to-day, when 500 of the City of Londoi
Imperial Volunteers received their klt»
and the freedom of the dry. The bli
crowds In the vicinity cheered the arrlv
in? volunteers, each of whom received i
parchment certificate of the freedom la
closed in a blue case. The ceremonial ad
mining the officers this afternoon wai
more elaborate. It occurred In the p^e3
er.ee of the Lord Mayor. A. J. Newtoa
the Councilors and the Duke of Caia
bridge. This portion of the regimen:
which sails to-morrow, attended a specla
service In St. Paul's Cathedral to-nlghj
and was afterward entertained at suppei
by the benchers of the Inner Temple,
WATER FILLS TRENCHES.
LONDON. Jan. 12.— Tho Dally Tele
graph has the following dispatch, date*
January 9. from Frere Camp: "A heav;
storm has been raging all night and then
13 every prospect that It will continue
The roads are Impassable and the riven
and spruits arp full. There has been m
firing at Ladysmith or Colenso. Tht
trenches must be tilled with water. Thi
Boers are holding Mount lllangwano. bix
they are certainly quite Isolated, as thet
bridge over the Tugela musi have beei
carried away."
GERMANY'S NEUTRALITY
BERLIN. Jan. 12.— The seml-offlcla
Nord Deutsche Gazette says: The Gov>
ernment has decided that It would no»
be compatible with strict neutrality ti
illow war materials to be sent from Get*
many either to Great Britain or to thi
Transvaal, and therefore, when It wa3 ro
ported that Ilerr Krupp was making stea
shells for Great Britain, the firm wai
promptly requested to stop any Intended
dispatch of arms, gur.3. ammunition oj
other war munitions to either belliser
CANNOT EXPORT ACIDS.
LONDON. Jan. 12.— The Gazette to-<!aj
proclaims the prohibition of the exporta
tlon In the United Kingdom or the carry*
In? coastwise of a variety of acids cap
able of being converted Into mllitarj
stores.
DENIED BY LADY METHUEN.
LONDON. Jan. 12.— Lady Methuen hai
Issued an absolute contradiction of the ro
mors that Lord Methuen Is ill or that h«
was injured by the falling of his horse a;
the battle of Magersfonteln.
MOUNTED SCOUTS ACCEPTED.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 12.— The Cans,
dlan Government has accepted British Co>
lumbla's offer of a company of mounted
scouts for South African service.
It is probable that Clery had [
orders to begin his attack as soon
as the Springfield position had !
been turned and Buller had se
cured the drift. Everything
looks as if a decisive movement
and determined effort to clear!
the way to Ladysmith had been i
begun, an effort on which the ¦
whole issue of the Natal cam
paign depends. Perhaps a se
ries of engagements may take
place on both the right and left j
of the Boer lines.
The list of casualties at Lidy
smith issued by the War Officer
totals 420. The proportion killed j
to wounded is unusually heavy, i
nearly a third. Among the of
ficers who lost their lives were
two of the most popular — Lord
Ava, son of the Marquis of Duf
ferin, and Colonel Dick-Cunyng
ham, the gallant Gordon High
lander.
The death list from enteric
fever and dysentery at Lady
smith, averaging from eight to
ten daily, is considered more
serious than the 420 casualties of
Saturday's fight, as they indi
cate the frightful sanitary condi
tion of the beleaguered town. A
letter from Ladysmith, dated De
cember 7, says that even then 90
out of 540 men in the battalion
of which the writer is a member
were sick with dysentery or en
teric fever, and according to a
dispatch to the Daily Chronicle,
dated January 8, the patients and
attendants in Tombi camp,
where the hospital is, then num
bered 2800.
KITCHENER THE REAL
CHIEF IN SOUTH AFRICA
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. ISOO, by James Gordon
Bennett.
LOXDOX. Jan. 13.— 1t now leaks out
that Lord Kitchener Is really the chief
In South Africa at the head of the Brit
ish troops, and Lord Roberts a figure
head. It happened thus: The national
defense committee met and decided that
Lord kitchener was the man for the
place. He was Lord Salisbury's nomina
tion. The Premier had made a study of
Lord Kitchener on the occasion of the
Sirdar's visit to Hatfield. but endless dif
ficulties were In the wayl ¦ ;_• •
Two months ago I told you the rumor
that Lord Kitchener would go out. and
the Herald and The Call were absolutely
the first papers to forecast the possibility,
which has now become a fact. The mat
ter Was then under discussion, but the
trouble was that Lord Kitchener was the
junior of Generals Buller, Warren and
others.
But Lord Salisbury Is never beaten upon
a technicality, and his solution of the
problem was to send Lord Roberts. He
will restore the confidence of the men
by his presence as field marshal, while
Lord Kitchener, being his aid, will en
able the latter under cover of his supe
rior in authority to conduct the cam
paign. The general opinion is that the
Idea Is not bad.
IMPERIAL VOLUNTEERS
RECEIVE THEIR KITS
LONDON*. Jan. 12.— There was a unique
and interesting ceremony at ths Guildhall
v ONDON, Jan. 12.— The War Office this morning received the following dis
| patch from General Buller, dated Springfield, Thursday, January 11, at
"^¦"^ 9:20 o'clock, evening:
4t l occupied the south bank of the Tugela River at Potgieters Drift this
morning and seized Pont. The river is in flood. The enemy is strongly en
trenched about Tour and a haif miles to the north."
Apart from the definite news that General Buller has attempted a second
time to cross the Tugela River the only news is the list of casualties among
the British officers in the fight at Ladysmith Saturday, January 6, showing
thirteen killed and twenty-seven wounded. Among the latter was Lieutenant
Colonel William Henry Dick-Cunyngham, V. C. f commander of the Second Bat
talion of the Gordon Highlanders since 1897. who. has since succumbed to his
wounds. The War Office announces the British casualties at Ladysmith, Janu
ary 6, among the rank and file, were 135 killed and 242 wounded.
It is officially announced that the Earl of Ava has died of his wounds.
The Earl died without recovering consciousness.
night among society people and
in military circles close to the
War Office that General Buller
was in motion. No confirmation
could then be obtained, and the
War Office was silent up to noon
yesterday, when the official dis
patch was given out showing
that on Thursday the British
forces moved westward to Pot
gieters Drift, seized the -point
and located the Boers four and a
half miles to the north. Pot
gieters Drift is not .marked on
any known map, but it is known
to be about fifteen miles west of
Colenso and is due north of
Springfield, from which Gen
eral Buller's telegram was sent.
General Buller must refer to
the great — not the little — Tu
gela when he says he has occu
pied the south bank.
The Boers are believed to hold
the junction of the two rivers
and to have a strong position at
Mount Tabanyama, east south
east of Ladysmith, which com
mands the approach to Potgiet
ers Drift.
A glance at the map will show
the significance of the British
move. General Buller was said
a short time ago to be construct
ing a railway toward Springfield.
It was also reported that the bulk
of his forces had retired to Frere,
the available troops sent to make
a demonstration under General
Clery, when Ladysmith was at
tacked, being only 10,000, or
munication with the besieged
garrison, for White's advanced
posts are two or three miles from
camp on either side of the road.
Although nothing has been .al
lowed to come through from Co
lenso or Frere since Tuesday,
and then dispatches all bore signs
of being severely censored, it is
probable that General Clery or
General Hiklyard has been left to
attack or "menace Hlangwane
Hill, while this turning move
ment has been in progress, or,
perhaps, make a strong demon
stration toward Colenso.
If the Boers there can be pre
vented from coming to the help
of their right flank by the imme
diate peril in front of them, the
British troops at Potgieters
Drift will find their work easier.
There is one point, however, that
must be considered. Unless the
Boers evacuated Springfield
General Buller has that force
threatening his rear, as well as
commandos south of Dewdrop
before him. A movement upon
the Boer right threatens the en
emy's line of communication
with the Orange Free State and
should bring on a battle imme
diately.
General Buller means to fight;
that is certain. The chief ob
stacle in his path for the moment
is the Tugela 'River, but the
floods go down as rapidly as
they rise.
Important information bearing
on this point is contained in a
dispatch from the Daily Tele
graph's war correspondent, who
reports in a message dated Tues
day that a heavy storm, with
rain, had filled the rivers and
spruits full of water. This ac
cords with . what Buller says of
the state of the Tugela at Pot
gieters Drift on Thursday.
The correspondent also states
that the Boers who were holding
Mount Hlangwane were now
quite isolated, as their bridge
over the Tugela must have been
carried away. If this is the case
an ... assault .on this mountain
is extremely likely. Should the
British be successful they will
have established themselves on
both flanks of the Boers, with a
chance of inflicting heavy loss.
about one-third of his army.
It now appears probable that
15,000 men have either utilized
the branch railway line or have
marched from Frere by the road
which ieaves Doornkop on the
right, and after running eighteen
miles in a northwesterly direction
crosses the Little Tugela and
reaches Springfield. Thence a
march of eight miles due north
would bring them to Potgieters
Drift, on the Tugela proper,
where they have established
themselves on the southern bank.
If, as it was reported, the Boers
were strongly intrenched at
Springfield, where they had
mounted one or two long guns,
it would seem that their position
was evaded by a night march.
At Potgieters Drift General
Buller has the main Boer in
trenchments away on the right.
If he can maintain himself there
he seriously threatens the safety
of Joubert's right 'flank. The
river before him, he reports, is in
flood, but as he probably has his
Royal Engineers with their pon
toon trains this will not seriously
retard him. His immediate op
ponents are four and a half miles
north, guarding, no doubt, the
road which leads to Roodespoort
and Dewdrop. From the . drift
to the latter place, is about ten
miles, and Ladysmith itself is
only' eight miles further off.
Once at -Dewdrop the reliev
ing force would be in close com-
LIEUiENAiVr COLOINcL DIcK CUNYINGHAm and tgg?
Gordon Highlanders Moving to the Assault at Elands;'
Laagte.
[From London Illustrated News.]
The death of this gallant officer will be the most widely lamented. Well
known for his conspicuous gallantry, ho had won largo and fresh honors
since the Natal campaign began. Beginning with the fight at Elands Laagte.
on October 21. in which his command Fignally distinguished itself in the as
sault on the heights held by the Boers, he bore a leading part in nearly every
one of the many engagements that have since taken place In and about Lady-
Fmith up to the time of his fatal wound in repelling the Boer assault on
Wagon Hill. January 6.
William Henry Dick-Cunyngham was born in June, ISSI, and entered the
army as sub-lieutenant In the Gordon IJighlanders in 1572. He was made cap
tain in ISSI and major of the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders in IS9L In
ISS7 he came back to the Gordons with the rank of lieutenant colonel. Hi 3
war service began in the Afghan war I&7S-SO, during which he took part In
eleven general and minor engagements, and several important expeditions,
twice winning special mention in the dispatches, besides a medal with two
clasps and a bronze star and the Victoria cross. He served with distinction in
the Transvaal war cf 1881, when a part of his battalion were so badly defeated
and cut up at Majuba Hill. From ISS3 to ISSS he served as adjutant of the
auxiliary forces in India. In ISO 3-94 he was staff officer (first class) in Bengal
and later D. A. A. General of Bengal. He came with contingent from In
dia to join Sir George Stewart White in the Natal campaign about the mid
dle of October.
SUCCESSFUL MOVES
IN THE PHILIPPINES
Insurgents Beaten Back With Loss
cf Slen, Property and Muni
tions of War.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12— General Otis
has made a. report to th? War Depart
ment In regard to the military operations
In Luzon, south of Manila, showing the
capture of fcveral towns and a Isxge
BSX&beT of prisoners w'.th arms and am
ir.ur.lticn. The me-ssage is as follows:
MANILA. Jan. 12.— There have been con
tinued operation* by Batp«' command F->uth of
Mtailt. Th<- Thirty-eeventh an;J Thirty-ninth
reelment« are at Ca!a.:r.ba. ccmrnanJed by Bul
lard. On January 1 UuMard. -with two bat
talions cf th<? Thirty-ninth, attacked a force
of isf-urircr.t* In the vicinity, driving the enensy
and capturing the town of Cabayuo. On the
followinc «lay he took Elnan. The enemy's
loss vas thirty killed arid a large number'
wounded, trtth twenty prt*oner« and riflwi cap
tured. Ocr casuaititr*— three men slightly
On January 3 Hoyd. with three companies of
the Tfcirty-sever.th. captured General Kizal. h!«
official takers and property; three miles east
t,i Lo» Basos. On January 4 Long, ¦with a de
tachment of the Thirty-n'.r.th. attacked the
im=urcenu at Carraona. There were twenty-
Eve killed, with no casualties on our siJe. On
January i liuliard. with portion* cf the Thirty
seventh and Thirty-ninth regiment?, attacked
the encrny south of Calatnba and drove them
beyond Panto Tonxa*. killing twenty-four and
< ..: ' jr.-.ij artillery. Our casualties— one pri
vate killed &nd • '¦• j T:iiii Baker and Lieutenant
Peltita of the Thirty-ninth elightly wounded.
On January 11 Cheatha.ni c.t the Thirty-seventh
with It* men. supported l>y artillery, attacked
the inftutvents two miles weet cf Santo Tomaa.
cr: '•¦::.£ them ir.~ that 6eclicn. No casual-
ADMISSION CHARGED
TO SEE AN EXECUTION
Fund Collected at the Box Office Wil
Go to the Widow of the Con
demned Man.
DENVER. Jan. 12.— A special to till
News from El Paso, Texas, says: A crirzv
Inal is to be executed In the Cuartel ai
Juarez within the next few days. Thi
man will be shot Inside the walla of thi
prison. An admittance fee of 23 centa w:l
be charged all persons desiring to witnesj
the execution, and the money thus derive*
will go to the widow of the condemned
Death of Mrs. Keys.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUTSUN, Jan. 12.— Mrs. James A. Keys
¦wife of the County Treasurer of Solam
County, died of pleuro-pneumonia ye»
terday morning at 3 o'clock. Althoug!
Mrs. Keys had been 111 about three weeks
her death was not only unexpected, bur
a shock to the entire community. Fiv«
young children, the eldest of whom 1:
but D years of age. are left motherless
The deceased was a person of extremi
generosity and highly popular.
Death of a Mining Man.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 12.— Thomas Wei
Hngton. aged 50 years, a mining man froa
Colorado, dropped dead In 'a lodging
house. Wellington, who was an Invalid
came to this city last August, hoping thai
a change of climate would benefit hit
health.
Miller Released.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 12.— W. W\ Miller, wn«
formerly conducted a weekly publlcatlot
in San Francisco, was released from thi
County Jail here to-day. Ho complete
his ¦ term of one year for criminal liba
upon ex-Judge .Reynolds of the Supexia'
Court
-A.ga.in tiie Britisli Oommanderin Oliief
"Will Try to FJ.ea.cla T_ia.civsmitli.
NOT A PERSON RESCUED
FROM THE DOOMED SHIP
Unknown Vessel Wrecked in St.
fflarys Bay Carried a Crew
of Sixty Men.
ST. JOirN'S. N. F., Jan. H— The fol
lowing comprise all the details re
garding the wreck in St. Marys Bay
that could be obtained up to mid
r.lght:
Th*» ship is a two-masted steamer c.f
nearly 30n0 tons and probably carried a
crew of sixty, with possibly some passen
gers. She went ashore before daybreak
on Thursday, striking a ledg? at the foot
of the cliff, where e.«caj>e was hopeless.
The crew launched the boats, but prob
ably during the panic seme were crushed
agair.st her side, others being swamped,
ell the occupants apparently perishing.
The ship «ru seen to be ua lire by resi
dents six miles away. Attracted' to the
scene, they -< -: '- c after half of the
wreck blazir.g fiercely and the fore part
under water. Keroscno In the cargo
helped the b'.aze. At that time only three
men were left on board. Tr.o were on the
bridge ar.d one was in the rigging. Those
en the bridge were safe until about 2
¦p. m., ¦» hen they were washed overboard
sir.d drowned, the bridge being carried
nwav. The survivor soon after left the
rigging, swam to the rocks and twice en
dtavored to get a footing. Falling In this,
he made his way back to the rigging,
¦where he died of exposure during the
night.
Mar.y bodies are visible tossing In the
Furf. Two of them thrown vp In a cove
caxmot be reached owing to the heavy sea.
One Is thought to be that of a woman.
Bos.ts and other wreckage are strewn
among the rocks for miles. Yesterday
(Friday) was more stormy than the day
before, and it was impossible to reach
the wreck* which has gone to pieces to
t -»ch an extent that it -has sunk beneath
the waves. A severe gale is raging to
right, which U likely to reduce her to
fragmor.ts. The Wreck Commissioner
hopes to be able to obtain her name to-
Beddesta along the shore made every
;>oss:ble effort to rescue the survivors In
the rigging, but lacking proper outfits
they failed. There is not the slightest
prospect that any person en board es
caped death, as the intense midwinter cold
would have killed any who escaped
drowr.ir.g.
A messenger who has Just arrived from
Peters River reports that a trunk filled
with women's clothing has been washed
ashore there.
STEAMER ELM BRANCH
SIGHTED IN DISTRESS
TmgTS Sent Trcin Seattle to Assist a
Disabled Vessel Off Cape
Flattery.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 12.— The British
turret steamship Elm Branch, one week
ox-erdue at this pert, has been sighted
o2 Care Flattery la distress. The Pacific
Export Lumber Company, which has the
Fteamcr chartered, received a dispatch to
day from Port Townsend stating that the
i;:rr. Branch had been sighted at sea with
her propeller gone. A tag was rent from
Port Townter.d to take her in tow.
SEATTLE. Jan. 12.— The British steam
fhip Elm Branch Is off Cape Flatten*
•with a broken propeller and two tugs
have pone to her assistance. The flret
r.<=w;= rffrarding the disabled steamer was
a dispatch to the Merchants' Exchange of
this city received this afternoon. It was
from Ncah Bay, stating that the steamer
Eiihu Thomson had just passed out after
Fighting the steamer Elm Branch, dis
abled and at anchor four miles off Flat
tery rocks. The Elihu Thomson had given
the Elm Branch a hawser, but soon after
parted It and came in to report her.
A dispatch was received during- the
morning by Captain J. Blisby of the Puget
Sound Tugboat Company from some of his
tug captain*, and two tups were immedi
ately dispatched to the relief of the
steamer. These tugs are the Tyee, Cap
tain C. T. Bailey, and the Tacoma. Cap
tain H. Morrison. As the tugs left this
morning they &re now outside and will
have no difficulty in picking up the dis
abled Ftpamcr and bringing her in.
The Eim Branch, Capuiln Iliff, is e:i
route to Portland, Or., from Nagasaki,
and is tOTe&ty-Sve days out tc-day. She id
without cargo. It Is not known how long
Fhe has been disabled, but from her posi
tion It Is judged two or three days. It
would se*?m that, having broken down, she
had attempted to make the Cape under
home kind of Bail and ha<i run v? close
and feared to enter. Flattery rocks are
FeveraJ milts south of the Cape and It Is
a Fomewhat dangerous locality.
Last July the Elm Branch loaded at
Port Blakeley for Newchar.g. China, and
afterward sailed wita a cargo from Van
couver, B. C, for the Orient. She is an
Iron steamer of 2063 tons.
The Elihu Thomson partM her hawser
in tryi~C to tOT/ H* Eta Branch In.
' tics. Pchirar.'f ecl'Jir.n. cen*i*ting of a squad
r-n or th* Fourth and one of thj Eleventh cav
alry, the Thirtieth and Forty-sJxth infantry
ar.4 six Nordenfeldt puns under Cartain Van
1 duwn, t fixed Binar.n. Fitang- and Ir.dangnalc.
scattering the rnemy. tvho were severely pun
ished. Whea ton's column, three troops cf the
Seventh Cavalry. the Fourth. Twenty
eighth. Thirty-eighth and Forty-flfth regi
ments, A-:cr and Kenley's batteries, have
driven the enemy from all !mr>ortant points
north of the Silar.d line. They had heavy flghi
ir.K ar.d captured considerable pub'.lc property.
Infllrllng heavy less upon ana scattering the
enemy. Pchxvan's column is now moving in
Northern Eatar.tras in a southerly direction. All
cf Cav'.te province is. occupied Vy Wheaiton's
! eomrniir.d. There was heavy loss to th» enemy
| fißflac the week in men. ordnance and. other
I property. All derations have been very suc
i cental. OTIS.
•
POLICE DECLARE MRS.
CORSE WAS TO BLAME
Disposed to Cast Doubt Upon the San
Francisco Elocutionist's Story
of Robbery.
sr*<:lal Dlspatca U The- Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.— The police deny that
Mrs. John Corse, the San Francisco elocu
tionist.* was robbed of money and dia
monds, as phe alleges. They admit ghe
lost her rings snd other Jewels and prob
ably her pur?e, but say the fault was her
own, and the man arrtsteti for taking
them will not be prosecuted.
According to the story told by Mrs.
Corse, who. while attending a Chicago
school of dramatic expression, is living
with friends at 233 Dearborn avenue, she
took dinner with friends on Wednesday
and remained with them until 11 o'clock,
when she called a cab to go home. -Arriv
ing at the Dearborn-avenue residence, she
dismissed the cabman and went to her
apartments, to discover that she had for
gotten to have a prescription tilled. Think
ing to catch the cabman, rushed
downstairs, but the vehicle was a block
away.
As Butts' drugstore, at Clark and Chest
nut street, was only a block from her
home, and the street was well lighted, she
thought she could walk the few steps In
safety. On her return, when in the middle
of the block, three men sprang from thg
shadow of a building and commanded her
to give them hrr diamonds and pecket
book. She hesitated a moment and then,
recovering herself, screamed. One of the
men grabbed her and placed a nar.d over
her mouth, drew her into the shadow, of
the building to get her out of sight cf
passing pedertrians on Clark strrtt. and
told one of his companions to call a cab
which was standing around the corner on
Clark street.
This is the last Mrs. Corse remembers.
She cays that while the cab was being
driven around a handkerchief on which
was something with a nauseating odor
was placed to hr-r nose and she became
uncenhciojs. When she regained her
senses sbe was in a back room in a ealcon
on Division street, near Clark. The set
tings '.n the rings and the brooch she
wore at her threat had been cut cut and
her pocketbook was missing. II«t face,
ri^ck and hands were badly bruised.
The police refuse to discuss the case
further than here outlined, and Mrs.
Corse will not see newspaper men. So far
as the police are concerned the incident is
closed.
MOB THREATENS
ST. LOUIS DELEGATES
Failure to Pass the Electric Light
Contract Causes a Small
Riot.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 12.— The agitation
caused by the failure of the St. Louis
HOOK of Delegates to contract for elec
tric lighting- for the alleys, parks and
city institutions culminated to-day in a
demonstration by citfzens at the doors
leading to the Delegate floor such as has
never fee-en witnessed before in the City
Hall. A crowd numbering several hun
dred completely filled the corridors lead
ing to the Delegates' chamber. They
howled? hooted and hissed and at times
threatened to break in the doors lead
ing to the Delegates' floor. Alfred Llfo,
a page of the House, was. assaulted. At
one time a revolver -was drawn by the
sergeant at arms of the House, Henry L.
Weeks, who guarded the door loading to
the Delegates' floor, and several times,
before the arrival of the police, it looked
as though bloodshed could not be averted.
Th» ai rival of the police sergeant and
a sfjuad. together with a speech to th-e
crowd from ex-Governor Stannard, cau
tioning them to commit no overt act. had
the effect of quelling | the disturbance.
To-n:e;ht the situation in the different in
| stitutions was practically unchanged from
! that previously reported.
! At a meeting of the House of Delegates
; th's afternoon the three ordinances passed
| by the City Council this week providing
| for t'-mporary relief in the city lighting
i situation had their first reading and as
i surar.ces were given by leaders in the
I House of Delepates that the measures
| would receive prompt attention and final
I action at the earliest possible moment
j under the law. The House of Delegates
i adjourned at 5 o'clock after one of the
| most extraordinary cessions In ' the h!s
j tury of the city until 11 o'clock to-morrow
i morning, -when the bills are to be taken
j up for second reading.
SETTLING THE DISPUTE.
France and Santo Domingo Will
Come to Terms.
SAN DOMINGO, Jan. 12.-The United
I States gunboat Maehias and one more
•j French warship have arrived hero. Th?
, French admiral has had a conference
: with the Government. According to ru
j mor, the difficulty is being settled in a
j satisfactory manner.
JAMES MARTINEAU DEAD.
Unitarian Theologian Lived to the
Age of Ninety-Five.
LONDON. Jan. 12.— Professor James
Martineau. the eminent Unitarian theol
ogian, died to-day. He was In his 95th
year.
Plague Infected Vessels.
ASSUMPTION. Paraguay. Jan. 12.— The
i health authorities have declared njague
1 infected all vessels which have left a sus
pected port within ten days prior to Jan
uaxv"
SKELETONS ON THE
EDMONTON TRAIL
Relief Party Under Skirving, After
Suffering Terrible Privations,
Reaches Dawson.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
V JICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 12.-Accord
\ / ing to news received to-day from
I / Dawson City, the relief party head
y ed by Corporal Skirving of the
* Northwest Mounted Police has re
turned. The party was sent from i
that city on the £t>th of August last by j
Major Walsh, the then commandant of
the police, to search for the Moffatt party I
of prospectors, which was reported miss- !
ing in the country between the Mackenzie \
arid the Porcupine, whither it had wan- i
derod while bound for the gold fk-'ds via !
the Edmonton trail. As the members of ]
the party' had been given up as lost and '
mourned as dead by their comrades, there |
was great joy in the barracks when they i
came in. The guide. A. F. Eoakes. and '
the two policemen returned on December
19, and the corporal commanding the ad
venturous little party arrived two days
later, he having been detained owing to
an injury received to his knee while pur
suing a dog thief down to Circle City.
A ghastly srory was told by the relief
party. Corporal Skirving says there can
be r.o doubt as to the fate of the Moffatt
party, of v.horn they went in search. All
are undoubtedly dead. The party consist
ed of A. F. Moffatt of Pembroke, Phil
Bellevue of Duluth. Minn., and one
Holmes of Fresno, CaL
These men were the remainder of the
party of twenty-one persons who had
started from Edmonton for the Klondike
over that death trap in the fall of 1537. A
portion of the party which became sepa
rated managed to reach the goal to which
they were journeying, having taken diver
gent routes. The first arrivals told of oth
ers being missing, and a search was made,
and ultimately all had arrived or been ac-
counted for but these three. As t!m«
passed and no word was received fron
them their friends became anxious and
alarmed as to their safety, and the anx
ious Inquiries and petitions sent to thi
mounted police officers for assistance re*
suited in the sending of tha party whicl
has just returned.
The party, guided by Mr. Boakes. cov>
ered ever two thousand miles since leav
ing Dawson in their search, and all teC
cf great hardships they have endured
For weeks they found no trace of the un
fortur.ate prospectors. It was not untt
October that they managed to hit theli
trail, and as a result of Investigation thet
made found that all three had undoubt
edly perished of starvation In the wilder*
ness. Indians were found who had burle<
the bodies of two white men picked vi
by them and from what was learned fron
the Indians there Is every reason to be
lieve that the bodies buried were thos»
of two of the lost miners. Traces wen
also found of the other members of thi
lost party, but they disappeared at i
point not remote from where the bodlei
had been found. Several skeletons
some seemingly dragged by animate fron
shallow graves, were seen by the police
men, and from what they learned fron
: the Indians they believe that at leas
I twelve men met their death in the distrta
I through which they were traveling.
They ended their search at Fort Mo
I Pherson. where their journey was Inter
| rupted by the freezing of the river. Afta
. a short stay there, being satisfied tha.
j nothing more definite was to be ascep
• tamed. iLey started for Dawson and r»
Parted that the rumon of their death
which greatly surprised them, had bee!
1 grossly exaggerated.
BULLER ADVANCES
TO THE TUGELA
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 44.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
LONDON, Jan. 13.— Again
the eyes of the British na
tion are concentrated
upon Buller's advance on the Tu
gela River. As I cabled yester
day morning, rumors were cur
rent at the West End ThursdayLet every sufferer from catarrh take
this as a personal recommendation from
the thousands *o>ho have been cured of
this disease by Hood's SarsaparuU. It
eradicates the cause of the disease, and at
the same time eocthes and rebuilds theirri'
tated and inflamed membranes.
Catarrh— "My throat <was in such a
condition t o)Uh catarrh that I could hardly
s*oallo<a> and had no appetite. I found
Hood's Scrssparula an excellent remedy,
and now have a good appetite." Ella J.
White, Ennb, Texas.
§ MA %tt&AJ)BAfil
ory. SimrpJeasnMa. etc, csoaed by arm.
Wrt and laduantioaM. They quickly
AJ&x xaaieta. Tn*y have cared thousands and will
jbp»7O«. W««i»»apo«itl»«writta¥Saraßta»toa«.
£«* •««•»» •~5 .caao or refund iVMrnSTßlM
AJAX REMEDY CO.. 'fcgKSW I -
For eala in S. F. by L«! D ait» * Co.. No Pei* -
centage Dru»r Co.. Owl Dru« Co.. a F.. OairS.
VIEWS IN NORTHERN CAPE COLONY.
This Is the section in which Generals French and Gatacre are operating.
The former on the Midland railroad lino had "ten days ago advanced as far
as Colesberg, from which the Boers retired and he reported its capture. The
appearance of the enemy on the hill overlooking the town deterred him
from entering it, however; and the two forces have since been maneuvering
In Its vicinity, with frequent skirmishes, and the loss to the British a few
days ago of over a hundred officers and men of the Suffolk Regiment, includ
ing its commander. Lieutenant Colonel Watson, who was mortally wounded
In a surprise attack which he had planned.
Queenstown, General Gatacre's base, lies on the Eastern railroad line,
running from East London to the Orange River. To the northwest of the
town lies Stormberg Pass and near it Stormberg Junction, where the British
made the disastrous attempt 'to surprise the Boers on December 10 last which
resulted in the loss of nearly 700 men.
the position to be taken they, uncon
sciously found themselves closed in and
lit^ihat formation attempted the ascent,
fne fire directed upon them was terrible,
distinguished by their swords, the
ofljeers were first to fall. Colonel Ethel
stan was mortally wounded fifty yards
from the first slope, and one by one the
rest fell as they advanced, many with
two or three bullet wounds. The slaugh
ter was appalling to watch; the gal
lantry displayed was useless under the
pitiless Iron hail that was but slightly
checked by the redoubled shelling of the
reinforced battery. With a cheer the
Yorkshire men— by a curious coincidence
they had been convoyed from Mauritius
by the very men to whose, help they now
came — advanced under a tremendous
fusillade toward the crest of the Sangar.
Of course they lost heavily, but their
open formation and the Impossibility of
distinguishing officers, saved them from
the concentrated fire that had deprived
the naval detachment of their leaders,
and little by little the thin line of khaki
crawled up to the top.
"The storming line was now so near
the crest that the guns could only be
directed upon the Boers enfilading the
position from the Bpurs of the kopje on
the left. Lieutenant S. C. Taylor, closely
followed by Lieutenant Jones of the Ma
rines, reached the outer works of the
Sangar and made their way over.
"In tho next half-minute fifty men
tumbled over and Immediately rushed
over to clear the position In the rear.
This was, however, held for a quarter of
an hour more, perhaps as a screen more
than anything else to cover the retreat
of the Boers. Above, the hilltop was al
most dripping with blood; not a bowlder
escaped its splash of crimson, and the
innumerable splinters and chips of iron
stone blocks indicated the terrific nature
of our fire. Most of the dead or wound
ed Boers were carried off— the more se
verely injured were found in their hos
pital, a quarter of a mile away— but here
and there a dead man proved that here
the Transvaal had sent its men down for
the first time to meet the oncoming col
umn."
•
DENOUNCES THE GREED
AND RAPACITY OF BRITONS
HARTFORD, Conn.. Jan. 12.— Professor
Arthur M. Wheeler of Yale University
spoke In denunciation of the attitude of
the British in South Africa toward tho
Boers in a lecture given' to-night In the
South School Hall. His subject was
"England and the Transvaal." He said
that whatever be the result of the pres
ent contest, the British must lose in the
end. Living on the islands .' and sur
rounded by an . almost impassable
wall, the English go through the
world as If there was nobody else In
existence. The Dutch element was pre
dominant when the English took posses
sion of what Is now Cape Colony, The
Boers were forced back Into the Interior.
The Boers cultivated the soil and estab
lished institutions, but the English came
in and took the fruits of their labor. One
of the grievances of the English against
the Boers Is that the. latter will "not live
under British rule, which Is an unpardon
able sin in England. He sharply criti
cl7ed the manner In which the English ob
tained possession of the Kimberley dia
mond fields, and attributed all her inter
ference in the Transvaal and Orange Free
State affairs to greed and rapacity. Other
claims made by the English were only
excuses.
DISSATISFIED WITH
ENGLAND'S LONG DELAY
BERLIN, Jan. 12.— There is stiH great
dissatisfaction in Germany at Great Brit
ain's long delay in releasing the Bundes
rath and in sending a formal answer to
Germany's protest.
A high official at' the Foreign Office
latest pamphlet, issued to-day, deals with
"American Naval Regeneration," praising
the energy shown and admiring the man
ner in which "this joyous, vigorous and
lively nation plants the star-spangled
banner In every nook of the globe."
The war In South Africa continues to be
a subject of elaborate comment In the
German press. The Mllltair Wochenblatt,
the military organ, declares its expecta
tion that Lord Roberts and Lord Kitchen
er, having arrived at the Cape, things will
henceforth "mend for the British."
The German diamond industry is being
seriously injured by the war. In Hanau
four large diamond-cutting establishments
have been closed.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— Mail advices
just received from London state
that the British war correspond
ents are pouring In through the
mails columns of descriptions of
operations In South Africa. Those recent
ly printed refer chiefly to the battles of
Gras Pan and Modder River, for It is yet
too early for the publication of fuller ac
counts of Buller's defent at Colonso. The
Times' correspondent at Modder River
has written a graphic account of the
long, fierce battle that takes Its name
from that river. "For the whole of the
day." he writes, "the Guards brigade lay
on the open veldt In a heat that was act
ually 110 degrees in the shade at midday.
While the left flank had not been Idle and
after the general had personally led them
to the summit of a slljrht rise that com
manded the only possible means of cross
ing the river— the dam that had been built
f turn the Modder River into an orna
mental water for the picnics of Kimberley
excursionists— they moved in echelon to
ward the edge of the river bank on the
enemy's extreme left.
"That it Jeould even be attempted to
cross the river sliding sideways through
the rush of water over the paddles of a
rickety iron bar, one by one clinging to the
short supports in full view of the opposite
shores, was an act of reckless heroism
against which even the wary Cronje ha<t
not provided. Thla, however, is what was
actually done, and it would be difficult
to find a parallel of the stubborn pluck of
the men who accompanied Colonel Barter
across the* 300 yards of dam and weir. One
by one some 400 of them crossed. Then a
detachment of the Royal Engineers, show
ing how well they could take thcic part in
the forefront of the fighting line, followed
them; after that some more of the York
shire Infantry. Little by little tho force
was collected which cleared several of
the nearest houses or. the right and ef
fected an occupation of an Irrigation path
from which they were ne ( ver dislodged.
To fight for thirteen hours Is an ordeal
that In ordinary warfare would be a
terrible strain, but on the treeless, shade
less veldt, with the thermometer at the
degree above mentioned, the exhaustion
suffered by our men was so great that
in hundreds of cases men and officers
alike slept as they lay in the scrub, care-,
less of the shell and rifle fire that surged
over them. To provide them food was
Impossible; to bring a water-cart on the
field, as the Coldstream Guards found by
bitter experience, was only tempting men
to expose themselves to death, rushing
for the water at all hazards and leaving
the cover, such as it was, afforded by
the nine or ten inch growth of mimosa
scrub.
"Early in the afternoon the general was
shot through the thigh, and for some time
the two brigades, in the absence of orders,
were compelled to act Independently of
each other, the only communication holm?
a warning to the Ninth Brigade not to
fire upon the First, of which there was
some danger.
"The magnificent manner In which the
Boors had realized and augmented the
strength of the position, the success with
which they had kept their works and dis
position secret until the crucial moment,
the feint by which they drew
off the entire artillery strength of
our force from their main position, and
the astonishing accuracy of their picked
shots at the longest ranges should all be
remembered to the credit of their gener
als. But it was in the material which
formed the commando that they failed.
They could do no more than they actually
did with the men under their command.
Already jealousies had sprung up between
the generals, the men accused each other
of cowardice and the threat of physical
force had, if rumors were true, to be held
over them more than once.
"The one-pounder' Maxim gun was the
most effective weapon used by the Boers.
The five and six pound shots fired in one
Becond while the gun was traversed had
more moral effect than the steady dis
charge of shrapnel of the ordinary fifteen
pounder at half-minute Intervals. One
man not far from me had both thighs
blown off as he -sat by one of these little
shells landing on tho ground between
them, but there ia no question that the
moral effect was, as a rule, greater than
the practical results. No gun was more
cordially disliked by our men than, this
new weapon, that was usually christened
'Bong-bong-bong,' the patent of which in
1802 was offered to and declined by our
Government." . .. v^.'vv ,V
Of the lessons to be learned from Mod
der River this correspondent says: • ',
"It would be impossible in any future war
for the officers to retain their swords, and
It will be worth while for the War Ofllce
to construct some light carbine that may
be carried by them. Instead of the weighty
rifle served out to the men."
The scene after the battle is thus de
scribed by the same writer:
"Most people who have stayed at Klm
berley know of Modder River as a crea
tion, only thinking of it, in fact, much as
London regards Maidenhead. Never has
it been anything but a frivolous little
patch in the heart of the veldt. The pun.
ishment for its giddiness has been sudden
and extraordinary. The place Is deserted,
the walls and roofs are perforated like a
colander;; the ."water, churned and be
fouled by 10,300 animals, rolls over and
o_ver the dead that were hurriedly thrown
ihto its eddying hollows with a weight at
tached; that has in many cases proved in
sufficient. Tho bridge lies on Its ruined
piers a twisted length, of scraplron, and
the dead horses fill every nook in the riv
erside woods.
"The. chapel, with Us little wooden
cross, near the river, stood in the thick
of the fight, and now Hc3 a crumbling
mass of adobe walls, with its shattered
earthen a. or and most of its seats.
NOT THE VICTIM
OF A NIGHTMARE
Alfred Morrison Charged
With Murder.
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— Alfred Morrison,
who shot and killed one of his wives, with
whom he was living in Mount Vernon. is
under arrest. Crowds waited around his
house all day in anticipation of the ar
rest, and they followed Morrison, who
was in charge of two detectives, to the
Courthouse, where he was arraigned and
held to the Grand Jury on the charge of
murder in the tirst^degree.
Morrison on the night of December 28
shot his wife Alida and she died the fol
lowing day. He appeared to be grief
stricken over the attnir and told a pitiful
tale of how the shooting was the result
of fright occasioned by a dream of burg
lars. The woman herself, knowing that
death was certain, said that the shooting
was accidental and attributed it to the
same cause as Morrison did. The Coro
ner's jury exonerated him.
Some days later Morrison's original
wife,- whom he married many years ago
under the name of Gordon, gave out the
information that the man was a bigamist
and had practically abandoned her, and
since then facts tending to place Morri
son in a bad light have been developed.
The police have been watching Morrison
ever since, and It was rumored that Mor
rison was acting like a crazy man. When
he was placed under arrest to-day, how
ever, he was very Quiet and perfectly
composed.
Judgre Appell aaid that the depositions
and ether papers in the case did not show
that any crime had been committed; or.
if any crime had been committed, that
the prisoner at the bar had committed
one. He then moved that the case be dis
missed and the prisoner discharged.
Judge Schatz denied this motion, and
Judge Appell said he would waive ex
amination and that the prisoner would
stand committed to await the action of
the Grand Jury. Morrison was committed
to jail without bail. The next Grand Jury
will assemble in White Plains on the first
Monday In February.
District Attorney Andrews to-day
claimed that he had sufficient evidence to
prove that Morrison, in shooting his wife,
committed a deliberate and premeditated
murder. - 1
JOLC^t/ S't#- S T38 " 7^0 Market St.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it. All druggists.
fEHWYROYAL PILLS
V j-«ff\ O rigtu ml sad Oat* flo»«U« »,
/~dfnx\ ••»«. »;w»r» nuitit, uoitiuk .^N.
If) *£* Wj 13 " otf»*r. R-fx** d* lns ~m.j .v '££
ONLY A SMALL LOT OF
Ladies Nova Scotia Seal
Button, pointed toes, sizes ¦%
to 5, medium wide .'.51.00
Child's Kid Button, Double Ex-
tension Sole, sizes 7. t0 7^.. 05c
sizes 8 to 10^.". $1.10
Ladi « s ' F'ne Box Calf. Lace
and Button, wide coin t0e. ..51.90
Little Gents' Box Calf Lace
sizes 9 to 13J4 $1.20
Ladies' Low Front. High Back
Square. Toe Rubbers, sizes 5
to 6y 3 25c
Misses' Storm Rubbers^ Square
Toe, sizes II to \l/i\ l /i 25c
Ladies' .Red Felt Romeos, sizes
3 to 8 80c
Ladies'. Black Satin Slippers, V-- "
sizes 3 to 8 .75c
Ladies' Red Satin Romeos,
quilted, sizes 3 to 7, C, D and
E wide $1.20
"That is Well Spoken
That is Well Taken/ 0
Just a Sample
We quote below a few prices on
fashionable, seasonable SHOES, broken
lots and odd sizes ! These are but a few
of many good things in store for you at our
Semi-Annual
Clearance Sale.
AGED MAN
LEFT DESTITUTE
Threatened With Evic
tion From Her Shanty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUBALITO. Jan. 12.-The alleged vic
tim of schemers and deserted by husband
and children, Mrs. Campbell, an aged
woman of this town, is vainly seeking for
aid and counsel.
The property which was hers she claims
has vanlehed and now her divorced hus
band threatens her with eviction from
the miserable shanty In which f=he Is liv
ing. Although she has five children their
affections are. she claims, alienated and
from them she can hope for nothing.
About im John and Catherine Camp
bell were divorced. At the time of their
reparation. Catherine owned a small
homestead, but owing to a mistake In
making out the deed. John was named
as co-owner When the two parted Can
,^ n enzle « as a PP oi nted guardian of
the children. Mrs. Campbell claims that
during his guardianship he, unknown to
her sold the property to Dorcas Camp
bell, her divorced husband's sister. The
old woman says that she knew nothing
of this until a short time ago when, on
going to pay her taxes, she learned that
her few acres had vanished. When she
heard the truth she almost went out of
her mind. Her enemies claim that since
then she has not been right and that her
statements are irresponsible.
The woman seems to be rational enough
and the terrible state of poverty to which
Bhe is reduced is proven by her raceed
garments and squalid surroundings
e^ f£ c ? »?" n!^ t Ca P tain AlcKenzie
claimed that Mrs. Campbell is not sane
lie Fays that he sold the estate to satisfy
the lawyers' clalms'and what remains he
has in trust until the youngest boy be
comes of age. He adds that he will feel
relieved when his guardianship is over
The children are all fairly well to do.
farewell One of the men concerned In
HlOH 10 .u obb . cry , was sentenced to fourteen
months' imprisonment.
Early In IS&3 Luipl's lavish expenditures
had awakened suspicion that he was liv
ing a fast life, and Sipnor Crispl was
soon made painfully aware that the
source of his son's funds was the Bale of
private papers to the enemies of the
statesman. Borne of these were made use
rnlni BU V )rt s< - an , dalous charges against
Crlspl. 'Young Lulgi was locked up In a
house of correction. ¦ .- :, -..
t Ti^u the /-ountess Cellere accused
Luigi he retorted with a charge of black
mailing. Ultimately kleptomania was of
fered as an excuse for him
LUIGI CRISPI
SENT TO PRISON
Stole Jewelry From the
Countess Cellere.
ROME. Jan. 12— Lulgi Crlspl. son of
Eignor Francisco Crlspl, the distinguished
Italian etatt-pman and former Premier,
was to-day sentenced to four years' Im
prisonment for the theft of Jewelry from
the Countess Ccilere in April of 1856.
\.:..v\ CrispS If a natural i?on of the ex-
Premier, liis career has been notorious.
\\v was shipped off to Argentina soon
eftcr the accusation of theft was brought
egalnet him and his father used his vast
Influence as Prime Minister to thwart all
efforts to find the Jewels or the robber.
The Countess followed the matter up en
ergetically and soon found the thieves and
the dealer to whom they sold the Jewels.
The thieves were two brothers named
Malpleri and a mysterious Manuel. The
evidence left no doubt that Lulgl Crlspi
induced the Countess, whose Intimate
friend he was, to remove her jewels from
a bank, where they had been placed
for fafe keeping, to her rooms on a cer
tain day, upon the pretense that a would
be punhaSer wished to see them. While
yet they were in her apartments he per
suaded her to go to Frnscatl. his accom
plices meanwhile secreting themselves in
the apartment. This having been done
he took the Countess home and left her
«.t midnight, after an unusually tender
MANY LIVES LOST IN
THE BLINDING STORM
DENVER, Jan. 12.— A special to the
News from Alamogordo, N. M., says: Dp
tails of the bHzzard which swept over
Southwestern New Mexico on' Tuesday
and Wednesday are just coming in, and
they Indicate that it was the severest
storm ever experienced in the region A
stretch of territory fifty miles In width,
with White Oaks and Nogales for the cen
ter, seemea to suffer the most, although
the severity of the storm was fully felt
te"*™" t] ? e , Sacram ento Mountain re
g on. The velocity of the wind was terrl
«lfn : fh r A a , ds , and traJls were obliterated,
and the driving snow made it impossible
for travelers to see their way in the
storm.
h«y h w« he K St0 I m abated wagons which
had been abandoned were found strewn
all over the section. Several fatalities
wM ( Cp ?, r( , e(ll r lncludlnK the driver of the
\\nite Oaks-Lincoln stage. It is fearc-3
that many shecpherders have lost their
lives Thousands of head of stock per-
SSftgSt^&oJoa 611 "^ that the loss WIU
An old prospector found dead at the
head of Cox Canyon, in the Sacramento
Mountains, has been identified as John
S3 V-, etween Carrizozo and Capitan, on
the El Paso and Northeastern Railway
the snow was eight feet deep, and the
aown train to Alamogordo was in the
drifts a day and a half before being lib
erated. ~^ r --; ¦¦•¦*'.
Bishop of Fort Wayne Dead. »
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Jan. 12.— Right
Rev. Joseph Rademacher, Bishop of the
Roman Catholic diocese of Fort Wayne,
died to-day after an illness of a year's
duration.
DEPUTIES SEARCHING
FOR MURDEROUS TRAMP
No Talk of Lynching in the Neigh
borhood of Stevens
v Creek.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 12.— Sheriff Langford
and some deputies are in the hills on
Stevens Creek to-day investigating the
shooting of little Louisa Cornu, which !3
said to have been done by a tramp Mon
day, when he was attacked by the 14
year-old brother of the child, after the
tramp had attempted to assault her.
Whatever may be the facts of the shoot-
Ing there 13 no excitement in the neigh
borhood nor threats of lynching. The
officers all agree to this. The Sheriff
and his deputies have been busy in the
chase, running down tramps ever since
the matter was reported. None of these
has been identified by the boy. While
the officers are reticent, it is a fact that
they are not entirely witlsfled with the
story that a tramp did the shooting.
Late last night the police arrested a
tramp who gives his name as Sullivan
and he Is held pending an Investigation.
The Cornu boy will be brought here to
face Sullivan. A conveyance has been
sent to the hills for this purpose. Sulli
van has been rather conflicting in his
statements.
George Brandt Dead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 12.— News ha 3
been received here of the death In San
Francisco of George Brandt, a formet
prominent resident of this town. He had
suffered for many years with a trouble
of the blood and it is believed this caused
his death. While living In Pacific Grove
he built the locally well-known Brandt
House now owned by the English scient
ist, T. W. Cowan. About a year ago Mr.
Brandt moved with his wife to San Fran
cisco, where he has since resided.
MRS. WEIR
TELLS OF COMFORT
that three*
'/a& «r brought her.
Bj£|££j& 8 Denver.
7 — y^ *&~—7— Dear Doc-
H v a y a n
JpA^-, cured me of
><siM3n>4 Nervous
**&>^t^»*Stw Prostration,
13^?I»I which waa
K'.vSj^' }&"l: complicated
ff?%2%}frya\'**t«2^ O 9* When I ba.i
jfOjfeplP'' I* taken but
( llftpllli^ Uevad^of ail
) ~^2S— -' ;\\i\ IJllPl , > tlm * «? X
fju^L If -VVi&'isr r regained my
!v\\ ¦=*«s!« fa three weeks'
IM \ V : M^^%^" tored me to
/K\h /'j J -'LlV* ; vsiJ perfect
/A^^vfte'3&* strength an.l
/J^ v Cw3S?Wi*>S appetite at*
!&^&^*£^k v-*ir restored an.l
w£^S£&j>lb.**£* lam well In
«*-t^s^^2^^^ eve^ry re-
MRS. T. L/WEIR.
Hudyan cures Nervousness, Dyapeoela.
Costlvenesa. Weakness. Paleness. Emaci-
ation, Dizziness, Nausea. Weak Back
Lois of Appetite, Palpitation of Heart
Despondency, Clouded Memory, Lack of
Energy. All-grone Feeling. Hudyan re-
lieves all pains - .. •
In women, Hudyan cures all uterine and
ovarian troubles, Leucorrhoea. painful
and lrregnlar periods.
The figures Indicate the weak potnts
when the nerves are letting down. Hud-
yan cures.
Hudyan— all dru^Jsts— 6oo a package.
Blx packages $2 EO. If your drug-fist does
not keep fit. send direct to Hudyan Rem-
edy Co., Cor. Stockton. ElUa and Market
BtB.. San Francisco* CaJ.
T CONSULT T Consult Free th.-
! FREE. I Hudyan Doctors. Call
¦? ? or writo to them.
COLONEL MAZUMA'S
MONTANA OPERATIONS
Sack Used in the Clark Senatorial
Contest Appears to Have Been
Bottomless.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.— There were
again four or five witnesses before the
Benate Committee on Privileges and Elec
•tlons to-day in connection with the at
tack upon the right of Senator Clark of
Montana to his beat in the Senate. One
of the witnesses. State Senator Myers,
produced a letter from C. W. Clark, son
of the Senator, telling him (Meyers) he
had forwarded $100 as a retainer for him
es attorney in connection with the coal
Interests of the Clarks. A dentist named
Ector also displayed letters from Senator
Clark himself referring to W. M, Bick
fcrd as a representative of his and stating
that while he (.Clark) knew nothing of
Ector's claims for services his policy was
to remunerate all that served him.
Probably the most important witness of
the <Jay was H. H. Garr, a member of
the Legislature, who had voted for Clark
for the Senate. He is one cf the men in
whose name money was turned over to
the State. Garr said while this money—
Ijo^D in $1000 bills— had been shown to him
by Whiteside and he had marked the en
velope containing It Whitesido had not
raid anything to him about voting for
Clark.
The committee began its session to-day
«:th a request from the prosecution to
have the books of the Thomas Cruse Sav
ings Bank at Helena, Mont., showing the
deposits of A. J. Davidson and a man
named Toole, brought befoii the commit
tee. The original subpena had only called
lor the deposit slips. The point was not
i.«"ciued.
ii. L. P. Ector. a dentist at Mlssoula.
\»as the first witness. He had participated
in the campaign In Havalii County In the
Interest of t. P. Wood, who was the Dem
ocratic candidate for the Legislature 'n
the last campaign, and a friend of Clark,
fcetor said he had acted at the instance of
Bickford, one of Clark's managers. Let
ters rrom Bickford were exhibited. In one
of these, written after the legislative elec
tion. Kickford referred to the presence of
"our friend" in Hamilton and asked Ector
to ascertain his tinar.ciai condition. Kctor
eaid "our friend" was Wood a.nd that he
replied to this letter sayins that his in
debtedness was JGSOU. ami that $7000 woulJ
probably be necessary to fettle all his
debts. Afterward Bickford had given him
J7'.«.i3 to give to Wood. He had then refused
to accept the money, teJling Bickford It
was "all off," us Wood had told him that
he could not afford to sell himself.
Th« witness said that liickford had
promised to pay him for his services, but
that no specific sum had been mentioned.
"He asked me how much I expected,"
ha;d the witness, "and I tuld him I wanted
all I could get out of It. X continued by
paying: 'So doubt you will make a stake
out ot it.' He asked me how 10 per cent
would rio. I said: 'That would be satis
lactory. as I have no doubt vuu will get
f^-t.OoO or $25.00u out of it.' "
It appeared that no settlement was
rnaSe ulth him by Bickford and that
bCtor wrote to Senator Clark about
the matter. There was a correspondence
*vith that gentleman, beginning December
10. IKfc, and closing November 8, ISSJ.
These loners were read to j-how that
Bkkford had been the agent of Clark ill
the Senatorial race. In the lirst letter
Clark said that the matter concerning
which Bctor had written him had Lee'i
It ft entirely in the hands of Bickford, and
that he would confer with that gentleman
concerning It.
In the second letter, dated January >S.
KG, Clark spoke of the fact that he had
Just, been ejected, sayinjr Bickford was
wild with joy. adding that, while he had
no personal knowledge as to what he had
done, he "never disappointed any one who
had ht-Sped him."
The !a«t statement was practically re
peated from Paris In April last, and In an
other Utter, written from New York on
November * last. In the New York letter
Clark taid he would refer Ector's matter
t" Bickford. ai;d in the Paris letter he
traid It was his desire "that ar.y one who
served him should be amply remuner
ated." One of the letters of the scri-s
was signed in typewriter, and the defense
objected to its admission. This objection
brought out the first division in the com
mittee. Senators McComas and Caffety
casting the only votes against admission.
Cross-examination was postponed until
the defense should look up the letters n.
co'.ved from Kctor.
Representative P. G. Sullivan, a mem
ber of the last Montana Legislature from
Granite County, testified that he had bern
approached by Bickford when he wen:
to Helena, previous to the meeting of the
Lf-riflature, and asked to vote for Clark.
"I eai-V' the witness testified, "thai I
might do so if there was enough in it. He
ask«-d how much. I said $2<j.000. He then
i - r ¦ ¦: me if half that amount would net
be enough. I replied 'No,' and we sepa
rated."
Sullivan caJd that afterward he acain
met Bickford an<i the latter Fuggesied
515.000. He told Bickford then that he
would not vote for Clark under any cir
cumstances, and saw no more of him.
Sullivan sa'.d his purpose had been to
lead Bickford on, and that he had not
expected to vote for Clark, even if the
, offer of $20,000 had been accepted. The
| witness said that he was now the pro
prietor of the Florence Hotel at Butte.
and the cross-examination was devoted
to showing that this hotel is owned large
ly by Marcus Daly. The witness said M
paid his rent to Mr. Hennessey, and did
not know whether or not Daly was the
owr.tr. He admitted that his patronage
was largely from among the miners of
the Anaconda mine, and counsel brought
I out the fact that, whereas, before the
| Legislature met the witness had been the
' proprietor of a saloon, paying $30 a month,
! he now pays $2000 a month for the Flor-
Anthony Dougherty of Helena proved to
be the llrst witness who was apparently
unwilling to testify. He was called with
the view of showing that he had allowed
a friend named Gallagher to occupy for
several days a room In the Brown block,
rented by himself, and that he had re
mained in the closet of the room and
ovocheard a conversation between A. J.
Steele and Representatives Gillette and
Flynn concerning the Senatorial election.
Dougherty declared that he had not re
mained in the closet and had heard no
such conversation, answering only "yes"
or "no" In reply to questions. He said he
had let Gallagher take the room and had
lived elsewhere while Gallagher occupied
it, but that he had seen or heard no one
there.
State Auditor Polndexter testified that
A. J. Steele had promised to give him
JoO.OOO to recure the vote of the three
members of the Legislature from IJeaver
head County for Clark, he (Polndexter) to
have $-5000 for his services, but that he
had never approached the members, be
cause he was opposed to Clark's election
and had agreed to see them for him only
to prevent others acting In the capacity
of go-between.
State Senator Myers was the next wit
ness. He was one of the members who
turned $10,000 over to the legislative com
mittee, stating that It had been put Into
Whiioside's hands for him on the condi
tion that he vote for Clark for Senator.
Myers detailed not only the place of his
takir.g the money, but also other circum
stances leading up to this episode. He
said that he had first been approached
after his election as Senator by Dr. S. W.
Minchall and W. M. Bickford, and his
vote for Clark requested. He had been
told by those men that if he would agree
to vote for Clark the latter would appoint
him attorney in connection with his coal
interests at Bridger. He said he had de
clined this offer, but, notwithstanding
this, he had received a letter from C. W.
Clark, son of the Senator, written from
Butte on December H, IS3S. This letter
was put Into evidence. In it Clark stated
that he had forwarded to Dr. Minchall
SoCQ as a "retainer for his services in the
Bridger coal mine."
Clark, Myers said, had afterward asked
him not to rt-ad the letter before the joint
Legislative Assembly.
Myers said that he had agreed to White
side's proposition to accept $10,000 from
Wellcome only for the purpose of expos-
Ing what he believed were efforts at brib
ery. He said he had received the money
from Whiteside. the latter saying Well
cnnie could not see him then. The witness
said that after the exposure in the Legis
lature be had been persuaded to go to see
A. J. Steele, when the latter, he saJd. had
tried to persuade him iirst to vote for
Clark, next to leave the State until after
the excitement over the Senatorial race
had subsided and, lastly, to sign a state
ment denying his connection with the ex
posure and contradicting his own testi
mony before the legislative committee
In each case Steele had asked him if there
were any inducement or consideration
which would secure his assent, and he
had replied that there was not.
Myers said that Mark Hewitt had of
fered him $10,000 to vote for Clark, saying
Charley Clark had authorized him to
make the proposition. The latter had told
htm. he said, that he could put up $10,000
with Whiteside. to be paid to him In case
he voted lor Clark.
i dp last witness of the day was Henry
E. Garr. a member of the Legislature
from Flathead County, Montana. He is
one of the members of the Legislature in
who-je name money was turned over to
the legislative investigating committee by
Whireside and the only or.o of them who
afte/ward voted for Clark for the Senate.
Inferring to his transactions with
Whiteslde, the witness said Whlteslde had
betn a warm supporter of his and he had
listened respectfully when Whlteside had
asked him to go to his room and had com
plied with his request, when Whlteslde
had apked him to mark for Identification
an envelope containing $5000 In JlOOO bills
which "Whiteside had brought to him at
the Hotel Helena during the session of the
Legislature last winter. He had no rea
son for doing this except his confidence
In W hiteside and the additional fact that
he himself was an "egregious ass." He
had, however, put his initials on the en
velope exhibited yesterday to the com
mittee as the one so marked. He declared
that Whiteside had never said anything
to him about voting for Clark and that
he had kept his promise to Conrad's
friends to vote for Conrad as long' as he
had a chance of election. He pronounced
Judge D. F Smith that he was to vote
for Clark and receive $COOO for so doing
FAVORABLE REPORT ON
HEPBURN'S CANAL BILL
House Committee Practically Unani
mous in Support of the
Measure.
WASHINGTON. . Jan. . 12.— The House
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce ordered a favorable report
on the Hej>burn bill for the construction
of the Nlcaraguan Canal. The bill Is
practically the same as that reported by
this committee In the last Congress.
There was some discussion about tho ad
visability of delaying action, on the bill
until the Isthmian Canal Commission had
reported, but this was finally regarded as
unnecessary, and all the members except
Fletcher of Mississippi voted to report the
bill favorably. Fletcher Bald his silence
should not be construed as opposition to
the measure, but merely as a reservation
of his right to support or oppose it after
further consideration. The committee
made some changes in the original bill,
inserting a new section 3 and making ver
bal alterations. As finally agreed to the
bill Is as follows:
To provide for the construction of a canal
connecting the waters of the Atlantic and
Pacific 'oceans.
Section 1. That the President of the. United
States be an.} is hereby authorized to ac
quire from the States of Costa Rica and Nic
aragua, for and in behalf of the United States,
control of such portion of the territory now
belonglnß to Cista Rica and Nlcarajruu as may
br» desirable and necessary on which to exca
vate, construct and defend a canal of such
depth and capacity as will be sufficient for the
movements of ships of the greatest tonnage and
draught now In use from a point near Grey
town. on the Caribbean Sea, via Lake Nicara
gua, to Breto. on the Pacific Ocean; and such
sums as may be necessary to secure such con
trol are hereby appropriated out of any money
in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Section 2. Provided that the President
has secured full control over the territory la
section X referred to- he shall direct Secre
tary of War to excavate and construct a canai
and waterway from a point on the shore or tna
Caribbean Sea. near Greytown. by way ot_Nlca
raxua. to a point near Breto. on the Pacific
Ocean. Such canal shall be of sufficient ca
pacity and depth so that It may be used by
vessels of the largest tonnage and greatest
depth now in use. and shall be supplied wim
all necessary locks and other appliances to
meet the necessities of vessels passing from.
Greytown to Breto. and the Secretary of War
shall also construct such safe and commodious
harbors at the termini of said canal and suet*
fortifications for defense as will be required for
safety and protection of said canai and har-
Sectlon 8. Provided that the President shall
cause such surveys as may t>e necessary for
said canal and harbors and In the constructing
of the same.
Section 4. Provided that in tho excavation
and construction of paid canal the San Juan
River and Lake Nicaragua, or such parts o.
each as may be made available, shall be used.
Section 5. Provided that In any negotiations
with the States of Costa Rica or Nicaragua
which the President may have the President
Is authorized to. guarantee to said States th*
use of said canal and harbora. upon suc!i
terms as may be agreed upon, for all vessel;*
owned by said States or by citizens thereof.
Section 6. Provided that the sum of 1140.0*).
000 or so much thereof ai may be necessary.
Is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated for the
completion of the work herein authorized. SaM
money to be drawn from the treasury from
time to time as the same shall be needed, upon
warrants of the President, based on estimates
made and verified by the chief engineer In.
charre of the work and approved by the Sec
retary of War.
. THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SATURDAY, JANTJAEY 13, 1900.
BRAVERY SHOWN BY
THE BRITISH SOLDIERS
Some Ttirilling Inoidents of tlie
Battles of Q-reis JPetn and
dodder Piiver.
There is no square rood within this ex
tinct paradise that does not bear wit
ness of the fec-i.ul effect of modern
weapons.",
The conduct of the marine naval
brigade at Gras Pan Is a source of un
ending praise from all correspondents.
The Times' representative at that" battle
writes: "The naval brigade advanced in
extended order, but then converging upon
volced the foregoing sentiment when ques
tioned on tho subject to-day, adding: "Ap
parently the London Government has
tried to expedite matters, but the Durban
authorities are unduly slow, seeming to be
determined to open the last box of the
Bundesrath's cargo in order to avoid an
admission- of error." ... ... N^.'IWV
The Fleet Society continues to agitate
vigorously in favor of. the naval bill. Its
i|||||i Weak
There ia nothing like ELECTRICITT to put
llf». vim and vigor ir.to weak men or women
Drugs give but temporary relief; act merely as
a stimulant, but Electricity flies to all weak
parts of the body, imoartlne nature" 9 force
thereto and 'loins the required work surely and
In a permanent manner. If "run down" In,
health and strength you had better try Elec-
tricity. Use an Electric Belt, for that U the
best method of applying; It: but be sure you get
a good one while you are about It: in short try
"Dr. Pterce's." for It Is guaranteed to be the
best Electric Belt on earth.
No. r! free at office or sent by
mall for a 2c stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
58 Tribune Buildlr.s. NEW TORK.
visjt OR, JORDAN'S gbeat^
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
C The Largest Anatomical Museum in th« \
mtS Wo»id Wei*n»i'.es ot any contracted a
SKr UN diiease t*-illi««-l)>ear«rf}. r the oldct ~
tfJSF h 0R - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
ISl;>srt ton«ul!«tion fire and rtrtrrir private \
I U#H Tn Itmcnl perv.nally or hy Wtttr. A M
B V *Cl C? Po*.ti»» Curt In every casaundertaJiea. T
9 U II & Write for Book. MILOtaPBYtti
1 1 * XtHnUUK. MAtLXO VXBB. i«f
n JL valuable book for mra) \
OR. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. a P 9
2POLICE TRACKING
A COUNTERFEITER
Believed to Be Ex-Con
vict Reeves.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 12.— The Identity of
the mysterious stranger who entered a
store here about a week ago and passed
off several counterfeit dollars is at last
established almost beyond all shadow of a
doubt. The man is supposed to be Rich
ard Reeves, a convict, who was dis
charged from San Quentln on January 4.
Reeves had served a three-year sentence
for passing counterfeit money in Los
Angeles. So sure are the authorities that
he is the man that a warrant has been is
sued for his arrest.
On the Bth of January a man entered
the butcher store kept by Otto Smith and
bought a chicken, for which he tendered
a dollar and left the store. Half an hour
later the dollar was found to be a falsa
one. The next day the stranger made his
appearance In Martin's grocery store and
called for a dozen oranges. He was about
to give a dollar to the clerk when Otto
Smith, who happened to be in the store at
the time, recognized ih him the customer
of the night before and warned the clerk
to beware of him. Accordingly the dollar
was "rung" by the clerk and was prompt
ly found to be false. Smith Immediately
taxed the man with passing bad money
the preceding night. The man seemed
confused, and although the jingle of sil
ver was heard in his pockets he told the
two clerks to wait and after a short time
reappeared with a ten-dollar gold piece.
Martin's clerk changed it and the man
paid Smith a dollar out of the change.
That evening the rumor got about that
Guard Machado was the man who had.
tendered the counterfeits, but later devel
opments point to his double, Reeves, as
the man.
Reeves is a heavily built man of about
45. His face is remarkable for its heavy
eyebrows, in which he resembles tho
guard. His extraordinary likeness to
Machado was a matter of comment at the
prison, and the officials there are all con
vinced he Is tho man. The explanation
tendered by him of the way he came to
get the money shows he was familiar with
the prison. When Otto Smith charged
him with passing the bad money he said
he was a guard and professed to have
borrowed the money of one of his col
leagues.
WHY THE SHIPPING
BILL SHOULD PASS
Senate Committee Hears
Arguments.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day began
hearings on Senator Frye's bill to pro
mote the commerce and increase the for
eign trado of the United States and to
provide auxiliary cruisers, transports and
seamen for Government uhe when neces
sary — the measure popularly known as the
subsidy bill.
Senator Frye, chairman of the Com
merce Committee, presided and made a
general statement of the efforts which
have been made during the past few years
to advance the interests of the American
merchant marine.
Former Senator G. E. Edmunds, attor
ney or the committee of those interested
in the shipping interests of the country,
made an explanation of the pending bill.
Edmunds said one of the objects of the
measure was to place vessels of American
register upon an equal footing with for
eign-built vessels in the trade with Cuba.
Porto Rico, Hawaii and the Philippines.
The compensation to be paid American
vessels amounted to no more, as Ameri
cans never asked for anything more than
fair play. In referring to the Philippines,
he said that, as an antl-expanslonist, he
was bound to recognize the facts as they
existed. The United States had expanded
and it was necessary to regulate our busi
ness affairs accordingly.
Another object was to provide for fast
vessels of large capacity, not only that
they should be able to carry great car
goes to ports of destination quickly, but
that they should be capable of being
changed quickly into defenders of the
country and its interests. This, too, as an
anti-expansionist, he recognized as neces
sary for the protection not only of our
commerce, but. also of our dominions, and
he would not hesitate, he said, to put
$20,000,000 or $25,000,000 into a plan to ac
complish the end 3 the bill had in view.
A long discussion was precipitated by
an inquiry of Senator Martin as to why
it was provided by the bill that SO per cent
of a ship applying for register and the
subsidy should be owned by Americans.
Edmunds regarded the provision as neces
sary to insure practical American owner
ship and control.
Cnalrman Frye said it was the principle
of the bill to bring under the United
States flag American-owned ships, manned
by Americans, which had been compelled
by tinanclal considerations to sail under a
foreign flag. The vessels under the Amer
ican flag would be able to successfully
compete with foreign ships only because
of tile subsidy provided for In the pending
Louis Nixon, a ship builder of Eliza
bethport, N. J., said that American ship
owners had a monopoly of the coastwise
trade, but the pending bill had little to do
with that. It was the trade on the ocean
with foreign ports which it was proposed
to get. The cost of vessels and their oper
ation under the American flag were much
greater than they were in Europe. They
could be built here as cheaply as any na
tion could build them. There were reasons
for thi3 which did not apply to merchant
vessels.
Nixon said that If he were given abso
lutely free materials and free labor— the
contract law being repealed— he would be
able to compete successfully with foreign
ship builders; but he hoped this would not
be done.
Nixon thought it particularly desirable
to encourage and build up the American
tramp steamers— those vessels which are
so essential to the building up of the car
rying trade of the nation.
W. D. Munson of New York, president
of the Munson Steamship line, believed
that if the bill passed the American ship
builders would rise to the occasion and
soon establish a great merchant marine.
He declared it would be impossible for his
company to use American vessels under
present conditions.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE:.
ARRIVED.
Friday. January 13.
Stmr Matteawan, CroacuD. 90 hour* from Ta-
C ° ma \ SAILED.
• Friday. January 13.
Stmr Aloha, Jorzenson. Crescent Cltw.
Come Just to See.
Lovely Premiums Given Free.
Great American Jniporn'ni Tea Co.
•Stores EYerrwherc
zoo Stores*
REVOLUTIONARY FORCES
WINNING IN VENEZUELA
Government Troops Beaten in Battles
With the Followers of Her
nandez.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Hor
ftld. Copyrighted. 1900. by James Gordon
Bennett.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad. Jan. 12.— 1t
is announced here upon apparently good
authority that notwithstanding the offi
cial statement of the Venezuelan Govern
ment that the revolution In that country
was at an end, the insurrection is still
active.
It is declared that two days after the
Government had announced the revolu
tion crushed General Hernandez inflicted
a severe defeat upon the Government
troops at El Naipe. Tho same authority
says the rebels took many prisoners and
captured 562 Mauser rilles, sixty-eleht
cases of cartridges, many flags, seven
cannon and three Maxims, while the Gov
ernment loss in killed was heavy.
Reports yesterday from the east coast
of Venezuela say that the revolutionists
under Generals Antonio Neci and Jose
Diaz have successfully attacked the Gov
ernment forces, which retired. Seven of
the Government troops were killed and
ten were wounded.
Among those killed was Domingo Ned
brother of the revolutionary leader. *
It is also reported that the Government
troops have been surrounded at Guera by
revolutionists under General Ducharme
Mrs. Filben Injured.
Special DUpatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 12.— Mrs. Fllben.
wife of Dr. Thomas Fllben, the present
superintendent and moral and prudential
manager of Pacific Grove, has Just met
with a serious accident While descend
ing a flight of steps at her home in this
city her foot caught in such. a way that
she was thrown the whole length of the
AH HONG SOBBED
AS HE LEFT PRISON
Must Return vto China Without the
Highly Prized Pig-
Tail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTTN PRISON. Jan. 12.— A
new idiosyncrasy of the Oriental charac
ter revealed Itself here to-day when Ah
Hong, who was leaving the prison after
serving a fourth term of ninety days for
grand larceny, flung himself weeping on
the neck of the United States Marshal and
blubbered out in mingled Chinese and
English his grief at leaving and gratitude
for several little kindnesses shown him
by his guards. 4 . . t
Ah Hong has four times seen the Inte
rior of San Quentln, and the thought that
he would never again gaze on its gray
walls or watch the busy workers in verti
cal stripes raising vegetables and weav
ing sacks while a uniformed guard paced
close by proved too much for his Oriental
feelings and he wept.
Ah Hong is to be deported, and nere, say
the flinty hearted prison authorities, lies
the cause of his grief. Ah Hong has no
queue. Like little 80-Peep's muttons, he
will re-enter the Flowery Kingdom minus
his caudal appendage. What fate will be
fall him on his return without the yard of
silk and hair is veiled In mystery. He
may lose his head as he has lost Its chief
adornment.
DANCE IN HONOR OF
MISS MARY CROCKER
Brilliant Social Affair at the Home of
Mrs. Whitelaw Beid in
New York.
Special dispatch to The Call. v :- r
NEW YORK, 'Jan. 12.— A brilliant dance
was given by Mrs- Whltelaw Reid this
evening in honor of Miss Mary Crocker.
Invitations were issued for 13 o'clock, but
it was an bour later before dancing was
begun In the beautiful music room, which
is also the ballroom. Mrs. Reid, who wore
white satin appliqued with gold and a
necklace and ornaments of pearls, and
Vllua OnflV" <» whiffy tllllA. re£alv*d * K^
Laaliu Dfilms
Does your back
ache? Have you
dull. dragging
pains below your
kidneys? Do you
feel tired and al-
ways want to sit
I down? If you do.
you will find
quick and won-
derful relief In
my Electric Belt.
It Is nature's
remedy for these
troubles. Tho
Dr. Mclaughlin Method
of applying electricity glvea me power to
send the strengthening current directly t*
the worn-out muscles, to give them new
life, cause a better circulation, and in a
few days a permanent cure. You wear It
while you sleep.
Call and test It free. If you can't. I
will send you my booklet free, telling
about it.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
703 Market St., cor. Keamy. S. T.\ Burdlci
block, cor. Spring and Second sts.. Lea Angeles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is the only way in which the business
¦woman, employed ia store or office, can
get open air ex- iimj|«v«iwaiM,i I vEMMi,
- 1 was T«-ry sick I , s. // ( Vs}fr&
lad-ed." write* , "T-* : -\ -ZT ¦•^eSSfC^
Mrs. Moliie Jacobs, [j | j ji -\ '• ~UJ%r \
cf Felton. Kent Co.. Ijl '•i(ir x> -^.
I>ela*rar*. •'•nd j 1 t I'jjij \JS~ — i —
oor ferally doctor ji i 1i 1 iMj |Ti'»^i y^r^i 1
«dd i tad coa- i y v mga ™
m notion. I2 M ?C!
thoafff.t I a«wr die 1 ; c;l ! jK&rfl I
•oon for I leit »o jj i| lySß^ii'!!! II If
• wftil bad. H«d n ' ' ' JU.niliiai
bad ccrurb. spit blood, and was very short of
breath. I h«a pains in my chest and right lung,
also fcod dyspejjsla. Before I took your ' Golden
Medical Discovery ' and '. Pleasant Pellets 1 I was
to wtit I could not sweep a room, now I can
do a small washing. I feel like a new person.*
Dr. Pierces Pellets cure heart-bu:
WITTHAUS POSITIVE
BARNET WAS POISONED
Very Little Evidence of Importance
Given at the Molineux
Trial.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— The proceedings
to-day In the trial of Roland B. Mollneux
for the murder of Mrs. Katherlne J. Ad
ams were comparatively uninteresting.
Harry S. Cornish and Mrs. Florence E.
Rogers were recalled for the purpose of
identifying the glass from which Mrs.
Adams drank the poisoned bromo-seltzer
and for the purpose of testifying in detail
regarding the incidents which caused the
death of the victim. Herman J. Witte, a
Cincinnati lawyer and a former assistant
to the Chief of Detectives In the Ohio me
tropolis, was called to Identify a letter
which he obtained from the Vannohl Com
pany in Cincinnati. The letter is what Is
known as a bogus Cornish letter and con
tained a request for a "five-day trial rem
edy."
The witness also identified other bogus
letters obtained from the VannohL Com
pany, also for the "five-day trial remedy,"
and signed "H. C. Barnet." r —
Professor Witthaus again made his ap
pearance on the witness stand and testi
fied In great detail concerning the amount
of poison which he found In the body of
Mrs. Adams. Being asked the cause of
the death of Mr 3. Adams, he replied, "Poi
son—hydrocyanic poison."
Professor Witthaus in conclusion said
that the cause of Barnet's death was poi
son, In tho absence of violence, and when
asked if he would place his Judgment
against the Judgment of the attending
phvslcian If the latter testified that the
palient died of diphtheria, replied in the
affirmative.
Halla May Be Insane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Jan. 12.— Mrs. August
Halla. the wife of the dairyman who mys
teriously disappeared over a week ago
with a large sum of money on his person,
believes that her husband has gone mad
and is living the life of a wild man in th*»
mountains. It was last Friday that Con
Bledebach and another Pasadenan travel
ing in the mountains saw a man about 30
years of age. with a sandy complexion
hnd wearing a cap, roaming about a lone
ly canyon near Swltzer's Camp, a sum
mer resort now deserted for the season.
Bledebach says the man stared at them
like a maniac, and when they approached
him ran away. They found where he had
stamped a small area In the grass and
had laid down rags to sleep on. Strewn
about the place were bits of orange peel
and seeds of dried prunes, suggesting
what the wild man had been trying to
subsist on. ' When officers went In search
of the man they found the signs of his
having been In the place, but could not
locate him. Mrs. Halla, the wife, says
that Bledebach's description of the nnm
he saw tallies very well with that of her
husband. Though the Hallas had b^en
very comfortable, since the disappsar
ance of the man of the family the wife
and four young children are destitute. Thp
oldest girl. Minna, is 6 years, Aur'ist is 4.
Henry 1^ years and Ralph a 2-months-olil
babe. One of the children Is paralyzed.
The family cannot speak much English
and has been temporarily residing with
Mrs. Charles Perry, who Is also German.
Mrs. Perry says they must leave her, as
she does not feel she should support them,
and Is afraid that the wild man may re
turn from the mountains at any time and
murder them all.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Bills Presented by California Delega
tion, Postoffice Changes and List
of Pensions Granted.
Ej>*clal Dispatch to The CsJl
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.— The House
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day decid
ed to report favorably on the bill provid
ing that the dry dock at Mare Island
Navy Yard be constructed of stone in
stead of wood. Representative Metcatf
has been active in the advocacy of this,
and the committee, after hearing his ar
gument, presenting the views of the Navy
Department favoring the same, adopted
the bill.
The House Committee on Judiciary to
day named its sub-committees, and Rep
resentative Kahn was placed on that hav
ing charge of the investigation of trusts.
All legislation relative to trusts will be
referred to this committee and the report
of the industrial commission will be con
sidered by It.
Representative Waters to-day Intro
duced bills removing the charge of deser
tion from the military records of B. F.
Moore and Monevllle Merchon of Los
Angeles.
Representative de Vries to-day Intro
duced a bill amending the revised statutes
and granting the ri^nt of way over public
land for canals, reservoirs, etc. The bill
proposes to allow settlers in Vqscmite,
Sequoia and General Grant National
parks this privilege.
Representatives Kahn and De Vries to
day presented to the House resolutions
adopted by the California Fruit Growers'
Association protesting against the adop
tion of the French and Jamaican treaties.
It Is hardly probable that either of these
treaties will be considered by the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee for some
time to come, as Reciprocity Commis
sioner Kasson left Washington to-day for
the South on account of ill health. The
members of the California delegation are
highly elated over the number of Senators
who have expressed their views on the
various treaties now under consideration,
and it is confidently asserted by them that
the French, Jamaican and Argentine
treaties will be repudiated by the Senate
and will never reach the House. Repre
sentatives Kahn and De Vrles also pre
sented the memorial of the Fruit Grow
ers' Association favoring the construction
of the Nlcaraguan Canal.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
Postofnce for the month of December, 1839,
was $33,748, against $101,754 for the same
month in 1838, showing a decrease of $8006.
The Los Angeles Postoflice shows receipts
of $21,274, against $22,209, an increase of
$2065.
The Secretary of the Treasury to-day
recommended to Congress the establish
ment of an extra lighthouse district for
the purpose of operation on the coast of
Alaska.
The Civil Service Commission will hold
an examination In San Francisco on
March 1 for a wheelwright and saddler at
the Presidio. The salaries of each will be
$C 0 prr month.
J. R. McDonald, clerk in the Redding
Postoffice, has been removed by order of
the Postmaster General.
Mary K. Howe has been appointed clerk
in the Custom-house at San Francisco.
Pensions for Callfornians: Increase—Jo
seph R. Turner. San Francisco, $8 to $12.
Mitchell's Will Found.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 12.-The will of the
late R. T. Mitchell of Windsor, who left
a big estate in this county, was found to
da ,V.> At i h^ t L me of hlB death a search
failed to find the will and an administra
tor was appointed. The deceased in the
document discovered leaves $1000 to each
of his three children and the residue of
the estate to his wife during her lifetime.
It ,. h « vv l rt , s t0 tl \? cht'd^n. The will
will be filed for probate in the Superior
Court and the proceedings of administra
tion will be withdrawn.
Seeking to Check Hazing.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.-Representa
tive Lloyd of Missouri to-day introduced
a bill to change the oath of a cadet of
the Military Academy so as to require
him on admission to the Institution to sub
scribe to an oath that he will abstain
from the practice of any form of hazing
while at the academy.
PLAGUE VICTIMS AT
THE HAWAIIAN CAPITAL
Eight Additional Deaths Reported
and All Honolulu Is Under
Quarantine.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. -The State De
partment has been informed by Mr. Hey
wood, United States Agent at Honolulu,
under date of January 1, that eight deaths
have occurred from the bubonic plague at
Honolulu Hince the last telegraphic re
port, December 26, which announced three
deaths from that cause. Mr. Heywood
reports that the entire city of Honolulu
Is quarantined.
LAND FOR THE COLONY.
Russians Inspect Ranch Property at
Paso Robles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 12.— R. E. Jack
stated in an interview this evening that
A. Bodyunsky, V. Potapoff and F. Barns
off, three Russians representing a colony
of 7000 Slavs, and W. H. Holabird of Los
Angeles, Interpreter, are at Paso Robles.
These gentlemen have been looking at
some ranch property in this county with
the view of founding a colony. While they
are favorably impressed with this
county no decision has yet been made for
a location here. Count Tolstoi Is said to
have subscribed $10,000 to aid the project
and the Southern Pacific Company will
grant certain favors to colonizers and
colonists.
Relief Corps Organized.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 12.— 1n antici
pation of the department encampment of
the Grand Army of the Republic, which
the local Grand Army veterans hope to
bring to Pacific Grove in 1901, a chapter of
the Women's Relief Corps of the Grand
Army of the Republic was organized In
this city last night. Mrs. Buckets of th«
General Sol Meridlth Corps No. S7 of Sui
sun organized the new corps and Installed
the officers. Mrs. Elizabeth S. Worthing
ton was chosen president; Mrs. Colonel H.
D. Talcott, first vice president, and Miss
Emma Dawley, secretary. Other corps
officers were also elected and Installed.
The new corps is to be known as the Lu
cius Fairchlld Women's Relief Corps, and
additional to the usual duties of organiza
tions of this kind Its present duty is to bo
the furtherance of efforts to secure for
this place the next annual department en
campment of the Grand Army of the Re
public. The members of the corps include
residents of Monterey, Pacific Grove and
Oak Grove.
CLUBHOUSE DEDICATED.
Los Angeles "Women Hang a Crane in
a New Building.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.— This morning
an Informal home-coming was the feature
of the meeting of the Los Angeles Friday
Club of Women. The new clubhouse,
built In the mission style of architecture
with a typical California exterior, was
dedicated by the hanging of the crane in
the immense fireplace. This was done by
Mrs J. F. Sartori. who Is responsible for
the erection of the house, costing $18,500.
The ceremony had a double significance,
as it was the 80th birthday of Mrs. C. M.
Severance, the president of the first
woman's club In America. The clubhouse
will be formally opened January 19. when
the club women of Los Angeles and other
cities will attend the dedication.
CHIEF SPOTTED TAIL DEAD.
Noted Sioux Sachem Passes Away at
the Age of Eighty-Nine.
PARIS. Jan. 12.— Spotted Tall, the well
known Sioux Chief, who has been here
exhibiting, died of heart disease yester
day, aged S9 years.
Sale of Globe Bank Assets.
BOSTON, Jan. 12.— At a meeting of the
Boston Clearing-house Association to-day
it was voted to sell the collateral held as
security for the $3,500,000 In Clearing-house
certificates Issued to the Globe National
Bank before its collapse. ',
MALIETOA TANU
TO THE POWERS
Denounces the Partition
LONDON, Jan. 12.— Malietoa Tanu. In a
letter to the London Times, published to
day, inclosing copies of the protest he
addressed to the United States. Great
Britain and Germany against the Samoan
treaties, characterizes the partition of Sa
moa as a gross violation of the treaties
and as a crime against the law of na
tions only equal to the dismemberment
of Poland, Denmark and France. He
thinks that if it is for the great powers
to promote wars and annexations to dis
tract the minds of the peoples then The
Hague conference was the greatest farce
of the century.
The writer also asserts that the civil
ization introduced by the great powers in
their annexations in the South Seas, Af
rica and elsewhere is inferior to the prim
itive state of the countries stolen, leading
to war through breach of faith on the
part of the government officials and to
the decimating of the peoples by conta
gious diseases and spirituous liquors. Ho
continues: #
The missionaries who graced our country
with their holy and unholy presences introduced
the same rclicious differences and hatreds
against each other as pertained at the hour in
civilized states. The missionaries live In pala
tial concrete houses, with all the luxuries their
countries can afford, and charge us for Bibles
and prayer books, which, we understand, are
6ent as free offerings.
Malietoa Tanu further charges the mls T
sionarles with extracting all the money
possible from them, in return for which
they received only a Bible, a prayer book
or a "Pilgrim's Progress." He charges
the Wesleyan missionaries with having
collected £27,000 at a single meeting at
Tonga, adding:
The missionaries aroused a great spirit of em
ulation, telling the natives that the largest giv
ers would bo the most acceptable In the sight
of God, thus reversing the eplrlt of the "wid
ow's mite."
The Samoan chief concludes:
"These be thy gods, O Israel."
t*. , .... MAUETOA.
Faalcsrolal, Samoa.
HAVANA OFFICIAL
OUSTED BY WOOD
Supreme Court Fiscal in
Disgrace.
HAVANA. Jan. 12.— "Federlco Mora,
Fiscal of the Supreme Court. 13 hereby
removed from office for the good of the
public service. This removal 13 the re
sult of an investigation into the condi
tions existing in the administration of
justice under his supervision."
The foregoing official order was handed
to Senor Mora this morning by Governor
General Wood. Senor Mora's fall has
been predicted ever since the first case
was brought against the customs officials,
and the disgraceful condition of the
prisons, especially as affecting those
awaiting trial, has been generally charged
against him. For some time it has been
said that Mora ha 3 been devoting too
much attention to social affairs and too
little to his duties. General Wood's in
vestigation has shown that the office of
the Supreme Court Fiscal is largely re
sponsible for a number of the untried
cases, and that not only Mora but others
In the Department of Justice have been
persistently trying to block the charges
against customs officials whom Collector
Bliss is anxious to prove guilty of whole
sale bribery and corruption.
Every possible influence has been exert
ed to protect the Incriminated men Irom
the punishment which is their due. But
the public has scarcely been willing to
believe that high officials of the rank of
Mora have been implicated.
Senor Andrade and Senor Pierra are
prominently mentioned as possible suc
cessors in the fiscalship. General Wood
is particularly desirous of securing the
services of an able and honest lawyer, an
Indefatigable worker and a man whose
loyalty to the Cuban cause Is unquestion
able Senor Andrade has a strong politi
cal backing, but by many he is consid
ered too vigorously anti-American, benor
Pierra was formerly the editor ot the In
dependencla. His loyalty to the Cuban
cause Is unquestioned, and, as he lived
many years in the United States, he is
friendly to the Americans. Either ap
pointment probably would be popular
with the people.
guests. Quantities of roses were in the
decorations. A center piece of pink roses
was placed on each of the supper ta
bles, which were set in the dining room
and adjoining the foyer.
The cotillon was danced after supper.
Several couples participated, led by
Worthington Whitehouse and Miss
Crocker. The favors represented a num
ber of pretty articles designed to be use
ful as well as ornamental, such as gold
stickpins and hatpins, silver vinaigrettes,
brocaded workbags and handsome satin
sashes. There were also some small cop
ies of old English prints framed in gold.
After the cotillon a light buffet supper
was served.
VAN COPP IN PASADENA.
Is Investigating the Charges Made
Against Mrs. Scribner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Jan. 12.— A. H. Van Copp.
the well-known New York attorney. Is In
the city to represent Mrs. Lucy Scribner.
who is named as corespondent in the suit
of Mrs. Dr. J. C. Fraser against her hus
band for divorce. The attorney who cam«
so far In the interests of the widow of the
prominent publisher is investigating all
of Mrs. Fraser's charges, which are to the
effect that Mrs. Scribner and the doctor
traveled together across the continent and
at several times were guilty of undue in
timacy. All parties concerned in the case
are firm in their determination to prose
cute it to the last extreme, though many
of their frier.d 3 urge that the matter
might be settled out of court.
Daniels Is Hopeful.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.— 11. J. Daniela.
the representative of the various commer
cial bodies of Southern California who 13
In Washington for the purpose of defeat
ing the proposed treaty with Jamaica on
its relation to tariff on citrus fruits, tele
graphed to-day that the outlook for the
defeat of the measure la favorable since
the recess of Congress and he hopes to
see the matter settled soon.
Runaway Boy Arrested.
LOS ANGFXES, Jan. 12.— Another Oak
land youth has been taken in by the po
lice of this city. His name is Leslie
Xoble, but he refused to tell who his par
ents are except that they live in Oakland.
He freely admits that he i 3 "on the road."
The police magistrate gave him a sen
tence of live days.
SCHWARTZ NOT
THE DEFAULTER
Rosenbaum's Ex-Book
keeper Exonerated.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON, Jan. -12.— There Is a myste
rious shortage in the accounts of D. S.
Rosenbaum & Son. A sensational rumor
was started to-day Involving the name
of Edward D. Schwartz, until recently the
bookkeeper for Rosenbaum & Son, but
there was more sensation than fact in it,
as shown from an interview with Mr.
Rosenbaum himself. Mr. Schwartz is well
connected, is a popular young man and
has been the trusted office employe of the
company for nine years, during all of
which period he enjoyed the esteem anl
confidence of his employers and handled
the firm's financial acounts to their sat
isfaction.
Schwartz Is no longer In the firm's em
ploy, having been discharged recently for
an altogether different cause, and It Is
supposed the rumor started from that
fact.
"I discharged him because he was ir
regular," said Mr. Rosenbaum to-day.
"Sometimes he would not show up for
work, and as he continued in his irregu
larity after being spoken to a number cf
times, he was dismissed from his position.
We have no proof Implicating Air.
Schwartz, and don't intend to have the
books experted. Mr. Schwartz denies em
phatically any knowledge of the shortage,
and we do not know exactly how much
money has disappeared. As far as I have
looked into the matter there is a shortage
of $2300 but 1 guess there is between $3000
and $40u0 all told." •
Speaking of Mr. Schwartz's irregularity
In showing- up for work. Mr. Rosenbaum
stated that since the bookkeeper's retire
ment he had heard that Schwartz was in
the habit of keeping fast company, the
company being of the feminine sort.
BUCKLES ROASTS
DEBTORS LAW
Releases Defendant on
a Technicality.
SUISUX, Jan. 12.— John Steiner of Val
lejo recently sued John Plageman to re
cover $424 due him in accordance with a
decision In the Justices' Court of Val
lejo. Plaintiff alleged that he was un
able to obtain the same by reason of the
defendant's fraudulent acts. Plageman
was arrested and released on a writ of
habeas corpus. Steiner then filed an affi
davit on second application for the arrest
of Plageman. Defendant's attorney made
a motion to set aside the order for the
arrest on the following grounds:
First — Want of jurisuiction, because a
second arrest cannot be made of a de
fendant in a civil action before a judg
ment.
Second— Want of jurisdiction, because
the name of John Plageman is not set
out in the body of the aifldavit for order
of arrest.
Third— Want of jurisdiction, because
where an affidavit for an arrest in a
civil action is made on information and
belief it must state the facts on which
the information is founded and the reason
for not producing the affidavits of the In
formants.
Judge Buckles has rendered a decision
discharging defendant from custody In
which he says:
"The arrest of a defendant In a civil
action, although authorized by the laws
of this State, is but the scabby, miser
able, lecherous lineal descendant of that
villainous law of barbarous times which
allowed a man to be imprisoned for debt.
In my opinion every step required by the
statute to be taken in order to land tho
defendant in jail must be strictly followed
and no single requirement of the statute
omitted.
"So far as I am able to learn from the
authorities cited this question has only
been before our Supreme Court one«, and
that the very early case of McCilvey vs.
Moorhead, 2 Cal. eO7. The court there
said: 'When a party is once arrested and
discharged he cannot be arrested again
in the same action. It Is always pre
sumed that the plaintiff In his affidavit
for arrest has stated his case as fully
as ho can to effect his object.' Counsel
for plaintiff maintains, however, that
from the wording of section 481, Code of
Civil Procedure, the order of arrest may
be made as many times as a proper show
ing Is made to the court. The section
reads: 'The order may be made whenever
it appears to the Judge,' etc., but the all
sufficient answer to this is that when the
case of McCilvey vs. Moorhead was de
cided the statute, as far as the point in
volved is concerned, read exactly as it
does now. Of course the order of arrest
could not be made until the affidavit was
first made, and under the ruling In the
case cited the word whenever as used in
the said section simply means that the
order of arrest cannot be made until there
Is an affidavit of arrest."
HEEDS OF THE
NORMAL SCHOOL
Quarterly Meeting of the
Trustees.
STANDARD TO BE RAISED
KOBE CHABGE, AGAINST MBS.
ri^ACE.
Mrs. Kelly Alleges That the Teacher
Refused Her Daughter a Diploma
on Purely Personal
Grounds.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 12.— The board of trus
tees of the State Normal School met in
regular quarterly session her«
to-day. There were present Trus
tees H. C. Brown (chairman). G.
\\\ Pif-rce, George A. Sweigert and V.
\V. Leavitt. State Superintendent Kirk.
Principal McNaughton and Miss Elizabeth
Blaisdel. secretary.
The features of the meeting wer»
charges of prejudice made against Mr«.
C. L. Place of the training school by Mrs.
SI. P. Kelly, and the adoption of a resolu
tion which givts the faculty power to
Increase the standard demanded of stu
dents for admission.
Miss Maud Mariner, president of the
Ftudem body, ctked that the basket-ball
court be enlarged. This was refened to
the executive committee.
Trustee Pierce stated that George
Schultzberg, a student, asked that he be
granted a room in which a co-operative
book exchange could be carried on. This
was granted and the details left with the
president.
Principal McNaujrhtcn read his remi
annual report. It showed the enrollment
of the Normal School on December 22,
IS>9. to be 702. and that of the training
department Z5. It stated the discipline
of the school was thorough and whole-
Foine, and that as a whole the spirit cf
the student body in regard to decorum
and order was highly satisfactory. Pro
ff-ssor McNaughton suggested that more
time ehould be given to professional work
than arademii ftudies. Crowding of pro
fessional work was a necessity to accom
plish the academic course. This condition
cnuld be remedied by raising the require
ments for admission to the first year
class. The classes of the training school
have been too small to allow student
teachers opportunity to properly cultivate
their power and skill or to give adequate
test of pedagogical ability. There should
be double the number of pupils In the
training school. Over 100 teachers are
graduated at the Normal each year.
Dr. McNaughton suggested that the at
tendance of the training school can be In
creased by giving pupils better opportun
ities than are afforded by the public
pchools and making advantages known to
tht people. The corps of teachers o' th«
training school can be Increased by mak
ing arrangements with the Board of Trus
tees of the public Rchools of the city
whereby the training school becomes a
part of the city school system for the
purpose and enumeration and distribution
of the public school fund and for articu
lation with the high school and a part
of the normal school for the purpose of
supervision and arrangement of curricu
lum. The rest of the report referred to
the school and •vras of little importance.
All the trustees favored the raising of
the standard of admission. Superintendent
Kirk said there were 3000 more teachers
than positions now.
Professor Benjamin Ide 'Wheeler was
introduced at the afternoon session and
spoke in regard to the place of the nor
mal school in educational affairs. Ha <lid
not thlr.k normal schools should attempt
the work of high schools, but should be
distinct professional schools. There is no
doubt of a superfluity of teachers and
when there 2s the standard of admission
should be raised. His greatest surprise
In. .California was me hign standing of
the hipn schools, which is brought about
br the accrediting system of the State
University. The work of the normal
school should be between the high school
and university. It will be only a short
time when a nigh school graduation will
he necessary for admission to the normal.
The normal should graduate teachers for
all grades below the high school. The
pedagogical department of the university
is for hljrh school work. He favored a
system by which normal graduates who
¦were also high school graduates wishing
to take a university course could receive
some credit at the university for work
done 5n the normal.
State Superintendent Kirk Introduced
the following resolution, which was unan
imously adopted:
Rf-Fol\-M. Thnt !t !s the *»r.se of this Board
cf Normal School Trurtees that h»r*after pupils
to b* admitted to th* prof^sional course In
this inytltution be graduates or possess the
<; - jallfloatlons of craduatw of the mc«t a<J
var.<*F<J cours«>* In fiir State h!gh fchools, and
that ¦!«•<» direct the faculty of this normal school
to co fhape thp work to be done in this normal
¦tehool e» to enter ur>on Ftich basis of adrnls
flon at the ecr'.l^^t pcr^ible date.
Mrs. M T\ TveTlv nf finiMiM t>io<n *A-
dressed the board. She stated that her
daughter. Lizzie Kelly, had attended the
Normal School for six and a half years
and had been kept from graduating by a
prejudice of Mrs. C. L. Place, the prin
cipal of the training department. She had
called on Chairman Brown of the Board
of Trustees and asked that justice be
given her daughter, but that official had
treated her coldly and given her no satis
faction. The same coldness had been ex
perienced from members of the faculty.
Finally In desperation she wrote to Gov
ernor Gage and he had referred the mat
ter to Superintendent Kirk. Mrs. Kelly
stated Mrs. Place took a great dislike to
her daughter because M!ss Felker. an
other teacher, had interested herself in
Miss Kelly. She declared a conspiracy ex
isted between Mrs. Place and Miss Dan
iels, a teacher, to keep her daughter from
graduation. Mrs. Kelly's sharpness was
shown when she told how Mips Daniels
had conditioned her daughter at one ex
j amiration on a paper and at a later cx
i amination the same paper was rung in
i and Miss Daniels had marked it "much
better." She said Miss Balis, a teacher in
East San Jose, where her daughter taught
a few weeks, said Miss Kelly was a good
teacher. She intended to see that her
daughter got a diploma.
The board refused to take any cogni
zance of the matter until the charges had
been put in writing.
Mrs. Kelly admitted she had consulted
a lawyer and most likely she will take the
matter to the courts. The case is similar
to that of Henry Miller, now in the courts,
who was also refused graduation by Mrs.
Place. Both these students had com
pleted all their other work but that In
the training department. They character
ize Mrs. Place as a sort of a czarina,
whose every whim must be obeyed.
The absence of Miss Elizabeth McKin
non. who has been preceptress of the Nor
mal for many years, was brought up.
She has been away on account of sick
ness for about four months, her place be
ing filled by Miss Mary George. She has
not written to the trustees in regard to
her absence and they considered this a
Flight. She is now in Pasadena. A lele
pram was ordt-red sent her informing her
that "the welfare of the Normal demand
ed her resignation." It Is said that if
Miss McKinnon returns at once she may
be allowed to resume her position.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
flight, falling on her right Bide and sus
taining a compound fracture of the right
forearm ¦ and a dislocation of the right
shoulder, besides being badly bruised In
other places. The injuries are of such a
character that many weeks will be re
quired for them to heal, but the attending
physicians do not apprehend any perma
nent bad results.
HOTEL AT SANTA MARIA
DESTROYED BY FIRE
Conflagration Which Threatened to
Wipe Out the Entire Business
Portion of the Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 12.— Santa
Maria was visited by the most disastrous
fire in years early this morning. The fire
started In the kitchen of the Santa Maria
Hotel, supposedly from the range. It
broke into a fury shortly after midnight
and spread rapidly to all parts of the
building. The guests and employes were
aroused in time to escape, but many lost
personal effects.
The fire then spread to the brick store
adjoining, owned and occupied by Ilas
low & Co.. dealers in general merchandise.
The store and warehouse at the rear were
badiy damaged. A vacant building on the
opposite side was also burned. The
losses aggregate $12,000 or $15,000, partly
covered by insurance.
The Santa Maria Hotel was not the
leading hotel of the town, but was an old
structure, a two-story frame building,
fronting about lifty feet on Main street.
It was owned by J. R. McCarley. The
citizens turned out and fought the fire
with chemical engines. It threatened to
wipe out the entire business portion of
the town and it was after daylight before
it was fully under control.
Plague Claims Many Victims.
BOMBAY, Jan. 12.— The number of
deaths here, largely from the bubonic
plague, jumped up to-day from 252 to 376.
The normal death rate Is 75..
ilia
i"l find them tho best preparation torß
colds, coughs and asthma."— Mrs. 8. A. ¦
Watsos, Temperance Lectarcr. n
OP BOSTON |
Bold In boxes ocly— Avoid Imitations. g
4t a day Of Saturday is necessarily chil- i
T " dren's day at our store, and this T
% Children's a y weo^ eras a special feature T
T for the little ones some cloaks and *;
2 clrmfc^ capes at little prices — goodgoods, *f
1 wuaivo though, every one. *[
2 children's tweed reefer jackets, double-breasted, %
T large sailor collar, prettily trimmed in braid, welted T
T seams throughout, sizes 4 to 14, only 64.50
children's golf capes of navy blu-. trimmed with
jg colored plaids of different shadings. either with T
hoods or yokes, high storm collars; these capes !?
are full sweep, sizes 4 to 14 years $2.50 |f
children's eton suits of tan mixture, large sailor &.
a collars, jackets trimmed with round pearl buttons, &.
j^ skirts plain, with pleated backs, sizes from 6 to 14 a
I, 81.50 |[
children's tailor suits of tan and brown mix- 4>
ture; some are 6 and some are 12 buttons. &>
4^ double-breasted, lay-down collars, new style +5.
backs, with two pockets; some have inhid velvet %>
£4 collars, while others are self color; skirts per- *£.
caline lined, pleated backs, 3 -inch hems at
bottoms, sizes Bto 10, 12 and 14 years.. . ..85.50 &*
*& Arsr&rtJfi trrki-t do not faU to hear Mrs. Reynolds' dally *&
jg. '**! IlvflU IVIIIL talks on the proper dress ; ng of chllJren. ii.
*^ ye _, ¦% she will give your case her special at- 2
•s** fiOOUS tentlon. •§?
4*
«5k \*f*g\t%C> + \c\T\a the success of our January sale of II
Il**I 1 ** FeCmCIIOnS women's cloaks and wraps has bern
«^* • » truly wonderful, and no wonder! the ¦£<»
«» 111 WOmCn S prices have in rrnny instances be:n cut to
<? less than cos?", the cloaks that you can
•f* WPfl n R remember at $5.00, $7.00, $B.co, $ir>.oo and
1 TT "f *^ s 18.00 are now $2.45. 54.45 and jF
~& 86.75. come In and sre for yourself *5T
J£ t°"^ a y- better com: this morning — in fact before they are all gone. £L.
J&. r»^*x/ #Mr>*/£* you haven>t seen them yet— just be?n un- &>
& lICW gIUVC picked, gray mocha gloves, the very latest, ;f
«5* • -1 pique stitch— your size $f.OO pair. +^
jt, 9PPIVQIS " new lin - ° f the well-known facsimile .2.
"^* Dent gloves in Havana and red — your size :T
4« $1.50 pair. +£>
j* perfumery department *
*S* 150 boxes only of balsam tolu complex- gpeclal sale of hatr breshes and rubber
•• lon soap, made of buttermilk and witch combs, worth 20c per set. only 13c &m& m
hazel. 3 calces tn a box 7c a box _ T , , %*
Hudnat s famous perfumes — violet. ~
•^* special sale of French bristle tooth white rose, sweet orchid, opoponax. ste- ij*
£ brushes, were 10c. now 12c Phanotls. violet orls sOc an ounce
«JA Hudnut's freckle 10ti0n.. 91. 00 a bottla ¦*"£*
if we please you. tell others; i! we don't, tell ns.
4* moiber J^^^GOoEliQoS*^^ factory *£•
A likes." "" QQ°^^ store/ - «
T. I + 935-947 Market Street. + T
3Purtell and Bean Draw.
LEADVILLE. Colo., Jan. 32.— A thou
sand people saw Paddy Purtell and "Par
eon" Bean fight twenty rounds to a draw
to-night at Gavin's athletic arena. It
was a battle for the middleweight cham
pionship of the West. Purtell led repeat
edly and used aggressive tactics, but
Bean was so shifty that Paddy could not
do him any serious damage. Bean broke
both his hands in the course of the fight,
but kept up a gam* battle to the end. -
Nature's Remedy for i
Constipation <!
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Tnsist on Having tbe Genuine.
APOLOGY OF
TANFORAN
ACCEPTED
The President of the California
Jockey Club Acknowledges
the Written Note.
The disgraceful Incident at Tanforan in
which Edward Corrigan disgraced his as-
Eociat&s by his unseemly behavior ap
pears to be closed, at least for the present.
The letter of apology voted by the stew
ards of the Western Turf Association
was mailed with becoming haste to the
president cf the California Jockey Club,
Thomas H. Williams Jr., and was re
ceived by him yesterday. Mr. Williams
at once acknowledged the receipt of tho
written apology in the following note:
OAKLAND, Jan. 12, ISOO.
P. H. Green. Secretary and Manager
Western Turf Association— Dear Sir:
Yours of e\-en date received. The
apology of the Western Turf Associa
tion for the disgraceful scene created
by Edward Corrigan at your track
last Saturday afternoon Is accepted
by the California Jockey Club In the
fame kindly spirit in which I know
It was sent. Yours very respectfully.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR..
President
This exchange of courtesies, which
carry no doubt as deep a sincerity as they
Indicate, having passed, there appears to
be nothing left to the Incident. The offi
cers and members of both associations
will probably continue that courteous in
tercourse which was so rudely Interrupted
by the characteristic outburst of Mr.
Corrlgan- There is a suspicion, however,
that Mr. Corrigan. having admitted him
self the uncouth and therefore Irrespon
sible, may provoke another clash by a
repetition of that demeanor which proved
so very disagreeable to Mr. Mllroy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— "Kid" McCoy
get tbe decision over Joe Choynskl in a
bout which lasted three rounds at the
Broadway Athletic Club to-night. Cboyn
ski would have had the fight in the sec
ond round were it not for an accident as
to timekeeping. He had floored the Kid
four times, but the timekeeper pulled the
bell as McCoy was counted for the limit
cf ten seconds and this saved the Kid
from absolute defeat. Choynskl's seconds
protested vigorously, but Referee Johnny
White, while knowing that the round was
short by many eeeorids, stood by the of
ficial timekeeper and ordered the men to
continue when the gong rang again for
the opening of the third round. Choyn
eki's cleverness outpointed and outsbad
owed all of McCoy's clever ring work.
McCoy having escaped defeat In the
second round was again lucky in the third.
as the blow with which he sent Choynski
down and out was delivered almost two
seconds after the bell had rung for the
completion of the third round. There was
a great deal of noise in the building at the
t!me the gong sounded and undoubtedly
neither man heard the clang of the bell.
In the northeastern portion of the build
ing there was a tumult caused by one of
the spectators dropping dead. The man
was much excited during the bout and
expressed himself freely as to McCoy be
ing out before the bell rang. He 6lld from
his Peat dead as the bell sounded for the
beginning of the third round.
Colonel Mike Padden, timekeeper for
McCoy, said afterward that the round
was clipped by forty seconds and that Mc-
Coy was groggy and practically out when
the gong rang.
Choynski, while feeling rather cha
grined, eaid that he had no fault to nnd
with the referee, ar.d in a conversation,
with the latter exonerated White from
all blame.
"I had him licked good and sure," said
Choynski, "and had the timekeeper acted
right I had McCoy out. However, I am
satisfied that nothing was done by either
the referee or official timekeeper with an
intention of doing me a wrong. It was an
unfortunate thing that the time should
have been miscalculated, as I bad won
ar.4 won cleverly."
After the bout Choynski and McCoy
elgned articles to meet again under the
same conditions, the bout to take place
at the Broadway Athletic Club on Feb
ruary 20.
Following is a technical account of the
fight by tounds;
First round— McCcy was first to land with a
left hook on the Jaw. Joe broke away and Mc-
Coy forced him to his corner, where Choynski
slipped to the floor. The Californian Jumped
up quickly and placed a left swing en McCoy's
iaw, but the Kid sent back a couple of hard
lefts en the face and a etlff right over the
heart. McCoy had all the better of the round.
Second round — Choynsk! sent the Kid to the
floor with a rljrht en the Jaw. McCoy took
nine seconds of the count and when he got up
("hoynskl gt-nt Mm down again with a left on
th« neck. Twice more McCoy was floored and
Site for a Life-Saving Station.
Tnlted States Attorney Coombs is pre
paring the papers for a condemnation suit
to obtain for the Government a site for a
life-saving station at Point Arena. The
site desired will take In four acres anil
the owners want J3OOO for it. The Govern
ment officials say it is not worth more
than $500.
FALLS DEAD AT
THE RINGSIDE
NEW TORK, Jan. 12.— The spec
tator who fell dead during the llc-
Coy-Choynski fight to-night is be
lieved to have been Byron S. Sabin
of this city. He appeared to the
spectators who sat near him to be
very highly excited over the fight
and at the end of the second round
expressed the opinion that McCoy
had been counted out by the ref
eree. The man next to whom Sabln
sat noticed that at the sound
of the gong for the third round
Sabin leaned heavily against him,
and at the conclusion of the fight,
when he arose to leave the building,
Sabin fell to the floor.
he wer.t to his corner bleeding badly from the
nose and memth.
Third round— McCoy fought like a crazy man
when he rushed out of his corner and Joe was
equally erratic. They set all ring rules at de
f:a.nc-». but McCoy got the better of the West
«-rn man at close quarters. Choynski rushed
McCoy, but the Kid was too spry on hi» feet
and Joe slici*""! to the floor In a vain attempt
to land a ewlng. When Joe got up he ran into
a clinch, from which the referee had to separ
ate the men. Then Choynpki landed a right
Ewing on the Jaw and McCoy went down, tak
ing nearly seven eeconds of the count. When
McCoy got up Choynski rushed at him. but his
lesrs gave way and h» fell to the floor, regain
ing his feet in an instant. McCoy was queer
In his leg movement hut went in and mixed
It up. In a hot rally McCoy hooked his right
to the Jaw, Choynski landing his left at the
Fame moment, ard both men went down. Juet
as tljpy got up the men* rushed at earh other
and the bell rang while they were mixing
things up in a lively fashion. Neither man,
evidently, heard the gong, and McCoy whipped
his right over the jaw and Choynski fell.
There were wild cries of "Foul, foul" as
Choynrkl was carried to his corner and the
Californian was unable to rerpond when the
bell c»J!ed him far the fourth. Choynskl's
seconds threw up the sponge E s McCoy rushed
from his corner for the opening of th? fourth
round, and McCoy waus declared the winner.
McCoy was a positive favorite in the
betting. A few wagers were made at odds
of 100 to 30, but there were many offers at
100 to 25. Even money that Choynskl
would not last ten rounds was plentiful.
McCoy's backers made a number of bets
at 100 to 90 that McCoy would knock his
man out ins=ide of ten rounds.
Danny Duane and George Jansen, both
of this city, met in the preliminary and
Duane stopped Jansen in less than two
minutes in the first round. Duane was
then pitted against Jim McKeever for a
six-round go at catchweights. This bout
resulted In a draw.
EXTRA-SESSION topics were freely
discussed In Governor Gage'a rooms
at the Palace Hotel last Thursday.
All reports of the meeting agree
that the Senatorial vacancy wad
not introduced, but arguments pertaining
to proposed water front legislation were
presented with considerable force.
Intimate friends of the Governor assert
that he did not invite the leading signers
of the extra-session petition to meet him.
It is further asserted that H. P. Sonntag
of the North End Improvement Club took
it upon himself to bring the petitioners
to the Governor's apartments. Sonntag
fancied that the Governor would be im
pressed favorably if the petitioners In
person presented their views to the chief
magistrate. When Gage saw so many
uninvited citizens present he could hardly
conceal his impatience. He made the re
mark several times that he had received
the petition and was greatly impressed by
the statements it contained and would, as
he had promised In his letter to Mr. Sonn
tag, give the Question full consideratlon.
As the general conversation progressed
Gage regained his composure, and sought
by Inquiries jrddressed generally to elicit
information regarding water front facili
ties.
Before the conference dissolved the Gov
ernor spoke in a confidential strain. A
well-known citizen who attended the con
ference asserts that the Governor stated
that an extra session would be called, but
did not Indicate when the proclamation
would be issued, and neither did he utter
the name of a Senatorial candidate nor In
the slightest manner refer to the Sena
torial vacancy. He simply spoke of the
necessity of an extra session to legislate
on water front measures and said that the
statement which he had just listened to
convinced him that an extra session was
demanded In order to provide San Fran
cisco harbor Improvements. He cautioned
his hearers against leaving in a body. He
mentioned the activity of the dally news
papers- and Intimated that remarks had
furlong was only a canter for Oorngan s
Sardonic. The mare closed a 4 to 5 choice,
winning with ridiculous ease from Dr.
Marks. Facade finished third, a neck
away.
Track Notes.
Conley was given thirty dajw on the
ground for rough riding in the two-year
old race. He had the mount on Sig Levy
and did nothing but bump into Rathgar
the last eighth of a mile.
There is considerable complaint among
owners at not being able to start at Tan
foran, while race after race is put on for
Corrigan's horses.
Jockey Mattler, who was so badly In
jured In Wednesday's hurdle etvent, was
on Thursday removed to St. Luke's Hos
pital. It is feared the young rider is suf
fering from concussion of the brain, and
his recovery is doubtful.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Three furlongs; two-year-old fil
lies:
(587)Sofala 108 B. Schxelber.
SS7 Lily Dlggs 108 Klngs-ton-Es
£B7 Moonbrlsht 10S telle.
657 Laura Marie. ...loS ... Opal 5t0ne....... 108
... Ullagon 10s C. E. Allen & Co.
M. Daly. . Inver- Madsume-Lit- .
ness-Banshee. tie Zoo.
... Core 108 ... Lily Simpson.... 10S
P. Ryan. Fonso- E. Corrf«an. Ar-
Austrla. ¦ tillerjy-Half
... Klngstelle 108 Sister.
Second race— Mile and an eighth; four-year
olds and upward; selling: < ,
693 Stuttgart .104 j(6o2)Del Paso II 122
600 Whaleback 114 i 606 Favershaan .117
609 Inverary II 109 j(6oo)Tlrade 117
Third race — Five furlongs; -four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
610 Pongo 120 BSO Monda 113
<6Oi)Vv'lld Het.. ..;... 115 619 Croker 113
580 Antloch 113 498 C. H. Harrison. ll3
334 Lona Marie 115 ... Helen G 115
• ... The Liast 110 I £80 Romany 113
... Almoner 113 621 Gold Baron 11J
(586) Albert Baldwin.ll3 |
Fourth race— One mile; three-year-olds; han
dicap:
613 Hindoo Prlncess.lOo I 613 Tar Hill. ...107
613 Anjou 115 613 Sam Dan'baura. 90
613 Bogus Bill 100 613 Sunello 100
613 Erwin 110 613 Bathoe 113
613 Mortgage ...104 1
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward :
(546)F1ower of Gold. S2 j(s7l)Sardine 92
603 Tlmemaker. 115; I 603 Ollnthus 109
E&0 Gusto 97 I
Sixth race— Mile and an eighth; hurdle; handi
cap: - i
690 Meddler .........135 453 J O C 127
621 Sardonic 127 605 Rossmore 132
600 Balista 127 605 University 132
605 Una C010rad0... 125 (605)L0m0 135
604 P F 130 590 Fl Fl ..130
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Schrelber ; stable, Uly Blrnpson,
Second race — Del Paso, Stuttgart,' Tirade.
Third race— Romany, Almoner, Albert j Bald
win,
Fourth race — Erwin, Tar Hill, Bathos.
Fifth race— Flower of Gold, Sardine, Time
maker, v
Sixth race — Meddler, Rossmore, Ballsta.
Purcell and Johnson Matched.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 12.— T0-night the
Sacramento Athletic Club signed articles
of agreement with Frank Purcell and E3
Johnson to fight before the club here on
the 26th.
England's Armored Trains.
The magnificent armored train* used by Eng
land In her war with the Boers wUI transport
her troops, protect bridges and telegraphic
communications la about the same way that
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters drives dyspepsia
from the human stomach and then mounta
guard that It does not return. The Bitters
has won In every case of Indigestion, bilious
ness, liver and kidney trouble for the paat
fifty years. It is Invaluable at all times.
Twenty-Round Draw.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.— Kid Williams
and Harry Jones, two local lightweights,
fought' a twenty-round draw before the
Southern • California Athletic Club to
night. The fight was a fast one and a
large crowd attended.
Ruby Raymond Discharged
Ruby Raymond of San Jose, an alleged
procuress, was discharged from custody
yesterday morning by Judge Lawlor. Evi
dence given by Nathalie Danforth, whom
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Genevleve M. Lupton against Charles
Lupton, for Intemperance; Lawrence S.
Graves against Edith Graves, for deser
tion; Mary Anderson against Gustave An
derson, for cruelty; Charles F. Wells
against Carrie Wells, for desertion, and
Nellie M. Anderson against Joseph S. An
derson, for cruelty.
Mike Leonard Defeated.
CHICAGO. Jan. 12.— Perry Queenan of
New Orleans Races.
NEW ORLEANS, , Jan. 12.— Atlantus,
who landed the third race, was the only
winning favorite to-day and he escaped
defeat by DominickVs carelessness in al
lowing Joe Doughty to swerve in the lasl
sixteenth. The track was fast on the
outside. Results:
Six and a half furlongs, celling— Agitator won,
Watercreet second. Wiggins third. Time. I:22>£.
6ix furlongs— Polly Blxby won Major Mansur
second. Sadie Burnham third. Time, I:l7ft.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Atlantus won,
Joe Doughty second, Phldlaa third. Time, 1:49.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Uhlers won,
Tom Klngsley second, Forbush third. Time.
I:4SH. :--.:*,.
Seven furlong*, selling— Juanetta won. Bright
Night second. Bister Fox third. Time. 1:31.
COURT NOTES,
At the close of the count before Judge
Seawell in the Farnham-Boland contest
last evening Farnham had gained fifty
five votes. Many of the ballots were found
to be disfigured with distinguishing marks
and were thrown out by the court.
Harry Sparher filed suit yesterday
against-Rachmeil and Sarah Walters to
recover $10,000 damages for the alienation
of his wife's affections.
Susanna Rellly was granted a divorce
yesterday from John J. Reilly by Judge
Dougherty, sitting In Judge Dalnger
field s department, on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. *
RUPTURE
CORED.
WHEN w* say "RUPTTTRE CURED" we
mean it. for It Is a fact that thousands of cur t
have been accomplished by Dr. Plerce's World-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS during the past
twenty-Bye years. There Is nothing ?!«¦• like it
on earth! It doea the work! Have received so
many letters and testimonials that we hardly
know what to do with them all. If ruptured In-
vestigate at once. Our prices are reasonable,
but not cheap. We make no discounts. "Dr.
Pierces" U THE truss, and you cannot b«
happy till you get it.
Tou can get our "BOOKLET No. I" for noth-
ing by calling at tbe office, or tt will be s«nt to
you on receipt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells ail
about this TRUSS. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«20 Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
68 Tribune bulldlns. NEW YORK.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. I^VIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases ot the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agent*.
tS Market street, 8. 7.— (Send for Circular*
Sunday's Handball Games.
What promises to be a lively game at
Phil Ryan's handball court at SSS Howard
street on Sunday is that scheduled be
tween "Jack" Bonnet and Al Hampton
on the one side and the young cyclone
players, J. Collins and J. White, on the
other. The other entries are:
W. Fisher and M. M. McDonald vs. P.
Ryan and W. Williams; W. H. Sieberst
and W. H. Kedlan vs. N. J. Prendergast
and Q. B. Hay ward; E. Barry and D. Re
gan vs. T. Foley and J. Kirby; J. R, Bock
man and L. Waterman vs. E. McDon
ough and E. Lynch; A. McVlcker and T.
Leach vs. G. Smith and J. Condon; W.
MiMTUire and E. Curley vs. J. Harlow and
E. Toy; O. McDonald and P. Steiner vs.
M. McNeil and P. McKinnon.
GIFT TO MRS. TOWNSEND.
Members of the First California Vol
unteers Remember Their
Benefactress.
Colonel Victor D. Duboce, on behalf of
the First California Volunteer Regiment,
presented Mrs. A. S. Townsend yesterday
with a handsome souvenir.
The members of the regiment have long
desired to show their appreciation of the
many favors and acts of kindness be
stowed by Mrs. Townsend, and finally de
cided to present their benefactress with a
book containing their photographs as a
token of their esteem. The book em
bodies a unique idea and in design is a
novel piece of workmanship.
To say that the gift is highly appreci
ated conveys but a faint idea of the feel
ings of the recipient.
Mrs. Townsend through The Call desires
to thank- each and every member of the
regiment for their kind remembrance, and
acknowledges the gift, coming as it did
from the soldier boys, as more acceptable
than anything money could buy.
BOXING AT THE
RELIANCE CLUB
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— The Reliance Ath
letic Club lias arranged for a boxing tour
nament to be held on the evening of Janu
ary 25. The principal event will be be
tween Peto Recconi and Billy Woods and
it is attracting a great deal of attention.
The men are evenly matched and it is ex
pected that they will make one of the
liveliest battles that has been seen at the
club. They will weigh in at the ringside
at 145 pounds.
In addition to the main event Billy
Murnane and Jockey Maynard will fight
at 115 pounds, and Ed smith and Dave
Barry will fight at 145 pounds. There will
be several spirited preliminaries.
Milwaukee and Otto Sieloff of Detro't
fought a six-round draw at the Fort Dear
born Athletic Club to-night. In one of the
preliminaries Mike Leonard, the old-time
lightweight of New York, lost to Pete
Boyle, a local feather-weight.
TAX COLLECTOR'S FIGHT.
The Cases of Charles E. Broad and
Benjamin I. Salomon Called
and Continued.
The two cases t arising out of the free
fight Monday In the Tax Collector's of
fice were called In the Police Courts yes
terday, but were again continued.
Charles E. Broad, charged with assault
with a deadly weapon for throwing an
Inkwell at Attorney Ruef, was instructed
and arraigned by Judge Fritz, and by con
sent a continuance was granted till Tues
day. The defendant was represented by
Attorney Hugh Jones. Frank McFarland,
738 Francisco street, swore to the com
plaint.
. Benjamin I. Salomon, charged with as
sault to murder, it being claimed that he
shot John O'Brien In the neck, appeared
before Judge Cabaniss. lie was repre
sented by ex-Judge Murphy, who was
anxious to proceed with the case at once.
Prosecuting Attorney Hanley submitted
a certificate from Dr. Bunnell that O'Brien
was unable to appear in court, and the
• Judge continued the case until Wednes
day.
A BAM
DEPOSIT
GUARANTEE.
DR. METERS & CO.'S PATIENTS
may deposit the price ot a cure In any
Fan Francisco bank, to be paid only after
they are well, or pay in monthly install-
ments.
They Cure the Following Ailments:
Private Diseases Lost Manhood
Kidney Diseases Nervous Debility-
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
Liver Diseases Despondency
Hsart Diseases General Debility
Spine Diseases Loss of Memory
Stomach Diseases Blood Polscn
Ho ,ncurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
These are the only specialists on the
Pacific Coast who cure diseases and
weakness of men exclusively.
DR. METERS & CO. avoid the nse «f
all mineral, Doisonous or dangerous
drurs and electric belta. All their reme-
dies are carefully compounded in their
private laboratory, mil.iout coat to ficir
patients.
HOME CUtIES—PREE BOOK.
If you cannot visit Ban Francisco,
write for free private book, advice, etc.
Correspondence confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. P.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THI^D FLOOR.
HOURS— DaIIy, 8 to 5. Evenings
7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to 1L
Wellesley's "Wagner Club has 200 mem-
bers.
TEA VICTORY ABSOLUTE.
Instructions Issued to New York Col
lector Received From Treas
ury Department.
Charles B. Platt has received a copy of
the letter of instruction sent by O. L.
Spauldlng, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury Department, to the Collector of
the Port of New York in reference to the
forwarding of tea samples, concerning
which a controversy has been going on.
From this it appears that San Francisco
won all that has been contended for. The
New York Collector has been directed as
follows: "At the request of Mr. Charles
B. Platt, member of the Board of Tea Ex
perts at San Francisco, I will thank you
to prepare and forward to the Tea Ex
aminer at that port two-ounce samples
of all teas Imported at your port prior to
April 18 next, with labels specifying the
marks, numbers, names of consignees,
names of importers, vessel, date of impor
tation, invoice number, etc., and with the
statement whether the tea has been ad
mitted to entry or rejected. These sam
ples will be examined by Mr. Platt in con
nection with tho tea examiner at San
Francisco for the purpose of comparison
with the practice at that port."
J. F. CAL.DWEU>-6tarter.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judge.
DEWEY COMING
TO CALIFORNIA
Date of the Visit Is Still
Indefinite.
INVITED TO BE OUR GUEST
HAD PI^ANNED TO TVTATCE THIS
STATE HIS HOME.
gpeclal Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON" HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.—
Members of the California delegation
called upon Admiral Dewey at his home
in this city by appointment at 10 o'clock
this morning to present an Invitation ex
tended by the Natire Sons to the hero of
Manila Bay, to be the guest of the people
of California on the 9th of September
next. Representative Kahn in a few words
expressed the admiration of the people of
California for the admiral and said that
while it would give them pleasure to ex
tend California's hospitality to him at any
time, the celebration of the fiftieth anni
versary of the admission of California
into the Union would be an occasion emi
nently fit to show him how deep an affec
tion the people of the Golden- State have
for him.
Senator Perkins followed and assured
the admiral that California's greeting to
him would be most hearty, that the peo
ple of San Francisco breathed a sigh of
relief when they learned that he had so
completely vanquished the Spanish fleet
on tnat memorable first day of May, and
thereby saved San Francisco from the
danger of bombardment from its guns.
He referred to the fact that Admiral
Dewey's fiagship Olympla was built in San
Francisco, and that the inhabitants of
that city would esteem it an unprece
dented honor to entertain the hero who
had so proudly sailed her to victory.
Admiral Dewey replied In a few well
chosen sentences. He said that he intend
ed to visit California at some time in the
near future and that he would try to ar
range his engagements so as to be able
to be there during the golden celebration
of her admission, but that he could not
make any positive promises at the pres
ent time. He spoke of his great love for
the State and said that if the events of the
Spanish war had not in a measure
changed the current of his life, he would
have made his home at Santa Barbara.
Referring to the fact that the Olympla,
his flagship, was the product of the skill
of California's mechanics, and that the
Oregon and the Monterey, which had also
Joined his fleet before he left Manila, were
also built in California, he stated that he
would be proud to meet the mechanics and
artisans who had turned out such magnifi
cent warships. He said that the presence
of the Monterey was partly responsible
for the capitulation of Manila without the
firing of a single gun from the fleet. Some
ot the more hot-beaded of the Spanish
commanders were determined upon firing
on the American ships, but the cooler
headed commanders said that It would be
useless, because a nation that would send
such a vessel as the Monterey across the
Pacific Ocean was capable of doing: any
thing. There was a hearty laugh at this
remark, and after an informal conversa
tion and a hearty handshake the delega
tion withdrew. Admiral Dewey promised
to write a formal letter to Representative
Kahn in acknowledgment of the beautiful
Invitation forwarded from San Francisco.
it was alleged Miss Raymond had taken
from her home and placed in a house ot
ill fame, showed that prior to going away
with the defendant she had made up h^r
mind to lead a life of 111 repute,
and j the girl also said that she
was offered no Inducement by th»
defendant. Attorney I^ennon movxi
for the discharge of the prisoner on tho
ground that the prosecution had failed to
establish its case. The court had no alter
native but to instruct the jury to acquit.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
TANTOBJLN PARK, Friday, January 12, 19OO.— Thirty-sixth day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track fast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEW TORK. Jan. 12.— McCoy to-night gave the following signed statement
to The Call:
I don't know anything about the timekeeper's watch showing that I had
been down twelve seconds, but I do know that I was on.rfly feet when the
referee counted nine seconds.
I purposely waited to hear the referee count nine before I got on my
feet. If I had been declared out on the timekeeper's count it would have been
an Injustice to me. as I was listening to the referee.
About the blow delivered by mo after the bell rang. I want to Bay that I
did cot hear the bell ring. I delivered the blow In good faith, and do not think
I should have been disqualified on that account. I ' think I beat Choynski
fairly. CHARLES (KID) McCOY.
Choynskl made the following statement:
"I was the victim of the most unjust ruling ever rendered against a boxer
In competition. I beat McCoy fairly and squarely and should have been de
clared the winner. According to the statement of the official timekeeper of the
club McCoy was down twelve second? in the second round, and was therefore
out. After knocking McCoy out according to the rules, the Kid later dealt me
a foul blow and prevented m* fighting further. I should then have been named
ts wiener. I was robbed of victory twice. JOE CHOYNSKI."
been ascribed to him which he never ut»
tered. He feared that the departure of
the petitioners in a throng would causa
the newspapers to spread the report that
an extra session demonstration had been
held in his rooms. Therefore he wanted
nothing said of the conference or his de
termination to convene the Legislature.
A story apparently authentic comra
from Sacramento that Secretary of Stata
Curry is so positive of the extra session
that he has made arrangements to opeu
the "well" in the basement of the Capitol
building.
Merchants who attended the conference
day before yesterday, together with oth
ers who have had good opportunity to as
certain what took place there, were con
fident last night that the proclamation
would soon be Issued.
A few weeks ago the Governor told an
Associated Press agent that the procla
mation. If one were issued, would be pre
pared In the executive office at Sacra
mento and Issued directly from that de
partment. This remark was doubtless
made to dispel the impression that Herrln
and Dibble were preparing tho proclama
tion In the law office of the Southern Pa
cific Company.
Delay in calMng the members together
Is accounted for by Gage's intimates by
an apprehension on his part that he may
not be able to handle the Legislature In
the matter of adjournment. The member*
are eager to get on the pay roll again,
but are not quite willing to bledge them
selves In writing to come off at the com
mand of the executive. A seeming indif
ference on the part of the Governor ma/
tend to increase the anxiety of the legis
lators and compel them to accept such
conditions as the Governor may dictate.
Gage Is Non-Committal.
L.OS ANGELES, Jan. 12.— Governor
Gage arrived here this morning and la at
the Van Nuys Hotel, lie refused to b<%
interviewed regarding an extra session oC
tho Legislature. It has been stated that
he will call the extra session while In th' 3
city, but leading Republicans here sar
that this Is improbable and that ho will
wait until his return to the capital.
TOPMAST IS
BEATEN OUT
BY OPPONENT
Phelan Rode the Winner
With Excellent Judgment.
Results at Tanforan.
Finishing three heads on the post with
Opponent and Scotch Plaid. Topmast
again* gave his admirers a feeling of en
nui at Tanforan yesterday. Tho chestnut
horso "answered bugle call an 11 to 5
favorite for the mile and a furlong racing
recital, only to be downed a head by Op
ponent; with' Scotch Plaid a "snoot" far
ther away. Little Phelan piloted the win
ner and fairly outrode Jack Martin, much
to the Jatter's astonishment and chagrin.
Einstein, the outsider of the party, set a
withering clip to the stretch, when he be
gan backing up. The time— l:s3*4— marked
a new track record.
The card was not an enticing on© and
the result was plainly shown In the at
tendance, which was smaller than usual.
Long shots were not Quite so conspicuous
as during the earlier days of the week,
although Sugden strolled In at 12 to 1.
Favorites attached themselves to four of
the purses.
Corrlgan captured tho two-year-old
purse with Rathgar, a youngster by imp.
Masseto. A7to 6 favorite, he fought it
out through the stretch with Sig Levy.
The last few yards the pair were Joined
by Dunfree, all finishing heads on the
wire, with the Corrigan entry in front.
Sig Levy was third, but the judges set
him back for foul riding on the part of
Conley.
Corrigan's three-year-old St. Casimir
enjoyed a Cakewalk in the six furlong
dash following. He had nothing to beat,
and ruling a 1 to 4 favorite won in rag
time. Mountebank easily took the place
from Diomed.
Sugden, at odds of 12 to 1. took the third
race, a five furlong scramble for "crabs."
Vittitoe'had the mount, and the chestnut
horse won galloping from Espirando, a
12 to 1 shot. Croker, the favorite, ran
unplaced.
Of the" bad assortment of racing timber
starting in the mile selling run Duke of
York enjoyed a slight call over Hohenlohe
and Credo. Thorpe managed to get him
away first, and leading throughout won
by a head in a hard drive from Charles
Le Bel. The show went to Credo.
A selling handicap over one mile and a
RING
SPORTS
TRACK
CHOYNSRI DEFEATS McCOY,
BUT LOSES THE DECISION
Timekeeper's Blunder Cheats the Californian Out of
Victory, and Later He Is Knocked Out, Two
Seconds After the Sound of the Gong.
"I WAS ROBBED OF VICTORY
TWICE," DECLARES CHOYNSKI
GAGE SPEAKS DEFINITELY
ON EXTRA SESSION TOPIC
Tells the Merchants He Will
Convene the Legislature.
Question of Harbor to Be Considered— No
Mention at the Conference of
- the Senatorial Vacancy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
CONSUMPTION TO
BAR PUPILS AND
TEACHERS ALSO
Sweeping Tests for
the Schools.
SUSPECTS TO BE EXAMINED
':'———?——
EFFORTS TO STAMP OUT THE
DREAD DISEASE.
A Report to the Board of Health to
Be Beferred to the School
Board and May Be
Adopted.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— "N0 per
son affected with pulmonary
tuberculosis shall be employed or re
tained in the service of the Public
School Department of the city of
Oakland; and no pupil affected with
pulmonary tuberculosis shall be per
mitted to attend any public school
in said city. Any employe in the ser
vice of the Public School Department
or any pupil in attendance upon any
public school of said city suspected
of being affected with pulmonary tu
berculosis shall, within one week
after having been notified by the City
Superintendent ; of Schools, either
withdraw from the service of the
School Department or attendance
upon school or submit to a bacterio
logical examination by the city bac
teriologist, who shall, upon the com
pletion of such examination, file with
the City Superintendent of Schools a
certificate setting forth the result of
such examination. The examination
shall be without cost to the applicant,
and the certificate of the city bac
teriologist shall be the only evidence
required by the Board of Education."
This report was presented to the Board
of Health this evening by a committee
composed of Drs. A. L. Cunningham, J.
B. Wood and J. Maher. It Is the result
of their investigations upon the proposi
tions submitted to the Board of Health
a month ago by Health Officer Todd and
Dr. Maher. The report was not finally
acted upon, though If it came to adop
tion it would be carried, for It is signed
by a majority of tho board.
This rule will be referred to the Board
of Education, and that body will be asked
to make It a part of their rules. Health
Officer Todd says that he has consulted
with the members of. the Board of Edu
cation, and that they are willing and anx
ious to support the Board of Health in
this move, and that this will be adopted
by that body.
If the Oakland Board of Education and
the Board of Health each adopt this rule
Oakland will be the first city In the State
which will place a tuberculosis test over
the teachers and pupils of the schools.
This proposed rule is as sweeping as the
suggestion made by Dr. Maher at the last
meeting, when he proposed a tuberculosis
test for scholars, for it includes the pu
pils as well as the teachers.
This Is on© of the most advanced moves
along the line of consumption tests that
has been made anywhere in the State.
(\ I(l FIRST RACE— Thre© furlongs; two-year-old colts and geldings; purse, $400.
•Disqualified for fouling and placed last. "Coupled with Wardman.
Time— H. :13; «i. :3f>4. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. E. Corrigan's br.
g., by Imp. Macsetto-Rathleen.
Ratlisrar bumped by Slg Levy last furlong of the race. Latter was rightfully disquali
fied. Carlonian showed no signs of soreness, running an Improved race.
{21 "7 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400
Time— hi, :24; *4. :4S<4: %. 1:14. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner. K. Corrigan's b. g., by imp. St. Andrew-Guyana,
Winner fell heir to a purse. St. Anthony was sore.
Of Q THIRD RACE— MiIe and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse
O«O» $£00.
Time-H. :13: H. :3S; S. 1:03: 'i. 1:25*4; mile. 1:40%: lUm. 1:53*4. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. J. Coffer's eh. g., by Onondago-Elsln.
Opponent ran gamely afl usual. Martin waited a trifle too long with Topmast. Vlttltc*
made a mistake In taking Plaid back too far. Einstein set a merry pace.
Scratched— Morinel 93.
f* 1 O FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— Ml. :12U; %. :36: %. 1:01*4- Onnd start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. Poter Burkes oh. &., by ft.. L.er»nards-imp. Liucllle.
Sugrdpn a 'good horse to-day. Momentum is a "doe." Croker made no showing. Ach
away poorly.
Scratched— Bokombeo 117.
/>QA FIFTH RACE— One mile; Billing; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— M, :26H: H. Mi %. 1:1«4: mile. 1:42 V. Good start. Won first three drlvlnr.
Winner, I. Morehouse's eh. g., by Dulc« of Norfolk-Carmen.
Winner was best of a cheap lot.
ecratched— Tom Cromwell 114.
r»O1 SIXTH RACE— One mil* and an eighth; gelling; handicap; four-year-olds and up-
O^&I* ward; purse. $400.
Time— H. :12%; **. :37; <*. 1:03: %. 1:29%; mile, 1:42; ltfrn. 1:55^. Good start. .Won eas
ily. Second and third driving. Winner. E. Corrigan's b. m., by Morello-lmp-Sardonyx
A Het-up for the winner. Facade evidently prefers a heavy track. Mldlan ran poorly.
4
[ndex. Horse. .
EB7 Rathcar
... Dunfrfe
... Slgr I>vy
657 Carionian
... Gaylon Brown.
... Andrattus ....
... Wardman
... Briton
687 Woeful
I
Welrht. St.
:o« 4
110 2
11l 1
10* 5
10S 3
....... .108 7
111! 9
IOS 6
11l 8
IT"
...
...
:::
j Betting,
ttm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockpya. Op. Cl.
2 1 Ins Rpenrer 8-5 7-5
... ... 6 2 2 ns Thorpe 6 4
... ... 1 V 4 8 ns* Conley 4 G
4 h 4 H Jenkins 4 10
8 H 6 6 T. Walsh .' 8 SO
6 4 6 6 N. Hill 8 12
7 1 7 2 Morsan S 15
8 1 8 8 Vltt!t"e 8 • 30
9 9 Phelan •• •?
ndex. Horse.
(603) St. CMltntr..
472 Mount»bank
478 Piompd
... Ft. Anthony.
I
Weight. St.
1091 1
1«9 2 -
10!>! 8
109! 4
Urn. %m. %m. Str. Fin.
1 "i 1 S 14 14
2 1 2 2 21H 2 2
22358 6 3 10
4 4 4- 4
Betting
' Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Spencer 1-4 2-!
Morpan 10 2<
T. Walsh 4 (
Jenkins 10 SI
SC
nd^x. Hors*. Age. '
629 Opponent, 8....
589 Topmast 6
E*9 Scotch Plaid. 5
ETfi Einstein, .1
577 Caerfale 4
Weight. St.
91 8
9S 4
> 103 1
94! 2
94! 5
Km.
5
4 1
1 2
2 2
3 H
4 1
5
1 1
2 2
3 n
4 2
6
2 1
Str.
1 n
5
3»4
4 1
Bettlnsr
Pin. Jorkeys. Op. Cl
1 h Phelan 3 :
2 h J. Martin S-5 11-1
3 2 Vlttttoe 3
4 24 Basslnpor 6
6 T. Walsh 8
Index. Horse.
CO7 Fuirden. 4
4?1 Eerlrandn, 6 .
4«e Ann Page. 4..
67S Momentum. 6
697 Modwena. 4 ..
Id Nora I vps, 4..
607 Croker. 4
649 Mainstay, a ..
SS2 Tourist 11. 4..
El 4 Jennie Nevlne,
603 Hunch. 4
... Acn. 4 :r^:^
"Weight. St. Km.. %m. %m. Str. Fin.
113 S ... 2 V, 1 U ... 11
117 S ... 1 V 4 2 M ... 2 2
11l 7 ... 4 h fi H ... 3 1
120 1 ... 5 1 3 1 ?. 4 h
11l 9 ... 6 1 E^ ... 6 M
11l « ... 8 1 4 h ... 6 3
113 10 ... 7 Bh 5% '4h"
1201 2 ... 10 .9 ... 8 Vi
111! 4 ... 8^72 ... 98
•, 8.. .11'11l ' ... 11 12 ... 10
1131 5 ... 12 11 ... 11
113112 ... 9 10 12
\
I
Bettlne.
Jockeys. Op. Cl..
Vlttltoe 6 U
(Jenkins 8 12
iThorpe 8 10
ISpenoer 3 3
N. Hill 10 15
E. Jones 8 9
Morcan 6 13 "
IL.. Turner 10 20
I. Powell 20 60
IKlley 25 23
ißullman 30 76
IPiggott 4 5
I Bettlnr.
Index. Horse. Agr. Weight. St. Urn. %m. %jn. Btr. Pin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
CO7 Duke of Tork 11. 5.111 1 1« In 12 12 In Thorp- 4 S
604 Chas. lAi Bel, B 111} 4 5*4 Rl 81 2H 24 Vittltoe. B 10
in Credo. 5 : 11l 5 21 31H 2^4 ,32 35 T. Walsh 6 6
f.?B Col. Root. 6 11l « 71 7V4 5h BU4h Morgan 6 12
6^9 Hohenlohe. 6 114 2 «H «H 4\i 4H 63 E Rons 8 4
604 Ponso. 5 114 S SH 4H 7 6262 Glover 8 20
ElO The Wooer. 4 106 7 8 8 8 717 1 Jenkins 4 6
632 Loconomo. 6 11l 8 41 2n 61 8 8 N. Hill 12 30
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. "a!
600 Sardonic. 6 109 2 42 4211 11 n Spencer 7^lo Tb
614 Dr. Marks, 5 11l 4 83 31 44 34 2 n Thorpe 6 8
60« Facade. 4 100 3 2n 2 >4 31 21 38T Walsh 3 3
fill Tom Calvert. 6 1091 5 6 % 53 53 B 2 42. T. Martin..... 8 15
6(12 Mldlan. 5 114 fi 6 6 6 6 510 Jenkins 10 15
699 Gold Baron. 4 94| 1 17 16 2% 44 fi Basslnger .... 12 25
[ndex. Horse. .
EB7 Rathcar
... Dunfrfe
... Slgr I>vy
657 Carionian
... Gaylon Brown.
... Andrattus ....
... Wardman
... Briton
687 Woeful
I
Welrht. St.
:o« 4
110 2
11l 1
10* 5
10S 3
....... .108 7
111! 9
IOS 6
11l 8
IT"
...
...
:::
j Betting,
ttm. %m. Str. Fin. Jockpya. Op. Cl.
2 1 Ins Rpenrer 8-5 7-5
... ... 6 2 2 ns Thorpe 6 4
... ... 1 V 4 8 ns* Conley 4 G
4 h 4 H Jenkins 4 10
8 H 6 6 T. Walsh .' 8 SO
6 4 6 6 N. Hill 8 12
7 1 7 2 Morsan S 15
8 1 8 8 Vltt!t"e 8 • 30
9 9 Phelan •• •?
ndex. Horse.
(603) St. CMltntr..
472 Mount»bank
478 Piompd
... Ft. Anthony.
I
Weight. St.
1091 1
1«9 2 -
10!>! 8
109! 4
Urn. %m. %m. Str. Fin.
1 "i 1 S 14 14
2 1 2 2 21H 2 2
22358 6 3 10
4 4 4- 4
Betting
' Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Spencer 1-4 2-!
Morpan 10 2<
T. Walsh 4 (
Jenkins 10 SI
SC
nd^x. Hors*. Age. '
629 Opponent, 8....
589 Topmast 6
E*9 Scotch Plaid. 5
ETfi Einstein, .1
577 Caerfale 4
Weight. St.
91 8
9S 4
> 103 1
94! 2
94! 5
Km.
5
4 1
1 2
2 2
3 H
4 1
5
1 1
2 2
3 n
4 2
6
2 1
Str.
1 n
5
3»4
4 1
Bettlnsr
Pin. Jorkeys. Op. Cl
1 h Phelan 3 :
2 h J. Martin S-5 11-1
3 2 Vlttttoe 3
4 24 Basslnpor 6
6 T. Walsh 8
Index. Horse.
CO7 Fuirden. 4
4?1 Eerlrandn, 6 .
4«e Ann Page. 4..
67S Momentum. 6
697 Modwena. 4 ..
Id Nora I vps, 4..
607 Croker. 4
649 Mainstay, a ..
SS2 Tourist 11. 4..
El 4 Jennie Nevlne,
603 Hunch. 4
... Acn. 4 :r^:^
"Weight. St. Km.. %m. %m. Str. Fin.
113 S ... 2 V, 1 U ... 11
117 S ... 1 V 4 2 M ... 2 2
11l 7 ... 4 h fi H ... 3 1
120 1 ... 5 1 3 1 ?. 4 h
11l 9 ... 6 1 E^ ... 6 M
11l « ... 8 1 4 h ... 6 3
113 10 ... 7 Bh 5% '4h"
1201 2 ... 10 .9 ... 8 Vi
111! 4 ... 8^72 ... 98
•, 8.. .11'11l ' ... 11 12 ... 10
1131 5 ... 12 11 ... 11
113112 ... 9 10 12
\
I
Bettlne.
Jockeys. Op. Cl..
Vlttltoe 6 U
(Jenkins 8 12
iThorpe 8 10
ISpenoer 3 3
N. Hill 10 15
E. Jones 8 9
Morcan 6 13 "
IL.. Turner 10 20
I. Powell 20 60
IKlley 25 23
ißullman 30 76
IPiggott 4 5
I Bettlnr.
Index. Horse. Agr. Weight. St. Urn. %m. %jn. Btr. Pin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
CO7 Duke of Tork 11. 5.111 1 1« In 12 12 In Thorp- 4 S
604 Chas. lAi Bel, B 111} 4 5*4 Rl 81 2H 24 Vittltoe. B 10
in Credo. 5 : 11l 5 21 31H 2^4 ,32 35 T. Walsh 6 6
f.?B Col. Root. 6 11l « 71 7V4 5h BU4h Morgan 6 12
6^9 Hohenlohe. 6 114 2 «H «H 4\i 4H 63 E Rons 8 4
604 Ponso. 5 114 S SH 4H 7 6262 Glover 8 20
ElO The Wooer. 4 106 7 8 8 8 717 1 Jenkins 4 6
632 Loconomo. 6 11l 8 41 2n 61 8 8 N. Hill 12 30
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. "a!
600 Sardonic. 6 109 2 42 4211 11 n Spencer 7^lo Tb
614 Dr. Marks, 5 11l 4 83 31 44 34 2 n Thorpe 6 8
60« Facade. 4 100 3 2n 2 >4 31 21 38T Walsh 3 3
fill Tom Calvert. 6 1091 5 6 % 53 53 B 2 42. T. Martin..... 8 15
6(12 Mldlan. 5 114 fi 6 6 6 6 510 Jenkins 10 15
699 Gold Baron. 4 94| 1 17 16 2% 44 fi Basslnger .... 12 25SHOOTING DAYS
WILL SOON END
Open Season for Quail and
Ducks Will Terminate
Shortly.
The members of the gun clubs which
have preserves in this district are pre
paring for their final shoots of the sea
son. Both ducks and quail will soon be
secure from the shotgun brigade which
has been so persistently after them for
some months past.
Country Club men are making efforts to
have the quail season, which ends on the
15th inst., extended another fortnight.
Owing to adverse weather conditions the
shooting has not been as good as ex
pected. The Marin County hills are still
full of birds, hence the desire for an ex
tension of the season. This has been a
splendid year for the birds, which have
had an opportunity to thrive and multi
ply, and promises well for the sport next
year. The wet weather has kept many
sportmen at home while the moist ground
has sent the birds into the impenetrable
underbrush, where they were safe from
their worst enemies, the trappers.
The 'heavy storm of ten days ago not
only scattered the ducks, but obliterated
all traces of ponds on the various pre
serves. The birds are again gathering in
great numbers on the snores of the Day
down about Mount Eden and good shoot
ing is expected there to-morrow.
The members of the Olympic Gun Club
did not go near their preserves last week,
as all indications pointed to there being
no shooting. The overflow has subsided
in a degree, however, and some of the
members will test the sport to-morrow.
Among those who have already signified
their Intention of being present are L.
Titus. F. F. Titus and M. E. Unger.
None of- the Black Jack Club members
ventured up to Sherman Island last Sun
day. They will probably close the season
to-morrow. Bert Patrick and Bert Wy
man, with Andy Buckley and Billy San
derson as their guests, will form the prin
cipal shooting party. Mr. Sanderson, who
is said to be art expert field shot, is ex
pected to bring down a big string of birds.
Sam Hughes has gone into Idaho and
Dakota to hunt big game. He will meet
a party of gentlemen from the East at
Ogden and will be their guest for some
time. They anticipate fine sport, as game
of all kinds la to be found there in abund
ance.
George Jackson, the well-known sports
man, has gone to Los Banos to enjoy the
great sport with the ducks now seen there.
Friends sent tor him post haste, saying
they were securing 150 birds to the gun
each day.
The best shooting last week was secur
ed along the bay shore. Down at Alvar
ado L. R. Larzalere, John H. Burfeind
and George Wolf made a Joint bag of
seventy ducks.
Al Wilson had a try at black brant In
Tomales Bay some days since, but condi
tions were not favorable for a good *shoot.
He secured a dozen birds. He will have
another day with them shortly. Tomales
Bay is fairly swarming with the birds, but
they are hard to get. They fly high and
It requires a big gun, heavily loaded, to
bring them down.
The friends of George Morse, clerk of
the United States District Court, are
much interested In a shoot he enjoyed last
Sunday on the Sonoma marsh as a guest
of the Alameda Gun Club men. Mr.
Morse tells an interesting story of his
success, but his friends are anxious to
learn where he disposed of the eighty
canvasbacks which he claims to have
killed. According to his own story he
never missed a shot, dropping two and
three birds at a time. None of these
ducks are in evidence, hence the general
demand for an explanation from the man
v/lth a gun.
George Dennis was high gun of the Pas
time Club members at Alvarado last Sun
day, securing sixteen birds. Mr. Maynard
and a friend secured a good Joint bag on
the Willow Lodge grounds.
David Thorn and Clarence Haight will
be in the field after quail at Llvermore
to-morrow.
Al. Cummlng, the all-round sportsman.
Is suffering from a cold, which prevents
his enjoying the closing days of the sea
son.
Frank Maskey. wJio has had a lot of
sport after quail in the Point Reyes
country this season, went up on Tuesday
to spend several days. He wanted to en-
Joy the fine shooting while it lasted. He
will leave for Bakersfleld shortly, where
he will handle his setter, Lady Rodschaff.
In the members* stake.
DOWN near Bakersfield are quartered the finest setters and pointers in the State, all being pre
pared for the annual field trials, which will commence on the 22d inst. The entries are in excels
of those of last year, and some brilliant work is expected when the crack dogs meet. Birds are
becoming plentiful, many having been driven down from mountain fastnesses by recent storms.
The cover is thicker than in previous years, and it is expected the birds will not run, as has been
their habit under other conditions. The illustration shows the master of Stockdale, W. S. Tevis, and
the noted dogs Sam's Bow and Cuba of Kenwood. The former won the all-age stake last year,
with his kennel mate in third place. Merry. Heart, which Is handled by R. M. Dodge, was second in
the Derby last year. Glad Star, which is owned by Judge McKenna. is a prominent factor In the all
age stake competition. Cuba is again interested in the all-age and championship stakes, while Sam's
Bow will be seen In the champion stake. Many sportsmen of note will attend the trials and will han
dle their own dogs in the members' stake, that being one cf the requirements.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, .1900.
• Even when a man does have greatness
thrust upon him he really thinks he
achieved It.
CAMERA CLUB OUTING.
The members of the California Camera
Club will have an outing in the Russian
liivfr country to-morrow. The members
secured some fine pastoral views there last
y<»ar and <*xp<?ct to duplicate their suc
cess this time. Members and their
friends v,-i!I !eave on the 6 o'clock boat by
way of Sauaallto ferry. W. J. Street Is
chairman of the outlnr committee.
Verein Oesterreicher.
At. the annual election of the Vereln
Oesterrelcher the following named were
elected officers for the ensuing term: E.
Lamberg. president; Joseph Lechner, vice
president; Julius Tarnotzy, corresponding
secretary; R. Schlndler, treasurer; Robert
Kifflnger. financial secretary: John Kump.
librarian; Karl Mlchalltschke and G.
Wlnkler, trustees; Dr. Julius Soboslay.
acting physician.
YACHTSMEN DO POLITICS.
At the meeting of members of the San
Francisco Yacht Clufl held last Wednes
day George T. S. White, George D. Camp
bell and Starr Keeler were appointed a
nominating committee to prepare the reg
ular ticket for the coming year. James
Kltterman of the launch America, who
was suggested for the office of commo
dore, on being approached on the matter
AMATEURS WILL PLAY.
The Heeseman baseball team of Oak
land and the Lash'B BitVers nine of this
city will meet on the Eighth and Harri
son street grounds to-morrow afternoon.
A trophy valued at $100 and the ama
teur championship is at stake. Will Bfock
off will officiate as umpire. The teams
will line up:
Lar.h'a Bitter*. Positions. Heesemans
Enter Catcher Shea
ItuMSfll Pitcher Huljcer
N'ealon Kirn base Today
Col Una Second bane Davis
Bodie Third baee Lutgen
Fmllh ." Shortstop Johnson
Brockoft I>eft field Kane
Kurgan Center field Kline
Ferrine Klsht field Thomas'
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
There will be an association football
match this afternoon on the Presidio ath
letic ground between the Vampires and a
British mercantile marine team captained
by the Rev. H. W. L. O'Rourke, one of
the chaplains of the Seamen's Institute
of this city. The Vampires' team will bo
made up from the following: John Me-
Gaw (captain), J. D. Robertson, G. T. S.
White. A. F. Chambers. W. G. Selwood.
J. S Bishop. C. Y. Williamson. V. E.
Holland. J. B. Duggan, J. Saunders, J. T.
Burtchaell, H. W. Westerfeld. F. Macder
mld, R. W. Macdermid, G. S. McCallum,
A. B. McCallum and M. Turner. The kick
off will be at 3 p. m.
A team of football players will visit this
city from Keswick, Shasta County, next
month. During their stay they will play
a match against the Oakland Association
team on Washington's birthday and will
try conclusions with the Vampires on Ihe
following Saturday.
ASSOCIATION ATHLETICS.
Basket and Indoor ball are the two fa-
vorlte sports at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association at the present time. On
Tuesday night the Apollos of the Oakland
branch met the Missions of this city In
Oakland and played a closely contested
game, the finally triumphing by
a narrow margin.
The Apollos met the Rushers last night
In the gymnasium of the association In
this city and another close battle was
fought. The schedule of basket ball games
between the two local teams and the
Apollos of Oakland has aroused consider
able Interest In j the game and both
branches of the association are training
hard for future matches.
In regard to Indoor baseball the associa
tion Is In a quandary. The Olympic. Re
liance and Stockton clubs, along with the
Young Men's Christian Association, were
to . form a league early last week, but
there was a miscalculation in time and
nothing" eventuated. The time fixed for
the meeting of the. four clubs to arrange
a winter schedule Is next Tuesday even-
Ing. It seems as If Stockton would with
draw from the prospective league. The
Young Men's Christian Association and
the Reliance Club are waiting for the
Olympic Club to signify a fleslre to' enter
a triplicate league and arrange a schedule.
This will be done next week, the two local
teams and the Reliance forming the
league. Stockton has arranged for a series
of games, with the.winners of tho series.
Among Amateur Athletes.
At a meeting of the Pacific Association
of the Amateur athletic Union held last
night there were present J. R. Bockman
(In the chalr>. H. A. Keeter, I. J. Muma.
F. L. Berry. A. P. Rothkopf. W. B. Hlnch
man, W. Neumlller and J. Blum. W. B.
Hinchman, as rowing commissioner, pre
sented a report in which he suggested
that each rowing club In the association
should contribute a certain sum monthly.
to be expended in the purchase of chal
lenge cups, to be held by the winning
clubs. The football commissioner. F. L.
Berry of Stanford University, was re
quested to prepare a report to be read at
the next meeting. It was announced thaC
an Indoor .baseball schedule has been ar
ranged, according to whlcii the teams in
and around San Francisco' will play a
series of games, the winner to visit Stock
ton and piay against the team there. Sec
retary Keeler stated that the association
handbook is ready for the printer, and
will be Issued early next month.
George James, I. J. Muaia and 11. A.
Keeler were appointed members of the
board of governors of the Amateur Ath
letic Union. George James. I. J. Muma,
F. L. Berry. H. Hauser and 11. A. Keeler
were appointed a committee to arrange
for a fteld day (indoor or outdoor.*, to
be given in the spring by the Pacific As
sociation. A. P. Rothkopf. J. Blum and-
W. B. Hinchman were appointed a com
mittee to report on the matter of a ban
ner, to be presented to tho winner of tho
Intercollegiate football game played last
Thanksgiving day. A sanction was grant
ed to the South End and Alameda Boat
Club crews to row a five-mile race on
Oakland Creek on Sunday. January 21. A
good deal of discussion took place with
respect to the necessity of Insisting that
all athletes from the universities of Stan
ford and California be registered accord
ing to the by-laws of the association.
SAN MATEO HUNT CLUB.
The place selected for the meet *of th»
San Mateo Hunt Club last Saturday was
the Ten-mile House, beyond Mlllbrae, on
the San Bruno road. The place of ren
dezvous, however, was so far away and
the Intervening road In so bad a condi
tion that few attended. On Wednesday
last the meet took place at the Home
stead. San Mateo, at 3 In the afternoon.
To-day the hounds will hunt the Spring
Valley country, near the Crystal Springs
Lake; and next Wednesday the meet will
be at Burns station, on the farther side
of the lake. Next Saturday the followers
of the hunt will rendezvous at San Car
los station.
A telegram has been received from F.
J. Carolan. master of the hunt, in which
he sayß that he has shipped eight hunters,
accompanied by a new kennel man, to
California. He has also sent a few good
dogs for breeding purposes.
The master will be here about the mid
dle of next week and after his return there
will be much activity among the men who
follow the hounds.
MOVEMENTS OF CYCLERS.
The annual election of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen was held last Tuesday evening.
There was no contest, the members being
well satisfied with the selections of the
nominating committee, and the follow
ing officers were installed with appropri
ate ceremony: President, J. W. Mullen;
vice president. Edwin Goeller; secretary,
F. G. Montealegre; treasurer, R. R. Russ;
captain, Thomas G. Splllam;; executive
committee, William MacKie. W. H. Haley.
George P. Fuller. The reports of the otli
cers tor the past year showed the club to
be in a most prosperous condition, and Its
victories on the path during the season
easily proclaim it the leading cycling club
on the coast.
W. P. Crary, president of the Twentieth
Century Manufacturing Company of New
York and well known to the trade. Is ex
pected here In a few days, en route to
China and Japan on a pleasure trip
around the world.
Baker &. Hamilton, donators of the
beautiful twenty-mile trophy contested
for annually by the C. A. C. C. clubs,
have re-entered the cycle trade after an
absence of over a year, during which time
they handled only sundries.
Herbert V. Ready, a prominent mem
ber of the Bay City Wheelmen, w}H leave
to-night for a month's trip to the south
ern part of the State in search of rest
and recreation. As he will stop some time
In Los Angeles, he will form a valuable
addition to the Bay City colony now
there, including Lennle, Ostendorf, Fow
ler, Brode, Lacey. Furman and others.
Charles Blrdsall, the popular racing
man and ball player of the California
Cycling Club, has been appointed a pa
trolman on tlje police force and Is receiv
ing the congratulations of his many
friends.
Wilbur F. Knapp. without whose ser
vices as announcer no race meet was
deemed complete, has deserted the cycle
trade and will hereafter discourse upon
the medicinal properties of whisky. This
Is a distinct loss to the sport and a re
sultant gain to his new employers.
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO'S
The swimmers entered for the weekly
competition at Sutro Eaths to-morrow are
as follows:
Fifty- yard dash. Juveniles— CJ. Child*. O.
Lovrenthal. R. Cook, H. Thicken, F. Ralston.
F. Neal, O. Owens. C. Schilling. F. Rltter. li.
Rtrtlng, E. Mlnter. W. Fleming. H. Freeman.
One hundred yanl race, amateur* — If. See
bach T. Thomas. H. Bryne. T. Harmon, tt.
Josephs. T. Herman. G. Wallace. J. Wllber. C
Sullivan. H. Stclljes, P. Sunberp. W. Wilson.
C. Lundln. J. Laird. J. O'Brien, E. Smith, T.
Lahusen. J. Sterns.
Tub race, 100 yards— L. Sunberff. J. Green,
W Olsen, E. Beyer, A. Baudain, W. McCor
mlck. O. Ehrman. E. Lleboldt. E. Wells.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— A. Uau
daln. H. Fretman. R. Riding. J. O'Brien. J.
Cathcart. R. Cordell. A. Davis. O. Mlsner, G.
Charles. W. Douclass.
Under wmter swimmlne contest.
OLYMPIC CLUB BOXING.
The officials of the Olympic Athletic
Club are more than pleased with the out
look for their proposed boxing tournament
between the crack amateurs of the East
and of this coast. J. E. Sullivan, secre
tary of the Amateur Athletic Union, has
taken a personal interest in the affair and
will send only the best men. He has sug
gested that the club defer its tournament
until after the national championships.
These will be held early in February and
the pick of the boxers will then be sent
on here. "This, will do away with the
chance of any men of mediocre ability
coming here. The bouts will be held In
the club's gymnasium and will be free to
members. They will extend over several
days. *
A gentlemen's night will be held next
Thursday, when a varied programme will
be presented by Leader John A. Hammer
smith. A wrestling bout, best two out of
three, will be one of the features. H.
McCullough of the Olympic Club, weigh
ing 175 pounds, will meet Chris Plersen,
185 pounds, of the Reliance Club. The Rev.
H. W. L-O'Rourke of the Seamen's Insti
tute will have some of the apprentices
from the English ships present. They will
box and will also take part In a tug of
war with the strudy Olympians.
RIFLEMEN ARE
ON THE RANGE
Have Already Prepared for a
Season of Activity at the
Targets.
The Germanla Schuetzon Club and the
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club hold
their Initial shoots for this year to-mor
row ou the Shell Mound range. The list
of the Germania's events is similar to the
one of last season, which proved so" suc
cessful. The main re-entry match will
bo for five cash prizes of $40. $30. $25, $22
and $20, three shot tickets, best ten score 3
German 25-ring target, to win. As an ad
junct to that match there will be five
cash prizes of $20, $16, $14, $12 and $10 for
the best centers OS's), which will be de
termined by machine measurement. Those
shooting from tickets on the foregoing
will be given five extra shots In the bulls*
eye contest, the prizes In that event be
ing: First, a fine medal presented by
Captain L. Siebe; second, $16; third, $12:
fourth, $9, and fifth, $5. The clasa medal
contests will be the same as in the past.
The Golden Gates have made a radical
departure in tiie makeup of their list of
matches. They have adopted the Victoria
medal system in use at the Walnut lilll,
Mass., range. In this personal competi
tion is abolished, the marksmen shooting
until they have reached the requisite per
centage in the ten ten-shot scores of tnelr
respective classes. In this system the
marksman is obliged to shoot against his
own best records all the time.
Besides the Victoria medals the club
has twelve other prizes for which to com
pete, re-entry system. The donors are: F.
H. Bushnell, JlOO trophy; W. Unfred, $25
trophy; F. E. Mason, sporting rifle; D. W.
Mclaughlin, silver cup; Dr. L. O. Rod
gers. a 22-callber target ritle; E. N. Moor,
combination powder merisure; J. E. Gor
man, target revolver: E. Woenne, C. M.
Henderson and F. W. Belknap, $10 tro
phies.
At the conclusion of the first shoot the
members will hold their annual banquet
at Captain Slebe's, at which the prizes
won last season will be distributed. The
winners are as follows: Rifle, 200 yards,
five best ten shot scores, German ring tar
get, champion class— First, D. W. Mc
laughlin, 1i25 rings; second. F. E. Mason,
1119; third. Dr. L. O. Rodgers, 1102. First
class— First, C. M. Henderson, 1083; sec
ond. F. W. Belknap. 10SO; third, J. E. Gor
man, 1075; F. E. Mason won the cham
pion's special prize for the best single
ten-shot score. 234, and Henderson won
the first-class special prize on 222. In this
he tied with Belknap and It was necessary
to count back from scores to determine
the winner, the two also tying on 219, 216.
Henderson won by one point on his fourth
back score, 213. In the class pistol con
tests, fifty yards, best ten five-shot scores.
Standard American target, the first was
J. E. Gorman, 469 points; second Dr. L. O
Rodgers, 461; third, D. W. McLaughlln
428. First-class, first. J. F. Bridges. 404;
second. C. M. Henderson. 398; third, C.
Roberts. 392.
WINTER BOOM
ON THE COURTS
California Tennis Club Alive
With Old and New
Players.
Winter tennis Is booming at the Califor
nia Club this month. The members are
out in numbers every afternoon, and even
the ladles are passing up golf for their old
favored net and court sport.
Saturday tournaments are the thing at
the presnt time. Some of them are im
promptu, with the drawings just befo.e
the tourney begins, other prearranged.
To-day a double tournament will be held
on the courts of the Bush and Pierce
street club, which will bring out all the
regulars. A general drawing will take
place, both for the placing of matches
and the selection of teams. There will be
prizes awarded the winners, the exact na
ture of which is not yet determined.
Many of the old players have returned
to . the club, among them being Robert
Ayres. He was formerly a devotee of the
game and earned quite a reputation
among the best the club could produce.
Some of the noteworthy matches of the
week are as follows: Miss Edna Hopkins
and Joseph Daily were defeated by Miss
Georgie Hopkins and Robert Eyre, I—6,
6—2, 6—3 and 6—2. In a three-set match
Dr. Root and Ralph Bliven played n tie
match, the score being 6—4,6 — 4, 4—6 and 4—4,
darkness preventing the conclusion of the
third set. Joe Daily defeated B. H. John
son, 6—2 and 6—l. H. W. Crowell won an
easy match from Homer Parker. 6 — i and
4—l. L. Rosenberg took the measure of
Duval Moore In a single-set match by
9-7.
The longest and most hotly contested
match of the week was between Miss Ber
nlce Drown and Miss Elslet Clark. The
score of the first set was 18 — 16, the second
6—l,6 — I, Miss Clark proving the victor in
both.
George Whitney has played regularly cf
late, defeating the best the club could of
fer.
Fr.id that his private business would re
quire all his attention during the present
year. Ex-Commodore W. N. McCarthy
is the favorite candidate and will almost
certainly accept the nomination, though
he has not yet formally done so. For vice
commodore H. R. Simpklns of the yawl
Tramontana is the probable nominee. R.
B. Hogue will receive the nomination for
treasurer, E. C. Bartlett for recording
secretary and W. G. Morrow for financial
secretary. For the offices of port captain
and measurer J. R. Savory of the sloop
Juanita. R; S. Bridgeman of the sloop
Thetis and J. S. Cockerill are likely nom
inees. All three were In the crew of the
Gadder when she won the perpetual chal
lenge cup.
Alter considerable discussion and oppo-.
sit ion on the part of some of the members
the Corinthians have decided to give an
entertainment in this city to raise funda
to enlarge their Tiburon clubhouse. Tho
accommodation has long been inadequate
to receive the many guests who attend
all Corinthian shows. The intention is to
enlarge the clubhouse on the western side,
adding a permanent stage and dressing
rooms for the performers. So many
yachtsmen and others have enjoyed the
club's hospitality that the members feel
sure the entertainment will be largely at
tended by people willing to help the good
work. The entertainment is in charge of
the board of directors and of J. V.
O'Brien, T. T. Williams and F. E. Har
mon. It will be given in Native Sons*
Hall on February 15. The annual, elec
tion of officers will be held on the 31st
inst., when those already nominated will
be formally elected. The Corinthians will
not let the approaching yachting season,
go by without challenging for the per
petual cup. The general opinion is in fa
vor of challenging in the Gadder's class,
as many of the Corinthians believe that
J. W. Pew's Truant, in thorough order
and sailing trim, can beat last year's win
ner. The Truant had a twisted rudder In
the race of September 23, ,1899, and puzzled
her helmsman a good deal by the strange
manner in which she behaved. Of course
the blame for this attaches to those who
prepared her for the race, for, as Sir
Thomas Lipton and the New York yachts
men agreed in saying, a yacht race is a
test not merely of speed but also of con
struction and seaworthiness.
At the annual meeting of the California
Yacht Club the following were elected to
hold office for one year: E. N. Walter,
commodore; H. L. Martin, vice commo
dore; G. L. Wakeman. recording secre
tary; A. .C. Glbbs. treasurer; J. J. Sherry,
port captain; A. M. Clay and L. S. Sher
man, directors; J. Carrier, measurer; R.
L. E&mes, 11. L. Clapp and J. H. Clay,
members of the regatta committee; A.
M. Clay, R. . R. THommedieu and E. N.
Walter, delegates to the Pacific Interclub
Yncht Association. The annual report of
the secretary showed that 1899 opened
with forty-one active and four honorary
members on the list, and that during the
year two members who had been granted
leave of absence were restored and fifty
six new members elected, raising the to
tal to 103. The list has been reduced by
death, resignation and leave of absence,
and now stands at eighty. J. Llghtfoot,
secretary of the .Healani Yacht Club of
Honolulu, while on a visit to San Fran
cisco last year was elected an honorary
member of the Callfornlas. .
Notices have been sent out to the mem
bers of the Oakland Canoe Club that the
annual meeting for the election of offi
cers will be held at the clubhouse on Ses
sions Bay, East Oakland, on Saturday,
the 20th, at 8 o'clock in the evening. The
officers to be chosen are the following:
Commodore, vice commodore, secretary
treasurer and two members of the com
mittee on membership..
Palnteii by C. Tebba From a Snap Shot of Noted Dogs in Action on the Field.
DOGS OF THE GUNMEN IN TRAINING FOR THE FIELD TRIALS.
CUBA OF KENWOOD
SfWS BOW
CLAD STAR
MERRY HEfIRT
DOLPHIN CLUB
WILL BANQUET
Alameda Oarsmen Make Ar
rangements for the Barge
Race on Oakland Creek.
The newly elected officers and the mem
bers of the Dolphin Swimming and Boat
ing Club will hold their annual dinner to
night at a downtown restaurant. The of
ficers will be installed, there will be
speeches and an all-round jollification.
Efforts will shortly be made to get to
gether a junior barge crew to represent
the club In the first regatta of the season.
The members of the South End barge
crew that is to race against the Alame.ia
seniors on the 21st Inst. rowed to Hunters
Point and back to the boathouse last Sun
day. They were well satisfied with the
way in which their bout traveled. They
will row their barge over to Oakland
Creek to-morrow and will leave it there
In readiness for the race. If the weather
should prove unfavorable for the row, the
boat will be taken over on the ferry. The
race Is intended to show the public how
well suited Oakland Creek is for such an
event, and it is hoped that arrangements
may be made later for the erection of a
grand stand for spectators and of dress
ing-rooms for oarsmen on the narrow
gauge moie, which has ben filled in and is
now solid ground for its whole length with
the exception of a hundred yards. Oak
land Creek is advantageous for boat-rac
ing for various reasons — an accurate
three-quarters of a mile course can be laid
out by measuring along the railroad
track; spectators can see the start and
finish, or any part of a race, and with the
dressing-rooms and judges' stand, if
erected on the mole, the various events
on the programme could be brought Jff
without tedious waits. The judges will
watch the Alameda-South End race from
a launch, which will start about fifteen
minutes before the barges, as the latter
are considerably faster than a launch. The
race will be started just as the train be
gins to pull away from the mole, so that
persons on board may see the beginning
of the long struggle; by riding on to
Chestnut street and getting off there it
will be possible to reach the Alameda
boathouse In time to see the finish nud
shout for the winners. The Alameda Boat
Club at its last meeting discussed the pos
sibility of mooring coal barges near its
quarters for the accommodation of spec-
At a meeting of the Alameda Boat Club
held last Tuesday the following officers
were elected to serve for the coming half
year: C H. Smith, president; H. \V.
Slaass. vice president; W. B. Hinchman.
recording secretary; C. J. Hague, financial
secretary; David Greenleaf. treasurer;
John Lewis, captain: E. B. Thorning. lieu
tenant captain; James Lewis, sergeant
ut-arms; E. M. Hunter. F. S. Cone and
J. H. Tlmmons, members of executive
board. The semi-annual reports of the
officers showed the club to be in a good
condition, there being a surplus in tho.
general treasury and more than $l»0 in the
boat fur.d.
PROFESSIONAL
GOLFERS IN
COMPETITION
HEET AT OAKLAND TO-DAT
Six Star Players Have Entered
the Tournament on the
Adam's Point Lines.
WHAT is 5n many respects the most
important and interesting golf con
tost that has ever taken place In
California or on the Pacific Coast
¦will commence to-day on the links at
Afiams Point, Oakland. The tournament
for professional golfers arranged by the
o£k;and Club will be a 36-hole contest at
me-dai flay over the long course, which
iias a total length of Zb&j yaras for nine
holes. Play will begin at 1:30 p. m. The
affair is in charge of Vice captain P. E.
Bowles, W. P. Johnson and K. a. Strat
ton. The entries are: Horace Rawlins
a.r.d Willie Anderson, instructors of the
Oakland Golf Club; Alexander Smith,
<*oronado Golf Club; James Melville, Del
Monte links; David Stephenson. San Fran
cisco Golf Club, and f. W. Teiley, San
Kafael <Jolf Club. It was hoped that John
I'unn would be in California In time to
take part in the contest, but his engage
ments in Omaha and Denver render it lm
j>»!-sible for him to reach San Francisco
until next week. On the 2Cth inst. Willie
Dunn will reach this State, and during
the following fortnight it is proposed to
hold several matches for the profes
sionals, all of whom are anxious to give
an exposition of their skill to the golf
lovers of the Pacific Coast.
On the evening of the 20th Inst. an In
formal cotillon will be given at the Oak
land clubhouse to members, who are re
quited to come in golf attire.
The first half of the first home-and
horae match between teams of the Oak
land and San Francisco golf clubs, which
was originally set for to-day, will be
jilayed on the links at the Presidio on the
17th inst.. and the second half on the
Adams Point course on February 3. The
Oakland team will be selected from the
following ten players: W. P. Johnson, P.
K. Bowles. R. M. Fitzgerald, E. R. Fol
£er. J. C. McKw. F. S. Stratton. P. G.
Hoy.-, H. H. Smith, G. D. Greenwood and
H. V. Knowles.
Walter Cosby, champion of the Los
Angeles Country Club, who recently won
the Hotel Gre«n championship at Pasa
dena, came up to this city Intending to
enter the tournament at Oakland, which
he believed to be an "open" one. He was
disappointed to learn that only profes
sionals are admitted to the contest. W.
Cosby is considered by some to be the
Ftronkest player In California; at any
rale, he. with C. E. Maud of Riverside.
C. E. Orr of Pasadena and John Law
pon of the Burllngame Country Club, form
a class by themselves. Mr. Cosby went
around the Presidio course on Wednes
day.
James Melville of Monterey Is visiting
David Stephenson at the Presidio, and
both went over the Oakland course on
Wednesday.
At the annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club held In the clubhouse last
Saturday. 11. B. Goodwin. R. H. Gaylord,
J. W. Byrne, H. D. Pillsbury md C. Page
•were elected directors for the coming
year. At the first meeting of the directors
H. B. Goodwin was chosen captain, and
It. H. Gaylord secretary and treasurer.
The greens committee consists of J. W.
Byrne. L. O. Kellogg and Major H. J.
Gallegher. U. S. V.
Of the professionals who will take part
In to-day's tournament Alexander Smith
Is perhaps least kr.own locally, though he
bears a high reputation among golfers
throughout the United States. He was
born at Carnoustle, in Scotland, and. like
most natives of that place, began to swing
c club almost as soon as the could toddle.
He devoted great pains to the rudiments
of the game and in 1835 was among the
scratch players of the Carnoustle and
Taymouth club. In I*? 7 he had to concede
pn allowance evon to the scratch men.
He won the gold cross, the silver ketUe
presented by the Caledonia Club and the
Ptevenson cup. He made the fine score of
79 on the full medal course and later low
ered the record of the Carnoustle links,
¦which had stood at 75 for some years to
74. Alec (or "Sandy" > Smith is said to be
a thorough sportsman and a splendid
coach, especially. for beglnmrs. He was
for nine years In the employ of the cele
brated Carnoustie clubmaker. Robert
Simpson, who had the highest opinion of
his skill. He came to the United States
in the spring of 183S ami wan engaged by
the Washington Park Golf Club. Chicago
In 383S he was second to Fred Herd for the
open championship of the United States
en the links of the Myopia Hunt Club
and last year was seventh in the open
championship contest held at Baltimore
¦when his brother Will became champion"
It Is said that he has played In more pro
fessional tournaments and has won more
money than any golfer In the United
States. He has been engaged by the Coro
n.ado Golf Club for the winter, but In the
summer will return to the Washington
Park Club. He Is a member of the firm
of Hord. Smith & Yeoman, who manufac
ture some of the best clubs In this coun
try. A fine and interesting exhibition of
polf Is expected when Alec Smith, Willie
Anderson. Horace Rawlins and David
Stephenson meet. The prize money will
Hlmost certainly go to three of the four
Ji.'^t named.
The first open tournament of the Casa
T»ma Golf Club at Redlands recently
played was successful. The men's el*ht
cn-hol<> handicap was won by A. E. Stir
ling- with a score of 192 1, ss 28 — 164; W
fosby being second with a 'score of 170
l«»ss 4—lC6.4 — 1C6. A dozen contestants handed
In score cards. The women's elghteen
nole handicap was won -by Mr*. J. H
Fisher with n score of 123 less 25— 37, Miss
M. Williams being second with 127 less 2S—
99. W . Cosby made th* best gross score
nnd also won the men's driving contest
with a drive of ]R4 yards. Miss M. Wil
liam* won the women's driving contest
with a drive of 123 yards. The approach
putting competition for men. three balls
at 100 yards, was won by E. C. Stirling in
ten strokes, and a similar contest for
¦women at fifty yards by Miss Elsie Otis in
eleven strokes.
At a recent rtrivinp contest on the links
nt the Riverside Polo and Golf Club W
K. Pedley scored 273 yards 2 feet 8 Inches
In two drives, j. r. McNab made 242
yards 1 foot S Inches In three drives, clear
carry. C. K. Maud m»WIe tho longest sinele
ririve. }3S yard*, cleprbarry. On the Rubt
doux links. Plverstde. the lowest gross
score in the NVw Year's day tournament
v^as made by Hays— lM for eighteen holes.
The lowest ret *core was made by Me-
Kab-109 lers 3V- SO. •
FOR FREEDOM
VILL DEFEND
HIS CUP WIN
STARTS FOR GRACE TROFHT
Will Meet Overture, Temple,
Plough Boy, Luxo; and
Other Crack Dogs.
\ LTHOI'GH it has not been announeeil
A authoritatively It Is generally under
stood that For Freedom, the most
remarkable greyhound that ever
went to .slips in California, will be a con
tender for the John Grace challenge cup
next month at Union Park. The great
representative of Pasha Kennels won this
classic stake last year and J. H. Rosseter.
his owner, is anxious to place another win
to his credit. The coming of Overture,
the Irish dog which beat For Freedom
in their puppyhood days, it is claimed by
a fluke, has much to do with the deter
mination to send him to slips again. For
Freedom started some twelve times since
his coming to this coast and none of the
dogs ho met In the various rounds of
these stakes could extend him. So much
has been said and written about this dog
that an immense attendance is expected
when he makes his reappearance on the
coursing field.
Curtis & Sons of San Jose have nomin
ated eight dogs for the rich stake. Ad
these will probably include Luxor. Cava
lier. Cash, Vanity Fair and Beacon, it 13
evident they will make a big bid for the
stake.
Luxor will perform to-day at Union
Park, as will Judge P. J. Reilly's Plough
Boy, which has been on the retired list
for some time. The open stake attracted,
an entry of eighty-eight dogs, and ac
cording to the draw, some great coursin?
should result. At Inglestde a sixty-four
dog open stake is supplemented by a
puppy stake.
A total 01 $60,543 was disbursed among
the coursing men In prize money at Union
Park last year. The park will have been
in operation two yeara next month. Up
to the present time the total prize money
has been »104.285. An equal amount ha.-*
been paiJ In salaries. Eight hundred and
twenty-nine different dogs ran last year
in a total of 6430 courses— an average of
I^s a week. Frank Cushlng has compiled
a wonderful table for the park manage
ment. It shows the time or each course
and the distance by which each dog led
to the hare. Referenco to this will quick
ly settle any question as to a dog' 3 re
versal of form.
T. J. Cronln's Rosie B has been mated
with J. Seggersons Candelaria.
Frank Baker, who trains for D. J.
Healey of Petaluma, will leave for Aus
tralia Immediately after the John Graco
cup stake. He expects to return with
a string of good dogs.
J. L. Ross, formerly of Petaluma, has
brought his string of dogs to this city
and will go In strongly for coursing.
M. B. Kavanaugh's Swedish has been
mated with N. P. Whiting's Rochester.
J. O'Shea's Golden Shore has whelped
a litter of puppies to Frank Moran's Falso
Flatterer. Golden Shore is by Rusty Gold
out of Wave, one of the most noted lit
ters, whelped on this coast.
Joseph Mazztnl's Pearl Fullerton has
* helped a litter of six puppies to John
Kerrigan's St. Lawrence. Three of them
are dogs.
J. 11. Rosseter. master of Pasha Ken
nels, has sent instructions from England
that Firm Friend be retired from the*
field and allowed to end his days In peace.
The old dog is one of the truest winning
greyhounds ever seen here, being a splen
did type of dog.
James Dean's Brilliantlne has whelped
a litter of six puppies to the same own
er's Moondyne. Two of them died of In
anition.
David Dillon's Cranuale has been mated
with J. Seggerson's Candelaria.
R E. de B. Lopez's Wasted Time has
whelped a litter of eight puppies to tho
same owner's Rochester. Five of the lit
ter are dogs.
SPORTS
5ELECTION FORECASTS.
WITH the opening of each year of a Presidential
election political experts begin to make fore
casts of the probable results of the campaign.
This year is no exception to the rule. Although to
the general public it seems as well assured as any
thing in the future can be that McKinley will be re
nominated and re-elected, there are not lacking
political calculators who believe, or at least profess
to believe, that the result is by no means so certain
a c . it appears.
The New York Post is one of the authorities that
sees danger ahead for the Republican party unless the
leaders in Congress this^winter act with marked dis
cretion in dealing with issues upon which the peo
ple have not yet made up their minds. It points out
that -while McKinley obtained 271 out of 447 votes in
the Electoral College in 1896, and polled over 600.000
more ballots than Bryan, yet it would have taken a
comparatively small change of votes in a few States
to have made Bryan President. The Post says:
In the first place, while McKlnley's victory in IS%
was. in one sense overwhelming:, analysis shows that
the change of less than 34.000 votes In four Southern
and two Northern States would have put his opponent
ln the White House. Bryan secured one of the electors
from Kentucky, and McKinley j obtnined tho other
twelve* by pluralities not exceeding 2SI; the other three
States of the formerly "solid South" which went for
McKinley were carried by 3537 votos In Delaware, I\.-.
457 in West Virginia and 32.2.'J2 in Maryland. Bryan se
cured one of the nine electors from California, and lost
the other eight by pluralities rising no higher than 1922.
Indiana wont for McKinley by a plurality of IS.ISI. In
other Words, if the hesitating voters In these half dozen
States, who made up their minds at the last moment,
had gone the other way to the number of 141 In Ken
tucky. 902 ln California, 1019 In Delaware, 5744 In Wrst
Virginia. 0001 ln Indiana and 16.117 in Maryland. Bryan
would have had 22S electoral votes and tho Presidency!
despite tho fact that even then McKlnley's plurality
over him at the polls would have been much more than
half a million. .
The New York Times, on the other hand, sees no
leason whatever to doubt the result. It claims that
the Middle Western States — Minnesota, Wisconsin,
Illinois. lowa. Michigan, Indiana and Ohio — are sure
for McKinley in case Bryan be nominated. It then
goes on to say: \
Nobody pretends that Bryan has the least chance
to carry any Now England State. The New England
States have together 39 electoral votes. New York, with
25 Votes; Now Jersey, with 10, and Pennsylvania, with
22 votes, can never be carried by W. J. Bryan or any
other candidate Btanding on the Chicago platform.
Thf.se three groups of absolutely sure anti-Bryan
States, therefore, make this showing:
. Electoral
Votes.
New England » 39
Lllddle States 7S
Middle Western States 115
Total ...."]..... 232
There arc ln all 447 electoral votes. It requires 224
to elect. The Republican candidate's . election is as
sured, with 8 votes to spare, by the sixteen States" in
cluded In these croups. We may leave Delaware, Mary
land, West Virginia, Oregon, Kentucky; and Ca'ffornia
altogether out of the account. They, were MdClnley
States In ISftG. They would not be Bryan States
year. But the demonstration Is complete in the little
table wo have given. , , r -
In the wide difference between those two forecasts
there is room for almost every person to have an
opinion of his own. It. seems as certain that the
Democrats will renominate Bryan as that the Re
publicans will nominate McKinley ' and the ¦ con
test, therefore, will be virtually along the old lines.
Nothing has occurred since 1896 to give reason why
any voter who opposed Bryan then should favor him
mow, while in the widespread prosperity of the coun
try under the McKinley administration 'there arc a
multitude of reasons why large numbers of men who
were misled by the silver movement" in 1896 should
vote for sound money this year. ...
Of course speculations concerning the fnture'are
always interesting, and therefore election forecasts
will take their place among, the subjects of conver
sation and news of the year, but it is not at all likely
The Prison Commissioners of Idaho must have
taken a contract for a' life interest in the welfare of
their State convicts. The Commissioners insist thnt
all pardoned criminals must abstain for life from
drinking and gambling. This may be an insinuating
way of suggesting that the convicts should remove
themselves from the earth.
In an address recently at the Academy of Sciences
G. B. Benhaxn quoted history to show that great
municipalities decay under the influence of com::icr
ciaHim. The moral to be deduced, no doubt, is that
San Francisco, with her booming interests, is rush
ing headlong in thr.t direction. What a glorious death
to die!
While the public apology of the Western Turf As
sociation to the California Jockey Club may be an
object lesson in humiliation, it serves better to show
the effects of evil company. . It will take nuorc than
an apology to make Corrigan a fit associate for any
body other thar. his kind.
Russbn railway and steamship agents give us the
assurance that within a very few years San Francisco
will be the third city in importance in the United
States. These complimentary critics must have been
reading one of the ante-election, rainbow speeches of
Mayor Phelan.
An Alamcda Judge has come to the conclusion that
philosophically considered there is not much justifi
cation in punishing people on this earth by the hand
of the law. This may be a polite way in which the
Judge wants to hint that he is looking for anoth-i
job.
Governor Gage seems to be greatly concerned over
the quarantine system for San Francisco. If he has
any personal fears on the subject his absence from
the city will rot be made a theme for regret.
It is reported now that General Methuen is suffer
ing from spinal trouble Tlie Boers show no signs of
anything of the icind.
that the issue will be involved in any doubt when
once the nominations have been made. The Bryan
platform promises to be even more radical.aiid revo
lutionary than before, but it is safe to say that many
Democrats who were swept off their feet by the agi
tation growing out of the bad times have now re
covered their balance and will cast their votes' for
the party of prosperity, leaving Mr. Bryan in such a
hopeless minority that the faction of discontent which
he represents will no longer be a factor in American
politics.
SAY. M UE:s> ' dia guy Pnelan an . h , s bunc ft er can didate? for de oV
Etr c . 8 . V. Ome sives me a Pain," eald "Lefty" Bannon to his friend
..tugs o Rafferty as they shoved their Icy foet against one of tho
a* k«,, ? es ! heate »"S In the City Hall. "Dey oushtcr tro' demselves into
ac Dat cave an give de key to der 'Wanderin' Jew.' DeVre de -worscst ever.
More'n half a dem's got a foot In de grave an* an
nudder on a bananer peelln', but dey ain't got sense
enough to ta,ke a tumble.
"On de level. 'Mugs.' I'd like to know where you
an* me an' de rest uv de boys gits off wid that out-,
fit. Pipe de guys wot's got our jobs cleanin' de hall.'
What? Y'ain't on? Well, you're n bad one. W'y.
dere ain't wunna dem rabbits wot ain't got wunna
Jimmy's brudder-'n-law's rent receipts in his Rick—
not a wunna dem. De nex' t'lng wtf know. Frank
Sullivan 'II be openin' a non-partnership grocery 'n'
steam joint.
"Yes. 'Mugs,' It's all up wid us fellys. We ain't
got no more show dan wunna Morosco's chorus pirls
in an.rilley full of doods. I kin see de typewritin'
on de wall an', aldoush I never landed a winner
w'en Ed Corrigan wuz In de same race. I'm dore wid
steam fer de gang if I ain't readin* it right..
"Now. 'Mugsy.' dls is wats comln' off. Phelan
Is going to buy a half interest ln Biggy's laundry
and Doc McNutt's Sutter street Joint an' ev'ry
hay« tn nn ay „-< iv t wunn a de guys dey've put to worts fer de city 'II
aik!nff H..n" t °i c gameS - InStld UV Vln> Jake Raver a Chan « tO mak *
mem nnH k V » . PUt dese P r °mlssory come-ons to work In de Street Depart
™* a feflv oa ?H m d ° Tr ?? Urer ' 8 omce on P^ **?¦ Dafs straight. I
In'alnnL der - day ~* frlen ' uv mlne-an' he put me wise. He's driv
de boa 7*? a f°?J 0 Z ;, Washh0 «'c' Blggy. He said de very nex' day after
uv dem wS p?e?ers ' * Cornmlss!oner dcv ** 400 new customers, an' all
AllTrTnnl!!^ loose / Ooozey wuz holdlnV down de job It wuz different.
Gooz P V» PP , a ft 0f t0 d 0 to kMpln de warn > belt wuz to drop Into Moosey
a cZm, ! !. St ° re wunsfna Wile an' play de machine an' hand de sarge
h»^ ' As.thurA 5. thur ® vry now an' den. Now. w'en de sarge comes ye couldn'
",' ',"' a er - e raj Arthur on a telephome pole. Da
f"? e u? a 8/ 0t a strQl *ht tip. He just lamps de peel
nm.«? w,m O On! n , an ' lf "4 **>"*"' wunna 'Wash
house \\ illie s Taundry marks he loses his job.
to i,. udd * m i « ht wunna de coppers on Captain
i f 5 S fl ?' at . C » Brot Blck ln de a «e«nbly room an P fell
•c»l? „„ V. i Hn 7 UP 6ez wunna de new sergeants:
call up de Receivin' Hospital.' Captain Jack looked
black at 'Im. 'Do nothln', uv de kind.' he says:
"««t-M 8 Tll*,T 11 *, f ollce Com mlssloner Biggy's wagona
outside. Send de poor felly in that to Dr. McNutt's!'
An they did. Before de, wagon started off wld de
sick copper Doc McNutt kern downstairs an* tola
de driver to. git aroun* de nex' day fer de hospital
washin'. • An. after all dat. 'Mugsy,* summa- dese
preacher guys has got de gall to say dat politics
don t pay. Woodcnat Jar ye?
"I hear dat Cap Wittman wuz up to de McNutt
factory yesterday them feeta his'n. Doc Mac
wuzn't in, so Doc Anderson sat on his case. De
cap tole him dat a couple a years ago he got cold
reet over de Chief's job an* hadn't been able to git ¦ ' •
dem warm since. You -know Doc Anderson. 'Mugsy'; he's a purty
wise Buy, but he knew in a minnlt he couldn't do a-flne for Wit fa
feet. De case wuz too chronic. But Doc didn't say so-not on yer life. 'Mugsv'
-he jest snaked out a big knife, tole Witt he'd have to take th' kidneys out
mall V/ e *i an l m^ e t Pa ! S aS dOUSh he meant Jt - Nobody knows how de cap
made de time he did, but he was hi de City Hall In two minutes, an* you could
hear his feet perspirln' clear out to de street. ! f^"-^ -«"
"If Wltt'll ony stop worryln' abcut dat Chief's job de frost'll never hit his
bunions again. He might as well. Me frien\ Fred Esola. has got a bunch uv
tickets on cv ry line In de play, and can't lose. And say. 'Mugsy.' don't tip dls
off to de boys down at Mudder Riley's, but Sarge Moffltt Is adjacent fer dat
" ' property clerk's job, and Loot Birdsall will be dp
only pupil In de new Chief's eye.
"An', by de beer. 'Mugsy,' I'm dead nex* to dat
whole Maxwell business. Phelan and Garret Mc-
Enerney were In de cabinet de udder day, an* a
geezer wot sweeps out de office nex* door cocks his
drums on de talk an' hands It all to me. It wuz
de day after Jimmy had given George de tro'down,
after promisln' to make it pork chops greasy for Max
and Mike Splnettl. Domlnick an' de whole wad.
Well, w'en dey see dat tro'down, dat Fire Depart
ment bunch got a-sizzlln' an* smokin* worse dan
wunna 'Hay Barn' Flynn's flres_ Dey sends fer Mc-
Enerney. De big lawyer leaves a million-dollar case
agin de railroad layin' on his desk like a cigar butt
an' blows out to see de Mayor.
"Well, dey chewed de frat flag fer an hour
Jimmy says he's sorry he can't keep his promises
widout lockin* 'em In a safe deposit. Den Mac gets
mad an' says tings to de kid Mayor dat made his
hair curl an' didn't cost him a cent. Den he rushed
out wld a frame on an' files dat suit. I wnnrior
were de Mayor '11 fret off wld dat second childhood bunch he's tralnln' wid
w'en Garret turns dat Fire Department hose loose?
"You don't know? Of course yon don't, 'Mugs.' If you. did you'd have
J. Richard's Job on de Snivel Service Commish. Listen to me, 'Mugsy,' an'
you'll learn in time."
Qet Neat Sunday's Call.
SATURDAY JANUARY 13. i?K»
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Adaress Ali Ccmrr.un:cit>ons to W. S. LEAKE. Mansger
JTIJI.HATION Ol'FlCi:..Mnrkrt nnd Third. S. V.
Trlrphunr Main I*US.
EDITORIAL R00M5.'.". .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Mnln 1M74.
Delivered l*jr Carrier*. 15 Cents Per WeeU.
Mr.cif 4'oplc*. 5 (>nl«.
Term* tiy Mall. 1 nclmllnt; I'oxtnsre:
DAILY ( \U, it nclndlnc Sunday), one ycar..Mftn
l)\tl.V ( Al.l. (Including >».nd:i> >. «S month*.. 3.00
IHII.V cam. <inelndintr Sunday*. :i months.. 1.r.0
DAILY CALL IJ>- Mncl<> Month «T.e
bI.MJAY CALL One Year IJSO
Ul:i:klY CALL One Year 1.00
.»ll pustmaater* are authorized to receive
• ab*erlptlou«.
Sample eoi>ien *i ill be forwarded when reqneated
OAtiLAM) OPFiCU OOS Brondvray
c. (,i;o:t(ir, KKOGXESS.
Manager 1 orric» Advertising. Mnrqavtte Dnlld-
Inr, Chicago.
STEW YORK COItRESPOXDEXTi
C. C. CAULTOX Herald Sqnare
KEW YORK KEPIIKSEXTATIVEI
PEnnt LIIvE.VS JR 2t> Tribune liuildine
cniCAco xnws staxdsi
Sherman Ilonne; P. O. Xcwii Co.j Great Xorth
ern Hotel: I'n-moni Iloane; Auditorium Hotel.
BTEW VOHK SEWS STANDS «
Waldorf- A* tarln Hotel { A. Urrntano, 31 Union
Squares Morny 11111 Hotel.
WASHI\r.TOX <Ti. C> OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. CXCUSH, Correnpondent.
lIRAXr.Ii OFFICES— ."27 Vimtcontfry. comer of
Clay, open nntll f»:.'!O o'clock. ."'.»«> Hnyea.
open nntll O:3<» o'clock. <i:ti» .McAllister, open
until UiSO o'clock. t>l.*> l.nrl.in, open until
DtSO o'clock. 1!»41 Mission, open nntll 1<»
o'clock. -U«>j Market, corner sixteenth, open
nntll tl o'clock. 1(I9(> Valencia, open until (I
o'clock. I(KJ Kleventli. open nnttl :» o'clock.
X\V. corner Tivcnty-second and Kentucky.
open cntll '.» o'clock.
THE SUNDAY CALL'S MAGAZINE SECTION IS NOW THE R-CCGNIZ2D
STANDARD OF EXCELLENCE IN AMERICA. -^u^cU
Sunset Mothers' Meeting.
At a meeting of the Mothers" Club of the
Sunset district In tho Lake Honda School
last Thursday afternoon the audience. In
cluding the parents and the school chil
dren, were treated to a very Interesting
lecture by- Mrs. Mary O. Stanton. author
of the "Encyclopedia of Face and .Form
Reading." Tho subject was "Physiogno
my and Its Rotation to Beauty or Ugliness
In tho Human Form." This lecture was a
very exhaustive dissertation upon the
subject In hand and was replete with or
iginal and beautiful Ideas. The theme was
THE COMPLETE STORY OF MY LIFE.
By LUCKY BALDWIN.
WHAT TO DO WHEN YOUR BEST GIRL SAYS YES.
By R. K. MUNKITTRICK.
THE REMARKABLE STORY OF LILLIE YOUNG.
SAN FRANCISCO'S NEW FORTIFICATIONS.
GIRLS WHO POSE FOR THE ARTISTS.
WHAT IT COSTS AN ACTRESS TO DRESS.
THE RESCUE OF CHEO.
THE PRESERVATION OF OUR FORESTS.
A CRITICAL REVIEW OF THE LATEST BOOKS
B/ PROF.H. B. LATHROP of Stanford ' University.
DRAMATIC FEATURES, FASHIONS, ETC.
BESTED HIS SUPERIOR OFFICER.
Rear Admiral Stephen B. Luce. U. S. N..
retired, has always been noted for his
ready wit,' and a great many stories are
told among naval men of his bright say
ings. But of all of them perhaps the fol
lowing best Illustrates his quick repartee:
When Admiral Luce was a young man,
an ensign or- a lieutenant— lt matters not
here — it so happened ono summer that his
ship for some days lay at anchor -6ff a
well-known seashoro resort. Of course, the
ofilccrs, young and old, were much fei^d
and were often ashore. One night, after
some function or other, a party of th*
voting ofllcers. among whom " was Mr.
Luce, set out for the ship. They had had
an excellent time and were feeling very
lolly, laughing nnd talking perhaps rather
hilariously. They drow up to tho ship,
and leaving the boat clambered up thq
gangway. Mr. Luco in tho lead. Tho of
llcer of the deck, hearing so much noise
of mirth, met them with a severe glance
as they stepped on deck. .He looked them
over one by one. and then turning to Mr.
Luce, who was the life of the party, he
said:
"Mr. Luce, 1 am surprised; you are
tight. air!"
Quick as a -flash came tho answer:
- "Why. sir, 1 do not know what you
moan, sir. If Stephen B. Luce, how can
ho be tl«ht. sir?"
A ready answer turneth away wrnth.
The officer of. the deck walked away,
laughing.— Philadelphia Evening Post.
JYBJCi^^IOIQQy S %b/Cfl( 9
JANUARY 14, 1900.
The Fastest Train Across the Conti-
nent.'
Tha California Limited. Santa F» Rout*.
Connecting; train leaves S p. m.. .Monday,
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, f Finest
equipped train and best track of any Una to
the East.' Ticket office. 628 Market street.
Keep looking youns tnd save your hair, lta
color anil beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Illndercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 eta!
The best regulator of th« digestive organs
and the bfst arpetiier known Is Dr. Slegerfi
Angostura Bitters. Try it.
Personally Conducted Excursions.
In improved wlde-vestibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping oars via Santa Fe Route, Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of pas?engers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Frltlay. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Lcuij
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. €23 Market street
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CARICATURE BILI^-M. C. 0.. City.
What was known during the session of
Ihe last htld Legislature as "th> cjrica
tura bill" was passed and became a law.
ROSEDALE-McM.. City. There Is a
place called Rosedale in Kern County,
distant from San Francisco 314 miles by
rail to Bakeisfleld, thence six miles by
team.
PREMIUM ON COINS— A. L... Vallejo.
Cal. There is no premium offered by coin
collectors on a $2 CO piece of 1553. nor on J5
gold pieces coined after 1534. If a half
eagle of that date has on the reverse the
legend "E Pluribus Unum" it commar.cl-s
a premium of from ono to two dollar*.
None of the other coins in the list sub
mitted command a premium.
A NOTE— A friend cf this department
writes as follows on the subject of statute
of limitation in regard to a note and, be
ing a lawyer, writes that he does this to
advise people on the subject: "The.
statute of limitations does not begin to
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS
EMPIRE MANTLE.
The Empire mantle represented In the Il
lustration is of velvet of two shades" the
front being of light mauve velvet with
painted wreaths of palms, and the back
and flounces of violet velvet.
LORD ROBERTS ON THE FIELD
p^IELD MARSHAL LORD ROBERTS has ar
| rived in South Africa with General Kitchener as
chief of staff, and the British public is now hold
ing its breath waiting to see what will happen. The
waiters will probably wait a long time. Roberts- is
too old a man to act hastily in a. field to which he
is unaccustomed, and General Kitchener, it is known,
is one of those soldiers who believe in organizing for
victory rather than in undertaking to seize it by a
sudden dash. Even when pitted against the Dervishes
in the Soudan Kitchener toak two years to prepare
himself for the conflict, made every movement slowly
and deliberately, and advanced no faster than he could
build his railroad. The general who displays so much
of prudence in an attack upon poorly armed barba
rians is hardly likely to be guilty of rashness in a war
against a foe which has proven itself to be so-dan
gerous as the Boers.
The favor with which Roberts is regarded by Brit
ish soldiers is something extraordinary. An ex
chaplain of the British army in a recent sketch of him
contributed to the New York Sun says: -"Field Mar
shal Lord Roberts is a remarkable personality. In
the first place he is, like the great Wellington, an
Irishman, and never fails to awaken, the enthusiasm
of the sons of Erin. Then his name is one to charm
with throughout the whole of India, where he is
feared and dreaded on the one hand and beloved and
honored on the other from Cape Comorin to the
Oxus River. 'Bobs' never knows when he is de
feated. I remember when lie achieved his victory in
the Kuram Valley; his officers declared that he was
defeated, but Roberts never knew it. and awoke next
morning as a victorious general ready for the fray."
The same correspondent approves of the report
that General Roberts, before leaving London, ad
vised that a large force of. native Indian cavalry be
sent to South Afrjca for service, and says: "And
why not? The Sikhs and Goorkhas for the last fifty
years have been the most loyal troops in the British
army, and a few regiments' of Punjab cavalry would
have saved General Buller from defeat. Ordinary!
folk have- the impression that the native army of,
India cannot be trusted. But there never has been.;
during the most trying periods of British rule in
India, the least doubt as to the loyalty of the Sikhs
and Goorkhas. and they are as much a part of the
forces of the empire as the loyal legions of Canada
and Australia." -
Whether the general will undertake an advance. at
once or try waiting tactics remains to be seen.
Political reasons exist for an immediate advance. It
is estimated that the war is costing Great Britain up
ward of two hundred million dollars a month, and the
Ministry needs at this time, a victory in order to re
tain its hold upon the Commons. Therefore both for
the sake of saving expense by shortening the war and
for the purpose of achieving a victory .wliicii will
strengthen the- Government, the , field; marshal j may
be inclined to make an immediate advance in force/
On- the- other hand, military reasons incline in favor
of delay. ;He has everything to gain by xvniting for
reinforcements and artillery, while the Boers, oh the
other hand, likq all irregular armies, will suffer- from
every month-of inaction.
further discussed by Mrs. M. Fitzgerald
secretary of the San Francisco Teachers'
Club; Miss Eliza D. Keith. Miss Ida Ke7-
Y a . n of Washington Grammar School and
School S ° f the Bernal Hei Sht3
Golden Gate's Anniversary
On the night of the .th of next month
the members of Golden Gate Council of
the Young Men"B Institute will celebrate
the thirteenth anniversary of the institu-
tion of the council by a grand ball In
Native Sons' Hall. This is to be an even-
Ins: dress affair.
¦ Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone ilain IM2. •
Townsend's famous* .broken caijdy JOe
pound while at 735 Market street. •
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— 0. J. Humphrey
of San Francisco Is at the Hoffman; Miss
E. H. Pitchford of San Francisco Is at
the Holland.
C ALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— TV. H. Avery
of San Francisco is at the Gordon; H. L.
Knowles of San Francisco is at the
Raleigh; F. C. Baxter of San Francisco
is visiting friends in Washington.
THE SITUATION IN KENTUCKY.
LATE reports from Kentucky are to the effect
that the Republican leaders, while not aban
doning the right against Goebel in the Legis
lature, arc expecting assistance from Washington to
cid them in seating Taylor in the event that Gocbcl
should be counted in by the Legislature. It is not
clear what sort of aid the Republican* expect the
Federal Government to give. If, under the law of
Kentucky, the Legislature has the right to count
the vote and decide who has been elected Governor,
the Federal Government has no right to interfere.
One of the Republican leaders, Major A. T. Wood,
IS quoted as saying: "Taylor has been elected, and
if he is turned out by an arbitrary board we could not
countenance its action. We should fight if it be neces
sary." Worse advice than that it will be impossible
for the Republicans to receive from any source. The
belief that Taylor was elected is founded on ample
evidence. The returns of the election on their face
show a majority in his favor, and the State Election
Commission, although a Democratic body, Rave a
certificate of election to the Republican candidate. If
rcw the Democratic Legislature should reverse the
action of the Election Commission and#?eat Goebel,
the action would be an outrage, but there would be
no recourse left except to submit an appeal to the
people or to the courts, in case the law of Kentucky
provides any appeal to them from the Legislature.
Under any circumstances an attempt to rc?ist by
force would be ruinous to the Republican prospects
in Kentucky for the re«t of this generation. Such
tactics would not have the support of the Republicans
elsewhere md would be certain to fail. It is to be
hoped the Republican leaders in Kentucky will be
too '.veil advised to make a movement which would
injure the chances of the party to earn' the State this
fall. There -.va? a strong popular protest in'th; last
election against Goebel's tactics, and it was led by
some of the ablest Democrats in the State. It is
therefore safe to say that if his partisans in the Legis
lature count him in unjustly the public indignation in
the State would make the State Republican for years
to come. > -,-,.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. J. Ilebbron, a Salinas rancher. Is at
the Grand.
W. M. Spence, an oil magnate- of Selma,
is at the Lick.
J. B. Lankershtxn of Los Angeles Is a
guest at the Palace.
J. C. Bull Jr., a prominent business man
of Arcata. is at the Lick.
A. H. Schnabel, a wealthy fruit grower
of Newcastle, is at the Grand.
Captain and Mrs. W. W. Head. TJ. S. N.,
are at the Palace for a short stay.
Dr. and Mrs. J. J. Reed of New Jersey
are among the late arrivals at the Palace.
T. D. Petch. a leading merchant of Eu
reka, is registered for a short stay at the
Grand. »
C. S. Jackson, a newspaper man and
publisher of Pendleton, Or., Is at the Oc
cidental.
Joseph R. Ryland, the San Jose banker
and capitalist, is at the California with
his family.
H. W. McClellan, a wealthy lumber
dealer of Eureka, is among the recent ar
rivals at the Lick.
"W. L. Gazzan, a well-known Insurance
man of Seattle, was among the arrivals
yesterday at the Occidental.
James McCudden, accompanied by his
daughter, has come down from Vallejo.
They are registered at the Grand.
Rev. T. Rose Price and R. A. Grove An
nesley, travelers from England, " arrive.l
in the city yesterday and went to the Oc
cidental.
FROM the developments which have been made in the affairs of the Police Commis
sion it has become evident that a part of the programme arranged is the appoint
ment of Jules J. Callundan to the office of Chief of Detectives. The mere sugges
tion of such a man •'or so important a position is sufficient to arouse the indignation of
all who know anything. about the career of Callundan and the power which will be placed
in his hands by appointment to that office.
Up to the present time The Call has taken no part " in the reorganization of the
Police Department, but has contented itself with the presentation of the news. Now,
however, since it has become evident that it is the intention to turn the department over
to men who are in favor of allowing the largest license for gambling and blackmail, The
Call enters a protest on behalf of the people and gives warning that if the programme
be carried out this paper will not cease its efforts on behalf of decency and morality un
til the entire plot has been exposed and defeated by arousing public indig-
It appears that Mayor Phelan, for the purpose of obtaining support during his cam
paign, agreed to turn the Police Department over -to men who design to use it for their
own advantage. Callundan was put on the police force at the request of Dan Burns by
the manipulation of Mose Gunst. The people will, remember that not long ago Gunst,
who was then a Police Commissioner, declared himself in favor of making San Francisco
a "wide open town." By that phrase was meant that this city should be a place in which
gamblers and all the toughs and touts that follow the gambling fraternity should have
unlimited license to ply their nefarious trades. The desire of Gunst was defeated for the
time. It now appears that through the eagerness of Mayor Phelan to obtain a. re-election
Gunst and those who act with him have obtained a virtual control of the department, and
their tools are to be placed in positions where, instead of enforcing the laws of the city,
they can give protection to the blackleg's. .:;£>:
In this situation the public looks to the newly appointed Commissioners for protec
tion. These /nen have borne good reputations in the community and have had the es
teem of the people, not only in the professions which they follow, but in social life. They
will lose all that esteem if they consent to carry out the programme to which they have
been pledged. There are some promises which, like those customs of which Shakespeare
spoke, "are more honored in the breach than in the observance," and this is one of
them. No pledge that could have been given will justify the Police Commissioners 'in
appointing as Chief of Police a man who will make such a man as Callundan chief of the
detective force. It would be a virtual surrender on their part to the basest elements of the
city, and something like an actual association with the gamblers and thugs who expect to
profit by the programme.
The Call has no fear of any favoritism the Police Department may show to other
papers in the matter of news. It has ample facilities for obtaining information and can
take care of itseif in that respect. It makes this protest solely in the interest of public
morality. If the proposed police programme be carried out no office nor home nor class
of society will be safe from the corrupting and degrading enticements of gambling., If
Callundan be appointed chief of detectives San Francisco will be wide open to all the
avenues that lead to corruption, degradation, vice, villainy, prostitution and crime. •
The Call has proof that Mayor Phelan, by reason of his campaign entanglements,
had no option in the appointing of Police Commissioners. He named men whom the
gang in favor of a wide-open town forced upon him. It is. for these Commissioners, se
lected in that way, to determine whether they will remain pliant tools of the" gang now
that they know for what purpose they are to be used. Their promise was obtained under
false pretenses, for they were not informed of the full extent of the programme. /Since
they have learned that the appointment of the Chief of Police to whom they are. pledged
will entail the further appointment to the office of chief of the detective force of a manJirfi
competent, corrupt, vicious and utterly unworthy hi any respect, they will', be not only
duped, but dishonored, if they perpetrate that offense against the community.
A DISGRACEFUL PROGRAMME.
"LEFTY" BANNON HANDS
IT OUT ON THE LOW DOWN
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
run until the maturity of the- note,
whether made in or out of the Statp of
California. Say that a note bea.-si date
February 1. 190"). and Is payable ten years
after date, these ten years must b* added
to the statutory time the nota wou.*l run
according as it is made in or out of . V.ns
State (four years in and two years or.t).
Thus a r.ote executed or payable in Cali
fornia three years after d;ito will tint ma
ture until the three years have been com
pleted, afte- which the note has *Ull four
years of 'life' before i: will outlaw.
CUTTHf:— C. Sylvan Dale, Watsoxnrllte,
CaL In. the extraction of butter the mills
is allovvccl to cool and the cream which
rises to the surface 1? skimmed off and
put Into a larire. deep eartlienware TWB*l;
where it lies for severnl dnys till enough
has been collected for a churnir.j. A
swifter method is by the r:se ofseparator*
In order to tepgnte tne Gutter from the
m!lk recourse Is always had to the pro
cess of churning. The process of churn-
Ing must !•,» conducted at a medium rate.
If too quickly performed the butter is soft
ami frothy, while when too slowly mada
It is highly tenacious; strong tasted and
badly flavored. When all the butter has
come, which is knmvn hy the particles ag
glutinating: into irrp^ul.ir masses, the but
ter is mad? by talthtg the. lumps and weU
washing and KaemSlcs them on a wooden
board in a tub of pint sprirts v.-ater until
all the buttermilk ha.s been expressed. .It
is then divided into the requisite size of
lump and fashioned into rolls or molded
into form?. In the making 1 of butter the
hands should be scrupulously clean and
free from the slightest t.-lnt of soap. Per
sons subject to moisj hand* should never
knead, butter, as it la very liable to be
contaminated by the sllßhtest foreign
matter, especially animal secretions. This
department has not the space to enter
upon all the details of butter-making. Any
first-class bcok dealer can procure for you
a book that will give you the ; different
methods of butter-making.
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Tfce Prirwsa and the ButterSj."
On>J:<*uni— VauderKl*.
Coltirr.Ma— "Th* Christian." .
Oiun-.bia — IJeneflt to Mme. Fatbrl-Mueller to-morrow night.
Tivoli— -'Little 80-lVep."
Grand Open-hiwzr — "Slnbad."
Alcazar— "Mysterious Mr. Bucle."
Alhainbra— "An Affair cf Honor."
O.ute*, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every aftfrnoon and
•ren'.ns.
ClympJa. corner Mr.fen aril KK'.s Ftre»ts— Specialties.
Weftem Turf A«frfinti"n— Races to-rtar.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cha«p & Mendenhall— TuVsday, January 16. at 11 o'clock.
Xligli-rlaiis Kcadftwi and Trotters, rt ITCI Market pirwt.
6Palace and I
Grand Hotels |
For nearly a quarter of a century th« T
leading hotels on tha Pacific Coast, t
With added improvements and con- ?
venlences they continue to be the head- ?
quarters for tourists and travelers via- ?
Ittne San Francisco. +
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
Manager.
Sure Enough Fagin.
Annie Fagin, 60 years of age, was con
victed In Judge Mogan's court yesterday
on the charge of petty larceny. She was
ordered to appear for sentence this morn-
Ing. Christmas day she called at Mrs.
Maude Parker's house, 728% Harrison
street, and begged for something to eat,
as she said she was starving. Mrs. Parker
gave her a good dinner, and while she was
out of the room for a few minutes Annie
Fagin stole a purse containing $11 60. She
made the mistake of begging from Mrs.
Parker and her husband on the street
Thursday, and, being recognized, was
handed over to a policeman.
Jfseo Moore "AA" whiskey is used at all prin-
cipal hospitals In the United States. Why Is It?
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
Kdiy tad Jonas Sts. PHONE. SOUTH T7O.
MATINEE TO-DAY t TO-NIGHT
Tha Rentz-Stanley Novelty and Burlesque Com-
"AN AFFAIT OF HONOR"
POPULAR PRICES:
Evening 13c, 25c, 35a. EOo and 73c.
Matinee 12c. 23c. SSc and 60c.
STARTINO TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AF-
TERNOON.
THE how™<»"A HOT
RAYS' BCCC£Bi OLD TIME"
SEAT 3 READY
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. JAN. 13.
Parquet. 2Sc. any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part.
The HlKh-water Mark of Vaudeville.
THE ELJNORE SISTERS,
la George M. Cohan's Greatest Hit, "DAN-
OEROUS MRS. DELANEY."
FRANK LATONA. The Musical Tramp.
CHARLES A. GARDNER, JOHN and NEL-
LIE MacARTHEY. BILLY RICE and H. W.
FRILLMAN. THE ROZINOS. DOROTHY
DREW. THORNE and CARLETON.
Laat Two Appearances of the Reigning Fa-
vorite.
...FOUCERE...
WHILE the Phelan administration
of police affairs, as personified
by Acting Chief Blggy. Is roll
ing up its eyes in holy horror
at the vice it claims to have
discovered In Chinatown and Is making
a great grand stand show of suppressing
the gambling Jolnt6 and other dens of
Infamy, It has overlooked a point or two,
or the acting Chief has made a bad politi
cal break in his sledge-hammer raids on
the haunts of the heathens.
Among the joints whose doors gave way
to the blows of Biggy's hatchet men none
harbored a more vicious outfit or Is more
notorious In Chinatown than the gam
bling resort at the corner of Sullivan
alley and Baker court. The building Is
awned by Frank -J. Sullivan. Mr. Sulli
van is the brother-in-law and one of the
political advisers of Mayor Phelan.
Mr. Biggy may not liave known this
when he directed Wa men to chop down
the front doors last Wednesday night. If
"AMONG THE JOINTS WHOSE DOORS GAVE WAY TO THE BLOWS OF
BIGGY'S HATCHET MEN NONE HARBORED A MORE VICIOUS OUTFIT
OR IS MORE NOTORIOUS IN CHINATOWN THAN THE GAMBLING RE
SORT AT. THE CORNER OF SULLIVAN ALLEY AND BAKER COURT. THE
BUILDING IS OWNED BY FRANK J. SULLIVAN. MR. SULLIVAN IS THE
BROTHER-IN-LAW AND ONE OF THE POLITICAL ADVISERS OF MAYOR
PHELAN."
A-MTTCTTMTrHTR.
A MTJSEMENTS.
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Cok*.
OFFICE. 813 FOLSOM ST.
ONE PLACE WHERE
MEN LEAD OFFICERS
STATISTICS OF THE VOLTJNTEEB
ORGANIZATIONS.
More Men Came Out Than Originally
Went in, but the Officers Came
Out Fewer.
¦ Statistics of the volunteer forces com
piled by the War Department show a bet
ter record for the men than for the offi
cers. While the ofilcers came out with
something like COO less than when they
went In, the men had Increased In number
by more than 10.000. The explanation for
this lies In the fact that after the com
panies were mustered in at a force of
eighty-four they were Increased by re
cruits to 109. The total number killed In
action was 190 men and 18 officers, and 78
men and 3 officers died of wounds. . Dis
ease claimed 119 ofilcers and 3729 men. The
total force was 10,668 officers and 220,213
men. The desertions amounted to 3069.
The regiment with the heaviest loss. to its
credit from killed and deaths from wounds
was the First Nebraska, Nineteen men
were killed and twenty-three died from
wounds.
Inspections at. the Presidio to be made
by the inspector general of the depart
ment will Depin with the headquarters.
From that Colonel Maus will proceed to
the departments of tho post, the quarter
master's, " commissary's,- canteen, J post
...ALASKA...
COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
NOME ¦ ST. MICHAEL - DAWSON
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
FOR NOME DIRECT-
From San Francisco. S. S. PORTLAND April ». 1900 ».
From Seattle. 6. S. DORA April 30. 1900
From Saa Franclsoo. S. 8. RAINIER May 10. 1900
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS-
From Ean Francisco, S. 8. ST. PAUL May 23
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter
FOR JUNEAU. EITKA. PRINCE WILLIAM BOUND. COOKS INLET. KODIAK AND
ALL INTERMEDIATE POINTS.
From Seattle. 8. 6. BERTHA, Commencing April Bth. and Monthly Thereafter.
For oew folders, maps and further particulars as to freight and passage, apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY, ZlO Sansome Street. Ean Franclsoo, CaL
For Beattle Belllnrs Apply to
CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual Life Bide. Seattle. Wash.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING, Jan. 1-20. 1900. Inclusive.
Six hlKh-cUss running races every week day
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa<
trons step directly from the railroad car* lato
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, where
comfortably housed In bad weather they caa
enjr>y an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
*:00. 10:40 and 11:39 a. m.. and 12:15, 12:35. 12M
and 1:25 p. m.. returning Immediately after
last race at 4 :4 >p. m. Rear cars reserved Co*
women and their escorts. No smoking. Valen<
cia street 10 minutes later.
San Jose and way stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave Saa Bruno at 4.0*
and 4:45 p. m.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
tarn. Including admission to track. $1 2S.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
Involuntary Insolvent
Creditors of N. N. Turner, a merchant
of La Grande. Merced County, filed a pe
tition in the United States District Court
yesterday to have him declared a bank
rupt. They allege that he has transferred
a part of his property to A- Jacobs. H. A.
Jacobs and N. 11. Turner. His debts to the
petitioners are stated as follows: Riau,
Sadler & Co.. $691 15; Lievre. Frick & Co..
$177 47: M. Sheyer & Brother. $153 04; O. E.
Whitney & Co., $119 17.
Navarro's Wooing.
Balvaflore Navarro. 44 years of age. fell
In love with his niece. Raffaelo Navarre.
15 years of age. December 31 he demand
ed from her father. Domlnlck. who lives
on Filbert street, her hand In marriage,
and Domlnlck refused. Salvadore showed
his resentment by cuttlng'Domlnlck tvtire
on the hip. He was arrested for assault
with a deadly weapon.
When the case was called yesterday In
Judge Mogan's court Dominlrk refused to
swear to a complaint or testify.
"I pardon him." ho said, "as he Is my
own flesh and blood, but I want you to tell
him not to trouble me again."
Salvadore Navarro was held to answer
before the Superior Court in $2000 bonds.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TEL. MAIN 533.
MATTNEB TO-DAT FOR LADIES AND
CHILDREN.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF THE- GREAT-
EST EXTRAVAGANZA PRODUCTION EVER
WITNESSED IN THIS CITY.
....SINBAD....
NEXT WEEK— First Time In Baa Franclaco
of Delllnter's Famous Comic Opera,
"DON CAESAR^OF IRUN."
PRICES ........25c, We. 75c
Galleries ...10c and 15c.
Good reserved seat in orchestra at Saturday
Matinee. 25c
Branch Ticket Office. Emporlam.
ALCAZAR__THEATER.
MATTNEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Legitimate Comedy
Drama,
MYSTERIOUS
MR. BUGLE!
ITHJ2CT "WEEK—
"LADY WINDERMERE'S FAN."
American Debut of MAY BLAYNEY.
SEAT 3 NOW READY!
CHUTES_AND ZOO.
TO-DAY CHILDREN'S DAY I
CONCESSIONS rREE BEFOEE 2:30 P. X.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE,
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
- ELLA BURT Coasting the Chutes. '
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT— SPECIAL !
Several of the fiercest and live-
liest rounds of the Great Corbctt-
Fitzsimmons fight at Carson
city.
Balloon Ascension Sunday by Markeberg.
. . Phone for Seats— Park 23.
Forests Go I Crops Oo! Trouble Ahead!
Did you ever stop to think that some day
even the immense forest supply of Cali
fornia will come to an end? The ax and
lire will devastate it at last. The destruc
tion of the trees will ruin our farming In
terests! How? Read about It In next Sun
day's Call. You will find an article there
from a man well posted upon this ques
tion and suggestions for an abatement of
the evil.
Died of a Broken Heart.
Mrs. Honora Delehanty of 402 Sanchez
street yesterday morning died of a broken
heart. The doctors call It by some other
name, but that Is what she died of Just
the same. Her husband. Edmond Dele
hanty, died last Sunday, and his widow
was Inconsolable over her loss. She
grieved In secret and fretted herself to
death over her husband. As her case
came under the head of natural causes
Coroner Cole waived an Inquest. She
leaves three girls nnd five boys.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
The Last Chances to See
THB GORGEOUS EXTRA VAOAXZA,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
CHILDREN'S MATTNEB TO-DAY!
Final Performances To-Nlght and Sunday
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
MONDAY EVENING NEXT
First Time at Popular Prices of Frank Dialers
Great Comic Opera,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
POPULAR PRICES. So and Mo.
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS. BUSH ».
DESPONDENT COUPLE.
A Good Cook and a Bank Cashier
Found It Difficult to Secure
Employment.
Mrs. Marie Rodewald Hinderberger
called at the Coroner's office yesterday
and Inquired for ex-Coroner Hill. She
was very much disappointed to find that
Dr Hill had retired Into private life and
6aid that she wanted to see the doctor be
cause a little more than a year ago he
had brought her back to life after she
had attempted suicide by taking carbolic
8 The woman was very much depressed In
spirits and Informed Deptuy Coroner Mc-
Cormlck that she and her husband Intend
ed to kill themselves because they both
had been unable to cecuro employment
and were on the verge of destitution. She
is a cook by occupation, but in her pres
ent condition she would not be able to go
to work. It was after her attempt at self
destruction that she married Otto Hlnder
bercer a bookkeeper and bank cashier
from Honolulu, to better her position in
life but he had been as unsuccessful as
herself in getting employment.
Deputy McCormick dissuaded the wom
an from killing herself and she promised
to see Mayor Phclan and ask fora per
mit to be received In the City and County
Hospital.
bakery, troop and battery funds and the
general stores. It Is expected the drills
will come last of all.
The tents still standing against the
ocean breezes will also claim the inspect
or's attention, and the officers of the post
are hoping he will report that they should
be taken down. It is the intention to
leave the floors and the permanent fix
tures of the camps where they are.
Major William H. Comegys, paymaster,
has been ordered to report for duty to the
headquarters of this department pending
his assignment to duty in Manila.
Acting Assistant Surgeon William 8.
Kldd has been ordered to proceed by rail
to Seattle and there report for duty on the
transport Sheridan.
The following officers have been ap
pointed to form a general court-martial
to hold sessions In Honolulu: Major B. D
Taylor, surgeon: Major George Ruhlen,
quartermaster, United States Volunteers:
Captain Adam Slaker, Sixth Artillery;
Captain Ira A. Haynes. Sixth Artillery:
Second Lieutenant O. R. Hancock, Sixth
Artillery; First Lieutenant D. W. Ketch
am. Sixth Artillery. Judge advocate.
ECCENTRIC LADY
LIVINGSTONE DIES
American Woman's Ca
reer in Paris.
PARIS, Jan. 12.— An eccentric old Amer
ican woman, known at the United States
legation and consulate for the last twenty
years under the name of Lady Living
stone, has died here under extraordinary
conditions, leaving a large fortune for un
known heirs. Her eccentricities and tem
per made constant trouble for her. and it
was chiefly to make complaint of the ac
tions of her neighbors that she called con
tinually on the American officials. Sho
always dressed fantastically, but lived tho
life of a recluse. She had two rooms at
NeuiUy. her only companion being a par
rot, and she always pleaded she was in
reduced circumstances. Not being seen
from Friday last her rooms were broken
Into on Monday, when Lady Livings ton a
was found lying on the floor unconscious
and was taken to a hospital, where sho
died without regaining the power of con
versation. There were Indications that
she had lain on the floor from Friday un
til discovered.
The room was In great disorder. Her
papers and books, coal, wood and scraps
of food were scattered about the place.
Her rooms were taken in charge by the
oinclals of the consulate and were
searched without avail. No will or any
thing designating her heirs was discov
ered. The sum of 1400 francs was found
In the room and the consulate officers also
have in their possession a deposit book on
a prominent bank for a large sum, the
exact amount of which tho officials prefer
not to mention.
The letters found Indicate that the cor
rect name of the deceased was Maria L.
Livingstone and she was 80 years of age.
There was no evidence of foul play. The
body has been embalmed and placed In a
mortuary chapel, and the Consul General
is making efforts to locate her heirs.
with viFltinc a house of ill-repute. This
Is the third time the inmates of the resort
have been arrested.
SHOT HIMSELF WHILE
HE WAS LYING IN BED
SHOCKING SUICIDE OF CARL H.
BOWERS.
He Had Injured His Spine and the
Accident Caused Him to Become
a Prey to Melancholy.
Carl H. Bowers, enfeebled In mind from
the effects of an accident, committed bul
cide yesterday at his residence at 1005
McAllister street by shooting himself
through the head with a pistol.
Eight weeks ago Bowers was working In
tho car house of the Turk and Flllmore
line and slipped into a pit under on© of the
cars, receiving a severe injury to his spine.
Owing to the Injury he became demented
and was afflicted with melancholia. It was
not suspected that his mania was of a
suicidal tendency and his relatives there
fore did not maintain a close watch upon
him.
Yesterday mornlngf at half-past 7
o'clock his wife was In the kitchen pre
paring breakfast and his son was in an
other part of the house, when they were
horrified on hearing the report of a fire
arm proceeding from the direction of Bow
ers' bedroom. They hastened to the Bcene
only to find the husband and father dead,
with a smoking revolver In his hand. He
had got out of bed, procured his pistol, re
turned to bed and. placing the muzzle of
the weapon to his right temple, fired a
bullet into his brain, killing himself In
stantly.
The deceased was a native of Germany,
48 years old. He was a memoer of King
Solomon's Lodge. F. and A. M.. Yerba
Buena Lodge, A. O. U. W., and the Wood
men of the World. Police Captain Witt
man, master of King Solomon's Lodge, has
assumed charge of the funeral arrange
ments.
Coroner Cole allowed the body to re
main at the house.
MATINEE TO-DAY t TO-NIGHT— Last Time
"THE CHRISTIAN."
BEGINNING MONDAY NIGHT.
JAMES-KIDDER-HANFORD
COMBINATION IN
"T«E WINTEH'S TALE."
EXTRA! EXTRA! EXTRA!
TO-MORROW. SUNDAT. NIGHT.
MONSTER TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT TO
Mme. Inez Fabbri -Mueller
Tendered by the Associated Theatrical Man-
agers of San Francisco.
An Immense Programme of Novelties, In Ger-
man and English.
Seats Now Selling at Box fOflce.
CALIFORNIAJfIEATERjasr
CLEAN, VEOLESOXZ, MEBKT!
EEALLT TOWN TALK t
That Very Beautiful Cctnedy.
The PRINCESS and THE BUTTERFLY
So Ably Presented by tha
...FBAWLEY COMPANY...
ONLY MATINEE THI3 AFTERJJOOX.
NOTE — Commencing to-morrow. Sunday night.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
Presenting the late A u trust in Daly's Greatest
Comedy Success,
"THE COUNTESS GUCKI."
Miss Mary Van Buren la Ada Rehaa'a
Famous Role.
SPECIAL—'THE COL*XTES3 OT7CICI" will
continue from Sunday night. January 14. up to
and Including: Sunday night, January U. with
' Saturday matinee only.
he did he has displayed more nerve than
most people give him credit for. As an
evidence that something has been doing
since the raid It was noticeable yesterday
that every "social club" on Sullivan alley
was out of business excepting that oc
cupying the building owned by the May
or's right hand man.
The halo of purity with which Mr. Phe
lan has been trying to surround himself
and his administration Is getting some
pretty hard knocks when the inquisitive
undertakes to get beneath the surface.
Mr. Blggy, as one of Mr. Phelan's ap
pointees, is, presumably, acting under the
Mayor's instructions in the sham battle
with vice in Chinatown. The Mayor In
sists that all his other men must follow
his orders and it Is reasonable to suppose
that Biggy is in the same category.
It would seem then that sincerity Is
lacking when the greatest dens of Infamy
In Chinatown are located In buildings
owned by a member of the Mayor's fam
ily. It is possible that Mr. Phelan's In
fluence does not extend very forcibly to
his own fireside, or perhaps the adminis
tration Is working on the theory that the'
people should be pure and that the coterie
of favored ones that revolve around the
Mayor can be whatever pleases their
fancy.
All of this may be explained to Mr.
Blggy soon enough. He has probably
learned already that his little hatchet
was not made to slash into the doors of
the Sullivan shacks.
The gambling den Is not the only build
ing In Chinatown owned by Mr. Sullivan.
The property on the four corners of Sulli
van alley and Baker court Btands In his
name. None of the buildings are occu
pied for legitimate purposes. Opium
joints, gambling dens and resorts of Ill
fame fill every nook and corner of the
four brick structures. And all of them
have felt the ax and the sledge of Mr.
Phelan's acting Chief of Police. Mr. Sul
livan may not know of the use to which
his buildings are being put. and when he
learns of It he may take a hand himself
at purifying Chinatown. No doubt the
Mayor will request him to do so. At all
events It Is safe to predict that Mr. Biggy
will not repeat the blunder of raiding
premises the ownership of which Is so
close to his political creator.
Up to the present time It seems to be
a "horse" on the acting Chief.
R 0 5* o M M
A P U W E A
T 1 N- M V
D T v, c B 0
SND D S R
DPT R £
AN B 5
DM© V 0
n \ i
S T M
N T
W
V
ACTING CHIEF
BIGGY IS NOW .
TO BE ENJOINED
Proceedings Are to Be
Started.
HIS AUTHORITY QUESTIONED
PETTTIOU' FOB, RELIEF FILED
WITH THE BOAHD.
Attorney Ach Making a Determined
Tight to Prevent Annoyance.
Commissioner Thomas
Talks.
Acting Ch!ef Blggy's energetic cam
rfiifrn apair.st the gambling der.s of Chl
r.&tcwn. the denizens of the Hotel Nym
phia ar.3 Br.ecn place has aroused its in
mates to combat his right to arrest and
annoy them. This morning Attorney Ach
cf the f;rm cf Rothchild & Ach will Insti
tute proceedings In court to enjoin Wil
liam J. ESgsy from acting as Chief of Po
lice. Yesterday the same fir.-n filed a le^al
tic ument with the Board of Police Cora
xr.isslor.ers demanding thar Biggy c made
to desist frcm annoying tfce inmates of
Bacon place. This will brirg th» matter
sqi:aroiy before the beard and on Tues
day evening nest the matter will be given
Sl i: raring.
Attorney Ach strorgly asserts that Big
fry has no authority to act as Chief of
Police, as he has not taken the cath of
office nor filed a necessary bond. He will
apply to the courts for an injunction.
The matter will be spoc-dily heard ar.d it
w 111 be definitely decided whether the act
ing Cbiet has the richt to continue the
caiiipajprn now under v.ay.
The Inmates of the district were noti
fied yesterday by the police that if they
did not vacate thrir premises by midnight
6ur<2jy they would be taker, into custody.
The document tiled with the board is in
the form of an nfliilavit sworn to by Nlone
Paris i.::d :s entitled a complaint and pe
tition. The affiant states that she has
been conducting a boarding-house in the
em-ct known as Baton place for over a
year a:id derived her support by feeding
persons residing there; that by reason of
police ofliors stationed en the street and
other ar.noyar.ces inflicted on the inmates
she is a suflorcr, ar.d In her prayer for
relief she says:
Yrjr corr.r'lainant respectfully prays that
*a-d V. J. liiKgy be by this honorable board
<Jlrwfd to aefi*l :rom pretending or »sft!m
inn to t<> the Chief of Police or actinc Chief
oi Poli^- of the city and county of Sat. Fran
cisco. f:iktc of California; that he be by order
of this honorable board directed to refrain
from p:\lr.s orders as Chief of Police cr acting
Chief •¦{ f'uliee of the City and County of San
Francisco to th» various officer* of the city
end countr cf San Francisco, end that \Y. J.
BUfry. Oa; ta'.n George \V. Wiuman. Lieuten
ant John 1!. Mnrtin, Serjeant Patrick Shea,
W!!!!ar:i li. Biurkholder. Prank Howard. iJavid
O^i-r., 1! Lyons and John CJ. Edwards and
CSJ :; of and all of them b» ordered and di
rected to deE-.st from the unlawful acts cotn
j'.ained of h«Tfin. and that th«-y ana «ach of
th»»:n be cited to apriear before this honorable
lvjard tnd that such i>uni:-hxxier.t be meted out
to taoh and til of them for said unlawful acts
as tills hcrurab'.e board shall determine.
A c.rpy of the complaint was served on
George A. Newhall. president of the com.
mission, and at the request of the attor
neys lit issued an order to officers named
in the document to appear before the
board on Tuesday evening nc-xt at 8
o'clock. It was also ordered that a oopv
of the complaint be served on each of
them.
J-'oiire Commissioner Thomas had not
received a. copy of the complaint, but was
aware of Acting Chief 1 1! spy's campaig-i
in the districts r.arr.ed. He said the latter
was not instructed what to do. tut was
acting en his own judgment.
"The Police Commissioners never pre
tended that Mr. Bifrgy had any power."
he said. "In ny opinion he does not neel
any. He was slmcly appointed to fill a
pap and look out for the interests of the
commission until an appointment was
made. Mis actions are those of a citizen.
lie knew that these evils existed, and he
Jr structed the senior captain and the lat
ter is t.ikir.ff action. The charter does
cot give us the power to appoint tempor
ary officers. If It did we would not have
called on Commissioner Blggy to act in
the capacity of Chief of Police. The so
cial evil is a hard thinp to settle. I be
lieve that the women should be kept off
the streetF and should be confined to a
district. The Board of Police Comml«
rior.ers Is not expected to cope witn the
evil. If they were I am sure they would
resign."
Raids Made Upon Lottery R: sorts
and the Nymphia.
Chinatown again saw troublous times
last right, acting Chief Bljrgy and Cap
tain 'W'itiman being on deck with an as
sisting squad of policemen armed with
heavy ax'-s. The crowds trailed along the
line of march of the acting Chief, but
inbsed the rare sport they had In antici
pation.
Last r'.Rht wa? devoted to the lottery
players and the Nymphia. Chin Chung's
place at 70S Sacramento Ftreot was raided
but nothing Incriminating was four.d The'
door was t-mashed in with axes and the
plan* shattered. Similar treatment was
m<>ted out to Cl 3 Dupor.t street and similar
reru'.ts followed.
Some of the stalwart, law-defying wom
m of the Nymphia wf-re arrested by Cap
tain Wittman's officers for visiting houses
of ill repute. Bacon place was patrolled
8.r.6 mary r.amcs of visitors were entered
en the list.
Th*> inmate* of th« Nymphla arrested
Thursday night appeared yestr-rday morn
lr.g beforr Judge Oor.lan. They answered
to thoir namos and by oonsc-nt the cases
were continued till Monday.
Attorney Pistole?! v/as around th* Po
llre Courts yesterday with warrants for
the arrest of Captain TVittman and two
policemen on chsirgcs of battery, but each
Judge "passed the buck" and he was un
able to pr-t them signed. He declared that
be would get out a writ of mandamus to
compel one of the Judges to sign the com
plaints and warrants. He Is smarting un
<>r the indignity of being thrown out of
the Nyrr.phia Thursday night.
Captain Wittman and posse raided the
Hotel Nymphla last nipht and took seven
•women into custody. They were charged
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARY PETERMAN
SAYS SIEBE IS
A CONSPIRATOR
Charges Him With a
Grave Offense.
TO CANCEL INSTRUMENTS
CLAIMS HE TRIED TO 808 AND
LOOT HER ESTATE.
He Files a General Denial and in a
Cross-Complaint Asks Leave
to Foreclose on Her
Property.
"In the management of her property the
defendant did not advise her fairly, prop
erly and honestly, but advised her falsely,
fraudulently, wickedly and dishonestly, so
he might obtain and maintain the control
of the property and so handle the prop
erty of this plaintiff that he could loot,
plunder and rob this plaintiff of her estate
and property."
This is the strongest allegation In the
complaint filed by Mrs. Mary Peterman,
widow of the late Henry Peterman, a
capitalist of Mount Eden, near Haywards,
Alameda County, against Frederick C.
Siebe of the firm of Siebe Brothers &
Plagemann, liquor dealers, 322 Sansome
street, in which she seeks to set aside
notes and mortgages for $34,000 alleged to
have been procured from her through a
fraudulent conspiracy. Slebe filed his an
swer and cross-complaint In the County
Clerk's office yesterday; Joined the Issues
and the suit will now go on trial on ita
merits.
In her complaint Mrs. Peterman alleges
that her husband died in 1891, leaving her
his entire estate, which was valued at
SIuO.OOO. As Mr. Slebe was a firm friend
and associate of the deceased she decided
to seek his advice, which he readily gave.
Her son. Henry Peterman Jr. conceived
the idea of cornering the hay crop of the
State, she avers, and Mr. Slebe readily
assisted him to realize his ambition, loan-
Ing him $15,000. Subsequently. Mrs. Peter
man continues, Siebe secured her signa
ture to notes to secure those given by
her son until the amount of her obligation
reached the figure of $34,000. Then he im
portuned her to give him deeds to a por
tion of her property and mortgages for
another. His threat to foreclose these
mortgages, she says, prompted her to file
suit to declare them fraudulent, null and
void. Mrs. Peterman further alleges that
Siebe, while acting as her adviser, falsely
and dishonestly charged her with various
sums of money, which sums she never
received.
In conclusion she prays that an account
ing be had between her and the defend
ant of all matters and things connected
with her property and for Judgment of
the court canceling all of the notes, mort
gages and the deed on the ground that
they were obtained through fraud and
were Issued by her without consideration.
In his answer Slebe denies her allega
tions, sets up the notes, deed and mort
gages in his cross-complaint and asks for
judgment thereon.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
BIGGY'S BAD BREAK IN CHINATOWN
The Fall of
j Ladysmith 1
If Could Not Have Caused H
tl More Surprise Than Our m
1 SAMPLE SALE OF UNDERWEAR I
H It Has Taken the Town by Storm! [I
I "PRICES DID IT." I
H Do you know we are supplying the shrewd buyers fj
g of this city with* Underwear at about half the regular Eg
H prices? It is a good thing for the buyers, but it can- ||
bj not last at the rate we have been sending out pack- |.j
£| ages since the sale commenced. H
M We expect to make this the BANNER DAY in C|
|J Underwear sales. Come early, and you will havo r j
H more time to select |l
M While our prices in Underwear are way down, we n
P must remind you that every department in the house
H is in sympathy with low prices. Everything needed
H by the fair sex in the way of Ribbons, Neckwear, y
El Veilings, Handkerchiefs, Ruchings, Dress Fronts, H
|j Corsets, Golf Capes, Jackets, Skirts and Tailor-made Fj
f| Suits will be found surprisingly cheap, and we call M
B ESPECIAL ATTENTION to our Kid Glove De- j]
II partment, where we are selling for 85 cents a glove i j
H that is worth $1.25. |J
m This is the store that our great-grandmothers and Pi
H grandmothers have traded in, and that our mothers H
|i still continue to trade in. ||
l! THE BEST GOODS and the LOWEST PRICES. f J
g THE FAMILY STORE. fj
H • Established 1862. ~ H
I C CURTIN, 1
I Phons, South 280. 911 and 913 Market St. t!
1 COLUMBIA THEATER! f
CALA BENEFIT! CALA BENEFIT!
TENDERED BY THE ENTIRE THEATRICAL PROFESSION OF SAN FRANCISCO
Mm E . FABBRT-MUEL.LER
SUNDAY EVENING, Jan. 14, 1900, at 8 o'clock.
A Great Array of Artists From '
THE TTVOLI OPERA-HOUSD— FERRIS HARTMAN, ANNA LIGHTER, JULIE
. COTTE AND FRANK COFFIN.
ORPHEUM— CHARLES GARDNER. HAMILTON HILL.
ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY In a Pleasing Farce.
ALHAMBRA— BAKER and LYNN In a Laughing Sketch.
Attractions From the Chutes.
The GERMAN DRAMATIC COMPANY In a Sparkling Comedy.
First Appearance of the Great German Barytone. JACOB MUELLER: CECIL COWLES,
the Child Pianist; J. CROSBY JR.. and INEZ FORM AN. Sketch Artists.
PRICES (Secure Your Seats In Advance.) $1.50. 91. 75c. 600. 25e
7
BIGGY STILL AT WORK.X^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flW^SlS 1 .?^ ff E rVs tX V ST " E^HshM
|2jyMg3 ff*"" 1 * **** Manho.Kt Debility or
SsSKWItI ,v! n D '»'*» d »- < '- I hwdoctorcureswheii
CHrSraSH others fall. Try him. Charses low
* -fc. **X v .-'t~1" ~"1_ M ""Mi" _- ' . ~^! r^ B m *r.f m~ ,
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quicken running and most
luxurious train across the continent!
Connecti.no Traix Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.H. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday arrlvinj | n Chicago "at^lt
tS^SKSVSS? wlth •" llfflltcd
OVERLAND Leave* San Francisco at 530
EXPRESS P- m V wit £ Palace and Toonst
DAILY rV 3 Kans a s City, St. Louis,
¦"*"• » Chicago *nd Easu
Local trains between Stockton, VAI IfY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlar^ Sk 7?
and BakersfielJ. ROAD
SEE YOU IN Saa Francisco office, 63
TRISCO SOON ark « Street, Phone Maia
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>*""V
Insures Love and Happiness.
How any rr.sn may quickly cure himself after
yp«r« of sufTcTir.ir from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, vcricoeele, etc.. and enlarge small,
weak orsror.s to fall elie ar.4 vigor. Simply
pend your name and adJrers to Dr. L. W.
Knapp. 2JS« BBS building. Detroit. Mich., and
he will giadly »end the free receipt with full
directions so that any man may easily curs
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen-
erous offer and the following extracts taken
from his dally mall show how men write him:
"Dear B'.r: Please ari^pt my sincere thanks
f.ir yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realise how happy I am."
••Dear Sir: Your method worked beautifully.
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and ta-
terß*ment Is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Eir: Yours was received and I had no
trouble tn making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and after a few days use can truthfully
ca y it Is a boon to weak men. I am greatly
improved in sire, strength and vigor."
A!! correFponder.ee Is strictly confldentiaL
Trailed In plain waled envelope. The receipt ts
free for the asking and he wants every man
to have It.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REMARKABLE SUCCESS
Of a New Pile Cure.
People who have suffered for months or
years from the pain and inconvenience of
that common disorder, piles, will look
with skepticism upon the claims of the
makers of the new discovery for cure of
all forms of piles, known under the name
of Pyramid Pile Cure; nevertheless the
extraordinary cure's performed by this
remedy are such as to warrant the inves-
tigation of any sufferer. As a case in
point the following letter speaks for
Itself:
Mr. Henry Thomas of sub-station No. 3.
Hosack Aye., Columbus, Ohio, writes as
follows:
Pyramid Drug Co.:
Gentlemen: I want you to use my name
If it will be of any use to you. I was so
bad with the piles that I lost work on that
account. Nothing did me any good. I
read in Cincinnati of the many cures of
piles by the Pyramid Pile Cure and I went
to a drug store and asked for it. The drug
clerk told me that he had something else
that he thought was better, but I told him
that I wanted to try the Pyramid flrst.
The flrst box helped me so much that I
tried another and then to complete the
cure UBed two more boxes, making four in
all. I am now completely cured. Have
not a trace of piles and I had suffered for
four years with the worst form of pro-
truding piles.
I suffered death from piles, but I have
found the Pyramid Pile Cure to be Just as
represented. I have recommended it to
several of my friends and I am thankful
to be able to write you what good the
remedy has done for me.
MORE TEACHERS
APPOINTED BY
SCHOOL BOARD
Another Dark Lantern
Meeting.
DEPUTIES PAY NOT FIXED
#
ATTACHES MUST FT7RN.ISH SUF
FICIENT BONDS.
The new Board of Education held yes
terday morning another of its "dark lan
tern" sessions, and after a lively half
hour in the privacy of the star chamber
came out Into the open and in a perfunc
tory way ratified as much of the business
transacted as It cared to make public
The executive meeting was called by
President Mark at the suggestion of Mr.
Denman, and it was thought by those
around the board rooms that probably
Mr. Denman and Mrs. Kincald hail agreed
to settle the amount of salary to be paid
the deputies to be appointed by Superin
tendent Webster. Nothing of the sort
happened, however, and it was learned
later that that question was as far from
a satisfactory settlement as ever. It will
be given serious consideration at next
Wednesday's meeting, however, and Su
perintendent Webster is confident of an
amicable arrangement.
In the open meeting yesterday L. A.
Jordan, Assistant t Superintendent of
Schools, was continued in his present po
sition until further order of the board.
The bonds of Secretary Hansen and
Storekeeper McAuliffe were fixed at $3000,
and those of Assistant Secretary Howe
and Assistant Storekeeper Weaver at
$2000. Anit La Faille was appointed team
ster of the department at a salary of $75
per month.
The following appointments of teachers
made by Superintendent Webster were
confirmed: Miss J. Hocheimer, Miss Edna
Cadwalader, Miss Lou Smlthson. Louis
de F. Bartlett was assigned as acting
principal of the Hamilton Evening
School, vice Dr. T. B. W. Leland, on leave.
The leaves of absence of Miss F. P.
Morrison and Miss Augusta Reinstein
were extended respectively until March 1
and October 1, 1900. Leaves were also
granted to Miss Jean Parker and Mrs. A.
Mayberry.
The board adjourned to meet next
Wednesday at 10 a. m.
ADVEBTIBE3IENTS,
WeeHy Can $1.00 dbt Year
DOCTOR MAHE'S
SUICIDE RENEWS
AN OLD SCANDAL
Prophecy of Friend
Fulfilled.
NO DIVORCE EVER SECURED
WIFE IS A SISTER OF ATTORNEY
EDWARD LANDE.
The suicide of Dr. Gustave Mahe at
Sioux City, lowa, exclusive particulars of
which were published in yesterday's Call,
has caused a flutter In local circles and
much sympathy Is being expressed for hla
wife on account of a revival of the scan
dal attending the elopement of her hus
band with another woman.
A peculiar fact In connection with the
affair is that the suicide was not unex
pected by several of the former friends
of the physician, one of whom stated that
he had long ago prophesied that Dr. Mahe
would blow out his brains as did his fa
ther before him.
It is now learned that, unknown to all
but two or three persons, Dr. Mahe re
turned here a few months after he had
deserted his wife and remained for two
days. During this brief period he visited
Frank Koenig, a Kearny street shoe mer
chant, who was one of his moat intimate
friends. It is asserted that the reason
he came back was to try to induce his
wife to grant him a divorce. This she de
nies.
Mrs. Mahe is the sister of Edward
Lande of the law firm of Rlordan & Landa
and lives at 1027 Golden Gate avenue. She
is a pretty woman, rather under the av
erage height. Her maiden name was Jo
sephine E. Lande.
"My husband was always a lover," she
said, "and when he returned from France,
after securing the fortune left him by a
relative, brought me a number of costly
presents. There was nothing In his de
meanor to show that his affections had
been transferred elsewhere and the knowl
edge that he had deserted me was a se
vere blow.
"Dr. Mahe and I were married In 18S0.
He disappeared on June 6, 1897. During
this period of seventeen years nothing oc
curred that could possibly have been con
strued as a quarrel. The statement that
we were divorced is untrue, as I do not be
lieve In divorces.
"I was visiting the family of ex-Con
gressman Phelps, near Redwood City,
when my husband went away. He and
Mr. Phelps were the best of friends and I
used to visit the family frequently. -
"Whoever the woman with my husband
at his death may be, she Is not his wife,
as we have never been divorced. That
woman has brought ruin first to me and
then to him. It could not have been finan
cial difficulties that caused him to take his
life, as ho had plenty of money. He took
$25,000 In cash out of the bank when he
departed and left me penniless. If he
ever returned here I did not know it, and
I have never heard a word from him since
he departed."
Dr. Mahe left only one surviving rela
tive, a sister, who is the wife of Dr. D. A.
McMullan of Los Angeles.
In Every Respect
The popular Cafe Ztnkand It' flrst class In
«very respect. In all its appointments, and can
not be excelled for lunches and dtaaers. •
nil r\"c" I in r V>'-** and all Rectal
1 I 111 I I dieeases cared or no
U I LJ I iIUL im • No detention from
illlr I llnr business. DRS. MANS-
* I I IJ* I I FIELD & POnTER-
IiUI I U I 11. FIKI.P. E3S Market St..
£aa Fr&nclEco.
Music After Midnight.
James McNair, proprietor of the Brook
lyn ealoon, Jackson and Kearny streets,
and Thomas O'Brien and Albert Mal-
Btrett. muslclanß. appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of play-
Ing music after midnight. Malstrett was
playing a bass drum and O'Brien a con
certina. They were arrested by Police
men Hanley and Silver. Tho bass drum
and concertina were taken as evidence.
The cases were continued UU to-day.
Took a Dose of Chloroform.
Fannie Williams attempted to end her
life yesterday morning in Golden Gate
Park by taking a dose of chloroform.
Policeman Waterman found the "woman
lying on a bench, near Btrawberry Hill,
and thinking she was under the Influence
of liquor, he telephoned ' to the Golden
Gate Park police station for the patrol
wagon and had her removed to the sta
tion.
Later In the day the woman was trans
ferred to the City Prison, where Sergeant
Brown detected symptoms of chloroform
Poisoning and sent her to the Receiving
Hoepltai. She will recover.
m^ o* jIKuZiJNbKI LU.,
l.*'^\. (Established 1872)
///~\ 24 GEARY STREET,
WaSo^^WSf LEADING LADIES' HAIR DRESSERS, WIG AND
¦P|i; TOUPET MAKERS.
X^S Y^L* Importers of Parisian Novelties and French Face
Vv^Ji«/% Cosmetics.
V\^Vt^* °. ur stock °^ huma " hair is the largest
\^J7 and 'choicest, hence such fine wigs and
.. ' front pieces. We use none but first qua!-,
ity hair for switches — no combings.
Our hatr dressings are latest and most artistic
We employ none but experts. We have the latest novelties all the time.
Our imported preparations for restoring gray and bleached hair are the
best and most reliable. Our establishment Is the finest equipped. B;st
service, because under our personal supervision, and our reputation Is our
standard. B. J. RYBJCKI. : L. E. McCLOSKEY.
BORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILBOAD.
Via limn nilf Parry.
Commencing October 1, 188$
WEEK DAYS-T^O. •3:30, 11:00 a. m.- "IMS.
•8:40, 6:15, 6:00. 1:30 p. m. ' *"*
EJiTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa R*.
.rU n an^°n'30 y8 p. £?*»•*¦" «* Saturdays.
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Qnentrn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-6:25. »«:35. 7:45. *r« li.^
•12:30, J:l5. -3:40. 'SilS p. m *• m "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays ana
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. ean ' Bamr> ****
BUNDATS— «:2O. '8:00, MO-.00. «11-« ¦ m_-
•l:4o. 4:45, ««:S0 p. m. fc Bui
Trains marked <•) start from Ban Qttitnttn
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SANFRANCTSP**
|s BUNDAYS-^:O5. 10:05 a. m?:^^ 105. 1:*
' ' ' " ' THROUOH TRAINS.
IrtO a. m. week days— cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays-Tomales and TTajTstat^n*:
|:Q0 a, m. 3undays-Tomale» and way stations;
MOUNT TAMALP^IS SCENIC RftILWAY
™. . ay Ban FTanclsco via Sausalito Ferry.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 £. ra.
Bundayi...... 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p.m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains.
Fare— Saa Francisco to Summit and Return,
Hawaii's unofficial territorial delegate
in Washlngrton Is a graduate of Harvard.
A for Moraine. P for Afternoon
• Daily. t Huivlay excepteil. J Sunday only.
h Saturday on'y
«JTut»d»T« and Fridays c Thursdays and Eandarm.
California LlMilir
Santa Fe Route
COAST 111 VISION (Kroa.lliancc).
(Third and Townseiul Sts.)
TEACHERS FIGHTING
FOR THE TAX FUNDS
THOMAS' SUIT STILL OCCUPIES
JUDGE MURASKY.
Motion to Dissolve the Order Enjoin
ing the Auditor From Paying
Claims Taken Under
Advisement.
The attempt of the teachers to have
Judge Murasky dissolve the restraining
order in the case of J. M. Thomas, tho
State blackboard man, against the teach
ers and Janitors came up for hearing yes
terday. Warren Olney Jr. argued on be
halr of the teachers that the merchants
would not be injured even if the teachers
did break their agreement, because the
merchants could break the agreement aloo
and pay themselves out of the money al
ready drawn on their claims; also that
each teacher could do as she saw flt with
reference to her warrant.
Mr. Brownstnne, attorney for plaintiff,
maintained that the teachers had agreed
to pro-rate their claims with the mer
chants and that they should not be al
lowed to break the agreement until the
court of equity was certain they were go
ing to carry it out. He hinted that there
was some sinister motive on the part of
the teachers.
Mr. Roblson, also attorney for plaintiff
claimed that if the court dissolved the in
junction two hundred teachers could col
lect all their money and then turn around
and say they had never signed the agree
ment, and the other thousand teachers
and Janitors would go to the Union Trust
Company and demand their share of the
$350,000 that company would have collect
ed, and thus the merchants would have
to give up $$000 because the teachers broke
their agreement. .
The matter was taken under advise
ment.
MILLS GIRLS
HEAP NEVADA
Mme. Emma Nevada's third concert
was somewhat delayed yesterday after
noon to await the arrival of a throng of
girls from Mills College, who attended in
a body one hundred and twenty strong,
the guests of their distinguished co-ed.
Such an outpouring of femininity has sel
dom been seen and the girls brought with
them a store of enthusiasm, which must
have resulted in innumerable 6plit
gloves. Women do not usually succeed in
making much noise when they applaud
but on this occasion the intention was
very earnest and the result very satis
factory indeed.
There were baskets and baskets of
flowers handed over the footlights and
a huge wreath, the tribute of the student
body, which Mme. Nevada, whose hands
were quite laden down with roses, put
around her neck to the evident and clam
orous satisfaction of her young friends
Her first number was the mad scene
from "Lucia," with flute accompaniment
by air. Newbauer. She sang subsequently
"A Tale of Two Apples," a new song by
I>a.ura Hedgwick Collins, in which the
humor and pathos of the words are curi
ously and quaintly inconsistent with their
very serious musical setting.
"You and I." by Liza Lehman, followed
and Jaubert's "Vogel im Walrie." For an
?¦ncore f»he sang ''Laissez moi, bergere "
in which her voice. and style showed to
the best advantage. Her last number
wa« the Hondo from "Somnambula." in
which opera bhe made her greatest tri
umphs here some years ago.
Mr. S^lden Pratt improves on acquaint
ance, his playing of "Wldmung" (Schu
mann-Llfzt) being very creditable. He is
very satisfactory Indeed as an accompan
ist. Mr. Blumenberg played with his ac
customed skill. He was encored after
the "Serenade Badine," by Gabriel Marie
and gave Popper's amazing "Spinning
Wheel" with rare facility. Two other
numbers by Popper— "Begegnung" and a
"Spanish Dance —displayed his versatil
ity, as well as his faultless technique.
Mme. Nevada, It is eald, will be heard
in one more concert, which, if the ar
rangements are made, will occur at the
California Theater on Monday evening
January 23. To-morrow she is to sine at
Mills College In Oakland.
RAILROAD '.TRAVEL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEA7U T AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c »o 11 5J day;
Ji to IS week: $» to J29 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates- in i very
room; elevator runs all night.
LAUNDRY GIRLS DEFIED
ACTING CHIEF BIGGY
STROKE OF DIPLOMACY AVERTS
A BIG STRIKE.
Foreman Discharged a Girl for a
Trivial Mistake and Is Forced
to. Take Her Back.
Police Commissioner and Acting Chief
W. J. Biggy has troubles of his own at
home as well as in Chinatown. Ten young
women who Etarch and press wrinkles out
of shirts In the United States Laundry,
over which the Commissioner holds even
greater sway than he does in police cir
cles, indignantly refused to work yester
day, and for a time the wheels In the
cleaning establishment refused to revolve.
It was a calamity that was only overcome
by masterly diplomacy. At first the act
ing Chief bethought himself of the power
thrust «i>on him by the Mayor, and he
was about to telephone for a posse of
bluecoats. but he feared it would be neces
sary to remove a squad from the Celestial
quarter. He theretore valiantly sallied
forth among his angry but still defiant
wic'.ders of flatirons and appeased their
wrath by promising to remove the cause
of their complaint.
The Chief then learned that one of his
foremen had roughly rebuked one of the
"laundry ladies" for washing the stripes
out of a yari-eolored shirt, and as she was
not used to such treatment she replied In
kind. Tho fortman remembered that his
superior was h'.ph in office and was Fend
ing people to Jail without discrimination
as to age. parcntag-e, past condition of
servitude or where they had thrjr shirts
laundered. £o fee promptly "fired"' the
lady. Other ladios in the establishment
took umbrae* M his cruel treatment and
they combined against him. They an
nounced their determination to leave soap
suds and flatirons to grrow cold if "lizzie"
was not taken back into the fold. The
foreman was obdurate, and the laun
dresses completed their threat. Chief
lilggy hoisted a flag of truce, sued for
pf-ace at any price, and finally agreed to
take the offending girl back.
It was then that the wheels of the laun
dry turned a«ain, and the acting Chief
left for Chinatown to oversee the work of
his minions who were demolishing doors
and ether property.
Thus it was that a lone girl and a plucky
eet of companions defied the head of the
local Police Department.
A MAN'S MOTIiEIMN-LAW
Even can't find fault with our laun-
dry work. The most severe scrutiny
will only show how perfect It Is and
how superior to all other work In this
line. There Is no flaw in the beauty
of the color or finish that we lay nn
your linen when it is done up at the
United States Laundry.
United States Laundry. Offlo»
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MCTnCBTI PACIFIC <OJiri.lT,
(PACtriO SYSTEM.)
Trmlaa l«-i»»«> nml ar« Uu« to jtrrlv* m%
NAN Fit.* NCI SCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LEAVE — FKOlf DZCKMBER 13, 1839. — AKKIT»
•7zOOa Benlda, Suisnn. Elraira, YacaTtUe,
Rumseyantl Hacromento •7:4-"Jp
•7jOOa Bha3U Eipres3— Darla, WUloto,
Red Bluft Vortlacd •7:«»
•7i3Oa. Martinez. SanU.ir3on.Valle]o. :.",if.i,
t'allotoga and Banta ITosa »8:I5»
•8:30 a The Overland Ll-nlted— Ogden. I<^-
»er, Omaha, Chicago "5»13J
•S<3oa Sau Joae, LJfi-rmore, Stockton,
lone, feacTamento, PlacerviUe,
Mnr>3*ille. Cliico. KeilUlulT «4il-1p
•9:3»\ 'Milton. Oakdale and t'oncra M-.inp
•0:O»»» HayTOr<K Nil.-a or.l Way Stations. •! I: «3a
•9:OOa Davis, Woodland. Knifihta Landing.
AlarysTillo. Orovilkv •7:1-1*
•OtOO% Atlantic I'lpress— Ogden and East •0:43 a
•BtOOA Blartiner, Tncy. LatUrop, Stockton,
Mcrc*<l and i'resno • 1 2: 1 3p
•DiOO* PottCosti. Kresno. Mojare aud I.os
BBniH "Oi-ISp
•10-.OOa Ya'.U-jo. Martinez and Way Stations «6:1.1»
•1 1 :OOa Ilsyn-ards. N:los and V/oy Stitlcns. »2: 13»
•lM:«Oii NuVs, LlTcrmorc, Stockton, Hacra-
Bento, Mcndota, Uanford, V..A.1 i.
Fcncrsillo »l:i8»
fl:OOp Sacr:unenft> Ki»er Sro'ini«» t*«:«Op
•3;OOp HayTard*. Nile* acd Way Stati ms. •sil3p
•*:«»r Martinez. Nmi l&unott, Valtejat
Napa. OaliHtoK*. Santa Ben •o>l3a
•4iOOp Bcriicia. Vaca*l|]<\ Nacr:uner,lo,
Wuudland, Kui;.bt.i l^ndine,
Marys Till", OrovilJo Mil: |.1»
M:3OpNlle3,San.J';3ce.utiStuckton •7:15*
•S:OOpTfco Owl Ltoitc'.— Tracy, Fresno.
BakcrsQeld. Sangns for Santa tar-
bara> I-os AehcJ<«i. *1O:-I3a
«.1jO«p Sncsrt Limited— El raeo. »,V*.Or-
learmancl East elO: IT \
•3i3op Stockton. Mirccil, Fresno *13j13»
*3iUO* Fresno. ISakernticM, Kant* Daiham,
I.os Angeles, Drtnln™. El I'aso,
New Orleius and East # Ss-|.T a
*3t3Op tt&nt* I .- l:oute— Atiuutic ExpreM
for Mojato ami Kast "«:-l."lp
¦fltOOp IlaytrarUd, NilesaodSan Jobc *7:4.>»
t»:::Oi- Vail? Jo MStl.ip
•0130 1 30 1- Oriental Mail— OjOcn and East •SziiOp
|7:0 Op V all* jo, 1\ ri I'osfci and Way Sta-
tions. :O:.-,.Jr
•¦i»3r Oregon and California K»i>rrsn,M*o-
rmtieuto, ". 1.-r; .-. ii>. 1:.... :. <.
IVtM.-iH.I. rnert .V...N..1 on,) Kmt »*il3a
COAST DIVISION (N:irron ffanml,
(Foot of M.-.rkot Street.)
ENGLISH POLICY
NOT SUPPORTED
BY AUSTRALIANS
Thousands in Sympa
thy With Boers.
THINK THE CAUSE UNJUST
?
VOLUNTEERS COMPOSED OF
ADVENTUEEBS.
According to J. F. Archibald, editor and
proprietor of the Sydney, N. S. W., Bul
letin, one of the leading newspapers of
the antipodes, Australia on the Boer
question Is a house divided against itself.
Krom what has heretofore been published
in this country it looked as though the
British colonies were in hearty sympathy
with the mother country In the present
trouble and were standing shoulder to
shoulder to protect the glory of the Eng
lish flag and to spread the dominion of
Anglo-Saxon power.
A short talk with Mr. Archibald, who
is one of the leading thinkers and writers
in the Australian field of journalism, will
convince any one that such is not alto
gether the case. Mr. Archibald is, him
self, In hearty sympathy with the follow
ers of "Oom" Paul and strongly opposed
to what he calls the oppression and injus
tice of English greed. As his paper is the
strong advocate of its owner's views and
voices them on every opportunity, it is
fair to presume that, as its circulation is
not only large, but has since the outbreak
ot the present trouble in Africa, been
steadily increasing in the number of its
subscribers, Mr. Archibald Is correct when
he says his sentiments and views are
echoed by many thousands of his fellow
countrymen.
"While there are many people in Aus
tralia who are war-mad and anxious for
trouble, and while there is a majority of
the population whose sympathies are with
the mother country, right or wrong," said
Mr. Archibald yesterday, "yet there are
many thousand Australians who are bit
terly opposed to the prosecution of a
cause which they consider is founded on
greed and injustice and the prosecution
of which has no other excuse than that
offered by the might of the power insti
tuting It.
"The Boers are In exactly the same situ
ation that the thirteen colonies were at
the outbreak of the American revolution.
Kruger is to his country what William
Tell was to Switzerland, Kosciusko to
Poland and Washington to this country.
He la fighting for the very existence of
his people against rapacity and tyranny
and he deserves the sympathy of every
fair-minded man.
"I am strongly in favor of the Boers
because of the righteousness of their
cause and there are thousands of my
people who think as I do. We very much
resemble the different members of a large
family, the husband and father of which
has done wrong. While we feel like pun
ishing the old man ourselves, yet we hate
to see him humiliated by outsiders,
though when he Is humiliated, we are
forced to acknowledge among ourselves
that he has received only his just de
serts.
"England should not look for any help
from her colonies. There is no reason
why they should give it to her. They
have no voice in making war. ! She does
that herself. Consequently when she
gets into a war, particularly one so un
just as the present, she should not ex
pect her colonies to take part In fighting,
the preliminaries of which they had no
hand in arranging.
"It is true that a number of volunteers
have gone to the Transvaal, and there are
any number more that arc filled with the
enthusiasm of military glory and anxious
to get to the front. These are not actu
ated, however, by patriotism or any other
high motive. All men are sports, and in
none Is the sporting trait more strongly
developed than in the native Australian.
The war has given them a new field for
sport and adventure. They are wild to
have a try at this new game, and volun
teer for the pure love of adventure and
danger. Many of thorn say that they
will have good sport while the war lasts,
and Africa will be a good place' ln which
to settle permanently after hostilities are
over. From the way things have been
going it would appear to tho casual look
er-on that the Boers, themselves, might
get a little fun' out of the scrimmage, and
that some of these adventurous gentle
men will be enabled to take up a per
manent residence in the country without
waiting for the cessation of hostilities.
"Australia has nothing to be grateful
for to the old country. She was treated
in the beginning very much as was the,
Colony of Virginia — made a dumping
ground for the offscourings, a place to
put the refuse of the parent land. Finally
England saw there was something to.be
made out of Australia, and acted accord
ingly. Nothing was done that did not,
in the end, bring In something In the
way of Interest as a return. We need
no protection .for ourselves from Eng
land. You see the trouble she has had
with a handful of Dutchmen. Well, what
sort of a chance do you think another
power would have with Australia and her
millions of population? If Australia
could not take care of herself under the
existing conditions tfien she would de
serve #o be conquered.
"I suppose the sentiment- In this coun
try Is very much divided. It naturally
would be with th«» cosmopolitan popula
tion you have. But the administration,
as I look at It. la doing for England what
England recently did for the United
States In Its little steal of the world's
tobacco crop. She gave this nation her
moral support In that bit of pillage and
now this country la holding off while
England Is trying to get away with the
pold of the Transvaal."
This is. the second visit of Mr. Archi
bald to California. His trio this time Is
purely one of pleasure and he will return
to Sydney on the next Australian steamer.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford
University made an address to
r.ight at the First Unitarian
Church to a large audience on the
situation In South Africa. He said thnt
his h-ympathies were with England, be
cause this war was forced upon the na
tion by politicians for political and com
merdal reasons, while the Boers are
right.
"My sympathies are most decidedly
with the Englieh people." he said, "for
I believe that ihey are the victims of a
gigantic political bunko game, I have
had pome very painful letters from
friends of mine In England— not from
Radicals, but from members of the mure
conservative Tory parly. 1 know the
general feeling among them is that this
war is something they were brought into
vutirely unawares. You see. it usually
happen* tha.t monarchies bring about eon-
Uicti between the conscience of the people
and certain acts carried on in the name
Ot the people. We sometimes flnd mon
arcliies In republics. We had such a con
flict in the United State*. I refer to
Flavery. It was to the interest of the
South "to have slaves. It was to the in
terest of the North to keep still about
them, but the conscience of the people
was finally aroused and the conflict was
inevitable.
"The trouble with England is the temp
tation to develop the rabble. We have an
example of this !n making the good
Queen the Empress of India and in the
Vuttai's jubilee to impress the world with
England's greatness. This was done to
divert the minds of the oeople. When
the English people demand a reform they
g< t the tjueen's jubilee or the Queen is
piven another title, 1 pay it is possible to
debauch the people with noise.
"The ancient roots of the present bluster
were gown by James I. It has been car
3i''d on by Disraeli, Chamberlain and Ce
cil Rhodes, who Is a sort of Boss Tweed
of Bouth Africa, A Russian writer has
said that "he who has drunk will drink.'
England has drunk of power over her en
«mies and Phe probably can't help her-
Fclf. To keep the British satisfied you
must lire the British heart, so all along
her frontier they have wars. When there
is serious trouble at home they must stir
up one «>f those distant wars.
"As a rule England never stirs up ac
tual fighting if the people on the other
tide have clothes on.
"It Is not Er.cland but Chamberlain,
who has England in his power. His policy
is to keep sore places along the borders
<f her possessions. That is why there is
trouble between Canada and the United
States. That Is why there was trouble In
Venezuela. She Is always willing to arbi
trate, because, in nearly every case, arbi
tration with her means splitting the dif
ference. England pats on the back the
nation she can use, but never removes
the cause of complaint. The basis of her
policy is Inequality among men. It has
always been and that is why our forefath
ers left England.
"The Englishman feels that he Is a little
better than anybody else. England's idea
tit a vigorous foreign policy is never to
Ftrike except when the enemy is down
and has no powerful neighbor; and never
to strike below the belt when the vulner
able points are above.
"Chamberlain says there must be Eng-
lish supremacy in South Africa. We could
say the same thing about North America.
Why hasn't a little people aa many rights
as a mighty people? The great thing that
crushes a nation, or causes it to degener
ate, is war. In our trouble with Canada
over the fur seals the Premier said to me
that he didn't care a snap of his finger
for the whole fur question, but the ques
tion would be kept open. Now they want
a port on the Lynn Canal in Alaska. The
tribunal in Paris that decided the seal
question was no more worthy of respect
than the most contemptible police court
It was the same policy of overreach and
then split the difference. The people who
are talking to us now about brotherhood
and cousinship are the same 6table boy
aristocrats that flouted at Abraham Lin
coln. Is it surprising that they don't
ccc why we won t join Canada and come
in under the flag?
"Let me tell you that no country can
be stable that is held by force; no land
can be annexed permanently so long as it
is necessary to wield the sword to hold
it. South Africa was settled by the
Dutch. When the Dutch moved over into
the Transvaal the English claimed that
they were still British subjects. This
claim was admitted by the Dutch and
then abandoned by the British. The claim
of suzerainty has been revived by Cecil
Rhodes and his ilk for certain purposes.
"This war has caused one side to cay
the Boers are corrupt, another side that
the English are to blame, but I say it
makes not a particle of difference which
is right. There is no Justification for a
mighty nation to gro to war with a weak
one. All claims of British suzerainty were
given up by Gladstone and I say he did
the square thing by a little nation. I say
the outsiders had no right to vote in the
Transvaal. One of the causes of this
war, it is said, was the cry "Remember
Majuba Hill.'
"That cry and our 'Remember the
Maine' were born of the passions of war
and are therefore wrong. Other causes
are that the Boers are liars, that they
don't bathe once in a week, that they ping
psalms through their noses and that they
are not Dutch, anyway, but French Hu
guenots. A better reason is that Rhodes
demands the money In their mountains
and Rhodes Is a part of Chamberlain's
scheme, or Chamberlain is a part of
Rhodes' scheme, I can't say which.
"This war started with Dr. Jameson's
raid, and although Jameson was punished
the English would have followed and
taken in the whole country If he had been
?ucce?sful. Chamberlain says they want
racial equality. What about the great in
disma-Uon over the arrival of Russian
Jews in Englfind?
"No doubt England will go to pieces be
fore the end of the century, Just as the
great Spanish empire went to pieces in
the last century- KJpling- has said 'Send
forth the best ye breed' in a cynical mood,
but that is what England is doing. The
empire is sending forth to war the best
it breeds year after year, and as time
goes on it can breed only the second best.
That is the eau?e of the downfall of
Rome. The best blood was sent forth to
fall on the battlefield, while the stable
boys and the scullions remained at home,
and it was from them that the present
Italians descended.
"Every nation that has . gro\m in
strength has grown in peace, and every
nation has gone down in arms. The policy
of oppression must (rfve way to sobriety,
industry and lustice."
DAVID STARR JORDAN
ON THE BOER WAR
The President of Stanford University Says the
English People Are the Victims of a
Gigantic Political Bunko Game.
CHAMBERLAIN'S POLICY OF SORE SPOTS.
Speaker Says There Is No Doubt That England Will Go to Pieces
Before the End of the Century Just the Same as the
Spanish Empire Went to Pieces.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
STEAMER ALGOA IS THE
BIGGEST THING IN PORT
Mountain of Freight That the Gigantic Tramp
Vessel Is Able to Carry in
Her Hold.
THE cargo of the Algoa. the largest freight steamer that ever arrhea
at this port, is being passed through the Custom House and ' 80 ™«
remarkable things are being learned about her capacity for carrying
freight. For Instance. In one odd comer of her hold the « J" c u^
obstrusively stowed away 36,000 rolls of matting. eacß roll containing 1J)
Hnea? fee Deputy Customs Surveyor Chauncey St. John has made an in
eresdng calculSion with regard to the length of this lot «J d »f "'"^ J
has estimated that If the rolls were spread out end _to end they wouKl
form one continuous strip from the Oakland mole to Ogden. It will requ.ra
140 railway freight cars to transport the rolls to the Last. -,„,„«?
In aether obscure corner of the Algoa is a pile of grain r s n . s a u « c^
to contain 45,000 tons of grain. To carry this quantity of »J«9"J wheat
fifteen ships each of the capacity of 3COO long tons will be required
Among the unconsidered trifles in the hold are 8000 boxes of dates The
ship is so big that this pile Is hardly noticeable. The whale *"J a J °™£ <1"
the inside would not take up more than a fleabite of space In the inwards
of the Algoa.
•8:1.1 a Newark, CViitcriille.SaaJoio. Felton.
BculUer Creek.Sauta Cruz and V, ly
Htationa «SiU}
tSilSr Nercrk, t'etitcrvtlle, Kan Jose, NVir
AhsaileD, Feitoo. llonMer C'repk,
Hir.f-v Cruz and l'rinci;sl Way
Stations t lo :3**
•JiLlf Newark. .San Jo«e. Los Gatos. *U:3Oa
kll:ISp Hunters' Excursion. Sac Jose and
VTay-StaHo*-* !?i3O»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rraaSlS riUSCISCO — r.at t! lartri Street (Slis a) —
•7:l* I 8.00 11:00 A.M. tI:C3 *2:C3 13-C8
M:C3 tS:C3 «6:C3r.ii.
rrtEiOIIUKS— r»»l «r Broadway. — *6:00 8:00 10 CO* w.
112:03 "1:03 t::SJ «3:C3 |4:C3 -giGC/il.
l«:l« v Ocean View, Mouth Han Ir'rauci -¦¦•>.. to:3or
•7sO<>a Rait Joso a».l Way feiaticma iNew
Aiinii.lcn Wetlubsdajsoiily) *l:S0y
•BtOO* flan Jose. Tres 1*1 1103. Hunt* «'nre,
racflia Crofe. I'aso lt^)>!cs. San
I. mm Gliiiipo, rtnrf, Lompoc ami
l*iJuc!i>al Wuj Stations MilO»
•I«iI0a Bau.iusur.Dil \V»y Stations •G:5.T*
•Ili3Oa San Joso ami V. »y Stations *3>30»
43t43r 6sn Matro, Itedwocd, Menlu Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jcse.
Tres Flcos. Santa Cm*. SaMcas,
Ilon:erc7 ami l'acilic GroTB f10>3«4
? :i:3Or San.ioae an 1 Way titattoiis »7:30f
f ItlSr £&njoscan<l Principal Way Stations *B:-134
?3:OOp San Jose and Principal Wl7 Stations »0:OOa
*.1:3 Op Pan .1. «•.• ami Principal Way Stations *fc:3.la
•as:tOr Ban Jnseauil Way Stations t*:O»A
>ll;4.1r San Jose anil Way Station!! »7:UOr
PI sLsLS
gwq Wind —
Pain s. Stomach
Torpid Liver
Sallow Skin
Indigestion, etc.
10 cents and 25 cents— Drugrfflsts.
Physicians recommend the Pyramid Pile
Cure because It contains no opium, co-
caine, or mineral poison of any kind, and
because It Is so safe and pleasant to use,
being painless and applied at night. The
patient Is cured in a surprisingly short
time with no Inconvenience whatever.
The Pyramid Pile Cure Is sold by drug-
gists at 50 cents per package, and if there
is any constipation it is well to use the
Pyramid Pills at the same time with the
Pile Cure, as constipation is very often
the cause of piles and the pills effectually
remove the costive condition. Price of pills
is 25 cents per package.
"Write to Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich., for little book on cause and cure
of piles; sent by mall free.
CALIFGBNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
' . I-jHJSSH3HI
IM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlboron Parry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. »:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33.
8:80. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:*J
and 11:30 p. m.
¦UNDATB— B:OO. 9:80. 11:00 a, m.; 1:80. 3:3 a.
6:00. «:20 d. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:SO. »:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 11:45,
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:85 and (-.35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40. 640,
• :IS o. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
Hint schedule as above.
Leavo ArrlT*
Can Franolsoo. In Effect San Francisco.
- October 15. .¦¦
Week Sun- 193?. Sun- Week
Day*. days. Destination days. Days.
1:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluxna. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pra I:2} pm
Fulton,
100 am Windsor. 10:15 aia
Healdsburr,
Lytton.
Oeyserville,
•:» pm 8:00 am Clovertlale. 7:35 pm f:23 pa
V:80 am Hoptand and
8:00 am Uktah. 7:Bs pm 1:22 pm
f :80 am 10:23 am
8:06 am Guemevllle. 7:33 pm
1:10 pm (:23 pm
f :JO am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am SAO am
and
• :10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:85 pm 1:22 pm
T:80 am 8:00 am Fetastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:33 pml (:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Bprlng»: at Oeyserville for Slcases
Bprlng-s; at ClcvenJale for the Oeys«rs; at Hop-
l«.nd for Duncas Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelßeyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, So4a Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at UVlah for Vichy
Bprlnea. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurvi
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights. Hullvilie, Orrs
Hot Sprinss, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragc
Weatport, Usal. Wtllltts. Laytonvllla. Cum-
tnlng's, Bell's Spiiogs, Harris. Olsen'a, Dysr.
Bcctla and Eureka.
. Saturday to Monday round trip tickets ax r*.
4nced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to an points
fceyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market St.. Chronicle bld«.
P. O. WHTTINO. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Oeit Paao. Axent.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&^7^S^£
Terr »mmll mmd, as ea*y
to take ma stigaxv
SEE lrAßTrtfcl FOBHEADACHL SEE
OEE uAKI tRo for dihimess.
~™,™tw, iHITTLE FOR BILIOUSHESS. rm-mvn
GENUINE If Vfr for torpid liver. GENDINE
Wi PI LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WPAPPFR J^_fe FOR SALLOW SKIH. WRAPPER
WKArrtK [||WILJroRTHECOMPLEXion njIArrEII
— 1...|.JH1-L- f U.ii..J AH JU
O3>T REID IP-A^EIRJ'
8
DR. GUSTAVE MAHE, WHO DIED BY HIS OWN HAND.WHILE there have been no large
sales of real estate reported dur
ing the past week, brokers are
In a very pleasant frame of
mind. It has been a long time
since the demand for good Investment
properties was as active as now, and a
number of big deals are practically closed,
the facts being withheld until the deeds
are passed, for obvious reasons.
The two notable events of the week were
the recording of the deed to the Baldwin
Hotel site and the mortgaging of the
Blythe block to the United States Mort
gage and Trust Company of New York
for $1,000,000. Mrs. Blythe-Moore intends
to use a large fraction of this million dol
lars in erecting one or more buildings on
that portion of the property between
Brooks alley and O'Farrell street.
It is alsp stated that Mr. Flood will
shortly begin the erection of a splendid
store and office building on the Baldwin
Hotel site. With these contemplated im
provements on the main thoroughfare of
the city property in that vicinity Is bound
to command attention and naturally In
crease In value very perceptibly.
Baldwin & Howell report the following
recent sales: Lot on Twenty-first street,
east of York, $1050; Eleventh avenue
.south of M street, 50x120 feet in size, $500;
entire block (No. 13) in Castro-street Ad
dition, $5000; lot on north side of Dorland
street, west of Guerrero, 50x115, $2500; two
lots on Folsom street, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth, $1850 each; lot on the
north side of Fourteenth street, east of
Folsom, $1600; two lots on Nineteenth
avenue, south of H street. $750 apiece; lot
on the west side of Eighteenth avenue,
south of H street. $600.
The purchaser of the Leon Kauffman
property on the corner of Ellis street and
Carlos place, Just east of Mason street,
was Mrs. Minnie P. Shotwell. She will
complete the five-story building now in
course of construction on the site, which
will bring her total investment up to
$130,000.
W. H. Thornley of Gardner & Thornley,
Custom-house brokers, has bought a lot
50x120 feet on the east line of Nineteenth
avenue boulevard, 150 feet south of H
street, for $1450, and has started to build
the first house In the block.
The lot 40x87:6 feet and improvements
on the southwest corner of Golden Gate
avenue and Webster street has been sold
by Emlle C. Quenel to G. A. Wangen for
$19,000.
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. held a regular
auction offering of local real estate on
Tuesday, at which the following sales
were made: Northeast corner of Stock
ton and Pacific streets; lot 36:9x68 feet
and "L" 16x18 feet, together with brick
improvements, renting for $88 per month;
$8250. East side (Nos. 1120-1120 A) Leaven
worth street, 22:11x80 feet to Golden court,
with two flats; rents $40 per month; $4600.
West side (1315-1315E) Steiner street, 100
feet south of Ellis street; lot 50x90 feet,
with six flats; rents $127 50 per month; $10,
300, subject to confirmation. Southwest
corner of Hayes and Webster streets (801
Hayes street); lot 37:6x62:6 feet, with
house renting for $20 per month; $3950,
subject to approval. East side (29 to 35)
Zo<* street, 157:6 feet south of Bryant
street; lot 40x75 feet, with one front and
one rear building: rents $96 per month;
$6900. West side (844, Capp street, 80 feet
north of Twenty-fourth street; lot 20x55
feet, with two-story house; $2450.
David .Bush, manager of the country
land department of G. H. Umbsen & Co.,
reports the following sales of land In the
Interior of this State: Three hundred and
twenty acres of land in Antelope Valley,
Kern County, part farming and part graz
ing, from J. H. Kelley to J. L. Walters,
for $3500; 353 acres of farming land, well
wooded, .watered and Improved, seven
miles from Napa City in Napa County,
from Rudolph Jordan to Geer & Rltter,
for $10,000.
The loans upon city real estate of the
local savings banks, building associations
and private capitalists for the week end
ing January 6 amounted to $355,275, against
$104,225 for the previous week. The sav
ings banks loaned a total of $364,300, as
follows: Hlbernia, $117,650; German, $7900;
San Francisco Savings Union, $113,600;
Savings and Loan. $14,000; Humboldt, $900;
Mutual, $69,350: French, $5000, and Colum
bus, $35,900. The loans of private capital
ists and others amounted 'to $23,975.
Among the largest loans of the week was
one of $66,000 by the San Francisco Sav
ings Union, another of $40,000 by the same
bank, one- of $63,500 by the Mutual Sav
ings, one of $35,900 by the Columbus Sav
ings and three by the Hlbernia Savings
of $26,000. $21,000 and $10,000 respectively.
Nearly all of the money put out last week
was at 6 per cent. Releases last week
were $185,255, showing that much new
money found lodgment last week.
Twelve new building contracts, aggre
gating in value $73,749, were filed during
the week ending January 11. The largest
contract was that of Mrs. B. B. Crocker
with Wilson, Cook & Banewltz, to build
a two-story and basement frame building
on the northwest corner of Clay and
Franklin streets, for $18,239. Another lead
ing contract was that of Charles L. Til
den with Thomas Butler, to erect a two
story brick warehouse, for $18,100. on the
southwest line of Spear street, 137:6 feet
southeast of Folsom street. Joseph M.
Funer and wife contracted with J. H.
Hughes and J. A.- McDonald to build a
frame building on the southeast corner
of Thirteenth and Jessie streets, to cost
$6777. John F. Kennedy contracted with
John F. Long for fifty-eight sliding doors
on the jail floor of the Hall of Justice, to
cost $6050. Joseph Frowenfel awarded a
contract to Ickelhelmer Bros, for alter
ations to cost $5669 on the Royal House,
on the north line of Ellis street. 137:6 feet
east of Mason. William Gelselman con
tracted with J. F. Logan to erect a two
story frame building, to cost $4092, on the
north line of Golden Gate avenue, 125 feet
west of Devisadero street. The James G.
Fair estate let a contract to E. Coleman
for carpentry. Joist work, etc., to cost
$3100, for a building on the west line of
Front street, between Pacific and Broad
way. The other contracts of the week
ranged In value from $1347 to $2900.
"The year 1899 was a fairly prosperous
one for the building interests of this city,"
says the Building News and Review. "Tho
last two months did not show the totals
expected, but this was partly due to the
inordinate rise in prices of ¦ many - mate-
British Ship Musselcrag in a Hurricane.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOODS FOR INVALIDS AND CHILDREN.
Copyright, 1000, hy Seymour Eaton.
HOWIE SCIENCE MIND HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Contributors to this course: Mrs. Helen Campbell. Mrs. Margaret E. gangster, Mrl
Kate Gannett Wells, Mr». Louise E. Hogan. Miss Anna Barrows, Mrs. Mary Koberta SmStX
Miss Emily G. Balch, Miss Lucy Wheelock and others.
XIV. FOOD FOR INVALIDS AND
CHILDREN.
Owing to differences of temperament
and constitution every case of feeding
needs individuallzation, and where there
is doubt on the subject, even In conditions
of health, the advice of an authority on
the subject should be sought. Fortu
nately for both invalids and children, sci
entists and physicians are inclined to pay
special attention to this important phase
of preventive medicine, and it Is possible
for mother, nurse and physician to co
operate on food questions with some hope
of achieving desirable results.
The study of dietetics as applied to the
nursery and the period of childhood, as
well as In its relation to invalids, requires
practical application of theory to indi
vidual needs, no matter what system of
feeding Is decided upon. Parents must
understand that what is provided for the
average table in the way of food may not
always be given with impunity to children.
Well-trained nurses and expert physicians
appreciate more fully than parents the
benefit in disease that comes from well-se
lected, properly prepared and thoroughly
assimilated food. Parents as a rule and
many untrained nurses forget, althou^n
they may acknowledge the importance of
the fact, that the food an adult can re
ceive and assimilate does harm to the
tender organs of a child— organs that de
pend very largely for their development
upon a proper selection and administra
tion of assimilable" food. Carelessness and
ignorance at this period of life are quick
ly followed by pernicious results.
The treatment of almost all diseases re
quires the special application of food prin
ciples, and many of them, especially In
children, may be avoided by care in tbi3
direction. Any one who will study the
nature of food products, whether nitro
genous, carbonaceous or mineral, their
proportion of waste and water, those
needed to build tissue, furnish heat,
purify the blood, etc., will comprehend at
once the value of dietetic knowledge in
the selection and preparation of the food
required under special conditions. Dr.
Burnet of London says this knowledge is
the foundation of sound practical diet
etics, and the subject is one of the great
est importance. Dr. Rotch. professor of
diseases of children at Harvard, says in
"Pediatrics": "Just as the highest aim in
medical art should be directed to the
province of preventive medicine, so the
highest and most practical branch of pre
ventive medicine should consist of the
study of the best means for starting
young human beings in life. • • • It is
a proper or an Improper nutriment which
makes or mars the perfection of the com
ing beings in life. • • • We should be
guided by what nature hag taught "is
throughout many ages in studying the
form of nutriment suitable for an especial
period of life." ? . ,
A nourishing diet must be supplied dur
ing the entire season of a child's youth,
and at the same time be supplemented by
favorable hygienic surroundings and by
plenty of exercise of various kinds to call
every set of muscles into play, lack of
sufficient exercise diminishing tissue
change. During this early period of life
larger supplies of certain food elements
are required than in adult life, when
physical growth has ceased and bodily
activity has grown less. It must also bfc
understood that under various conditions
in the life of the same child different
foods and quantities will be required. The
diet must be adapted to the power of the
constitution at the time, and it must be
of the highest nutritive value possible for
present digestive power. If the child's
digestion is normal and its life an active
and out-of-door one it can assimilate
more and stronger food than if, from vari
ations in climate and other causes, it
leads a more quiet life, and if for any
reason its digestion is not up to the nor
mal standard, consideration must be given
Particularly to quantity and assimilation,
t must always be remembered that eat
ing, through repair, is intended to bal
ance, not to increase, the waste caused
by the constant action and Changs going
on In the organs. This waste, if not fully
counterbalanced, will soon cause suffer
ing and illness, but the mistake so con
fetuntly met with of overfeeding must be
absolutely avoided. The amount of nutri
tion in the cases of delicate children and
of invalids must be even more carefully
considered. One of the most important
reasons for this is that energy must not
be wasted in getting rid of superfluous
material, as organic disease may result.
A little food thoroughly digested is far
better than much that is half digested. It
is necessary to understand how to supply,
as nearly as possible, the same materials
that the body is regularly losing, as, for
Instance, when we give heat-forming food
in cold weather and liquid in hot weather.
Drink constitutes food as well as what
we eat.
As each nutritive Ingredient serves its
owi. peculiar purpose, it can readily be
seen why it is necessary for a mother,
nurse or physician to understand some
thing of the elements of food and their
action. A mother or nurse should be able
to detect immediate needs in Individual
cases, as on account of proximity they
are generally the only ones who notice
the dally variations in conditions requir
ing dally modifications of diet. While
they need not actually cook the food re
quired, they should know just what to se
lect under certain conditions and exactly
how to have It prepared. They should not
q_»_<s,-»-<3>.-*-<3>-*-<3>-+-<§.-»-<^~»-<3>--*-0
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Entertainment by a Fraternal Order
That Was Enjoyed by a Large
Audience.
The entertainment and dance given in
Golden Gate Hall last Thursday night by
the National Union Social and Literary
Club under the patronage of the San
Francisco Cabinet of the union was at
tended by an audience .that not only filled
every seat In the hall, but forced'many to
stand during the performance. Tho pro
gramme was high class In every particu
lar and each number was a gem. After
selections by the Slchel orchestra Miss
Cecil Haas entertained with "To-morrow
at Tea." a monologue; the Sisters Porsh
presented "La Dance de Tarentella"; Miss
Abelle Healy gave "The Window Curtain,"
a monologue; Signor Abramoff sang the
invocation from "Robert le Dlable"; Miss
Laura E. Person grave as a recitation
"The High-backed Chair and the Blue
Woolen Dog"; Miss P. Sandolin rendered
"The Island of Dreams," a mezzo-soprano
solo; Leo Cooper gave an entertaining
and well rendered monologue; Miss Aman
da d'Australle Corcoran gave as a so
prano solo "The Holy City." The last
number was "Drifted Apart." a sketch in
one act. by George A. Dennleon and Miss
May Sullivan, assuming two roles. A pro
gramme of up to date dances followed,
keeping the lovers of the whirls together
until midnight. The club proposes to give
a similar entertainment several times a.
year.
only be able to note by results whether
directions have been carried out but also
be willing, if necessary, to see to it per
sonally that this ia done. A little super
vision judiciously applied will frequently
prevent difficulties that are likely to oc
cur as a result of carelessness upon tho
part of servants.
One should seek to know the changes
needed in health, illness and intermediary
stages. In illness this knowledge would
enable one to ably supplement the effort:*
of physicians and in cases of slight indis
position one might frequently be able to
seize the opportunity through careful diet
of overcoming ailments which, uncared
for, might prove serious. For Instance,
If one recognized the fact that the elim-
Inative processes were hampered ona
would cut down albuminoids, as, for in
stance, in cases of constipation, the supply
of fruit, vegetables, cereals, etc., should
be relatively greater in menus than milk,
eggs, meat. etc. Again, as the preparation,
intervals and amounts in feeding children
and invalids are of equal importance, with
such knowledge as is indicated one would
be likely to feed less at a time and maka
the occasion more frequent, and the food
would be more daintily prepared, in order
to make it more easily assimilated than ia
required for conditions of health. In casea
of illness one would fully realize that suc
cess in treatment depends very largely
upon the trouble taken in the combina
tions and preparation of the foods that
are allowable and one would endeavor to
give as varied a diet as the necessary lim
itations would allow. In such considera
tion temperaments must always be studied
and taste 3 and likings consulted, which
questions are of the greatest importance
through the Influence they exert on the
digestion of food.
Naturally following as a result of such
study, the fact would be discovered that
more liquid fo<id should be used than is
common and less of solid. The giving of
water is one of the most important fea
tures of invalid and infant feeding. Many
conditions require it and it la healthful
at all times unless in rare stages of ill
ness when it would be forbidden by the at
tending physician. It is not unusual to
deprive infants almost entirely of water
because they drink milk. The fact is
overlooked that milk, though a liquid out
of the body, becomes in the stomach a
solid food, containing all the nutriment
for an infant's normal growth. Irregular
action of natural laws of the body is not
infrequently the result of such depriva
tions and can easily be corrected by the
use of what may appear to many to be an
excess of water.
Among the uneducated, strong in the old
theory of teething being the necessary
cause, it Is a very common custom to look
tolerantly upon serious infantile ailments.
"Errors in diet and consequent disorders
of digestion, which frequently give rise
to violent convulsions in infancy, would
occur less frequently if," as has been
aptly said by a physician, "for 'teething'
we would read 'stomach and feeding'; and
if we would always consider whether
these are at fault we might, although
proving disagreeable and troublesome at
times to the mothers and nurses, do mar a
good to the suffering Infants."
If food Is not such as the digestion can
master it Is useless and can only do harm.
Not being turned to proper account, the
blood receives no new supply and la im
poverished; there Is no nourishment given
for development of body, and inherited
tendencies to various diseases are encour
aged by those whose duty it is to provide
food of a nutritious quality and to <»te
that it is carefully administered. Many
of the diseases to which children are liable
would disappear entirely under strict su
pervision ot hygiene and diet, especially
the various intestinal disorders, including;
many resultant throat, catarrhal ana
nervous troubles. Nature resents care
lessness and Is relentless In her punish
ment. What the doctor calls cholera ln
fantum, rickets or marasmus, etc.. and
the mother is often Inclined to consider a
dispensation of Providence, Is only too
frequently the direct result of violations
of the most common laws of home science.
The whole study of feeding children and
Invalids may appear to be a vast one, yet
it resolves itself into a few simple and
generally acknowledged facts. The evil
conditions that arise from improper feed
ing are not always the result of lack of
knowledge, but very frequently because
what we know we do not do. when en
deavoring to apply the principles of food
and nutrition we must both know and do.
Knowledge and action must be combined
for good results. The few underlying
principles to remember when studyln?
now to individualize each case of feeding,
whether it be Invalid or child, are these:
1. What is given to an Infant as a sub
stitute food must resemble Its natural
food as closely as possible. This can ba
done with the aid of a physician, upon
whom every child's health should depend
if possible during at least the first twelve
months of its precarious existence.
2. Following infancy comes the more dif
ficult period of childhood, although not
usually considered so, when necessary
supplies of nutriment must be furnished
to repair the constant waste caused by the.
active growth of the child. It is at this
time that the constituents of various foods
should be thoroughly understood and the
amounts necessary for various periods,
the methods of preparation and adminis
tration required, etc. General knowledga
will not be of service at thl3 period un
less directed toward specific study, sucn
specific study taking up the laws of heat
and Its effect on foods during cooking,
the proper balancing of dietaries, the re
lation of fat to food, the use of cereals
and sweets, when and how to uae meats,
eggs. fish, etc., what are the reasons for
the use of inorganic salts, contained more
particularly In green vegetables and fruit,
what foods are laxative in their influence.
which are suitable for winter and which
for summer use, which foods are supple
mentary in certain conditions of rapid
growth and which are basic needs for all
times, as for instance during the school
period, when children so quickly develop
anaemic conditions from overstudy and
lack of hygienic care. These and kindred
subjects come up under this special phase
of the study of foods for children.
3. Following the period of childhood
comes the time for the study of estimat
ing correct quantities and proper selec
tions of food to be used In regulating the
diet suited to the Individual needs of girls
and boys approaching maturity, the ex
cesses to be avoided by those of seden
tary habits and questions of similar im
port.
4. A simple presentation of the physiol
ogy of digestion would undoubtedly serve
to show why there Is need for care In
diet during illness. Inasmuch as every
alimentary organ has its specific work to
do. It Is plain that certain conditions call
for certain foods. When digestion is
faulty or disordered from illness it is nec
essary to know which class of foods is
to be withheld and which should be given,
as, for Instance, In typhoid fever there
must be no tax upon the intestines, and
foods must therefore be given that are
easily absorbed and digested In the stom
ach, such as peptonized milk or beef,
white of egg in water, koumiss, etc. It
Is also necessary to know that In case*
of doubt In illness total abstinence from
food is the safest plan until a physician
can be called, as this Is sometimes the
only way by which absolute rest can be
obtained for the diseased parts. Foussa
grivea of Paris says: -The number of
cases cf disease which can be arrested
In children by Instituting a preventive
diet is almost Incredible." The late Pro
fessor Gross of Philadelphia once said:
"The diet of the sickroom has slain its
thousands and tens of thousands. The
ordinary preparations for the sick are. In
general, not only not nutritious but In
sipid and flatulent. Animal soups are>
among the most efficient supporters of
the exhausted system, and every medical
man should know how to give directions
for their preparation. The life of a man
Is his food." Foussagrlves maintains that
the feeding in Illness Is a question of the
very greatest delicacy, which embarrasses
educated physicians themselves, and that
it Is a subject of Important research.
With opinions like these and many oth
ers not noted to encourage us in our
effort, we may well study further a sub
ject which is of vital Interest in its In
fluence on the happiness of our homes.
Philadelphia,
Will Receive Holy Communion.
On Sunday, January 14, at the 7:30
o'clock mass, the Gentlemen's Sodality
of St. Ignatius Church will receive holy
communion In a body In the large church.
It will be a time of unusual devotion for
the Sodality, being the first general com
munion of the new year, as well as the
Feast of the Holy Name. All the mem
bers, comprising 700, will march In pro
cession from their chapel on Hayes street,
headed by the officers and banners of the
society. There will be a reception of new
members after the ceremonies.
La Estrella's Officers.
To-night the recently elected officers of
La Estrella Parlor of the Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West will be installed
by Mrs. J. A. Stelnbach. D. D. G. P., in
Sierra Hall of the Native Sons' building.
After the installation, which will be pri
vate, the committee on entertainment. will
present a programme and have a general
good time for the members and friends.
The committee consists of Mrs. M. Bolde
mann, Mrs. E. Thierbach, Miss J. Vasse
lin, Mrs. H. Hall, Mrs. J. Vincent, Mrs.
1L Kats and Miss Alice Maunder.
Safe letter delivery for Nome, via St. Michael,
starting Jan. 25. v l& Kodiak; limit % ox.; $5 per
letter. Mohns & Kaltz-nbach, 29 Market st. •
"OOM JOE'S" FLAG.
It Is Now in the Custody of the Police,
Who Fear It Might Cause
a Riot.
"Oootn Joe" Skelton's.Boer flag, which
caused a riot at Tenth and Harrison
streets Wednesday, is now in tho custody
of tbe police, as It la considered danger
ous to the peace of the city.
O. W. Richards, who resides on Dore
street, having Imbibed too much liquor,
began to apostrophize the flag, collecting
a crowd. Policeman Fontana came upon
the scene and arrested Richards as a
"drunk." He took possession of the flag
and the Judge before whom Richards is
taken to-day will have to decide what
shall be done with it.
Richards came Into prominence during
the recent bond election by giving Louis
Berger, an election officer at th© booth at
Tenth and Harrison Btreeta a bottle of
carbolic acid to drink, Berger being mj.
der the impression it was whisky
All Readers of Books, Attention!
Plumber for carpenter work? Brick ma
son to tune pianos? A minister to fight a
lawsult7 Of course not! Who ever heard
of such a thing! Every man to his trade
or profession. The Sunday Call book re
views are written by H. B. Lathrop, pro
fessor of English literature at Stanford
University. What could be more satisfac
tory or appropriate than a literary de
partment In charge of so able a critic?
U«e Phro»o for the complexion — Ct will sur-
prise and delight you. •
INTERESTING?
VERY!
WHAT to do when your best
girl says 'yes.' " That is the
question. Funny story con
nected with that remark
clever illustrations too. Look out
for it!
Lucky Baldwin is going to leave
California and go to Cape Nome!
Run a theater? Store? Danca
hall? Hard to tell unless you get
the story straight from him. He
has bad hard luck of late. Once
millionaire, you know. Most inter
esting life! He tells It well, too.
"Great Guns!" Not merely an in
terjection, but literally speaking.
We have them now out by the
Golden Gate— more coming, too.
Tou should keep posted upon these
matters. These same guns and
fortifications would be of vital Im
portance If another war should oc
cur.
Hare you read the story of tho
artist's models of San Francisco?
Great story that! Splendidly, illus
trated—photographs with most
artistic pen and Ink . decorations.
So well printed— clear, absolutely
no blur. The same applies to the
dramatic page, a very swell one, in
next Sunday's Call.
By the way, have you any idea
how much it costs an actress. in a
stock company to dress? Or again,
not to digress too suddenly, aie
you aware that California's vast
forest supply is slowly but surely
disappearing? Well, read about it
all in next Sunday's Call. You will
also find a great many other Inter
esting stories there.
Alice Edith Strait jacketed.
Alice Edith Dickason Blythe was ar
rested on Turk street yesterday morning.
She was booked at the City Prison as a
"drunk," but she was 6O violent that she
had to be sent to the insane ward in the
Receiving Hospital and put in a strait
jacket.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
LOST THE TASTE
For Ordinary Coffee.
"It is strar.ge how people will try to
invent some cause for their feeling bad,
rather than to charge the trouble to
some habit they may have that they
have good reason to believe is the real
cause. For instance, all the time that
we were using coffee on our table I was
subject to occasional terrible head-
aches, and my husband was half sick
with nervous troubles.
"We felt satisfied that coffee was the
cause, but were afraid we wouldn't like
Postum Cereal Coffee, and therefore
tried in every way to think that some-
thing in the food, or some other reason,
was the real cause of our troubles.
After reading several articles in regard
to the evil effects of coffee drinking
and the merits of Postum Food Coffee
I became convinced of the truth of the
statements, and called my husband's
attention to them.
"He was skeptical on the subject, but
to please me said we wo-uld give Pos-
tum a trial, co he procured a package
and I made It. but the milk we were
using was of the kind that produced
little cream, and that did not give us
as good a beverage as we found after-
ward could be secured with cream.
However, in spite of the drawback, w»
grew to like the Postum Food Coffee,
and both of us found ourselves greatly
benefited by the change. My head
ceased to trouble me entirely, and my
husband was practically made over.
"We were out of the Postum for a
time, and having coffee in the house
and feeling bo much better we conclud-
ed to try tho coffee again, but in a few
days my headaches came back, so that
we became satisfied where the real
trouble existed. We used Postum for
quite a long time, and still having some
coffee in the house, tried coffee again.
Imagine our surprise In discovering
that we no longer cared for the taste
of the ordinary coffee, so the next
morning we had a rare treat in a cup
of piping hot, delicious Postum.
"Coffee is no longer kept in our
house. Our children are very fond of
the new kind of 'toffee,' as they call It.
and we give them as much as they
want to drink, without fearing to in-
jure their health. I find that it enables
me to furnish baby with a more abund-
ant supply of milk than I could other-
wise do. Postum Cereal Food Coffee
has Sndeefl been a great boon to our
family/—M rs. Mary Wade, Saybrook,
Ohio.
LEATHER MEN TRYING
TO MAKE HIDES FREE
MEETING CALLED TO OPPOSE
THE TARIFF.
Local Tanners, Leather Dealers, Shoe
Manufacturers and Others Are
Taking Part in the
Movement.
The local dealers In leather and hides,
the tanners and also the manufacturers of
shoes and others who use large quantities
of leather have signed a call for a meet-
Ing to be held In the rooms of the Board
of Trade of San Francisco next Wednes
day afternoon. The purpose is, according
to the language of the call, "to discuss the
hide duty and adopt resolutions favoring
Its repeal, to be forwarded to the Cali
fornia delegation In Congress, and to take
such other action as the best Interests of
the trad© demand." All persons are in
vited to attend who may be interested in
the repeal of that section of the tariff
law which Imposes a duty on foreign
hides.
A. J. Marcus of the S. H. Frank Tanning
Company, who was one of the signers of
the call, explained yesterday the reason
for the meeting. He said that similar
meetings had been held by the leather and
hides men in the Eastern States. Prior to
the enaction of the McKlnley tariff law
there had been no duty on foreign hides.
A bill had recently been introduced by a
Congressman from Massachusetts, which
Is the center of the shoe and leather In
dustry of the United States. The hides
and leather men protested when the sec
tion of the McKlnley bill placing a duty
upon foreign hides was under considera
tion, but their protest was not heeded.
Now the struggle for free hides was about
to be renewed.
The committee calling the meeting in
this city are the following: S. Nickels
burg of Cahn, Nickelsburg & Co.; Herbert
Kullman of Kuiiman, Salz & Co.; Milton
L. Cook of H. j& Cook Belting Company;
Albert Derham of Buckingham & Ilecht;
Alfred Marcus of the Frank Tanning
Company; A. L. Bryan of the A. L. Bryan
Shoe Company* Main & Winchester, Le
gallet-Hellwlg Tanning Company; Bissin
ger & Co., Charles G. Bennett & Co., J. C.
Johnson & Co., Morris Windt, W. H. Pur
telle.
CLAIMS TOR DAMAGES.
Sequel to Destruction, of Maclean Hos
pital by Health Officials.
The destruction of the Maclean Hospi
tal and Sanitarium on July 8 last had its
sequel yesterday in the filing of a de
mand for $3027 50 by Dr. H. T. Webster,
representing the value of property belong
ing to him which wasstored in the annex
when the building was destroyed by tho
health officials.
"Inasmuch as the destruction of tho
property was owing to the failure of the
city to provide a suitable pesthouse,"
concludes the petition, "and as the loss
is directly due to this cause, it seems to
be a just and proper charge against the
city."
The property enumerated as destroyed
consists of 934 stereotype plates, 800 copies
of unbound books, 500 pounds of type and
certain printing material.
GOOD MARKET
FOR REALTY
rials. At present cost of large buildings
owners are arguing the fact whether or
not they will receive a fair interest on
their money. A building that will cost
now $100,000 in case of a forced sale in a
few years would not probably command
much more than one-half that amount.
This is a serious point to consider, and is
much used by owners before making up
their minds just what to do in the future.
It is almost self-evident that the present
high prices of certain materials cannot
be maintained for a period of years.
This is the fact which is preventing many
contracts from being closed. It is also
the reason why buildings on Ellis, Mason,
Market and other streets will for the
present be only two or three stories high.
The least fall in the prices of materials,
with a greater prospective decline in th©
near future, will be the signal for a gen
eral increase of building activities all over
the coast."
Four hundred and five mechanics'
liens aggregating in value $127,256
were filed in this city and county
in 1800, against 339, valued at $85,636, in 1593.
Ihe releases of liens for 1599 were 183, val
ued at 554.195. The Building News and Re
view says that the increase in the Hens
during 1839 is partly accounted for by al
lowing a percentage extra owing to the
fact that the building summary showed
an increase of one and a quarter million
of dollars; but that this does not explain
all of the large increase in the amount of
liens. During the year a great many pro
ratas were settled.
Plans are being prepared by M. G. Bug
bee for a new building to be erected tor
E. Avery McCarthy on the north line of
Broadway between Steiner and Pierce
streets. Mr. McCarthy's residence, on the
northwest corner of Broadway and Stein
er street, Is nearing completion.
Work on the monastery and church
building, of brick and stone, which is to
be erected for the Franciscan Fathers of
St. Boniface parish on Golden Gate ave
nue, west of Jones street, will soon begin.
It is expected the building will be com
pleted during the present year.
The Crocker Estate Company is having
plans prepared for a large building to be
erected on the fifty-vara lot on the corner
of First and Mission streets, recently pur
chased from the estate of Charles Meyer.
The new building to be erected by A.
Aronson on the southeast corner of Post
and Jones streets will be five stories in
height, with a basement, and is expected
to cost $50,000. It is designed for an apart
ment house, with stores on the ground
floor.
The District Council of Carpenters and
Joiners of this city has given notice that
the minimum rate of wages for carpenters
of this city will be $3 50 per day on and
after the first Monday In April next. Also
that all foremen will be required to belong
to the Brotherhood of Carpenters on and
after the date named.
Buyer and Seller is the title of a new
publication devoted to real estate inter
ests, published by Baldwin & Howell, the
first number of which has Just made its
appearance. The circular is attractive in
form and contains much of interesl.
In it the prediction is made that during
the present year activity in real estate
circles in San Francisco will be greater
than for a number of years.
A lot purchasing society has heen or
ganized by the congregation of the Rich
mond Methodist Episcopal Church for the
purpose of raising money with which to
purchase the land on which the church
building, which is owned by the congre
gation, is located. The officer' 1 of the so
ciety are: President, S. A. K*..:Gaw; vice
president. Mrs. H. 11. Ihnen; secretary,
E. H. Wllcox: treasurer, H. Ihne:i.
Improvement officers have been elected
to -serve for the ensuing terni as follows:
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs — President. A. S. Lillie; vice
president. Gustave Schnee: secretary,
Joseph Tuohey: treasurer, W. Crouch.
Eureka Valley and Park Lane Tract
Improvement Clut> — L. Daniels, presi
dent; J. W'hitaker, vice president; D. I.
Wyatt, secretary: A. Adams, treasurer.
The club will endeavor to have a school
built in the district west of Danvers
street and south of Sixteenth.
Market -.street Improvement Club-
President, A. B. Morgan; vice president,
J. McDonnell: secretary, William E. Du
bois; treasurer, M. C. Glmpel; sergeant
at-arms, C. Crowley: executive com
mittee—Denis Barry. W. M. Morgan. B.
Joost. George. A. Clough, J. McDonnell;
financial committee— Frank Ryan, A. L.
Tunlson, W. J. Cuthbertson; delegates
to the Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs— A. B. Morgan, W. J. Cuth
bertson, W. E. Dubois.
Point Lobos Improvement Clvb —
George R. Fletcher, president; , Edward
Ginley, first vice president: Charles R.
Hansen, second vice president; Will P.
Johnson, secretary; John J. Cassidy,
financial secretary and corresponding
secretary; Philip J. Ward, treasurer;
Charles Goodall, sergeant-at-arms; ex
ecutive committee— Chairman, James M.
Wilklns; secretary, John J. Cassidy:
George Magoonls, John T. Williams, E.
L. O'Connor, Fred L. Jones. W. A.
Deane, J. J. Duffy, A. Hemenover, D. L.
Fitzgerald, H. U. Jaudln.
At a recent meeting of the executive
committee of -he Builders' Association
of California Valentine Franz was elect
ed chairman of the committee and J. D.
Hannah secretary.
Holly Park and Mission Improvement
Club— S. P- Douglass, president; F. E.
Sautter, recording secretary; B. Kramer,
financial secretary; John Felix, treas
urer; Emll Knoch, sergeant-at-arms. An
executive committee was also elected,
composed of T. R. Hulling. T. Santry. H.
E. Wlnkler, R. Smith and H. Carlson.
H. E. Poehlman. real estate agent, has
removed to 321 Montgomery street,
low Pine.
THE oldest Fsilor in the world went to sea Thursday on the whaling
bark Gayhead. The articles on Me In the Custom-house read, "Sam
Mlsti, cook, native of China, aged 100 year?." Captain Foley, however,
asserts that the cook must be older than that, because he can remember
things distinctly that took place In the China Seas a century ago.
Sam Mlsti says he went to sea In a man-of-war before the days of steam.
In those days the Yellow Sea was infested with pirates and it was the duty
of the little warship on which he was at work to hunt the sea robbers. The
Chinaman tells with great glee how his ship used to be fixed up to deceive the
pirates. The topmasts would be struck and the yards lowered. Tattered
sails would be shown and the man-of-war made to look as much like a wreck
as possible. Then, when the pirates swarmed alongside boiling water and
boiling tar were poured down on them by some of the jackies, while the
remainder of the crew would not be idle with their guns and cutlasses.
Sam Misti is a little bit of a shriveled-up Chinese, but is still as active as
a kitten. His eyes have no whites to them, so that his face presents a very
peculiar expression. He said Thursday before he sailed that he had been
going to tha Arctic for thirty years and expects to go north again on at least
fix more voyages. He made nearly a <lozen voyages with Captain Lew Wil
liams In the Hidalgo, and is now a protege of that gentleman. Captain Wil
liams says that no one knows Sara'f age— not even the Chinese himself.
"The man is a hundred if he is a day." said Captain Williams Thursday,
"and judging from the present state of his health he will live to be at least
150. A better or more faithful cook never went to sea in a vessel, and I'll
guarantee the men on the Gayhead will be well taken care of during her
cruise In the Arctic"
HELD THE NOTE
WHILE IT GREW
OVER TEH FOLD
Allen Howard's Suit Is
Contested.
HERMAN BISHOP HAS A STORY
LOST HIS FURNITURE AND NOW
IS A DEFENDANT.
Pledged His Chattels to Secure a
Small Loan, Paid It Back and
More, but More Is De
manded.
A suit of peculiar Interest, In which the
assignor of the plaintiff, if the defend
ant's allegations are based on fact, has
gracefully ascended the throne deserted
some years ago by Shylock, was up for
hearing before Judge Hunt yesterday, but
owing to the filing of a demurrer went
over for a week. W. F. Sayers, as as
signee of Allen Howard, is the plaintiff
and Herman Bishop, late of 223 A Leaven
worth street, occupies the unenviable role
of defendant. The action is brought to
recover $230 principal and Interest on a
promissory note for $50, secured by a
chattel mortgage, all of which chattels
have long sir.cc passed, it is alleged, into
the hands of the holder of the note.
In his complaint the plaintiff simply
asks judgment on the note with interest,
but the Eton' Is told in the answer which
will be f.l*e by Attorney Albert M. Arm
fctrong, who represents the defendant. In
his answer Bishop admits that he gave
the note for $50, as alleged, on December
3. 1R94, and agreed to pay 10 per cent a
month thereon, in default of which he
agreed to surrender all of his personal
effects, including his English and German
library, student s lamp, desk and acces
sories. He paid the interest for a year
— S00 — and then, finding himself hard press
ed, surrendered his chattels. Howard
took them and Bishop considered the
deal closed. In December of IS9S, how
ever, Howard filed suit to recover the
sum named, but waited a year, the de
fendant alleges, before issuing summons.
Bishop is now preparing to resist the
claim, ap he says $60 interest on a $50
note, coupled with the surrender of his
chattels, which he valued at $303 90. is
sufficient compensation for his benefactor
in his days of need, without the $230,
which would raise the note, principal and
interest to the snug sum of $583 90.
BRITISH SHIP
MUSSELCRAG IS
NOW IN SAFETY
Reaches Sydney in
Distress.
BOUND HERE FROM ANTWERP
RECORD RUN OF THE BARK
NORFOLK ISLAND.
Came Here From Newcastle, Austra
lia, in Forty-Eight Days—Train
ing-Ship Adams to Start
on. Another Cruise.
Among the vessels that suffered severe
ly in the October gales oft the Horn was
the British ship Musselcrag. She is now
out 178 days from Antwerp for San Fran
cisco and, as she has put into Sydney,
N. S. W., in distress, it will probably be
another hundred days before she gets
here. According to the reports received
by the Merchants' Exchange yesterday
the vessel is badly strained and the cargo
will have to be discharged and a survey
held before she can come on to this port.
The Musselcrag left Antwerp on July 18
last. On September 10 she was spoken
in latitude 33 south, longitude 51 west.
All through the heavy weather In Octo
ber she was not heard from, nor was
anything seen of her in November and
December. Then the underwriters began
to get uneasy and 10 per cent reinsur
ance was offered on vessel and cargo
When the overdue fleet began .to arrive
and tales of heavy weather and disasters
were told the rate on the Musselcraa
went up to 25 per cent.
At last on January 4 the overdue vessel
was heard from. Captain Johnson had
tired of his battle with the elements off
tape Horn and was coming to San Fran*
Cisco via the Cape of Good Hope. During
the struggle the ship's decks had been
swept clean, the bulwarks were stove in,
nearly a whole suit of sails had been
blown from the bolt ropes, the cabin had
been gutted, the forecastle washed out
and several of the crew had been hurt
When Cape Otway, the most southerly
point in Australia, was sighted, Captain
Johnson stood in and signaled the light
house keeper that his vessel was badly
damaged, but that all hands were well.
At that time it was evidently his inten
tion to come on to San Francisco but
as the hull must have been very foul
and the crew worn out. Captain Johnson
must have considered it the wisest course
to put into Sydney, N. S. W.
The Musselcrag was built in 1896 and is
owned by W. Corsar of Liverpool. She is
1871 tons net burden, 266 feet 6 inches long,
40 feet beam and 23 feet 7 inches deep.
The British bark Norfolk Island arrived
In port yesterday unexpectedly from New
castle, N. S. W. She was listed for Ho
nolulu, but Captain Thomas says this was
a mistake, as his cargo of coal is con
signed to San Francisco parties. The Nor
folk Island made the run across in forty
eight days. This is the banner run of the
season and has only been beaten twice in
ten years. In 1894 the British ship Os
borne made it in forty-seven and in 1897
the Loch Toredon made it in forty-six
days. Strange to say, the Norfolk Island
was exactly twenty-four days from New
castle to the equator and twenty-four
days more from the equator to San Fran
cisco. Both captain and crew -of the bark
are very proud of the showing made by
their vessel, and are confident she will
make an equally good run from here' to
Europe with a load of wheat.
The workings of the new charter made
a number of changes at the Harbor Hos
pital yesterday. Dr. Thompson has gone
to the new City Hall. Drs. Frank B.
Robinson and 11. Morrison will not be •¦
duty again until February 1, and Drs.
Dorr, Starr and Thome will take waten
and-watch during the remainder of the
month.
The United States training ship Adams
will get away for another cruise early
this morning. The apprentice boys have
been anxious to make a start for quite a
while, but the powers that be ruled oth
erwise. Yesterday all the officers wore
ordered to be aboard at 11:30 p. m., and
with the morning tide the training ship
will put to sea. It was originally the in
tention to go from here to San Diego a«;d
then to Magdalena Bay for target prac
tice, and then for a cruise among th<?
Hawaiian Islands. Since plague news lms
been coming from Honolulu, however, the
Government thought it best to drop the
trip to the Paradise of the Pacific. The
Adams will accordingly come back here
after the target practice in Magdalena
Bay and will then go north for a cruise
in Puget Sound waters. IJeutenant Com
mander Henry Minnett did not go out on
the Adams. At the last moment he was
detached from the training ship and or
dered to the navy yard.
The transport City of Puebla is to sail
from Nagasaki for San Francisco to-day
and in that event should reach here abouf
January 31.
Nicholas George and Peter Black, fire
men on the steamer Ban Juan, had a fight
a few days ago on board the vessel, and
honors were about even. Yesterday morn-
Ing Black wan found on the Mall dock
with an ugly wound In his abdomen. Po
liceman Winzler was notified, and Black
told him that he and George had renewed
the fight and George had stabbed him In
the abdomen. George was arrested and
taken to the City Prison, where he was
booked on a charge of assault to murder
Black was taken to the Receiving Hospial
and later to St. Mary's Hospital. Th<3
wound is a dangerous one and may prove
fatal. The police could not find an eye
witness to the stabbing, and have only
Black's word for it.
THIS CHINESE SEA COOK
IS A HUNDRED YEARS OLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
9ing that we shall draw a very small quantity
of our supplies this year from that source.
The generous arrivals last week eased the mar
ket a little temporarily for tome grades, but
we are acaln almost entirely out of domestls
600 Denver & Rio Grande 17%
feOO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 65%
400 Erie ! 11%
750 Erie let prefd 32%
S3O Great Northern prefd Nil
Hocking Coal 15%
Hotfkiug Valley 31
Illinois Central 111%
100 lowa Central 11%
lowa Central prefd 45%
€00 Kansas Ciay, Pittsburg & Gulf 9
100 Lake Erie & Western 23
Lake Erie &. Western prefd S3
Lake Shore , 197
S.4SO Louisville & Nashville 80
11.060 Manhattan Elevated 94%
5.370 Metropolitan Street Railway 167
100 Mexican Central 11%
400 Minneapolis & St Louis 65%
300 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 90
4,400 Missouri Paciflc 40%
JOO Mobile & Ohio 39%
200 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 10
400 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd — 32%
COO New Jersey Central 117%
5.500 »w York Central 134U
2.950 Norfolk & Western 24%
1.250 Norfolk & 'Western prefd 6a
4.6"0 Northern Paciflc 51%
1.200 Northern Pacific prefd 73%
2,200 Ontlrio & Western 21%
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
4,685 Pennsylvania 129%
100 Reading 17%
S.MO Reading Ist prefd 51
£00 Reading 2d prefd 26%
Rio Gronde Western 36V»
Rio Grande Western prefd 80
122 St Louis & San Francisco 9%
St Louis & San Francisco Ist prefd. 6S
800 St Louis & San Francisco Sd prefd.. 32%
700 St Louis, Southwestern 10
1,060 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 25
7.CSO St Paul 117%
Bt Paul prefd 170
St Paul & Omaha. 112
13.895 Southern Paciflc 37%
2.100 Southern Railway 11%
2.260 Southern Railway prefa 63%
1.200 Texas & Paciflc 14%
17.100 Union Paciflc 46%
8.C20 Union Paciflc prefd 74%
100 Wabash 7%
600 Wabash prefd 20%
POO Wheeling &LE 9%
800 Wheeling & L E prefd 25%
$00 Wisconsin Central IS
Express Companies —
Adams 112
American 143
United States 45
Wells Fargo 120
Miscellaneous—
2M American Cotton OH 83%
150 American Cotton Oil prefd 9!
American Malting C%
160 American Malting prefd 28
1,100 American Smelting & Ref 56%
810 American Smelting &. Ref prefd 87%
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 41%
American Steel Hoop prefd 81
5.510 American Steel & Wire 48
700 American Steel & Wire prefd 89%
490 American Tin Plate 30
lf>o American Tin Plate prefd 81
63,158 American Tobacco 95%
American Tobacco prefd 135 '
100 Anaconda Mining Co 89%
C 2.270 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 65%
1.500 Colorado Fuel & Iron 42%
2.050 Continental Tobacco 31%
E3O Continental Tobacco prefd 84%
11,260 Federal Steel 60%
145 Federal Steel prefd 73%
800 General Electric 123
1,700 Glucose Sugar 50%
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 97
110 International Paper 22%
SCO International Paper prefd 66%
400 Laclede Gas 70
300 National Biscuit 36V4
National Biscuit prefd 89
2,100 National Lead 26%
IS) National Lead prefd 105%
630 National Steel 41%
National Steel prefd 92
100 New York Air Brake 130
800 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 48%
Paciflc Coast Ist prefd 82
Paciflc Coast 2d prefd 60
2.R50 Paciflc Mail 43%
7.225 People's Gas 103%
BJO Prepsed Steel Car 67
115 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85
Pullman Palace Car 187
200 Standard Rope & Twine 9%
J0.273 Sugar 117%
Sugar prefd ill
2.»oo Tennessee Coal & Iron 83%
6.9 M United States Leather IS%
1,035 United States Leather prefd 75%
United States Rubber 41%
800 United States Rubber prefd 103
SIO Western Union $5%
1,420 Republic Iron & Steel 20%
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 65%
P C C & St Louis 78
491,600 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 102% N J Cent gen 65. ...118
U S 8s reg 109% North Carolina 65. .127
US 3s coup 110 North Carolina 4b.. 106
U S new 4s reg: 133% Northern Pac lsts.Uo
U S new 4s c0up... 133% Northern Pac Ss.. 65T4
U S old 4s reg 113% Northern Pac 45..103 1 ,;
U S old 4« coup 113% N V C & St L 45. .104
U S 5s reg 112% Nor & W cons 45.. 91»i
U S Es coup 112% Nor & W gen 65. .129%
Dlst of Col 8-655...119 ;Or Navigation Ists.llo
Atchlson gen 4s 99% Or Navigation 4«..101%
Atchlson adjust 45.. «% ,Or Short Line C 5...128%
Can Southern 2<55..107%10r S L cons 5s 110
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 56% Reading gen 4s 84
Ches & O 6s 115% R G Western lste.. 93
C & N cans 7s 139 iStL AIM cons 65..109%
C & N 8 F Deb ss..llBVEt L & S F cen 65.120
Chicago Term 45... 93 Bt Paul consols 166
D & R G lsts 102% ft P C & Pac 15t5.,118%
D&R G 4s 97 Bt PC & Pac 65. .118%
E T Va & Ga 15t5. .101% Southern Ry 65. ...106%
Erie general 4s 65% standard R & T 6s. 81
Ft W & D C lsts.. 71% Term new sett 35.. 94
Gen Electric 6s 117 Ifexas & Pac 15t5. .111%
O H b. S A 65. ...108 Tex & Pac 2ds 64
GH& S A 2ds 105 Union Paciflc 45... 102%
H & T Central 55. .110 Wabash lsts 113
H& T C cons 6s.HO (Vabash 2ds 100
lowa Central lsts.. llo West Shore 4b 11%
KCP & G lsts 67 Wls Central lsts... £9
La new cons 4b 106 Va Centuries (4
LAN unified 45.. 97 Va Deferred 6
M K& T 2ds 68 Col Sou 4s 84%
M X & T4s f» Sou Pac 4s 81%
N V Central 15t«..109
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23 Ontario 7 25
Crown Point 07 Ophlr 64
Con Cal &. Va 1 35: Plymouth OS
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould & Curry 20 Do prefd 800
Hale &. Norcross... SolSlerra Nevada 41
Homeetake 60 00 Standard ¦„ } 60
Iron Sliver £0 Union Con 22
Mexican 27jYelIow Jacket. 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— JWest End 92
Call loans 5®6 West End prefd. ..ll2
Time loans 5®6 Westghse Elec 40
Stocks— Wls Central 17%
A T & S F m» Dom Coal 44
A T & S F prefd.. 69T4 Dom Coal 115
American 5ugar.. .117% Bonds —
Am Surar prefd. ..lll% Atchison 4s 98
Bell Telephone 232 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 24l Adventure 6
Boston Elevated... 05% Alloue* Mln Co S
Uorton & Mains. ..2"l Atlantic 25
Chco. Bur & Q....121 Boston & M0nt.. ..270
Fitchburg prefd.. ..120 Butte & Boston -45
General Rlectric...l22%lcalumet & Hec1a.,745
Gen Electric prefd.l37 iPentennlal 172
Federal Steel 50% Franklin 14
Fed Steel prefd.... 73 iDsceola : 70
Mexican Central... 10% Parrot 40%
Mich Telephone,. ..loo Quincy 145
Old Colony 202 Kanta Fe Copper... 6%
Old Dominion 20 iTamarack 186
Rubber 112%!Winona 4%
Lnlon Paciflc .... 4e%|Wolvortnes 40
Union Land Z jutah 28%
New York Money Market.
I NEW YORK, Jan. U.— Money on call, steady
CHICAGO. Jan. 12.— The provision market
was strong all day. Receipts at the yard were
under the estimate and prices up. At ad
vanced figures the demand was excellent from
all sources. At no time was there any pressure
to sell. Offerings were nearly all from profit
takers. May pork closed 10c over yesterday.
May lard 2%®5c up and May ribs 5c improved
over yesterday's final price.
. .The liberal Argentine shipments . and crop
conditions In that country were the main fac
tors In depressing wheat, that market barely
holding Its own. though It had strong corn and
provisions markets for near neighbors. The
decline at Liverpool In the face of the advance
here yesterday was a disappointment to . the
bulls and- encouraged selling. At one time a
little buying by shorts was caused by storlaa
Bradstreet' s on Trade.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— Bradstreet' s to-mor
row will ray: Quietness as to demand, but
marked steadiness as to prices, is still the
leading feature In trade lines, a condition, it
might be remarked, not uncommon •at this
stage of the year, which is a sort of middle
ground between stock- taking and Inventory
time and the actual opening of the spring sea
son.
Aggressive strength in . prices is confined to
a few staples, such as pork products, which are
firmly held on a rather tardy recognition of
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— The opening sales of
sugar afford convincing evidence that its
friends had rallied to its support and were
prepared to contest the progress which the
b^ars have made in cutting down its price.
Very heavy blocks were thrown upon the mar
ket at the opening, but the quotation was
lifted from 113 to 114 on running eales in the
first transactions of the day. The opening
price was the lowest. After the Etock got
above last night's level the bears renewed their
effort* to depress it again, but without suc
e*»s. The resistance shown by the etock caused
uneasiness in the ranks of the unwieldy sup
port and they started to cover. They carried
the 6tock up to 118. near which it closed.
There were no further signs of the acute weak
ness which was shown yesterday by the local
traction stocks and Tobacco, which was eaid
to be due to the closing out of an embarrassed
account. Those stocks were under pressure
during the morning, but they responded to
the recovery in Sugar and late general strength
in the market and rose vigorously above last
night's level. The pressure on Sugar played
no small part in the general strength of the
market. Railroads advanced at the opening
in sympathy with strength abroad, but they
were nut embarrassed by demoralization in
»;.••¦•¦.:. '.: k-8 and so grained strength as the day
prosreits^d. All the principal stocks rose from
1 to 2 points over last nlght'c level and closed
•trong at the top. Some very heavy blocks
of Baltimore and Ohio were taken on in the
late dealings by the circulating of rumors of
«.j)proaclilng dividend declarations. The mar
ket broadened out notably In the late dealings
on the improvement sentiment in foreign finan
cial fird'-s, and in expectation of a strong
barJc statement. The Bank of Germany fol
lowed the other European government banks
to-day by reducing its minimum discount rste
from 7 to 6 per cent and the rapid downward
course of private discount rates in London
pave confidence in etlll further reductions in
the bank rates. London also took a sanguine
view of the advantages of General Butter's
new position on the Tugela River. The buying
lor London account was euflicient to cause a
eharp brealc in sterling exchange rates all
around. Money was in abundant rupply and
rates for time loans shaded to 6 per cent on
railroad collateral. Call loans fell to 3 per
cent. Sub-treasury operations had yielded to
the banks $3,443,000 up to Thursday night. The
net gain of the banks on the regular export
movement with the Interior is ostlinated at
about tbe came amount. This dors not take
account of receipts by reirlstered mall, which
are reported to have been on a large scale.
From these amounts must be deducted last
Saturday"* gold exports as well as $1,000,000
in sold, which went to South America to-day.
The net gain on banks on all accounts is
floured at about $4,000,000.
The bond market continued dull, but was
• iron*. Total sales, par value, $2,195,000.
Untied States Ss (registered) declined %, but
the 6s advanced % in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Bold. Bid.
1.400 Atchison I 1."*I 1 ."*
13,535 Atchic-n prefd 69T4
27.451 Baltimore & Ohio 69%
100 Canadian Paciflc »1%
Canada Southern 48%
4,600 Chesapeake & Ohio 29%
1410 Chicago Great Western ~ 12
17 SS3 Oilcago. Burlinrton & Quincy 120"54
Chicago. Ind & Louisville 14
„ Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 47
Chicago & Eastern Illinois E5
100 Chicago & Northwestern 160
v <«3 Chicago. Rock I*!and & Paciflc 105%
3.CC& C C C & St Louis 6Ui
A'.fi Colorado Southern 1%
1*93 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 41
J6O Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14%
r*laware & Hudson IW5*
200 Delaware, Lack & Western 174
There was an active business In securities
on the Bond Exchange in the morning and the
tone continued firm as a ru'- Paauhau was
firmer it $23 50, Kllauea a: (23, Hutchlsson at
$27 50027 25, and Spring Valley Water at $94 60
®»5. Giant Powder sold at $95 50®95. ¦
In the afternoon Gas & Electric was lower
at $51 50@51 75 and Spring Valley Water higher
at $53®95 25. Contra Costa Water sold up to
$74 50 and Oceanic to $32 75.
Trading In oil stocks was rather rood than
otherwise. The St. Lawrence Oil Company
levied an assessment of $1.
The Overman Mining Company haa levied an
assessment of 5 cents per share.
The Germanla Trust Company Is now pay-
Ing its semi-annual dividends on deposits at
the rate of 4 per cent per annum on term
deposits and 3% per cent per annum on ordi
nary deposits.
The Spring Valley Water shareholders have
chosen directors for the ensuing year as fol
lows: Charle3 Webb Howard. A. H. Payson,
S. C. Blgelow. Thomas Brown. C. de Gulgne.
H. S. King and F. J. Symmes. The directors
elected the following officers: President.
Charles Webb Howard: vice president. Captain
A. H. Payson: secretary, Pelharn W. Ames;
assistant secretary. F. P. Howard; treasurer.
Bank of California. The company has pat<l
monthly dividends of 42 cents per share, or at
the rate of 5 per cent per annum, since Feb
ruary 1. 1539. and previously £0 cents per share
per year.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 23 cents per share on the 13th.
The Paciflc and Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph companies will pay the usual monthly
dividends on the 15th.
The California Powder Company will pay a
dividend of $1 per share this month.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany will pay a quarterly dividend of $1 50 per
share on the 13th.
The Paciflc Surety Company has declared a
quarterly dividend of 1% per cent on a capital
of $230,000, payable immediately.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Jan. 13—2 p. m.
Bld-Ask. Bid.Aj.lt
U 8 Bonds— Cent LAP. _ 5
4s quar coup.. — — Eqult G L Co. 4% 5
43 quar reg... — 114% Mutuel L Co. 13%4 15
4s quar new... — — Oa L & H.... 43 «
Is quar c0up... 109% — Pac Gas Imp.. 43 44
Miscellaneous— Pa^ Light Co 40 —
Cal-st Cab 5... 115% - 3FO & E «% _
S.* C r Y a i .Ba". Ba ", 1 ? n G 107 San Francisco. s£ 4
FVcfRV^ ~ & T.^n?Z~ U -
L rf «"¦ ~ ~ Ca! SD & T.. 95 9S
LA& P R ss.loi!i - Merchant Ex-
Ma-ket-xt «*_¦ .1; :^ ~. Nev Nat 8k... _ t55
w£ O vK\ I S 116i * U7^i Savings Banks-
NCN C R N of°CaUV.m - |8SL»«£» ~
SfSS-S %£&%££ Li- & ~ -
OGLAHSI.IOS 11D I Union T Co! Z Z
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
Dullness characterized the stock market in
the early days of the week. There was a mani
fest lack of buying power, and commission
houses are relatively idle, the general tone of
the market being Indifferent and somewhat re
eembling what might be looked for in midsum
mer.
Prices, however, held well for a time, al
though the operations of the room traders wern
confined to a few specialties and revolved
largely around the question of dividends to be
declared last Tuesday on Louisville and Nash
ville and Federal Steel, though the market took
a favorable view of the, trunk line deals and
the acquisition of the Big Four and Lake Erie
and Western by the Vanderbllts. The relief of
the money market from the strain of prepara
tions for the January disbursements and the
large amount of money unlocked at that time,
of which a considerable portion is presumably
coming back into Wall street for investment,
neem to have failed to produce the expected ef
fect upon quotations. Money on call ruled easy,
a 6 per cent rate being generally quoted, while
bankers' balances declined on Friday to as low
as 3%®4 per cent. Time money is, however,
firmly held at 6 per cent, though some lenders
Fhow a disposition to relax their attitude to
the extent of putting out funds at the rate for
Blxty days, while borrowers are Indifferent and
inclined to wait for easier rates. The fall In
the fort-Ign money market, discount in London
being down to 4 per cent, and the reduction of
the Bank of England and Bank of France min
imum figures to 5 and 4 per cent, respectively,
had a good effect, excepting in New York,
showing a tendency to decline, which negatived
the earlier assumption that some further
amounts of gold would be shipped.
Bradstreet 's Financial Review.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars — 48%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Seafarer takes for Hull 6291
ctls, valued at $6084.
Both spot and future prices were lower.
Liverpool was Hd higher and Paris higher.
Chicago was weak, owing to large
shipments of 1,230,000 bushels.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96«i®97%c; milling, $1
@1 01H.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 6ooo ctls,
$103; 4000, $102%: 14.000. $102%; 2000, $102%.
December— 2ooo, $107; 2000, $106%; 2000, $1 06»i;
EOCO, $1 06%.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— l6,ooo ctls,
$101%; 2000, $lCl?i.;,£000. $102; 10,000, $101%.
Afternoon Sessions-May— 2000 ctls, $101%; 18,
000, $101%; 10,000, $101%; 4000, $101%. December
—2000, $1 05%.
BARLEY— The Metropolis takes for Cork
59.508 ctls, valued at $54,000; Seafarer, for Hull,
68.768 ctls, at $79,053.
The market remains dull at previous quota
tions.
Feed. 72%@75c for No. 1 and 60©700 for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 80®87%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
• CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No Bales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May — 4000 ctls. 70Uc.
OATS — There is nothing new to report. White,
$110@130; Red, $1 07%®l 20; Gray. $107%®
1 17%: Black, 97%c@$l 07%.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 95c®*
$1 02% per rtl and Eastern Yellow at $1 05®
1 10; mixed. 97%c®$l 02%.
RYE— U@l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers* extras. $3 40® 3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 60 per bbl for extra,
$3 25®3 40 for bakers' and $2 25®3 for superfine.
MILLS'jI UFFS— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50; Rice Flour. $?; Cornmeal. $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $4<j?4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
$4 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6®7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7: Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per
100 lbs. 3jsnflsaft| . .-•
Hay and_Feedstufis. •
Boiled Barley has a wide ranee* In syiaaa.Uur
THE STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
January 11, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
wee* last year; Percentage.
Cities— Amount Inc. Dec.
New York $1,179,877,919 .... 7.8
Boston ? U3.855.037 .... 4.0
Chicago r. 145,053,808 7.4
Philadelphia 90,045.791 ....
St. Louis 34.963.755 4.8
Pittsburg 25.031.232 23.3 ....
Baltimore 21.C30.019 .... «.O
San Francisco 18.611,000 13.1
Cincinnati 17,471.6:.0 2.3
Kansas City 13.341,499 16.6 ....
New Orleans 11,233.302 .... 10.4
Minneapolis 10.643,391 6.8
Detroit 8.527.573 2.7
Cleveland 11.707.567 18.5
Louisville » 9.534.396 11.4 ....
Providence 7,007,000 .... 2.9
Milwaukee 6.147.59S 1.9
St Paul 6,157.409 26.2
Buffalo 6,840,113 21.4 ....
Omaha 6.395.000 .... 14.3
Indianapolis 7.036.899 .... 6.5
Columbus. 0 6,414.900 .... 7.3
Denver 6.314,935 45.4
Hartford 3.659.603 10.3 ....
Richmond 3.730,437 .... 12.9
Memphis 3.772.4C2 32.2
Washington 5.110.212 19.6
Peoria 2.253.962 20.0
Rochester 1.198,092 . 3.0 ....
New Haven 1,602,241 .... 21.4
Worcester 1,410,614 .... 18.2
Atlanta 2.136.507 15.7 ....
Salt Lake City 2,106.017 .... 12.8
Springfield. Mass... 1,561.673 .... ».<
Fort Worth 2.691.050 28.3
Portland. Me 1,417,059 .... 22.0
Portland, Or 2.0C6.443 24.0
St. Joseph 4.1C3.223 65.0
Los Angeles 2.468.M6 49.0 ....
Norfolk 1,616.193 .... 17.7
Syracuse 1.551.090 .... 4.9
Dcs Molnes 1,682,700 11.1
Nashville 1.752.200 10.0 ....
Wilmington. Del... 891,022 .... 10.4
Fall River 958.467 .... 10.0
Screnton 1.212.223 16.7
Grand Rapids 1.650.7C3 44.7
Augusta, Ga 1,155,57S 52.6
Lowell Ci,6.632 21.3
Dayton, 0 1,234. 353 35.0
Seattle 1.958.313 65.0
Tacoma 923,558 27.1 ....
Spokan- 1.308,482 15.0
Sioux City 1,145.393 19.0
New Bedford 442,875 .... 84.9
Knoxville, Term.... 6-19,710 16.5
Topeka 695,687 31.3
Birmingham 552.071 77.4
Wichita 423.952
Binghamton 544,000 17.7
Lexington. Ky 436.090 .... 15.9
Jacksonville, Fla... 2?4,721 7.6
Kalamazoo 623.363 27.8 ....
Akron 447.770 13.7
Chattanooga 441.573 23.6 ....
Rockford. 11l 303,367 13.0
Canton. 0 848,000 48.7 ....
Springfield, 0 293.9C7 1.7
Fargo. N. D 558.718 207 2
Sioux Falls, S. D... 177.9D1 EO.O
Hastings, Neb 157.676 66.9
Fremont. .Neb 134.550 .... 2.8
Davenport 1.C47.P48 77.1 ....
Toledo 2.283.222 28.8
Galveston 7.604.000 .... 3.0
Houston 8.000,911 11.7
Savannah 4,148.074 47.3
Evansvllle 921.878
Youngßtown 366,043 22.4
Macon 816.000 39.7
Springfield. HI 634,299 15.8
Helena 641.425 .... 25.5
Saglnaw 367,707 .... ....
Little Rock 563,568 38.1
Totals, U. S $1,863,300,838 ~ 8.5
Totals outside of
New York 689.422.917 4.7
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Vancouver $754.359 23.7 ....
Montreal 6,774.555 94.0 ....
Toronto 11,374,382 3.9 ....
Winnipeg 2.685,ri00 37.2 ....
Halifax 1,fc60.5."2 8.2 ....
Hamilton 935.300 19.4
St. John, N. B 674,162 15.0
Victoria, B. C 764,551 12.6 ....
Totals $35,773,661 9.8
Dun's Review of Trade.
Charters.
The Oceania. Vence loads redwood at Eureka
for Shanghai.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port
In IS3S were aB follows, compared with IS9S:
Of wine. IS.CSf'.DCO pallons. against 15.498,000;
of brandy. 425.770, against 453.400.
Quicksilver Trade.
Receipts of quicksilver at this port in 1899
were 14.CC1 flasks, tgalnrt 23.1i0 in IS9B. The
exports by e»-a were 10.C75 flasks, valued at
ftCl.ono, a£&lust CISS flasks valued at $227,430
In IS9S.
Exports of Specie.
Expert* of epecJe from this port in IS9J were
JT0.C14.957, against $55.541.S > J0 during IS3S. the
principal shipments being as follows: Silver
bullion. J3.953.7M; Mexican dollars. $3,661,000;
silver coin. I3i£.O00; gold coin, $tf.l»7.:00; cur
rency, JiM.lSn. The leading destinations were
as jollows: China. $7,753,963; Honolulu. $2,914,
fcS2; New York, $10,1T9.000.
Weather Report.
<l»th Merffilaa— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 12, 190(V— 5 p. ra
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiate, as compared with thosse of the same date
lart season, end rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0-40 30.72 16.20
Hed Bluff COO 14.66 11.10
Cacramento 0.00 13.11 6.T5
Fan Francisco 0.00 14.38 6.95
Fresno 0.00 6.10 3.70
Independence COO 2.08 1.15
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 12.41 6.79
Lob Angeles 0.00 4.57 2.»4
Fan Diego 0.00 2.60 8.4$
yuma 000 0.66 183
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
H. minimum, 46: mean. SO.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AKD GENERAL
FU RECAST
The storm over Washington has moved tstead
lly eastward, and now overlies the Upper Mis
souri Valley. During the past twenty-four hours
there has been a fall of more than two-tenths
of an Inch in pressure over Northern Washing
ton, Northern Idaho and Mor.tana.
Raln has fallen on the Paciflc Coast from
Cure Mendocino northward. At Astoria two
Inches of rain has fallen In the past twelve
hours.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Spittle. 26 miles per hour from the
•ouih; Portland, 36 from the south; Spokane,
2? southwest.
Tule fog prevails In the valleys, with temper
atures about 4 degrees below the normal.
Forecast made et San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 13, 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday, with
rain along the coast and In extreme northern
portion: light northerly, changing to southeast
erly, winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday, with
northerly winds In the interior; westerly winds
on the coast.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday, with rain In north
ern portion.
Utah — Cloufly Saturday, with rain In northern
portion.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday,
Tk-iih conditions favorable for rain; fresh south
vf-M.-r ;. winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
coals, as the retail yards are all empty, as
well as the Jobbers'. Our only hope of relief
will be calling of Bteam colliers Into the ser
vice, as the only method of getting some ex
peditious transportation to our market. N«
calculations can be made on sailers, as they
have too many profitable offerings to go to
foreign ports with lumber and coal, and to tn»
salmon canneries with supplies. The coal pro
duction of the United States last year was
over 230.C00,CCa tons, the first year In our his
tory that our output exceeded that of Great
Britain. Savants say we have sixty years
supply In sight— quien sabe?"
RlCE— Continues firm. China mixed. $3 So®4;
China No. 1. $4 25@4 73; extra do. $4 90®3 10;
Hawaiian. $4 50®3; Japan. $4 Cs®3; Louisiana,
$5®7.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnin« Com
pany quotes terms net cash. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5Hc; Pow
dered. S\c ¦ Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Gran
ulated 4 T 4c; Confectioners' A, 4 T ic: California
A. : Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C, 4%c; Gold«n
C 4%c; barrels. l-16c more: half-barrels, \io
more; boxes. %c more: 60-lb bags. He more.
No orders taken for leas than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels. 6%c; boxes.
5T4c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JA2TUART 13.
Flour, qr sks l.S2S|Straw. tors 83
Wheat, ctls 56.040 Pelts, bndls 830
Barley, ctls Lo4o|Hides. No 823
Oats, ctls 510: Brandy, gals .... 3.000
Butter ctls 213|Wlne, gals : 47.800
Cheese, ctls .... 124; Sugar, sks 213
Tallow, ctls 421 i Chicory, bbls 5
Reans sks 257 Quicksilver, flsks 90
Potatoes, sks .... 3, 501 Leather, rolls ... 1
Onions Bks US Lime, bbls •!
Hay. tons 512 Eras, do* 4.T70
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4.045; Flaxseed. >lv ..*» 454
Wheat, ctls 2,5201
AUSTRALIA. j
Wool, bales 1231
Silver continues to decline. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat lower. Other cereals unchanged.
Beans continue to tend upward under a good demand.
No further change in Hay and Feedstuffs.
Vegetables firmer. Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Eggs continue to decline rapidly.
Butter and Clieese as previously quoted.
Dressed Turkeys in heavy supply atui lower.
Game steady at previous prices.
Stocks of Oranges getting small. Lemons and Lipies plentiful.
Provisions active and firm, with an advance in Lard.
Hides, Wool and Hops quiet and unchanged.
Spring Lamb advanced. Other tmats unchanged.
Domestic Coals in very light supply and firm.
Rice firm in all positions.
Securities fairly active.
Increased movement in Quicksilver in iBpp.
Decreased exports of specie from this port last year.
at 384% per cent; last loan, 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 6%®6 per cent. Sterling ex
change, weak, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 S6%@s4 S7 for demand and at
$4 S3®4 83U for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84
64 54% and $4 57%®4 88. Commercial bills,
$4 82%®4 83. Silver certificates, 58%®59%c. Bar
silver. 58% c. Mexican dollars, 47% c. Bonds-
Government, Irregular; State, inactive; rail
road, strong-.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash ballance, $282,835,114; gold reserve,
$231,088,663. .
London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The ma.rk.eta here were exceedingly quiet to
day. There was no pronounced buying any
where, but a cheerful tone pervaded all quar
ters. Induced by the reduction of the German
Bank rate from 7 to 6 per cent and the official
announcement that General Buller had seized
Potgieters Drift on the Tugela. A rise In con
eols of V 4 point was sympathetic of the Gen
eral feeling.
Americans were assisted here by a rumor
that a large Dutch operator who had been
an active buyer in mines and Americans had
closed his commitments and turned bull, pre
sumably on information from Boer 6ources.
New York Bales somewhat spoiled the effect
of this, but Baltimore and Ohio securities and
Louisville and Nashville remained In demand.
The Paris market wai firm in tone. The
Bank of England bought £65,000 in German
coin and another £100,000 was "ear-marked"
for the Indian currency. The Indian council
again raised the rate on telegraph transfers,
but there is no demand yet In India for bul-
SSoney remained easy at yesterday's rates,
but bills were hard. Foreign exchange rates
were quoted as follows: Paris, 22.22; Berlin.
24.4914.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Jan. 12.— Canadian Pacific 94%;
Union Pacific preferred. 76: Northern Paciflc
preferred, 75Vi: Atchlson, 20>i; Grand Trunk,
6%: Anaconda, 8H- Bar silver, nrm at 27% d.
with the raw product. Hay Is easier, as the
recent liberal receipts weakened the market.
BRAN— II 2 50@13 60 Der ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17*820 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $14®17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26®27; Jobbing, $27 50
©28; Cocoanut Cake. $20®21: Commeal. $23®t4;
Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50; Mixed Feed. $15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, $IS per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50WS 50 for common to good
and $9®9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7®3:
Oat $6 50@8; Barley. $Z@6 50; Alfalfa, $s®B per
ton; Compressed. $7®lo per ton.
STRAW— 2S®SOc per bale.
Bcatus and Seeds.
Beans are Increasing in firmness, there being
an active demand for the East, with large
transactions reported. Prices show some further
change.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25@3 50: small White. $2 90
@3; large White. $2 60® 2 63: Pinks. $2® 2 70;
Reds, $3 25^3 50; Blackeye. $4 23® 4 50: Butters,
nominal; Lima. $4 95® 5 10; Pea, $3® 3 23; Red
Kidneys, $4@4 23.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3®3%c: Yellow Mus
tard. 4@4V4c: Flax, $2 12%; Canary. 3%c per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7®Bc;
Rape. 2V3«3c; Hemp, 4©4% c; Timothy. 4®4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50®l 90; Green, $1 .5
@2 25 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Vegetables were firmer, supplies being consid
erably reduced, though there were some poor
Peas Wt on hand. Potatoes and Onions were
about as before.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 85®95c; River Reds.
65®75c; Bui banks, 60300 c per sack; Salinas Bur
banks, $Kn 25; Oregon Burbanks, 90c@U 3d;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 60®l 65 for Merced, i
OXIOXS— $1 5C@l 63 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2®3c per lb:
String Beans, 3@sc; Cabbage, 40@50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 75c@$l 50; Egg Plant from Los
Anseles. 10Q12%c: Drie<l Okra. 12% c per lb;
Garlic. W3Wc: Green Peppers from Los Ange
les. 4@€c; Dried Peppers. 8®10c: Carrots, 301}
40c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 75c
®J1 per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10® 12 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Dressed Turkeys glutted the market and not
all of the large receipts were sold. Prices con
tinued to decline. Other Poultry showed no
change worthy of note. Game stood about the
same.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12® 14c for Gob
blers and 12314 c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
12516 c; Geese, per pair, $1 75®2; Goslings, $1 75
62; Ducks. $4Jr5 for old and J4@s for young;
Hens, $4@5: Young Roosters. $4 50@5; Old
Roosters, $4®4 50: Fryers, $4 50@5; Broilers. $4
<f?4 E0 for large and S3#3 50 fnr small: Pigeons,
$1 23-?? l 50 per dozen for old and $2 50®3 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 50; Mallard, $3 50®5 50: Can
vasback. $3 60ft5 50; Sprig, $4@4 E0: Teal, $.1
@3 50; Widgeon. $2 50@2 75; Small Duck. $1 50^
1 75; Doves, 75c per dozen; Hare; 75c® $1 25;
Rabbits. $1 60®l 75; Gray Gees*, $3 50®4: White,
$1 50® 1 73; Brant. $1 73®3; Honkers. $5; En
glish Snipe, $3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The decline In Eggs Is getting more pro
nounced. Receipts are not heavy, but buyers
are holding off and stocks are accumulating.
There is no change In Butter and Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 25@28c; seconds,
23324 c.
Dairy — Fancy 22c; rood to choice. 19®20o;
common. 13@17%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12c; old, U%e;
Young America. 12%@i3c; Eastern, loVi'&lbc;
Western. 13%@i5c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 215240 for store and 25@300
per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age, 18@22c for firsts and' 15c for seconds; fresh,
20@25c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Stocks of Oranges are steadily* growing
smaller and the market is strong. Apples are
plentiful and weak. Lemons and Limes are
In good supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUTT&—
Apples— 3s© 65c per box for common, 75c®$l
for good. $1 25@1 50 for choice.
BERRIES — Cape Cod Cranberries, $437; Coos
Bay Cranberries. $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 75®2 50
per box; Seedlings, 60c®$l; Japanese Man
darins, $1 65@1 75; Pomelos. $I@3: Lemons. $1
©1 E0 for common and $2J?3 . for eood to
choice; Mexican Limes, $4 50^-3; California
Limes, 25@30c; Bananas, $1 Wyi per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market continues very dull, and reported
strength In New York Is not reflected on this
side. .
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4%0 for
40-50' !•. 4®4V;c for 60-60's, 8%0 for 60-70's. S%O
for 70-SO's. 3c for 80-90's and 2fcc for 90-100's.
Apricots. US 13c for Royals, 12%iQ16c for Moor
parks and 12314 c for Blenheims; Peaches. 5*40
6c for Standards. 6';S6-\,c for choice and 7®Sc
for fancy; peeled Peaches, 12%@15c; Evaporated
Apples. 6%(57%c: Sun-dried. 6@5%c per lb; Nec
tarines. (siS'Jc: Pears. 6@7%c for quarters and
8® 10c for halves: Black Figs, 2%®3%c; White
Figs. 4@sc; Bleached Plums, B®9c; Unbleached
Plums, 7@7%c for pitted and l%c for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c; choice. 7%c; standard. 6%c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
CO-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5%c;
3-crown, 6V»c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. S®loc; Walnuts. B®9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshell; Almonds,
liv.®l2c for paper-shell, 9®loa for soft and 4@
6c for hard shell: Peanuts. 5%'©6% c for Eastern
and 6c for California: Brazil Nuts, 7%®Bc; Fil
berts, 12®12%c; Pecans, 11313 c; Cocoanuts.
$4 i"o®s.
HONEY— Comb, U%®l2c for bright and 10%©
lie for light amber: water white extracted. 8c:
light amber extracted. 7%®7*ic: dark. 6%®6c
P< BEESWAX— 24826 c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago reports a very strong Provision
market, with an advance expected. This mar
ket rules firm, with a further advance In Lard.
Dealers report trade much better than at this
time last year.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. S^o per lb for
heavy. 10c for light medium, lie for light.
12c for extra light and U%c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12%@13c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl:
extra Mess. $13; Family. $14: extra Prime Pork.
$14 60; extra clear. $17 50; Mess, $18 50; smoked
Beef. 14@14>4c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «"!i®7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; half- barrels, pure,
SVic: 10-lb tins. S%c: 6-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. '7*s@7fcc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers ll%c: medium, lie; light, 10% c; Cow
hides. He; Stags. 7%c; Salted Kip, 10% c; Calf.
He- Dry Hides, sound, 18@«%c; culls and
brands. 15c: Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry Calf.
20c; Sheepskins, yearlings. 20«i3Sc each; short
Wool, 35®60c each; medium, 70©90 c: long Wool,
$I@l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 25®2 75 for
larce and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 3.
4@4%c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%c . - .
WOOL —
Fall clip. San Joaquin plains. 9(3I0c: South
ern 8@10c; Middle County. 11® 13c; Humboldt
and' Mendoclno. 16@17c; Eastern Oregon. 13216 c;
Valley Oregon. lS@2oc: Northern Mountain,
free. lltSHc; Northern Mountain, defective. 10®
lie per lb
HOPS— 6@9c per lb. -..;:-,
San Francisco Meat Market.
Spring Lamb Is scarce and higher. Mutton
rules firm. There is no change In Beef and
Pork.
* BEEF— 7®7%c per lb for Steers and 6%®70 for
Cows.
VEAL— B®lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®Sc; ewes. 7®7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 15c; yearlings. B@9c per lb
PORK— Live Hcgs. 6HC for small. b%o for
medium and s>4@a%c for large; atock Hogs and
feeders. 5?4©5%c; dressed Hogs. 7®S%c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7@7Kc: Wool
Bags. 2S@3Cc.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seat
tle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend.
$8: Co-operative Wallsend. $8; Scotch,
Cumberland, $10 In DUlk and $U 50 In sacks :
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $«; Cannel $11
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 in
sacks.
Harrison's circular says:
"During the week there have been four ar
rivals of coal from Washington with 11.930 tons
three from British Columbia. 9526 tons- two
from Philadelphia, 1981 tons; me from Oregon
400 tons; one from Swansea, 2470 tons; one from
New York, 4C6 tons; total, 27.013 tons. All
the docks along the water front are engaged
by coal ships discharging, principally from
Wales: the steamers from British Columbia
and Washington deliver their cargoes into
bunkers very expeditlously. thus remalnins
here but a very few days, as time is very es
sential nowadays with coal carriers. The re
ports just at hand from Australia by steamer
Moana do not show any new names being added
tn thf lnndln? list for luwi tthir-h i. •,„„.¦!»,,-._
Continued on Page 13.
LOCAL MARKETS.
of a somewhat better cash demand and an
Improved Inquiry for export flour. But this
did not last The volume of business was small
and the session not active. . '
Corn was firm. The main consideration on
the buying side were the small country offer-
Ings and the poor weather for movement, with
the strength of provisions a contributary fac
tor. The volume of trade was not large. May
closed a shade over yesterday. '
The oats market was firm. Cash* bids were
sharp, relatively %c better than last week.
May closed unchanged from yesterday.
- The leading futures ranged as follows:
Eggs continue to cheapen, but Butter and
Cheese are unchanged.
The only thing new In Meats Is the appear*
once of Spring Lamb In the market.
Poultry has continued plentiful durlnr th»
week. Game, en the contrary, has been In fair
supply.
Fruits and Vegetables stand about as before.
Fish continue scarce.
Coal, rer ton —
Cannel $ ©13 00 Seattle » CO©
Wellington... @10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington.. ©3 53
ton @10C0,Coos Bay — — <J7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per Common Tgg» 23330
square EO'Soo Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll — ©43 dozen SS©>—
Do, good — / 348i Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal —©11l pound 12@15
Cheese, Eastern... 17SI0: Do, extracted....— <JH>
Cheese, Swiss 20 ©S3
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 12@171Pork. fresh 15920
Beef, choice 13-g2o|Pork, salt 12<315
Do, good 10<@15 Pork Chops 15@1S
Corned Beef — @10 Round Steak 10013
Ham. Cal 15^— Sirloin Steak W3—
Do Eastern. ...l7 l^'& — Porterhouse, d0...20@23
Lard 12315 Smoked Beef 12#LJ
Mutton 10*n5,Pork Sausages.. l2H'3. S )
Spring Lamb 20@25VeaJ 15©C0
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60(373 [Troves, per <Joz II 25
Young Roosters, Quail, dozen 300
each 83^73 Mallard, palr..73c©sl 23
Old roosters. ea...6o<!j<v Canvasback, per
Fryers, each 50®'M pair .3c®ll 25
Broilers, each 40<ff".n Sprig, per pair 65®&5
rurkeys, per 1b — lo^COlTeal. per pair 60*375
Ducks, each «o<t|~j Widgeon, nalr 50©*)
Geese, each $1 23'S'l SO^Small Duels, pair.. 40<goO
Pigeons, pair 40350 Wild Geese. palr.73c<Bsl
Rabbits, pair 40'SiO Enpllsh Snipe, dox.S3 50
Hare, each — <320 ; Jack Snipe $1 75® 2
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 13*SC0' Lemons, dozen.... IO^CO
Apples 4@ SiLlmts, per dozen.. lO®ls
Bananas, dozen... 10f?131 Pears, per lb 6® 8
Cranberries, qt — *jno> Raisins, per 1b. ... 5(310
Oranges, dozen 15 £ Cj- Walnuts, per 1b...—^{15
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz...so®73[Okra. dry. per lb.— ©23
Beets, dozen 12515 Peppers, green, lb 8210
Beans, white, lb.. s(g— Potatoes, per lb.. S# 3
Colored, lb 49 s,Sireet Potatoes 8@ 4
, Lima, lb — 0 SlParsnlps, per doa.loti— -
Cabbage, each 6??loj ßadishes, d« bchs. 10313
Cauliflowers, each 6"<?lo'Sage. doz bnch5.. 25033
Celery, bunch..... s®— I String Beans, lb.. 8910
Cress, doz bncha.. 2o*33s 'Summer Squash.
Egg Plant, lb 2C<ff— I per lb B®l9
Green Peas, lb 53 8 Thyme, per lb Zo'§ 1301 30
Lentils, per lb 6<3 8 Turnips, per do*.. 19015
Lettuce, per doz..ls@— Tomatoes, per lb.. 8313
Onions, per 1b.... 2@ 3,
Fish-
Barracuda ........ — & — [Shrimps ._. _ — -<a:o
Carp, 12@«iShad — <#is
Codfish — '-iis Sea Bass — @—
Flounders 12??— Smelts 15*iJ2O
Halibut 20®— Soles 12315
Herring — «Sl2 Skates, each i 0515
Klngflsh — ®15 Clama. gallon 60^—
Mackerel — O— Do hardshell.loo 40550
Do. Horse — S?— Crabs, each 10@l5
Percn ~@~ Do "oftahell. da,25§33
Pompano - — @— Mussels, quart. ...10<313
Rockflsh 15@— Oysters. Cal. 100.. .40^50
Salmon, fresh 20(^25 Do Eastern. d». 25g40
Do, smoked — <g2O #
Family Retail Market.
Boston Wool Market.
Bank Clearings.
Foreign Futures.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles — . Open. ; High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 64% 64% 64 64
May 67% 67% 67% 67%
July 65% 68% CS>i CS'i
Corn No. 2—
January 30% 20% 30% 30%
May 33%,* 33% 33% 33%
July 34 34% 33% 34%
Oats No. 2—
January 22%
May 24 24ft 24 24
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January .... 4 10 72%
May 1100 1112% 1100 11 02ft
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 595 695 *«2% 5 92%
May « 07%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January .... . .... 5 75
May 585 690 6 82% 685
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 62%®64%c: No. 2
red. 67®67%c: No. 2 corn, 31% c; No. 2 oats,
23c; No. 2 white, 25%®26%c; No. 3 white, S4%®
25% c; No. 2 rye. 53c;-No. 2 barley, 38®45c: No.
1 flaxseed, $1 60; prime timothy seed, $2 35:
meBS pork per barrel. $9 40@10 75; lard, per 100
pounds, $j 7»2f5 97%; Bhort ribs sides (loose),
$5 65®5 95; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5 :s>W
6 75; short clear sides (boxed), $5 85@5 90;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 23%.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,000 31.000
Wheat, bushels 68,000 68,000
Corn, bushels 394,000 155.000
Oats, bushels 314,000 199.000
Rye, bushels 9.000 2,000
Barley, bushels 78.000 4,000
On tbe Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery, 22@2Sc; dairy, 17®
25c. Cheese, firm, 12*312% c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
17c.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
fe* AUCTION SALE fe»
OF
WELL BROKEN HIGH CLAS3 ROADSTERS
AND TROTTERS. „.„,,„
(Sired by SILVER BOW (2:16) EASTER
WILKES < 11. 703) and Other Well
A Good Chance to^GeW Green Trotter for the
Season of 1900. „__'. _.-!¦
The Property of GEO. FOX ESQ.. CLEMEN T^.
Also 23 bead of BUSINESS AND DRAFT
HORSES, weighing from 11C0 to ISOO. «•»-
matched pairs of blacks, bays, browns, dapple
grays and grays.
TUESDAY.. — ?°.* ?." JAWART tf. 10CO
At 11 A. M.. at
SALES YARD. COR. VAN NESS AYE. 2io
MARKET STREET (1732 Market Street).
Catalogues now ready. Horses at yard.
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
Successors to Kllllp & <-<>•.
Livestock Auctioneers).
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
the fact that supplier both of live bogs and
dead meats are far from burdensome. Tallow,
cottonseed oil and similar products are sym
pathetically strong. Raw and refined sugars
have both been avanced this week, not ap
parently because of the war between the re
finers being settled, but really because sup
plies of raw are limited. Quite a flurry in
coffee occurred as a result of reports of an
outbreak of the plague In Rio de Janeiro. The
bearish pressure in cotton has not been re
laxed this week, but the disproportion between
the decline in spots and options would seem
to point to the bear campaign having been
less profitable than hoi>ed lor.
What few lines of next season's woolen goods
have been reported are at advances ranging
from 25 to 35 per cent, and much interest at
taches to the reception that will be given these
Increased quotations. Pending the settlement
of this, raw wool In dull but firm, and specu
lation is naturally light.
• Iron and steel are extremely quiet, but signs
of weakness are not numerous, the shading in
pigiron being confined to a few grades and
markets. Production in December was below
expectations, being affected by holiday shut
downs, but there Is little doubt that the aggre
gate production for 1899 will not be much be
low 13,700,000 tons, a production surpassing all
previous records, and having a counterpart in
the unexarooled output of coke also reported
for last year. Stocks of ore on Lake Erie are
reported little In excess of a year ago, notwith
standing the greatest production on record.
The quiet in pigiron extends practically to all
the finished branches of the trade, and hard
ware Is also quiet but none the less firm, as
evidenced by the reports of further advances
by Western Jobbers. Tin Is epeculatlyely
higher this week, but copper has sagged off.
The limited demand for lumber Is naturally
light, but the length of supplies Is notable.
as evidenced by the fact that white pine
stocks are 22 per cent smaller than a year ago.
The mild weather and lack of snow In the
Northwest If long continued Is thought likely
to effect the cut this winter. The large yellow
pins order for 10,000.000 feet for the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition at Buffalo, erroneously printed
10.000.000,000 feet last week, is still unplaced.
Cereals have been almost hopelessly dull this
week on the "hand to mouth" demand. Stocks
are- large and crop reports are In the main fa
vorable, but short sellers are nervous In view
of the possible foreign complications. Price
changes, not only in wheat but In corn and
other trains, are the smallest noted for many
weeks past. Hides are dull at the East, but
considerable buying Is reported West and quo
tations are fairly firm.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,248,926 bushels, against 2.609.
682 bushels last week. 6.647,081 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1899. 6.234,617 bushels in
IS9B, 3,948.154 bushels In 1597 and 3.202,124 bush
els In 189«.
Since Jnly 1 this season the exports of wheat
aggregate 110.742.805 bushels, against 134.036.048
bushels last year and 137.842.910 bushels In
1597-98.
The current week's failure returns reflect the
annual clearing out of delinquent traders In a
total for the week of 205, as compared with
229 last week, 304 In this week a year ago,
322 in IS9B, 478 in 1897 and 412 In IS9«.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 9% 6 9>,J
Closing i>9 6 9
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 17 90 18 70
Closing 18 00 18 90
Flour-
Opening 23 95 24 85
Closing 24 10 24 83
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— R. G. Dun & Co. 'a
Weekly Review of Trade will say In to-mor
row's Issue:
The business of the new year begins well,
though there Is still much of the usual hesita
tion. I In branches where last year's business
was extraordinary and prices have risen great
ly some pause Is natural, though nothing In
dicates decrease of consuming disposition or
purchasing power, but there Is a continuing
rise In wages to promote Increase. Monetary
conditions have grown easier with the return
of $4,000,000 from the interior during the week
and further deposits by the treasury and more
liquidation In some speculative stocks has also
helped. Banks report an Increase In their per
cent of commercial loans and rates were gen
erally more easy after the decline announced
by European banks.
The furnaces In blast January 1 were pro
ducing weekly 294,186 tons of pig Iron, against
296,959 December 1, but as several had stopped
only for the holidays and others had started
the optput now is probably larger than at
either date. It exceeds consumption at least,
as the Iron Age shows an Increase of 9256 tons
in unsold stocks, but the manufactures ap
parently consumed during the year 13,131.626
tons, less small net exports In December. The
increase since 1892 Is about 4,225,000 tons, or
46.5 per cent. Prices change scarcely any, nor
Is new business significant. The minor metals
are strong in tone, but as yet without much
change In prices.
Textile manufacturers are more fully em
ployed than for a long time, though scarcity
of water has troubled some cotton mills. Trad-
Ing Is embarrassed by uncertainty about prices.
Wool la not active, nor are speculators or
manufacturers In haste to buy at present
prices, though the goods market shows some
advances for the next season with excellent
trade thus far. The effect upon the season's
sales cannot yet be Judged. Cotton goods have
been quiet and no longer advance In prices as
the market for the material Is uncertain In
tone. The boot and shoe manufacturers have
a similar difficulty, for while shipments are
heavier, than ever before at this season. In
two weeks 173.376 cases, against 148,174 last
year, and 171,751 In 1898, as the rapid dis
tribution to consumers causes most urgent calls
for goods previously ordered, yet dealers are
slow to order more In the fear that prlce»
will not hold. Manufacturers Insist that still
further advances are needed to cover the cost
of leather. The Chicago market for hides Is
weaker, with a lower average than at any
time since November 1. m
Cotton moves so slowly that belief in a very
Bhort crop Is' constantly strengthened, but for
eign demands are much reduced also. On
January 6 only 6,000.031 bale* had come Into
sight against 8.001.916 last year, but exports
had decreased 1,725,000 balea and European
stocks were far below last year. For the pres
ent foreigners are using up old stocks Instead
of buying more and the prlco hesitates.
Wheat has been slow to move also, Atlantic
exports In two weeks having been only 4.376,
614 bushels, flour included, against 9.45J.106 last
year and Pacific Coast exports 1.312,993, against
1.524.'051 last year. The prices close a fraction
1 Failures for the week have been 274 in the
United States, against 31S last year, and 25
In Canada, against 24 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
BOSTON, Jan. 12.— The Commercial Bulletin
to-morrow will say of the wool market: The
market 1* flat and uninteresting. Not a sale
of washed Ohio wool or Australian has been
made this week. Cablegrams from Melbourne
note- a slight decline In cross-bred wools there.
The goods trade Is booming. Some overcoating
mills are Bold to September. Utah correspond
ents of Boston wool houses say that they have
received personal assurances from William
Jennings Bryan that If elected President he
will retain a protective duty on wool, having
changed his mind on free wool.
The sales for the week were 2,117,000 pounds
domestic and 130,000 foreign, a total of 2,247.000
for this week, against a total of 2,472.000 last
week and a total of 3,770,000 for the correspond
ing week last year. The receipts to date show
an increase of 6395 pounds domestic and a de
crease of 2417 foreign ajralnst last year.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 12.— CATTLE— Good to choice
native 6teers.- strong to higher; Inferior to
medium, dull; Texans, active, steady: butch
ers, stock and canners, steady; feeders, firm.
Good to choice. $5 40®6 40; poor to medium,
$4@5; mixed stockers, $3 25®3 &5; selected feed
ers, $4 25©5; good to choice cows, $3 60*j?4 95:
heifers. $3 90®4; canners. $2 25*33; bulls, $2 &Kit
4 60: calves, $4 5007 50; Fed Texas beeves, $4 25
®GJS.
HOGS— Active, stronger, mostly 10c higher:
good clearance. Mixed and butchers, $4 45®
6 70; good to choice heavy, $4 6004 7a: rough
heavy. $4 45<f?4 53; llsht. $4 40g4 65; bulk of
sales. $4 60®4 C7U.
SHEEP— <lood sheep steady: others slow.
Lamb 3 weak to 10c lower. Native wethers,
$1 4004 90; lambs, $4 60®6 25; Western wethers,
$4 30(34 75; Western lambs, $5 40®6 05.
Receipts— Cattle, S00O; hoss. . 25,000; sheep.
8000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Jan. 12.— Clearings, $235,889; bal
ances, $24,475.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 12. — The movement of
wheat Is very light and dealers who are not
In need of It are not paying anything above
export values. Walla Walla Is quoted at 62@
63c for No. 1 and as high as 54c has been paid
for heavy stocks. Valley Is nominally 62c for
No. 1, with bluestem easy at C4c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 12.— WHEAT— Club, 61e; blue
stem. 63c
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 12.— Consols, 99%; silver, 27d;
French rentes, IOOf 7%c. Wheat cargoes off
coast, quiet and steady: cargoes on passage,
nominal and unchanged; No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia. 30s 3d; Encllsh country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 12.— Wheat dull; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather In
England, cloudy. •
COTTON— Uplands. 4%d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed (new), steady,
8s 5%d: old. steady. 3s 6d. Futures— January
quiet, 3s 6%d; February steady, 3s 5%d; March,
steady, 3s 6%d.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 northern Eprtng, dull
at Cs. Wheat futures closed quiet; March and
May, 6s 9d.
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
11.642 bbls; exports. 4585 bbls. Market Blow of
sales, but steady at old Dricee.
WHEAT— Receipts, 13.600 bushels; exports.
161.1€2 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red. 75'Ao
fob afloat prompt; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
78% c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth,
80% c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 2 red, 73c ele
vator. Options opened weak at %o decline, ow
ing to heavy Argentine shipments and disap
pointing Liverpool cables. Later they rallied
on improved cash demand and sympathy with
Corn and Provisions, closing about steady at
unchanged prices to %c net decline. March,
7r,*g75%c, closed 75% c; May 73%@74c, closed
73v»c: July, 73%@73%c. closed 73% c.
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER- Steady.
•WOOL— Dull." ' V
COFFEE— Options fell at the close, tinder
heavy realizing, and was finally barely steady.
5 to 15 points net lower. Total sales, 70,500 bass.
Inludlng: March, $6 85@7; May, $7@7 20; June,
$7 o*.fe7 30- July, $7 15@7 35; August, $7 10; Sep
ten.ber $7 15@7 35; October, $7 25@7 40; Novem
ber, $7 23; December, ?7 30@7 60. Spot— Rio, Ir
regular.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9884 packages; market
unsettled. June creamery, 23@27c; Western
creamery, 244?25c; factory, 17®22c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5289 packages; market barely
steady; Western, 20c. loss off; Western un
graded at mark. 14®18c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— A fair Jobbing busi
ness was reported for all grades of evaporated
apples, and the market was firm without Im
portant chances in prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
6@6%c; prime. 6%@7%c; chclce. 7%@Bc; fancy,
B%@9c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 4@Bc per
pound as to size and Quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 33@15c; Moorpark, lßftlSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@22c; unpeeled, 7%®10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— The feature to-day In
the metal market was the pronounced strength
in tin: Buyers were prompted to purchase free
ly by strong London cables and firm news from
primary points here. Sellers were extremely
arbitrary and held supplies considerably above
the views of most buyers. The other depart
ments were relatively featureless. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlRON— Warrants, quiet at $17 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 50.
TlN— Firm, with $27 25 bid and $27 asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 70 bid and $4 75 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for cop
per ?16 50.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $4 45 bid. and $4 65
\ asked.
10Several hundred river drivers leave
Bangor." Me., every spring for the. head-
waters of the Penobscot, Kennebeo, An-
droscoggln and . Connecticut rivers, and
there are always among them some who
never come back.
University of Wisconsin "co-ed 3" wear
short skirt* I
President Jordan in Berkeley.
BERKELEY Jan 12.-Presldent Jordan
of Stanford will deliver the morning ser
mon at the Unitarian Church next Sun
day. Last Sunday the Bpeaker at the
same place was President Benjamin' Ide
Wheeler.
Death of Dr. Hielay.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— Dr. John P.
riiolay, an r.M practitioner of this city,
difd la?t evening at his rc-.«l(>p.cc, YiVi
Clay str*-et. alter a lingering Illness', lie
was a «virow*r and leaven a- family of
several crown children. Dr. Rfelay was
a ntthra of New York and had lived la
California for more than thirty years.
Young Sends the Check.
OAKLAND. Jan. li-Mrs. R. P. Glea
*on. nrrsW-nt of the Er-ell Society, has
received a letter from Alexander Yours,
who is now in Honolulu, accompanied by
n chock fur HOW. the amount he donated
toward the frr-e library site. The Kboli
lndlf s have now collected about one-third
of the tSOOO which | S being raised for a
chJldrens room for the new library.
PROMPT COMPROMISE
CHECKED OGG'S SUIT
Hemp Will Be Plentiful Locally.
WORKING FOR THE
STATE CONVENTION
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— Frank K. Mott,
City Councilman and member of the State
Republican Central Committee, has com
menced an agitation to have the State
Republican convention held in Oakland.
He urges that this city can offer the same
advantages as Sacramento, such as cen
tral location and adequate hotel and res
taurant accommodations, and he states
that. In order to secure the convention,
this city must begin a canvass imm«dl
ately, as Sacramento is already in the
Held. .-* "
WOMAN SHEEP RANCHER
LEFT ALL TO FRIENDS
OAKLAND, Jar.. 12.-In the absence of
kin or heirs at law Margaret O'Brien, the
¦wcrnan Bhecp rancher of Livcrmore. has
left her SC») estate to hc-r friends. Her
v,-i!l was filed to-fiay for probate by Attur
£££ m . Scctt and ls «atf:d February 1.
l^vi J tl :s * he be STO*UM 800 each
to Rev. Patrick Power nf Livcrmore, Al-
Ire-d Hennessey of Stockton. Daniel J
Murphy Mary Murphy and M rs . \y in t
fred Gallagher of Llvrmore The re<«
?£££ !< r f Vl° i Ma M y AIUI K<lly of the ms£
town. John KeUy is named -as executor
end applies for letters. Ulur
The tstate Includes "JTS Fheep 570 lamh«
tour rams and i\2» cosh In bank, U«ides
Other personal property.
ROSENBERG ADMITS
HE IS AN ANARCHIST
OAKLAND. Jan. 12— T. 11. B. Rosen
brrg. auctioneer, created considerable
amusement in the Police Court yester
day while under examination concerning
his elipribillty to serve as a juror in the
Richardson gambling case. When ques
tioned by Prosecuting Attorney Leach, he
said he was In favor of gambling and
even highway robbery under existing clr
cumsta.n< es. He said he was opposed to
special laws, and that If they wished to
stop any they should stop all gambling.
Th^n. he declared, they should stop the
churches. ¦-
When asked If he were a pessimist,
Rosenberg replied that he was an anar
chist, and that he was proud of it. He
was not selected to serve as a Juror.
IGNATIAN COUNCIL.
Brilliant Social Function in Native
Sons' Hall.
Ignatlan Council No. 31, Young Men's
Inntitutc. gave its annual ball in Native
Sons' Hall, and like the social functions
given in the past by this very popular
council it was a brilliant affair. There
were in attendance in the very tastefully
decorated hall many gentlemen and ladies,
who during the evening enjoyed a well ar
ranged programme of sixteen numbers.
The grand march was led by Edward B.
Thomas, the provident, and Miss Thomas,
his elster. The committees who had
charge of the affair were: Floor commit
tee—Joseph D. Regan, director; L. J. Wat
son, assistant; J. B. Queen. J. J. O'Toole,
Dr. T. F. Barret, J. P. Chandler, Dr. J.
H. Seymour. J. K. Cosgrave, C. H. Stokes,
V. P. Sollom and E. J. Convey. Recep
tion committee— E. B. Thomas. Dr. A. P.
O'Brien, John W. McDonald Jr., Charles
B. Fenn, Frank T. Shea. Thomas W.
Butcher, T. 11. Fallon. F. 11. Jung, L. T.
Queen and John J. Barret.
IN PROMINENT PLACES
OF HONOR AND TRUST
MANY SECRET ORDERS INSTALL
NEW OFFICERS.
Names of Those Who Have Obligated
Themselves to Conduct Business
During This Term.
STERLING STUCK
IN AN OIL TANK
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— Leland J. Ster
ling, a machinist employed at the West
Oakland railroad yards, underwent the
novel sensation yesterday afternoon of
being imprisoned in an oil tank for over
half an hour..
The tank was on a truck and Sterling,
who weighs 236 pounds, found that he was
comptlkd to lower himself into it in or
der to repair a leak in the bottom. By
n little squeezing he managed to get
through the manhole at the top, but it
vas more difficult to get out. He eetm^d
to have grown several inches while in
the tiink and. try as he would, he could
not reach the fresh air. After being in
side the tank for half an hour, his calls
for h*-'.T> attracted Oscar Lubbock. who
w^r.t to his aid. and. after much exer
llon, managed to extract his fellow em
ploy*.
Bteiitelc. in view of future similar empr
r?ncies, has gone into training at the
Wt-frt Oakland Athletic Club.
RELIEVES MUCH MISERY.
Associated Charities Elects Officers
and Reports Work Done.
The Associated Charities of San Fran
cisco held Its twelfth annual meeting and
election of officers yesterday afternoon in
its rooms at COl Commercial street. The
following officials were chosen to serve
for the next year: President, Oliver El
dridse: vice presidents. J. M. Burnett, W.
B. Hooper and B. P. Flint; treasurer, S.
W. Levy; general secretary, Miss Virginia
Fitch.
Reports from the various officers and
committees were read and accepted, and
showed the society to be in a very flour
ishing condition. As to the good It does
the figures speak for themselves.
During the past year 224S cases have
been investigated and relieved. Of this
number 13.14 were entirely new cases and
fO-t ccses that had applied for relief before.
Permanent situations were obtained for
4u\ people and nearly EOO soldiers were
taken charge of by the society and either
nursed biick to health or sent to their
homes where they could be properly at
tended to.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 12.
The Ebell Society handled two import
ant subjects at its meeting this after
noon when it first chose two delegates to
represent the organization at Los Angeles
on Tuesday of next week at the conven
tion for the discussion" of State federation
of women's clubs, and then took up the
subject of "Trusts."
After an ofllcial expression of regret
on the death of Mrs. Frederick Hall, Mrs.
George Bunnell moved that the Ebell So
ciety federate. This was seconded, and
after some little discussion of federation.
In which the majority of speakers declar
ed their ignorance of the subject and oth
ers were mildly for or against. Mrs. Fred
erick B. Ginn moved that Ebell, being
the. oldest woman's club in the State and
having been asked to have a representa
tive at Tuesday's convention, a delegate
be sent to Los Angeles to report on the
meeting there and that that delegate be
the presldent'of Ebell.
This motion was adopted, but most of
these voting for it said that they were not
yet ready for federation. It was then
decided to send two delegates. Mrs. F. B.
Gmn being chosen as the second.
In the general meeting that followed
"Trusts" was the subject. The living is
sue section, of which Mrs. Henry Vroo
man is chairman and Miss C. A. Whitney
is curator, had the programme in charge.
Mrs. Vrooman presided.
There were nine papers, each taking up
a different phase of the question, all to
the point and interesting. The speakers
were Mrs. Vrooman, Miss Whitney, Mrs.
Fred Allardt, Mrs. Chadbourne, Mrs.
Bunnell, Mrs. A. W. Bishop, Mrs. Milton
Bulkeley, Mrs. Louis Cockroft and Mrs.
Hndley.
Mrs. Cockroft's talk, which was a his
tory of the Standard Oil Company, was
one of the very uuccessful addresses of the
afternoon, and was roundly applauded. It
arraigned the trusts of the United States
as the great garnerers of gold to the detri
ment of the masses.
"No wonder, said Mrs. Cockroft. "that
the multi-milllonalrea at the head of the
great trusts are so concerned about the
souls of th:s unnumbered that they give
chapels and evangelist cars and universi
ties and— .»brarles."
Mrs. Vrooman introduced the pro
gramme in a few general wonls on
"Trusts," after which Miss Whitney spoke
on the causes that led to the formation of
trupts, stating thei to be the changes in
the Industrial world through the invention
of machinery; the extension of railway
systems; the recognition of certain eco
nomic laws and the introduction of scien
tific methods in business.
Mrs. Allardt spoke on i..c present de
velopment of trusts. She showed their
increase and said that their promotion
had come to be a new Industry. The rail
roads, she declared, were the nestors of
all trusts. Mrs. Bunnell read a paper on
the convention on trusts held at Chicago.
Mrs. Bishop gave a practical talk on the
way trusts had affected commercial trav
elers. Mrs. Chadbourne's paper was
strongly anti-trust and In It she asserted
that the trust means the crushing of the
middleman In trade and that corruption
follows In the wake of great combina
tions.
Mrs. Bulkeley gave a historical sketch
of trusts from the Venetian consolidation
on salt five hundred years ago to the
present time. Her paper was not opposed
to trusts. She said that the trust was
the natural evolution, the centralization
of business. Mrs. Hadley gave her re
searches on trusts handled from a Eu
ropean standpoint.
Novel Methods Used
in Oakland.
" Living Issue Sec
tion's" Topic.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
BURGLARS TRY
TO BORE INTO
THE BUILDING
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.-Rev. George W.
Stone of Kansas City, who is the official
representative of the American Unitarian
4Js*ociaUon and is on this coast on bust-
Rev. Dr. Stone Will Speak-
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— Oakland's reputa
tion as the Gretna (Jroen of the Pacific
was once more emphasized to-day, when
two a*ed hearts warmed by Cupid came
all the way from the frozen States of
lowa and Montana to meet and wed here.
A marriage license was secured at th'°
County Cit-rk's cflice this afternoon by
Thomas Winslow Frentress. aged 75 years,
resident of Sioux «.lty, lowa, und Sarah
D. Green, ascd 53, a resident uf Great
Falls, Mont. As they stood beforo
•'Cupid s desk they evinced the happi
ness of cooing rtoves and requested that
the secret of when, where and by whom
the marriage ceremony would be ner
formed be not divulged.
Date of Transfer Changed.
ALAIIKHA, Jan. 12— The piant of tlic
Artesian Water Works will not be trans-
Jerrefl to the Contra Costa Water Com
pany on March 1 as jil.inned. but a morth
or ::x v.<eH? later. Th<* labor of gett'nz
r"nrly for thf transfer has been so great
that it could not he competed at the tima
(-- 1 for ;hr- transfer. . The Contra Coita
company v.lll maintain offices In Alameda
for the accommodation of Its Alameda
patrons.
Interpreter Takes Poison.
Perclval Baker, a Chinese interpreter,
residing at 1510 Stockton street, is lying at
the Harbor Receiving Hospital in a pre
carious condition." He swallowed the con
tents of a bottle containing morphine and
atrophine, and when discovered was near
ly unconsciousness.
He was hurriedly taken to the hospital
and the poison was pumped- out of his
system. The doctors give little hope for
his recovery. Baker was formerly a sten
ographer in the office of the Collector of
the Port. For the past month he has at
tracted attention by reason of his pecu
liar talk and actions. It is thought ho
took the poison with suicidal intent.
¦ ? . ___
Unknown Man Dies Suddenly.
At an early hour this morning Officer
M. Brady found a well dressed man lying
at the corner of Clay and Kearny streets
in an unconscious condition. He tried to
arouse him but failed, and finding that he
was not affected with liquor, the police
man sent him to the .Harbor Hospital.
Shortly after being placed on the ope
rating table the man expired. The doc
tors were unable to ascertain the causo
of death. The body : was sent to the
Morgue. No papers or marks of Identifi
cation wore found on his person. The
nnknown was rather stout and fairly well
dressed.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.-There will be no
damage suit over the accidental shooting
of Uttle George W. Ogs. which occurred
in J. V. Maxwell's hardware store about
three months ago. George R. Ogg was
yesterday appointed guardian over the
ixrs^on and estate of his son for the pur
i.ose of bringing suit, but any claims the
boy might have had for damages were
to-cay M-ttled out of court, the sum In
volved in the compromise being kept a
Et-crct.
Young Ogg, with two other boys, went
to Maxwell's store on the day of the acci
dent to look at some revolvers. Th"y
were shown a weapon wheh later devel
opm^m* prov-d was loaded. One of the
lads tried the pistol anil shot Ojrg.
AGED AND FROM AFAR
THEY CAME TO MARRY
New Pastor Arrives
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.-Rev. J. C. V.'ooton
the new pastor of Asbury Methodist Enip
copal Church South, arrived this morninx
Jn Oakland from North Carolina and will
at once commence upon the dlschaege of
hi? duties This evening he consulted
v.th tfae church officials and will occuuv
me pulpit feunday. He if a young ma-i
unmans, and is a graduate of Trinity
¦ The parties locally concerned in the ar
rival of hemp from the Philippines say
that there Is enough hemp on the coast
to last about' another month. The East
can also get along until February. Mr.
Kellogg of the Tubbs Cordage Company
of this city said yesterday that there is an
ample stock on hand for present use.
While there has been no movement in the
supply In the interior of Luzon since the
ports were opened, he thought that fresh
cargoes would be soon afloat. There was <
also a large amount of hemp on the way.
There would not be any Eastern corner.
The hemp for the East would go through
the Suez canal and that consigned for the !
coast would come direct. j
Alameda Republicans Take Action.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 12.-The Alumeda Ue
rubliran Club has sent out invitations to
*tll political clubs of Alameda requesting
each to select three delegates to a <-om
niittee conference to be held next Mon
cay evening. The City Trustees me<-t the
came evening and it is the plan of the
union committee of the several organiza
tions to send a delegation to the City
Trustees to request them to defer the
iretholcers' election instead of fixing it
by ordinance for February 27.
The matter will bp considered by both
th« Merchants' Exchange and the Board
of Trade at me next meeting of those
bodies.
"I object," shouted Hopkins (Rep.) of
Illinois and several other Republicans.
Grosvenor of Ohio moved that the reso
lution be laid on the table.
"It is not before the House," obperved
Hopkins. "The able rer-ort of the Secre
tary of the Treasury has met all the
charges It contains."
Richardson (Dem.), the minority leader,
as a matter of privilege called attention
to what he claimed was an infraction ot
the rules of the House in the printing of
the sh'pplng bill. Appended to it was i
partisan argument by ex-Senator Ed
munds, which had no business here and
which made It a non-frankable docu
ment. He thought the whole document
should ' be suppressed.
Payne of New York explained that the
Edmunds argument had been printed by
inadvertence. After some discussion it
was agreed by unanimous consent that
the bill should be reprinted without the
argument attached in the. present print.
BILLS IN THE HOUSE
Loud Reintroduces His Measure Reg
ulating Second-Class Mail.
WASHINGTON. J;m. 12.—Representa
tive Pearre of Maryland to-day intro
duced a bill for the suspension of tariff
duties on importations when their sale
or manufacture is monopolized, and pro
viding for a commission on foreign com
merce to investigate and report to the
President thereon.
Among the other House bills were those
by Lacey of lowa, to set a side a preserve
for the American bison, and by Loud of
California, reintroducing what is known
as the Loud bill, in reference to second
class mall matter, with some modifica
tions. Loud's bill is substantially the
same as that of two year* ago, except
that section 2 is changed to make the
rate of second-class mail matter 1 cent
a pound when the distance between the
office of mailing and the office of delivery
does not exceed 1000 miles, and 2 cents
per pound when the distance exceeds 1000
miles.
Gambling His Ruin.
BAKER CITY, Or., Jan. 12.— Michael
Rosendorf committed suicide in the Com
mercial Hotel here to-day by shooting
himself in the head. He left a letter stat
ing that he had made a failure of life on
account of a mania for gambling. He said
that he carried several thousand dollars
In life insurance, which would provide
for his family, and without taking his own
life he could Bee no way of supporting
them.
Heavy Flour Shipment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 12.— One of the
largest shipments of flour in the history
of the Buckeye Mills of this city was
made to-day, a special train of forty cars
leaving the warehouse of the Sperry Com
pany. The shipment Is for the China,
trade and consists of 1250 tons. At San
Francisco the flour will be loaded on the
steamer Algoa^
Hanged Himself.
JACKSON. Jan. 12.— Charles Slmslch,
aged 22, was found dead this morning half
a mile from town. He was lying under a
tree with a broken rope around his neck.
The other portion of the rope was tied to
a limb of the tree. .It is probably a case
of suicide. Deceased was a native of Aus
tria. A few days ago he was hurt in the
Argonaut mine and was subject to de
spondency. ,
Epidemic in San Luis Obispo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 12.— An epi
demic resembling typhoid fever in many
ways has made its appearanc-j in this city
and is said by a prominent physlc.'an to
be duo. to improper sewerage. Many citi
zens are afflicted with the malady. There
is considerable! excitement and comment
concerning the matter.
Ducks Plentiful.
PETALUMA, Jan. 12.— Since . the last
heavy rains the marshes below here are "
alive with ducks, mostly sprig, but can
vasbacks are also plentiful. Just west of
town the laguna teems with waterfowl
The farmers have organized a duck-hunt
ing club and have gang hunts along the
streams.
Newspapers Consolidated.
JACKSON, Jan. 12. — The ¦ Amador
Ledger and the Amador Republican were
consolidated to-day, the proprietors of the
latter purchasing the Ledger. The Ama-
| Tha officers of Loyal Rebekah Lodge of
; the Independent Order of Odd Fellows had
j the following officers Installed last Mon
day night by District Deputy President
i Mrs. Hattie Duley, assisted by Mrs. Laura
Lowrie, acting .as marshal: Ruby Amy
thest Lewell, junior past grand; Miss
Margery Jennings, noble grand; Emma
Braver, vice grand; Mrs. Roy T. Daniels,
secretary; Mrs. Loretto Meachem, finan
cial secretary; Miss R. Bourne, treasurer;
i Sophie Decker, right supporter to the no
ble grand; Miss M. Thomas, left support
er to the noble grand; Miss A. Lawrence,
warden; Miss Jennie Wright, conductor;
Mrs. Thlrza Crossman, right supporter to
vice grand; Mrs. Lua James, left supporc
er to vice grand; Miss Tillie Braver, chap
lain; Mrs. Carrie Jewell right altar sup
porter; Mrs. Carrie McAllister, left altar
supporter. The Installation was public
and was witnessed by as many people as
I could crowd into the hall. Miss Tillie
Braver, the retiring noble grand, was thf
recipient of a beautiful jewel, and a pasl
grand's collar was presented to Miss Jew
ell.. The financial secretary was presented
a gold pen and holder In recognition of
faithful services. After the ceremony
there was a programme of music and lit
erary numbers, also dancing.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Sargent Lodge, I. O. O.
F.: George W. Monteith, noble grand;
Walter B. Layton, vice grand; George W.
Dlxon, secretary; Alexander Hay, iretia
urer; J. C. Sorenson, warden;. A. Mc-
Laughlin, conductor; Frank 'dmlth.'ri^ht
supporter to the noble grand; Mark Neu
man. left supporter to the noble grand;
J. W. Wherry, chaplain; William Kd
ward3, organist; H. A. Dllley, right sup
porter to the vice grand; Jacob Brlgs's.
left supporter to the vice grand. The
installing officer was Louis Kragen, D.
I D. G. M., assisted by Alexander Hay as
marshal.
The supreme officers of the Friends of
the Forest have installed the following
named as the officers of Lincoln Lodge:
Mrs. Susan Tryon, president: Mrs. Bertha
Mackrett, vice president; Mrs. Mary EL
Waldo, chaplain; Mrs. J. H. Duncan,
treasurer; Miss Carrie Mayers, recording
secretary: Mrs. A. O. Craig, financial sec
retary; .Miss Tillie Sharp, marshal; Miss
May "Burres. warden; Mrs. Georgia Roots
Inside gMard; J. H. Duncan, outside guard;
Mrs. Bella Richmond, organist: Dr. A. 13.
' Brune, physician: John Rinner, H. ii.
Burlingame and Mrs. Ida Blackall, trus
tees. After the ceremony, which was puo
i lie there was a social hour and then a
collation for the members and their
friends.
District Deputy Grand Chief Ranger I.
Levy, assisted by Dr. Mlnaker of Court
Hayes Valley as marshal, installed the
following officers of Court Justice of the
Foresters of America: E. C. Brehm,
chief ranger; G. W. Welby, sub-chief; F.
Hemberger, treasurer; A. F. Brlnkman,
financial secretary: J. Sobolay, physician;
M. H. Huber, senior and P. H. Russell.
Junior woodward; E. H. Plath, senior and
T, A. Jones, Junior beadle; J. Eagles, trus
tee; Charles Wchr, junior past chief
ranger.
Yerba Buena Lodge of the Knights of
Honor had the' following officers installed
by Deputy Grand Dictator Summers, as
sisted by D. E. George. D. D. D., and
Thomas Learned, P. G. D.; w.H. Howard,
past dictator; F. T. Wedekind. dictator;
8. J. Thomas, vice dictator: C. B. Wede
kind. assistant dictator; R. 11. Noble, re
porter;" J. C. Noble, financial reporter; A.
J. Falrweather, treasurer; J. O'Brien,
chaplain; W. A. Merrill, guide; C. F. Mar
tin, guardian: William Wallace, sentinel:
A. M., Macpherson, M. L. Crowe and
Arthur Logan, trustees. This lodge will
have Its installation entertainment and
banquet on Monday next, and to this the
wives and lady relatives of members will
be invited.
The officers of Mazzinl Circle of the
Companions of the Forest, A. O. F., were
Installed in Washington-square Hall in
the presence of about 500 of the friends of
the members. The principal ofljeers are:
Mary J. Valente. chief companion ; Adele
Gulstl. sub-chief; Virginia Cervalll, flnan-
Goad Heirs Incorporate.
J^lla Goad Hooker, Mary Aileen Goad
Mclntosh, Genevieve Goad Martin,
William F. Goad, C. Osgood Hooker
and Charles K. Mclntosh have in
corporated the Goad Land Company,
with a capital stock of $10,000, all of which
has been subscribed. The corporation is
formed for the purposes of handling the
real estate now In possession of the sev
eral incorporators.
Ella Goad Hooker, as the executrix of
the will of the late William F. Goad, filed
her final account In the Superior Court
yesterday. In her account Mrs. Hooker
sets forth that since the death of dece
dent she has received 157.2C5 04 in cash and
has paid out $43,153 09, leaving a cash bal
ance of $15,111 95. In her prayer she asks
that the court fix the attorney's fee and
compute and allow her commissions as
executrix.
HOUSE PROCEEDINGS.
Sulzer Attempts to Renew His At
tack on Secretary Gage.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.-Catchings of
Mississippi was sworn In as a member
at the opening of the session of the Hou?e
to-day. He has been detained at home
since Congress convened.
The Speaker laid before the House the
resignation of John Walter Smith, Gov
ernor of Maryland.
Sulz^r of New York then presented for
Immediate consideration a resolution for
the appointment of a special committee of
nine members to investigate the relations
of the Secretary of the Treasury with cer
tain New York national banks and the
transactions relating to the sale of the
New York Custom House. Before the
reading of the resolution was completed
Dalzell (Rep.) of Pennsylvania objected
on the ground that the resolution should
go through the box in th£ regular way.
"Then I ask unanimous consent," said
Su!zer. "for its consideration."
MISSION ARCH MASONS.
Officers for the Current Masonic Year
Inducted Into Their Respec
tive Stations.
The last of the local chapters of the
Royal Arch Masons to have Its officers
installed was Mission Chapter, which had
the elected and appointed officials placed
In their respective chairs last Thursday
night by Charles J. King. P. 11. P., as In
stalling officer, assisted by D. C. Smith as
master of ceremonies. The event took
place in the beautiful lodge room in the
Mission Masonic Temple and was wit
nessed by nearly 150 companions of the
order. The new officers are: P. D. Code,
most omlnent high priest; Andrew Chris
tenson, eminent king; A. M. Cox, eminent
scribe; C. Hellwig, treasurer; J. R. Hill
man, secretary; Jonathan M. Peel, • cap
tain of the host; H. C. Bunker, principal
sojourner: F. H. Gibson, royal arch cap
tain; Dewey Coffin, master third vail;
Morgan Backus, master second vail; Ed
ward F. Crossett, master first vail; J. E.
Parmerlee, guard. A quartet furnished
exquisite music during the t?remonial.
Upon the closing of the chapter there was
an adjournment to the banquet hall on
the upper flcor, where a sumptuous sup
per was served. The new officers occu
pied seats at the head table and at the
same table were the following named
prominent visitors: J. C. Campbell of
Golden Gate Commandery, J. A. Hosmer,
S. M. Shortridge, John Lackmann, Gus
Gunzendorfer, J. G. . Spauldlng and Rob
ert Aish. The quartet furnished vocal
music and there were a number of re
sponses to toasts suggested by the toast
master, P. D. Code, M. E. P.
cial secretary; Mrs. Conniff, treasurer.
The installing officer was Mrs. R. P. Gale.
president of the board of deputies, assist
ed by Miss Ottilie Meyers as herald. Dur
ing the evening Mrs. F. N.. Morrow. S. G.
S., on behalf of the circle, presented- a
handsome jewel to Mrs. Verlague, the re
tiring past chief companion. This circle
now has, sloso in bank. After the ceremony
M. Boehm, high chief ranger of the For
esters, delivered an address and . then
there-was a programme and dancing.
I. O. Kasser, D. D. G. R. R., assisted by
I. Michaels, has installed the following
Officers of Court Golden Era, Foresters of
America: Frederick Mahlstedt, past chief
ranger: Charles Ash, chief ranger; H. W.
Stlnes, sub-chief; L. L. Rey. treasurer;
M. Levy, financial secretary; E. A. Smith,
recording secretary: W. J. Gelman, se
nior and T. C. Crowley, junior woodward;
J. J. Luberman, senior, and Z. Woolf.
Junior beadle; Dr. William Edwards, phy
sician: H. Londoner, organist.
Following are the new officers of Court
Independence, Foresters of America :
George D. Kelly, chief ranger; Edward
Kelly, sub-chief; J. F.Grady, treasurer; P.
McGushin, financial secretary; W. J. Reid,
recording secretary; Dr. F. Ragan, physi
cian; 11. Goldman, senior, and L. G.
Bauer, junior woodward; William Dela
hanty, senior and J. J. Borden, junior
beadle; C. F. Korp. Edward Mitchell and
P. Gray, trustees; H. Houte. organist.
Court Washington of the Foresters of
America has had officers installed for the
current si* months: O. B. Greenebaum.
chief ranger; J. Esan. sub-chief ranger;
M. C. Lasky. financial secretary; M.
Brady, recording secretary; A. Flgel.
treasurer; S. Groslicbt. senior, and J.
Brackman. Junior woodwards; S. Schweit
zer, senior and George Young, Junior
beadle. The ceremony was followed by a
first-class supper to the members and In
vited guests.
The following named have been Installed
as the officers of Court Bonita of the For
esters of America for the current term:
William Taylor, past chief ranger; H.
Herman, chief ranger: H. Urblas, sub
chief; George Mangels, treasurer: D.
O Callaghan, financial secretary; William
J. Bell, recording secretary; John O'Cal
laghan. senior and E. A. Springer junior
woodwards; Henry McGee. senior and
Andrew McKeany. junior beadle; • Dr.
Hugh Lagan, physician; John C. Heenan.
organist, and John Lynch, trustee. The
ceremonies were followed by a pleasant
social hour.
El Dorado Council of the National
Union has had the following named of
ficers Installed for the current term: 11.
Kraus ex-president; C. Schuldt, presi
dent; M H. Wascerwitz, vice president;
C. Rothschild, secretary; J. Calmann.
financial secretary; E. Dreyfus, treasurer:
R- H. Schunhoff. chaplain; Thoma3 F.
Butler, usher: John Lauer, sergeant: F.
B. Gott, doorkeeper; M. C. Meyer, L. C.
Meyer and J. Gollober, trustees.
cj.^t l a i a 7 ? £l y attended meeting of Court
Sutro Heights of the Foresters of Amer
ica the following named officers were in
stalled for the current term by District
Deputy Ben Levy: W. J. Barador!. junior
past ranger; J. J. Clancy, chief ranger; C.
E. Morey. sub-chief; W. B. Faulkner,
treasurer: E. S. Harding, financial secre
tary: J. \V. Gleadell, recording secretary;
C Rommel! . senior and W. F. Hlnz
junior woodward; M. A. Nathan, senior
'v^ 0 - . Jacobson. junior beadle; Dr. L.
H. Grunlnp. physician; J. Murray, R.
Klumpp and P. Livingston, trustees.
The following named have been installed as
officers of the Golden Gate Branch of the
National Association of Letter Carriers: James
C. Murphy, president: C. T. McAullffe. vice
president; Conrad Trieber, secretary R D
Cunningham, treasurer; Frank E. Smith.' col
lector M. B. A.: U. Frank Ames, sergeant-at
nrms; Dr. J. T. Dillon, physician; George J.
Goe. Charles Seeburt and R. D. Barton, trus
tees.
Pair Oaks Camp No. 15, Sons of Veterans
ami the Ladles' Auxiliary Society of that or
ganization had their officers installed in
Kuby Hall of the Red Men's building. The
officers of the former are: Louis E. George
captain; W. E. Hartlett. first lieutenant: Vic
tor L. Duhem, second lieutenant: Walter C
Howe, first sergeant; W. E. Lawrence, quar
termaster sergeant, and Harry T. Moore, chap
lain. The installing officer was W. C Howe
assisted by Frank 11. Handley. sergeant of the
suard. The officers of the ladies' branch are-
Mrs. Dora Wilkins. president: Miss Alice
Boardman. vice president: Miss Mollle Kee An
eer. chaplain; Mrs. E. C. Dunn, secretary; Miss
Francis Oreniger, treasurer: Mrs. Nan Wat
son, guide; Miss E. Connelly, assistant guide;
L. Green, guard. Mrs. Laura J. Handley, past
president. Installed the officers. After the
ceremony the iron cross of the order was pre*
sented to Dr. D. B. Plymire. the retiring cap
tain of the Sons, and a "similar token was
given to Mrs. V. Duhem. the retiring president
of the ladles' branch. The presentations over
there was a pleasing programme of entertain
ment, which was enjoyed by a large number
of the friends of both organizations, as the
installations were public. The entertainment
was followed by dancing.
The newly elected officers of Golden Gate
Council of the National Union, are: W
W. liealey. president; Thomas K. Kase. vice
president: W. S. Fcss. speaker: J. J. Scoville
recording secretary; Theo Frollch. financial
secretary; J. H. Baker, treasurer: W. T.
Thomson, chaplain: C. J. Swift. tish?r; Will
lam Healey, sergeant-at-arms: R. H. Mowbray.
doorkeeper: W. M. Angler. T. A. Gilby and
W. G. Walsh, trustees, were Installed by Past
President Norman It. Arter. assisted by W
W. Cross as usher. This council has selected
as Its representative to the San Francisco
Cabinet J. H. Baker. William W. Heaiey, T
A. Kirid. R. H. Porterfleld, E. J. Smith and
Thomas K. Ka?e.
The following named have been Installed as
officers of Western Addition Camp of the
Wixxlmen of the World for the current term:
W. L.. Vinel, past consul commander: George
A. Trearlweil. corsul commander; W. S. Shaw,
advisor lieutenant; V. T. de Rocco. clerk; C.
O; Iflnds. banker; F. J. McCann; escort; E.
11. Barpe, watchman; A. M. Smith, sentry, and
C G. Vail, manager for the long term. The
Installing officer was Past Consul Commander
M. T. Moses. W. L. Vinel, the retiring con
sul, commander, was, after the installation,
presented a token of appreciation of services
rendered in the shape of a beautiful jewel of
his rnnk In the order.
District Deputy Grnnd Master Louis Kragen
has Installed the following named as officers
of Golden Gate Lodjre of the I. O. O. FV: E.
F. Fassrcan. Junior past grand; Edward Lut
ley, noble grand; J. M. Weiss, vice grand;
C. R. MacLaughlin, recording secretary: I. E.
Jarrett. financial secretary; W. H. Leitch.
treasurer: W.- T. Webb, warden; L. C. Mers
ton; conductor; T. W. Taylor, right, and A.
Phiibrook, left supporter to the noble grand;
M. Rassmuasen. right, and J. Weiss, left sup
porter to vice grand, and W. H. Patrick, or
ganist.
Herman Lodge of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows had Its officers installed In public
In the presence of a large number of people in
Eureka Hall of the Odd Fellows' building.
The new officers are: E. Ivruger, junior past
grand; E. Übner, noble grand: John Kuhne,
vice grand; M. R. Jeager, recording and finan
cial secretary: J. Altman. treasurer; Charles
Gottschalk. right, and 11. Hasse, left supporter
to the noble grand; J. Tlefs. warden: J. X.
Raising, conductor: J. Gellsdorff, right, and
B. Ladti, left supporter to the vice grand; A.
H. Breckwoldt, chaplain, and C. Trautner.
organist. District Deputy Grand Master J. F.
Breckwoldt was the installing officer. He was
assisted by F. C. Meyers as grand manshal.
After the Installation ceremonies the commit
tee on entertainment presented a programme
which had for Its features a cornet solo by
C. L. Beer: short address by.Emll Neln\ler;
vocal solo. Miss Rertha Abel; "Just a few re
marks In Gorman" by Grand Secretary George
T. Shaw. and. a recitation by Robert Lorentz.
Then.lt v.-as "on with the dance" until mid
night. > .
Thomas P. Woodward, district deputy grand
master, and an efficient corps of officers. In
stalled the following named officers of Bay
City Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows for the current term: Lewis Jonas,
noble grand; Henry Newbergh. vice grand;
Thomas Klam, P. G.. right, and I. Wehle. P.
G., left supporter to noble grand: M. Gold
man, P. G., warden: O. J. Wise. P. G., con
ductor; L. Cook, P. G., Inside guard; L.
Schultz. outside guard: L. M. Mendelsohn,
right, and E. W. Regensburger, left supporter
to vice grand: A. Gross, right, and G. Selo,
left scene supporter. After the Installation the
lodge added a new member to Its roll by In
itiation.
Court Bohemian, Anelent Order of Foresters,
was visited by District Deputy High Chief
Ranger J. Winters and the beard of deputies
and these Installed the following officers for
the current terra: A. N. Knoph. chief ranger
(re-elected): J. Grace, sub-chief; M. Feut
nacher. financial secretary : G. Baker. record-
Ing secretary; R. Rosenbloom. treasurer;
George Llpman, senior, and J. Hurley, junior
woodward; A. Govedlnk, senior, and J. Lea
noard, junior beadle. After these had been
Installed Mrs. A. Boehm and the board, of
deputies Of the Companions of th* Forest. A.
O. F., Installed the following officers of Bo
hemian Ch-cle: Mrs. F. L. Flick, chief com
panion; Mrs. A. Asmann, sub-chief; M. Feul
scher. financial secretary: J.' Winter, recording
secretary; Mrs. K. Knoph, treasurer; Mrs. M.
Feutscher, right, and Miss J. Grace. left guide:
M. Grace. Inside, and Annie Thomson, outside
guard. After the ceremony Pub High Chief
Ranger J. Henderson, on behalf of the court,
presented to the chief ranger a handsomely
framed certificate and collar tn appreciation
of his services during the previous term. Then
there was an Interesting programme, dancing
and a collation. The Installation, which was
public, was witnessed by as many as oould
crowd Into the social hall of the Foresters'
building.
The following named. were Installed as. offi
cers of Norman Lodge of the Knights of Honor
by' Grand Dictator Archibald, assisted by a
number of the grand officers: William-6aal
burgr.' past dictator: Joseph Morris, dictator;
H Monash. vice dictator; George W. Murphy,
assistant dictator; J. Gans, reporter; p.- j.
Joyce financial reporter: F. W. Zehfus. treas
urer: Jo.^ph McGlffln. guide; J. Brock, chap
lain: F. Wllklns. guide; A. Sellg. sentln-1;
p Davis and N. H. Hlrshfeld. trustees. Th«
ceremony was witnessed by delegations from
Liberty and Polar Star lodges. The event was
followed by a supper, speeches and songs'.
The following named have been Installed as
the officers of Leland Btanford Lodge of the
Knights of Honor: J. R. Sands, past dictator-
E. P. Thyes. dictator; G. L. Keller, vice dic
tator; F. A. Christmas, assistant dictator; J
J Reran, reporter; A. Strohmeler, financial
reporter: A. Morris, treasurer; O. Schoenwald
chaplain; M. Bchlegelmllch. guide; C. Waal.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway. Jan. 12.
- Boring through the side of a house U
the latest method of operation adopted
by the burglars of Oakland. Last evening
they tried to effect an entrance into the
gun store of J. W. Orear at 517 Seventh
street by going through the side of the
house, but- It is believed that they were
frlghtf-ncd away by a setter dog that
sleeps in the store.
That the would-be burglars were ac
quainted with the premises is evident,
a.s they selected as their point of entrance
the only place where it would have been
possible to enter In that way. At every
other point there are rows of selves stored
with ammunition, which would have ef
fectually stopped their approach. The
place where they made the attempt is
protected only by the clapboard wall and
the recess in the shelving is occupied at
night by the dog that last night did
such effective work.
Next door to the gun store is a yard
used as a nursery and It is full of shrubs.
a fact which enabled the burglars to oper
ate unobserved. They used, in their oper
ations, a brace and bit, a chisel and a
saw and had cut out a hole about a foot
square before they were frightened away.
They left their tools and a sack, evi
dently to be used in carrying away their
plunder, beside the hole, when they took,
their hurried departure. Orear says he
never kept money In the store and It la
his opinion that the burglars were after
guns, ammunition and cutlery.
The attempted burglary was not dis
covered till daylight, but at-4 o'clock: this
morning Patrolmen Sherry and McSorley,
assisted by Deputy Constable Moffatt.
made the arreai of three suspects, who
are supposed to be not only responsible
for the attempted burglary, but for other
depredations which have been committed
recently in this city.
¦ Officer McSorley, In accordance with a
new plan of. patrol inaugurated by Chief
of Police Hodgkins, wad walking down
Clay street when he observed three men
at the corner of Sixth. When he waa ob
served the men walked hurriedly away
and broke into a run as he followed them.
He telephoned to Sergeant Clark for aid
and Sherry and Moffatt were sent to
assist him.
The three policemen overhauled the sus
pects at the free market on Clay street,
between Fourth and Fifth, where they
had taken refuge in a stall, and placed
them under arrest only after having
drawn their revolver's.
At the City Prison the men gave their
names as "\Villiam Dannaker, "William
Dowllng and James McCoy. The first two
have been through the reform school and
have served time for petty offenses. Mc-
Coy, while not known to the police. Is
thought to be an ex-convict. An effort
Is now being made by Chief Hodgklns
and his detectives to connect the men
with the recent burglaries and It Is said
that their description tallies exactly with
the "men who wounded "William Vincent
at Sixth and Clay streets, because he
refused to give them his cash.
guardian: J. Schl*?elmllch, sentinel; O. Schoen
wnld. T. Bwald and R. J. Sanda. trustees.
The Xorddeutscher Vereln will Install the fol
lowing named a3 its officers for the ensuing
t^rin: Henry Meyer, president; Edward Stehn,
rice president; Chris J. Schroder, recording
secretary: Hennlg Thode. treasurer; August
Hagedorn, Herman Darthold and Ferdinand
Rathjen, finance committee; Herman Huber.
Charles W. Arp and Frederick Goosi. princi
pal sick committee; A. K. Urune. M.D.. physi
cian; George Stelllnsr. doorkeeper.
District Deputy Agnes McMahon. assisted by
Mrs. Sarah Gutstadt as. great prophetess and
Mrs. Jennie Weiser\as treat wencnah. rat3ed
up the elected and appointed officers of Poca
hontas Council. The fleeted officers are: Miss
Mabel Peary, pocahoruaa: Sllss Bessie Cromer
dinK. wenoneh: C Hummel, powhattan. and
Mrs. Lizzie Atwood. prcphetea3. There were
present at the Installation, which was public,
a delegation from Katveah Council and a large
number of friends of the councl!: also visitors
from Alfarata and Motoka councils. During
the evening a beautiful token was presented to
Past Pocahontas Mrs. Sarah Hasan.
Head Manager I. I. I?oak. assisted by T. M.
Rcbinson. part consul commander of Oakland
Camp. Installed the. following named as ths
officers of RedwooU Camp of the Woodmen of
the World at a public Installation: - B. Schell.
pwrt consul commander; J. Miller, consul com
mander: L. IX Selb<?rt. adviser lieutenant: T.
F. Hatton. clerk (ninth year): P. H. Savage,
banker (eighth year); G. M. Shepard, escort:
I. L. Isaacs, watchman; E. P. Ryan, sentry,
and A. O. Clark, manager for eighteen months.
After the ceremony about one hundred partook
of the camp's hospitality at a banquet, after
which there was an entertainment.
The following named have been installed aa
the officers of Clan Fraser by Robert Howder
Royal, deputy chief, a member of Clan McDon
ald, assisted by J. McCarron: George G. Gtlles
pie. chief; William Rae. sanlst; Rev. C. O.
Paterson. chaplain; William Cormaek, secre
tary: Thomas Wilson. financial secre
tary: Maxwell L. Crowe, treasurer: William R.
King, senior, and James Douglass, Junior
henchman; John Dolgleisch; seneschal: Robert
Phillips, warden:, James O. Fraser. sentin»*»
Dr. George Adams, physician: John W. Kin*,
trustee; Thomas 11. White!aw, standard-bearer;
R. Sevendale, inside sentinel, and Adam Ros«,
outside sentinel.
Court Stanford of the Foresters of Amerlcn
has had its officers installed for the current
tarm. They are: Eugene Levy. Junior past
chief ranger: Louis Klein, chief ranger; Dr. M.
Neumann, sub-chief ranger; H. M. Saunders.
treasurer: S. Gardner, financial secretary; Gus
A. Trautner. recording secretary: E. Pries, sen
ior woodward; A. Peterson. Junior woodward;
J. B. Fleming, senior beadle; D. Atkinson, Jun
ior beadle: L. Jentzsch. trustee; Dr. M. New
mann. rhyslclan. At the close of the installa
tion the court opened its doors and admitted a
nuirber of friends, who went entertained with
an Interesting: programme of musical numbers
and specialties, also sonsrs. 11. W. Roth pre
sided and made a pleasant address of welcome.
The following named have been Installed as
officers of Triumph Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen: Frank R. Margetts. mas
ter workman; J. W. Vandryes. past master
workman: D. B. Richards, foreman: C R. Hol
ton. overseer; J. J. Kerrigan, guide; T. P.
West. Inside watchman: W. K. Smal'.man. out
side watchman. After the ceremony the mem
bers and Installing officers had a glorious time.
District Deputy McKnlght. with the assist
ance of Deputy Spencer as grand guide. In
stalled the officers of Excelsior Lodge. Ancient
Order United Workmen. These are: George
William- Hummel, past master workman: Eu
gene A. Stecker. master workman; H. B.
Isaacs, foreman; William H. Day. overseer: J.
A. Burkhardt. tnside watchman: John Qulnton.
outside watchman. The event was followed by
a- collation, at which Grand Receiver Sam
Booth presided as trastmaster. and for two
hours there waa a good time.
Deputy Kidd and a number of the board of
deputies Installed the following officer* of
Golden Gate Lodge. .Ancient Order of United
Workmen: J. Nightwlne. past master; Julius
Joseph, master workman; J. McGlennon. fore
man: M. Glennon. overseer: Mark Lovely,
guide: Robert Legge. Inside watchman; J. N.
Dunton. outside watchman.
The following named have been Installed as
officers of the Past Masters' Association. E. V.
Joy beirg the Installing officer: Walter Molloy,
pitcident: M. J. Blackman, vice president;
Frank Magulre. recording secretary: E. A.
Smith, financial secretary; P. Abrahamson.
treasurer: J. Hansen, sergeant at arms; Julius
Meye. outside watchman. There was a pleas
ant evening of entertainment after the cere
monial. . \.»
State Floral Society Meets.
At the annual meeting: of the State
Floral Society yesterday afternoon the
following officers w«re elected to serve
for the next twelve months: President
Professor Emory E. Smith of Berkeley:
vice president. Mrs. L. O. Hodgklns of
San Francisco; recording secretary, Mra.
H. P. Tricho of San Francisco; corre
sponding secretary. Mrs. M. Orotheil of
San Francisco: treasurer, John Hender
son of Berkeley; accountant. Mrs. A.
R. Gunnlson. The directors are John Hln
kle of Berkeley and Mrs. John Martin of
San Francisco.
¦ ? ¦
Barkeley Police News.
BERKELEY. Jan. 12.— The case of Will
lam Oakes, the Sunset line man chargtd
with attempted assault, was called in
Judge Edgar's court this morning, but
was postponed until Monday at 2 p. m. on
account of the absence of the defendant's
attorney.
Thomas Wooley and Harry Martin were
arrested this afternoon and charged with
malicious mischief. Their alleged offense
is the smashing In of the door of W«e
rnann's store at Lorln.
¦ » m
When the Boers form a firing line no-
body Is left to look after the horses, which
are trained to renfaln ¦ where they are.
as soon as they feel the reins dropped ov«r
the ned"
FRUITVALE HOME
DESTROYED BY FIRE
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— The home of Mrs.
James H. Harrold, at 1307 Monroe street,
between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth
avenues, 'Fruitvale, was consumed by
flames at 6 o'clock this morning. The
cause of the blaze is supposed to have
been a defective flue.
The fire was discovered in time for the
family to save most of the furniture, but
the house is now in ashes. The damage
will amount to $2500, fully covered by in
surance. The Oakland Fire Department
was summoned to the flre and although
the house was outside the city limits sev
eral pieces of apparatus responded. TJie
firemen arrived too late, however, to save
the house.
IS INSANE OR
MISINTERPRETS
THE HOLY WRIT
Doctors Disagree in
Mulder's Case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 12.
Harry Mulder, a Kentucky darky, has
thrown into a quandary two lunacy com
missioners. Insanity Warden James Page,
Superior Judge ,Ogden and District At
torney Allen. He was arrested for In
sanity at a very early hour this morning
and his examination this afternoon creat
ed a queer complication such as has never
before occurred in the history of Alameda
County's lunacy "commission.
Mulder is aged 21 years. He was found
roaming about on the mudflats at the
foot of Thirteenth street. He had di
vested himself of every stitch of clothing
and appeared in primitive undress. To
the arresting officers he said that he came
from Kentucky, that he had been wicked
and that, according to the Bible, the Lord
had told him to throw away all his earth
iy possessions. All he owned waa his
clothes and to do penance ho had thrown
his raiment into the bay. He was placed
in the insane ward at the Receiving Hos
pital and to-day Drs. J. C. S. Akerly and
E. T. Barber were selected as lunacy
commissioners to examine him.
To the commissioners Mulder said that
his actions were prompted by a desire to
be a good Christian and that he based
his beliefs on the Bible. He declared he
had a religion of his own which dictated
to him that nothing should come between
himself and the Lord.
"I thought I would sacrifice my
clothes," he said, "depending upon God to
reclothe me. But he has not yet done
so."
Then came the hitch. Dr. Akerly
promptly signed the recommendation for
the man's commitment to an asylum.
stating that the colored man was afflicted
with religious mania.
Dr. Barber, however, refused to so
recommend, declaring that Mulder was
not insane, but that he simply "misin
terpreted the Bible."
When Mulder was taken before Judge
Ogden his Honor declared he had no
jurisdiction and that he was powerless in
View of the doctors' failure 'to agree.
Insanity Warden Page next appealed to
the District Attorney for advice am 1 , was
informed that there exists no law cover
ing this kind of an emergency, but that
the matter rests with the warden, who
may keep the patient five days and have
him re-examined by other doctors.
Warden Page has concluded to hold
Mulder for a few days and then have him
re-examined. When asked this afternoon
whether he desired anything Mulder
asked only for the Bible.
ESELL LADIES
TALK UPON THE
AGE OF TRUSTS
dor Republican will be dropped ' and the
Ledger, being the oldest newspaper in the
county, will hold its name. The newly
incorporated Amador Railroad is .believed
to be the promoters of this newspaper
deal. Stockholders of the projected rail
road from lone to Jackson were here this
week. They promise that the railroad
will be Jn active operation within e!ght
months. All the needed capital is said to
bo coming from New York. .
Clark Recognized as Mayor.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 12.— There Is. noth
ing new in the Mayoralty mix-up here.
Both Clark and Land have issued procla
mations to city officials, each declaring
that he Is Mayor, but the police, the City
Trustees, the Auditor and the Collector
all say they recognize Clark as Mayor,
since the temporary injunction against
him was dissolved.
ness for that organization, is spending
two weeks in this city. Rev. B. Fay Mills,
pastor of the First Unitarian Church, has
arranged to have Rev. Dr. Stone speak at
the church next Sunday evening on "Unl
tcrianism. Old and New."
PROPERTY GOBBLED
ON LAKE MERRITT
OAKLAND; Jan. 32.— The records of
the City Engineer's office in this
city are. not very complete as re
gards surveys of Lake Merritt, but
Incomplete as they are they show that
many acres of the most valuable land
have beon quietly appropriated by land
owners about the lake. Not alone is this
so, but Councilman Felton Taylor, who
made the original assertion that $75,000
worth of city land had been pre-empted
around the lake, says that houses now
stand where once rippled the waters of
Lake Merritt.
Lake Merritt was originally tidewater,'
and the time was when small schooners
used to sail up Into the arms where now
a rowboat can scarcely go. In order to
construct the main lake sewer, a very im
portant artery of Oakland's sanitary sys
tem, it wns necessary to make a lake out
of this arm of the bay for use as a flush
ing ba^in, and Congress ceded to the city
of Oakland all of its interest in Lake Mer
ritt. and it now ranks on the city records
as a water park.
The city of Oakland therefore holds
whatever title was held by the United
States, and that title is said to be from
the old Peralta grant line out. This Pe
ralta grant line was fixed by the United
States engineers and was intended to fol
low approximately the shore line. Shortl7
after Lake Merritt was created City En
gineer Arnold ran the official line of the
lake, which was Fubstantlally that of the
old Peralta grant line, and these two lines
constitute the official surveys of Lake
Merritt. In this investigation, as proposed
by Councilman Taylor, it will be neces
sary to re-establish these lines "and apply
them to the property surrounding the
lake, and this will show what land Is
claimed by the city find where there are
encroachments. It v.ill then be necessary
to establish title by search and probably
by suit.
l*y the most casual examination of the
rr.cp accompanying this article It will be
seen that on every side and corner of the
hike there have been encroachments,
statements to the contrary notwithstand
ing. The legality of these encroachments
will have to l>t- tested In some way or the
surface of Lake Merritt will be Rreutly
rtduced, and land that might be used by
the city for parks and a boulevard will be
diverted to private ownership.
These encroachments have mostly come
where small bays or bights have indented
the shores of the lake. These have been
filled either by the action of the elements
or by artificial means, and those owning
the adjacent property have taken posses
sion. There Is a considerable piece of
marsh land in the southwestern corner
of the lake, next the Twelfth street dam,
that is: outelde of the Peralta grant line
and the title to which Is in the Adams es
tate. This land is outside of the present
controversy, as it was submerged by the
creation of the lake, though this properly
¦would be very nice for the city to own.
When the boulevard was constructed
around the lake two arms were cut off
and filled. One of these has been taken
possession of by the Alameda Land Com
pany, which is owned by the Adams heirs
This contained fully half a square block
of land. The other has been taken pos
session of by Dr. E. H. Woolsey. and wa«?
much smaller.
The first step that will have to be taken
will be to make a complete survey of the
lake boundaries and then have a search
made to the title to the land Inside of the
line thus established. The settlement of
the title will then become a matter of law
and the courts. This is the plan advo
cated and initiated by Councilman Felton
Taylor, who rtrst sprung this question.
"I have not gone into this matter blind
ly." said Mr. Taylor to-night, "but gave
it a most thorough investigation before
making a move. Since IS7O I have lived
adjacent to the lake and know most all
the land that has been filled In and then
taken possession of by outsiders. A few
years ago the water extended up to
Franklin street. Now for several blocks
below that thoroughfare there is filled In
land, occupied by fine residences. I am
convinced that every foot of that real
estate belongs to the city and the pres
ent possessors are usurpers. It is the
same all arqynd the lake. Those people
who claim It nave no more right to it
than I would have to an island which I
might create by filling in a spot in the
middle of the lake. Every authority
which I have consulted Is of that opinion
and I think it Is about time th« city
assorted its rights and instituted proceed
ings to recover D^ssess'nn of Its property."
ANGLUS' BULLET
MAY RECONCILE
SHARES FAMILY
Wounded Man Will
Recover.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12.— The f hooting of
Joseph liopor glares by Joseph Anglus
yesterday nt CectefTlUa has caused great
excitement In and about the town. A
great difference of opinion exists as to
whether the act was Justifiable or the mur
dennui <3tod of a madman. The wounded
man is not in a dar^erous; condition. The
bullet v.hich struck him entered the
breast, plarscod along one of the right tii>s
and lodged In the muscles of the back.
Soares will recover unless blood-poisoning
follows his injury-.
One of the results of the 'shooting Is the
probablo reunion of Soares and his wile.
<vho have been living apart for several
tears. As soon as she heard of the aJT-iir
tie harried to his bedside, and when she
•va* told that he would probably die she
¦went Into hysterics, and is now In a more
cr A, tlcaJ co:i<Jlti °n than her husband.
The Elsters of young Anglus seem to
Gioryin the murderous act of their broth
*T" .. ey ma<l e inmost Inhuman demon
strations in front of the Soares premise*.
.nduigir.g in indecent tirades against the
wounded man, tshoutlng so loudly that
their voices reached the sickroom and
creatly ar.noyed Soares.
"I never had anything to do with those
girls, he declared. "Never did I taunt
the boy about his sisters and he tells an
untruth when he says so."
Soares is contradicted by Ills daughter
Josie. who says thut her father"s relations
-.:t!i Minnie Anglus were the cause of
trie estrangement between him and his
wife.
"Papa seemed to be enraptured with
that girl." eald Miss Soares. referring to
Mir.r.ie Anglus.
"They went together in a clandestine
•way for a long ilme and when mamma
learned of It she left him. . Then he and
the woman quarreled and they have
fallen out and made up with each other
frequently during the past year. They
flr.ally became estranged about three
xaumhs ago and since then have not
Bpoken. He has frequently endeavored to
ofiect a reconciliation, but did not succeed
and Minnie has oftentimes warned him
to keep away from the Anglus residence "
"I'm sorry brother Joe didn't kill that
c.ld duffer." said Minnie Anglua this morn
ing, "and if 1 got half a chance Id kill
him myself. He's no good and ought to
be dead."
"Did you ever go with Mr. Soares?"
was asked.
"None of your business." was the reply
"What I do is nobody's affair." "
According to the statement of J M
Joeepn of CentervtHe. this is not the first
trouble of a similar nature in which the
Ang!u!= t-!s::ors have been involved. Jo- i
bepl! claims that he has been a victim of i
th>:r vengeance.
"They got a grudge apalnst me when !
we wt re all kids." he declared, "and long
after I h~<) grown up and had almost for- I
gotten thr-m they remembered it. One ',
night about three yours ago they sent •
word that they wanted to see me. When !
I called Minnie tackled me with the 1
sharpened prong of a pitchfork, while 1
Annie, pounced on me with an Icepick I 1
managed to make mv escape, but I've :
get a scar over my left eye yet."
Miss Anglus admits the" encounter with I
Joseph; and tells of It with considerable i
Batlsfactlon. I
The youthful assassin is still In Jail
and maintains his air of bravado. He i
declared that Soares slandered his sister j
nnd justifies his act on that ground He
waj visited this evening by a sister re- I
tiding in Sacramento. She claims to be
wealthy and will arrange for her brother's
defense.
11SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
nCFINKSS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
C«N. rrtntr cf Market and Third streets, open
en II 12 o'clock evrry night In th« year.
BRANCH OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery street.
rcrner Clar: cpen until >:!0 p. m.
lOC Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
CJS McAMster etreet; open until 9:80 p. m.
CIS Lnrkln street;. open until 9:30 p. m.
3J41 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
CCI Market etreet, corner Sixteenth: open
cr.til S p. m.
KM Eleventh rtreet: open untn » p. m.
IC9C Valencia etreet; cpen until * p. ex.
I?T2 Pclk ttreet; cpen until 9 p. ™.
Xcrthwest corner of Tw .--second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until S p. m.
HBBTUG NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1. I. $Vio
O o K —lnstallation of officers THIS A^
EVENING. WM. EL DUBOIS. C. P. *
H. C. GEORGE, Scribe^
KXCi;L?I(JR Degree Lodge No. t, -s*d»^»>
I. 4 . F Hegular :np<-t;r.g 32215*!^
THIS SATURDAY) EVENING.
Th:rd degree. R Klxosponp . p. m.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O. O.
y .:¦ ,••.-•:> and the fur.'-ral
committee of the al.cve todge are
hereby notified to assemble at Odd "»•'
Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
ft*., on SUNDAY. January 14. at 1:30 o'clock
p m for the purpose of attending the fu-
rvral 'of our late brother, GUST. MALECH,
P. G. By order.
CHAS. QUAST. Financial Secretary.
KING Solomon's I>odte No. 260, F. and •
A. M.— The of fleers and members are -^^,
rpCjUetted to attend the funeral of our TCX
deceased brother, CHARLES HAN- ***
6EN BOW'EES. from the Masonic Temple,
correr Port and Montgomery sta, on SUN-
DAY. Jan. 14, 1500. at 1 o'clock p. m.
HARRY BAEUa Secretary.
BT. ANDREW'S Society will ce'.e- . >^
brate the 14: st anniversary of the A Uwj
b:rth - : ROBERT BURNS by a X^XS*
concert ar.d dance at Scottish Hall.
107 Larkln et. en FRIDAY EVENING. 26th
ln?t. WILLIAM BALXAVES. President
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary-
TRIUMPH Lodse No. ISO. A. O. U. W.—
¦ '•-. prs and members, you are n-.tlfied riCji
to meet at your hall. I. O. O. F. build- tvySS
lnp. SUNDAY. Jan. 14, at 1:33 p. m.. ***»•
to attend tli*> funeral cf our late brother,
A. H. UK2CT&
FRANK R. M.VRGETTS, M. W.
J. H. CATTRAX. Recorder.
THE California. IVtris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from'J. F. Cowdery. In the Lucky
Point mm«. near St. Louis, Sierra Co.. to de-
posit tal!:r.frs in a worked-out pit; from Chas.
6. Dlesom. in the Riffle Point claim, at Grass
Klat, t-ierra Co., to deposit tailings in Grass
Flat Ravine: from Morris J. Williams, In the
Weeds Point mine, nfar Camrtonvllle. Yuba
<"0., to deposit tailings' in a ravine, and from
E. A. Moody, in the Ir.sklp placer mine, at
<»old Run, Placer Co., to deposit tallincs In
Squirts Ravine, gives notice that a meeting
will he held at room It. Flood buildlne. San
Kranci«co. Cal.. on January 2J, 1&C»), at 1:30
*>- _ n^
ANNUAL meeting.— The postponed annual
meeting of the stockholders of the KILAUEA
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will I*
held at the office of the company. No. 327
Market etrvet, San Francisco, California, on
THURSDAY, the 2.'th day of January. 1900.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
j>ose of electing a board of directors to serve
lor the ensuing year. ' and the transaction of
each other buslnt-KS as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day. January 13, 1900, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will be held at the office of
the company. £27 Market et, San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 22d <^ay of January.
ISOO. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meetinc. Transfer books win close
on FRIDAY, January 12. ISM. at 3 o'clock
p. Tr.. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing or the stockholders of the UNION IRON
WORKS will be held at the office of the com-
pany. C 22 Market st.. San Francisco, on TUES-
I>AY. January 23. 190). at 11:30 o'clock a, m.,
ior the purpose of electing a board of directors
to »<r\e for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office. 222 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
January !», 1&00.
ANNUAL meeting— The REGULAR ANNUAL
MEETING of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Va!l»y Consolidated RallroadCo. will be held
Bt thf r.fflce of the Company. 327 Market St.,
Fan Frsnc'.sco. Cal.. on MOXDAY. the 15th
<iay cf January. 1900, at the hour of 11:15
•¦'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board cf directors to serve for the ensuing
year aril the transaction of such other busi-
ness a? may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bock* will close on FRIDAY, January 12,
1900. et 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. H ANN AM. Secretary.
BORROW on diamonds: secrecy: nrivate en-
trance: private rm». T'ncle Harris. IS Orant.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASK RY^iTE^yT^rVeatesTait rolo-
r'.st and palmist in the world; satisfaction
ruarartpffl. 4X7 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R. W. KIXG. room 15. flrst floor.
Chronicle building: no advance charges: all
cascy; estates, mortragefi. damages, collec-
tions; bankruptcy: wills, etc., drawn; moder-
ate fees; call or write.
ADVICE fr«-e; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, O. W.
HOWE ttty at law. £10 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVl^li free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. HAVir>?ON*. rrr Market Bt.. ofip. Mason.
F. H. MERZHACH. attorney at law. has re-
*umrd 1,-ractlce Et BCJ Cal. St. Clunle bldg.
L. F. CLARK. Erima Spreclwls bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket rt : cnr;»u'tBt!nn fr«"*: no fees In Rdvanee.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 13— United States Hotel; rooms~sTs«
week up. with txwd $3 tO; suite for two with
board. $12; board. $4 week; zneals, 25c; ele*
vator runs all r.'.ght.
lIOTEL FAIRMOUXT, 17M Market— Elegant
new furniture: first-class In every respect;
table unsurpassed ; hot and cold water: ele-
vatcr; suites, with board for 2. $30 month up.
BUSH, H!!4— Elegant suites and sir.gle rooms;
board; hath; grate; sun; beautiful reception
room; reference*; reasonable.
NEW family hotel: flrst -class In all appolnt-
mtntr; excellent table. K»7 California St.. oc-
cupying corner opposite Grace Church.
••BKLGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny eultos; beet board; for J. $30 up; single, $20.
HAIGHT. ZZ2 — Sunny rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
LAS PALMAS. ISM Market Et— Suite of 1 or 3
nrs.; private; bath; Bin. rms; board optional.
O'FARP.nLL, T«— Clean, comfortable rooms;
goc<l home cooking; special rates to ger.ts.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
pa!r:t!r.gs: s*rr»"-y. Uncle Hrttls. 15 Grant.
DOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ANY amount to loan you on diamonds; low ln-
trre.t. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LAIiT want!< KHaqr furnished rocm: grate;
bath; beard; private; reasonable. Box 4235,
ELDERLY gentlemen wishes to get bosrd and
l'!']glrc Ti-lth home enmtarts. Box 4225. Call.
DOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— To bonrd ?or 3 children! Call "or
a^reni J. D. PUTERHAUGH. SSI Minna st
TO b^ard— An infant <>r small child; $10 per
WWttt. JlO I^xlrtrton aye.
800 XS — N E W AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought~and~'w~hXngedl
Holrr.e, r.ook Co.. TO4 Mlyslrp St.. near Third.
BOOT AND SIIOE BARGAINS^
BOYS' strong shoes. 73c: boys' fine shoes, $1; In-
fants' shoes, 83c; children's shoes, £0c up; la-
die*' sho*s, 11; men's boots, epecial, $1 76. Peo-
l'.<-'s Bboa Pt >re. IMS Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
fSVy— PART cash; partner wanted; flne corner
•vloon: private t-ntrance and rooms; will clear
$75 per month each; Rood man wanted in
prcterr-nc* to hlr*d help. Apply PACIFIC
1016 Market et
a 1*230; PARTNER war.t»d: restaurant; good
hOKert man to attend cash counter and look
after help; nart payment taken out of the
business. STEICBEItG CO.. 56'^ Kearny st
tEo— BLACKSMITH fhop and wagon business-
bargain: on account of departure. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 7774 Market at.
CORNER grocery; a sr.ap; cause, party has
paralysis. COWING * CO.. MS Market st
j;00 TEU month to psrty with $200: money se-
cured. GALE & BENSON. r2O Parrott bldg.
OLD-nSTAI!LIPHED cigar strre; good reasons
fur pellln*.'. ri. E. KUNCS. PCS Broadway.
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply ISI Ellis Et.. or
Curtin & lieale'a. rm. 24, Jd floor. Mills bidg.
GUOCnRT and bar cheap; terminus car line;
no scents. Call or address J. P.. 321S Folsom.
KT r 'Rn flve rooms to let: utock, notions and
Kiatluoery. f" r tale; no ascnis. Box 2581, Call,
DUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— slsoo; SALOON on Market St., close to Sev-
enth; rent net $*0; splendidly paying place:
other engagements cause of sale. It G.
WILKE. 906 Market st '
A— SISOO— CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Add.; flrst-class offer; stock will Invoice $2000;
must be sold In 3 days; owner compelled to
leave for the East Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st. ¦
A— SSSO— BAKERY near McAllister St.; estab-
lished years; all store trade; large fctock;
rent $23; 4 years' lease; 1H barrels per day.
Call It G. WILKE. t'o6 Market St.
$230— FIRST-CLASS florist's store; doing a good
business; splendid location; owner going to
Europe; rent $20; 3 living rooms, furnished.
Call R. G. WILKE. &»> Market st.
A— sC3o; CIGAR and candy store; rent $20; very
best location north of Market st.; a first-class
paying business: large stock. Call R. G.
WILKE. !>« Market st.
A— siW); FRUIT and grocery, with horse and
wagon; dally receipts $20: rent $30: full value
In sight; a splendid chance. Call B, G.
WILKE. So€ Market st.
A— ssoo; GROCERY In Oakland, with horse and
wagon; rent $10: a good-paying business; all
fresh stock. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— s4oo: DELICACY store and branch bakery,
on Larkin st. : rent $15; good-paying business;
fine place for 2 ladlrs or man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
$4000 WILL MAKE
$2200 A YEAR.
Cigar, candy snd stationery store; best
town In Northern California; $12,000
business; $1500 total expenses. Address
box 4245, Call office.
WANTED— Competent man with $25C0 cash to
establish and carry on branch business; $130
per month and expenses; also extra percent-
age; permanent opening: references required.
Address CHAS. MILLER. Boyce building.
Chicago.
GENTLEMAN with some means seeks a lady
companion, similarly situated, to Invest In the
fortunes of Cape Nome; I am a mining ex-
pert and engineer: correspondence solicited.
Address Venture, Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop, complete; cheap for
ciihh; sickness cause. 3480 Twenty-fifth st.
FOR sale — First-class delicacy store; well
stocked: good paying and established flve
years; good chance for 2 parties; 111-health;
$:5&0. For particulars address Business, P. O.
box 234, Sacramento.
PARTNER wanted In meat market; trial given
to party with reference. 124 Fourth st.
CIGAR store; owner has other business; no
agents. 311 Bush st.
TENANT wanted Immediately for branch bak-
ery; fixtures complete. 3116 Twenty-third st.
WANTED— A man with $1200 to $1500 to buy
half-Interest In loan office and Jewelry store;
Is fine paying business; must be watchmaker
and Jeweler: must have first-class references:
can Investigate; reason, wants to enlarge
business; has too much for one man to han-
dle now. Address HAMMOND, 37 East Main
Et., Stockton.
CAPE NOME— Business man with $10,000 or two
men with $3W) each to Join advertiser, who
will put up likeamount. toengageln mercantile
business In Cape Nome; the advertiser has
been in Alaska and has good business connec-
tions in Fan Francisco. C. A., box 4252. Call.
DAIRY for sale— l 3 cows, 2 horses. 1 milk
wagon and route. T. S. NAGLE. 201 Mont-
gomery st. San Joee.
BRANCH bakery and notion store In Western
Addition for sale cheap. Address B. F., box
4574. Call office.
CHOICE business for sale at a bargain; a
beautiful assortment of opals and Mexican
antique curios. Address box 4519. Call office.
WANTED — To lease paper route. Box 4278,
Call office.
$1550—19 ROOMS newly furnished: rent $75:4600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
PLUMBING shep. stock and shop tools in good
location. Box 4292. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and candy store, cheap; call
to-day. 428 Third st.
CHEAP for cash; barber shop. 3 chairs; very
_good trade. Inquire at 1340 Mission st.
STEAM laundry plant; doing good business.
Q. W. LOVIE. Redwood City. Cal.
COFF"EE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1221 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscripltno s has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 4 p. ro. "
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons.
now. eultable dry goods stores. 82S Harrison.
FOR tale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe
and family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter st.
NEWand 2d-handwagons.bugglps, carts and har-
ness. wk. & driving horses, l'th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, burgles, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET DEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 853-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
et.; cleaning. 3c per yard; teL Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
433 Stevenson st. : tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie J 44.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : telephone East 1I«.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
A— PROFESSOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
lie excites the wonder and edmiratlon of th<»
mest skeptical: gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; If In iloubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you: mediums developed In from 3 to 6
menths; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered: hours. 9 to 8; Sunday, 10 to 2.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st. room 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market st. trance,
test medium: life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases: sittings $1.
ARfUVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction guar&nteeed; readings 50c and $1.
239 A. Turk st
i:iIE. JEANETTE. of 512% Leavenworth st.
famous life reader; hours 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth st., r. 12.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis st; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
PROFESSOR ZERA tells past, present and fu-
ture. 263 Third St., near Folsom.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh 6t. Is the original
gypsy life reader: reaflinirs, 25c
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mission, op. Mint.
YOUR future' told by cards, 25c J44 Howard
rt., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212»i Sixth st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
pa'.mlstry. 2tc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
b»nd'« picture. Ssc: Indies. 914 O'Farrell St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN 4-room cottage: sunny; yard and
cellar: rent $16. 18S5 O'Farrell »t.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— By adults, a modern cottage or
flat of 4 or 5 rooms dnd bath, with gas, man-
tel and bay-window; rent net to exceed $16.
Address A. C. box 2390. Call office.
DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. B. HIGGINS' dental" parlors, 527
Market st, over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of >, electricity, gas or
chloroform; alto by local anaesthetics applied
to the sums: the beet and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices: pure gold tilllnes
from $1 up: ctber fillings from Me; badly de-
rayed tetth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
$4 to up; cpen evenings and Sundays'.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell ft. «x-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, tl; received S flrst
prices; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full eet of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
ppecialty; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth St.. :
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL GLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done, painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; "gold crowns,
13 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, » a.' m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c
LOWEST prices In 8. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. . 869 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per week: refer to 6004
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 Bth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open eveninrs and Punrtavs. X.V) Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSMAKER directly from the East would
like a few places to go out by the day; terms
reasonable. Call or address MRS. HATCH,
4SS Geary st
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary st. : dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
DOG HOSPITAL. _^
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore.—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
MARSH system shorthand; lessons 1 hour each
day or evening, $2 50 a week: with application
any student can go through Marsh manual In
Blx weeks. 300 Van Ness aye.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course- on earth;
rapid calculations. TARR, expert accountant,
Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mcch., survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
eßt. 18C4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 533 Market.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st, con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life fcholarshlp $50, Includes all branches.
A— Singing, piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. IZO G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-8.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CLASSES In German, French. Spanish; $2 per
month; appointments by mall. 904 Taylor st.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic.gTammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mlssion.nr.6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farretl st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College. 305 Larkln st. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE 3IINESE~Emp!^ Agency! afllclnds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 58.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 132 L
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
help. 421 Post St.; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
best help. 414^ O' Parrel! St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMAUeT
GOVERNESS wishes position; German-Amer-
ican young lady; thorough musician; piano,
voice culture. German, English, dancing, lit-
erature, or as companion; country; references.
Box 4233, Call office.
WOMAN wishes employment to do general
housework: city or country; wages moderate.
746 Mission Et.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work In fam-
ilies or at home. 917% Sutter st, teL Lar-
kln 9C2.
RESPECTABLE German lady wants to assist
in housework or housekeeping. Call from
10 to 4 at £43 Valencia st
GERMAN girl for upstairs work with family;
no objection to grown-up children. 30S Turk.
REPUTABLE woman wants to do housework;
Is a good plain cook. Apply 79 Jessie st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes .position as house-
keeper. Address box 4S9S. Call office.
YOUNG French lady wishes situation as com-
panion for a lady. Box 4252, CalL
TRAINED nurse, first-class masseuse, will
take care of invalid lady or man; educated In
German and English. Address 642 Fulton
st. ; terms reasonable.
COMPETENT woman wants general house-
work: Ik a good cook and laundress.' Apply
at 513 Ninth St.. Oakland.
YOUNG woman would like upstairs work and
sleep home. 1912 Mission st.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble hou«e of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Housework In a. small family by a
woman from the East: la a good cook. 760
Folsom st.
POSITION wanted by woman physician as doc-
tor's assist; or to care for Invalid at home or
f travel; 6 years' hospital experience East. Ad-
dross F. 8.. Llvermore. Cal.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st near Mar-
ket: 200 -rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to Jj
week; convenient and respectable; fres "bus
•nd bagcace to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubecrtptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kea-
tucky sts.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
Bt 1??3 Polk «t. : open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WAATEO MALE.
WANTED— By man and wife, work on~vine^
yard, orchard or ranch; man thorough on
same; wlfq good cook; reference given. Box
2358. Call office.
WANTED— Position In a liquor store by a
party with a good outside route; good com-
pounder and rectifier; references given. W
T. MAYNARD. 204 Isle st
BARBER wants position In country; 12 years'
experience. Address T. G. ADAMS, 204 Turk
st., room 15. ,
BOOKKEEPER, with knowledge of stenog-
raphy and shorthand, would like a position
Box 4233, Call office.
A STEADY and reliable man, willing to do
most any kind of work, desires a situation; Is
a good cook and understands horses; has best
of references; private place preferred. Ad-
dress 1363 Sacramento st.
MEN'S furnishings goods and hats; wanted,
a position by thoroughly competent man; cus-
tom shirt maker; good references. Address
box 2550, Call office.
MAN wlrhes position; milk or bakery wagon.
Box 4257. Call office. ~*
AN all-around handy man wants position in
wholesale house; steady and reliable; give
him a trial. Box 4166. Call. .
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
RELIABLE eober man wants situation as
coachman and gardener. Janitor or any place
of trurt; first-class references. Address J. J.
641 Bush st.
WANTED— By man and wife, positions; welt
'educated; speak German and English: coun-
try or seaside preferred. Box 4251, Call office.
YOUNG man. age 22, German speaking, would
like work as apprentice In bakery; city or
country. Box 2600, Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier, •
business manager, ordinary clerk or all coml
blned; references unexceptionable. Address box
42C3. Call office.
AN educated man of SO, speaking English and
French, would like a position as attendant
secretary or reader to gentleman, traveling
or stationary. Box 1002, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS plumber and gasfitter would like
i» position In a hotel, factory or wholesale
bouse, doing anything. Box 4SSI, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— By man and wife, a steady position;
country preferred; best of references. Box
4880. Call office. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH otnee for Call advertisements ana
subscriptions nas been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ¦at tha
northweßt corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till Bp. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mall, &oc. 1071H Market
st. San Francisco: examination free.
FLATS TO LET. ~^
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417^4 Third st.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. 715 Grove st.
FLAT to good house carpenter: can take part
rent In work. Address box 4256, Call office.
FLAT to let; 4 rooms, bath, washroom; large
I yard. 1106 Treat aye.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HQWELL. 10 MontgQß cry.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms; bath: gas; sta-
tionary tubs; rent reduced. 331 Tehama st.
SUNNY lower flat 5 rooms and bath; yard;
rent reasonable. 3568 17th st.. near Guerrero.
TWO flats: 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished: 2
ttaths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
2 FLATS. 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished: 2
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
$10—3 ROOMS, yard and cellar; for small fam-
Hy. 1452 Jessie sti, bet. 13th anfl 14th.
$B— LOWER flat of four rooms. 27 Pearl st,
off Market, near Valencia.
BORROAV money of the respectable and rella-
ble house cf UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FBEK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs,
fl. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-13U Stockton
st.. r.ear Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773~Mlsi<lon St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. cODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 737 Mission: tel. Red. 3353.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
1 more waitress, Los Angeles, $23 (special
rates); 1 more waitress, Pasadena. $21 (special
rates); 2 more chambermaids, Coronado Beach,
$20 (special rates): 1 more fancy lroner, Coro-
nado Beach, ?30 (special rates); 2 waitresses,
Fresno, same hotel, $20; waitress and cham-
bermaid to wait, $20, same place; waitress.
Reno, New, $20: waitress, restaurant, $6
week: 20 other waitresses, city and country,
$20; boarding-house cook, city, $25. C. It.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN for general housework: no other
woman In the house: see cartv here at 9
o'clock. C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Parlormaid and waitress. $23: 4
second girls, $20; cashier for restaurant, $7 a
week; 2 nurses. $20; 4 German and Scandi-
navian cooks, plain wash, $30 and $33; also a
large number for sen-ants of all nationalities
for housework In city and country too numer-
ous to advertise, $29 to $»): C hotel waitresses,
$20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Butter Bt.
WANTED — Lady bookkeeper In general mer-
chandise store; must.be competent; wages $15
and board and room. Address box A B, Call
branch office, Oakland.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and baby In family of two; wages
?8 to $12. Apply 1517 Taylor st., near Pacific.
WANTED— An experienced waitress; none but
experienced need apply. 20 Third st, cor.
Stevenson, from 9 to 3.
CHAMBERMAID wanted. 8 Mason st.
WANTED— Respectable girl or woman to assist
In general housework; $10. 1463 Guerrero st.
GIRL for general housework. 1713 Broderlck
Bt., near Bush.
GIRL about 16; assist housework; small family;
near Park. Box 2594, Call office.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Call 1733
Broadway.
GIRL to assist In general housework. Apply
1231 Jackson st.
WANTED— A young girl to do light housework.
Apply 1424 Dolores st.
WANTED— Lady to distribute business cards at
307 California st.
AN American working housekeeper for coun-
try- 1532 Polk st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 2631
Howard st.
Al MILLINER Feb. 20 to July 4; permanent po-
sition If satisfactory. K. Handley, Santa Cruz.
WANTED— Strong young woman of good ap-
pearance who has some knowledge of mas-
sage and anatomy; steady employment for
right party. Address L. A. W., Call office.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware: low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
EXPERIENCED corder and operators on silk
waists. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk st
OPERATORS on overalls; positions for sev-
eral hundred more girls at Levl Strauss' fac-
tory, 32V4 Fremont st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines: experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36V4 Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306. Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cubscrlptlons bas been established at 109S Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky ft«.: nppn until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED MALE.
Teamsters for the Coast road, free- fare, ship
Sunday and Monday; 20 coal miners, 70c a
ton: 6 ranch teamsters, $25; milker, $30, fare
paid, see boss here; harness maker, $1 23 a
day and board.
Head cook, country restaurant, $S5; steward
and head waiter, country, $60; baker,
country hotel, $10 and fare advanced; second
cook for railroad camp. $40;' fry cook, $50;
French waiter, country restaurant, $40. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
VEGETABLEMAN, country hotel, $30 and fare
paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
WANTED— Blacksmith and tool sharpener. $63
and board, see boss In city: American milker,
$30 and found, see boss here this morning;
miner, $2 50 day; wagon am! carriage smith,
$3 day; blacksmith. $2 25 day: blacksmith's
helper. $35 and board; milker and«choreman,
$25; formers, $20. $25 and $26; 3 more wood-
choppers, $1 25 cord, and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Restaurant cook, $20 week; 2 sec-
ond cooks. $30 and $50; baker and pastry cook.
$65; steward. $50; waiters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT" & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED
blacksmith for mine, $65 and found,
see boss here
10 miners $2 per day
2 ranch teamsters $25 and found
woodchoppers, tools and provisions advanced,
good layout, see. boas here; also tiemakers
and shingle bolt makers ior same place; cook
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— 2O woodchoppers, $1 25 cord; good,
' pine timber; half fare paid; monthly pay-
ments: 2 years' work guaranteed. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. ¦ J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
ACTIVE men and women everywhere to take
orders for "Life of Moody," the great evan-
gelist; sells at sight; sample enabling you to
make from $3 to $7 dally, by mall free on re-
quest. Address Globe Bible Pub. Co., 723
Chestnut St., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and Sun-"
day. 327 Fourth st. ; $4 guarantee.
WANTED— Barber for Saturdays and Sundays.
1423 Dupont st.
%"
BARBER for Saturday; $3. 56 Second st. .
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
Cor. Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts.
FIRST-CLASS barber, for Saturday and Sun-
day. 822 Third st
BARBER for Saturday. 7C3 Mission st.
HELP WANTED — MALE. ?./ :
MURRAY^^E*A^»YT??rr?ri^H^N^~IJ\IN"BS4B
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
cheesemaker, $40 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st; see boss at our
office.
WE PAY YOUR FARES TO SAWMILLS. ETC
22 laborers $26 and $20 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
NEW GOOD REDWOOD. PINE AND OAK
225 woodchoppers, 4* ft plne'.".!l!!".*.!*.*.'.si 25 cord
' 4 ft redwood SOc cord
4 ft. oak wood.. sl 50. $125 cord
stove wood.. $3 and $2 cord
posts 2%c each
•• pickets $4 50 1000
195 tlemakers, 6xB, 8 ft. 10c. 12c. 13c each;
tools and provisions furnished In many places.
_MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
14 MINERS, single, also double; steady Jobs.
MURRAY &. READY, 634 and 636 Clay et.
LOOK HERE
34 pruners, orchards and vineyards, $35 and
$26 and found
82 farm hands, milkers $26, $20 and found
9 choremen and boys $25, $20, $15, $10, fd
teamsters and laborers, city jobs
$30, $26 and found
4 stablemen, city and country- -$3O. $25 and fd
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay .St.
HOTEL, Laundry, Butcher, Baker, etc., Dept.
pantryman, country hotel $25 and found
12 waiters, city and country Jobs
$30. $25, $20 and found
4 third bakers' helpers.. s3», $25, $20, $15 and fd
hand laundryman, country hotel $25 and fd
butchers, dishwashers, second cooks; IS cooks,
different places, $30, $45, $40, J35, $30. $25 and
found: milk wagon driver. $25 and found, city
Job. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
AMERICAN farmer and wife $45 and found
farmer and wife, south, no other woman, $30
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
BOOKKEEPER, expert wanted about 2 months
at San Jose, wages $75; older man preferred;
state local recommendations and former posi-
tions. Address WM. SHERMAN. San Jose.
WANTED— Steady man; light work In com-
mission business; must be satisfied with $18
per week; small capital required. 1016 Mar-
ket at. room 10.
CUSTOM pants and vest makers wanted to
work home. 102-4-6 Battery st
TAILORS— Wanted first-class ladles' tailor for
the country; one proficient In all details; must
be good rapid operator; permanent place for
steady, sober man; good wages. Apply to
STEIN. SIMON & CO.
SMART collector and canvasser; Industrial In-
surance; quick promotion. R. RALPH, 511
Montgomery st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver -iouse. 217 Third et: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— A strictly first-class gent's furnish-
ing goods salesman; one capable of taking
charge of dept. Apply from 2 to 3 p. m., 523
Market st. room 7.
WANTED— Several bright boys for work at
home; high or grammar school students pre-
fer'd. Mt. Holyoke Rifle As3n. Holyoke. Mass.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Bernard' s . barber shop.
Seventh and Mission sts.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MAN to solicit for the Weekly North Beach
News; no experience necessary. Apply bli
Filbert st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
60c. ,C 62 Mission st. between Ist and 2d sts.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st. between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice: expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
B. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 16c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Ltndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th-s
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction Rales every Wednesday.
.6ULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME bay mare and English trap; fine
roadster; perfectly safe. NEVADA STA-
BLES, 1330 Market street.
50 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St., bet. Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
THOROUGHBRED brood mare, by Prince Nor-
fork, dam Lady Stasy, cheap; 8 years. 19
City Hall aye.
10 GOOD, sound horses for sale. Eclipse
Stables. 1375 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team, 16V4; 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. Aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, * sent to any address In the
Un.ited Ptates, postpaid, for $1 r*r rear.
HOUSES — LODGING^ FOR SALE.
25 ROOMs7~new and clean. .^..^. ..i.i. %UW
12 rooming and boarding house $330
17 rooms; fine location 450
18-room house; good transient 750
tO rooms; clears $359 3250
A special bargain; 10- room house, central lo-
cation; new and clean; good Income, etc.
Money loaned. Gale & Benson. 320 Parrott big.
A— s6CoO; 50 r. ; Pine. S1S0O; 2S r.; down town.
$500; 10 r.; Powell. $1500; 34 r; paying.
JJ3000; 30 r.; Sntter st. tCOOO; Eddy. nr. Markt.
$1000; 21 rooms: nice. $630; 12 r. ; respectable.
' $S00; 13 r.; good house. $1300; «0 r.: Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
WANTED— Reliable tenants: 5 new houses, 40
to 200 rooms. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Mar-
ket st.
32 ROOMS, new furniture; rent $100; half cash,
bal. 1 per cent. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
21 ROOMS: fine transient: a big bargain, $850.
C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market at.
37 ROOMS: Taylor St.. nr. Sutter: will suit nice
family: half cash. $2400. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
9 ROOMS, house, Jor.es. r. $32 50. $323: 29 rms..
house, Jones, r. $3f\ $1150; 9 rms.. Post, nice
and sunny, good furniture. $350; money to
loan. C. D. DAVTS. 1104 Market st.
14 ROOMS; well furnished: rent $40 $330
21 rooms; all rented: rent $15 — 300
40 rooms; fine location: rent $75 1000
100 rooms at great bargain: rent $200 3600
65 r.: rent $100; $1700. BASILE, 3 Eddy St.
A — 43 SUNNY rooms on two floors: best down-
town corner north of Market; paying well.
S. C. box 4218. Call.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market: $200 up; 7 to 93
rooms; easy terms on any house.
I HAVE calls every day for 10 to 14 room
houses. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 rooms for sale, all oc-
cupied, at 2 Washington st.
HOUSE of 32 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 704 Howard st.. corner Third. '>s«
TO LET— 9-room house: 313\4 O'Farrell st?
near Mason; rear entrance. Apply 15 Gran*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES JO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for dr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease;
centrally located; 5 bedrooms; large parlors;
music and dining rooms, etc.; 10 minutes'
•walk to Kearny Bt.; large grounds; rent $125.
Address, with full name. T. L. HALL, office
317 Mission »t.
BROADWAY, 193t between Laguna and Bu-
chanan sts. — Elegant house of 12 rooms; bath,
servants' room, etc.; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery street
FINE bay-window house. 7 rooms and bath,
high basement; fine flower garden: 1731 Bu-
chanan' St., near Sutter. Apply 623 Golden
Gate aye. ¦
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: large yard: rent $37 50.
SMALL house: rent reasonable. 10 Lily aye.:
Key at 113 Oak st.
9-ROOM house; 313 V& O'Farrell st. near Mason.
rear entrance: fine location. Apply 15 Grant
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels: polite at-
tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
SUNNY modern house. 7 rooms and bath; finely
furnished. Call between 10 and 13 at 1711
Webster st.
LOST AND FOUND.
CERTIFICATE deposit «^i^evada~National
Bank of San Francisco. No. 63.U9, favor E.
L. STRAUSS and transferred to EMILY
STRAUSS, for $250. All persons warned
against negotiating. Return E. L. STRAUSS
Pacific Stock Exchange.
FOUND— Plain black cape. Inquire at 300
Fourth st.
FOUND— Black cocker spaniel; owner can have
upon paying expenses. 17 Russ st
IF the gentleman who found the black and
white pup on Pine or Larkln st. on Thursday
will kindly return It to 1025 Pine st he will
receive reward.
LOST— On Twenty-second and Mission sta. a
bank book. The finder please return to 2636
Mission st; reward.
STOLEN— Lady's Persian lamb cape, trimmed
round bottom with bear fur: lined with blue
plaid silk: reward $20. 411 7th st. Oakland.
LOST— Male pug dog. Return to 1214 Howard
st. and receive reward.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; prl-
! vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
DR. COLLIER, the world-renown pile special-
ist, is In the city and will treat all rectal dis-
eases without use of knife; chronic cases pre-
ferred; consultation free; success guaranteed;
any former patients in need of treatment call
and be treated free. 435 Fourth st. room 14;
office hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8; will call at resi-
dence.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market st. between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours. 9 to 6. -
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office $5; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy st. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $3; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyd* and Lar-
kln: hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call at 1023H Market st.
DR. POPPER. ladies' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $3; consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $i.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. to II p. m. ; at residence, 22S Van Ness
aye.. 6 to 9 p. m. ; guaranteed treatment. $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 111S Market
St.; every case guaranteed; $3 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st. bet. Hyd»
and Larkln: hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to *.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases cf the human body. 115 Mason st.
METAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy,
occultism: free clinic Tues. evg. 305 Larkln.
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers-
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 50 cents per share or monthly Install-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bta
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tel. Main 841.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
CONCERT size guitar for $14; cost originally
$30. At UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
FOR sale— Typewriter: good order. Apply 630
Market st. rear office.
A BARGAIN— Light top buggy In good condi-
tion. 1031 McAllister st.
FRESH Holstetn cow; rich milk; gentle; sell
or exchange for dry cow. 1312 Folsom st.
FOR sale— A brand new 30.30 Marlln rifle, with
200 cartridges; cheap. Inquire between 3 and
4 o'clock p. m., at 732 Howard st. ; basement.
DOGS— Grand collection of high-bred collies, all
ages, from prize winners; cheap. Apply C. D.
NAIRN. Lawrence. Cal.
A— BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 218 Spear street.
FOR sale— Complete restaurant outfit Inquire
232 Sixth st.
FOR sale— 2 black and tan thoroughbred pups,
3 months old. WM. QUEEN. 713 Mission st.
ROSEWOOD guitar, perfect tone: original cost
$25; price $3. Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny.
COMBINATION table, complete, cheap; also
billiard balls and cues. Apply 757 Harrison.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by (buy) SORENSEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c, 103 Sixth, below Mission.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', tha
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. IC9-H1 Market st. S. F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
833 Market st. San Francisco.
A-$3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters,* S3o Kearny st. nr. Pine.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes.
Iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st
NEW style Singer sewing machines; 5 drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplier,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. .417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
10,000 "OLD "brick, cleaned and delivered. Box
4250, Call.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. 525 Dupont, nr. Calif.
WANTED — Painters' falls: call early. J25
Oclden Gate aye.
MONEY TO LOAN.
RESPECTABLE, responsible, reliable money
lending house; lowest rates; established
1851: our own flreoroof building; orlvate en-
trance; private rooms. UNCLE HARAIS. 15
Grant aye.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per ctnt. flrst,
second mortgages, estates In probate, <u:.»rest
In estates, legacies, life insurance; cbkttel
mortgages; confidential; a-lvice frse. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. flrst floor. Chronicle bldg. ¦
AVOID delays; try all ethers, then see me; UQ
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2.1 or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In p.o-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery. 1. 2.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4« Markst
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
MOST r«?'lable "lace to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTIIAI* 1& Sixth;
highest prices for old .fold silver, dlamor.ds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture au4
pianos; no removal: low rj«t;a; confidential.
BONELLI. Con*erva;orr bids. V.'> Powell st
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9, respectable private puce
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
eervlce; money direct; lowest Interest; K.om>
63 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate. Ist or Ind mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 2S Montgomery st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott bulletins.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not* without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan ..uiMinir.
$50 TO $50.0C0; lowest rates: Ist and 2u .nortga.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MUKPHY. 000 Market st.
MONEY WANTED. "1
WANTED— S6OOO on undivided interest on Im-
proved Inside San Francisco property: pro-
bated: worth $SQO.GOO; on flrst mortgage for a
long term; title clear: principals only. Address
stating lowest rate of Interest, F. G. H.. Call
office, Oakland.
MfSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and lew-priced pianos
wnere they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purctii-ra
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3 $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor. Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ARSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE' 3,
26. IS and 20 O'Farrall st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all graJes
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dono to please and satisfy Mi*
customer.
KNABE pianns; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER Sl CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
WHY buy a cheap-grade piano when you can
get a fine "Uaby" Decker for $325. paying $1)
per month. If you want to, at MAUVAIS". 76»
Market «t.
GREAT bargains In new and second-hand pl-
anos at MAUVAI3'. 763 Market at.
LARGE stock of Raid-win and other standard
pianos; price* reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
ALL makes for a short time only.
H. $4. $4. $». $4. $? per month.
2 Chlckerlngs. 2 SteSnways. 1 Vose & Sons and
BO other slightly used high and medium grada
pianos: special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellla st
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg": pro-
nounced by experts the best In S. F. ; nearly
new. of solid construction; wonderful power
and sweetness cf tone: value $800; to be sold
for only 1300 cash. 1236 Market st. room 121.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., S6O Hayes st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ISI3 Market st.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1319 Powell.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only $60 caob;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright 'piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. 6CKMITZ. It
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repnlrer. t Latham p!ac»
OFFICES AND STORES TO LfciT.
TO let— Fine store, with high and dry cellar.
In the best retail portion of Market «t By
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st.
STORE reduced from $43 to $23. S. E. cor.
Howard and Tenth sts. ; 4 rooms.
$20— STORE; 2 show windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st
LARGE, elegant store. OS3 Valencia street; busi-
ness center: low rent.
PARTNERS WANTED,
HALF Interest In paying and well established
mfg. bus.; capital required. $300. SCHWELN-
HARD & CO.. rooms 2-3. 1007>* Market st
WANTED— Partner for a barber shop. ?£
Grove st.
PERSONALS.
MAGGIE FElL— Please s<end your address
your sister CHRISTINA, care Call office.
CHAS. EPERSON of Arizona would like to sea
his sister. MRS. WALTER ANDERSON, at
Russ House, room 146, or leave her address.
WANTED— lnformation, or to know the where-
abouts of GEO. BYNG. Address box 2332.
Call office.
PARALYSIS and all nervous diseases and to
which lead ossification, thickening, contracted
muscles and stiff Joints, cured. Hard tum.irs
and all abnormal enlargements. Ladles who
have been unsuccessfully treated come to me.
Rheumatism In all forms. Skin diseases, scrof-
ula, eczema and all skin diseases In their most
loathsome form, consumption and all lun« dis-
eases, all old standing chronic diseases where
doctors and medicine have failed. No druss.
No knife. Different from any other treatment.
Call or write us for references and form of
treatment. Consultation free. DR. L, J.
STRATTON. 507, 60S and 509 Parrott Building.
San Francisco (over the Emporium).
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper for club of gentlemen or small privat«
family; excellent cook; authentic city refer-
ence. A. E. F., 2120 Hush st.
ELLEN O'DONNELL having left my bed and
board. I. MICHAEL O'DONNELL. will not
be responsible for debts contracted by her.
Should she wish to come honte she can do so.
7 Eureka st.
IF you are bothered with rheumatism or kidney
trouble call at 17 Powell st. and get a fre»
sample of Dr. Craig's Rheumatic Cure; It
positively cures.
PRIVATE detective worK; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 113 Eddy st
LEDERER'S Quintonica is a perfect hair tonic.
35c bot.; Lederer"s Foamo Shampoo has no
equal. 5c pkg: Lederer uses no other. 123 Stktn.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 104 Sutter st. Laws a Specialty.
Ban Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
LEDERER Is par excellence, the hairdresser of
San Francisco: latest styles only, 25c: mani-
curing. 25c; massaging. $1; good switches. $1;
fine. $2 50; open Sun.. 9 to 12 a. m. 123 Stktn.
A FINE suit to order $10 75, or pants $3 73; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell cheaper
than ready made. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st.
bet. 7th and Bth. prop. One-price Tailoring;
Co.; £32 Kearny st, near Sacto; also 1644 Mar-
ket st.. under St. Nicholas.
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest
All kinds repaired and for sale at 342 Sutter.
FOR ten days, photos given Baxter can be r»-
covered. Address 104 Ninth st.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROSI3. 27 Ninth.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lng call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
carpets, old gold: send for him. 606 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-oft clothing and brlc-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 203 Third st. : send postal.
HIRSL'TINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf"g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler, 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
$3730— L0T and 3-stcry brick house; sunny sld»
South Park, near Third St.; 8 rooms: also
large shop In rear yard. By WM. HEN-
DRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sale- on
Pierce and Waller sts.. near Halght: over 30
houses sold In same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 room*;
latest Improvements: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
ASTONISHING offer: $30 to iizlpeT~Hcre^Tto
200 acres: size tracts to suit; rash, easy terms
or might take part In exchange- alt very
finest: highly cultivated level loam: in moat
desirable location; within 2!-i miles, by level
sprinkled road, from Napa; unsurpassed for
• fruit, vineyard, olives, nuts, corn. etc. ; now
raising Immense crops of grain; uritqualed
for poultry business: 2 living creeks: abund-
ance well water: complete of buildings: scat-
tering large oaks; would be cheap even at
$100 per acre: better than stated.
N. D. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT.
10 Geary st.. opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F\
A LIST of Special Bargains— When sending for
my catalogue always state about what Is
wanted, amount to. Invest, etc. : I'll then als,>
furnish ;a specially prepared list of ''snap"
bargains near what you want, not In cata-
logue. While I make a special feature of
Napa and Sonoma County places. I'm person-
ally acquainted with over SssCO ranches for
sale or exchange In California— moro than any
other ten agents In the State. I travel nearly
all the time. Inspecting country property.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent
10 Geary st. opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. P.
SANTA CLARA Valley fruit] farming and
stock lands: owner's sale in tracts of S to SCO
acres: easy terms, or will exchange for San
Franc:«co property. Apply to C H PHIL-
LIPS and G. C. VACHELL. 20 Monteomery
st. between 11 a. m. and 2 p. tn. dally.
LOT 23x123; located en Main st Stockton;
price $173; cheap at $400. PACIFIC EX-
CHANGE. 1016 Market st.
MILLBRAE lots and block*: fenced; water
works. BUTTERFIELD. 927 Market st.
T E2.v!l.!?r i cre up: farHl »¦*•• fr «« far «- m-
GRIFFEN. Tl3 Market st. near Cs.ll bulidln*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
12Oak Tran 65... 11194113 I
Oak W Co 65.. 105 106^1
Oceanic SS C0.10314104V4
Dm C Ry 65... — 128H
P & a Ry 65..104tt105H
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 69 — 121
Sac El GARSs — —
8 F & N P 63.113 . —
8 F & SJV 63.115 115V4
S Ry of Cal 6s. 107&109
S P of A 65. ...110 —
S P C 68(1905). 103 110
S P C 6s(1906).lll —
SP C 65(1912). — —
SPCIs eg 6s. — —
S P Br 6s 124^124%
8 V Wat 65. ...114% —
S V Wat 4a.... 10314103%
S V W4s(3dm).lQl& —
Stktn Gas 65.. 101 105
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 74 74Vi
Hariri County.. W» —
Spring Valley.. 95% 95H
Gas & Electric—
Cent Gas C 0... — —
Btreet Railroads—
California U7H120
Geary-st fiO —
Market-st Ry.. 61Vi 62
OS L & H.... — 50
Presidio 17V4 25
Powder Stocks —
California 160 175
E Dynamite... 85 —
Giant Con Co.. 94H 96
Vlgorit 2% >
Sugar Stocks—
Hana P C 0.... 7H 7%
Haw C& S Co. 87 —
Honokaa 8 Co. — 31
Hutch S P Co. 2'M —
Kilauea 8 Co.. 234 20
Makawell S Co 41', 441&
Onomea S Co.. 27T» —
Paauhau S Co. 23H 29
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack A55n.119%130
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanlo S Co.. 93 93%
Pac A F A IV4 2V*
Pac C Bor C 0. .146 —
Par Paint Co.. 9H —
Momlns Session.
Board—
85 Giant Powder Con 95 60
60 Giant Powder Con 95 25
60 Hana Plantation Co 7 75
150 Honokaa Sugar Co 81 25
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 60
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 37&
60 Hutchinson S P Co 27 15
60 Kilauea S P Co 22 00
40 Makaweli Sugar Co 44 25
10 Market Street Railway 61 37ft
60 Market Street Railway 61 50
40 Onomea Sugar Co 27 50
10 Onomea Sugar Co 27 75
50 Onomea Supar Co 27 62H
200 Paauhau S P Co 2S 50
210 S F Gas & Electric Co fij 00
20 Spring Valley Water 94 50
6 Spring Valley Water 94 75
10 Spring Valley Water 95 00
$2000 Spring Valley 4's (2d mortgage).... lo3 50 "
Street—
25 Onomea Sugar Co 27 SO
$3000 S P Branch Railway 6s 124 60
Afternoon Session.
Board—
85 Contra Costa "Water 74 25
15 Cftntra Costa Water 74 JO
110 Hana Plantation Co 7 75
60 Hana Plantation Co 7 62%
80 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar./.....: 87 00
25 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 EO
E5 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 23
10 Makawell Sugar Co «... 44 50
60 Market Street Railway 61 75
$1000 Market Street Ry Ist con 6's 117 00
30 Oceanic S S Co 92 75
20 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 00
li) Paauhau S P Co 28 60
15 Paauhau S P Co 28 75
15 Paauhau 8 P Co.. 23 62}J
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 75
19 8 F Gas & Electric Co Bi 50
$3000 S P Branch Railway 6's 124 50
25 Spring Valley Water 95 00
10 Spring Valley "Water 95 25
$1000 Spring Valley 6"s 115 00
J3OOO Spring Valley 6"s ...114 87&
. Street— J
$2000 Oceanic S S Bonds ioj 73
$7000 S F & N P Railway Bonds 113 00
SAN FRANCISCO 6TOCK AND EXCHANGE
• Board —
150 Equitable Gas 5 00
10 Giant Powder Con 9575
6 Giant Powder Con 95 871^
15 Giant Powder Con 95 00
10 Giant Powder Con.. 86 12^
6 Giant Powder Con 94 25
100 Paauhau Susar Co. s 30 27 60
200 Paauhau Sugar Co. s 90 27 25
E0 S F Gas & Electric Co 62 87ft
60 S F Gas & Electric Co e2 25
10 Oceanic S S Co.; 92 00
$5000 Los Angeles Railway 6's 104 62}4
10 Spring Valley Water 94 00
10. Spring Valley Water >3 S7H
Afternoon Session.
Board— v;..'":
25 Giant Powder Con 94 00
100'Paauhau Sugar Co, s SO 28 00
100 Equitable Ga5........ 5 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
20 Spring Valley Water 94 75
10 Spring Valley Water 95 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co ....53 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. "
Morning Session. "C.
Board— ¦
: 200 Burlington '. 1 00
200 Burlington 105
600 Dominion 40
' 600 Dominion • 45
• 100 National 6 EO
100 National 6 37H
fSif3 pi M3'^ S. S. Moana sails -via
Honolulu and Auck-
mrstbMMm^i lane! for Sy( j aey Wed .
d — -s, nesday. Jan. 24. at S
fvX I • p. m.
rStaSmSrilOc^ The s - S- Australia
1 £.. «»«'» 'or Honolulu
(o?i(f)3fZy~ Wednesday. Feb. 7.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
L D. SPKECKELS& BHOS.Ca.Agts.. 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacinc St. Freight Ortce. 327 Market St
COMPAQHIE GE3ZRALE TBAK3ATLASTIQTrB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday • Instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1&99. at -•^* ; '«»
19 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. La AQLITAINE. Jan. 1?: LA OA3-
COGXE. Jan. 25; LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1;
LA BRETAGNE. Feb. 8. First-class to Havre,
$60 and upward: 3 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $15: 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMER 3 "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. ex.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, eto. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnz.
HONGKONG MARU...- Tuesday. Jan. II
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. »
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^k Steamers l»ave Broadway
wan^ wharf, San Francisco:
Btfjk&g§fit Fcr Alaskan ports. 19 a. m..
P¥*K9v?sh Jan - •¦ v - 1S - :i - 23 - S1 - Ffib -
E^toaVtO 6. Chansre to company" ssteam-
fi^JvCW *iJI em tt Seattle.
jgS&rfjS^l " For Victoria. Vancotrrsr
r (B. C). Port Town3end, Seat-
SJS tie, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom,
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Jan. f,
11. 18. tl. M. «. Feb. 5. and every fifth day.
thereafter; change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y.; at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jan,
». 14. 19. 24. ». Feb. I. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crus, Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Oaviot*.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. »
a. m.. Jan. 7. 11, 15, 19. 23. 17. U. Feb. 4. and
every'fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping 1 only at Pert Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anereles), II a.
m., Jan. 5. ». 13, 17. 11. 15, ». Feb. i and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Ban Jose dsl
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Hex.). 10 a. m., 7tn of each
month. .
For farther Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to ehanr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without preylrrem notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteO.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Oen. A*ts..
10 Market st.. Pan Frandsca
United States Coast and Geodetlo Surrey-
Times and Heights of Hleh and Low
Waters at' Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonlo
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of King Solomon's. Lodge
No. 260, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate Camp
No. 64, Woodmen of the World, are requested
to attend the funeral of our late neighbor,
Carl H. Bowers, from the Masonic Temple
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock. By order
ot F. P. PHELPS. C. C.
DELEHANTY— In this city. January 12, 1900.
Hanora. beloved wife of the late Edmond
Delehanty. late of Rio Vista, and mother of
Joseph. Mary. Annie. Ellen. Edward. Lizzie,
Katie and John Delehanty, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 60 yeara. (Boston Pilot
please copy.)
EJTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 402 Sanchez street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EGAN-In this city, January 13, 1900. Thomas,
beloved brother of Patrick Egan. a native of
County Roscommon. Ireland, aged S3 years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
CONNOR-In this city. January- 10, 1900, Law-
rence Connor, beloved husband of Mary Con-
¦ nor, and father of Thomas Connor, a native
of County Meath, Ireland, aged 63 years and
8 months. A\member of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 14. A. O. U. W.
(t^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1560 Fell street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall. Seventh and Market streets,
where services will ¦be held under the aus-
pices of Golden Gate Lodge No. 204. I. O. O.
F.. commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
FICKEN— In this city, January 11, 1900. Martin
J. Flcken. father of James Malcoln Flcken,
a native of New York, aged 47 years. (New
York papers please copy.)
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. \V. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
HAHN-FENTON— In Oakland. January 11, 1900.
Louis Henry Hahn, only child of Mrs. Metta
M. Fenton, a native of Oakland. Cal., aged
14 years 11 months and E days. .
HEIDOHRN— In this city, January 12, 1900,
Willie, dearly beloved son of John and Anna
Heidchrn, and brother of Annie, -Minnie.
Katie, John, Henry. Lucy and George Hel-
dohrn, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years.
JONES— In this city, January 11, 1900, "William
H., dearly beloved husband of BeßSle Jones,
a native of Ohio, aged 37 years and 3 months.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 622 Twentieth street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, where services will be conducted un-
der the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
204, I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
KEYS— In Sulsun. Cal.. January 11. 1900. Laura
Eugenia, wife of James A. Keys, mother of
Marguerite, Genevleve, Emellne, Madeline
and Luclle Keys, and daughter of B. H.
Goodwin, a native of Falrfleld. Cal., aged 31
years 7 months and 9 days.
(£7* The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from St. Al-
phonsus Catholic Church, Suisun, when a
Eolemn requiem high mass will be celebrated.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral.
LIVINGSTON— In this city, January 11, 1900,
Louis, beloved husband of Eleanor Llvlng-
eton. and brother of Michael and Luke Liv-
ingston of San Francisco and Abe Livingston,
Mrs. Llchtensteder, Mrs. Kramer and Mrs.
Swartz of New York, a native of New, York,
ttged £7 years. (New York papers please copy.)
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Elks' Hall, cor-
ner Sutter street and Grant avenue, under the
auspices of San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B.
P. O. B. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOMBARDI— In this city. January 11. 1900,
Emll Lombardl. dearly beloved brother of
Sebastian Lombardl and Mrs. Adellna Lom-
bardi, a native of Switzerland, aged 35 years
7 months and 21 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street, near Union, thence to New Italian
Cemetery.
LYNCH-In this city. January 11. 1900. Sarah,
wife of M. C. Lynch, daughter of Mrs.
Thomas Kelly, and sister of Mrs. Martin
Ryan, Mrs. Matt Carroll and Rose, Winifred,
Esther and Frank Kelly, a native of Canada,
ajjed 34 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1023 Valencia street, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 6 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from
Twenty-flfth and Valencia streets.
McKENNA— In this city, January 12, 1900, at
his residence. 901 Guerrero street, William,
beloved husband of Catharine G. McKenna,
and father of William V., Thomas R., Charles
A. and Mary A. McKenna. a native of Ire-
land, aged 70 years 6 months and 20 days.
MALECH— At his residence, 521 Van Ness ave-
nue. January 10, 1900. Dr. Gustav Herman
Malech, beloved father of Dr. Herman F..
Theodore G. and John George Malech and
Mrs. William F. Clark, a natiye of Weida,
Sachsen Weimar, Germany, aged 80 years.
(San Jose, Cal., and Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F. Cremated at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
MOORE— In this city, January 11, 1900. at the
residence of her daughter, 805 Fourteenth
street, Caroline Leonora Moore (nee Rodgers),
dearly beloved wife of William F. Moore,
and mother of William F. Jr. and Albert
Moore, Mrs. A. E. Walker. Mrs. A. H. Jooet
and the late Frank. Estelle. John and Lizzie
Moore, a native of Hessen-Cassel. Germany,
aced 63 years 2 months and 27 days. (Chi-
cago papers please copy.)
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MUSGRAVE— In Oakland, January 11, 1900,
Mrs. Margaret Musgrave, beloved mother of
Dr. R. W. Musgrave of Hanford, Mrs. Mary
E. Tuck and Mrs. Margaret Payne,, a native
of Ireland, aged 66 years.
POPPE— In this city, January 12, 1900, at her
residence, 926 Shotwell street. Augusta, be-
loved wife of the late Charles L. Poppe, a
native of Germany.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SASSELLA— In Oakland, January 10, 1900, Mary
D. Sassella, beloved wife of Peter, and mother
of Anton and Jennie Sassella, a native of
Switzerland, aged 46 years 6 months and 6
days.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 716^4 Second street, thence- to the
Church of the Immaculate Conception for
services. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
SCHILLING— In this city, January 11, 1900
Adam J. Schilling Jr., dearly beloved son of
Anna and the late Adam Schilling, and be-
loved brother of George, Joseph, Sophie and
Anna Schilling and Mrs. Bertha Shelley, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 2
months and 13 days. A member of St. Paulus
Soclttj-.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother. 4805 Eighteenth street
•near Hattle. thence to St. Boniface's Church.
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, where
services will be held, commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage.
BEVERENA— In this city. January 10, 1900, at
St. Joseph's Home Hospital, Sister Maria
Severena (Zahn). a native of Baden. Ger-
many, aced 28 years and 3 months.
, cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from the chapel of St. Joseph's
Home. Park Hill, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
cf her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train.
SHANKLAND— In this city, January 12, 1900
Robert Shankland, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 79 years.
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641
Sacramento street. • ,
SIARONI— In this city. January 1L 1900, Caro-
lina Siaronl, beloved wife of Charles Siar-
onl, mr.th.-r of Rlnalflo and Achllle Slaroni
and sister-in-law of Mrs. R. Bulottl. a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 43 years 3 months
and 6 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. 1120 Kearny street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery;
TERRY— In Alturla. Cal.. January U, isoo.
Reel B. Terry, aged 40 years.
Ityinterment private.
WIEBALK —In Alameda, January 11, 1500
Gretchen. dearly beloved wife of the late
Ernest N. D. Wlebalk. mother of Mrs. F
Scharnlnghausen. August and Anna Wle-
balk and Mrs. C. Nold. and sister of August
Warnecke, Mrs. J. Plath and Mrs. F. Kell.
a native of Bremervorde. Germany, aged 62
years and 19 days. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers
Please copy.)
JET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow*
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resl
dence, . 1837 San Antonio avenue, corner of La
fayette street. Interment Masonic Cemeter;
at 2 o'clock. ¦ ' .- ¦ ¦¦ . -..-*. -
Iti: AL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
T^n. rer.t. near Haywards. 10-acre fruit and
chicken ranch: well Improved. 2S2< Sixteenth
>t.. near Howard.
KA>CU TO _}*]^
FoR rent— Ranch cf 10 acres, with house and
tarns;. suitable for rr.Uk or chicken ranch:
running strram of rrcter: back of Glen Park.
Inquire JOOST BROS.. Mission and Eleventh
r'.f.. rr Corbett road. Eunnyslde Saloon.
UOOMS I'Oll nOfcSEKICEPIXCfc
HUSH, IT2G— Two punry front rooms; furnished
fcr ligtu houspkrei'.ng; adults cr.ly.
CLAFPIFIEI> sd\-ertisement« and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce, £230 Flllmore st.
CLAY. 2421 ncrr Fllimore— 2 large unfurnl»aed
room*: y*'rd; water; rear: rent V.
LEAVnNVV'P.TH. 223— Larpe unfurnished bay-
»ind-.w room; housekeeping; adults; $10.
MINNA, 2>— .Sur.ny fumlfhed housekeeping and
tingle roon-.s. ~lc and $1 ver week.
OaK, S v — Two cory unfurnished housekeeping
rooms cheaj^: sun all day.
POLK. IC3s— Light room; gas, running water;
bath: 15 per month; private.
BTITV'ENSON. «42, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
above O3<l Fellows' Ha!l. near r.ew post offlce
—Two furnished housekeeping rooms; bath;
central.
STOCKTON. 711— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping. 17 to SS a month; other cheap rooms.
VAN NKPS aye.. 400— 3 connecting sunny rooms:
larpe yard: stationary tubs; northeast corner;
well furnished.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
t'.seir< Et* and subscriptiens has been opened
st ::.. PcTk et; open until S p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•übccr.pUcss has bees established at 1C96 Va-
let cU St.
A BRANCH efflee for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons baa been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tt«.: rren until ? p. m.
ROOMS TO LET— Porn, and luforn.
H^BR^rS^WICvTTiOCSE. 148~V:xth^Rooms
tic to II per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor ets.—
Homelike house; modem ttrvice; elevator;
bath : rooms 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KIXQ.
BORROW on pianoe, furniture, diamonds,
ra'.r.ticcs; eecrecy. Unc'e Harris, 15 Grant ay.
BURNETT. 1428 Market ft. told No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 831H (The Olympic)— Sunny rooms;
double. II per week.
CALIFORNIA, 14D«— Nice sunny bay-window
room, suitable for two gentlemen; gas and
use of bath.
CAHP.OLTON, 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well fum.: rms. & offices.
CLARA. KO. bet. Fifth ana Sixth— Large sunny
fror.t room, furnished suitable for man and
wife or two gentlemen. In private family.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
EDDY, E32— Furnished end unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH. 137— Pleasant, runny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 965. corner Sixth (The OllverJ— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new m«rt.
FOURTH. 2Cs— Nice front room, suitable for 2;
also ti.-vi'.e.
GEARY. MS <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, 132 Spver.th— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
GRANP SOUTHERN, southeast ccr. Seventh
and M:»f=icn et*. — Sunny r>cms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor;, reading room; elevator.
HANi^^K House. 7« Mi*«=lon— Select family
rooming house; SI M> to $6 per week.
HA) ES. 136. cor. Van Ness— Front eunny fur-
rii^hed room, suitable for gentleman; $6.
II 1 'WARD. 715—200 eur.ny rocms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, S2J— Clean, respectable ; 25c-$l per
r.ipht; 11-J3 per week; Howard cars to door.
JESSIE. 273, rear Mint— Furnished rooms, $0
and t".
MINNA. CCT. corner Elphth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
ROSEDALE. 321 E'.lls, near Taylor— loo rooms;
25c a night: tl a week ; transient.
ROYAL, House, 126 Ellin ft.— lncandescent light.
reading room, fmoklng rocrn and ladies' par-
i'.r; roomn, per njcht. «5r to II 50; week. 12 to
t>: rnorth. JS to J39; elevator en office floor;
rooms with hot end cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
r'-ar Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
6UTTER. 2002. cer. Flllmore— 1 large eunny
front room; also 2 smaller sunny front rooms;
furnished or unfurnished: light housekeeping
(t otherwise: house newly furnished.
THE Oaks. II? Third— A good rooming house
for rood i*cple. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
VAN KESS aye.. 3C*— Elegant suites, single
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist.
VAN NEfS aye., ?44— Elepantly furnished and
unfurnished rooms, with board; price reason-
able.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements an<i subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Pott et.; open till S p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
puhscriptions has been established at lCfr6 Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements anl
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky t-ts. ; open till 9 p. m.
11 OO MS WANTED.
IN return for le««ons In bookkeeping, short-
hand. Er-jrlish, French or Latin. Box 4260.
Call of floe. __^
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum, Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
phan pirls and boys have been admitted to
the Institution from July 1. 1b33. to Jan. 1,
JW'B: Anna 11. Clp-mens, 10 yrs. 3 mos.; The-
resa C. Clemens. 6 yrs. 1 mo.; Petra M.
Clemens. 2 yrs. S> mos. ; Margaret Peterson, 7
j-r*. 11 moe.; Marguerite K«?mpf. 4 yrs. 3 mos.;
fcarah V. Nicol. 12 yrs. 10 raus.: Nina E. Mil-
ler, « yrs. 1 mo.; Emily E. Reed, i yrs. 10
rr-s.; Margaret Brooks, 11 yrs. 3 rnos • Mary
Brock*, 10 ; rs. 2 mcs.; Ethel Brooks. 5 yrs
1 raos.; Slbella Bank. S yrs.; Cruz Isura, i
yn>. 4 mos.; I'-osol Isura. k yrs. 6 mos.- Vin-
cent Isura, 7 yrs. 7 mos.; Alvtn C. Rupky
11 yr). 7 moe.; Carl S. Bonlcke, S yrs. 11 mos ¦
Frar.k Bonicke. 7 yrs. < moa.; John
Peterron, S yrs. 11 mow.; Charles Pet-
erson. 4 yrs. 5 mos.; William Peterson,
2 yrg. C mos.; Victor Olsen. 15 yrs • Myron
A. Day. i yrs. 11 mos.: Henry E. Day 7 yrs
10 mo*.; Charles K. Pewter, 7 yrs *7 mos '•
Lincoln G. Foster. 2 yrs. 10 noi.; Geonte
Ken:rif. 4 yre. Z mos.; William Pauli 10 yri
. * mos.; Rudolph, 6 yrs. 6 m<«.; George V
Nicol. S yre. 2 mos.; Walter F. Nicol 4 vr«'
« mos.; WiUlara J. Riddle. 6 yrs.; Lpsl'e L
Riddle, S yre.: Frank Madden. 10 yr*. 3 Ai O s •
Galen Clark. 14 yrs. 5 mos.; Percy L. Miller'
7 >r». 11 mos.: George F. Farley 8 irt *
mos. : Percy «. Reed. 4 yrs. 3 moe.; Julius' J
Lindner, 2 yrs. 1 moa. : Walter Brooks 7 yrs'
4 mos.; George P-ank. 1 yr. 6 moe., and Will
11am Kerr. 4 yrs. "
MARY P. MacCRELLISH.
P>cy. y. Q. Asylum. SO7 Pin* st.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives noi
tlee that the following orphans and half or-
phan* have been received Into the orphanage
from July 1 to De<-emt>er U. IMS: May Thorn
3 yrs. 1 mo ; Jennie Hussenot. 8 yrs. ; Amelia
Boaacsst, 2 yrs. 6 mo.; Isabella Mills. 4 yrs
7 mo ; Anita Roadlet. 2 yrs.; Virginia' Klrby'
*. >r f" \~™'- Ar - Ci * Kenroey. 6 }T , ,
Annie Fanrn. » yrs.; Nellie Farren C yrs t
mo.; Helena Grlphen, 2 yrs. C mo.; rillsa Uar-
dineka, h yr*. 1 mo.; Johanna Daley 10 yrs ¦
Mary Daley, i yrs.; Martta Valient. E vm! :
Alice Van^r.t. Z jte.; Anneta AIvUo! 6 yrs:
Geneva Alv«*o, 8 yre.; Gadulupe Alvlso 8
>-r«.; Antonia Hussenot, < yrs.: Albert Kear-
ney. 6 yrs S mo.; Wlihe Farren, 3 yr£ 1 mo •
Gt-nili Griphen. 5 yre. C mo.; Charles Foun-
tain. « yrs 7 mo.; Howard Jenkins Syr»S yr» •
Jasrerh Broderirk. 2 yrs. 6 mo .; Cella' Basani.'
t yrt.: Irene Baeaca. 4 yrs.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum frcm July 1, ig 3S , to Deceni-
»>-r !1. ISSS»: Arthur Vanler. 6 years- Phases
Vanier. 3; Frar.k Cryr.e. 4: Mary Canessi fii?
Teter Canersa. SH: Joseph Burns, ! 5-6- ' Ge-
rtie McLoughlin. 3 t-€; Pauline Smith 5- Is*
bel fmlth. 2; Peter ReSlly. 5; Gertie ' Benrln.
2: Christine Barnes. Vk: Fred Wllkle 3-
Frank Mairulre, 2 t*l; Mary Mulcahy J- An-
v.Wm. Greenwood. 2; Lourence Bank 2H - *John
Benrln. S: Francis Tarantlno. 3: Wi'niam Mof-
fatt. C; Mary McClellan, 6; Fred Suiz 2U-
Char>« Sulz. 1 1-2; Rose Herbert. 5. '
NOTICE In hereby riven that the Maria Kip
Orphanaee of £20 Lake rt. has received the
following crpnan. half-orphan and aban-
doned gir'.a from October 1, IE3S, to January
1. 1KO: Nettle Moore, aged li years; Ceclle
H. Williamson, afced 11 years; Irene Bennet.
¦ frrd 11 years; Vera C Faber. seed S years -
Oeorrle C. Faber. aged 4 years; Bessie I
Lee, ared 7 years; Mabel J. Lee, aged S years-
Frances M. Kane, ared 2 years: Emily Johns-
ton. are 4 t years; Dorothea Johnston, aged
1 1 months.
BOOMS papered frcm $J: whitened. Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 31* Third.
SAD tenants ejected for !4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
Hi Mostffcmery et.. rooms S-U>; teL KM.
SEWIA'G MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
ralrir.K at lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
STORAGE ANIJ WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH storage und Moving Co.
Orflce. 401 Post tt., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed 1 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 640 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEPA REAL ESTATE!. '
$1450— LOT 26x125; cottage 5 rooms and bath:
street work cone: easy terms.
12200— Lot EPxl4s: fine cottage: 5 large rooms
ana bath: worth $3500: only $100 cash, balance
$20 per month; great ecap.
$3000— Lot 40x150; Morton et-. between rail-
roads; near station and school; handsome new
cottage of 7 rocms and bath; $500 and $25 per
month.
12150— Lot 85x150; 2-« tory house of 6 rooms and
bath; Alameda aye., near Morton-st. station!
ea*y terms.
$3.".«— Let 40x150; fine new 2-story house, 8
rooms and bath; Morton et.. near stations and
schools; jrco each, balance $30 per month.
$3600 — Lot ?r.xir<\- on main avenue; cottage
8 rooms and bath; creat bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1452 Park st.. Alameda. Cal.
A HOME— Send description, condition" and loca-
t'.cn; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE 3r.,
1400 'Webster st.. Alameda.
$2500 — FINE new modern house 7 rooms; choice
lot. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st. .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES.
BERKELEY HOMEs! '¦
$2000— Pretty 7-room house; street Improved.
$2500— New modern 7-room home; street Im-
proved.
$3000— Lovely new home; 1 rooms; terms to
suit.
$3500— 8-room; fine view; close to university.
O. G. MAY ft CO.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
"THE PLEASANTON." 2632 Durant aye.. near
university— Rooms with or without board;
young ladles preferred.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4000— FOR 3 houses and lots, each with 5
rooms and bath, with the latest Improve-
ments; strictly up-to-date; Al. neighborhood ;
street work complete: all conveniences: near
to schools, cars, stores, etc. : permanent ten-
ants; big interest on the money Invested:
bank mortgage $3000: seeing is believing; call
early. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oak-
land.
$3SOO BUYS a $6000 • business property on San
Pablo aye. :. stores and flats and a large lot,
with private waterworks; mortgage $2500: can
remain; a rare bargain for business prop-
erty; investigate. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland.
THE flrst-claM, old-established business; good
reasons for Belling; rare chance. E. E.
FI'.STE, SOS Broadway, Oakland.
$£;.OO— WILL sell quick for $1200; fine corner
residence; lot 45x175: 9 rooms; up to date.
E. E. BI'N'CE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND WRMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESS MENT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, ofnee and principal place of business,
K7 Market St.. fc'an Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board c<f Directors, held en the 18th day
cf December, 1599, an assessment (No. ")) of
ccc (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital Ftock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
cecretary at the offlce of the company at the
above address.
Any f.'cck upon which this assessment thall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January,
1900. will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public aucticn. and unless payment Is
nutde before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February. 1900. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUO. Secretary.
827 Market «t.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice^Dlvidend No. 75 (250 per
chare) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION* COMPANY, will be payable at the
offlce of the company. No. 327 Market St.. en
and after Saturday, January 20, 1900. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January 13,
ISOO, at J2 o'clock m.
" E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 (25 cents per
•hare) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be -payable at the office of the com-
pany. 527 Market ft., on and after Monday,
January 13. 1!>00. Transfer books will clos*
on Tuesday, January S. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco — At a regular meeting of the
board of directors of this bank, held January
J. 1300. a dividend was declared for the half
year ending December 31, 1899, at the rate of
eeven <7) per cent pertannum. payable on
and after the 15th Inat. Transfer books will
be closed from the 13th to the 15th lest., both
caj's inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January 3. 1900.
M AKKI AGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Roland J. Wynee, 36, Haywards, and Inga
C. AFkyem, 2.". city.
Harry Wilson, 24, city, and Marie A. Aepe-
line, 20, city.
John M. Lcrson, 41. 275H Shotwell street, and
Anna T. Hallbom. 2S. 1107 Folsom street.
Jonas E. Edman. 33. 10 Washington street,
and Apnes E. Hanberg, 22, 10 Washington
street.
William E. Bouton, 24. 217 Thirteenth street,
and Minnie L. Puckhaber. 20. 3784 Eighteenth
etre-et.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DgATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed '
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKN.
ALLEN— In Oakland. January 12, 1900. to the
wife of Dr. R. H. Allen, a daughter.
AULD— In West Side, Santa Clara County,
January 11. 1900. to the wife of Robert L.
Auld. a eon.
COHEN— In this city, January 1. 1900, to the
wife of Reub F. Cohen, a son.
FLEMING— In Alameda. January IJ. 1900. to
the wife of Charles N. Fleming, a daughter.
JORDAN— In this city, January 12, 1900, to the
•wife of Captain Fred W. Jordan, a daughter.
2&ABBIED.
DONALDSON— RODGER— In this city. Janu-
ary 6. 1500, by the Rev. E. O. Matbena. D.D.,
Robert Donaldson and Lizzie Rodger, both
of San Francisco.
KENTZEL— MURPHY— In Sonoma, January 7.
. IWO, Id Et. Francis Church, by the Rev.
Father W. P. Quill, James W. Kentzel of
San Francisco and Frances Murphy of So-
noma.
DIED.
Barbour, Freeman Lynch, Barah
B&iwity. Johanna M. McKenna, William
Bowers. Carl H. Malech. Dr. G. H.
Connor. Lawrence Moore. Caroline L.
Delehanty. Uanora Musgrave. Mrs. M.
Euan. Thomas ¦ Poppe, A^ruwta
Flcken. Martin J. KaSsella, Mary D.
liaJ:n. Loui« H. Schilling. Adam J.Jr.
' Heldohrn. Willie Beverena, Sister Maria
Jones. William H. Shanklasid. Robert
Keys. Laura E. Siaronl. Carolina
Livingston, Louis Terry, Reel B.
Lombardl. Emil Wlebalk. Gretchen
BARBOUR— At his ranch near Clayton. Contra
Cotta County. January 1L ISOO, Freeman Bar-
bour. father of Mrs. H. L. Stowell. Mrs. A.
H. Green and Mrs. William Walker, aged E6
years t months and 10 days. (Kalamazoo and
Mendon, Mich., papers please copy.)
BAJ-SITY— In this city, January 11, 1900 Jo-
hanna M. Basslty, beloved sister of Mrs T
O'Brien and Mrs. A. Hlckey of Sacramento,
a native of Ireland.
jrj-The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. fc22 Ellis street, thenre to St. Mary's
Cathedral for services. - Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery. . ? , v -
BOWERS— In this city. January 12. 1900, Carl
H., beloved husband of Anna C. Bowers and
father of Charles Bowers, a native of Den-
mark, aged 4S years and 2 months.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
IILNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
£0 Fifth st., opposite. Lincoln School.
/ Telephone South to.
N of Ashby avenue. N 44.49, E 183.83, S 40. W
151.0S to beginning, being lot 26. block A. Ade-
line Tract, Berkeley; also lot on E line of Stan-
ford avenue, 155.69 N of Ashby avenue, N 44.49,
E 129.61, -40. W 146.85 to beginning, being lot
25 and portion of lot 10, block A, same, Berke-
ley; grant. •
Alice Peterson (by W. 8. Harlow. commis-
sioner) to Oakland isank of Savings,, lot on NW
line of Twenty-sixth avenue. 640 SW of East
Fourteenth street, SW 25. NW 119.50, NE 25.
SE 119.50 to beginning, being lot 16. block 2,
Revised Map Eden Park, Brooklyn Township;
$300.
Max O. and Rosle Treenbach to Henry and
Mary Cook, lot 93, resubdlvislon block 31, War-
ner Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders Contracts'
Samuel J. Hendy (owner) with John C Cald-
well (contractor), architect Edgar A. Mathews—
All work except plumbing, tinning, gas fitting
and concrete work for a two-story frame dwell-
ing and surrounding Improvements, on N line
of Clay street, 207:6 W of Locust. W 37:6 by N
127 :S%; $7783.
Hyman Bros. Co. (owners) with William and
James Shepard (contractors), architect O. W.
Percy— Plumbing for a four-story frame build-
ing, on NW corner of Stockton and O' Farrell
streets, W 137:6 by N 137:6: $1924.
Same owners with W. L. Holman (contractor),
architect same— Electric passenger elevator
complete for same, on same; $1900.
Independent Electric Light and Power Com-
pany (owner) with George Goodman (contrac-
tor), architects Reid Bros.— Excavations and
concrete work for three sub-stations: station B,
on E line of Eighth street, between Mission and
Minna, lOOvb. 407; station C, on N line of Mis-
sion street between Third and New Montgomery
streets, lOOvb. 355; station D, on N line of Sac-
ramento street, between Montgomery and San-
some, 60vb. 62; $3195 69."
Same owner with same contractor, architect
same — Concrete work for mam central power
station, between Humboldt and Twenty-third
(Nevada) streets, from W line of Georgia east-
ward: J4756 50.
Maria Kip Orphanage, a corporation (owner),
with Troy Laundry Machine Company. Limited
(contractors), architects Percy & Hamilton-
Laundry machinery In orphanage building, on
NE corner of Lake street and Seventh avenue.
N 400 by E 120; $1615.
10 National g t5
100 National g 12%
100 National | oo
Street—
100 National 8 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Burlington 1 05
200 Dominion 40
1000 Dominion .....". 45
100 Home Oil 4 00
100 San Luis ? 5 3714
200 San Luis 5 25
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
150 Barker Ranch „ 1 IS
200 Century Oil Co 1 20
300 Century Oil Co ; 1 25
100 Anaconda Oil Co 153
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 60
800 Yukon Crude Oil Co 1 S3
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Anaconda Oil Co 1 45
MINING STOCKS.
following: were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
WO Caledonia 43] 100 Mexican 12
100 Challenge .' 201 100 Union Con 27
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher 24 300 Mexican 30
100 Chollar 27 300 Ophir 65
100 Chollar 26 600 Potosi 17
200 Gould & Curry 22 200 Sierra Nevada. 43
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher iqi 600 Mexican 81
200 Best & Belcher 23 300 Ophir 66
200 Beet & Belcher 22 300 Savage 13
200 Chollar 27 300 Union Con 27
600 Chollar 26 200 Carters G M.... 52
800 Crown Point.... 11 300 Carters G M.... 53
300 Gould & Curry 23
Afternoon Session.
60 Caledonia 47i £00 Overman 08
800 Chollar 27 400 Savage 17
SOO Con Cal A V.I 37H 300 Sierra Nevada. 42
200 Gould & Curry 22 SOO Union Con .... 28
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 12—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha — OVKentuck — 02
Alta 02 — |Lady Wash ... 02 —
Andes 10 11 Mexican 23 SO
Belcher 10 It Occidental 17 20
Best & Belcher 21 22 Ophir 65 66
Bullion ....'..... 03 05 Overman 06 07
Caledonia 47 43 Potosi 17 IS
Chollar 26 27iSavage 17 IS
Challenge Con.. 13 ¦20 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence ...j. 60 63 Seg Belcher .... 03 04
Con Cal & Va..l 35 140 Sierra Nevada. 43 44
Con Imperial,.. — OlSUver Hill .... 03 —
Con New York. — 04! st Louis — OS
Crown Point.... 10 12 Standard IJO2 93
Exchequer — M Syndicate — •»
Gould & Curry 22 23: Union Con S6 27
Hale & N0r0... 33 40 Utah 03 04
Fulla — 02 I Yellow Jacket.. 23 U
Justice C 3 05 i
BAY AND RIVER STEAJiIERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON..-Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:45
a. m.: 3:15. 8:30 P. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Frt-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:20 a, m., S
p m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. X. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE • • .Mo
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. January 12.
Btmr Ruth, Lundqulst, 83 hours from Car
plnteria.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlson. 43 hours from Ban
Pedro.
Stmr Luella, Miller, 43 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldjrett. hours from
Ventura.
1 Stmr . Noyo, Johnson, 15 hoars from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 13*4 hours from Eu
reka.
' Stmr Queen. Jecsen. 57 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 45 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Tlllamook. Anflndsea. 43 hours from
San Pedro.
Stntr Sunol, Green. 96 hours from Grays Har
bor. * •
Br bark Norfolk Island. Thomas. 43 days
from Newcastle. Aus.
Echr Nettle. Low, Low, I hoars from Point
Reyes.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 2 days from Bowens
Tending. '
Schr Ivy. Bamuelson, 10 days from Coos Bay.
¦ Scbr J G Wall. BJorstrom, 15 hours from Eu
reka. *•
Schr Occidental. Roslch, 55 hours from Eu-
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. B0 hours from
Blhler, Point. CLEARED
;•»-• Friday, January v.
Ship Bohemia, Whalman. Nanalmo; Alaska
Packers" Association.
Br ship Buteshire, Swinton. Queenstown*
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Br bark Invemelll. Patterson. Queenstown: 6
W McNear. ¦
Schr John G North. Austin. Honolan: Hind
Rolrh & Co.
Schr W S Phelps, Garthley, Makawell; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 10.
SATURDAY. JANUARY 13.
Bun rises 7;tj
Sun sets 5:tJ
Moon sets .4:33 a. m.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F N Speller. Cal
A Arnold, Oakdale
F Hunter, Elko
G M Moody, Elko
J Eipel, N V
J P Hohngson, Utah
F E Davis, 8 Jose
W C Barrett & w, N V
M L Mery. Chlco
J L Mery, Chlco
A W Judd. Watsonvllle
J H Wheeler, Cal
T W. Clark. Reno
L Miller. R Vista
D H Williams. Fresno
G Misliavacca, Napa—
R Don, Stockton
J S Carroll, Cal
H Isaac, L Ang
M Black & w. Cal
J Frank, 8 Jose
F Jlllaon, SUverton
X Dunlap, Cal
J E Keeler, Colorado
T T Graves, Alameda
W W Moore, 8 Jose
J Morgan, Cal
T D Petch. Eureka
S C Marcus, Cal
E R Reams & w. Wash
Mrs Jennings, Ptland
L Helnrtch & w. Seattl
D Hanley, Butte
J Walsh, Butte
Mrs Van Allatyn, Che
halls
Mrs J G Btamp, Beattl
C D Elder & w, Tacom
A C MacCallum. Wash
W C Murphy, Mont
Mrs E Cormack, Butte
J P Brown & w. Butte
J B Gallagher, N V
CO Ashley. N V
A E MacNaughton &
w, Vancouver
B H Cooper, Chgo •
A H Schnabel Cal
W D Stewart <fe w, .Nev
W A Newton, Chgo
O W Dunn & w, Cal
W H Brown. Cal
H H Brown. Cal
W G Robblns. Cal
J Schell, Cal
R B Stephens, L Ang
R G Henderson, Cal
J McCudden, Vallejo
Miss McCudden, ValleJ
O O Woodward. Cal
Mrs O O Woodward,
' Cal
J J Hebbron, Salinas
Miss M Daugherty, Cal
Miss M Willis, Cal
J P Cox, Folsom
J W McCashln & w.
Salt Lake »
R M Brokaw & w. Pa
W'B Harrison, Stocktn
E Dlnkelsplel, Sulsun
Miss Grlswold, S Jose
Mrs W G Fervell, Sac
J P Ilolmga, Cal
8 Rousseau, Cal
A Remington Uklah
W R Allen, Chlco
Mrs Jamison, Cal
G W Last & w, Cal
!F C Hocking, Modesto
iF C Parker. Chgo
Mrs Dougherty, Cal
PALACE HOTEL
F S Macomber. Cal
S I Hopkins & w. Sac
W F Johnson. Napa
J E McCalDine. Dawsn
O P Burro-ws. Halfmn
A F Macnee. Or
F D Seymour, Seattle
E R Riley, New York
T Mollested. Tacomii
W F Crosby. Colo
Mr & Mrs D B Robin
son, St Louis
8 A Schwartz. Chicago
W H Dupee, Chicago
Mr & Mrs G Thomp
son, Chicago
Miss P Johnson. Chgo
Capt W W Mead & w.
U S N
J B Lankerfthlm. L An
Mr & Mrs D Kelleher.
Seattle
G Selffert, Spokane
8 W Dacey & w, Seatl
I N Peyton, Spokane
Miss Peyton. Spokane
W L Stewart. St Paul
C D Stevens. Boston
J Brown. L Anreles
W A Brewer. S Mateo
S H Clogg, N V
W Osteman & w, S Jst
E M Rosenthal & w,
San Jose
J A Llmbach, Chgo
R C Thayer, Colo
Prof A Van Brunt. NJ
Dr & Mrs J J Reed.
New Jersey
S Whiting, New York
C D Van Duzer & w,
Wlnnemucca
W H Romalne, N V
W M Meek. Denver
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
C Browning, San Jose
J Ambrose, Sta Rosa
B Stein, Oakdale
A Kaller, San Jose
J Rodman, Fresno
A R Moulton, Los Ang
D S Homer. Sacto
J C Campbell & w, B C
L Hucke, Sacramento
A Ferguson & w, Nev
M Mason, Los Angeles
J W Bourman, L Ang
C Williams & w. Cal
G W Condon & w, Cal
W T Oilbert & w. Ohio
C Eckler, Keswlck
E A Jones, Stockton
W E Nesbltt, Chicago
A W Bowman. Cal
A E Hansen & w, N V
BAILED.
Frliay. January IX
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. .
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Crux.
Stmr Siena!. Benderard. Astoria.
lir ship Seafarer. Farmer. Hull.
Br ship Metropolis. Richards, Queenstowa.
Schr Lettitla. WUscn. .
Schr W S Phelps, Garthley. Makawell.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS, Jan 12. 10 p m-Weatlw
thick: wind west, velocity ( miles.
SPOKEN.
Dec 14. lat 913 S. lon S4 29 E— Br ship Slam,
Pedrosa. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS
LONDON. Jan 12— Br ship Musselcnur, from
Antwerp for San Francisco, put Into Sydney
with sundry losses and damages sustained. In
heavy weather. Will be surveyed.
PORT TOWNSEND, Jan 12— The sehr Com
peer arrived this evening from San Francisco
and reports that on Jan 10. lat 47 07 N. lon 124
v-, passed the Br stmr Elm Branch disabled.
The Elm Branch was bound from Naga3ail
for Portland.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Grace Dollar— Saw a sugar-laden
bktn off Point Montara with royal mast gone.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
OLYMPIA— Arrived Jan 12— Bris Tanner,
from San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 12— Schr O W
Watson, for Honolulu: ship Great Admiral, for
Sydney.
COOS BAY— Barbound Jan 13— Stmr Empire
and stmr Arcata.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr
Mtneola. from Narialmo.
Sailed Jan 12— Haw stmr San Mateo, for
J»analmo.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 12— Schr
Peerless, from Hucname; bktn Amelia, from
Port Townsend.
Sailed Jan 12— Schr Wm Bowden. for Port
Pirle; gchr James Rolph. for Noumea.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 12— Stmr Czarina, far
Tacoma.
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 12— Stmr Cleone. for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 11-Stmr Sequoia.
for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Arrived Jan 12— Schr Newark and
sLtmr Scotia, hence Jan 11.
ASTORIA-Arrtved Jan 12— Br bark Haddon
Hall, from Panama.
PORT HA DLOCK — Arrived Jan 13— Ship
Great Admiral, from Port Gamble.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 12— Stasr Fulton,
from Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Samoa, hno
Jan 10; stmr Brunswick, hence Jan 10; stmr Dal
Norte. hence Jan 10; Btmr Pasadena, from San
Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Jan 12— Schr "W
H Talbot. for Port Pirle.
Arrived Jan 12 — Schr Compeer, hence Jan 5;
schr Fred E Sander, from Kahulul.
FOREIGN PORT 3.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Jan 11— Br bark
City of Adellalde, from Eureka.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 12— Br sh!» Both
well from Portland.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 11— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence Dec 13.
CALCUTTA— In port Dee 7— Br ships Ea
phrosyne and Flngal. for San Francisco.
COLON— Arrived Deo 28— Br stmr Brator.
from Norfolk. Jan 10 — Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Advance, for New York.
CARDIFF— SaiIed Jan 11— Br shli> Levern
bank. for Santa Rosalia.
NAGASAKI— To sail Jan IJ— Stmr City of
Puebls, for San Francisco.
Sailed Jan 11— U S stmr Thomas, for Ban
Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— BaIIed Jan s— Br stmr Good
win, for Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr La Norman
flle. from New York.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived Jan 12 — Btmr
Island, from New York, for Stettin.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Victoria,
for Genoa.
Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Maxnuetta, from Lon
don.
Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Pennsylvania, from
Hamburg and Plymouth.
MOVILLE— Sailed Jan 12— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 13, 1900.
REAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS
City and County of San Francisco to Adams
Company (a corporation), lot on NW corner of
Fulton and Gough streets, W 137:6 by N 137:6;
Alameda County.
Joubert's Huguenot Ancestors.
The occurrence of French names like
Joubert on the Boer side of the Transvaal
literature is explained by the fact that
many Huguenots went to the Cape of
Good Hope while It was still a Dutch Col-
ony, and there became 'prosperous and
prominent. The descendants of many of
these Huguenots are found in the Trans-
vaal to-day, and are quite as Dutch in
their ways as the other Boers. vagsiasM
¦Stephen Dewing to Eva V. Dewing, lot on
W line of Fremont street (formerly Eleventh)
180 N of Fifty-fifth street (formerly -Villa ave-
nue), W 100 by N 40. being lot 21 and N 15 feet
lot 20, block 3. Revised Map San Pablo Avenue
Villa Tract, Oakland; $10.
Cosmopolitan Mutual Building and : Loan As-
sociation to Mary D. Yarnell, all Interest in
lot on NE line of East Twenty-fifth street 377
SE of Thirteenth avenue. SE 35, NE 132 55
NW 35.65, SW 125.53, to beginning, being lot
32 on Map of Frost's Thirteenth Avenue Tract.
East Oakland; $10.
Alexander and Ruth Young to Agnes Dredge
(wife of Theo. F.), lot on 8 line of Adams
street. 326.49 W of Perkins, W 100 by 8 125,
being lots 6 and 1, block 5, on Map of subdivi-
sion No. 1. Adams Point property, Oakland-
gift.
Agnes and Theo F. Dredge to Alexander
Young, lot on 8 line of Adams street, 153 35 E
of Lee. E 80 by 8 125, being lots 11 and 12, block
6. on Map of subdivision of Adams Point prop-
erty Oakland; $10.>
-John and Amelia Conant and E. P E'ser to
May C. Gilban, lot on S line of Twenty-second
street, where same Is intersected by line divid-
ing lots 4 and 5, Tuttle Homestead Tract, and
distant 210 from W line of Telegraph ave-
nue, 8 129:4V4. E 35. N 129:4%, W 35 to begin-
ning, being portion of lot 4, Tuttle Homestead
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Henry T. and Annie A. Hayes to Daniel E
Hayes, lot on NE line of East Fourteenth street
formerly Adams street, 100 NW of Eleventh
avenue, formerly Pierce street, NW 50 by NE
140, being lots 7 and 8. block 61 Clinton East
Oakland; also lot on W line of Grove street 50
8 of Thirtieth or Campbell street, 8 60 by' W
140. being portion of lots 14 and 15, block C
Whltcher and Brockhurst tracts, Oakland- $10
E. W. and Helen Bradley to F. M. Davis lot
on NE line of East Sixteenth street, formerly
Monroe street, 75 SE of Fourth avenue formerly
Patton street, SE 37:6 by NE 100, block 81 Clin-
ton. East Oakland; $10.
Otto and Mary L. Gerhardy to Elizabeth
Hampel. Jot on E line of Highland avenue 230
N of Henry avenue, N 40, E 145.17, S 40, W 144 14
to beginning, being lot 7, block 8. Putnam
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry T. and Annie A. Hayes to Daniel D
Hayes, 3.91 acres, being lot 17, Peralta Tract'
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Melancthon O. McClaln and Charles A. Black
to Ada P. Roberts (wife of J- 8.), lot on S line
of Sutter street, ; 159.37 E of San Pablo avenue
E 60 by S 91, being lot 6. block D, Gasklll
Tract. Oakland: $875.
Ada P. and J. S. Roberts to Lena V. Pratt
(wife of E. F.), same. Oakland; J2OO.
J. T. D. and Katie Hansen to Luella Heese-
man (wife of Charles J.), lots 19 .and 20, block
2116. Alden Tract at Temescal,. Oakland, to cor-
rect 696 D. 397: $10.
Daniel D. and Annie Hayes to A. D. Pryal
lot on W line of Grove street, 75 8 or Thirtieth
(formerly Campbell). S 25 by W 140. being por-
tion of lot 15i block C. Whltcher and Brock-
hurst Tract, Oakland: $10.
Clara I. Ivory to Joseph M. Silver. Subdi-
vision A and 6 half of Subdivision B In lot
9, block 792. Watts Tract. Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Same to Frank O. Rose, the N half of Sub-
division B In lot 9. block 792. Watts Tract, Mao
2. Oakland; $10. v
Thomas A.- and Louisa F. Pettus. F R
King. F. A. Hoole and W. H. Crocker (by j'
B. Lanktree, commissioner) to John C. Turner
lot on 8W corner of Shattuck avenue and
Berkeley way. W 112.30. S 25, E 110.52, : N
23.06 to beerinnintr. being lot 65, College . Tract*
also lot on W line of Ehnttuek ave-
nue. 2s.o6 8 of. Berkeley way, W 109. N 35,
E 111.62, to beginning, being a portion of same,
Berkeley: $3270. "
• Jacob and Margaret C.Broeder to Amelia E.
Bherman. lot on E line of Stanford avenue. IU.2D'
Frank J. Corbett to Margaret T. Corbett, lot
on N line of Hayes street. 155 W of Octavla,
W6O by N 120; elft. ' ¦¦-¦'-¦ ¦ • ¦ •••¦» J ,
Mary Mahan (wife of Joseph) to Miss Kate
Dalton, undivided fifth of lot on SW corner of
Page and Flllmore streets, 120 on Page street
by 63; all Interest in estate of John P. Dalton;
$10.
Clara Kluge Sutro (Kluge) to Josephine Cock-
rlll. lot onW line of Scott street. 77:8% 3 of
Washington, 8 25 by W 110; $10.
Hibernla Savlnirs and Loan Society to Wil-
liam Hatteroth, lot on N line of Eddy street,
155 W of Devlsadero. W 75 by N 137:6; $5500.
Patrick H. and Delia Farrell 'to P. J. Mc-
Veigh, lot on NE line of Brady street, 110:6
SE of Colton, SE 20:8% by NE 100; $10.
Herman and Mathllde M. Shainwald to Albert
Pissls. lot on E line of Folsom street, 100 8 of
Nineteenth. S 25 by E 125; $10. ¦
- N. D. Arnot to Amanda Arnot. rerecord of
865 d 128, lot on N line of Liberty street, 110
W of Valencia. W 60 by N 115; gift.
Herman and Mathilda M. Shalnwald to Al-
bert Pissls. lot on E line of Hoffman avenue
(Ellen), 60 N of Twenty-fifth, N 50 by E 125; $10.
Co-operative Mutual Building and Loan As-
sociation to Edward Phillips, lot on W line of
Douglass street, 176:6 N of Elizabeth. N 25 by
W 100, lot 98. Heyman Tract; $10.
Joseph M. and William OB. Macdonough and
Agnes M. A par (Macdonough), wife of John G.,
to Macdonough Estate. Company (corporation),
lot on N Una Bush street, 110 E of Dupont, E
165 by N' 137:6; also lot commencing 137:6 S of
Pine street and 107 :11 Wof Kearny, W 137:6; N
13:6, E 78:9, N 4, E 53:9, S 17:6; $10.
Shlels Estate Company (corporation) to Ellas
J.- Baldwin. 60-vara lots 939 and 940. on SE cor-
ner of Powell and Ellis streets, S 275, E 22:8%.
NH 141:10%. N 192:0%, W 137:6, quitclaim
deed. $1.
E. J. and Lilly Bennett Baldwin to James L.
Flood, lot on SE corner of Powell and Ellis
streets, 8 275, E 220%, NE 186:6%, NW 62:8%. N
114:11%, W 137:10, reserving right to keep pres-
ent wall of Baldwin Annex on E line of above
lot; $100.
Paul M. and Laura Nlppert to Herman Schot-
tler, lot on NW line of Tehama street, 200 SW
of Fourth, SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
Estate of Elijah Price (by Charles P. Gib-
bons, administrator) to Katherlne Frtedrichs,
lot on NW line of Harrison street, 88:5 NE of
Sixth, NE 24:3 by NW 80; $2255.
Barbara Price to same, same; $10.
Mary Sullivan to John Pius Murphy, lot on
SW corner of Fortieth avenue and T Btreet. W
57:6 by S 100; $10.
. Margaret Cassldy to Lena Bpengler, lot on E
line of Prentlss street, 75 N of Union avenue,
N 25x70, lot 567, Gift Map 2; $10.
Patrick H. and Delia Farrell to P. J, Mc-
Veigh, lots 5 and 6, block 10, Sunnyside; $10.
Helen M. and John Boyle to Eustace M.
Boyle, half of lot 16, block 8, bounded by Lin-
coln road. Iron Valley, Corbett road, Roman
street (Pioche and Robinson subdivision); $10.
Henrietta M. Dwlght and Nettle Latham to
Ira M. Sloper, lot 82, block 12, Flint Tract,
Homestead Association: $10.
John F. MUne to same, same; $10.
Thomas H. J. Dempsey to James H. Allen,
lot on NE line of Eighth avenue South 90 NW
of X street South, NW 30 by NE 100; $10.
Catherine Lunny to Matthew Kerrigan lot on
NW line of Chenery street, 213 NE of Mateo,
NE 60 by NW 100, lot 10, block 11, Falrmount;
$1500. .
Michael and Nora CHare (by H. M. Covert,
commissioner) to Germanla Bulldlnjr and Loan
Association, ! lot on NE corner of Plymouth
(Marengo) and Farallones streets, E 200 by N
125, lot 7, block N, Railroad Homestead; $2017.
Joseph I. Lawless to Nicholas and Henry
Ohlandt and John A. Buck, ISO 6 D. 7. lots 1 to
14. block 8, lots 3, 4 and 6, block 9, lot 6, bloc4t
25, map of Ploche and Robinson Subdivision-
also ISO 6 D. 1. lots 18 to 22. block 4SO. lots 41
and 48. block 602. lots 1, 16 and 32. block D
and lot 18, Haley purchase W of Hudson
Tract, $10.
Masonic Cemetery Association to J. F. Minor
lot No. 3, Masonlo Cemetery; $200.
Marie or Maria Heltmann to Therese Kurl-
baum, lot on S line of Fulton street. 82:6 W of
Franklin. W 27:6 by S 137:6; $50.
HuKh R. Clark to George and Margaret Han-
ton, lot on E line of Laguna street. 100 N of
Waller. N 87:6 by E 91:3; $10.
William Boerlcke to J. C. Rels, lot on SW
corner of Jackson and Maple streets, W 117-9
S 64:0U; $10.
Thomas J. Dorgan and Cella A. Laumelster
(wife of William F. Laumeister) to George P.
Dorgan, lot on E line of Mission street, 200 S
of Fourteenth, 8 30 by E 160; $10.
John Byron to Katie E. Byron, undivided 2-5
of lot on S line of Nineteenth street. 20 E of
Shotwell. E 80 by B 60; $58S.
San Francisco Savings Union to Joseph B.
and Emma J. Emroal, lot on E line of Howard
Ftreet, 260 8 of Twenty-second, S 59 by E 122:6 •
$7250.
• Timothy Musgrave to Emma Musgrave (wife),
lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street, 150 W
of Church, W 25 by N 114: gift.
Antonio Lagomarslno to Rosa, Eva, Adellna
and Annie Lagomarslno, lot on W line of Du-
pont street, 30 S of Union, S 25 by W 65; gift.
Edward L. Mayberry to Edward Moore, 302
d 65, W line of Powell street, 68:9 N of Clay.
N 22:11 by W 68:9. quitclaim deed; $1.
Catherine Robinson to same, lot on W line
of Powell street, between Clay and Washing-
ton; also property on Tenth avenue and M
street. South San Francisco; also all property
in San Francisco; $10.-
. James L. Martel to Edward J. Le Breton,
lot on W line of Spear street, 77:8 N of Mis-
sion. N 20 by W 45:10; J2OO.
George P. Dorgan. Cella A. Laumelster {wife
of William F. Laumelster) to Thomas J. Dor-
gan. lot on NW line of Natoma Btreet, 475:«
SW of First, SW 35:6. NW 75, NE 35:6, SE 75-
also lot on NE line of Twelfth street, 142 SE
cf Folsom, SE 40, N SIH degrees, E 65:5V4, S
SCVi degrees, E 22:3, N 34% degrees, • E 19:6.
N 55:3. W €9:11, SW 91:llVi: $10.
George R. Williams to same, same two de-
scriptions; also lot on E line of Mission street,
200 S of Fourteenth, S SO by E 160: also lot
on BE line of Folsom street. 175 NE of Seventh
NE CO by SE 90; $10.
George P. and Thomas J. Dorgan to Cella
A. Laumelster, lot on SE line of Folsom street,
175 NE of Seventh, NE 60 by SE 90; 110.
G. H. Umbsen to Henry E. Bothln. lot on
W corner of Eighth and Rlngold streets. NW
25 by SW 75: $10.
Albert Meyer to William H. Thornley, lot
on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 150 S of H
street, S E0 by E 120: $10.
Mattle H. McClenahan. Elizabeth L. and J.
8. McKltrlck to Emma Y. Thomson, lot on
SW corner of Forty-fourth avenue and I street
W 60 by S 100, quitclaim deed; $10.
R. J. and Melissa J. Thompson to Delia Hop-
kins, same; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Dusan W. Dabo-
vlch, lot on W line of Ninth avenue. 275 S of
N street, S GO by W 120; $10.
Margaret Dolan to William Kelso, lot 235.
Cobb Tract; $10.
Charles and Elizabeth Smith to Joseph Fass-
ler, lot on E corner of Mount Vernon and
Huron streets, NE 160 by SE 237, lots 4 and 6,
block 3, West End Map 1; $10.
Patrick and Tilda Plerson to Victor and Ma-
tilda Perry, lot 1762. Gift Map 3; $10.
Louts H. Kohn to Walter B. Kohn, lot on
NW corner Starr and Salinas streets. N 25 by
W 100; $10. *
Time Ball.
Brunch Hydrocrraphic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, ' San Francisco, Cal..
January 13. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlnr was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
L c.. at noon of . the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN 3,
Lieutenant Commander. V. B. N., In charge.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence *aa to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
m 0. r. & n. go.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMER3 TO
PORTLAND
From Spear- street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Including Berth
InnE $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. IS. 28; Feb. 1, II
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 13. 23: Feb. 7. 17
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C WARD, General Agent,
S3O Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
- Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
mV TORK. GCoT HAMPTON, L 03903. PASIA
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Frcm New York every Wednesday. 10 a.- in.
St. Paul Jan. 17' St. Paul Feb. 7
New York Jan. 24 New York Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. SllSt. Louis Feb. 21
RED STAR LINE.
New YorK aijct Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Aragonla Jan. 17|Western!and Feb. 7
Friesland Jan. 24 1 Kensington Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 3llNoordland Feb. 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
80 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
13
O Time Time Time Time
R Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L. W HW I. W H W
U ... 1:04 1.1 »:ll C.I 4:20—0.8 U:2l 4.7
14 ... 8:56 3.0 10:00 6.0 4:59—0.8
15 . 0:00 4.9 4:46 8.0 10:45 5.9 6:53 — 0.1
IS ... 0:37 4.9 6:29 1.9 11:28 6.6 6:07 —4.3
17 ... 1:10 5.0 6:13 2.S 12:11 (.4 6:37 0.0
18 ... 1:43 6.0 6:57 5.6 12:54 6.0 7:04 0.4
19 ... 2:14 6.1 7:41 2.6 1:35 4.6 7:33 0.9
Steamer. I From. I Dne.
From.
I Dae.
Ma.ttea.wan Tacoma U. Jan. 13
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. It
Uonita Newport Jan. 14
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 14
Columbia Portland Jan. 15
China China and Japan Jan. 13
E. Thompson... Seattle Jan. 15
Bristol Departure Bay Jan. 15
Santa Rosa. San Diego „.. Jan. 15
A. Blanchard... Cooa Bay Jan. 13
South Portland. Departure Bay Jan. 1«
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 13
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 17
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 17
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 17
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. IS
Corona San Diego Jan. 19
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 19
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Jan. 19
Colon Panama Jan. 19
Lady Jolcey.... China and Japan. Jan. 19
Czarina Pufret Sound Jan. 19
State of CaJ Portland Jan. 20
Doric China and Japan Jan. 23
Volumnta Hamburg Jan. 34
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13, 10 am Pier 24
Corona San Diego Jan. 13, 11 am Pier 11
Homer Oregon Porta. Jan. 13, 10 am Pier Z0
Pt. Arena.. Pilnt Arena.. Jan. 13, 2pm Pier X
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 14, 9am Pier 2
C. Nelson... Puget Sound.. Jan. 14, 10 am Pier 2
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. 14, 2pm Pier »
Santa Cru*. San Pedro..... Jan. 15. 9am Pier H
Hong. Maru China* Japan Jan. 16, Ipm PMSS
Queen . Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 1«. 10 am Pier »
Arcata Coo» Bay Jan. 16, Warn Pier 13
A. Blanch" d Coos Bay Jon. IS, 10 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego..... Jan. 17, 11 am Pier U
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 17. Ham Pier 13
San Pedro.. Humboldt Jan. 17,- 4 pm Pier 13
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 13, 10 am Pier 24
Newport ... Panama Jan. IS, 12 m PMSS
Aberdeen .. Portland Jan. 19
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 19, 9am Pier 11
Lady Jolcey Chlna& Japan Jan. 20. Ipm PMSS
Sails.
Pier.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13, 10 am Pier 24
Corona San Diego Jan. 13, 11 am Pier 11
Homer Oregon Porta. Jan. 13, 10 am Pier Z0
Pt. Arena.. Pilnt Arena.. Jan. 13, 2pm Pier X
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 14, 9am Pier 2
C. Nelson... Puget Sound.. Jan. 14, 10 am Pier 2
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. 14, 2pm Pier »
Santa Cru*. San Pedro..... Jan. 15. 9am Pier H
Hong. Maru China* Japan Jan. 16, Ipm PMSS
Queen . Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 1«. 10 am Pier »
Arcata Coo» Bay Jan. 16, Warn Pier 13
A. Blanch" d Coos Bay Jon. IS, 10 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Diego..... Jan. 17, 11 am Pier U
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 17. Ham Pier 13
San Pedro.. Humboldt Jan. 17,- 4 pm Pier 13
Columbia .. Portland Jan. 13, 10 am Pier 24
Newport ... Panama Jan. IS, 12 m PMSS
Aberdeen .. Portland Jan. 19
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 19, 9am Pier 11
Lady Jolcey Chlna& Japan Jan. 20. Ipm PMSS
Sails.
Pier.
O Time Time Time Time
R Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L. W HW I. W H W
U ... 1:04 1.1 »:ll C.I 4:20—0.8 U:2l 4.7
14 ... 8:56 3.0 10:00 6.0 4:59—0.8
15 . 0:00 4.9 4:46 8.0 10:45 5.9 6:53 — 0.1
IS ... 0:37 4.9 6:29 1.9 11:28 6.6 6:07 —4.3
17 ... 1:10 5.0 6:13 2.S 12:11 (.4 6:37 0.0
18 ... 1:43 6.0 6:57 5.6 12:54 6.0 7:04 0.4
19 ... 2:14 6.1 7:41 2.6 1:35 4.6 7:33 0.9
Steamer. I From. I Dne.
From.
I Dae.
Ma.ttea.wan Tacoma U. Jan. 13
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 14
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. It
Uonita Newport Jan. 14
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 14
Columbia Portland Jan. 15
China China and Japan Jan. 13
E. Thompson... Seattle Jan. 15
Bristol Departure Bay Jan. 15
Santa Rosa. San Diego „.. Jan. 15
A. Blanchard... Cooa Bay Jan. 13
South Portland. Departure Bay Jan. 1«
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 13
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 17
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 17
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 17
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. IS
Corona San Diego Jan. 19
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 19
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Jan. 19
Colon Panama Jan. 19
Lady Jolcey.... China and Japan. Jan. 19
Czarina Pufret Sound Jan. 19
State of CaJ Portland Jan. 20
Doric China and Japan Jan. 23
Volumnta Hamburg Jan. 34MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
Officers Elected to Till Vacancies on
the Board.
A special meeting of the board of direc
tors of the Merchants' Association was
held yesterday. The following were elect
ed members of the association: Armer
& Weinshenk, Bay State Restaurant,
James Denman. C. Hlrshfeld, Manhelm.
Dlbbern £ Co.; Arthur Rodgers. Stoll &
Van Bergen and' Struven & Birgle.
Edward H. Mitchell was elected as a.
director to Jill the vacancy occasioned by
the recent resignation of Director Qulnn.
on account of his becoming an official of
the city government. Director Symmes
was elected treasurer of the association
to fill the vacancy occasioned by the res
ignation of Treasurer Watt, who also be
came an official of the city government.
To discharge the duties of Civil Service
Commissioner, the privilege was accorded
to Secretary Freud to remain daily from
4 to 5 o'clock In the afternoon at the of
fice of the Civil Service Commission In
the City Hall. All matters pertaining to
the Civil. Service Commission will be con
sidered by Mr. Freud during that hour at
the office of the commission.
fact that the charter does not specifically
confer the charge of the City Hall upon
the board. It was decided that the Board
of Works exercised sole jurisdiction in
the matter of repairs and alterations of
public buildings.
MAY END "SMALL BOOK."
Register of Daily Arrests Not Cer
tified by the Chief of Police.
Attorney A. S. Newburgh has addressed
a letter to Captain Seymour of the City
Prison calling attention to the fact that
section 4 of ordinance 1063 has been and Is
being daily violated and asking that it
should be complied with. Attorney New
burgh contends that the register of ar
rests includes the "small book" cases and
if the law is complied with it would put
an end to the complaints of people being
arrested and thrown into the tanks. The
section referred to reads as follows:
"The Chief of Police shall cause to be
made out and delivered to the Police
Judge at or before 9 o'clock in the fore
noon of every' day, Sundays excepted, an
exact transcript of all the entries made In
the register of arrests since the last pre
ceding report. Such transcript shall be
headed. 'Office Chief of Police— Daily re
port,' and shall be truly dated and certi
fied by the Chief of Police or captain in
charge to be correct."
Positions Under Civil Service.
The clerk of the Civil Service Commis
sioners yesterday registered 150 applicants
for laborers' positions, bringing the total
up to 1665 names since the work began.
Secretary Moran states that 4000 applica
tions for positions in the classified service
have been given out, of which 700 have
been returned properly filled in with the
necessary vouchers.
Printing Contracts Awarded.
The Supervisors' Printing Committee
listened to the applications of several de
partments yesterday for necessary print-
Ing and supplies and the following con
tracts were awarded: District Attorney
Bylngton's ofilce, $186 60. the contract for
the printing of which was let to P. J.
Thomas; printing for County Clerk's of
fice, $169. contract to Cunningham, Curtlss
& Welch; Assessor's office, $175, contract
to Cunningham, Curtiss & Welch; Tax
Collector's office, $10S, cash books to J. B.
Mclntyre and printing to Phillips &
Smyth; .Police Department, $101 25.
The amateur photographer never re-
quires the proof of a girl's love after ne
secures the negative.
Local Brewers Not in Danger.
A sensational report was published last
evening that millions of Eastern capital
would be arrayed against local brewers
and that negotiations were pending hav
ing for their purpose the. establishment of
a mammoth plant. It was also said that
Captain Pabst of Milwaukee was behind
Brooks' Election Contested.
. Louis Feusler has contested the election
of Samuel H. Brooks ¦to the office of
Treasurer. Feusier alleges that ballots
cast for him at the las-t election were
counted for Brooks, and that various ir
regularities at the various booths resulted
in his defeat.
Car Service Is Bad.
: Residents' of Eureka Valley are dissat
isfied with the service given them by the
Market-street Company on , the Castro
street line. This. dissatisfaction made it
self manifest at a meeting of the Eureka
Valley and Park Lane Improvement Club
last night, when the following committee
was appointed to wait on Superintendent
Vinlng and lay the grievance before him:
R. A. Daniels, D. I. Wyatt. J. Melody, M.
Mlbach and A. Mcßride. A transfer sys
tem was asked for at the Junction of
Church and Market streets. It was repre
sented that people riding on either the
Sixteenth street or the Castro street lines
were deprived of transfers, while other
portions of the city were favored. The
committee got to work at once. Manager
Vining, after hearing what It had to say,
promised that the. complaints would be
given dun consideration, and he promised
to Inform the people of the decision as
early as possible.
McKINLEY MAY COME.
President May See the Launching of
the Battleship Ohio.
. The Ohio Society of California met last
night at Mystic Hall and appointed Colo
nel J. P. Jackson; Henry Hilp and Colonel
John A. Whlteslde a committee to devise
plans for the celebration of the launch
ing of the battleship Ohio, now nearlng
completion at the Union Iron Worka, It
la expected that President McKlnley,
Governor Nash and other prominent Ohio
officials will attend the launching. The
society has added many members during
the last year and at present is in a flour
ishing condition. A banquet was voted
on to take place In February.
FEAR DROVE HER TO DEATH.
Mrs. Anderson, Wife of a Sea Cap
tain, Drank Carbolic Acid.
Mental anguish at the thought that her
husband might never return from a trip
to sea' caused Mrs. A. Anderson, resid
ing at 316 Twenty-eighth street, to take
her life yesterday by drinking carbolic
acid.
Captain John E. Anderson, the woman's
husband, is In command of the barken
tlne John Smith. Some time before Christ
mas he sailed for northern ports and his
return was long delayed. The hours of
suspense deranged the woman mentally,
but she recovered when her husband's
vessel sailed Into port Just before Christ
mas. Recently, however, Anderson ¦ de
parted for another voyage to Ballard,
Wash., and anxiety for his safety again
preyed upon her reason.
Early yesterday morning the woman
arose and left . the house. ' Her absence
was not discovered until some time later,
when one Of her children awakened. A
search was instituted and she was found
on the top of the Noe street hill, writh
ing in pain. She had taken carbolic ncid.
Everything possible was done to save her
life, but she expired last evening about
7 o'clock. She was the mother of four
small children. Her husband was noti
fied of the sad case by wire.
SHRINERS TO MAKE MERRY.
Nobles of Islam Temple to Give a
Unique Banquet.
Invitations have been Issued for a grand
banquet to be given by Islam Temple,
Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, in Golden
Gate Hall next Wednesday, which prom
ises to be a unique affair. The banquet is
Intended as an auspicious opening of the
twentieth century. The affair will be in
memory of •Abd-ElTKadlr-ibn-Mahee-ed-
Deen, who saved 13,000 Christians from
massacre. There will be "Joyful proces
sions," "Oriental mysteries." "Dervish
ordeals," "illuminated mosques," "Mos
lem rejoicings," "brilliant minarets" and
other features of like tenor.
"Bear in mind this is the great feast
known as 'Moleedoos-Seyyeedeh-Kay
neb,' and the faithful distribute bread,
water and Bait to perpetuate the char
ities of 'Iman's daughter.' At this tradi
tional banquet ¦¦• .-.-. -¦¦>
"The Zem Zem fountain will play;
The chanters Al Koran will bray;
The yobbur good things will recite.
And Difafat 'Anton' will dine us and
wine U3 all night. -
Bring along your 'claws and fez,'
Biled shirt and patent leather shoes.
And don't forget to bring five plunks
To square yourself for last year's
dues!"
On Wednesday, February 21, the Nobles
of Islam Temple will have a theater party.
The committee having the affair in charge
has secured the exclusive use of one of
the leading theaters. After the perform
ance the Nobles and Ladles will repair to
a commodious banquet hall, where re
freshments in Oriental style will be pro
vided for the guests.
It is intended that there shall be a ses
sion of Islam Temple each month during
the present year and initiations will be in
order at each session. Three of the ses
sions will be held at Sacramento, Stockton
and San Jose, respectively.
FIRE COMMISSIONERS
PREPARING THEIR AX
Dougherty Re-elected Assistant Chief and
Shaughnessy Second Assistant Chief
of the Department.
AT a special meeting of the new
Board of Fire Commissioners, hi'.J
yesterday afternoon at their apart
ments bl the new City Hall, the old
"push" was agrUn installed in the
eeats it iormerly' graced by the will
cf Boss Rainey, John Dougherty being se
lected as assistant chief and P. H.
Ehaughnesfy as second assistant chief.
The programme, as arranged by Mayor
Phelan and his favorites, was carried out
without a hltcn. and the unanimity of ac
tion on the part of the Commissioners i
proved pretty clearly the charge preferred j
against the Mayor that every man he has j
placed on a commission was given the p«j- i
Eitlon with the clear understanding that
he "stand in" on any old thing the heart
of the city executive might desire. •
The meeting was called to order by
President Watt at 5 o'clock, a full board
being present. Chief Sullivan was the only
person present except the secretary and a
Call reporter. No time was lost in skir
mishing. President Watt merely announc
ing that an election was to be held in
accordance with the desire of Chief Sul-
The "following officials were elected by
unanimous vote. Commissioners Hecht
end Grady doing most of the nominating:
Assistant chief. John Dougherty; second
assistant chief. P. H. Shaughnc-ssy; bat
talion chiefs. M. J. Dolan, John Wills.
William Waters, E. F. McKlttrirk. T. M.
Fernandez, J. J. Conlon and John Mc-
Cluskey.
The battalion chiefs were elected in the
order of their entering the department
and on recommendation of Chief Sullivan
were assigned for duty In the districts
over which they have recently had
charge. The districts of the fire wardens
were aW> arranged in deference to the
will of Chief Sullivan.
President Watt inquired the present
status of the department and was frank
ly Informed by the Chief that It was in a
most "d<-mora'.lzed condition" for various
reasons, the most important being the un
certainty of wbere the ax is to fall. That
the force Is to be largely depleted was
evidenced by the action of the Commis
sioners In preparing a number of blanks
to be sent the different foremen which the
firemen must fill out voluntarily. These
blanks are expected to furnish the data
required in relegating a number of the
force to the "waiting list."
Answers are required to the following:
Name ar.d residence; nativity; date of
naturalization, if foreign born; age; mar
ried or single; number of children; date
of entering the department; position in
the department on July 1, 1S98;
present position in the department;
how lor.g in present position; wheth
er, the signer owns his own home
and what company house Is nearest:
particulars of transfers, and reasons; oc
cupation other than fireman while on the
call list; other present occupation; what
trouble, if health is bad; whether active
or waiting list is preferred; whether ap
plicant, if retained in department, is will-
Ing to give up all other business.
Tho commission adjourned without a
rfate "after Instructing the secretary to see
that the blanks are immediately dlstrib-
U Chief Sullivan's interpretation of the
row charter regarding the salaries of
drivers of engines, wagons and trucks Is
causing a deal of "kicking" In i the de
l artmtnt, but will save the city thou
sands of dollars. The charter provides
•Lbst drivers shaJl b* nald £S0 for the n»t
year. $90 for the second and $100 for tbe
third and succeeding years. The Chief
construes the charter as providing that
the service of the men begir.s with it 3
adoption and accordingly $10 has been
slashed off the salaries of all drivers.
It is contended that if the term of ser
vice begins with the adoption of the char
ter then this interpretation must also hold
good in the case of pensions, but Chief
Sullivan says such is not the case.
"Men are now drawing pensions who, if
such a construction were put upon the
charter, would cease to get any more
money," he said. "A man can be pen
sioned after he reaches the age of 65 and
the adoption of the new charter make 3
no change."
DEFICITS IN FUNDS.
Expert Williams Prepares Statement
for the Supervisors.
The Board of Supervisors was furnished
yesterday by Expert Cyril Williams with
a statement of the deficits In the various
city funds up to December 31, 1&99. includ
ing bilis on hand which have been passed
but not audited to January 11, IWO. The
statement follows:
Not under control of Supervisors — Paid
by order of court. $24.41563; statutory ex
penses, $9704 23; contract, $448 50; sundries,
$53,078E9; bills passed by Supervisors;
$7CO 03. Total. $118,406 94.
Under control of Supervisors—Advertis
ing, $795 90; hospital, partial. $2902 07;
smallpox hospital. $71 50; License Collec
tor's clerks, ?200; municipal reports,
$2767 04; police patrol, $242 75; County Jail 1,
repairs, $73 10; stationery and printing,
$407 98; janitors, $348 95; public building
furniture and repairs, $6547 37; public
building lights, $1776 05; urgent necessity,
$4792 12; copies of charter ordered, $643 90;
Street Department fund, $2013 44. Total,
$23,643 07. Grand total deficits. $142,050 01.
Against this amount there Is a surplus of
$3511 32 to the credit of several funds, re
aucing the deficit to $132.638 69. x\\
The claims of the Spring Valley Water
Works for $6610 73, by which amount their
Mils were reduced, are not included in the
statement. :'•• t*
DONOVAN APPOINTED.
He Is Now Chief Deputy in Charge of
Street Bureau.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
appointed A. J. Donovan chief deputy in
charge of the Bureau of Streets at a sal
ary of $2400 a year. Donovan reported
that William H. Lame, a bricklayer in the
employ of the .Street Department, had
been discharged at the request of a com
mittee headed by M. Brandon, president
of the Bricklayers' Union, who eald that
Lame was objectionable to the union and
that all members employed on city work
would be ordered to quit If Lame were not
dismissed. Lame filed a communication
stating that he attributed his discharge
to the fact that he owed two members of
the union. $100 and was willing to pay It
back at the rate of $1 a day if ne were re
instated. Action will be taken to-day.
The board decided that under the char
ter whenever a side sewer is to be con
structed the work of tearing up the street
and replacing it in its original condition
will be done under the supervision of an
Inspector appointed by tho board and by
laborers in the city's employ. Whenever
such work is to be done it will be neces
sary for the applicant to deposit a sum
equal to the estimated cost as ascertained
by the board.
Colonel Mendell called attention to tho
Dr. Heintz to Dr. McGettigan.
Dr. C. D. McGettigan, who has been re
appolnted a physician at the Receiving
Hospital, yesterday received the follow
ing letter from Dr. J. P. Heintz, with
whom he quarreled a short time ago:
My Dear Docto"r: In regard to the letter I
wrote you a few dayi ago I write to apologize
to you for doing so. I would state furthermore
that while you were a member of the hospital
ttaft you treated me moat courteously and con
sidering this and your skill as a physician and
surgeon I would like to express to you my high
est esteem. Believe me, yours very respectfully
DR. J. P. HEINTZ.
LAWLOR SAYS HE
WILL FIGHT FOR
REINSTATEMENT
Coffey and Carroll Are
With Him.
«V 1 11 J A 1 111 li
COMPLAINT BEING PREPARED
WILLIAMSON AND GAGE CLOSE
THEIR CONTROVERSY.
Notwithstanding the "cold feet" of Dr.
Barbat and those of Dr. Payne, ex-Health
Officer William P. Lawlor has determined
to contest In the courts the right of the
new Board of Health to its office. Dr.
Lawlor has been assisted in arriving at
this conclusion by Dr. W. B. Coffey, ex-
Secretary Edgar Carroll and former Quar
antine Officer Cohen. Just what are the
grounds upon which he will base his ac
tion he declines to state,' but It is likely
that he will seek to compel the board to
re-establish the local quarantine service
which it abolished at its last meeting.
Dr.- Lawlor holds, as does Mr. Carroll,
that the quarantine service Is essentially
a State institution and that the charter
and present board have .no Jurisdiction
over it, and it is said he will set forth
that contention in his complaint, relying
upon It to bring out sufficient legal lore
to determine whether or not the Health
Board Itself is a State organization.
On Thursday afternoon Mr. • Carroll
called upon Health Officer A. P. O'Brien
at the City Hall and informed him that
the old board denied the right of the new
to interfere in quarantine matters, and
since that time the new officials have been
in a quandary as to what to do with the
quarantine tug and the handsome office
furniture with which the harbor head
quarters was fitted up. They had intend
ed moving everything except the boat to
the City Hall for their own use, but upon
Carroll s notification they changed their
minds.
Governor Gage has been In conference
during the past few days with Dr. J. M.
Williamson as to what disposition to
make of the quarantine tug. Half a dozen
propositions were made, among them to
provide the craft with a. permanent berth
at the seawall, beach ' her somewhere
along Oakland Creek and take her up the
river to Sacramento, but none of the sug
gestions made proved satisfactory. The
doctor and the Governor got together
again yesterday, and Gage finally referred
the whole matter to Attorney George A.
Knight, who suggested that the tug be
turned over to the Harbor. Commission to
be used and cared for by that organiza
tion: That suited Dr. Williamson, and to
day Mr. Knight will confer with the Har
bor Commissioners to see if they will ac
cent the charge.
¦The twelve 'newly appointed .. assistant
police surgeons arrived at the health
rooms early, yesterday morning and' were
presented with their official appointments.
They then' proceeded to draw lots to sec
which slx> of them should serve the first
six months and which the next. Owing to
a shortage of funds only six may. serve
at a time, so that the $100 Balary attached
to the position means in reality but $50.
As there are to be a number of changes
made In the drawing it was impossible to
g.et an accurate list of those who will
serve. The names will, however, be an
nounced at the next regular meeting of
the board.
the project. The following dispatch re
futes the statement:
MILWAUKEE, Wls., Jan. 12.— Gustav
G. Pabst, first vice president of the Pabst
Brewing Company of this city, when
shown the dispatch from San Francisco
announcing the formation of a syndicate
of Eastern brewers in opposition to the
local field in that city, said that there was
absolutely not a word of truth in the re
port as far as the Pabst Brewing Com
pany was concerned. Mr. Pabst added
further that he had not heard nor did
he believe that any such combination was
projected. ." ¦-;
SUPERVISORS DIVIDE
LOAVES AND FISHES
At a Dark Lantern Caucus They Follow
Phelan's Dictation and Hand Out Their
Office Patronage as He Directs.
UNDER lock and key, with th*
double protection of a cordon of
. special police and office deputies,
the Board of Supervisors last night
held another of its "dark lantern"
sessions. The Inquisitive public,
and It was largely represented, was com
pelled to cool its heels for two hours on
the flags of the City Hall corridors, and
after it was all over it transpired that
nothing really serious had happened —
nothing, in fact, that the board had any
reason to keep from those interested. •:"
The principal business of the caucus
was the distribution of the few loaves, and
fishes which were in the board's keeping,
and that proved a very simple matter, as
Mayor Phelan had already indicated to
whom they were to go. Any action
taken by the board was merely perfunc
tory and simply a ratification of th«
Mayor's previous decision.
Upon the recommendation of the Fin
ance and Judiciary Committees, it was
decided to create four clerkships at a sal
ary of $150. and two others with a month
ly stipend of $125. One of the clerkships
existing under the old board was abol
ished. When it came to filling the place?
thus created the programme went through
with little in the way of opposition. There
were a few who declined to accept the
Mayor's dictation, and they kicked to such
effect that they finally forced an agree
ment that when Jt came to ratification In
open meeting no member should be bounj
by the caucus agreement.
As The Call stated would be the case.
John A. Russell was retained as chief
clerk and John A. Ryan as his assistant.
Mr. Russell's salary was fixed at $300 per
month and that of Mr. Ryan at $150.
Cyril Williams, formerly expert of the Fi
nance Committee, was made expert to tha
board at a salary of $175. The three were
placed In nomination by Supervisor Reed.
On motion of Supervisor Tobin. A. W.
Thompson was retained as a clerk at a
salary of $150. Then three of Mayor Phe
lan's bunch were put through for clerk
ships. They were John E. Behan. John
Lenihan and T. Donlan. Lenihan and
Donlan fell in for the two $125 salaries;
Behan won the higher figure. C. W. Me-
Kenna. one of the old force, was retained
as a clerk at a salary of $130. Captain
Anderson, another Phelan nominee, was
made sergeant at arms and awarded a
salary of $100 per month.
Supervisor Helms proposed the name of
Fred Elliott, the present assistant clerk,
but his • nomination received no second.
The same fate awaited Harry Farquhar
son, who resigned from the office soma
months ago. Farquharson had a number
of friends on the board, but they wera
promptly turned down at the mention of
his name. Supervisor Curtis raised a
question as to the eligibility of Thomp
son to hold a clerkship. He said he had
been Informed that Mr. Thompson lived
in Alameda. and upon his suggestion tha
matter was referred to the Judiciary
Committee for Investigation.
Supervisor Reed wanted the board to
start right In buying public utilities, and
he had a resolution with him providing
that the Spring Valley Water Company
should be the first to be brought up. His
fellow members, however, considered tha
matter premature and consideration was
postponed Indefinitely.
dsco their nest. The Mayor of San Fran
cisco has bo decided, and the members of
the Police Commission have promised to
obey his orders. These are serious alle
gations, but they are called forth by what
is perhaps the most serious emergency in
the history of San Francisco. They are
grave charges, but The Call, recognizing
Its responsibility, Is prepared to prove
them. *
The Call Is prepared to prove that three
of the men upon the Police Commission
were forced to* pledge their votes for
Frederick L. Esola, alias Frederick Har
rington, for Chief of Police before they
received a guarantee of their own ap
pointment. The Call is prepared to prove
that Mayor Phelan's ltch'.ng ambition to
be United States Senator prompted him
to turn the Police Deportment . entirely
into the hands of certain influences in ex
change for the support of a certain news
paper in his Senatorial candidacy. The
Call is prepared to prove that the Mayor
himself, bound and helpless by this com
pact, did not know the names of the pres
ent Police Commission until they were
handed to him by the men who command
that Esola shall be Chief of Police.
The Call is prepared to prove that thl3
gigantic conspiracy to subvert the city's
most powerful engine of order and good
nor a suspicion of reproach against his
private character. He has labored In this
city to advance Its welfare, but he is
pledged to vote for. Frederick Lawren,ce
Esola, alias Frederick Harrington, for
Chief of Police and knows that Esola will
appoint Jules J. Callundan, alias Worth
ington, 'Chief of Detectives.
In obeying this pledge Mr. Thomas will
make himself the patron of gamblers,
thieves, criminals and social outcasts.
Does he wish to accept the responsibility?
In electing Esola Chief of Police Mr.
Thomas will place his official and approv
ing seal upon bribery and blackmail. He
will give dreaded legality to dives and
dens of gross vice. He will establish
gambling dens upon a plane of recognized
Industry. He will bring to the doors of
his own home and to thousands of other
homes the contaminating breath of evil.
Does he think that his pledge Is worth
the price?
When he Is asked for whom he has
voted for Chief of Police and Chief of De
tectives Is he willing to admit the truth
and say two men with aliases? In de
scribing the virtues of the Chief of De
tectives will Mr. Thomas be ready to say
that the Chief of Detectives of San Fran
cisco is a man who robbed his employer,
attempted to place his guilt upon an in-
have been Police Commissioners. Both
know the tremendous powers for evil of
the Chief of Police. Both are interested
in ventures that bring moral 111 health,
crime, misery, dishonor and death to the
city. Both, therefore," are vitally Inter
ested to advance their own fortunes, to
protect the operations of those that prey
upon society and to Insure what Gunst
attempted when he was a Commissioner
of Police — a wider open town.
This Is the conspiracy that menaces the
people of San Francisco. It is the plot
that will not only place the law-abiding
citizens of San Francisco at the mercy of
criminal elements, but It will ramify until
Its influences are at the doors of every
decent home. Instead of blotting out the
moral plague spots of the town. It will
breed new one?. Instead of killing the
agencies of gross vice that smear the
public thoroughfares, It will place them
under police protection. Instead of guard
ing the young and inexperienced from the
snares of gamblers, It will plant gamb
ling.devices at every turn. This is Mayor
Phelan's first gift to new San Francisco.
And the donating agents are the mem
bers of the new Police Commission. Wil
liam Thomas, Police Commissioner, Is a
lawyer of reputation In this city. There
is not a stain upon his professional honor
government Into a machine of blackmail
and crime and disorder goes even still fur
ther. This paper is ready to prove that
Frederick L. Esola, alias Harrington, Is
boasting upon the streets that his elec
tion as Chief of Police was assured when
the ballots had been counted for Mayor
Phelan. Esola Is boasting that the elec
tion of a Chief of Police will be a mere
formality to give legality to his commis
sion.
This paper Is prepared to prove that
Frederick L. Esola, alias Harrington, has
already chosen his chief of detectives and
that his choice Is Jules J. Callundan, alias
Worthington, thief, defaulter and once a
fugitive from the justice of the employer
he had robbed. This paper is prepared
to prove that as an incident to the con
spiracy Callundan was smuggled into the
department and awaits now only the cul
mination of the plot that shall raise him
from the position of a peculating employe
to the tremendous control of an engine
that may be one of unlimited blackmail
and crime.
Conspiracies of such magnitude neces
sarily bring about strange associations.
Leagued In the effort to secure Esola's
election are Mose Gunst, gambler,
and Dan Burns, embezzler, discredited of
ficial and fugitive. Both of these men
COMPLETING THE ANTE-ELECTION DEAL WHICH DELIVERS THE CITY TO ITS CRIMINAL ELEMENTS.
nocent man and then "fled under an as
sumed name to escape Justice? If Mr.
Thomas is willing to do all this and more
that will shame an honorable man then
he will keep his, pledge.
Wllllam J. Biggy. Police Commissioner,
Is prominently in the public eye at pres
ent. He has nothing in his public life to
regret. As State Senator and as Registrar
of Voters he Justified a tribute for his
honesty of purpose and action. As acting
Chief of Police he is stirring the foul
spots of the town until the stench afflicts
the nostrils of decent men. He Is pledged
by his promise to vote for Frederick Law
rence Esola, alias Harrington, not only
to undo what he has begun, but to cover
the blight with the mantle of police pro
tection. Does Mr. Biggy enjoy the pros
pect?
Does he wish to establish a chain that
can be held together only by bribery?
When Mr. Biggy was In the State Senate
he startled the State by publicly denounc
ing an officer on a charge of corruption.
Does Mr. Biggy wish now to Inaugurate
a system of corruption that will feed upon
crime? He Is thoroughly informed of the
situation. Does he consider his pledge
more sacred than his honor? Is he. willing
to permit another to pledge away what
he has striven, through a long public ca-
CONSPIRACY TO BETRAY THE CITY TO CRIMINALS
Compact to
Make the Po
lice Depart
ment a Gi
gantic Agent
of Blackmail.
Terms Upon Which
Mayor Phelan Has
Sacrificed the Wel
fare of the City to
Advance His Politi
cal Ambition.
I=3 FIE people of San Francisco are
facing one of the most serious dan
gers In their history. The Mayor
I of the city and the Police Com
mission have taken a contract to
deliver the city to Its criminal element*,
to legalize vice and corruption, to throw
the town open to gamblers, thieves,
scoundrels and outcasts r.f both sexe*.
The compact was made before election; It
Is to be carried into effect now. It v.lll
b<? concluded when Police Lieutenant
I'rederick L. Esola is elected Chief of Po
lice and Jules J. Callundan chief of de
tectives. When this Is done, and the Po
lice Commission is pledged to do It, a pow
erful agency of blackmail will have been
established In the City Hall to prey upon
the people of the city, good and evil alike.
The very center of government will be a
nest of thieves, organized to practice
thievery, to protect blacklegs and to In
vite to San Francisco the criminal cle
xnrr.ts that thrive upon official Indulgence
end support.
The Police Department of this city, by
¦LBlborlty of the Mayor and the Police
Commission, is to be transformed Into a
gigantic thieves' fence. Its tremendous
powers are to be used not to suppress vices
and corruption, but to encourage, protect
and nurse them, that blackmail may be
levied upon them. The dens of Chinatown
and the lawless gambling of Chinese are
not to be wiped out, but are to be agencies
cf profit for official blacklegs.
The dives that insolently flaunt their
pruriency and Indecency before the senses
cf men and women and children on our
public thoroughfares are not to be driven
Jiito the shadows of the byways, but are
to remain as legalized dens of vice to cor
rupt the unwary and to rob and debase
the unsuspecting. Their headquarters will
be In the office of the Chief cf Police.
The horde of sure-thing gamblers. East
cm criminals and 6ocial outcasts are not
to be hedged by police vigilance, but are
to operate under police patronage.
The social vultures that are hovering
around the city waiting to flood it with
their filth of social evil, crooked gambling
and desperate crimes are to find San Fran-
Mammoth Plot
to Make the
Town a Prey
to Its De
praved Ele
ments.
The Election of F. L
Esola Involves the
Appointment of J. J.
Callundan, a De
faulter, as Chief of
Detectives.
reer, to preserve? Is he ready to staml
sponsor for the unspeakable elements that
will rule Ban Francisco under the admin
istration to which he Is pledged?
'George A. Newhall, Police Commission
er, 13 new to official public life. Does ha
wish to characterize his f.rst public acts
by a policy that will outrage every prin
ciple of his private life? Is he willing to
place the lives and property and reputa
tions of the people of San Francisco In
the keeping of a man who has dishonored
his trust, betrayed his employer and
preyed upon the criminals that cam©
within his Influence? Is Mr. Newhall
ready to allow another man to barter
away his honor and make him sponsor for
men whose names he would not daro
breathe In the sanctity of his home? Is
he ready, as the Initial act of his publlo
life, to Inflict upon San Francisco an
administration that will bring moral dis
ease at home and dishonor abroad?
Dr. >V. F. McNutt. Police Commission
er, Is a physician of repute. Ho has won
his reputation by those efforts which
merit praise and the good will of his fel
lows. Is he willing. In obedience to a
pledge, to make a blackleg bis official
representative to the people of this city?
Is he ready to put a -premium upon crime,
to legalize bribery, to transform the
Police Department Into a thieves' agency >
He knows the results of his vote. He
knows that the focces represented by
men with aliases are powerful. Will he
give them such a power as to appall tho
city and leave It at the mercy of thosa
who prey upon society?
There Is little wonder that the matter
has agitated the public. Men of business
and* of affairs realize the danger. They
know the tremendous power for evil
which the Police Department may wield
If .thrown Into evil hands. And the ques
tion remains: Will the Police Commis
sion, bound by a pledge, transform tha
gigantic engine of the Police Department
Into a protecting agency of crime? The
honorable members of the commission
will do so If they elect Frederick Law
rence Esola. alias Harrington, Chief of
Police. And If they do bo the dishonor
will be theirs, and the profits will be for
the Callundans. the Gunsta and the crim
inal crew upon which they prey.
THE SAX FKAKGISCO CAIjL., SATURDAY, JAISTTARY 13, 1900.
MAXWELL'S PETITION DENIED.
May Proceed Against Fire Commis
sioners in the Superior Court.
The application of George Maxwell to
the Supreme Court for a writ of man
date to compel the Board of Fire" Com
missioners to reinstate him as secretary
of that commission has tailed. Maxwell
was ousted by the new officials of that
department to make room for Joseph C.
Gorman, whom Mayor Phelan had prom
ised to seat In the oClce held by Maxwell.
The latter decided to contest the appoint
ment, feeling particularly aggrieved at
the Mayor, for whom he had worked In
the recent campaign and from whom he
expected to receive a reappointment to
his old. position. When Maxwell tooktha
case to the Supreme Court ne did not re
cite that there were any political ob.iga
ttons that had not tyen fulfilled to nls
benefit, but dealt with legal points alone
His contention was that under the new
charter the Commissioners had the power
to elevate or derate members of the de
partment, or to remove officers and mem
bers from one position to one of a similar
grade, but to "fire bodily" never without
cause or trial. Hence the petition to man
damus the board to reseat him. His rea
son for applying to the Supreme Court
so he stated, was that the urgency of
the case demanded Immediate and final
action. Chief Justice Beatty called his
associates together yesterday morning
and they concluded that Maxwell had
made a mistake In filing the original pro
ceeding in the higher court, and the order
of the court was. "Petition denied with
sksbsj ssaasrs £-«•s¦£
14