THE BATTLE OF BELMONT.
The above picture, taken from the London Graphic, shows well the 'final movement in the capture : of Spion Kop by General Warren's
men, as described in the dispatches. The advance in open order up the steep slope and . the encounter at close; quarters on | the crest have been
more than once repeated in the Natal campaign. : < v / r : • . :• V v / .
Mother of an Editor Dead.
DEN\ER. Colo.. Jan. 25.-Mrs. Eliza
beth Malone. mother of Rev. Thomas H.
Malone. editor of the Rocky Mountain
Catholic and well known as an author and
lecturer, died at the home of her son to
nlfbt. aged 77 years.
LONDON, Jan. 26, ll:O5 A. M.---Xhe>
\A/ar Office announces that General
;\A/arren has abandoned Spion Kop.
FREDERICK L. ESOLAj has been
withdrawn by his sponsor. Mayor
James D. Phelan. as a candidate for
Chief of Police. The chief magis
trate of this city cannot keep his
discreditable ante-election compact. He
cannot make of the Police Department of
San Francisco a chattel t which must be
included among his personal belongings,
to be pawned or bartered as the exigen
cies of his political bargains may dictate.
The people of this city have been saved
from a reign of terror in which the su
premacy of the evil elements of metro
politan life would be a menace. to every
home. A decent public opinion has won
a triumph in which all good citizens have
a share and have the deepest reasons for
congratulation.
In the flght to prevent the success of
the gigantic conspiracy of political schem
ers to transform a great instrument of
good government into a machine for evil
doing, for a network of bribery, for the
indulgence and protection of crime, some
reputations have been lost, some political
suns have set in the oblivion of dishon
orable acts; but those that have been
punished raised themselves to a bad emi
nence of evil power and deserve the re
buke which they have received.
The city will not be burdened by a dis
honest police administration planned by
political tricksters as the price and re
ward for influence. The Police Commis
sioners have risen superior to the tremen
dous political pressure placed upon them.
They have proved themselves worthy of
the names which they have won in this
community. They have asserted their
manhood and have in their actions an
nounced to Mayor Phelan that bis gift of
office to them did not make them his pup
pets, to be pulled or crushed as his fancy
dictated. They have announced to him in
their deliberations that he cannot buy and
sell them as he negotiates his bonds. This
victory is instinct with meaning to the
people of San Francisco. The struggle
to secure it possessed no element of par
tisanship. It was tainted by no unworthy
motive. It was Inspired solely by the de
mand for a pure, decent public policy, to
which the people of San Francisco are en
titled.
The victory, which means so much to
the people of this . city . .was won yester
day at the im»etlng of the Police Com
mission. Untn the very l«t moment
Mayor Phelan. recreant to the high trust
Imposed in him, unfaithful to the.princi
ples which bring honor to public men,;
strove to force the commission to pay his
political debts. ..Indeed, his messenger in
vaded the very meeting room of the Com*
missioners to plead, cajole and threaten.
The Mayor was In consultation with the
man to whom he had sold his political
honor. He devised, in the desperation of
a lost cause, to find some way to avoid
the crash of failure so quickly following
the odium of dishonest acts and the ex
pose of a trickster's cheap scheme. But
there was no way out.- The Mayor had
pleaded again with some of the Commis
sioners to give him tho poor boon of a
fictitious success, that under it and the
charity of silence he might escape.
* He asked them supplicatlngly to appoint
Esola if only for two weeks; to make him '
a temporary Chief of Police; to do any
thing that might permit his Honor to es
cape from the scorching light of public
scorn. But the Commissioners were ob
durate. Their own reputations were at
stake. They knew the significance of the
scheme and the serious meaning of plac
ing the Police Department in the hands of
men who would use it for their own pur
poses.
Each Commissioner was prepared to re
port his findings in the investigation of
the young lieutenant, behind whom the
Mayor and his fellow-conspirators wore
working. In substance the report of Com
missioner Newhall was to the effect that
Esola Is incompetent and unfit for the
position of Chief of Police. Commissioner
Biggy was ready to report that Esoia is
not only Incompetent but for other rea
sons is an unworthy aspirant for the of
fice. Commissioner Thomas had prepared
a report exonerating Esola from the spe
cific charges > preferred . by an evening
"newspaper. This report Commissioner Mc-
Nutt was ready to sign.
The commission was thus In a deadlock
and the delay In reaching a conclusion
convinced the .liayor that all hope of
electing Esola was lost. Mayor Phelan
(Royal) Dragoons has sent a telegram to
the Emperor from Spearmans Camp as
follows: ''The Royal Dragoons send their
respectful greetings on the anniversary of
the birthday of their colonel-ln-chief." ¦
The Emperor replied: "The colonel-in
chief sends the Royal Dragoons his best
thanks for their wishes."
. ¦ ¦*¦...-.. •
TOLSTOI HOPES TO
HEAR OF BRITISH REVERSE
•MOSCOW, Jan. 25.— Count Leo, Tolstoi,
in an Interview published . in the Russkl
Llstok, denounces the war in South Af
rica as showing the "sordid And soulless
commercialism that rules the world."
He says: "I hope daily to hear of a
fresh British reverse. It is incomprehen
sible to me that England, boasting her
self to be the, land of freedom, should
wish to crush small republics which have
never done her the slightest Injury."
ENGLAND'S AWAKENING.
LONDON, Jan. 25.— William St. -John
Broderick. Under Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs, speaking last evening at
Newark, said:
•"The Government has not yet controlled
the generals in their operations nor stinted
MUCH HARD FICHTING
YET AHEAD OF BULLER
British Relief Column Cannot Reach L,ady smith
Unless a Most Important, Battle , Is- W^on.
General Warren Has Abandoned Spion Kop.
ESOLA IS WITHDRAWN
FROM A LOST CAUSE
Decency Wins a Triumph Be
fore the Police Commission.
The Way Is Now Clear fop the Election of
a Man Who Is Qualified to Be
FIGARO FILES CROSS
COMPLAINT FOR DAMAGES
In Beply to Count Castellane's Salt
for 100,000 Francs, the Paper
'-':' Sues for 200,000.
I PARIS, Jan. 26.— The Figaro publishes
this morning the following statement by
the manager of the paper:
: "Comte Bonl de Castellane having bad
inserted in several newspapers his dis
patch o.f yesterday, which our chief editor
personally could afford to disdain, but
whose evident Intention was to injure the
commercial prosperity of the Figaro Com
pany, we have decided, to reply .to the
Comte's claim of 100,000 francs. by a cross
action for 200,000 francs as damages." ¦-
FIRE RUINS
A BLOCK IN
VICTORIA
¦ c
VICTORIA B. C. Jan. 25.— What threat
ened to be one of the biggest fires Victoria
has ever known was fortunately, checked
to-night, and the flames confined to one
block which was wholly destroyed. Loss
will not exceed $5000.
LONDON. Jan. 17.— The following ac
count of the" battle of Colenso. written by
an 'infantry officer present, was received
by to-day's mail:, ¦- * .
"After that most terrible one-sided bat
tle of- Colenso last Friday I fainted -when
I got to camp from sunstroke, and on
Saturday morning I found that I had dys
entery. How any one escaped on Friday
Is a marvelto me. We were nine and a
half hours under fire, and It was like a
severe hailstorm on a tin roof. I could
not put my glasses up without hearing
•phlt-phit-phit.' From the very first I saw
It would be no go. Directly we got under
fire a corporal said to me. 'I wonder how
many Boers there are hidden in that wood
opposite along the Tugela River;*
"I said. 'I expect it is full of them, as
Buller has never shelled It at all.' I was
right. Two companies of the Twenty
third went in, and Jolly soon came out
through us and exposed our four compa
nies to a double fire, and I don't see bow
we escaped at aIL Then I saw about three
companies of the Seventh Fusileers go in
on the left of the taken guns, and they
soon came out of it. After that we were
told to advance a bit, and eventually we
were called off as escort to the lost guns,
with the result that we retired (when or
dered to^and Tommy* did not like the
word at all), and had six officers taken
and over 100 men killed, wounded miss
in* or prisoners out of a total of thirteen
officers and 372 men with which we start
ed at' 4 a. m."
"I never was in ; such a veritable fix
and hope I shall never be again, and then,
to add to it all, they peppered us with
shot, shell and those beastly - I-pound
Maxim-Nordenfeldt shells and- Mausers
until we had retired well out of range.
"But poor Tommy' was simply grand.
On the troops went through it aIL They
never hesitated one moment, never
flinched. On they went, with destruction
and death and agony all around them. I
shall never forget the sight. A man was
hit; on the line went. A shell fell be
tween two men at six paces; on they
went. A shell blew a poor captain of
the Connaught Rangers to bits. A sub
altern of the Inniskilllngs close by looked
back, but could see absolutely no trace
of his comrade left, and I see he is re
ported as missing, as they could not find
him. and yet on went the line. My own
company . was most light hearted. One
old soldier, who used to be the quarter
master's storeman at Chatham, was in
front of me while we once were ordered
to turn in file to the left and wheel to
right to double about half a mile to the
right flank of the guns, and when a bul
let whizzed very close. to him he began
to play antics and skip about, laughing
and joking the while. The bullets were
as thick as bees and I had several mighty
close to my head. Directly we halted and
lay down. Showers of bullets came. It
was truly a one-sided game, as we could
see no one to aim at at all. Just before
we lay down a private behind me said;
'Sir.. I don't know how we got through
all this without one of us getting hit. X
think God must be good to us to-day.' I
was much impressed by what this man
said.
"To show what a good fellow Tommy*
is. when near camp I felt very ill. my
legs were giving way. I had a pain In
my back (the sun and no food since 3
a. m.). so one of the company asked leave
to fall out and rush off to the railway,
where he bad seen a train from Frere
received here from 'Jebba I that . Captain
Carroll of the Norfolk Regiment and 150
men of -the West 'African frontier force
while escorting the telegraph construction
staff were attacked on January 9 by 2000
Mitchi and Basa tribesmen. Captain
Eaton of the East Kent Regiment and
twelve others , were. wounded and one
member of the escort was killed. The
tribesmen left eighty dead. .. . '.
Jebba is probably northwest of Lokoja.
on the Niger, in which vicinity apparently
the attack was made. ; : '_; -" . • <
' * ¦ • »¦ — r ¦¦• ¦ ' "
OUT OF THE QUESTION
UNTIL AFTER THE WAR
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted,' 1800. by. James Gordon
Bennett.
BERLIN, Jan. 25— The Weser Zeitung
gives a semi-official " denial of the report
that Germany has /already : taken : the Ini
tiative in summoning a conference for
the regulation of maritime rights and has
laid before the powers the principal points
on which an agreement is necessary. . . •
The Weser Zeitung declares that the
summoning of -such a conference before
the end of the war is oat of the question;
It is, however, likely that after. the war
the powers will come to an agreement on
the matter. . >"--, '» : - • •* . v,'. : V '*
Dr. Leyds will arrive in Berlin on Sat
urday. . ¦• ' -< : - *¦"¦¦ '¦>¦¦__ .-.\i-._ i .:: : \
WILLIAM SENDS GOOD
WISHES TO THE DRAGOONS
BERLIN. Jan. 1 25.— The ; NorthS German
Gasette this evening publishes the follow
ing: The commander of the British First
slopes of Mount Tabamyana. would be
continues on the . fifth. They therefore
may have strengthened their : right, leav
ing Spion Kop. which it is possible they,
deemed Inaccessible, with only a i mall
garrison. This was General Warren's
chance. 'y.i^'':-;-:^.-'*- - --....¦.' ¦ •
The Boers massed on Mount Tabamyana
discovered on Wednesday morning that
Splon Kop had been taken by the Britlsn
attack, and endeavored to drive Warren's
men from the position which they had
won. For the whole- of Wednesday ;,*.bey
stormed it with shot and shell, but the
British troops held on. When Buller sent
his telegram Splon Kop was still in Brit
ish hands. . . • i'j '^T' I;
Owing . to the night march and suuden
surprise of the Boer garrison Warren did
not suffer many casualties before dawn
broke, but Buller states that the shell fire
of the enemy was very deadly during
Wednesday and that the loss was consid
erable. • .
It is hardly possible that the British
were able to. get any guns up to Splon
Kop before Wednesday night, and in con
sequence they were probably unable to
reply to the Boer artillery on the sur
rounding eminences.
There is no doubt, however, that. during
Wednesday and Thursday the British
guns were moved up under cover of dark
ness, jjj With the artillery in place upon
Splon Kop, the country can be swept for
three .or four miles around. The Boer
positions, on two ridges running to the
northwest and northeast at a level of 300
feet below, are commanded by the sum
mit.- • .. '•;.'¦. :j.
Splon Kop is nine miles in a direct line
from bewdrop. / where •¦¦-, many - important
roads converge, and sixteen - miles from
Ladysmith.
* If the Boers are forced back from their
present | position > the f [ two g roads j from
Trichafds Drift 'and Potgleters Drift,
which > con verge : ;'on Dewdrop, should be
set. ? free .for Warren's, division and Lyt
telton's brigade. , :
Behind Spion Kop there are several -fine
positions for defense, which will doubtless
be taken possession of by the Boers. The
most advanced one is Schumansdal, four
miles, to the' north, or General Joubert
may : seek , to . concentrate his forces at
eitner Arnot. Hill Farm or Dewdrop,
where' he can make strong defensive-posi
tions. . ' v~ - * * t
_'. It , is ' evident at least' one more
battle will have -to be fought before Bul
ler can stretch his hand to White. ;
No list of casualties in the recent fight-
Ing has been received, but the Daily Mall
states that General Woodgate; one of
Warren's brigade * commanders, whom
Buller f reported , -to be dangerously
wounded, has sinee -died. ..
In vie w o f the hard fighting. General
Buller may need considerable reinforce
ments.": while the Ladysmlth garrison is
probably short' of ammunition -'and .will
not be able to give much help till the re
lief column draws much nearer to the
town." ¦ , ''*¦'-¦- ':S '
On the Stock Exchange the news of the
taking of Spion; Kop was received with
great enthusiasm, but there was no jump
in prices, as the disposition is to profit
by past experience and exercise caution
until confirmatory* information ' has been
received that the -Boer position Is really
untenable, and that the British victory is
a substantial one. < «
TRIBESMEN ATTACK
THE BRITISH TROOPS
> LAGOS, Colony of Lagos, ' British West
'Africa; "Jan: 25.— Advices have ! just been
them in j the^ forces they have' demanded.
We have implicitly followed the guidance
of military, advices." •/ ~ ,
Later in the speech he remarked: "It
should be the duty- of the Government and
the Parliament to see that our. military
organization is made equal to the needs of
the empire.", : ' ; • -
MACRUM AND LEYDS.
,- PARIS, 1 Jan.- 25, &• a. m.— The- Patrie
¦yesterday asserted that Charles E. Ma
crum, . former .United States >. Consul at
Pretoria, -had visited the foreign Office
with Dr. Leyds* "In order to fulfill a mis
sion intrusted to him by President Kru
ger.'.' : :¦/ ?¦:>'
The Foreign Office declares the story a
"fake" and. Dr. Leyds in an Interview
published this morning says 'there is not
a ¦ word of truth in the statement; that
he has not seen Mr. Macrum. and that he
is able to affirm publicly that Mr. Ma
crum Is not the bearer of any. letter from
Mr. Kruger. ,
AN OFFICER'S STORY
OF COLENSO DISASTERS
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
had been In conference with the Ueuten
ant's chief backer and with, him had
reached the Inevitable conclusion that the
desperate, disgraceful fight had been lost.'
The Mayor determined, therefore, to
snatch at least a little consolation from
the wreck of his plot so he sent his sec
retary. William P. Sullivan Jr.. to the
rooms of the Police Commission with a
proposal which was offered as a com
promised, but which possessed no other
significance than a plea for a poor con
cession. Mayor Phelan cared nothing then
that his movements were observed by
many.* He sought no longer to hide the
disgraceful fact that he bad attempted
to prostitute the commission- and was
striving still to Influence its action.
The - shame of that exposure was lost
In the dread of a greater one. and so
Colonel Sullivan knocked at the door of
the Commissioners' room and was ad
mitted. He came, he said, to offer a con
cession and to ask for one. He declared
that Mayor Phelan agreed to withdraw
Esola as a candidate for Chief of Police
if the Commissioners would agree to sign
a report exonerating the young lieuten
ant from the specific charges preferred
against him by an evening newspaper.
The Mayor was on his knees. He had no
power to consummate the plot which
clothes him now, in the garb of a discred
ited politician, whose greed for place
overmatched his judgment and covered
him with confusion.
* The Commissioners discussed the
Mayor's plea at length. It was finally
decided that public policy demands no
more than the removal of Esola as a pre
sumptuous aspirant for Chief of Police
and not necessarily his dismissal from the
Police Department. So the Mayor's plead
ing found a listening ear. and by a unani
mous vote the following resolution was
adopted:
In re charges preferred by Fremont Older
against F. U Esola.
W« find Frederick L. Esota not sullty on any
of the specific charges preferred against him
by Fremont Older. . ' •
This decision does not mean that the. board
bas come to any conclusion on the appoint
ment of a Chief of Police.
GEORGE A. XEWHAIX»
¦~*. — —¦~~v ~w.* J.- MOOT.""- .*^f-&S*52
VOLUAMTHOMAa
The concluding paragraph of the fore
going resolution settles F. L. Esola as •
candidate for Chief of Police of this city.
He has been withdrawn and the episode,
as far as he Is concerned, is over. Colonel
Sullivan left the rooms of the Commis
sioners with relief. The Commissioners
then discussed the claims of other candi
dates. The name of Police Captain G.
W. Wlttman was suggested, but friends of
his had already announced that he Is not
an aspirant for the position. He had
said that as a police captain he has a
lucrative position during good behavior
and he does not care to accept the larger
salary but shorter term of Chief of Police
with its haxard of political changes and
dubious consequences. Under these cir
cumstances his name was withdrawn
from the list of eligibles. Robert Hogran
and Charles Holbrook were also consid
ered, but the Commissioners did not deem
them available for the serious duties of
the -position. *
The Commissioners had canvassed all of
the candidates . and had accepted none.
The ground has been cleared, a serious
difficulty has been passed and the odor
of an unwelcome political nest has been
removed from the deliberations of the
commission. These gentlemen have In
sisted upon exercising their own personal
Judgment unhampered by anybody's
pledge or promise. They have nothing to
disturb their purpose to obey an honor
able public policy and to place in com
mand of the Police Department of this
city a man who shall be above reproach
and shall possess the experience and the
ability which shall qualify him to perform
the serious and grave duties of his office.
As The Call has said before it has no
candidate and will suggest none. The
Commissioners are men of affairs and of
varied "experience. They know the seri
ous obligation which has been placed upon
them in their relation to the people of
San Francisco and they are asked simply
to take a man of their own choosing to
administer honorably and efficiently the
tremendous machinery of the department
of police.*
LONDON. Jan. 28.— At 2 o'clock this
morning we know as j much as we
did at 10 o'clock yesterday morning
—nothing more. General Butler's
dispatch announcing the taking of
Splon Kop is the only Intelligence
which has reached London, and that Is so
brief that we have little detail of -what '
has happened. If Splon Kop 'ls situated
as indicated, at a point where two ridges
unite, running northeast to Dewdrop and
northwest to Acton Homes, its occupation
by the British troops must ha%*e cut the
advance of the Boer position in two.
According to General Buller's dispatch
General Warren thinks the position along
the Tugela has been rendered untenable
by the capture of Splon Kop, assuming, of
course, that the British are able to hold
it. The Boers were holding a very long
line. It was something like thirty miles
long, their extreme right being at Spicn
Kop arid Mount' Tabamyana. the center
opposite. Potgieters Drift and the left at
Colenso. It was impossible for them to
be equally strong in force throughout this
distance. While they held General Lyt
telton's brigade ( in check at Potgleters
Drift they tried an attack on Colenso.
which proved Ineffectual against Barton's
brigade.
It was natural for them to suppose that'
tl . i attack, which had gone on almost un
interruptedly for four days on the western
VOLUME LXXXVIT— NO. 57.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JAOTJARZ 26, 1 1900.
PRICE FIVE GENTS.
REIGN OF
TERROR IN
HONOLULU
Harvest of Death Is Increas
ing Daily in the
Islands.
ONE WHITE VICTIM
Armed Citizens of Hilo Meet Attor
ney General Cooper at Wharf
and Refuse Him Landing.
epedml Etapatch to The Gall.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Jan.
25. — A wharf laborer here has
been stricken with the bubonic
plague, and the attending doc
tors are of the opinion that he
was inoculated with th« dis
ease through the bite of a flea.
'TICTORIA. Jan. 25.— The harvest of
% / death Is -increasing dally at Hono
1/ lulu. - According to advices re-
IE oelved by the steamer Miowera,
which arrived this morning, when
*he left, on January 17, the death roll
had reached thirty-nine. She brought no
passengers from the Infected port, but her
purser says a thousand or more were of
fering, for ' there was a panic in the
plague-stricken city. The panic was due
to the fact that the last victim of the
plague had been a white woman and one
whose mode of life was such that none
would ever have dreamed that she would
have fallen a victim. " The lady, Mrs.
George E. Boardman. lived in the best of
style in a good part of the town. She
had a large house and kept several ser
vants. She was of excellent family and
prominent in church work of the city.
Her husband, who is an agent for the im
portation of Japanese laborers, has 'a
elight touch of Hawaiian blood. She was
certainly thought by all to be immune.
After an Illness of two weeks she de
veloped plague symptoms and on the 14th,
two days later, was dead.
Many are the stories told of how she be
came Infected. She was manager of
the art department. of a large store and, a
dead rat was found in her department.
ene 3L-jj*-rintet»<j«l the removal of therat
and it la thought she then contracted the
disease. Others say that one of her
servants wa» in the cordoned districts and
she secured his release from quarantine
and contracted the scourge from him.
When It was known that she had fallen
a victim the panic was intense and there
was talk of a general quarantine with the
suspension of all business. No such action
was, however, taken.
A sanitary committee has been organ
ised by the citizens, the town has been
<Jl\-lded and a volunteer Inspector ap
pointed to each district. Each person in
the district is seen twice a day by the in
spector. Thus it is hoped that each new
case will be discovered in its lnciplency
and thus the plague will be checked. The
citizens of Hllo have taken a firm stand
to prevent the landing of steamers there
from the Infected ports. Sheriff Andrews,
agent of the Board of Health, has issued
orders forbidding communication with
Honolulu, and the citizens armed with
guns and other weapons see that no
steamer lands from that port. Several
steamers which had permits from the
Board of Health were refused a* landing,
and even supplies and water. When the
Xlr.au was sent back without being allowed
to land the Board of Health sent Attorney
General Cooper as its agent, at the same
time revoking the commission of . An
drews. When Cooper reached Hilo he
was refused a landing, a mob armed with
guns, etc, gathering on the wharf to pre
vent him. On Andrews going on the
Klnau to consult with Cooper the mob
also refuted to allow him to return ashore,
and he only got back with the help of the
officers of the survey ship Pathfinder,
who assisted him to make a landing by
force. When the Miowera left the ques
tion of food supply in many parts of the
Island was becoming serious, and the peo
ple of Honolulu greatly condemned the
action of Hllo, which they charged was
acting as It did to make itself the source
of supply.
The fire department is still busy dally
burning down Infected buildings. No less
than ten blocks have been burned. When
the steamer was at Honolulu the steamer
Torlhime Maru arrived from Japan with
about 600 Immigrants, and two days be
fore the steamer Doyo Maru arrived with
TOO. There are now nearly 4000 In quaran
tine.
Dr. A. Cannichael of the United States
Marine Hospital has been appointed chief
quarantine officer at Manila, and he will
leave for his post by the next available
steamer.
Purser Young of the Miowera. says he
was told at Honolulu that a number of
passengers are coming to the coast from
there in sailing vessels.
There was considerable excitement at
Sydney when the Miowera left." The
plague had broken out at Adelaide, and In
JCew Caledonia there had- been sixteen
deaths. The cases were averaging three
per day. ¦. ; : • ¦ . ;, ; .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
•DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails i
. . . , on Application. ; v .
STAND OF PORTUGAL.
I-ISRON. Jan. 25.— 1n the House of Peers
to-day the Minister of War, Colonel
SebaMo Telles, replying to an inquiry on
the subject, declared that the Government
had not reinforced the garrison at L,our
enzo Marquez. This reply is regarded as
indicating that the Government has seen
no necessity for reinforcements.
COMMANDS HIGHLANDERS.
MODDF.H RIVER, Wednesday, Jan.
14.— General Hector Archibald Macdonald
has arrived ;md assumed command of the
Highlanders.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Annexed Districts of Oakland May
Be Given Free Mail Delivery
in the Near Future.
Fractal Dispatch to Tke Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.— At a recent
meeting of the Committee on Poptoftlces
a communication from Senator Gear of
lowa wan read, asking that consideration
«if. the appointment ol Louis A. Groff, .to
b* postmaster at Lo« Angeles, be with
held until he ¦ returned to "Washington"."
The committee did not take up the mat
ter until to-di.y and Senator Gear had no
objections to raise and iJr. Groft was lm
m«-diately confirmed. The only -candi
date for this plao»\ and who was former
ly -an lowan, nm Mr. Koeter, who is a
brotner-ln-law of SjM-aker Henderson. It
ia hardly thought that the appointment
w*^ bt id over at his request.
Ttepres't'ntaiive Metcalf to-day called at
the Poftoffice Department in tru- interest
of having a fret? delivery service estab
lished in the unncxed districts of Oak
land. The department has taken the mat
ter under advisement and Representative
lx>ud. chairman of the House Postofnee
Committee, is assisting Metcalf. The
towriK.aJt>ci«>d ar^ T«-mescal, Golden Gate
and Piedmont. Five letter-carriers are
a>ked for.
Tb« convention of marine engineers now
In session hore has elected Frank A.
Jones of Alameda vice president.
The Civil Service Commission will hold
examinations for letter-carrier and clerk
in . the postofnee at Bakersneld on
March 3.
The Senate Committee on Commerce
to-< Jay reported favorably Senator Per
kins' bill providing for an additional light
ship for use on the coast of California,
Oregon. Washington and Alaska as exl
genciea may determine. The appropria
tion is increased from $75,000 to $80,000.
The committee also reported Senator Fos
ter's bill appropriating $300,000 for the es
tablishment of lighthouses and fog Blg
nala on the coast of Alaska.
Representative Jones of Washington to
day introduced a bill to pay each honor
ably discharged volunteer who served in
the Philippines $750. He introduced al?o
a bill appropriating J300.000 for the estab
lishment of lighthouses and fog signals
on the Alaskan coast.
Senator Perkins to-day presented the
memorial of the San Diego Chamber of
Commerce asking for an appropriation
to prevent the discontinuance of hydro
gTaphip work in ihe geolqgieal survey;
also a petition protesting against " the'
Successful Colony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADEXA. Jan. 23.— Professor J. D.
"Yocum of this city, who with a number
of others is interested iln a colonization
scheme for the lower Colorado, below
Yuma, is . in the city and reports that
much progress has been made. Half a
hundred poor families went from this city
and settled the lands, which He In what
is Known aa the Algadone Grant, on the
east bank of the Colorado, just south of
Yuma. There was not a drop of water
there except when the Colorado over
flowed each year. At that time seeds of
hemp spring into life and grow luxuriant
ly. The thousands of acres are so level
that when the river overflows the water
travels along in the grooves made by
Mexican wagon wheels, several miles In
land. The farmers pre-empted the land
and then waited for a year or more until
its ownership was decided in court. They
clubbed together and with their own
teams dug a gravity ditch from the Colo
rado at Yuma, which will flow water
along a natural ridgo clear through the
tract of land down to the Mexican border.
They can raise sugar beets, corn and all
kinds of tropical fruits and vegetables,
the crops being always earlier than the
same crops in less arid regions.
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. Zi.— To-day
in the House of tho Texas Legisla
ture a resolution was introduced
condemning Congress for its action
in the Brigham H. Roberts case.
The resolution was introduced by
Representative Wells and occa
sioned some debate, hut was finally
referred to a committee, to be re
ported on as soon as possible.
The resolution In part says:
"While we are opposed to the prac
tice of polygamy, at the same time
we commend said Roberts for his
manly course in refusing to aban
don his plural wives and their chil
dren, and it is the opinion of this
House that if all the members of
Congress who are guilty of viola
tion of the moral code of the char
acter of the charge against said
Roberts would vote to seat said
Roberts there wouKl not be found
a corporal's guard opposing the
same." -•
fort to pair the absent Republicans.
Underwood (D.) of Alabama made a
similar announcement concerning the
Democratic absentees.
The minority resolution— to seat and ex
pel Roberts— was defeated. 81 to 244. The
following members voted for the minority
resolution:
Adamson, Allen (Ky.), Allen (Miss.), Atwa
ter. Bailey (Tex.). Ball. Bankhead. Bartholdt,
Bart'ctt, Bell. Brewer, Broussard (La.),
Burioson, Catchlngs. Chanler, Clayton (Ala.),
Cooney. Cooper (Tex.), De Armond, De C.raf
fenreid, Dlnsmore, Elliott. Epes, Fitzgerald
(X. V.). Gayle. Gordon. Green (Pa.), Grigjrs
(Ga.), Hay, Howard, Jenkins. Johnston, Jones
(Va.), Kahn, Kltchln. Kluttz, Lester, Levy,
I^wls. LUtlefleld, Livingston, Lloyd. Loud.
McCall. McClellan, McCullooh, Maddox. May,
Meeklson. Meyer (La.), Newlands,, Norton
(Ohio). Norton rg, C), Otey, Polk, Quarles,
Ransdell, Rhea (Ky.), Richardson, Ridgeley,
Itlxey, Robblns, Robertfnn (La.), Rucker, Rup
pert. Ryan (N. V.), Ryan (Pa.), Pcudder,
Sims. Slayden, Small, Smith (Ky.). Snodgrass,
Stephens (Tex.), 1 Swanson, Turner, Underwood,
Vandiver, Wheeler (Ky.), Wilson (Idaho).
\oung ( Va. ).*¦-•
The majority resolutions to exclude him
were then adopted, 268 to 50. The an
nouncement was greeted with cheers. The
vote was as follows:
Ye«s— Acheson, Adam?, Allen (Maine), At
water, Babcock, Bailey (Kansas), Baker. Bar
ber, Barham. Barney. Bartholdt, Benton,
Bishop, Borelng, Boutelle tin.), Kowersock,
Bra.lley (N. V.), BraiHley (Oa.). Breazeale,
Brenner (Ohio), Brick, Brosiuti, Brown, Brown
low, Bmndldge, Bull. Burke (S. D.), Burke
<Tex.), Burkett. Burlelgh, Burnett, Burton,
Butler, Calderhead, Caldwell, Cannon, Capron,
('nickering. Clark (Mo.), Clayton (N. V.),
Cochran (Mo.). Cochrane - (N. V.), Connell,
Cooney, Cooper (Wls.), Corliss, Cousins, Cow
herd, Cox, Crawford. Cromer. Crowley, Crump,
Crumpacker, Cummlnps, Curtis. Dahle, Daly,
Dalzell, Davenport (Samuel), Davenport (Stan
leyj, Davidson, Davis, Payti.n, De Vries, Den
ny. Dlrii. Dolllver, Dougherty. Dovener, DrigKs
IN. V.), Drlscoll. Eddy, Emerson, Epes, Et>cn.
Faris. Finley, Fitzgerald iMass.). Fletcher.
Fordney, Fc»«. Foster. Fowler, Freer, Games,
Gamble. Gardner (Mich.). Gardner (N. J.),
Gaston. Gibson, Gilbert. Gill. Gillet IN. V.).
Gillett (Mats.), Glynn. Gordon. Graff. Graham,
Green (Mass.).- Griffith, Grosvenor, Grout,
Grow, Hall, Hamilton. HaUßen. Hawley,
Heatwole. Hedge, Hemenway, Henry (Conn.),
Henry (Mlfs.V Henry (Tex.), Hepburn, mil.
Hoffecker, Hopkins. Howell, Hull, Jack. Jen
kint=. Jett. Johnston, Jones (Va.), Jones
(Wash.), ftmy, Ketcham. Kleberg,' Kluttz.
Knox, Lacey. -Lamb, Landls. LaueS?. Lanham,
I^atlmer. Lawrence. Lentz. Littauer, Little,
Lloyd. Long. Lfrtmer, riOudenslagTer. -Lovering,
Lybrand. McAWr. MeCleary, McDowell. Mc-
Laln. McPhf>rson, Mcßae. Mahon, Mann.
MRrsh. Meekieon. • Mercer, Mesick. Metcalf.
Mlers (Ind.),. Milled, Miner. . Mondell, Moody
(Mass.), Moody. (Or.), Moon. Morgan. Morris,
Mudd, Muller, Naphen, Needham, Neville,
Norton (Ohloi. Norton (S. C). O'Grady. Olm-
Btead, Otpy, Otjen. Overstreet, Packer, Parker,
Payne, Pearre (Mo.), Pierce (Term.), Pearre
(Md.). PhlHips. Polk. Powers, Prince, Pugh,
Quai-le?, Ray (N. V.), Reeder, Rhea (Va.).
Rldgley. Rlxley. Robb. Roberts (Mass.).. Rob
inson (Ind.). Robinson (Xeb.),. Rucker, Rup
pert, Russell, Ryan (N. V.). Ryan (Pa.). Sal
mon, Scudder. Shackleford. Shafroth. Shattuc,
Shelden. Sheppard. Sherman. Showalter. ! Sib
ley, Small, Smith (HI.). Smith (Henry C-),
Smith (Samuel W.J, Smith (William Alden),
Southard. Sperry. Sprague, Stark, Steele,
Stevens (Minn.), Stewart (N. J.), Stewart (N.
V.), Stewart (Wls.), Stokes. Sullnwa^Q Sulzer,
Sutherland, Talbert. Tate, Tawney, Tayler
(Ohio), Taylor (Ala.), Terry, Thayer. Thomas
(Iowa). Thomas tS. C). Thropp, Tompklna,
Ton&ue, L'nderhill, Van Voorhis, Vreoland,
Wachter, Wad6worth, Wanger, Warner,
Waters, Watson. Weaver. Weeks, White, Wil
liams (James R.), William* (William E.),
Williams (Miss.), Wilson (X. V.), Wilson >(S.
C.). Wright. Young (Pa.), Zenor, Ziegler. . •
Nays — Adamson, Allen (Ky.), Allen (Miss.),
Bailey (Tex.), Ball, Bankhead, Bartlett,
Brewer, Broussard <La.). Burleson, Catchjngs.
ChanlT, Clayton <A\n.), Cooper (Tex.), De
Armond, De Graffenreid, Dlnsmore, Elliott,
FltzKPrald (N. V.). Gayle. Green (Pa.), GrlKKs
(Ga.), Hay, Howard, Kltchln. Leßter, Lewis,
Littlefield, Livingston, McClellan, MeCulloch,
Maddox, May. Meyer (La.), New-lands, Rams
del], Rhea (Ky.). Richardson, Robblns, Rob
ertson (La.). Sims,. Slayden, Smith (Ky.),
Snodgrass, Stephens (Tex.). Swanson, Turner,
Underwood, Wheeler (Ky.), Wilson (Idaho).
At 6:45 p. m. the House adjourned.
• '
VERY HEATED COLLOQUY
OCCURS IN THE *SENATE
Money of Mississippi and Chandler
of New Hampshire Argue the
Southern Question.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— Just at the
close of to-day's session of the Senate a
speech delivered by Money of Mississippi
on the race question in the South pre
cipitated a heated colloquy between him
and Chandler (Rep.) of New Hampshire,
in which the latter alleged that the South
ern Senators by Intemperate statements
were reopening the whole Southern ques
tion after it was supposed to be dead.
The charge which Chandler £ par
ticularly criticized was made by Morgan
of Alabama, who is absent at present, but
as it had been reiterated substantially,
in Mr. Chandler's opinion, by other , Sena.-'
tors, he declared he did not purpose to
permit it to go unrefuted. The charge was
that the civil war had been precipitated
by designing politicians of the North for
the purpose of putting the slaves on a
political and social equality with the
Southern whites. Chandler's .refutation
of the statement was made with char
acteristic vehemence and aggresiveness,
but as no reply was offered the incident
ended there. : ¦
Th urgent deficiency bill, carrying about
$9,000,000, was passed without division and
practically without debate. ¦ •
THE LATE MAJOR GENERAL E. P. R. WOODGATE.
This gallant officer commanded the Ninth Brigade, "Warren's Division,
and was fatally wounded in the attack on the Boer position on Spion
Kop. General Woodgate entered the army, in 1565 as ensign in tna Fourth
Regiment, with which he served in the Abyssinian campaign of ISSS. Ho was
in the Ashantee war with Sir Garnet Wolseley in 1874-75 and in the Zulu war
of 1579, twice winning mention in the dispatches.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E." W.-Qrovt'B signature •!•" on- each -box.- -25e.
Writt's Man YeptatilC'Pffls
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOUSANDS
of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. .GIDDINESS.
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach.
•Pimples and purify tbe blood. - • .-¦••-
Saturday Tfiyht Special
Neckwear
On Saturday (to-morrow) night, between the
hours of 9 and ii o'clock only, we will sell neckwear
in puffs, tecks, four-in-hands, imperials and bows at
the very low price of ioc each.
This neckwear is
worth 25c and 50c
but regardless of this value, the ties will be sold
between the above-named hours for the exceptional
price of
±\JLf each
Remember the ties are now 2^c and 50c, and
not one will be sold for 10 cents until 9 o'clock to-
morrow night, and from then on until 11.
718 Market Street.
GIFT FROM ARMOUR.
Aid for the Throop Pol ytechic School
at Pasadena.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Jan. 25.— Philip D. Armour,
the Chicago packer, who has taken a
home, on California street for the winter,
has voluntarily donated ?500 to the Troop
Polytechnic Institute. The donation came
about in a peculiar manner. President
Dr. Norman Bridge of the Throop board
of trustees, who is aChlcagoan, was call
ing on Armour and Invited the packer to
call at Throop and. compare the Pasa
dena school with the, Chicago school, in
which Armour is Interested. ¦
"No, I cannot do that," replied the mil
lionaire, "because'tney would ask me for
donation of a house and lot."-;- ¦ ;-*
Dr.- Bridge replied "that 'there -was no
danger, because he had told the institute
officials not to bother Armour because he
was here for rest. •
"I'll give you $500 for doing that," said
Armour, and before Dr. Bridge left tho
house he had written him the check.
NEW EMPEROR'S FATHER
HEAD OF SECRET SOCIETY
LONDON, Jan. 26.— Another special dis
patch from Shanghai says: The father of
the new Emperor Is the head of the'great
secret societies known as . "The \ Great
Sword" and "The Boxers." extending over
the provinces of Chill, Shantung, and
Honan. which were responsible :for. the
murder of Mr. Brookes, the missionary.
Various edicts have been IssOeoTwtth a
TUITION FEES ILLEGAL.
Important Decision Kendered by At-
" tbrriey General Ford.
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 25.— City Superintendent
of Schools Russell has received an opin
ion from Attorney General Ford which
throws open the primary and grammar
grades of the city to all pupils living out
side the city limits, and will undoubtedly
abolish the tuition fees the city has been
charging for outside pupils. The Attorney
General states that the education and the
management and control of public schools
is a matter of State care and supervision,
and that a city for primary and grammar
school purposes standß upon the same
basis as a school district, and school trus
tees cannot lawfully charge tuition for
the attendance of pupils from other dis-
r Thfs decision, it is expected, will greatly
increase the attendance of the schools of
San Jose. There are some 5000 people liv
ing just beyond the city limits of this city,
and the tuition charge has kept most of
these pupils from attending the local
school. Now that this barrier is removed
they will all attend the city schools, where
the advantages are better, and the local
schools will be crowded.
SUFFERING WOMAN
TAKES MORPHINE
Suicide of Mrs. Wyman
in Washington.
?
Prfcial Dispatch to Th» Call
KETTLE FALLS. Wash., Jan. 25.—
While temporarily deranged from a longr
illness Mrs. Katherine Wyman ended her
life this morning with morphine. She was
the wife of Dr. Hall M. Wyman. a
prominent physician of this place. Her
mother, Mrs. A. Clark, and other rela
tives reside in San Francisco. Mrs. Wy
man had been sick for some time and
suffered great agony. Her friends sug
gest tliat she did not contemplate suicide
and that an overdose of the drug was
taken by her through mistake. She left
a letter addressed to her husband, th«
contents of which he refuses to make
public.
The Coroner's Jury returned a verdict
finding that death resulted from an un
known drug administered by unknown
hands.
Every effort was made to save her life
after It had been discovered she had taken
the drug, but in vain. She lingered about
two hours before death ended her suffer
ings. Mrs. Wyman was a writer of more
than ordinary ability and was at one time
a valuable contributor to coast and East
ern newspapers and periodicals.
! view of assuaging public anxiety, and the
ominous rumors respecting the fate of
the ex-Emperor are spreading widely. It
is alleged that his dethronement was de
cided upon at a council convened by the
Empress Dowager en Tuesday. The Man
chu clan favors the change, but the Che
proper oppose it and predict. a tremen
dous upheaval.
It is believed that the Russian and
French legations were notified of the im
pending change, and that they will sup
port the new regime. It is also reported
that a French naval force has already
reached Peking.
The P,ritish and United States legations,
who have been favorable to Kwang Su,
were kept in ignorance of the new depar
ture, but it is asserted that Li Hung
Chang was sent as viceroy to Kwang
tung to support the Dowager's policy and
to repress any hostilities pn the part of
Cantonese. ...
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times says: "The edict is obviously a
half-measure intended to test the effect
on public opinion of the restoration of
the regency and the selection of a new
Emperor, whose claims, according to the
established succession laws, are open to
question."
BELIEF THAT THE
EMPEROR WAS MURDERED
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrighted. I'jGO, by Jamea Gorddn
Bennett.
SHANGHAI,' Jan. 25.— The Emperor has
been deposed and a son of the fifth Prince
has been declared Emperor.
Later in the day it was reported that
Emperor Kwang Su had committed sui
cide last night, but there is a general be
lief that he was murdered.
Lieutenant General Sir Charles Warren, the Victor of
Spion Kop.
General Warren, who has been in charge of the movements on the left
wing of General Culler's army, has gained the lir*t important vantage since
the movement for the relief of Ladysmith began enrly in December. He is
in command of the Fifth Division of the British army "in South Africa, com
posed of Woodgatc-'s and Coke's brigades. General Warren has had large
exj-erience in South African warfare and his friends are confident that he will
win larger laurels during the present campaign. He served in the Kaffir war
of l£Ti as lieutenant colonel of the Diamond Fields Horse and as commander
of part of the West Griqualand Field Force in IST*, winning mention in the
Governor's dispatches as having shown "energy, ability and resource under
the most trying circumstances." He led the expedition sent from Egypt into
Arabia in I^2 for the purpose of bringing to justice the murderers of Professor
Palmer and his party. For this service he received the K. C. M. G. In
ISS4-S5 he was in command of the Bechuanaland expedition, in which he dis
played great tact and ability, forestalling the Boers in their attempt to oc
cupy the country, without collision or bloodshed. He won their highest re
ppect and was known and spoken of among them as "the general." Follow
ing this he was made G. C. M. G. General Warren's services as Chief of the
Metropolitan Police Force of London won him much honor. The reforms
and system introduced by him have added largely to the morals and efficiency
of the force. General Warren is CO years old. having been born in February,
ISM. He entered the service as lieutenant of the Royal Engineers in 1*57 and
became colonel in lvS, major general in 1553 and lieutenant general in 1597.
with water. There was a great crowd
of men there jostling for water, and yet
he came hack with his own canteen full
of water lor me to drink. Really, their
actions made them all beloved to me. I
am very fond of them all. And under
the most trying circumstances in which
our idiotic generals unn^cepsarily placed
us I did my best to save all fatigue
wherever I couid. I always halted where
the grass was longest, wher<* there was
any little rise or where there was a
'nullah' if I possibly could. Yet, of
course, I was only a subordinate to the
major. He fortunately is a very sound
tnan. full of common sense and a thor
ough soldier— so we all had the greatest
confidence in him.
"Cannot we get the best men for every
gillet yet? We do get some, but not all.
HociaJ qualities still rule the day. It
should net be so. Where do social quali
ties come in on a day like Friday? One
lnsstajvc* of jobbery among many I will
give you. Now, I have made signaling
a life Ftudy, po I know a bit about it.
On the night before the brfttle I was sit
ting with three or four other officers of
various regiments. A great fat-headed
crutch and toothpick style of. idiot passed
me and paid something as to 'he won
dered who was signaling.' I saw his rank
ifubaltern) and mug and took him In at
once as a four-letter man. So F deter
mined to watrrt and listen. They were
eigrtaHng- from VVe*>npn. tw.enty-seven
tniles off, with heliograph. lie tried to
read but could not. The Boers called
them up from I'mbulwana and asked
who they were (well they might). This
fellow stood with his mouth open, look
ing on and wondering what it was all
about, and 1 asked who he was, and he
told me he was a signaling officer on
the ptaff. that he came from the Royal
Horse Guards and wanted a medal and
a soft Job. "Oh,* said I, 'then I was not
far wrong.'
"1 can assure you all of us earned our
wretched clash at Colenso, but to make
a frontal attack with the whole army,
just ,llke an Aidershot field day. was sim
ply rot." '. ,
Miner's Bad Fall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLFAX. Jan. 25.— At the Pionee mine,
about sixteen miles from this place, Henry
Walter of Towle. a miner engaged at the
mine, missed his footing and fell sixty
feet down a shaft and was seriously in
jured. He Was brought to Colfax and
later taken to Grass Valley for medical
treatment. He will probably die.
Epidemic of Influenza.
ROME, Jan. 25.— There are several thou
sand cases of influenza here. The Lycee
Cavour at Turin is cloned. There are 10,
000 influenza cases- in "that city and many
thousands are reported all over Italy.
Deficit in Argentine.
LONDON,- Jan. 26.— The . Financial News
publishes a dispatch, from Buenos- Ay re's
asserting.that the Argentine budget shows
a. deficit. 0f .^10,000,000.. . . -. . ¦
Why did the Rev. James C.
Maclnnes see fit to change his
"title to plain Mr. Maclnnes?
Read Ms signed statement in
next Sunday's Call.
adoption of the proposed treaties with
Jamaica and France, and a resolution
favoring the construction of the Nicara
tuan canal. He presented also a petition
of the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco asking for ctrtaJn changes in
tlie Weather Bureau.
The President to-day approved the biil
changing the material in the construction
of the drydock at Mare Island.
The following California Postmasters
were appointed to-day:. Cortina, Colusa
County, W. A. G. yon Breyman, vice Frert
ericka yon Breyman, resigned; Brooks,
Yolo County, H. X, Norton, vice F. J.
Norton, resigned; North Pomona, Los An
gtles County. M. H. Curry, vice S. J. De
lapp, removed.
Pensions for Calif ornians: Original-
Moses H. Bliss. Pasadena. $8; Frank A.
\\ cur. Pasudena, $(j; John P. Cochran,
San Francisco. $6; Joseph W. Happy,
Stockton, $6. Increase— Ransom McCapeV,
Tu'are. $6 to $12. Additional— Henry Scnil
ler, San Francisco, $6 to $12.
.Washington; Increase— James Muzzy,
Hafcard. |tT to $*;. Charles D. Spencer, Cen
tralia. $24 to $30. ' .
DR. RODLEY ON TRIAL.
Charged With Perjury in the Fuller
Will Case.
OROVILLE. Jan. 25.— Dr. J. Ellis Rod
ley is now on trial for perjury. He is a
prominent physician of Chico. the largest
town in Butte County. He swore that he
signed the last will and testament of the
late Alfred Fuller, which gave $30,000 to
Mrs, S. M. Houseworth. The validity of
the will was lately tested arid that will
was declared by a jury to be a forgery.
Dr. RodSey will be tried first for perjury
in ew earing that he signed the will and
then for forgery. He is defended by
George Collins of San Francisco, Grove L.
Johnson of Sacramento and Guy Kennedy
of Chico. Affidavits were filed that Judge
Gray Is biased ajid would not give the
defendant a fair trial. When this was
settled and it was ruled that Judge Gray
should try the case objections were of
fered to the manner In which the jury was
drawn. thf> list given by the Supervisors
to the clerk and to the list given by the
clerk to the Sheriff. The members of the
board were summoned to appear and
show the manner in which they selected
the 300 trial jurors for all cases this year.
Yesterday afternoon and to-day the fol
lowing jurymen were selected to try the
case: Joseph Cobs, L. Wakeham. J. R.
Moseley. K. R. Van Ness, A. J. Batt, H.
Chaplin. If. Buschmann, J. E. Crum.
James i'ozort. E. B. Shaw, J. M. Nelson
•and N. Woodward.
Only one witness was placed on the
stand. C F. Belding. deputy county clerk.
He was asked but two questions when
Mr. Collins objected to further questions
without the records to show that he had
been appointed deputy clerk. The ex-clerk
of the county, H. D. Lausen, the records,
oath of office and certificate of appoint
ment are to be brought into court to-mor
row morning:, when the cas© will proceed.
Big Guns Mounted.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash., Jan. 25.—
The work of mounting the big guns at
Torts Casty and Flagler has been com
pleted and the mounting force has. been
transferred to Fort Wilson, where pre
paratory work for mounting guns there
will- commence to-morrow. 'Fort Flagler
and Fort Casey are completed, with the
exception of the rapid-firing/ batteries,
material for which . has been delayed in
tmnsit. The big guns at Fort Casey con
sist of four 10».Hnch and one 12-inch bar
bette and four 10^-ineh disappearing guns.
The disappearing guns will not be used
at Fort Flagler. but that fort is armed
with six 10-Inch barbette guns and will
have regulation rapid-firing batteries.
The work of mounting the guns at Fort
Wilson will not be finished in nearly a
year, and when completed will be the
most formidable fort of the triangular
system guarding the entrance to Puget
Sound.
WASHINGTON: Jan. 25.— The. case of
Brigham H. Roberts, the Mormon. liepre
sentative-elect lrom Utah, which has oc
cupied so much of the attention of the
House since the assembling of Congress,
was decided to-day by the adoption of a
resolution to exclude him by a vote of 26S
to SO.
The exact language of the resolution
was as follows:
That, under ths facts and circum
stances of the casa, Brigham H. Rob
erts, Representative-elect from the
State of Utah, ought not to have or
hold a ssat in the House of Repre
sentatives, and that the seat ,to
which he was elected is hereby de
clared vacant.
The amendment to expel Roberts with
out sciitins; him; offered by Lacy, was
ruled out uh ¦» point of order, aivl the
House only voted on the resolutions of tht;
majority jn<l minority ol the committee.
Tht- litter, to .sent and then expel Rob
erts-, was defeated. «1 to 244. An analysis
of this vote shows that 170 Repubiicans,
72 Democrats .ird I' Populists voted against
it. and 71 Democrats. 6 Republicans. 2 Pop
ulists and :' Silver Republicans for it. Tne
majority resolutions, to exclude Roberts
and declare the rteat vacant, were adopt
ed. 2CB to T>o. The atllrmativt; vote was di
vided as follows. Republicans 168, Demo
crats %. Populists 4. and the negative vote
Democrats 47, Silver Republicans 2, Popu
list 1. There were over a score of speak
ers to-day, and the closing speeches on
each* Bide i. were particularly able. Lunham
of Texas closed for the majority aril De
Armond of Missouri for the minority.
Roberts was present throughout the day
ami loft the' hall after the result of the
last vote had been announced. As he did
so ho gave out a statement justifying his
retention of his plural wives on the ground
thai his moral obligation was more bind
ing upon his conscience than technical
obedience to statutory law. and saying
that there was little excuse for the ex
traordinary efforts to crush a system al
ready abandoned and practically dead. Ho
said " he was a martyr to a "spasm of
prejudice." He would not. he said, at
tempt to run for Congress again, although
he would go back home with a light heart,
confident of the future.
Sims of Tennessee was the first speak
er to-day. He made a legal argument in
favor of seating and then expelling Rob
erts.
Johnson of West Virginia advocated the
expulsion of Roberts.
Brosius of Pennsylvania argued that
metaphysical and technical considerations
should not deter Congress from doing Its
duty. In this crisis of the nation's good
name and fame such considerations
should be swept aside and the will of the
people executed.
Grout of Vermont supported the conten
tion of the majority for exclusion.
Talbert of South Carolina said that in a
case of such abnormal and defiant im
morality technicalities should not weigh.
Representing the constituency he did. he
should vote against Roberts first, last and
all tho*time.
Adamson of Georgia said violation of
th? statute against unlawful cohabitation
entitled the offender to membership in the
penitentiary rather than the House of
Representatives. '
Roberts came Into the hall- while Ad
amson was speaking and listened to the
debate from a lounge in the lobby behind
the rail. • ¦' .
. Ray of New York was in favor of the
exclusion of Roberts as a polygamist and
an offender against decency.
Freer of West Virginia also advocated
exclusion. . • " •
Brick of Indiana favored expulsion. He
did ? not want to make a martyr of Rob
erts, ' which ¦ would win for him pity or
sympathy. - .¦•.¦." ¦ ¦ '
Moody of Massachusetts argued that the
House had the right to exclude or expel,
but that it was expedient that Roberts
should be excluded.
Grosvenor of Ohio supported the views
of the majority in favor of exclusion. He
paid a high tribute to Littlefleld's speech.
H* said he had never heard an abler ar
gument on false ground. -
Morris of Minnesota, a member of the
special committee which investigated the
Roberts case, and who signed the major
ity report, advocated' its adoption in an
hour's speech.
De Armond of Missouri, in supporting
tho minority report, said that the argu
ment of the majority that the method of
turDing Roberts out mattered not was
the. argument of Judge Lynch; The real
quefetlon was, "Shall the constitution be
observed?" Roberts was' entitled- to be
sworn in.
De Armond devoted much of his time to
a legal argument against the proposition
that the House could add to the constitu
tional qualifications of members. Ho
reorc-d those who had unnecessarily
abus-ed Roberts. Roberts, he said, had
not a solitary champion or defender on
the floor. and he would < scorn
as beneath him and beneath con
tempt an effort to evoke, applause by
denunciation. "I oppose polygamy; I
scorn It," said he, "but I do not, feel it
necessary, in order to show how good I
am, how I love motherhood and chastity,
to lend myself to cheap abuse, which re
quires neither ability nor courage."
This utterance drew forth a round of
applause. Roberts, who sat within
twenty feet of De Armond, his head rest
ing on his hand, did not move a muscle.
hitnharn of Texas eloped the debate In
behalf of the majority resolutions. He
said that if there ever had been a neces
sity for a. rational assertion and vindica
tion of the supreme prerogative of the
House this occasion was now upon us. He
loved the constitution of his country and
the institutions of his Government, but
neither the constitution requires nor do
the people expect the House to do any
thing ridiculous. .-..«• .
"We can never convince the American
people," said. he. "that to admit Roberta
and Instantly expel him 13 a logical and
consistent procedure. The .motive that
will prompt the vote either to. 1 expel or
exclude will be precisely the same— and
that is because he is a polygamist; if a
disqualification not mentioned in the con
stitution is imposed in the one case, it
will be equally superadded in the other."
He maintained that the House possessed
the Inherent power, aside from its express
and implied constitutional ! warrant, to
protect and uphold itself in its dignity,
integrity and reputation. He cited In
stances which would warrant the House
In standing aside a person bearing a cer
tificate of election.
"Suppose," he said, "there 'had been an
election for Territorial Delegate held in
our alleged antipodal possessions, the
Philippine Islands, and, coming with a
certificate of ejection issued by the Presi
dent or Consul, whoever might be au
thorized to sfgn the commission, the Sul
tan of Jolo. fresh from his seraglio,
should appear and demand to have the
oath administered to him as a Delegate
to this Congress? If the facts which have
been alleged against him were ascertained
to be true, should he not be excluded?
Under the theory of the minority of the
committee we might say, 'Will your
Royal Highness be sworn?' and then kick
him out instantly. Under the theory of
the majority we would say to him at the
threshhold, 'Avaunt!' "
When Lanham concluded. Lacy (R.) of
lowa offered an amendment to the ma
jority resolution providing for the expul
sion of Roberts. To this Tayler made the
point of order that the amendment was
not germane. -The- Speaker sustained the
point of order on the -ground that the or
iginal .proposition, only, required, a,major
ity- vote, while ii the -amendment were
added it would require a two-thirds voteV
The Republicans applauded the Speaker's
ruling. • ,- ¦ - • •« "-< ' * ...
liacoy.' appealed from, the decision of the
chair. Tayler moved > to la.y s the- motion,
on the table. While the vote on the lat
ter motion was being taken it became ap
parent that it would be carried by a large
majority, and Lacey "withdrew the ap
peal. . • .'.z.
The first vote was then taken upon the
adoption of the minority resolution to seat
and then expel Roberts. At the conclu
sion of the rollcall, Tawney of Minne
sota!" \the .Republican,- whip, • -announced
that, on account qi the non-partisan char,
acter of thrs"motibir he had made -no «t-
Tfoe Turned Down Utah Statesman Declares .He 18 a
••Martyr, to a "Spasm of Prejudice," and Will
.Not Run fop Congress Jteain.
REASON FOR
ABDICATION
OF KWANG SU
Was Probably Compelled to
• Do So by the Dowager
Empress.
MERE- BOY TO RULE
Doubt as to Whether His Selection
Was Due to Japanese or Rus
sian Influence.
? ? ? > ??????.?? + ?;? +
? LONDON, Jan. 25.— Accord- ?
-f ing to a special dispatch from +
+ Shanghai, it is reported that +
+ Emperor Kwang Su has com- +
+ mitted suicide. +
? + ???? + ?4- + + + + + + +
PEKING, Jan. 25.— The imperial edict
issued yesterday says that owing to the
Emperor's poor health he Is unable to
conduct the business of state, and ap
points Pu Chun, son of Prince Tuano, his
heir.
The Emperor apparently has been com
pelled by the Dowager Empress to abdi
cate about the Chinese New Year, though
it. is understood this will meet with con
siderable opposition in certain court cir
cles. The Dowager Empress, however, in
tends to carry out the programme which
she has been planning for years.
LONDON, Jan. 25.— The Chinese Minis
ter here was evidently expecting news of
some important event at Peking. When
the story of the Emperor's abdication was
communicated to him by a representative
of the Associated Press he said: "i have
no official news on the subject. I kn ,-w
something was going on in Peking, but;
nothing as yet has been officially commu
nicated to me. 1 am greatly ooliged for
ycur information." '
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— Secretary Hay
was advised to-day by United States Min
ister Conger at Peking of the result of me
convocation of Chinese notables ther-> yrt
tcrday, his statement being that Pu Chun,
14 years of age, had been appointed heir
apparent. There is a notable discrepancy
between Mr. Conger's statement and that
cabled from Shanghai, and it is impossible
to learn here which is accurate at this
time, neither the State Department nor
the Chinese legation having further in
formation on the subject than that con
tained in Mr. Congers brief dispatch. It
will be noticed that he does not indicate
that the heir has been chosen as Emperor
nor that he Is to ascend the throne imme
diately. The- Jesuit Is awaited with great
interest here, for by the character of the
selection made of t,he successor to the
present Emperor may be determined the
question whether the Russian or the Japa
nese influence is predominant in China.
The Chinese Minister, Mr. Wu Ting
Fang, when shown the above dispatch,
was at first inclined to doubt and dis
credit it, but on examining the circum
stantial detail of the reported edict he
said :
"1 am unable to say whether It is true
or not. Thus far I have received nothing,
official or unofficial, to indicate that such
a change has been made or was contem
plated. A short time ago a report was
current that the son of the Prince of
Tuan (erroneously given .in the dispatch
as Prince Tuario) would be named as heir
apparent. But I have not been informed
that this would bfe done. It would not be
surprising if an heir-apparent were desig
nated," as this occurs at times,' usually in
order to provide a succession ' when an
h.mperor is \ sick or otherwise incapaci
tated."
After consulting reference? on the gene
alogry-of th.e -imperial ¦familyy.Mr. Wu sald
that as near as he could, tell Prince Tii.in
isa son of 'thft* former Emperor, Hlen
Fung, thus making the reported new tm
peror, ¦ Pu Chun, a grandson of Emperor
Hien Fung. The latter, was followed by
Ting Chi, a son of the present Empress
Dowager, who still retains her strong Jn
fluence over court affairs. Her son was
without issue -and was -succeeded by the
present -Emperor, Kwang Su, nephew of
the Empress- Dowager,;, and 5 designated
through her influence. • In case the re
ported change has been made it ; will be
a continuance of the same imperial fam
ily at. the head of affairs, with the Em
press Dowager remaining as the¦ ¦ strong
power behind the i throne. Prince Tuan
has been little known in public affairs,
which, however, is not surprising, as
members of the imperial household do -not
mingle With the outside world and are
practically unknown. ."'•'
When asked if such, a change would en
tail any change of Chinese policy. Minis
ter "Wu said: ' ? " <•
"Not the slightest. It does -not" Indicate
any change of 'policy on international or
foreign affairs; nor on our domestic,af
fairs. Our people are a quiet,' peaceful
people and have little regard for personal
changes which may occur in the govern
ment." , •£¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
ROBERTS' SEAT
DECLARED VACANT
By a Vote of 268 to 50 the House
Excludes t^e Polygamist.
COAL. COKB AND.PIO IRON, -•
1 T WII SnV * fft 800 • Battery Btrwt.
J- W- : nILOUN tt WJ-. Telephone Main UM.
'fj , : COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH KOX. Rupt. H. BLTTH. Mffr.
rVJ CMITH Ship. Plumbing, , Steamboat
W' ff O.JII 1 11- and Ship Work a Specialty. 16
and IS Washington at. Telephone Main 564 L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES&CC, ciayf^le^Kibi 104
: furs.
Jv I fICCTAfI ;4 *•¦"*/ »t. upttwi* >,' L»t»«
. 11. LUrjIAU, ,ty|,j, lowest prices, '•modsiln*.
PAPER DEALERS. • ¦ .
tl/II I k MCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
WILLAiUEI IE 722 Montgomery st.
PRINTIN3.
F- C- HUGHES. ' m Sansome st. 8. F.
.STATIONER AND PRINTER, '
TeI c^e p . hl ° PARTRIDGE 8M < *j£2* *
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, the^l
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal ia Urn
market. Office and Yards — IJO Main atr«ec
DR. CROSSMAiyS
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Qleets, Strictures and analocous - com-
plaints of the Organs of Generation. ..
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists."
2r SgL Pale,
Ij?^yfr Emaciated,
'~2 S" £ 2 N erTOns
f^tTKWomeo'
->mA £
»V Suffer.
Kudjan— All Dru ft feists— soc.
Fcr a r«>m*dy that wJM affor3 you immediate
f;l->f. a r^tnoJy that will rive you health and
ftrrrcth ii- v.ithin your reach. That remedy
ir lIUDTAN*. HUnVAN Is a boon 10 women,
for It corrects al! those r.rakn^ysf-e and lrrfCU-
iariti't that are pfru'iar to women.
Note the follcr.-lri2 vjroptotna. and If tliey
flpycHbc your caM- take lIUDTAN by all
r,<aii!=. for HTUYAN will cure you: Headache
f;r.ri sunken cys, aiso <lark circles under eye*
tFUc. ')'. twltebtas <>f corncm of mr.uth. coated
! r.^u<\ otTetJsJve br'-atli (V\k. 2>; chokinc ten-
!-;,t;<.n <l'iE. "): -fMdplUltotl or fiuttTinK of
l<:trt (Fix. <>: impaired digestion or Moating:
< ' . :¦ mach <K;c. 5): HVti**BCm, weaknt-rfi. pain
!r, ba< k. jjakreps, lr;f£ular men?*-?, painful
(¦mode, leurorrhca. tendency to faint: tliiro
¦trmptOfn* srP a " corrected Of the gr*-at lll'Lt-
Y.\N\ HI.'UVAS rures permanently, for it *<*-s
to tbm !>ot?om cf the evil and exerts its curative
influence there.
HUDTAN promptly
4- ?• restores th* glow of
I ?.„„_,. health, rosy cheek*.
WTVSEM l.risht eyes, energy.
AP VISED Mrength, activity be-
FHEE. caus» Ii IT D V A N
j Call or Write. makes rich blood and
v a. Eivcs a renewed im-
petus to th» circula-
tion. HUDYAN Rives
rtrenjrUj ar^ tone to the entire organism.
HUDYAN promotes round sleep, cures nervou*-
:iesr,. h'sisiiiff s.nn aJI those complications of
ffrna!*- v.fiknrfF.
HUDYAN is for sale by <Jrurgl«tB— COc a pack-
age or six Hacks ces for J2.SO.
If your drusrist docs not koep HtJDYAJC.
*<«nd direct to the HUDYAX REMEDY CO..
cor. .slcK-ktoa. Ell's »nd Market eU., San Fran-
cleoo. Cal.
"t CONSULT "t Co "«»lt F »"ee the
FREE. I Hudyan Doctors. Call
¦ ? or writs to them.
POPUTLISTS TO MEET.
Chairman Issues a Call for the Execu-
tive Committee.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— Senator But
ler, chairman of the National ExecnttV
Committee of the People's party to-day
issued a call for a meeting of that com
mittee to be held in Lincoln. Nebr.. Mon
day, the ISth of February, for the pur
pose of naming a time and place for hold
ing the national convention of that party
The Executive Committee consists of
three members from each State.
Farmers' Institute.
Special Dispatch to The CV.I.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 25.— The Farmers* In
stitute, which will be held here February
2 and 3. will be an important meeting to
the horticulturists and farmers. Sub
jects will be discussed as follows: Profes
sor Fowler. "Farm V.'astes"; Professor
Wickson. "Some Phases of Irrigation .
Professor Hayne. "Some Items of Lncour
agement for Olive Grov.ers." Mr. Bram
ard will talk on some features of viticul
ture in this valley and -Mr. Maynarrt on
"Fertilization." It i» expected that Presi
dent Wheeler will speak Friday evening,
February 2.
WAR IN PHILIPPINES
PRACTICALLY ENDED
Last Concentrated Force Scattered, but There
Is Danger of Bloody Feuds Between
Soldiers and Natives.
Specia! Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. 1300. by James Gordon
liennett.
MANILA. Jan. 25.— The war in the Phil
ippines is over. No further surrender can
!>e hoped for. The danger in the present
situation is that a bloody feud may arise
between the American army and the Fill
pines. This danger can be greatly les
sened by the action of Congress, which is
cow imperative, in outlining a policy of
government in the Philippines.
It is likely that many insurgents are still
holding out for the very best terms which
Cbacren will be willing to give.
The time Is ripe far a conciliatory policy,
ftUowlnc the Filipinos to have some say
ss to the nature of the government under
¦which they will be obliged to live.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.-Ocneral Otis*
cabled report received this morning Indi
cates that General Schwan is conducting
the campaign In the south of Luzon with
the greatest energy. He has located
Boutheart cf Laguna de Bay what is prob
ably the last considerable force of insur
gents remaining in one command, and to
day's report shows that v.ith small loss
to himself and heavy loss to the enemy
h.A has managed to completely dissipate
this force, probably beyond the possibility
of reconstruction. General Otis' cable
gram is as follows:
MANILA. Jan. 2S.— Schwan concentrated the
thirtieth battalion of the Thirty-seventh and
Thirty-ninth Infantry at and near San I ahlo,
Laguna province, on the «rternoon of the ZOUi
Hayes with cavalry striking for Tayabas by the
lower road. The enemy had advanced from
Santa Cruz to very Ftronply fortified positions
at Pan Diego. Majayjay and adjacent points > n
the country very broken and mountainous.
Schwan nrurk the enemy at San Di'BO. and in
an Migas<-m»nt lasting two hours killed «2 and
wounded a large number. Our casualties were
one onllste.l man killed and fourteen wounded.
includtr.K three native scouts. Captured sev
eral rifles, ammunition, bolos and stock of uni
form clothinc On the 22d Schwan pushed
through on to Lollo. driving the enemy back
to Majayjay. where a force reported by an es
caped Spanish prisoner to number between 1500
and 3'X<o well equipped and supplied, had con
centrated, awaiting the approach of troops.
This position was Impregnable via roads or
trails and the. troops were working around on
the flank of the enemy when the enemy retreat
ed rapidly, with the Thirtieth Infantry and
cavalry in 'pursuit. It is -believed that the in
surirents are widely dispersed. The country is
now covered by troops, and our force occupied
i-anta Cms. a few minor enKaKements at other
points reFulfirc in considerable loss to the en
emy. Mac Arthur telegraphs that Mcßae struck
an "insurgent post in the mountains northwest
of I'rac. capturing the arsenal, barracks, ten
cartloads of powder and ammunition and three
ir.purseius with riflen. The barracks and ar
senal were destroyed. OTIS.
Marvelous Champagne Figures.
109,303 cases of G. If. Mumm's Extra Dry
were imported In 1599, being 72,495 more
than any other brand. Carrying an Im-
mense stock of choicest wines. Its quality
•will always be maintained. Its 1595 vintage
now imported is exceptionally fine. • J
CARDINAL RICHARD
VISITS ASSUMPTIONISTS
His Action, It Is Asserted in Paris,
Is Sure to Raise a Clamor and
Much. Protest.
PARIS. Jan. 25.— An incident which Is
certain to provoke vigorous protests is
tho visit of Cardinal Richard, the Arch
bishop of Paris, to the headquarters of
the Assumptionist Fathers (whose order
was dissolved yesterday by the correc
tional tribunal) to present his condolence
on yrsttrday's conviction. The Cardinal
arrived unexpectedly while the fathers
w«--rp praying in the chapeh Two of the
fathers met him at tho door. The Cardi
na.l proceeded to the editorial room of I^a
<"roix, whioh is the organ of the Assump
tionists and strongly anti-Ministerial. Th*
prelate blessed the fathers and said: "I
urge you- to persevere in your work with
simplicity and firmness."
SEEK BETTER CABLE
SERVICE TO CUBA
NTational Board of Trade Urges Con
gress to Permit Laying of
Another Line.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23— The first busi
ness which came before the National
Hoard of Trade was a report from a com
mittee in regard to additional cable ser
vice In Cuba, presented by E. G.
Proton of Boston. He stated that the
ECrvloe is now exclusively In the hands of
tlit Western Union and additional facili
ties were needed and reported a resolution
urging upon Congress the passage of leg
islation which will allow the laying of a
romrw^ting line between Cuba and the
United States. The report was adopted.
A report from the committee on railroad
transportation was submitted by F. B.
Osman Digna at Suez.
SUEZ, Jan. 25.— Osman Digna. the prin
cipal general of the late Khalifa Abdulla,
who was recently taken prisoner by the
British, has been brought here.
Co-Ed Life at Stanford University
Every girl hopes some day to attend a
college or university and is naturally In
terested in the life. Next Sunday's Call
will contain a page devoted to the life of
the co-ed at the Leland Stanford Jr. Uni
versity and will contain some splendid
illustrations— photographs taken right on
the college grounds an'l in the homes of
the students.
FOR NATIONAL CONVENTION.
Officials of Philadelphia Hold a Con-
ference on the Subject.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 25.— An import
ant conference bearing on the national con
vention was held to-day at the Mayor's
office between Mayor Ashbridge, Henry
Burk, president of the Citizens* Conven
tion Association; W. S. P. Shields, chair
man of the executive committee, and
Richard G. Oellers. chairman of the fin
ance committee. Mr. Burk informed the
Mayor that the movement for raising the
$100,000 pledged for the Republican Na
tional Committee was not meeting with
the desired suoccess, and he urged the
Mayor to appoint a committee of citizens
to take the matter in charge.
Mayor Ashbridge said he would consider
the situation. It is believed the Mayor
will request a number of prominent citi
zens to confer with him on the subject in
a few days.
Attorney Wright Resigns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' PASADENA. Jan. 25.— Theclty's legal ad
viser, W. S. Wright, has resigned on ac
count of friction with the Council. It
arose through the controversy attendant
to the petition of the San Gabriel Elec
tric Company for a franchise to do light
ing. It was proposed to call an outside
attorney to consult with and later the
Council introduced an ordinance which
had not been drawn up by the City At
torney and did not conform with his
views. Wright, who is now away on a
vacation, may adjust the matter with the
Council, as it is wiling to retain him.
Lawton Fund Grows.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—Notwithstand
ing the fact that the persons who under
took the fund for the Lawton home have
recently relinquished further efforts in
thut direction the fund itself continues to
grow through small contributions, and a
statement issued to-day by Geenral Cor
bln shows that the - total subscriptions
amount to $93,364.
Be It Ever So Plural, There's No Place Like Home.
—Minneapolis Tribune.
BAD DAY FOR
GILES IN COURT
Dr. Gall's Strong Testi
mony for Prosecution.
Bpec'.al Dlsivatrf* to The Call.
JACKSON, Jan. 25.— The Giles trial Is
<srawlr.g to a close. The prosecution has
rested, and after an opening statement
for the defense by Attorney McGee one
r.itness was examined In behalf of Giles
Dr. Hopkins has been brought from Fres
r.o as an expert to offset the testimony cf
Drs. Gail and Endicott, who held the
autopsy. Nearly all day was given up to
these last two witnesses, one of whom
fully corroborated the other. Dr. Gall,
wlio conducted the autopsy, testified
rtronsr!y for the prosecution. A strong
effort was made by the counsel for the de
fendant to confuse the doctor, but he ad
h«red strictly to the testimony given at
the inquest and the preliminary examina
tion. __ .
For the defense Supervisor Bnnn was
the first witness. He said that Darting
had toid him he considered that defendant
bad caused the death of his wife. Darlir.tf
admitted that he told Giles to do the best
he could for his wife if he could not p««r-
Fuade her to let nature take its course.
i\f al^o mid Brinn that h*> bad wanted an
SUtopsy. but th^ undertaker said it was
:..o lat'p and that he had told Gil»»s he
must pay the funeral expenses. Giles.
Tvhr-n askod by Brinn. said there was no
truth in tho last statement.
ROBERTS' RETURN TO UTAH.
Thurb*»r of New York, In which It was
pointed out an adjustment of rates ad
vantageous to shippers and to the rail
-oads could be made if the law permitted
the railroads to make agreements under
the supervision of the Interstate Com
merce Commission.
Mr. Thurbor asked that the action of
!he board last year on this subject be re
irtlrmed. This was agreed to. He also
submitted a report indorsing Senate bill
143?. introduced by Mr. Cullom. with an
imendment allowing railroads to have as
sociations for the maintenance of fair
rates for th« transportation of persons
and property, said rates to be filed with
the Interstate Commerce Commission
After a long discussion the report was
adopted. A resolution was also adopted
favoring the passage of an anti-scalping
bill. The board also adopted a resolution
favoring legislation by Congress remedy
ing abuses of the second-class mail mat
ter, which Ftand in the way of the adop
tion of the 1-eent letter postage. A reso
lution was also adopted favoring the Im
mediate adoption of local 1-cent letter
postage on drop letters.
—
NEW COMBINE OF
SALMON CANNERS
Contract Entered Into by British
Columbia Capitalists to Regu
late Prices for the Year.
Sptclal Disratch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 25. -The
Fixty-eight salmon canneries of British
Columbia entered a combine to-day by
the proprietors signing a contract lasting
for a year. Some sort of trust has been
talked of for a long time, and several
offers were received from the American
side to bring in outside capital to carry
on weak parts of the business. These
offers were rejected, but the canners held
many meetings since, when it was real
ized that if some arrangement were not
made they would not be able to compete
with "Puget Sound and the Columbia
River, where there Is a close combine.
Prominent canners even went so far as
to say that the industry would be dead
In the province in three years if local
throat-cutting ¦went on.
The agreement involves two questions —
the price of salmon and the size of the
pack. It Is admitted that American can
ners would attempt and could undersell
the Canadians next year if the old condi
tions existed. Now prices for fish will be
arranged at the opening of the season
and the association will decide how much
each cannery shall put up in order that
there may be no drug of canned stuff on
the market.
DECLARE MANAUENSE
WAS UNDERMANNED
Officers of Thirty-Eighth Regiment
Reaffirm Their Statements Anent
the Transport.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— Reports hnve
been received at the War Department
from Colonel Pettit and Lieutenant Webb
Hayes of the Thirty-eighth Volunteer In
fantry In regard to the recent trip of the
transport Manauense from San Francisco
to Manjla with part of the Thirty-sixth
Infantry.
They reaffirm the original statements
that the machinery of the Manauense
broke down on the voyage during a ty
phoon, that Bhe was undermanned and
that the vessel narrowly escaped be'ng
wrecked. She was rescued from a peril
ous position by the transport City of
Peking, which towed her several hundred
miles into Manila. The reports have been
forwarded to Colonel Long, the quarter
master In charge of the transportation
service at San Francisco, for a full state
ment of the facts as to the bad inspection
and condition of the vessel at the time of
her departure from San Francisco. The
purpose of the inquiry Is to fix the respon
sibility for the condition of the machin
ery of the Manauense. Pending the inves
tigation payments under the charter of
the vessel will be suspended.
DOWAGER DUCHESS OF
SCHLESWIG-HOLSTEIN DEAD
Mother of Empress Augusta Victoria
Passes Away, Having Been HI
With Pleurisy. -^
DRESDEN. Jan. 25.— The Dowager
Duchess of Schleswig-Holstein, mother of
Empress Augusta Victoria, who had been
suffering from pleurisy, died . here this
morning.
The death of the Duchess -will greatly
curtail, if it does not cut off altogether,
the German fetes now In progress in
honor of the birthday of her royal son
in-law, Emperor William.
The Emperor and Empress arrived at
the castle this afternoon.
BERLIN, Jan. 25.— in consequence of
the death of the Dowager Duchess Fred
erick of Schleswig-Holstein. mother of the
Empress of Germany, at Dresden, to
day s court reception and all ceremonies
In connection with the Emperor's birth
day have been abandoned.
Sexton Convicted.
Special Dispatch to The Cj
PLACERVILLE, Jan. 25.— The case of
the People vs. John E. Sexton, which has
been on trial In the Superior Court of th'.s
county since last Monday morning, was
concluded at noon to-day, the Jury re
turning a verdict of guilty. Sexton, was
indicted by the Grand Jury for extorticn.
it being alleged that he had extorted
money from Charles Greenwald, a local
cigar dealer, by falsely impersonating
himself as a United States revenue officer
and threatening Greenwald with arrest
for an alleged violation of the Federal
revenue laws.
Natives Will Celebrate.
Pr*>r!p_i Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. Jan. 25.— Woodland Par
lor No. 30, Native Sons of the Golden
Wect, will hold high jinks on the evening
of the 24th of February. The Marysville
and Sacramento parlors have been invit
ed. It is also announced that the Sacra
mento Operatic Society will visit this
city and present the comic opera, "Pirates
of Penzance" under the auspices of the
local parlor.
WILLIAM J. BRYAN
THEIR CHOICE
Democrats of Pennsyl-
vania Take Action.
HARRISBURG. Pa.. Jan. 23.— The State
Democratic Committee set the pace for
the Democracy of other States to-day by
making William J. Bryan its choice for
the Presidency in 1900. This action was
taken by the committee while Bryan was
on his way to Harrisburg from New York
to attend the meeting and confer with the
party leaders. This is probably the first
time in the party's history that the Demo
crats of Pennsylvania have Indicated
their choice for President In advance of
the State convention.
There was a large attendance of Demo
crats from all over the State to meet
Bryan and hear him discuss the Issues on
which the coming campaign will be waged.
The State convention will be held In this
city on April 5 and will adopt a platform
along the lines laid down by the Nebraska
orator in his speech to-night before dO<JO
people at the Keller-street Hall. The plat
form will lndors-e the Chicago declaration
of principles, denounce the trusts and Im
perialism, advocate ballot reform and
pure elections and condemn machine poll
tics. The convention will also nominate
candidates for Auditor General, Congress
men at large and Presidential electors
and elect eight delegates at large to the
national convention.
Bryan reached here at 3 o'clock and was
escorted to the Board of Trade rooms,
where the State Committee was in ses
sion, by a committee representing the
local and Democratic committees. He was
introduced to the assemblage by State
Chairman Rilling and made a short
speech, which was received with much
e/Uhuslasm. He said:
When I come to talk to Eastern Democrats
I feel It Is my duty to give them every as
sistance I can and to tell that we appreciate
the odds they have to contend atjainst. It Is
easy to be a Democrat in the South, and It is
easier to be a Democrat in the West than It
used to be. I believe the time will come
when the Chicago platform Democracy
will be as popular in Pennsylvania as It is out
in Nebraska. While no Republican can re
member what was In the Republican platform
of 130 C. and while no Gold Democrat can re
peat the Indianapolis platform, every Demo
crat and every Republican can remember the
Chicago platform. The Democrats ou»?ht to
make progress in this State t-ecause the Ue
jpublican party Is more corrupt In this State
than In any other State in the I'nlon. Unless
the people have forgotten to think and act for
themselves they oupht to rise up and wipe the
Republican party out of existence. If the vot
ers of the Democratic party speak now as they
did In '28 they will send men to the National
Convention who will write a platform like thac
of the Chicago declaration of principles. I
believe we are going to win in the campaign
of 1900. The young men who are coming to
vote this year for the first time are beglnninK
to believe that the Republican party is a good
thing for the monqpoly and a poor thins for
the young man. who. as things are going, now,
can only hope to be a poor clerk for some
monor-oly.
At the close of the meeting Bryan held
an informal reception at the Common
wealth Hotel, and later he was the guest
of Mayor Fritchey at a dinner party, at
which "Colonel Guffey. Chairman Rilling
and other party leaders were present.
After to-night's meeting he attended a
session of the local lodge of Modern
Woodmen, of which he is an active mem
ber at his home In Lincoln, Nebr. Colonel
Bryan will go from here to Smyrna and
Wilmington, Del., and from there to
Washington to meet the national leaders.
THE SAjS FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
GUARD STABBED
BY A CONVICT
Ed Haggerty Seriously
Injured at Folsom.
•
SDeclal Dinnatch to The Call
SAN QTTENTTX PRISON". Jan. 2.l.— The
annals of Fohsom prison have apain been
stained crimson by the efforts of Us des
perate Inmates to equal the record of
crime made by their colleagues In strip**
cf San Quentln.
Word was received here to-day from
Folsom of a convict's attempt to take tha
life of a guard by the knife, which envala
In brutality the assault made by Convict
Oppenhelmer on Guard McDonald* o' Sara
Quentin last April.
The convicts had assembled at nocn in
side the yard of Folsom preparatory to
beinc marched into the dining-room when
Frank Mitchell, a twelve-year man, en
gaged In a scuffle with another convict.
Guard Ed Hasgerty stepped between tbm
men. Quick as a flash Mitcnell whipped
out a knife and made a vicious lungf? at
Haggerty's heart. Haggerty stepped to
one side and received the full force of tha
thrust in his n»ck, the knife sinking to th*
hilt. Haggerty sank to the ground, and
Mitchell, casting aside the dagger, slunlc
through the crowd of excited convicts,
hoping to conceal his Identity amidst tha
throng. Had he been dressed as they
were Ilapgerty's assassin would never
have been discovered, but a trusty who
had seen the whole affair noticed that
Mitchell wore a red shirt— the bad-je of
the desperate criminal. Hajrtrerty's as
sailant alone of the crowd in the yarr' at
, the time wore a garment of that color,
and with this clew Mitchell was easily
singled out and captured.
Haggerty was to-day resting CT«'ly.
though his condition is critical. Tho knifa
was made from a file and is nearly twelve
Inches in length. It missed by a fraction
of an inch severing the jugular vein, and
to this fact Ilaggerty owes what hope, of
life remains.
Frank Mitchell, the would-be as-aspiu.
I has the reputation of being one <<t the
j most desperate convicts in Folsom. Ha
I was sent up frrm Sonoma County three
I years ago to serve a twelve-year sentence
I for burglary. Ever since his incarceration
! he has been distinguished for his violent.
j implacable temper, and the v stabbing of
Hagfre'ty was the fulfillment of n number
of threats made by him. Mitchell was at
once cast into solitary confinement pend
ing the result of his brutal crime. If Hag
gerty dies he will stand trial for murder;
if the guard recovers his assailant vlll
'in all probability be confined in fie
! famous "incorrigible cell" here. It i:> sv,p-
I posed that the attempt on Haggerty s lire
was directly Influenced by a desire on
Mitchell's part to rival the record mada
by Convict Oppenheimer.
Wm Surely you cannot do better if in need of an inexpensive suit. |||]
Wm A few overcoats at the same price— s^.2s. Wm
9 Sale Of Youths 9 Suits. Saturday Night Special. fl
KgSa , ' , , ¦ * To-morrow night, between the hours of 9 and 11 o'clock only, we aSrCg
Illg During this week we have a sale of youths suits, ages 14 l 0 19 wj!l sel , some al ,_ wool pantSf well m>ide from gO od, serviceable doth, Wt§
mm years, in a good variety of patterns The suits are worth $8.50. jn brQwn anJ mixtures, oositively worth $2.50 and $3 a pair, for gg£|
Pill We have been selling them for that right along, but now every suit 6 J <£ 1 BIBL . £111
Ipl $s>oo Between 9 and 1 1 p. m. only. *WM
Si . TIB Market Street. * f|||
pS . Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogue No. 2. llilf
_jg^2Q^ ' , 4-:, f;
3QS7. FIXTH RACE-EU furlongs; free handicap; three-year-olds and upward- purse $400.
330 MARKET ST. S.F
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY FCBLIC AND ATTOBN2Y-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. Claus SpreckuU Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. S2l California st.. below Powell.
Ean Frsncisco. .^-
Weak Men and Women
SHOULn USE DAMIANA BITTEItS. THI3
great Mexican remedy; ijlvea health aad
strength to sexual organs. Depot, £3 Market.
WOODLAND, Jan. 25.— Jennie Jeffries,
the half-witted girl who disappeared
Tuesday evening, returned to her home
Wednesday r.ight.
When questioned as to her movements
during the twenty-four hours she was
missing, she told a story that has many
elements of improbability about it, but
which in some respects is corroborated
by incidents that occurred . during the
search for her. . :. ' . •" •
There are many people 'of-. the opinion
that the simple-minded eirl was enticed
away from home by some scoundrel she
is anxious to shield. .
"I -left the ministry be-
cause I believed there are. too
many of us misfits in it al-
ready.". From tne signed.
statement of James C. Mac-
Innes to appear in next Sun-
day's Call.
¦ HHtBHHffIHHHBaBBHfIHBHBHHHBHHHBEaHaBaHiiaBHHBaHHB IDBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB g
1 1 Have Cured Thousands ! S
a D
5 I Can Cure You, >^ |
S Out of the vast number of cases of Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sciatica, srC~\ss^ : *V n
I Lame Back, Neuralgia, Varicocele, Seminal Weakness, Shrunken Organs, /7k&r r*,*?" J ¦
¦ etc., which I have treated I have never yet found one that failed to yield to v^^Jx IV j/ 1^ **
¦ my treatment The current from my Vi jfo\ ? g
\ DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT MjA g
H When applied according to mv directions, forces itself into all parts of the P^MMb^ i
g body in such a manner as to make failure impossible. Over Sdoo cures for $$&*iS 7-,
g 1899, being more than made" by all other electric belts and appliances put //V Tfga^- ja
" to2Clhel > CURED /* SKeWiC. ; TllilllSfeJ g
m . SANTA MONICA, Cal.. Jan. 13. 1900. I A \j V^-f^STsSiL n
S DR. SANDEN-Dear Sir: I wish to say that the Dr. Sanden Electric . Belt th »V i i_ >flE\ Yjf<£*Skd&^* n
2 purchase O f you owr a yfar ago has entirely cured me of rheumatism, from which Jr' £A [AK^^-^—^^i S
B i suffered over 20 years. I had no faith in Electric Belts when I purchased this appli- /7^^Q^^~~^l^A °
¦ ance but I was convinced and gave It a trial, and it has worked wonders for me, i if r\V — -'i!!l"n — H
¦ and 'i cheerfully recommend it to ajiy one BUfferine as I was. » I// *, I -A % *J& fl
S '• FRAN KH ALSEN, Gardener for S. P. 00. ¦ f / r^^^S. \ < ' n
m Write to-day for free book, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," which ex- . IfL'^^n^^J D
B plains all, or call at my office and test the current. Consultation and ad- O&p*^^^.^^^-** H
¦ vice free. Office hours from 9to 6 and from 7to 8; Sundays, 10 to 1. . •%s»» pr — .—-^g^p. — -^g^p Q
j DR. T. A. SANDEN, |||^^ o Sir«%T; |
P) U914 SOUTH SPRINO STREET. LOS ANOELES, CAL. RUSSEL BUILDINO. PORTLAND. OR. a
M«nEHHBffiaaHBBHISaHHaBHB»«aQSaBHiBBBaaHaiHBHHHDHiaBBE!BaHESHHEaEa3E32!ianSa
*« 1 5Q3e£* < '^^**Cx 3 r? nc><iy for Uonoxrlwca.
Ot-«-t, Sp«rmatorrtu«.
Onbrl Quruml U <"harge», or any lntiATinia-
ffaCW no* to jtriawfi. tion. irritation or uioera*
B" oantefloß. tion o( dscosi n> a-
g7^TH£Ev»3 CHEKI? it Cx b ™.nea. Soa-MtringenS.
.E&3l ««»<s «>y i*ru»sn»t*.
c - x ss« or sent iv pU'.n wr»Fr*r,
jGHnktT >W by exprena, cropaii. to*
vBHsVrl t luJ . " r 3 «>«1«*. **¦'*' •
V**tj|f2gfBP%v O &r&ai*r km v» »*usj.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. SIcDOJJALD.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Ccka.
OFFICE. H3 FOLSOM ST.
1 >
REYNOLD'S
Goutor Rheumatism, ifon the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to tnu rem-
edy then, a single dose is ofton «u:Ticient.
B- FOCOEBA * CO.. 5&.30 .V William St.*. V.
KING CASE CLOSED.
Aged Capitalist Is in Very Poor
Health.
Special Dispatch to The. Call
SAN JOSE, Jan. 25.— The argument in
the case of Abram King, the old capitalist
who is charged with forgery, closed this
afternoon and the case will go to the jury
to-morrow morning. This is one of the
half dozen Indictments found against
King by the Grand Jury in connection
with his management of the estate of
Stephen Hobson, an insane person. In
some twenty years King looted the estate
of as many thousands. Attorney Cothran,
for the defense, finished his argument
about noon, and was followed by LHstrict
Attorney Campbell' for the people. King,
who is nearly 80 years of age. Is in very
poor health and will probably die before
the Supreme Court couli pass on the mat
ter if he is convicted;
Jennie Jeffries Returns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Time — 1». :13; 9s. '.Z^: %. l:W\i "i. 1:I7H- Poor 6tart. Won easing up pecond and third
driving. Winner. W. U. Jenninps & Co.'s b. f., by imp. Ft. Anirew-Fannie Ixjuiso. Andriosa
could hav<» Mopped at a way station for lunch and then scored; she got a running start.
IJanlfl a bad onr^
653. SECOND RACE— Seven furl ones; selilnir: thr*^-year-o!dF: i/ur?e, J4OO.
DR.PIERCES
MEDICAL
SOSSOWERY
FOR THE
BLOOD. UVER.LUNG^ '
Time— %, :IZ; %. :36?»; S. 1:02. Good start. Won eaFily. second and third driving. Win
ner. M. J. D&ly'e eh. m.. by Jackot»ite-Actlvity. Jael Just about twenty minutes the best.
Mainstay was to have been the picture In the frarr.e. Almoner phould have been second.
Scratched— Srhiller IS I *.
Home Cures.
FREE BOOK FOR MEN.
Thousands of men are cured at home
every year. If you cannot visit San Fran-
cisco, write for free private book, advice,
question list, etc. All correspondence
confidential.
No printing on envelopes or packages to
indicate name of sender.
Cures Sent Safely by Mail cr Express.
DR.. METERS & CO. give men lasttns
manhood, and cure the following ail-
ments.
Privat; Diseases Lost ManhooJ
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
Ljver Diseases Despondency
Heart Diseases Nervous Debility
Spine Diseases jGeneraJ Debility
Stomach DiseasesjLoss pf Memory
Kidney Diseases t Blood Poison
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
SO^*
PAY WHEN CURED.
Patients may deposit the price of a cure
in any San Francisco bank, to be pakl
only after they are well, or may pay In
monthly installments. Prices reasonable.
No Injurious medicines or electric belts
used.
TVXEIN ONLY.
DR. MEYERS? & CO. are the only spe-
cialists on the Pacific Coast who cure dis-
eases and weakness of men exclusively.
DR. METERS & CO. conduct the larg-
est and best equipped medical institution
and have th» most extensive practice In
the world. They avoid the use of all min-
eral, poisonous or dangerous druga anj
electric belts. All their remedies are
compounded from the extracts of buds,
bark, berries, gums, roots, leaves, plants,
etc., in their private laboratory, with-
out cost to their patients.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
A Staff of Skilled Specialists,
Established 19 Years.
73! MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO'
Please mention
TALENT HARD HIT.
Triaditza Defeated in the First
Race at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 25.— Triadltza's
defeat In the first race was a blow to
the talent. Himtime had all the speed
and won easily, while the well-backed fa
vorite finished third. -Laureate made all
the running in the handicap. In the pinch
at the end Uhlers. very tired, swerved
and knocked him off his stride. Uhlers
was disqualified and third place given to
Laureate. Dr. Fannie and Jolly Roger
were the only winning favorites. The
track was fast. Results:
Six furlongs, Hlmtlme won, Dlggs second,
Trladltza third. Time 1:14%.
One mile, veiling, Dr. Fannie- won, Sorrel
Rose second, Sadie Burnham third. Time, 1:44.
Selling, one and ttiree-elghths miles, Donna
Rita won, Jim Conway second, Admetus third.
Handtcap.one and one-sixteenth miles. Jolly
Roger won, Koenig second. Laureate third.
Time, :49»i. Uhlers finished third, but was
disqualified.
Seven furlongs, Glenotne won. Lady of the
West second. Tobe P'aine third. Time, itSOft
Selling, six furlongs, fUncle Bill won, Colonel
Cassldy second, Manlius third. Time, 1:16.
DRAWS WITH FLAHERTY.
Dal Hawkins Unable to Defeat His
Opponent.
HARTFORD, Conn., Jan. 25.— Dal
Hawkins of California and Martin Fla
herty of Lowell, Mass., fought a twenty
round draw at the Coliseum nere to-night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PARTIAL VICTORY
FOR NAVAL BILL
Passed by the Federal
Council.
•
Fr***':!! rahl«>r ah1«> to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. ¦ Copyrighted, IWX), by James Oordoa
Bennett.
BERLIN, Jan. 25.— The Federal Council
to-day passed the new naval bill. Several
m<-mbors of tho Richter section of the
Radical party deny the statement of the
Vorwfcerts that they have already con
s.nted to vote for the bill.
The Berliner Tageblatt, in an article on
the na\-al bill, says it may be admitted
that the unanimously expressed determin
ation of various legislative factors in the
state to double is of great. import for the
prestig« of Germany abroad and for the
political and econnmical development of
the country. On the other hand,. it must
make aji unpleasant Impression that the
federal governments which have closely
examined the new naval programme,
which it will take years to carry out.
have great hesitation about fixing the
lime of Its completion. Seventeen of the
federal governments have not insisted
upon this, being convinced that the
Reichstag will do everything possible to
carry out the programme as fast as the
linancial resources of the empire will per
mit. The financial side of the pro
gramme will require to be mostly exam
ined by Parliajnent, as any additions to
the burden of the masses by indirect tax
ation. as the Conservatives propose, wouh
make it impossible for every real friem
of the people to defend the naval bill.
GENERAL STANTON'S FUNTERAL
Impressive Ceremonies at His Late
Home in Omaha.
OMAHA, Nelir.. Jan. 25.— The residence
of the late General T. H. Stanton was
crowded this afternoon by Intimate
friends of the deceased, both in and out
of the army, when the simple and im
pressive funeral services were held. The
services were conducted by Rev. T. J.
Mackay, rector of All-Saints' Episcopal
Church, assisted by Rev. Newton Mann
of T'nlty Church. This evening the re
mains were placed on the east-bound
Hurlington train and will he taken to
Washington for interment in Arlington
Cemetery. They were accompanied by
Mr?. Stanton. her two daughters and a
few close friends of the family. The re
mains were escorted to the depot by a
detail of men from the Tenth Infantry
from Fort Crook and an honorary guard
from the Legion of Honor.
During the funeral ceremony the cof
fln stood in the front parlor, covered by
an American Hag and surrounded by a
wealth of flowers. A detail of soldiers
stood guard. On the coflin the only in
scription was on a plain silver plate,
R-hich read, "General T. H. Stanton."
McCann Acquitted.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.— William L.
McCann, charged with the murder of John
Hennessy on December 26, was discharged
to-day in the city Justice's Court. Hen
nessy" had called a sister of McCann's vile
names and the latter struck him. Hen-
Bessy's head struck against the sidewalk
with such force that concussion of the
brain resulted and he died the next morn
ine-.
Keith Wakeman, who Will Appear at the California.
rMOTin DANIEL FRAWLEY has found a new leading lady to take Mar
Hampton's roles. She is Keith \V*keman, an Oakland girl, who has wo
histrionic success both in this country and in Ensland. and Fran-lev i
bringing her all the way from London to rill the gap in his company.
Mips Wakfmnn is a woman of striking beauty, both as to face and form. She
left London on January 17 and reached New York yesterday. Tuesday next Is
the day iixed for her arrival in this city. Originally Miss Wakcman was sched
uled to leave I^onilon on the Ist of this month, hut t=he could not sever her con
nection at that time with the E. S. Willard company, of which she was a mem
ber. The next Steamer left on the 13th, but superstitious fear forced her to post
pone the journey till four days later.
Miss Wakeman will come to this city with the manuscript of some new plays,
and. incidentally, a new wardrobe of ihe latest fashion from Paris.
Mary Hampton appeared with Frawley for the last time Wednesday evening.
Miss Wakcman will remain with Frawley just for this season, returning to E. S.
Wlllard during the summer.
FRAWLEY'S NEW LEADING LADY
IS ON THE WAY FROM LONDON
MUST GIVE PARTY
RATES TO ALL
Railroads Not Allowed
to Discriminate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— Mr. Trac<rwell #
the Comptroller of the Treasury, has ren
dered a decision to the eftect that common
carriers which do an interstate Tuisin.-H
and give "party rates" to theatrical' and
other organizations must give the,; samo
rates to the general public under
conditions and also to tho Government ia
the transportation of troops. In _ his de
cision the Comptroller says:
The railway companies attempt to limit tha
use of party rate tickets to theatrical compa
nies and a few other association^ and decline
to issue them to parties ot etjua.l -nunnN-r oC
persons traveling under substantially the sain*
circumatances and conditions. In my opinior*
this constitutes an unjust d[s<-rirrtlnati« - >n which,
the law prohibits and declares to be illegal.
There appears to be no mere reason for tnia
discrimination than there would be to issue
the tickets to a party whose names wero Smith
and refuse them to an equal number ot Urowns,
or to Issue them when the purpose of the Jour-«
ney was pleasure and refuse them when ths
purpose was business.
A second question Involved Is whether thes«
party rates ar<! subject to reduction when t^.»
service Is rendered to the Government by tha
free or the 50 per cent land grant railroads.
The ground upon which I hold that the Gov
ernment is entitled to the benefit of party rate*
Is that said rates are available for tho general
public, and. therefore, for the Government.
• • • As party rates are charged the general
public in cases like those now under considera
tion no. more than 5n per cent of said rates car*
be paid for that part of tho service rendered by
said roads to the Government.
There are other roads which have airreed tq
accept the same net cash rates as apply to tha
land grant roads, therefore proper reductlmij
must be made for that part of the service ren-*
dered by these roads.
TIII I^~ 1 * > :23 * : ¦**'' %• M** Goo* «<*rt. Won easily, necond and third driving Winner
w? ¦£ P r cke !££ S- hi ' l mp ,^ nr - Kt^: Hlleen - *°viahad all kind, of speed.' vintor^
.v , f Jr. ood Hope Ehould have beea Wond. May W retired early. Boundlee received
Time-1-16 :0. : *-l<,. :30; 9-K. :M; 13-16. 1:19\; mile. 1:M»,*: 1 1-I6m. 1:43V 4 . Poor Ftart Won
first thr^e drivlr.p. W inner .Burns & Watf rhouse 1 bb. h.. by Buchanan- Voltine. Dr. Sheppard
b*at barrier thr*e 1-nKthh: he looked beaten at the paddock, but came on aram Flamora
ewerved last part The Fretter ran a fewell race. Installator received support on the strength
<>SG. FIFTH RACE-Miie and a sixteenth: free handicap: three-year-olds and tip; purse $M 0
CKft. FOVRTH RACE— Three and a half furlong ; twrv year-olds; purse, $500.
Time— 3-16. :IS'»;7-16. A 2%. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner Burns 4: Water
bouw'n b. c. by imp. Duncombe-?"ree Love, nunfree away flyinp. Lurid ik will do St Rica
U a tram* one. Pofala mipht have won if away on equal terms with winner 'CoUDled with
Dunfrre. ••Coupled with Sofala. • ' '-."-•"*"
Postmaster at Los Angeles.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the nomination of Lewis
A. Groff to be Postmaster at Los Angele3,
Cal.
«S4. THIUI> lIACE— MiIe and a half ; selling:; four-year-oids ami upward; pun><\ t.VK).
Tlmo-Vi. :I7'«: H. M; -*. 1 21 : mile. l:« 4: H«m. 2;ll' 4 r l<im, 2:36>;. Good Btart. W^rTail
Xhrtf driving. Winner. Tarruthers & fchiPld 1 oh. p.. by imp. Toppallant-Easay Tnnmait
roMldenUr.tbe best. Kullman nearly outrode Martin through the stretch Weller runs
Iwttcr wllh a '"catch" *p.
Victory for Thorsens.
STOCKTON, Jan. 25.— Judge Jones de
cided this afternoon from the bench that
the sole heirs to the estate of Peter Chris
tensen, the miser hermit, who died In this
county over a year ago, are four first cous
ins of the deceased, residing in Denmark,
on the isle of Alsen. Each will receive an
equal share of what remains of the estate
after the legatees of tho will are settled
with, about $75,(X>0. Christensen was an il
legitimate child and had no brother or
sister, though there were claimants to the
estate, who claimed relationship in that
direction. The Judge in his decision de
clared that it was positively in evidence
that Christensen had no brother or sister
and that he was a native of Denmark, and
not Norway, as the other claimants de
clared. The decision is a victory for the
Thorsen claimants.
French Territory in China.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 25.— The extension of
tho French settlement has been finally
settled, and the new area will be two
and a half times that of the present set
tlement. The arrangements will become
effective March 14.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1300, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND UACi/ntACK, Thursday. January 23. lt«oo.— Woather fine. Track fast.
AMATEUR BOXERS WILL
MEET IN THE ARENA
Columbia Athletic Club Officials Ar
range an Attractive Programme
for Their Exhibition.
The regular exhibition of the Columbia
Athletic Club will be held to-night in Us
rooms, 28 Golden Gate avenue. The main
event will be a ten-round bout between
Jack Dean and Charles Johnson, at 135
pounds. Jack Hall and Henry Lewis will
also box ten rounds at the lightweight
limit. Charles Frost and Kid Finnerty,
two lively feather-weights, will box eirht
rounds, as will Phil Baker and Jack Carr,
a brace of heavy-weights. The last exhi
bition of the club resulted in some sensa
tional boxing, the majority of the men
being evenly matched. Referee McGinley
will be the third man in the ring in all tho
bouts.
BUSH CONFESSES.
Believed to Be Guilty of More Serious
Crimes Than Burglary.
SAN ANDREAS. Jan. 25.— Joe Bush, tha
burglar captured In. a filthy den In a tur.<
nel at Yacquie Camp last Wednesday, to-»
day confessed to Sheriff Thorn that h6»
had committed five burglaries In this 10-«
cality besides numerous petty thefts. H*
keeps his head shaved presumably to
changa his looks and from words mart*
vertently dropped is no doubt wanted 1:*
Chicago for a serious crime.
Molineux Trial Postponed.
NEW YOltlv. Jan. 25.— The trial of Ro
land B. Molineux was to-day adjourned
until Monday next. Juror Brown beinff
still ill. His r'lysician sent word to the
court to-day that Mr. Brown would ba
unable to leave his house before Monday
next. Acting upon the physician's report}
the Recorder announced that the easel
would be adjourned until Monday.
BAKERSFIELD
FIELD TRIALS
HAVE CLOSED
Sams Bow Wins the Cham
pion Stake From Peach
Mark.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 25.— The seventh
annual field trials of the Pacific Coast
Field Trial Club were brought to a suc
cessful conclusion to-night, one day ear
lier than was anticipated owing to the
fact that th» Members' stake was de
clared off for lack of, entries. Some of
the most Bcnsational work ever seen at
tho trials took place during to-day's all
age and champion stakes. In the former
a surprise was sprung by Cuba of Ken
wood, and Nellie Wilson coming in for
second and third place. The work of each
yesterday was, to say the least, mediocre,
but their performances to-day were so
brilliant that they were placed as above
stated.
The heat yesterday evening between
Gladstar and Peach Mark, which turned
out in an unsatisfactory way owing to
Gladstar's disappearance, was, at the sug
gestion of Judge Johnson, declared off
and the dogs placed down this morning
as though the heat had not been run. A
late start was made on the grounds, and
the first brace of dogs, Gladstar and
King of Blithe, were cast off at 8:40 in
an open field into which a large number
of birds had been flushed. There was
plenty of opportunity for range and speed
work, and out a few yards had been cov
ered by the dogs when each pointed al
most at the same instant. Star soon
pointed another single near a ditch, which
King did not honor, but went in and took
the point in front of Star. The dogs were
down less than fifteen minutes, when they
were ordered up, and Peach Mark and
Cuba of Kenwood called for. In this heat,
as in most of the succeeding ones, bril
liant work was done. Each dog pointed
and backed in faultless style, and both
were steady to wing and shot. The heat
lasted exactly fifteen minutes. It ap
peared to the spectators that the work
of the two dogs was abouf equal.
The next brace cast off were Verona
Cash and Nellie Wilson. This, like the
preceding heats, was of short duration.
Nellie gained three points to nothing lor
Verona. It was believed by many that
Cuba's excellent work in the first heat
would bring^him into the finals, and this
was confirmed by the Judge next calling
for Cuba, and Gladstar, who went down at
i): 40. They were cast off in an open field
adjoining that in which the first work v/sa
done. In a feVt- moments Cuba had
dropped to a point, which Star failed to
honor, and instead of backing circled
around Cuba, evidently endeavoring to lo
cate the bird. His handler finally dropped
him, but in doing so flushed the bird, but
Cuba remained steady. The pair was 01
dered up at once, having been down les><s
than five minutes.
Peach Mark and Nellie Wilson were
next called for, and this again was a beau
tiful heat, it being difficult to say which
dog bad the better of the excellent range
and point work displayed. The heat last
ed twenty-five minutes, after which the
dogs were ordered up, and the judge an
nounced that the next brace would te
Cuba and Peach Mark, and declared a re
cess of half an hour to give Peach a
breathing spell. It was evident by this
time what dogs would be in the money,
but there was a grave , question ,as to
whether Cuba or Peach Mark would win
first. After intermission the brace were
turned down and ran for twenty-five min
utes. Again in this heat was high-class
work shown by each. . At the ciose tiie
judge announced the decision as follows:
First, \V. W. Van Arsdale's Englisn
setter Peach Mark (by Mercury-Betsy
Mark); second, Stockdaie Kennels' point
er Cuba of Kenwood (by Glettbeigh Jr.-
Stella); third, Stockdaie Kennels' pointer
Nellie Wilson (by Plain Sam-Dollle II).
The winner of the all-age stake. Peach
Mark, has only added to an already brill
iant' record -by winning first.' She took
third place in the Derby in 1596, first in tre
all-age 'in IW, first in the all-age in 181-8
and again to-day, making three successive
winnings, as she was not entered in ISW.
Her work throughout the trials was very
even, and thougn not as brilliant as that
of some of the others it was always con
sistent. , ir
After the conclusion of the race \V. S.
Tevis, president of the club, announced
that he had provided lunch lor the entire
party, and ail were invited to the table,
which was spread upon the grass near the
trial grounds. Immediately afterward
entries were opened for the champion
stake, but only two were offered. These
were Stockdaie kennels' Sam's Bow, and
the winner of the all-age. Peach Mark.
After two hours' intermission the two
dogs were cast off for this event, which
was to be of two hours' duration. After
a short run a bevy of birds was found in
an open and the most brilliant heat of the
trials followed.
Peach Mark should have been somewhat
tired after her morning's work, but did
not show it, and Sam's Bow, as if aware
that he had an antagonist worthy of his
skill, put. up a most excellent perform
ance. The birds were worked from the
open field Into a vegetable garden, and it
was point and back, point and back until
the spectators became tired keeping tally.
At one time Peach Maik seemed to have
the better of it, but made a blunder by
not honoring one of Sam's points, which
again put them on an equality. After one
1 our and a half had expired the dogs were
taken to the timber, where a large bevy
was flushed and Sam's Bow made a bevy
point soon afterward at the edge of an
opening. The dogs were ordered up and
were so nearly equal in the race that this
one point decided the judge in favor of
Sam's Bow, and he was declared cham
pion. An impromptu meeting of the club
was held on the grounds, and as there
were but three entries for the members'
stake it was decided to declare it off and
return the entrance money, which was
done. • ,
Sam's Bow, winner of the champion
stake, was winner of the all-age in 1899,
and is owned by the Stockdaie kennels. |
Several of the visitors and club members
will form shooting parties and remain
about Bakersfield for a few days.
Judge Johnson will try his skill on Cali
fornia quail for the first time, and after
three or four days' visit will go to San
Francisco, where he will remain for a
short visit.
The trials throughout have been suc
cessful and the Judging highly satisfac
tory. The club has extended a vote of
thanks to Judge Johnson for his excellent
work throughout the meeting.
SOFALA IS
BEATEN OUT
BY. DUNFREE
A Ragged Starl Contributed to
the Unbeaten Filly's Down
fall—Oakland Results.
After sroring four straight victories
Barney Schrelber's unbeaten Balgowan
filly Sofala mot a reverse yesterday in the
two-year-old scramble at Oakland. She
went to the post a 7 to 10 choice over the
eleven other youngsters sporting silk, and
only a mishap prevented her from making
It five straight. Thorpe on Dunfree,
drawing the rail position, beat hit field
away, anil in a. driving finish led the first
choice out over a length. Headed into
the stretch, Sofala showed first, but tired
as the wire was neared. Lucidia, the
winner's stable mate, ran third.
Four first choices were toppled over.
With one or two exceptions, every event
furnished a contest. In bowling out Dr.
Nembiii.i, tho Burns & Waterhouse entry.
Dr. Shei>pnrd. p<jual<^l the coast record of
1:45%; lor one bfiile and a sixteenth.
Mike Daly, the New York horseman,
scored his lir:-t win at the meeting, with
Jael, in the opening scramble. There was
plenty of ;5 to 1 In thu ring, and the big
mare won. with Johnny Daly sitting up
straight in the saddlo. Almoner, the fa
vorite, lost the place to Mainstay in a
hard drive. , ".
It was only a romp for Andrissa, the
fast St. Andrew filly, to take the seven
furlong run for three-year-olds. Her first
start this season, she was backed from 9
to 10 to 1 to 2. She ran away from the
field. Hani ridden. Rachel C disposed of
Louis B. MeWhfrter for the place.
If Topmost had not been much the bet
ter horse Forte would have taken his
measure. The Shields entry was plunged
on at the short price of 3 to 5, and in a
drive lasting a sixteenth of a mile only
gained the decision over Forte by a head.
Jack Martin, astride the winner, did not
lose his head, holding Bullman safe de
spite the latter'a strong efforts. Weller
was the only other starter.
11l luck still pursues Dr. Nembula. for
he lost the mile and a sixteenth handi
cap by a neck, nfter the winner, Dr.
Bheppard, had beaten the barrier three
lenptljs. At the paddock Dr. Nembula,
who ruled favorite, looked a winner, when
Sheppard. responding again to Bullman's
hard urping, drew away, winning in a
gruelling drive. Flamora, with 90 pounds
up, was a bang up third.
Displaying rare good form, Novia, from
the Spreckels string, turned up a clever
winner of the six-furlong handicap. The
stable sent in a good commission on the
mare, and after leading from the start
she downed Ventoro by a couple of
lengths in 1:13%. May W, carrying 123
pounds, lost the show to Good Hope. The
winner was 4 to 1 in the ring.
Track Notes.
Only a portion of the horses' owned by
J. Naglee Burk were sold at yesterday's
sale. Following were the prices realized:
Coda. $135, J. Foley; Dolore, $205, J. Crane;
Kspirando, $110, W. M. Singleton; Evirato,
$30, J Brown; Festoso. $500, W. Fine;
Fiero $40. J. Proll; Gravlta. $200, W. Han-
Ion; Garbo, $300, "Daggie" Smith; Grozia,
$25, W. McCarty; Gusto. $345, S. Bouley;
Gioeoso, $70. K. Jones.
Bullman still leads his brother riders in
the jockey contest, the score to date being
as follows:
Bullman 37!Piggott 4
Jenkins 2u Phelan 4
Spencer 17|L. Turner 4
f. Walsh 14 Ross S
Thorpe 12 J. Daly 3
E. Jones 10 J. Martin 3
Henrr 4,Kiley J
Conley 4^'. Hennesey 1
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five and a half furloncs; maid
en four-year-olds and upward; selling. '
6.-.7 Senora Caesar. .lo3 639 Helen G 103
676 Tim Toolin ....115: 644 Colonel Root ?..112
.. . Paul Kruger 112; 676 Dclecta 103
633 Hunch 105.... Flamero 112
. . May Bloom ....110 Harry Corby ...112
'.... Henry C 115
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up: sellinsr.
667 St Outhbert 109 (670) Momentum 112
f,«4 El Estro 104 6*l Tirade 109
64S Imp. <;ionsllla...lii" 672 Pompino 106
66S Cormorant IWI H7O Greyhurat 101
<62'J)Lady Meddlesm.lo4, 677 Croker 10«
511 P. A. Finnegan.loi(,(6Sl)Del Paso II 112
Third race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling.
6.-.7 Cipriano 97 628 Summer 92
664 Corolla 75 63S Antler S3
6*l Stuttgart 107 623 AVhaleback 112
647 Ailenna »0 642 Alaria 92
(r,27)Tuthill 9S| 599 Rixford 89
Perseus 97iJ6G5)Tom Cromwell. .lla
Fourth race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse.
Asian 104 ©o» uruiaess »»
"€72 Tiburon 113 671 Brown Prince... ll7
5C3 Midlove 111! 678 Vloris- 11l
663 Mafada 120 646 Billy Moore 104
€25 Bogus Bill 104 603 Lady Helolse ..115
2SO Waterwlck 104 .... Bandora 99
Fifth race — One and one-sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and up; Belling.
674 Horton 101 1 666 Scotch Plaid ...103
C 32 Einstein 103, 674 Wyoming 103
64' Glengaber 101' 637 White Fern 96
(6«6)Merop» 101 ' 679 Grand Sachem. .lo3
(618)6pponent 106' (647) Jingle Jingle.... 96
(.575)Imperlous • 106 1 — Mary Klnsella..lol
Sixth race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and up.
(67S)Sly MSi 660 Ben Ledl 10S
675 Afamada W 646 Hurdoc 95
(4>>'i)Montßomery 110! (a4o)Southern Girl .. 93
66-» Antoinette' !»«: 675 High Hoe 10S
C 65 Mike Rice UO, 614 Malay 110
Gos February 108:
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Tim Toolln, Senora Caesar,
Helen G.
Second race— Clonsllla, St. Cuthbert, Lady
Meddlesome.
Third race— Tuthlll, Tom Cromwell, Alaria.
Fourth race — Mldlove, Tlburon, Lady
Hcloise.
Fifth race— Merops, Scotch Plaid, Wyoming.
Sixth race— Afamada, Sly, Southern Girl.
SPORTS OF THE DAY
FAST DOGS
TO RUN AT
INGLESIDE
Open Stake .Attracts a Small
Group of Great Grey
hounds.
The stake at Ingleslde Coursing Park
for Saturday and Sunday is limited to
eighty entries. Among the dogs which
will go to the slips are: Flora McDonald,
Moss Rose, Maid of the Mill, Minneola, St.
Anthony, Connemara, Lily of the West,
Daisy Clair, Wild Tralee, O. K. Capitol,
Young America and Golden Rule. Cours
ing will commence on Saturday at 11:00
a. m. and on Sunday at 11 a. m. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
Open stake, eighty entries— E. M. Kellogg s
Hummer vfe. R. K. de B. Lopez's Minneapolis;
Connell Bros. 1 Dunmore vs. \V. J. Browning s
Mountain Belle; Al Austin's Firm Foe vs J. 11.
l'erigo's Pretty Girl; J. Keenan's Blacklocfc vs.
Lowe & Thompson's King's Borderer; «..
Lynch's Loiterer vs. Captain C. Anderson s De
fiance; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. J. O Shea s
Young America; Russell. Allen & Wilson s Chi
cago Boy vs. J. Hurley's O X Capitol; J.
Perry's Sweet Belle vs. N. Johnson s Mountain
Beauty; H. A. Deckelman's Glen Chloe vs.
Curtis & Kon's Vulcan; R. E. de B. Lopez s
Arrow vs. F. C. Mack's Black Paul; H. H.
Gray's Rona vs. M. Mlchalek's Glen Roy; H.
Lynch's Benlcia Boy vs. Connell Bros. St.
Helen; J. Dean's Connemara vs. R. E. de B.
Lopez's McGregor; Conncll Bros." Mamie Pleas
ant vs. E. D. fallon's Al; E. J. Heeney's Hark
away II vs. T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralte; Curtis
& Son's Maud S vs. W. C. Glasson'.s Terrona;
N. P. Whiting's Minneola vs. G. J. Panario's
High Flyer; Connell Bros." Happy Thought vs.
Lowe <fc Thompson's Little Fullerton; John
Btrehl'B Three Cheers vs. T. J. McHugh's Moss
Rose; L. Wiggins' Dexter P. vs. A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox vs. Kelly
& Hanley's Baby King; J. H. Perlgo's Lady
Davenport vs. J. Seggerson's Gold Hill; Rus
eell, Allen J* Wilson's Daisy Clalr vs. J. Dean'B
MiaJmo; H. A. Deckelman's Old Glory vs. J. H.
Perlßo's Controller; Ccnnell Bros. 1 Senorita vs.
Captain Cane's Mira Monte- E. M. Kellogg's
Lady Gtlmore vs. H. H. Gray's Terronette;
Russell, Allen & Wilton's Belle Claire vs. J.
Holden's Scottish Chief; T. J. Cronin's Depend
On Me vs. T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle; F.
Moran's False Flatterer vs. J. Ronnlngs Lady
Geraldlne; P. Heran's Martha Washincton vi.
G. Smarts Silkwood; E. M. Ketlogg's lowa Boy
vs. T. Nevins' Nellie N; J. Keenan's Royal Oak
vs. D. Toland's Twilight Jr. ; 11. A. Deckel
man's Snapshot vs. J. Dean's Glide; T. J. Mc-
Hugh'a Maid of the Mill vs. J. Dean's Gallant:
E. D. Fallon's, Lily of the West vs. Lowe &
Thompson' 6 Flora McDonald; J. O' Shea's
Golden Rule vs. T. J. Cronin's Maid of Ball;
N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony vs. J. Dean'e
Peggy: Connell Bros.' Log Boy vs. J. Segger
son's Candelaria; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Miss Penman vs. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl; J.
Etrehl'e Jimmy Cork vs. Larkey & Rock's Lib
erty Bell.
ARMED MEN
FILL STREETS
OF FRANKFORT
Evidently Expected That the
Election Contest Board
Would Report.
LEFT AT NIGHTFALL
Colonel Williams Emphatically De
nies That They Were Memb9rs
of the State Militia.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 23.— A special
train bearing more than 1000 men carry
ing Winchester rifles arrived in Frankfort
at 8:30 o'clock this morning. The men
hail from the counties of Bell, Allen.
Knox, Harlan. Whlttler. Metcalf and Ed
mundson. Frankfort is overflowing with
visitors, but none except those arriving
to-day carry arms. Oovernor Taylor
stated to an Associated Press representa
tive th,at the men were not soldiers. He
disclaimed any knowledge of the identity
or purpVse of the armed visitors.
The m\n marched to the State House,
stacked t\eir guns and took up positions
in groups about the buildings. They were
all provided with badges bearing a por
trait of Governor Taylor, which they
pinned on th\ir breasts. Adjutant Gen
eral Collier states that he had no knowl
edge that the men were coming. Many of
the visitors are members of the State
Guard. The total number arriving on the
special train cannot be stated exactly.
The tram had fourteen cars.
Ex-Secretary of State Flnlay addressed
the visitors from the steps of the State
House. He said the gathering was to see
Justice done. A committee was appointed
to draft resolutions. Stephen Sharp of
Lexington was chosen chairman.
The resolutions committee drafted the
following to be presented to the Legis
lature:
We, Kentuckians. her* assembled in token
of all the "free and equal" men of Kentucky,
do reassert the "great and essential principles
of liberty and free government," proclaimed in
the bill of rights, not as derived to us there
from, but as "inherent."
Our property we may alienate from ourselves
and our children, but liberty Is a heritage to
us In tru6t for all Generations, and we may
neither surrender nor encumber It. We de
clare apaln the prerogative right of freely com
municating cur thoughts and opinions; also,
to assemble together in a peaceable way for
our common good and the good of our fellow
men of Kentucky. More especially do we de
clare our right and authority, conferred on us
by Almighty power, and not otherwise, of ap
pealing to those Invested with the power of
government, by either petition cr remonstrance,
and we represent to them, our brethren of Ken
tucky, our agents in the Legislature convened,
that the government of Kentucky Is founded
on our authority and institute.l for our peace,
safety and happiness and the protection of
property— our own and theirs, as well as that
of the stranger within our gates. We petition
them, our proxies in the General Assembly, to
heed that there is peril hovering over all those
things so dear to us and them, and that calm
ness and prudence and wisdom need be Invoked
in order that truth and justice may prevail;
and we exercise our rtght of remonstrance
against their suffering themselves to be led Into
the temptations of partisan pride in the crisis
which Is on us. We beseech them to remem
ber that their own Just powers were loaned
them by us at the polls, and that among these
was the Jurisdiction to decide Judicially and
by due process of law and not otherwise what
was then our expressed will, not their prt&ent
political preference. •
We Implore them that they do not, on slight
or technical pretexts nor flimsy or trivial
muses, permit the subversion of that supreme
law of the land, the will of the people.
We beg of them that they receive from the
hands of our messengers and consider and do
not spurn or despise this, our earnest address,
petition and remonstrance, and that they, by
their considerate action, protect, preserve and
promote the safety and welfare, and. above all.
the honor of Kentucky committed to their keep-
tns. CHARLES FINLEY.
DR THOMAS W. BERRY,
A. W. KAZOR,
CLAUDE CHINN.
The lower house of the Legislature met
at 11 o'clock and, on motion of Mr. Can
trell, Democratic leader, a resolution was
adopted excluding all but ladies from the
chamber and galleries.
Mr. Catron, Republican, asked the con
sent of the House of Representatives to
permit a non-member to present a reso
lution, but Speaker Trimble ruled that
nobody but a member could do so.
A rumor is in circulation, but is per
sistently denied, that Judge Cantrell of
the local Circuit Court has summoned all
Democratic deptuy sheriffs of the State to
Frankfort. The commonwealth's attor
ney, Franklin, says he knows of no such
order.
The armed men of the mountains, con
trary to expectations, on the advice of the
Republican authorities here, left Frank
fort at o'clock to-night. The consensus
of opinion here is that the visitors mis
took this for the day on which the contest
boards were to make their report.
The men were an hour getting aboard
their train and amused themselves during
the delay by discharging their guns. The
peoplo of the city gave them a wide
berth. They are expected to return when
the contest ends.
The arrival In Frankfort of this crowd
of SOO to 1000 armed men with rifles might
have terrorized a community less inured
to sensational happenings, but by night
fall the excitement caused by the ap
pearance of the warlike visitors had sub
sided and the people were prepared for
another turn in the events now making
history at the State capital. The train
that bore the armed men was made up of
fourteen coaches. Apparently but few
here knew that it was expected. Lunch
was served to the armed host at the rear
of the State House. While It Is generally
believed that many of the men were sol
diers, no person in authority will stand
tyxmsor for tho statement, while Gov
ernor Taylor and Adjutant General Col
lier disclaim any connection with them.
LEXINGTON, Jan. 25.— Concerning: the
claim that the armed men who went to
Frankfort from here to-day were part of
the State Guard and were under orders.
Roper D. Williams, colonel of the Second
Regiment, said:
"Some of these men may be members
of the State Guard, but no order has been
given for their assembling there. All
such orders would fro through my hands
and nonesuch have been received by me."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
082. riHST HACK— Five furlongs: selling; four-y«*ar-ol<3s and upward; purse, $300.
4
I!.
Setting
Horf 1
i£f
w<-:
lift s;
t.
\m. Str.
I 1L 11
Tr^
p. Cl
3 7-
H
aly...
urner
,-Z 9-
1 v.
If-T 4
a..
4 2
> b
4
4 4 LE.
5 Ma
4m."
Jockeys.
• . |Ot
Cl.
A
1-2
1-Z
4
2 2
4
< H 4
44 4 1
•".. Jones....
10
4
40
V^Vr,,
Op.
SI-
T.
Martir
3-S
9.n
i
lilrnan
3-S
7-5
Z-r.
5-2
*
I
1R
19
nklnn
%ra.
'>ra. r ,
1 Jockfyg.
: lop. a.
1
3
2
6
4
7
9
0
1
8
2 1
1 1
3 1
¦ 'i
C 2
4 'j
62
X 1
I 1)I 1 )
Jl
9 '4
I
I
1
1
1 IK
2 2
3 3
4 '4
5 2
6 r.
T 1
S 1
3 i
10 3
11
i iThorpe
|Tiullman ..
i Spencer ...
T. Walsh..
Ruiz
Hennessey
E. Ross
E. Jones...
Henry
Jenkins ...
Li. Turner..
U'lSßOtt ...
3 3
7-10 7-10
*•••« * •
7 10
20 3.l
.... 30 30
.".'."'. 15 15
DO 40
12 12
f.O 100
30 DO
*-•¦
%"¦>.
Htr._
Fin.
¦F*
_J Jockfys.
|Op.
CI.
ppi<a.rd. 6
nhula. 4 |
ra, 3
-*»tter, 4
¦>. 4
ator. a
u!s. C
>a. a
.10* 1 1 114
!100 S 2 1
. SO C S 5
.!<» 4 «I
.103 2 4 1
.104 3 5 2
- W 7 ' Jt ¦ ¦'¦
.VJ6\ S *7 1
5 3
1 1
3 1 .
2 h
< h
6 10
55
7 2
2 1
1 n
4 2
3 h
6 5
5 1
7 1
»
In.
2 n
3 2
4 5
>U
6 6
7 1
8
i Bullman ...
T. Walsh...
F'helan
J. Martin...
Henry
E. Rosa
Buchanan -
lE. Jones
. 3
. 8-5
4
4
8
. . 12
, 20
6
3
11-5
5
¦ •.:¦- 5
15
10
»)
12
%m.
str.
Fin.
I Jockeys. |
lOp- Cl.
i "*
1"1V4
2 4
3'.t
4 »4
5 3
6
1 2
2 n
3 S
4 3
5 6
6
IT. Walsh
'Fponrer
[W. Henntssey
•Tt-nkins
iPhelan
|J. Daly
4 7-2
3 11-5
4 8
8-6 7-2
6 9-2
60 100
2n
. 4...
.". Ml 4
4h
4 1
3 1
S lVi
" *^
4 '4
c
%m.
str.
Fin.
I Jockeys. |
lOp- Cl.
i "*
1"1V4
2 4
3'.t
4 »4
5 3
6
1 2
2 n
3 S
4 3
5 6
6
IT. Walsh
'Fponrer
[W. Henntssey
•Tt-nkins
iPhelan
|J. Daly
4 7-2
3 11-5
4 8
8-6 7-2
6 9-2
60 100
2n
. 4...
.". Ml 4
4h
4 1
3 1
S lVi
" *^
4 '4
c
4m."
Jockeys.
• . |Ot
Cl.
A
1-2
1-Z
4
2 2
4
< H 4
44 4 1
•".. Jones....
10
4
40
I!.
Setting
Horf 1
i£f
w<-:
lift s;
t.
\m. Str.
I 1L 11
Tr^
p. Cl
3 7-
H
aly...
urner
,-Z 9-
1 v.
If-T 4
a..
4 2
> b
4
4 4 LE.
5 Ma
*-•¦
%"¦>.
Htr._
Fin.
¦F*
_J Jockfys.
|Op.
CI.
ppi<a.rd. 6
nhula. 4 |
ra, 3
-*»tter, 4
¦>. 4
ator. a
u!s. C
>a. a
.10* 1 1 114
!100 S 2 1
. SO C S 5
.!<» 4 «I
.103 2 4 1
.104 3 5 2
- W 7 ' Jt ¦ ¦'¦
.VJ6\ S *7 1
5 3
1 1
3 1 .
2 h
< h
6 10
55
7 2
2 1
1 n
4 2
3 h
6 5
5 1
7 1
»
In.
2 n
3 2
4 5
>U
6 6
7 1
8
i Bullman ...
T. Walsh...
F'helan
J. Martin...
Henry
E. Rosa
Buchanan -
lE. Jones
. 3
. 8-5
4
4
8
. . 12
, 20
6
3
11-5
5
¦ •.:¦- 5
15
10
»)
12
%ra.
'>ra. r ,
1 Jockfyg.
: lop. a.
1
3
2
6
4
7
9
0
1
8
2 1
1 1
3 1
¦ 'i
C 2
4 'j
62
X 1
I 1)I 1 )
Jl
9 '4
I
I
1
1
1 IK
2 2
3 3
4 '4
5 2
6 r.
T 1
S 1
3 i
10 3
11
i iThorpe
|Tiullman ..
i Spencer ...
T. Walsh..
Ruiz
Hennessey
E. Ross
E. Jones...
Henry
Jenkins ...
Li. Turner..
U'lSßOtt ...
3 3
7-10 7-10
*•••« * •
7 10
20 3.l
.... 30 30
.".'."'. 15 15
DO 40
12 12
f.O 100
30 DO
V^Vr,,
Op.
SI-
T.
Martir
3-S
9.n
i
lilrnan
3-S
7-5
Z-r.
5-2
*
I
1R
19
nklnnMerchants' Association Directors.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Merchants' Association yesterday Edward
H. Mitchell was presented as the succes
sor to John E. Quinn, who resigned to
become Civil Service Commissioner, and
A. J. McNicoll as euccessor to ex-Director
"The wire-pulling to place
friends in desirable pulpits,
the methods resorted to by
some to secure . desirable pul-
pits, are degrading, and dis-
gusting." From the signed
statement of James C. Mac-
Innes in next Sunday's Call.
1 POSITIVE EVIDENCE I
I " " I
| — -- In My Free Trial Treatments. 1
% ' n^ Each day brings stronger evidence that ray %
I JBjV -e^ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S METHOD f
<?' v§Mi>£ I \\ of applying electricity in the cure of disease is all I claim for ir.
S c**^^>> I 1I 1 \ en anc * women w^° a(^ n0 f a 'th * n nl y treatment and who S
§ - v^^^-^*"~**s^- >^/ \ A called at my office >imply out of idle curiosity have gone away o
d /*"" %'% ' r- —^ convinced by actual application th it it is the greatest boon to £*
§ / ** j-> *«^J suffering humanity. Sin:e the first announcement of my free §
sir \\ y 'T^^^^^ trial treatment my office has been thronged with people eager g
« / A^/ * * =3S> 3sf t 0 learn of and test m/ method of curing disease, and we have «
JSJ j»\ \ /4&gsW yet to hear one ccmplaint regarding its efficiency or word of §
S I / \ l/zJ®i&m^ doubt as to the claims I have advanced — namely, that it is the i£
£>; 4 "' only positive and permanent cure for all nervous ailments, <>
<3 sexual trouble, lame back, kidney trouble, rheumatism in g
I -•!-.. al , its forms> §
I SPECIAL HALF PRICE OFFER.
q Send me your old belt of any other make and
3 1 will send you one of my latest improved
g appliances at half my regular price.
FREE BOOK. |
Call and take free a trial treatment, or send g
for my new book, finely illustrated, which iO
explains my method and prices of Belts. **
« FID M A Md AUGHLIN I " Vflrlcocele ««<* Weakness. S
8 UK. IVI. M. IYICL-ttUVJriL.ll'S KINGSBURO. Cal.. Jan. 10. 1300. J?
§ "(\f Market St cor Kearny. 8. F.; Burdlck DR. M. A. MeLAUGHLIX— D«ar Sir: lam able to report that your Belt treat- «
S i. t Rnrintr and Second Sta Los An- ™* nl haB benented ™y case v «ry much and greatly restored my power. I have j£
8 Block, cor. Spring and Second Ms., Ix>s An- galned , n wel*ht and appetite, and sleep well since following your advice. Yours. 8
| SeleB> NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. with kind regards, A. C. LOOMIS. | |
Warrant for a Collector.
A warrant was secured in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday for the arrest of J.
E. Davis on a charge of misdemeanor em
bezzlement. He was employed by Rosen
blat & Co., wine merchants. 113 Pin*
street, and is accused of collecting ac
counts aggregating mnre than $300 from
customers and appropriating the mon«y to
his own uses and purposes.
> CN EFORE the close of the year it is expected that the fountain presented <
> [^ to the city by the late Mervyn Donahue will be In position at the in- •
*—J tersection of Bush. Battery arci Market streets. Douglas Tilden has just !
i completed the design and It has been approved by the executors. Colonel ]
$ J. F. Burgin and Peter J. McGlynn. ¦
? In his will Mr. Donahue provided that the sum of $25,000 should be set ;
> aside for a fountain at the point ramed. with the instruction that it should •
j be a monument to mechanical art. Two years ago the work was entrusted to :
j Mr. Tilden. Many ideas have been followed out in the design as perfected. ',
y The lower figures represent Old Age and Manhood. The upper tlgxire.s are typ ;
» ical of Youth. The propeller and the carwheel are to represent the industrial |
i interests with which Mr. Donahue was identified, and the anvil recalls thft •
* time when the deceased capitalist's father was a blacksmith, many years ago. :
> The statuary will be one of the finest pieces of the sculptor's art in the court- :
i Try. The figures will be eight feet in height and will be of bronze, while the :
. base will be of granite. The whole will be twenty-eight feet high from the !
. base, and the greatest diameter of the basin will be forty feet. The bronze I
? castings will weigh not less than three and a half tons, and will be turned out j
> in this city. The figures will require about three months to complete, and the j
s executors expect that the fountain will be finished and in position by the end ;
t of the year. i
CITY OF PEKING
GIVES UP HER
SOLDIER DEAD
Rolla V. Watt, who also holds a munici
pal office. Director Frank J. Symmes was
elected as treasurer to succeed Treasurer
Watt and was assigned to the committee
on trade and finance. Director Mitchell
I was assigned to the committee on public
affairs, and Director McXicoll to the com
mittee on publicity and promotion. The
following new members were elected to
the association, making the present total
membership 1143* A. W. Blow & Co..
j I>3Uis Cahen & Son. Galindo & Rothberg
j J. F. Dunn. W. C. Hamilton. Hockett
; Tiros. & Co.. Hartland Law, Lundberg &
i Lc-e and C. Solomon .Tr
Bodies Landed at the
Presidio.
WILL BE HELD FOR ORDERS
STORED IN THE CHRISTIAN
ASSOCIATION BUILDING.
The soldier dead from the transport City
of Pekir.g were landed on the Presidio
wharf late yesterday afternoon, and until
long after dark the wagons of the pn^t
were traveling back and forth between
the wharf and the building where th<?
bodies axe to lie, for a while at !e.ist.
The relatives of the dead will be notified
by the quartermaster, and if they so de-
Fire the bodies will be sent home at the
Government's expense, otherwise they will
t>e buried in the national cemetery at the
Presidio. The delay in landing the bodies
was due to the fact that the history of
each was on the coffin, and there were no
complete lifts of the bodies, fo it was ar
ranged that the quarantine authorities
6hould inspect each as it came from the
hold of the vessel.
Services will be held over the body of
Commander James W. Oarlin thi? morr.inir
at the Unitarian Church. Franklin and
<Jeary streets. The body will be escorted
to the church by marines and bluejackets
from Mare Island, and the pallbearer* v- ill
be prominent naval officers from this stn
tion. The friends of th<? dead offir«r will
be out in force. His body will be sent
East after the services in tho church.
Thf> cabin passengers on the P'-kins
vc^re landed early in the day by the trans
port tup Fearless. The Peking will be
turned bark to her owners as foon a« »iiA
Gnv<-rnm<'nt inspection has been coir
pleted.
floor store?. Farther up. on the side (it the
street next to the markets, the upper floors
have been vacant for many months. There la
no single block in San Francisco where there
are so many vacancies, and It Is entirely due
to the presence of the markets and the bad
condition In which they are kept. When the
rubbish Is removed It is generally done at an
unseasonable hour and In such a way that
the odors cannot be prevented from circulat
ing offensively around the neißhborhood. the
removal generally beinjj accomplished In the
middle of the day in the worst possible hours
for other people, except flsh and poultry deal
ers, trying to do business in the neighbor
hood, driving away their customers and pre
venting transit trade coming to their doors.
We respectfully submit that an order should
he made that garbage must be moved at early
hours in the mornlnp or after business hours
In the evening. We should like to talk the
matter over with you at a meeting of your
board and shall thank you to advise us of the
time of such meeting if you will kindly listen
to our appeal.
Bargain Friday Safe.
Men's Wool Under-
wear.
Men's Natural Woo 1 Underwear, Shirts
and Drawers, trimmed with silk, finely
fashioned, drawera re-enforced, a good
all-the-y<?ar-round weight for San Fran-
cisco climate, and a staple $1.00 arti-
cle, on special sale to-day, per garment
77c
Two Days' Special Sale.
Ladies' Jackets*
$W.OO, tiS-OO *nd $20.00
Jackets for $4 95— The new
$10.00 Jacket in pic- /tOffl^*)
ture, and many other MMP&£3\
styles of last season's fi> ;^^>vf?
$15.00 and $20,00 {^W^/
fine all-wool Jack- %^^s\
ets, coverts, kerseys
and cheviots, nearly
all of the fashionable /"Wi^\ }T
colors in the collec- / <==^*\
tion, most of them I \ c- QI (
silk lined, Jackets/ A yij
that were *8.50, $10, (-?<* v\ \o dL
> 12.50, $15.00 and \ \J \ |(
$20,00, on special \JS^f Il>=\
sale to-day and Sat- j, v^i^sAHp*
urday only.. •¦•••—••" 'fe^l^K*
$4*95
/^*l2f S~7? — " v A* Concert Saturday
/ • i^y> " / 7:30 to tO:3O B. m.
I /sJ/S A *SjS2 ssV7 y r^/flsf^*yf/7 Slgnor Antonio Vargas, the
\^/yCyCyU / C^ / CiyC / /^y Qjy/CyUZ/L Ot/M^ famoS barytona soloist, will make his reap-
yy JXit—OA'**' -^/f^y pearance. He will sing: "Oh, Thou Sublime
// \sorciAL SALES — • 7/ Evenin S Star '" from 'T^nhauser"; "Palm
// r,'.*"?*! *"" r? "" fi Branches."
Music Half Price.
Until further notice the big
store will supply you with any sheet music
published at one-half publishers' prices:
$1.00 Music... soo 50c Music. ..2sc
75c Music 38c 40c Music. ..2OC
Music Department— Second Floor.
SHIPLOAD OF
GOLD TO PAY
THE SOLDIERS
Sent to Manila on the
Pennsylvania.
• — .
INCREASE IN COASTING FLEET
•
CALIFORNIA SHIP COMPANY
BUYS MORE VESSELS.
Stsamer Excelsior Sails for Alaska.
Carries Mail and Passengers for
Nome — New Tug for
Santa Fe.
»
The transport Pennsylvania sailed yes
terday afternoon for Maulli. She took
away a very heavy cargo of supplies tor
the army in the Philippines. Ths stop in
Honolulu will only be a short one, as the
provisions on board are required at array
headquarters in Manila. Tho Pennsylva
nia carries J1.500.W0 in gold oo'.r. and a
considerable sum in treasury notes for the
payment of the soldiers. Lieutenant J.
B. Leigle and a detachment of nine men
are in charge of the treasure. Major W.
H. Comegys, paymaster; Major A. C.
Markley, and Major Henry Wygant, First
Lieutenant Walter Cox, surgeon, and
three assistant surgeons, all tor the
Twenty-fourth Infantry, were among the
cabin passengers. Two Government print
ers, three men to assist In putting up a
refrigerating plant at Manila and twenty
members of the hospital. corps and signal
corps also went along.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Moana sailed last night for Aus
tralia via Hawaii, Samoa and New Zea
land. Many or the passengers are for
Honolulu, all of them being anxious to
get home in spite of the plague scare. The
lieignt from Australia for Honolulu which
was brought on here by the Mail boat will
be landeu on this return trip of the
Moana.
The California Shipping Company haa
added two more ships to its fleet. Yes
terday William E. Mighell, president and
manager, completed tne purchase of thu
ships Henry Faling and Joseph B.
Thomas. The Faling is now due at New
York and is under charter to load for
Kahului, Hawaiian Islands, while the
Thomas is on her way to Hongkong, at
which port she will load fir San trai.
cisco. Mr. Mighell now handles tifteeii
ships of the California Shipping Com
pany's fleet and is also managing owner
of twelve other vessels. He thus has con
trol of twenty-seven of the largest Amer
ican sailing vessels afloat, ana Is there
fore the biggest ship owner in the United
States.
The steamer Excelsior sailed yesterday
for Alaskan ports, carrying mail for Cape
Nome. She took away eleven passengers,
among whom were K. J. Llndblom and
Frank Sanders. These men and three
others will go as far as Kodlak Island on
the Excelsior and from there will make
their way to the mainland. Once on the
mainland they will start on their tramp
over hil land dale to Nome. Frank Sand
ers has charge of the mail and says he
¦will land it in the gold fields in good
time. Lindblom was one of the discover
ers of Nome and is anxious to get back
there before the spring rush begins.
The Astorian has this to say about the
British ship Clackmannanshire. which is
well known in this port: "The British ship
Clackmannanshire, loaded with grain for
Europe, was found to be leaking badly
when she arrived down from Portland
and she is now tied up at the O. R. and
N. dock for repairs. On the trip down a
drifting log struck the anchor and drove
its fluke through one of her plates. This
was not discovered until yesterday morn
ing, when one of the men went down into
tho hold for some coal and dropped into
several feet of water. The injury is not
a serious one and the cargo is in no dan
ger. It is a matter of much surprise that
a ship with such a name did not strike
one of the numerous bars in the river and
sink out of sight altogether, wheat and
all."
Chief Officer F. E. Horton of the trans
port Conemaugh is now a benedict
Wednesday morning he was married to
Miss Lena Gillespie of Salinas and the
happy couple are now enjoying a short
honeymoon at Monterey. Mr. Horton Is
the youngest chief officer in tho transport
service and has a host of friends.
The Santa Fe Company's new tug Rich
mond will have her trial trip to-morrow,
bhe will leave Mission-street wharf at 11
a. m., carrying the. guests of the Fulton
Iron T\ orks. builders of the ship, and
some of tho employes of the railroad
Friends' Meeting.
Isaac Wilson of Bloomfleld, Ontario,
Canada, a minister of the Society of
Friends, with his wife Ruth Is spending
a few days in this city, and will be pres
ent at a meeting of the Friends, com
monly referred to as Quakers, at Swarth
more Hall, on Harrison street, between
First and Second, next Sunday morning
at 11 o'clock. There arrangements will be
made for holding other meetings.
Y. M. C. A. Anniversary Celebration.
A grand union mass meeting of all the
city churches will Le held next Sunday
afternoon to ceiebrate the forty-seventh
anniversary of the San Francisco' Young
Men's Christian Association, which is one
of the oldest organizations of the kind in
America. The exercises will be held at
the Association Auditorium, Mason and
Ellis streets. A large chorus of' male
voices will furnish music, and the address
will be delivered by Rev. John Hemphili
D.D.: subject. "The Young Man in the
Twentieth Century." R. V. Watt, presi
dent of the association, will preside Serv
ice open to the public.
NEW HEALTH BOARD'S STATUS
District Attorney Preparing Answer
to Dr. Lawlor's Suit.
District Attorney Byington is busy pre
paring the answer of the new Board of
Health in the suit brought by former
Health Officer Lawlor to give reason why
permission to sue should not be gmntoi
by the Attorney General. In discussing
his brief, which will be completed in a
few days. Mr. Byington holds that the
regulation of public health is a municipal
affair and should be controlled by the
municipal charters.
"The charters of practically all clti*"?."
pays the District Attorney, "in this and
other States j«rovid«* for a municipal
Board of Health. Ih«> constitution, of
course, provides for a State board, but
this docs not in any way act against the
prerogative of a municipality to provide
for a local board. . .:
"The 'barter endeavored to provide for
home rule in San Francisco, and its 1 ro
visioris 1 believe to be not only sound i-i
law, but also universally commende-l. It
has be*n held in a Michigan case that
wru-re the laws of the State, pro vide J for
a Board of Health in a township and an
other statute provided for one in a city
¦within the township the provisions appli
cable to the township Board of Health
did not control that of the city, but that
the city charter was paramount as to the
regulations applying to the municipality.
If it were held that the old Board r.f
Health exercised any Jurisdiction or pov
c-rs outside of the limits of this munici
pality, those powers might remain with it
but as to the duties which fall within the
province of the new Board of Health pro
vided for in the charter, and which are
strictly municipal duties, the charter Is
paramount, and the new board would
alone- control the said affairs."
NO POISON FOUND.
Julius Perhacs Died of Heart Disease
and Had Not Bsen Drugged.
Chemist Gn-en reported yesterday to
Coroner Colo that ho had completed his
chemical analysis of the contents of the
stomach of Julius A. Perhacs and found
no traces of poison or other drug. This
disposes of the theory that the deceased
foTh olsonert or dr ui?fft'd before being
Perhaps was a waiter in the San Fran
cisco club. On the night of January 17
11 ? 1 c cluh und <T the Influence of
nquor. At a quarter before 3 o'clock the
r"n X n i" on V n X hl - s body was found
hv ?vv- r^f U °? Eddy street - near H - de >'
t? n" iti £ lann lnK of bl9 Edc , st d
' w '«*>; of;7l| Larkln street. The
pockets of his clothes had been turned
i!? S ? c 0U f l 2 nd hls , Kold watch - several
rnon^- w f ere d m^i n ng. JeW<?lry and SOm<?
Morgue Surgeon Thomas B. W. Leland
Z ,Z h ;j\ rtful autopsy and found that
?n 1 h*h «,*"*" °. au u ed b >' a clot <>f blood
in the In-art and that the deceased had
lo C n£ tfme CtOd "}<*¦ h<art disease for a
long time.
President Jordan to Lecture.
The ladies of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals met yes
terday and listened to an interesting pa
per read by the president. Mrs. C. B.
Holbrook, upon the necessity of educat
ing the younger element of society to be
kind to dumb animals, a letter was read
from President David btarr Jordan, ac
cepting the invitation of the ladies to de
liver a lecture in the parlors of the Oc
cidental Hotel on Thursday evening. Feb
ruary 1. His subject will be the physical
and nervous systems of animals and their
susceptibility to pain. etc. This is the
beginning of a course of lectures to be
held monthly by the society. Other prom
inent scientists will discourse upon this
and kindred subjects. The ladies will hold
their election of officers at their next reg
ular meeting.
FINE STONE HOUSE FOR
UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT
WILL CONFORM TO BENARD'S
ARCHITECTURAL PLAN.
Summer School Curriculum to Bs
Very Largely Extended— Wil
merding School Popular.
No frame house is to be built for the
home of the president of the University
of California. As it will probably be the
first structure to be erected under the now
university plans the Regents decided yes
terday that it should be of stone and of
such architectural beauty as to be at enre
an example and an inspiration for the re
mainder of the buildings. Having ar
rived at this decision, the Regents will
hold a special meeting to mature plans.
President Wheeler presented a report
setting forth his plans for the summer
school at Berkeley. He proposes to great
ly increase the number of subjects thit
teachers can take up, and will organize
the school on a solid basis. Instead of per
mitting it to continue as a segregated
system. Nearly 400 patrons of these sum
mer courses are expected this year and
the president believes that under the ne'-'v
organization the attendance will steadily
increase and that others besides school
teacheis will avail themselves of Ita ad
vantages.
A special committee created for the pur
pose of trying to find out the plans of
the Hastings Law College directorate in
regard to the Affiliated Colleges reported
its mission a failure.
"We sent a long letter to the directors
of the law college," said General Barnes
"and in one sentence, by way of reply
they tell us that they have no informa
tion to give us— in other words, that it is
none of our business."
The committee was continued for the
purpose of learning the exact relationship
existing between the Regents and the law
college directors.
On the recommendation of the presi
dent. E. N. Prouty's resignation from the
institute of civil engineering was accept
ed, and A. E. Chandler was promoted to
the vacant instructorship.
G. D. Louderback, assistant professor in
the department of geology, having been
offered a chair in the University of Ne
vada, was permitted to resign, and \f
Calkins was promoted to the vacancy
Professors Joseph I^e Conte and William
Cary Jones were given a year's leave cf
absence on two-thirds pay. President
Wheeler and Professor Leuschner will be
absent at the Chicago collegiate conven
tion during February, and Mrs. Hearst
¦was authorized to sign all requisitions
during the President's absence.
Two acres of land near Ukiah has been
transferred to the university by the Coast
Geodetic Survey and is to be used for
certain experiments concerning thy de
termination of latitude.
The report on the Wilmerdlng S-hool
showed that the number of pupils is rap
idly Increasing. It was proposed to limit
the number to 150. but this was left to the
committee. The school opened with eip-hty
and now has 13.> students.
CONVICTED OF MURDER.
Coroner Cole Approves a Verdict
Finding Thomas Dillon
Guilty.
Ex-Policeman Thomas Dillon was
charged by a Coroner's jury yesterday
with the murder of Charles Joyce, the
grocer, at 3M9 Seventeenth street. The
jury not only charged Dillon with the
crime, but found him guilty.
The verdict, after reciting that Joyce
was shot by Dillon on January 15 and died
cf his wound, went on to say:
"And we furthermore find the said
Thomas Dillon guilty of murder."
Coroner Cole approved of the verdict.
COMPLAIN OF A NUISANCE.
North Central Improvement Associa-
tion Petitions Board of Health
for Relief.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation is moving to have Clay and Mer
chant streets, between Sansome and
Montgomery, kept clean. An Inspection
has recently been made by representa
tives of the association and complaint has
been made against the fish dealers. Ed
gar Painter, secretary of the association,
has prepared a communication to be sent
to the Board of Health, which is in part
as follows: »
We respectfully call your attention to the
bad condition of the markets on Clay and
Merchant streets, between Sansome and Mont-
Komery. particularly amonp the flsh dealers.
Merchant street Is In r constant state of In
describable filth from the fact that the wash
ings of the fish markets are swept Into the
street and it Is not an unusual stpht to see
dead flsh among; the rubbish In the street.
We applied to the previous IJoard of Health,
but weie unable to secure any relief as they
said that It was out of their control. We
psk.*d them particularly to make a regulation
in the markets that rubbish should be re
movrd at least once a day at a specified hour
or as many times per day as may be deemed
nf . o ".--sary. The odors from the markets are
so disagreeable that It is almost impos«ible
for property owners to rent property in the
vicinity.
We respectfully call your attention to Clay
street, between Pansome and Montgomery. At
the corner of Sansome and Washington streets
the large Nlantlc building is almost entlrely
vacant, three floors being unlet. Xext door.
at 512 Clay street, the lower floor Is vacant.
On the opposite side of the street almost the
entire floor is vacant and two large ground-
JEWISH LADIES MEET.
Israelitischtr Frauen Verein Elect
Officers and Tell of Their
Good Work.
Yesterday afternoon in the vestry-ro^m
of Temple Emarm-El the ladies of the lr>
raelitischer Frauon Verein held their an
nual meeting and election of officers. The
report of the president of the association,
Mrs. Henry W.ingenheim. showed that
during the year $437S 20 was expended in
charity, and that the largest portion of
this sum was spent in monthly stipends
for the support of aged charges, depend
ent widows, deserted wives and families
and the partial payment of rentals of the
society's poor.
Thf report of the secretary established
the fact that the society was in a flour
ishing condition. The total expenditures
for the year amounted to $5144 30 th» total
annual inrom<? $472S 75, leaving a yearly
deficit of J4.*»l 5.J. As, however, the society
has a reserve fund in bank of $10.3!<3 54
th* small yearly deficit did not worry th*>
members.
After the reports of the president and
treasurer had been read the committee on
resolutions and by-laws submitted itfl re
port and offered a resolution to the ef
fect that the name of the society be
r hanged to the Women of Israel. It" was
decided to call a special meeting, when the
subject could be put to a vote.
The following officers were elected to
serve during the year: .President. Mrs.
Koso Wanconru-im: vice president. Mrs.
Sarah Goodman: treasurer. Mrs. Finny
\\ nngpnliHm: secretary. Meyer 11. Lew
trustees. Mrs. F. A. liabc-r. Mrs. George
GreenzwelK. Mrs. Juda Newman. Mrs.
Hugo Rothschild, Mrs. Henry Sinsheimer
and Mrs. Sig Schwabacher.
EPISCOPALIAN
CONVENTION ON
HISTORIC PAGE
Final Adjournment Is
Taken.
ELECTION OF A COMMITTEE
?
SHORT MISSIONARY TALKS BY
GOOD SPEAKERS.
What the delegates unanimously de
clared was the most beneficial and har
monious convention of Episcopalians held
in this city for years ended early yester
day afternoon, many of those In attend
ance departing for their homes in th«
evening. The remainder will leave this
evening, at the expiration of the annual
session of the California branch of the
Women's Auxiliary.
The convention celebrated the feast of
the conversion of St. Paul at an early
hour yesterday and the holy communion
at 8 o'clock. At 9:30 o'clock the election
of members of the standing committee
was made the special order of business,
Bishop Nichols occupying the chair. Rev.
J Bakewell withdrew after long continued
balloting, leaving the result as follows:
Clerical members-Rev. R c Foute,
Rev. E. J. Lion, Rev. W. M Rellly, Rev.
Robert Ritchie. Lay members— U llNuim
Babcock, A. N. Drown, C. D. Haven, Ma
jor VV, B. Hoopi-r.
Favorable progress in the work was re
ported by the board of missions, and the
following resolutions proposed by it wtre
adopted unanimously:
First— That the diocese pledge itself to the
amount of 16000 for the lurtherance o£ mis
sion work. ¦'¦¦¦• *¦,'¦ .
Second— That J2OOO be appropriated for the
celebration of the semi-centennial by added ag
gressive mission work.
A vote of thanks was accorded the rail
way companies for their kindness in
granting the delegates reduced rates, and
Major \V. B. Hooper for his generuus
hospitality to the members of me con
vention. , _,
Sydney Van Wyck delivered an address
in favor of the Pacific Churchman, the
official organ of the diocese. A.con
test followed as to who should render tUc
greatest financial aid, C. V. S. Gibbs, the
patriarch of the diocese, carrying off the
palm with a subscription of $50.
Good reports on the state of the church
and church charities were read by Rev.
George B. Swan and Rev. W\ I. Kip Jr.,
after which a' resolution was adopted
thanking Trinity parish for the use of its
church as a meeting place. The session
finally adjourned after short missionary
addresses by Rev. Mr. Weeden of San
Jose, Rev. Mr. Westlnke of Visalia. Arch
deacon John A. Emery, O. H. Kellogg and
C. D. Haven and a closing speech by
Bishop Nichols, in which he declared that
the convention had been one of the most
profitable and harmonious held in years.
The Woman's Auxiliary will hold a re
union to-day in celebration of the twen
tieth anniversary of the existence of (Uil
fornia branch. Bishop Nichols will cele
brate the holy communion. The sermon
will be delivered by Rev. Dr. Clampett,
rector of Trinity Church.
CLERICS AT THE BOARD.
Pleasant Dinner of the Clerical Sem
inar at the Occidental Hotel.
Fifteen members of the Clerical Semi
nar sat down to dinner at the Occidental
Hotel last evening and, enjoying the good
cheer that had been provided by Major
Hooper, passed a pleasant evening in so
cial relaxation and In listening to ad
dresses on the history of the Episcopal
church in this diocese.
The Seminar is a society composed of
the younger members of the Episcopal
clergy, and the dinner last evening was
merely for the purpose of taking advan
tage of the presence of the members of
the organization that the convention had
brought together In this city and mixing
witH the more serious concerns of their
calling a little Jollification.
Rev. W. I. Kip Jr. acted as toastmaster
and made an address of an introductory
character, replete with wit. The subject
chosen for the speakers of the evening
was "The History of the Kpiscopal
Church in This Diocese," and was divined
into three parts. The tlrst part, "Light
Sketches of the Past," was handled by
Rev. "W. \V. Bours and Rev. W*. A.
Brewer. The speakers on the second di
vision. "Thoughts on the Present," were
Rev. D. Charles Gardner and Rev. H. S.
Hanson. Rev. T. J. Lacey and Rev. E. L.
Parsons finished the subject with speeches
on "The Outlook for the Future."
Following the set speeches ensued a
general discussion, enlivened and bright
ened with many a sparkling epigram and
Impromptu talk, delivered at the com
mand of the toastmaster, who kept the
others busy on a dozen different sub
jects.
MIAMI STRANDED
ON WHITE ROCK
No Hopes of Saving the
Big- Collier.
WAS BOUND FOR THIS PORT
?
NO EXPLANATION OF HOW THE
ACCIDENT OCCURRED.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 23.— A disaster
for which no rational explanation has
yet been offered occurred this morning,
when the big steam collier MlamJ was
leaving 1 the coal chutes at Oyster Bay. in
Pilot Butler's care, and bound for San
Francisco, fully laden.
It was fair weather, and the pilot knows
the harbor like a book, yet the big 3000
ton steamer was piled on White Rock at
the entrance in such a position that every
hour makes it more certain that she will
eventually break her back and go to
pieces. No particulars or explanation of
the wrecking has been offered, and no de
tails can be secured at the office here of
Dunsmuir & Sons, save that this biggest
of their chartered colliers will be a total
loss.
Scows were sent up to-night by Steve
dore Yorke to strip the ship and save all
the coal possible. The Miami Is owned
in New York, and was worth $300,000. Sh«
had been cnarteder by Dunsmuir & Sons
for a long engagement in the trade from
the mines to San Francisco.
WhiJe Quantities Last Those
Carpet Specials.
Tapestry Carpet, with borders to match,
per yard 45c
Ali-Wool Ingrain, best grade SQo
Genuine Velvet Carpets, handsome de-
signs, with borders to match; per
yard 85c
Body Brussels, heavy and durable 85c
Axminster Carpet, good deep pile, with
borders to match, per yard 85c
Linoleums — iooo yards rem-
nants to be closed out at a dis-
count of 35 per cent from regular
prices.
Dress ' Ladles'
Closes Saturday § P| oMen £utz Sa^ar. if Unde^Teafthe
lOC to *f goods CAUFORNIA . s LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE, famous No 100,
63c yard. 1-4- off.
Two Days' Special Sale.
Groceries-Liquors.
Rice, best Japan, 12 lbs sOc
SardineSf imported French, Friday
and Saturday 3 tins for 25ti
Coffee, the favorite Golden Rule
Blend, regularly 30c per lb, special to-
day and Saturday 25c
Port or Sherry, good, sound
wines, regularly 75c gallon, special to-
day and Saturday sOc
Claret, a good table wine, regularly
40c gallon, special to-day and Saturday
30c
Bargain Friday Sale.
Children's Hose.
Re3l two-thread Lisle Hose, fast black,
double sole, full fashioned heel and
French woven toe, a dressy stocking
. that will wear, unusually good value at
25c a pair, sizes 5 to 9J, special to-day
only, per dozen $2,0U, per pair.#7c
Bargain Friday Sale*
Beauty Pins.
Best qnality £i CT"*^v
Fire Gilt Beau- -=?>? >
ty Pins, plain, f~^ —^-^^-^?^r "^ Ji
engraved and T^ji?^
beaded, rogu- ?
larly 12 for
20c, special to-day only, 12 for ..lOc
Bargain Friday Sale.
Tennis Flannels.
103 pieces genuine Teazle Down and Vic-
toria Flannelette, light, medium or dark
colorß, a good heavy cloth, that costs
in the mill to-day from 7Jc to BJc per
yard, suitable for pajamas, nightgowns
and house dresses, on special sale to-day
only, per yard 7hO
Bargain Friday.
Furniture Specials.
Enamel Bed — Heavy malleable iron, with
massive posts, scroll effect, brass trim-
mirfg, complete, with woven wire and
top mattres?, regularly $15 00, to-day..
$10.75
Golden Oak Hat Rack, with 13x27 inch
oval bevel edged French-plate Mirror,
neatly carved, cast brass trimming,
large box seat, all highly polished, a
very pretty design, regularly £15.00.
to-day..... $10.75
Folding Bed, Golden Oak, one of our new-
est patterns, heavy carving, fitted with
Al wire mattress, regularly $22.50, to-
day $16.75
Combination Book Case and Writing Desk,
Golden Oak, large and handsome, regu-
larly $20.00, to-day $14.25
Bedroom Set, eleven piece 3 complete —
bed, bureau, 'washstand, table, two
chaire, one rocker, one wire and one top
mattress and one pair of pillows, solid
oak, golden finish, dresser has swell
front and fitted with 24x30 oval French-
plate mirror, with beveled edge, neat
carving, cast brass trimmings, and all
hand polished— at the very special
price to-day only $38*25
Two Days' Special Sale,
Fine Giothing.
Men's All' Wool Navy Blue
Cheviot cut-, &G.65-Tv;o
f — . days, Friday and Sat-
i—_L urday, hea\-y all-year-
T^sTaJr round weightg, round
\^H cu * single - breasted
vVTI sack style, well made
s\ <$$S\ and lined > Perfect fit-
/ \ f (A tJc S» guaranteed to
/I P I \ £' ye good
Ik L yfT>. wear and
service,
sizes 34 to
42, worth
one-t h i r d
more than
the special
price
$5.65
Boys'
$?.oo
Two-
Piece
Suits,
$3.75-
Mf^> <=«*— *^ just one-
P^ quarter off
for the two days on any of our $5.00 suits
in stock — Blue Cheviots, Serges,
Worsteds, Cassimeres and Fancy Mix-
tures, including our splendid $5.00 "Reci-
procity" Suits, Remember for Friday and
Saturday only instead of $5.00 your choice
$3.75
Bargain Friday Veiling Saie.
Three lots of < excellent Veiling on sale /^f& N
to-day only: %*/ \' V\
800 yards of a 25c quality Black Dotted Veiling; at /%Z^f%/; "]
the very special price, per yard 12c j^fS^j'S' !'
325 Pattern Veib, with preen dots, that retail resru- j
larly at 25c each; special sale Friday f2o v£&SopsP.
84 Pattern Veils, with red or purple dots; speciaP
to-day, while quantity lasts, at 18c v^^vW
Bargain Friday Sales.
Various Departmi's
Face Powder -LTclatant?, a pop-
ular imported Rice Powder, made by
Bourjois & Co. of Park, equal to any
50c powder sold, regularly 2oc a box;
special to-day omy .*. 190
Eucalyp tol Inhalers— Cures ca-
tarrh. colds in
ijlnv»m*»o/~«««f -' -^32 ache, neuralgia,
™ £L~^ etc.; a 25c arti-
cle that we sell regularly for 15c;
special to-day " 8c
Nail Brushes— Polished bone har.-
dle. fine quality, hand-drawn bristle
stock; regularly 20c; special tc-day. 11c
Curtain Net— 2oo yards only of
36-inch Sash Net, heavy linen effect, for
half curtains, regularly 12* c a yard;
special to-day to close..". Qo
Knitting Cotton-400 balls be?t
quality "Dorcas" Knitting Cotton, as-
sorted numbers; on special sale to-day,
per ball. J o
Xl Dress Shields — 200
o~*, \ pairs of good Stockinet
!*«* ) Dres3 Shields, size 2: special
\^ k - 3?) saie price, per pair 5c
jg|^ Bargain Friday Sato
?OS&h Banqu 2 1
vgy Lamps.
*£* Handsome Bra 33 Banquet
jfl Lamp with porcelain trlobe.
pink or blue tinted with flower
decoration, center draft 60
candle power burner, regularly
al 52.33 each; special price to-
dry, to close out the 40 on
hand ...5/.4S
Donahue Fountain
Resign Is Accepted
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
Bargain Friday Hat Sate.
Two days, Friday and Saturday —
a choice of our entire line of Men's
" $2. 35 Derby Hats at one-quar-
ter off. Regular $3 quality;
styles and colorings are correct
N ' for this season of the year — spe-
cial price. $1.77
A urday, he
T^sT^T round we
\ jIJ cut sing
vVj{ sack sty]
/S^llS\ a nd lined
He
5ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO SUCH CONFESSION— Z. E. W.,
Kiantone, N. Y. No one has ever ap
peared and confessed that he was the one
guilty of the murders for which Theodore
Durrant suffered the penalty of death.
VALENTINE'S DAY— M. L. P., City.
The custom of sending anonymous mis
sives of love on St. Valentine's day Is one
that Is followed by Individuals according
to taste, and it is observed more or less
In all parts of the United States.
ONE OUT OF FIVE— B. M. W.. Upton,
Cal. There is no premium on a 10-cent
piece of 1830, 5-cent piece of 1835. copper
penny of 1371 nor on a copper nickel 3
cent piece of 1871. There te a premium of
from 14 to 34 cents on a silver 8-cent piece
of 1871.
MOHAVE— M. D.. City. You and your
friend have been disputing over a matter
ADVERTISEMENTS.
has taught us how to make the
• best Emulsion in the world;
Experience has proved that
this Emulsion is worthy ot
entire confidence. There
are many imitations of
and all kinds of substitutes for it ;
but none equal it. If your doctor
recommends you to take Cod-Liver
Oil, or you know yourself that you
need it>get SCOTT'S EMULSION ;
it is the best Cod-Liver Oil in the
best form.
If we bad voar address we would send
you a sample and a pamphlet telling
more about it.
joe. and t too, all druggists,
SCOTT & UOVVNE. 415 PearfSt.. N»w Vert.
James C. Maclnnes' resig-
nation from the ministry has
created a stir; not so much the
mere fact that he has seen fit
to give up his calling, but
more on account of his reasons
for so doing. Read his own
signed statement of the mat-
ter in next Sunday's Call.
HOTEL DEL COROXADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6O by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel: longer stay. 13 00 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
MOUSE COLORED VELVET DRESS
The costume represented Is of bright
mouse colored velvet. The corsage opens
over a white velvet front, embroidered
with silk and steel. The lapels are edpod
with sable, and bands of the same fur de
scend to the bottom of the corsage and
down the skirt. The lapels at the bottom
of the skirt open over a skirt of the same
materials and style as the corsage front.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orjpheum— VauSeviile.
California — "In Paradise."
Columbia — "A Winter's Tale."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Grand Opera-house— "Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
AJfcair.bra — "At Gay Coney Island."
Alcazar— "Liord Chumley."
Chutes, Z*o and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•l-enlng.
Olympla. corner Mason and Ellis streets— £»recialties.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Sonc Recital to-morrow afternoon.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
There is a touch of grim humor in the opposing
conclusions of the majority and minority members of
the committee which investigated the claims of Con
gressman for a seat. The minority wants to
give his- seat and then kick him out. The majority
insists that he shall not be allowed in the House at
all. It appears to present a choice of two evils.
FRIDAY JANUARY 26, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
•t'BLICATION OFFICE. .Market and Third. ». F.
Telephone .Main ISOS.
EDITORIAL. R00M5.... 217 to 221 Steven«on St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cento Per WeeU.
Uncle Coplen. S Cent*.
Trrm« b<r .Mall. Including: Poatairei
DAILY CALL, llnelndlnjc Snnday). one yc»r..»n.OO
DAILY CALL (Including *>nn«ln.v>. « month*. . 3.<><>
DAILY CALL (Including Mindnyl, 3 months.. 1 .."»<>
DAILY CALL — Dy Single Month «."»<•
tINDAY CALL One Year ».•'•<»
WEEKLY CALL One Year !-<*>
All postmaster* are anthorlzed to receive
¦nbnerlptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
OAKUM) OFFICE DOS Broadway
C. GEORGE KUOCXESS.
Slanacer Foreign Advertlalncr. Marqnette Itnlld
- In?, Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPOXDEXTi
C. C CAIILTOS Herald Sanare
SEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PEUBT 1.1 K OS JR 21* Tribune llalldtnjt
CIIICAGO NEWS STANDS t
Sherman Houses P. O. Sewi CO.l Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont Uonset Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS 1
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31 Union
£g.nare; .Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON CD. C.» OFFICE. . Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open nnlll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hares,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 63!> McAllister, open
until &:30 o'clock. 015 Lurkin. open until
f>:3O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10
o'clock. 22t>i Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open nntll O
o'clock. I(M> Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
in which both of you are right. It is
proper to write Mohave ami to write
Moiave. The ordinary run of people uso
Mohave, the postal authorities use Mo
jave. You may write it either way. and
you will be right^
SOUTHAMPTON-NEW YORK— A. FT.
C. City. Tho fastest time on record be
tween Southampton and New York is by
Der Kaiser Wilhelm tier Grosse of the
North German line. March .TO to April 3.
180S, 5 days and 20 hours. The next best
record is by the St. Paul of the American
line, August 8-14, IMNJ, 6 days 0 hours and
31 minutes.
THE AUTHOR WANTED— D. M..
Santa Rosa, Cal. Thfs correspondent
wishes to know who wrote the following
lines. Can any reader of this department
furnish his name? *';'¦-.
Thou croat maneater. unheard of epicure.
Without a fellow, whose every day Is carnival.
The veriest Rluttons do not always cram.
Some intervals of abstinence are sought
To whet the appetite, thou askest none.
USELESS WORRY— W. 8.. City. There
Is no way that you can stop publishers
in different parts of the States from
sending you sample copies of their re
spective Dublications. It is useless for
you to worry about the matter. If you
receive a sample copy, that floes not bind
you to taking the paper. If the sending is
continued refuse the paper from the mail
carrier and send notice to the publisher
that you do not want his publications.
That will relieve you of responsibility.
our constitution and the functions and responsibili
ties of what is grandly termed "a world power."
Our prosperity, heretofore the most remarkable in
history, has been properly ascribed to the constitu
tional equality of our system of government. Decid
ing upon the American policy of protection and ap-v
plying to it the constitutional injunction upon Con
gress to "provide for the general welfare," we have
sheltered under its brooding wing the interests of
labor and capital alike. Have these interests now
reached the parting of the ways? Will we by extend
ing the principle of protection to tropical labor de
stroy the advantage it has heretofore so richly be
stowed upon American labor, but at the same time
gild commerce and capital more richly by giving
them the double advantage of protection and cheap
labor?
These are the difficult questions which porten
tously emerge from the Spanish war. All of the is
sues impinged upon it, which affect the materialities
of our people, must be regarded as domestic ques
tions. Unfortunately, up to this time the mind of the
country has been engrossed by what may be called
the sentimental politics presented by conquest
abroad. One side has considered the interests of the
conquered in the light of their inherent right to self
government. The other, equally conscientious, has
devoted itself to developing our duty to educate and
enlighten and raise up a people declared to be at pres
ent unqualified for even a small voice in their own
government. This contention has not prepared us for
present consideration of the commercial and indus
trial problems, which have sole and serious effect en
tirely upon our own people.
Our industries stand in battle array against the re
ciprocity treaties. They measure fairly the damage
those conventions threaten to American labor and
production. That damage has its radix in the cheap
labor of the tropics. The further issue is, will we
multiply the harm by adding to the small amount
of such labor in Jamaica the millions of tropical
toilers in our awn islands?
NOT TIMBER LAND.
Suit for the Cancellation of an Al-
leged Fraudulent Land Patent.
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning yesterday filed a suit in equity In
the United States Circuit Court to cancel
Governor Gage's sixteen reasons for calling an
extra session seem to be summed up in the first. "To
elect a United States Senator." He is like the impe
cunious individual that had a dozen reasons why he
didn't take a trip to Europe, his first being that he
didn't have the price.
Two Insolvents.
J. M. Dickson of Ferndale. Humboldt
County, filed a petition in insolvency yps-
terday in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are $4004 92. and he
has no assets.
J. D. Stuart, a farmer of Eugen«, Stan-
islaus County, also filed a petition with,
liabilities of $U.SS3 11 and JCSI6 assets.
FEARFUL OF ESOLA.
Alameda Argus. January 23. 1900.
The election of a Chief of Police will
probably take place in San Francisco to
night. We predict that the man elected
will be Lawrence's Esola and then may
the Lord have mercy on everybody in
that great city who Is Innocent.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa Fte Route.
Connecting train leaves S p. m.. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket office. 62S Market street.
The Governor probably thinks that the character
of the raid which he has authorized upon the treasury
will be masked behind a cloud of words, but in every
clumsy line of the extra session proclamation he that
runs may read the story of the Mexican's preposter
ous ambition.
Count de Castellane indignantly denies that he is
a gambler. It seems strange that any one should sus
pect him of being a gambler. He is one of tjipse in
teresting gentlemen who illustrate the difference be
tween a good fellow and a good thing.
Japan appears to be in the position of the bad boy
looking for a fight. She wants now, so the dis
patches indicate, to lock horns with Russia. The
Mikado evidently wants to dispose of some of his out-
California shippers may now route their goods as
they see fit. C. P. Huntington very kindly gave his
consent the moment the Interstate Commerce Com
mission pointed out a Supreme Court ruling to that
effect.
Those who are directing military affairs in South
Africa have decided to provide British soldiers with
breastplates. Recent events in the Transvaal ought
to suggest the propriety of supplying backplates as
well.
The San Jose society man who has been arrested for
forgery seems to have mistaken the application of the
suggestion of his associates to cut a figure. He ap
pears to have cut the wrong figure.
. The people of California have to pay dearly for the
luxury of having Dan Burns among them.** It might
be cheaper to award him a pension and send him
somewhere else.
If the comments of the dramatic critics be just the
society for the suppression of vulgarity might find a
rich field for activity in one of our local theaters.
the patent Issued on May 16, IS9S, to Ed
ward A. Duehow for 160 acres of mineral
land lying between Columbia and Sonora,
in Tuolumne County. The allegation is
made in the complaint that Edward A.
Duchow obtained the patent by falseiy
representing the land to be valuable for
stone and timber only, when, in fact, it
was not valuable for timber at all. and
was valuable only for minerals, a fact
which Duchow knew at the time he made
tho affidavit.
It is alleged further that Duchow sold
the tract to his nephew. Arthur D. Du
chow, and that he rented ten acres to be
worked as a Kold mine.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wl<le-vestibu!e<J Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fa Route. KxpertencJ
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengere.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Uoston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 628 Market street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup*'
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething WtUl
perfect success. It soothes the child, softena
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by drucKists In every
part of the world. He sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
THE OPEN DOOR.
OUR commercial policy in the Spanish islands
is approaching a crisis. We have just acted
for and with England in demanding of con
tinental Europe the guarantee of the open door in
China. This has been acceded to, and the commer
cial nations thereby agree to stand equally in the trade
of that empire. The issue is, shall they also stand
with us, equal in access to the trade expected in our
own tropical possessions? That is the English pol
icy. Wherever she is there is equal access to the
market. If we ordain free trade between ourselves
and our Spanish islands, will we concede the same
open door to the nations which we have by mild
duress forced them to concede in China?
If we maintain a tariff barrier between us and our
Spanish islands, will we. put the other nations on
an equality with us in that respect?
It is obvious that the hope of those imperialists
who have what Senator Wolcott calls "a sordid mo
tive" has been that the constitutional provision de
manding an equality of tariff rates throughout the
United States would be extended to these islands.
Such extension would establish free trade between
them and us, but would exclude the other nations to
the extent to which our protective tariff works such
exclusion. This would give to our capital and com
merce an exclusive and profitable advantage. It
would give us a monopoly as factors of the, island
products, and cutting them off from free exchange
with the rest of the world, would confine them to our
market in which to seek the supply of their necessi
ties for which they must resort to outside sources.
This advantage to our capital and commerce, how
ever, is countervailed by island competition with our
continental production, which employs millions of
American laborers at the continental scale of wages,
who must compete, therefore, with tropical labor at a
wage scale which cannot be evened with ours except
by reduction in the American wage scale and a retro
gression in the American standards of life.
Porto Rico makes the first demand for extension to'
her of our tariff, and therefore for free access to our
markets and for competition between her labor and
ours. This precipitates the combat between finan
cial and commercial interests and the' American la
borer and his wage scale. The reports indicate that
this contention is approaching its acute stage at
Washington.
Meantime all Europe is looking on, aware that the
Porto Rican settlement will be a precedent for the
Philippines. The nations that have surrendered to
our demand for an open door in the East are wait
ing to see if we will keep our own door in the same
region closed.
Our own people are also waiting to see if we will
try a variant and opportunist policy, which will pre
sent a closed door in the Western Hemisphere and
an open door in the Eastern Hemisphere.
The situation suggests an incompatibility between
Marshal Shine on a Hission.
United States Marrhal Shine left for
Redding yesterday to bring down Joe
Nicholal. alias Joe Roulf, arrested for
passing counterfeit coin.
It seems unkind that Mayor Phelan has no power
to create a bureau for the adjustment, modification
and explanation of ante-election promises. His
Honor seems to have more need for such a body than
for anything else at present.
Five hundred pyrography outfits now In
stock, $3. $6 and $9 each. Skins, leather
and wooden articles for burninE: and de-
signs to work from. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsend's. #
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses an£ public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mj;:-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25. — Henry Bowerin?
of San Francisco is at the Savoy. Geo:\?>
Bonner of San Francisco Is at the Man
hattan. Mrs. C. Erskine and daughter cf
San Francisco are at the Empire.
EXPERTS DIFFER
IF the United States Senate ever contained two ex
perts in expediency and non-experts in principles
they are pre-eminently Tillman of South Caro
lina and Allen of Nebraska. Since Tillman en
tered the Senate with a pitchfork to exterminate- an
administration of his own party, and Allen appeared
bearing the commission of the Nebraska Populists,
they have hunted in couples. Their prey was not the
political aniseed bag, with which amateur pursuers of
the elusive fox amuse themselves. It was any and
every thinsr in the country that showed signs of thrift
and prosperity. The banks, insurance companies,
railroads, telegraphs, manufacturers, all and singular,
that seemed to be keeping out of bankruptcy offended
these two Senators, and they sleeplessly nagged at
them all, as if thrift were high treason and it was a
misdeameanor to be solvent and a felony to be out
side the poorhcrtise or jail.
Allen acquired a great physical reputation by
speaking for sixteen consecutive hours against the re
peal of the alleged Sherman silver bill in 1893, and
that performance, although in the presence of an
empty Senate ar.d applauded only by snores that
chorused from the cloakrooms, where the Senators
slept uneasily in their togas, planted the seeds of
green-eyed jealousy in the breasts of his Populistic
colleagues. It is known that some of them sent to
their constituents an accurate time schedule of the
speeches they made in the same session and on the
same subject, and claimed the right to join them all
together like links of sausage and consider them as
one speech, exceeding in longitude that of Senator
Allen. As far as material goes there was not lacking
a certain resemblance between the substance of these
speeches and that in which the substance of sausage
is inclosed for the market, so that the claim had a
certain merit. But still the palm remained with Allen,
and on his return to the Senate his reception has
not been cordial. His motions grow stale waiting for
a second from his side of the chamber, and in many
ways he is made to feel that he took an advantage
when he risked his lungs in that sixteen-hour speech
in 1893.
Recently he determined to do something that would
bring his Populist colleagues to his side, and so he
tilted his lance and rode headlong at trusts. Don
Quixote charging the windmills, or laying about him
at the flock of sheep, and wearing the barber's basin
for the helmet of Mambrino, never was more knightly
or errant than the Nebraska Senator. He saw trusts
on the face of the moon, and his caterwaul rose higher
than the bald pate of the bronze eagle that roosts on
the head of the Goddess of Liberty, who stands clothed
in verdigris and virtue on the Capitol dome. At the
end of his purely muscular exertions the Nebraska
Senator found himself antagonized by Tillman of
South Carolina, whom he immediately and hotly ac
cused of being a tool of the trusts. Tillman retorted
that Allen was a dog chasing a "hant." This
knocked Allen out as completely as Curran knocked
out the fishwoman by calling her an isosceles triangle.
He didn't know what a "hant" was, and by the time
he had consulted a South Carolina negro, wise in
the plantation idiom, and found that it is a ghost,
the occasion for getting back at Tillman had passed.
We fear these experts in misery and calamity hav
reached the parting of the ways. If Tillman says that
the trusts are merely "hants" and those who pursue
them are only like ghost-chasing dogs, we are un
able to see how they can ever get together again.
Castor snd Pollux have quarreled. Each must here
after play a calamity solo. That duet of misery, in
honor of insolvency, pestilence, famine and every
thing tj-phoid and bubonic, has been sung for the last
time.
Allen has paid the penalty of his staying qualities,
the Senate is avenged for the speech of '93, and a
solemn warning is issued to Senators who propose
oratory on the vaudeville plan of one continuous and
uninterrupted performance.
AUCTION SALES.
By Turkish nuc Co. — This fiay. at 11 a. ra. and 2 p. m.,
Turkish Rugs, st 143 Stocktcn street.
BRYAN'S LAST BATTLE.
WHEN Mr. Bryan pulled himself out of the
wreck of 1896 he gave his voice a vacation
while he wrote a book, called "The First Bat
tle." Its sale was limited td the orders taken before
its publication. As a political romance it was far be
low Coin Harvey's fiction. As a certificate to the
ability of its author it was even like unto that fur
nished by the works of the "Sweet Singer of Michi
gan" and "The Bard of Shanty Hill."
• Colonel Bryan is now girding him for his last
battle. He is seeking some issue of expediency
which will act as a buttress to free silver and opposi
tion to our judicial system. He has declined to the
plane and place of a pretender to the Presidency.
Europe has been full of pretenders to thrones since
the English chair of state was pulled from under
James II by the convention of 16S8. Colonel Bryan
is the Don Carlos of American politics, and is pre
paring for a final struggle. It is impossible to find
amongst his nominal supporters, in Congress and out,
one who, when he sincerely utters himself, has the
least hope that Colonel Bryan can be elected. The
conviction is practically unanimous that his defeat
will be more overwhelming, his rejection more pro
nounced, than in 1896. Indeed it may be said with
perfect confidence that a large percentage of his
nominal supporters not only believe he will be de
feated, but hope he will be, and so wishing will con
tribute only a perfunctory support to his claims.
The Democracy faces the future unflushed by hope
of success. Its calmness is of despair, not of cour
age. It is like the patient ox depleted of strength by
the suction of a parasite he cannot shake off. His
hope is to outlive it, that the worm burrowed in his
back may die first.
As the Democrats in Congress have been de
bauched by Colonel Bryan until they have no prin
ciples to contend for, and as they dare not speak
freely their minds about their Mokanna, they are
driven to a policy of mere nagging of the Republican
majority. But even that fails to enliven the situation.
When a man is ill and begins to pick at the quilt with
his fingers all know that it means the end is near.
So the nagging of the Democracy in Congress and
in the country is recognized as mere picking at the
quilt on its deathbed, and rouses no sentiment ex
cept a curious pity.
Considering the Southern electoral votes as the
mere reflection of a local necessity and sectional preju
dice, and looking only upon the vote of those States
which are actuated by nationality alone, the re
election of President McKinley will more nearly rep
resent unanimity than any that has occurred since
that "golden age" of the republic, in which Monroe
became President.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. S. Rlx, an attorney of San Jose. Is at
the Lick.
Ex-Judge W. D. Crlchton of Fresno la
at the Grand.
O. "W. Poweri ot Salt Lako City ts a
guest at the Palace.
F. A. Wise, a mining man of Alaska. H
a guest at the Palace.
W. E. Sharon has come down from Ne
vada and Is at tho Palace.
H. C. Chandler of Los Angeles Is stay-
Ing at tho Occidental.
A. M. Vanderlip, a leading tmslnass man
of Merced, Is a guest at tho Lick.
D. H. Dollar, a well-known rancher of
Usal, Is registered at the Grand. .
E. O. Miller, a wealthy landowner of
Visalla, is a guest at the Palace.
O. McHenry of Merced is at the Occi
dental, accompanied by his daughter.
James F. Peck, an attorney of Merced.
Is among the late arrivals at tho Lick.
Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Robertson ar© regis
tered at the Occidental from Uvermore.
Dr. and" Mrs. D. F. Maltland of Chicago
are registered for a short stay at tho Pal
ace.
State Senator H. V. Morehouso 1» regis
tered at the Lick from his homo In San
Jose.
F. W. Griffen. a wealthy youne mining
man of Oroville. Is a guest at th» Cali
fornia.
C. B. Chaver, president of th« Fresno
Flume and Canal Company, Is a tuest at
tho Grand.
Mr. and Mra. A. "W. Whitmer, prominent
society peoplo of Portland, Or., aro reg
istered at tho Occidental.
Captain V. T. Cattman. U. 8. X., has
returned from Manila, having completed
his term of service on the Asiatic station,
and is at tha Occidental.
Lieutenant James Romyne and Dr. C.
Y. Brownlee. U. S. A., who arrived from
Manila on th© City of Peking, aro reg
istered at tho Occidental.
C. 9. Bradford, a former Journalist of
Honolulu, who has been engaged in busl
nesss in Manila for some time past, is at
the Occidental. He arrived hero on the
City of Peking.
Lieutenant Commander Benjamin Tap
pan. U. S. N.. has returned from Manila
and Is at the Palace. He is on his way
home after having completed his term oi
service on the Asiatic station.
THE RAILROAD IN POLITICS.
rROM the fact that Governor Gage called the
extra session of the Legislature only after a con
ference with W. F. Herrin and J. B. Wright of
the Southern Pacific Railroad it is evident that the
Kentucky corporation has not ceased its efforts to
dominate California politics, and is to-day engaged
with all its forces to elect Daniel M. Burns or some
man of the Burns stripe to the United States Senate.
When the stalwart Republicans of the Legislature
prevented the election of Burns at the regular ses
sion they baffled the railroad for a time, but by fail
ing to elect a worthy man to the Senate they left
open a way for the corporation to renew the contest.
The railroad managers were prompt to take advan
tage of the opening. Hardly had the Legislature ad
journed before the agents of the road were busily a:
work trying to obtain from the legislators pledges
that they would vote for Burns or some other rail
road candidate in case an extra session were called.
How far they have succeeded in procuring such prom
ises is not yet known, but since Herrin and Wright
and Burns have counseled the Governor to call the
extra session it is clear they have some reason for
expecting success.
Other circumstances of the call, however, afford a
reason for believing that while the conspirators ex
pect to attain their ends, they are by no means cer
tain. Were they assured of the votes required to elect
their candidate it would not have been necessary for
them to resort to such a transparent trick as that of
summoning the Legislature to assemble within six
days from the date of the summons and to arrange
for taking a vote on the Senatorial question on the
very next day after the Legislature assembles. The
evident determination to hurry the business through
before the people have time to protest shows that
there is weakness somewhere in the programme and
that to avoid a break the corporation and its allies
have had to resort to the tactics of desperation.
Such, then, is the situation that confronts the Re
publicans of California. By the man whom Repub
licans elected to the office of Governor the Republi
can party has been betrayed to the Kentucky corpora
tion; and two Democrats in the employ of the cor
poration, W. F. Herrin and J. B. Wright, are per
mitted by the Governor to arrange in secret a pro
gramme which Republican legislators are expected 'o
carry out. It is a situation so monstrous in its nature
that no precedent for it can be found in our politics.
Of course the Southern Pacific Company cares
nothing for the good repute of California, nor for the
honor of the representation of the State in the Sen
ate; neither do Herrin and Wright care anything
about the interests of the Republican party in the ap
proaching campaign. As a matter of partisan politics
indeed they would be glad to see it fall into the ditch
they have induced the Governor to dig for it. All
that is clear enough, and, therefore, from the stand
point of the railroad and of its Democratic agents the
conspiracy may be regarded as a very clever piece of
political trickery, but what do the Republicans of the
State think of it? What is the judgment to be pro
nounced upon it by men whose political fortunes and
the maintenar.ee of whose political principles are at
stake upon the issue?
Had the conference between Gage and the railroad
agents remained secret and unknown to the public
the danger of the success of the conspiracy would
have been great. Fortunately, The Call has been
able to expose it in time for the people to organize
for resistance. If that be done promptly and reso
lutely the final victory for genuine Republicanism
cannot be doubtful. The importance of the issue,
however, must not be overlooked. The Republican
party is at last face to face with the Southern Pa
cific Railroad. There is no longer any concealment
or evasion. The Republicans of the Legislature are
now to show forth openly before the whole State,
whether they accept orders from the Democratic
bosses of the railroad or whether they are true rep
resentatives of the people who elected them and trust
in them.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
COMMENT OF THE INTERIOR PRESS
ON THE GAGE-BURNS EXTRA SESSION
Legislators Warned of the Trap Set for Them by the Men Who
Have Conspired to Control the Gathering.
VALLEJO TIMES— This call seems a move in favor of Burns, and
the Governor will discover later that he has made a great political
mistake.
BED BLUFF SENTINEL— The people of California know Burns,
and an overwhelming majority do not desire him as their Senator.
HEALDSBURG TRIBUNE — On those who vote for Burns will rest
the responsibility of disrupting the Republican party in California zor
the time being.
LOS ANGELES TIMES— The legislator who desires to commit
hara-kiri will never have a better opportunity than he will have at 6>ac
ramento next week by casting his ballot for Burns.
DAILY TULARE REGISTER— The man who will cast his vote for
Burns for Senator will be branded by the people, justly and indelibly,
as a traitor to his party and State.
VALLKJO TIMES
Governor Gage In his call for an extra nessloh of the Legislature gives six
teen reasons for so doing. Reason 1 la— Elect a. United States Senator. me
other fifteen reasons are as thin as the thinneat kind of charity soup. It seem »
clearly a move in favor of Colourl Dun Hums, and we believe the Governor win
discover later on that ho has made a great political mistake.
• • •
RED BLITKP SENTINEL
The long-talked-of extra session of the legislature has been called by Gov
ernor Gage to meet at Sacramento next Monday. The first reason given ror
calling It is the election of a United States Senator. The other fifteen reasons
for the call relate to legislation In regard to the San Francisco water front,
the State Board of Public Works, the wide-tlra law, the location of mining
claims, sale of school lands, tho Lunacy Commission, to remove appointees ror
cause and to confirm appointees. It has been frequently stated that the ext f a
session would be called to elect D. M. Burns Senator, and his friends are mm 8 -*"
ing /Ul sorts of claims, just as they did at tho regular (session. As the Sentinel
has frequently stated in the pas.t, the people of California know Burns ana an
overwhelming majority do not desire him as their Senator. We, furthermore, ao
not believe that he will ever secure 61 Republican votes to elect.
• • •
HEALDSBURO TRIBUNE
Governor Gage has called an extra session of the Legislature to convene on
Monday next. The ostensible purpose is to pass or amend a number of acts. Dut
the real object of convening the State body la the election of a United fatatea
Senator. It is pretty well known whom Gage desireß to have the Legislature
<-lect, and the opening of this dictatorial masked battery is not a surprise to the
State. The election of Dan Burns is not desired by the honest Republicans of
California, and to secure sufficient votes to elect him there must be a falling
down of those who so nobly and honestly resisted his election through a battle
of 104 ballots. On the last ballot Burns received but 30 votes, 61 being required
to elect. Is the Governor assured that he has secured that number of votes,
and is he convening the Legislature on a sure thing? We opine not. Nor do
we believe that a sufficient number of votes can be obtained to elect Burns,
and place this State in opposition to the Republican party at the national elec
tion next November. The election of Burns will surely do this thing, and on
those v.ho vote for and. thus secure his election will rest the responsibility of
disrupting the Republican party in California for the time being.
» • •
LOS ANGELES TIMES
The log jam has at last broken and California is In for an extra session of
the Legislature, the Governor of the State having, at . noon yesterday, Issued
a proclamation to that effect, giving sixteen different and distinct reasons why
the taxpayers of the State should be called upon to pay the expenses of a ses
sion of the Legislature for which there is no demand on the part of the people,
and which has for its purpose the election of a notoriously incompetent and un
fit man to the United States Senate to take the place of that distinguished
statesman and honorable man, Stephen M. "White of Los Angeles.
The people of California must now face this calamity with a stout heart,
resolute purpose and unflinching determination to defeat the unholy ambition
of Daniel M. Burns to represent California at the nation's capital.
The Times does not believe that there are enough men In the Legislature of
California so lost to self-respect and so indifferent to public opinion that they
will fall down to the small boss who has forced himself into a candidacy which,
should it prove successful, means a disgrace to the State, a reflection upon the
intelligence of this people, and an affront to every good citizen who is jealous of
his honor and proud of the land in which he makes his home.
Still the Burns gang is rich in expedients and unscrupulous to no end, there
fore if the nefarious purpose for which an extra session of the Legislature has
been called Is to be defeated there must be an immediate consolidation of the
forces In opposition to Burns, looking to the election of a candidate who poss
esses the elements of statesmanship, and who has the confidence of his fellow
citizens. It is clearly apparent that an attempt has been made to take snap
judgment by calling the Legislature to convene next Monday at noon, with the
hope that the Burns opposition will be unable to mobilize their forces and destroy
that individual's chances of election. The conspirators are as likely to be mistaken
In this as they were mistaken last winter when they asserted, day after day,
that Dan Burns would surely be elected.
Every. member of the Legislature understands that a vote for this notorious
candidate means political damnation to the man who casts that vote. The leg
islator who desires to commit hara-kiri will never find a better opportunity than
he will have at Sacramento next week by casting his ballot for a man who Is
unfit .to hold even the smallest office within the gift of the sovereign people.
That man is Daniel M. Burns.
It Is the duty o fthe decent and honest members of the Legislature to get to
gether and agree upon a candidate and to stay with him, even though this extra
session should last until the crack of doom. California must not be disgraced!
• • •
TULARE DAILY REGISTER
Th© Register will not attempt to predict whether or not the extraordinary
session of the Legislature called by Governor Gage will prove a fiasco and the
serious undoing of the Republican party. There is but one irreparable mistake
that it can make and that is to elect Dan Burns to the United States Senate. All
else will be forgiven it co that be not done. The test is simple and crucial.
The people of the State are in dead earnest. It is likely also that Burns and his
touts are in dead earnest, too, ami will leave no stone unturned to secure the
election of the head of the San Francisco push to the Senate of the United
States. Dan is not a man to let go until he is forced to let go.
"\\'e will not say that the election of Burns will cost the Republican party the
State of California in the next election, but we will say that the hazard will be
great and needless and that whatever befalls Burns or his party no man who
supports Burns will have a political future. A caucus should not be consented
to nor participated in unless it is previously determined that such caucus can
not be controlled In Burns" interest. The risk is great. The people "are
watching with an intensity of interest that has not characterized them for many
years and if they aro betrayed into the hands of the one man who, of all men
in the State of California, represents in the public mind the embodiment of all
that Is most objectionable in the political life of the State, those who be
tray them will not live to outlive the odium that will be heaped upon them.
Extenuations and apologies are and will be in vain. The people know that
Dan Burns owes his political eminence to being at the head of the San Francisco
push, that he is and essays to be the boss of the Republican party of the State
of California, and the idea of electing such a man to represent California in the
Senate of the United States is obnoxious to every honest-hearted man and woman
in the State, whether Republican, Democrat of what not. This is no time to
mince words or to have patience with those who confuse the issue. The man
who will cast his vote for Dan M. Burns for United States Senator will be
branded by the people. Justly and indelibly, as a traitor to his party and his State
and an enemy to clean politics and to a self-respecting constituency and good
government.
6CONCERTS AND BESOE.TS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.LTiSS" 1
Th* Gn-at FHATUCEV-JEFF-nrnS Fight Tlc-
tur-s, |a «v jr j unr ,ion With a <;rrat
1 .¦..¦; ]'-vlUo Pbnv.-
TO-MOJJRCW rfiATCnDAT) XIGHT,
ORAXD PBIZE
GAKEWALKING CONTEST !
fhone for Bt^ls rARK J3
£vis:t DR. JORDAN'S great j
Museum of anatomy?
\ **7^ The Largest Anatomic*] Museum in the \
0M j* i.fl»-^ W o^id. « eAkncfiCS or any contracted gt
jfcS 2|3 disnte (wmlti««-l7rKrndhy the oldeit T
o*^*3l 0 *'"' 11 - Ihc Co*u. Hit. 36 year* £
£ fl^gfl CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES tf
\ rVtSM^B Consultation free »nd itti'tlT pri-rjte \
O I jy"JC 1 T " l ' m ? m P"scnaliy t, by Irttrr. A A
TH if tS if r—.tm Curt In erery case undertaken. \
art 11& w ritefir p.-ck. r 111 i,os«»i-n vci A
f' jl II 1 * MARRIAGE. MAILBD fKEE, (AT
X (J |J, valuable book for mm) \
f OR. JOBDAXACO, 1051 Market St. . 8. F. f
Al SHIP COLUMBIA, CAPACITY 2700
tons. Falling on or about April 10. Ap-
ply Alaska Navigation and Commercial
Co., office with LEWIS. ANDERSON &
CO., 26 East street. LOWEST RATES.
0>fll«; VfiTALfS
/G&k THE NEW
irtD» y . a-a^^ift. <ki©B| CDC M niI
VITALIS 2OthDv **— M DCUERV
PRODI I E!> THE ABO YE 80th D*y. 11 C Hi C II I¦ I
lUSILT-. It<)tiickl)'*iurel)rremove«Nervou>n<»»,Louet, Evil
Drum*, Waiting biteuei k «. 1 efTtcti of >elf-*bus« or excesiei A
indiieretiont. Rettorei Loit fitllity, Power A Filling Memory.
W»r4i off Insanity and Consumption. Cum when all othf r»l»il.
In»i«t on havinn VITALIS, no other. Can be carried in »ett
pocket. By m»i! *1.«O r,.r piekare or six for 45.00 with i
guarantee to t'»r» «r Refund the Boaey. Circular Fre«. Addrear
CAI.t M XT fl.'Ki: CO., 884 Dearborn St., ChSeacc
Sold in San f rancisco acd Oakland by the Owl Drof Co.
f\ ¦pr nnUB I Comer Fourth and
CAFE BO!AL«/.a
VII II U II VI I lIU. tc . Overcoats and
Values checked frt«.
WINTER RESORT. =
SPECIAL ROUND TRIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLES SS§*j£
Mcst noted Mineral Springs In United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism, Blood. Liver,
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. Apply
FRANK VV. ELY. City Agent, 640 Market at.
Mr. James C. Maclnnes, but
a few days ago the Rev.
James C. Maclnnes, has writ
ten a long article for next
Sunday's Call explaining ex
actly why he has resigned
from the ministry. Don't miss
the story! It will be on Page
Four.
RACING! RAONG! RACING!
1900— CALIF0S5IA JOCKET CLUB -1900
January C 2 to February 10. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tue.-day. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or thine.
Five or more rae*>s each day.
i :.!-¦*•» ttart at 2:15 p. m. tharp.
r. rry-ix>a:s leava San Francisco at 12 m. and
[238. X. IH9, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains etopplnz at the entrance to the
t.;-fic. Last two cars en train reserved for la-
titm and their escorts; no Emckinx. Buy your
terry tickets to Knell Mbund. All trains via
OiUUar.d mole ccrnect with San Pablo avenue
<:<-<-tric rurs ot Seventh arvl Broadway. Oak-
land. Alfco all train* via Alatneda mole con-
nect with Han Pablo avenue rars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. Thf-fce electric cars
6i <!!reet to the tra< k in fifteen minutes.
V.i turrliifc— Trains l«ave the track at 4:15 anfl
• :<j p. rri. nn<J Immediately after the lant race.
TJ.'OMAP H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
n. R MILROV. Feoretary.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
Matines To Morrow and Sunday.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
r>av!3 Belasco and Henry C. de Mille's Beau-
tiful Character Play.
LORD CHUMLEY !
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
SOL. SMITH RUSSELL'S
Pastoral Drama,
PEACEFUL VALLEY.
KEATS NOW ON SALE.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL,
223 EUTTER ST.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
FAREWCLL PON<i RECITAL cf the Re-
nowned Hcprano,
MLLE. ANTOINETTE TREBELLL
An entirely new profrramme: "Vous Qul Me
Fuy*r," "Helle" tC. I'uvernoy), recitative and
¦cene, fim time in San Francisco; "Ah Lo
t-o" fMacic Flute"), Mozart; "Batti, Uatti"
("Don Giovanni"). Mozart; 'Me Romps I«a
rr.aine" i "L'Amant Jaioux"). 'Jnnry, 1775.
fcr'.a: "Ponts My Moth'-r Taught M>," A.
Dvorak: "on the Line Ho." JL Kjerulf: "O
to Hemerr.br." H. Kjerulf; "Taranf-iie." O.
Bizft; •! A;t»rr.j* From I/ove'e Sickness to
i •¦;>•." H. Purc;ll, Seventeenth Cpntury: "Chas-
•¦ ts 1»• NN v ik I'laieii-?." J. P. lUmeati, 1751;
¦ < % >u&! Farlallctta Amar.te." D. Scarlatti, 1653-
lTf>7; "Chanson o> la Promise," L. Clapisson.
Mr. P-oiK-ri Ciarenf-e Newell, accompanist.
Reserv-d seat* ii ",0 end ft, at. Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Music Store.
eSillillllgSi D TT n ill TT t) 1?
figlg^nuriUiiij
$-%&r f'TTTJFTI
\J^ uUIUjIIi
WHEN we cay "RUPTURE CURED" we
mean it, for It is a fact that thousands of cures
have been accomplished by Dr. Pierce'a World-
renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS (luring the past
twenty-five years. There Is nothing else like It
on earth ! It does the work! Have received so
many letters and testimonials that we hardly
know what to do with them all. If ruptured in-
vestigate at once. Our prices are reasonable,
but not cheap. We make no discounts. "Dr.
Pierce*" Is THE truss, and you cannot b»
happy till you get It.
You can get our "BOOKLET No. 1" for noth-
ing by calling at the office, or it will be sent to
you on receipt of a 2-cent stamp. It tells all
about this TRUES. Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
€20 Market etreet BAN FRANCISCO.
&8 Tribune building. NEW YORK.
:: Palace and \
:: Grand Hotels ;
' ' Fcr nearly a Quarter of a century tha ' '
• • leadisc hotels on the Pacific Coast. ' '
< > With added improvements and con- ¦ ¦
< • veniences they continue to be th* head- < ¦
4 quarters tor tourists and travelers vis- < .
ltlns Ban Francisco. < ,
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
f Manaeer. ?
HENRY CLAY
manifested itself In the little backwoods
town of Lexington, and Clay's practice
grew apace.
The brilliant young lawyer was very
naturally attracted to a political career,
and his talents Joined to a winning per
sonality gave him easy entrance to the
political field. In 1803 he was elected a
member of the Kentucky State Legisla
ture, and three years later he took his
seat in the United States Senate to fill
an unexpired terra. He was the youngest
man who ever gained admittance to that
body, which by general custom has al
ways been what the origin of its name
implies, the assembly of the elder 3. In
deed, Clay lacked three months of the
constitutional minimum of thirty years.
At the end of his first Senatorial term
he was returned to the Kentucky Legis
lature, and in ISO 9 he was again sent to
the United States Senate to fill an unex
pired term. Meantime he was acquiring
increasing influence in the national coun
cils, although his opportunity for great
distinction had not yet come.
In ISII he became a member of the nn
tional House of Representatives and was
immediately made Speaker. The tranrfcr
from the Senate to the House may sesm
a step backward, but the ardent young
statesman found the larger body in closer
touch with the people, a field more conge
nial as well as influential.
The War of 1812.
When he entered the House our rela
tions with England were assuming criti
cal form. Napoleon and England had
been at war for several years, and the
restrictions which the European belliger
ents had placed upon commerce with
neutral nations had destroyed a consider
able part of our trade. Our feeble at
tempts at retaliation in the non-importa
tion act of 1806 and the embargo of 1807
had failed. Meantime England was vig
orously asserting the "right of search'
and had impressed into her service sev
eral thousand sailors from our ships.
Americans were exasperated and ready
for extreme measures. Henry Clay raised
his eloquent voice in vehement denuncia
tion of English oppression, and in a se
ries of ringing speeches he demanded de
fense of American honor through aggres
sive war. President Madison hesitated
long but the influence of Clay and his
party carried the day and war was de
clared In 1812.
The Missouri Compromise.
When he next took the center of the
political stage he made his first appear
ance in the role for which he is chiefly
distinguished in American history— that
of the "great pacificator." In 1818 Mis
souri applied for admission as a State,
and for the first time there was distinct
alignment of North against South over
the slavery issue. At that time only a
few enthusiasts dreamed of interference
with slavery in the States where it was
already established, but an influential
party in the free North was determined
that the new territory should not be pol
luted A proposal that Missouri be ad
mitted on condition that no slavery exist
within her borders precipitated the "irre
pressible conflict." It raged fiercely until
Clay the statesman of compromise, lent
his powerful influence to the proposal of
a Senator from Illinois that Missouri be
admitted without restriction as to slav
ery but that in all the rest of the terri
tory west of the Mississippi known as the
Louisiana purchase slavery be forever
prohibited north of the parallel 36 degrees
30 minutes, this being the southern boun
dary of Missouri. The Missouri compro
mise of IS2O is the first of three notable
compromises between North and South
which stand to the credit ol the "great
pacificator."
Clay and . Jackson.
Soon after this Clay entered upon the
heartbreaking race for the Presidency
which was to last for nearly a generation.
The election of 1824 gave Jackson 93 votes.
John Quincy Adams 84, Crawford 41 and
Clay 37 As no candidate had received
a majority, the election devolved upon
the House of Representatives, but as the
choice was confined to the three highest
on the list Clay was out of the contest.
Now aroee a curious situation. Clay was
supreme in the House, and although he
could not procure his own election, the
defeated candidate held the glittering
prize he himself coveted at his absoluto
disposal so far as his three rivals were
concerned. As President-maker he
ignored Jackson, who had received the
largest electoral vote, and chose John
Quincy Adams. Adams made Clay Secre
tary of State.
That good hater, Andrew Jackson, now
turned the full curent of his hate upon
the man who had denied him the Presi
dency, and raised the cry of "bargain and
corruption" over the appointment of
Clay to the Secretaryship of State. In
the bitter personal fight that followed the
partisans of both leaders descended to
depths of political depravity that had
never before been sounded in American
political life. The feud between Jackson
and Clay ended only with death, and the
personal strife had great influence In
molding political results.
The Tariff Compromise of 1833.
The protective tariff was now threaten-
CHILEANS AT OUTS.
Ex-Secretary of the Consulate Is
Charged With Obtaining Money
by False Pretenses.*
Hlpollto P. Cadot. formerly secretary
in the office of the Chilean Consul, was ar
rested on a warrant yesterday afternoon
charging him with obtaining money by
false pretenses. The complaining witness
Is Juan Astorga Perelra, Chilean Consul,
and the particular charge Is that Cadot
obtained JSS from Sussman, Wormser &
Co., as excessive fees on Invoices. It Is
claimed that the total amount will be
considerable.
Cadot says that his arrest is the result
of a threat made by the Consul to ruin him
because he refused to remain in the office.
He was in the office of the old Consul
and three months ago, when Pereira was
appointed, Cadot agreed to remain on the
understanding that his salary would be
raised. He left January 1 and was per
suaded to return. He remained for a
week, but as there was no appearance of
a raise he quit altogether. He makes a
number of charges against Perelra of
charging and pocketing excessive fees on
invoices. He admits that J5 overcharge
was made against W. R. Grace & Co. for
extra work done by him, of which Pere
ira retained half.
My Suits Will
Stand Inspection.
The garments I | T*T e S;'S < &* V: fs©
make will stand "•¦'•?" i r'tra-'>3 '"*
the closest lnspec- " ' ::-\^^/^S%
Flnt - class lln- I v^3
thread- work In all |SrM| / A^>
Notice the %llr^3^f
Reduction Has \\ a^
in Prices I
For a thort tlm» f //if)/ JtA \V^
only. \JAj V *»rtflO
Sack Putts 1/T\ 1 1 t\l l>
$ 1 5.R0. If/) Vl \Pl^
Frock Suits I f^irk^^^ruv
Prln f2s. lbm J
Overcoats
Pants 1110-1112 Market Bt.
$4.50. Wl-203 Montgomery Bt.
|
I
:
i
I
I
AGAIN THe|aRE
RECORDS (BROKEN!
"IN PARADISE"
THE GREATEST SUCCESS EVER AT-
TAINED BT THE
fR/WA/LEV COMPANY.
Owls* to the Ir.mfnw Busin^es thl« Excru-
cl«.ttnc!y Funny Fare Comedy Will
Be Continued Thi« and
ALL NEXT WEEK.
Efeats now en sale for all ppr^rmanc* 8 -
In Preparation. "THE CUCKOO."
BEST EHOW IN TEARS.
PAPINTA, the Mirror Dancer.
JAMES 0. BARROWS,
AMiFted by JOHN A, LANCASTER & CO..
In •¦TACTICS." "Best Legitimate Com-
edy Ever on the Orpheum Stage."
EDNA BJLSSETT MARSHALL & CO. In "Sua-
fh:-p and Sorrow," a Musical Novelty.
JOSEPH NEWMAN, the S!n«lnK Son* Writer,
and a He« of Others. All Big Hits.
Reserved Peats, Csc; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chair* arid Box Feats, EOc.
Mat'r.ets— Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"HOOT MON, IT'S NO FAIRY TALE!"
THE GREATEST SENSATION IN TEARS!'.
THE ENORMOUS COMIC OPERA TRIUMPH.
THE IDOL'S EYE.
EVERY EVENING. EVERY EVENING.
MATINEE SATURDAY!
POPULAR PRICES 15 and 60 cenU
TELEPHONE BUSH ».
|THB fEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
SATURDAY NIGHT LAST PERFORMANCE.
THE EVER POPULAR
FKT G/W
CONEY
ISLAND.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evenlaff, 15c, 25c, SSe, 50= and Tic Matinee. 15c,
"sc, 23c and EOc.
Next Eualaj Afternoon a New and Original
Far<~e Comedy.
HIS BETXER HALF*.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
STUDY OF HENRY CLAY-BY DR. F. W. SPEIRS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
GREAT AMERICAN STATESMENi
Contributors to this course: Professor Albert Bushnell Hart, Professor John Fach lie-
Master. Professor Charles 1 H. Smith, Dr. Frederic W. Spelrs. Professor Andrew C. Mc-
Laughlln and others.
XV. HENBY CI*AY.
BY FREDERIC W. SPEIRS, PH. D.
An adequate biography of Henry Clay
would require as its background a com
plete sketch of the political history of our
country during the first half of this cen
tury. As Speaker of the House of Repre
sentatives, as foreign envoy, as Secretary
of State, as Senator and as perennial can
didate for the Presidency the statesman
from Kentucky was a factor of command
ing importance In every political struggle
from the administration of Madison to
the election of Buchanan.
Early Career.
Henry Clay was born in 1777 In Virginia.
He received scant education, but he made
excellent use of his limited opportunities
and presently found an open road to the
study of law. At 21 he decided to try his
fortune in the frontier country of Ken
tucky, so In 1797 he became the adopted
son of the State which he was destined
to represent In CongreßS so long and so
ably. The remarkable power of oratory
which was later to sway a nation soon
Clay's Statesmanship.
The end came soon after the last great
triumph of his favorite policy of com
promise. In June, ISo2, Henry Clay died.
Few public men have been more sincerely
mourned. He had enemies In abundance,
but even they recognized the great ser
vices of the veteran statesman. His long
public life had revealed some inconsisten
cies and some concessions to personal am-
Mtlons. but on the whole his career ex
hibits a singularly pure devotion to high
ideala of broad statesmanship.
He was not a great constitutional law
yer nor a profound political philosopher.
In these respects he was distinctly infe
rior to his great contemporary, W ebster.
But his brilliancy dazzled when his logic
did not convince. The matchless charm
and the moving power of his oratory
swayed Congress and the people as they
have rarely been swayed c>y any public
man. The never failing courtesy of his
manner and his skill in handling men
made him the greatest political leader
of his day. and Henry Clay is sure of
an honorable place In history among th*
very greatest of American statesmen.
ing to cause serious conflict between
North and South. In 1824 Clay had ap
peared as the champion of a high pro
tective tariff. In a series of speeches
more remarkable for their eloquence than
their logic he had urged the merits of tha
"American system." as he christened it.
In 1828 a still higher schedule of duties
was imposed, and then the agricultural
South began to get very restive under a
system which the Southerners felt was
benefiting the manufacturing North at
their expense. When the tariff bill of 1532
was passed South Carolina, under the
lead of Calhoun. made her famous nulli
fication ordinance, declaring that the
tariff act was null and void within tha
boundaries of South Carolina, thus assert
ing the doctrine of State sovereignty and
threatening secession. The specter of
disunion loomed large, and the country
was In great agitation when, in 1<33, the
statesman of compromise brought for
ward a tariff bill proposing a gradual re
duction of duties during a period of ten
year, so that by 1842 the tariff on dutiabla
goods would reach a uniform level of 20
per cent. The adoption of the tariff com
promise of 1533 soothed the South, and
Clay had scored his second triumph as the
great pacificator.
The Struggle for the Presidency.
Clay had now entered the Senate arj.l
from that vantage ground he led the
Whiff party In Its
fight against Jack
son and his admir
ers. Meantime he
was enacting the
great tragedy of hi*
political life. hl3
never ceasing, fruit
less attempt to at
tain the Presidency.
In 1524 he had tho
office within his gift
and had given it to
Adams: In IS2S he
had not been a can
didate, hut In 1533 he
received the unan
imous nomination of
j\ the Whig party, only
£fc,N to be overwhelminpT-
Bff!^ ly defeated by Jack-
Ppg£\. son. In 1536 the
V- Whigs were divided
jr isgfc - and dispirited, and
?~ -Jlsx\ went into the- cam-
V paign without mik-
V ing a national norn-
V \ ination. The result
vv~». \ was Van Buren'i
S&Z <fcr-^\ election by a larje
\ • - JTySi »J majority.
\<^*v& In 1840 Clay had a
£^ \ plurality of votes tn
' the Whig nomin
ating convention at
the outset, but by
shrewd political
trickery he w a
turned down In fa
vor of Harrison. The
Whigs won the elec
tion, but their real
leader was not In
the Presidential
chair. We can syin-
pathize with Clay's
comment when he read the news of
Harrison's nomination: "I am the most
unfortunate man in the history of par
ties; always run by my friends when Bure
to be defeated, and now betrayed for a
nomination when I, or any one, would be
sure of an election."
In 1544 and IS4S his words were to re
ceive confirmation. In 1544 he was nom
inated by acclamation aa the Whip can
didate, and he lost the election by the ae
fection of the anti-slavery vote in th*
State of New York. In IS4S he failed to
receive the Whig nomination by a narrow
majority, and for the second and last time
his party won the Presidency. This was
his last fight. When nominations for
1802 were discussed his health was much
impaired and his ambition was deal.
Three times he had been through hard
fought campaigns, only to meet defeat,
and twice he had narrowly missed nom
ination when nomination would have
meant election. He had sacrificed much
for his ambition. In the main he steered
a straight course during his long political
life, but occasionally he veered from con
viction in a manner whlth forces the con
clusion that he was trimming his sail 1 *
to catch a Presidential breeze. He had
nobly declared in the oft-quoted phrase.
"I would rather be right than be Presi
dent," but his conceptions of right w*re
sometimes molded, perhaps unconsciously,
by the exigencies of his candidacy.
The Compromise of 1850.
One great political service remained for
the statesman who was now approach-
Ing the end of his career. The relations
between North and South over the slav
ery issue were under constantly increas
ing strain. When the admission of Cali
fornia and the organization of the new
territory in the Southwest which we had
acquired from Mexico came under discus
sion In Congress the controversy over
slavery became co violent as to portend
disruption. At this crisis Clay, now an
old man In fast failing health, brought
forward his third great compromise meas
ure, and in a two days' speech, which at
tained the highest levels of his wonder
ful oratory, he urged mutual forbearanca
for the sake of union. The well-known
compromise of ISSO, as finally adopted,
provided for the admission of California
as a free State, for the organization of
New Mexico and Utah without slavery
restriction, thf prohibition of the slave
trade In the District of Columbia, and
finally a more effective fugitive slave law.
C.CC. LINENOW OPEN!
Completed and Opened to
the Public.
Greatest mprovement of the Afee— Any
One Can Ride Over It to Health '
and Happiness.
Chicago.— (Special).— The new C. C. C.
line is now open to the public, and at
once gained an enormous patronage on
account of the meritorious service It per-
forms. The line is built on solid merit,
and leads by the straißhtest and shortest
route to Health. Everybody is delighted,
and those who thouKht they would never
reach Health and Happiness again have
found this an easy and sure way or get-
tine there.
Ninety per cent of th» Ills of humanity
are caused by lazy livers, chronic consti-
pation and "their consequences, impure
bloo<l and a poisoninp of the whole f-ys-
tom "What's the use of stumbling along
the roadway, sick and weary, when you
can quickly ride to Health— by taking
<"as-<\irct* "Huy and try Cascarets Canny
Cathartic to-day. You will find that it's
what they do. "not what we say they'll
<io that will please you. Sold by drug-
gists generally— l ft c. 25c or 50c per box. or
by mail for price. Send for booklet and
free sample. Address Sterling Remedy
Co., Chicago; Montreal, Can.; Isew iork.
_ This is the CASCARET tab-
/TTTTS Jet. Every tablet of the only
I I? !T r I genuine Cascarets bears the
I lbii?t> j magic letters "C C C." Look
k A at the tablet before you buy,
Vl ' V and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
Some men cut acquaintances while
scraping them— barbers, for examyl^
... :—: — ¦ .~> — - i ¦»
The Original Little Beneficencia Publica
Co. of San Francisco Drawing
January 25. 1900.
No. 65508 wins $3750: Bold in San Francisco,
Cal. No. 47744 wins $1250; sold In San Fran
cisco, Cal. No. 18393 wins $625; sold In San
Francisco, Cal. Nos. 879, 42532. 52906, 65659 and
74541 each wins $62.50: sold in Alameda. Oak
land. Sacramento and San Francisco. Cal.
Runaway Boy.
Several anxious parents have asked the
assistance of the police to trace their
runaway sons, and yesterday Officers Me-
Murray and Coleman of the Society for
the Protection of Children were instruct
ed to look out for them. The boys are:
Arthur Lee, 17 years of age, who left his
home In Atlanta, Ga., January 14; Earl
Little, 13 years of age. from Seattle.
Wash.; Oscar -Gordon, alias Yon Xoy. IS
years of age, who left his home In Alta,
Tulare County. January 6. and \Vl!#»y
Snyder, 15 years of age. from Porxland.
Or., who was traced to Chico by hi*
mother. The boys are supposed to b« In
this city.
Boland Is Gaining.
Although he picked up for several days,
John Farnham "is- again losing votes in
the recount of the ballots in his confer
for the office of Public Administrator Ten
precincts were counted yesterday ' and
Farnham made a net loss of twelve votes.
Japanese Illegally Landed.
K. Hashegawa, one of three Japanese
stowaways who arrived here on the
steamship China, and held on board for
deportation, escaped from the vessel laet
Monday night, by letting himself down to
the wharf on one of the stern sheets of
the steamer. -..;.:
We stamp your name In gold letters
free of charge on all pocket books and
other leather goods purchased at our
store. Trunks, valises and Mexican
carved leather work a specialty. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
MLLE. TREBELLI'S
POWER TO PLEASE
Mile Trebelli's power to please was
abundantly tested last night at her sec
ond song recital. The audience was not
exactly formidable In size, but filled the
hall quite comfortably and was generous
In its applause.
Mile. Trebelli's power to please may not
be questioned, for she has some of the
most charming qualities that can grace
a concert singer, an agreeable style, a
charming personality, a good natural
voice and considerable art. Yet she 13
far from being great and in some respects
she is absolutely disappointing.
I hesitate to judge the merits of asinger
whom I have heard only in Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Hall, for the poor acoustics
of the place are a serious handicap to
contend against, as I know from having
heard voices fail utterly to please there
that elsewhere were enjoyable. But mak
ing allowances for the hollow mockery
of the human voice that the hall treats
us to there is a hard quality in the mezzo
soprano of Mile. Trebelll that must be
acknowledged by the unprejudiced.
I could find no enjoyment in her declam
atory singing, which is delivered with lit
tle color and In which her tones are fre
auently of inequable pitch. If we dif
ferentiate the attack and the production
in her singing she may be commended for
the first but will be found at fault In the
second, 'in the parlance of aquatics she
starts her stroke well, but "finishes"
C Neither is her phrasing artistic, nor her
breathing unlabored. For example, in the
line "En ecoutant sa voix melodieuse et
tendre," from Massenet's "II Est Doux,
11 Est Bon," one does not like to hear a
gulp between "volx" and "melodieuse,"
and in that capital song of Clapisson,
"Chanson de la Promise," the marked
hiatus between the words "liqueur" and
"vermeille" may not be considered neces
sary, because It assists the flourish at the
end of the phrase.
I was disappointed, too, in Mile. Tre
belli's inadequate dramaticism and In her
two excerpts from Italian opera. "Caro
Nome" and the Baletella from "I Pagli
acci " in which she might be expected to
shine, she fell far short of expectations.
And yet Mile. Trebelli's power to please
may not be questioned. In the "Taran
telle" of Bizet and the "Ho Messo Nuovo
Corde" of Gounod and. Indeed, all num
bers that demanded spirited rendering,
she was positively charming. Above all,
in the "Laughing Song" that she gave for
a final encore her charm of manner, her
delightful espieglerie won her the most
complimentary, sincere and well-deserved
applause.
Mile. Trebelll will give a final recital
on Saturday afternoon. The programme
Is. as usual, an interesting one.
PORTER GARNETT.
VEXATIOUS QUARANTINE.
Coal Importers File a Protest Against
an Unprofitable Delay.
Owners of vessels engaged In carrying
coal from British Columbia ports to San
Francisco complain of the delay caused
by the rigid quarantine prevailing at this
port. There is a scarcity of the fuel at
present In California, they say, and every
day's delay in unloading means great in
convenience and some financial loss to the
importers. i- v-;~v -;~
They forwarded yesterday to the Sur
ceon General and the Secretary of the
Treasury a strong protest, numerously
signed, asking for the removal of the
Quarantine restrictions on their trade. In
the protest they call attention to the fact
that they are in the freight business, not
in the passenger traffic, and for that rea
son the necessity for so strict a quaran
tine and so much delay is not apparent.
They represent further that they are
engaged in supplying the public with a
necessary of life, and that it is for the
public Interest that the period of delay in
furnishing the same should be reduced to
the minimum.
EXCESSIVE BILLS FOR
FODDER AT THE JAILS
LARGE SUMS PAID FOR HORSE
FEED.
Sheriff Lackmann Says Thirteen Ani-
xnals Cost Five Times Their Value
to Feed for Six Months.
Sheriff Lackmann Is of the opinion that
the expenses for maintenance of branch
jails 2 and 3 for the six months ending
December 31, 1599, under his predecessor,
were largely in excess of what they
should have been. In going over the ac
counts yesterday he discovered that the
forage bills for thirteen horses for the
first half of the present fiscal year aggre
gated $1506 90, which is nearly half of the
total sum expended for the two institu
tions, amounting to $2983 14. The horse
shoeing for fifteen hdrses. Including that
for the two van horses, which are stabled
privately, was $237 50, a total of $1744 40
for six months. The horses would bring
about $25 each In open market and at this
rate they have cost five times their value
for six months.
The cost for forage and shoeing for each
horse has been nearly $25 a month and
the Sheriff Is of the opinion that $12 50 Is
a liberal estimate for these Items for each
horse. Some thirty-two acres of land
la under cultivation near the Jall3, but
the Sheriff does not know whether any of
the grain has been made available. He
says that some was raised last year.
Repairing harnesses cost $212 85; black
smithing, $256 95; removing a dead horse,
$5/ and carrying a horse to hospital, $6,
making a total of $2274 20 for expenses of
horses and wagons. The other $.08 94 was
spent for Ice, telephones and other inci
dentals. .
As a consequence of the large expendi
tures, Lackmann finds himself with only
$2356 "3 for the next six months running
expenses of the two branch Jails, prin
cipally for the stable, and out of this the
Board of Public Works wants $1000 for
urgent repairs and locks for the cells. He
is willing to concede a portion of this
money, but thinks he will run short on a
fund already crippled. Lackmann thinks
that the forage bills may be reduced con
siderably and that at least $500 should be
saved on that Item alone.
REPAIRS IN INSANE
DETENTION HOSPITAL
BOABD OF WORKS HEARS RE
PORT OF SUPERINTENDENT.
Draymen's Association Petitions That
Foot of Spear Street Be Repaired
to Accommodate Traffic.
At the meeting of the Board of Public
Works yesterday a report was filed by
F. W. Hatch, General Superintendent of
State Hospitals, stating that he In com
pany with Mayor Phelan, Supervisors
Dwyer and D'Ancona and Commissioner
Manson had inspected the San Francisco
quarters for the alleged insane and made
the following recommendations:
The inside and outside of rooms used
for patients should be painted white, as a
sanitary measure and to lighten the
rooms, which are now quite dark. The
toilet, bathroom and kitchen should be re
moved from their present location and
placed in the back corridor. The space
thus created should be ntted up for the
detention of the noisy and untidy insane,
who are a disturbing element by reason of
their proximity to the quieter class of pa
tients. It would be advisable to build a
partition at the north end of the present
looms in order to keep visitors from run
ning along the hall and bothering patients
The report was referred to Superintend
ent Barnett for investigation.
The board announced the temporary ap
pointment of 110 laborers in the Bureau of
Streets, all of whom are hold-overs from
the Fragley administration.
A committee from the Draymen's As
sociation addressed the board regarding
the condition of the foot of Spear street
and its being closed for repairs on that
account. Complaint is made that it is
necessary to go over Harrison street hill
to reach the Oregon dock, and request was
made that the street be repaired at once
The board stated that there were no funds
available for good plank driveways, but
promised to begin the necessary repairs
as soon as possible.
City Engineer Grunsky was authorized
to investigate the mechanical device of
S. S. Tilson for flushing sewers.
H. Gray appeared before the board In
regard to the alleged nuisance maintained
by Gray Brothers in their brickyard in
the Casjro street extension. He Btated
that the grades of the land in that section
had not oeen officially declared and that
the blasting against which protest has
been made is two miles away from the
brick plant. The board will investigate
further into the matter.
The resignation of W. Wilkinson, assist
ant in the Bureau of Streets, was accept
ed, but the vacancy was not filled. .
For To-day and To-morrow 1
SPECIAL SALE
OF
FINE FUR and SEAL-
SKIN GARMENTS.
FINE QUALITY MINK CAPES. 14. 15
and 16 inch long, from 930 up
FITCH CAPES, from $22 to $50
FIRST QUALITY SEALSKIN CAPES. 15
and tO Inch long $O5 to $95
ALASKA BEST LONDON DYED SEAL-
SKIN JACKETS. 23 longr $145
RIVER MINK CAPES $12 to $1S
ELECTRIC SEAL ASTRACHAN COM-
BINATION CAPES $7.50 to $20
FUR NECK SCA-RFS OF EVERY DE-
SCRIPTION AT A SACRIFICE.
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable r HHH ; fIH _
Manufacturing rUrrierS,
121 Post Street, Booms 7 to 11.
CADETS DANCE AND
HAVE A MERRY TIME
v The members of Company X, League of
the Cross Cadets, held their Initial hop
Wednesday evening In Mission Opera
Hall. A large number of friends of the
organization danced and made merry un
til an early hour next morning. The hall
was prettily decorated for the occasion
with Nile green and white festoons, the
colors of the company. Every member
of the company was in uniform, making
a gay mixture with the gay colored gowns
worn by the fair sex.
Captain J. H. Reilly acted as floor man
ager and Sergeant J. Byrnes was his as
sistant. The floor committee consisted of
Sergeant A. O'Farrell, Dan Meagher. Ser
geant J. Morey, Joseph Mitchell and Wil
liam Augustine. The committee of ar
rangements consisted of Sergeant J.
Byrnes, Lieutenant T. Branson, H. R.
Brown, Musician L. O'Neill and Chris
Buckley. The reception committee was
composed of Lieutenant A. Hanley, Ser
geant P. Funcheon, Corporal T. Johnston,
H. Pelletier, Otis Jones and J. Roonan.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN £3!.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
I-AST THREE NIGHTS OV
t-'trauss* Delightful Cotr.ic Op«ra,
THE QUEEN'S LACE
HANDKERCHIEF!
The PrettlPFt. Wittipst. Jolliest, Funniest and
Mcst EnjcyabJe Entertainment 5n the City.
INeact U/eelc-BOCCACCIO.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GOOD RESERVED PEAT IN ORCHESTRA,
SATURDAY MATINEE. 25c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE— EMPORIUM.
Every r.'.cht fir.r'uilng Sun.) Matinee Sat.
CONTINUING XLi. MXT \V. EX.
LOUIS KATHRTN CHARLES B.
JAHES KIDDER lUNM)2I>
nr.d a Company of 37 People.
TO-N GHT-itl£ WtVTfcß** 1 TL
Paturday Matinee •"HAMLET"
Saturday N'.pht "MArUETH"
Sunday ••OTHELLO"
NEXT WEEK. SEATS NOW READY.
Monday ar.fi Friday "THE RIVALS"
Tuesday "OTHELLO"
FPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY,
and Thursday and Saturday Nichts
"THE WINTERS TALE."
Wednesday. Night and Saturday Matinee.
"THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
Punfiay "MACBETH"
Monday. February S— THE BOSTONIANS.
TO RUN NEWSPAPER AS
CHRIST WOULD HAVE IT
Rev. Charles M. Sheldon Tells of the Tests
He Will Apply in His Forthcoming
Experiment,
TOPEKA, Kas.. Jan. 25.— Rev. Charles M. Sheldon, to whom the Topeka
Capital will be turned over for one week, beginning March 13, to run "as
Christ would conduct a newspaper if he were on earth to-day," is confi
dent of every success. Advance orders for extra copies of the edition and
requests for advertising space are continuing to pour in. Mr. Sheldon
will be in absolute control of the paper in its every department. Although he
has always been opposed to writing for Sunday papers and has declared they
should not be published the Sunday issue will appear as usual. In speaking of
his plans he said:
"1 intend to publish all the news, but I will present it In such a way as to
be entertaining and interesting, without its usual accompaniment of blood-curd
ling details and trash, which appeal only to the passions of the readers. I will
be at a disadvantage during my control of the paper, as I have never had
any newspaper experience. I intend occupying my time between now and March
13 in familiarizing myself with the work, bo that I shall not be totally ignorant
of it. The time is undoubtedly ripe for such a paper, and it would succeed as
well in Topeka as anywhere else."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
BIG WRECK
ON COAST OF
NEWFOUNDLAND
An American Vessel
Driven Ashore.
? ¦
ALL LIVES REPORTED LOST
»
OFFICIALS WOKKXNG TO FTNTS
NAME OF VESSEI*.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Jan. 25.— Advices
from Foxtail Point state that the wreck
of a large vessel, probably American, has
been on the rocks for four days. Nobody
appears to be on board and no signs of
boats are seen. The hull has been sorely
buffeted either before or after striking
the coast, and such portions of the wreck
age as lined the shore were split into frag
ments. The stormy weather prevailing
has prevented boats from getting near the
wreck.
It is beyond reasonable doubt that all
on board have perished, though who the
unfortunates -were and how many cannot
be determined.
The Government officials have arranged
to find out the name of the vessel If pos
sible.
O ?0-^0
4 >. Strictly Reliable. °
I & : \ Dr. Talcott & Co. \
? rlf Practice Confined to J
? J^^^^i§4^ Varicocele cured In one WeeK 2
o A at office, or four weeKs' home o
£ V treatroent. Stricture cured by 4
4 yy Im\ £z/j A >*w painless electricity. Discharges ?
o 1 /[i\§^&z%7fil\ \?Nw cured by the irrigation rQethod. X
o IV I V^&rwil V^ - All forms of weakness a spe- ?
o" \\ \\ WV\ I \ // Correspondence Invited. °.
? \\ I I// 997- Market Street, Corner Sixth. $
2 o
7
REV. CHARLES SHELDON.
PhiladelphiaAMERICAN LINE.
iraW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LO.HDCK. PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. M a. m.
New York Jan. 24 I New York Feb. H
at Tumi* Jan 31 I St. Louis.. -....Feb. SI
It tS£ZM.Z**I 7 I Friesland Feb. U
RED STAR LINE.
New York. or>d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland Jan. 21 I Kensington .—feb. U
6™rk. Jan. 31 Noordland Feb. n
Weiternland....Feb. 1 I Frlesland Feb. 23
. EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcijas'. Dawson City
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
to Montgomery st.. cr any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at H«ngkone with steamers f?r
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Friday, Feb. 3
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday, March 31
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's cfS ;e,
4<>l4 <> 1 Market st., corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMFAONIE GEKEBALE TBANSATLA2ITIQI7E.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jy>>.
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, frcm November 2. 1599, at w"'*^ l *!^
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st: LA GASCOGNE. Jan. 25: La NOit-
MANDIK. Feb. 1; L* BRETAGNE. Feb. s;
L.AQUITAINE. Feb. 13. Flrst-clais to Havre.
J«0 and upward: 5 per cent reduction en round
trip. Second class to Havre. 145: 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building), New York. J.
F. FTJQAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, i
ilor.tffomery aye.. San Francisco.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
! January C 4% 64% 64% 64%
May C7«4 67/* 66% 67
I July CS% CSVi 67% 68
Corn No. 2—
I January 30% 30% 30% SO?4
May 33V4 33% 33% 83U
I Ju '>' ••••••••; 33** 33% 33% 33%
I Oats No. 2—
January 22% 22% 22%' 22U
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel— " ¦ ™
'January .... 10 57V4
May 10 62% 30 77% io'c6 10 75
! July 10 75 10 82% 10 75 10 B'H
Lard, per 100 ixmlnds —
i January B g5
May 5 f-2% 600 680 600
July 600 605 5 97^. 605
Biion Ribs, per ICO pounds —
January 5 70
May 570 5 77% 5 67%' 5 77' i
Ju! >' 5 85
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady; No. 3 sprlnsr wheat. 62V4@63%c; No 2
red, 67%<gr,Sc; No. 2 corn. 31»/,c; No. 2 oats
22U^23e; No. 3 white. 24*>iiR25%c; No 2 rye'
r,2(g34c; No. 2 barley. 3S@'2c; No. 1 flaxseed'
$1 :.0; prime timothy seed, $2 50@2 60; mens pork
per barrel, $3 2C510 CO; larrl. per 100 pounds
J5 75@5 87%; short ribs sides (loose). $5 OOifiS so'
dry Falted shoulders (boxed). 5%<?/,s*fcic; short
clear Fides (boxed). $5 90©6; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, $1 23>A;' sugars cut
loaf, 0c; granulated. 5.44 c.
Articles- .Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 45.000 41 000
Wheat, bushels 56.000 52 000
Corn, bushels 223.000 Sl'oOO
Oats, bushels 344.000 239 000
Rye bushels n.OOO si 000
Barley, bushels 73.000 IG.OOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 19024 c* dalrv
l£©22e. Cheese, firm; 12@i3c. Eggs, 'steady
fresh, 15c. '
Securities were dull on the morning session
and quotations showed little change.
The same dullness characterized the after
noon session and beyond a slight Improvement
In Market-Street Railroad at Jtil 37% there was
no charige.
The oil stocks continued quiet.
STOCK AND BOND . EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 25—2 p. m
Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup.. — —
4s quar reg.... — 114 Vi
4» quar new... — —
3s quar c0up.. 110% —
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115% —
C C Wat ss. .106^107%
Ed L &. P 65.. 130 —
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95
H C & S 5%5..105 110
HC&S Ba lU6*4 —
L A Ry 0s 104%106
LAL Co 55... — —
Do gntd 65.. — —
Do gntd Es.. — 103
L A & P R 55.102U103
Market-st 65...126 Vi —
Do Ist M os.. — HSU
N C N G U 7s. — 10J
N R of Cal 65.H3*,4 —
N R of Cal 55.113%114U
N P C R R 55. 103 —
NPC R R 68.106 —
N C It R 55:.. 100 —
O G L & H 55. 103 —
Oak Tran 65..111%113
Oak W Co C 5..105 106',-i
Oceanic SS C 0.10474 —
Om C Ry 65.. — 128%
P & Cl Ry 65.. 104 105
Pk &. ORy 6s. — —
Powell-st It 6s. — 121
Sac El G&R3s — 100
S F & N P 55. 113 —
S F & SJV 55.H6 117
S Ry of Cal 6s. — 109
S P of A 65..;.110%110%
S P C 6s(1905).109%110U
SP C 6-5(1906) .111 —
SP C C5(1312). — —
SPCIs Cg 58. — —
S P Br 6s 124% —
S V Wat 65.... 115 —
S V Wat 45. ...104 104%
S V W 4s (3dm) 102% —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 103
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 74 75%
Marin County. 50
Spring Valley. 93% 94
Gas &. Electric-
Cent Gas Co.. — —
1 Bid. Ask.
Cent L & P.... — 5
Equit G L Co. 4 4**
Mutual L Co.. 13V4 14
O G L & 11... 444 45
Pac Gas Imp.. 47Vi 4S
Pao Light Co.. 41*4 —
SFG & E 51 52
San Francisco. i\ o
Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund. 22o . —
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 65 —
Bank of Ca1... 400 —
Cal S D &. T.. 97% 9S
First Natn1....250 —
Lon P & A.. ..131 132%
Merchants' Ex — 16
Nev Nat 8k... — —
Savings Banks—
jCer S & L..1750 —
I Hum S& L. — —
I Mut Say Bk. 44% —
S F Su.v U.. 500 —
Say & L Co. 74 78
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California 117 120
Oeary-st 60 —
Market-st Ry. 60% 61
OSI. & H — 50
Presidio — 22%
Powder Stocks-
California 160 175
X Dynamite... 33 —
Giant Con Co.. — 95
Vlgorit 2% 3
Sugar Stocks —
Hani P C 0.... 7V4 7%
Haw C & S Co .«6>4 —
Honokaa S Co. 30% 31
Hutch S P Co. 2C-4 27
Kllauea S Co.. 23 —
Makaweli S Co 43% 44
Onomea S Co.. 27 27%
Paauhau S Co. 27% 28
Miscellaneous—
Al Pack Assn.ll9 120
Mer Xx Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. 97 —
Pac A F A.... IV 2'i
Pac C Bor Co. .148 —
Par Paint Co.. 9% —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 119 75
375 Equitable Gas 4 00
100 Honokaa S Co 30 50
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time cotumn elves the second tide of
the Jay, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number Klven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 26.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.— Quiet prevailed In the
wheat pit during to-day's session. The ru
mored prerence of plague In Rosario was the
chief support, giving the market a tone of firm
ness. The cold weather Weet aJid the steadi
ness of cables were contributory Influences.
The Liverpool advance early was largely a fac
tor in the initial tain here. May opened He
over yesterday. The entire range was narrow.
May selling between 67>4c and 66T4c, closing a
shade up at 67c.
The corn market was dulf, and save for a
momentary dip. firm. May closing a shade up
at 33>io.
Oats were dull and firm, without much fea
ture. May closed a shade Improved at 23% c:.
The Provision market, after considerable
dullness and depression, turned fairly active
and firmed up. May pork closed 12'/fcc un. May
larrl ,V37'ic better and May ribs 7»£c over yes
terday.
The leadlnc futures ranged aR follows:
OCEAN TRAVEL*
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts, 18,
533 barrels; exports, 2016 barrels. The market
was quieter to-day, but none the less firmly
held, as Western mills claim continued high
cost of croduction.
WHEAT— Receipts. 2«,000 bushels; exports.
24.050 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 75% c
f. o. b.' afloat, prompt; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 7S!*c; No. 1 hard Duluth, sO^o
f. o. b. afloat; No. 3 red, 7SVic elevator. Op
tions opened firm at %c advance, stimulated by
higher cables and cold weather news, and were
subsequently upheld by the confirmation of the
plague rei>orts from Rosario. The trade was
light all day, mostly local and export business
unimportant. The close was firm on covering
l>y ehorts, at VsWVxC net advance. March, 74^^
74'>jc, closed 74% c; May. 73^'H73%c, closed 73Hc-
July. 73Vj«73 1 «c, closed 73Hc.
HOl'S— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— The market closed steady, with
prices 5 points higher to 5 points lower. Total
sales, 22,000 bag?, including: January, $C 95;
March. $6 90^6 95; May. $7(07 05; July. $7 O.iffj;
7 10; August. ?7 15; September, $7 20®7 30; No
vember, $7 23; December. $7 30fi7 35. Spot Cof
fee, steady; No. 7 invoice. SVic; No. 7 Jobbing,
S*;c. Mild, steady; Cordova. B%ei2»ic.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 15-16 c;
Centrifugal, 96 test. 4%c; Molasses Sugar.
3 11-16 C Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2666 packages; market
steady; June creamery, 20<s?23c; Western cream
ery. 214i25c; factory. 16(5 19c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7205 packages; market weak;
Western. 20c. loss off; Western ungraded at
mark, 14ftl9c.
DRIED FRUITS
There were no new features developed In
Evaporated Apples to-day. The demand was
fair, but hs offerings were liberal and country
ad\-ices unfavorable, the market was easy anj
outside quotations extreme. California Dried
Fruits, dull and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common
6^C s «c; prime. 7<g7Uc; choice, 7%@B\4c; fancy,
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3H@Sc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13^13c; Moorpark. 15@lf!c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 2C?i23c; unpeeled, 7%@10c
Chicago Ind & Louisville 15^4
Chicago Ind &. Louisville prefd 45
Chicago & Eastern Illinois ilhi
Chicago &. Northwestern 161
2.510 Chicago Kock Island <st Pacific lw>**i
4UU C C C & St Louis 61
100 Colorado Southern ohi
110 Colorado Southern Ist prefd i3\
Colorado Southern 2d rrefd , 15
100 Delaware Ai .Hudson 115 li
1,07u Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 175*
Denver &. Rio Grande 1»V»
540 Denver At Rio Grande prefd 6i\
Erie "4i
Erie Ist preld 32S
6S>O Great Northern prefd 1864
Hocking Coal 16 1 *
•210 Hocking Valley 32' i
645 Illinois Central Ill 1 * !
2Zii lowa Central 12 L t
200 lowa Central prefd 52* |
200 X C P & Gull *'2
Lake Erie & Western 21".*
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd !>4
Lake fchore 1»4
10,4.M) Louisville & Nashville *l l i
6.C20 Manhattan Elevated *33 S 4
h.760 Metropolitan Street Railway 16^^*
I'll) Mexican Central 12
700 Minneapolis & St Louis 5»
100 Minneapolis ft S: Louis preld iw'i
5,v70 Missouri Pacific 43". 4
Mobile & Ohio 40
Missouri Kansas &. Toxas 10
Mls-sourl Kansas A: Texas preid 32
370 New Jersey Central 116 s *
2,43 i New York Central .123^4
2.54; Norfolk & Western -OV3
700 Norfolk i: Western prefd 70U
3.960 Northern Pacific W*
St6o Northern Pacific iTefd 74*»
Ontario & Western 21H
Oregon Railway & Nay 42 |
Oregon Railway Ai Nay preld 7G
13.400 Pennsylvania I^'i
Reading 17's
654 Heading Ist prefd i'l'\
3CO Reading 2d prefd 27H :
K*o Grande Western 39
Rio Grande Western prefd S2
2W St Louis Ac San Fran SS 1 *
110 St Louis At San Fran Ist prefd 6i>
I*o St Louis & San Fran Zd prefd 33 l i
GOO St Louis Southwestern : 12
£25 St Louis Southwestern 27 ' i i
7,y30 St Paul ll* 7 s i
St Paul prefd I*o
St Paul A: Omaha 1 120
11.125 Southern Pacific : 3?*» m -I
1,400 Southern Railway 11T» j
1.220 Southern Railway prefd 54 H j
1,3i0 Texas & Pacific 13H
13>C>0 Union Pacific 47V»
L 931 Union Pacific prefd 75% |
200 Wabas-1. *
2"0 Wabash prefd - ( >\
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9',
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 26 l *
Wisconsin Central l»Va
Express Companies —
Adam* H3
American H»
United States 4,
Wells Fargro 123
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil 33Vs
American Cotton Oil prefd 93
2,i00 American Malting SS 3 "*
American Malting prefd 27
935 Am Smelting & Refining 35%
300 Am Smeltinsr & Refining 88
American Spirits 2V4
American Spirits prefd 17
400 American Steel Hoot> 42>4
2^o American Steel Hoop prefd 80
8,410 American Steel & Wire 49
303 American Steel & Wire rrefd 90 1 .;
100 Arx.eriea-i Tin Plate 2S
212 American Tin Plate prefd 80
6.6.«) American TY.baceo S9'£
American Tobacco prefd 135
S5O Anaconda Mining Co 40V4
21.245 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71%
650 Colorado Fuel & Iron 42' i
COO Continental Tobacco 32
Continental Tobacco prefd 84
E. 533 Federal Steel 51U
1,765 Federal Steel prefd IZhi
100 Generz! Electric 123
1.200 Glucose Sugar 53"i
Glucose Sucar prefd 99
International Paper 26
International Paper prefd 67%
300 Laclede Ga« 79
200 National Biscuit 36%
National Biscuit prefd 92-4
National I>ea/1 26
m National Lead prefd lO4*£
6* National Steel 40»i
227 National Steel prefd ?2>i
New York A!r Brake 130
4.500 North American 14 s i
Pacific Coaet 6114
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
1.000 Pacific. Mail 43Vi
2.560 People's Gas 104' i
210 Pressed Steel Car f,6>4
220 Pressed Steel Car prefd 87%
210 Pullman Palace Car ISS
Standard Rope & Twine B*4
J5.P50 Suuar URSi
Supar pre-fd 11214
1.110 Tennessee Coal & Iron R",%
7/'2O United States Leather 16'< i
700 United States Leather prefd 7fi
423 United States Rul.ber 3914
United States Rubber prefd JO'S*
700 Western Union R6',4
600 Republic Iron tz Steel 21
Ke-puMle Iron & Steel prefd C 6
r C C 4 St Louis 76H
229,100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s reg 102VN j t> n g. ea 5 5 ...i20
do 3s 10i>Vi'No Carolina 65. ...127
do coup 110 1 do 4s 10c
do new 4? reg...232\i;No Pac lsts 110
do coup 133%| do 3s CC^i
do old 4» reg 114 | do 4s 1C3%
do roup 114 NYC& St L 45. 107
dn Es reg 112 iNorf & W con 45.. S3 7 *
do coup 113 I do (,-en 6s 123
Di* of Col 3.C38....113 ;Or Nay lsts HO
AtchiFon gen 4*...1<H I do 4b ion;
do ?dj 4e Bi«4 Or S Line 6s 129H
Can So 2ds IW>£ do con Ks H2Vi
Zbe* & Ohio 4^5... :t7Ui Reading pen 4s .. 84%
do 5S5 S n«-i R G W lsts S6
C & N W con 75..1«2>, St L&l M con E5.112
di S F deb t5....H9 ,St L & S F gen 65. 119
Chi Term 4s S.I St Paul cons 16714
D & R G lMs....lC2\jSt P C & Pac lsts. HSU
do 4s Sv-4,1 do f.s 113
E T Va & Ga lsts. lftl'4 'So Railway 6s ...107H
Erie gen 4s Q'j IS Rope & T 65... m'
Ft W & D C lsts.. 74'4|Tenn new set 35.. 94V4
Gen nice Ds 119 ,Tex & Pac lsts ..113
G H & S A 6s 103 j do 2ds 54
di £ds 103 il.'nlon Pac 4s 104%
H & T C 5s 110 iWabash lsts 115U
do con Cs ". 110 \ do 2dn 10m
lowa Cen lsts ... 114*; ; West Shore 4s ..,.113
X C P & G lsts... 6SH VVIs Cent lsts 90u
La new con 4s — K'6'-i Va cent B",'A
L & Nash unt '4s. 99'4'Va deferred 5
M X & T Ids 6S*?;;Colo A So 4s SS>4
do 4s W> [So Pac 4s 83
N V Cen lsts ....109 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 2J Ontario s 12
Crown Point 13 Ophir 73
Con Cal & Va 1 65 Plymouth g
Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry.... 27 Quicksilver prefd 775
Hale & Norc 45 Sierra Nevada 52
Homej'takp 50 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver DSi Union Con 23
Mexican 35, Yellow Jacket 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWest End prefd ..110
Call loans / 4<s3,West Elec 40U
Time loans 4^5 WJ» Cent ig "
Stocks — jDom Coal <i
A T & S F 19'i;Dom Coal prefd ..115
AT& S F prefd.. 60% | Bonds-
Am Sugar 116%; Atchisan 4s 100
Am Sugar prefd.. 113 | Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 330 jAUouez Mm Co .. 3
Host &, Albany 240 (Atlantic 2414
Boston El 96 IB & M ex-dlv ....265
BoKt & Maine.... 195 1 Butte & Boston ... 50
C n & Q 122U|Cal & Hecla 742
Fitch prefd 129>i Centennial 15U
Gen Elec 122»4, Franklin 15
Gen Elec prefd 135 JHumboldt 1
Fed Steel 51\4 Oeceola 70%
Fed Steel prefd 73>* Parrot 41^4
Mcx Cent 11 % Qulncy 142
Mich Tel 100 Kama Fe Copper.. 6>4
Old Colony 203 .Tamarack 177 ,
Old Dominion ....108 IWlnona ..: 4
easier, and the improvement of the past sev
eral days shows signs of halting. Receipts are
not heavy, but buyers are letting the rnarKei
alone, and stocks are rather accumulating tnaa
otherwise.
BUTTER— : V. J
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25c, with sales at
26c; seconds, 22'4@24c. .._
Dairy— Fancy. 22@22'/4c; good to choice, 19®
20c; common, 13@17V4c. '„ ....
CHEESE— Choice mild new. He; old WHc
Youns America. ll@ll%e; Eastern, 10%®16c,
Western, 13'/4@lsc per lb. . _
¦ EGGS— Quoted at 17@20c for store and 21®
22",ic per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age, 15@17c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
All Fruits, deciduous and citrus, are in good
supply and quiet at unchanged prices.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— _ t1
Apples— 3s(&6sc per box for common. 75c©* I 
for good. Jl 2."i,'ffil 50 fbr choice.
BERRIES— Cane Cod Cranberries. $407; Coos
Bay Cranberries. $1 per box. -
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranees, » fS z .* )
per box; Seedlings, sCc@sl 25; Pomeloj, $I®. o».
Lemons. $I@l 50 for common and $-4jZ 00 ror
good to choice; Mexican Limes, J* so ®^ : - Ca ":
fornla Limes. 85®35e; Bananas. $1 .o@3 per
bunch; Pineauples, $3 50©4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
Mall advices from New York say: "Because
of indifference on both sides there is almost no
business of importance in Prunes. It Is report
ed that stocks on the coast are out of first
hands. eXCSSt occasional small blocks which
haven't been picked up yet. There is no ques
tion about the ultimate cleaning up of the en
tire yield, an unprecedented condition In the
history of the California Dried Fruit business
Inquiries are numerous, but are not urgent, ana
very little comes of them so far.
DRIED. FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4^c for
<0-50's. 4fcM*c for 50-GO's. 3%c for 60-70 s3V 4 e
for 70lS0's. 3c for SO-SO' s and 2%c for 90-100 s.
Apricote. Il(ffl3c for Royals. 12%®16c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, bwa
6c for Standards, 6y*@6?ic for choice and 7©Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10@12V4c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6® 7c: Sun-dried, s@o%c per lb.
Nectarines. B@9c; Pears, 3%@4%c for dark and
7@Bc for bright halves; Black Figs. 2®2Hc:
White Flrs. 2®3c ; Bleached Plums. B®9c; Un
bleached Plums, 7@7%c for pitted and lV&c for
unpitted. _
' RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; stAndard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, BV4c; choice, 7Vic; standard. 6W;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless.
50-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels, 5V4c;
S-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 JO: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. ¦ • ,
NUTS— Chestnuts. S@loc; Walnuts, B@9c for
standards and 9@loc for softshell: Almonds,
HH@l2c for paper-shell. 9@loc for soft and 43
5c for hardshell; Peanuts. 5%@6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts. 7H©Sc; Fil
berts, 12@12^c; P.ecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
©5.
HONEY— Comb, HH@l2c for bright and 10H@
lie for light amber: water white extracted. 7*£ c;
light amber extracted, 7»4@7%c; dark, sV4@6c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S26c per lb.
Provisions.
Although Hams have advanced, some dealers
are still cuttlnc. which makes the market un
settled. Lard and Bacon rule firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9}ic per lb for
heavy 10c for light medium. He for llsrht. 12e
for extra llpht and 13\4c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, lS^nS'^c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; (-it™
Mess, $13: Family, $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50-.
extra clear, $17; Mess, $15; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*(i@7c per lb for
compound and Sc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
8y 4 c: lf*-lb tins. S*ic; ">-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, ""iSSHc per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9Hc
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are firm at the revised quotations.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ll'4@l2c; medium, lie: light, lOVic; Cow
hides, 10'*.^lic; Stags, 7c: Salted Kip. lie; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound. 19^20c: culls and brands,
17(filSc: Dry KIo and Veal. 17<aiSc; Dry Calf. 19
(320 c: Sheepskins, yearlings, 10fi30c each; short
"Wool. 35@C0c each; medium, 70©9 Cc: long Wool,
SOcftfl 20 each; Horse Hides, $2 50@3 for large
and tl 2".<fi2 for small; Colts. 25<S50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s@si-4c per lb; No.
2, 4<g-4u.c; refined, 6M>c; grease, 2Hl?3c.
WOOL-
Fall clip, San Joaquin plains. 9@loc: South
ern, 8@10c; Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 17520 c; Eastern Oregon, 13@16c;
Valley Oregon, 15(520c: Northern Mountain,
free. 11® 14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7@llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
All descriptions remain about as before. Mut
ton continues firm and In light supply. There
are enounh Hogs to co around.
BEEF— 6%©7c per lb for Steers and 6®6%c
for Cows.
VEAL— S@ 10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B®S»4c; ewes, T^gSo per
pound.
LAMB— Srrlng. 15c; yearlings, gg^c per lb.
POKK— Live Hogs, £%c for small, SH'S^c for
medium and SSSVaC for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, s@sV4c; dressed Hogs, 7iSS^»c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bacs. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 7W"i.ic; Wool Bags, 2S'?3oc.
COAL— Wellington, tS per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
t7; Bryant. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, IS;
Co-operative Wallsend. $S; Scotch. ; Cum
berland, $12 In bulk and $13 50 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, s*>4c; Pow
dered, 6%; Candy Granulated, SVi; Dry Gran
ulated, 5Hc; Confectioners' A, 5Hc; Magnolia
A, 4&C; Extra C. *%; Golden C, 414 c; barrels,
l-16c more; half-barrels, *«ie more; boxes, J^c
more; 50-Ib bags. He more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels, 5?4c; boxes. 6&c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, JANUARY 25.
Flour, qr sks 16.753|W001. bags 30
Wheat, ctls BI.SoGIHay, tons 553
Barley, ctls 2,2«SjStraw, tons 30
Onts. ctls 550 Eggs, dozen 7,170
Cheese, ctls 266 Wine, gallons 90.500
Butter, ctls 222j1-eather, rolls 47
Beans, sks 95iHides, No 179
Potatoes, sks 4,261 Pelts, bdls 43
Onions, sks 27 Lime, barrels 499
Middlings, sks 110 Sugar, barrels 179
Bran, sks 5,725 Sugar, sks 813
Shorts, sks 315 Quicksilver, flasks 126
OREGON.
.Flour, qr sks 12,5S6iOnIons, sks 1,039
Oats, ctls 450 Bran, sks.- 4,'5r.0
Potatoes, sks ll,342|Shorts, sks 1,875
Charters.
The schooner Columbia loa<ss lumber on the
Found for Melbourne or Adelaide, 52s 6d;
Helene. lumber at Port H'.akeley for Honolulu.
The Br.lasore and Lyderhorn are chartered
for wheat to Europe, Sf.s.
The Cromdale was chartered prior to arrival
for »heat to Europe. 21s 3d; Samoena, same
voyage. 33s &d.
Bank of England Rate.
Money continues to ease off in England, the
easement being helped by the British victory
at Spion Kop. The Bank of England reduced
its rate of discount from V 2V 2 to 4 per cent and
consois advanced 5-10.
Copper Movement.
The production of copper in the United Prates
and Europe in IK>9 and the exports of copper
from the United States for the same year
compare as follows:
Production. Total
American. Europe. Exports.
Totf.i. tana v.z.yj 5?.2«0 ne.803
ii :*:*; 2ZX.T.2 m.5^3 k;.hs
la 3OT '. 2W.UB *>5.:70 125.2W
Government Receipts and Expenses
Fcr the first six months of the fiscal year
the Government receipts compare as follows:
ISSS. I???-
Customs J9G.f45.539 $113.K«0,471)
Internal revenue 135.3:<4.340 X52.50L.226
Miscellaneous 11.521.7U 1».601.79S
Total $245.961,850 t254.753.454
¦ - , ¦ . -.....-
The <i!s-bursements for the same Interval
compare at follows:
IS9S. 3S9S.
Civil J50.72f'.7K3 $53.2.'.>.4r^
\\- ar J46/«,S2U 75.782.422
Nav y 56.:,i.*.459 25.00V.61f
lodians 5.674.005 *- 9 l*-rB
Fwmlons rx.606.8M Ib^'-ill
Interest 1K173.1*.2 2.>,M1.261
Total t523.651.312 tiC3,7C(i.559
There is a gain of JCS.s3i.6OO in revenue for
the first six months of the new fiscal year, with
t decrease of tt0,J14.7W in disbursements.
Weather Report.
020 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FKANCIPCSO, Jan. '21— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal ralnlalls to
date, at compared with those of the same date
last season, iind rainfalls in the last 21 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, eeas-jn. season.
Eureka ( |I 'O 23.46 17.6s
Ke.i Bluff 0.00 14.79 13. J2
fcacramento 0.00 13.33 7.(^
t<an Francisco O.UO 14.3S 7.67
Fresno tt.oo 6.12 3.M
Independence 0.00 2. 0S I.lb
£in Luis Obispo 0.00 12.41 6.37
Log Aiigrles » Trace 4.57 2.&4
han Diego 0.01 2.61 3.43
Yuma 0.00 0.66 1.33
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
t4 dexre-et; minimum, 44; mean, 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
Cloudy and somewhat threatening weather
prevails over the southern portion of the Pa
cific tlope and fair over the northern. Light
cfcvwera have fallen along the coast of Southern
California.
The pressure hi.s risen over California and
fallen to the north and east.
The temperature has fallen in the upper Sac
ramento Valley end in Southeastern California;
elsewhere en the Pacific elope it has remained
nearly ttatior.ary.
Conditions are favorable for cloudy weather,
with occasional showers in California Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnlfiht. January 26:
For Northern California— Partly cloudy Fri
day In the northern portion; cloudy .and prob
ably occasional thowers in the southern portion;
light, variable winds.
For Boutbern California — Cloudy and threaten
ing Friday, probably with occasional showers;
l.gnt west wind
For Nevada— Partly cloudy Friday; warmer.
For Utah— Partly cloudy Friday.
For Ar;zor,%— Cloudy and threatening Friday,
probably wltn occasional showers.
For San Francisco and ¦vicinity — Cloudy and
somewhat threatening Friday: light weet wind.
Local Korecaet Official.
t . «i
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nay York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. X.-Price!, on the stock
Exchar-se at the opening to-day reflected in a
degree an improvement in London on the news
that General Warren had captured the Boer
jiOiition »t Siiion Kop. There was a brief
j>eriod of active buying by professionals In n
pectatioa that the SiJ^ll on the market would
be broken anj an outside demand for stocks
attracted, but the traders <juick!y detected that
there was no competition outside of their own
ranks in tbs demand for stocks and they turned
v. the sfcert elde almost Immediately. The
*ajrt,ing of price* below the London parity
ir.aoe operations profitable fcr the foreign
arbitrate houses since prices in London were
well susVuincd at the higher level. Buying
for foreign accounts in the international stocks
ira* estimated at from 2i.wu to 30.000 shares,
and even this demand was Largely met by
sales lor short account. The industrial spec
ialties rhowed «:a!n in Fvmi,athy with the in
ternationats. but they were not so well sus
tained In the absence of foreign demand. The
al«olute inertness of the buying demand
jirompted some celling pressure by the bears
.:...¦.-• the industr:als in the laii hour, but
prices fjr-onW as unwilling to move downward
k( upward, and the shorts covered befure the
clow, which was firm at slightly below the
opening level In most cas<«i. The weekly re
turns of the P.ank of Knßlar.d and the Hank
of France disclosed a continuance 01 the no
table refiui. into the cash reserveu of thffr in
stitutions accompanied by continued liquUiu
tion of loan obligations to them. Opf n mar
ket discount rates abroad continue sjft in
epite of the continued increase of the reserves
of the government institutions and in London
Bre fctill nearly 1 |*-r cent below the bank
rate even aftrr to-day's reduction to 4 p»r
ct-nt. Tne demand for money In New York
fcls<j continues very Elupßi-h. although the
rate of Inflow to the banks of cash continues
to decrease owing to the large revenue re
ooipta by the Government. Mercantile paper
is coming into Increased demand and lenders
at money make additional concessions in the
placing of time loans. All this has not the
fliprhteet apparent cTtort in attracting any
oj«-rationR in the Rock market, which went
through the whole day after th«? opening tpurt
Vf-ry near the level <>r stagnation. A feature
In the outside market was a demand for
Standard Oil. which Mid ml £12— a record price
The hond market wan rather broader than
that for. Blocks, but showed a falling off from
lh<« recent active business. Prices were well
FUFtainr-d throughout. Total sale?, par value
J2.34J.000.
United Ftates new 4* (coupon) and 5s (regis
tered) advanced l » in th* bid price.
NEW YOHK STOCK" LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Bid.
CM Atchison \'n\
12.*w0 Atchison prefd 61
1.200 Baltimore & Ohio 57 T 4
fenadlan Taclfic 94\
Canada Southern 48
I.SOO Chesapeake & Ohio 2»7i
1 fZi ChictLSO Great Western 134
VOX, Chicago Burlinston 6. Qulncy 122H
Union Pacific .... 47 I Wolverines 39
Lnlon Land 3 lUtah Mining 25^
TYest End 9241
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.— Money on call, steady
at 2%©3 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, i':i<S^/i per cent. Sterling
exchange firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 87 for demand and at 14 S4U for
sixty days; posted rates, J4 85 and $4 88; com
mercial bills, $4 S3V4. Silver certificates, 59%®
bCM/ic; bar silver. 594 c; Mexican dollars. 474 c.
Government bonds, firm; State bonds, weak;
railroad bonds, firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, 5259.031.512; gold reserve,
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market opened flying to-day on the news
of the capture of Splon Kop by General War
ren and remained buoyant for nearly an hour.
The Issue, however, failed to come In and the
highest prices were recorded at 11 o'clock. Af
ter that hour dealings slackened, the second
thought being that the victory was Inconclu
sive. The reduction of the English bank rate
to 4" per cent and of the German bank rate to
3hi helped matters . somewhat, although
the action In both cases was a foregone con
clusion. Consols spurted to IC2, but closed un
changed at 101 S.
Americans opened buoyant and rose on a
misinterpreted Rueters dispatch regarding the
extent of the British losses at Spion Kop, but
the business done In them was small and It
dwindled to the close, which waa dull on proflt
taklng sales for New York. London Is nibbling
at bonds.
The bank received to-day £6000 of gold from
Portugal. It came out only to-day that the
governors had reduced the buying price of
eagles by 1 penny last Tuesday. Foreign ex
change was: Paris cheque, 25.19; Berlin, 20.49^.
The German bank rate is almost certain to
be reduced In a few days.
CLOSING
LONDON, Jan. 25.— Canadian Pacific, 97;
Union Pacific preferred, 77*;; Northern Pacific
preferred. 764; Atchison, 20U; Grand Trunk,
7"»; Anaconda, S*g. Bar silver, steady, 27»id
Bank of England rate reduced and consols advanced.
Silver declined again, the demand having been satisfied.
Sterling Exchange somewhat higher.
Wheat and Barley dull and unchanged.
Minor cereals continue inactive.
Hay and Feedstuffs as previously quoted.
Beans firmly held, but no higher.
Potatoes weaker under heavy receipts. . .
Onions and Vegetables steady.
Butter unsettled by a fight between dealers.
Cheese weak and quiet. Eggs sliow signs of halting again.
Poultry and Game in moderate supply and steady.
All descriptions of Fruit in good supply.
Stocks of Prunes said to be cleaning up.
Hams being cut by local dealers. Bacon and Lard firm.
Hides selling "<vcll at firm prices.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Shipping Intelligence.
London Wool Sales.
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 37*4
20 Market-St Railway 61 5;
65 Oceanic S S Co ?• p^
40 Pac Gas Imp *l »">
30 Pac Gas Imp *' «-'»
10 S F Ga3 & Electric Co, s 30 - j>l CO
80 S F Ga3 & Electric Co •>! «>
5 Spring Valley Water, s 30 93 b2Vi
Street— ;.
100 Oakland Gas « °<>
Afternoon Session,
Board —
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 2*5 2o
$iOOO Lcs Angeles Ry os 105 *>
20 Market-St Railway, b 6 61 €0
30 Oakland Gas 44 124
265 Oceanic S S Co 97 00
$1000 Oceanic S S Co bonds lO.> CO
5 Pac Gas Imp *~ 50
10 Spring Valley Water, s 30 9C 75
Street—
50 Mutual Savings Bank 45 CO
100 Onomea Sugar Co 27 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 120 P0
25 Contra Costa Water 75 624
15 Contra Costa Water 73 75
100 Equitable Gas 4 57"4
10 Giant Powder Con 94 c 0
20 Giant Powder Con 94 37^
13 Giant Powder Con 9* »
ICO Mutual Elec Co 13 V,
10 Oceanic S S Co 97 12' i
10 Oceanic S S Co W 25
100 Paauhau Supar Co, s 90 27 2o
100 Vlgorit Powder * "5
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 120 00
15 Contra Costa Water |J
100 Equitable Gas * s0
1(0 Equitable Gas 4 3.V4
100 Equitable Gas * -•'
20 Giant Powder Con 9-» 50
15 Giant Powder Con 9* 3^4
10 Hawaiian Commercial »•» '»
25 Makaweli Sugar Co « 3< t3
10 Oceanic S S Co 96 '?
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnjr Session.
Bciard—
B0 Caribou 8*
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Home Oil 4 00
60 National 6 87H
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGEv
Morning Session.
Bf&rd —
150 Barker Ranch 1 15
200 Century 130
200 Anaconda 1 00
100 Yukon 1 40
50 Yukon 145
Street—
60 Yukon 140
Afternoon Session.
Board
zeO Anaconda ' ICO
100 Yukon X 40
Street—
100 Yukon 140
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning
500 Belcher 12
ICO Chollar 29
200 Con Cal & Va..l 65
100 Gould & Curry- 26
200 Mexican 35
300 Occidental 13
session.
100 Ophir 71
200 Overman 07
300 Potosl 37
100 Potosl 38
300 Union Con 32
200 Yellow Jacket.. 25
Afternoon
600 Best & Belcher. 23
200 Chollar 23
400 Con Cal & Va..l 55
100 Crown Point....' 13
100 Crown Point 14
400 Gould & Curry- 23
100 Hale & Norc... 39
400 Mexican 32
Session.
200 Ophir 63
200 Ophir 6S
100 Overman 0i
100 Potosi 3»3
:vO Potosl 37
300 Savage 16
500 Union Con 30
200 Yellow Jacket.. 24
Following were the sales In {he Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlni Session.
100 Belcher 12, :
100 Belcher 11 :
300 Bullion OS! .
100 Challenge Con.. 23 :
200 C C & Va 1 67U 4
300 Con Cal & Va..l 63 <
300 C C & Va 1 624 t
300 Carters G M Co 35 ;
150 Carters G M Co 34 :
100 Carters G M Co 33
200 Gould & Curry. 28
200 Gould & Curry. 23
100 Occidental IS
300 Ophir 72
4"0 Ophir 71
900 Potosl 37
100 Potosl 36
500 Savage 17
200 Sierra Nevada.. 50
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha Con 04
500 Best & Belcher. 26
300 Best & Belcher. 23
100 Best & Belcher. 21
200 Chollar I 23
200 Chollar 29
800 Con Cal & Va..l 60
200 C C & Va 1 57Vs
600 Con Cal & Va..l 55
200 Gould & Curry. 24
£00 Mexican 33
100 Ophir 70
400 Ophir 63
400 Ophir 63
SCO Overman 06
SOO Potosl 37
400 Potosl 36
500 Savage 17
400 Sierra Nevada.. 49
600 Union Con 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, January 25—4 p. m
Bid. Ask.
A.lpha 02 04
Uta 02 04
Vndes 07 08
Belcher 10 12
Pest & Belcher 24 23
Bullion 05 06
Caledonia 49 50
Chollar 27 28]
Challenge Con.. 21 22
Confidence 70 —
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 55*
Con Imperial... — 01 j
Con New York. — 04!
Crown Point.... 13 HI
Exchequer 01 03'
Gould & Curry- 23 24;
Hale & Norc... 35 40 1
Julia — 02)
Justice 03 04'
Bid. Ask.
Kentucn 01 03
Lady Washgton — 02
Mexican 31 32
Occidental 13 20
Ophir 67 69
Overman 05 07
Potosl 35 36
Savage 16 17
Scorpion 02 —
Seer Belcher 02 03
Sierra Nevada.. — 43
Sliver Hill 03 05
St Louis — 07
Standard — 2 SO
Syndicate 03 —
Union Con 29 31
Utah 03 05
Yellow Jacket.. 23 25
LIVERPOOL.
• Wheat — Mar nr»
Opening ?.^f r - ."»-*•
Closln « 69K ls%
PARIS.
OS: £¦& Ma^ une 
cl °f ln B 19 25 20 03
I 1I 1 lour—
OPfjinK • 25 35 2« 35
Closing 25 25 26 30
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 25-CATTLE-Good to choice
native steers, strong, active; medium and In
ferior kinds about steady; Texans strong, ac
tive; butchers' stock and canners. firm; feed
ers, about steady. Good to choice. $5 2506 50-
P°.°o- t0 medium, $4@4 90; mixed etockers $3 25
63 9d; selected feeders.. fM 20<7?4 90; good to
choice cows. »3 43«4 60; herfers, $3 250-1 75-
Jf"?'?--* 2 , 1^ 80 * bullSl VWk'.W, calves."
»1 r,0(&7 7a; fed Texan beeves, »4@5.
HOGS— Average about 5c lower; fair clear
ances. Mixed and butchers* , J4 4054 70; good to
choice heavy. $4 60@4 72H: rough heavy, • »4 45
@45»5;4 5 »5; light, $4 35(^1 57%; bulk of sales. |4 50®
SHEEP— Steady; lambs, stronger. Native
Foreign Futures.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
BAY AND KIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S, NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "JMonticeUo."
HON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Bat. at 9 - *S
a. m.: 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10-30 a. m.. i
p. m. lAndlnK and offlce. Mls«lon-str««t Dock.
Pier No. 2. TeleDhone Main 150 S.
FARE SOO
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer Movements.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heisrhts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
jsfOTB The hlith and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Chicago Grain Market.
Continued on Page Eleven.
Pfj&S*Mfefli sal:3 for Honolulu
¦ r^llHi Wednesday. Feb. 7.
S ISC». at 2 v. m.
f>*r ?LV\ Th « S. S. Alameda
raMfflSn nJ sails via Honolulu and
Auck: * n <l «or Sydney
(OfilßflfZW- Wednesday. Feb. a.
— — I "l V> ' J -''M at 3 p. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India. Sues.
England, etc.; $610 first class,
i. b. 3Pk£CKELS & BROS. CO.. Agis.. 114 Mantgomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Oifice.327 Market St
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
»j- Steamers leav* Broadway.
WW,, wharf. San Francisco:
twttaPww. For Alaskan ports. 13 a. m..
iSM^^WgSK Jan. 21. 26. 31, Feb. 0. Chang*
s«£v£3s\S^ t0 company's steamers at
S'JESS-'Sftl For ' Victoria. Vancouver.
f^'^HQJSwM < ' B - C.). Port Townsend.
1 Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New What-
com (Wash.), 10 a, m., Jan.
21 2fl a Feb. 5 and. every fifth day thereafter:
fhacie at Seattle to this company's steamer*
(^AUrti and a N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
R Fo : r a Eu;ek C a o "Hurnbc?dt PBP Ba B yV. 1 p. «.. Jan.
19 24 » Feb 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For lanta Cru». Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
fo F?r h Sa^ y DUgo: a s"o ce p P ! nff only at Port Harfonl
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barßara. Port Lo«
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). U a. m..
Jarf 21. 25. ». Feb. J. and every fourth day
th FSr a Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Ban Jos. del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. L* Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7tn of each
""For 1*"1 *" farther Information obtain company's
"We* company reserves the right to enanga
eteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
witbotit previous notice.
TICKET OFFIOE- 4 New Mont*omery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen Agts..
10 Market rt.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P> O R, T 1.. J±2<TJD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr £12 First Class Including Berth
lAnil $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 2S; Feb. 7. 17. 27
STATK OF CALIFORNIA sails..-. Feb. 2. 12. 22
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E C. WARD. General Asent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, elxty days.... — J4 tt\
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New \ork Kxchange, sight — 15
New Yr.rk Exchange, telegraphic — 17' A
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59^
Mexican Dollars — 48
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Cambuskenneth takes for Cork
67,170 ctls, valued at $70,529; Banklelgh, for
Cork, E0.147 ctls at $50,147.
Liverpool advanced Ud. Chicago reported a
stronger feeling owing to a cold wave over the
Winter Wheat belt, with still colder weather
predicted. Port Rosario, In the Argentine Re
public, was closed on account of the appearance
of the bubonic plague. New York was report
ed strong. Later on the tone became bearish
ami the local crowd sold.
In this market quotations remained about
the same.
Spot Whcat-Shlpplr.g, 97%e@$l; milling.
$1 oHi@l 037 i.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Secsion— 9:ls o'clock— May, 2000 ctls
$1 00' i; 2000. n 00»». .
Second Session— May— 4o<X> ctls, $1 00»£.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2008
ctls, $1 04U : 2000, $1 04%.
Afternoon Session— December— 6ooo ctls, 11 Q4 l i:
May— 2oCO. $1 00%;
BARLEY — There is no Improvement whatever
In the locai demand and the market remains
motionless" at unchanged quotations.
Feed. 75077% c for No. 1 and 65<fi72%c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, So@S7Vsc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
OATS— It is the same old story of a firmly
held but dull market, with free offerings.
White. $1 lO^fi 30; Red. $1 (;7Vi#i 20; Gray,
$1 07>Afil IT'-i; Black. 97Vic!j?$l 07%.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 93ci@'$l 02»£
per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $igi 05; mixed
B7%c®H.
RYE— $l9 l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China steamer took out 9123 bbls of Flour,
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60#3 73,
usual tfrms; bakers' extras, $3 40<<}3 50; Oregon
and Washington $2 73@3 per bbl.
MILLSTUFKS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal'
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 50; Oat
Groats. $4 00; Hominy, $3 25^3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4Q4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina
$4 SC; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrel?) $S@7 25; In sacks, $5 75©7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100
lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Prices show no further change and the mar
kets under this head are dull.
BRAN— |l4<<nr> per ten.
MIDDLINGS-$17(520 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $14@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27- Jobbing
$27t0©28; Cocoanut Cake. $20(Tj,21; Corn Meal'
23JJ23 50; Cracked Corn, $23 . r >O<g24; Mixed Feed
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal. I2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 50@8 50 for common to good
and J9Q9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat $741 -
Oat. leoOgS; Barley, *stf}6 50; Alfalfa. »S@B per
ton; compressed, $7(510 per ton.
STRAW— 2S{fMc per bale. ;
Beans and Seeds.
Prices for Beans remain unchanged, but the
feeling continued firm. .
BEANS— l3ayos, $3 25@3 50; email White, $3 03
@3 20; large White, $2 70@2 30; Pinks, $2 40©
2 83; Reds, $3 60; Blackeye, $1 25@4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 15jf5 25; Pea, $32)3 25; Red
Kidneys, %Z Bo©4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3@3MrC; Yellow Mus
tard. 4&4% c; Flax, Jl 90©2 'M; Canary, 3'/4c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7*j
8c; Rape; 2Vd3c; Hemp, 4tf4%c; Timothy, 4M
4Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@l 90; Green Jl 75
Q2 Eo* ptr ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The arrival of over 11,000 sks from Oregon
weakened Potatoes all around, as will bo seen.
Salinas Burbanks are no longer In market.
Onions and Vecetablea are steady.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, SB©9ooj River Reds
60(if70c; Burbanks, 60@SOc per sack; Oregon Bur
banks, 60c(g$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 50Q1 65 for
Merced; New Potatoes, Volunteer, l@2c.
ONJONS— JI 25' ( tl 75 »er otl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2' / 4@4c per lb;
String Beans, s@7c; Cabbage, 40!&50c: Los An
peles Tomatoes, %\<a\ 50; Ktrc Plant from Los
Angeles, ; Dried Okra, 12V£c per lb; Gar
lic. 6©7 c; Green PepperH from Loa Angeles, 4@
5c for Chile and 10c for Bell; Dried Peppers, S@
]0c: Ovrcts. 3U^»4(!r ncr sack: L'is Angeles Sum
mer Squash, 50@$l 25 per box;; Marrowfat
Squash, $li(jj2o per toh.
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Eastern arrived yesterday,
making only five thus far this week. The mar
ket is in good shape, owing to the moderate re
ceipts, and stocks are kept well cleaned up.
Dressed Turkeys are doing better. Game is
firm, at about the same prices.
POULTRY— Live TuiKt-ys. 12®13c for Gob
blers and 12H13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
12(g16c; Geese, per pair, $1 73@2; Goslings, $1 75
©2; Ducks, $4^5 for old and *4<Jrs lor young;
Hens. $3 Miff* 50; Young Roosters, $5@5 50; Old
Roosters. Hssl 50; Fryers, $4 oOJio; Broilers. $4
&i 50 for large and *»3@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
Jl 50 per dozen fnr old and $2 BO©* for squabs.
GAME— Quail $1 23@1 50; Mallard. J4*?s; Can
vasback. $3(f}s; Spric. $3<S3 50; Teal. $2; Wid
geon, |2 25@2 50; Small Duck, $150@175; Doves,
75c per dozen; Hare, $1 50® I 75; Rabbltß, $1 25@
2- Gray Geese, 13 50®4; White, $1 50@l 75; Brant,
$1 73@3; Honkers, $4 50^5; English Snipe, $2 50©
3 r>er dozen; Jack SniDe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese' and Eggs.
The Butter market Is being demoralized by a
fight between several dealers who are paying
more In the country than they can possibly sell
for here. Other dealers are obliged to enter the
fight, and thus the market Is at sea. When the
contesting houses get tired of fighting the mar
ket will probably settle to the basis where it
belongs. t
Cheese Is weak and dull. Eggs are rather
LOCAL MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. January 25.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Es<£ hours from Port
land, via Astoria '0' 2 hours.
Mmr Point Arena," Hensen. 20 hours fmra.
Memii>eino. etc.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. 2S hours from Monterey.
ScatTl* kelson. Anderson. ICO hours from
' st t mr 9°° s Ca >'- «lelow. 72 hours from New
port and way ports
Ne^ns^a 6 :-. Th °" cn ' ~ day » fr ° m
Schr Gem. Nelson. ? days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
B ,_. T - .„, _ Thursday. January 23.
alf^Perklns t^ oo C ° Uain *- Vl «°^- «c: Good-
Jd" SSk^-fiSfifc** 1 ? aad Honolulu;
Djnsmuir^onTco 3 - PedCT3en ' !IaB * tmO: R
D*!kck*.lf ?'%£%?• Eerteßshoa ' Hll °* *
SAILED.
__ ';_ Thursday. January 25.
Stmr Ruth, Lundquist, .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego*
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridget*:. Ventura.
Stmr Greenwood. Fecerlund. .
Stmr Excelsior. Downir.sr. .
Stmr Pennsylvania. Broornhead. Manila.
Stmr Progreso. Zoning, Tacoma.
Nor stmr Tellug. Pedersen, Nanalno.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bras^.
Br stmr Moana. Carey. Honolulu and Syd
ney.
Br baxk BankleJsh. Evans. Queenstown.
Schr Fortuna. Luberg:, Eureka
Schr C T Hill. Hansen. HHlo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 23. W p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE. velocity 6 m!le3.
SPOKEN-
No date, lat 37 S, 1-m 13 W— Fr bark St Anne.
henoe Nov 15, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA. Jan 25— The stmr Miami while
going to sea this morning from Oyster Harbor
went aground and is a total loss. The water
Is breaking over her boilers and she 19 break-
Ins in two.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 21-Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Jan 21. Jan 25— Stmr Willamette, hence
Jan 21.
Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Utopia, for Skaguay Jan,
Tj— Stmr Cottage City, for Skaeuay.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Whites
boro. hence Jan 24.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 23— Schr Webfoot.
hence Jan 16; schr Guide, hence Jan 13
Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Arcata. for San Fran
cisco: stmr Homer, for San Fraactsco. via
Eureka.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr State of
California, hence Jan 23; Br bark Belinont,
from Honskon™.
Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Geo W Elder, for San,
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan I%— Schr Volant, for
Greys Harbor; stmr Despatch, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 25— Strr.r Fulton, for
San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND-Arrived Jan 25— Stmr West
port, hence Jan 13. Jan 24— Stmr Rival, hencs
Jan 20.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
wethers. $4 Eo@s; lambs, $5@C CO; Western weth
ers, U 40@4 00; Western lambs, $5 75@b 60.
Receipts— Cattle 10 COO; hogs, 32.C00; sheep.
15,000.
LONDON, Jan. 25.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 80S6 were offered and were largely medi
um heavy wools Queenstown greasy sold at
the highest rates of the season. Swan
River was strongly supported by the home
trade and Continental buyers. Fine greasy
crossbreds were secured by Amerlra while
sllpes scoured were freely absorbed by the
home trade. The sale will close to-morrow.
Nezv York Metal Market,
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.— Buyers and sellers div
come together In a large lot way in the metal
market to-day and the situation In Its entirety
was not changed to speak of. The cable and
Western market news about harmonized wun
local market ideas At the close the Metal bx
change called:
PIGIRON-Warrants. dull.
LA KE COPPER-Unchanped at $16 aO
TlN— Quiet, but firm, at $27 M) nominal.
LEAD— Steady with SI TO bid and $1 ft asked.
The brokers 1 price for lead is H 45 and for cop
per $16 SO.
SPELTER— Firm, with $< 70 bid and Ji SO
asked.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. 25.— Clearings, $291,063;
balances, $73,969.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Tan. 25 —The local Wheat mar
ket Is practlca..y unchanged. Walla Walla
Is quoted at 51<3J2c- valley at 50c and bluestem
at 52@53c.
Foreign wheat fhipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 321,220 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 25— No change In Wheat;
club, 61c; bluestem, 53c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 25.— Consols, 101 13-16; silver,
27% d; French rentes, IOOf 10c. Wheat cargoes
on* coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady: cargoes No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 295: English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL Jan. 25.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 standard California. 6s 2>^d; wheat In Paris,
steady; flour In Paris, steady; French country
markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 25.— WHEAT— Futures
closed quiet; March. 5s 9%d; May, 5s S%d.
CORN— Spot, Amerjcan mixed, new firm,
3s 5%d; old, firm, 3s 5%d. Futures, steady;
January, 3s h\d- February, 3s 5%d; March,
3s sd.
New York Grain and Produce.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Offlce. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 25, 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlne was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 130 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. . m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. In charge.
8
Sun rises
Sun sets ¦
Moon rises 3:06 a.
..7:13
..5:28
i- m.
fi Time! Time Time ; Time
b Ft. Ft. Ft.
<? L, W H W I> W II TV
Ft.
26 023 3.2 6:31 5.5 1:05 0.1 9:30
27 "" 1:34 3.2 7:31 5.6 2:55|— 0.3 10:15
•>« 236 3.2 8:30 6.8 3:40—0.6 10:55
29 "" 330 3.0 9:2S 6.0 4:24—0.7 11:32
so"' 422 2.7 10:21 6.0 5:05 0.7
"¦ h W It. TV H TV L W
31 0:09 5.2! 5:1.1 2.2 11:16 6.0 5:45-
1 " 0:45 5.3 6:04) 1.9 12:10 5.7 6:25
4.0
4.3
4.6
5.0
|-0.»
| 0.0
steamer. from. I Jtnie.
Matteawan Comox [Jan. 2»i
Homer Portland (Jan. 2ii
Miami Departure Bay jjan. 27
Corona San Diego Jan. 27
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 27
Curacao Msxlco Jan- 11
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 27
Orizaba Humboldt Jan. 37
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Jan. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 27
Tlllamcok TUlamook jjan. 27
San Pedro |;San Pedro iJan. 2s
Bristol lOyster Harbor [Jan. 2S
Volumnla |Hamburg (Jan. 29
Bonlta iNewport 'Jan. a
Samoa |Humboldt |Jan. 30
Nippon Jlarru... China and Japan |Jan. 30
Australia Honolulu |Jan. 30
State of Ca1.... Portland IJan. 3<>
Lady Jolcey China and' Japan Jan. 30
Albion Crescent City Jan. 30
Santa Rosa |San Diego Jan. 31
San Bias IPanama •. Jan. 31
South Portland Oyster Harbor Jan. 31
Willamette Seattle Jan. 31
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 31
Point Arena — Point Arena Feb. 1
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 1
Walla Walla. . . Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 1
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 2
Czarina Puget Sound Feb. 2
Columbia Portland Feb. I
Steamer. Destlnatlc
iamoa Humboldt.
ia
ion.
Sal
:s.
.Jan. 26. 10 am Pier 13
Umatilla .
Coos Hay..
Pt. Arena.
..IVlc & Pgt Sd.l
..Newport
...'Point Arena..!
[Jan.
Jan.
[Jan.
i. 28. 10 a ,
. 27, 9 a
• 27. 2o i
J
v
C. Nelson.
..IPuset Sound.. 1
'Jan.
Centennial
I (Kahulul rJ
.. If, spi
• 27. 12 ,
I
Coquille R
tvjGrays Harbor;
• i". *p:
Columbia .
..|Portland i
San Pedro.
..iHumboldt '
Arcata ...
Orizaba ...
. .[Humboldt !
Colon
..(Panama '
Corona
A. Blanch.
North Forl
..'San Diego '
'd^Cccs Bay '
•killumboldt
]Jan.
'Jan.
(Jan.
tmPier
tm Pier
Bonita ....
i.jSaa Pedro !
Queen
Doric
Lady Joiee'
..Jvic & Pm Sd! 1
.. China jt Japan!
utiij- joice;
Pomona ...
Ststa r>r r-a
ty.cnina & Japan
..;San Diesjo j
Sun rises
Sun sets ¦
Moon rises 3:06 a.
..7:13
..5:28
i- m.
fi Time! Time Time ; Time
b Ft. Ft. Ft.
<? L, W H W I> W II TV
Ft.
26 023 3.2 6:31 5.5 1:05 0.1 9:30
27 "" 1:34 3.2 7:31 5.6 2:55|— 0.3 10:15
•>« 236 3.2 8:30 6.8 3:40—0.6 10:55
29 "" 330 3.0 9:2S 6.0 4:24—0.7 11:32
so"' 422 2.7 10:21 6.0 5:05 0.7
"¦ h W It. TV H TV L W
31 0:09 5.2! 5:1.1 2.2 11:16 6.0 5:45-
1 " 0:45 5.3 6:04) 1.9 12:10 5.7 6:25
4.0
4.3
4.6
5.0
|-0.»
| 0.0
Umatilla .
Coos Hay..
Pt. Arena.
..IVlc & Pgt Sd.l
..Newport
...'Point Arena..!
[Jan.
Jan.
[Jan.
i. 28. 10 a ,
. 27, 9 a
• 27. 2o i
J
v
C. Nelson.
..IPuset Sound.. 1
'Jan.
Centennial
I (Kahulul rJ
.. If, spi
• 27. 12 ,
I
Coquille R
tvjGrays Harbor;
• i". *p:
Columbia .
..|Portland i
San Pedro.
..iHumboldt '
Arcata ...
Orizaba ...
. .[Humboldt !
Colon
..(Panama '
Corona
A. Blanch.
North Forl
..'San Diego '
'd^Cccs Bay '
•killumboldt
]Jan.
'Jan.
(Jan.
tmPier
tm Pier
Bonita ....
i.jSaa Pedro !
Queen
Doric
Lady Joiee'
..Jvic & Pm Sd! 1
.. China jt Japan!
utiij- joice;
Pomona ...
Ststa r>r r-a
ty.cnina & Japan
..;San Diesjo j
steamer. from. I Jtnie.
Matteawan Comox [Jan. 2»i
Homer Portland (Jan. 2ii
Miami Departure Bay jjan. 27
Corona San Diego Jan. 27
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 27
Curacao Msxlco Jan- 11
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 27
Orizaba Humboldt Jan. 37
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Jan. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 27
Tlllamcok TUlamook jjan. 27
San Pedro |;San Pedro iJan. 2s
Bristol lOyster Harbor [Jan. 2S
Volumnla |Hamburg (Jan. 29
Bonlta iNewport 'Jan. a
Samoa |Humboldt |Jan. 30
Nippon Jlarru... China and Japan |Jan. 30
Australia Honolulu |Jan. 30
State of Ca1.... Portland IJan. 3<>
Lady Jolcey China and' Japan Jan. 30
Albion Crescent City Jan. 30
Santa Rosa |San Diego Jan. 31
San Bias IPanama •. Jan. 31
South Portland Oyster Harbor Jan. 31
Willamette Seattle Jan. 31
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 31
Point Arena — Point Arena Feb. 1
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 1
Walla Walla. . . Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 1
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 2
Czarina Puget Sound Feb. 2
Columbia Portland Feb. I
Steamer. Destlnatlc
iamoa Humboldt.
ia
ion.
Sal
:s.
.Jan. 26. 10 am Pier 13Fire in the Mission.
An alarm was turned in yesterday aft
ernoon about 3 o'clock for a flre which
was discovered In the residence of Mrs.
Muller, 2596 Howard street The fire had
gained considerable headway before the
department apparatus arrived on the
scene and the building, which Is a three
story structure, was considerably dam.
aged by the flames and water. The fur
niture, carpets and ornaments were also
damaged to the extent of several hun
dred dollars. The loss was covered by
Insurance.
FROM JAIL TO JAIL.
Private in the Regular Army Keeps
the Turnkeys Busy.
Elmer Jones, alias Frederick Wilson, a
private In the regular army, came out of
the County Jail yesterday and then went
back again. He had just finished serving
ten days for stealing a watch from a
friend, Henry Hackmeler, late sergeant in
the Fifty-first Ohio Volunteers.
Jones, who had deserted from the army,
found the ways of the world hard and
unsympathetic until he met Hackmeler a
few weeks ago. The latter took him to
his home, shared his bed and his food
with the soldier, and in return lost a
watch, which was pawned for $5. After
this Jones enlisted in the army under the
name of Wilson, but deserted again prior
to his arrest at the Instance of Hack
nieier.
When he was freed from jail yesterday
morning Jones was taken to Fort Mason,
where it was discovered that In addition
to being a deserter twice over, he had
stolen a suit of clothes from a member
of the regiment previous to his arrest for
the watch theft. Jones is In the County
Jail again.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 25.— The Alameda High School team
has accepted a challenge from the Stockton High
School nine to play a return match at basket ball,
The game will bn played at Stockton, February 21.
The first match between these teams, played in Decem
ber, ended in a tie, the score being oto 0. Now both
nine.*? are anxious for another game that the supremacy
may be decided. Interest in the coming match is already
great. Partisans of tho home team will journey to Stock
ton to cheer them on to what they think will be certain
victory. A large number will leave with the team Friday
evening by steamer for Stockton. The return will be
made Sunday.
The personnel and positions of the Alameda High,
School team are: L. Ray Jacobs, touch center; Vlda Me-
Kean, right center; Clara Houston, left center; Kathleen
Lenihan, Lima Schldor and Eva lioesch, home goals;
Ruth Hebard. Dorothy Bowen and Daisy Agar, guards;
Bertha Crawford, Marjory Lynch. Nellie Jamleson. Grace
Bruckman, substitutes. Vlda McKean 13 captain and Zona
Leonard is manager.
A game with the "Cardinals" of the San Francisco Y.
W. C. A. will be played March 4.
cry several months ago, in which he, W.
A Brandes and others were Implicated,
Eslabe exclaimed: "They talk about ma
being hard, but I'll tell you that Brandes
is a bad one, and my heart Is not half
as black as his. for I was not wholly re
sponsible for y*at I did."
ESLABE SAYS
HE WILL DIE
LIKE A MAN
THREE SUSPECTS
ARE CHARGED ON
THEIR RECORDS
He Will Be Executed
on April 23.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 25.
Before the sun sets on April 23 next
Joaquin Eslabe will have expiated his
crime on the gallows at San Quentln.
Judge Ogden for the second time pro
nounced the death sentence on the mur*
derer of Charles Gates to-day, and before
noon Deputy Sheriff Taylor was on hi 3
way to the penitentiary with the con
demned man.
Eslabe murdered Gates, who was a crip
ple. In the latter's tamale parlors. In a
l^fcement at Thirteenth street and Broad
way, early In 1898, with a piece of gas
pipe, beating his victim's brains out. On
May 24, IS9S, a jury convicted him of mur
der In the first degree and two weeks
later Judge Ogden pronounced the death
penalty; but the case was appealed and
execution stayed. A few days ago a r«>.
mittltur from the Supreme Court an~
nounced the affirmation of the Judgment
of the Superior Court.
When Eslabe appeared before Judge Og
den this morning, accompanied by Attor
ney W. B. White, his face wore a deathly
pallor. When the court asked whether
he had anything to say why sentence
should not be pronounced, Eslabe stam
mered: "No, I have nothing to say. My
attorney might speak." But Attorney
White was silent, and the court ordered
Eslabe to be. taken by the Sheriff to the
Warden at San Quentin and by the latter
"hanged by the neck until dead," the ex
ecution to take place between 10 a. m. and
6 p. m. on April 23.
While awaiting preparations for his im
mediate removal to San Quentln, Eslab*
declared, with sickly bravado, that he
"knew he would be cinched from the
start."
"But I am not afraid to die, he con»
tinued; "I will face the gallows like, a
man. I know my last chance Is gone, but
I'll be ready. They have treated me cruel
ly, not even allowing; my mother to see
me. and all my letters to her were stop-
P Veferrlng to the attempted jail dcliv-
GRIEF CAUSED INSANITY.
Mrs. O'Malley Loses Her Beason
Through Her Husband's Death.
The arrest, pending an examination as
an Insane person, of Mary O'Malley of 56
Minna street yesterday revealed a ense nf
more than pitiful circumstances. At tbe
request of the neighbors, the woman
taken In charge for fear she might kill
herself and her children.
" The unfortunate woman Is the mother
of a family of seven children, the oldest
of which is a boy of 13 years, while the
youngest is but 9 months old. The boy
works for a transfer company and givos
all his money to help support the family.
The father died last week after a short
illness and his widow refused to be com
forted. Her sorrow so preyed upon her
mind that she completely lost her reason,
and on Wednesday night was found wan
dering about the streets with a lighted
lamp In her hand calling for her husband.
The neighbors speak very highly of the
unfortunate woman, who, though the
mother of a large family, is still quite
young, and through their efforts the chil
dren were taken care of by the St. Jo
seph's School and the Youths' Directory.
More Hold-Ups Re
ported to Police.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Jan. 25.
The three suspects, Charles E. McCoy,
W. J. Downing and Fred Dannaker. who
have been In the Oakland City Prison for
some weeks awaiting an examination of
their records, will be charged with at
tempted burglary. Prior convictions will
be plaqed against McCoy and Downing.
These two have been repeatedly convicted
of crimes and have served terms In the
prisons of this State and of Montana f-jr
burglary and robbery. Their records have
been secured In full. There is no direct
testimony against them, but Chief of Po
lice Hodgkins claims to have strong cases
of circumstantial evidence, and will de
pend upon the records of the men to help
him out with a conviction.
John Nelson reported to-day at the po
lice station that he was held up by two
masked footpads on San Pablo avenue. In
Golden Gate. He had no money with him.
Raymond F. Hoagland, a driver for
Fisher's bakery, reported that he was neld
up yesterday morning at the corner of
Eleventh and Madison streets as he vv.is
starting out on an early delivery. The
footpads were masked. They secured all
the money Hoagland had with him.
ATHLETIC GIRLS OF ALAMEDA HIGH SCHOOL.
PRETTY BASKET-BALL PLAYERS
WILL DO BATTLE IN STOCKTON
A St. Louis woman lost her baby in a
department store waste basket while
rr. kklrg purchases.
The Sunday Call's Mag**
zinc Section Is Recognized as
the Standard of Excellence.
Struck by an Electric Car.
A horse ridden by Milton Hirschberger,
a young man residing at 677 William ave
nue, was struck by an electric car late
yesterday afternoon, and the animal and
its rider suffered severe Injuries. The
collision occurred on Kentucky streot,
near First avenue. Hlrschberger was
thrown to the ground and rendered un
conscious. He was taken to the office of
Dr. McLaughlin and later sent to his
borne In a patrol wagon.
Dewey Loses a Diamond.
Bert Field, colored, .was arrested last
night by Officer TV. H. Burkholder on a
complaint sworn to by Joseph Dewey,
charging him with grand larceny. Dewey
was drinking in a Mason-street saloon
and in a scuffle fell to the lioor. Field as
sisted him to regain his feet and it is al
leged that In the effort he slipped a $300
diamond ring off of Dewey's finger. The
gem was not found on the prisoner when
he was arrested. It is believed that he
passed it to a confederate, for whom the
¦police are now searchlnc.
Identified by a Ring.
MrH. C. S. Gegax of Dunsmulr tele
graphed to Coroner Cole last evening that
she believed the body of the man recov
ered from the bay Tuesday to be that of
her husband. The story told by the
woman is to .the effect that her husband
left home some days ago, saying he was
going to commit suicide. She read a de
scription of the effects found on the body
now at the Morgue, and found an account
of a ring which tallies with one worn by
her husband. She will arrive in San Fran
cisco to-day to claim the corpse.
Petty Thieves Caught.
Charles Woodruff, an ex-soldier, who
was employed as a waiter In the Cos
mopolitan Hotel at Fifth and Mission
streets, was arrested last night by De
tectives Ryan and ODea and booked at
the City Prison for petty larceny and
carrying a concealed weapon. The
prisoner occupied a room tn the hotel with
four other waiters and one of them
Louis Halstead, charged Woodruff with
stealing his revolver. The weapon was
found on the prisoner"* person. As the
owner of the pistol is loth to prosecute
the detectives placed a charge of carrying
a concealed weapon against him.
Louis Volmeer, a candymaker, was ar
rested by the same officers and charged
with petty larceny. His offense consist
ed of a. theft, ot,& bjcyple*
Conductor Burke Not Guilty.
Tobias Burke, a conductor on the Foi
eom street electric line, charged with bat
tery upon Mrs. Annie Welsh of 122 Ripley
street, was declared not guilty yesterday
by Police Judge Cabanlss. Mrs. Welso
was the only witness for the prosecution,
while the defendant testified in his own
behalf and was supported by the moto;-
man and a passenger, who admitted on
the stand that two of his sons were con
ductors on the Market street railway syo
tem.
Pilot Benson Sued.
Mrs. Kate Benson has sued her husband,
Benjamin C. Benson, for maintenance.
Mrs. Benson alleges that on October 1,
1899. her husband refused to provide her
with the common necessaries of life, and
has since refused, notwithstanding the
fact that he Is a pilot and earns a month
ly salary of $100.
Alide Schneck has sued D. O. Mills to
recover $10,000 damages for the death of
her husband, who was killed July 28. I*< 9.
In an elevator accident in the Mills build-
Ing.* :.:¦:'.':¦: :^- : '
Why
I Left
the
Church.
REV. J. C MjcINNES.
What Happened at Ra-
venscourt.
By EDGAR PICKEHNG.
Jn the
Sunday
Call.
JANUARY 28, 1900.
How Uncle Sam
Watcjies the Immi-
grant and Catches
the Smuggler.
WILL CARRY FREIGHT
AND ALSO PASSENGERS
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— The John L. Davie
Transportation Company to-day file.i ar
ticles of incorporation In the County
Clerk's office. The company Is organic!
for the purpose of engaging In the trans
portation of passengers and freight ty
boats and ferries in the waters of the
bays of San Francisco, San Pablo and Sul
sun and the rivers tributary. The capital
stock Is stated at $50,000, of which John
L. Davlo has subscribed J9OSO, the other
directors each subscribing $5. as follor.s:
J. M. Bassett. A. B. Dorrell, B. C. Robert
son and W. H. Rousell.
READY TO MUSTER IN.
Excellent Showing Made by the
"Fighting First" After Active
Duty,
At the request of Major General John H.
Dickinson, commanding 1 division, and
Brigadier General R. 11. Warfleld, com
manding Second Brigade, N. G. C, the of
ficers of the Fiifst Regiment Infantry, N.
G. C, met last evening In the banquet
room of the California Hotel to perfect
the details that still remain to be attend
ed to before the famous fighting regiment
will be ready to assume once more Its
position In the National Guard. .
Considering the demoralization that gen
erally attends the mustering out of a reg
iment after a year of active campaigning
at the front, the First Is to be compliment
ed on the showing it has made.
Of the original number of men who left
here with the regiment 706 had again re
ported for duty on the 30th of last No
vember, and so active and conscientious
have the company and staff oftlcers been
in the performance of their duties that
all that now remains for the regiment to
do In order to pass muster is to complete
the physical examination of a few or the
new men and to attend to one or two un
important formalities. It there was a call
for troops to-night the First California
Volunteers would be ready to take a
transport to-morrow morning as far a 9 Its
drill and readiness for active service la
concerned.
A surgeon will be In attendance at both
the regimental and Ellis-street armories
on Monday and Tuesday evenings next
By that time everything, it is thought"
will have been completed and the end of
next week will see the regiment once more
In its old place among the defenders of the
State.
Fruit-Growers to Assemble.
HAYWARDS. Jan. 23.— A meeting of the
fruit growers of the vicinity of Haywards.
San Leandro and San Lorenzo has beon
called, to be held at the Town Hal! next
Saturday afternoon. The purpose of the
gathering will be to discuss the advisa
bility of joining the State Growers' Asso
ciation.
SOCIALIST LABOR PARTY.
The San Francisco section of the So
cialist Labor party gave one of Its regu
lar weekly lectures on social and
economic subjects last evening at the
Academy of Sciences Hall. Market street.
There was a large audience, and much in
terest was manifested. The principal
speaker was James Andrews of Berkeley,
whose subject was "Environment." He
handled his argument in a manner that
gave evidence of considerable study, and
the points he made In favor of the so
cialist doctrines were thoroughly appre
ciated by the audience.
C. H. King Sr. presided over the meet
ing. Preceding the address by Mr. An
drews there was a reading by C. H. King
Jr. and a recitation by Charles Noble.
Sanborn Granted Nonsuit.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— Judge Ellsworth
to-day granted a nonsuit In the action
of Kimball G. Easton againat "Warren G.
Sanborn and others. The suit is one of
many relating to certain Berkeley street
assessments uf two years ago. and the
granting of the nonsuit virtually knocks
out all of them.
FRANK L COOMBS WAS
THE GUEST OF HONOR
OAKI/AXD. Jan. 23.— Frank I^. Coombs,
grand second vice president of the Na
tive Sons, was banqueted last evening
by Brooklyn Parlor, the occasion beinjj
his annual official visit. During the even-
Ing Mr. Coomb* delivered an eloquent ad
dress on the growth of the order, predict
ing that It will continue an important fac
tor In the future affairs of the State, aa
it had in the past. Toasts were responded
to by John J. Xagrle, Lloyd P. Larue. R.
D. Barton, James B. McKeon and Harry
Williams. TV. P. Geary read a paper his.
torlcal of Brooklyn Parlor's work: Don
Barr, C. K. Townsend and TV. R. George
gave vocal solos, and Eugene Colby
played several violin selections. Many
representatives from brother parlors were
present.
WATER IS STRUCK
NEAR REDWOOD PEAK
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— The Realty Syndi
cate has struck a 300,000-gallon flow of
water on Its land near Redwood Peak. The
syndicate has been working- since last
August to find a gocd flow of water at
such an elevation that it could be piped
over its land on the sldehllls. During
that month a contract was made with
Williams Brothers, who have been run
ning a tunnel into the hill ever since. The
water was struck at a depth of 400 feet In
the hill, and It is now flowing at the rate
of SOO.OuO gallons a day.
RACCONI BREAKS HIS
ARM ON WOODS' HEAD
Fights Three Bounds After Receiving
the Injury, But Is Finally-
Forced to Quit.
OAKLAND. Jan. 25.— Pete Racconl of
the Olympic Club broke his left arm in
his go with Billy Woods before the Re
liance Athletic Club to-night. The men
were engaged In a 10-round boxing match.
In the second round Racconi landed . a
peculiar blow wltn his left on the side of
Woods" head, when one of the bones near
hla left wrist snapped.
Painful as the injury must have been.
Racconl continued for three more rounds
when ho was compelled to make known
the fact of his mishap. • The decision was
awarded to Woods.
In the other two ten-round contests
Jockey Maynard of Oakland was given
the decision over Billy Murnane of San
Francisco, and Ed Smith of Oakland was
given the decision over David Barry of
Son Francisco. Frank Cerinl and Jack
Kitchen acted as referees. There was a
large attendance.
IMPURE WATER
BEING SERVED
TO OAKLANDERS
Attempt to Smother
Reports.
•
EXCUSE OF MAYOR SNOW
Product of Lake Chabot and tha
Dingw Wells at Alvarado Are
Shown to Be Unfit for
Use.
•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Jan. 25.
The quality of water furnished by the
Contra Costa Water Company to the titi
wn« of Oakland is not good. This is
shown by the analyeis of the water made
b> the city chemist, made by the order of
Mayor Snow. Two tests were made— one
Of the water from Lake Chabot. which
shows fermentation, and the other from
the Dingee wells at Alvarado. which
shows an unusual amount of salt anil
sediment.
These analyses were made by the re
tiring city chemist. Mr. Tolman. and were
furnished to Mayor Snow, who refused
to give them to the public on the ground
that such reports would Injure the city,
and it would be better to remedy the evil
without publicity. Councllmen Cuvellier
and Olrard to-*lay secured an opinion
from City Attorney Dew that these re
ports were public documents, and armed
with this they secured, the reports and
made them public. The reports show that
the water supplied to the city is In a very
bad condition.
The sample of water from Lake ChaV>t
wns taken from the house of Councilman
Cuvellier and Is analyzed as follows:
Free ammonia. .ISB parts per million; a'bu
mtnoM ammonia, .238 parts p*r million; oxy
gen consumed. 5.70 parts per million; total sol
ids. 11.39 grains per gallon; chlorine. .10 grata
per gallon: nitrates, traces: nitrites, slight.
This water presumably camp* from Lake Cha
bot and shows a decided change from the same
water of last summer and Indicates probablft
fermentation, as Indicated by the free ammo
nia and nitrites and nitratia. The albuminoid
ammonia In this is abov« the limit allowable
for drinking water. The turbidity 1» not much
greater than la usual at. other seasons. The
odor on heating Is quite Strong and also Indi
cating fermentation. Armlytls made by I*. M.
Tolman.
The water from th*» Dinge© wells was
taken from the residence of Councilman
Girard, and the report reads:
The water from Mr, Glrard'a residence was
quite different. Thei,fe was a heavy, coarse
eediment. which settled readily on standing.
The sanitary analysis was quite different from
the others and vas evidently not from
the same source. There was an excessive
amount of common salt In the water, which
leads one to think It might have com* from
th» Dlngee wella. There was an excessive
amount of albuminoid ammonia and If the wa
ter comes from the Dinaree wells it shows that
the walrr must have been contaminated from
some scftirca.
Free ammonia. .045 parts per gallon: albu
minoid ammonia, .164 parts per gallon; total
solids. 45 grains per gallon; oxyxpn absorbed.
2.55 parts p«r gallon: chlorine, 9.35 grains per
gallon.
The old water fight of years ago will
probaJSly b« renewed, and as this Is th*
time when the Council fixes th© wat^r
rates the fight Is likely to be on In full
force within a very short period of time.
COMPLICATIONS
ARISE OVER A
CITIZENSHIP
New Phase of Bridge
Controversy.
R. PERCY WRIGHTS INTENTION
He Brings Suit as an Alien and Is
Practicing as an Attorney
in the State
Courts.
?
Oakland OfHce San Francisco Ca'.l,
9CB llroadway. Jan. 25.
The citizer.ship of an attorney iias en
tered into th<> controversy that i;* now
heing waged In the courts over the Web
ster street CriiwLridge. ¦ A few days ago
K. Percy WrltM, an attorney of San
Francisco, acting as a foreign plaintiff,
brought suit in the United States Circuit
Court to restrain the Alameila County
13nard of Supervisors from paying Cotton
Brothers the 132,000 yet due on the con
tract for the building of that bridge. Now
an investigation is being made into the
relationship which Mr. Wright bears to
this country in order to see whether he
can maintain an action in the United
States courts. The result of these inves
tigations to date show a somewhat
tangled condition of affairs with regard
to Mr. Wright's citizenship. Air. Wright
is an Englishman by birth, but has been
a resident of California for a. number of
years.
About a dozen or fifteen years ago the
State Legislature passed a law which al
lowed foreign-born attorneys to practice
In the courts of the State as soon as they
had declared their intention of becoming
citizens of this country. Under this law
quite a number of foreign-born attorneys
aeclared their intentioa of becoming citi
zens of the United States, and were there
upon admitted to practice In the State
courts. Among tnese was K. Percy
Wright, who has been practicing in the
courts of California under that authoriza
tion for a dozen years or more, liut Mr.
AVrlght never did more than to declare
his intention of becoming a citizen.
Though the years have passed he has
never fulfilled his intention, and tnia is
admitted in the suit that ne brings in San
Francisco over the Alameda County
bridge. In order to bring the suit within
the jurisdiction of the Federal courts he
was compelled to set forth that he was
not a citizen of this country-
Now the contest over the bridge has be
come so bitter that this matter of history
will he brought up, and it will be charged
by those whom Wright has sued that
either he is not entitled to practice In the
State courts because of his failure to ful
fill his intention and become a citizen or
he is not entitled to bring this suit In the
Federal courts because he is or should be
a citizen.
PROJECT FOR
BOND ISSUE
IS LAUNCHED
Committee of Hun
dred Organized.
*
AN ENTHUSIASTIC MEETING
Other Officers Zlccted and Arrar^r
mer.ts Kade to Push the Work
With a Vigor That Insures
Success.
Oatelard Offlc? San Frar.rlsrn Call.
*3J Croqdway. Jan. J5.
Tho Conmittco of One llu!:drc-<l. which
has undertaken th«? task of shaping the
j repesed band issue a-.id placing !i before
.<:e ;x-cp'.c :n such form as will command
iitter.tioTi end enlist the hearty support
c* the rommunity. held an enthusiastic
and largely attended meeiirg in t!if rcom.i
. I the Board of Trade to-n&ht for trie
purpose cf effecting a permanent organ
ization.
The ermmitteo is composed of rrpre-
Ecntatlre citizens of Oakland, and th«!r
bC'icrtion v.us largely th<- work of Senator
r. S, btratLon ati.i a few otnei (entietnen
tt'ho met !ast w<"k to make tn*- final ar
ransements for launching ih^ !«!g project.
The full membership is as foliows:
I>r. X 1^ Adams Charles R. Allen. Edson
F. Adan-.y, B. T. Alexander, p. W. B-Ilir.Kali.
T. L. Barker E. K. U»-ane». !ra Bishop, clus
Hp-kert, 1 I I«.a^. Kr»^l L BuUOO, lir. F. b.
V,'<*J*. P. E Bowles, •'. 3 Booth. H. M. Bralre.
• T< ~hn A. Uritton. John L. Bromley. X O.
Drown, J. C. llullork, A. W. Kurre'.l. H. J.
Jiroj.hy. F. E. UriEhair. W. .<. Baxter. F. L.
llrown. <.!:Hriey lion. K«r. C H. Brown. <!. IZ.
Urinckcrhoff. A. H. Babcoc*. liev. R. F.
C : '.-. ll v. <'ri?t. a Canaan, X. Collins.
H. 11. Ohanibfrlaln W. P. <>urtney. C A.
< hichester I». JMward Col'.ltn. <Jf-orje H.
oliins. T. C. Coojran. W. H. rhirkennn.
Ttoonuui Cr»lHn. r>onald Y. Campbell. William
i: l'a\:s, TtaonUL* D«a««", W. C U de Fremery.
l.'v. E. R. l>ille. M. M. I>unn. O.uv C. Earl,
• C. Kdwardf. <harle« Elsey. Henry
;:»t^. Dr. J F-arn. W. H. Frien.i. l>r. N. K.
Foster, O, E. Fain -hiM. <J. W. Fl«B#r. H. M.
F.tzperald. Oilte H. Or«y. W. W. Oarthwait.
•> <-,io r . i>r. c. L. Goddsrd. Edwin tiood-
H F <;.nlon. John li. tHascocfc. Key. C.
]•: H bart. S. P. !!a:i Hash Hamilton, J. M.
tUvens. IV. o. Henchaw. F. W. H^nrhaw. E.
A. Heron, Can* H"ward. John I* Howard. C.
11. Haven, <J. E. EUwlejr E. M. Hail. I>r. T.
W. H»5l. John l\ Iris!.. John D. Isaacs. 1..
D. Inckwp. J. A. Johnston. <:. H. King. Sol
Karn. H. Komtr. 11. J. Keller. H. G. Kendall.
C, W Kfilpp. F. I. Kendall. W. P. I^mon. F.
X Leach, >; E. Luker.s. Uicnarl Lflrman. F.
W. I^iimu. C. F. l^irTar.-e. A. P. Macdnna'.d.
a. Merle, it. J Montstancty. S. li. Mrl^fnegan.
l-fev. j B. UcKally. Walter Meese. Ilev. J. K.
Ucl>an, A. A Mo^.r*. Major J. H. Mhoon. Cal
•'rt Meade Rev Thomas McSwerney, Jarr.es
Moffltt, \V C Mile*. WJlltam Mnller. Albeit
fcIUW 'Jf «re- P. Morrow \V. J. Mathews. H
P •!.knii<-an. James MlHer. A. H. McDonald.
X I" MoF^eley. J W. Nelson. H. H. North.
K. B. o ? ,icn. F. S. CteCOOd. W. U Oliver. V.'at
r*-n Oln»-y. T. E. Pop* 1 . C K. Palmer. Thomas
I'rathpr. Georrc C I'.irdee, J. W. Pfaltllps, W.
F. J'iPrre. G W. T*«rcy. H. A. Powell. A. J.
!:.-»-J \\ . I Heed. W. H. <juinn. C. H. Kedinp
ton. Hey 11. N. Kay. I". M. I>mil!ard. J. D.
Rfchardaon, Oeors«-Bocth, William !t-jtherfo r <!.
Oorm*. W. Keed. \V A Itouse. iFaac Regua.
If. M Ranborn. H<-rhfrt Swift. J. \Y. Kcott.
A. S-hiHinp, W. P. Plattery-. F. M. Smith. F.
P. Stratti n. J K. Pmalhnan. J. H. Simpson.
Louif T-yh'-ira. H. C Tart. J. P. Taylor. H.
O. Trc:»-hrl.l(T". Mark Thnmae. John Trotter,
•v. ?»..,, A«^Jrh rht, f J. von-Ix>b»n
eeljt, J J. Val<>nt:ne. K. M. Waifh Oorce H.
«h«t--.. \V. H. Watkinn. Dr. P. L. Wheeler.
W. V Witcher. A. L. Wh'.te. J. S. Wixon. H.
Watt. William Walsh. E. <\ Williams. Alexan
der Your.g. John Yul». R. T). Velland.
Scr.atrr Ftratton called the m«>pting to
order and made a pracrful little Fpeech in
which ho said that this movement repre
s«»nted th<^ dawning of Oakland's prosper
ity, and ho n-prftted that the extra ses
sion of the I^-jrjsiaturp would takp him
away from active work for th<T bonds. He
tht'n proposed that a complete organiza
tion be effected at once, and a set of by
l.-iwp uraa adf>j»tf»d providing for ofHcers,
puti-oommittccs and regular dues. Two
thirds of the moml>r-rp of the commit
!f" were present, and the absentees sent
Utters of regret. Warren Olney was cho
sen chairman without a dissenting voice,
and he made a short address.
"Senator Stratton has w<-ll paid that
this is the dawning of Oakland's pros
perfty.*' s-a'd Mr. Olner. "This is the
most important move that haF been made
for the city sin<-<« its organization fifty
rears ago. We must go about this with a
¦:> t.rrtii nation to work and to accomplish
something. We can hopo for but little
from political moves and from political
bodies, but Each a move as this can com
mand succrss if we will bend our ener
n<? to work. Sow is the time to do
something for Oakland."
The* other officers were then elected as
follows: Fim vice president. John A
Uritton; second vice president J S
Wixon; third vice prudent. A. Bchilling;
F^cretary. H. F. Gordon; treasurer, D. Ed
ward Collins.
The by-laws provide for an executive
committee of seven, one from each ward
which Chairman Olney asked a few days'
Sim* to select. John A. Urittnn suggested
That it was best to get right down to
work, and he mov-d that a sub-rommit
tee of five be namr-d to take in hand earn
rroposfd bond question, gather data upon
it. and finally present a report to the
general body of what they deemed best
for submission to the people.
On motion of Captain Gooda.ll, the sub
comrr.itte« was reduced to three members,
md Chairman Olney asked time in which
to report those names.
The meeting: closed with sppprhps by
Oiles H. Gray. J. M. Haven. Captain
OoodsJl. John A. Hritton. J. P. Wixon. K.
)j. Chamberlain, Sol Kahn and others.
CHILD'S TERRIBLE DEATH.
Thomas Hoeck Crushed to Death by a
San Mateo Electric Car.
Thomas Iloeck, four an 4 a half years
cf age. was knocked down by a car of
th« San Mateo Elrctrlc Railroad yester
day afternoon on Bryant street, near
Seventh, and before the car could b#»
ftopp^d the unfortunate child was
dragged to death.
The little boy had crossed the street
from the residence of his grandfather.
Thomas Laughran, ?19 Bryant street, and
was about to return when the car bore
Oown on him. The- child peomed unmind
ful of the approaching danger and made
r.o effort to save Itself, and though the
wotorman applied the brakes with all
posidbte *p«"eu, the little one was struck.
l.y the car and hurled to the ground.
As soon as the car was brought to a
rtop Conductor Ginity picked the child up
and carried it to the sidewalk, where the
grandfather, who had come from his
home to look for the little one, stood
speechless with horror.
William E. Irwin, the motcrman,
jun.ped and ran from the scene in all
haste, but was soon overtaken by Of
ficer O'Callahan and brought back. Cry
jr.g and tearing his hair, he declared that
he ;:ad done his best to prevent the ac
<-i«ient. He was taken to the City Prison
and charged with manslaughter, but was
later released on bail. Mr. Irtvin declared
he did not see the boy until his car was
crlthln ten feet of him; that he made
< j ver>- effort to bring his car to a stop in
time to prevent the accident, but it was
impossible. He said he had turned off
the current before reaching the scene
and the oar was comj>letely under his
control, but the suddenness of the child's
appearance in front of the car prevented
him from avoiding striking him. He said
the car warn provided with a fender, but
that th<« child's body was bo small that
th» fender pa. c «ed over it.
The mother of the child keeps a small
confectionary store on Twenty-ninth
•¦treet'and resides with her father at f»l9
Bryant etreet. She has been a widow for
three ;cars.
OAKLANDERS IN
FULL SYMPATHY
WITH THE BOERS
Big Mass-Meeting at
Germania Hal.
SPEAKERS LOUDLY CHEERED
Resolutions Adoi";t:d Dtnov.ncing the
Wcr in the Trassvr.a! end Re
pudiating Suggestions of
Friendship for Engir.:::d.
Oakland Office San Fraa-lsco Call.
i"OS Broadway, Jan. 25.
Gcnran'a Hail was fjlied to overflow
ing tt-:i:r!'t at the n:eetlr>.£ trilled to ex
press sympathy for the Boers. The au
dience was enthusiastic to the Inst degree
and Tiansvaal flaps and Oom i'aul but
tons were seen everywhere.
Burd'-tte Cornell cai'.ed tho meeting to
rrdrr and Miss Sannie Kruceri a niece
ct Oom Paul, sang a Boer ar.:hem. Mr.
Cornel! then introduced Mayor R. \V.
Snow as the chairman of the evening.
Mr. Snow said In part:
Under the Ptars and Stripps we are wont
to mtrt together whenever we cnoose to
dlicuu our own afTairs. A little republic In
Bcutb Air.ca is likely to l>e w.ped irr.m the
mrj>. absorbed by the Kreed cf a powerful
Doaarcby. The relationship is close. We
n.ako ,t <>ur affair and neet together to dls-
cufch it. It is undoubtedly the purpose of
• rod that all the world shall ultimately teem
with men. It is al»o decreed— l care not
whfthtr you admit that a Supreme Being
has accrtv-l it or not— lt is decreed by the
better man himself, the man whom you re
*p«-ct r.bov<* all others among your lellows,
that men Ehall k.ve one another. Acknowl
edgment O f th<? nKh , F n ( men is love. There
is no j-art of love in injustice. When men
are unjust you are ofl>ndf.l. If the right
16 civ«n to you to mak<* the laws you Ftrlp
the offender of his power. Mon of peare
trarh us to meet injustice with prayer end
petition; others bid us to meet it by a call
to arms. Our fathers taught us to do both,
and I marvol at the forsetfulness and te
nirrity of England, that she dare at this
hour to renew the contest with a fiehtlne
man who also r'rays.
Th^y pay that the Afrikander never move;!
with the centuries; that the greedy r.in^
tffnth-century Englishman has discovered
him in the seventeenth. This mny be In a
sense true. Inate&d «>t the r*verl!<li anxiety
to rtow rich kly he tinds a man delight
ing in his isolation, loving his bare, wide
veldt where his rifle is also his shepherds
crook. The inlander would fain make him
rich against his will; Insists upon the adop
tion of a new regime— his regime. A vlgor
otu writer under this regime gays that the
I Itlander's Johannesburg "stinks of
money.*'
The land of the Transvaal was discovered
to be rich In gold— gold for another 100 years
at the rate of $130,000,000 a year— and also
rich in c.vi and Iron. Then the Jamesun
raid, for which England said: VI am not
respotttibU": then the petition of March of.
lnst ye»r ')>• ir2,000 UHlatuler mon?y-getters,
asking that the Queen of England require a
republic to admit as citizens aa outnumber
ire horde.
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills, pastor of the
Urst fnitarian Church, was the next
speaker. He was frequently cheered and
said in part:
I pymrathize with the Bo«>rs. but not be
<-HU.*e I believ* that Groat Hritaln is all
won*. I recognize the noble character and
achievement* of the I3riUnh j.*>ejile. I do
net think that her leaiiinc statesr.ien have
IT"*". * lulr >K UP nights for years planning
bloodthln-ty attacks upon the libtrties of
«»akor rations. But in an evil hour, her
worst enemies are In power, and the true
Enflar.J is misrepresented by her false
leaders.
Neither do I sympathize, with the Boers
because I think that they are all right. I
do not doubt that they have their faults and
that In many ways they have been un
jirogr^sjive and out of harmony with the
spirit of the age. In this contest my sym
pathies are with the Afrikanders who stand
representing- the fundamental principle of
human liberty.
England has clearly been the aggressor.
Th» I nited States has as much right to dic
tate law in the Klondike or In Mexico,
which are beinc developed by American
capital, as Great Britain has In the Trans
vaal.
Uoe« the Intolerant, bloodthirsty, military
Fplrlt truly represent Kngland? Is a selfish,
greedy, grasping, ambitious, monocled sur
vivcr cf aristocratic tyranny— ln he Eng
land? Do not believe It. Great Britain con
tains people good, bad an-1 indifferent but
the truly Great Britain is as much above
the Khod»ses and Chamberlains as the real
America Is superior to her plutocrats and
politicians.
Do you know that Herbert Spencer, John
Morley. Edward Calrd. George Meredith,
Frederick Harrison and CO.f'OO of the best
men In England signed a ringing protest
against the war? Do you know that the
congregation of the most popular preacher
In London hooted him the other day because
he tried to Justify this conflict? Have you
heard from "Good old Ireland and how doe»
.loaquin Miller made a stirring address,
concluding with a recitation of a poem to
the Boers. Albert Curlin, Stephen Nye
and Judge M. Cooney of San Fra/iclsco
made short addresses, and resolutions
were adoptr-d extending the warmest sym
pathy of the citizens of Oakland to the
Boers, condemning the Government of
Grrat Britain, the hereditary foe of lib
erty and the oppressor of small nations,
and repudiating the assertions of friend
ship for England made by pretended rep
resentatives of this free republic. In con
clusion the resolutions declare that the
South African republics are but uphold
ing the truest principles of lofty patriot
ism of this country, which claims for it
self "the right in its own territory, in Its
own time nnd in its own way to work
out its own destiny, free from all inter
ference from alien races."
SWALLOWS CARBOLIC ACID.
Louise Bernero Quarrels With Her
Husband and Commits Suicide.
I,ou!se Bernero, a young married
woman, swallowed the contents of a bot
tle of carbolic acid yesterday afternoon
at her home, 7 Chambers place, a small
street off Lombard street, between Powell
and Mason, and died in a few minutes in
great agony.
According to the reports of the neigh
bors. Mrs. Bernero had frequent quar
rels with her husband, who is a saloon
keep at 19 Hlnckley alley, and yesterday
at lunch the husband left the house after
a loud and angry discussion with his
wife. Immediately after Bernero left the
house the woman put on her hat and went
to the drug store at Stockton and Union
streets, and under the pretext of using
it for a wash, purchased a bottle of the
acid.
During her absence Mrs. Bernero's
aunt called at the house nnd the young
woman on her return finding her there
walked to the porch and swallowed the
deadly drug. The aunt noticing her
niece's peculiar actions, asked for an ex
planation but received an evasive answer,
and when she saw the young woman stag
gering sent for Dr. Baeigalupi, who was
soon on hand, but too late to bo of ser
vice, as Mrs. Bernero died soon after his
arrival. Deceased was a handsome
woman. 22 yenrs old. She had been mar
ried two years and leaves a child 9
months old.
I l~i r\J ls*t\.J^i JC XVxjL-i^l V^Al^Vy v-r \^/J\.JLjJLjm X: X V -L jLJ U\. jL « •! /V t\ \ I p\ ¦ a^KPrn 117 vUt
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
The Shop Girl:
What She Earns and
How She Lives.
Co-Ed Life at Stanford
University.
What It Costs a Prima
Donna to Dress.
San Francisco's Found-
As the Japanese See
Us: Socially, Politi-
cally and Physically.
How a Man Should Con-
duct Himself When
the "Only One" Says
"Yes."
By TOM P. MORGAN.
By
9EELLE— OUDItY
IS NOT A LADY.
FOR sale— Crazy riuilt and slums; also White
sewing machine. Box 4140, tall office.
FRINGES— Special orders to match materials
at ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st ;
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, makes a
specialty of the latest imported hair style*
and charges but 25c; Scheffler's Colorlne give*
natural color. 75c bo"x. • ICJ Stockton st.
LEDERER' S Qulr.tonlca wilt taka away that
dull look from your hair— the only tonic that
I win do it; 25c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
? ONE day only; on Monday all $2 50 switches
will b© sold at $1 50: no other day; so como
in time. Stylish halrdresslr.K. ?3c: man!i"-r-
Ing. 25c. G. LEDERER. _3 Stockton »t__
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 130 roooa;
lac to $1 :o per night: $1 50 to $8 per wee*;
tree 'bus and baggage to and frcm t_-.- i <:•¦*•
PERSONALS.
MAGGIE FAIL, your sister Christina's ad-
dress Is 4-_ Pine st.
SALESMAN wanted— Successful subscription
book salesmen will lenrn of rare, opportunity
by addressing or calling at 927 Market st.,
room 612.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to BOc. 6C2 Mission St., between Ist and Id sts.
WANTED— TaiIor with $450 to buy paying busi-
ness; central location: double store building;
owner must sell account sickness. "Owner."
1175 Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
BORROW money of the resoectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — Second hand on cakes. Address 5W
Hayes St.
»——-——¦——————————¦»—¦-———————-——————————————¦ — ¦ — — »
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
TO board— An infant cr F-nall child; $10 per
TTKTith. "M Loxinct<->n aye.
ROOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St., near Third.
BOOT AND SUUE BARGAINS.
CLEARANCE SALE— GREAT REDUCTIONS^
*.T»n's regular $150 *-hoes $115
Children*" regular $1 08 Fhoes C 5 cts
People's Hh-.e Store. 13<".S Stockton, nr. Br'dw'y.
IItSINESS CUAJkCtCS.
A— tir.CK)— CORNKR grocery In very best part
of tbe Mission; large stock; 1 horse, wagon,
cart ; 75 cr-Jer customers: place established
vearF and firFt-class paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. 9^« ilarket Ft.
A CIGAR ttore. connected with candy ar.d ice
crciitr. i.ar'.OTi. on transfer point, close to
P-trell and i'ost sts. ; rent I2ft; fir?t-cI-Fs pay-
::-.k: 'urge ctock; fine :mures. K. G. WILKE.
EM ilj:ri:et n.
A-~$S9; DAI3T produce cr;<l delicacy etore.
vita 3 living nxims; r?nt $12: a pood-paving
_»«:--«*. Inquire 11. G. WILKE. ?C6 Market.
A-$<"0: PARTNER wanted !n establ. imtcher-
_hop; owner »r»_tl honest assistant: knowl-
edge of busir.ess not. r.ecessary. R. G. WILIvE.
'j'li Market rt.
A-$350; PARTNER wanted In chop and coffee
huute; lively country town: place clearing $C 9
<.r, r each uartner. Call R. G. WILKE. .0.
___rfcet tt.
A"f::r>0: ELEGANTLY fitted u;> «aloon on bent
transfer wn.jr of this c'.ty: low rent; best
class of custom: pace !irst-clas» paying;
Bwner to r.tter.d to hi* rar.ch cause of "bale.
?C-11 R. •}. WILKE. tt.6 Market ft.
A— *UOC: saloon or. Market H.. close to Sev-
*-nth: rent r.et tM); Fpien<!!(!ly paying place;
other engagement* __as« ot __Je. R Q.
*WILKE. *Jt Market et.
A— $S"0: BAKEIIY near McAlilrter Ft.; estab-
lished years; a.! Ftore trade; large stock;
rent *25: 4 j-e.->.n>' lea«e; jij, barrels per day.
CaU II G. WILKE. MS Market Ft.
ITTTfr " TTJFTI \VT varan store nn-1 modem s-
room cottage: rents $31; cost $ri00; $IOC'J will
takt it. KCEDO _: CO.. 22'> Geary st.
CIK.O— CJiqPHOUSr.: best in clt; :; 1 blc C k~frorn
:nprk»-t: 4-t-;e!j,ts *4T, daily: trial given; present
owner ." frrary. KREDO & CO. 2214 Grary ft.
jr/«i— I'AKTXnH: transfer and storage; money
(..•'•uivd: rare cl;r>nce. 3Crfd> & C0..::2',i Geary.
gl_GO — DRASTIXG c>:r>rtr-*- m only one !:i town of
_400 population: M4.WO yearly. KREDO _ CO.
_AK!Ci:V '»n Town r.ear Kan Franci«< o iltung a.
f.v.* cash Lusine.'s: larpe stock: K<-od f._turfs;
Ijcitc and wai-on: cheap rent; trial given:
iPMI -acriflc*. JONES £i CO., S6i Market st.
RTS^-DEUCACtBS u:id dairy produce: value
in f!cl:t: H_* locati-jn. JONES _ CO., SCI
Mcrtu I ft.
$17"— GROCERY, tar, 4 llvln_ rocm*; rent «0;
<iuir.« paying outness. Jonc-s & Co., SC*» Mrkt.
$2;o— PARTNER v.anted: lijrht well established
Iri'l'iur buslrx-ss; will i_y over JCO |,«-r m<.nth
to each yearly. MiLAUGHLIN _: CO.. 777' i
Uirket ct. ? I, : ?.
««fif— «"ORNER Falocn; bargain this day. i Mc-
LAUPIU-IX St CO.. 777'j Market £t.
A— JCCO— CORNER grocery and bar; best loc a -
tloai In the HtHion: well established; doing
eood business; rice clean stock; good value
for tli? ment-y. t-tenberg Co.. 2C\j Kearny Ft.
J--IRFT-CLAPS rvstaurnnt; doing fine buxinepV-
tic bargain. COWING _ CO.. 113J Market pV
COnSER crocerr: full stock; *lc_ne»« cause.
j>«? COWING & CO.. 1133 Market e_
AN rxceiiti'inai opixirtunlty for a business man
ivith $2008; experience unnecessary; will
Hand investigation. GALE & BENSON. 320
Parrott building.
f"Sn— PARTNER In ealoon; xrlll take part cash;
chance for steady man. 7> Third ft.
j-iW-OOT'EE parlor and restaurant: bargain;
or exchange lor rooming house. 78 Third st.
J4TO— A FINE paying restaurant: receipts $25
daily: selling on account of going to Alaska.
£/»6 Howard Ft.
CIGAR f-tcr*— Doing very gooi business; owner
forced to sell. 201 California Ft.
FOR sale cheap— Well established corner Baloon;
sickness cause. Particulars call 525 Market.
ROUTE of $44 papers on this paper for eale.
Box 6. Oakland Postoffice.
$75 MONTHLY to partner with $300; genteel
manufacturing business. Schottler. 622 Mrkt.
$150— SALOON and grocery store; must sell at
once; good location. S2IV: Howard ?t.
TOOLS, stock, fixtures of a paintshop for sale;
cheap. Apply at shop. 926 Washington st.
$1750 CASH: corner grocery and bar; fine stock;
good location. Inquire 300 Hayes St.
$_.V>— l9 ROOMS newly furnished; rent $75; $COO
c_Fh down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWF.LL & CO., 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisen-'ent* ar.d subscriptions has been opened
nt 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Kub«cr!ptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hast been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery or laundry wagon. 3-can milk
wagon. 2-fieated suring wagon. 2 grocery or
delivery waeons. 22 Cortland aye.
FOR sale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. In«t>ect 1011 Sutter st.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons.buggles.carts and har-
nf«ii, wk. & driving horses. ISth and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
rtc. cheap. F.GAN & SON. 2117 Mission et.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, rurreys nnd homes. 1140 Folsom Bt.
I -=
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
| send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 2:3-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
j. i;. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
at.; c!ranin_, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
j J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
j 4r,3 Htsvenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
l tel. Main 21-4. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
i CAltrn'TK cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
! STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 303 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
! CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS.~J.~J.~'!VHITNEY. ue^Market; trance!
! test, business medium; life reader; also mcdi-
I c_l clairvoyant; stamp forclrcular; sittings $1.
MOTHER SADIE, seance Sunday. 2sth. Tl
o'clock; seance to-night, 8. 25c. 409 Leaven-
wcrth st.
MME. M.OREAU, the best medium and car^
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth et., near Mission.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth. 2, 8
p. m.. 14 McAllister, room 35; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND, trance medium; life read-
ings dally; clr. to-night. 39 Turk. cor. Taylor.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: enrd reader;
r«a6t, present, future, 2."c. 14S Sixth Bt., r. 12.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic; sat-
lslaction; reading* this week 25c. 230 A Turk.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. _Jc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 212% Sixth st. .......
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh et. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings. 25c.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market st.. betvreen Ma-
son and Taylor; hcurs, 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness, 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with improved
methods and advanced knowledce : cure at
office $5; warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice in S. F. Offlce. US Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. PR. WYETH. reliable ladies' physician
and specialist: home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
cuaranteed treatment at offlce, $5; consulta-
tion free. 842 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin: hsur3 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home: consultation free; ruccess guaran-
teed Write or call ct 1023»4 Market st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladle 3 ' special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5: safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
WOMEN'S medical and surgical institute: sci-
entific treatment; confidential: consultation
free. 1236 Market. Murphy bldg.. rms. 127-12 S.
DR. POPPER, ladies' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $3; consultation free. ' Sl3 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1223 Market: ladles-
physician; chronic dlseanes treated; late sclen-
tlflc methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $_.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
St.; every case guaranteed; S5 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st.. bet. Hyds
and Larkin; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and Hot
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
easts of the human body. 115 Mason »t.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE store, IS feet deep. 14 feet high: busi-
ness location: 2 living rooraa. 151 Second st.
STORE. 4 living rooms and stable; 2 blocks
from Market st. KELLY. 437 Parrott bids.
$to— STOKE: 2 show windows and 5 largo rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
WANTED— Night dishwasher. 1390 Turk st
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister St.
BARGAIN— Good uprl.ht: cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister st. next Hibernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old nnd new. H.
MT'LI/^n. -inker, rrntrr. 2 Lwtram place.
GOOD boy wanted at Mutual Label and Litho-
graphic Co., 23 Main st.
LMtGE itock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos prices reduced to insure prompt s_:-s.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
60 SLIGHTLY used high and medium grads
pianos; special discount.^ for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 13S Ellis st.
A BARGAIN— Fine upright Steinway and ether
pianos f,.r sale at half origlaal price. Loom,
10. Flood buiic:!n_.
CHICKERINO grand, fine order. $127 SP: guar-
anteed IS years. Scott-Curtaz Piano Company.
SCO Hayes st.
WE are still renting new pia-os i at $3 per
month. Scott-< urtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes at.
A. G BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Pavls pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ISIS Market st.
IT.F.K TO AH.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOU-
LEK & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
A BEAUTIFUL Packard Baby Grand Just re-
ceived at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market Bt.
THE Decker piano is the universal favorite:
new styles; full assortment: low prices. At
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market St.
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers themselves) can develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest and
faultiest in short time. 1236 Market St.. r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted: most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculations. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUS I N ESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey. uss«y, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl, suc-
cessful teacher. KOS Mission, near Sixth. Best
methods, best results.
A— SINGING, piano, French. Spanish: Parisian
graduate: $2 mo. 530 G. G. aye.. r. 6; hr. 2-t>.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. .Prof. DeFilipe's Academy
of languages, 32o Post;estab'd lS7l:ableat profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market fit; life
scholarship. $M; send for catalogue^
LAW schools, 927 Market. 8. F.. and 905 Broad-
way Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 504 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Bnrrett. 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
d»y ar.d night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ACTING ar.d vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin et.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce.
No. 30 Geary Bt.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
beet help. 414U O'Farrell »t. : tel. East 426.
POSITION as bookkeeper, 'accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined: references unexceptionable. Address
box 4263. Call office.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofllce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements nnd subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT AY ANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires position:
6 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
$6— TWO rooms and yard. T2€V_ Harrison Bt.,
between Third and Fourth.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant nw.
IRST-CLAHS German laundress desires situa-
tion; best of references. MIS CULLEN, 325
Suttrr st.
GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
? trong and willing; $10. MRS. NORTON. Sll
Sutter Bt.
TWO first-class hotel waitresses desire situa-
tions. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 316 Sutter Bt.
BOOKKEEPER, neat young lady, desires posl-
tlon; fully competent to keep books, answer
correspondents and take charge of an office;
also verbatim stenographer and typewriter;
salary t.'O per month; references. Address
M. M.. box 4121. Call.
BY a young lady of refinement, position In
country hotel as housekeeper, assistant or
chamberwork: familiar with all branches.
Box 104 U. Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation; Is a good
cook; would do downstairs work; city or coun-
try; references. Call COB Jones et, near Geary,
- downstairs.
TWO Swedish girls would like places, one to
do cooking 'and downstairs work, the other
second and general housework; wages $15 and
J25: references. 3209 Twenty-fourth st.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
adiir-rs to lock hnr 1543. !<o» Angeles. Cftl.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 W). with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPEKT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red, rtl.3.
HELP IVAN TED — AGENTS.
AGENTS in each county on coast; permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
NEAT woman wishes a position to do house-
work in a nice American family; can give
good references. Box 1056, Call offlce.
SITUATION as working housekeeper; Is a good
cock; references ; country preferred. Box
1053. Call offlce.
SITUATION as cook or housekeeper In a small
country hotel; best of reference. Box 4145,
Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and ladles' tailor-
ing; would Hire to take work at home; prices
very reasonable. Box 1059, Call offlce.
UELI> WANTEP-FEMALE.
W*A7<T9D^?a7lo7~maTdlind waitress. $23, city;
German second girl, $20; 2 French second girls,
$20; 4 second girls, $20: laundress. $25; cook,
plain wash. $30; 5 cooks. German style. i~>;
Protestant chambermaid and seamstress, $20;
2 restaumnt cooks, $7 and $10 week; 30 girls
for housework $20. $25. city and country. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SECOND jrirl, Livrrmore. see party hero at 11
o'clock, J2.'.; 2 second girls, city, $25 and $20;
waitress. 125: cook $30: boaniing liousb cook.
AN elderly laily wishes position to do light
housework: small pay; more for a home. 29
Eddy st., room 40.
GIRL IS wishes position to do light house-
work; no children or washing; wages $3 week.
Call or address MISS MAYFIELD, 290 Clara.
DRESSMAKER; thoroughly competent; perfect
fitting; latest styles: c-ostum>*s remodeled; $1
pt-r day. Address Modesto, box 4130, Call.
NEAT young girl wants position for house-
work or upstairs work. Call 5 Post-st. court,
near Larkin, st. ..:-'¦
COMPETENT young lady wishes position In
either bakery or candy store; references. Ad-
$25: 25 housegirlß. J25 and $30. MRS. NOR-
TON. :i: gutter st.
WANTED— Woman to cook for 5 men In mine;
no objection to one child; J2O per month and
found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
WAlTRESS— Privatefamily; $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter «t. W V-"
WANTED — Girl to take care of child during
the day; must sleep nt home. Call In the
afternoon, 2 to 4, at 457 Haiglu Bt.
WANTED-Experienced lady stenographer with
machine; state a_e, experience, salary and
reference. Apply box 4131, Call offlce.
WANTED— First-class experienced waitress
dress box 4132, Call.
COMPETENT woman desires to be employej
half-days at washing or housework; terms COc.
Address box 4133. Call.
YOUNG woman, rtrangcr, wishes work as of-
fice assistant: experienced In publishing house.
Address room 9. 1122 Larkin St.
and parlormaid. Call 2100 Washington St.,
corner Octavla, 10 a. m.
FAMILY. 2 adults, desire g!rl light housfw-ork:
r.o washing; $S to $10. IGO9 McAllister, ifto 2.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $12.
. 26M) Twenty-first at.
WANTED — Situation Jn country, by middle-
r.ped woman; eood cock ami laundred?. &13
Franklin St.. Oakland.
DUESSMAKKR and seamstress, eood fitter ami
draper, sews 60c a day or $3 a week; city or
Oakland. M. C. X.. box 4119, Call office.
GOOD cook wishes to do housework In small
family. Address 66 Colton - st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day. Coil
at 1215 Larkln rt.. Friday or Saturday.
WANTED— Good cook, J2O per month; refer-
ence!-* required. 2329 Bush et.
LADY solicitor; big pay. Call room 505, Call
building, between 12 and 1 !>• m.
SINGLE ladtc3 wishinc to join a social club
6fnd address to MHS. HERTZ. 706 EUia st.
WANTED— Good starched-shlrt rubbers. TSfl
Elizabeth at., bet. 23d nnd 2<th.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 333,$
Clementina st.
EXCHANGE.
BARBER shop and cigar store for sale, on ac-
count owner going Cape Nome. Box 41i3, Call.
100-ROOM bouse for yale or exchange for lodg-
ing house in Chicago or other business; r.j
agf nts. Box 2522. Call office.
PARTNER or promoter wanted, to Introduce
U. S. patent: have a complete working model
in operation: big money. Box 1075. Call.
$40— SHOE shop for sale; established 3 years,
worth $100; sickness the cause of selling. Cor-
ner Nineteenth and Castro sts.
j3fO— MEAT market for sale; paying, cash busi-
ness; splendid opportunity for man and boy.
Box 2C£2. Call.
OLD established wagon-making and horseshoe-
ing business: 15 years present location; chenp
account of death of owner. 22 Cortland aye.
FOR SALE — Corner grocery and bar: must be
wild CO account of departure. Call or address
140 Fifth ct.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1935, between Lacuna and Bu-
chanan sts. — Elegant house of 12 rooms; bath,
servants' room. etc. ; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to G. 11. UMBSEX
& CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
2i>35 California; 6 r.|14'1541 Eddy; 6 r C 3
1705 Mason: 4 r $10 1345 Howard; 5 r $13
207 Ellis; 10 r...517 SO! 110 Natoma: S r $16
NEW— 6 rooms; modern; $25: Buchanan and
Greenwich sts.. or will sell JSOO cash: balance
like rent. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Markt.
TO let — Furnished cr unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear; 817
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. 529
Merchant st.
NEATLY furnished house: 7 rooms and bath;
sunny side of street; nice neighborhood; $50.
1614 Golden Gate aye.. bet. Scott and Devlsa-
dero sts.
}3 — HOUSE of 5 rooms; healthy and In good I
condition. 1557 Kearny st.. near Greenwich.
GEARY. 101 S. bet. Polk and Van Ness aye.—
House. 9 rooms and both.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: large yard; rent 537 80.
BORROW on dlamonns nnd jlwels: polite at-
tention. ITNCLE HARRIS. !¦> Grant aye.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease;
centrally located: 6 bedrooms; large parlors:
music and dining rooms, etc.; 10 minutes'
walk to Kearny St.: large grounds; rent 1125.
Address, with full name, box 1022. Call offlce.
LOST AND FOUND-
LOST — A passlook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In ths
name of MRS. C. H. ATKEARN. No. 179-1515.
The finder will please return to the bank.
ON Market-st. car, 6:45 a. m.. Wednesday, a
plated horse's head umbrella: reward $10.
Return to BONELLI, 130 Powell st.
LOST— Fur boa January 24. about 2 p. m., bet.
Post. Grant aye. and Market St. Return to
637 Market St.: reward.
LOST— Last Friday. Eighteenth and Valencia,
black cocker spaniel, white under neck. Re-
turn 1330V4 Natoira St.: reward.
LOST — Wednesday, on Minna or Montgomery
sis., pocketbook containing $22 75. Please re-
turn to Call ofllce and receive liberal reward.
FEMALE fox terrier, black ears; tag No. 4S«.
Return C4l Bush st.: reward.
LOST— Small watch. Return to box ofHce.
Tivoll Theater, and receive reward.
FOUND— Greyhound. Owner can have same by
paying expenses. COO Castro st.
LOST— Dewey medal on Kearny s_, Sunday:
name on ridge. Please return to 271 Minna
St.: reward.
LOST— Pair opera glasses at California Theater.
Return 12S Ninth aye. and receive reward.
BROWN purse-containing money and gold pen-
cll. E. BERONIS. 1032 Jackson St.; reward.
LOST— A passbook with tne Hloenua Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in tha
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON; No.
ISB-020. Th« finder will please return to bank.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect ••crecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
43S Third st. .
YOUNG man desires position as driver for
wholesale or retail house. Call 816 Montgom-
ery st.. or Tel. Davis I*2.
BARBER 12 years' experience, wishes position
In small town. Address T. G. ADAMS, 204
Turk St., room 15, San Francisco.
DENTAL offlce: first-class : central; must be
Fold; terms easy. MACDONALD, 6 Eddy St.,
room 107.
PLACER ground on Mokelumne River that will
lay $600 per day; can dredge to bedrock; ma-
chinery in course of construction; will sell
third interest for $10.CW. Coll 2 to 4 p. m.,
SIC Market St., room :>6.
CAKE baker wants situation as second or third
hand. Box 1067. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2_ and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estata la pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no d»-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. U Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtaia
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rate.. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4« Market
it.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ANY proposition any amount; t per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance: chattel
mortgages': confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN.. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bids.
AVOID delay; try all others, then see me: $50
to $100,000; 0 per cent: Ist. 2d cr chattel mort-
gages.estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates.legacies and mortgages bought ; «dvi?_
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Markt.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*.
watches jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 1» Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory tlJg.. 130 Powell at.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 'J, respectable private ptacs
to borrow on watches diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal. quicJc
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
SS and 69, Donohoe building. 117i> Market at.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and 03
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BACKER. 26 -Montgomery st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOL'SLEY. 430 Par-
lott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Jndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Iniorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 113 Phelan building.
*50 TO CO.CO 0; lowest rates: Ist and 2_ mortgs. :
any rropo»t't°"- DRYDEN. 41U Montgomery.
WANTED
Gardener for private place near city, refer-
ence required, $25 per month and found;
coachman and gardener for gentleman's place
near city, $25 and found. W. D. EWER &.
CO., 610 Clay st.
TOG HOSPITAL.
_m BUZARDS Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. Vvest 638.
MISCELLANEOUS WAATB.
WANTED— « boxes of fresh ranch eggs •vary
week steady. Address box 2527. Call.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of carlo*
and Philippine relics. 525 Dupont. nr. Calif.
JAPANESE young school boy wanta situation
to do housework. SATORU MAS, 521 Jessie.
PLUMBER, strictly first class, will work by
the day or week for property owner: has all
necessary tools; city or country. Box 1005,
Call offlce.
JAPANESE wonts situation at housework and
washing; good reference; $5 per week. Star,
C 2 Prospect place.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Plae,
DRESS cants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery St.
BOILERS engines, drill presses, planers.lathes.
iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
oak: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Misslorx.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento St.
WELL-EDUCATED young man of good ap-
pearance desires a position of any kind to
work in the evening: low wages; best refer-
ences. Address box 1054, Call office.
MAN, 30 years of age wishes work of any kind;
speaks English, French and German; can fur-
nish references. Box 1055. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by private coachman: city
or suburb; first-class references. Address 860
Union St.. Oakland, phone Main 782.
EDUCATED young Frenchman, speaking Eng-
lish. Spanish, Italian, wants situation; good
penman. F. M.. box 4135. Call office.
BAKER— Young man as foreman or second on
bread; good references. Box 72. Call offlce.
Oakland.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons'. L_»
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
rpecle chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th_
Walti Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F., Cal.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced t»
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIGALCPI.
833 Market St.. San Francisco.
ATTENTION, SELLERS!
Lint whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise it free for you.
I v.ant no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I _eil city and country real es-
tate and business pieces. _?,.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at., opp- Firtn.
BRANCH bakery and notions SjjjO
Bakery; large oven; fine business 1.-*"
Teaming business; clears $400.. •-. •• ;¦<**'
lfo-acre ranch; C room house; SHOO cash. J.-^>
Bakery in Alameda; $25 per day ;i ...... -«J
House and lot: Hayes St.; lot 25x1^:6.... 3.t£J
Hotel and bar: country town; 72 rooms.. i>,iw
Grocery and bar; clears $150... IVJ?
Saloon; cash r.-Ki?ter; clears $230 »^«
Candy E'.ore ; corner; 3 rooms ;?¦'
Saloon o:i Howard st ?,_
Saloon; corner on Fiilsom *t ••-••• •;.'A'^.' »7j
BARGAINS THAT I DO NOT AD-
II. C. DECKER. IC2O Market ft.. QPP- Fifth.
FINE saloon near Market, doing J«« B **™ l h
neu, will be fold cheap: investigation ' •ojle"-
: cd. Pacific Bute* Realty C 0.7 «C Parrott bldg.
FFR^ a ie77n~_lown of SOOO lnhaWta«t«. within
30 m:les of San Francisco, and having the
' best prospects of any town on the cow.J
furnishing goods business, earning a f tock
' of S3OCO: v.iil be sold for cost. Address box
: ÜBS, Call.
d ?^c^^rl^»»^
| ONE of the most successful Pr°fP ector ?_! n , ii t *' c
West will take a partner for the com ng »»a-
i son to locate claims in California; must ha\e
i $500. Address box 10C4. Call.
WAXTED^M: partner general "«"*"<"!£•
established 7 years; paid $1666 year las'. . _ob-
iea to lncrec!=e business; money to be rein-
vested. Address P. J.. Call office.
W »\TED- Sma'.l~capltal to introduce new au-
totnatic advertising device; strict Investiga-
tion solicited: should pay well. Address box
4?30. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and confectionery store: 3
living rooms; sreat sacrifice. Apply ICSS
Howard Ft^
APPRENTICES on shirta; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gou_h
and Grove sts.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALfI.
POSITION wanted"by~_uslne9s man from New
York: under 35 years of age; active, well con-
nected and of general experience; sufficiently
versatile to adapt to any line; has managed
property, art and commercial stationery,
printing and manufacturing, etc.; can fur-
nish every reference; permanency desired.
Address box 4129. Call.
FOR SALE— St. Bernard dog. 623 Bush st.
NEAT solitaire diamond ring for $16; worth $35.
LNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PLEASURE yacht for salo cheap. Apply 8C«
Third st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Ktc For Snlo
40 HORSES for eale: also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth et.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
100 HEAD mares, and geldings: 4. J. 10 years
old; 1000 to 1400 lbs.; $40 to' $100: mostly all
broke. At the Canty Ranch. Grayson. Cal.
FINE business horse for sale at your own price.
COWINO. 1130 Market St.
TWO horses, an express wagon; good stand.
Inquire at 219 Tehama st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of: adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH otfice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st. *
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats. 354 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist with house-
ivork; $lg. 1625 Webster; call before 10 a. in.
EXPERIENCED wire frame makers wanted.
Apply Robert L. Toplitz &. Co., 545 Market St.
BOOKBINDING^GIrt who can take books
apart and sew them. J. SCHMITT, 66S Geary.
WANTED- Good young German girl for gen-
eral .housework. Inquire at 1137 Mission st.
WANTED— German girl for general house-
work «fh bakery. Apply 911 Larkin st
NURSEGIRL; apply after 10 o'clock, 223 Third
aye., between Clement and South California;
take Geary or Sutter st. car; $10-$l2.
EXPERIENCED cream dipper; good position
__to__!ght party. Call at 53S Washington st.
IWO girls help in dining-room, do washing;
good wagea. SO7 Twentieth; Kentucky-st. car.
YOUNG girl, light housework; no children. Call
after 10 a. m., 547 Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
_BwARD~EARLE, independent slate writer.
220 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
CATHERINE DEAN, returned; scientific card
reader. ?89 Howard St., cor. Sixth, offlce 23.
YOUR future told by cards, 2lc. 944 Howard
et., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA readß life fluently; business
advice: names given; 2ac up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
G^^^^vTTo-LlvY^AgenTyTrro charge un-
less successful. Roonl 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages: 4 and 6 rooms: basement,
yard, stable. 1876 Fifteenth st.. near Dolores.
DENTISTS.
A^DrT~T. B HIGGINS 1 d-ntal parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe 7V.nkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 £0 up; open evenings and Sundays^
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty; pee our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for »0
years; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
LADY wants position as nurse; terms mod-
erate. 1525& Mission at.; call bet. 11 and 12.
WANTED— A position a 6 companion to In-
valid lady, or place of trust, by a lady of re-
finement and cheerful disposition) will travel
If required. Box 4597, Call.
COMPETENT person wants place as cook;
willing to assist, or general work in small
family; wages $20 to $25. Apply 2415 Clay St..
Flllmore.
A YOUNG Swedish woman would like to work
by the day. 438 Chestnut st. ¦
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grasrt aye.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer, who
fits exquisitely, desires work by the day In
families or at home. 1127 Ellis st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
»nd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call bran-h offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for* Call advertisements and
subscriptions lias been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open unttl 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bam been establiehed at 109S Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
liave your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free: $4 60 up; of-
llce hours. »n. m. to 10 p. in. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, »4:
rubber or flexible plates. $2; received S first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Mariet St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge worked fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gss given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Krarny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teelh. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 2jc.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia: dental
work reas.: painless extraction: hours 9 to a.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 2001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
LOWESTfprlees !n S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 9C9 Mission, cor, ft l .).
SET of teeth w'.thout plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. ISU Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: R graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks:
day and evening class; special inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogues
and souvenir free; only institution in the
world teaching the barber and hairdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York,
Bt. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
MET A PHYS I C 3.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy,
occoltlym: free cllr.lc Tuea. tvg. 305 Larkln.
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third *t.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus end baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 v. m.
MINES AND 3IIXINC.
CA XT ERri~GoT_ Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers: quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 62 cents per share or monthly install-
ments: send fcr prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. ~0 California St.. rooms 5-7.
HELP AVAXTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT IS3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
12 waitresses, Pasadena, half fare both
ways $20
6 waitresses, Coronado, half fare both way.s.i2')
5 waitresses, Sacramento $23
6 waitresses, commercial and city hotels $-"j
Chambermaid to wait, first-class city hotel. s2o
Cashier in first-class restaurant $7 wtek
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ,-.
Cook, Alameda, $25; cooks, Gl'.rby, Santa
Clara, $20; cock. city. $20; houseglrls, city and
country. $25. $20. $IS. $15; houseglrl, small
American family, ?20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
IC4 Geary at.
WANTED — A sober German or French man;
doing porter work. 15 City Hall square, opp.
El_hth Bt.
MO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaared, half
price. C 62 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d *ts.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths und carpenters for
ships at HERMAN'S 26 Steuart St.
BARBER wanted to buy 2-chalr shop; cheap.
Aruly 1113 A Folsom st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop at a sacrifice; must
sell; good location; $30. 323 Sixth st.
BARBERS— A complete three-chair outfit at a
bargain. Call at 911 Larkin st.
WANTED— laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third et.; 150 largo
rooms; Nc per night; Jl to $2 per week.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper: best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. Ice and 25c
per nl_ht. LlndeU, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
PALMisTny
MME. Neergaard (pupil of Count St. Germain).
filS Geary: Ito S p. m. ; by mall. $1; classes.
WANTED— A good boy before 9a. m. at E3O
Commercial St.. top floor.
FINE upright piano, little used, cbeap tor
cash. 1319 Powell st.
FINE Fischer * Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'9. 101J Van Ness aye., nr. Geary st.
HAPCVAIV— * Ice upright piano; only jcj cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
STENOGRAPHER; eomoetent to keep books;
$20 to begin. Box 1062. Call.
GOOD life Insurance man; first-class contract
N. A., box 1060. Cull.
WANTED— A partner, male or female: good
paying business. Apply 6% Grove Bt !
A GOOD bargain can always be found at
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market St.
WANTED— Fifty miners for Cape Nome. Call
at 310 Pine et., room 43. fourth floor.
WANTED— Bootblack ; steady. 2003 Fillmore
st., corner Pine.
MIDDLE-AGED experienced man to take care
of rooming-house at night; references want-
ed. Apply 11SH Ellis st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 12
Fifth st. ,
WANTED— First-class barber at 64S Washing-
ton st., near Montgomery^
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1323
Powell st.
WANTED — Salesman or partner In a wholesale
produce business. Call from 12 to 1 o'clock
114 Lan.ton st.
BARBERS' Prcgresslve Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie lit
WANTED— A piano player: one who can tend
bar; reference required. Call between 12 and
3 p. m., 1C35 Folsom st.
AIIPCLUTELY the oldest and largest hous_
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; Fianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
3ICSICAL INSTRUMKVrS^
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced piano*
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchas*
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for J6 per month, and some good piano*
for $3 $4 and J5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY '& CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter -ts.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and -.roadway. Oakland^
FOR exchanje for something valuable: San
Jose residence property. A. K. SPERO, 2154
University nve.. Berkeley. . Cal.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYEULE. German expert optician;
German eye water by mall, .'Oc. 1071V4 Market
rt.. Pnn Frnnc|-=cn* ernmlnotlon free.
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat. 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417»6 Ihlrd St.
FINE upper corner flat; 6 rooms and bath
(new) ;modern improvements. 1211 McAllister.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HQWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat, 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view of bay and city. 3&
Scott at. -.¦/:. i-
SACRAMENTO, 136.*— Flat of 8 rooms; $12 SO.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms. 210 Willow aye., above
Van Ness.
TWO flats; 4 roms each: 1 flat furnished; 2
baths; 2 toilets: all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you neert
more money see H. MURPHY. O> Market st.
NEAT restaurant, good location, for sale. Ap-
ply 207 Grant aye.. saloon.
WANTED— Cheap rooming-house for cash. C,
HANSEN. SC2 Folsom St.
GOOD competent young man wishes employ-
ment for outdoor or inside work. Address
box 1072. Call offlce.
FOR rent In Petaluma— An old-established sa-
loon: best location In town. See owner at
IK Fo!f?m bt.
BALOOM in wholesale district: cause sickness.
Inquire M. I.LUMENTHAL CO.. 65S Mission
FOR eale— A shoe shoo: established over a
year: good stand: reasonable price. Call at
tailor shop. 10S Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale cheap— Well-established coffee par-
lor and restaurant: good location; sickness
ca_s> of sale. Apply JC3S Howard it.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing languages. telegraphy. English
branches civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc ; new SO-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
Fait water and swimming tank. V M. C. A..
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
WANTED
Working foreman on ranch near city. $30 per
month and board
Ranch teamsters $25 and $2«
Second hand bread baker, city shop, $3 per
week; miners. $52 per month: buttermaker
and milker for small private dairy near city.
$25, and others. W. D. EWEIt _ CO.. 610
GOOD barber wishes steady Job. Address
TRAVELING salesman wishes to represent a
line. Including hardware and paint. Ad-
dress W.. P. O. Box 116, San Joae. Cal.
SOBER American cook wants a position as
cook at a . mine or lumber mill employing
about 20 men. Box 4596, Call.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and FUhscrfptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until 9 p.- m.
W*NTFI>— A restaurant outfit: will pay 25
I>ei- cent more than dealer. Apply -2< San
Carlos aye.
Fv>— ELEG \NTLY tumUhed restaurant and
?•ofW ?al^n; rent t4O; good location; Biclc-
i-ees cause for selling. 74:{ Mission st.
FRUIT and dairy produce store; fine location;
a snai» at I-EO.gltoX .058..C-H.
GROCERY and bar; 4 living rooms; rent low;
price reasonable. Apply _4is Clementina et.
BUSINESS oprortunity-Wili sell complete Mo-
tion Picture public entertainment outfit, with
larpe nd\ert:slt:g bills and everything needed,
cheap for cash; have made $60 to $300 per
tvok- no experience re<juired to operate It;
best of reasons for selling. Send this ad and
address Drawer US. Chicago^
WANTED— Partner In business established 24
years in Oakland; pajs fium $400 to $500 per
month; $7500 capital required, which will be
fully secured by good real estato; no chance
of i*i-e:' must !•* a business man, competent
to keep booka and collect bills. Call or ad-
dress Call branch offlce. Oakland.
FOR rent— To an up-to-date man with experi-
ence a furnished hotel and race track in
Eureka. Cal.; located on main traveled road
und good chance to make a nloe paying bual-
neFS. Apply to J. G. LOVEREN. Eureka, lah
j-£,o rT.t— Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown; newly fitted up; electric lights;
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for JIOO
Inquire WM. HENDRICKSON _: CO., 614 Call
bid..
WOMEN and girls on rteam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, S6Vi Fremont st.: elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A BRANCH otnee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10«t Va-
lencia st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; sleep home.
Call at 107V4 Collingwood st.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework and
plain cooking. 612 Haleht st.
WORK horse, $20: buggy, $20; light wagon.
$25. 19 City Hall aye.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team, 16%: 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. «05 G. G. aye.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drus-
glsts. or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, toilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st.
BAiiS. counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, iiold and exchanged. 10«3 Mission St.
BOILERS and engines: lowest prices on tha
coast. BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine & Davis.
FOR sale— Modern outfit fcr a dentist; cheap.
220 Ash aye.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOIt SALE.
BOILERS engines. 2-hand machinery. Me
INTOSH * WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture ar.d fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-I^2l-I^:3 Missloa
gt.. above Sixth.
UCSIXESS CHANCES— Continued.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
BAS FRAXCISCO CALL.
PUSINTCSS OFFICE cf th» Pan Francisco
r_i; comer cf Market and Third streets, open
_ntii 12 o'clock -very r.ijrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery etreet.
crmcr Clay; epen ur.til 9:50 p. m.
tv> I__ye_ Ftroet: cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
fC9 McAllister ttrec-t: oren until 9:30 p. m.
<15 Larlda Ftreet: open until 9:30 p. re
2311 MiFEicn Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
_:C1 :_ar_ct etreet, corner Sixteenth; cpen
tint!l S r>. »~.
3CC Eleventh street: crvn ur.tli 9 d. m.
IC."< Valencia street; eprn until 9 p. m.
123 Polk street: cren until 9 p. m.
SCcrtbW-St corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
IttcfcT Hl* t»; open until 9 p. m. g|
COMPETENT girl to care for children and as-
sist llpht second work: $15. Apply 233 Third
aye.. Richmond district; Geary street car.
HELP AVAXTED — MALE.
want BSD^rrrTTrTTrrrTrrrrrrrrTrrrrrrrrr z. .7. . .7^
Driver for milk route In city, $35 to $40 per
month and found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
WANTED
Clerk in architect's offlce In country: refer-
ences required; $40 per month. W. D. EWER
& CO., ClO Clay st.
CARPENTER wants work. Box 4172 Call
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commar.dery No. 1. IC
T No S Port Kt.— Stat.-d assembly Tifj
"/in* (FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7 JC3
oVlock. Later Order of Red Cre«s. Y<»
Ml fr_tws crrd'nlly invited. v
Slit JOHN TONNINGSEN. Commander.
OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22. F. AND •
A. M--TKIS 'FRIDAY) EVENING at J\^
'"3 o'clock, fecond degree. By order ;v_T
ot Oie W. M. *~ *
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
• '.•.:¦ .-•:••¦: to iittcnij the
FINGER, at St. Mary's
Cathedral, corner Van Ness avenue and
<>;~ane:i Ftrf-ct, TO-DAY < Friday). January
C 6, r.t 10 a. ra.
JOHN F. PINKHAM. Marshal.
OFFICERS and mes-ten of court Occl «e^?*>
.ifr.tal No. CC76. A. O. V.. are notified £»y
to altcnj tl-.e fumral of cur late _* \
Brother. MARTIN MTN3ON. Inter »->
meat Mount Olivet Cemetery. SUNDAY. Jan.
r^ Snc-iul car v.il! leave Eighteenth nnd
Guerrero at I p. m. G. W. K. STIRLING. C. R.
f7. XSttUEVTS Society v.-::i ce!e- v «/>.
i-rr.:e ihe Ulft anniversary of the S, QJJ
Wrtli cf ROBERT BCRICS by a "i»Xi*
c.-r.rert ar.d dence at Scottish Hall.
VI Larkia et_ on Friday evening. 2<->th
2!-t. WILLIAM BALXAVES. Pros.
A. R. PATTI-RPON. Secretary.
"SCT? ZEALAND, the Pictorial Paradise of
th»> Pa<-i:U\" lecture hy l«a.ic Selljy. TO-
MORCOW (SATURDAY) EVENING, at tl-.e
T. M '"¦ A.: illustrated by ri.srlity beautifully
• ¦ nvi Flew*. Admls-lon 25 cent*.
THE rcru'.ar annual r-eeting at th« stockhold-
ers <>f the UNION TRUST COM-
J'.'.NY cf _an Kranris-o. win be held
at the office cf the comi.uny In th» Union
Trust Cnrnwtjy*" b-IMlar. corner Kontgua-
rrv. Port art! Market Ft?.. Pan Francisco,
«Y.:.. on MONDAY, the fifth day cf February.
:'C\ at the !-.r,ur of 2 o'clock r>- m 4 tor tha
ptt~P<*n» of fleeting a beerd cf directors to
¦«>rv« for the following yur. the amrr.dment
cf tfc» by-laws of th« company and the trans-
urtinn of ruch other I'usir.eis as n;ay come
belcre t!-t n-.e.-tins.
I. W. HKLLMAN JR.. fet-retary.
TTTI" r.r.runl meeting of the npn-.bersh'.p of the
Turkmen's Ounra-tee p:i-d Assn'-iat'or. will
tske rOa'-e nt Its <rP<-». room C 3. Fl«od bull.l-
!r.tr. TCESDAY EVENING. .l*n. ». at 7:30
c clock. IL G. PRINCE. Sec.
ANNUAL Meeting. —The annual meeting cf
?h« lot ownrrs in tlie Mn«onic Cemetery will
be held at th» Masonic Temple en TUESDAY
AFTERNOON. February C. ;9». at 2 o'clock.
'or th* election of three trustees and such
business a< rear '.ecallv come before it.
'GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
BORROW en di?monJp: secrecy; private en-
trsr-'-e: -r".v_te rms. Cud* Hsrrli. 15 Grant.
DRESSMAKERS A.VU SKAMSTRKSSiiIS
_~F Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SS7 Geary St.: dresseb
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; ensy payments: evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
lng.pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor _ Mcffat.
BUTCHER wishes steady work; city or coun-
try. Box 4174, Call.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
109-ROOM house: corner; clears $300 $2500
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms; on Taylor; worth $800 450
E2 rooms; corner; clears $150 1600
10-room flat: clears $150 £00
I WILL SELL YOU EITHER HOUSE IN
PAYMENTS TO SUIT.
Corner on Market: clears $400..1f14 rooms.. s«SW
Near Call office; worth $2000... 29 rooms.. 1200
Mod. house: elev.; clears $500.. 84 rooms.. 72-30
Ea«y payments: Interest at 10
per cent; clears $l'fl 32 rooms.. 1600
On one floor: clears $100 15 rooms.. COO
Flat: new furniture; rent $14.. 7 rooms.. 350
Paying house; clears $150 23 rooms.. 850
Downtown: rent $25 21 rooms.. 325
New flat: rent $14 g rooms.. 2W
Market St.: rent $73 26 rooms.. 850
Corner; only J3OO cash IS rooms.. 800
Clearing $100; rent $C 0 2ti rooms.. !W
Boarding; corner house 32 rooms.. 2000
Hotel and bar; 65 boarders si> rooms.. 400
100 other houses. 3 t<\r>oo rooms; $50 t0... 10.000
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth st.
$16C0-29 ROOMS; all on 1 floor; $800 down; tal-
ance at 1 per cent per month: paying well.
$325 — S rooms; nice flat; on easy payments.
$500— 22 rooms; good location; $50 rent: easy
payments.
15 bouses from $390 to $2000; paying well;
good locations; easy payments.
A. R. E. & R, CO.. 743 Mission »„
24 ROOMS: new fun.iture; cost $3600; $1800; %
cash; big bargain. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market.
10 ROOMS; got to sail; mortgaged $259; cheap
at $500. C. D. DAVIS. 1194 Market st.
80 ROOMS: good oak furniture: nice location;
$1000. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
60 ROOMS; first floor offices; clears £!00 a
month. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
ASTROLOGY.
P:JOF. A. MAFERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
_i?t and ra!mi*t in the world: satisfaction
Cim'irteefl. <?7 Odden Gate live.
$250— 10-ROOM house near Market St.; clears $50
month: rent $20 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
PRIVATE rooming house; 9 rooms, nicely fur-
nished; 7 rooms rented; paying $15 above rent:
no reasonable offer refused: rent $25. 1223
Folfcm st.
YOUNG man, competent bookkeeper and ac-
countant, would like position in some offlce:
city or country: Is good penman ar.d well rec-
ommended. Address E. M. L., box 1073, Call.
SITUATION wanted in a wholesale house by a
middle-aged German cooper; an all-around
good and reliable man. Box 4835. Call office.
AN elderly man would like a position as night
watchman or to do chores; wages very small.
1J22 OFairell st.
$500— HOUSE 8 rooms neatly furnished; all
rented: central location; rent $16. Box 4138,
Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE— 633 Broadway; 20 sunny
rooms: must sell on account of sickness.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. '
ADVICE free; divorce law a ppe^ialty; private; j
no fee without mix em; collections. G. W.
TJOTVE. atty at law. K/0 Market, cor. Stocktn. I
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. '
V.-. DAVIDSON, f'27 Market St.. opp. Mason, j
F. H. MERZBACH. attorne. at law. has re- j
Fume.l practice at T.OI Cal. Ft., Clunle b'.dg.
L. ft. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. ?27 Mar-
fcrt st.: consultation free: no fees 'n advance.
HOUSE, 8 rooms: bath: carpets; large lawn
fine view; see It. 3D32 Twenty-fourth st.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook $6T>. baker $45, same country hotel,
see party here; cook for a lunch counter and
restaurant. Nevada. $40 to o 0; vegetableman,
springs, $20: upstairs porter, hotel. $25; dish-
washers, kitchen hands and others.
MISCELLANEOUS
Teamsters and scraper holders for the Coast
R. R., free fare; 100 coal miners for New
Mexico, special rates of fare: 10 pruners and
grafters, see party here, $26 and board; 6
ranch teamsters. $23; 20 woodchoppers: host-
ler, private stable, $50. C. R. HANSEN* &
CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & RF7ADY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Shop butcher $25 and fd
4 German-Swiss milkers $23, fare paid
gardener and farmer $23 and fd
buttermaker and milker, Sonoma Co., $25 fd
teamsters, $1 fare $1 "."> and $2 day
married laborer for manufacturing company
blacksmith helper and wife $40 and fd
pruners. orchard ar.d vineyard hands... s2s fd
stablemen $25 and $10
150 woodchoppers and tie makers, tools and
provisions advanced. MURRAY & READY,
6.14-G36 Clay st.
TWO boilermakers for a large company: coun-
try; good wages. MURRAY & READY. 634-
63G Clay st.
ROARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture: Srst-C-ua In every respect:
table unsurpasfed: hot and cold water: ele-
vator: suites, v. ith board for 2. $50 month up. j
NEW family hotel: firrt-clcas in all appoint- j
rr.entf; excellent table: social inducements to I
tu>]»c-t people. gfC California et., occupying '
comer opposite Grace Church.
VAX NI-SS «ye., 1714— Pelect private boarding- |
house CAB accommodate a few more guests; i
everything first class and homelike; fashion-
atde location; references.
"ESKXXSRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ay Miitep; beat l<oani: 2. $7) up; single. $22 50.
HAIGHT. 32— Sunny rooms with board; t<*rms !
reaaocable.
LAP PALSIAB. VS» Market Ft.— Suite of 2 rr 3
r;n*. : private; bath: Fin. rms.: board optional. 1
O'fARRELL. 742 — Clean, comfortable, rooms; I
srood home cooking; *[«*ci3l r2tes to gents.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds. I
pcintinK*: xuety. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant ay. I
lIOAItD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ANY amount to loan you on diamonds; low ln-
Uf«c_ CNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
WANTED— American driver for milk wagon,
$.",0; man and wife, private family. $30; farm-
ers. $20. $25 nnd $26; blacksmith helper, car-
riage work. $2 2r> day; shirt ironer, $35 and
board: razor grinder. $20 week, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young porter and assistant waiter
for club. $20 to $25; baker and pastry cook,
second baker. $9 to $10 week: waiters, dish-
washers :ind others. J. F. CROSETT & CO^.
62S Sacramento st.
MAN and wife, ranch work, must understand
ranch dairy. $S0; see party here. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
BARBER'S Protective Union— Tho only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBER wanted; steady. 222 Montgomery at.
WANTED— Good barber; steady. Apply 1600
Post ct., cor. Lacuna.
WANTED— Vegetableman. Park Hotel, 26 and
2S Turk st.
WANTED— Good restaurant cook at 25 Fourth
street.
DISHWASHER wanted at 120% Taylor et
Clay st
10DIED.
Avorden. Theodore C.
Hacciarlnl. Martin
Bletlren. Annie J.
Uowinao. Orian M.K.
Carlin. Commander
James W.. U.B.N.
Devlin. John
Durkin. James
Einstein. Morris
Friedman, Julius
Griswold. Augustus
Hoeck. Thomas N.
O'Rrien. Sarah
O'Donnell, Katie J.
Renwick. James
Rickoff, Lucy
Sweeny. Thomas U.
Thornton. Harry A.
Wensinger, F. S.
Xavier, Catherine
AVORDEN— In the City and County Hospital,
JESSIE 2Cs— Large front room: fireplace; other
sunny rooms; gentlemen only.
HYDE. <OS— Sunny furnished room: suitable for
2: {5 to $7. IMUIM
T2 CHIC AGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Trajn Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
saturday. arriving: in Chicago at 2:15 .
P.n in time to connect with alt limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDFS^ ' P' m - with Palace and Tourist
n a t, t cars for Kansas City, St. Louts,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Banford, Visalia, Tulare nswrk
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FDISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
TKI3UU auurs 1531; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street. ; - ... »
HOWARD. 715—200 tunny rooms; nicely fur-
ciebed; every convenience; electric light*.
HOWARD. TO— Clean, respectable; 2Sc-U per
night: Tl-t3 per week: Howard cars to door.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
Sand M!rsion Fts.— Sunny rooms, en euite or
•ingle: ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator
GRANT aye.. 21 <The Wellington)— A family
S rooming hojise; elegantly furnished rooms;
grates, gas. bath; hot and cold water; 50c
tl 50 per nlrht; $2 50 to V per week.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrunSlß mBCISCO— foot of Xirkal Slrt.t (Slip *;—
•7:15 0:00 11.00*.M. 11:03 *2:oa t3:C3
•i:C3 t5:23 •e:::i\»«.
mm OUU lD— r«at »r Eru 4w« j.— *C:oo 8:00 !0:03 a . v.
U2:C3 M:O3 t3:C3 »3::3 U:53 *3:C:r.M.
BORROW en pianos, furniture, diamonds,
palr.tlngs; reerecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
CARROLTON. ITO6 Market, cor. Golden Gat*
aye. corner; well furn.: tins. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ard subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillrno-e »t.
FOLSOM. K9. near Fourth— Furnished rooms, Jl
per week.
FOLSOM. «5. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or cingle: new met.
CEARY. 40S <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 9C7— Nicely furnished
parlor and bedroom: every convenience*; reas.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
ROOMS TO LET Knrn. and Infarn.
X- BRUNSWICK HOUSE, "liT'sixth^Roomi
JSc to $1 per night: tl 25 to S5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubsrriptione has been established at 10S>6 Va-
len< m st.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
THIRD. 340— One large front room, complete
for housekeeping; »7 per month.
TURK, ."107 —Front rooms; gas and coal stove*
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Carlton F. Whitten. 23, city, and Carrie M.
Hone. 21. city.
Rirhard S. Greene, 28. 918 Twenty-fourth
strret, and Maria B. Vanderkaay, 21, 2%4
Seventh street.
rv.minico Tascano. 24. Los Banos, and Roste
Tamiffo, 17. SIS Green street.
Louis H. Eckhardt. 27. 721 Hyde street, and
Maty A. Hoey, 24. 721 Hyde street.
Edward A. Fischer. 33. city, and Isabella
Spitier. 25. city. . ;u
Axel Sod^rlind. 24, 520 Bush street, and Car-
dlr.a i>lson. 27. city.
Charles W. Wright, 23. Mayfield, and Clara
Scott. U. Mayfield.
B. J. C. Smith, 61, 785 Cacp street, and
Rnsina H. Tread well, 21, 516 Ban Joee avenue.
Pletro Ferro, 30, San Mateo, and Carlota Gar-
baldl, 20, city.
linns E. Rynning. 26, Oakland, and Esther
Hr.lmyr, 26. Oakland.
Victor Demarttnl. 25, 420 Filbert street, and
Sophie Ferrea. is. 713 Filbert street.
l->o<lertok W. Peters, 29, city, and Mildred O.
Colbert, 13. city.
Plerro <"ar.devan, 29. 1010 Hyde street, and
MARKET. IS24— Coey room; folding bed; raorn-
ir.st fun; rent t%.
7:30 am ' Winder. • 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm <:22 pm
~.*n am! ' illopl.ind andl '
J8:00aml Ukiah. (.7:35 pmf 6:22 pm
7 •»oam " * 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 P m
FULTON. 121 V4 — Three etinny front furnished
rooms; gas; water; large yard; also unfur-
r.irrifd; rent Jl6.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., January 25, 1900.—
Scaled proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. February 24.
IX-0, and then opened, for construction of
power-house, electrical machinery, heating
Evs-tem. ice machine and cold storage, filter
plant, kitchen and laundry machinery, etc..
for U. S. General Hr.spitnl at Presidio of San
Francisro, Cal. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bids in whole or
in part. Preference givon to articles of do-
ries-tie production, conditions of price and
quality (inrludlnff in the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
tucn preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast, to
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
piicatlr.n to J. M MARSHALL. Deputy Quar-
torma<tpr General. Chief Q. M.
CLAFSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore st.
CLAY 2421, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 101 (50c per
share* of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st.. on and after Thurs-
day. February 1. U*CO. Transfer books wilt
close on Friday. January 26. 100n. at 3 o'clock
p. m E. H. 6HELDQN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
XjESSEEJ
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
RAY FRANCISCSO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WFFK D\YS- 7- 30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:33.
S%aM*io P. m. Thursdays-Extra trip
at 11 30 p m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1.50
SUnV^S-'oO. 9:30, .11. a. m.;.l:Sr>. 8:30.
B: SANRAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCSO
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.. "-4S.
3?40. 5:10 p m. Saturdays-Extra trips at l:5o
SUNDAY^sTIb. 9:40. 11:10 a, m.: 1:40. 3:40. 5:05.
BetJeeiTsan Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above^
ROOM* Ftllt rtOCSEKEEPISG.
PT"<~IIA VAN*, m. rfzr FVI1 — Runny; furnished;
bay window; kitchen: pantry; folding bed; JlO.
BORROW nn diamonds and jewels; rx>iite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
feEWI>O MACIII.XES A.M> SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. l4s 6th: phone Mint 45.
AI-L kinds bnucM. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
ra!rin«r at lowest rates. ?o.i Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The Weekly Call,
IS pagp«. in wrarrer. for mslline. II rer year.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
j>^— nTßG~AiN~:"ia7«^V^slory~hiEh~etoopr
bay-window cottage: vestibule entrance; bev-
eied plate glass double doors; handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stair-
case and C'-x-frot newel post; parlor 14x17.
wainscoted dining rocm ir\l4; sitting room
{¦'-.114: wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
celling* 32 feet hieh; ventilators; piaster cor-
r.icet; par.try, plan? closet, etc.; 2 bedrooms
¦nd bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all. with double-door entrance under bay;
lot 25xl2f'. with a rustic stable 10x20 at end:
magr..nc>nt view: all for JISX'; no agents. J.
W. NEV/TON. 153S 12th aye.. rear X st.. Sun-
set district. 5 blocks from Golden Gate Park.
fd*t — TWO houses. 4 lot?, barn, granary, grist
mill an<i other business paying large for in- i
vestment; this in a prosperous country town I
near the city and i* a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN Si CO., 1 5_ M^ rk 5^_f t j
|iSOO— IMPROVED property in manufacturing
diet. l>> an estate, rent *j">: marine and Park
view building lota. Stanyan ft.: villa lots on
Ocean bou'.evard and couth of Park; investi-
gate. J. FRANKEL. room 75. 120 Putter St.
FOR sale, chear>— On Howard Et., between
Fourth and Fifth, lot I5xSO. with 6-story
bullfJlnc rerun* at $140 per month. Apply
BEW DRUG CO.. Alameda.
NEW ccttapes. houses and fiats for sale on
PJerce and Waller sts.. near Halght: over 30
houses sold in same block. Terms to suit by
V NELSON, builder.
FOR tale, cheap — New 5-story houses. 7 rooms;
latest Improvements: Nee and Hill sts.; near
<"artr<-»-rt. oars; patent sidewalk.
%VX>— HOUSE and lot; bargain; part cash »f de-
sired. Mclaughlin a- co.. 777u Market st.
REAL ESTATE COI'MKV — For Sale
NEAR town In Tehama County. 444 acres; 65
acres full bearing orchard; 200 acres loam; 141
acres good for wheat: balance pasture: house.
barn: price JlO.^jO; easy terms. M. GRIFFIN,
T29 Market ft.; illustrated book free.
STOKAGB AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage nnd Moving Co.
Of fie. 4»1 Post st.. cnr. Powell: tel. Main S7H.
alamedaldyertisements.
AIAHEDA REAL ESTATE.
A HOME— Perd description, condition and loca-
tion. I will find you one A. R. DENKE Sr..
;«0Q Wi»hMer st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 4-rocm cottage; polished floors, cove cell-
inps and picture molding; stationary tubs; all
modern furnished; close in: JSoO. Call or ad-
dress 2137 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
jir,Oo_7.r>OOM house; lot 50x100; $200 cash,
balance < n terms tn suit. W. C. MORAN.
PUVSICIA.MS AND SLHGKOXS.
PARALYSIS:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS:
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES;
CONSUMPTION:
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cored where all others have failed.
NO DRUGS* NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. STRATTON. HI. 608 and SCJ. Par-
rc*t bulldlne. (Over the Emporium.)
DR. C. C. O'DONTCELL— Office and residence.
IOIHj Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
FHOTOGIIAniIC SUPPLIES.
POLTCHROME paper, rich in tone, easy to
work: low price; temple dozen 4x5 and devel-
oper 'mailed iZe. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
A FINE suit to order JlO 76. or pants |3 75; our
specialty in remnants tllows us «« *fj l
ri.eaper than ready mafle. L. LEMOfc.
1117 Market ft., bet. 7th and *th. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; £32 Kearny, near bacto:
also ie<4 Market tt.. under St. Nicholas.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade eos-
tutners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
llclted. GOLDHTEIN & CO.. 753 Market st.
MASSAGE and Tnedical cjmnastics _civ<ri by
experienced nurse. Address box _ 4 f^_^* I__1 __
FlGER^s" sweepers" are ~» best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired ;-nd for sale at ¦>¦>. butter.
3F you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on H. COHEX. UT Third rt.
COLEMAN buysilothlnjr. »'j; l , c -»- b , r ,f ce c ' lr t °° l "-
carpets, old frrii: pend for him. 506 Kearny.
En£T~price~fur~ccJßr-cff clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. :08 Third St.: fend postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair Fpeciallst*. grow hair
or r.o pay: bock fcr Ftamo. 6 Eddy et.
WANTED^oTdTroId fcr manuf'K. 6.
Jeweler. S4S O' roll, bet. Powell ar.T Mason.
ETAUMEBINO corrected: b001.1.-t. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. ISIS linden. Oakland.
O'FARHELL. ?iy-Pcnny fumlnhed rooms and
clficei; elmtv; electric light*; day. wlc., mo.
WeeHy Can $1.00 Dei Year
Bread is the staff of life and hardtack
is the crowbar. .
MINNA. CCT. comer Eighth— Newly furnished
tar- window rocm. tl per week: transient.
Original Nashville Students.
OAKLAND. Jan. 25.— The celebrated
company of colored minstrels known as
Thearle's Original Nashville Students will
give two concerts in the auditorium of the
Young Men's Christian Association build
ing to-morrow, and Saturday. The pro
gramme will consist of Jubilee melodic?,
Plantation and camp songs, depicting the
outhern negro as he appears in home life.
Solos, quartets and choruses willalso be
given.
LEAVENWORTH. lUfr-Nioely furnished sun-
ny upper floor of 4 rooms, also back parlor,
bedroom: rent reasonable.
McALMPTER. 220%. opp. City Hall— Large fur-
nlf h*d back room with etove, tS; email room $5.
UINNA, ?S— Sunny furnished single and dou-
ble rooms, rt-c and $1 per week.
UINNA. €I— Five clean rooms for a quiet fam-
ily.
Contracting Plasterers' Agreement
At a meeting of the Contracting Plas
terers' Association of San Francisco, held
recently at the Builders' Exchange, 40
New Montgomery street, it was resolved
that on and after March 1, 1900, no mem
bers of the association will enter into any
contract or sub-contract to do any plas
tering or cementing for any person or
persons other than the owner or owners
or their authorized architects or agents.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: fl CO to 16 per week.
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
* Daily. t .Sunday exeepted. X Sunday only.
b Saturday nn!j
JLTne«il»T» mnd Fridays c Thursday! »nd Stmdmii.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry.
Week Day* 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Sundays.. 8:00.. 10:00 a. ra. and 1:43 p. m.
Steam-heaud closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$140.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. ISD9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-*7:00. *0:30. 11:00 a. m.; »1:45.
•3-40 5 - 15 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
"6:00. -11:30 a. m.; 1:15.
1:15 »4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m. -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25. -6:35. ¦ 7:43. '3:40 a. m.;
•l'-30 2:15, *3:40. *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, TV ednesdays and
qatnrdavs at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
mm U 'VDAYS-6:20. . S:C o, -IOW. ni:4s a. m.:
•1-40 »318. «:* 5 - *« :80 D - m - „ *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5M5. 6:43. 7:65. 8:45 a. m.;
19-15 2-35 3:43. 5:20 p. m..
FXTRA TRIPW on Mondays, Wednesdays and
S:W - 6:45 "THOUGH TRAINS. '
7 00 a. ra. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
8-40 p m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
8-00 a. m. Bundays-Tomales and way stations.
¦
Editor of "La Critica" Convicted.
The taking of testimony in the case of
G. Mancini, editor of La Crltica, charged
with publishing in October last a libelous
article accusing Dr. A. de Lucis of com
mitting a felony in Itab'.' was concluded
before a Jury In Judge Mogan s court yes
terday afternoon. Tho Jury retired and
after deliberating returned a verdict of
guilty. At the request of tho defendant's
attorneys sentence was postponed for a
week. ¦
MARBIED.
AITKEN— MOORE— In this city. January 24
lffOO, by the Rev. W. C. Jenkins, James Ait-
ken and Bertha Moore, both of San Fran-
clico.
HORTON— GILLESPIE— In this city. January
24 VMfi. by the Rev. John Hemphill, Fred E.
Horton of Wostfield. Pa., and Rena, only
daughter of Judge G. A. Glllespie of Sui-
sun, Cal.
STEIGER— GIBSON— In this city, January 17.
r*oo by G. W. F. Cook. Justice of the Peace
Emil F. Pteicer and R. Rae Gibson, both of
Han Francisco.
TAYLOR— EVANS— In Oakland, January 17,
1900 at the home of the bride's father, by the
rev Dr. E. R. Dille. Churchill Taylor and
Augusta Dela Evans, both of Oakland.
THOMAS— RICH— In Reno. Nev.. January 24,
I<io by the Rev. B. F. Hudelson. David J
Thomas and Melsena I. Rich, both of San
Francisco.
WETHERBY— MILLER— In this city, January
2i IWO. by the Rev. William C. Pond. Wal-
lace T. Wetherby and Belle L. Miller, both
of San Francisco.
WILLI— KNUTTE— In this city, January 22,
1300. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Simon Wllll
and Eda Knutte. IHI" '
ftttlO* Ocean Vie*. Hcmr.h Kan Francincu.. («:
•7:O4>a Kan Joso and V.'ay Stations (New
Alinoden Wednesdays onlj) *I:IOr
•BiOO* Man Jose. Tres riiios, Hautu Cms.
' Paeitle Orore. i'asn Kublea. San
.r lulls GU»i'<>, Hr.ir, Lompoo ami
. . Principal Way SUtimia *-ftl*r
•10:10* Pan. losi mil Vny hUtioim *«i33a
•Ui3Oa San Jnse and War Ktatioiia *3:UOr
tai43r San Mateo. ltalwooil. Meulo Park,
Palo Alto. BanU Clara. Him .Itxe.
Tres Finos, Santa t.'rnx. fit'jjiaa.
¦ --..'. : Uonterer ami raciiic drove t!O:3«A
»3:S«p9aa Joaeaud Way Stations *7:3»r
4l:lSr San Josoaud Principal War Stations *»:134
i3:OOr San Joso and Principal Wa7 Stations ?«:«<• 4
•*»:3<»p Han Jose and Principal War Stations •«:3.1 A
•fi>3Ar Ban Joso aud. W«r Stations tv.oo*
|11:45f 9aa Joaa and Way Stations »~i3or
COAST DIVISION (RroatlUaage).
(Third nnd To\vnsci;<l iifa)
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
BURNETT. 1428 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.lshed rmi.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
Wants Damages for Mob Violence.
A demand was presented to the Board
of Supervisors yesterday, by R. Goldberg,
who claims that he was damaged to the
extent of $417 10 by the depredations of a
mob of 200 soldiers. The latter, he says,
on April 6. 1899, willfully and maliciously
attacked his premises at Greenwich and
Lyon streets, broke down the store, de
stroyed and sacked it and finally set lire
to an adjoining store and partially de
stroyed the building belonging to the pe
titioner and the contents thereof, consist-
Ing of a lot of tailor's supplies.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HANSEN— In this city, January 24, 1900, to
the wife of Theodor Stone Hansen, a son.
MATTFELDT— In this city, to the wife of F.
\V. Mattfeldt, a Bon.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 25— Schr Bar
bara HernstPr. hence Jan 23. ' "^ :
USALr— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Newsboy, hence
"vENTURA— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Coquille
River from Hueneme.
FUR.KKA— Arrived Jon 26— Stmr Del Norte.
hence Jan 23; Btmr Orizaba, hence. Jan 24.
Sailed Jan 25-Stmr Laura. , Pike, for San
Francisco. -V.-l- _„.»_
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Finance.
''saSled" Jan 25— Stmr Advance, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HULL— Arrived Jan U— ltai bark Mario, hnc
A Manila— Arrived Jan 25— Br stmr Flint
shire, hence Dec 17: U S Btmr Grant, hence
D YOKOHAMA-Salled Jan 23-Br stmr City of
Jan 25-Br stmr Mlo
wera. from. Sydney.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr .'vVerk
nniiiim from New York.
Sailed Jan 25-Stmr Statendam. for New
,York. • ' * ' ' '¦•'••¦
CtAST DIVISION (Narrotr <.;iu S r).
(Fool c» Market Street.)
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modem service; elevator:
bath: rooms f>c to $1 EO day. MRS. J. KINO.
AT E2 Second— nice r.ew papered and reno-
vated front rooms: tl SO to $2 50 a week.
A-'THH ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bufh et.. ad-
Jninlr.ir the Rurs Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA, 23S Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
tner euite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all conveniences.
E II Lentze, CSN
B Tappan, U S N
Capt Peshine, USA
E R Butler. T7 a A
H O'Neill. USA
W C Gilllnan, Toledo
W P Colt. Lima
F E Ware, lowa
Mrs F E Ware, lowa
Mrs A Ware, lowa
E M Lion, S Jose
L S Hirsch. S Jose
W E Sharon, Nev
J A Carson. Boston
G E Griswold. Chgo
C A Sherwood. N V
F T Dußois, N V
E C Mix, N V
Mrs E C Mix. N V
J Maude, Riverside -
Mrs J Maude, Riversld
O W Powers. Salt Lake
H Locksmith N V
II W Wckham, N V
Miss A. Byrne, N V
Miss E Hickejr, N V
It O'Connor, N V
J Moorsey. Cal
Mrs J Moorsey, Cal
Mrs J H Miller, Sacto
J L Brizzolari, Or
E Rautman, Md
A E Price. Vancouver
G Williams. San Jom
A Monattl, Modesto
M J Wright, Sacto
Mrs M'J Wright, Saeto
Mrs E E Maxwell. Sac
Master Maxwell, Sacto
J R Pendergrass, Cal
R A 81/Ur. Cal
H C Wa«aon, Toledo
H C Doerr & w. Cal
Dr J Clark, Gllroy
F J Brandon. San Jose
G H Wright & w. Mass
G Bishop & w. Mass
H H Potting & w.Mont
O O Wllcox, Chicago
Mrs G G Wllcox. 11l
Mrs G H lott, Chicago
E E Smith, Sacto
J L Gillette, Merced
W D Pinkston. Auburn
Mrs L Urown, Oakland
W Martin & w. N V
D S Rex. Seattle
S Herry. Btockton
J B de Jarnatt. Colusa
J Barnes, Seattle
A Dickerson, Pomona
3RN HOTEL.
J McCourt. Manila
G E Rowe. Manila
J A Wallace, Seattle
A M Robbins, Nebr
J D Lewis, Fresno
C Watson, Ukiah
B F Donaldson. Wash 1
J L Smith. Cal V
J E Hall. Sta Rosa
M Freeman, . Stockton
A C Bingham, Cal
P A Demens. L AJig
Dr W P Gillett. N T
C A Robert. Cal
R Graham, N V
H H Taylor. Cal
W -Mayer. Cal
Dr D Waltland, Chgo
Mrs D Waltland. Chgo
L II Rowe, Berkeley
J S Dobson, Wash
D C Wlllett, Chehalls
W B K»rd, Cal
S W Meyerfleld. N V
L W Pratt. N V
L Blumenberg, N V
W F Tucker, USA
C H Iluddock, CHgo
W D Gregory, Chgo
O A Waiirensketer, 111
J A l^wis, Chicago
E O Miller, Visalia
J A Thompson, Balto
Mrs J A Thompson,
Md
A Gluchsman. Wl»
Mrs A Gluchsman. Wls
J W Pnrmelee, Chgo
C E Smith. Pa
F P Shunk, USA
G L Slmmlns, Sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
S T Murchle, Nev City
J It Bowden. Bacto
O Morn.-tn, Sacto
T T Gunn, Bacto
C P Benson. 11l
T G Smyth & w, Kans
Mrs H D Nuh, Sacto
O H Rostern, N T
Mrs M B Roy. San Jose
T B Moors, Marysville
A J Ross, Sacto
J Rocers, Cal
W H Wyrick, Cal
I> II Dollar, Usal
G C Moser, Portland
R C Hunt, St Paul
J Barberls, Seattle
C B Shaver, Fresno
L P Swift, Fresno
W D Crlchton, Fresno
A W Maltby & w, Cal
J A Linscott. Cal
O Butler, Los Gatos
A H Hunt, N T
H E Hart. "vVU
J Lagomarslno, Cal
J Cooper, St Cloud
H Scher & w, Caldwell
W E Brady, Portland
Mrs A E Christy. Mo
W C.Christy. Bt Louis
NEW WESTI
T Jones. Sacto
H O Menton. Cal
J W Miller, S D
J Benson. Oregon
E Hulbert. Wash
II P Brown. S Jose
J J Dilly, Manila
J is Tomllnson, Manila
J P Robinson. Manila
W H Glbben.wf. Idaho
Be sure you are right— then hold the
stakes while the other fellows bet. ' ; *•_
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement* and subscriptions has been opened
et 1223 Polk Ft.; open until S p. m.
CELEBRATES AN ANNIVERSARY
Interesting Programme of the. Nano
Nagle Debating Society.
The Nano Nngle Debating Society cele
brated yesterday- the one hundred and
twenty-filth anniversary of the founda
tion of the Presentation Order at the con
vent on the corner of Powell and Jx>m
bard streets. The programme was as fol
lows:
"The Sinking Ship," chorus; eulogy on Nano
Nai?le, Mlfs C. Bricca: piano duet. Miss K.
Cashin and Misu K. Meade: Milton's sonnet on
his blindness. Juniors: explanation of above.
Miss T. Maloney: "Let Krin Remember,"
chorus; "Sketch of a Great Nation of Ancient
Times." A. Kenniff: recitation. Miss K. Cash
in: "Sweet Spirit, Hear My Prayer." chorus;
debate: Affirmative— Mif« K. Cashin, Miss K.
Meade; negative — Miss L. Hemy. Mls« A. Tay
lor; medley of popular airs. Miss A. Kenniff.
McAVOV «fe CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1235 Market st, between Eth and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
mbwriptlons has been established at the
north»prt corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Rts.; ri*n until 9 p. m.
MARKET. I<2S— 2 rooms furnished for house-
keeping: $11.
FULTON. C 7J — Three furnished rooma for
houoeke^ping; rent $11.
TAYLOR. 207— Nice *unny rooms for housekeep-
ing, gas. bath, etc.; also etnrle rooms, pri-
vate, ohear.
FOURTH. 525— Furnished room suitable for
lixbt housekeeping; aiso single.
BAIXBOAD TRAVEL.
EDDY. 915—4 unfurn. sunny rooms: finely pa-
p*TPd; all conveniences; fine location; private.
FIFTH. MS— Two furnished room* for house-
k>--<=pir.c: r^nt cheap.
FIFTH. 2Z,3 — Newly furnished, double parlors,
kitchen and hath. $20; pjso tingle rrap.. $t up.
MRS. GREENAN'S TRIAL.
Charges Against Principal Are Heard
by School Board.
The trial of Mrs. Rebecca Greenan, prin
cipal, of the J. W. Taylor School at Sun
nyvale, on charges of neglect of duty was
commenced yesterday morning before the
Board of Education, and the whole day
was consumed in examining twenty wit
nesses summoned for the prosecution. The
trial was held behind closed doors. There
were present President Bergerot of the
old board. Superintendent Webster, Di
rectors Mark, Klncaid. Casserly and Den
man and Eugene Deuprfcy, attorney for
Mrs. Greenan. Mr. Bergerot was an active
participant In, the case, because the
charges were filed with him last Decem
ber, and to protect his interests, as Mrs.
Greenan has brought suit against him for
$25,000 damages for defamation of charac
ter.
Mrs. Greenan took the stand and denied
all the charges, which she said had been
prompted- by malice on the part of her
enemies. The other witnesses examii.ed
included Mrs. Nora Nickells, divorced wife
of Alfred Nichells, who was ruled off the
racetrack for questionable practices, Carl
Dieckmann, Martin Mullin, Mrs. Parollni,
present principal of Sunnyvale School,
Miss Power, Mrs. Annie Sickmann, Mrs.
Rose Ferro, Mrs. Rose Hutchinson. C.irl
Blanken and Mrs. Van Deelan. The te-ui
mony of most of the witnospos was unfa
vorable to Mrs. Greenan. hut the latter
will be afforded the chance to rebut tiieir
testimony next Tuesday, when her wit
nesses are to be put on the stand.
SJILLBRAE lot* and blockn: fenced; water
works. BUTTEF.FIELD. 9?7 Market et.
THf-. »3 pw acre up; farm Mstj free fare. M
GP.IFFT:N. 71? Market *t.. "«-ar Call bnlidlnc.
Wedded at Visalia.
VISALIA, Jan. 2r..— John O. Thomas and
Miss Harriet Curtis were married in this
city to-night. Both are prominent society
people, belonging to thtf oldest and best
families in Tulare County. : Mr. Thomas
1b County Recorder. The wedding party
left for the north on the midnight train.
'OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
6ANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
*tock lands; owner's sale In tracts of 5 to 600
•ere*: easy terms, or will exchange for Pan
Frarc;«co property. Apr>!>' to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and G. C. VACHELL. JO Montcomery
*t. between 11 a. m. and I p. m. daily.
Class Elections.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 25.—
To-day the Junior and sophomore classes
elected officers for the ensuing semester.
In the sophomore class the honors were
distributed as follows: President, F. W.
Bancroft; vice president, F. H. Boren;
secretnry, Percy McDowell; treasurer, J.
Burt Gll'dersleeve; sergeant at arms. C. T.
Stephens; executive committee— A. E.
Cooley, R. S. Fisher. M. F. McCormick.
The Juniors elected as follows; Presi
dent. N. G. Simonds: vice president, J. A.
Bentley; secretary. A. B. Lemmon; treas
urer, F. D. Hamilton; historian. Winifred
J. Morgan; sergeant at arms, O. B. Cald
well: baseball manager, H. J.. Edwards;
track manager, C. A. Car.twell.
ROOM? ranered from $3; whitened. $1 ud:
painting don». Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or ccuntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
435 Montgomery tt.. rooms S-10: tel. 8120.
DYNAMITE ON FREIGHT
TRAIN EXPLODED
Terrible Accident on Central Railroad
of New Jersey Wherein Three
Men Are Killed.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Jan. 25.— A
freight train on the Central Railroad of
New Jersey coming down the "WUkesbane
Mountain this evening ran away. At the
foot of the mountain, near the Ashley
siding, the cars left the track and were
piled high In a big wreck. There was dy
namite In one of the cars and it exploded
with great force. The shock was felt for
a distance of twenty miles. The windows
In nearly every house in the town of
Ashley were broken. Three men, all of
them brakemen, were killed, two un
known men were fatally injured and sev
eral others were hurt badly. The dead:
frank Mclaughlin •of Mauch
Chunk, aged 27.
MICHAEL BIRD of Ashley, aged 22.
WILLIAM BUCKLEY of this city, aged
fcS.
PIIOI'ERTV WANTED.
W*> TO tf,no to invert for a lot neighborhood of
;North Beach. Address 2^lo Leavenworth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ant
Fubsrrlptloris has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky Fts. : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tUett-K-nts and subscriptions has been opened
at irS3 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptlcns has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st.
VERONA Dlace, 17. near Third— Sunny rooms;
$1 up a week; by a single woman. ¦.
TURK. E43— N'ce sunny furnished room; grate,
pas and bath; $S; private family.
TURK. r,42— Large alcove room: grate; Joining
bath; sun all day; prl. family: suitable for 2.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Charles M. Chase, by Henry A. and
Katy Chase, executors, to Charles S. Mann, lot
on S line of O'Farreir street,-182:6 E of Polk,
E 27:6 by S 120; $SSSO.
Bridget Egan to Frances McCarthy. lot on N
line of McAllister street, 72 W of Buchanan,
W 22 by N 137:6; gift.
Mutual Savings Bank to Harry Wheeler, lot
on N line of Waller street, 192:6 W of Bu
chanan. W 25 by N 120; $10.
George Whlttell to Anna Whlttell, lot on NE
corner of Baker and Lombard streets, E 137:6 by
N 137:6;. lot SE corner of Broderick and Lom
bard streets, S 137:6 by E 137:6; lot commencing
7S E of Baker street and 120 N Greenwich. E
100, S 35, NW 100. N 17; lot on W line of Bro
derick street. 155 S of Lombard, W 131:2, S 26.
SE 135 N 52:6; S Vi of Western Addition lot 563.
except on W line of Baker street. 137:6- N of
Beach, W 172:6. S 137:6 E 35, N 97:6. E 137:6, N
40- also lot on NW corner of Baker street and
North Point. N 240. W 137:8, N 35, W to Gov
ernment reservation. S to North Point. E to
beginning: also undivided one-half of the fol
lowing block: Beginning at NW corner of
Baker and Bay streets, N 275 to Government
reservation, S to Bay street, E to beginning;
'Harry F. and Edith Poland to Frederick T.
Roberts undivided one-half of lot on \\ line
of Dolores street. 208 N of Twenty-second, N
26 by W 123; $10.
James W and Mary A. Scott to John J and
Rose Sexton, lot on E line of Dolores street,
51:6 Nof Day, N2sby E 100; WO- M 1
Hannah and John McAlist^r to William H.
and Mary Woodward, lot on W line of Dolores
street. 55 N of D-n-an, W 55:10, XE 110, S 9a;
Edward B. anS Mary F. Hlndes to J. L. Has
kell lot on N line of Pine street, 137:6 E of
Taylor. E 59:6 by X 155: $10. ¦ .
Kate, Daniel W. and David H. Brown to
Kate I. Howard, lot on E line of . Larkin
street 70:6 X of California, N 36:6 by E ICO:
also all interest in the estate of Rebecca A.
Howard; $10. • - -/; ,
Mary E and J. H. yon Schroder to Catherine
Callahan, lot on SW line of Sixth street. 36
SE of Minna. SE 50 by SW 75, quitclaim deed;
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to t-°v\s
Metzeer. lot on NE line of Seventh street. lsO
SE of Bryant. SE 100 by NE 85; $14,181. .- .
Richard and Alice O'Neil to Potrero >»u«vo
Land Company (corporation), lot on E line or
Potrero avenue. 9S S of Seventeenth street
(Santa Clara). E 100, S 54, NW 101, N 48; $1.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company. A. Everett
Ball. C. C and Minnie G. Tripp to Rlcnard
O'Neil lot on SE corner of Seventeenth (Santa
Clara) street and Potrero avenue. S 98 by E
100; also lot on XE corner of Seventeenth
street and Potrero avenue. N 50 by E 100: $1.
Pacific Land Association, Clinton C. Trlpp
and A Everett Ball to same, lot on SW corner
of Sixteenth (Center) and Vermont streets, S
200 by W 100, quitclaim deed; $1.
Luke Kelly to Patrick Duffy, lot on %\ line
of Kansas street, 150 S of Sierra, S 25 by W
100; $,10.
Gustav H. Malech to John G. Malech. lot on
E-llne of Arkansas street, 100 S of Yolo, S oO
by E 100; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Minnesota
street. 123 X of Tulare, X 73 by W 100; gift.
Same to Theodore G. Malech. lot commencing
one the E line Of Maryland street, 125 S of
Marin. S 75 by E 100; gift.-
Eliza Peterson to Joseph A. Bush, lots 226
and 225. Gift Map I* NO.
Mary E. Rogers to same, lot on NW corner or
Silver* avenue and Craut street, X 104:7, W 50,
S 99:1V4. E 50, lot 23. block 4, College Home
stead; $10. 2 , ? ,
John M. Green to Marguerite F. Green (wife),
lot on XE corner of Wilde and Girard streets,
X 150. E 48:8. S 151:3, W 29:2, lot 4, block 33,
Paul Tract; sift.
Olive Verkouteren (by attorney) to Solomon
Goldstein, lots 14, 34 and 35, block A, Tract A.
People's Homestead: 111.
H H Fuller to Hey wood Bros. & Wakefleld
Company, lots 18. 19. 34 and 35, -block 21. City
Land Association: $10. ?
Benjamin S. and Abby P. Manchester to
Frank E. Smith, lot on W line of Buena \ ista
avenue, 60 S of Eugenia street, W 30 by S 17.
lot 287, Cobb Tract; $120.
LiUle E. Lincoln to Charles A. Lincoln, undi
vided 2-13 of lot on N line of Jackson street, 112
E of Fillmore. E 25:6. N 127:8V4. S 27:8U, \\
0:3 T i. S 100; $10. « _-. -
Alexander Mclaughlin to Sarah F. McLough
lln (wife), lot en 8 line of OFarrell street, 90 E
of Devisadero, E 30 by S 75; grift. "
William Wobber to Maria H. Wobber (wife),
lot on NE corner of Broderick and Orove
streets. N 50 by X 100: gift.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Thomas Conflidine.
lot on S line of Duncan street, 295 W of San
chez. W 25 by S 114 (quitclaim deed); 110.
James Downing to Mary H. Eldredge. lot on
W line of Diamond street, 149 N of Eighteenth,
N 25 by W 125; $1100. ,
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Fanny T. Sand
strom. lot on E line of Hoffman avenue (Ellen
street). 26:6 N of Elizabeth. N. 25 by E 90, lot 23,
Heyman Tract: JlO.
James de la Montanya to Sarah J. de la Mon
tanvaj (widow) and Sarah J. de la Montanya
(daughter), lot on E line of Taylor street. 62:6
N of Pacific. N 37:6 by E 125; $10.
San Francisco Bridge Company (corporation)
and J. and Lena McMullen to Atlantic, Gulf
and Pacific Company, rerecord ISI7 d. 131, lot on
SW line of Main street. 137:6 NW of Harrison,
NAY 50 by SW 137:6; $2500.
Oscar O. Dornin to William Sexton, lot on E
line of Twenty-first avenue, 130 N of A etreet,
N 23 by E 120; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Julius
Schroff lot on E line of California avenue, 200 S
of Eve street. S 50 by E 132: $350. . .
Same to same, lot on E line of California ave
nu»» 250 S of Eve street, S 50 by E 132; $350.
Magdalena A. yon Kendell (wife of Frederick)
to Daniel Moriarity. lot on N line of Farallones
street 450 E of Plymouth. E 25 by X 125. lot 19,
block 'X. Railroad Homestead No. 2; $10.
F S Wensinger to Patrick Conlan, lot on S
line of Eighteenth street and NE Danvers, E
71 S 121 W 2!». NW 127:6, block 2, Ploche arid
Robinson's Subdivisions of Market-street Home-
Eftate of Eugene Avy (by Alblna E. Avy,
executrix) to Timothy J. Harrington,- lot on SW
line of Fourth avenun. 340 N of N street. NW
BO by SW 2flo, lot 3.1. block S3. Tide Lands; $4000.
Ella Chielovleh to Mary. C. Fottrell (wife of
M J ) lot on S corner of Alemany avenue and
Harrington street. EE 99, SW 100. NW 85:6. NE
inn lots 54 and 55. Academy Tract;- also lot -on
NW line of Tharrsa street. 230:6 N of Telegraph
road, NW 100 by SW 100, lots 113 and 115, same;
$10.
\V. and Mnry A. Scott to John J. and Rose
Srxton lot on E line of Dolores street, 51:6 X of
Day. N 25 by E 100: $950.
THE Oaks lIS Third— A good rooming house,
fcr pood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
ROOM FUitnble for 1 or 2 In exchange for
assisting boy evenings with studies. 1729%
Mission st.
PERSONALS.
ROOMS TO LET — Fan. and Unfarn.
January 25, 1900, Theodore C. Avorden, a na-
tive of New Jersey, aged 39 years.
BACCIARINI— In this city, January 23, 1900,
Martin Bacclarlnl. beloved brother of Michel
Bacclorini. Mr. and Mrs. Sclarlni and Mrs.
Joseph Ghiggioli. and nephew of Domingo
Sclarini, a native of Switzerland, aged 32
years 4 months and 23 days. .
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 303 Montgomery avenue. A re-
quiem mass will be celebrated at Sts. Peter
and Paul's Church for the repose of his
soul at 7 o'clock a. m.
BLETHEN —In this city. January 25. 1900.
Annie J., beloved wife of Clark Blethen. and
mother of Stella A. Biethen. a native of
Maine, aged C 6 years. (Oakland. Cal., papers
please copy.) .
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
BOWMAN —In this city, January 21. 1900,
Orlan M. E. Bowman, infant son of Martin
and Henrietta Bowman, a natlre of San
Francisco, aged 2 months.
CARLIN— At sea, on board steamship City of
Peking. December 30, 1599, Commander James
William Carlin, U. S. N.. a native of New
York City, aged Cl years.
(CTFrlends and members of the Bohemian
Club ar# respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral services this day (Friday), at 11:30
o'clock, at the First Unitarian Church, corner
Geary and Franklin streets.
DE FIGUEIREDO— In this city, January 26,
1900, Mary, beloved wife of V. L. De Figuei-
redo. mother of Jennie De Figueiredo, and be-
loved daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Glo-
ver, and darling sister of George A., John
F.. Stephen C, Maggie A., Jennie T., Dr.
C. A., Andrew J. and James J. Glover.
DEVLIN— In this city, January 24. 1900, John,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Devlin,
father of James, Hugh, John, Alice and Katie
Devlin, Mrs. F. Abry and Mrs. James Tyr-
rell, and brother-in-law of Patrick and
Thomas Martin, a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland. ¦'•-*':
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1920 Filbert street, between Laguna
and Buchanan, thence to St. Brigld's Church,
where a solemn high mass will be offered for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Golden Gate
Council No. 60, O. C. F., are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
friend, John -Devlin, this day (Friday), at 9
o'clock, from his late residence, 1920 Filbert
Etreet. By order
F. H. JACKSON, Councilor.
M. BOEHM. Secretary.
DURKIN— In this city. January 25. 1900. James,
beloved husband of Eliza Durkin, a native of
Ireland.
EINSTEIN— In this city. January 25, 1900, Mor-
ris Einstein, beloved husband of Mathilda
Einstein, and father of Mrs. Theo. Mansfield
of New York, a native of Germany, aged 70
years and 8 months. l
ET'Notice of funeral hereafter.
FRIEDMAN— Entered Into rest, January 21,
1900. at the Palace. Julius Friedman, a na-
tive of Mltau, Kurland. aged 77 years.
ETFuneral cortege will leave Third and
Town?end etreets. Sunday. January 28, at
11:15 o'clock, by special train, to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, where- the remains will be
cremated. In accordance with the wishes of
the deceased.
GRISWOLD— In this city, January 25. 1900, Au-
gustus H., beloved husband of Harriet B.
Griswold. and father of Harriet B. and Wil-
liam Griswold. a native of Ohio, aged 71 years
and 11 months.
HOECK— In this city, January 25, 1900. Thomas
Mchols Hoeck. only and beloved son of
Mamie and the late Thomas Hoeck, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 years 3 months and
25 days.
E7"Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
O'BRIEN— In the City and County Hospital,
January 23. ISOO, Sarah O'Brien, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 42 years.
CPONNELL— An anniversary mass of requiem
for the repose of the soul of the late Katie
J. O Donnell will be celebrated at St. Agnes
Church to-morrow (Saturday) morning, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock.
KENWICK— In this city, January 24. 1900,
James, beloved husband of Anna. Renwick,
and father of Mrs. R. H. Roane and the late
Mrs. William MeNauehton and Kate and
Ixmlse Renwick. a native of England, aged
71 years 9 month? and 1 day.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Grace
Methodist F.piscopal Church, corner Capp and
Twenty-first streets. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral car, cor-
ner Twenty-second and Guerrero streets, at
2:30 o'clock. Please omit floweri.'
RICKOFF— In this city. January" 23, 1900, Lucy,
beloved wife of Charles Rlckoff. and mother
of Luthnr. Arthur, Nettle, Myrtle and Flor-
ence L. Rlckoff.
C!7lnterred January 25, at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
SWEENY —In this city. January 24. 1900,
Thomas U. Sweeny, a native of New York
City, aged 70 y«>ars 4 months and 3 days.
IC7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Sunday. January 2S
at 1:30 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner
Seventh and Market streets, under the aus-
.ploes of California Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F.
Interment Odd Fpllows' Cemetery.
THORNTON— In this city, January 24, 1900,
Harry A., beloved son of William and Annie
Thornton, and brother of Kittle, Meda, Haiel.
Willie and Eugene Thornton, a native of
Seranton, Pa., aged 15 years 7 months and 24
days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 77 Wood street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WENSINGER— In this city. January 24. 1900,
F. 8.: beloved husband of Theresa Wensin-
ger. a native of Switzerland, aged ?< years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
XAVIER— In this city. January 24, 1300, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of John Xavier, mother
of Nellie Larkin, Joseph, Martin, John,
Mary and Isabel Xavier, and daughter of
Kllen and the late Martin Lynott, a native of
New York, aged 45 years.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(.Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 2563 Post street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Cnlvary Cemetery.
DALTHE'S DEATH
TO BE AVENGED
Expedition Sets Out From New Brit-
am for the Admiralty
Islands.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 25.— The Bteamcr
Miowera, from Sydney to-day, was in that
port when the Moresby arrived with the
news of the killing of Captain Dalthe and
his crew by natives of the Admiralty Isl
ands, with whom they had been trading.
The captain was killed with a knife from
behind and • his companions butchered
with equal cowardice. Forsythe, the own
er, and the crew of the schooner Nugara
had a narrow escape also. An 'expedition
to revenge the massacre has set out from
New Britain. •;!":
VAUDEVILLE MANAGERS
FORM BIG COMBINATION
Nearly Every Prominent House in
This Country Bepresented in
the Association.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.— The methods of the
theatrical syndicate have been closely
copied in the formation of a vaudeville
combine, the details of which were con
summated in Chicago to-day at a meeting
of leading managers. * -'. - .
The conference which resulted In ihe
formation of the syndicate, which Is ad
mitted to be the largest In the United
States, was attended by the following:
Michael Shea, Toronto and Buffalo; M. C.
Anderson, Columbia Theater, Cincinnati;
Drew and Campbell, Star Theater, Cleve
land; George Middleton, Columbia Thea
ter, St. Louis; Ed Mcyerfeld and Fred
Beck, Orpheum circuit, including Omaha,
Kansas City, Denver, San Francisco and
Los Angeles; Colonel John D. Hopkins,
Chicago, Nashville, Memphis, New Or
leans and St. Louis; Kohl and Castle,
Michael Shea, Charles B. Kohl and Ed
Meyerfeld were chosen directors, with
full power to act. As the combine now
stands It will be possible to book attrac
tions straight for a season of twenty-five
weeks and this time may be extended to
the entire season should the magnates
conclude to double on drawing attrac
tions. Cincinnati is the. only city In
which the syndicate will find opposition,
the management of the Fountain Theater
In that city not being connected with the
combine. It is the purpose to form a
co-operative agency in Chicago and an
other in New York. The former will be
managed by the Western Vaudeville
Agency, which has been in existence for
for some time past, and the New York
agency will be established as soon as pos
sible. John D. Hopkins explained that
the combine had been formed for the gen
eral good of managers and performers.
Salaries of the latter will not be reduced
by the syndicate. ¦• ';
"FIFTIETH ANNUAL STATEMENT OF* THE
CONNECTICUT
Fire Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD,
J.AJSJTTJ^R,Y 1, 1900.
CASH CAPITAL „ $1,000,000
. 5 THE ASSETS OF THE COMPANT ARE AS FOLLOWS:
MORTGAGE LOANS _ 81.100.540.00
COLLATERAL. LOANS .. 80.000.00
REAL ESTATE - - Z2t.T00.00
CASH OX HAND AND IN BANK -.. 224.6ft0.65
CASH IN HANDS OF AGENTS _ 174.35«.10
i •; ; BONDS. 'Par Value. Market Value.
Dominion of Canada, 4 per cent -. J1C0.000.00 Jlo2.fiCO.oo
State of Georgia. 4'i per cent _ ? 25.00C00 25.730.M
Territory, of Arizona _ W. 000.00 53.&T0.00
City of Astoria. Oregon _ 17.000.00 r».r>2o.no
City of Dallas. Texas « 12.C00.00 12.600. 00
City of Duluth. Minn : 3.206.00 3.20<1. 00
City of Fargo. N*. D., « per cent .. 8/00.00 8,3«O.0O
City of Fargo. N. D., 1 per cent _ 9.000. 00 9.533.00
City of Helena. Montana....:.. «... 20.000.00 11.400.00
City of Mlddletown. Conn... - 10.C00.00 10.3C0.00
City Pawtucket, R. I - SO.CCO.OO 31.5W.00
City of Portland. Oregon >......... J...' 25.(ir.n.00 23.750.00
City of Richmond. Va - EO.COO.CO 50.n00.00
City of Salem, Oregon - 11.r00.00 ll.SSO.n©
City of Salt Lake. Utah - 40.W0.C0 44.000.00
City of Seattle, Washington ...:.*....«......... 23,(X.0.00 23.5»xr00
City of Urbana. Ohio ' -... ..-. 15.CC0.C0 15.C00.00
Hennepin Co. and Mlnneapolli City. Minn — 25.000. 00 25.000.00
Wayne County. Michigan _...V..:.:...1.... 25.0C0.00 26.230.00
Mankato School District. Minn I 13.C00.00 15.0nn.00
School District No. 24. Marlon County. Ore 15.C00.00 14,040.00
South School District Notes, Hartford, Conn 15.0C0.C0 23.000.00
Black Rocks & Salisbury Beach St. R. R. Co 10.0fi0.no 10.0n0.09
Broadway & Seventh Avenue R. R. Co - 20.0C0.00 21.f10n.00
C. B. & Q. R. R. Co.. 3«-i percent 8.000. 00 6.000. n<»
C. 8.-&Q.-R. R. Co., 4 per cent 6.000.00 6.120.C0
C, B. & Q. R. R. Co.. Consolidated 7 per c«nt 5.0C0.P0 R. 600.00
Chicago, St. Louis & New Orleans R. R. Co 23.000. C0 14.23". n»
Chicago & Northwestern R. R. Co '. 5.000.00 8.4C0.C0
Chicago & Western Indiana R. R. Co 23.000. 00 2S.Kt9.CO
Cm.. D. & Ironton R. R. Co.. Guaranteed 15.000.00 14.500.P0
Cm.. Hamilton * Dayton R. R. Co 50.000.00 52.500.00
Cleve., Cm. Chic. & St. L. R. R. Co 10.C00.00 J. 300.00
Cleve. Electric Railway Co W. 000.00 2n.6n0.f10
Cleveland & Mahoning Valley R. R. Co :...". 10.000.00 12.500.00
Dayton fir Michigan R. R. Co ...-» 15.C00.00 27.500.00
Detroit. Grand Rapids & Western R. R. Co , 3.500. 00 3.231). 00
Kitchburg R. R. Co -.. 60.000.00 52.5 M.00
Harlem River & Port Chester R. R. Co.. Guaranteed 40,0o«).00 44.8W.C0
Hartford Street Railway Co 35. 000. C0 25.23n.00
Illinois Central R. R. Co 25.CW.00 24.5f10.00
Lehl«h Valley Railway Co 23.000.C0 15.150.60
Lynn & Boston Railway Co 10,000.00 10.*v).00
Minneapolis & St. Louis R. R. Co 80.P00.00 45.000.00
Norfolk. & Western R. R. Co 25.000.00 23.250.00
North Chicago Street R. R. Co 10.f00.00 10.500.00
N. Y. Central and H. R. R. R. C» 23.0C0.00 2n,500.00
N T., Lackawanna * Western R. R. Co ••••' 15.000.00 2».250.00
N V., N. H. & H. R. R. Co.. Debenture Cttt 40.000.00 65.750.00
Perm. & N. Y. Canal A R. R. Co 25.0n0.00 M.500.00
Port Reading R. R. Co 10.000. 00 10.5f0.00
Southern Pacific R. R. Co J9.0C0.00 40.550.(X»
Pt Louis & San Francisco R. R. Co 25.000.00 K.Oflfl.OO
Toledo & Ohio Central R. R. Co 13.000.00 15.JC0.00
IVaterbury. Conn.. Traction Co 10.0C0.00 10.200.00
W. Chicago St. R. R. Co JiM^-22 • 10.5f0.0rt
W Chlcaeo St. R. R. Tunnel Co 10.0C0.C0 lfl.lfio.eo
Adams Express Co •••- S-™-™ M.000.00
Brooklyn V.'hnrf ft Warehouse Co 70.CM.00 67.CC0.c0
Chicago Edison Company 23.000.00 r.Offl.OO
Hartford Electric Light Co 12^S2 IS'SC 0 °°
Minneapolis Cas-Ll(?ht Co Jf^S 33.75f1.00
People's Gas Light and Coke Co.. Chicago 25.CC0.00 26.250.00
Northwestern Telejrraph Company ¦ -•••• J^ •''*•.00. 00 16.500. C0
Central Safety Deposit Co.. Chicago IS.P^O.OO 15,000.00
Traders' Safe and Trust Co.. Chicago • 10.000. 00 10,000.00
STOCKS.
ilfi shares Bald Eagle Valley R. R. Co., Guaranteed £-*™% 114.C5.W
-94 shares Chic. Bur. & Qulncy R. R. Co P.-^^ 43,0<5.00
160 shares Chicago A- N. W. R. R. Co 15.CC0.00- X.700.00
™ shares Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific R. R. Co J*2JS 25.*94.P0
150 haws N T. Vent. * Hudson River R. R. Co 15.0n0.n0 19.500.00
3-5 shares N T.. N. H. * H. R. R. Co ..•—" 37,500.00 77.825.C0
Infl shares Pitts . F. W A Chicago R. R. Co •"- 30.0T0.00 64.000.00
*00 «harel Fmp re * B. S. Telegraph Co.. Guara. 'Ed * O^ M 14.J00.09
m Ihllll Northwestern Telegraph Co.. Guaranteed ......:.... 30.000. 00 J4.200.00
1941 9 4 l^l Fa^^an^M^h"^ 1 S& ftSSSA STiTSg^S iSlgg
?S5 "haris F?r«TNatlonal Bank. Hartford 1J522-2X ' «•"*>•<»
'00 ihar" Hartford National Bank. Hartford.... !?'^'^ 4rt.6C0.00
4?2 Shares National Exchange Bank Hartford.. ».«00.00 IS.JM.M
i snare! SSSMSW S^.^££^^-^~^ t^S tSS
™TJr*r
R- E l^4:To^REiNsuRAN(^:::::::::::::::: 1 «^I^
TOTAL ASSETS ' f3,56».451.75
J. D. BROWNE, President.
CHARLES R. BURT, Secy. L. W. CLARKE, Ass't Secy.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH,
Manager Pacific Dept.
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent tor San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
aDr.jGJibbon's Dispensary,
02i> X EAB3JT ST. Established
In 1 H.I t for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease Teartngon txxiyand mind and
iskln Diseases. Thedoctorcureswnett
others fall. Try him. Charts low.
t'ur»sa«r»ntrril. Callorwrita
Dr. J. *¦. uIBBV.\, Box 1937.5au Frandaco.
ROSEDALE. tn Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
Z'-<- • night: SI a week: transient.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis st— Incandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par*
lor; rooms, per nlsht. 35c to $1 BO; week, $2 to
$S; month. $8 to J3O; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SfTTER. 1111, nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
Finsrle suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
TEHAMA. r.9— Furnished rooms to let; by the
week or month.
ROOMS WAXTED.
WANTED— By responsible party. 3 or 4 fur-
nished rooms for liKht housekeeping or small
furnished- fiat, north of Market st: rent must
be reasonable. Address box 4175, Call. •¦•« ¦¦
TW> or three unfurnished sunny rooms; upper
floor: by middle-aged lady. Address, with
terms and location. A. M.. 2109 Howard St.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
SAN Kmnclsco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety—Many cases of diphtheria and scarlet
...\. - bring reported In the city, it has been
decided to admit no visitors cr friends of the
children at the San Francisco Protestant Or-
phan Asylum for the present. The health of
the children at the institution is excellent,
and thl* precaution Is to keep It so. By order
of the president.
M. P. MacCRKLLTPH. Secretary.
OFFICE—QO3 BROAIJWAY
O IKI.AM) REAL ESTATE:
3 NH^\" hous^e, Ju*t complete*!; the latent im-
provements: ranging in price from $1600 to
ISTCO: convenient to station: they are bar-
ralii* and worth the time to examine them;
flrtt aro*. first choice.
1002 BrosdVay.' Oakland.
OIKLAMJ KL'R.MTCIIK POII SALU.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
fure'.tur* dealer. lHh and Franklin. Oakland.
llfiCTlTKn.f PAI'IFIC €O3trA?rX.
(PACiriO HVSTCM.)
Train |#n«» nnd art dae to f.rrif ••
NAN FIt.»MI%«O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
X.BAVE — From Dxczmbsx IX 1839. — AUtrrV
T_rf>ave I Arrive
San Francisc6. In Effect San Francisco.
, — October la, 1 ,—, —
Week I Sun- 1839- Sun " k
Days, j days. Destination, days. | Days.
7;3oam S:Co"am ~~Novato. 10:4? am|B:4o am
i-30pm 9:20 am Petaluma. 6:0o pm;10:25 am
5 : 10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm) 6:22 pm
HENRY J. GALLAGH2ZR CO..
(Successors to Flannasan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMIiRS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln. School.
Telephone South to.
7-30 am S:ooam| Sonoma 10:10 am! 8:40 am
I . and N . •
6:10 pm 5:00 pm] Glen Kllen. S:f>s pm' CT&2 pm
7 SO am! 8:00~am| SebastopoL |V>:4') am! 10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:C> pm| t I '-'^ pm] fi:^> pm
•7:OOa Benlda, Suimo, E'mira. VacaT&le,
Btunseyand Hacrur.ento *7:t!%r
•7»00a Bh»su Express— DaTia. WUleirs,
Bed BhiflT Portland »7i43»
•T:3Oa Martinez, ian Umaou, Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatcn and Santa Rosa •0»l. - >r
••iSOa The Overland Ll mited— Ogdem. Den-
ver. Omaha. Chlcaso *Sil3y
•>iao* 3au Jose, LiTermore. Stockton,
luno, Haciarncuto. Placerrille,
Marjs»iil«. Chico. ltedltliiff MtM»
•HsSOk •Slilton. Oakdale and Honor* MilSr
*9:OOa nayrcurils, Nilca and V.'ay Stations. *t 1:13*,
•«:OOa Davie, Woodland. Knights Landing,
MaijsTllle. OrotUle- •7j43»
•0:OOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden and Em* "O:!.!*
•OsOOa Martinez; Trscy. Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced and k'resno •12:13p
•B:»Oa Fort Costa, fresco. Mojare and Imb
Anielen. •fl:-l-1r
•10:004 Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations *6: l."ir
•I I:OOa Haywarda, Niles ard Way Stations. •H ls*
•IStOOax Niles. LiTenaore, Htockton, Hacto-
.'. .... i I ¦ento. ilendota, Usnford, Viaalia,
Pcitenlllo MilSg
f l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Stenmer*.'. t"«:Oor
•3:OOr Hsywardft. Niles and Way SUtlocs. *3x I3p
•4:O«r Mnrtluez. Bau lC.itnoii. V.illrj...
Nap*. <.'al!*tr>|jiv. Manta Koaa *»<» < I •"» *
•4i««r Bcnleia. Vscarllle. Hacramentn.
Wooillanil, Kni;.l.fi Landing-,
MarmUlw, Oro»ilW»... ••«:«.¦!%
•«iBO P Nl!es. Han .loneon.l Stockton *?>l3y
•3:OOrXli« Owl Lliaited— Tracy. Fresno.
BakenSeltl. Baugus for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Angelea aI«i4SAa l«i4SA
«3>oOf Sonset IJrtited— El P»»o. New Or-
leans and East elOrtS*
•3»3»r Stockton. Merce.l. Tresno *12:13r
•.1:Ul»p Vinno. Uakenlicl'l. Santa RarWa.
lies AcsGles, Dcmln?, ri Fa«\
Key OrL-ons and East *^i|-»*
•3i3«tp Bunt* lV limit,-— Atomic Eipreaa
for Moja»« and Vml "•rl.ip
•8:OOp HaTwarus, NilesamlSan Joso •7;l-'»»
t«:tlOi- Vallejo 'laillr
•«i3«»r Oriental MaiK-Ogiien and Fast »S:sof
}7:00p Vallejo, Putt UosU and Way Mu-
ttons. J»:33f
Miiiup Oregon and Culifornla rxiiresn,Hac-
rameuti). ?lorjsvi;i«-. K.-l.linK.
rortl.m.t. |'iic-c SoMtul nii-1 1 :«n» *Ail.i 4
*tm3ANewaik,l>ntcrtitlc,San.lo*j. IVlton.
•Eookler Creek.Sauta Cruz and Way
Stations •S.BO
tSilSr Newark, Centertllle, San .li.no, New
Almadeo, Feltcn, Ikmlder Creek.
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations t*®*-™*
•4il.lrNavark.Han Jose.. Los Gatos. t>:2O4
IllstSr ITuntcrV Excursion. Sac Jew and
Way Stations jT'*O»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Spring*; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs- at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for* Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
KelceyvlHe. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Sprincs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs,' Upper Lake, Porao,
Potter Valley. John Day's. •Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe, Orr^s
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Brag*.
Westport, Usal, WHUts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mings's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 650 Market st-. Chronicle bid?.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
11New Transportation Company.
Articles of incorporation of the Ameri
can Commercial Company were filed yes
terday. The object of the formation of
the company Is to conduct a general com
mercial, transportation and ship building
business. The capital stock is $25,000. aU
of which has been subscribed. The direc
tors are Thomas Kelley, John Gilbert
Frank L. Foster, M. V. Osborne and E.
Thorrold. ,•.-..
Dr. Parlcer-B Cnueh Cure. One dose will stop
a. ccugh. Never fall*. Try It. All druggists. •
Mrs. James was so frightened that she
did rot leave the hnuße until her husoani
returned home in the evening.
Mr?. James described the mon as being
of tho tramp species. One of them. «he
said, wn? about GO years old. grayhea.led
ar:<l was minus his front toeth. His com
panion was al>out 25 years old, clean
shaven and had dark hair.
¦ «£§!> Top
/<C\s^l Coats*
'tyrjrfi \ tan and covert
\fi J cloth, 'in full
JO | [ winter weight.
p~ \ There's nothing
lf& '»i» i as ooc^ as crn l
Mb £¦ f or 5'5 ' a £ es 3
•HF H-i^ *° "^ years. For
If -^&3- * xvo days only at
¥% , $3.45.
Knee Trousers.
Odds and, ends in Knee Trous-
ers, about 150 pairs, in Chev-
iots and mixtures, ages 8 to lJj..
To close at
IBc
INCORPORATED,
THE FRISCO BOYS.
Cor. Kearny St. & Union-Square Ay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kentucky was the first state to, give
school suffrage to widows, granting it in
1838.
No. article'- of » furniture should • receive
more: attention, than the refrigerator. V lt
should be washed and dried every- dayjv
In the Divorce Court.
Jennie Barnum was granted a divcrce
from "William H. Barnum yesterday on
the ground of willful desertion. Suits for
divorce have been filed by Ella Murphy
against William Murphy for failure to
provide. Ruth Vlerra against Anton J.
Vierra for cruelty and Clara La Tourette
against Albert La Tourette for cruelty
W§*3r&%M CHURCH
||||g|§g| FORtmURE
Arrested on Suspicion.
George Sponagle and John Edwards,
alias Holly, an ex-convict, were arrested
on Stockton street early yesterday morn
ing by Policemen Hurd and Fennell and
locked up in "the tanks" pending develop
ments. Sponagle had an eight-day clock,
a pair of shoes and two ladies' belts and
could give no satisfactory answer as to
where he got them. They are believed to
have been stolen.
Mrs. M. G. James, who resides at C 72
Mission street, visited police headquarters
last night and reported that two men had
forced their way into her home durir.g
the afternoon and carried away a number
of unopened letters and several articles of
value.
Mrs. James stated that the two men a re
plied at her door for something to eat an-1
she told them that she had nothing to
give them. She foolishly let them knur
that El»e was alone, and the bold fellows
pushed their way Inside. The woman was
bo surprised at their action that she was
unable to give an alarm. Both men hur
rledlv looked around for things of value
and "appropriated them despite her pro
tests In passing through the hallway to
escape one of the men saw a number of
•etkled letters and put them In big pocket.
HENRY MILLER of the firm of Miller & Lux, cattlemen, was thrown
from a buggy near Gilroy yesterday morning and painfully though
not seriously injured: He was brought to his home in this city, 34
Essex street, during the afternoon and placed . under the care of the
family physician.
The accident happened while Mr. Miller was driving from his Bloom
field- ranch to Gilroy. where he Intended to take the "flyer" for this city.
At a point where the wagon road runs near the railroad track the horses
took fright at a passing train and became unmanageable. They dashed
along for some distance, when the vehicle capsized, precipitating the cat
tleman to the ground. His driver, McMullen, was also thrown, landing on
top of him. The force of Miller's fall was somewhat lessened by the soft,
grassy ground on which he fell. .
A carriage was summoned and the injured man was taken to Gilroy.
He was suffering severely from the. shock and It was found that the muscles
in his neck had been sprained. Mr. Miller was brought to tho city by his
daughter and" George T. Dunlap, his business manager.
DTyTTCJ U T? C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDJIU Oil 1-iO '"• bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, ita-
titeinen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
HENRY MILLER.
fH £ 19-MATZOS
The Baa Francisco Matzo Co.* factory and
main office at 1130 Howard st., telephona South,
467. Sample* already. Matzoa. 6c per pound;
rratzo rural, 8c per pound: m-vtzoa baked with
eggs. 13c per pound; macror.es. 40c per pound.
Orders also taken at 1210 Folsom »t-. telectiona
Folscm 031.
BEGGED FOOD AND THEN
COMMITTED A ROBBERY
TRAMPS BOLDLY ENTER A HOME
IN BROAD DAYLIGHT.
fllrs. 11. G. James Notifies the Police
of the Daring Deed of T\7O
Unknown Men.
Bohemian Glassware
Bargains.
It's Worth Your
Coming Just to See.
Qreat American Importing Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere*
too Stores.
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
Resignation cf President D. J.
Staples and Other Changes.
Recent Important changes in the ad
ministrational affairs of the Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company, at 401-407 Cali
fornia street, are worthy of notice.
Hon. D. J. Staples, who was the efficient
president of the company for a third of
a century, resigned that position this
month owing to increasing years and the
press of private responsibilities. He was
succeeded by William J. Dutton.who was
a&sociated with Mr. Staples for many
years. • Bernard Faymonville, the able
and efficient secretary, was advanced to
the position of vice-president. ¦
J. B. .Levison was elected second vice
president and marine secretary, which
latter position was held by him for many
years. By reason of these advancements
Louis Weinmann became secretary of
the company. F. W. Lougee, who is well
known in linancial circles, was re-elected
as. treasurer. Stephen D. Ives was also
re-elected as general agent.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany is one of the most powerful assur
ance corporations in the country and is
the largest ever organized west of New
York. It is one of a comparatively few
assurance corporations which do the
largest business In the world.
While the advancement of the company
under the past- administration was re
garded as phenomenal, it is the general
opinion that with the new oincers in
charge its affairs will make even more
rapid and substantial strides in the fu
ture.
The company was organized in 1563. Its
officers are all Western men and its in
vestments are in Western enterprises, the
securities being in every respect gilt
edged. The policy of the company is to
keep its funds at home, so that to-day its
assets include many of the best invest
ments known to tho local world of
finance. Its assets aggregate nearly
$4,000,000 and the paid up capital is $1,000,
000.
The directory of the company embraces
several of the best known and responsible
men of California.
SAYS HER HUSBAND'S
CHARGES ARE FALSE
MRS. HARRIET KELLER DEITIES
SHE IS EXTRAVAGANT.
James B. Feehan, referee appointed by
the court to take the testimony in the
action for divorce instituted by Harriet
J. Keller against Herman A. Keller, the
well known mining expert, returned the
written evidence to the court yesterday.
Mrs. Keller seeks for a divorce on the
ground of desertion. She married her
husband in Denver, Colo., October 22, ISS3,
and was deserted by him, she alleges, in
October of IMS. She claims that Keller
is in receipt of a monthly income from a
London syndicate of 51000. Hence she
prays that in addition to a decree of di
vorce the court grant her alimony in the
sum of 1150 a month.
Mr. Keller is at present in South Africa,
but an answer to the complaint was tiled
by his attorneys yesterday. In his answer
he says that he receives an income of but
$4500 a year, and that this is largely ex
pended in his travels through Africa, Aus
tralia and South America in search cf
mines. He says that his wife's extrava
gance caused him to leave her and made
living with her impossible.
In her deposition taken by Referee Fee
han she says that she received a letter
from her husband written in Port Said
Egypt, in which he told her that as they
had no tastes in common he had con
cluded not to live with her any longer
She further testified that while they were
in this city they lived at the Hotel Pleas
anton and were very happy. Her hus
band's desertion caused her great worry
and mental distress, and his constant
charges of extravagance were based on
his own Ideas of the meaning of the term
Emily Helen Richardson, who resides at
1346 Hyde street, corroborated the testi
mony given by Mrs. Keller, and the case
was submitted to Judge Dougherty sit
ting in Judge Dalngerfleld's department of
the Superior Court, for decision.
DENIED A FRANCHISE.
Street Committee Turns Down Bay
and Coast Railway.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday morning and
voted to recommend that the franchise
asked for by the Bay and Coast Railway
be denied. A protest signed by the Real
Estate and Development Company against
the granting of the franchise was placed
on file. The protestants claimed that such
a railway would materially damage the
property in the vicinity of the proposed
franchise and that the plan is not feasi
ble for the reason that it is impossible to
construct and operate a standard gauge
track within the narrow limits of the
street without encroaching on private
property, and sufficient radius cannot bo
given to the curves of the track in turn
ing from one street at right angles into
another street. It was further claimed
that such a railway would be a serious
menace to life and property, as the pro
posed route would occupy streets In the
Potrero district which are now and in the
future destined to be the natural arteries
of large volumes of travel.
The reasons set forth by the protestants
convinced the committee and the vote
against granting the franchise was unan
imous. Supervisors Maguire, Curtis and
Connor all voting no.
The protest against the Southern Paci
fic Railway Company's tracks in the Mis
sion district was considered, but after
some discussion action was postponed for
two weeks to enable people to be heard In
opposition. Similar action was taken with
a protest of the West of Castro-street Im
provement Club against the alleged nui
sance maintained by Gray Brothers in
their rock crushing plant at Clipper and
Twenty-fourth streets.
MDNYON'S INHALER
CURES
CATARRH
Colds, Coughs*
Hay Fever, Bron-
chitis, Asthma
and all Disease ¦*
of the Throat and
Lungs.
Clonda of Medicated Vapor tr» inhaled
thronßh the mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and Taporlzing all the lnQaoe<l
and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
medicine taken l2to the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals Via row
places— lt goes to the seat of disease— lt acts as
a balm anil tonic to the tehnle system— fl.o0 at
druggists or sent by mail. 1505 A rch, St., I'MU*.
CATTLE KING MEETS
WITH AN ACCIDENT
Josseiyn on Trial.
Marcus Josselyn was placed on trial in j
WILL GO EAST
IN SEARCH OF
MODERN IDEA
Plans for the New
Hotel Crocker.
WILL COST A BIG FORTUNE
?
WILL EMBRACE BEST ARCHI
TECTURAL FEATURES.
John Manor. y of Mahony Bros., con
tractors; W. B. Faville of Faville & Bliss,
architects, and General Warfit-ld. man
ager of the California Hotel, will leave
lor the East this morning for the pur
pose of Inspecting the principal modern
hostelries of the Eastern cities. They are
being sent by the Fred Crocker estate,
anc the object of the trip is to gather
Information and ideas to be used in con
nection with the proposed Hotel Crocker
to be built at the corner of Van Ness
avenue and Sutler street. It is calculated
to combine the most valuable features of
the Eastern hotels in the plans for the
Hotel Orocker, with the intention of mak
ing 1t one of the finest and most com
plete buildings of the kind on the conti
nent.
The hotel will be constructed by Ma
hony Bros, from plans drawn by Faville
& Bliss. General Warfield is to be the
lessee. It is calculated that the hotel will
cost at least $I.j<W.(AW. and it will take
about two years to complete it. It will
be a building of eleven stories and will
be constructed of brick, iron, stone and
steel. It will be as nearly fireproof as
modern architectural science can make it.
Even the woodwork Is to be mechanically
treated and tested to make it proof
against the element.
It is the purpose of the managers of
the Crocker estate to make the structure
not only an ornament to the city but a
monument to the late Colonel Fred
Crocker. Messrs. Mafcony, Kaville and
Warfltid will remain in the East for sev
eral months on their tour of inspection.
Ground will be broken and worn com
menced aa soon as the plans are com
pleted.
Dropped Dead While Playing Cards.
Mrs. Farah Friermuth dropped dead at
her residence. 2OVs Page street, last night
while playing a game of cards will
friends. The Coroner was notified, but at
the request of relatives the body Vvns
moved to an undertaking establishment,
where an autopsy will he held to-day. De
ceased was 71 years of age and leave.- 1 a
grown daughter. Heart disease was evi
dently the cause of death.
Do You Know What It Costs a Prima
Donna to Dress?
Next Sunday's Call will contain a page
of splendid photographs of Emma Ne
vada in some of her most handsome
gowns— poses taken especially for The
Call. They will be the best photos of the
Fongstre?s ever produced, and the article
describing the great value and matchless
beauty of the singer's gowns will be most
Interesting.
WHILE workmen were engaged in razing the ruins of
the old Bush-street Theater shortly after noon yes
terday, a heavy truss on which two men were work
ing suddenly snapped and precipitated the unfortu
nate laborers. Edwin Woodriff and Joseph Augustine, to
the ground, a distance of thirty feet.
Woodriff and Augustine were sent to work on one of
the two heavy beams directly over the stage of the old
playhouse to clear away the lighter work surrounding it.
They had almost completed their work when the heavy
timber broke in the middle and fell with a crash into the
pile of old lumber and debris in the back of the lot.
So suddenly had the charred timber broken apart that
no word of warning could be given to the men by their
comrades below, and almost before their horror-stricken
fellow laborers realized what had happened the unfortu
nate victims were thrown to the ground and covered with
flying debris.
Judge I.awlor's court yesterday on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon
made upon the person of James G. Smart.
Smart testified that on August 5. -IS9S. the
defendant and his father were occupants
of a lodging house at Market and Ellis
Ftreets and were sold out by the Sheriff.
He bought a chair, but when he went to
take possession young Josselyn sent a
bullet, through his hat. Josselyn has been
tried before for the offense, but the Jury
disagreed. The trial v.ill continue to-day.
SMITH GIVES
REASONS WHY
HE LEFT HOME
WEALTHY MILLER
STRICKEN DEAD
IN HIS OFFICE
Charges His Wife
With Cruelty.
? •
SAYS SHE DROVE HIM AWAY
.' ¦
HE ASKS THE COURT FOR A
DECREE OF DIVORCE.
Morris Einstein Had
No Warning.
•
HEART DISEASE THE CAUSE
*
COMPLAINED OF FEELING ILL
AT THE LAST MOMENT.
?
Charles H. Smith, cashier of the South
ern Pacific Company, filed suit yesterday
for a divorce from his wife, Josephine
Smith, on the ground of cruelty.
In his complaint Mr. Smith alleges that
the cruelty Intllcted upon him by his wife
was both mental and physical, and that
for the past seven years he has been
forced to live apart from her. Not many
years after their marriage, which took
place May 4, 1878, he says his wife began
to accuse him of unfaithfulness and
charged him with neglecting her for other
women. Finally she charged him with
every crime known to the code, accused
him of stealing from the Southern Pacific
Company and did her utmost to wreck his
happiness and life. When they were liv
ing in the Grand Hotel Mr. Smith charges
that his wife would wait until he was
asleep and then strike him in the f*>ce
and call him "dog" and "cur." Again he
'accuses her of forcing his son to assault
him and horsewhip him without cause or
provocation. She also blackened his eyes,
he alleges, and at a later date, at a social
gathering, vented her hatred by throwing
a glass of wine in his face. For these and
other specified reasons he asks that a de
cree of divorce be granted him on the
ground of cruelty.
In 1893 Mrs. Smith sued her husband for
maintenance and the court allowed her
$1(0 a month. Mr. Smith asks that this
amount be reduced to $30 a month, which
he says is sufficient for her support and
needs.
?
Morris Einstein, proprietor of the Com
mercial Milling Company, died of heait
disease about 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon while sitting in a chair in his of
fice. 119 Bluxome street. He had been in
good health for some time past, and com
plained of feeling 111 only a few minutes
before he expired.
Mr. Einstein was a native of Bavaria,
aged 71 years, and came to this country
in the eariy '50'b. settling at Gllroy i; c
finally removed to this city and amassed
considerable wealth. Owing to the illnens
of Ills brother Jacob he recently assumed
control of the interests of the J. Einstein
Milling Company and consolidated it with
his own ' -mpany. He was well known as
a promii.ciit member of the Produce Fx
change.
¦Mr, Einstein lived with his family at
2321 Sacramento street, and was taken
there instead of to the Morgue as Dr
Herzstein, the family physician, an
nounced that he would sign the death cer
tificate and assign the cause of death aa
: heart disease. •
Their escape from Instant death was little short of
miraculous. Had the heavy beams fallen flat on the mass
of debris the men surely would have been crushed to
death. It is only due to the fact that the beams found solid
lodgment against the adjoining building that the men owe
their lives.
As soon as the dust had cleared away Woodriff and
Augustine were taken from the ruins and sent to the City
Receiving Hospital in an ambulance which had been hur
riedly summoned. Examinations showed that Woodriff
had sustained a fracture of the left leg above the ankle,
and had probably received internal - injuries. Augustine's
condition was more serious, he having received a lacerated
scalp and a probable fracture of the skull. In addition to
a badly sprained back and some internal Injuries. Augus
tine since his arrival at the hospital has been suffering In
tense pain, and the doctors think his recovery is doubtful.
Woodriff, they say. will pull through.
200 Blue Rough Twill Chev-
iot Suits, elegantly made and
trimmed; the extra trousers
have double seats and knees;
they're made for wear and
durability; thi Riefer style,
ages J;. to 10 xjears; the LiggT
boys, S to 15 years. The suit,
including tho extra trousers,
$5.00 values.
$2.55,
for Friday
and Saturday.
Bargain Prices
TWO WORKMEN BADLY INJURED
AT OLD BUSH-STREET THEATER
RAILROAD SCHEME TO
BOLSTER DAN BURNS
Plan to Scatter the Opposition
to Several Candidates,
Herrin Exclaims That His Personal Prestige
Is at Stake-That the Mexican ShalJ
Win or Nobody Be Chosen.
REPUBLICAN members of the leg
islature who honestly believe that
the < lection of D. M. Burns to suc
ceed Stephen M. White would put
the State to fharae will probably
take the Initiative at Sacramento next
week by organizing for effective work in
caucus. Last winter the Burns men were
organized and had the assistance of the
Republican State Central Committee.
Loading Republicans who were too inde
pendent to bow down to the yoke of the
Southern Pacific were not willing to incur
the displeasure of the Governor and the
Republican organization, especially at a
time when they had pot measures in the
legislature dependent for success on ex
ecutive favor, Hence ihey did not seek
to combine against Burns, but contented
tbesnsdves I>> voting against the objec
tionable aspirant.
During the extra session headquarters
of the Republican State Central Commit
tee will not bo established at Sacramento
to coerce legislators. Burns will not be
eble to poim to a vaFt hea l' of undi!!trll> 
uted executive patronage for bestowal on
Mexican sympathizers. The members
will be wholly indifferent as to the Gov
ernor's approval or disapproval of bills.
The only punishment that can be vis
it rd on a member opposing the election
of the Mexican is the enmity of the
Southern Pacific corporation.
The indications are that C. P. Hunt
lnston will not permit Herrin to inflict
much punishment on this score, as Burns
Is in the field to vindicate the political
Judgment of the law department, rather
than to extend the business operations of
the road. All the signs, therefore, point
to the compact organization of forty
three or more of the fifty-five independ
ent Republicans who balked Herrin and
Burns at the regular session. The mere
suggestion of such organization throws
the supporters of Burns into frantic rage.
A leader in the Burns corral says: "We
will smash the caucus scheme if any plan
Is carried out to settle the Senatorship
in a conference from which the minority
Fhail be excluded." Despite such threats
to smash the caucus the elements oppos
ing Burns will, be united.
Th*> railroad game is now well under
stood by the. opposition. It is already
known that hints an? thrown out that
Van R. Paterson. U. S. Grant Jr. and
Judge Barham have many supporters. It
is suspected that James V. Kelly and
Jack Sullivan, who are in Southern Cali
fornia telling V. S. Grant that he may
win without spending another dollar, are
working one end of Herrin's game. Grant
may imagine that he is still in the race,
but the politicians who are on the inside
know '.hat the railroaJ play at the pres
ort time Is to maintain a list of candi
dates in order to prevent a consolida
tion of forces against Burns. The indi
cations are that this play will be prompt
ly met by a conference of the opposition
to concentrate all the forces In support
of one candidate acceptable to the peo
j>i<*.
It is no longer a secret that Herrin and
Burns, having a premonition of such con
templated plan of organisation, hastened
the call for the extra session. Senator
Cutter's agreement surprised the cattle
in the corral.
In order to break the force of The Call's
exposure of the conspiracy in Jack
Wright's room at the Palace Hotel. Herrin
is spreading the report that he is no long
er a Democrat— that he renounced his nl
legiance to the Democratic party during
Cleveland's last administration. The tart
Is well known that Herrin and Jack
Wright are "dyed in the wool" Demo
crats. Ample proof can be produced to
show that Gage conspired with leading
Democrats in preparing for the special
ses>ion. But whether Democrat or Re
publican. Herrin is working in this cam
paign for the Southern Pacific road and
his own vindication. He dings to the
I^st tradition that the railroad owns both
the political parties, and that when the
railroad lash is cracked the members of
the legislature must bow their necks to
the yoke of the arrogant corporation.
At one time Californians were largely
interested in the ownership of the South
ern Pacific road, but Stanford and the
I Crockers have sold thtir holdings to a
I syndicate represented by Huntington. The
railroad influence at the legislature is not
as powerful as It was in the olden time
The burns column in the Legislature is
represented by thirty votes. Of this num
ber the colonel can hold twenty-six. He
shelled the wood.* and beat the brush on
the last day of the regular session anti
could not ir.crease his following above
the thirty mark. The assumption that he
has pained since adjournment of the last
I Legislature is not sustained by known
• facts or supg<*stive inferences. It is true
that the Southern Pacific claims that
thirteen have been added to the thirty.
This wouid give fojty-three, or a ma
jority of the Republican strength of
eiphty-five. The thirteen claimed arc Sen
ators Magrgard. Cutter, Dickinson. More
hnuse and Currier and Assemblymen
Raub. De Lancie, Mcrrili. Carglll, Biiss,
M'-rritt. Huber and Chynoweth. The
Call's information is that only one of the
foregoing legislators has shown a sign
of deserting the cause of the people and
.i«>inir.g tl:e ranks of D. M. Burns. On
the last day of the regular session one
Senator of the five above mentioned sug
gested to a colleague that it was time
to vote for Burns, but the member to
whom the sugpt'sui->n was made resented
the overture promptly and nothing more
was then said on the subject.
A short time slnci- a prominent Repub
lican, and one friendly to the railroad
people, visited Herrin and in the course of
a conversation remarked: "As regards the
extra session, Mr. Herrin. can you name
your second choice for Senator?" Herrin
exclaimed: "Second choice! Second
choice! There is no second choice; It Is
Burns or nobody. Barns must be chosen.
My personal prestige is at stake in this
fipht!"
Tlip fre«» and irriepenclpnt. Republican
member* of the Legislature may pause
and consider if the Interests and honor of
California are not moro worthy of main
tenance than the personal prestige of an
old-line Democrat who happens to be
employed r>n the political end of the
Southern Pacific law office. Herrin is a
good Democrat— or was a good one until
recently— but ho is not a shrewd politician
or particularly bright as a lawyer.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 26, 1900.
HEATHEN WAR
IN CHINATOWN
DECLARED OFF
Hostile Tongs Declare
for Peace.
GEE GUM TONG AS MEDIATOR
MERCHANTS WIIiL REIMBURSE
VICTIMS' FAMILIES.
Acting Chief of Police Still Demands
Information and Promises
From Highbinders Before
He Will Recall Officers.
The warring tongs in Chinatown have
at last laid down their arms and. agreed
to bring the hostilities to a close. The
treaty of peace, which Is expected to ac
complish the cessation of hostilities, was
presented last night to representatives of
the Suey Sing Tong and the Hop Sing
Tong, and agreed to by each party. While
it has not yet been signed by the presi
dents of the belligerent factions, yet their
representatives have pledged themselves
that the compact will go into effect im
mediately.
The Gee Gum Tong, one of the most an.
dent Chinese Masonic societies and per
haps the strongest in Chinatown, was di
rectly instrumental in bringing about a
pacinc condition of affairs. The tong has
been called upon many times before to
exert its influence in arbitrating tong dif
ferences, and has generally been success.
ful. In the present instance the Gee Gum
Tong was prevailed upon by the Six Chi
nese Companies, the Merchants' Associa
tion and the Consul General to attempt
to restore peace in San Francisco. They
undertook the task about one week ago,
but up to yesterday the prospects wers
most discouraging.
Obstacles were encountered at every
turn, but the peacemakers remained de
termined In their purpose. The Suey
Sing Tong signed an agreement of peace a
few days ago and It was later submitted
to Wong Shi Shu. who was then In the
neighborhood of Marysville, for his appro
bation. The president of the Hop Sing
Tong refused to sign and stated that his
organization would not drop its hatchet
until it had secured satisfaction for the
lives that had been sacrificed by it 3
rivals. Other hitches occurred and the
messenger returned with his mission un
fulfilled!
Acting Chief Blggy then announced his
Intention of bringing 'Chinatown more
closely under the ban of police rule. He
made decisive threats as to restrictions in
conduct during the New Year festivities,
and this obliged those who were acting in
the Interest of peace for the sake of
Chinese trade, to increase their efforts.
Asa result the representatives of the fight
ing highbinders were forced into a settle
ment last night and agreed that spite
and crime should be forgotten.
The terms of the agreement are singu
lar Inasmuch as no indemnity is asked by
either tong for the men that have been
slaughtered. It Is mutually understood,
however, that the families of the un
fortunate men shall not suffer or want,
and to this end the merchants will take
up a subscription to pay each family be
tween $150 and $200. The Hop Sing Tong
made the statement that only <»ie active
member of its tong had fallen a victim to
the assassins' bullets. This man they
claimed was a carpenter. Wong Yuen,
who was killed on Waverly place.
The question of paying indemnity for
each of the victims by the tongs at whose
hands they lost their lives was settled
by Consul General Ho Vow, who would
not permit any such transaction. He
stated that if any money was accepted in
exchange for the taking of life the tongs
would be obliged to hinder any movement
of the law toward the prosecution of the
murderers should they be apprehended.
The popular subscription for the relief of
the victims' families was his suggestion
and a clause was inserted In the procla
mation providing that the law shall be
permitted to take its course if the per
petrators of crime are discovered.
Wong Shi Shu is now at the Old Oak
mills, about fifteen miles from Calistoga,
and the president of the Suey Sins Tung
is in San Francisco. The former will
come to this city at once and when the
two meet they will append their signa
tures to the document of peace, which will
be placed on file. To-day acting Chief of
Police Blggy will be present at a meeting
of the Six Companies, at which the re
wards for the apprehension of the tong
leaders will be revoked. The extra re
wards for the apprehension of the mur
derers will also cease to exist.
Many Chinese who have been in hiding
for some weeks past appeared on the
streets last night and Chinatown donned
a holiday appearance. The notices of the
determination of the tongs to bury their
hatchets will be posted In the prominent
streets this morning-.
CHINESE GAMBLERS' SCHEME.
Four leading Chinese gambling-house
keepers have agreed to test the authority
of the police in stopping their games as
soon as a Chief of Police shall be named
by the Police Commissioners. The names
of the gamblers are Won" Fook. Chan
Chung, Goose Neck and Buck Eye. AH
have retained attorneys and will make
their fight on the ground that they are
operating under charters issued by the
Legislature for the conducting of "liter
ary and social" clubs.
For the past two weeks Acting Chief
Biggy has obliged all the Chinese clubs
to keep their doors open and their busi
ness has been practically ruined. The
leading gamblers have now agreed to
combine in an effort to prevent the police
from any further interference of this
character.
Wong Fook has been elected to open his
gambling-house and run it in defiance of
law, cr he will get an injunction in one
of the courts preventing the police from
entering upon the premises of his rooms
In order to make a test case.
DOUBLE S—W-t*
SEAT Jii' H
KNEE: rf^®"
$5 Values for
$2.55.
12
A Rotten Truss, Burned Through
at the Fire, Breaks Under
Their Weight.
Woodriff and Augus
tine Fall 30 Feet.