Bert, 18,500 mounted infantry,
1500 artillery and 60 guns.
LORD CHESHAM, THE BRITISH ROOSEVELT.
This nobleman goes to South Africa at the head of 2000 "Rough Riders
wrong whom are many members of the peerage including the Duke of Man
borough. Earl Dudley, Viscount Galway, Lord Kenyon and others.
Four missionary families of the Ameri
can Presbyterian mission In China Tver.;
alto robbed and their hcrrKS destroyed.
Upon the Catholic? the storm broke ;n
well nigh calamitous fashion. A number
were killed. 209 Camiliea Looted and many
hemee ar.d chapels burned.
A pitched battle was fought in Pin^-
ITaaihrin" A battalion of imperial troopj
vcz* ser.t out acainst th* reN--:s by the
ir.p.pistra;e at Chinas, all armed with
Mauser rifles. The rioters had no ftr«
crir.s. They, however, believed them
eelves invulnerable because nf certain In
carnations uttered while advancing, and
ttwy advanced 111 prepared, though con
f.c>r.t. apair.st the imperial troops. Th*
TVTirm n poured a hot fire into . th-jra £.s
they caire or.: bat on they fo'jg-ht d~s
r«£!y with swerds ar.d spears. Six hour*'
f-ghtir.gr left a hundred of them dead on
the field. Three soldiers "were killed ar.d
three wounded.
Another cuzbreak of great. fury !s re
ported from P^r.ghsein. There a priest
murdered with great brutality. His
t»ad wes severed from the body and fus
peaded from the top of a tree.
In Kwan Chenp-Hycn six Catholics were
isSrdcrecS. The missionaries of both d»
r.cmir.ctlor.* have appeaJed to their Ccn
eule for protection.
MISSIONARY CAPTURED
BY THE "BOXERS"
PEKING. Jan. 4.— The Rev. Mr. Brooks
cf the Church Missionary Society, sta
tioned at Ping Tin, In the province of
Ehar.tur.tr. wa« captured in the vicinity
cni murdered December 3 by member* of
a. Mditlooi society called "Boxer?." who
Jiave been active lately, destroying many
village* and killing r.ativp ChrisUar.s. The
Governor of the province has dispatched
& force of cavalry to the popne of th*» dis
turbance*, but the FoMiers arrived tou
late to save Mr. Brocks.
French Troops Routed.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 4— News has
reacned Canton that a battle occurred be
tween natives rear Wangchauan ar.d the
French forces stationed there. It is sa:d
that the Chinese routed the Frencn md
pursued them for Home distance. The
French loss was thirty killed. The Chinese
losses are not stated.
The battle occurred on the 10th and llrh
cf laet month. On hearing of the affair
the Viceroy dispatched three gunboats
with 1000 soldiers to restore order. The
Viceroy also wired the Ttung LI Yamea
Itklsg what Etep< are to b« taker..
/—h ALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL-
Q*i LINGTON HOTEL. WASHING
trJA TON. Jan. 4. -it is apparent to the
{djX authorities that Great Britain can-
not continue' interrupting neutral
trad* with a neutral territory without in
volving herself in serious complications.
So far as this Government is concerned, it
Is disposed to deal leniently with the Lon
don Government, while at the same time
safeguarding the Interests of American
citizens; but it is believed, in view of the
present state of feeling in Germany and
other Continental nations of Europe, that
a continuance of the policy of capturing
foreign merchant vessels may be produc
tive of intervention, which England is. de
sirous of avoiding.
It is felt by the authorities here that the
time has cemf- for the British Government
to declare what it considers contraband of
war. This Government has not requested
the London authorities to give an expres
sion on this point, but it is felt that if any
additional American cargoes are seized it
may become necessary to do so. The cap
ture of German mail steamers is naturally
a very different matter from the seizure of
American cargoes in foreign bottoms, for
in the former case there is the added in
jury sustained by the flag.
% Alexander Porter Morse, the well-known
international law expert, thus explained
the law in the case of the detention of the
German steamer General at Aden: «" -
"I assume that Germany can and £ill
safeguard the neutral rights of German
shippers and shipowners in the latest re
ported case of detention of the German
steamer General at Aden by the British
authorities. I am entirely satisfied that
the neutral rights of American shippers
and shipowners may be safely Intrusted
to the Secretary of State and the Ameri
can Embassador at London, without any
assistance from the outside. There are
?ome general principles, however, which
usually guide civilized states in this re
gard, which may be stated in response to
your inquiries.
"The principles upon which our Govern
ment and public vessels proceeded during
the civil war were embodied In instruc
tions issued by the Navy Department un
der the authority of the President.
"The Bubstance of them was that a ves
sel was not to be seized without a search
carefully made bo far as to render it rea
sonable to believe that she was engaged
article which ie either necessarily contra
band or which has- become so from speciai
circumstances of war is liable to confis
cation 1 , but It is usual for those nation*
who *-ary their list of contraband to sub
ject the latter class to pre-emption only,
which by English practice means purchase
of the merchandise at its market vaiue.
together with a reasonable profit, usually
calculated at 10 per cent on the amount.
This mitigation of extreme privileges i-=
also introduced in the case of products
native of the exporting country, even
when they are affected by an Inseparable
taint of contraband."
WILLIAM GROWS
WRATH Y OVER
THE SEIZURES
BERLIN. Jan. 4.— The imperial mail
steamer General has been detained at
Aden and occupied by British troops with
the object of searching her cargo, which
is to be discharged. The General is owne.l
by the German East African line, the
owners of the Bundesrath. previously
captured by the British cruiser Magicicune
off Delagoa.
The seizure of the imperial steamer Gen
eral has considerably aggravated the sit
uation here, and the indignation against
England is intensified. The Government
Is still earnestly endeavoring to preserve
correct official relations, but England wiH
do well to hasten to make the amende
honorable to Germany.
On absolutely reliable authority the cor
respondent of the Associated Press learns
that Emperor William is now thoroughly
aroused by the repeated seizures of ves
sels, not one of which, he has been as
sured, is guilty of carrying contraband:
He" regards the seizures as high-hand»d
proceedings which Engtauu would not
have dared to undertake if the German
navy were more powerful than It is. His
Majesty is s?id to he particularly in
censed because ir. formation has reached
him showing that the seizures were not
dtw( to the blundering' of British naval
officers, but to strict orders from rfiead
q'ia?t»rs. which the officers are , merely
ran?vtn«r out- He h*sthercffwi» instructed
Coitrit yon Bulow, the Foreign Secretary,
to' demand exact and full reparation for
the outrage done to the German flag.
No answer that Is consiuered satisfac
tory has been received from London, and
according to advices here none is to be,
expected for several days longer. 'i
To-day's news, induced *^
German Government to send another 2yv
more strongly worded protest to London*
Significant of the intensity of Germany's
indignation ajainst England in this mat
ter is a declaration published to-day by
the German Colonial Society, among
whose 60.000 members are a number of
reigning German Princes, which says:
"England's recent proceedings against
German vessels are an outrage. The fact
remains that the small respect which the
English people feel for Germany because
of her deficiency In naval power has taken
such deep root that the commanders of
English warships hasten to commit
breaches of International rights so long
as only Germany 13 thereby touch This
lack of fear to touch the German flag
must be thoroughly and speedily cured."
Indignation meetings have been called
by branches of the Colonial Society. The
German press, with hardly an exception,
thunders against England. Even the semi
official Berliner Post says: "It cannot be
denied that the indignation aroused by the
willfulness of the seizures by British com
mar.ders is spreading in wider and wider
circles."
HAMBURG. Jan. 4.— The German East
African Company publishes a statement
in the Hamburger Nachrichten saying
that Immediately upon the declaration of
war the company voluntarily refused to
forward to South Africa two consign
ments of arms already on board their
vessels, simply to avoid trouble and de
lay In connection with the other portions
of the cargoes.
A copy of the manifest of the Bundes
rath has been published, showing that her
cargo did not contain contraband. The
owners declare that there is absolutely
no foundation for the statement that sad
dles and other war material have been
found amid the cargo of the Bundesrath.
VIENNA, Jan. 4. — Diplomats here seem
to consider that Great Britain ought not
to have searched a German steamer In the
Suez canal.
The Welner Allgemelne Zeltung says
"lt looks as if Great Britain cared lsss
for the cargo In question than for demon
strating before the world that, although
most unlucky on the land, she is the ua
chalUrfiged mistress of the sea, a demon
stration which will do more for the Ger
man navy than all the ships of Emperor
William.
CHRISTIANS
ASSASSINATED
BY CHINESE
>
Anti - Foreign Demonstra
tions in Province of
Shantung.
*
HIOTERS ROUTED Bl
THE TROOPS.
of All Denominations
Appeal to the Consuls for
Protection.
C^ecla-! Dlrratch ts The CklL
."¥¦ -TICTOKIA. B. C. Jan. 4.— News was
• 1 / received by the steamer Queer. AC e
1 / lai<se of a great anti-foreign detn
1/ castration in Shantung, led by
the "Big Knife" or "Boxers" eo
dfty. one of the most powerful oi
•the Chirese secret organizations. Since
the Insurrection began there has teen a
"great loss to the missions ar.d much blood
has been ehed. A number nf mi«sior.s
liave been looted and destroyed, many of
them being la connection with the Ameri
can Missies Board. Some of the pr>r :a
¦end missionaries have been killed, and !n
m pitched battle with imperial trocps sent
t~ - ~~ them over a hundred rebels were
Enshein.Pir.gruanhein *.n<S ChihplngheJn
tre row the principal center of disturb
ance. Hfc.lt a dozen counties contiguous
to then, though, are affected. In the
west end of the province the rebels boa»t
tf having 900 camps and 30.000 members.
Arsctg the Christians who first suffered
*t the hands of the reb«ls were thirteen
families in connection wi:h the American
Mission Board at Paagchwang. r.tnr
Techcu. Their houses were looted a\-0
they wer* robbed cf property to the vaiui
cf O*> taels.
BOERS PARTLY
SURROUNDED BY
BRITISH TROOPS
[Special Cable to the Xew Tork Herald. Copy
right. I*ol. by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publication of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States acd
Great Britain.]
LONDON. Jan. s.— The Daily Mail pub
lishes this dispatch from its special cor
respondent:
RENSBERG. CAPE COLONY, Wednes
day, Jan. 3.— We set fire last flight to the
trucks of the wrecked train and their con
tents, and they are etill blazing. The
New South Wales Lancers performed the
duty under a heavy shell and rifle fire, to
which we replied. This lasted until mid
day, the Boers trying to loot the burning
trucks, but being compelled by our sheV
fire to retire.
Shrapnel burst right among them sev
eral times and must have done consider
able damage, many riderless horses rush
ing aboutthe veldt. Some of the'enemy
took shelter in the station house, but
were shelled out. The survivors galloped
away. -The Boers were seen to gallop a
gun through one of the passes. As they
I did so our artillery opened fire on them.
these recent small engagements
are all . done for the purpose of
keeping down Dutch disaffec
tion, and that there are likely to
be many more of the same kind
during. the next week or two.
From the important positions
at Modder River and Tugela lit
tle fresh intelligence came. At
Tugela yesterday the Boers'
trenches were subjected to what
seems to have been a very vig
orous bombardment, which did a
good deal of damage and stam
peded some of their horses. The
forces on each side may be
roughly stated as follows,
though from the nature of things
the figures for the Boers cannot
be more than a guess : ' Buller,
22,000 infantry, 3500 cavalry,
2000 artillery- and 7O\guns; Jou-.
Boers to come out into the open,
so action was for the most part
confined to the artillery on both
sides:
The arrival of General Gat
acre, however, with * reinforce
ments from Sterksstroom camp,
quickly converted a drawn battle
into a British victory ,4;he Boers
being driven out of Molteno and
back to their old positions at
Stormberg. It seems as if the
Boers' ruse was to leid Gatacre
into the difficult country which
was the scene of his reverse, but
the device failed. After taking
Douglas and hoisting the British
flag there Colonel Pilcher evacu
ated the town, taking the inhab
itants with him.
It is explained that this activ
ity on the part of the British and
The gun has not yet been heard to fire,
and we presume its escort were shot. We
have the enemy partly surrounded. His
lines of communication are cut off and the
roads and bridges are held. This accounts
for the strenuous efforts which the enemy
made to loot the wrecked food trucks. The
Berkshire* have been reinforced by the
Suffolks and hold the central position, in
which quarter desultory firing is still pro
ceeding. The Second Cavalry Brigade,
consisting of a battery of Royal Horse
Artillery, under Major Eurton. the Innls
killins an 3 Tenth Hussars command the
extreme left, the whole being under Col
onel Fisher. .The First Cavalry Brigade,
consisting of O Battery of Royal Horse
Artillery, under Sir John Harvis. the New
Zeaianders. mounted infantry and car
bineers, the whole being under Colonel
Porter, form the extreme right.
Major General Brabazon 13 In command
of the whole of this force. What we
much want is more guns of larger caliber.
If we had them we could do much dam
age. The peculiar division of cavalry, in
fantry and guns will be noticed.
GATACRE'S MEN
CLAIM TO HAVE
ROUTED THE BOERS
[Special Cabt« to the New York HeraM. Copy
right. 1309. by James Gordon Bennett. Re
publication of this dist>atch is prohibited.
All rights r«»*rve<i in the United States and
Great Britain. 1
LONDON. Jan. s.— This dispatch from its
special correspondent is published by the
Daily Mail:
STERKSTROOM. "Wednesday. Jan. 3.—
Early yesterday morning a large force of
Boers descended from Stormberg. on Mol
teno. which they occupied. They then
proceeded to attack an outpost of fifty men
stationed south of the town, at the same
time cutting the telegraph wire to the
south of them. This maneuver was. how
ever, too late, for authorities at Sterk-
stroom had warning and a reinforcing
force of Kaffrarian Rifles under Captain
Bonnie Me Lain pushed forward from
Bushmans Hock.
Firing quickly commenced and went on
for some hours until the enemy with one
gun withdrew, taking n^> a position on th*
hill ac Cyphergat. to the southeast of Mol
teno. From here they fired on an armored
train with effect.
General Gatacre then moved cp from
Sterkstroom with infantry, the Cape
Mounted* RiSes and artillery. He encoun
tered the enemy at Cyphergat. Our artil
lery at once opened fire on the enemy.
who Immediately disappeared over the
hilltops, removing their guns with re
markable celerity. We Cred only forty
rounds and then ceased. The Boers did
not fire even once tn reply. The Cape
Mounted Rifles and ilontmorency's scouts
advanced on the left Rank of the enemy.
the artillery following. Ail reached eamn
near Molteno In the evening without re
sistance, thus relieving the outpost. Th«
infantry did no fighting at all and the
British loss 13 nil. That of the Boers la
not known. The enemy's strength Is esti
mated at 2?CO or 3i>3o. It Is uncertain
whether General Gatacre will Immediately
follow up thi3 success.
MANY APPEALS
TO THIS COUNTRY
TO INTERFERE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— ln addltfoa tr>
Indirect suggestions from the Transvaal
Government for the mediation of the
United States to bring an end to the war.
Secretary Hay has been deluged with
requests from foreign and domestic bodies
and American citizens to use the Influence
of the United States to put a stop to fur-
Lboth MmwSferz and, Mol
teno 'W«Dndon receives
more cheering news this morning
than it did yesterday. Whether
General French has really been
reinforced from De Aar or not, it
is at least certain that his force
is holding back the Boers, al
though the town of Colesberg it
self has not yet been occupied,
and the enemy is being gradually
encircled. Moreover, the Boers'
retreat into Orange Free State
by the road to Bothas Drift is
cut off. The only possible route
open to them is that toward
Nojvals Point, whither some of
the Boers are reported to be al
ready making their way.- A pre
vious report has stated that Xor
vals Point bridge is commanded
by British guns.
The attack on Molteno, which
yesterday was only a matter of
report, is to-day confirmed. The
Boers are now in retreat. After
a night's march a force of
burghers of Stormberg seized
Molteno at daybreak on
Wednesday, at the same time
developing attacks upon the
Cape Mounted Rifles on the west
and on the Royal Irish Rifles
and others on the east of the
town. Although the little Brit
ish force at Bushmans Hock did
its best it could not induce the
in carrying, contraband of war for or to
belligerents and to their ports directly or
indirectly by trans-shipment, or otherwise
violating the blockade. As early as ITS 2
the Congress of the confederation de
clared it to be lawful to capture and ob-.
tain condemnation of all contraband
goods, wares and merchandise, to what
ever nations belonging, although found in
a neutral bottom, if destined for the use
of the enemy, and it was neld by the Su
preme Court in 1566 that contraband m-r
chandise is subject to a different rule in
respect to ulterior destination than that
which applies to merchandise not contra
band. The latter is liable to capture only
when a violation of the blockade Is In
tended; the former when destined to a
hostile country or to actual military or
naval use of the enemy, whether block
aded or not. Trade of neutrals with bel
ligerents in articles not contraband Is ab
solutely free unless interrupted by block
ade: conveyance by neutrals to belliger
ent." of contraband articles is always un
lawful and such articles may always be
seized during transit by sea. As there is
no blockade of a neutral port short of an
act of war the question of blockade does
not arise in respect to Lourenzo Marquez.
A well-informed publicist has eaid that
the interests of peace and commerce on
one hand and those of war on the other
have In conflict of forces rested at a prac
tical line of settlement.
"Interests of peace have prevailed so far
as to permit the carrier to transport con
traband goods subject to no other penalty
than loss of his commercial enterprise,
i. c., his freight and expense, while the in
terests of war have prevailed so far as to
permit a belligerent to stop contraband
goods on their passage and convert them
into his own use. The advantage of this
is that the carrying trade of the world
may go on subject to ascertainable risks,
which may be provided for by contract
and guarded against by insurance, and
producers and merchants can, continue
their business and procure transportation
without criminality, taking the risk of
capture and condemnation of noxious ar
ticles. *
"At the same time belligerents have fur
ther security of being able to condemn
all Interests Involved, whether vessel or
cargo, if there have been fraudulent prac
tice or hostile service. In strictness, every
POLICE JUDGE MORTIMER SMITH OF OAKLAND.
Police Judsre Mortimer Smith of Oak- 1
land indulged in a midnight •supper with |
some of those arrested at the now famous j
.— ra Oakland— raid of the crat> said*: run- j
ntnginJoe RosehbersTa ciga/ store, and.
this little fact is assuming maj\s than gas- ¦
tronomic importance.
jt is not that Police Judge Smith should [
fl}jp out, but that he should sup uuJf r j
->ach circumstances and with such com- ;
panions, which has caused the-^neident to
assume unusual proportions.
fThe Police Judge's little midnight sup
per occurred just as December IT «ai
merging into December IS. That was just
after the police had raided Joe Rosen
berg's cigar store and captured the crao
game that was there running.
This crap game and the raid upon it have
caused a great deal of trouble in Oakland.
and the incidents following it seem bound
to cause more. In the first place. Joe Ro
senberg is pretty well known in Oakland
and runs a very prominent place. Not
only was the game raided, but afterward
Rosenberg was arrested for permitting a
game to be run on his premises. This
made him very angry, and he has been
threatening all kinds of vengeance against
the police.
The police watched the place for a num
ber of nights, and, finally, just before mid
night, on December 17 they descended In a
body upon th? store, forced an entrance
and arrested half a dozen players and S.
J. Richardson, the banker, and later Joe
Rosenberg was charged with keeping a
place used for gambling purposes.
When the players were arrested they
sent for Harry Pulcifer. as their attorney,
for Joe Rosenburg to bail them out, and
Police Judge Mortimer Smith to fix the
bail. Before Judge Smith arrived the
police had fixed the bail at $30 for each
player and JICO for the banker. Bonds
¦were put up in most of the instances and
Joe Rosenberg furnished the money.
It took some time to have these little
preliminaries arranged. Then the play
ers gradually drifted out of the police sta
tion and back to their homes. They did
not like their experience and were pretty
free in their denunciation of the police for
the raid.
Then came Police Judge Smith's mid
night supper that has since made all the
trouble. After the prisoners had been
bailed, the Police Judge went to what Is
known as the "New Postofflce Restau
rant." on Eleventh street, between Broad
way ar.d Washington. This is an all
night enfe. m which there are a lot of
Little boxes separated by an eight-foot
thin board partition, ar.d Into one of the*«
went the Police Judge. He was accom
panied by Joe Rosenberg, who had just
secured the release of the crap players.
and S. J. Richardson, who was charged
with being the banker of the game.
The- supper wa3 modest. It did not-Jast
very long and was decorous in the ex
treme. It is not of record who paid tb»
bill, but that a Police Judge should have
gone out with men upon whom he *»J
shortly to sit In Judgment has been th*
cause of additional trouble and turmoil
surrounding the crap cases.
It 13 said that Police Judge Smltn was
heard to sympathize with the players o!
the game and to hold that there wa»
doubtful cause of action, and that the bait
demanded was excessive. There was
earnest dlacussicn cf these matters in the
little box over the midnight supper.
Police Judge Mortimer Smith admits hl3
visit to the restaurant with the men who
had just been released from prison, and
whom he was expected to try for crime in
his own court. But he denied any wrong
Intention In the matter. He also admits
having discussed the case with them at
that time ar.d detailed tha^descasiio^w J£*
"Harry Pulcif^ £arVe/i:/rrJF r.r¥i& ifrer
the arrest. He suggested that we so
downtown to the PostoSlce restaurant
and have some coffee. I don't know
whether It was a steer or whether the
others just dropped in on me. but Sis
Richardson was there and they explained I;
all to me. They said that the 'crap' tabla
was up against the wall when the police
came in and made the arrest. They said
also that no 'bones' had been thrown that
evening. I simply told them that I dtd not
see what they had to fear. then, and if
that was so the case against them would
not hold.
"This man Deacon claims there was
not sufficient evidence to convict, there
being no evidence of betting on the 'crap"
game.
"I have no doubt there were "bones'
thrown, and if Deacon had gone on tna
stand and te*tl3ed that there, was not I
would have held him for perjury."*
SEIZURES THAT
ENRAGE GERMANY
Great Britain Cannot Interrupt
Neutral Trade Witi t feu t
Serious Complications.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NATAL FARMERS SAVING THEIR STOCK.
(From the Daily Graphic.)
At the Beers advanced south of Ladysmith the farmers, who are in that section largely of English extraction,
took their cattle and horse? farther south, to be out of reach of the invader?. Now it is reported that General Bul
lets men are raiding the farms of the Dutch colonists in the vicinity of his camp at Frere.
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 3.— lntelligence has been received here from the Free State to the effect
that President Steyn has issued a, proclamation declaring th^t every white man, irrespective of na
tionality, is to be considered a burgher and is liable to be compelled to fight for the defense of the
country.
GATACRE'S FORCE DRIVES
THE BOERS OUT OF MOLTENO
LondoQ Receives More Cheering News F rom South
Africa, but a Decisive Battle Draws Near.
SAX FRAXCISCO, FRIDAY, JA>~LTARY 5, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVn-XO. 36.
OAKLAND JUDGE
SUPS WITH TWO
CRAP SHOOTERS
Quiet Little Snack With Men Upon
Whom He Must Soon Sit
in Judgment.
The San Francisco Call
Ccs::==*i oa Second Pa«a.Till Saturday Night we will offer, in our Men's
Clothing Department
TWO GREAT SPECIALS
SPECIAL No. I— Men's All- Wool Blue $C 7C
Cheviot Suits CpU. i O
SPECIAL No. 2— Men's All- Wool Clay Worsted Suits.
in Blue and Black, Round-Cut, Dou- (JJQ Tl C
ble- Breasted and Frocks Cj)c7« I O
deepest sympathy In the noble, brave and
patriotic struggle they are now making
to preserve their governments from de
struction by the hands of monarchy."
FLED FROM LADYSMITH.
lIOOFD LAAGER. LADYSMITH. Tues
day, Jan. 2.— Six horsemen made a dash
from Ladysmlth a few nights ago and,
though pursued, escaped. It Is believed
the party included Colonel Rhodes, bro
ther of Cecil Rhodes, and Dr. Jameson.
SHELLS STAMPEDE HORSES.
FRERE CAMP. Jan. 4.-A vigorous
shelling of the Boers' trenches on the
plain this morning forced the burghers to
shift their position after their horses had
stampeded.
THIS FROM PARIS.
PARIS, Jan. 4.— A report was currant
on the Bourse to-day that General Buller
had met with another check in his ef
forts to relieve Ladysmlth.
BATTALIONS OF MILITIA.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— An army order has
been issued directing the embodiment of
sixteen additional battalions of militia.
Selling: depot for Koh-1-noor pencils and
"Waterman fountain pens. Sanborn, Vail
&Co. - • J
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. '- All
drucelsu refund the menejr jf it fails to cure
E. W. Grove* «!snature U en each box. 2ic.
FOR THIS WEEK IN OUR
Boys' Clothing Department
WE ARE OFFERING:
Boys' All-Wool Blue Cheviot Suits, in sizes ftyi or
from i2to 19. OH-iDO
Boys' All-Wool, Double-Knee and Seat, Tweed a a « c
and Cheviot Suits, in Mixed Colors, ft?,,.. OZiH-J
The Above Lines Are Guaranteed for Wear.
Note Prices in Show Windows
THE RED FRONT,
(A. J. FRAGER & SONS, Proprietors,)
857-859 Market St.
______ ¦— — _. -—_»_.' mmmmm •
Alteration Sale!
IS NOW IN FULL BLAST,
And until Alterations are completed we shall make
n , IN ALL DEPARTMENTS,
¦ incluifeClothing, Furnishing Goods,
Shoes, Etc.
OF INTEREST TO
THE PACIFIC COAST
Bills Introduced by California Rep
resentatives, Postal Changes^
Pensions. .- 10
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.-Senator Per
kins and Representative de Vries to-day
called on the Postofflce Department and
succeeded in having the postofflces at Fair
Oak and Homestead, San Joaquin County,
abolished and made part of the Stockton
postofflce. At the present time there will
be no increase of letter carriers, but in
the near future they will be asked for.
Representative Watera has recommend
ed Percy W. Ross for the , position of
cashier of the Los Angeles postofflce.
The following bills were to-day intro
duced by ' Representative Needham: To
detach the counties of Tuolumne, Stanis
laus, Merced, Alpine, Mariposa, Inyo and
Mono from the northern Judicial district
of California and add them to the south
ern, and dividing the southern district
into two divisions, and holding terms of
court at Fresno as well as Los Angeles
twice a year; providing for the repayment,
upon the filing of the requisite proof with
the Commissioner of the Land Office, to
all purchasers or settlers of public lands
who paid double the minimum price for
lands within railroad grants that were
afterward forfeited and restored to the
public domain (the bill provides that they
be paid at the rate of $1 26 per acre'i; in
creasing the pension of Albert W. Brush
of Jgelma.
1» Judge Barham: To restore to the
puwlc domain the excluded portion of
lands at Round Valley Indian reservation
California; to pay A. Berdlng for supplies
furnished the Indian Department during
the Modoc war In California; to pension
William J. Abbott, William Conover, Cy
rus W. Davis and John B. Truvido, and
removing the charge of desertion from the
military record of Louis W. Mayer, all of
California.
Representative Tongue of Oregon has in
troduced a bill for the erection of a public
building at Oregon City at a cost of $60,
000.
T. A. Pursell was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Waukens, Tulare County,
vice B. P. JDayman, resigned. Postal ser
vice between Seattle and Saxman. Alaska,
will be discontinued after January 31. The
poßtoffice at Willow Glen has been consol
idated with that of San Jose, and will be
known hereafter as sub-station No 2.
The Civil Service Commission will hold
on February 10 an examination for the po
sition of chief clerk In the sub-treasury
at San Francisco. The salary Is $2100.
Pensions: California— Original— George
Jenkins, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10;
George Brown, Soldiers' Home Los An
geles, $6; Michael Mella, San Francisco, $8.
Original widows, etc.— Hildres C. Remley,
Healdsburg. $8.
Oregon— Original— George H. Durham,
Portland, $8. Reissue and Increase—Jo
seph H. Reynolds, Westfall. $8 to $8.
Washington— Original— John Goggs, Car
rollton, $8; John H. Berry, Wollochet, $6.
?
ROLAND REED IS
ON THE VERGE OF DEATH
Forced to Undergo a Second Opera
tion, but Scant Hopes for. His
Rerovery Entertained.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. I.— The friends
of Roland Reed In this city were advised
to-day that Dr. Bull, the famous surgeon,
had perfomed a second operation upon
the comedian in New York. The first
operation, performed about a week ago,
was supposed to have been made neces
sary' by an attack of appendicitis. When
the wound was explored, however, the
surgeons discovered that Mr. Reed was
suffering from an advanced attack of in
testinal cancer.
Mr. Reed was too weak to stand a radi
cal operation at that time and a delay
was agreed upon. The radical operation
was performed to-day, and from its na
ture little hope is held out for his re
covery. Should he survive the shock of
the operation he will. In all probability,
be an invalid for some time.
FULL REINFORCEMENTS
FOR GENERAL OTIS
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— With the arri
val at Manila of the transport Grant.
which left San Francisco on the 21st ult.
with the Forty-eighth Volunteer Infantry
(colored). Genera) Otis will have command
of an effective force of about 63.000 men:
The army now in the Philippines aggre-
ther hostilities. As was announced yester
day, the President has no intention of in
terfering in the war unless Great Britain
Indicates that she, too, desires the aid of
the friendly offices of this Government
It Is the present understanding of officials
that there Is no likelihood of the British
Government requesting the President to
interfere, and It is apparent, that she pro
poses to continue the war until the subju
gation of the Boers Is completed. It is to
be expected that as the success of the
British continues appeals from friends of
the Boers and perhaps from the Boers
themselves will grow in volume, but the
administration will turn a deaf ear to
them. . ¦
PETITION OF
THE BELGIANS
FOR MEDIATION
BRUSSELS, Jan. 4. — Senator Le Jeunc,
former Minister of Justice and now a
member of the Belgian Council of State,
presided at a meeting in this city to-day
of the committee recently formed to or
ganize a movement in Belgium in support
of an address to President McKinley ap
pealing to him to mediate in favor of
peace between Great Britain and the
Transvaal. Among those present were M.
La Fontaine, former Senator, many other
former members of the Senate, several
members of the Chamber of Deputies,
several professors of the University- of
Brussels and a number of other prom
inent men. most of them members of the
Universal league of Peace.
After a long discussion it was decided
to invite the public to send letters in sup
port of the movement to the secretary of
the league, and from next Sunday to place
petitions for signature In all the cafes in
Brussels and the provincial towns.
The petition to President McKinley
reads as follows:
"M. le Presldente: Rightly moved by
the bloody and terrible struggle in South
Africa between two of the most civilized
peoples of the world, the undersigned ad
drees a most pressing appeal to your Ex
cellency in favor of mediation, which you
alone can offer. They beg you to fulfill
the sacred duty of human brotherhood."
RECEIVED QUEEN'S SHILLING.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— The enrollment of
tho second contingent of London Imperial
Volunteers to-day was the occasion for a
scene of p pular enthusiasm. Approaches
to the Guild Hall were thronged with rep
resentatives of all classes, everybody
cheering and the bands playing lively mv-
Bic The scene at the Guild Hall was high
ly picturesque and Impressive. It opened
with a civic procession with tbe Lord
Mayor, Sheriffs and Aldermen In their
robes of office, attended uy sword and
mace bearers. The escort was comprised
of the Honorable Artillery Company and
detachments from the other volunteer
regiments. After making a speech Lord
Mayor Newton read the following extract
from a letter written by the Queen's pri
vate secretary. Sir Arthur Bigge: "I have
to assure you how much the Queen values
the corps which has been bo patriotically
raised by the city of London for service in
South Africa."
Each detachment was sw.orn in sepa
rately, every man "kissing jlhe book" and
receiving the Queen's shilling from the
hands of the Lord Mayor. > . •
FRENCH'S CASUALTIES.
RENSBERG, Jan. 4.— The casualties to
General French's force up to the after
noon of January 3 were five men killed
and twenty-four wounded. A detachment
of twenty-five New Zealanders had a nar
row escape. While advancing on Coles
berg they were directed to occupy a kopje,
but met with a hot reception from a. con
cealed force of the Boers. Another body
of British troops, seeing their danger,
doubled to the rescue of the New Zea
landers and their retreat was successfully
accomplished under the cover of the guns
on the hills westward.
Coleskop is now the principal scene of
the fighting. . The destruction of the
wrecked train Included 22,000 rations and
a supply of rum.
AMERICAN AID FOR BOERS.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Jan. 4.-A very en
thusiastic ! pro-Boer maps-meeting was
Held In Music Hall- to-night,- about 2000
people being present. The- principal
speaker was George W. 'Van Slcklen of
New York, who In a dispassionate man
ner described the situation in South Africa
and the causes leading up to the present
war. A resolution protesting against the
mlsrepjfesehtatlqn of the English Govern
ment that the people, of the United States
were not In sympathy with the Boers in
their conflict was adopted, and it was also
voted to have the chairman appoint a
committee to collect funds to be forward
ed to the proper authorities for the pur
pose of assisting the families of the killed
and wounded of the Boer army.
BUTTE. Mont., Jan. 4.— Two hundred
and sixty men have signed an agreement
here to go to South Africa and serve In
thp Boer army. They are Irish-Ameri
cans, German-Americans and ' French-
Americans. Only men between 20 and 40
and without any one depending on them
were enlisted. They will leave as soon as
an agent of the Transvaal Government,
now on his way here, arrives.
RETIRED FROM DOUGLASS.
BELMONT, CAPE COLONY. Wednes
day, Jan. 3.— Colonel Pilcher, it Is officially
announced, being only on a raiding; expedi
tion, and for military reasons being un
able to occupy Douglass permanently, has
evacuated the town, bringing off all the
loyalists. He has now returned to the
proximity of Belmont. When he an
nounced the necessity of evacuating the
place the inhabitants declared their lives
were not worth" "five minutes' purchase af
ter the troops. left. Colonel Pi'.chcr there
fore invited them to accompany him to
Belmont. The preparations were speedily
completed, but the vehicles of. the, town
were totally Inadequate to convey the
refugees, so the troops gave up the. trans
port wagons to the women and children.
The Canadians acted as an escort of the
refugees, carried babies for the women
and kept everybody lively by singing as
they marched pluckily along in spite of
sore feet occasioned by the heavy sand
which made marching extremely tiring.
The force received General Buller's con
gratulations on the success of the ex-
CONFECTIONERY IN SHELLS.
HOOFD LAAGER. LADYSMITH. Mon
day, Jan. I.— The garrison of Ladysmith
during the night threw -out feelers on
all sides, exchanging shots with the Boer
pickets. At midnight a couple of shells
fell into the Boer camp, killing a
burgher.
The Rev. Mr. Moirlng, who has Just ar
rived here frc^n America, addressed the
burghers this afternoon, dwelling on the
expiring century witnessing the life
struggle of a people. This morning shells
filled with confectionery and containing
the season's greetings were sent Into
Ladysmlth. Federal shells are selling at
Ladysmlth from thirty shillings to five
pounds sterling.
FIRE NIGHT AND DAY.
BOER CAMP. COLENSO, Tuesday. Jan.
2.— The British naval guns at Chieveley
camp continue their ineffective long rango
fire night and day in order to divert Boer
attention from the movements of the
troops. Federal scouts yesterday pene
trated into the British camp. When re
turning the British pickets discovered
them and wounded one Boer.
General Lucas Meyer resumes command
of the division here. General Joubert de
nies that he has ever protested against
the use of lyddite. He avers that up to
the present he has not lost a single man
from lyddite.
¦ »
REINFORCEMENTS FOR FRENCH.
ORANGE RIVER, CAPE COLONY,
Wednesday, Jan. 3.— There was a small
skirmish near Belmont this morning. The
British fired a few shells, but the Boers
did not respond.
A detachment of about forty Boers at
tempted to rush Klokfonteln this morning,
but were beaten back by the mounted In
fantry. Possibly this force consisted of
fugitives from Sunnyside.
Reinforcements of infantry and artillery
have been dispatched to General French
from De Aar.
BOERS DEFEAT KAFFIRS.
PRETORIA, Tuesday, Jan. 2.— Van
Sensburg reports from Derdepoort that
the Kaffir stations have been destroyed
and the inhabitants - are fleeing. Chief
Lynchwe, with 2000 Kaffirs, attacked the
Boer laager, but the natives were dis
persed.
A representative of the Associated Press
who has been In Johannesburg for three
days says the utmost order prevails there.
Looting Is exceptional and where dis
covered is heavily punished. The sanitary
conditions of the town are perfect and
sickness is rare. About 1200 British sub
jects are still in the Rand district. S/ '.•:
ASTOR'S CONTRIBUTIONS.
LONDON. Jan. 4.— William Waldorf As
tor has Bent £5000 to the fund for equip
ping the city of London volunteers. In a
letter accompanying the check he sug
gests that the gift be devoted to the pur
chase of quick-firers for the new battery
to be attached to the corps. This brings
Astor's total war contributions to £12,000.
QUARLES' RESOLUTION.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— Representative
Quarles of Virginia has introduced the
following House resolution:
"Resolved, That we hereby tender to
our two sister republics In Africa, the
Transvaal and the Orange Free State, our
HEWS OF THE IB
IN SOUTH AFRICA
Continued from First Page.
Prominent British Officers Mentioned in the Dispatches.
Lieutenant Colonel H.. A. Eagar, Second Royal Irish Rifles, was severely wounded at Stormberg December 10.
Major C. H. Burchaell, Royal Army Medical Corps, was captured at Magersfontein, December 11. Hon. W. Lambton
(son of the Earl of Durham), First Coldstream Guards, wounded at Magersfontein, December 11. Major (local general)
J. M. Wood. Northumberland, commands British force at Orange River, and sent out Colonel Pilcher's expedition to Sun
nyside. Earl of Albemarle goes to the front In command of the Infantry division raised by the city of London.
gates 62.500 men. of -which 31,000 are regu
lar troops and 21,500 are volunteers. >yltn
the arrival of the Grant the entire volun
teer strength of 34,030 men will be in the
Philippines. This includes the Forty
! eighth Volunteer Infantry, as already
! stated, and the Forty-first Volunteer ln
i fantry, which left New York on the trans
i port I.ogan November 20 and Is expecte'l
to arrive at Manila early next week. The
authorized strength of the volunteer army
!s 33.000 men, divided Into twenty-rtve reg-"
iments, but most of these regiments are
short of their complement of 1305 men,
and the actual strength of the volunteer
army is about 34,000. The only volunteer
cavalry regiment in the service — the Elev
enth Cavalry— ls in the Philippines.
The regular organizations, in the Philip
pines are Companies A and B. United
States Engineer Battalion; Headquarters
A, C. D. E, F. X, L, and M. Third Cav
alry; the Fourth Cavalry: First Ar
tillery-; E, G. H, X and L.. Third
Artillery; F, Fourth Artillery; F.
Fifth Artillery; Headquarters, A, B, C, D.
E. F, G, H, L. M. N and O. Sixth Artil
lery; Third Infantry: Fourth Infantry:
Sixth Infantry: Ninth Infantry: Twelfth
Infantry; Thirteenth Infantry; Four
teenth Infantry; Sixteenth Infantry; Sev
enteenth Infantry': Eighteenth Infantry:
Nineteenth Infantry: Twentieth Infantry;
Twenty-first Infantry; Twenty-second In
fantry; Twenty-third Infantry; Head
quarters. A. C. E. F. G, H I and X, Twen
ty-fourth Infantry: Headquarters. B, E,
F, H. I, X, L. and M, Twenty-fifth Infan
try.
It is expected that General Otis will
utilize his -fores so far as possible In gar
risoning the principal cities cf the archi
pelago, in the preservation of peace and
good order and in the maintenance of free
and full commercial Intercourse with tha
islands, pending the establishment of a
permanent form of government in tha
Philippines.
«
CULLEN'S WILL CONTESTED
Alleged That the Rancher Was In
sane When He Made It.
pecial Dispatch to Tha Ca
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4.— A contest of tha will
of Dennis Cullen. an old rancher of Cala
veras Valley, waa inaugurated to-day by
Attorney "W. C. Kennedy, representing
Mra. Maria Gaffney and Mary Brey#rty,
heirs of deceased residing in the East.
Cullen died last month, leaving an estate
worth about $20,000. Thia was given
to Mrs. Rosa Sparks of San Francisco, a
sister. The will was made a few days be
fore his death In Mrs. Sparks' presence.
R. L. Sherman, a witness to the will,
a fortnight ago, when an attempt waa
made to prove the will in court, said that
he did not believe Cullen was of sound
and disposing mind when the will was
made. The contestants charge undue In
fluence on the part of Mrs. Sparks over
Cullen. and also that the testator was In
competent and Insane at the time- the- will
was made.
ALDRICH DISCUSSES
THE FINANCIAL BILL
Explains at LeQSJth to the Senate
the Purposes for Wtych the
New Measure Was Formed.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— Tn accordance
with the notice previously given by htm,
Senator Aldrich to-day opened the discus
sion of the tinar.cial bill with the explana
tion of a substitute for the Houso l»ilL
The subject was carefully prepared tr.d
was read from manuscript. It was deliv
ered in clear and distinct language, but
without any effort at oratory. The Sen
etors present pave him careful attention.
1 .~^ no one Interrupted him with qupa
tior.s or otherwise during the delivery,
nor did any one manifest a disposition to
reply after he had concluded.
After AMrien concluded the Senate ad
journed until Monday for the purpose, it
Is .understood, of giving those who may
vrisb to repl^- to the Rhode Island Sen
ator an opportunity for presentation of
the subject.
The lVuijrrrw resolution concerning th«
rhilipjiine war wont over until Monday.
when i; is r.nd< j rstood some Senators Will
fcEk to b« h«-ard on the Philippine
question. Senator Beveridge alej gave
notice uf a speech for Tuesday on the
Philippine question, prefacing his notice
vith a resolution declaring his own posi
tion on the subject.
At th«- opening of the session of the
Senate Heverldce of Indiana presented trie
totlowiiiK 'resolution: -' .
"That Ibfe Philippine Island? are • ter
ritory lx~ioi; fe 'ing to the United- States. It Is
the intention of the Tnnod States to Hf
taln them a* *uch and to establish and
maintain such Government control
throughout .the archipelago as the situa
tion may demand." .
Beveridgi' aeked that the resolution lie
on- the table until next Tuesday, when be
¦will speak on It.
Cullom, from the Committee on Resolu
tions, then rcportJpd the bilU providing a
government for the Hawaiian 'Islands,
with amendments.
A message from the President was rcM
tra;!srnittli:g tho testimony taken by the
commission api««'ln:cd to investigate the
conduct of the war by the War Depart-
A resolution was nr^se nted by Pettl
prvw caUlas <m the Secretary of the Navy
for the report t.-f Admiral Dewey of April
13. 183 v in which the admiral paid ne
oolild take Manila at any time. He asked
Immediate consideration, but Spooner od
iected and the resolution went over.
Hoar offered a resolution, which was
adopted, reducing the mileage fees to be
rala witnesses in cases before the Senate
to & p.er day while in attendance and
actual (raveling expenses. This will re
duce the amount for witnesses in the
Clark oa«e about one-half.
Allen 's resolution calling for correspond
ence 1 ttww n the Treasury Department
and the National City Bank and the Han
over :Cati< r.;tl Bank of New York was
agreed to with moili!l<'ati<jns.
The consideration of Pettlgrew's reso
lution concerning the advances reported
to have been made by AgulnaJdo through
Oenen 1 Torres t<. General Utis after the
beginning <-f hostilities in the Philippines
was poKtppnod until Monday.
A brief explanation of bis attitude on
the content of Quay f»r a seat in the Sen
ate was made by Hoar. He said he had
received numerous letters urging him not
to vote for the seatln? of <juay upon the
anointment of the Governor of Pennsyl
vania, on the ground of charges against
the personal character of Quay. Hoar re
ferred t<. the fact that he had frequently
lr.restigate.l the subject of the right of
a Governor t'. fill a vacancy and to nu
merous speeches and reports he had made
In support of the theory. It was not to be
expected that Senators" sitting here as
iuGges oouM change their convictions
upon such appeals. Such requests he con
sidered in the nature of appeals to him to
Ftuff a ballot-box and make fatee returns
simply • beeatlte the petitioners think
some one- else" should be appointed. He
hoped his explanation woUld ije a suffi
cient replty-tfv rh* writers ot tJa*- Setters,
Pettipf.-w cailed up the bin providing for
a seule:n«it of th<e aecorrot* of cae na
tional trr-a*ury with the public 1; * nd under
the B.S cranU*i<? S P«r <^'nt nt tte pro
ceofls'nf the seW of public lands to the
Ftates and extending this provision so a.s
to. m.'ike it cover the lands embraced In
Indian and military reservations. Petti
grew stated that the passage of the bill
would require the payment of about J12,
000.000 by the national Government.
Bern.'' antagonized the measure, charg
ing that its passage would involve the
wasting nf public money, and would be
unfair and unjust to the States in which
there were no reservations.
On motion of Berry the bill was amend
ed—42 to 4— so as not to apply to reserva
tion lands. It was then committed to the
Committee on Public Land. The Senate
then, at 1:53 p. m., took up the financial
bill and Aldrich addressed the Senate on
this bill i\s follows:
The general purpose of the bill is to declare
anew that goM le the monetary Mardard of the
United States: to establish c^nfi lence in the in
tention and ability of our Government to give
the creates! p^i-itle measure cf stability of
value *o :ts currency, and to provide the means
for securing lor it at all times an equal pur
chasing i-jwer with rold; to lighten in every
fofcuble way the burdens irrp<--se<l upon tax-
X'ayers by exiFtlng public obligations, and to
strengthen the Ttublic credit.
The firFt section contnins a clear and definite
declaration that the gold dollar Is and shall
cor.tir.ue to be the standard unit of value; a
new and more emphatic pledge on the part of
the United Btatca that all forms Of money It
may issue or coin shall be at all tiroes main
tained at an equality Of value with the gold
coin adopted as the standard, and with the spe
cific provision that the United Stbtf-s notes and
Treasury not»s shall on presentation at the
Treasury be redeemed in standard gold coin.
" " • No departure Is intended by this bill
frcm the public policy which was adopted years
era and has tan constantly adhered to through
succe«si\e administrations. • • •
The Mil now trffore the Senate contains no
-disavowal of the podttOD heretofore taken upon
the question of International l>.mr«a.HlFm. and
jilacer no ohrtncles in the nay of it* ar?om
pll!«hme:it in th»> future. If It If possible to tie
cure immanence of relative value to iroM and
.silver ?-iin? Vi!h the fn»e coimki" of both metals
at a f.xt-d rate. thit> fiermanenc* can on!3 - be »e
cur» d ! J' ocTifurrent action of all the leading
commercial nation*. • • •
No tane man can be found outride of the
rar.k* of the umall band of bold. able- and ag
<pr*>W!lv» leader* who at present dominate the
policy r.f the Democratic party who believes fcr
«.n ;r.s-'..i;t that the opening ot our mln^a to the
ireo coinase of lOver at the ratio of 16. to 1 will
raise the value of eflycr bullfon from Its cur
rent crmrncrrial price to Its mint pri<Sp, meas
ured vith relation to gold. The. l>cmocratic ad
vocates cf froe coinage are n^t In -any sen**
\.r---.j . ' ¦•!- but rilver rr.<.nt.tn> tal'.:>r.p cf the
xaon:' pronounreO typ*. J *.-/.'"
The w-c-nd Kection provides for a. reserva
f ur.<i of n.'-O.OOO.uOO in Roid td 1 B*cure the prompt
end Certain r*-«3emption*of -cutstanrtlnif United
ftet^B r.otes and Treaeury not«a. This fund Is
lncreaerd for JiO.Ou^.twO over that which is now
hold by Thp Trfsnirer f«r redemption pa rfioses.
That thU amount of cah be held
•withoat •mbarr»bt;mf-iit.tO:t!tf Trnasurx. will bt
tviicnt wh<-n »c consider that the total amount
of eo!d in t!je Treasurj' on llli 1st of TfbVemb.er;
1V1). exclusive of the unmount held to iiay Rold
certiScat'B, was 12^2.091.000, and the available
ca«h balance. Including the jrold renprvc. wa*
R>*.««'.0W). This section niak« it the duty of
the Ee<-retary Of the Treasury to replenish the
reserve fund from time to time by the use of
the noU« redeemed. Thi« he may do by exchang
ing the notes for ar.y of the general fund of
the Treasury or money which may be deposited
ct the TrefiFury -or rub-Tr»-asury: or He tr.sy
uee the note* for securing cold coin under the
provision* cf wction 2T00 cf the Revised Ftat-
Mlpf. In case all cf these methods *hall fail
«nd the gold Ir. the fund ehall fall below J100,
ttlO.OGO. then It becomes hts duty to soil United
Ktate* bonds, the proceeds to be. ur-<i to restor«
the fund ,to the niaJJmum amount by paying
the gold eo obtained into the penerat rund cf the
Treasury arid then exchanging for It an equal
eimnint of notfs which have l>een redeemed
Irorn the re6crxe fund. The committee, having
in view the rapid increase in the paid prodoe
tion of the world and the equal! y rapid Increase.
In the ava1loljle.»tock of g<»ld 4n tl»e c-juntrj-.
ore of..the opinion thafit will not be ;it -ar.y
time nece*»ao' to ee'l bond* unde/ the prcn-i
sions of th:« eecUon.
Aldrich quoted .. statistics on. -the : gold
•production to enow, that there will bo no
difficulty in securing by ufo of notes the
gold -which will be nectssary to maintain
the 'fund art Its maximum ? amount. ~ He
continued: ; V-«< •' ¦ ¦:..
In considering .questions affecting the ade
quacy and use of the gold reserve we are bound
to Inquire Into the ability of the Treasury to
ir.a:nta:n tn equailty of value between the »il
ver dui'ar and silver c<"rtln<*ate and sold dol
lar .wrth out oroi'iFton ' for direct'exchangeabil
ity. Our own experience and • that at other
countries, notably France and Gfrmiuy. clearly
prove that it !s swnib> to keep In circulation
•t»a parity nf value with gold a 4«rge bot lim
ited amount of leral tender silver,' or notes
based Ui>o3 eurh t;!ver without any provision
for a compultory redemption In ¦ gold.- Tha
amount pt sliver certificates !n circulation on
the Ist of December. Jr>\ was «*4.5i2.)>00, and
of -.Etar.aard silver dollars $75.::32.4£ i. a. .total
of ;<::. :::,:-,!. This amount will be rraduaJly
increased by the silver coinage which will take
!>lace under the provisions of the act of June
U, IDS. Both silver dollars and silver certi
ficates are by law receivable for all public
dues, and as long as the ordinary recciDts of
the (.overr.ment are more than W.000.0W.000 per
annum it la evident that silver certificates are
not likely to gr, to a discount. The Govern
ment Itself in the absence of a positive in
junction would be bound to maintain the value
Of this form of currency through the culinary
buslney? channels of exchange for «elf pro
tection. Tbe committee doea not suggest any
chanpi s in the status of the silver dollar or the
silver certificate. We do not propose to take
away from silver any of the monetary privi
leges or prerogatives which it now enjoys. In
fact, v.c believe that the legislation suggested
wi:i greatiy strengthen its position in our
monetary system.
The third section makes it the duty of the
Secretary of the Treasury as fast as standard
silver dollars are coined as required by law
from the bullion purchased under the act of
July J4. 1896, to retire and cancel an equal
amount of Treasury notes, and provides that
upun the cancellation of the notes eilver certi
ficate* shall ho Issued against the silver dol
lar.? so coined.
The fourth section authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to reopen deposits of
gold coin and to issue gold certificates therefor
in denominations of not less than J2Q. The pro
visions of this t-ectinu are !n most respects the
same as those contained In the twelfth section
of the act of July 12, ISS2. The purpose ol the
f-ectlon as a whole Is to give certain and ac
tive monetary use to the large and rapidly in
creasing amount of gold in the country.
The fifth section provides that no United
States notes or Treasury notes shall hereafter
be Issued or reissued in denominations of less
than $10. and all such not*-s of a smaller de
nomination whenever redeemed shall be fan
ceK J and notes of $10 or upward substituted
therefcir. It also provides that no silver cer
tificates cf a higher denomination than JlO
shall be issued.
The olxth section of the substitute gives to
the Secretary of the Treasury authority to
convert * portion of the national debt into
bonds bearing 2 per cent Interest. The propo
sition contemplates a profitable anticipation
of Interest payments and consequent reduction
of the public debt. In order to Induce the
holders of the outstanding bonds to consent
to the conversion proposed and in consideration
<-f the reduction of interest effected thereby
the Secretary of the Treasury !s authorized to
ray them in exchange a sum not greater than
the present worth of surh bonds, computed to
yield an income of t% per cent per annum and
their i>ar value.
The surplus In the Treasury over and above
the amount required for an adequate working
balance and for the reserved fund created by
this bill would allow the Secretary to pay with
out difficulty the $£5. 000.000 which would' be re
quired to effect this reduction of Interest. In
fact, under present conditions and with the
necessity confronting us of more promptly
turning current receipts back into the channels
of business the payments suggested would af
ford welcome relief from dangerous congestion.
Aldrich, in discussing the effect of this
transaction on the national debt, said the
committee was of the opinion that it
would not place this portion of the na
tional debt beyond the control of the
Government. Continuing he said:
We trust that our expenditures will soon be
on a peace footing, but we muFi realize that we
shall have large disbursements for some time to
come, which It may not l>e possible to pay
from the current revenues. In conflderlng the
pootbUlUea of the future we cannot overlook
the fact that the national <>bts of the wnrM
have lnrreasfti at an as-tonishint; rate. We be
lieve It is Impossible to overestimate the ad
vantage which would accrue to the I'nifd
Stats from.rlai-ins its national debt upon a 2
per cent basis and keeping its obligations issued
at thia rat* at par in the markets of the world.
" • • One of the principal reasons which led
the committee to recommend this plan of con
version xvas that the bonds suggested would be
much mor« desirable as a basis for national
bank note circulation than the outstanding se
curities. It is the duty nf Congreps, In the
rubllc Interest, to so mo.llfy the national bank
ing act as to give to banking affiliations an
opportunity to Issue currency with a reason
able profit. If the provisions of this bill are
enacted, into law, we may expect a considerable
InereaFe in .the national bank note circulation
in the near fjture, and there is no reason, If
th» bui«!nep* of the country demands It. why
In time the outstanding circulation should not
equal the cafKalizntion of the banks!
The seventl* section provides that upon the
fleposit of Ui*\i<»d frlat.-* bonds by any national
banning ass.x-iatlin in the manner provided by
law. such a.-psciatlor* shall be entitled to re
ceive cireulaUr.K notes etjual to. the par value
of the bonds deposited. It also provides that
any national banking association now having
bonds on deposit ehall be entitled to the game
privilege.
The .-l&hth section provides that any national
bunking: association having on deposit as se-?
curlty for Its circuiting notes bonds of the*
I nite<J States bearing Interest at 2 per cent per
annum shall pay a tax on such circulating notes
of one-half of one per cent annually Instead of
the tax of one per cent now imposed by law
Vie believe this reduction in taxation is nec
tary to encourage national banks to increase
their circulation, and it will undoubtedly have
the effect of promoting the conversion of bonds
provided for in the sixth section.
Aldrich received the interested attention
or all the Senators present, but he wa«
not Interrupted by. any one. At the close
of the speech the Senate went into execu
tive session, adjourning" at- 2:30 o'clock un
til. Monday. . -? ,
HOUSE HOLDS BUT
VERY BRIEF SESSION
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— The House ses
sion was brief again to-day, tne only In
cident being the adoption of the Sulzer
resolution introduced: yesterday calling
upon Secretary Gage for information re
garding the deposit of Government funds
in certain New York national banks. The
resolution as adopted was made more gen
eral In its scope, and an -amendment was
added to cover information; respecting
the transactions relating, to the sale of
the New York Custom-house site. Sec
retary Gage's friends had been Informed
that he courted the fullest investigation
and was prepared to submit all the facts
to Congress. Accordingly there was no
friction over the passage -of the resolu
tion. which was unanimously adopted.
Payne, chairman of the House Ways
and Means Committee, presented the Sul
zer resolution, as modified by the commlt
t<»e, for Immediate consideration.
The resolution, as modified, is as fol
lows:
nesolv-e<l. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, requested to furnish the
House of IU-nrrsentatlvea the following Infor
mation: - - -
First— Copies of all letters, agreements, pa
pers or documents between the Treasury I>e-
I.arlment of the United States, or any pereon
connected therewith, and the National City
Bank and the Hooter National Bank of the city
of »w Yoik. or any person acting for them, or
either of them, since the 4th day of March, ISB7,
relating to the depositing of public funds,
bonds or rewnufs In said bank or banks, or
any other relations or business transactions
now exli>tlnz or heretofore had between the
Government and said banks, or either of them
Second— The amount of public money, bonds
or revenue deposited with said banks, or either
of them, with any national bank by the Gov
ernment, upon what security, for what length
¦of time-, and the reasons therefor; and whether
said hanky, or any of them, have paid the Gov
ernment any Interest on said deposits, and, if
bo. how much; and all. other Information con
cerning the same or In any way relating thereto
Tlilrd— An<l also the date of 'the sale of the
CuFtr^m-honse property of the United States tn
New York City to said National City Bank, the
date of the execution of the deed thereto, the
date and manner of payment of the pur
chase ' ir.oney therefor, the disposition of
the proceeds of said Bale; and whether
or not the Government has raid any
rents for the eaid proi>erty, or any portion
thereof, for any purpose, since the day of sale
and. If so. to whom; and all facts relating to
the t.ai.1 transaction.
Suiter arose after the presentation of
the resolution and Bald he would accept
the amendments.
Richardson, the minority leader, asked
for five minutes, which he desired to yield
to Levy (Democrat) of New York The
request was compiled with, and Levy -of
fered an amendment to the resolution
which Included a request for the Secre
tary's reasons for delaying the deposits
in national banks until the panic had oc
currt-d.
Levy said he had warned the Secretary
of the Treasury In September that the
panic was Imminent. Had the Secretary
heeded that warning and deposited Gov
ernment funds in national banks Jn Sep
tember and October, instead' of buying
bonds, the panic would have been averted
The amendment was promptly ruled out
of order and the resolution as offered l»y
Payne was adopted.
The House at 12:22 p. m. adjourned un
til Monday.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
TRANSPORT VICTORIA
REPORTED MISSING
Freighter in the GoverQment Ser
vice Causes War Officials
Considerable Anxiety.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Jan.
4.— Considerable apprehension is expressed by officials of the War Depart
ment for the safety of the transport Victoria, which left San Francisco for
Manila during the middle of October. Quartermaster General Ludington has
sent a cablegram to Major General Otis requesting him to take such action
for locating the missing ship or determining what has become of her that
may seem proper. Fortunately the Victoria is not a passenger transport, but
a freighter, which was employed to convey army supplies to the Philip
pines. She has no troops aboard. In making the contract for chartering the
vessel Major O. F. Long, quartermaster at San Francisco, used the regular
form under which the Government is released from liability in case of the
loss of the ship.
The transport Victoria, on which the underwriters are now paying 20 per
cent reinsurance, left this port seventy-eight days ago, and was spoken by
the transport Tartar on November 9. At that time the thrust block of her
main shaft was broken. Assistance was offered, but the captain of the Victo
ria refused it. saying there was no danger. The Victoria was loaded with sup
plies and carried no passengers.
FOUR SHOT BY A
DRUNKEN INDIAN
Tragedy in a Piute Set
lement in Oregon.
PORTLAND, Jan. 4.— A special to the
Oregonlan from Prinevllle, Crook County,
Or., says: A tragedy occurred near here
among a circle of Plute Indians that has
co far resulted in the death of one Indian,
One squaw, and the probably fatal injury
of another man and two w.omen. Whisky
is at the bottom of the trouble. Matthew
Wewa did the Bhootlng with a Winchester
j rifle, which he turned on himself with
j fatal results.
Wewa had a tepee near here, with some
other Piutea and a few . Warm Springs.
On the evening of December 2 Wewa re
turned to his tepee badly Intoxicated, and
his savage temper caused alarm In the
family clrcie, consisting of his brother
] Charley, his wife Happie and two BQUaira
named Tyler and Susie, who were gam
bling. Wewa took offense at something
his wife was doing and commenced beat-
Ing her. His brother Charley interfered
in her behalf. This enraged Wewa and he
seized his Winchester, rushed outside and
i commenced shooting.
liaising the flap of the tepee so he could
point hfe gun In, he shot his brother Char
ley, who fell to the ground seriously
wounded. Then Wewa shot his wife Hap
pie. The two other squaws made wild
rushes for the tepee door to escape. Wewa
was too quick for them, however, shoot-
Ing both of them before they ould get
away. Then he walked some distance
from the scene of his bloody work, turned
the rifle upon himself and ended his lifo
with a single shot. Happie died before
help could arrive. Charley, Tyler and Su
sie were g-iven what medicaJ attention
could be secured, but their cases seem
hopeless.
2REYNOLD'S
Goutor Rheumatlsm.if on the first approach
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this rexn-
rdv • then. » single dose Is often sufficient.
B-VoIUEXVA * CO.. 9O.3OX.Wllllaja St..*. ST.
The luxury, comfort, convenience*. T_
cuisine and moderate chares have *
given the > _ -„ ?
PALACE and ;
GRAND :
hotels a reputation that Is known wher-
ever the English language Is spoken. ?
Connected by a covered passageway — ?
IVK> rooms— 9oo with baths. ?
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager.
/^Siiii^hSw. * W *N guarantee
Jfe.-»£4V ',*>¦**s* that my Kbeumatism
l^^&Siizife^i, £ ure Tv '*" reliere ]um-
*H/ \BhL baE I*.1 *. scinticn nr.d r.ll
\jO S*>«i*eits? ttro or t^ee hourn,
rj» **S^tS§§y Bn< * cure ia a fow
\ £j&$J &yB ' MUNTOX.
yfejfc*^!^ At all dniegisti,
«^fc*-»^*<2y£kk 25c. a vial. Gui-ie
*"rf^Sl£jffl£w to Health and mcdi-
v '| I Es" cal ndvice free.
1 I • 1005 Arch et.. Phila.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|S A GHEAT HKSTOUATIVE. INVIGORA-
* tor cr.d Korioe.
T}:«* tno^ wonderful aphrodisiac ar.d Epeclal
Tnnlc lor in* Sexual Organs for both aexes.
The Mexican Bemedy for Dl«»aws of the Kld-
nfj" and ir.a<l<l<rr. SvUn on It* own merits.
NABnit. AL,Fr» * BRUNE. Agents.
Z2Z ilarket ttrcet, E. P.— (Send for Circular).
nnnTimr 1111 " ° n<i •» n*«ai
*t; t ' S - *'1 I 8 'iif^'f* <ur*-d or no
InSiT^ t ilKr I>a> - N '° detention trom
lU! » |ll} • luMnegs. IJIIS. MAN'S-
S"")l I LUIL Klrl '" A POnTER-
'»*" ¦ W • »•» FIELD, K?S Market St..
Hhti Kranrifco.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC AIIXTURE,
pen thr ct;rb of gonorrhoea.
« Olerts. Stricture* and analocoui cvm-
jjlalnta of the Orrass of Generation.
I'rice SI m. Untie. For wile \,y drucg'.sUi.
I ligifs Into Vegetable Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED BT THOUSANDS
of »*t*o!j« who have used them for forty
y»-ar» to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach'
viii^le* and parity the l>!ood.
MANY SHIPS MEET
WITH DISASTER
Five Men Drowned on
the Patria.
LONDON. Jan. 4.— The Hamburg-Amor
ican line steamer Patrla, which caught
fire In the English Channel November 15
while on her way from Ne,w York to
Hamburg and which was abandom-d the
following day when all attempts lo tow
her to port had failed, the vessel going
aehoro between Walmer and the South
Foreland on the Kentish coast, was raised
to-day. She subsequently foundered,
however, and five persons were drowned.
Captain Spruth, inspector of the Hnm
burg-American line, who was on boar-1
the vessel when she went down, was naved
by clinging to the top of the funnel. The
PMria's position is now more dangerous
to shipping than ever. It was announced
this evening that it would be Impossible
to palvage the Patria.
NORFOLK. Va., Jan. 4— The steamer
Albemarlt- of the Old Dominion Steamship
Company is .-ishore in James River, and
assistance from hero was sent to-day.
The Fteamcr is in danger from the heavy
ice. It is reported that all the pasfeun
gers reached shore in safety.
The steamer Maria Rickmers (German),
from Bremen December 24 for Galvestcn,
has put into Fayal. Azores, with her pro
peller out of order.
The liritish. bark M.isselcrag, from Ant
werp July 39 for San Francisco, is report
ed having passed Cape Otway. on the
southwest '•Gast of Australia, and sig
naled *he had lost nails, two boats und
had her bulwarks stove and her decks
swrpt.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1.. Jan. 4— The
American bark Sachem. Captain Nickel,
from New York December 13 for Hong
kong, with kerosene, has arrived here in
disircs*.
No Fear of Death.
Social Dl«ra«oh to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Jan. 4— Go
See. who will hang to-morrow for the
murder of Queng Chung, at Portervllle,
at th* eleventh hour shows no' trace of
DISEASED MEAT
CAUSES PLAGUE
Danger Increased by
lpnoranceof Natives.
VICTOKTA. B. C. Jan. 4.— Manila pa
pen sny that an epidemic like plague is
thr^r.rer.ing Manila. The Manila Times
fit.ii^s that "It has been learned from va
riooa authorities that in many of our
clost-Jy scttlod neighboring towns a seri
ous epidrrsic bordering on plague is rag
ir.g. ¦ Til-! towns principally siffected are
Guadalupe. Mar.dalogana. Pineda and
Mfilat-on. Ix'fjdrs it number of others. The
<lisease is said to be due to eating the
flesh from animals which have died from
disease. Whatever the cause, there Is lit
tle doubt that a epocies of plague exists,
vrhich in most rases proves fatal. It is
eajd that the d'p^ase carries off; its victims
with'.r. thirty-i-ight hours from its attack,
ard in these country towns medical aid
rr supplies are not to be had readily, and
then only in a limited way. Not only this.
'. iut burial of the corpses of those who
have died from this disease is carelessly
conducted and absolutely no precautions
ere taken. Natives <io not understand the
care which should be taken, but rely too
much on their faith and superstition "
It has been decided, at the Instance of
tho Rcasfaa Minister of Finance, to dis
patch a sanitary corps of doctors and Sis
ters of Mercy to Manchuria to combat the
piacuo. which has broken out amor.g the
Chinese laborers on the Minchurian Rail
way.
Save money by buying your blank books,
printing and all office supplies for 1900
from Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
Lawton, the Great Indian Fighter.
Do you know that General Lawton
was pimply a wonder as an Indian
lighter? He rounded up Geronimo and
his band— literally walked them down.
Captain N". Frank Leslie tells all about
it in next Sunday's Call, and he was In
a position to know, for he. was Law-
ton's chief of scouts. Moreover, Leslie
is the man who came up from the
desert wilds to go to the Philippine Isl-
ands and accept a prominent place on
Lawton's staff. The general s death
found the scout In San Francisco, Ju«t
about to embark. His personal remin-
iscences are thrilllngly interesting.
fear. He sits silent in his coll and fingers
the crucifix given him by Father Sullivan
Jones and Arbogast. the death watch, say
that their charge sometimes speaks of his
mother In far-,off China. The indications
are that he will meet death with the
apathy with which he listened to the
hammer blows on the scaffold to-day.
•
RICH STRIKE IN
THE PAUPER MINE
Streak of Ore Ten Inches Thick and
Worth Five Thousand Dollars
a Ton Uncovered.
Special Dispatch to The Call
BOISE. Idaho, Jan. 4.— A very rich
strike has been discovered In the Pauper
mine, on War Eagle Mountain. In drift-
Ing north from the bottom of the COO-foot
Incline a streak of very rich ore has been
opened that is ten inches thick. Superin
tendent J. L. Crutcher glve3 the value of
this ore at $5000 per ton.
Tho Pauper Is an extension of the Poor
Man lode. It has been owned for many
years by J. I. Crutcher. Some months
ago he entered into a contract with Maior
Fred R. Reed for the development of tho
property, under which contract Mr. Reed
secured an interest In the mine.
There Is much excitement in mining cir
cles over the discovery on Rapid R!v?r
of anthracite coal. There is a large body
of it. and its value Is enhanced by the
fact that the line of the Pacific and Idaho
Northern Railway, now completed fifty
miles. Is surveyed to within a mile of «he
coal fields. Representatives of wealthy
Pennsylvanlans are on the road to inspect
the coal.
PRESSING BIG CLAIMS.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PUERTO PLATA, San Domingo, Jan.
4.— The French Government Is pressing
claims of about $100,000 against San Do
mingo and has imposed restrictions on
the Dominican budget. There is great in
dignation here. ; r
Leahy Resigns.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Jan. 4— W. L.
Leahy, lieutenant of. the jute mill, to-day
tendered his resignation. He requested
that It take effect immediately. No suc
cessor has been yet decided on.
BEET SUGAR FACTORY
FOR ARKANSAS VALLEY
Location "Was Once Known as Part
of the Great American
Desert.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.— lt was announced to
day at Santa Fe headquarters that the
American Beet Sugar Company had con
tracted for the establishment of a beet
sugar plant at Rocky Ford, Colo., in tho
Arkansas Valley. The plant will be next
to the largest in, the world, and will have
a capacity greater than the combined
plants in Nebraska. It will cost about
$500,000 and will have an annual capacity
of 18,800 tons of refined sugar, using 100,000
tons of beets. Farmers in the valley ad
jacent to Rocky Ford have arranged to
plant 80,000 acres of beets the coming sea
son, from which It is expected a profit of
$40 an acre will be realized.
The land is almost in tho heart of what
a few years ago appeared on the map as
the "Great American Desert." Irrigation
has made it one of the most fertile places
in that section of the West. It Is said
that the beet sugar plant will distribute
something like $1,500,01)0 annually to farm
ers and employes. It Is said two more
large plants will be established In the Ar
kansas Valley within the next two or
three yeprs.
LITTLE LIFE IN THE
DEEPS OF THE PACIFIC
Interesting Experiments Made by-
Professor Agassiz Near the
Island of Tahiti.
CAMBRIDGE, Jan. 4.— Alexander Agas
slz, director of the Agasslz Museum at
Harvard, has just sent a letter from the
Island of Tahiti, In the Pacific Ocean, to
the United States Fish Commissioner.
Professor Agassiz left San Francisco In
the Albatross, a vessel loaned him by the
Government, to study the bottom of the
Pacific Ocean.
He made seventy-two Mundlngs In the
hitherto unknown basin at the bottom of
the ocean. A large amount of animal
matter was Btudied from the dredging
from the bottom of the ocean, with tho
general conclusion that there Is little life
in the deeper part of the sea fiir away
from land. The last heard from Professor
Agassiz was a cable to the museum on
December 21 from tho Fiji Islands.
STREETCAR BLOWN
UP WITH DYNAMITE
Third Time the Outrage Has Been
Resorted To Since the Strike
in Springfield.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Jan. 4.— For tho
third time since the street car men's
strike was inaugurated dynamite was re
sorted to to-nlg'bt. being placed on tho
street car tracks v and exploding beneath
a car containing twelve passengers. No
one was injured, but the car was badly
wrecked. The outrage created great ex
citement.
EIGHT HUNDRED BODIES
HAVE BEEN RECOVERED
TIFTIS, Russian Trans-Caucasia. Jan.
4.— Altogether thirteen villages In the
Achalkalak district of thl3 Government
have experienced earthquake shocks. Six
of these places have been completely de
stroyed and 600 bodies have already been
recovered.
COMMITTEE ON CUBA.
Senators May Investigate Conditions
in the Island.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— The Senate
committee on Cuba held Its first meeting
to-day. No action was taken, but there
was a general discussion of the attitude
of the United States toward the island.
The prevailing opinion seemed to be
favorable to the Teller amendment prom
ising independence to the Cubans as soon
as pacific conditions could be restored.
There was some talk of having the com
mittee make a trip to Cuba for the pur
pose of investigating conditions there, but
no conclusion was reached.
Minister of Finance Resigns.
MADRID. Jan. 4.— The Minister of Fi
nance, Senor Vlllaverde. has tendered hi:;
resignation to Senor SHvela, the Premier,
as the result of differences between him
self and the majority of the Ministers
regarding the Government's budgetary
proposals.
M. PAUL DEROULEDE, THE FRENCH AGITATOR.
Paul Deroulede was born i n 1848, and In his time has been perhaps more
active in political intrigue against the Government and attempts at revolu
tion than any other man in France. He was a soldier in the Franco-Prus
sian war and was wounded at Sedan. That proof of his patriotism has
always found him followers, whom he has ever been ready to lead in any
movement looking to disturbing the existing state of affairs. He was one of
General Boulanger's most active supporters, and on the condemnation of
that officer and Minister stood for a seat in the Chamber as a Boulangist and
was elected. He has more than once been a candidate for the presidency of
the Chamber, but without the full support of his own party. He was one
of the most prominent and violent of the opponents of revision in the Drey
fus case and it was when the excitement over the matter was at Its height
that he. with M. Marcel Habut and other members of the "Patriotic League,"
made the attempt to seduce General Roget from his duty and inaugurate a
revolution.
PARIS. Jan. 4.— When the High Court |
opened its public session to-day the Presl- j
dent of that body, M. Fallieres. read the
decisions which had been reached yester- I
day. The prisoners who were acquitted :
thereupon rose and shook hands with MM. |
Deroulede. Buffet and Guerin. Then, rais- j
Ing various shouts, they loft the hall. The j
court afterward entered on a secret ses
sion, during which it decided on the sen
tences of the convicted prisoners.
The court condemned MM. Buffet and j
Deroulede to ten years' banishment. i
M. Guerin was sentenced to ten years' !
confinement in a fortified place.
Marquis de Lur Saluces was sentenced
to ten years' banishment..
The Marquis, who is a well-known roy
alist and who was formerly a member of
the Chamber of Deputies, was convicted
in default of appearance. His whereabouts
is unknown, but it is believed that ho i»
outside of French territory. He repre
sented the Glronde in the National As
sembly of 1871 and at one time he held the
rank of Chief of Battalion in the territo
rial army.
M. Deroulede. still weak from his ill
ness, entered the hall, leaning on M. Bar
illlwes 1 arm. Among the public were M.
Deroulede"s daughter and brother and
quite a number of women friends of the
prisoners.
After the reading of yesterday's decis
ions, M. Fallieres ordered the expulsion
of the men acquitted, and the Public
Prosecutor asked for the application of
sentences agrtinFt the convicted. M. Buf
fet's counsel. M. Normans, followed in
behalf of his client and began to expatiate
on the latter's sentiments, when M. Fal
lieres Btoppod him and told the lawyer
to keep to the question of the sentence.
"Well." said M. Normans, "strike my
client, po that the court may Judge the
extent of the hate and fear which ani
mates you."
M. Fallieres interrupted counsel, saying:
"You are insulting the court."
M. Normans rejoined: "M. Buffet leaves
this court greater than when he entered
it. and he will become greater still in
prison."
M. Buffet then said: "You have dealt
me a blow. Thank you. You have con
demned the Government twelve times and
I thank you twelve times. I do not want
to benefit by the Bcrenger law. If there
were street domonrtrations to-morrow I
would take part thorn. I do not
want pity or indulgence."
M. Deroulede then rose and Bald: "Slnco
you have coupled me with the valiant
royalist Buffet and the courageous antl-
Srmite duerin 1 will share their pain.
Hut. howevor hard may be the sentence,
however distant the exile, which Is even
more cruel for me, a patriot and a sol
dier, I will return. I will return when jus
tice returns. 1 shall be freo when the na
tion liccnmcs free. I am here by Loubet's
orders. Strike me, then. Accomplish the
act which will remain an indelible shame
on the history of the parliament. Vive
l'Armee NationaJe! Vive la Republique
dn Peuple!"
M. LH'roi;]f»de was listened to in pro
found silence, but his passionate utter
anrt-s caused a great sensation.
M. Guerin gaid he did not wish to make
any further defense. He would not utter
a word of rt.'pentenee or appeal for in
dulgence, adding: "However hard my
trials and sufferings, I will say to my
friends 'Courage.' •Confidence.' 1 '
M. Deroulede rose again and said: "I
desire for the first time to shake hands
with these men. I met them here and
1 have learned to esteem them."
M. Deroulede then shook hands with
MM. nufff-t and Gu*>rin.
M. Buffet cried: "This is the first and
perhaps the last time."
M. Guerin said: "It is the first time
we are in agreement. "
M. Deroulode shouted, sarcastically:
"Yes, h^re Is the conspiracy."
The Fecret session then began and the
sentences were announced latfr.
There were a few cries of "Vivo Derou
lede:" and "Abas Loubct!" from the au
dience after the sentences were pro
nounced, but the demonstration was quite
insignificant. Although the anti-Somite
press is making a fuss over the outcome
tho tactics of the anti-Semites are shown
by the sensational caption "Murder of
Derouledo" in their afternoon organ. La
Cocarde, which secured a few purchasers
who were disgusted to find it only meant
what the Nationalists affect to consider
the legal murder of Deroulede.
To-day's decision condemns the con
victed men to pay the costs of the prose
cution. The sentences took effect im
mediately. It is asserted M. Deroulede
was hurried to the train and immediately
dispatched toward the Spanish frontier
he having decided to reside at San Se
bastian.
M. Guerin will be removed to a French
fortress, probably on the island of Oleron,
over the west coast. M. Buffet will go
to Belgium.
PARIS Jan. S.— MM. Buffet and Derou-
Icde left Paris by the Northern Railway
at 5 o'clock this morning.
MONEY DUE FOR
CARE OF INSANE
¦
Suits Are Filed in Two
Test Cases.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4.— John F. Carrere,
secretary of the State Lunacy Com
mission, began probate proceedings in
four cases here to-day, which is but the
Initiatory of similar actions to be com
menced in every county in the State. Tho
proceedings are to force guardians of in
sane persons to pay for the charge of
their wards in the various State insane
asylums. There are thousands of dollars
due the State for the board of Insane pa
tients who have estates nmple to pay for
their care, and the commission has de
cided to collect It in each case.
The first proceedings begun in the Pro
bate Court here charge that Edward
O'Brien Is an incompetent and an inmate
of Agnews Asylum, where he has beeji
since the lGth of March, ISS3. Kate Far
rell was appointed guardian and is now
the qualified and acting guardian. Peti
tioner says that there is now due the
asylum the sum of $2000 for the care of
the Incompetent, and that the guardian
refuses to pay this and has neglected to
file or render an account. Petitioner
asks that Kate Farrell be cited to ap
pear and render an account and show
cause why the claim should not be paid.
Judge Ilyland issued the citation and
made it returnable January 12.
The second is in the case of James Otis
Nye, who has been an inmate of the
Stockton Asylum since June. ISSS. It is
claimed that 32070 Is due that institution
for his care. E. N. Parr Is Nye's guardian,
and he is cited to appear, file an account
and show cause why he should not pay
the claim.
The estate of Mary L. Ryder is another
that is requested to settle with the State.
Mrs. Ryder was committed to Agnews in
August. 1893. and $11S5 is due the State for
her support. John R. Norton is the
guardian, and he Is asked to render an
account for the past two years.
E. M. Ramer. guardian of Gertrude
Duffleld, Is another one cited to appear
and show cause why he should not pro
vide for his ward, whose estate is now in
debted to Agnews Asylum for $2000.
All these guardians are requested to ap
pear on January 12. Attorney General
Ford is the attorney for the petitioner.
TO PREVENT SPREAD
OF BUBONIC PLAGUE
war Department Issues Instructions
and Details Extra Officers to
Go to Manila.
"WASHINGTON. .Tan. A.— Prompt meas
ures are being taken by the officials hers
to deal with the bubonic plngue in the
Philippines and to prevent its introduction
Into the United States. An executive order
v,:IJ be issued to-morrow by tbe War De
partment placing the quarantine service
of the Philippines in charge of the Ma
rine Hosjilt.ii Service, and officers to man
age tlist «rork will be detailed by the Sec
retary of the Treasury. A special set of
Instructions designed to prevent the In
troduction of the disease on the Pacific
Coast ere also in preparation and will be
Jssued soon. Passed Assistant Surgeon J. E.
J>rry of the Marine Hospital Service has
been detailed to have charge of the torn*
ponxy quarantine service at Manila. He
has \>ce'A at Hongkong for six months, is
fam'.Mar with other Asiatic ports and is
r^carded as an experienced and capable
officer.
Mirri Resigns.
ROME. Jan. 4.— Lieutenant General
Mirri. Minister of War, haa resigned In
consequence of attacks made upon him
bc-ca-JSA of h'.s efforts in IS9I to secure the
liberation of S'.gnor Palizzoto. member of
the Chamber of Deputies for Palermo, ac
cused of murdering Signor Notarbartolo.
former director of the Bank of Sicily, in
connection with the notorious bank frauds
case.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.-Xotwlthstand
ing many reports to the contrary, it can
authoritatively be said that there is no
change at the close of business to-night
in the antagonism existing between ship
pers of citrus fruits and the Initial roads,
the Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe.
The determination of shippers to forward
cars, while not predicated upon unanim
ity as to expediency, was reached after
long deliberation based on legal advice.
This has resulted in the forwarding to-day
of less than sixty cars from all points in
Southern California. These cars are those
first loaded and tendered January 1, and
by long standing their contents would
have deteriorated In value by rot and con
finement. They were shipped direct to
such markets as had requested consign
ments.
These shipments were received by the
railroads at the old rate of 90 cents a box,
as they had full control of the routings.
In the face of the acceptance for ship
ments the rpad3 were served with a legal
protest as to a waiver of the right to
route the cars against the demands of the
shippers. While this seems like a victory
for the roads the shippers contend that
these shipments are to relieve a conges
tion and go direct to available markets,
and that the real issue will later be deter
mined.
"We have resumed shipments." said
President Naftzger of the Southern Cali
fornia Fruit Exchange to-nisht, "for the
reason that we have been forced to do so:
but we have made the shipments under
protest, and we do not waive any part of
our objection to the action of the compa
nies." The falling out between the ship
pers and the roads is not over by any
means, the fruit men say, and they de
clare that the trouble will, at an early
date, find Its way into the courts.
Telegrams by scores have been passing
between the railroad officials all day. and
it is stated that the railroads find the sit
uation worse for so doing under the na
ture of the protests that have been filed.
The full force of this Imbroglio will, it Is
asserted, be felt when the consignments
reach their destination and the condition
of the fruit is noted. Should the experi
ment of shipping in any old way. as tho
initial lines wish, prove that rot. freezing
and bad order should result, tho howl that
has been raised in the past few days will
only resemble a faint whistle as compared
to a cyclone roar.
DEROULEDE AND
BUFFET BANISHED
Guerin Sentenced to Imprison
ment and Saluces Also Mjust
Leave France.
SHIPPERS ADOPTED
A SAFETY MEASURE
Will Not Adn)it Defeat and Say tbe
Dispute May Be Carried Into
the Courts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
FASTENING GUILT
ON MOLINEUX
Interesting Day in the
Poisoning Case.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— lnterest did not
lag for a moment to-day in the trial of
Roland B. Molineux for the murder of
Mrs. Katherine X Adams. Three of the
witnesses called gave testimony concern
ing the illness of Henry C. Barnet, who
died at the Knickerbocker Athletic Club
in tho fall of IS9S, and who, the prosecu
tion claims, was poisoned by cyanide of
mercury contained in Katnow powder.
Tho prosecution was also enabled to in
troduce the marriage certificate of Roland
B. Molineux and Blanche Cheseborough,
the alleged purpose of offering it being to
fix the age of Molineux. In one of the
letters asking for a patent medicine,
signed "H. C. Barnet," the writer gave
his age. It corresponded with that in the
certificate, but did not answer for Barnet.
A witness testified to-day as to the ef
fort by Molineux to have Cornish disci
plined by the Knickerbocker Athletic
Club, and a bank teller identified the poi
son package address and the "Barnet"
and "Cornish" letters as all written by
Molineux. All the testimony to-day
strengthened the prosecution's case, ex
cept that Barnet's attending physician,
while conceding that there had been mer
cury poisoning, insisted that the cause of
death was heart failure following diph
theria. He was asked:
"You have no doubt that Barnet's death
was due to diphtheria?" and replied: "I
am just as sure as I can be that Barnet's
death was due to diphtheria, with Bymp
toms of mercurial stomatitis."
Guy E. R. Ellison, chemist, testified that
he had reserved some of the mysterious
powder taken from the box in Barnet's
room, and was sent to his office for the
powder and for apparatus to analyze it.
He made a demonstration before the jury.
He placed a part of the powder in a test
tube and poured some muriatic acid on
top of it. The fumes of hydrocyanic acid
then rose in the air and the liquid became
perfectly white. Then the witness took
up a small phial of iodide of potash and
emptied it Into the test tube. The liquid
first turned orange, then gradually turned
darker and darker until it was bright red.
"This," said the wjtness, "la red mer
curic iodide."
Then the Recorder asked for th© tube
and it was passed to him. He held it
aloft and looked through it. As the Re
corder Keld it the liquid changed. It be
came white at the bottom and turned
lighter at the top.
I^ater the white turned red like the rest
of the fluid, showing, tho witness said,
that mercury was present.
Charles C. Hughes, a member of the
Knickerbocker Club, testified that he had
repeated to Molineux a statement made
by Cornish that he (Molineux) had made
money by selling liquor in a disreputable
way.
"What did Molineux say?"
"He said It was an outrage and that an
employe should net bo allowed to mako
such statements."
Witness then told how Molineux com
plained to tho board of governors of the
club of Cornish slandering him and also
complained of the condition of the baths,
which were under Cornish's charge.
\\ hen Hughes left the stand and passed
around behind the jury-box Molineux
turned around in his seat and bowed and
smiled to him with a great show of cor
diality. Hughes returned the bow and
smiled at the defendant as he walked to
his seat among the spectators.
Joseph Farrell, a Newark policeman,
testified to meeting and speaking to
Molineux on December 21. IS9S, in Newark,
near the store of Hartgen & Co., where
the silver bottle-holder that contained the
poison received by Cornish is supposed to
have been purchased. ,
Gilbert B. Sayres, paying teller of the
National Shoo and leather Bank, was
positive in his identification of the poi
son package address, the admitted Moli
neux letters and the "Barnet" and "Cor
nish" letters, as having been written by
the same person. He had studied the
handwriting for two weeks, he said, and
began tho study believing Molineux in
nocent. '"I have to be very careful," said
the witness, "for the paying out of thou
sands of dollars rests on my judgment. I
have examined these writings and am
very sure that my opinion is correct. AH
the writings are very much alike. The
disguises are very transparent."
Court adjourned until to-morrow, when
It is expected that Joseph Koch, the let
ter-box man, will identify Molincux as his
patron.
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY January 9, 1900,
AT 13 O'CLOCK NOOJf. AT
Oar Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
Downtown Investment. northeast corner
Ptorkton anil Pacific sts. ; 1-story brick bulM-
imr; rents JSS per month; Jot 36:»x53.
Leavenworth-st. flats; eaat »lde; 1120 and
1120 A Leaven worth »t., near Hacramento; I
flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $40 per
month; 22:11x80.
By order of Savir.cs and Loan Society. 19 ele-
gant buildln; lots on Jackson. Larkln and Pa-
cific «ts. ; surrounded by elegant flats; an ex-
cellent Investment If improved with modern
flats.
Western Addition flats: west «lde: 1315 to
1315E Steiner at., near Ellis: 6 elegant modern
flats. 6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents $127 SO per
month: 50x90.
South of Market Investment: east aide; 29 to
33 Zoe at., near Bryant; front bulldlnjr: 2 stores
and 5 flats of 5 rooms and bath: also rear build-
ing containing 6 flats of 4 and 5 rooms; total
rents $96 per month.
Mission residence; west alda: 842 Capp at.,
near Twenty-fourth; house 7 rooms and bath;
20x13.
Western Addition residence: east aide: IJJO
Baker St.. near Sacramentn; cottags 8 rooms
and bath; rents J23; 23:6x102:8.
Mlaslon cottages: northeast corner San Jos*
aye.; 3SI to 357 and 2314- IS Twenty-sixth at.; t
houses of 5 and $ rooms; rents $73 per month;
TOxK.
Pacific Heights lots; south side Vallejo at..
1«5 west I.neur.n. St.; two elegant residence;
27:8x137:6 each.
Western Addition corner: southwest corner
Hayes <801) and Web«tf>r afs.; house 6 rooms
and bath; rents J3O; 37:CxS2:S. •
EASTON. ELDRIHGR A Cp..
C 33 Market at.
— TT-Tj WEAK BACK,
*fM*i TWITCHING
,_y^sT* I NERVES,
I HSife MEMORY,
Z^^^p DIZZY
|^^S SPELLS
M^oi^^M r .' ir^ by nuD -
l?J*gfJ*§SSH^ thing Is radically
~~^^:^g^:i^^ wrong when euch
~^l"lf3t - '<£==vi the«e sy m p torn*
iF.' j= fezrf^ 1 denote serious
|=Hfl ffS^g I? >' ou exp«rienc«
fST^Y^ fj r~s ~i those symptoms,
I p^&> with p«rhar>s nerr-
I 6m ousnrss, a feeling
I VJ of lassitude or ex-
S \?*v haustlon. eedlment
In urtn*. or head-
arhrs <2g. 3). hollow ryes ar.d pufflness
under eyfs (fig. 2). coated tongrue or clam-
my mouth (fig. Si, backache (fig. 4). weak-
ness of limbs (tic 5), or swelling of an-
kles (fig. C). th^n be warned, for you may
soon P.tA yourself a total Invalid.
Take QCDTAN. It will cur© you.
Don't wait until complete prostration, but
take HL'IjYAN now.
HL'DYAN Is a permanent cure for all
ICldr.ey and Nervous disorders. Don't be-
come a physical wreck when a positive
cure 1? witljin your Immediate reach-
lIUDYAN ia not an experiment — it has
been tried and tested. HL'DYAN makes
rich blood, which f-orves to give strength
ard build up the system.
lIUDYAN— aII druggists— &oc a package.
Bix packages S2.M. If your druggist does
not keep it. s..r;d direct to the lIUDYAN
RI3MKDY CO.. corner Stockton, Ellis and
Market streets. San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
YOUR CASE. FREE OF CHAJiGi:.
CALL, OR WRITK.
n & H B9 ESS SB VitS B W aJB
a& S HWmfa Ta "I 1 *
R on B figa ea in A K& is
e3'w fit K9 ESS KSI Has H U Vu r
t FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
R WEAK WOMEN.
% Double=breasteds4f|
|i blue serges = = = fifJdpß
Popular fancy seems
•M to run to the blue serge, l^i
|| We expected this ||Pj t^^^m :
P and bought heavily,
We are in a position pipp 0 '^^^A
yk to offer you a good, a^P°^^B
uressy, wearauie, uou- F^i^fe^o^^^^^^^P
$\\ blp-breristed blue 'Ill^ltsfe
<^ for $10. lliriil^ -^ll§|ili
|| It is a suit that im-
|k presses you with its
1^ simple elegance at first 1
|| sight and its lasting
f| qualities upon a con-
|| tinued acquaintance.
M The ten dollars' JW ylf
§|fc worth is in evidence v
M from first to last. \Mj
i Boys' Clothing, fc
||| It will pay every mother to visit our chil- |^
4%> dren's clothing department — prior to stock-
taking we have reduced almost everything —
fs|j the store abounds in values. |p
Ball and bat free with every suit or overcoat. §4
H ? — + H
2?^ ¥///
%y\ Out-of-town orders filled; write us for illustrated catalogue No. 2. ssy
7%& 4 ¦ ¥ SKS
W 718 Market Street. (M
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UrVlilv i
DEPOSIT
GUARANTEE
DR. METERS & CO.'S FAIR OFFER:
PATIENTS MAT DEPOSIT THE
price of a cure In any San Francisco
bank, to be paid only after they are weli.
or mar pay In monthly installments.
Prices reasonable. No other doctors win
make such an offer. *
They Cure tbe Following Ailments:
Privat: Diseases Lost Manhood J?
Kidn;y Diseases Nervous D:bllity
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness %
Liver Diseases Despondency ?
Heart Diseases G:n;ral Debility
SDine Diseases | Loss of Memory
Stomach Diseases; Blood Poison
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
DR. METERS & CO. are the only
specialists on the Pacific Coast who
cure diseases and weakness of men
exclusively. r
DR. METERS * CO. conduct the larg-
est and best equipped m?d!cal institution
and have the most extensive practice In
the world. They avoid the use of all
mineral, poisonous or dangerous drugs
and electric belts. All their remedies are
carefully compounded In their private
laboratory, without cost to their patients.
HOME CURES— MEE BOOK.
Thoupands of men are cured at home
every year. If you cannot visit San Fran-
cisco, write for free private book, advice,
question list. etc. All correspondence
confidential. No printing on envelopes or
packages to Indicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 MARKET ST., S. P. |
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
[Dally. 9 to «. l .
HOURS: lEvenings. 7 to ». £
(Sundays, 3 to 11. &
i
3RA. KIRKMAN. a well-knowTi wjjxnrm^^
commission merchant of this
o city, Is among the missing f^
and his bride of six weeks Is
lamenting his unexplained absence. ff
Sh<-- fears that her husband wa« shar.i?- & J^J~§£*}h
h!»d ar.'l Is now on the Pacific Ocean j:
an unwilling passenger on a whaltnp p P^^^^tfj^Tfty. v^
Lark. The f<-, r ?aken -Rife has notified F tip ?3iffl^ W
the police of her husband's disappear- £ W? "r
ance and asks that thpy aid her In £ r^k- «SuJ \
tralninp Fom-- trace of him. • 1017 iP* -9^t
Shortly after 10 o'clock Wednesday | P"/ * j
morning Mr. Klrkman left his apart- j r/W^V^ J^jf 1
ments In the Hotel Beresford on Bush J y^hajg /a? 3
street. Before leaving he told his wife \ Vk^ .*/» S
that he was going down to the water \ \tX t^. j^# L . S
front to say gdbd-by to a Mr. Stone- \ jt^Sr^SU\. J
roa'l. who was to have left on an ocean ft Js^S^ '^s^ if
voyace. He tol<i her that he did not t ¦'- '¦ ? S s^
know on what vessel his friend was V^ />''¦ H»l //* •'• ' ' ' <v
sailing, but he Intended to find him iL 1 I Hjl l *> <"
if he had to board every ship in the \i'flifjl l\ " £
harbor. It was learned yesterday that »W\iL^— -w^f / g
Mr. Stoneroad did not take his pros- nn'^itMt 7 A *^&
pective trip and he stated that he did jTj^-zSr
not Fee Kirkman. '-'. ; .~ -vi--" >^feg^>C^ | __ f
Mrs. Kirkman said that her husband
had an appointment to meet a Mr. • £^^*^
Knox, at 330 Pine street, and she
learned that he had not kept it. She R. A. KIRKMAN.
declared that her husband was de
votedly attached to her and that no quarrel existed between them. She
thinks that when he boarded a whaling vessel in search of Mr. Stoneroad
he was detained on board.
The missing man Is five feet ten inches In height and Is heavily built.
He had auburn hair and is smooth shaven. He has been a resident of this
city for some years. He came originally from Merced, where his father con
ducts a large nursery- A little over a month ago he married Miss Jennie
Lewis, a beautiful society girl of Merced.
WORKING FOR
DR. GARDNER'S
JOB AT NAPA
Gage Wants to Ap
point His Friend.
HABEAS CORPUS LEVERAGE
»
BUCHANAU INSAHTTY CASE AP
PEAES HJ POLITICS.
Hart Buchasan. who murdered David
Miles at Mary*vii:e in I£*4, was before the
Supreme Court yesterday on habeas cor
pus. Buchanan's case ha« attracted no
little attention, er.d many are wondering
why there is ruch a determined effort be
ing xsade to rc'.ease from an asylum a
man twice pronounced incurably inaane.
Rome cay that th^re is money in It. but
those on the ir.E'de are satisfied that poll
tic* ar.d personal epite form no small fea
tures in the case.
According to the beet accounts no less a
person than the Governor cf the State Is
interested in having It determined that
liuchanan !• sane. In an attempt to refute
the etatement of Dr. A- M. Gardner, the
f up^rtntft^'if-nt of the asylum, whose place
Gage would like to fill with one of his
PYTHIANS MUST
PAY INSURANCE
TO MRS. RICHTER
Soldier's Widow Is
Victorious.
JUDGMENT BY JUDGE BAHRS
GRAND LODGE BY-LAW HELD
TO BE VOID.
Superior Judge Bahrs handed down yes
terday a decision in the case of Louisa
Richter against the Supreme Lod^e
Knights of Pythias, which. If sustained
by the Supreme Court, establishes a pre
cedent that will bring comfort to the fam
ilies of many soldiers who have died for
their country on the field of battle.
Judge Bahrs has decided that Mrs. Rich
ter is entitled to recover $3090, the face of
an insurance policy on the life of her hus
band. Captain Reinhold Richter, who was
kiiled while in the service of the United
States army during an engagement be
tween the Spanish and American forces
near Manila. August 4, IS9S. The court
also holds that the provision of the by
laws of the order prohibiting service in
the array or navy during time of war was
Illegally enacted by the Knights of
Pythias in excess of its granted corporate
powers, and is absolutely void.
when Mrs. Kichter. after being denied
the insurance on her husband's life, filed
suit to recover, the order set up the sole
defense that in Joining the army Captain
Richter had forfeited his membership.
The plaintiff claimed that the law, which
was passed by the Supreme Lodge at
Cleveland, Ohio, September 1, 1596, was
ambiguous, uncertain and against public
policy, and was in excess of the cor
porate powers of the order.
The court sustained this contention
throughout, and holds that the defend
ant's right td exercise corporate powers
and functions was expressly limited by
Its charter, awarded by Congress, and any
attempted exercise of such powers and
functions beyond such limitation is void.
In rendering the decision the court said:
Prior to Jun« 29, 1534. the defendant had
been Incorporated on a number of occa
sions in the District of Columbia under
the general incorporation laws of that dis
trict enacted in mo. On that date, how
ever, to wit. June 23, 1594. the defendant
assumed its present corporate existence un
der a special enactment of the Senate and
House of Representatives of the United
States, which enactment Is tha charter of
the defendant, and It, together with such
general laws as have apntlcatlon. measure
the corporate powers of the defendant as a
corporate body politic.
This charter provides that various per
son*, naming them, - • • • "be and
they are hereby lncoroorated and made a
body t-olitlc and corporate In the District
of Columbia, by the name of the Supreme
Lodge Knights of Pythias, and by that
name it may sue and be sued, plead and be
lmpleaded. In any court of law or equity,
and may have and use a common seal and
change the same at pleasure. - and b« en
titled to use and exercise all the powers,
rights and privileges incidental to frater
nal and benevolent corporations within the
District of Columbia."
Titr^-V C3H' H. :4Wi: S. ISBBii %. V2S\. Good itart. VTon -aaJly. Seco=iS and
third driving.' Winner. E. J. Baldwin' • br. h.. by tap. Duacom^e-L!z2le B.
Ban Venado best. Lady Meddlesome will lmpror». Ballsta cut off at etart.
TROUBLE BETWEEN AGENTS.
C. A. Hawkins of the White Sewing
Machine Company Arrested
for Grand Larceny.
C. A. Hawkins. Pacific Coast agent for
the White Sewing Machine Company, sra«
arrested yesterday afternoon on a war
rant charging him with grand larceny. He
NAMES ON BOTTLES.
Decificn That They Are T»ct Decora
tiers cr Ornamentation for Tar-
Ifl Purposes.
Ttf Y-:.:^. Ftate* General Appraiser*
fcav* £<-t:&t-4 that pIaEE bottles on which
thT* have }jfr*rTt product by the proems*
Of Htad blasting, inscriptions eivlrg the
rame cf the owner or dealer and the
brand of tbdr contests, are not subject to
cl&sslScatSon unif-r paragraph JO), tariff
trt f .f 107, a? orr;aiiiente'3 or decora.te'l.
I r.EJ rr.ar.afactTjr«rF r.f r ¦. " urAf-r par
&?raj<h 111. but are dutiable a» plain grlass
bottle*; accordlni? to capacity. ur.£er par
srr.'sph SS.
1 :.- ryllss of The AppraJters !s baj»*d
uiJ'.ri a rec«-rt d^Eion by United States
CtlUlU JoflSC I^axorafce. to the effect that
'^.* fzirY.lr.f on r.'otti*-!! of the r.aa» ar.d
tdtfresa of the owner ar.d the words "This
¦Spites not to be sold," was not a decora
tion f>r ar; orr.am*-:Uat!'">ri within th<»
o*ar!r.jf of paragraph Vi of th% tariff act
ST3 Eannockb-ira ..m:fas)Afam*3a 193
474 Bathos lXi<;T6>Geyser 11l
F:ft!i rs.c» — Six furlor.g-s; jellir.g; three-year
cid« and upwari.
SCS Tcritio 100 OOAntolnetta n
V 3 Mjud Ferruscn. MfXjAlunUnum ICS
:£A Tone ICS CO>G~/O«J Hope 5S
it* St. Aur.«s iZ US Airaca 107
OS Alsiia 50? ttt G.">i»ando ?2
145 tVI!! Fay V« ii: M«-rry Boy 137
va Mike Ulc^ 107:
Flxth race— Five ard a half furloscs; tfcre»
y.-ar-i.ldi!; purse.
<»TS)Ai!ce Dougherty IJ^>; *<S Tltona 112
.'C2 Giro Hi; IZ% Favcrito 11?
ifZ S:*<3uoc 11l 5iS Redwald : 115
CO Chateau i11'.... Flora Bird 115
47? Djome-1 113, 472 Racetto 112
tes I»ailr.e IK>. :es Abcrlrlne 112
VTi Fine Shct ll»i<KS)L,!Eaeiick 122
Selections for To-Day.
Flr^t race—St^rin K!rp, Revar.r.a, Ger.ua.
s^»cond race —Mif» Marian, Loving Cup Nora
Tvm. .
"Third race —Vassal, Faremham. A!l«r.ra.
Fourth race —Gey?»r.' BannockbTjm. Afamada.
Fifih race—Silver Tone. Alana, Maud Ferpu
¦on.
Sixth race —Alice Dcugh^rtj-. R^iwaM, Flora
ElrrS.
574. FIRST RACE-One mile: selling: three- year-olds and upward: purse $400.
j. F. CALD^VELL— Starter v
RACING
SPORTS
LEASHMEN
NAME A NEW
DELEGATE
CAREY WAS
BACKED OFF
THE BOARDS
Indies cc Gxirsing Qub Thus
Averts Thrcaen?d Move
ment Toward SereV
sion.
>At a entice of the Ir^leclde Coursing
dub ia*t r.l«fct Darnel P. DeJurey w^t
elected to Sit the vacancy la tb*= club'i
rt'j.r'-writfctloa ca the California. Coumlng
isalttee. For &. time It »v thoughJ
tb« cobrstas Tr;«-n might teced© from th«
rv. ernisc bo<J> ar.d Umj bring about end
;«-»* contusion. Wtoer counsel prevailed;
- **«•:*.* thfe «iectian Uua night.
Tfc*- FtaJce at Ing:«-tlae this we*k is !:in
lu<l to eighty dog*. The tfctaJ prlx« racntj
is HO 54, divided as I&liow»: To the win
p*T fiiv. run&er-up VS., iLird K5. two el
t»j each, five at S2Z j>\ ten &i Jia and
twenty at J7 SO. Courstr.* wi!l axaoezict
e*/-h <iay at Jl a. us. The draw resulted
fcj foliow":
Oj*ec (Ui>, S» 'dec*— J. I. O"Drten'» Stat**
rr*- v». O;-i At^^srrrzbit't Victor Kins: H-s*
»*.^ a:u-; & tvu»oo's Us.ir Es-.m*. ra. E.
&*aym v, iytt l^tTa-Tsa; E»rt*:f Broii.*Tf" Cai:
r/>c li*:it *%. P. R<-:'.!r'« Ejo?tj*; \v. O.
OUwfi'i fci«<rb Be!'.« w*. J. &erser*iii't K*btU
• •• E. CV/r.r>»rrk H«rcoi«* v«. P. JlcC*.s>e'i
Bcs»y'iicj: <>>rii^:l Hrzlttn' Mijxle P>a»ai:;
• » J l*»i: - « Gi^ASt; J. fc**ttr»oß« G^.i HSU
r» D. J. «<!«>>"• U*t,rt LtTiS: H. A. I^cke3
m-, . £ix4-»:..t •. k tjoiw* tt Tfcoc:j.-s«i"« Prise*
iu^; >: 11. Y.-:.<.xt% l^ty G::=iors vs. Cszi
t^.H Brcti*r»* Z-r-T-j^zurt; Cs~n*:i Brctfcer*"
H'jrA-tr v«. C"isrs»-il Brother*' Clvrtr: A. Vaa
«let;tarri.» Xveftttj Gir! v«. P. J. >JcCat*f
tkr }-?^-. p. hjrj.'.jr't 'Rictaaond C-j«^a »•*- J-
I. Ote't'i Vaadertas Tom; F. il'jnzSt E:t
cf Ffc»f.: -s. Tf Z. Ptxtfa Pj^4 Wi=*«; Car.ae.'l
Bmtai P*.-/*-.:* vi. I>. J. Healey'f La-ir
Gi."»; a. JfTtt*:fX« Glea R^r v »- B*nei«
h-fJU^-rr' ii-rrr Urf-wtr: It. Tiri.% BcstU. vs.
A. Virt4«T.borr&'* Co?7*7*-fA'i; F. Staraa'a
Fm.j» rj.'z~T*r vi M. nency'a Ki'.Sire; H.
A. ;^c«;»-.a^E.« Gi«- Cfckx vj. T. J. ( IT-~:r. •
Iron I*- % k*; li> I*rach'« L*xl:irton t». a. Van
d«r.lurrii» Ara«rlr*a Zm*'*t: 3. lAtkaoo'a
Is.i-.k i'^-n st H. H. Gray's Terror^te; J.
S**r— •-- » C*n4ei*rta v». F. R.«h=^an'» J=»
xy + . Jo* P»rrv'# Ouzz^nAur* Nuj v«. J. 1.
E-ira-,: . - i: — .zj: Gl&rj-; H. F. Xnitn^n'%
Cntvtor^ lirzs-i v%. Murphy it TcUs4'» Twj-
Bcfet Jr.: J. Antfccc>-« Patrlx v§. H. A.
Ij*rk»is3ax"« B'/.iw; Z. wr.st-t Ma.*r^e«;a v%.
M. :.V*ic« • Atfcr.*; C M, Kt-1.-^gt Huni
u*t vt P. Tifi'Jr't Ijtir Orstr.:-.*: V. 3
KaraaxVa Kari I*.zj* -n. P.us»*::, Ai.en A
V'V.f-i-z.' t liif-'er C*.lr; J. I>&a'« SKilr.o vi
I!, L.jTS=t'« loiterer; J. .LMaa't CdßOexsara v».
T .* Craßin'a Rsc« of Tra^<?*: H. A. Derkei
cts'i Oi3 Glory r*. H. H. Grar» Rost; M.
JJI-rr-jJrk » ICm.t vi R E. -J* B. Lof*z« Sasta
Rtta; T. F "y.r«-"'» -->' l 'ir:zz> vs. J. Ron
ctac'* ExTs-jwey !-»**; Kletsin? lircth«r»' Flaaae
x%. Ijkricry * P.'^-fc'« s£:r.<Tva; Ru»e»li, AJ>ii
A Tl'U»os'» KiM i'»--Trjir; t«. W. H. Efcear *
lirr.iymz; I. A. Hopes'* Sect'.lth Chl*i n.
3. O Th't'f Xcrsot r'.rtr.z-; T. Niren'i N«::i»
S v» V. l*.r :¦*.* Ma«=«t3: T. F. L.-.jrat"i
I>4h x%. Z*o*rv «r Thcrsp»c2'« Patrta.; Russell.
A n« V,'-Atx,'t rfetrrnir-s E»Vie vt. D. Fcri'!
(aaolta; Ba.rt»l» Dtutteir Bor€er'» B*« v».
X.xtrv~r * TOtuaCu P:*t«ar.t Girl; T. J. Cro
tts'» Mail at lii i vf IL a. L*w-
Easy Win at Tanforan of a
Long Shot From Louis
Ezel's Stable.
The crly unusual -ripple of excitement
in cocr.ecUon with the racing at Tz^foran
yesterday was the terrific piunge made oa
Thoma.s Carey, wlr.r.tr cf the f.fth event,
a slx-furlor.g dub. Starting la Louis
Ezetl's colors, the dusty on< cx-r.«-d at 10
to 1, and wht-n the p!ay ceased four and
five w£j» the best obtainable. J. V.'a'.sh
rode him. winning In a walk from Saa
AncnstJSC and Modwena. Corrigan:- D^n
Quixote nu favorite for the race at short
odds, and presented a distressing specta
cle. Starting on thrre i^ps. h*- finished
w'tii two. Lai el j' Le:r.g able to hopple
back to the paddock. If horses in this
condition *lt*? to trr fvnt to tfce post it is
about .tx« thy tiuniT.e Socitty ua,* a
h&£.<3 la racing.
<ieys«T and San Y^ado were the only
winning favorite*. Reversals at the new
track are soxn«-what frightful, ax.d it is
rapidly tailing ir.t>j disfavor. On Monday
Blkbop Re^d cid not thow spc-td enough in
a race to t*at a "yali^r dog," whi:? yes
terday the use horse Jed Jrorn start to
finish. Thif sort of racing do*s r.ot suit
*-tther th*- public or the bookniak*".
Whenever a "good thing" :s put over tne
I'la;e at Tanforan it generally lands. Only
Jourte»-n books cut in. a falling oft cf cne
from the last f'.im drawing.
The liaden- stakes, at one and a bix
;t-<?r;th niiles, saw Time-maker suddenly Ve
conie a stayer. - Heavily tacked at 6 to 1,
the Schorr horse, with Buiiman in ;he
caddie, beat the gate fully six lengths,
winning all the way. Poterste downed
it.* favorite. Zcroaster. for second p!ac«.
Topmast ruled a pronounced choice for
th* r.r«=t event at a mile. but never proved
s. factor. Bl?hcp Reed, al3 to 1 shot, rid
den by Vittitce. w»rnt out In the lead and
'hougn given a hard r^'u by Cyril won out
by a head. Red Pirate, miserably handled
by Baßsinger. tir.i.*hed third.
Old Mea<iowthorr>«- ]o«t the mile and a
furlong selUr.g aSair to Imperious by a
nos«. The trurk quite evidently was not
jest to his liking, and though responding
gasaely to Bullman's urging, could not get
\±Z>. The winner receded in the betting
fr&zn 6 to 5t05t0 2. Glengaber found no
difficulty In taking the show.
Corrig&rj'e Geyser fell into another soft
spot in the third number, a mile purse
ran. The condition." so arranged it that
he had to carry but Vis pounds, while Ad
vance Guard, the best of the others and
a thr«^:-year-old. had to pick up XC. A
prohibitive 1 to 6 choice. Geyser jraiiop'-<l
around- Advance Guard took the piace
from Bceus Bill.
The odde-on choice, San Venaoo, piloted
by Jenkins, took the closing seven fur
long run without effort. Hard Knot fln
l?hed second, several lengths ahead of
Lady Meddlesome.
— — . —
Track Notes.
Preeld'.r.g Judge Burke said that the re
versal of form shewn by Bishop R«?ed
¦wouM be investigated. Ur.less the horne \
was backed in the Eaetern poolrooms he
was almost overlooked at the track.
To-Day's Entries
Flm rac— Fiv» and a *:a!f f-jrlor.rs; four- !
ye»r-c!ds ami upward; s*!ltng.
SX Sto.T3 Kin? 112. 'At Terrene . '.-, '
Ul P.-var.na K4 "A Mcn'Ja "" j-7 \
VSX Rorrjiny 1<B! t2? Katie Gibbons t\ '¦
US Pit Murphy ST M> Oarando si
T2« Fa!i> G-»3wla.. S? 4*7 G»-noa. Ji
".I G H BiLTtjr. 63 E7S St. IsM-r U
K< Asttoela *:
F*CT!<i rac* — Five farlongr; four-year-olds i
tc4 upward; selling; mares.
£<X Ncra lie* Wit--.. The La« Jl5
(aOLrtnc Cap M*i ES( Jon 'joj
IZ'f Jirvjrie Jlr.r!* 301 s Z-ii La<Jy H»1o!f» V:5
SC« Xl Sala-io 1« 37 M:m Marion.. . 101
Etf.Thecrr Ifl IZi She!!ac ... ¦ \T.
OlOßacery 101'
Tfc:rs race"' One mile; three -y tar-oMs and up
ward: M-Illr.r.
.... Os'Hni Vfs' tin Rerlvan i«
i>i -TfcatnpSon Rose. m Ping io<i
V* Marrh Seven — l~i m Pam Dan'bauni '<i
£54 Whaltback \<*.\ 'JA All»nr.a : S7
547 Fav»Tfhani Vf*\'*.M)\*n»\ no
fJ«4)VThlte Fern 10C{
Fourth r»c«— Seven furlcnj-*: thre*-year-c!ds
end upward.
Sudden Death of Eugene Matthews.
Eugene Matthews, engineer for John G.
Us & Co. at Kl4 Kearny street, died sud
denly yesterday morning from heart dis
ease. Mr. Matthews went to work at the
A New Story by a Famous Author.
Who has not poured over the thrill
ingly interesting pages of "In the
Heart of the Storm." or that splendid
story "The Silence of Dean Maitland,"
by that clever writer Maxwell Gray?
If you enjoyed those stories, which, "of
course, you did, look out for the short
story by the same author in next Sun
day's Call. It is most interesting and
just the thing to read on a long win
ter's evenjner.
Libel for Damages.
F. C. Schllke filed a libel suit yesterday
In the United States District Court
against the steamer Alliance to recover
$2110 damages for personal injuries. He
alleges that while a cabin passenger, on
the steamer from (3t. Michael to Seattle,
on August 12. IS/O. he fell down a hatch
way In to the dining saloon, the hatchway
having been negligently left open, and re
ceived .injuries tvhich have disabled him
for three months, and caused him to ex
pend $110 for medical attendance.
YOUNG LEON CLAYBURG
PUTS BURGLAR TO ROUT
MIDNIGHT VISITOR MAKES A
HASTY EXIT.
Servant's Carelessness Enables the
Thief to Gain an Entrance, but
He Gets No Plunder.
A burglar gained an entrance to the r»s
idence of Simon Clayburg. 1916 Jackson
street, shortly before 1 o'clock yesterday
morning, but was discovered and put to
rout by young Leon Clayburg before he
had succeeded in securing any valuables.
Leon Clayburg. who is about 19 year 3
old. is a well built little chap, although
somewhat below the average height, and
possessed of the nerve ,of a veteran. He
had removed his clothing and was prepar-
J°., rc Ji re when he heard a none in
the hall. Thinking his uncle had returned
home he stepped out to speak to him and
bumped into an uncouth looking stran*. r
The stranger did not stop to explain "hfs
presence, but made tracks for th» rear
of the house with the boy in hot pursuit.
The burglar had prepared for emergen
cies by leaving the dining-room window
It will be seen that the corporate powers
granted are expressly limited to be exer
cised within the District of Columbia, and
had the National Legislature sought to en
large the powers beyond that such excess
would have been beyond Its powers as lim
ited by the constitution.
The conclusion that th» corporate powers
of the defendant are limited to the District
of Columbia appears to be inevitable, but
as tending to obviate this conclusion the
defendant has cited "An act regulating
fraternal beneficial associations In the Dis
trict of Columbia." passed March J. 1537,
which provides in section 12: "That any
such association organized under the laws
of said district may provide for the meet
ings of lta legislative or (roveming body in
any State, country, province or territory
wherein »uch association shall have sub
ordinate bodies, and all business trans
acted at such meetings shall b« valid in all
respects as If such meetings were held
within said district. • • • . " Con
ceding the legality of said enactment as
being within the powers of Congress. It
nevertheless Is a fact that the defendant
was ,not organized under the laws of the
District of Columbia, but by Congressional
enactment, and therefore this provision
would seem to have no applfcation to the
defendant, and furthermore, the provision
being merely a furtHer grant of powers, the
same cannot have any retroactive effect,
and as the prohibitive law was paused be
fore the enactment of this statute, and as
the statute does n'&t even pretend to be
retroactive, no Invalid enactment nf any
law by the defendant beyond the scope of
Its powers previous to said further frrant of
powers has been cured. Therefore the pro
hibitive law of the defendant must be tested
and weighed by the law as it stood at the
time of Its adoption. As has been shown,
on the Ist day of September, 1856. the de
fendant's r!«ht to exercise corporate powers
and- functions was expressly limited by its
charter to the District of Columbia, and
any attempted exercise of such powers and
functions beyond such limitation is and was
ultra virea and void.
In conclusion the court ordered Judg
ment entered in favor of the plaintiff as
prayed.
Td keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
frcm it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
. To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort cf violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; ail sorts of people use it.
If you war.t a eood complexion eat
plenty of fruit and tak© plenty of exer-
cise.
Hiller Allen Released.
Hiller Allen of Oakland, who was ar
rested in this city Wednesday on a war
rant sworn out by Arthur Williams, a
San Francisco tailor, charging him wi-h
paying for a stilt of clothes with a worth
less check, is once more free. Frlenda of
the young man came to the front when
they learned of his troubl* an.l squared
matters by settling with the irate tailor.
Allen claims he expected to have money
in the bank by the time the check wa'j
presented, but was disappointed.
BRIDE SEARCHING FOR
HER MISSING HUSBAND
open, and through this he disappeared in
a twinkling. Aa young Clayburg was at
tired only in his night gear he did rot
follow, but aroused the household and
then proceeded to make a hasty investi
gation to learn th© extent of the burglar s
depredations. The unwelcome visitor ni»d
effected an entrance through a window
in the front of the house opening Into the
drawing-room left unfastened by the
Japanese servant. Nothing had been dis
turbed. The police were notified, but aa
the bey could give but a very meager de
scription of the burglar, he will probably
evade capture.
Two Bankrupts.
Chsr',«-f L. Dorr.eMy, restaurant ke»p*>r.
Bzx. Francisco. f7.7i 76; aesets. JISO. Albert
H. Wright. brskemar.. .Sacramento,
1149) 12; suets. VZ.
Alumni Association Meets.
The Alumni Association of the Lyceum
Preparatory School for the University met
yesterday and elected the following offi
cers: James Murphy, president: H. H.
Zobel, Fred J. Perry, J. V. Calhoun and
Miss Genevieve Carroll, vice presidents;
Charles L. Asmussen, secretary; Miss
Emily Kane, Llda Corroll.
Emllie Kane and Charles Elkus, executive
committee. The association will hold its
next meeting on January- 20.
BAD DAY FOR FAVORITES.
Barataria and St. Wood the Only
Ones to Win.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 4 — Barataria
and St. Wood were the only winning fa
vorit^B to-day over a fast "<cjick. Results:
Six furlong?— WljtgJns won. 'TAgn e*ccnd.
Cotton Plant third. Tim*. 1:1SH.
On* rr.lle — PhaMas won. Den Chane* B«cond,
Chickamaura third. Time. 1:44.
Mi!» and & clxt««nth. telling— Barataria won.
Jim Ccnway «*cor.d, TravHer third. Time. l:ol.
H<>vcn furlorgß. handicap — St. Wood won.
Laurate second. I>brld» third. Tim*. 1:2«4.
Union League Election.
The annual election of officers and direc
tors of the Union League Club will be held
on January 9. Following are the nomina
tions: A. G. Booth, president; J. P. Le
Count, first vice president: George D.
Clark, second vice president: S. J. Hendy,
secretary. I- W. Hellman Jr., treasurer:
directors— Frank H. Burke. A. S. Man
gTum. D. E. McKinlay. George H. Pippy.
William M. Abbott and Thomas KirkDat
rick. Polls will be open from 1 o'clock
until S:3O p. m.
wa3 released on his own recognizance by
Judge Mogan. .
The complaining witness is F. J. Devlin,
who until a few days ago was local agrnt
for the company. Devlin had given 12000
bonds to the company, his sureties being
H. N. Boynton and Jar.r. Lbney. Hawkni3
had given Devlin ndXice that he would
commerce suit against his sureties for re
covery of money due. Wednesday Devlin
called upon Hawkins with his sureties
and placed J2OCO in gold on the counter,
asking Hawkins to hold it and give up the
bond, so as not to harass the sureties.
Hawkins retained the money but refused
to give up the bond, on the ground that
Devlin was Indebted to the company on
notes for machines he had sold to the ex
tent of $3200. Devlin claims that the notes
are all good and would be met at ma
turity, ar.d there was no necessity for
Hawkins holding en to the $2t«JO and refus
ing to give him the bond.
Six fcrlcr.es— Alzareua won. Belle of Mem
phis second, Eennevllle third. Time, 1:13 V
SHARKEY REBELS.
Says That Hereafter He Will Be His
Ovra Manager.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. Jan. 4.— Tom
Sharkey received a telegram from Torn
O'Rourke to-day in which the latter ex
pressed Indignation at Sharkey's state
ment that he did not care to have him In
his corner in the event of a fight with
Jeffries. Sharkey said he cared nothing
for O'Rourke and his friendship and
could get along very well without him.
and furthermore, that he would be his
own manager for the next fight.
Stafford Wins From Graham.
DES MOINES, Jan. 4.— The prizefight
here to-rJght between Jim Graham of Dcs
Moires and Jim Stafford cf Dubuque
resulted in a decision for Stafford in the
third round. Referee George Si'.er of Chi
cago gave the decision after Graham had
been floored s:x times, but was not
knocked out.
Sandow Snyder Wins.
LONDON. Ontario. Jan. 4.— Sandow Sny
der of Detroit beat Johnny Hmith, cham
pion bantam weight of Car.ada in the
fifth round here to-night. Smith broke his
arm and the decision went to Snyder.
J. J. BURKE- Pres!d'.r.ff Juis*.
FROM the betting on the boxing bout
between Al Nelll and Jack O'Brien,
which will take place in the arena
at Woodward's Pavilion, to-night,
O'Brien will enter the ring a srror.g fa
vorite. A large volume of money flowed
into the strong box at "Harry" Corbeu's
yesterday, each of the rival middle
weights apparently having a strong fol
lowing. In the paris mutuels Neill made
a decided gain in popular favor yester
day. Where on Wednesday only a quar
ter of the number of tickets sold bore
his name yesterday this was changed
and he led O'Brien by a short margin.
The bettors apparently believe the bout
will last the limit, and that Neill will
get the decision. The least number of
tickets sold on each man -is on the first
line. The complete table follows:
K«uX Round*. O*Briea.
17 l to « 17
« 7 to li «
» 13 to 17 tl
~1 IS over U
Ut Totals 131
Hiram Cook has accepted the respon
sibilities which go with the position of
referee and will pass Judgment on both
bouts. Previous to the big event Fred
Ast and "Soldier" Green will box two
rounds. Ast has had a short career as
a professional, but has acquitted himself
creditably. He won the Oelrichs belt,
emblematic of the welter-weight amateur
championship of the Pacific Coast, at the
Olympic Club some months since.
QUARTET OF BOXERS READY
FOR TWENTY-ROUND BOUTS
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ..JANUARY 5, 1900.
SPORTS
COURSING
(Copyright. Z3M. br H. H. Ester*-)
day of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. WeaJre
fine. Track heavy. - ..
THE BIG FIGHT TONIGHT
PULLED HAIR AND
SMASHED DISHES
mRS. FROXA EUNICE WAITE. a literary lady and 'the discoverer
of the California Venus, and Mrs. M. J. Single, a society lady from
the Interior, exchanged compliments at the Wentworth dinner ta
ble Wednesday evening, ar.d the result of this friendly greeting was
a lot of broken crockery and enough loose hair to make a "pompadour roll"
for a fashionable b*lle.
Those who witnessed the event were enthusiastic about the neatness and
dispatch with which the blows were delivered, and declared such great in
fighting ha/1 never before occurred between the soup and the fish.
Mrs. Walte and Mrs. Single raet at the table.
"You have been circulating malicious stories about me," said one of the
lady contestants.
"You lie!" said the other lady. Then the first lady struck out with her
lily white hand and smote the other lady. By this time the first lady haB
pulled out a handful of the other lady's hair, the other lady being en
gaged in the expensive pastime of smashing the boarding house china upon
her opponent's head.
It was at this interesting point that the women seated around the ta
bles began to faint and their male relatives, being forced to carry them from
the room, missed the exciting finish.
Neither Mrs. Wolte nor Mrs. Single were to be seen at the Wentworth
yesterday. Mr. Shaw, their landlord, had not the slightest idea where they
could be found, although he was positive they had left his boarding house.
"I sent Mrs. Waite notice through her gentleman friend that I did not
care to have her any longer as a boardtr and she left as soon as my mes
sage was delivered. Mrs. Single came to me and excitedly declared she
would not .remain under the same roof that sheltered Mrs. Waite and gave
me her keys. I made no protest and she also went her way." '••'?;-
The landlord of the Wentworth is ignorant of the details of the fistic
encounter at his dinner table. "All I know." he said, "is that the women
have for some time been gossiping about one another. There was a man
mixed up in it. I understand that matters came to a climax at the din
ner table. The He passed and then Mrs. Waite and Mrs. Single had a 'spat.'
I was not in the dining room at the time and so missed all the fun. That
is all I know about it."
There is only one unsatisfactory end to the interesting event. No one Is
able to state who came out victor. Popular opinion, though. Is in favor of
Mrs. Walte, who has the reputation of never having known a failure. Mrs.
Waite is a well known authoress and lecturer.. She has traveled through
out the United States delivering lectures, her theme being the California
wine industry. In addition to her other honors, Mrs. Waite occupies now
the responsible position of assistant to Varney Gaskill, secretary ;to the
California. Commission of the Paris Exposition.
personal friends. If it could be Judicially
established that Dr. Gardner is prevent
ing a sane man frnrn leaving the asylum
there would be samething on which tobase
a dismissal of th*» superintendent. A
ehort time ago an effort was made to get
Buchanan out of the asylum by means of
habeas corpus in the Superior Court o'
Napa. That court decided that the man
was insane and remanded him to the cus
tody of Dr. Gardner. A few days ago en
other effort was made to secure Buchan
an's release, this time through the Bu
preme Court.
When the rase came up yesterday there
was a great array of legal talent. Rep
resenting the petitioner were Thomas A.
&**ll. District Attorney of Napa County,
whope interest in the matter is not wholly
understood. Henry C. Gesford and E. ll
Webber. The people are represented by
Attorney <"2*r.«-ral Tirey I-. Ford, W. H.
Anderson and E. J. Livernash. The testi
mony was about the fame as that given
in the Napa court. The hearing will go
on again to-day, and if the court should
happen to- decide that the man is not in
sane it is dollars to doughnuts that there
will be a new superintendent appointed
by the Governor to fill Dr. Gardner's coy
eted place.
usual hour yesterday morning and start
ed the fires in the furnace. Wh«n the
other employes came In they found him
in a chair dead. He was married and
resided with his family at 1338 Washing
ton street. • .'-•: '.'•*&;.
Fitting
Trusses
No one need ever expect tnv
relief from an ill-firring truss. A
truss that does not f.t will cot do,
and we never sell a trus3 unless we
are satisfied that it will f.t the wearer.
Expert truss fitters have charge of
our miss room and they f.: evcrv
mtss accurately. Private room ;
men and women attendants.
Elastic Stockings
What we say of trusses holds
equally good about clastic stockings:
they must fit to be effective. Our
skilled fitters know how to measure
the limb to secure a perfect fit.
Experience has taught them exactly
what is necessary in every case. We
guarantee a fit, or money returned.
Free deHvery to railroad points within
100 miie» on oriers of $5 cr up.
JFj^jft 1128 MARKET ST.
lOtmano BROADWAY.o*kuw
three driving Winner. J. S. B<khb^«.U t h£hyJßl»^Oct» f^£«__f rerer*^ TO- a
ri t^^h^^ IU BSS^r°S3 e5e 5. fc SsSii with P__* Z~ M .-„-
Tcptr.ajt. . ; _, -
575. SECOND RACE- Mile and eighth: selling: three-year-olds and upward: purse $400.
576. Third RACE-One mile: selling: three-year-olds and upward: purse $400.upward: purse. $400.
Time— 1 2»H: % *»: *» W: ra l1 *- 1 : *-V Gocyl » txrt - """^ **« i:t - S*c== a and tiirS
Eta
gtein bad no ir*ed.
s?ratchwi— Tarran Y*i. _____
577. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth: Baden Stakes: three-years-olds and upward
value $1200
Tlme-1-16. :^: 5-1?. :»: ?-l*. :-V U-:«. 1:23»*: mile 1:0; 1 1-1!= 1:43. Pt^r ttArt.
Wr, r . t&iUT. Second and third driving. ¦Winner. J. F. Schorr's b. h., by tep. Kantaxa-
the pate half a dozen length*. Zorowter la not "cherry rtpe" T«t. Lc»
Medano« had speed. Morlnel apperently ••off."
Scratched— Topmast 111. Formero HI.
578. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: sellings: three-year-olds and upward: purse $400
-n—,, v -jj. 14 -4^*i • H 1:1s 1 *- Good start. Won easily. &econi and third (JrlTlng.
ic-ir,r,^,.~ I H 'ez^U's eh. g.. by Forwter-Prtßia Donna,
CaVev had acThlr4t to t*a!. Don Quixote wa« In bad B har« when he west to the re«t.
"^^h^ra^achra I™. N>» It- Hi. C»~ar Tonar ?4.
579. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs: four-year-olds and upward: purse $400
4
R. A. KIRKMAN.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
Ir
Horse.
As*
TVr
eig-ht
K»
Prr
JOC*
Jishoo
: 4
ft ?:¦ • » * '-
SI)
ie
¦ -
ti-*
*M?:»i^
K.S
Bi
H
f
*1
j«i
4 1
Kcr*'
*¦
II
|
E3 I!
(557 > »
Slenjr:
4S-> P
sir p
t'lxfcr
r*4 o
In^ex.
I-:
!¦«•?
Ace
We
eUht^St.
*;»
=in.
*=>•
S-.r.
CSCO '
a~-
1 h
3 t
1 *
2»
j 4
4 '. ;
w !.
J. M*
J. .!>•£; -
O A
3 4
in
B
F
U
V.
»> 1
— "i*
5 •
4 2
i
4 (
413
5
s
r. ¦'
¦It.
KT7' 4
« *l
-i
n*
H
¦irnt
Ag.
7.>
ci?:
rht.St.
%m.
Str.
r
r
-to. ;
IBS
i
Vat
i m
1 2
'it
«7
SI
rtent<
.Xlo' 4
.114 5
.103' 7
3 1
JH
6 W
: i
S h
2 **
4 b
2 n
3 h
3h f
4 4 h
r e ti
4
V Mt
Jano
>s.
4
.!•>•> j «
4 H
4 H
IH
S 4
T Lt
, r
orire
is-Jal
I 5...
4...
J h
7 H
3 1
• 2
SS 1 *
I*
I
lios' s
8
I
7 3
6 I
Tbor
InSex.
:. Horse. Ai». "•
\r»;
ght-';st.
H=i-
Ha.
Ha.
Btr.
5Ts.
J:
•»
tTS
ThOB. Carer. >
Ean Aug-jstlse.
Modwer.a. 4—4 —
1....
.. 4.
.. ?:' 7"
..IT* 8
MOM 4
¦'
J H
« 1
1 !
31
5 X
1 5
2 n
3 4
lh.
£ li
£0-3
Leipzig. S
6 H
4 S
431
til
Ponso. 5
Momentum. 5..
William F. J..
..112' «
-.112: 5
.. >l! 9
» 1
lh
1) «
» S
2 h
n «
i h
a
4"»
£14
I>'l«:ta, 4.'.....
.ilOS 1 5
7 2
XI
8 M
Don Quixote. 5
..I'*' »
4 *»
4H
448
£14
St. Isiior. 4....
Th* OiT^rtEff. 4
"1.-< U
..in4'lo
11
8 1
Ir,
adex
r. Hor»». A«e-
l
"Weight. ;St.
«m.
Hm. Km. Str.
FTn.
Jockeys
STJ
4»
iih
EM
4«1
4V>
Fan V>na<st>, 5.
Karri Knot. 4..
Lady MM' son:
Braw Lars. 5..
CharlM Le Bel
RicaMo, a
Ballsta. 4
i «» 5
I-*! 2
n«. 4.. 57 4
1~) 6
1. 5... 1' M I
Mil
10»O 7
3 H
1 1
2 H
4 2
5 h
c a
t
I H 1 l'-i 1 H
II 1 H 2 2
4 4 ID 3 1
5 -t 14 4 19
77 5 2
« J < H « l
535 H 7
11
2 I
3 4
4 4
5 4
« 3
7
I !Bu
I ! Ph>
i !T.
: b£
IX.
r.k!r.s ..
::.:.. an .
s»!in ....
Walsh..
Roas...
aart ....
H;n...
H
¦irnt
Ag.
7.>
ci?:
rht.St.
%m.
Str.
r
r
-to. ;
IBS
i
Vat
i m
1 2
'it
«7
SI
rtent<
.Xlo' 4
.114 5
.103' 7
3 1
JH
6 W
: i
S h
2 **
4 b
2 n
3 h
3h f
4 4 h
r e ti
4
V Mt
Jano
>s.
4
.!•>•> j «
4 H
4 H
IH
S 4
T Lt
, r
orire
is-Jal
I 5...
4...
J h
7 H
3 1
• 2
SS 1 *
I*
I
lios' s
8
I
7 3
6 I
Tbor
Ir
Horse.
As*
TVr
eig-ht
K»
Prr
JOC*
Jishoo
: 4
ft ?:¦ • » * '-
SI)
ie
¦ -
ti-*
*M?:»i^
K.S
Bi
H
f
*1
j«i
4 1
Kcr*'
*¦
II
|
E3 I!
(557 > »
Slenjr:
4S-> P
sir p
t'lxfcr
r*4 o
In^ex.
I-:
!¦«•?
Ace
We
eUht^St.
*;»
=in.
*=>•
S-.r.
CSCO '
a~-
1 h
3 t
1 *
2»
j 4
4 '. ;
w !.
J. M*
J. .!>•£; -
O A
3 4
in
B
F
U
V.
»> 1
— "i*
5 •
4 2
i
4 (
413
5
s
r. ¦'
¦It.
KT7' 4
« *l
-i
n*
InSex.
:. Horse. Ai». "•
\r»;
ght-';st.
H=i-
Ha.
Ha.
Btr.
5Ts.
J:
•»
tTS
ThOB. Carer. >
Ean Aug-jstlse.
Modwer.a. 4—4 —
1....
.. 4.
.. ?:' 7"
..IT* 8
MOM 4
¦'
J H
« 1
1 !
31
5 X
1 5
2 n
3 4
lh.
£ li
£0-3
Leipzig. S
6 H
4 S
431
til
Ponso. 5
Momentum. 5..
William F. J..
..112' «
-.112: 5
.. >l! 9
» 1
lh
1) «
» S
2 h
n «
i h
a
4"»
£14
I>'l«:ta, 4.'.....
.ilOS 1 5
7 2
XI
8 M
Don Quixote. 5
..I'*' »
4 *»
4H
448
£14
St. Isiior. 4....
Th* OiT^rtEff. 4
"1.-< U
..in4'lo
11
8 1
Ir,
adex
r. Hor»». A«e-
l
"Weight. ;St.
«m.
Hm. Km. Str.
FTn.
Jockeys
STJ
4»
iih
EM
4«1
4V>
Fan V>na<st>, 5.
Karri Knot. 4..
Lady MM' son:
Braw Lars. 5..
CharlM Le Bel
RicaMo, a
Ballsta. 4
i «» 5
I-*! 2
n«. 4.. 57 4
1~) 6
1. 5... 1' M I
Mil
10»O 7
3 H
1 1
2 H
4 2
5 h
c a
t
I H 1 l'-i 1 H
II 1 H 2 2
4 4 ID 3 1
5 -t 14 4 19
77 5 2
« J < H « l
535 H 7
11
2 I
3 4
4 4
5 4
« 3
7
I !Bu
I ! Ph>
i !T.
: b£
IX.
r.k!r.s ..
::.:.. an .
s»!in ....
Walsh..
Roas...
aart ....
H;n...22 lbs Granulated Sugar «j
r,O lbs Sack Best Flour 9^
Choice Eastern Ham. per lb " i2u,
2 lbs Citron or Mix Pee! ,=
3 lbs Home-made Mince Meat '.'.'.'.'. 2r>
6 lbs Best French Prunes " 95
3 lbs Best Dried Peachee ."" 2 5
1 lb Fancy Mix <"akes
4 lhs Fancy Dried Apples '" 2 -
I lbs Fancy Dried Flks "" ;j;
Good Tomatoes, per can "" J^
2 doz Best Ranch Eggs .'*•"
1 square Best Rutter _"[ 45
2 doz Cooklnif Ksrgs \\[\
1 square Cooking: Butter '" jT-
1 can Best Table Peaches "' j' s
3 cans B"st Sliced Table Peaches jjj
2 cans Tomatoes or Peas '..'.'. 15
EnKlish Walnuts, per lb ][[[
3 lbs Seedless Raisins " 25
3 cans Best Supar Corn '.'.'.'.'. 25
% box Soda Crackers " A
10 lbs Rolled Oats t>># 25
Best Mix Nuts, per lb 15
NEW YEAR'S LIQUORS.
Beet O. P. S. Whiskey, 8 years old, bottled ex-
pressly for O'Connor Bros., per bottle, 75c
per gallon 12 50
Best Old Crow Whiskey, 8 years old, bottled ex-
pressly for family u*f\ per bottle, 75c: per
Kallon jo 50
Good Old Bourbon Whiskey, 6 years old
50c per bottle
Fine 6-year-old Port or Sherry Wine, per gal-
lon, 90c: per bottle 25c
122-124 NINTH STREET.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 638.
HcMI--«Bi:ltH c MI--«Bi:lt THE STOHF,
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
gfe WSIJIASZITCT.I:et.6Aft?i,C.r.C:I. ,
Ej The Largtit Anatomical Museum in the
World. Weakne«A« or any comractsd t
fStttfJ diie«e pr*Hiwrlj cured t ;y !hr oldeit '
flißpil Specialist rniheCoiiL lvL 3 6ycar* <
ft*®* A OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
Consultation free and strictly prWate.
Trr imient p-ison.iliy or by letter. A | \
Ptx.tive Curt in every caie undertaken. '
Write for Bnok.PH 11. U<ll)l'IIV>l |
MAHRIAKE, MAILED FRKB. '. \\
valuable boo!: for rnrnj
DAJV A CO.. 1051 MnrketHt.,B. F I'
OFFICE
1 illSllf CHURCH
A NEW TEAR'S VAUDEVILLE FEAST.
EVERY ACT A HIT.
F.TLLT P.ICE and 11. VT. FIULLMAN: THE
ROSINOS: DOROTHY DREW; DOUGLAS
AND FORD;
FOUGERE
TIIOP.NE AND CARLETON': LA EYLPHE;
THE AVERTS: AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
R«»ervea Seau, Z~>c. Balcony, 10c.
Opera. Chairs anl Box Peats, SOc.
Matinees VTedacsdlJT. saturi3ar ar.d Punday.
BANKER CHARLES COLE
PLEADS NOT GUILTY
Former President of the Globe Na
tional Bank of Boston Is
Arraigned.
BOSTON. Jan. 4.— Charles H. Cole, for
mer president of the Globe National Bank,
who is charged with misappropriating
funds of that institution, arrived in this
city at 5:15 o'clock to-night from Los An
geles, Cal., in charge of the United States
Marshal. He was at once taken before a
United States Commissioner, waived the
reading of the complaint and pleaded not
guilty and the case v.-as continued until
January 18. Bail was fixed at $30.0 W.
which was furnished and the prisoner was
released.
m
Korea Rejects the Protest.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 4.— A dispatch
from Seoul dated December 12. to the
Xlchi Nlchl of Japan, says the protest of
the Russian Minister against the land pur-
EjjJS-J 1 , 1 as » m Po ma(J e b >- Japanese wan
rh/ £L V he Korean Government an-1
MURDERER ARRESTED
W. H. Brumley, Who Killed Hi*
Partner, in Prison.
BI.TTK. Mont.. Jan. 4— W. H. Brumley
allaa w. H. Hickey. who Is wanted at
Dolores. Lolo.. for killing John South hia
partner ir. the cattle business, is under
arrest hore and will be held for the Colo
rado authorities. It Is said the killing
grew out of a quarrel after a dissolution
of partnership. The prisoner admits ho
is the man wanted and says he killed
South because the Utter broke Into his
house H*> was arrested on a description
furnished from Colorado
Death of a Pioneer
s-peciai Dispatcn to Th<» Call.
ACBURN. Jan. 4.— George W. Threlkel,
a pionoer resident of Placer <'ounty diM
last night at his home on Folsom road
where he had lived continuously since
fc^S^yg^gjp p T g g_^ 0 /*n Thl EAn *
EVERT SttGHT. EXCEPT FUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
JXJrf^^nPrrf There Are but IO M«-e
»~v-» I IT^. Performances:
Llebler anil Ccrapany Present
HAI>L CAINCS Powerful Play. THE
ICext Week— pncixiVF.LY LAST NIGHTS OF
THE CHRISTIAN
Jan. 15— JAMES-KU>r>ER-HANFORr> COM-
BINATION.
CALIFORNIA THEATER &?»
GRASP JT WHEN IT COMES.
TEEREFOKZ IX3:CT MISS THE GREAT
PRODUCTION OF
•WITH FLYING COLORS."
Th« Like of Which Has Never Been Given In
San Franclrco.
E-»ry Erer.'.r.e. Irirludlnp Next Sur.Say Night
cr.i SATrRr>AY MATINEE.
Ojr.TT»er.<-!ne TI'EPDAY Ni«HT. Jan. 9th.
First Time in San Francisco,
The Beautiful Comedy of Manners.
'THE PRINCESS iM) THE BUITEEFLT."
T^buf of BCiM Man- Scott (Mrs. Neville Cast».
In reparation— "THE HEART OF MARY-
LAND."
SEATS ON SALE
FOR THE PEERLESS DIVA,
EMMA NEVADA
iSooA*7 n\fnirg. January ar.4 llatlneee
WeCnesAar Afternoon. Jonuary 10th.
TAILOR=MADE SUITS
Pack Su'.ta f 13.50
Frock Suits 22.A0
Prince Albert Suits £3.<M>
Full Dress Suit* 40.« M»
Overcoats 20.00
I Parts 4.50
JREDUGTION a
lIN HIGH-GRADE Jk,
[garments. /mi\
and vorkmaiifhip— / \<^t J/f-1/ \ I \
I>erfect fit guarar.- :; ai-.V*j' wl \
/? / i 7) t) • ! PH H*]
'fC€lrrft£/77l \ YM\M\
' t:>l-y$ Monteomerr St., ys^""nl»il{J_
: PAN FRANCISCO. "\-=^~/
! 1011 fTashincron St., \ /
I OAKU.N't*. \S
Tlie qu^er "C with .1 Tail" ha? made Ha
¦nay ill ov^r th^ United States, and here
as everyvrbere it promptly Jumped into
popularity.
why?
Hcrause the "C ¦with a Tail" is a romet
cf r.ealth followed by a coma of happiness
and joy. It has ccmo to stay with us and
radiate its benefits In all directions.
The new "C" is part of the trademark
cf Cascarets Candy Cathartic, the ideal
iaxative and guaranteed constipation cure.
Tr.ey make the liver lively, tone up the
bowels, purify the blood, brace the brain.
put everything- right as it should be.
Buy and try Ca-«=carets to-day. It's what
they do. not what we cay theV'n do, that
proves their merit. All druggists. 10c. 25c,
or 50c or mailed for price. Send for book-
let and free sample. Address Sterling
Remedy Co., Chicago; Montreal, Can.; or
New- York.
c Tills is the CASCARET tab-
let. Every tab'et of the only-
genuine Cascarets bears the
maple letters "C C C." Look
at the tablet before you buy,
and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
THE EMPOIiIUII.
THE EMPORIUM.
i The Big Store's January |
j "Clean-Up" J
| Sales. |
% Many New Items Added. j
s = s
i \v ./tv ladies' Neckwear "Clean-Up" 5
*• v 4 ' \ //ri!J\\ ~^ a^*P" ce to-day, and while the lot lasts, for a large 5
fc * l^^M^^'^Hk collection of Scarfq . Jabots, Stock Collars, Silk Fronts, etc. *
ft* H^||i fit^Witvul — o(^ 3 an( * en<^ 3 rom 'k' s season's selling— some of them jf
!J? /v^«S> not man y) a tr 'fl e soiled «" displays— more than 30 differ-
|B? kwl r j^t ent styles — all now at 'it
j & /?V fffir^ //a// Regu'ar Prices. i
!*' MsA W-\ 48c English Silk Scarfs for 24-C %
'*' I&fr''Z£*.{£/l l&Sl &S ' 85c Fancy Stock Collars for 42«0 ""*
£ $1.25 Fancy Jabots for 62iC '2
jf «^<t>uw**'- 52.25 Persian Silk Jabots for $1,12: %
% - ?2.00 Fancy Jabots for $1. QQ $1.50 Fancy Stocks for 7Bc J»
* $1.00 Fancy Jabots for SOc $1.00 Silk Scarfs for 800 'J
$ ========== i
£ Damaged Crockery "Clean-Up"- jf^a £
t,* Accidents happen every day in a big crockery store. \^^^ (^^W\ •*
Jk* Articles get chipped, sometimes cracked, injuries that ]/"a BJil\. §) {J
R hurt their looks, but do not always impair their useful- • 1 /aSrCleVjEy %
| $ ness. Another large lot of damaged Crockery. G/j«- «J /fW^^F^jll X
j fc* icare, Bisque Figures, Ornaments, Vases, Bohemian "fj \ /LXf+j^ 1 -^ *
'j* Glass-xare and decorated China has accumulated here" -j^^^-^ff^^o^y^ r J
.H and goes on sale Friday, and Saturday if quantity last*, a: £±.~. '. •^y^jfay^S^N Jf
| One-third to Two-thirds Off m^^fs) ;!
I £ Regular Prices. *
s = |
£' ,-C;i fT^, Men's $20. 00 Suits for $15.00— %
J» S<7\. *" or r '^ av an< * Saturday only, your choice of any
I*£ X^^vVm^J^A * 20 -C° sack sust ia our stoclc at onctjuarter
¦»T /p * I /I j f l\ off. The assortment embraces handsome bine and Jf
Ift \ Vti / // I \ flC^ cloth 3 and fancy merchant tailor mixtures, in- J*
fc* V|> *J / / uL p] eliding new stripe 3 in worsteds, cheviots, ca33imerea, j{
X IV 5 \fl\ \ J vicunas, serges, etc., etc. For .%
£• two days only any of the->e stvl- &1 Cri 87} ffT} °5
l i n\f/M\\ >^ suits for. ;„. <5> #*#•€#•# .;
| (41 7 == j
J X,I V \\ Boys' $7.50 Suits for $B. 63 -For -*
ti \j I j \ j Friday and Saturday only, your choice of any $7.50 'j€
B,* | 1 j \ I long-pants suits for boys 14 to 19 years of age that J
X I 111 we aye " n stoc^ at one- quarter* offm The «5
X I | iU assortment includes every popular winter fabric, and %
If I 1 our tw °-^ a 7 on?er means that in- X
£ \) UV. J^r^ stead of the usual $7.50 for a sruit &CZ 4?O -J
1a» l^-^j^-etr^*- you only have to pay *ff%Jm%J%9 j«
I ' ' 1
\\ Cloak Dep't " Clean- Up "—Every earment in stock J
j »>* reduced in price — finest goods cut deepest. As examples of how we are cleaning X
£» out this season's garments, read these prices : *?
jB? W. 50 Capes for S4.!>.* j J27.50 Dresses f0r.... »1T».7.% | X.no Sacques for »«« °2
If $20.00 Capes for *11..-.o $25.t-0 Skirts for fI4J«» $3.w Wool Waists for.»l.«» «
.. IS.oO Jackets for... *4.1>5 j $6.(i0 Skirts for s:t.ur, $S.OO Silk Waists f0r..«4,!*5 "2
J. $16.50 Jacket: for... !?!».-».% $I.M Bla<-k Under- ' $1.00 Flan n p I c tte 5
", Jl.Ou Wrappers for. «»«• skirts for «M>c ! Waists fur SOc '3
» $15.00 Dresses f0r.... f » .05 I $1.50 Wrappers fur.... OSc ! <J
% The Silk "Clean-Up"— Hifijh-Krade Novelty Silks, new :J: J
ti stylish colorings in several handsome weaves— Silks that are worth regn- AA A jt
£, larly $1.2. r > to .$2.50 the yard -for balance of week, if quantity lasts... mjJmC •*
I ========== : 5
* January Carpet "Clean- Up"— These are not old-fash- $
& ioned, undesirable Carpets, but new, beautifully patterned goods of $
v worthy qualities — in some instances too much on hand, in other .«
V cases too little — hence prices like the.se — '5
*L Brussels Carpets, per}-ard 40cBodv Brussels, peryard BSo •'
%*% * Velvet Carpet3,per yard 730 Axminater Carpet?," per yard ..95c %
ti All-wool Ingrains, per yard SOc '%
| Jf S
J January Furniture "Clean-Up"— Here are four items J
ti from the small lots that we are clearing out at reduced prices — M
i|. Hat Rack, Golden Oak, French-Plate Mirror, for! $6.73 «
£ Sideboard, large size, with heavy mirror, regularly $25, for $21m7S \
X Dining Chair, solid oak, braced back, cane seat, for 95c •*
J Bedroom Suit, 7 piece?, French-Plate Mirror, regularly $25, for $19 75 "5
f ' 5
j Grocery and Liquor Specials. \
ti Cedar Run Wftis ey, on special Best Family Hour, The Empo- M
* sale all this week, per gallon...si?»oo rinm brand, guaranteed to please or •*
J. Table Glare t, a good sound wine, money refunded, special per sack Fri- "2
ft- per gallon 3Qo day and Saturday 780 %
J Port or Sherry Wine, reeu- Blackberries, good quality, 25-ib 3»
k » larly 75c, per gallon 850 tins, while quantity on hand lasts, for "J
ti Babbitt's best Soap, special .". 25c «
X all this week, 30 bars for $1.00 "" %
& j»
*; Music @P5- - - Jt**? ** Photo's *
J» Here as soon *^ *»OM^l^«HCMle BaTftar. *i ? wt , h _?,„., •*
J as issued. CAUFORNIAS LARQEST-A.nERICAS ORANDEST STORE. fO r 2^; *
ALLEGED FRAUD
IN LEGISLATURE
Additional Excitement
in Kentucky.
?
CLERK LEIGH IS ACCUSED
•
TBOUBLE OVEB SELECTION OF
COMMITTEES.
Bepresentative Haswell Charges That
in Selecting Names by Lot
Democrats Were
Favored.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jan. 4.— The Joint
legislative committees which sit in the
contests for Governor and Lieutenant
Governor were drawn by lot as pro
vided by law to-day. A lucky star pre
sided over the destinies of the Democrats,
as the drawing resulted in giving them
ten out of the eleven members of the
committee on the Governor's contest and
nine out of eleven on the Lieutenant Gov
ernor's contest. The committee to hear
the Governorship contests is as follows:
Senators Frazier, Allen and Crenshaw
and Representatives Hickman, Berry,
Finn, Rennick, Sledge, Lyon and Barton,
all Democrats, and Yarberry, Republican.
In the Lieutenant Governor's contest
the names drawn were Senators Harrell,
Coleman and Watson and Representa
tives Crawford, Alexander, Balrd, Bell,
Holland and Sharp, Democrats, and Rep
sentatives Reed and Lilly, Republicans.
The House members of these two com
mittees were sworn in to-night, and it is
probable that the joint committees will
organize and get down to work taking
evidence to-morrow.
In the drawing over the formation of
the legislative contested elections com
mittees the result was somewhat more
evenly divided. In the case of the two
Senatorial contests the Republicans got
only one member out of nine on each
committee, but in the House they got
majorities in ten out of the eighteen com
mittees which try contests. The Senate
completed its drawing at the morning ses
sion and the only incident connected with
it was when Senator Howard (.R.) ob
jected to Senator Goebel's name being
placed in the box. Senator Goebel rose
Irom his seat and said:
"Under the law the names of all Sen
ators present must be placed in the box,
but I beg to assure the Senator that if
ray name should be drawn out I of course
will not nerve."
The House was occupied until late in
the evening with the drawing of the legis
lative committees and there was nothing
noteworthy in the proceedings until after
the Governorship committee had been
announced and just before the drawing
for the committee on the Lieutenant
Governor's contest. Representative Has
well, leader of the Republican minority,
charged Chief Clerk Ed O. Leigh with
manipulating the ballots so as to give the
Democrats the advantage. Haswell and
Representative Berry, representing the
Republicans, stood at the clerk's desk as
the names of the members were placed in
the box and when the last name was
placed in it Haswell walked to his seat
and addressed the House, charging that
Leigh had in placing the names in the
box systematically thrown the names of
the Democratic members on the right
side of the box and likewise had thrown
the names of the Republicans to the left.
He said he did not know how It hap
pened that the Democrats got such a
majority on the Governor's contest com
mittee, drawn a few minutes before, but
he did know how the ballots had been put
In the box for the drawing now on and
he asked that the clerk at least be re
quired to shake the box thoroughly so
as to mix the names as contemplated by
law.
. Speaker Trimble Invited Haswell or any
other member to shake the box, but they
declined to do this, saying this was the
duty of the clerk. Mr. B«rry (R.) asked
the Speaker to allow members to inspect
the box in order to verify the charges
made by him and Haswell, mentioning the
alleged manner in which the names had
been placed In the box, but Mr. Cantrill
ID.) said that the charges made by Has
well and Berry were serious and that as
long as they had waited until the draw
ing was practically complete he thought
they should be compelled to file them in
the proper way and not merely verbally
and personally as they were doing.
Speaker Trimble finally ordered the box
thoroughly shaken, and this was done
with the result that six Democrats and
two Republican names were drawn out.
Trunks, valises and pocket-books our
specialties. All leather goods lettered In
fold fre© of charge when bought from
anborn, Vail & Co. •
Governor Crane Inaugurated.
BOSTON, Jan. 4.— W. Murray Crane was
to-day Inaugurated as Governor of Massa
chusetts. At the same tlmo the other
CONCE2TS AND BESOE.TS.
CHUTES AND Zoo.£n££T"
MAJOR MITE. MAJOft MITE
The Smallest Actor on Earth,
ELLA BURI . Coasting tbe Chutes.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW,
EPECIAL TO-MORROW (Saturday) Nljht.
The fiercest and liveliest reund« of the Cor-
bm-Fitrrlmmoni! and Jefrrieß-FltMimniOM
Scfcta. Pbose tar 6eats— Park 23.
Counterfeiters' Tools Found.
Special Dispatih to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 4.— Constable
George Apnew and Deputy Fish Commis
sioner Alfonso Miller added laurels to
their reputations as Chinese chasers by
the discovery yesterday of a collection
of counterfeiters' tools, which may prove
a very important clew to the source of
the false money which has been Impar
tially distributed over the county of late.
The officers were on their way from
Reeds Station to California City when
the find was made. The molds, six in
number, lay over an overhanging ledge
of rocks and did not show trace of recent
uso. It is surmised that a mysterious
stranger, who attracted some notice in
Tiburon a short time ago. is the man
by whom they were used. No other clew
is obtainable and no satisfactory expla
nation of their location has been pro
posed.
THANKS FOR BOTH.
Sampson and Schley Included in a
Joint Resolution.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.—Representa
tive Blngham of Pennsylvania to-day In
troduced the following: joint resolution:
"Resolved, etc.. That the thanks of the
Congress are hereby tendered to Rear
Admiral William T. Sampson and Com
modore Wlnfleld Scott Schley and the
officers and men under them for the de
struction of the Spanish ' fleet at San
lla * 0 -" .
Failed for Half a Million.
SALT LAKE, Jan. 4.— W. J. Stephens of
Ogden filed a petition in voluntary bank
ruptcy to-day. As set forth his liabili
ties amount to J555.552. while he claims
exemption of $20 worth of property, which
is the sum of his assets. David Kay of
Sacramento is among his creditors for
$3028. .-_
j Spend Your Spare Time
c In reading this little book, which r<^^§>.
• 1 will send free to any address .^^^^ >^^ii^^s.
§ upon request. It is interesting ' ,r*^
• and instructive, and no home is E55 r*)(fl3j
• complete without it. It tells n(O%
• how by the application of elec- gjgs \rZj£<*(£
g tricity through my /ifl*fi\ — ' J^(^^
1 Dr.Sanden Electric Belt;(M;Hivf r
• 1 can cure the worst cases of v f ::;:::;:: /
J Rheumaiism, Lumbago, Sciatica, "V ! *^&s^°/z
• Varicocele and Seminal Weak- \^\ SSjSh- /z^'
J ness, without that burning sen- \\\
% sation which is so objectionable ' "^r—^^"^
® in other belts of a cheaper quality.
% Call at my office if it is convenient, and 1 will explain the
• Belt to you, or, if you cannot call, send for the above book. Con-
g sultation and advice free. Office hours, gto 6; Sundays, io to I.
•DR T A SANHFN 'is third street.
© 119% Soath Bjrlag Btr-«t, Lot Angslts, Cal.; Rassal Builiiag. Ftrtliai, 0;.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THE DEMAND AS BIG AS EVER
Vnr the Ho'.iday Extravaganza,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
Every Evenir.E aid Saturday Matlne«.
THE GREATEST SHOW IN f FRISCO!t
Just the Play for the Children.
— SEATS SELLING ONE WEEK AHEAD —
POPULAR PRICES- 25c and 60c
Telej-hone Bush 9.
Next Production— "THE IDOIVS EYE."
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATIXEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
I..AST THREE NIGHTS
Of the Only Funmaker in Town.
CHIMMIE
FADDEN.
Standing Room at All Performances.
SECURE SEATS EARLT IN ADVANCE.
MATINEE PRICES 15c. 25c, 85c
NIGHT PRICES 80c. 25c. 25c, 15c
Next Week— "Mysterious Mr. Bogle."
Wfiamrfra-
THE PEOPLE S POPULAR PLAYHOUSE.
Kddy md Jones Sts. PSONfi. 80DTB 770.
A VERY JOYOUS EVENT.
TO-NIOHTI
MATINEE SATURDAY. LAST TIME SAT-
URDAY NIGHT.
THE ORIGINALS,
MURRAY AND MACK,
In Their Hilarious Fare*,
FINNIGAN'S BALL!
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening— lsc. 25c. 23c. BOc and 75c.
Matinee— lsc. 25c. 35c and 50c.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON— THE RENTZ-
EANTLEY NOVELTY COMPANY.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
PLAYING TO CAPACITY.
MATINEE TO-VORROW.
A FITTING HOLIDAY ENTERTAINMENT
FOR LADIES AND CHILDREN.
AT g O'CLOCK SHARP.
....SINBAD....
EVERYTHING UP TO DATE.
NEW SONGS. NEW JOKES. NEW SPECIAL-
TIES.
RAN JOPE NIGHT. SATURDAY EVENING
NEXT.
APPROPRIATE SONGS AND WITTICISMS.
PRICE? 25c. 50c, 75c.
GALLERIES 10c and 15c.
SATURDAY MATINEE :5c and GOc.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
LAST RECITAL.
SHSBJIAN, CLAY S CO.'S HALL.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON at 3:15
VLADIMIR DE
7
The World's Greatest Chopin Interpreter.
Seat« $2 00. Si GO and $1 00, on sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'«.
COMPLETE CHOPIN PROGRAMMES.
STEINWAV PIANO USED.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. 1-JO. ISOO. Inclusive.
Six high-cls*s running races every week-day,
rain or thine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons etep directly from the railroad cars into
a superb grand etand. glass-enclosed, where
comfortably housed in bad weather they can
enjoy »n ui:obstruetea view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15. 12:35, 12:60
and l:2o p. m.. returning immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Rear cars reserved
for women and their escorts. No smoking.
Valencia street 10 minutes later.
San Jose and way stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 o. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:(5 p. m.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn, Including; admiision to track, Jl 25.
«»-»«- y* J - MARTIN. President
T, H. GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
AWERTISEMENTS.
BLOODY COMBAT OF
YOUTHS IN A BARN
Quarreled Over Leadership of the
"Gang" and Settled Difficulties
With Their Fists.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 4.— Stripped to the
waist and covered with blood, Joseph
Reilly of "mascot" notoriety and Harry
Roberts, two tough youths of this place,
fought fifteen rounds yesterday after
noon, which, in point of savagery and
slugging, would have delighted the most
enthusiastic disciple of old-time John L.
pugilism.
The boys have been the terror of peace
able citizens for some time past. They
are the leaders of a collection of toughs
known as the "broad gauge gang," who
are suspected by the authorities of being
engaged In more than one window-break
ing escapade.
Two days ago a dispute arose over the
leadership of the band, and the two boys,
egged on by their followers, determined
to settle the difficulty with revolvers.
These weapons not being obtainable, fists
were selected as being the handiest.
"Greek" Martin, so called from his
Olympian tendencies, acted as referee
and timekeeper, and twenty young raga
muffins filled the barn where the diffi
culty was settled amid yells of delight.
Fifteen rounds were fought. Roberts
being terribly punished, but staggering
plucklly up at each call of time. In the
fifteenth round Reilly struck his oppo
nent a blow that broke his wrist, and
sobbing Roberts was conveyed home. The
boy's parents called in Dr. Wickman, who
soon set the Injured member. Constable
Agnew was notilied and hastened to the
scene, but owing to the tardiness of his
information arrived too late.
The affair has created a good deal of
unfavorable comment, and the parents of
Roberts will probably see k to have the
Reilly boy put under control.
PIONEERS PASS AWAY.
Death of Three of Marin County's
Prominent Residents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 4.— The pioneers of
this county are fast dying out. Within
three days three of these sturdy path
finders, whose combined ages would span
over two centuries, have set out for the
undiscovered country. William H. East
man of Corte Madera died on Tuesday
night, at the age of 84. He was one of
the oldest residents of Marin County, and
leaves a widow and daughter to mourn
him. At the time of his death he was a
member of the Corte Madera School
Board.
James Mulhern had reached the ripe
age of 72 at the time of his death, which
occurred last night. The deceased was a
prominent land owner of Ross Valley
and well known for hid powers of endu
rance and general vigor.
Thomas Wosser, who died at midnight
yesterday, was one of the builders of
Sausalito. and his figure will be much
missed In the town affairs. His years
numbered 71 when death called He
leaves a widow and large family.
-?
Emma Nevada as a California Girl.
Much has been published about the
vocal successes of Emma Nevada, but
very little has appeared regarding her
early home life or her charming per
sonality. She is a California girl, and
therefore doubly interesting to Callfor
nians. Next Sunday's Call will contain
a most interesting article, with remin
iscences by those who know her inti
mately.
AMUSEMENTS
COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDONAX-D,
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE. Sl3 FOLSOM ST.
ACCOMPLICES OF
CARTER ON TRIAL
Progress of the Case at
New York. .
Special Dispatch to Tne Call
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— The examination
of the removal proceeding in the case of
William Green and the three Messrs. Gay
nor. indicted in Savannah, Ga,, for frauds
in connection with the Savannah harbor
and Cumberland Sound lmprovemtnts, in
charge of former Captain O. M. Carter,
was continued to-day before United States
Commissioner Shields. Abram J. Rose of
counsel for the accused contractors first
accepted the amended complaint and then
moved for the discharge of the accused
contractors. He conceded that his clients
were the persons charged in the Savannah
indictment, but he contended that that
paper did not prove probable cause, which
was the only other issue that could here
be raised in behalf of the prisoners. He
also argued that an indictment under the
existing statutes could not be considered
a court proceeding. He further said that
Captain Gillette, who testified yesterday,
had not and could not testify to the il
legal acts alleged to have been committed
by the contractors prior to July 20, IS9T,
when he took charge of the Savannah dis
trict.
Commissioner Shields overruled Mr.
Rose's motion and said that he did not
think that he had the right to certify to
the point raised, so that Mr. Rose could
present them to Judge Brown of the
United States District Court, and an
opinion be obtained. Mr. Rose said that
his witnesses at present were in other
States, and he asKed for a two weeks'
adjournment so as to get his witnesses
and the necessary papers. The Assistant
District Attorney said that Mr. Rose was
simply fighting for time, so that, as far
as the charge of conspiracy is concerned.
It will be outlawed by the statute of limi
tations.
United States District Attorney Irwln
of Savannah also opposed further delay,
because Mr. Rose had not suggested the
line of evidence he proposed to introduce
In behalf of his clients. He further stated
that under the statute of limitations the
conspiracy charge would expire by July
of this year.
Commissioner Shields said the defend
ants were entitled to adjournment and by
agreement of all the counsel interested
the case was continued until January 16.
In the meantime the arguments on the
appeal of former Captain Carter will have
been made by Mr. Rose and Mr. Burnett
in the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals in this city.
PREPARING FOR THE
FRUIT GROWERS' MEETING
From Reports Received the Commit
tee Is Certain an Organization
Will Be Formed.
fcpectal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4.— The Fruit Growers'
Convention, which will meet here on Jan
uary 15 for the purpose of effecting the
organization of the green and dried fruit
men. promises to be the most important
meeting of horticulturists ever held. The
committee in charge of arrangements for
the meeting has received reports from va
rious sections of the State, which war
rants the belief that at least 500 delegates
will be present. It is almost certain that
organization will be had under the legis
lative act of 1595, providing for co-opera
tive organizations without capitalization.
The dried fruit men are especially active
and at various meetings held throughout
the valley they are unanimously in favor
of organization. The same enthusiasm pre
vails in other dried fruit sections.
It is proposed to form separate organiza
tions for the green and dried fruit men.
The former will meet in Hale's Hall and
the dried fruit men in the Unitarian
church. Prominent growers from both
branches are to be present, and it is pro
posed to have the organization in work-
Ing order to handle next year's crops.
Stockholders Sued.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4.— Another batch of
suits against the stockholders of the In
solvent Union Savings Bank were filed in
Justice Wallace's court to-day by Attor
ney Welch, who represents the depositors
About $150,000 is sued for. There were nine
teen suits filed, in which there are over
150 defendants. The suits are for the pro
rata amount the stockholders are liable
to the depositor? on bank accounts. Ac
tion is brought in the Justice Court be
cause the amount sued for In each case Is
less than $300.
«
Suits Dismissed.
MARYSVILLE, Jan. 4.-All suits which
had been commenced against the Super
visors, County Auditor and Treasurer by
order of the Grand Jury of 1898 were to
day dismissed by the District Attorney
under recommendations made by the
Grand Jury Just adjourned. In dismissing
the suits Superior Judge Davis remarked
that he was of the opinion that the course
of the District Attorney In the matter was
proper.
State officers-elect took the oath of office.
Governor Crane's address was devoted
wholly to the matters of State Interest.
PIONEER OF SOUTHERN
OREGON PASSES AWAY
Jacob Wagner, Former State Sen
ator, Dies at His Home in
Ashland.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ASHLAND, Or.. Jan. 4.— Jacob Wagner.
a widely known pioneer of Southern Ore
gon, died at his home here at an early
hour this morning, aged 79 years. He
journeyed across the plains In ISSO to
Oregon. The following year he went to
Slskiyou County, California, and engaged
in mining.
Returning to this county he settled on
a farm. He was a volunteer during the
Rogue River Indian wars and narrowly
escaped death at the hands of treacherous
Indians. He was at one time owner of
the Ashland Flouring Mills, the first and
for a long time the only mill in the county.
In ISG2 he served one term as State Sena
tor in the Oregon Legislature from this
county and was present at- the special
session called to ratify the fourteenth
amendment to the constitution of the
United States. He also served as County
Commissioner. Deceased was a man with
a high sense of honor and justice and as
a citizen, neighbor and friend he leaves
his record as a rich legacy to be cherished
by his children.
A widow and five children survive him.
A daughter. Mrs. W. H. Leeds, is the
wife of the State Printer of Oregon, and
a son, F. D. Wagner, Is editor of the
Ashland Tidings.
WANT AMENDMENT
TO THE CONSTITUTION
University Farmers' Club Favors
Election of Senators by Pop
ular Vote.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PASADENA, Jan. 4.— The University
Farmers' Club convention of Southern
California -closed to-day with a visit to
Mount Lowe. There were 140 delegates
present from forty-six localities in the
State. The attempt made by the Cali
fornia Cultivator to be the official organ
despite the recommendation of the com
mittee was frustrated to-day by speeches
made by Heintz of the Rural Californian
and Hartrant of the Fruit World. It was
decided to show no favor to special pub
lications.
Resolutions were passed protesting
against the arbitrary action of the South
ern Pacific and Southern California rail
ways as to routing cars and memorializing
Senator Perkins and Congressman Waters
in favor of amending the constitution of
the United States so as to permit a popu
lar vote for Senators.
MISFORTUNES OF MRS. GROSS.
Loses Her Husband and Son Within
a Month.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 4.— Mrs. C.
Gross, widow of the late Cornelius Gross,
a well-known citizen who died one month
ago to-day, received a telegram this
morning that her son was killed near
Knoxville, Napa County. The young man
worked in the Manhattan quicksilver
mines there. The accident is supposed to
have been caused by an explosion. Gross
was 30 years of age, unmarried and the
main support of his mother. A sister Is
lying critically ill with typhoid fever. The
remains are expected on Saturday even
ing's train.
leprosy presented himself, would not the
House have power to keep him out?"
Mr. Schroeder said Roberts had ad
mitted his relationship with his plural
wives. He had publicly said he would be
' if he would give up his wives." This
was an offense against public morals
as against the law, and Mr. Roberts
should be excluded from a seat.
At this point a recess was taken until
2 o clock.
Tiiu afternoon hearing was enlivened
when Senator Rawlins of Utah was
drawn into a discussion of polygamy. Mr.
Schroeder had continued his argument,
when Mr. Rawlins interrupted to correct
the detail as to when certain statements
were given before a Congressional ecrtn
mittee relative to polygamy. Chairman
Javier thereupon asked Mr. Rawlins, who
was one- a delegate from Utah, if it was
not understood at the time the State was
admittfd that polygamy was at an end.
"It was my understanding," said Mr.
Rawlins. "that the solemnization of
polygamous marriages was interdicted by
the Mormon church, and this would have
a salutary effect in terminating the prac
tice. But I did not hold out to Congress
that family relations already established
would be broken up."
Mr. Tayler asked if it was expected that
the law against polygamy would be vio
lated.
Rawlins answered that it was thought
there might be sporadic cases, but as n
general system polygamous relations
would gradually terminate. "Do you
think," continued Tayler, "that Utah
would have been admitted if it had been
understood that in a few years she would
send to Congress a man maintaining po
lygamous relations?"
Rawlins said he did not think Congress
believed the practice of polygamy would
be continued. The course of events in
recent years had clearly shown that the
practice would end in time.
"Did you not believe and state at the
time," asked Tayler, "that the polyga
mous system was dead and burled?"
Rawlins did not recall such statements.
Tayler read from the speeches of Raw
lins of those days to the effect that while
polygamy had only extEted, the world
was progressing and that the discussion
was becoming "ancient history."
Roberts here asked to- put a question
to Senator Rawlins, and asked: "I will
ask the Senator if he thinks Congress un
derstood at the time Utah was admitted
that the President of the United States
would appoint in Federal offices in the
State of Utah men practicing polygamy?"
There v.-as some question as to whether
Rawlins should answer the question. He
finally proceeded, saying that for years
polygamy had prevniled in Utah. Under
It many people had established strong
conjugal relations and ties. But the
proclamation of the Mormon church for
bidding further polygamous marriages
had given general satisfaction, and it was
commonly accepted that the practice
would come to an end. Schroeder con
cluded his argument as to the historical
aspect of polygamy and the law In the
case.
Mrs. J. Ellen Foster addressed the com
mittee in behalf of the great number of
women Interested In the case and who
were not represented before the commit
tee. She spoke vigorously, dealing with
the Roberts case and the general moral
interests it Involved. This concluded the
day's proceedings and the committee ad
journed until 10:30 o'clock.
ROBERTS CASE
IS REOPENED
Sessions of Committee
Resumed.
ARGUMENTS ARE OFFERED
DEFENDANT WILL CLOSE IN
HIS OWN BEHALF.
I>eclares He Will Show That Wit
nesses Who Appeared Against
Him Are Entirely Un
reliable.
WASHINGTON', Jan. 4.— The Roberts
investigating committee resumed its ses
sions to-day for the purpose of hearing
arguments and bringing the inquiry to an
early conclusion. It was expected that
ex-Secretary John G. Carlisle would be
present to sum up the case against Mr.
Roberts, and that Mr. Roberts personally
would make the argument in his own be
half. Word came from Mr. Carlisle, how
ever, that he had not understood his per
sonal presence was desired, but he was
ready to submit written arguments on any
of the questions Involved.
Chairman Tayler stated that the state
ment of a witness absent in Utah had
been received, but as Mr. Roberts declined
to admit It in an Informal manner the
matter would have to be taken up later.
Mr. Roberts said he wished to present
matter tending to show the untrustwor
thlness of witnesses appearing against
him. It included a published card signed
by Thomas J. Brandon, disclaiming hav
ing given out certain information relative
to Roberta; also court records, in which
Roy Brandon was a party. Mr. Roberts
also offered a telegram from the proprie
tors of the Salt Lake Herald, concerning
the testimony of Mr. McDaniels. Tayler
excluded the telegram, however, saying
there was no color of right or propriety
In receiving a telegram as testimony, in
view of Mr. Roberts' refusal to admit the
statement of the absent I." tab. witnesses.
Mr. Schroeder, head of the Gentile dele
gation here to oppose Roberts, then
opened the argument against Roberts.
The argument \wls largely technical and
was divided under three heads, viz.: First,
whether or not the member-elect has the
constitutional qualifications, including cit
izenship; second, whether or not the con
stitutional provisions as to citizenship in
clude one who has impaired hfs citizenship
by crime or unlawful status, and whether
Mr. Huberts haf t-o impaired his citizen
ship; third, whether a member-elect has
the statutory qualifications, and whether
the House has the power to establish
qualifications beyond those in the consti
tution.
Mr. Schroeder read from many law
bouks concerning these propositions.
"The evidence clearly shows," proceeded
Mr. Schroeder, "that since ISSO Mr.
Roberts has been in the status of a
polygamist. and the question is as to the
effect of this status."
He Raid that while Utah was a Terri
tory there was no doubt of Roberts' dls
frahchisement under the Edmunds-
Tucker act. And when Utah was ad
mitted to Statehood. Mr. Schroeder con
tended. Mr. Roberts' citizenship was
etlll impaired. The status of polygamy
was such that Roberts could not relieve
himself from it without some affirmative
act. As to the right of the House to ex
clude, Mr. Schroeder said: "Suppose a
raving maniac should present himself at
the bar of the House and ask admission,
on proper credentials, could not the
House. In self-protection, deny him ad
mission? Suppose a man afflicted with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C WITH A TAIL!
Every One Has Noticed the
New **C" in Town.
It Has Come to Stay W!tt> Us Forever.
Health Follows in Its Trail— A Wel-
come Awaits It Everywhere.
Not fo lor.p ago ererybofly's ourlns'.ty
¦was= aroused by the appearance in town of
G now •¦<*¦¦
It looks like this:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
DR. JOB
lA/. X. HESS,
KCTA.KY rCIiLtC AKi) ATToHNEY-A-f-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015 Ciaus fpreeke'.s Bld£.
Telepjnne Brawn S3l.
Residence, iZI California tt., below Powell,
San Frsnciseo.
5Injured by a Runaway.
J. B. Graham. 333 Halßht street, wasj
knocked down yesterday afternoon by %
runaway team at Taylor and Geary?
streets. He was taken to the Recelvir.*
Hospital, where it was found that hl3 left
shoulder blade was fractured.
Paris is in great luck to have a year of such wide
spread prosperity for her exposition, as it is probable
more people will be able to make an extensive holi
day trip this summer than ever before in the history
of the world.
The United States, having demonstrated its right to
the title, "First in war," is about to be conceded
"First in peace." Most of the nations on earth are
clamoring for American intervention in the war in
South Africa.
All doubt as to the presence of the Americans with
the Boers has been dispelled. No one but a citizen
of this land of the free would have heliographed that
derisive "Rats!" to the British at Frere camp.
It looks as if Buller had decided not to make any
further advance in the war until he has made up his
mind whether he is fighting in the nineteenth or the
twentieth century.
It is a striking proof of how completely Tom Reed
has become obscure that not a single newspaper in
terviewer has thought it worth while to ask his ruling
on the century question.
If Congressmen are not willing to pass an immigra
tion restriction bill at this session they. might at least
debate the issue and let the people know how to vote
at the elections this fall.
During the course of a recent lecture President
Wheeler of Berkeley said he believed most politicians
were honest. It is needless to remark he is a stranger
to San Francisco.
The heavy rains have made the ground too wet for
cultivation, and the feelings of the farmers are being
harrowed because their fields cannot be plowed
HOTEL DEL CO RON A DO— Take advantasr*.
of th«t round-trip tickets. Now only fSH bjji
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at ho*)
tel: longer stay. J3 00 per day. Apply at 4 Ne-^i
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
ASSURANCES OF PROSPERITY.
\ 7 ITU tne rams of the new year come renewed
\A/ asfjranccs of good crops. From all parts of
the State reports are sent in of a sanguine feel
ing notable among all classes of people. It is not the
farmer only who is' animated by it. Bankers and
merchants and manufacturers share the hopes excited
by the prospects of coming good, snd accordingly
there is cheerfulness in even- line of industry.
The rains of the season have now sufficed to satisfy
the absorbing power of the soil, and the streams are
beginning to fill up and flow with strong currents.
In some localities there has been something of a tor
rential flow already noted, but no fear is felt of dan
gerous floods. The swift rushing away of the water
will have the effect of reminding intelligent men once
more of the importance of devising a comprehensive
system of storing flood' waters, and to that extent
will serve a good purpose as a valuable object lesson
in a problem which concerns the welfare of the whole
From Santa Clara the reports announce that the
creeks are booming, but no danger is anticipated, as
precautions against floods have been taken in the
past. The dispatches add: "The ground now is thor
oughly soaked and there is general jubilation among
farmers and business men. The prospects for a pros
perous year were never more encouraging. Tree
planting will be far in excess of last year, the dealers
reporting unusually heavy yales. Many building im
provements are in contemplation, the banks have so
much money that they are refusing savings deposits,
and the merchants are doing a remarkable business
for this time of the year."
Similar reports come from other sections. From
Fresno comes the statement: "Agricultural prospects
have never been more promising. The rain has soake<i
well into the ground and is doing nothing but good."
Statements from San Joaquin are to the effect that th;
gops are expected to be the heaviest in years, while
from Monterey, where the farmers in some sections
have had such bad seasons in the past, comes the
checiing announcement: "In the southern portion of
the county, where it was most essential that rain
should fall within a short time or else do great dam
age to growing crops, there has been nearly an inch.
The early rains in the south induced the farmers there,
to put in a large acreage to grain, further rains caused
the grain to sprout, but for the last two weeks warm
winds retarded the growth considerably and crops
were in danger. The present storm insures the crops
of Monterey County."
Out of these assurances of prosperity there will
come of course a new spirit of enterprise among »he
people, and the year will doubtless prove one of the
mo?t notable in our industrial history. In the mean
time the lesson of the season should not be lost. If
we had a good system of storing flood waters which
arc now running to waste the copious rains would
assure us pood crops not for one season only, but for
another, even should it prove to be a dry year.
Pyrography outfits, skins and a preafi
number of new things in wood and leathe*
for burning. Artists' material department*
Sanborn, vail & Co., 741 Market street.*'
Townsend's moved to 735 Market street*
"Will remove Feb. 1 back to Palace HoteL*
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but
presents them for whatever valu» they may
. have as communications of general Interest.
Editor The Call: The undersigned, with
a heart overflowing with emotion, desires
to return his profound thanks to the Hon.
James Duval Phelan, the Mayor of this
city, for following the suggestions made
by him in The Call's Issue of December
29 last and picking at least fourteen
names from the list of thirty-three sub
mitted to his consideration for appoint
ment on the spur of the moment. The
undersigned fancies and has reason to be
lieve that had he presented the- list to
his Honor In person a still larger selec
tion would have been made from it, how
large the Lord In his Infinite wisdom alone
knows. The undersigned acted In perfect
good faith and with but one Idea, to sub
serve the best interests of the city. He
knew that it would be Impossible for his
Honor to accomplish the task alone, a
task which would have taxed the robust
constitution of a Hercules or Atlas to the
utmost, and the Mayor Is far from pos
sessing the constitution of either, and at
the last moment he jumped In and offered
such humble advice as it was in hie power
to give and is glad to be informed that
his Honor appreciated It and acted upon
many of the suggestions tendered him In
a spirit of profound abnegation.
In order to test the public pulse the un
dersigned on Tuesday last visited the
famous Iconoclast, Gavin McNab, the
great Democratic Douglas, in his den at
the Mills building and found him like
">?iobe, all tears," surrounded by his
crestfallen and lamenting satellites. Con
spicuous among the disconsolate was
Sammy Braunhart, the isinglass ticket
man and famous navigator of the water
front.-,
Wrapped in a buggy robe, such as he
once presented Mr. Clnclnnatus Aristides
Buckley, the Sage of Livermore.as a token
of his affection, he declared that a refusal
on the part of Mayor Phelan to appoint him
Commissioner of Public Works marked
the rock upon which the great party is
bound to split. But we, who are philoso
phers, merely laugh at his pretensions
and believe with the illustrious Junius
that these Idle vaporlngs are but "the
gloomy companions of a disturbed imagi
nation, the melancholy madness" of
poetry without the inspiration. Colonel
Maximilian Parkhurst Popper, the fa
mous street-sweeping contractor, was
there fiercely stroking his mustache,
which he always does when In anger, but
saying as little as an Iroquois chief usu
ally says. Colonel Henry L. Bienfleld, the
celebrated Keyhole Detective of the Re
formers, who used to carry Primaries for
Mr. Buckley by transporting legitimate
voters in vegetable wagons from one dis
trict to another, thought that the end of
the world was near at hand,
Gavin McNab himself, the modern Ma
chlavelli from the land o' cakes, looked
like Napoleon upon the evening of Water
loo; like Rachel he refused to be comfort
ed, because his push was not, an<l all he
condescended to say was that it was a
fight between the people from South of
tile Slot and the great social clubs, such
as the Paciilc-Union, Bohemian and Uni
versity, and the clubs won, which has all
the appearance of thruth, for upon con
sulting our latest Society Blue Book we
find that the
Pacific-Union Club has received seven
appointments.
Bohemian Club has received six appoint
ments.
University Club haa received six ap
pointments.
Burlingame Country Club has received
two appointments.
San Francisco Art Association has re
ceived two appointments.
San Francisco Veretn has received one
appointment.
Century Club has received one appoint
ment.
Laurel Hill Club has received one aD
polntment.
St. Andrew's Society has received one
appointment.
Twenty-seven appointments out of a
possible thirty-three is not a bad begin
ning, and our heartfelt and sincere con
gratulations are due to these clubs for the
bloodless victory. The undersigned, who
Is a Democrat of the most pronounced
type, one who always speaks of the party
of Jefferson and Jackson with the same
affection with which Claude Melnotte
spoko of his beloved Pauline Deschap
pelles, feels in duty bound to congratu
late his Honor, the Mayor, upon three or
four appointments peculiarly appropriate.
Conspicuous among these Is that of
James Penman, familiarly known as
"Golden Jubilee Denman," to the position
of a member of the Board of Education.
Of course, Mr. Denman, like several oth
ers who received appointments, supported
neither Mr. Bryan nor Judge Maguire,
but a little thing like that don't go a long
way with the Mayor.
Fifty years aso. when San Francisco
WAIL OF THE "SHOVS"
AGAINST THE "CHIVS"
Polo and Lawn Tennis to Be Introduced Into
the Public Schools.
AFTERMATH OF MAYOR PHELAN'S AP
POINTMENTS.
was but the insignificant Pueblo of Yerba
Bue^na, when Mayors were still Alcaldes,
solid nines nothing but common regi
dores, and when the dark-eyed senorltas
of Castile and Andalusia eagerly listened
from the overhanging balconies of un
couth adobe dwellings to the protesta
tions of eternal devotion falling from the
lips of the gallant cavaliers of old Spain.
James Denman was a constant and never
failing guest at the public banqueting
table, and with slight variations he has
been there ever since. Of him it might be
said that he was like the poor we have him
always with us. In sickness and in health,
in success and adversity, he has been our
steady boarder, and promises to remain
6uch until the end of his appointed time.
Xot less appropriate is the appointment
of John "Barkis" Casserly, a member of
the famous Burllngame Country Club, to
be one of the Board of Education, for the
good people who live south of the slot
have long declared that their children
would never amount to much In this world
unless they could play polo and lawn !
tennis, and Mr. Casserly has kindly.'
promised to introduce both of these ac
complishments into the public schools.
Not a few people find fault with the
appointment of a man who years ago
filled an elective office in this city and
who had come . to regard all duplicate
taxes and taxea paid under protest as the
personal perquisites of his offlce. so much
bo that the Grand Jury was compelled to
convince him of his error. His Honor,
being a very busy man, has probably not
heard of what has long been an "open
secret, and attention Is not called to it. in
the hope that future appointments of this
kind may be averted, but Just to remind
some people that to be a reformer one
need not necessarily be an angel.
The thousands and tens of thousands
of people who live south of the slot de
sire to repudiate the slander circulated
about town by disappointed Job chasers
that his Honor has given them the over
look, for they have received the appoint
ment of one Park Commissioner out of
the thirty-three appointments, and they
are absolutely satisfied and glad to have
received so much.
The malicious suggestion that the slate
presented by his Honor on Sunday morn
ing last has put the kibosh on certain
Senatorial aspirations is one that needs j
no answer at the present, for he has
made it a rule of his life never to cross a
stream until he comes to it.
The undersigned in conclusion desires
once more to thank his Honor for listen
ing so kindly to his suggestions made at
the last moment, and he freely adver
tises the. fact that he ¦will be ready to
submit another and similar list one year'
hence, when the official life of those "who i
have drawn the short terms in his i
Honor's lottery shall have come to an
end. Respectfully submitted.
David Jonathan* sloane
San Francisco. January 4. 1900.
The fact that another actress, after a brief caree* 1
of matrimony and home life, is seeking a divorce with
the intention of returning to her profession may be
cited as a proof that it is much easier to elevate the
stage than to raise a family.
THE TELEPHONE ORDINANCE.
f-^vROCEEDINGS of the.Board of Supervisors on
L>/ Wednesday show how well advised was the
* counsel of' The Call urging the Supervisors to
have an amended resolution imposing a tax upon
telephone machines ready to be taken up in case the
Mayor did not fulfill his promise to submit one
The Mayor's resolution was submitted, but proved
B^efe^ive. inasmuch as it did not specify the
amount of the tax to be imposed, and when the defect
was called to his attention he suggested that the mat
ter be referred to the City Attorney. That course
would have entailed a further delay, which is just what
the telephone corporation wishes. What The Call
foresaw came to pass, and it is fortunate that precau
tions had been taken. Supervisor Aigeltinger had a
resolution prepared against which no legal objection
can be found, and it was promptly taken up and
The i«ne of the pa«age of the ordinance now rests
with the incoming board. The telephone company
has to th3t extent succeeded in its efforts to defeat the
measure. The present board can do no more than
h: has 'done. The matter, however, is leit in good
shapt for the interests of the city, and it is not likely
the new board will permit any further delay in enact-
The resolutions making it a misdemeanor for
the tfkphone companies to demand pay from
the patrons of the line? -.vithout first giving
the des'red connection will go far toward put
ting an end to one of the grossest abuses which the
companies have practiced upon the public through
their n:ckel-in-the-«lot machines. The passage of that
resolution leaves the issue in the hands of the Mayor,
and it needs but his signature to become a law.
Another commendable action of the board was the
turntable ordinance, which was opposed by all the
strength of the Market Street Railway Company. By
this ordinance San Francisco will be rid of what is
worse than a nuisance, for the turntables have been
sources of denger to the public as well as of annoy
ance.
When the board meets to-day to close up its offi
cial business it can look back upon a record of good
work faithfully performed. It has been the best body
of Supervisors San Francisco has known for many a
year, and closes the history of our municipal govern
ment under the consolidation act with a page which
the people can read with satisfaction. In not one m
stance has this board broken the pledges made to the
voters during the campaign. It has set an example
which the incoming board will do well to follow in
the work that lies before them.
TAXATION OF LOCAL BONDS.
BY the vote of the people in favor of issuing
bonds for extensive municipal improvements
a new interest is given to the proposed amend
ment to the constitution providing that "all bonds
hereafter issued "by "the State of California, or by any
county, city and county, municipal corporation or
district, including school, reclamation and irrigation
districts, within said State shall be free and exempt
from taxation."
As the law stands the bonds about to be issued by
the city will be virtually unsalable in California.
They are to bear rates of interest so low that if sub
jected to State and county taxes they would not yield
to the purchaser an interest sufficient to justify buy
ing them at par value. One series of the bonds will
pay three and a half per cent interest, and the other
only three per cent. Even the highest of these will
not net the holder more than two per cent under the
lightest State and county tax levy likely to occur.
Such being the condition of affairs it is well assured
that unless the practice of taxing be stopped all of
our bonds issued for State or local improvements will
have to be sold to capitalists in the East or in Europe.
That will entail the sending of interest money out of
the State every year when it might just as well be re
tained at home. Upon the bonds to be issued by this
city the yearly interest will amount in round numbers
to $183,500. That sura is in itself considerable, and
when to it is added the interest on all other State,
county, city and district bonds sold outside the State
it will be seen that the drain of money from the com
munity will be a serious evil.
There is no way by which a Government can gain
anything by taxing its own bonds. The tax always
rlTect? the market value of the bond, and no bond that
is subject to taxation can be sold as profitably as one
that is untaxed. It is thus impossible for a commun
ity to increase its wealth by such forms of taxation,
since what it gains in revenue in that way it has to
pay out in increased interest rates or sacrifice by sell
it:g bonds below par.
In our case we not only gain nothing but lose
heavily by the folly of such taxation. It is therefore
manifestly to the interest of the State and of all its
citizens to amend the constitution so as to put an end
to the lolly. The vote upon the issue does not take
place until November, but it is none too early for
voters to give the subject earnest consideration.
Later in the year the Presidential campaign will bring
forward a host of excitements to distract attention
from local and non-partisan questions, and for that
reason the people should make up their minds on
this subject now.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE-Reader
San Jose. Cal. In 1879 Hugh J. Glenn was
the nominee of the regular Democratic
convention for the office of Governor of
California.
ON THE DEAD LEVEL— E. B. J..
Nimshaw, Butte County, Cal. There is
no gun that if placed on a dead level will
shoot to center at a distance of 700 yards.
A ball fired from a gun commences to
rise the moment It leaves the gun. "When
a bail commences to fall depends in each
THE LIVESTOCK ASSOCIATION.
| \EPORTS from the committee in charge of ar
j k-/ rangements for the convention* of the National
j Livestock Association, to be held in Fort
Worth on the 16th of this month, are to the effect
that nearly a thousand delegates will be present, rep
resenting almost even' State in the Union. In addi
tion to the regular delegates a number of distin-
I guished gentlemen will attend the convention either
!as invited guests or as representatives of the Na
j tional Government and of foreign nations having an
i interest in the cattle business.
It is stated the Imperial German Government will
be represented by B. R. Baron Herman, connected
with the embassy at Washington. The Canadian
Government will be represented by Hon. Henry
Wade of Toronto, and it is believed the Mexican
Government will send a delegate direct from the City
of Mexico. The livestock industry between the latter
Government and this is so closely allied that a meet
ing of this character is regarded with the greatest in
terest. Our own Government will be represented by
Hon. L. G. Powers of the Department of Agricul-
BENEFITS OFFERED BY
THE CALL'S "HOME STUDY."
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: The Call's
"Home Study Circle" is one of the best
means for the dissemination of knowledge
that has ever come under my observa
tion. It affords splendid opportunities to
all classes, especially that large cla3s
who, owing either to lack of time or lacic
of means, have hitherto been unable to
gratify their thirst for knowledge.
The Call, having provided a department
whereby young men and women may de
vote their spare hours to study and use
fulness, has proved itself to be a great
factor In the uplifting of humanity, an-1
ought to be in every home. Very sincere
ly yours, J. WHITEHORN.'
Oakland. January 2. 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It's Scrofula
Those little kernels in the
neck ! Has your child ever
had them? You know some-
: times they swell, become
! painful, soften, and end in.
a scar. Give such a child
S«dlssmut&ioTL
just as soon as the kcrneta
appear. The little swelU
ings will grow less and less
and soon will disappear alto^
? gethcr. Continue the Emul-
sion until the child has good
flesh and a healthy color.
toe and tt.oo. all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.
ieJhu ihe Tne highbinders
+yity mo are at ,t, t agaln and
i». ... . this time worse than
Jrignbinaet'S ever. Do you know
the history of their
JLqv& to war? Well> tney
«*,UK& IV pay that the j, ule
.- ... Chinese maid is at
J\llf the bottom of the
difficulty. Read in
F nfU l*\*Ur>~ next Sunday's Call
CrClCn Uiner. all about It and de-
cide for youraelf.
The Fastest Train Across the Contl*
nent.
The California limited. Santa F« Route. Coat
noting train leaves 5 p. m.. Monday. Wednasv
day. Friday and Saturday. Flaest equipped}
train and best track of any line to the Eajt,
Ticket offlce. 6C3 Market street.
Personally Conducted Excursions •
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled : Pullman tourtsC
sleeping cars via Santa F« Route. Experienced^
excursion conductors accompany these txcur?
slons to look aft(4 th« weUare of passengersv
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunda*v*
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, Montreal;
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Loufa]
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday aai;
Friday. Ticket offlce. 613 Market street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrop'ti
Has been used for fifty years by million* o+\
mothers for their children whll» Te»thlnj wltl»'
perfect success. It soothes the child, softeni
the pucis. allays pain, cures \\ md Colic, regnal
latea the Bowels and Is the best remedy foji
Dtarrhceas, whether arising from teething o»V
other causes. For sale by druggists la ev»ry'
part of the world. Be sure and aslc for i".-*,'
Winalow's Soothing 071-up. Sc a bottle.
Cal. glace fruit 50c p?r lo at Townsend's.*
Robbed of His Bank.
The two boys, J. A. Smith and Frar.Jf
Cunningham, charged with petty larcensf
for robblnp Carl Otto. 132S Sanchez street,
of his bank, containing $4. appeared ;-e«.
terday before Judpe Conlan. Smith "was!
convicted and Cunningham will know hi*;
fate to-day.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Tb at Townsend's^ l '
Special Information supplied dally 1
business houses and public men by tbg
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mcnt*
gomery street. Telephone Main IM2L •
THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION AGAIN
I—;I — ; ORECASTS of the prospective work of Con-
I gress invariably include in the list of subjects
certain to occupy attention a bill for the im
provement of our immigration laws. It has been so
with each gathering of Congress for many years past.
There have been times when the matter was deemed
of such importance that it was spoken of as "a burn
ing issue." However, nothing ever came of it but
smoke, and so we have the same old question to dis
cuss aeain.
During the years of the industrial depression the
problem came very near solving itself. Compara
tively few immigrants came into the country while
the hard times lasted, and some sanguine folks came
to the conclusion there would never be much of a
rush again. With the return of better times there has
come an increase in the number of Europeans who
wish to share in our prosperity, and consequently the
immigration issue is now as portentous as it was ever
at any period of our history.
The recent report of the Commissioner of Immi
gration at New York, the point at which 86 per cent
of the immigrants land, shows that during the month
of November there were admitted at that port 4133
cabin passengers and 26,460 steerage passengers, a
total of 30,593. In previous Novembers there were
admitted immigrants as follows: 1895, 16,881; 1896,
11.283; 1897, 12,174; 1898. 18.189. It is. said the rate
of immigration in the fall affords a safe basis upon
which to estimate the rate for the coming year, and
the conclusion is therefore drawn that in the year be
fore us a veritable army of immigrants will seek work,
wages and homes in this country.
The immigration from Southern and Eastern Eu
rope, which was so notable just before the panic
years, has begun again on an extensive scale. It is
said that almost the entire increase in the immigra
tion of 1899 over that of the preceding year is from
Austria-Hungary and Italy. The Austrian's coming
are from the southern and eastern parts of that coun
try — from Croatia. Kraine and Dalmatia — and other
immigrants are heading this way from Bosnia, Herze
govina and Montenegro.
These immigrants are of races quite distinct from
that which formed our government and established
our institutions. They are aliens in everything. Their
arrival in such numbers as are likely to come in dur
! ing the year will menace the welfare of the communi
ties where they settle. They will tend to lower the
j wage rate, depress the standard of living, and encour
i age class antagonisms. It is certainly imperative that
some restriction be put upon their coming. The is
sue is therefore revived again in all its force, and this
j time it is to be hoped Congress will do something lo
I check the evil.
DAME DEMOCRACY : "Take Your Medicine, Billy."
—New Tork World.
instance upon the gun. Its condition, th^;
last point of contact of the ball with th*
muzzle and the charge.
TURKEY— A. W., City. There are abon£.
sixty kinds of birds that are classed a 4
wild turkeys, so that unless the particular;
kind is specified It would be Impossible ta
state whether the v.-ild turkey attains a
greater growth than the domesticated ona.
THE ALMT AND THE HICKS— A
Reader, City. The whaling baric Andrei
Hicks left San Francisco March 13. ISO 3.
and the bark Helen "VV. Almy, "which wadf
capsized outside the heads, sailed on the
following day, the 20th, so it appears front
the records of the Merchants Exchange*
A MORTGAGE— J. M.. Los Angeles. Cat,
A prudent man who ¦wishes "to cake sf
loan to another and wishes to take sj
mortgage on an undivided half Interest orj
two pieces of farming land" wot ;d employ
the services of a reputable attorney, whtt
would advls* h!rn as to whether the lean
would be safe. That Is all the precaution
that need be taken.
THE CHICAGO DRAINAGE CANAL.
r^ HICAGO has accomplished her great enter
l prise of providing a drainage from her sewers
southward through a canal to the Dcs Plaines
River, thence to the Illinois and thence to the Mis
sissippi. The canal has been made of proportions
ample for commerce as soon as the upper rivers can
be prepared to receive and transmit it. The traffic
will have to wait for appropriations for the improve
ment of the rivers. In the meantime the sewage will
flow on and perhaps will raise a stench that will com
pel people living along the streams to make the im
provements at their own expense.
In this undertaking Chicago has had a strong and
determined opposition from the start. The sewage of
the city is to pass through rivers whose waters have
been pure and healthful and is to be dumped into the
Mississippi just above St. Louis. The magnitude of
the work is such that since its completion it ranks
as the largest artificial canal in the world. Credit
must be given to Chicago for devising so vast a
project and carrying it to success in the face of such
antagonism. It remains to be seen, however, whether
it will be. expedient to permit her to make use of it as
a drain for her sewers.
The lands along the Dcs Plaines and the Illinois
rivers are comparatively flat. Water does not flow
rapidly down the streams, and the danger of con
tamination from the sewage is therefore great. In the
long, hot summers of the Mississippi Valley, it will
not take much in the way of sewer stuff lodged along
the banks of the rivers to spread disease over a wide
area of country. It is the fear of that result which
aroused hostility to the project when first mooted,
and it was for the purpose of allaying that hostility
that the promoters of the enterprise changed it from
a mere sewer drain to a great canal fitted for com
mercial uses.
It is said efforts will be made to prevent the use of
the canal as a sewer. If so an interesting question will
be raised and the decision upon it will be of far
reaching importance. In Great Britain the peopl
long ago had to deal with the evil of dumping
sewage into rivers, and the upper courses of rivers in
that country are now protected from such contami
nation. Sooner or later the United States will have
to make similar regulations. As cities increase along
the banks of streams the dangers of permitting the un
restricted emptying of sewers into them will increase.
It will then be in many parts of this country, as in
the manufacturing districts of Great Britain, that the
sewage will be so vast in bulk as to poison the waters
sufficiently to kill the fish and impregnate the air with
germs of disease. A controversy over the Chicago
canal will 'bring that problem up for consideration,
and it is probable no harm would be done to Chi
cago, while an immense benefit would be conferred
on the country at large, if the decision be reached
that she cannot use it for sewer drainage or any pur
pose that will materially injure the waters of the Dcs
Plaines or the Illinois rivers.
Superintendent Reddy of the Almshouse reports
that there are fewer inmates in that institution by
fifty-four than there were this time last year. Another
evidence that prosperity is permeating every stratum
of San Francisco's life.
ture; Dr. Victor A. Norgaard of the Bureau
of Animal Industry; Mr. F. H. Brandenburg
of the Weather Bureau. The hope of securing Sec
retary James Wilson has not been entirely aban
! doned.
The industry represented by the association is one
of the greatest" in the Union, and, moreover, is one
in which the Western States are particularly inter
ested. The proceedings of the convention will there
fore be watched with close attention throughout a
wide region of the country. The livestock men, like
other producers, are now deeply concerned in ques
tions of markets, and the discussions will undoubt
edly be directed" largely to such considerations.
Notice is given in the preliminary report of the
committee on arrangements that a movement will be
made to get the Department of Agriculture to create
a bureau for giving public information of the produc
tion and shipping of livestock. The argument of the
supporters of the movement is that the agricultural
interests of the country are amply provided for in this
direction, so that the amount of wheat, corn, oats,
etc., is approximately known months before the har
vest. The exports, visible supply and consumption
are reported daily, through agents of the Department
of Agriculture, located in every State. This system
tends to regulate the markets and prevents, for any
length of time, a manipulation of prices. The live
stock industry does not enjoy any advantages of this
character, and it is now impossible to tell with any de
gree of certainty the number of livestock in each
State each year, the weather or sanitary conditions of
the various stock-growing districts, or anything about
the supply, consumption or exportation other than
private individuals or corporations may see fit to give
out. This lack of reliable information is to the dis
advantage of the consumer, and makes it an easy mat
ter for combinations to manipulate prices.
The time of the delegates is not to be devoted
wholly to business. The hospitality of Texas has ar
ranged a round of festivities for the entertainment of
the visitors, and the convention will prove to be both
pleasant and profitable to all who attend it.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
The early years of the twentieth century will doubt
less be most noted in history for the exploitation of
Africa, but whether the result will be the enlightening
of the Dark Continent or the darkening of the cen-
I tury remains to be seen.
FRIDAY JANUARY 5, I9"Q
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor,
Address All Communications to W. S. LEA^J^!^£[~v
riItLICATIO.V OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
CDITOni AI. ROOMS £17 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telrpbone Main 1674.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orphean— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Christian.**
California— "With Flying Colour*."
TSvoll— "Little 80-Peep-"
Grand Op*ra-hou!>»— "Sinbad."
AlSjarr.bra— "Fir.ri'.can's Ball."
Alcarar— "Cfctamie Fadd^n."
Cbtrte*. Zoo aad Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenSrs- _ „ ...
Oljtapla, corner Ma*on ar.d Ellis streets— Specialties.
Panorama Battle cf Manila Bay. Market street, near
Elefcth.
W#*tera Tcrf Association rarea to-dar.
AUCTION SALES.
B7 Eaatoo. TTxirt&fe & Co.— Tuesday. January ». at 11
o'clock. I'Htl rotate, at C 2% Marktt sfret.
6THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
7
OLD San Francisco's Fire Depart
ment celebrated its finish last night
at a feast given In the Maple Room
of the Palace Hotel. The men who
will fight the flames for new San
Francisco will soon replace the old boys.
The evolution of the city carries with it
reorganization of all Its departments and
many of the firemen of to-day expect to
Etep down and out when the changes
com© about.
Last night's affair was a reunion of the
firemen, a parting celebration and a mark
of appreciation by the citizens of the city
for work well performed, all rolled into
one. It was an occasion that will be
memorable in the city's history »nd will
be written on its brightest pages. It was
not alone a feast and a Jollification, but
it was a time for showing the brave men
who have risked their lives for the city
that their work has been appreciated and
that the citizens are not unmindful of
their services.
It was a passing of the old. It was a
welcome to the new.
The incident around which all the minor
details of tho affair revolve was the pres
entation to Chief Sullivan of a beautiful
token of affection from the men who have
fought with him and under his directions.
In a handsome morocco-covered volume,
embossed and trimmed with gold, wera
engrossed the following resolutions:
Whereas. In accordance with th« pro
visions of the new charter the San Fran
cisco Fire Department Is about to t>« re
organized and conducted as a permanent
system, and whereas, through such reor
ganization some of our members are likely
to retire from the department, thereby
severing the pleasant relations of comrade
ship which we have po long enjoyed, we,
therefore, as officers and members of the
San Francisco Fire Department, in timely
anticipation of the proposed change In its
system do gladly avail ourselves of the op
portur.lty of formally expressing the es
teem in which we hold our distinguished
chief. Dennis T. Sullivan, who for over
twenty-one yoars, and while advancing suc
cessively according to his merits through
each and every grade of our service, hns
discharged his duties with honor to him
self and to the protection and benefit ot our
municipality, be it therefore
Resolved. That Chief Engineer Dennis T.
Sullivan (as the Immediate successor of that
brave veteran soldier and fireman, the late
David Scannell) by his ability, real and en
ergy has co effectively improved and mod
ernized the San Francisco Fire Department
that It stands to-day unexcelled by any in
stitution of like character in th« united
•» Resolved, That as the splendid organ**
SAW THEIR FINISH
AT A FEAST
they did so 'he would not attend the af
fair. As a consequence the testimonial
was a secret that the men guarded to the
end.
The banquet began at 8 o'clock. Tables
were eet for two hundred firemen and
their iruests and there was not a vacant
place. All the commercial and Industrial
Interests of the city were represented.
Officials of old San Francisco and the offi
cers of the new municipality were there.
And a hundred firemen — the heads of tho
department, chiefs of battalions, captains
of engine companies, captains of truck
companies and captains of chemical com
panies—were the hosts.
After the guests had entered the Maple
Room and had been assigned their places
around the festal board, the heroes of a
hundred hard-fought and desperate bat
tles against the dreaded element marched
In tn single file. Their appearance was the
signal for the first outburst of applause,
so hearty and so warm that the men
could not mistake Its meaning.
When the firemen took thalr places
around the tables and faced Chief Sulll-
Two hours mttea away as though they
were hardly as many minutes In the pleas
ant pastime of entertaining the inner man.
The "small blacks" and the cigars were
the cue for Garret McEnerney, who had
been selected to act as toastnmster, to
prepare for the "feast of reason."
Appreciative of the honor conferred, Mr.
McEnerney took occasion to extend his
thanks to the department to which the
Zens Is that of 'Our Country/ "
Every man arose to his feet, and with
glasses held high above their heads
cheered for the land they love so well
and the flag they honor. The orchestra
played the national hymn and every voice
Joined in the chorus. M. H. de Young
was Introduced to respond to the toast.
Briefly he said:
"This Is a broad subject— one upon
which a man of learning could talk for
hours. Our country! Its influence is felt
over the entire civilized world. How great
it has grown! How great it is!"
The speaker referred with considerable
pride to the country's educational su
periority over every nation , on the globe.
He touched briefly on the Maine disaster
and its results, and argued in favor of the
expansion policy of the President.
"Ours is the greatest nation on the face
of the globe," he continued, "and the one
with the best form of government. Now,
as a member of the press and in Its be
half and on behalf of the peo
ple of San Francisco, I de
sire to congratulate the city on its Fire
Department and the magnificent leader It
•has in Chief Sullivan."
that he could not say anything too good
about the firemen, their efficiency and
f?Jthfulness.
W. J. Dutton, representing the Fire Un
derwriters, told of the high appreciation
in which the department is held t>y the in
surance companies.
Following this was the presentation to
Chief Sullivan of the souvenir from his
men.
Mayor Phelan, who was unable to at
tend the banquet, sent the following let
ter of regrets:
"D. T. Sullivan, Chief of the Fire De
partment: I regret that domestic affairs
keep me from participating in the ban
quet tendered to the friends of the Fir©
Department this evening, but I desire to
take the opportunity of expressing tho
confidence with which I am sure the peo
ple of San Francisco regard you so far as
your office is concerned, and to say that
I share fully their admiration of the in
telligent, tireless and heroic work per
formed by you and your men.
"Under the new order of things I am
satisfied the same high standard of effi
ciency which you have established and
maintained will be preserved. Please ac
cept for yourself and colleagues my cor
dial regards and best wishes for the New
Year. JAMES D. PHELAN."
During the evening the following pro
gramme was renderea by a string orches
tra:
March, "Folles Bergere" (LJncke); se
lection from the opera "Carmen" (Bizet);
"Habana Clgarieres" (Cervaslo); selec
tion from the comic opera "The Sere
nade" (V. Herbert); "Hearts and Flow
ers" (Tobanl); selection, "The Runaway
Girl" (Caryll); valse caprice, "Budding
Roses" (Kretschmer); medley from "Clo
rlndy" (Marion); Intermezzo from "Cav
alleria Rusticana" (Mascagni); popular
Kentucky medley (Boettger).
Those who had charge of the affair
were:
Committee of arrangements — Assistant
Chief P. H. Shaughnessy. Chief of Bat
talion T. M. Fernandez. Chief of Battal
ion W. D. Waters; Captain Robert H.
Sawyer, Captain William Kenealey, Cap
tain James Dever, Captain Daniel Sewell.
Reception committee — William R. Hew
itt. Charles Towe, Dr. T. P. Botkin, Cap
tain P. J. Dunne.
Among the invited guests were:
¦ Mayor Phelan. D. T. Sullivan. Chief of th«
Fire Department; Garret McEnerney, P. H.
McCarthy, William Broderlck. James E. Brlti,
Samuel Rainey, J. H. O'Brien, D. J. Staples.
Charles A. Laton. William J. Dutton Rudolph
Herold. Charles D. Haven. Irving M. Scott,
Llpman Sachs, M. H. Hecht. Colonel W. P.
Sullivan Jr.. Isldor Gutte. James H. Deertng.
Rolla V. Watt. Edward Brown, Albert Heyer,
Fire Marshal Charles Towe. Charles L. Acker
man. J. F O. Comstock. captain Underwriters'
Fire Patrol; William R. Hewttt. Dr. T. P. Bod
kins. Peter J. Dunn*, Peter F. Dunne, J. H.
Sewell, Hon. James H. Budd, P. J. Harney.
Hon. William P. Lawlor. William Nelson, F.
A. Schussler, Charles Wesley Reed, John Ken
ney. J. W. Retlly. George Maxwell. M. I* Spi
nettl, D. R. Connlff, J. B. Relnstein. Dr. A.
T. Leonard, Edward R. Taylor, A. W. Thomp
son. F. A. Esola. E. M. Graney. F. W. Dohr
mann, Charles Sutro. Thomas C. Ccogan, Claua
Spreckels. William H. Leahy, J. J. Gullfoyle,
George E. Ralney, W. S. Ralney, M. H. de
Young. Ernest Simpson, W. S. Leak*. Joseph
Mansfield. R. A. Crothers. Hugh Hume. Bam
Horton, Paul Blades, C. H. Gogan. A. M. Law
rence. Thomas F. Williams, C. H. Warren, John
H. Grady. D. I. Mahoney, George T. Bowen.
Colin M. Boyd. Frank G. Edwards, Joseph Mar
shall. R. 8. Jones. D. V. Kelly. Jamea W.
Kerr. Henry Gorter, J. D. Grant, John Welch.
P. H. Fleming. A. J. Clunle. Cantata B. F.
Bohen. J. R. Freud. A. 8. Baldwin. Maurice
Schmitt. Hon. F. H. Dunne, J. J. Barrett. J.
C. Kirkpatrlck.
Among the members of the department
who attended were:
Chiefs of battalions— John McCluskey,
John Wills. T. M. Fernandez. Ed F. Mc-
Klttrick, M. J. Dolan, John J. Conlon.
William D. Waters.
Captains of engine companies — J. J. Cal
len, M. Boden. Thomas Magner, John
Wilson, John Mahoney, Charles Cullen,
Arthur Welch, Stephen Russell, John Con
roy, William Gill, Charles Smith J. Sul
livan, Daniel Newell, William Kenealey,
Fred Whltaker. Charles J. Hogan. John
Doherty, William Holmes. Henry Home,
Henry Schmidt, John Fay, J. Mitchell,
James Layden, Edward Skelley, James
Radford. James Dever, Robert H. Sawyer,
John Maxwell, William Byrne, Daniel Se
well, W. Canty, Eugene O'Connor, Robert
T. Browne, Henry Mitchell, William Da
hany.
Captains of truck companies— E. Crowe,
John Dever, William Bchultz, James
Kentzel. E. Klngsly, William Kelly, Wil
liam Carew, Frank Nichols.
Captains of chemical companies— M.
O'Brien. Thomas Kelly, Thomas Mur
phy, Isidore Gurmendez, William Galla
tln. James Connlff. George Bailey.
This sentiment was re-echoed with a
will and for a moment the modest Chief
was almost forced to say something in
acknowledgment of the applause that
greeted the mention of his name.
"Dear old California must not be for
gotten," announced the toastmaster at
the conclusion of Mr. de Young's remarks.
"We love our country, but there Is still
something about our own Golden State
that makes her more than dear to us."
Dr. E. E. Taylor responded. He re
viewed the history of the State, spoke
of its great resources and finished his
address by a eulogy on the men who had
run with the old "masheen" in the early
days.
Colin M. Boyd spoke of old San Fran
cisco and M. H. Hecht responded to new
San Francisco. Both agreed that it was
a matter of congratulation not only to
the city but to the State that the metro
polis of the West had taken a step for
ward.
It was the good fortune of F. W. Dohr
mann to throw well-earned and deserved
verbal bouquets at " 'Frisco's tire light
ers." Frequent outbursts of applau.se in
terrupted tho speaker at every passage
In his address that savored of a compli
ment to the Fire Department. He stated
city owed so much. He said that mere
words could not repay the brave men for
the work they had done, but that they
would have to consider themselves poorly
recompensed with the knowledge that
every man, woman and child In San
Francisco appreciated their services.
"I will not take up your time now with
a long talk," said the toastmaster. "My
duty here is to call off the programme.
The most- appropriate toast that can be
proposed where there are congregated
around the banquet table American citl-
van. who occupied the spat of honor, they
saluted their commanding officer, and First
Assistant Dougherty, his voice trembling
with emotion, wished Chief Sullivan suc
cess In whatever his future undertakings
might be, and expressed the hope that
fortune would favor him during 1900.
Cheers that resounded through the big
hotel followed the greeting. There was
more applause for the firemen and then
three cheers and a tiger for their Chief.
For the next hour and a half the gather
ing discussed the menu. Course after
course was disposed of as easily as the
firemen have disposed of many a blaze
that has threatened the city. Old comrades
chatted between dishes, and newly made
friends sipped wine and wished each
other health as they stole time to take a
breath. Here is the list of the good things
that made the crowd feel jolly:
Eaatern Oysters. Half Shell.
Sauterne.
Consomme Princess.
Ollree. Radishes. Caviar on Toast.
Orenadlnx of Sole, Beamalse.
Potatoes Chateau.
Larded Fillet of Beef, French Btyl».
Claret. Romaln Punch.
Roast Chicken, with Gravy.
Btuffed Tomatoes. Green Peas.
Palace Hotel Salad.
Neapolitan Ice Cream.
Champagne.
Assorted Cakes. Fruit. Coffee.
tlon. discipline and equipment of our de
partment are thus due to the able and un
tiring effort* of Chief Sullivan, he is there
fore most truly worthy of the confidence
reposed In him by the community of whose
lives and property In the hour of peril he
lias lone teen the vigilant and upright
guardian.
Resolved. That we cordially regard our
ChW. Dennis T. Sullivan, an an exem
plary public officer. Justly considerate of
the rights and privilege* of those acting
und'r his authority, a friend who In tho
relations of social life has endeared him
self to all who know him. and of whom It
tray well b« cald. "In all bis duty, prompt
at every call."
Resolved. Tthat th^ee resolutions be In
scribed upon the minutes of the Board of
Engineers and Foremen, and that a copy
thereof be suitably engrossed and presented
to Chief Sullivan as a simple, testimonial
of our appreciation of his Invaluable ser
vices to this department and of the high
esteem in which we hold him as & citizen,
a fireman and a friend.
W. D. WATERS.
I. GI'RMEXDEZ.
JOHN J. MAHON'ET.
STEPHEN D. RUSSELL.
WM. J. KENEALEY.
Committee.
Appended to th» resolutions were tho
signatures of every member of the San
Francisco Fire Department. The volume
•was inclosed In a glass case resting on a
handsome rosewood table. The presenta
tion was made by Charles H. Ackerman
on behalf of the firemen. The Chief was
taken completely by surprise, and th<»
tears that rolled down his face were the
only expression of thanks that he could
command, so overcome was he with emo
tion. He had told his men before the
banquet was arranged that he did not be
lieve in those who were earning but a few
dollars a month spending their money for
a present for him. and threatened that IfNezv York Stock Market.
rvEW YORK, Jan. 4.— The mest conspicuous
feature cf the day's trading in stocks was the
continued heavy selling for foreign account,
about which there was considerable mystery.
The orders to sell in New York came from Lon
don, but London attributed them to Ber
lin account. Vienna adso reported sales
on its exchange for Berlin account. In
spite of the explanation that Berlin sell
ing was forced by money stringency, the
Berlin discount rate showed a rise of only %
per cent. In Berlin the der>res*lon was attrlb- !
uted to ths decline in English consols and to
the capture by the British of the German
eteamer General. While the motive of the for
eign following was obscure and explanations
confused, the fact of it was beyond doubL
Sales by the arbitrage houses in New York
again footed up 50,<KM shares of the various in- ¦
terr.atlonal stock*. There is undoubtedly I
come uneasiness in financial circles abroad over
the possibility of friction l>etween Germany and
Groat Hrllatn ever the seizure* of German ves
sels. It u«b worthy of note that while Interest
rates declined in London, the Bank of England 1
¦bowed a notable recuperation In resources In j
itt- weekly statement. Sterling exchange at the ;
important financial centers advanced sharply. '
in 6p!te of the hardening money rate In Berlin j
and Paris. The New *ork eterllng exchange j
rate advanced at the same time, without af- !
feeling the local money market, in which the I
rate ruled from 5 to 6 uer cent. The inference I
le warrantea that London is preparing to make
further ie«;uie:tlons for foreign gold supply.
and that hf-r rconey market will have to mt-et
demands for coming <iuvernment loans. In our
own btock market the cor.sideraMe offerings for !
foreign account drove {Tices down at the open
ing near a point in international stocks. The
level of prices thus attained, coming after yes
terday's »biirp reaction, proved so inviting that
large ar.d substantial buying appeared, which
forced a recovery in prices by the end of the '
first hour. Later New York Central waa bid
up ehariily to 117. end the short Interest la
£ugar »»b driven to rout by 6tories of a settle
ment of the trade war. Yesterdays reactionary
market induced quite an enlargement of the
ehort interest, and their demand to cover was
an imt>ortarit element in tne day's recovery in
prices. The specialties showed wider changes
than railroad stocks, but the demand for rail
roads wag ;aree ana well distributed, and, ex
cept for the special strength of the trunk lines. <
th»-ir ca-.riß were quite uniform. A movement '
to take profita in the last hour caused a mate- I
rial re-action, reaching to over 3 points in some
of the Industrials, and b-tween 1 an-i 2 points
In many ra.roadr.
Dealings in bonds were not large and the
markft «a? lrreguiar. Total sales, pax value,
$l,7io.00". I'r.ltel States new 3s coupon advanced
H; o"u registered, eld 4s and ss. «4. and the new
4s coupon »» la the bid pnee.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sharea Closing
Sold Stocks — Bjj
S.OOO Atchison yj\ !
20.1J0 Atohlton prefd ' 61' i
1.458 Baltimore & Ohio ; t:\
5»'«0 Canadian Pacific jj^
L4OU Canada Southern 45
10.C10 Ohefcai*ake it Ohio Jo*^
S 225 Chicago Great Western 12%
14,550 4/liicufto Burlington & Qulncy 123%
410 Chicago Ind &. Louis i 6- 4
109 Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 47^
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 85
1,100 Chicago & Northwestern 162% j
4.H8 Chlccgo Uock Island & Pacific IC6\ !
10,500 c C U & !<t Louis 63*» i
C5O Colorado Southern b% '
SlO Colorado Southern Ist prefd 40% j
Colorado Southern 20 prefd 14',
1.400 DHav/are & llud«,n 116%!
2,440 l>*laware Lsu ktr.vanna &. Western.. 17S 5 » j
£00 Denver & Ulo Grande ISV*
£*>) Denver &. Rio Grande prefd 70% '
Erie 11 I
t€oo Erie Ist prefd 3;% I
L 2*» Great Northern prefd..., 172
- Hocking Coal i6Vi
Hocking Valley 32
700 Illinois Central 112^
600 lowa Central 12
100 l&wa Cential prefd 6U I
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 7% I
l,40« I,ake Erie & Western 24Vi I
.100 Luke Erie & Western prefd S4 -
-'-ik- Shore 197
20.C50 Louisville & Nashville 79
1,037 Manhattan L 96^i
J.C25 Metropolitan Street Railway 176%
1.C22 Mexican Central ny
100 Minn & St Louis 59^
Minn & St Louis prefd 80
2SO Missouri Pacific 41^4
Mobile & Ohio S9i A
2.0C0 Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
Missouri Kansas 4- Texas prefd 32%
N«-w Jersey Central 117
25.570 New York Central 136
5.65U Norfolk &. Western 2Hi
1.075 Norfolk & Western prefd 65%
B.SM) Northern Pacific 12^
2. US Northern Pacific prefd 72*4
2,600 Ontario & Western 22
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
17.040 Pennsylvania 13"'%
1.2fi0 Reading \v,
4.4T.0 Heading lft prefd r,2'i
400 Reading 2d prefd J>7v»
Rio Grande Western 35
Rio Grande Western prefd H
250 Ft Ixm'.s & Sun Fran sv,
tit Louis &. Pan Fran Ist prefd 6S
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32>4
200 St Louis Southwestern iiji, 4
IOU St Louis Southwestern prefd 2*1%
9.45n Pt Paul H7«
100 Pt Paul prefd 172
100 St Paul & Omaha 115
25.c50 tV)uthern Pacific 37»i
l.Oin Southern Railway \l%
3.530 Soutltsm Railway prefd J3y,
1,0(0 Texas & Pacific 15%
B.KS Union Paclflo 46%
5,24" Union Pacific prefd 74* i
200 Waba*h 7S
1.420 Wabash prefd 20V
4.500 Wheeling & Lake Erie SH
€10 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 27*
1,21/9 WlHconsin Central to
Uxprej-s Companies —
Adams 11l
American 142
I'nlted States 43
Wells Fargo lio
Miscellaneous
450 American Onton Oil J3H
American Cotton Oil prefd SO
American Malting 7
100 American Malting prefd 30
1.700 An Smelting & Refining ZC\i
Soo Am Smelting & Refining prefd $8
American Sulrlts 214
American Spirits prefd 17
500 American Steel Hoop 45«4
AmerUan Steel Hoop prefd 81
P'M5O American Fteel & Wire 4$H
:.i-00 Amf-ricnn Stpfl i. Wire prefd M)\
.220 American Tin Plate 32%
]'») American Tin Plate prefd SO%
36,293 American Tobacco 103%
American Tobacco prefd 135
2/15 Ar.acnr.da Mining Co jj
2«.170 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71%
2.G'jO Colorado Fuel & Iron 43%
SMA Continental Tobacce 341^
1.210 Continental Tobacco prefd R7
10.420 Federal Steel 62\
L4SS Federal Steel prefd 74
CIO General Electric ]M
SSO Glucose Sura.- 60%
Glucose. Sugar prefd 95
700 International Paper 2i\
100 International Paper prefd 68
Laciede Oas $0
1,020 National Biscuit „. 86%
National Blwutt prefd SI
400 National Lead 26^
200 National Lead prefd 10S
400 National Bteel 44U
230 National Steel prefd 92
110 New York Air Brake 130
7,000 North American ir.«4
Pacific Coast 52
ifM) Pacific Coa« Ist prefd 85
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65%
8,e»0 Pacific Mail 45»i
W. 474 People's Gas \oi\
712 Pressed Steel Car ~~ 66%
New York Grain and Produce.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 $zu
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SSy.
Sterling Cables _ 4 89 5
New York Exchange, sight — 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 6J T 4
Mexican Dollars — 4ji^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Exports from this port In Decem
ber were 459,192 ctls, valued at $473,183, making
total exports for the first six months of the
crop year of 1.875.547 ctls, valued at $2,005,256.
The Hougomont takes for Cork 87,101 ctls,
valued at $55,190.
Spot quotations are advanced a fraction un
der a good shipping demand. Futures are un
changed.
Liverpool and Paris were lower. The Cincin
nati Price Current reports the condition of
winter wheat favorable, except In Ohio and
Indiana.
The Chicago market was dull and feature
less, with local scalping, but rallied somewhat
at the. close, owing to the strength- in Pro
visions.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 98\c®$l; milling.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal session— 9:ls o. "clock— December—
4000 ctls $1 03' i. May— l4,ooo, $1 05; 4000, $1 05%.
Second Session— 6ooo ctls, $1 05%.
Regular Morning Session— May— l2,ooo ctls,
$1 05%; 6000, $1 05H.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— Some sales of Feed are being made
at full figures, and the market Is firm, but not
active.
Feed. 72%ig75c for No. 1 ar.d 60Q700 for off
grades: Brewing and shipping grades, Sog:S7%c;
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— looo ctls,
70\ic; 2000 70Hc
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Arrivals from the North continue
free, but most of them are sold to arrive. The
market fhoivs no change. White. $1 1031 30;
Red, $1 07H®l 20; Gray, $1 07H@l 17%: Black,
»7 l ac@sl 07H.
CORN-EaMern White Is quoted at 97V»c@
$1 0214 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 05®
107%; mixed, 9"i%c<iJsl 02%.
RYE— sl®l 05 per ctl.«
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, ?3 40<g3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4003 50 per bbl for extra.
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25<g3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In na<ks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal. $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, %Z 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4^4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6@7 25; in sacks. $5 70®7;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas.
$5 E0 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Quotations for all descriptions remain sta
tlonary. The demand Is not active.
BRAN— SI 2 50©13 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$17©20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $1S 50ff17 B0
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
Securities were unusually quiet on the morn-
Ing session. Gas & Electric was weaker at
$49 E0049 124 and Contra Costa Water at $74 75.
There were no transactlpns In sugar stocks.
In the afternoon there was more business.
The sugar stocks were weak as a rule, Paauhau
selling down to $2S, Onomea to $2S 50, Hawaiian
to $S7 50 and Hutchlnson to $26. Makawell.
however, was stronger at $44 50. Oceanic ad
vanced to $93 50.
The Justice Mining Company has levied an
assessment of sc.
The Alaska Paokera" Association has de
clared its seventy-third dividend of 75 cents per
share, amounting- to $3«.(>co. payable on the 12th.
The annual meeting will occur on the 9th.
The Italian-American Fank of this city is
now paying a quarterly dividend for Decem
ber 31 at the rate of fi per cent r^r annum.
The report of the Alaska Treadwell Mining
Company for December shows that 540 stamps
crushed 52.175 tons of ore of an average value
cf $1 94 per ton, yielding $66,000 and 955 tons
sulphurets of a value of $27.5&5. The gross re
ceipts for the month were $101,157. while the
expenses were $32,656.
The Honokaa Sugar Company paid a dividend
of 35 cents per mare on the 3«1.
The Stockton Gas and Electric Company paid
a dividend of 3. T > cents r.er share for the last
quarter of ISW) on the 2d.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Hana Plantation ' 53
50 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 60
100 Paauhau Sugar Co. c 90 28 59
10>) S F Gas <fc Electric, s 90 43 50
25 Market-st Railway el 60
10 8 V Water 94 12« i
150 Vigorlt Powder 3 25
ICO Vlgorit Powder 3 J7^
Board—
20 Contra Costa "Water 74 75
10 Contra Costa Water 74 50
15 Contra Costa Water 74 62V4
IW> Equitable Gas 6 12Vt
25 Giant Powder 93 50
10 Giant Powder 93 25
20 Oakland Gas 45 00
BO Paauhau Sugar Co 23 75
20 B V Water 92 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE
Mornins Session.
Board —
200 Barker Ranch 1 IS
1000 Century OH Co 7o
200 Anaconda Oil Co 150
Afternoon Secston.
Board—
200 Anaconda Oil Co 160
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
700 Dominion 40
900 Dominion 4;,
50 National • 62.i
Afternoon Session.
Board —
900 Dominion 40
1000 Dominion 45
100 Home Oil Co 3 95
Street—
400 Caribou 1 05
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
f 0 Alta 04 400 Mexican M
6'JO Belcher 10 ICO Potosi 21
100 Chollar is ' If/) Savage 03
100 Con Cal & Va..l 40; 300 Utah 04
100 Crown Point... 15|
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 03, SCO Crown Point... IS
50 Belcher 13 100 Mexican 30
300 Best & Belcher 23 s<*) Mexican 31
100 Caledonia 431 600 Ophlr 69
50 Challenge 11', 100 Overman 11
100 Chollar 18| 100 Sierra Nevada. 41
400 Con Cal & Va..l 45, 2uo Union Con U
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 11 1 600 Savage "CS
300 Bullion 041 200 Sierra Nevada. 41
ICO Mexican 311
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes n> 300 Gould & Curry. 23
200 Belcher IO 1 700 Mexican 23
300 Best & Belcher 24' 150 Mexican 23
2«0 Best &. Belcher 23! 2CO Occidental 19
200 Best & Belcher 22 200 Savage o»
200 Caledonia 44 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 42
800 Chollar 18 SCO Carters G M C. 60
100 Crown Point... 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Jan. *— 4 p. m.
.* . Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Kentuck — 02
Alta _ #4 Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 11 12iMexican 30 Jl
Belcher 12 13 Occidental 17 19
Best & Belcher 21 22 Ophlr 63 69
Bunion 03 04 Overman 10 11
Caledonia 43 — iPotosl 20 22
Chollar 18 19,8 avar» 08 10
Challenge Con. 11 12 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 61 65Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 45' Sierra Nevada. 41 42
Con Imperial... — 0l| Silver Hill — 03
Con New York. — C4iSt Louis — C 8
Crown Point... 12 14 Standard 250 —
Exchequer 01 01 Syndicate — C 5
Gould & Curry. 21 23) Union Con 25 27
Hale & N0r.... 30 — ,Utah 03 04
Julia — 02| Yellow Jacket. 23 23
Justice 03 05
FRIDAY. JANUARY 5
Chicago Grain Market.
Silzrr a fraction firmer.
Securities quiet.
JVhcat advanced a fraction. Barley firm.
No change in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Beans and Hay dull and easy.
Sweet Potatoes continue to advance.
Vegetables still in excessive supply and weak.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs weakening.
Nine cars of Eastern Poultry thus far this week.
Game rather firmer.
Apples in better demand. Oranges and Lemons quiet.
Provisions stronger in Chicago, but quiet here.
Cannel Ccal higher and all Coal scarce.
Decreased coinage of the local Mint.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrocraphic Office. U ! 3 N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, cat..
TnTume'ball l^- the tower ftt^n^wr^T
building was dropped *t«« rt »J«? *£ at 1
i c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at J
o'clock p. ra.. Greenwich tirne^ CAUnJWp
Lieutenant Commander. U." S.*N.. In charge.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— FLOUR-Recelpts.
10,232 barrels; exports, 5277 barrels. Market
steady and moderately active. Buyers still
held out for concessions and are only supplying
WHEAT— Receipts. 74.500 bushels; exports,
103,058 bushels. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, 754 c
f. o. b. afloat, prompt; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
79 v «c f. o. b. afloat, prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth!
Sl^e f. o. b. afloat, prompt: No. 2 red. 734 c
f. o. b. afloat. Options— Opened steady and un
changed, but eased off a little In consequence
of decided weaknewi abroad. At the break,
however, good buying appeared and rallied
prices In the afternoon, helped by unconfirmed
rumors of fair export business. Closed steady
at unchanged prices; March, 76 9-16g>75 15-16e
closed 75T»c; May, 7r.«f75 5-16 c, closed 75Vic; July'
WOOL— Dull
COFFEE— Market closed steady, with De
cember 5 points lower and other months un
changed to 5 points higher. Total sales, 25.500
bags, including: January, $6 25; March, $6 35-
May, J6 45Q6 50; July, $6 60; September, $6 Corn)
6 70; October, $6 70; December, $6 8006 85 Spot—
Rio. firm. Mild— Market firm.
SUGAR— Raw, steady to firm. Refined-
Steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3228 packages. Firm-
June creamery. 22^270; Western, 24529 c; fac
tory 16Q22c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8445 packages. Firm; West
ern ungraded at mark, 16@23c; Western. 25c
loss off.
DRIED FRUITS
Evaporated apples moderately active and
steady for choice, but other grades ruled slow
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common*
6%c; prime, Cfi®7c; choice, 7%@B'ic; fancy
?4QSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34<g8e per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Royal, 13^15c; Moorpark, 15«lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20©220; unpeeied. 74fil0c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— While there was no
marked price change In the local metal market
several departments reflected easiness under
rather urgent offerings and sluggish demand,
supplemented by disappointing news from out
side points. Tin lost considerable of the gain
scored yesterday; lead held steady. At the close
the Metal Exchcance called:
PIG IRON— Warrants quiet.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $16 SO
TlN— Easy at $25 65525 70.
LEAD— Steady at $4 70® 4 75.
SPELTER— Easy at $4 40@4 45.'
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 374616 SO.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 4.— CATTLE— Good to choice
native and Texas steers strong to 10c higher;
others steady; cow market firm and active;
canners strong; feeders firm. Good to choice.
$5 40^6 60; poor to medium, $4 3065 20; mixed
atockers, $393 SO; aelected feeders, f4 25{?4 90;
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary F. Murphy to Mary S. Murphy, lot on
W line of Lasruna street. 62:6 S of Page. S 23
by W 87:8; $2500.
John J. Brady to Domenlco Casassa, lot on
S line of O'Farrell street. 152 W of Laguna,
W 23 by S 120: $10.
Ellen Galvln to Bridget M. McCarthy. Cath
erine A. Rivers (wife of Thomas W.) and Jere
miah J. Galvin. lot on S line of Sutler street.
57:6 E cf Scott. E 25 by S 137:6: gift.
Sophie Federleln to Mary E. Kohnke (wlf»
of P. F.). lot on S line of Oak street. 158:3 B
of Shrader, E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Samuel R. and Maria L. Dolllver to Lillian
M. D. Byington. lot on E lm» of Ashbury
street. 176:6 N of Frederick, N 25 by E 106:3;
$10.
EUllda J. Mlddleton to James F. Norton, lot
on 8 line of Seventeenth street. 43 E of Shot
well, E 24 by S 100; $10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Philip
J. Haver, lot on NW corner of Twentieth and
Guerrero streets. N 76:6 by W 104:10; $7200.
George Schuerg to George H. and Emma M.
Schuerg and Bertha L. Thompson, lot on N
line of Twenty-fourth street. 60 E of Harrison
E 25 by N 104; Klft.
George W. O'Donnell to Elizabeth O'Donnell.
lot on W line of Hampshire street. 140 S of
Twenty-fifth, S 30 by W 100; also lot on W line
of Hampshire street. 115 S of Twenty-fifth, 3
25 by W 100: also lot on E line of Bourbln
street, 125 S of Ellist, E 90 by 8 23: $25.
John D. Kottinger, Frances or Jane Ceilings
(by H. M. Covert, commissioner) to Lillle J.
Martin, lot on W line of Diamond street. 310
S of Twenty-first, S 50 by W 115: $700.
John E. Morlarty to Security Loan Associa
tion, lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street. 145
E of Fountain. E 25 by S 120; $10.
Clementine E. D. Taylor to Alois and Her
mina Lauten. lot on N line of Bernard street,
6S E of I^eavenworth. X 23 by N 60; $10.
Bertha Cohn to Frederick L. and Rose L.
PrltchanJ. lot on N line of Turk street. 112:8
E of Leavenworth. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Mary Farren to Mary A. Farrell. lot on NTT
line of Pern- street, 275 NE of Fifth. NE 25
by NAY 7i: Klft.
Tallant Banking Company fa corporation) to
Henry E. Monroe, lot on NW line of Mission
street. ISS SW of Sixth. SW 25 by NW S5: $10.
Jeremiah Firn to Mary J. Dowdall (wife of
William P.). Emma J. Coret. Delia Treacy
(wife of T. E.). Agnes Roser (wife of A. L.)
and Fannie H. Edmondson (wife of John L.).
lot on N corner of Boyd and Chesley streets.
NW 60 by NE 69: also lot on S comer of Boyd
and Chesley streets. SW 60 by SE 40; also lot
on NE line of Sixth street. 255 NW of Bran
nan, NW 20 by IGS; gift.
George F. Lyon to Patrick and Elizabeth
Gllgun, lot on E line of Utah street. 1272 N
of Nineteenth (Buttel. N 26 by E 100; $10.
Richard and Elizabeth Fahy to J. H. Kruse.
lot on W line of Fourth avenue. 325 S of Lake
street. S 25 l>y W 120; $1000.
Jacob and Llna Herman to EuDhemla Yun
ker, lot on E line of London street. 200 S of
Persia, S 25 by E 100. block 11. Excelsior Home
stead; flO.
Antonio and Anna Gagliano to Jean Eacloae*
lot on NE line of Harrington street. 100 NW of
Mission. NW 25 by NE 100. Academy Tract
s6oo.
John L. McLaughltn to Annie Dean (wife of
William E.). lot on SW corner of Chenery and
Falrmount streets, W 112 by 8 30, block 15
Falrmount; also lot on SK line of Chenery
street. 1:0 SW of Charles. SW 50 by SE 100
block 16. game; jtlft.
William C Zimmerman to Kate Ryan lots
1350 and 1331. Gift Map 2: $10.
Alameda County.
C. W. and L. F. Wlthrow to Hcme Building
Company <a corporation) of San Francisco lot
4. block E. Golden Gate Avenue Tract Oak
land; $10.
E. L. Rugg to Emma S. Rtigg. lot on NW
line of Eleventh avenue. 675 NE of Fast
Twenty-fourth «treet (formerly Abell street)
NE 37:fi by NW ISO, East Oakland; gift
David S. and Jane Pmalley to Charles Slaiky
lot on W line of Spaulrtlngr avenue. 502 2 S of
Addl!>on street. N 20n.~W 129.15. S 200. c 123 °5
to beginning, being lots 12. 13. I<> and portion of
lot 9. block 2, same tract. Berkeley; grant.
Andrew F. Magrane to Carel Johnson lot 1»
of reFubdlvislon or lots 12. 13. 29 and 30. Kings
land Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Julius A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to Samuel
McHenry. lot on E line of Mastlck court. 225 S
of Railroad avenue. S 50 by E 65. Alameda; $10
John T. and K. B. Hall to Louise P. Thomas."
lot on W line *r>f Arbor street. 151.97 N of Pa
cific avenue. N 50. W 116.33. S 50. E 94.20 to
beginning, being lots 9 and 10, block C, Fitch
Tract, Alameda; $10.
Susan Rose to Ernest S. Angel, lot on N line
of Second street. 100 E of J. E 50 by N 150. being
lots 23 and 24. block fi6. on Official Map of Town
of Nlles, filed December 31. ISBB, Washington
Township; $10.
Shipping Intelligence.
Foreign Futures.
TO ARRIVE.
EASTERN MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. January A.
Stmr Lalcme. Schage. S4 days from Tacoma,
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard. 7 days from, Colum
bia River.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson. 41 hours from Baa
Pedro, via Port Loe Angeles.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. 34 days from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. IS hours front Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. S days from Quarter
masters Harbor, via Heah Bay B days.
Stmr E'.ihu Thomson. Whitney. 7 day* front
Seattle.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. «1 hoars from Coo«
Bay.
Stmr Point Arena, Eansen. IS hoars from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Jessen. t> honra frora
Coos- Bay.
Stmr South Portland, Hall. ( daya frota
Oyster Bay.
Stmr Jeanle, Mason. 13$ hours front Ana
cortes.
Btmr Gipsy. Leland, 20 hours from Monterey.
Schr Stella. Krebs. 18 days from Grays Har
bor.
CLEARED.
Thursday. January 4.
Stmr Pomona, Paraons. Eureka; Goodall
Perkins & Co
Haw bark Santiago, Engalls. Honolulu; J I>
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Echr Anna, Priellberr. Unga; Alaska Cbm
merdal Company.
SAILED.
Thursday. January 4
Stmr P*u!ton. Levinson. Eureka.
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup. Tacom*.
Btmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, .
Stmr Despatch. Johnson. .
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Br stmr Sikh, Rowley, Hongkong, via Ta
corr.a.
Br ship Montgomeryshire. ISdwar&s, Queens
town.
Br shli> Hougotnoct. Lowe. Queenstown
Bark Oakland. Aackerman. Everett.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. Blhlers Point.
Schr Mary C, Madsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Ocean Spray. Larsen. Iversens Land'.nc
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Repeat. Otsen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Blhlers Point.
Schr Western Home. Daeeritz. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LDBOS. Jan 4. in j> m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW. velocity 12 miles.
MISCELLA NEOUS.
LONDON. Jan 4— Br bark Musselcrag. from
Antwerp for San Francisco, signaled Cap*
Otway. Australia, that she had lost some sails
bulwarks ;-tove and decks swept; wished to b*
reported all well.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 4— Btmr Alca
traz. hence Jan 3.
Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Alcatras. for San Fran
cisco.
REDONDO— Arrived Jaa 4— Stmr Newsboy
hence Jan 1.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Cleone. hence
Jan 3.
BANDON— Arrived Jan 4— Scar Joseoh and
Henry, hence Dec 30. " * aa
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 4— Xor
stmr Tltania. from Nanalmo.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 4— Strar Sequoia,
hence Jan 3; schr Barbara Hernster. henca
Jan 1.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Admiral
from Coos Bay. '
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Samoa, henc*
Jan 2.
Sailed Jan 4— Schr E-ra. fer Hllo; stmr Rr>m«r
for .San Francisco. '
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 4 — Ger ship Kerens
from Kiachau.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Jaa 4-Schr Maggie C
Russ. from Olympta. •
Sailed Jan 4— Stmr San Pedra. for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 4— Strars Dlrtgo an<t
Towr.send. from Rk.iguay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 4— Schr
John D Tallart. hence Dec 19. for Port Gam
ble; scfcr Wni Renton. hence Dec 21. for Ta
com»; schr Joseph Russ. from San Pedro
PORT HADLOCK-Arrived Jan 4— Bktn J M
Griffith, hence Dec I«.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Wm
Renton. hence Dec 21. for Tacoma
NEW WHATrOIT- Arrived Jan 4-Schr Mall
of Orleans, hence Dec 20.
SALMON PAY— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Ll«!,»
Vance, from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Wm Renton
hence Dec 21. Jan 3— Schr Alcalde, hence Deo
"SHOALWATER BAY— Arrived Jan 1— Schr
Beulah. hence Dec 23. scnr
FOREIGN TOIIT3.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan 3— Br shin Xii
raory. from Oregon. «jj-
SH I ELDS— Arrived Jan I— Br shlD Talus, hna
YOKOHAMA— SaiI*d Jan J— Br stmr Mon
mouthnhtre. for Portland. Moa "
MANILA— Arrived Jan 4— Bktn W11H» r
Hume, from Port Blakeley. ""«• R
Charters.
Tts« Jobs O. North loafs merchandise for
Bonotpc: B. Jf. Castle, merchandise for Hcr.o-
Th« Eeb* daufilr.a loafis reijwoc<l at Eureka
Tor Kahulul; Hawaiian Isles, coal at Comox
for Escta IVwa'.la.
Wheat charters for Europe prior to arrival
are the Cassard and Norrr.anilie, 22s 63; Crown
ef Denmark, ir*.
Receipts of Coal.
P-ec«lrt* of er-al at thi» t>ort In 1?99 -were
L 447.C00 tons, agair.st 1.4J5."T6 tons In IESS. the
leading descriptions beins as follows: Puget
Round. 625,300 toni<; Australia, 140,087 tons, and
British Columbia, 437,452 tons.
Coinage of the Mint.
The ectr.age of the local Mint In December
was K.Sa,OOQ, agalr.st $:0.0e2.000 In December.
li?S. and ccr.sifi'ed of $3,^<l.C<:o In double eagles,
$3,275,000 in ea^.es. $^2.C^O In half-dollars, SSooo
In quarter-doliars and $11,000 In dimes. The
coinage for the year IPS was $60,109,955. agatnst
$«.e:s.9S: in :W. and consisted of $40.20«.00<t !n
double eagles. $8,419.0"') In eagles. J7.725.000 in
half-eagles. }2.1«2.OO0 In dollars. $S43.2i'"fl in half
dollars.. $177,000 In quarter-dollars and 81&G.749
in dimes.
The Recent Drop in Wall Street.
Henry Clew*' circular sa.7*. under date of
New York. December 30:
"TT.e fQua;! in Wall street has com* and
pone and the atmosphere is rauch the clearer
for Jt. It marked the culmination of a long
period of liquidation, which bejran with the death.
*~f ex-Governor Flower. His decease deprived
the market of Its most magnetic ani aggrc-s
eive leader; and, while many stocks reached
their highest figures subsequently, yet the bull
market then rf<-elve<J its first serious setback
er.ij the uimard rr.ox-etner.t cf prices thence
forth became mere erratic and less pronounced.
Speculation for the rise, however, continued
¦with more cr lets vigor; particularly in th«
Industrial, until checked by the pinch in
the money market, which resulted in last
week"* janlc. The effect of that liquidation
:t best seer. In the following comparison of
the fc'.gtest prices of the rear compared with
the lowest December U:
RAILROADS
Hlghert Lowest
I*?*. Dec. IR. De"Cne.
Atchison preM 6MI 58 12 7 »
Baltimore ar.d Ohio prfd. 554 67% 17«»
Brooklyn Rarid Transit.. 137 C 54 614
Canadian Pacific S*4 ti'% 10H
Central of N>- Jersey.... :26*» lIS 13H
Chea*ajeake and Ohio 2! T » 25 6%
<"hicago Bur. and Quincy. 141«4 HCii 22%
Chicago. Mil. arid St. Paul 13C4 112 244
Chicago ei<l N.rthwest.. 17S 14S 25
Chicago. R. I an.; Pacific U2H I<W 224
Delaware. Lack, end We«t i*« 4 171 234
Illinois Central 222 1064 ll\
Louisville and Nashville.. B^4 734 15
Mar.ha.ttan 1534 874 46
Metropolitan !".:< 147 122
lliMourt Pacific r,24 Sf.4 17
New York Central 144% 12l> 24
Norfolk end Wertera.... 2?"» 20 »«»
Northern Pacifi.- £74 474 10VJ
Pennsylvania 142 127 15
ficuthern Pacific 444 80% 14
Union Pacific M 4 404 U
Wabash prfd K4 »4 C%
INDUSTRIALS.
Higher Lowest
US*. Dec. 18. Decline.
Air.-r. Car «r.<J Foundry.. 21% "4 U»H
American Cotton Oil <6 SO «
Arr.er. S and Refining... 60 SI 28
American 6t-el Hcop « 5 H « I<>H
American and Wire. 72 32 40
American Sugar Refining. I^2 120 €2
American Tin Piste 52% 24 K»«.
•American Tobacco 2294 7SH 151
Consolidated Oas 223^ 1« £¦'¦'»
C' ntirental Tobacco 6a'» 20 45-»
Federal Steel 75 3C-% ?•»<?
Oeneral Electric 132 110 22
J<«t»or.al Lead 404 23 174
National Steel 63 33 20
Peoples Gas 12?4 »%>
Republic Iron and Eteel... S3* :fv*» J7'4
Tennessee CosJ tr-d Iron.. 126 64 , CJ
U. S. Flour Milling prefd 784 12 C€ 4
I'r.iteft Hts:>s Leather 40** 10% 20 1 *
United States Rubber.... 67 2SV* I*%
•Stock dividend 100 per cent paid In May.
"Prices touched a rtlll lower level on Friday.
December 22. but the panic was at its worst
December 16. The declines were much the roont
eevere In the Industrial*, not only In points,
but proportionaiely.
•"The mor.teary Fltuatlon is much Improved.
Preparation? for January difbursements. which
¦will reach considerably over the usual $110,
4-/.r,_iyiO t were safely passed. Much relief has
been afforded by Secretary Gage's efforts to
counter-art the effect of Treasury operations,
Wtdcb were taking millions out of circulation
and encouraging par.ie by contraction at a
time when expansion was mo»t urgent. Cur
rency will now b»g'.n to return fn.m the In
terior with growing freedom. There Is no fear
of a fcsrcity of gold, the world's production
r-.r c on at a rate which renders the tem
y>orary rtoipajre of Transvaal supplies a mat
ter of Tio perlocs Importance. V» hat the re
quirements "f Europe will l>» and how murh
fold we fhsll export It Is Impossible to Bay.
Murh der^nr's upon Otm eooma of the Trans
vaal *er, wr.ioh ts likely to he of longer dura
tion than at first exper;ed. For »r>me time to
come the m^ney market Is n^t likely to be a
beer factor :n Ftocks. Ar tMs was the chief
c*u!«e r.f December's break, the outlook has
Improved Just in proportion as monetary dif
ficulties have disappeared."
Weather Report.
CTOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 4. 5 p. ra.
Th« follow'.r.s are the seasonal rair.fa.Us to
4ate an rorr-rerel with these of name date latt
•eason and rainfalls in lust I' 4 hours:
L»« This" .Last
6t«tion»— 14 hours, seanon. eeason.
Kureka 00 IJ.O*
n«l iiluff C 2 12.«( B.ST
facramtnto 02 12.67 6.21
Fan FrenCxco 00 13.48 4.72
Frf-t-no M «.«! . 2.61
OS J.OS 0.70
Pan Luis <rtj:spo Trae* 12. « J.BJ
Los Ar.gele* Trao« 4.M «.%(
Fan Diego If 2.C1 I.&J
Yuma OS C.« l.«
San Franc) pro data— Maximum temperature,
64; minlmuax 48; mean. 81.; ,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly from Cape
Mend>>cln(» to Cape Disappointment. A storm
ap;#ors to be arproachlr.g the coast of Oregon
and Northern California. Cioudy weather pre
vails over the entire Pacific *l(K>e. and rain is
beginning to fall over Northern V.'a«h!ngtcn.
The temj#ratures have remained nearly sta
tionary over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains.
The following river data shows that the crest
of the !.i£h water Is passing down the valley
and that the <!ar.ger !s p«6t at upper river sta
tions: Coluea. 2C3 feet, maximum stage
reached 26 5 feet; Tehama. 10.8 feet; Marys
vllle. IC.S feet: SacranMKito. 24.5 feet and rls-
Ibst; San Joaquin bridge, 13 feet and rising.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 cours
ending midnixfct January 6. 1W0:
Northern California— -Cloudy Friday, prob
«i>]y rain; brisk to high southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; unset
tled Friday nlpht: eoutherly winds,
Neva/la—Cloudy Friday.
Utah— Clo'jflr Friday.
Arizona.— Cloudy Frtflar-
Eaa Frascisco and vlcixJty— Cloudy Friday.
orobably rain; brisk to high southeasterly
w!»ls. ALEXANDER G. McADIEJ,
Foecast Official.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.— Under the first shock of
large hog receipts and lower prices at the
yards the provision market weakened at the
opening. The losses were speedily regained.
The demand was good early and improved as
the session progressed, but holders were coy
and bids were constantly raised. May pork
closed 22V4#25c higher. May lard 24@5c up
at $6 024Q6 05; May ribs lac over yesterday.
Wheat was dull and heavy, lower cables and
the good Argentine crop news being depressing
factors. The decline was not Important, how
ever. May opened He down at r,9^@«9%c. sold
down to 69H069UC. rallied on buying against
puts and on a little buying influenced by the
strength of provisions touching 69?i"je;) 7 ic, and
eased off, closing Hfj)'4c under yesterday at
69% c.
Corn early was Inclined to be easy on some
what freeer country offerings, but the strength
of the provisions turned the scale and the close
was rather firm.
There was a large trade done In oats to
day. May closed firm a shade over yesterday
at 24c.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 86
100 Pullman Palace Car IS7
30(i Standard Rope & Twine 9U
119,325 Sugar 5337,,
Sugar prefd .'.1114
2,900 TenneFß<*e Coal & Iron 86
25.550 United States Leather 16%
. 1.480 United States Leather prefd 7d»»
1,000 United States Rubber.: 42"
ICO United States Rubber prefd 104
1.277 Western Union SGVi
1,480 Republic Iron & Steel Co 22H
6CO Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 66
P C C & St Louis 794
CLOSING BONDS.
U S.2a reg 1034 1N J Cent gen 55.. ..118
L Su s res 109 V N Carolina 6s 127
L S3 3s coup HUV^IN Carolina 4s 106
U S new 4s reg....194'.»iN Pacific lsts 110
U S new 4a coup..l24HJN Pacific 3s 65%
U S old 4s reg 114*4 1N Pacific 4s 103
U S old 4s coup....ll4H|N V C & S L 45...104H
L S 5s reg 11314 x & W con 4s 92V»
U S 6s coup US$4 N & W een 65. ...129
Dls of Col 3.65s 119 Or Nay lsts 110
Atchison gen 4s 89 Or Nay 4s 101
Atchison adj 45... 79«4|0r Short Line 65.. .150
Canada So 2ds 108 .Or S Line con 35. .112%
Ches & Ohio 4145.. 96<4 ! Reading Gen 45.... S4
Ches & Ohio 55....U54iR G W lsta 94%
C & NW con 75... .139 j 6 L & I M con 6s.llOVi
C & NWSF deb 65.1»«4 S L & S F gen 65. 120
Chicago Term 45.. BKilSt Paul cons 167
D & Ji G lsts 101%! S P C & P 15t5....H6«4
P X- R G 4s 96H 6 P C & P 5s 117H
E Term, Va&Qsts... 103 So Railway as 106%
Erie Gen 45.., 67 Stand R& T 65.... 81
FW& D C lets... 74 Term new set 35.... 93
Gen Electric 5b 119 Tex & Pac 15t5....111i4
OH&8 A 6s 108 Tex & Pac 2ds 54
GII& S A 2d5....105 Union Pacific 45...102»4
H & T C Es 103% Wabash lsts 113H
H4TC con 65. ..111* Wabash 2ds 100
lowa Central lsts.llo West Shore 4s llOi*
KCP & G lets.... 68 Wls Cent lsts 89
La new cons 45....106Vi' Va Centuries 83
L & N Unl 4s 97H'Va deferred 6
M X & T 2ds 6S'4lColo Southern 45... 52"4
M X A T 4s S9^;so Pacific 4s SIVi
N V Central Ist*... 109 ' '
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 16jOntario 7 BO
Crown Point 09!Ophlr 60
Con Cal & Va 1 25! Plymouth 08
Deadwood 60 1 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 21 { Quicksilver prefd.. 8 00
Hale & Norcross.. 341 Sierra Nevada .... 85
Homestake 85 00 Standard 2 40
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 21
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket 17
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money — IWestingh Elec prfc £0
Call loans 6@7'Wls Central 20
Time loans s^"! Dominion Coal 44^
Stocks— I do prefd 115
Atchison 19«4| Bonds
do prefd Gl l i! Atchison 4s 98
Am Sugar 33 r »; Mining shares —
do pr*fd 1H I*; Adventure1 *; Adventure 6U
Bell Telephone 342.»: Allouez Mm Co 3
Boston & Albany. .244 jAtlar.tlc M
Boston Klavated... 9S Boston & Mont 28
Boston & Maine — 201. I Butte & Boston... 60
C B & Q 122"4 Calumet & Helca.."o
Fitchburg prefd 123 .Centennial 18* i
Gen Elec 124 :Frankltn 14»1
do prefd 137 Humbiltd 1
Fed Steel 52^ i Osceola 73
do prefd 74' i Parrot 43 s !
Hex Central HVQunlcy ISO
Mich Telephone 100- (Santa Fe Copper.. 6*i
Old Dominion 21 Tamarack ISS
Rubber 41V4IWlnono 4%
Union Paclflo 4* r 4 : Wolvorlnes 41
fnlon Land Z ; Utah 19%
West End 9S I
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— Close: Money on call
steady at £26 per cent; last loan, E per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 6 per cent. Sterling
exchange firm with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 S7VJQ4 87»i for demand and at $4 S2*i
OH 83 for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 ssv.f
4 BStt. Comm-rcial bills. $4 81%@4 82>*. Silver
certificates, SSViSJS3&c. Bar silver. EB 7 ic Mex
ican dollars, 47Hc. Government bonds strong;
State bonds Inactive; railroad bonds firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cas"h balance, $251, 3(5,026; gold reserve,
$226,767,329.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Although closing above the worst, there was
general depression In the markets here to-day
on account of the position of the market, due
to the bad showing of the Berlin bank, show-
Ing a decrease of 8,000,000 marks In notes and
1,000,000 marks In cash. The German banks
have notified their customers that they must
reduce their speculative commitments and this
brought about forced sales all day, particularly
In the American department. A rumor from
Canada about a bank failure In Germany ap
pears to have no basis except the difficulties of
a private banker and broker. The depression
was Increased by the local loan Issue, alluded
to yeeterday, but apprehensions were dimin
ished by the publication of the Bank of Eng
land return for the week, showing an Increase
of £2.750.000 of bullion and reserve without any
increase in notes. Steady buying by New York
pwrtly counteracted the effect of the Berlin
sales of Americans, but failed to reassure Lon
don, which was also unsettled by manufactured
war rumors, such as that General Buller had
been defeated and that General Gatacre was
surrounded by Boer forces.
Paris was upset by the trouble in Berlin.
The bank bought £170,GC0 In .eagles and
£25,C00 gold In bars. At the same time £50,000
was withdrawn on the India currency account.
All gold arrivals are going to the bank.
Money was eaßy, call money at 3 per cent be
ing unlendable In the afternoon. All loans from
the bank to th« markets have been liquidated.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 4.— Canadian Pacific, 93:
Union Pacific preferred, 76; Northern Pacific
preferred. 74%; Atchison, Is%; Grand Trunk,
6*i; Anaconda. 8. Ear silver steady, 27 l-16d
l»?r ounce.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THE STOCK MARKET.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Tim** and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th« high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty -five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ts the same at both places.
good to choice cows. $3 6535: heifers. $3 50<g5:
canners, $2 25<33 10; bulls, $2 60@4 95; calves, $4®
4 70; Texas beeves, $4 10135 30.
HOGS— Averaged oc lower, closed firm: fair
clearance. Mixed and butchers'. $4 20@4 45;
good to choice heavy. $4 3G®4 40; rough. $4 10®
4 30; light. $4 15^4 37H; bulk of sales, $4 35@4 40.
SHEEP— Active, firm; lambs Btrong to 15c
higher; top, $S 25. Good clearances. Native
wethers. $4 40(g,5 5. r »; lambs, $4 50<i?6 26; wethers,
$4 25®4 75; Western lambs, $5 5006 10.
Receipts-Cattle,- 13,000; hogs, 48,000; sheep.
IS, OOO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26^27: Job
bing, $27 50@28; Cocoanut Cake. $20©21; Corn
meal. $23 60©24 50; Cracked Corn. JJ4tj2s; Mixed
Feed, $16 Eogl7; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 SO@S 50 for common to good
and's9@9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $i@9;
Oat. $6 50^8: Barley. $5@6 E0; Alfalfa, $5@3 per
ton; Compressed, $7@lo per ton.
STRAW— 3SSSOC per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull at the changes already
noted.
BEANS— Bayos, $3^3 25; small White. $2 75
©2 90; large white, $2 2032 50; pinks, $2 5052 65;
Reds. $3 25®3 .".0; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters, nom
inal; Lima. $4 9025; Pea, $2 90#3 10; Red Kid
neys, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3®3<4c: Yellow
Mustard, 4g4Vtc; Flax. $2 12'.»rt Canary. 3^c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
7(gSc; Rape. 2y.&3c; Hemp, 4@4Hc; Timothy,
4g4Vic
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50®l 90; Green, $1 75
02 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Sweet Potatoes advanced slightly again.
Vegetables were lower, supplies being out of
all proportion to the demand, and a large quan
tity was carried over.
POTATOES— EarIy Kose, Sj^SOc; River Reds.
CoW'^c: UurbanUs. .'oi/S."»c per sack; Salinas
Hurbanks. Jltffl 25: Ores*un Burbanks, Ssc®Jl 25;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 JOfjl 65 for Merced.
ONlONS— sltil -to per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. l@3c per lb:
String Beans, %/4c: Cabbatre. 4<MsBOc; Los An
geles Tomatoes, 25@75e: Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 10®12%c; Dried Okra, 12V4c per lb;
Garlic, CffßVic: Green Peppers from Los Ange
les. l',i<34c; Dried Peppers. 83-lOc; Carrots, JO®
40c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash. SOc
Qsl per box; Marrowfat Squash, Ji2<jlj per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Nine cars of Eastern have arrived thus far this
week, and some of this stock Is still unsold.
Prices show little change, however.
Game is firmer.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14®15e for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 15
®18c; Geese, per pair, $17602; Goslings, $175
62: Ducks, $4 ECtffS 50. for old and $4 bb<Qo 50 for
young; Hens, $4®5; Yourg Roosters, $505 50;
Old Roosters, H»4 50; Fryers, $5; Broilers,
$4 50@5 for large and $3 Co@4 for small; Pigeons,
$1 per dozen for old and $2 50@3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 50; Mallard. $3@4; Canvas
bark, $2&3; Sprig, $2@2 50; TeaL $1 50@l 75:
Widgeon. $1 50; Small Duck, $I®l 25: Doves, 50
©75c per dozen; Hare. $1 CO; Rabbits. $1 50tj2;
Gray Geese, $3@3 50; White. $1 25^1 SO; Brant,
$1 60@2 50; Honkers. $5; English Snipe, $2 60®
2 per dozen. Jack Snipe, $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are easing off with the pleasant weather.
Arrivals are somewhat larger; buyers are hold
ing off. and sellers are disposed to keep stock*
from accumulatir.x. Cheese Is easy at the de
cline already noted. There Is no change In But
ter.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, Me; seconds, 233
25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22®224c; good to choice, 19©
20c; common. 13017',ic.
Eastern— KfiflSc for ladle packed
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12e; old, ll'ic;
Young America, 121i®13c; Eastern, lS't'fJ
16c: Western, lSVi@l- r »c i«>r lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 2&g3oc for etore and 35®37c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold storage,
158719 c for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh,
22^ 20c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Rather more demand for Apples Is reported.
Oranges continue quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s(s 6-.e per box for common, 7Sc{?sl
for good. $1 25«1 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $4 50©7;
Coos Bay Cranberries, $1 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50<©2 25
per box; Seedlings, 65cig$l 25; Pomelos, $I@3;
Lemons, $I@l £0 for common and $2@!50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50: Califor
nia Limes, nominal; Bananas, $1 50@3 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50<§4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4%0 for
40-50's, 4©4Uc for 50-60's, lV*c for 60-70"s. 3Hc
for 70-80's. 8c for 80-90's and 2«ic for 90-100"a.
Auricots. ll(313c for Royals, 12%<516c for Moor
parks and 12©He for Blenheims; Peaches, 6©
5V4c for Standards, <@6Hc for choice and 7c for
fancy: peeled Peaches. 12'-4^lsc: Evaporated
Apples, 7®7»ic; Sun-dried. CtJIH. per lb; Necta
rines, B'/4®9c p*r lb for red; Pears. 6V4£Sc for
quarters and B®loc for halves: Black Figs. Z&
Sttc; White Figs. 406 c: Bleached Plums, 839 c;
Unbleached Plums, 7@7M:c for pitted and l^o
for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, lc. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c;
prime. Ec; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
CO-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6%c;
8-crown, 6\4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 SO per box; 3-crown. $l 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
Jn California.
N l TTS— Chestnuts. 8«10c; Walnuts. B©9c for
standards and 9ftlCe for shoftshell; Almonds,
llViiCl2c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
6c for hard shell; Peanuts, h\>Qs\c for Eastern
and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts. 7%@Sc; Fil
berts, 12®12%c; Pecans, H^Wc; Cocoanuts,
$4 50@6.
HONEY— Comb, 11%@12c for bright and 10%«?
lie for light amber: water white extracted. 7%
©Sc; light amber extracted, 6^@7c; dark, 5%c
BEESWAX— 24626c per lb.
Provisions.
Provisions were reported stronger tn Chicago,
with Increasing business, but this market
showed no change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9%e per lb for
hsavy, 9%c for light medium, 10Hc for light,
12% c fcr extra light and 130 for sugar-cured';
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12@11%c; California
Hams, nominal; Mesa Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13; Family. $14: extra Prime Pork, $14 50*
extra clear, $17 60; Mess, $16 50; smoked Beef
14@14%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for com
pound and 7%c for pure; half-barrels, pure Bc
10-lb tins, B%c: 5-lb tins, B«4c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7H@7«ic per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ll%c; medium, lie; light. 10'Jc; Cow
hides, lie; Stags. 7%c: Salted Kip. 10% c; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, round, lS<3lS%c; culls and
brands. 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry Calf.
20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20<335c each; short
Wool. 35@Wc each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool.
$I@l 25 each: Horse Hides salt. $2 251*2 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. BOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No 2
4c; refined, 6%.-;; grease, 2%c.
WOOL—
Fall cllo. San Joaquin plains, 9gloc- South
ern, 8i510c: Middle County. Higl3c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, lfiSl'c; Eastern Oregon. 13®16c-
Valley Oregon. IS® 2oc; Northern Mountain, free
ll»S14c; Northern Mountain, defective. lOQllc
per lb.
HOPS— 669c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7©7%c per lb for Steers and B%©7c
for Cows.
VE\L— ?-510c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7%e; ewes, J%S7c per
po-ind.
LAMB— B£B%e per lb
PORK— Live Hnrs. a\e for small, 6Hc for
medium and sViffs%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, &nJi;'.Uc; dressed Hogs, 7©S%c.
General Mercfiandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 73714 c; Wool
Bays. 2Si?3oe.
COAL— Canncl Is higher. Coal of all kinds Is
very acarce. Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
ton. $8; Southfteld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$7: Bryant. $7; Coos Bay. $5 iO; Walljend. $S;
Co-operative Wallscnd. $8; Scotch, ; Cum
berland. $10 In bo'k nml $11 SO In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton: Coke. US i>er ton 111 bulk and Jl7 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6Hc;
Powdered. 6*»c; Candy Granulated. sc; Dry
Granulated, 4?fcc: Confectioners" A, 4%c: Cali
fornia A. ; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c;
Golden C, t**c; barrels, 1-lCc more; half-bar
rels. He more; boxes, %c more; CO-lb bags, %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5Hc;
boxes. 5T»c ser lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 4.
Flour, qr sks.... 15.377 ' Hides, No 1144
Wheat, ctls 69.113' Pelts, bdls 360
Barley, ctls 1,390 Eggs, doz 5,100
Oats, ctls 700 Paper, rolls 3,564
Corn, East, ctls.. I.loo. Sugar, bbls 41s
Corn, ctls 620 Sugar, sks 1,600
Butter, ctls 298 * Wool. . bags 73
Cheese, ctls ISS.Hay, tons 208
Tallow, ctls 262 Straw, tons 10
Quicksilver, flsks 78 Beans, sks 1,100
Brandy, gals 29.500 Potatoes, sks 547
Wine, gals "5,500 Bran, sks 2,755
Leather, r0115.... 263 Middlings, ska... 707
OREGON
Flour, qr ska.... 1,060 Potatoes, 5k5..... 43
WASHINGTON
Flour, ar ska.... 4.592i0ata, ctls 16.030
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
scccnu time column gives the second tide • *
the day. the third time column the third tide
•nd the last or right hand column gives ths
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height.
•nd then the number given Is subtracted from
the d»»pth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wat»r».
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clos.
Wheat No. 2—
January 66 66' i 66 66
May 69* i 69T* 69% 69«4
July 70>4 70*4 70 70%
Corn No. t— .-^t
January a.. 30% 30% 80% »0%
May 33^4 3314 S3 ZZhi
July 24 34 83% 84
Oats No. 2—
January 2214 22% 22% 22%
May 23% aiVi 2i% 24
Mess Pork, per barrel—
January jo E5 10 67% 10 85 10 57V4
May 10 60 10 9214 10 60 10 90
Lard, per 100 pound" —
January 573 6 57% 575 6 87%
May 6 57% 005 5 87% «Oi
Snort Itibs, per 100 pounds-
January 66714 5 67% 6 57% 8 67*
May 5 65 6 80 6 65 5 80
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring Wheat. 64'i@65Uc; No. 2 red. 6SS
es'ic- No. 2 Corn. 31Uc: No." 2 Oats. 2J*i©24c;
No. 2 white. 26c; No. 3 white, 24*i@25c; No. 2
Rye, l2\^ntZc; No. 2 Darley. 3S@4Cc; No. 1 Flax
seed. $148; Prime Timothy Seed. J2 35: Mess
Pork, per barrel, $3 30© 10 60; Lard, per 100 lbs,
$5 7555 67%; Short Ribs sides, loose. $0 55@3 80;
Dry Saltet Shoulders, boxed S'V.'Sm.c; Short
Clear sides, boxed. 15 SO&5 SZ; Whisky, distil
lers' finished goods, per gallon. $123%; Sugar,
Cut Loaf. S.TOc: Granulated. 6.18 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 57,000 47.000
Wheat, bu 109,0f>0 61.000
Corn bu 633.000 126,000
Oats, bu 520.0C0 90,000
Rye. bu 13.U00 9.000
Barley, bu 87,000 46.000
On the Produce Exchange' to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, 19$J2Sc; dairy. 175?
:3c. Cheese, firm, 12512% c Eggs, firm; fresh.
19@19%c.
LIVERPOOL.
Opening h 1114 5 1074
Closing 5 iori 5 10^
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening is 60 19 25
Closing is 30 19 25
Flour-
Opening: 2410 2S 05
Closing ....: 23 S5 25 15
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Jan. 4.— Clearings, 1381,109; bal
ances, U4.CS.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Jan. 4— Growers have appar
ently taken a fresh hold on the situation, and
are not letting go of very much Wheat. No. 1
"Walla Walla ]s quoted at 52c. and a slight pre
mium Is obtainable for henvy stocks: Valley Is
unchanged at 51(Tj62c; Blue Stem, 58g£4e
Cleared— Bark Ancyra, for Queenstown ¦with
123.570 bushels Whrat.
Foreign shipments from Portland ¦ for the
week ending to-day were 333,886 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 4— Wheat-Club, 51c; Blue
Stem, E3c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 4— Consols, 9S»i: silver. 27
l-16d; French rentes, 99f 25c; wheat cargoes oft
coast, previous bids are repeated; cargoes on
passage, rather firmer; Walla Walla, 28s l%d:
English country markets, part «d dearer.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 4.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, rasler, fairly active
COTTON— Uplands. 4 7-l*>d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter
steady, as lOd; No. 1 Northern spring steady
6s lid. Futures closed quiet; March, 10s T 4d-
May, 5s 10% d. '* '
CORN— Spot mixed steady 3s BTjd. Futures
quiet: January. 3s s?id; February. 3s s?4d'
March. 2s s?id.
«
For Late Shipping See Page Eleven.
8
, rises
. s?ts
II
>n gets..
14 p.
mci
p
; F
I Ft.
Ft.
i" w ;
i.
, W
W|
••I ?:«!
.4 1
»:15'
»
«
•«; j
.»«
?•!
4.5{
..I 4:03
1.5
4:
4.21 1
9
.. 4:51 l
2.
a
.9' X
1H
fx»
S
3.8!-.
0
.7! (
:«l
4
•!
Ti'Sl
•!o
:4S-
— o.*)
>:471
4.
Steamer.
Cc*iuil!« Rl\
:r. .
s Ha
arbor
.Jan.
3
<- '••luir. ti!a ..
.Jin.
i
Bunlta
v'twp
5
Washtenaw
Homer ,
ma.,
and.
.[Jan.
Jjan.
p
I-tonskorif 1]
a
i an<
, IJan.
Algca
1 am
id Japan
1
.;jan.
4
m:.i« Roan
cai.ta itosa.
San Juan
[lp
Dleg<
ma..
, jan.
/Jan.
7
l.'matllia ...
t Soi
i'omona
Wellington .
¦lurnt
3epar
It
•c Bay...
i
Miami
J8
£amoa
s
Tellus
P.obt. Adam
PnprPMn
19i
.in
¦c Bay...
?
.Jan.
..Jan.
. .lan.
s
s
1
rrogTevn ...
Coos 8ay....
i aron
>
State of Ca
Alr.ha
?resc<
Jan.
. i Jan.
10
Corona
Point Arena
Di«s;i
! Ar<
jo
•ena
.Jan.
.'Jan.
Crescent Cit
?resc<
North Fork.
Queen
Moana
It .....
& Puget
t Soy
¦md
1 Jan.
t'jan.
.Jan.
v
13
a
Steamer. I Destination.
Sail:
13. I Pier.
_______ [
Corona 'San Dlepo —
Aloha '.Crescent Citj
Jan.
Jan.
11 am Pier 11
t pm Pier 1
Aberdeen ..'Portland
S.
* pmi
A. Blanch' _|Coo9 I.ay
Uaelic IChlna&Japa.
Walla Wall- Vie & Pgt _d
tt Arena.. Point Arena.
IJan.
[Jan.
;jan.
Jan.
s.
«.
8.
«.
5 pmjPlsr 13
1 pm(PM3_
1. am: Pier i
t pmlPler >
Newbur* ...'Grays Ilarbc
San Pedro.. Humboldt...
North Fork. | Humboldt...
Coqullle Rv,Grays Haxbc
bomta Newport
Curacao .... [Mexico
Cclumbla .. [Portland
Acapulco .. 'Panama
Arcata -Coos 8ay....
Santa Ro«a'San TMeiro...
Pomona jHumboldt...
«amn« . 'Hnmhnldt. ..
or'
¦"i
.V. '
Jan.
[Jan.
| Jan.
Jan.
.Jan.
Jan.
fjan.
IJan.
iJan.
'Jan.
.Jan.
L-an-
8.
. ».
. in.
I pm'Pler 13
I »zn|Pler S
V'_xa:Ple'r"ii
10 am| Pier li
10 in Pl«r 2i
, 13 miPMSS
lOamjPler li
llamPlsr U
1 pm,Pler »
10 am T>irr 11
tamoa numooiai...
Australia ..'Honolulu —
Coos Bay... I Newport
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgt Sc
State of CaLPortland
'.ian.
; Jan.
'Jan.
!Jan.
iJan.
. 10.
. n.
. 11.
. 13.
. iv am I'ler ]»
. I pm.Pler 7
, » ar_;Pi9r U
, 10 am ! Pier 9
. 10 am P!ir«
, rises
. s?ts
II
>n gets..
14 p.
mci
p
; F
I Ft.
Ft.
i" w ;
i.
, W
W|
••I ?:«!
.4 1
»:15'
»
«
•«; j
.»«
?•!
4.5{
..I 4:03
1.5
4:
4.21 1
9
.. 4:51 l
2.
a
.9' X
1H
fx»
S
3.8!-.
0
.7! (
:«l
4
•!
Ti'Sl
•!o
:4S-
— o.*)
>:471
4.
Steamer.
Cc*iuil!« Rl\
:r. .
s Ha
arbor
.Jan.
3
<- '••luir. ti!a ..
.Jin.
i
Bunlta
v'twp
5
Washtenaw
Homer ,
ma.,
and.
.[Jan.
Jjan.
p
I-tonskorif 1]
a
i an<
, IJan.
Algca
1 am
id Japan
1
.;jan.
4
m:.i« Roan
cai.ta itosa.
San Juan
[lp
Dleg<
ma..
, jan.
/Jan.
7
l.'matllia ...
t Soi
i'omona
Wellington .
¦lurnt
3epar
It
•c Bay...
i
Miami
J8
£amoa
s
Tellus
P.obt. Adam
PnprPMn
19i
.in
¦c Bay...
?
.Jan.
..Jan.
. .lan.
s
s
1
rrogTevn ...
Coos 8ay....
i aron
>
State of Ca
Alr.ha
?resc<
Jan.
. i Jan.
10
Corona
Point Arena
Di«s;i
! Ar<
jo
•ena
.Jan.
.'Jan.
Crescent Cit
?resc<
North Fork.
Queen
Moana
It .....
& Puget
t Soy
¦md
1 Jan.
t'jan.
.Jan.
v
13
a
Steamer. I Destination.
Sail:
13. I Pier.
_______ [
Corona 'San Dlepo —
Aloha '.Crescent Citj
Jan.
Jan.
11 am Pier 11
t pm Pier 1
Aberdeen ..'Portland
S.
* pmi
A. Blanch' _|Coo9 I.ay
Uaelic IChlna&Japa.
Walla Wall- Vie & Pgt _d
tt Arena.. Point Arena.
IJan.
[Jan.
;jan.
Jan.
s.
«.
8.
«.
5 pmjPlsr 13
1 pm(PM3_
1. am: Pier i
t pmlPler >
Newbur* ...'Grays Ilarbc
San Pedro.. Humboldt...
North Fork. | Humboldt...
Coqullle Rv,Grays Haxbc
bomta Newport
Curacao .... [Mexico
Cclumbla .. [Portland
Acapulco .. 'Panama
Arcata -Coos 8ay....
Santa Ro«a'San TMeiro...
Pomona jHumboldt...
«amn« . 'Hnmhnldt. ..
or'
¦"i
.V. '
Jan.
[Jan.
| Jan.
Jan.
.Jan.
Jan.
fjan.
IJan.
iJan.
'Jan.
.Jan.
L-an-
8.
. ».
. in.
I pm'Pler 13
I »zn|Pler S
V'_xa:Ple'r"ii
10 am| Pier li
10 in Pl«r 2i
, 13 miPMSS
lOamjPler li
llamPlsr U
1 pm,Pler »
10 am T>irr 11
tamoa numooiai...
Australia ..'Honolulu —
Coos Bay... I Newport
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgt Sc
State of CaLPortland
'.ian.
; Jan.
'Jan.
!Jan.
iJan.
. 10.
. n.
. 11.
. 13.
. iv am I'ler ]»
. I pm.Pler 7
, » ar_;Pi9r U
, 10 am ! Pier 9
. 10 am P!ir«ART INSTITUTE
TO PRESENT A
NOVEL EXHIBIT
Will Be Given During
This Month.
PATRONS' WELCOME ANSWER
Iyocal art patrons will be afforded an
opportunity of enjoying a novel exhibition
at the Hopkins Institute during the latter
part of the present month. For a week or
longer the general public will be permit
ted to gare on the finest specimens of
bronzes and vases now ornamenting pri
vate residences in the city.
The board of directors of the San Fran
cisco Art Association decided to hold the
exhibition at a meeting yesterday after
noon. Their action was taken sooner than
expected on account of the large number
of prompt responses In the affirmative
made to requests for the loan of fine
pieces of bronzes and vases, insuring a
collection for the exhibit that will stir the
appreciative faculty of a connoisseur.
Nor will the association abate its en
deavor to enliven the populace with the
exhibition. It Is very probable that
toward the end of February the directors
will give a Mardi Gras ball. In accordance
with their annual custom. It was not
definitely decided to take this step at
yesterday s meeting on account of the
large amount of routine business, which
had accumulated so as to call for the im
mediate attention of the board, but a spe
cial meeting will bo held next Tuesday to
consider the Mardi Gras festival
This year"s Mardi Gras will, if anythin
attract more attention than those preced
ing, for the reason that it will occur on
Shrove Tuesday, February 27. As Captain
Robert Howe Fletcher, who has penned
a majority of the "royal proclamations"
for the Mardi Gras in former years Is
now curator of the institute. It is likely
that by his request Mayor Phelan may
on this occasion be requested to play the
part of scribe.
University Professor Honored.
BERKELEY, Jan. 4.— Professor Charles
Mills Gayley. whose recent exhaustive
work on English criticism has brought
him the favorable notice of the world of
Bcholarship. has been elected a member
of the American Social Science Associa
tion and also of the National Institute of
Art, Science and Letters, a society com
posed of about eighty «f the most emi
nent American scholars, artists, actors
and writers. These are the societies
which recently conferred membership
upon President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
RANCHER AT TESLA
COMMITS SUICIDE
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— Thomas Otis Cope
land, a rancher living near Tesla, took
poisoned wheat this morning and killed
himself. The body was found about noon.
An incjuest will be held to-morrow.
Copeland was a single man, 26 years of
age. About a week ago he had a quarrel
with Michael Kane, a neighbor, and was
arrested for battery. The case was to
have been tried to-day before Justice
Taylor, and the matter bo preyed upon
Copelands mind that It caused him to
take his life.
s!9t»r-in-law, resides on the old Rand
homestead on Twenty-sixth street
with her married son. Dr. and Mrs.
Rand of Portland are well known in
that city, and Mrs. Marshall Damon
is equally well known in San Fran
cisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Raml came to Oakland
in 1?7<). bringing their two children
with them. Mr. Rand at once went
Ir.to police service, being a special of
fl^cr for three years under his
brother. David Rand, the then Chief
of police, and a regular officer for all
the years that have followed.
HABEAS CORPUS WRIT
MAY RELEASE CANNING
OAKLAND. Jan. 4.— A writ of habeas
corpus was sued out this afternoon
through Attorney H. S. Aldrich on be
half of Freddie Canning. The 13-year-old
Alameda lad was yesterday sentenced to
eight years at Preston Reform School on
conviction or a criminal assault on nlne
year-old Mary Ewinff. Canning's release
is sought on th*> ground that the com
plaint Is d^fertive in that It alleges no
public effense to have been committed.
Th«» writ is made returnable before Judge
Ellsworth to-morrow.
-. AKUND, Jan. 4-Half a cen-
Utury ajro at Bradford. N. H.,
5 la*l B. Rand cinimM Miss
- :.«'i Chanptin for his brine.
And en The evening of the 17th of
thi;; month, at their home on T^r.ih
'••:. in this city, Mr. an.l Mr*. Ra.n.l
will commemorate the event of fifty
yar« ago by a reception to their
. fri^^ds. They will be assisted in re
ceiving by their only «on and his wife.
Dr. and Mrs. David H. Rand of Port
¦. Or.; th<-ir only daughter, Mrs.
:.:;>r>h«!l Damon of San Francisco;
M:.- WiUard Lorejoy of Newark, and
Mrs. Ambrose Armstrong of this rity.
11 • bom are from 8 to 11 o'clock.
The ererave-J Invitations which have
Vx"-?n pent out are very pretty and ap
propriate, having a corner of gold,
with th* years ISSO and 1900 In gold
:vp* beneath.
CHINESE WILL TAKE
PART AT THE OBSEQUIES
Oakland Office San Francineo Call
f*}s Broadway, .lan. 4.
The funeral r,f the !ate Rev. Frederick
J. Masters of Berkeley will be held at the
First M. K. Church of this city to-morrow
and will he attended by th<> majority of
rhi* converted Chinese of San Francisco
nnrt Alameda County. Dr. Masters was
a!v.ays a pr^at friend of th» Chines*, and
th«-y mill Fhow their appreciation of his
«fT-.rtii in thpir behalf by turning out very
fully to take part in his obsequies.
Dr. Masters had charge of the Chinese
rni^Ffnp.js on the Pacific Coast for the past
tw'-Ue year?, and up to the time of his
death was always a hard worker In their
i.-half. So great was his eno>avor to aid
th^m in every way that the converted
Chinese all feel indebted to him and
<i"*>ply regret hi? death. They consider
that they have lost a friend.
In connection with the regular funeral
rxerctees of the M. E. Church there will
ais-o 1«? a ceremony in which the Chinese
, -vTom? In ft'ch cases will be exemplified.
In this feature many converted Chinese
tvill take part, and the affair will be a
n:ost elaborate one.
The eulesy r.iil be delivered by a Chi
nese Tr.inipier, an>) th» life of the deceased
win be commented upon by the editor of
th<» California Christian Advocate.
Brother rnin!>!oric will act v pall-bearers.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
A CRITICAL STUDY OF A GREAT STATESMAN.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
GRE/\T AMERICAN STATESMEN.
Contributor! to thl« course: Professor Albert Bushnoll Hart. Professor John Bach Mc-
Master. Profes«or Charles H. Smith. Dr. Frederio W. Speirs. Profmor Andrew C Mc-
IjauKhltn and others.
XII. ANDREW JACKSON.
Andrew Jackson Is one of the most con
spicuous and Important characters in
American history. His prominence Is In
large measure due not to the fact that he
was In himself a great constructive
statesman like Hamilton, or a great
orator like Clay, but to the fact that his
election to the Presidency and hi 3 subse
quent career mark out a new era In,
American politics and a new stage in the
development of democracy. The more
carefully one studies his life the more one
is led to look upon him not so much as a
personal force as an exponent of condi
tions, as a center from which can be
seen the United States as it was in IS3O,
and the fresh impulses that were express
ing themselves In the social and political
activities of the people.
He was born In South Carolina— at least
so he said himself, but Parton insists that
North Carolina was his birthplace. Such
ANDREW JACKSON.
a dispute Is the strongest proof of a very
humble origin. His boyhood was 6pent in
poverty, in squalor. In the midst of coarso
surroundings, and there is little or no In
dication that he sought to rise above cir
cumstances, or that, like Lincoln, am
bitious and energetic, he studlously
sought either learning or culture. His
early life Is unedifying and uninteresting,
for It gave no promise of a career above
that of his rollicking, careless, ignorant
companions, who reveled in cock fighting.
card playing and In all sorts of mischief
and horseplay.
He began the study of law (1754), but
he was not fitted either by temperament
or Industry to be a lawyer, and never
knew much law; perhaps it is not right
to suggest that he knew even Its funda
mental principles thoroughly. He natur
ally was averse to theoretical principles
of any sort.
Just after he became of age he moved
into Tennessee and entered upon a life In
the frontier community. He fitted well
Into this environment, for rough force,
courage and love of conflict were much
more In demand than culture and book
learning. The man who could succeed at
the bar or at anything else roust be ready
to play his part in a tavern brawl or to
respond promptly to the demands of the
code of honor.
Jackson was naturally quarrelsome and
domineering, and he did not lack oppor
tunity for exercising his native propensi
ties. We read of duels, In one of which he
killed his man, of feuds and fights of one
kind and another as Incidents In his Ten
nessee career, and he carried In his body
for twenty years a bullet from the pistol
of one of the Bentons, with whom he was
engaged In a disgraceful row in a tavern.
This was poor preparation for public ser
vice as a President of the United States,
and we can never go over the details of
this turbulent life without amazement
that this Irritable, pugnacious man should
be lifted out of the society In which he
swaggered and fought to become the chief
magistrate of a great nation. Even stran
ger does It appear that during the years
of which we have been speaking he held a
number of public offices that seem honor
able and dignified. He was Public Prose
cutor, Judge, Representative in Congress,
United States Senator. But the character
of the man and his fitness for responsibil
ity in a position where discretion and
calm judgment were needed are well Indi
cated by the words of Jefferson, who in
1824 said of him: "When I was president
of the Senate he was a Senator, and he
could never speak on account of the rash
ness of his feelings. I have seen him at
tempt It repeatedly, and as often choke
with rage." In 1818 Monroe asked Jefter
con what he thought of the wisdom of
appointing Jackson Minister to Russia,
and the venerable ex-President responded
in what seem to be words of astonishment
at Monroe's temerity: "Why, good G— d,
he would breed you a quarrel before he
had been there a month."
I have gone over some of the more Im
portant facts of Jackson's early career in
order to bring out somewhat clearly the
society from which he emerged, as well as
the essential character of the man. Al
though in later years as President of the
United States his manners were usually
dignified and courteous, although he had a
remarkable facility In winning adherents
and holding friends, and gave evidence
also of a strong mental grasp of things In
which he was personally interested, espe
cially of those which aroused his antago
nism, we cannot understand the more im
portant events of his later life nor the sig
nificance of his election to the Presidency
unless we have some appreciation of his
early surroundings and of the society of
which he was a part.
We must pass rapidly over his success
as an Indian fljrhter and the national re
nown he gained in the war of ISI2 by de
feating the Creeks and winning the battle
of New Orleans over the seasoned vet
erans of Pakenham. And we cannot more
than mention his invasion of Florida nnd
the victories of the Semlnole war a*lS).
In all places where there was need cf
forceful, unhesitating action, where diffi
culties were to be overcome by sheer de
termination and unrelenting purpose, he
always showed unusual capacity, as well
as surprising vigor and skill In manajring
or rather commanding his subordinates.
Jackson was put forward as a candidate
for the Presidency in 1524. His opponents
were Henry Clay. John Quincy Adams ar.d
William H. Crawford. That his name
should be mentioned at all may seem
strange enough, but It Is stranger still
that he should have received more elec
toral votes than any one of the others.
Inasmuch as none of the candidates re
ceived a majority of the electoral college
the choice from the highest three de
volved upon the House. Clay's name did
not go to the House, and he threw his in
fluence in favor of Adams, who was fleet
ed. There was at once an outcry from the
Jackson partisans, who Insisted that a
corrupt coalition had been formed and the
purposes and wishes of the people had
been circumvented. Bepton declared th-u
"Demoskrateo" principle, the principle
that the people had a right to govern, had
been disregarded. When Clay became Ad
ams' Secretary of State the denunciation
of corruption and of Interference with
[ popular desires became louder, while th«
air was full of the clamor of those v,-ho
I proclaimed Jackson "a man of the p«-i-
I pie" and maligned Adams us an intriguing
j aristocrat.
In 18CS Jackson was chosen President,
and hla victory was hailed as the begin
ning of a new era. Although Adams was
one of the best officers that ever
a people — an honest, pure, capable, pa
triotic, high-minded statesman— people
seemed actually to believe, as Webst* —
j said, that the country had been resets. -< 1
! from some dreadful danger. Bui the elec
tion of Jackson. In part the result of an
I appeal to the prejudices of the masses of
the people against what was termed aris
tocracy, came as a natural occurrenfc in
the development of the democratic spirit.
The people of 1523, glorying In American
achievement and Vain of American suc
cess in self-government, turned Instincr
ively to a man from the great We^t. a
self-made man. whose foroefulnes* anJ
native vigor appealed to their Imagina
tion.
The careful student c* American social
character will see that some of Us d!s»
- tinguishlng features
are to be understood
only when judged
from the standpoint
of the frontier.
v Each portion of th»»
*. country has at some
as time been a fron
3 • tier, and the char
g.'J] acteristlca of the
Rf • . West appeal to the
P front 1c r tempera
> ment wh!ch 13 still
remaining In the
East, though part.y
glossed over or cov
ered up by the re
sults and products
of later develop
a*. ments. Jackson ap-
pealed, therefore, to
Jvjteßl l^ e true American
yeA sentl ment. which
t^nvA admired the ?•¦!'
'-s'sJ^ff made man. th.^ pit.:'.
wf1 ° hrls surmount
:'«:B*»SS: '« : B*»S5 *"' ! obstacles and
<!*U*S§rl rlf^n by dint nf hia
own efforts and not
because of inherited
wealth or position, a
sentiment which ia
distinctly a product
of the frontier, and
which is In largo
measure sen Bible,
pound and whole
some, but which
may on occasion
wrongly manifest it
self. The true dem
ocratic spirit takes
ci^ account of what a
man Is. not of his
ancestry or hi 3 op
portunities, and de
clares that each
» man must be given
• a chance to make
the most of himself
and bo Judged by what he has accom
plished and what he has come to be; but
it does not glorify deficiencies in ability
or culture.
I The inauguration of Jackson ushered In
the spoils system. This came because of
the personal peculiarities of Jackson, who
believed that all who were not for him
were against him and who had been bred
' n a school where men rewarded their
friends and did no good to those that de
spitefully u?ed them. It came also be
cause the adherents of Adams and Clay
were lookad upon as supporters of a cor
rupt coalition; because there was a do
mand that the aristocracy of office hold
ers be overthrown; because the spoils
system had for years prevailed in some
of the States, and this election gave the
spoils politician his chance; because the
people resented the idea that training
and experience or that expert knowledge
were needed for the performance of of
ficial duty; because at the time there wa*
a clamorous and strident declaration that
one man was Just as good as another and
Just as much entitled to office.
The causes and significance of the be
ginnings of the spoils system can be seen
by anybody who reads and understands
the descriptions of Jackson's inaugura
tion, where a crowd of people pushed into
the drawing-rooms, elbowing Embassa
dors and other foreign representatives,
standing with muddy shoes on the dam
ask-covered furniture. "China and glass."
said an eye-witness, "to the amount of
several thousands of dollars was broken
in the struggle to get at the ices and
cakes, though punch and other drink
ables had been carried out in tubs and
buckets to the people." No one will deny
that there was something amiss In this
scramble for punch, and if he places im
portant offices in the places of ices and
drinks he will see the beginnings of the
spoils system and realize that there was
something false in that. too.
In spite of these unpropltiousi begin
nings and In spite of the malign Influence
of the back-stair politician during the
"reign of Andrew Jackson." those eight
years had much that was good in them.
Though the President was hot-headed and
Injudicious on occasions, he was thor
oughly honest, thoroughly patriotic, thor
oughly devoted to the good of the country
as he saw It. Historians have been wont
to lament his attack upon the Bank of
the United States, and we certainly can
not Justify his high-handed and imperious
methods in dealing with financial matters.
But, after all, Biddle and his bank are
comparatively unimportant. As the years
go by and we get a more distant view of
those times we see that the frontiersman
from Tennessee represented strong Ameri
can sentiment, that his famous proclama
tion against the nulllflers — whoever may
have written It— was a great and influen
tial public document, that by taking a
bold stand against the theories of seces
sion and of dissolution he Impressed his
party with sentiments of union, that we
owe him a very great debt of gratitude
for his famous toast, "Our Federal Union
—It must be preserved." And If there
were disorder and some lawlessness in
those "vulgar Jackson days" he was mot
the cause. Ills election was the result of
a popular upheaval; his administration
was a time of great Intellectual activity,
a period in which the democratic senti
ment was finding new expression. lie was
himself a conspicuous expression of a
new. alert, energetic, forceful, assertive
spirit which was characteristic of Ameri
can life and was now dominant in Ameri
can politics.
University of Michigan.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1889-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies In Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: Tho World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
The affair promises to be a very rep
resentative one, as Mr. and Mrs.
Rand have many relatives and friends
in this city and San Francisco who
are very prominent socially. Mrs.
Frank C. Havens of Piedmont is a
niece, as is also Mrs. George Stirling
of the Heights. Mrs. E. M. Rand, a
LARGE ESTATE
DISPOSED OF IN
SIMPLE FORM
General Wall's Will
Filed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Jan. 4.
The will of General Joseph G. Wall of
the Sun Francisco firm of Hobbs, Wall
& Co.. who died at his home In Alameda
December 3o last, was filed to-day for
probate by the widow, Margaret J. Wall,
who applies for letters of administration.
The estate i* valued at about $600,000,
Including stock in various corporations to
the amount of $."!M,000; notes and mort
gag-'es. $225,000; real estate. $10,000: cash.
$3000; besides his interest in the firm of
i Hobb*. Wall & Co.
The will, datf-d January 7. 1596, after
directing the widow, .-is executrix with
out bonds, to pay all Just debts against
the <sta.te as soon as possible, sets forth
the following list of stocks ownotl by tes
tator: Sixty-six shares capital stock
Crescent City Wharf and Dock Company,
50 shares Spring Valley Water Company,
204 shares Crescent City Transportation
I Company, °I> shares Fireman's Fund In
surance Company, 2.'>o shares Harmon
Lumt:or Company, 125 shares American
Biscuit Company, 50 shares London P. &
A. Bank. Ltd.
By the terms of the will, one-eighth part
of these stocks is bequeathed to each of
testator's children— Mary A. Bradley; Jo
seph Wall, Edward Wall, Jessie Quint,
Richard T. Wall and Margaret Wall. The
other two-eiKhth? Is left to the widow In
trust for two sons — William Wall (de
ceased) and Carlton Wall. The residue
of the estate, real, personal and mixed,
whether community property or separate
! estate. Is bequeathed to the widow.
The confidence reposed in testator's
pon-in-law. Richard Bradley, is manifest
ed in a "desire that the widow have the
: benefit of his counsel and advice." Daniel
Titus is appointed attorney for the ex
ecutrix, because he has always acted as
testator's attorney and is thoroughly fa
miliar with his affairs.
The will also recites that testator's un
divided one-half interest in the firm of
Hobbs. Wall & Co. is of large value; that
according to the articles of copartnership
between the testator and Hobbs, "in the
event of the death of one of the part
ners, the surviving partner shall have the
right to conduct the business of the firm
for five years after such death, and dur
ing said time have the right to posses
sion and control of all the firm's assets;
and after five years the interest of the
departed may he withdrawn at the rate
of one-fifth each year for five consecu
tive years until fully drawn." There is a
i provision in the articles, however, that
the executrix of the deceased partner's
estate may withdraw $500 per month from
the firm.
A patent glove-buttoner Is bringing
$5000 a year to Its woman Inventor.
Flatirons, when new, must be heated
very slowly, or they may crack.
Lamp chimneys are better If cleaned
with alcohol Instead of soap and water.
Found Dead in a Chair.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— John Bryan a well
known resident of Sunol, was found dead
In a chair to-day. Heart disease Is sun
posed to have caused death.
At the Theaters.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— The Rentz-Santl«?y
burlesque company will appear at th»
Macdonough Theater on Friday and
Saturday evenings of this week In a
vaudeville performance.
The Boston Lyric company of thirty
five voices will commence a five night
engagement at the Macdonough Monday,
and on Saturday the Rays will be heard
In "A Hot Old Time."
"The English Rose" Is drawing food,
houses at the D*war this week.
LABORER'S HEAD CRUSHED.
Fatal Accident at Union Iron Works
Caused by a Frail Rope.
J. J. Minarlk, a laborer employed In the
Union Iron .Works and residing at S3l
York street. In this city, was struck by
a heavy bulkhead plate in the hold of the
steamship California, now under construc
tion, and killed yesterday.
Minarlk was working with several other
employes bolting the plates In place as
they were lowered into the hold. One
large plate weighing about 1100 pounds'
University Graduates to Teach.
BERKELEY, Jan. 4.— The appointment
of the following graduates of the univer
sity to teachers' positions is just an
nounced: Miss Bertha Bradley becomes
Instructor in English In the Santa Bar
bara High School; George H. McGlll '99
will teach history in the Pasadena High
School.
In the Divorce Court.
Denis J. Walsh has been granted a di
vorce from Jennie Walsh on the ground
of desertion. Decrees of divorce have also
been granted Richard H. Norton from
Eliza Norton on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Matilda McKenna from George
McKenna on the ground of cruelty, and
Mabel Venabel from Louis Venabel on the
ground of failure to provide
The suit brought by Mrs. Birdie Price
for a divorce from her husband, A G
Price, pn the ground of infidelity, is now
on trial before Judge Daingerfleld
Suits for divorce have been filed by J H
Gillenwatcrß against Elizabeth Glllenwat
ers for desertion; Amelia Marcowlte
against Henry Marcowttz, for cruelty and
Sarah Faveto against Frank Fa veto for
cruelty.
JulSGnfc*— — -
I '
I /" tf» Th<9 grandest
k Ha, remedy on earth
A'~ -"* ft' for t" 1 " awful.
fl t ?- treacherous weak-
yyi' ness ia
l 'k%o&' ELECTRICITY
I have made a success of treating this
<"' rn;.laint with my new method of apply-
ing Ele'trlcity to the parts while the pa-
tient s>le«»ps. it never fails. Ten thousand
<;'Jres In the pa«t five years is my record.
No <3n:p>. no knife — pimply the life-giving
current scientifically applied according to
my tpocial method.
ARE YOU AFFLICTED?
If to, &.« you value your future health,
cure It now. You can Gee that It is <le-
t:rucn\* to vitality. My method is safe,
certain and permanent. Cases of twenty-
Tve ye*n>* standing cured In three months
jr you cannot call, write for my book with
full Information.
dr. m.a. Mclaughlin.
T<r2 Market «t.. cor. Kearnjr. S. F.; Burdlck
block, cor. Sprir-j «Ml Second «ts.. Lob Acsele,.
FREE DELIVERY
FOR EMERYVILLE
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— The Town Trustees
of Emeryville are considering a plan to
establish a free delivery mall service at
that place. The Trustees are desirous of
paying a carrier to do the work, but they
fear that such action might not meet with
the requirements of the postal laws Town
Attorney Judkins has been directed to
confer with the postal authorities in San
Francisco on the subject and if the pres
ent plan cannot be adopted an appeal will
be made to Washington for a regular de
livery service.
WERE MARRIED TWICE TO
SUIT RELIGIOUS IDEAS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 4.
There were two ceremonies performed
before A. S. McDonald and Miss Male
Tucker became husband and wife on New
Year's day, but it is safe to say that
very few of those who witnessed the big
wedding In St. Paul's Church knew of
that fact. It was because of family de
sires, and It was thoroughly understood
and agreed to by all Interested. A cere
mony was performed during the after
noon of that day by a Catholic priest and
In the evening a full church wedding was
had at St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Rev
Robert Ritchie performing the ceremony
Mr. Macdonald's family are all Catho
lic, and very strict in conformance to
church rules and requirements. The fam
ily of the bride are of the Church of
England, and these differences explain
the two ceremones. The bride's family
desired a ceremony In their church and
it was arranged from the very first that
the wedding should be a church affair
and should take place at St. Paul's On
the other hand. the. family of the groom
was anxious that the rites of their
church should be observed.
"There were two ceremonies perform
ed," said Mrs. Tucker, the mother of the
bride: "Mr. Macdonld and his relatives
are Catholics and their desire that a
ceremony be performed within their
church was complied with."
FIRE MARSHAL TOWE
TO BE REAPPOINTED
The board of directors of the Under
writers' Fire Patrol met in special ses
sion yesterday afternoon for the pur
pose of complying with the provision of
the new charter and made recommenda
tion to the Board of Fire Commissioners
lor the appointment of a Fire Marshal
ar ; d v an . Assistant Fire Marshal.
Charles Towe. the incumbent, was
recommended for reappointment and Cap-
It* i: R 9:u Comstock for Assistant Fire
Marshal. The recommendation of the
L nderwrlters will be acted on by the Fire
Commissioners at their regular meeting
on Monday next.
DENIES HE EVER PROPOSED.
Aged Joseph Boardman Takes the
Stand in His Own Defense.
"No, sir. . A thousand times no," said
aged Joseph Boardman yesterday when
his attorney, A. Y. Cotton, asked him
whether or not he had ever proposed mar
riage to Mrs. Elizabeth Gladstone.
"Did you ever say that you were lone
some and wished to live at her home with
her?" continued the attorney.
"No; a thousand times no," again an
swered the old man, as he fixed Tils eyes
on the woman who had taken him into
court to defend his fortune. Boardman's
examination, owing to his extreme age
and weakness, is slow and but little was
drawn from him during his stay on the
stand.
When the session opened In the morn-
Ing Mrs. Gladstone was again placed on
the stand. After denying that she wanted
her granddaughter to marry Boardman
and adding that she would not have him
anyway, Mrs. Gladstone changed the date
of the original proposal from June 6 to
April 6 of a year ago.
Mr. Boardman's young and pretty wife
was the next witness called. After testi
fying that she was born In Trinity County
and was 18 years of age she left the stand
W. P. Anderson was next put on the stand
by the defense and testified that he was
present when xlrs. Gladstone paid Board
man her rent after the date on which she
said that she had promised to become his
wife.
SANTA CRUZ TO
HAVE ANOTHER
RAILROAD LINE
Supervisors Asked for
a Franchise.
EASTERN MONEY IS INVESTED
•>
This afternoon the Board of Supervisors
v.i'l take up the petition for a franchise
Bled by Thomas D. Riordan, attorney for
Eastern capitalists who have incorporat
ed !<¦¦• construct a railroad from thin city
I ¦ M:r.ta Cruz. If the board grants the
franchise the Southern Pacific Railroad
WiU have a lively rival, as the proposed
road will pass through. San Mateo, Santa
Clara and Santa Cruz counties.
The road will be known as the "Bay and
Coast Railroad Company." On June 22 of
last year «rtlcles of incorporation were
filed for the construction of a steam or
electric railway in the counties named,
the estimated length to be 100 milea. L.
H. Barnard, Thomas J. Lunny, James G.
Hughee Michael T. Corcoran, J. B. Cronin
and H. I>any wore named as stockholders
and they subscribed {110.000 on a capital
stock of $3,000,000.
A franchise was secured in 1K92 by the
"West Shore Railroad Company" to build
a road that would skirt the bay shore,
and th's right was transferred to the new
corporation. The Board of Supervisors
which granted the original franchise only
permitted the road to be built within four
blocks of the county line, and as the Bay
and Coast Rallroaa Company proposes to
continue through to the city by the Eea,
its attorney was instructed to have the
defect remedied, and the new franchise is
requested by him on that ground.
Estimates for the construction of the
road w«>re filed with the Mayor some time
ago. It is figured that it will cost between
$2,000,000 and $2,500,000. Attorney Riordan
yesterday Ktated that the road could be
l.uilt for less than $2,000,000 but for the cost
of steel and steam engines, which have
advanced in price by reason of the trusts.
Riordan stated that franchises had
betn secured In Santa Cruz and San Ma
teo counties', and, he also thought, in
Santa Clara County. He said the moment
the Board of Supervisors of this city and
county granted the franchise work on the
line would commence. This will mean em
ployment to many and phpanpr fare«
Died of His Injuries
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— John A. Foster, the
old resident of Oakland who was hurt by
an electric car on New Year's day, died
to-night at th«» Receiving Hospital. He
never regained consciousness after being
Injured.
Death of a Newspaper Man.
HATWARDS, Jan. 4.— John B. Rup
prlcht, for several years associated In the
management of the Haywards Review,
died at his home in this place last night
after a brief illness. He was 33 years old
and a native of this State. He leaves a
father, mother, two sisters and a brother,
the latter being a deputy in the office of
the County Assessor.
was finally let down by means of a rope.
"When it was suspended in the air and
about eighteen feet ovpr Mlnarik's head
the rope snapped and the heavy Iron fell,
striking the unfortunate laborer in the
head and smashing his skull. He dropped
off a scaffold on which he was standing
and when help reached him he was dead.
Deceased was 2f> years of age.
KRAMM'S CONDITION
BECOMES SERIOUS
OAKLAND. Jan. 4.— Councilman Charles
Kramiri, who has been ill for several
months, is now suffering from tubercu
losis aggravated by an attack of grip.
Last Sunday he was moved to the home
of his mother at Nineteenth street and
Telegraph avenue. His condition is con
sidered most critical.
TWO INCH NEEDLE
IN BABY'S ABDOMEN
HE HELD THEM
AT BAY WITH
HIS SHOTGUN
Dr. Barthilemy Defied
Sheriff's Posse.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 4.
For nearly three hours this afternoon
Dr. Henri Barthllemy, a French physi
cian residing on the county road, held at
bay with his shotgun Deputy. Sheriff
Qulnlan and Constable Cramer.
Qulnlan and Cramer had called at Bar
thilemy's home to arrest him and his
stepson, Eugen? Dautrevaux, on war
rants sworn out by Valentine G. Hush of
Fruitvale, charging them with petit lar
ceny. Hush lost a valuable cocker span
iel about five weeks ago. Some one stole
the dog, and believing that he had lo
cated the animal In Dr. Barthilemy's
yard. Hush swore to a complaint in Jus
tice Larue's court.
Dautrevaux was arrested as he stepped
out of his stepfather's buggy in front of
their home. Although no resistance was
made, handcuffs were placed on his
wrists while he was being taken to the
County' Jail.
The peace officers had no such time
with the doctor, who is close to 70 years
of age and is not conversant with the
English tongue. Seeing his stepson In the
clutches of the law, he secured his shot
gun ard. stationing himself in his door
way, defied the officers to "come sil vous
plait."
Sheriff Rogers was telephoned to for
additional men to execute the warrant,
and he and Deputy Jailer Taylor hurried
to the scene. As the evening shades were
falling Barthilemy's arms became weary
of holding the deadly shotgun and a
truce was declared. Finally a boy who
is versed in the Parisian tongue was se
cured to act as interpreter to inform the
doctor of the object of the officers' visit.
The doctor tried to explain that the
cooker spaniel had been his own for more
than a year, but his protestations proved
futile and he was taken to the County
Jail and placed In a cell with his step
son.
Dautrevaux Insists that Hush Is mis
taken. He threatens to sue for heavy
damages for false arrest and imprison
ment.
The affair created quite a sensation on
the county road and a large crowd wa9
attracted to the scene.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 4.— A 9-months-old baby with a sewing needle embedded
in its abdomen for three days Is the latest freak. The child is Charles
Lincoln, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Hackett, a colored couple residing at
1608 Union street. While dressing him yesterday morning the mother
noticed that the baby screamed whenever she laid it face downward. She ex
amined Its body and discovered a hard substance under the skin covering the
abdomen. Just above the navel. There was considerable inflammation.
Mrs, Hackett grew alarmed and sought medical assistance. A thorough
examination by a physician revealed a bright piece of steel in the Inflamed
part. After some little difficulty a needle was extracted. It proved to be two
inches in length, the kind commonly used to carry heavy black thread. In the
opinion of the physician It must have been embedded at least three days. It
has turned black since it has been exposed to the air.
"The wonder is the baby did not cry all the time the needle was .under its
skin," said Mrs. Hackett. "Charley has been playing right along with the
other children as if nothing had happened. I do not know how the needle got
where it did. The most reasonable explanation is that one of the family had
it pinned In some clothing, and that In caressing the child it was accidentally
thrust into his abdomen. Still It must have been pushed quite hard, because If
it had not some portion would have remained exposed to catch the clothing.
The needle lay an eighth of an inch beneath the skin. It might have gon'j
straight inward and caused the child's death. He is perfectly well again and
EMMONS SAYS HE
DID NOT WRITE
THOSE LETTERS
Denies Any Connec
tion With Them.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 4. — The name of
George W. Emmons is mentioned in con
nection with the Delanoy anonymous let
ters. Emmons refuses to make any state
ment other than to deny emphatically
their authorship. Delanoy will not state
definitely that Emmons Is the man he sus
pects.
This much was learned of the relations
of Delanoy and Emmons: They were as
sociated In the wholesale paper supply
business ten years ago. They had a dis
agreement and have not since been friend
ly. Emmons Is now In the drayage busi
ness and hauls goods for a paper house.
This fact furnishes Delanoy with a con
nection between Emmons and the kind of
stationery used in the letters. *
The publication of the suspect's name as
"George" and hints dropped by Delanoy
that he resided on San Jose avenue and
has lived in Alameda for eight years led
some persons who know of the former re
lations of Delanoy and Emmons to sur
mise that Emmons is the man held re
sponsible by Delanoy for the anonymous
missives. Emmons resides with his fam
ily at 1537 San Jose avenue. He has been
a resident eight years. He is one of the
directors of the Encinal Yacht Club.
Unsigned letters are still coming Dela
noy's way. For an Indefinite time he an
ticipates getting one or more anonymous
communications every • day. The mail
brought him two this mor.nlng. One en
closed a heavy piece of cardboard upon
which was drawn a skull and cross-bones.
The words "Move! Second warning!
Whltecaps!" in large pen and ink letters
were printed beneath the sketch.
The other was a postal card. In pencil
was written: "Committee are on to you.
In twenty-four hours you will be cold in
death. Take time by the forelock and
flee. Alameda Highbinder Societe, Tong
No. 1." Both communications were
mailed in San Francisco.
Delanoy is taking, the letters seriously.
He believes the man he suspects of annoy
ing him Is trying to cover up his tracks
by overwhelming him with facetious let
ters. A deluge of premature valentines
would not astonish him. The fact that the
whole town is amused at the Jibes of his
enemy does not make him the less deter
mined in his intentions. He is going to
"nail his man or bust." He has purchased
a gun, and stands ready to use it. He has
no idea of heeding the admonition to va
cate Alameda.
"This man," said Delanoy, "had a pur
pose in using the name of Tong No. 1 of
the Alameda Highbinders. I don't know
what his. motive was. but I know he had
one. I know he was a candidate for mem
bership in the tong, but was blackballed.
To me he attributes the fact. I had noth
ing to do with it. I've got him where I
want him now. He cannot escape. He
will be*exposed.
Tong No. 1 of the Alemeda Highbinders'
Society is a local organization of citizens
for the promotion of good times and good
fellowship. The members deny responsi
bility for Delanoy's postal card. They
feel chagrined that any one should be so
base as to use the name of their society
for the purpose of covering up a crime.
F. N. Delanoy of Alameda caller! upon
Postal Inspector Munro yesterday for the
purpose of having action taken against
the writer of scurrilous anonymous let
ters addressed to him. He received yes
terday morning a postal card with the
following inscription:
ALAMEDA. Jan. 4.
The eommitte is on. to you and Inside of
twenty-four hours you will be cold in death.
Take time by the forlock and flee.
THE ALEMADA HIGHBINDERS SOCIETIE
TON a NO. 1.
Mr. Delanoy gave Chief Inspector
Munro the name of the man whom lie
suspected to be the writer of ihe postals
and the letters which he had been re
ceiving', but the Inspector declined to
make the name public. Mr. Munro said
that sealed letters containing scurrilous
matter were not within his province as
violations of the postal laws, but that
postal cards bearing abusive, dunning or
threatening matter came within his do
main, and that if Mr. Delanoy would
place him in possession of evidence con
necting the person named with the au
thorship of the postal card he would
prosecute him and endeavor to have him
punished to tire full extent of the law.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
News of the Bay Cities ALMEDA OAKLAND BERKELEY
HALF A CENTURY OF
HAPPY MARRIED LIFE
9§AX FRANCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the Ban Francisco
Call, comer of Market ana Third streets, cpen
wntll 12 o'clock every right in the year.
ERANCII OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 8:20 p. m.
JiO Hayes ptreet; open until 9:80 p. m.
CM McAllister street; open untU »:W p. m.
c:5 Larkln etreet: open until S:SO p. CO.
D_ Miaslcn etr*et; open until 10 p. m.
ZXI Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; op«n
until J> p. m.
106 Ele\-enth 6treet; cpen until * p. tn.
ICJ6 Valencia etreet ; op»n until » p. ~-
1122 Polk street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest comer of Tw»r.ty-aeeond and Ken-
tucky streets: cpen until 9 p. in.
MEETING NOTICES.^
CALIFORNIA Coinaiandcrj' No. X. K. -
T.. No. 6 Post st.— lnsular assembly *&F*
TiSIS EVENING. Order of the Tern- JR|
l4a. All frutr-r* cordially Invited. W3
SIR JOHN TONNINGSEN. V
Commander.
-
TERBA BUENA Lorfre of Perfection •«*
No I— State.l — wtlng THIS (FR.I- f\
DAY) EVENING, at S o'clock. _ISV«
GEO. J. IIOBE. Secretary. <S£g
E.VN FRANCISCO Lodge No. J, »-*¥_»&*>
j ¦ • . • F\— lr.stai'.at.on of officer* i;__»s_S£
THIS (rXUDAY. EVENING. Jan-
vary C, at 8 o'clock. Visiting •^///»«
brut hers cordially Invited.
J. J. REGAN. N. G.
S. B. HUFFMAN. Secretary.
OFF1«~:EJ:S and members of Ophir
}'lea»e atiend tie meeting of the "=ssi*(<S=^'
lodge en JANUARY 5. Insta'.la- w
lion of officers. GEO. COLLIER. V. G.
REGULAR meetlcir of the Caledon- _ <y >.
lar. Club Tills EVENING, at S3S QpJ
o'clock, at tcottish Ball. 117 Lar- '&Ts*
tin tl. AICGUS McLEOD. Chief. V_3%
ANI'REW McNAin, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— Spring Valley Water Works
—The annual meeting of the etockholders of
the Spring Valky Water Works will be held
Gt the office cf the company. 126 Stockton St..
Pan Francisco. Cal.. at 11 o'clock m. on
WEDNESDAY, the 10th day of January. ISW.
to «l*ct trustees to serve fcr the ensuing year
end for the transaction of 6uch other "busi-
ness as tr.av come before the meeting.
PEJ.HAM __ AMES. Secretary.
ETOCKKOI-DEr.S' meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the California Dry •
Dock Company will be h*M nt th» office of
the cc— tptr.y. No. JC2 California street. San
FranclECu. Cal.. on MONDAY. January 8.
IM, at 31 o'clock c. in., for the purpose cf
*>cting a board c? directors to serve fcr the
•riEuinr vcar an 3 for the transaction cf fu?h
«~ther business a« may properly come befort
the rreeiirg:. W. F. RUSSELL. Secretary.
O'E^ No. SC2 California ft., room. I. San
Frc:)-!«ro. Cal . December 24. 1539.
ANNUAL cieetiTir— The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
filer **o— ipany will be fceli at their offlce.
f?7 ?.*ark»t Ft.. Fan Francisco. California, on
MONDAY, the eighth day of January. 1900.
et thf h.-ur cf 2 p. m.. for the purpose of
#!ectir.g a board of directors to servs for the
«>n«uins year, and the transaction of such
otjier business as may come before the meet-
•r fc ' CHARLES A. HUG. See.
Office. ST7 Market tt.. Saa Francisco. Cali-
fornia.
THE er.r.u&l rr seating of the stockholders of
The Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
<>.!.. will be held at its banking house, JOl
Montgomery *t.. Fan Francisco, Cal.. en
TUH^DAY. January 9. 1900. at 3:15 o'clock
ji. it., fcr the election of director* to serve for
ire ensuint: year, and th» transaction of such
«it!:er business as mny corn* before the meet-
lr.,T. GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
fcan Frarcisro. Deccrr.bT 9. 1?99.
ANNI'AL meet'.r.c-The REGULAR ANNUAL
MEETING rt the stockholders of the Pajaro
Vallty Consolidated Railroad Co. will be held
Xt the office cf the Company. 527 Market St..
Fan FrexcSsco. Cat., on MONDAY, the lcth
c"ar of January. 1?C?, at the hour of 11:15
'•'ctock a. m.. fr>r the purpose of electlnsr a
tj'ianS cf directors to serve for the ansulns
rear ari<J the transaction of mich ether busi-
ness as may come before the rncetlnir. Trans-
fer bocks will close en FRIDAY, January 12,
1900. at 3 o'clock p. — 1.
W. H. H ANNAM. Secretary.
BORROW on iV.amofiCs: aecrecy; private en-
tr-ir.<-»: r''. v a*-» rmi. Un<-'e Tfnrris. 15 G— int.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
APVICr: fre?: R. W. KING, room 15. first floor. !
Chronicle bu!l<Jlng; no advance charges: al!
cases; estate*, nortjrages. damages, collec-
tions: bankruptcy: wills, etc., drawn; moder-
ate fees: ca'.l or 'write.
ADVICE free; <sivcro« law a specialty: private;
r.o fee — ;thout euccss; collections. G. W.
HOWE atty at law. 859 Market, cor. iStocktn.
ADVICH tit*! r.o charp* unless eucc-esful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. £27 Market St.. r*pp. Mason.
F. H. MER7.RACH, Rttrrn'y at mw, has re-
fumf(i r raciice et tCJ Cal. st j Clunle bldg.
L. F. CLARK, "mm a Fprecke:.*- bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket rt.: consultation fr«»: ny f»M in a/Jvane#.
BOARD AND itOOMS.
A^TH*S~N'OR MAN^nnTA^rTHady^NewTSr^ur^
nished throughout: thoroughly renovated and
PBix»re<!: vunr.y full*..; and single rooms; hot
water in every roo.v'i; new management; ta-
ble b^-ardTs a<-cor-ajo3it»d: excellent table;
will tx» ready to receive sru^sts January i.
EDDY. 123-Ur.lv-:-d States Hctol; rooms $1 SO
wr-fk cp. wl'r-'b'ard t5 i 0; suite for two with
br.ard. III; I :ar>l. Si week; meals. 25c; ele-
vctor runs f. . r.igfct.
HOTEL F-iIP.MOUNT. 1714 Market — El'sant
nf~ fv--r.!ture; first-class in every respect:
tsl !e .. jtiEurp-ssM; hot and odd water; eie-
vp.tr..-. euitee. with board for 2. $30 month up.
>rr~»" family hotel; first-Haps in ell appolnt-
j.-Vi«nts: excellent table. *17 Callfcrnla et.. oc-
_- curving cnm»r orrx>s:te Grace Church.
' KICZXY furnished room with rxiard: home j
cocking; private family: E«*r.tlen;an preferred.
Address box 743. Ca'.l offlce.
"UELGRAVIA HOTEL." Po!k and Clay— Sun-
ny k:!Ip«; b— t board; for !. J45 up; single. $23.
HAIGHT. 222—2 or 3 sunny connecting rooms,
¦with board, for couple of gent!»men.
HOWARD. 1343-Room and excellent board, $M
pc"- month; home comforts.
LAS PALM AF. II2O Market Ft.- Suite of 2 or 3
m>*.: private; bath: fin. rms: board optional.
OTAHRrLL. 742— Clean. <v>mfortable rooms"; I
good horr.e choking: special rates to gents.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds I
paintings: f>rrwv. I'nr> Harris. 15 Grant.
BOARD AND ROOKS WANTKIX
iIIDPLE-AGET* tfntleman wanta r&om~an4
board In private hnuw where no other board-
ers a— • kr-nt: widow's house preferred. Box
<ES4. Call office.
BOAHD and ro^rn with fire Jn private family
quift.. P,.;x 4152. Call. '
ANY nmouM to loan yon nn diamonds; lo— bt-
trr~t. t'Sat; KAKTU?. V. Oraftt ay»,
BOOKS — SEW~TNir~O_Dr
fiCHOOIT UOOKs" '~tourtr~ena~Vx7tenle'd'
Holmes Rook Cr.. 7f;4 Ml«sioa gt.. near Third.
£O£TS_ AM>JSHOt«r
ei'KCIAL— Ladies' fine white bride randans
<Freuch hetls); Facial price, only Jl a Da'r
P-OPUS'S SHOE STORE. "Cheapest of
Tr.-rr; Al:. 12 it rt.. nr. Broadway.
IJISINKSS CHANCES^
A— SCO— CIGAU Jtnd candy etore; renTVi- very
best location north of Market st.; a first-class
RJS^i-^_!?_f_ laree Btock - Call R <*•
V II.KE, HI Market et.
A— I7CO; COFFEE ea'.ocn and chop house- rent
Jli; open day ar,d cl^ht and doing a first-class
paying Lu^ness. Call R. G. WILKE, iOC
A— s:,«!: FRUIT and grocery, with horse and
-aeon: dally receipts $20; rent $29; fall value
in Eight; a so:er.d:d chance. Call R. o
. triLKK. SOC Market st.
W O —SALOON" : established >•>*«; l***. J;
wanted; Market ami Mason Fts. ; first-class-
laying: value cf furniture and stock JUW; a
S !< __rk^2? ln> I ' artlcular » «• G - WILKE.
A— JtVA; THH leading restaurant and oyster
l—rlors on Market tt.. close to Powell; open
day and r.lßbt; clcartns about $3io per month-
ioar*. Call R. G. WILKK. i*C Market it
. A— SiCf; Gi:OCEUY Jn Oakland, with ~hon>« juid
-_T<~: rent J!0; a gt.od paying business- ail
fresh stock. « ali R. <J. WILKE. K>6 Market.
A— ty-A; RESTAURANT] arid^ cliioß
boure.. «-:th ca'.ly receipts cf 130; only flrn-
class prices; rent $)j: the be*t location in this
__c:iy. Call It. O. «t_KE.-.»ot Market st.
A— CORNER raloon with J years' lease~ln
*vho!rsale district; place established years-
clearing from $300 to J4OU pr-r month: no b-tter
offer in market. R..0. WILKE. 5)06 Market.
A— ; 400; DELICACY Here and branc!i~bakery~
on Larkin st. ; rent 513; good paying business'
fine place for 2 ladies or man and wife Ca'i
R. G. WILKE. »0« Market Ft.
boO— PARTNER wanted; profitable business
Mclaughlin & co.. 777'^ Market n,
IS'jy— RESTAURANT nnd lodging house; old-es-
tablithcd Ijusin'-s-fc: owwr retiring on account
of old ate. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^
Maiket et.
• W ANTED — For cash buyers, fcutcher shop,
whoie or half fharf : manufacturing businens,
¦w!:ole or half fhare; cigar stand: lodglng-
rious**. ECHOTTLER & CO.. €32 Market et.
£><> WILL Ktart you In wi'-fitted up restaurant.
FCIIOTTLER & CO.. 632 Market st.
JIMiO— SALOON in the Potrero. near Union Iron
Works; ftiM value tn stock; rent $20 month.
EA£ILE. 3 Eddj- sU
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
CIGAR store on Market St.; elcknees causa cf
«a'.e. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; corner; fine place; must b«
gold. COWING _ CO.. 1130 Market St.
CANDY etore. with rooms: cheap rent; must
cell. COWING & CO.. 11S0 Market tt. |_
ROOMING house; north of Market St.; big bar-
galn; gickneßs. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market.
BRANCH bafcerv. with rooms; bargain- slck-
r.egs cause. c6wiNG &. CO.. 1130 Market st.
SALOON en Market Et.: see It to-day. COW-
ING & CO.. :130 Market st.
A— f.4OO— RESTAURANT; 3 blocks from Market
St.; good location; doing nice, steady business:
nicely fitted: new furniture; call and investi-
gate. STENBERG CO.. 2»Va Kearny st.
?jf>X>— G ROCERY and delicacy: lx?st town Kings
Co.; $75 dally. KREDO & CO.. S2',ii Geary St.
$2CO— GROCERY and bar at Invoice: good cor-
ner; $15 daily. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary Bt.
$700— SALOON with clubrcoms close to the
Baldwin; fine location: good business; cheap
rent; snap. JONES _ CO.. &C 5 Market st.
oFFEREs>— Limited a— tount of stock In the
most jirumislng group of gold mines In this
Elate, at $1 per chare; continuous dividends
enured v.ithin six months. Call or address
Mm Call bu!ld!ng.
SMALL capital required to place patent bearing
strictest investigation; principals only dealt
with by letter to STEPHEN O'KEEFFE, at-
torney, Parrott building, city.
FOR pale— 3-cha!r barber ehep and cigar stand;
cheap; owner v.-isht-s to leave city. Apply at
DECKELMA.N BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
PATENT right for sale; great fortune for cigar
and Cindy manufacturer: sample. 143 Third
St., bread and milk depot.
FOR sale— Liquor store. Including building and
lease; with or without stock. Apply to owner,
220 Ea«t st.
I HAVE money to Invest in mining:. Address
NEW YORK, box 4179. Call. V
I HAVE $14,000 of preferred stock to sell In
blocks of $500 and up; backed dollar for dol-
lar by bonds: equally as good as Government
bonds: this stock is guaranteed to draw 5 per
cent, payable In advance seml-annually. with
a good prospect of earning from 25 to 30 per
cent; open to th« fullest investigation. Ad-
dress box 4530. Call offlce.
HALF Interest for cale— Partner wanted In
sporting saloon situated in sporting part of
town. Parties interested apply Scandla Sa-
loon. 433 Bush St.; only email capital needed
to make Improvements; piano, private apart-
ments, etc.
SALOON; the best in the city for price; corner
e'.&p entrance to «"afe; good business and
rtock: bargain. 632 Market St., room 6.
CHOICE business for sale at a bargain; a
beautiful assortment of opals and Mexican
enttque curies. Address box 4519. Call offlce.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter; rent
and more In work. WM. HENDRICKSON
& CO., 6.4 Call office.
WANTED— To purchase, half interest in coun-
try barber shop. Address box 4159, Call office
$iS6— WELL-ESTABLISHED delicacy rtore fop
tale. Address box 41SS. Call office.
$250— HALF interest in dining room of hotel
having £30 rooms. Apply 743 Mission st.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. fO3 Second St.,
rear South Park.
BRANCH bnkery and stationery store for sale
cheap. 1?34 Mission st.
NICE store, suitable for any business. 128
O'Farrell, opp. Orpheum: apply 15 Grant aye.
COFFEE and tea n>ute« supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and eubs-riptiong has been opened
at J223 Polk st; cp»n until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements anil
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*übscr!pltr.n s has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts ; open until 9 p. rr 1.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY. a.!eo laundry wagon: fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, r.*w; bus. wagons,
iiew. fultable dry goods stores. S2S Harrison.
NETVand2d-hand wagons. bugvW, carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses. l*th and Valencia.
ALL kinds cf wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
100 PETS second-hand harness; wagrons, carts,
buggies, surreys and hordes. 1140 Folsom Bt.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHKN you l*ccme disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3C3-3.V7 Tehama Ft.; tel. S. 40.
J. eTmITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning. Sc per yard: teL Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4:3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
t»! Main Z'M. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
I DENTISTS. ¦ j
A NEW anaesthetic for' painless dentistry— .
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; pee our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 2i
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. t :
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood, bldg., you can
. liav« your extractlona done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P.. Manager.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
PARTS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, ccr. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per .week ; refer to 6000
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Bth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, lac. : 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S3O Market.
DRESSMAICERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
8. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 303 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3SJ Geary St.; dresses
made, Jo up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory-; all kinds pleat-
ing, p'nking. 121 Poet, over O' Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post s.t.. 8. F.—
Practical 'oourses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, archt. ; day and even. ;
est. ISC4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her 6horthand graduates- lessons
persona.lly and by mail; day and eve. SO2 Mont.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted i«>rsor.ally by Mr. ond Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $30, Includes all branches.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. 904 Taylor st.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 OFarrell Ft.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 100S Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Halt.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reaeonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 17.
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Easter term begins Jan. 7.
E M PLOY3IENT OFFICES. ~
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp AgencyTalTklnds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 132 L
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 635 Clay st.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post st. ; phone Main 1356.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce
be?t help. 414H OTarrell st.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SWEDISH house girl; good cook and house-
worker; best references. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH second girl; good waitress and
seamstress; year's references. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook'
$15 to $ZO. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell St., tel.
Main £332— Two young German-American girls
desire situations as nurseglrls; grown child.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 41S Powell St.. tel.
Main 5332 — Al American cook awaits position.
WANTED— Experienced waltreps and chamber-
maid desires situation in country hotel; good
references; wagrs J2O and fare one way. Ad-
dress box 432, Hay wards, Cal.
YOUNG French lady, rpeaking French and
English, wishes a position as governess and
nurse In private family: good experience with
children. Add. MISS M. CAILLA. Postofflce.
EXPERIENCED joung woman wishes cham-
berwork in hotel and lodging-house; $20 per
month; good waitress. Box 4346. Call office.
2 YOUNO Swedish glrlH wish situations in San
Jose to do second and general housework.
Box 4&SS. Call offle*.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— .SUMS. j
A SOBER single man. with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
and steady worker, who knows every disease
of trees and. the remedy for It, and gruaran-
• tees every tree he plants, would like a steady.
; responsible position at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and pert on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and give particulars,
box 7421. Call offlce.
BARTENDER, sober, honest; 2 years last
place; can give reference; would like posi-
tion. Please address CHARLES WILKIN-
BON. 1036 McAllister st. ¦
SOBER middle-aged German wants position in
_ private family; understands cai-e of garden,
horees. cow, etc.; city or country; wages $15.
AddreßS box 41S1. Call. .- ¦ : -.'-.
BARBER— Good, steady barber wants situation;
city or country: wages moderate. Address
box 1573. Call offlce.
WANTED— Position by young man; 5 years'
experience in hardware and stovo business.
¦ . Box 4255, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position to run
elevator; best references. Box 4533. Call.
BORROW money on dUmonds and watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
RELIABLE man. understanding citrus, de-
ciduous and ornamental trees, horses, garden,
wants to care for home place; private family;
references. Address A. L. 8.. 641 Bush st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore ts.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements iind
fubscrlpUons has been established at U9il Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tieements and subscriptions has been opened
at K23 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts.: open till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market St.. San Francisco: exam, free.
1 " 8 TO LE Z!!
ELEGANT new flat; 6 rooms and bath; large
basement. 715 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
$11— FLAT. 4 rooms; marble mantel; folding
doors. 715 Tehama at., near Eighth.
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant avo.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
6 BIRCH aye.— 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — Sunny upper flat of 3 or i rooms in
this city or Oakland by mother and 6on.
Box 41S8. Call.
FREK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643, Los Angeles, Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 30x60 inch rugs.
. $1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
>t., near Broadway; open evenings.
HANDSOME ash bedroom set; no dealers. £07
Eighth st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 3353.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price pa4d: postal. M. Silversteln. 1121 Market.
HELP "WANTED— FE3IALE.
at~cTr7 liA^K^^coTsT^orGSAny^F.
Nurse girl to take entire charge of 2 children:
$15; references; no office fee. Apply C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GIRL for light upstairs work and car* of 2
children; references; no offlce fee. Apply C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st ;
20 WAITRESSES, city and country, $20; cham-
bermaid, to wait, mining boarding house,
$30; 3 fancy lroners wanted for hotel. South-
ern California. $30 and found, special rates;
6 chambermaids. Southern California. $20,
special rates. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., IC4
Geary st.
WANTED— Second girl, Menlo Park. $25; walt-
rej-e and seamstress, $25; 6 second girls, $20; 2
Scandinavian clrls for same house, as cook
and second girl, $25 and $20; 3 girls as assist-
ants for institution, $15 and $lfe; 4 Scandina-
vian cookß, plain wash, $30; Scandinavian girl,
generu.l housework, 3 in family, $25; cook,
small country hotel. $2r>; nurse, care of child,
$20; 3 waitresses, nice boarding houses, $20; 2
Protestant laundresses, $25 and $30; 2 hotel
waitresses, country, $20; 175 servants of all na-
tionalities to till our situations for housework
! HELP WANTED — FEMALE. I
LADIES to learn barber trade; only requires
eight weeks to learn this very profitable busi-
ness; hairdresslng taught in four weeks. Call
or write for free Illustrated catalogue. MO-
LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia fit. ¦ :•;--
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk gt.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP "WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY........ PHONE MAIN 5543
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M.
14 farmhands $26, $20 and found
12 pruners, 51,000 vines $26 and found
6 milkers. 4 teamsters, city.. s3o, $26 and found
5 choremen and boys for farms
$20, $15, $10 and found
143 woodchoppers, tlemakers, post and picket
makers $2, $1 50, $1 70 cord. 10c and 12c each
3 fanners, choremen and wives.. $35, $30 and fd
20 laborers for sawmills, etc.. s2o to $40 and fd
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL. BAKERY, butchers' and other help.
11 cooks, different Jobs.. s4s. 135, $30, J25 and fd
5 waiters and boys..J3s, $30, $25, $20, $15 and fd
waiter, tend bar, country, see boss here
$30 and found I
elevator Loys. boys for stores, dishwashers:
baker, $35 and fd: 2 third hands, $!•}, $25 and fd
2 butchers, near city $52 to $60
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST
Teamßters, scraper holders and dumpmen for
the Coast Road; free fare.
Hoisting engineer for a mine, $2 B0 a day;
fireman fcr a mine. $1 75 a day; blacksmith,
country shop, $50 and board; milker, country,
$25.
Baker and pastry cook, hotel, $50; second
cook, restaurant, $50; 2 neat young German
waiters, first-class place. $40; 2 hotel waiters,
$30; bellboy, country hotel-. $15. C. R. HAN-
SKN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper; country hotel; $60 to
$75 and found.. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Driver for milk wagon. $25 to $30
and found: man about place and wife. $£0 to
$55; American farmer. $25. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cook, first-class restaurant,
$50; cook, small coffee house, $25 and found;
waiters, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— A traveling salesman for a Jobbing
house dealing In farming implements and ve-
hicles: state references and salary desired.
Address box' 4973. Call offlce.
WANTED— Boy about 16 years of age, residing
with parents; references. Apply at MARSH
& KIDD CO.. E26 Market, bet. 9 and 9:20 a, m.
WANTED— A younjr man for clothing store:
must have city reference; wages from $10 to
$12 per week. Box 4585. Call.
WANTED— Strong, willing youth accustomed
to the meat business. Oak-st. market., cor.
Oak and Franklin sts.
WANTED— Steady man to assist in light out-
door work; will pay $16 per week; must have
$100. 101S Market st.. room 10.
YOUNG man to fill responsible position; honest
and willing to work; $150 cash security re-
quired. Box 4SS7. Call.
MEN and womm to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
BOYS wanted to learn printing and bookbinding
business. THE HICKS-JUDD CO.
SEAMEN end green hands for cruise south.
327 Pacific st.
MAN to work on milk cans. Apply. 7 and 10
at 533 Mission tt.
CHINESE boy, cook and waiter, wishes situa-
tion In family. W. Y. F., 21 Brenham place.
BOOTBLACK wanted at barber shop. 1333
Market ft.
SHOEMAKER; steady work. 756 Howard st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 616 Sutter st.
WANTED— Strong boy for bakery; on« with
experience preferred. 32 Sixth ft.
WANTED— Two barbers for Saturday. 737 Mis-
sion st.
BARBER wanted Friday evening, Saturday and
Sunday. Twentieth and Kentucky sts.
YOUNG man as porter In barber shop. The
Modern, 34 Fourth st.
WANTED — Third hand cake baker; wages $30.
911 Vi Larkin st.
WANTED— A waiter at 19 Powell St.
SOBER steady man with small capital In good
1 paying business. 79 Third st.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
18-ROOM house; all new; central $750
17-room house; rent $50 450
65-room house; clears $450 4000
10-room house; nice home 325
65-room house; clears $200 IStO
Money loaned. Gale & Benson, 320 Parrott bid.
GREAT sacrifice— lo rooms, with piano; good
location;' cheap rent; must go at once. GALE
& BENSON. 320 Parrott building. -¦¦ ¦¦ ¦
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. 1224 — Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 £0.
9-ROOM house; 313^4 O'Farrell St., near Mason,
rear entrance; fine location. Apply 15 Grant.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; polite at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Gentleman's gold watch with fob at-
tached in going from 403 Turls st. to Crocker |
building. Please return to 429 Turk; liberal |
reward.
LOST— New Year' 3 morning, on Halght. near
Webster, small black nnd tan dog; collar and
license No. 2739; $3 reward If returned to 420
, Halsht st.
LOST — Book of sheet music. Zlromer composer.
Reward at 2164 Fifteenth st.
LOST— Jnn. 1. a pair of field glasses. In Valen-
cla-st. station. Pleaee return to J. W. PET-
TEK. 2503 Leavenworth sL, and receive lib-
eral reward.
LOST— New Year's eve, sealskin cape, on
Rausch or Langton st. Return to 1141 Howard
tt.; reward.
LOST— lvory crooked-head cane: appreciated by
owner as a relic: will pay reward If returned
to room 6. 22S Post st; no questions asked.
ON the 24th— Fox terrier slut: black spot on
head; has pups. Return to 1423 Turk; reward.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
stclan and specialist of long and successful
practice: private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at offlce. J5: safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market st.. between Ma-
son and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
ciallst. formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
offlce $5; warranted; 15 y»ars" successful prac-
tice In S. F. Offlce, 113 Eddy at., near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients In confine-
ment cr with chronic diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyds and Lar-
Yin: hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: cafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousand*
¦ of cases successfully; treatment can be «*sed
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
t»ed. Write or call at 1023^ Market St.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pins 2751; res.. 1212 Golden Gate aye.
lA\. POPPER, ladles' physician lor 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 31S Kearny at.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 1223 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment J3.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market St.; hours W
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; at rer.ldence, 22S Van Ness
aye.. 5 to 9p. m. ; guaranteed treatment. $5.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. HIS Market
St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ElO Eddy St.. bet. Hyda
and Larkin: hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to ».
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dla-
ea«»s nf the human body. 115 Mason st.
JUNES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers: quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 5") cents per share or monthly install-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California «t.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Bta
floor. Mills hulMlng. S F. : tel. Main 544.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. IDS-IS 7 Fremont st.
BARS, counters, ahowcases. shelving, mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. K63 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, offlce furniture, store and of-
flea furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J..NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixth.
BICYCLE, '99 model, nearly new, highest grade
manufactured, cost $40. owner going north, ;
will sacrifice for $18 cash. Box 4178, Call. I
CANARY bird*: see. h»ar and buy. at LOH-
MANN'S, 31GS Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
CHOICE canary for sale. $2 30; also female. 722
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
ETRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 233 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
_ ______________—_——— |
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 3in. 927 Market ft.
CLAIRVOYANTS Aj^^^JJ^^^:
MRS. DX. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
f!;e reveals every hidden mystery; she will
show you Unw to overcome your enemies: re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections:
unite the separated; recovers lost cr stolen
property; locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while in a perf'-ct trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stnmo for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st.. nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
A-PROFESSOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK STREET.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble: unites the separated and
restores lost affection; if in doubt, trouble or
adversity call en this gifted medium and he will
help you; medium* developed In from 3 to 6
months; lfttern containing three questions and
$1 answered: hours. 9 to S; Sunday, 10 to 2.
NOTICE— DR. CRAIG, California's well-known
an<l succ^sfui clairvoyant physician, re-
turned and opened offices at 17 Powell et.:
consultation and examination of all diseases
fr**: satisfaction guaranteed In all spiritual-
istic work; readings by appointment and
special attention slven to corr»srx>ndents.
IIME. A. CF.KVANTES. the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best auvlce In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes Ft., room 7, *»eond floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market St., trance,
teft medium: life reador and medical clalr-
vcyant: treats all diseases; sittings $1.
ATTEND -Mrr. Harland'u circle to-nleht: or-
tides read; 10c; life readings daily. 34 Sixth.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth. 2. 8 p.
m., 14 McAllister st.. r. 35; admission 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance.
In. m.; 25c. 409 Leavenworth Kt.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent Elate writer.
"¦3O Ellis st.: circle Sun. and Wtd. evenlncs.
MME. HANSON. :>almistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth st.. r. 12.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted '74 rescued stmr Gold. 225 Mason, r. 7.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921 V4 Mission, op. Mint.
tUIS. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. WINCHESTER, 1610 Clay— Circle to^
night. S; Tuesday. J p. m.; consultation dally.
MME. ZEREDA of i Seventh »t. Is the original
gypsy life reader: readings, 25c.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 914 Howard
Ft.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. — i.
MME. feUAFFKR. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
ttnps daily. 212' i Eixth et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. b Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's plrtur». 2.V: Indies. 914 O'Farrell nt.
j ~~~" T**~* ~— ~* — ~~_? ;
: IJOG HOSPITAL.
j XjYl. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. TostTFTllrnore.—
Advice and medlclr.e 75c; city visits $1 50; ail
anlrr.alK treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 6.16.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. UIGOINS I "dental" parlors. 927
Market et., over Cafe Ztnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums: the best and most artistic dental
¦work at reasonable prices; purs gold nllines
from $i up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and tilled or
<rowr.ed without pain: plates that tit from
$4 to up; open evenings and Sundays.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell ci.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret in. thud; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 flrat
prltea; no ttudents; guaranteed it years. ¦
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
epecialty; all work reasonable; saa given.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, good cook, kind to
children wlth«»a position as housekeeper; city
or country. Call CS-76 Ellis St.. r. 131. 1 to 3.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
ing or washing; $1 25 and carfare. Send postal
to 127 Turk «t.
YOUNG woman wishes petition as housekeeper.
Address, box 4E32, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wants situation;
city references. Call 1022 Larkln St.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by day or
at home: city references. Box 4883, Call.
COMPETENT elderly woman wishes position to
care for Invalid; is willing to do light house-
work; best of references. Address or call 618
Flllinore st., bet. Fell and Hayes.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman of experience; good
cook: reference; wants situation as working
housekeeper. Call Germanla Gardens, Harbor
View.
RELIABLE woman, with a boy S years old.
wishes a situation as working housekeeper.
Call cr address J. G.,'1723 Devlsadero St., near
Sutter.
SEAMSTRF.SS desires position to do second
work and sewing or chamberwork; seam-
strees. 1216 Filbert st.
LADY with fine upright piano would exchange
its use and lessons for room and board. Box
1574, Call. . :;:>; '>.¦
DRESSMAKING— A perfect fitter in tailor and
evening suits wants engagements at $1 25 per
day. 244 Taylor st.
A YOUNG lady wants position as cashier or
work In offlce. Address box 4187, Call offlce.
LADY will sew for comfortable home; wages
no object: musical. Box 4349. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position a s- accompanist on
the piano with one or more Instruments. Ap-
ply f34D Howard st.
GERMAN girl, good washer and ironer, wishes
work for few more days, steady, every week.
41S Powell st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to take car* of a
ch<ld or an invalid. Address 222 B St., North
Oakland. .*-•;
EXPERIENCED saleslady seeks position 4in
bakery. 1530 Folsom St.
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engagements by ladies In confinement. MRS.
V.OLTER. 132 Sixth st. - ¦
WINCHESTER House, 4t Third st, near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 B0 night; $160 to $6
week; convenient nnd respectable; free 'bus
ond baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlcn* has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st— ; open till S d. in.
BORROW money of the 'respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Graut aye.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103< Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions ban been opened
nt 1272 Polk *t. : open until 9 p. m.
ESI I'LO VM EN T WANTED MALE.
DRUMMER wants a job; can handle anything;
thoroughly acquainted; well known In grocery
and liquor trade; a rare chance for some one.
Address box 4833, Call office.
PASTRY cook and confectioner; young man
Just out from England requires poHltion as
second or third in first-class place; high
wages not expected. Box 4531, Call offlce.
RELIABLE man wants work with private fam-
ily; understands trees, roses and general
gardening; also horses, cows and fowls; good
references. Box 1566, Call office.
BOBER, steady young man deslrea a position
as porter or pantryman, with best of refer-
ences. Address box 1571, • Call office.
POSITION in small grocery store for very
small wages by a man of experience and
highest references. Box 4177. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS plumber, gasfltter and tinner
wants employment in or out of town. Ad-
dret-g F. 1). X.. 1235 Mqrket st.
YOUNG married man desires position at offlce
work; 10 years' experience: haa a type-
wrlter of his own. Address box 4S4S. Call.
MAN of good habits will work inside whole-
sale house, winery or any : inside work. Box
4190. Call office. . ¦
YOUNG man wishes work in machine shop to
complete trade. Addrecs box 4201. Call office.
in city and country at J23 and $20. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 31G Sutter nt.
COOK, institution, $40, see party here; cook.
$30; 2 cooks, $25 each; house girl, 2 in family,
}25; 2 second girls, $25 and $20: waitress, in-
stitution, $15; middle-aged woman, light work,
$13 to $H>; nurse girl, $15; cook and second girl,
same house, $25 and $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, small country hotel. $20. fare paid:
ranch cook, Santa Clara Co., $20. MURRAY
& READY, G34 and 636 Clay St.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 419 Powell st— 2 Ger-
man, Swedish nurseglrls, $20 each; 2 German
second girls.
COMPETENT girl for general housework In
small family; German cooking; good wages;
references. Call 2197 Devlsadero 6t., near Clay.
WANTED— Good strong girl for general house-
work. 4050 Twenty-fourth St.; take Castro-
st. car.
YOUNG German or Swedish girl for cooking
and housework. Call from 9 to U o'clock,
2597 Howard St.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to do gen-
eral housework and plain cooking; wages
$18. Apply 11 Scott St., after 9 a. m.
GERMAN girl or woman for general house-
work; wages $18 to $20. 2539 Twenty-fourth
St., bakery.
STRONG girl; downstairs work and cooking;
wages $20. Call bet. 9 and 12, at 701 Buchanan
St., cor. Fulton.
YOUNG Eirl wanted to take care of child 6
rears old. Call between 9 and 12 to-day at
2203 Buchanan st.
2CO OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear
to take work home. 723 Market St., room 33.
OPERATORS wanted in factory on ladles' un-
derwear. 7-3 Market St., room 35.
Al BOOKKEEPER; must have city reference.
Box 4SS4, Call.
SMALL girl to mind child; sleep home; $6.
1105 Franklin st. •
APPRENTICES to help on skirts. Call for 4
days S6S Mission St., room 7.
GIRL assist liffht housework, care of two chil-
dren; $10. 711 Leavenworth at..
FIRST-CLASS skirt trimmer; none but experl-
enced need apply. 336 O'Farrell St. -
WANTED — Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 410 Kearny at., room 20.
WANTED— GirI to assist In light housework;
eleep home. 251 Harriet st. -.>-;-
WANTED— GirI to wait on table. 662 Fulton
street. ¦•¦'.:--; -¦;
GIRL for cooking and housework; wages $20;
reference. 1533 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; must b«
willing and reliable. 1325 Clay st.
DRESSMAKER, first-claws. Apply at Cl 6 Sut-
ter st.
COOK wanted: wages $30. Apply at 1257 Octa-
via St..
YOUNG girl to watt at table. Call £13 Post
street.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist in light
housework. 2241V4 Sutter; roll immediately.
WANTED— Good cook willing to do smal:
¦ washing and eomo general housework; refer-
ences. Apply before noon at 2322 Howard st.
OPERATORS on waists nnd wrappers; good,
rteady girls; good pay. NBWBAUER BROS.,
16 First st.
EXPERIRNCF.D lady canvassers on salary, ad-
vertising a California production in city and
country. Addrrss box ICOI, Call.
GERMAN girl, general housework: good wages.
923 Halght St.. bet. Devlsadero and Uroderlck.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure; al«
girl to learn. 210 Stockton Et.
WANTED — First-class tailoress on custom
pants. 411^ Kearny st.
GOOD, reliable girl for general housework. Cal
at 233 Third aye.: Geary-st. cars.
BORROW money on sealskins. Fllverware: low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15. Grant aye.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; pale
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
' ncr Gouch and Grove sts.
WOMAN and girls on steam power sewing ma
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shir
Factory. 364 Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week." Easterc
Outfitting Co., 1206 Stockton, near Broadway.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver and collect;
salary $15 a week and expenses. Address
Manufacturer. P. O. box 1027. Phlla.. Pa.
MESSENGER boy: apply in own handwriting;
state age and give references. P. O. box 2048.
WANTED— A boy at Hayes Valley Printing and
Stationery Co.. 310 Hayes st.
BARBERS— 3 chairs and complete outfit at a
bargain. 911 O'Farrell St.
ACTIVE men and women everywhere to take
orders for "Life of Moody," the great evange-
list: sells at sight; sample enabling you to
make from $3 to $7»dailv. by mail free on re-
quest. Address Globe Bible Pub. Co., 72J
Chestnut st.. Philadolphia. Pa.
RELIABLE man to drive wagon, solicit and
deliver orders at the American Clothing Ren-
ovatory. Dyeing and Cleaning Works; small
capltnl required. Apply to GUS BERNZOTT.
150 Eddy st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
BORROW money on diamonds and watchen;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: constant practice; expert In-
struction; Jectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month; call or write for f.ree
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
COc. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver »iouse, 217 Third st. ; l.*o large
rooms; 25c Der night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J. 11. SHKPARD & CO., attor-
— neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c nlcht: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ¦!-¦-''
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subneriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and Subscriptions nas been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th"»
northwest corner of Twentj'-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth Bt.: auction sales rvory Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 nnd 1G25 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine'matchfd black teams.
BUSINESS mare. $30: top buggy, $20; road cart,
$12; light wagon. $30. 19 City Hall aye.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team, 16V6: 10 years
old. DAL7.IEL. Vet. Dentist. Cor. G. G. Aye.
HOLSES— LODGING — FOR SALE.~~
INSURANCE r'cUTMdONE Y TO LOAn!
$2600 — 20 rooms; Geary, near Powell.
$ISCO— 2B rooms; rent $75.
$550—8 rooms— On Unton Square.
$3000— 20. rooms; Sutter st., near Mason.
2700—23 rooms; O'Farrell, near Leavenworth.
J3oo— lo rooms; Hyde, near Eddy.
$SoO— l3 rooms; Kills, near Leavenworth.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market at.
R. 11. WINSTON & CO., 102G Market St.
P.ELIABLE BROKERS
30 rooms; new house; new furniture $2000
44 rooms; corner; part cash; rent $125 2000
S4 rooms; corner: part cash... SWO
34 rooms; part cash; corner •. 1250
33 rooms; corner; rent $123; elegant 2000
.13 -rooms; piano: elegant 850
14 ROOMS; well furnished: rent $40 JJSO
11 rooms: all rented; rent $20 273
40 rooms; fine location; rent $75 1000
100 rooms at great bargain: rent $200...... 3600
Co r.: rent $100; $1700. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$700— LODGING-HOUSE. 18 rooms, north of
Market st. ; bargain If. sold to-day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 77714 Market su
iiayes si.
1 H. B. SMITH 4-slded sticker: 1 Goodell <&
Waters planer & matcher. 24xS: 1 air com-
pressor; 1 band saw; 5 locomotives; 3 strs.
220 Fremont st.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st.. S. F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
533 Market St.. San Francisco.
2 LARGE fireproof safes cheap at RAPHAEL'S,
Kearny and Sacramento sts.
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 300 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
DRESS pants, $2 73; fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery, st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes,
iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 133 Beat*.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinet; 54 lights. Ad-
dress box 4154, Call office.
NEW No. GS Majestic range, with steam table
and cooker. Address box 4193, Call office.
"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian mandolin at a
bargain. Plaza Loan office, 702 Kearny st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
oak; complete: cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 13th.
MAGIC lanterns; new and second-hand: acety-
lene generators. Bullaxd & Breck, 131 Post st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN,
reliable Jeweler, IC3 Sixth St.. below Allsslon.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, Cl 6 Mission.
BUYS, soils, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, 2d-hand. Whitelaw.2!6 Spear.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEK-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
SECOND-HAND typewriter, modern makt»;
must be In good condition and a bargain for
spot cash. Address, giving maker's name,
ate, particulars, etc. Box 1557. Call.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. E25 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED— Painters' falls; call early. 323
Gclden Gate aye.
LOT of old windows and tank closets; must b«
cheap. Address box 1354. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays; try all ethers, then see me; $50
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, C 32 Market.
HIGHLY respectable private place to oDtaln
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry ai low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, SIB Marklt
at.; tcl. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
AXY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real est.c- in pio-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no da-
lay: Bet my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per c?.n, first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, iut.-rest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; «l attf 1
mortgages; confidential; nil ice fr?e. G. E.
OLSIiN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle blilg.
ON real estate, Ist or Cnd m^ng-ises, cad c-n
furniture or pianos; no ¦¦•mov:»!; nny amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 2fi Montgomery st.
MOST ro'lable 4 lace to borrow on diamonds^
watches. Jewelry. W. J. I.E3THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old rfold Mlver. tllamor.ds.
ANY amount by private party on funufure anl
pianos: no removal: low rpt»j; coutldential.
BONELLI. Conservatory Mdg. !¦*.'> l'jw.-ll *t.
AT 126 Kearny. rm. 9, respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; low-st
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 9K.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, rjulck
service; money direct; lowest Interest; Roonut
6S and 69. Donohoe buildins. 1170 Market at.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorscr. MORRELL. 609. Examiner buiid:ng.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorsee:
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan L.uildlns.
$5X> TO $50,000; lowest rate*; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, U3 Mcntsoin«r/.
MONEY TO LO \^^_^__ W _,
„ -^ ,^i> -rasa s'g-?":
~ MONEY WA> 2!^l—.
wTNTlSD^s"2CCroT~flr7r^ortgage. AdJress
box 1534. Call office. _
MUSICAL IN ST^^j^j^jJ. 5 ?: .
AGAIN that T^^^JS
chare your medium itnrt low-pr ic '« J>
where they can be exchange, 'or a- ¦ .
within three years and Jj^'fg^^B^S*
price allowed. We are sclk.ig n^ wu i *
pianos for $6 per month, a-.d "|^J2_i___S
and Sutter sts.. Ban Francisco; cor. *Mr
teenth ana Broadway. Oakland. —
PACKARD piano* an.l organs are -'all right.
Agency at MAUVAiS'. .-3 Market st. ;
THE sale of "Baby" Deckera during the fcoll-
dav* was unprecedented. A new supply jus*
receive, at MAL'VAIS'. Tf.3 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS for K ramo P ho , n . c 9' K AL af) il^
phones. Oiympia music boxes. a , s , b ?"?.? n . d
Ideal guitars. Stewart banjos. JIALVAia.
7»» Market st. *-.':•¦¦¦? ..
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and JMP^JJgJ*
west of Chicaso ts KOHLER &¦ CHA&L o.
2(5. 23 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs ana
all other musical Instruments of all gra i«
and prices: terma easy; prices l° w(?st ; ETJJZ
thing possible done to please and satio.y t»*
customer.
KNAUE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. Si> O'Farrell st. %
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. U. ii. %\, $4. $4 per month.
2 Chickeririßs. 2 Steinways. 1 Vose 4 Bons ana
50 other slightly used high and medium gra^a
pianos; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis st.
UPP.IGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg" : pro-
nounced by experts the best In S. F. ; neany
new. of solid construction: w onderful power
and sweetness of tone: value $SCO; to be sola
for only iOOO cash. K36 Market St.. room ul.
AGENTS— Conover pianos, the artists' favorite;
musicians invited to call and critically exam-
ine and make comparlsonsi Spencer Piano
House. ISIS Market St.; send for catalogues.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos: prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 224 Poat st. _____
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davla p;anos.
FINE upright piano, llttla used, cheap fo*
cash. 1319 Powell. _
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S, 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary at.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano; only $oO cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per montn.
Scott-Curtas Piano Ca. 560 Hayes st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORXUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. U
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, xithers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham placw.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
7 ROOMS, bath- elegantly furnished; 1 block
west of Chronicle and 50 feet from Market st. ;
suitable for professional men. A. M. SPECiC
& CO.. G67 Market St.
$14— STORE and 3 living rooms. Southwest cor-
nsr of Ellla and Scctt sts.
32S AND 3:s Pacific St.— 2 handson is larga stores
to let: cneap to good tenant.
PERSONALS.
WIDOW, a stranger, 41)4 1 ) years of age, would
meet an honest man with loving disposition
who will assist financially; object, matrimony.
Address box 4153. Call offlr*.
LEON LEMOS — A fine suit to order $10 7r>. or
pants $3 75. Our specialty In remnants allows
us to sell cheaper than r»ady made. L. LE-
MOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth, prop.
One-price Tailoring Co.; 532 K»arny St.. near
Pacto; also K4i Market St.. unc!»r St.Nlcholaa.
ROARS of laughti-r; a hundred laughn In a
hundred minute*. Send 27c in stamps to
FRUITVALE NOVELTY CO.. Frultva'.e.
A!anv>da Co.. Cal., and receive In return a
full set of Filipino wrestlers.
ROARS of laughter: a hundred laughs In a hun-
dred mlr.utfM. Send 27c In stamps to FRVIT-
VALE NOVELTY CO., Fruitvale. Aiameda
Co.. Cal.. and receive In return a full set of
Fllirino wrestlers.
LEDKRER. the popular hairdresser, sells gnoi
switches for $1; fine ones for 12 SO; hairdress-
lng. 2"c: restored to natural color. Jl 50 to Jo.
with ScheSler's Colorlne: 75c box. 123 Stockton.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca prevents the hair fall-
ing out. makM it liok like satin. 3"c bottle;
Lederer"s Fonmo Shampoo. !c pkg.l23 Stocktn.
FOR sale — Good driving horse and buggy; bar-
gain. N. E. cor. Fifteenth and Guerrero sts.
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any style. DAMITRES BAROSI3. 27 Ninth.
JOHN L. EOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Sp»cialty.
San Francisco. Cal. tAmerlcan and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELKCTRIC lights In every- rocm: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
Jsc to $1 50 per nlcht; $1 SO to $8 per week;
fre» 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-ur> and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN &. CO.. 733 Market st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on E. COHEN. 157 Third St.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old gold: send for him. 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 200 Third St.: send postal.
lIIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists. *row hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 4 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf"*. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERINO corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE piTY FOR SALE.
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sal* on
Pierce and Waller sts.. near Halght; over 30
houses sold In same block. Terms to suit by
F. NELSON, builder.
FORECLOSURE sal?— s2Coo; two choice flats of
5 rooms each, renting for $IS. At 310 Valley
St.. near Noe. or SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
FOR sal* — Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms:
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts. ; near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
FIRST-CLASS busln-ss let: cheap if sold tais
week. Pox 1553. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
;~x LIST OF S^CLTL~~cXRGAINS^When
sending for my CATALOGUE always stats
about what Is wanted— amount to Invest, etc
I'll then also furnish a specially prepared list
of "SNAP" .bargains— n?ar wliat you want.
not in eataloi-ie. While I make a special
feature of NAPA and SONOMA county
places, I'm personally acquainted with over
30^0 ranches for sale and exchange In Cali-
fornia—more than nny other ten agents in
the State. I travel nearly ell the time. In-
specting country property.
N D. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary St.. opposite Chronicle bldg.. 3. F.
SANTA CLARA Valley fnilt. farming ana
stock lands; owner's sale In tracts of 5 to 500
acres- eaay terms, or will exchange for San
Francisco property. Apply to G. 11. PHIL-
LIPS aid G. C. VACHHLL, 20 Montgomery
St., between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. dally.
320 ACRES of land for sate at $1 per acre; in
Tehama County. Inquire A. E. LODREE.
Brentwood. . Cal.
FINEST general ranch In California to b«
civen away on account of foreclosure. Se«
CLARK & CO.. 503 Hearst building. ¦-?-;
FOR sale or exchange for improved San Fran-
cisco property, fruit ranch 102 acres; valua
$.SCCO. Address 11. F. SPEITKEN. Watsonvllla.
13',j ACRES— Must be sold; 2 miles from Santa
Clara; 10-room house; 2 wells; all In orchard.
0 G?ary st.. room 15.
YE?"" $3 per acre up: farm list: fre» fare. M.
ORIFFEN. 71J Market at., near Call building.
MUXCRAE lots and blocks : fenced; water
works. HUTTERFIELP. 927 Market St.
KOUMS k'Olt :iOtS_K.ki_l*lAiX
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard: water; rear: rent $7.
BROADWAY. 1123 — 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny
rooms. f
FOLSOM. lllli— 2 sunny front furnished rooms;
rang'?: we tor; lar^t; yard; rent $10.
FOURTH, 225— Nice front room; suitable for
light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE. 141V- Furnished parlor ficor;
everything furnished; separate kitchen: bathT
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor, furl
nished complete for housekeeping; targe ya-d-
bath; rent Sl5. *
HARRISON. 7Si'.i. near Fourth — Finely fur-
nished sunny 'rooms; bath: all latest Improve-
ments; homelike; fl week ud.
McALLISTEI:. 570— Private family; newly f ur^
ntshed sunny front room for gentleman.
MISSION. SCS— 2 neat connecting rooms far
housekeeping; furnished complete. ' *
NATOMA. 62— Rooms for housekeeping; 2 tMT-
nlahed housekeeping rrr is.. $3 mo.; no children.
TEHAMA, 44— Two front houaekseptas room*.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
10h£NRY J..GALLAGHER CO.,
flsoeee*sor» to Flannagan * Galltxh--).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM BALM ER3,
U i'lilh «v. op-Msit* L neiln ccnujl.
Telepbooe Kou-h SO.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— James H.
Fisher of San Francisco is at the Wlllard.
Andrew Furuseth of San Francisco is in
Washington as representative of the Sail
ors' Union. He will appear before the
Committee on Merchant Marine in the in
terests of the seamen in opposition to the
Payne-Frye ship subsidy bill. Harold
Freland and wife of San Francisco are
at the St. James. George A. Knight of
San Francisco visited the War Depart
ment to-day.
WOLFSOHN MONEY RETURNED.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 4.— Public Admin
istrator Kellogg this afternoon turned
over to Attorney O'Bryan of the New
York Life Insurance Company JSSOO of the
$10,000 paid into his hands as insurance on
the life of Aaron Wolfsohn. who was sup
posed to be dead. He retained $1500 as at
torney's fees, expenses, etc.
Kellogg executed a bond from the com
pany Indemnifying him against any and
all suits that might arise in the matter
and th» Wolfsohn mystery is at an end so
far as the Insurance company and the
Public Administrator are concerned. The
identity of the suicide is still a mystery.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— 0. C. Humphreys
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman. Mrs.
George W. Kingsbury of San Francisco
is at the Grand. F. M. French of San
Francisco is at the Marlborough. F. Top
lltz of San Francisco is at the Vendome
Mrs. William Lund and Miss Eugene Hayl
den of San Francisco are at the Savoy
George W. Cowan of San Francisco is at
the Parker.
80RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via StMMlil-t P«rry.
Commencing October 1. ISS9.
FROM FAN f-RASfCXSOO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •?:«?, r>:33. 11:00 a. m.; "1-«JL
•3:40. 5:13. 8 CO. 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 3:00 and 11:30 p. m.
PUNDAYS— 'B:OO. •10:«. "11:30 a. m.' "11l
«:15. N:45. *:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains mnrk»d (•) run to Pin Qu»nt!n
J-ROM SAN RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WKEK DATB-SA 'S^. 7:4 i, «S:4O a m i
•12:30. 2:15. •3:40. "5.13 p. m. •
EXTItA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays anj
Eaturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS-€:2O. •$:€». *10:C0, «I 1:43 a. m.'
•1:40. •3:15. 4:4*.. •«:"«) p. ra.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO PAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:43. 6:45. 7:"5. 9:45 a. m •
12:35. 2:35. 5:45. 5.J0 p. m. ••
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:50 and 10 :10 p. m.
6UNDAYS— B:O6. ]O:CS a. m.; 12:05. 2:15. t:3OL
8:00. «:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIX9.
TrOO a. m. week days — Cazadero and way -rtattonm,
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and T-ay stations.
S:CO a. m. Sunday*— Tomales and way station*.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RfMLW \Y
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito r'tri.jr.
Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:1.". y. m.
Sundays SIOO, 10:eo a. m. and 1:45 p m.
Steam-heated closetl car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return,
a to.
OCEAN TRAVEII
AMERICAN LINE.
MEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LOWDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tcrk Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
c t i^ouls Jan. 10 | St. Louis Jan. 31
It Paul ....Jan. 17 I St. Paul Feb. 7
New York.."::.. Jan. 24 | New York. Feb. 14
RED STAR LINE. • ;
New York, orjd Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Voordland Jan- W ! Bouthwark Jan. 3t
Araßon*a.........:J«n. 1. I Westernland ...Feb. 7
Frte?land Jan. 34 | Kensln-fton ....Feb. 14
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTKRNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencfea.
TOYO^KISEN KAISHA.
CTEAMERS WILL LKAVE WHARF, CO*.-
*-*ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hloeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing;.
HONGKONG MARU r Tuesday. Jan. 18
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 9
AMCRICA MARU Wednesday. Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, comer First.
W. 11. AVERY, General Agent.
©3f?£l^£l£ T , h9 R ' S - Australia
«PK«B»* fails for Honolulu
ij"» Wednesday. Jan. 10
•¦ js — rr*V. -19W. >t " p. m.
xttfttTMinJ s ' B - Moa:i a sail-. vU
c! r ' e - Honolulu and Ancklanl
tfVTlrffiflU- V r s y ( * n 'J r Wednesday.
r - 'UillUUlter Jan. U. at Bp. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Pemoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues.
England, etc.: 1610 flnit class.
1. v. srncCKcLS at bRO^.CO.. Agts.. »I 4 Montgomen
Pin 7. Fo»t Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market SL
KAILEOAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S a nta Fe Route.
The fastest train, ninning over the b«st r»n«
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
1:00 p. m.
MOKOAT. WEDNEBDAT. "TBIDAT. SATTT3OAT.
ArrlTtng; in Chicago at 1:15 p. m.
niIDAT, SUNDAT. TOS3DAT. WI9SE3DAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day in the i year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave C*kland MoU
for Denver, Kanaaa City. Chicago and the Eaat
1:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fretrao. Hanford, Vla»Ua,
Tatar* and Bakersfleld, furnishes good local
train service. •
San Francisco offlce. 623 Market it,, telephon*
Main U3l.
Oakland offlce. 111» Broadway.
Bacramento offlce. 201 J street
6aa Jose office. T West Eanta Can street
/^^k -^ r *jGibbon ? s Dispensary,
Jb&S&L *»-•*» K EABS T ST. Established
Ej*7if*^a'l* '"> !>»** for the trestinpnti^f Private
flkJLtik ifejMf DlseusHs, l^wt Mituhmx]. I>eh:!ity 0.-
liftSs^6t» disease -vearingon body and mlnda::d
WsUjjferftiy Stln Diieas«'R. luedoctorcureswheii
jZ*^^*gisBr| ntbers fall. Try him. Ch»r?e» low
7*tSaS£3aSa <'»it-o«srn-»ranl«-r«l. Callorwrltrt.
Dr. J. *'. uIBIIOX. Box IUST.Saa I-'raacUca
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Legislature of a Thousand Drinks.
With the changing of 1599 to iwo at
tention has been drawn to the early
days of '49 and p5O.p 50. Have you ever
heard the story of the "LeglMature of
a Thousand Drlnka," the gathering of
the first law makers for California?
Look out for it In Sunday's Call.
Murder Charge Dismissed
The charge of murder against Mrs. M.
A. Gallagher. wife of Attorney
Walter Gallagher, in connection
with the death of Mrs. Mar
cella Caleb was dismissed yesterday by-
Judge Graham. Mrs. Caleb was em
ployed as a servant by Mrs. Gallagher,
and it was alleged that on October 4 sne
was beaten by her employer so badly that
she died from the effects December 27 at
St. Mary's Hospital.
DIED.
IJrircs. Samuel S. Lorios. Anton
Burnett. Margaret A. Ludfcy, Jane
Cobby. Ulnnic L. Masters. Frederic J.
Crowley. Mrs. Mary Mathes. Eugene
Ifilly. "Marj A. Morton. Alines
I'aly. Anne O'Keefe. Catherine
l>ru*mm. John J. Rurrri^ht. John B.
Erratt. Theresa L. Sanders. John
Flnley, Margaret J. Simmons. Kitty
FJens. Jarubus Small. Wlllard E.
Jones. Daniel N. B. Fralth. Frederick
Krutmejer. Captain Ptever.scn. Viola M.
Gustav B. Sullivan. Helen C.
Lagomarslno Antonio Wosser. Thomas
BRIOGB— In the City and County Hospital
January 2. 1909. Samuel S. Brings, a n&tlvi
of Rhi«le Island. ace<i 74 years.
BURNETT— In this city, January 4. 1900, Mar
Fhret A. Burnett, widow of the late A. S
Burnett, atrd 77 year?.
IT7"lr.t<>rmer.t private.
"C7"lr.t^rment private.
COUUY— In this city, January 3. 1900. Minnie
L.. beloved wife of Albert E. Cobby, a na-
tive of PprlngSeld. Or., aged 2S years anJ
20 days.
CJ"The funeral Will take place this da-y
(Friday), at U o'clock, Jrjm the refid-nce <>t
her Fister. Mrs. O. Q. Stewart. 804 Broderick
«tre?t. comer of Gro\e. Interment private.
Masonic Cemetery.
CROWLEY— On Saturday. January 6. at S
o'clock, mass will be offered at St. Brigid'i
Church for the late Mr*. Mary A. Crowley.
DALLY— In this city. January 3. ISOO, Mary
A., wife of Andrew J. I.'aily, and mother of
J. F. Dally, aged 73 yearF.
ECT-Friend^ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(FnJayj. at 9 o'clock, from 577 Hayes street,
thence* O Pacred Heart Church, corner Fell
and Fi'.imore streets, where a eolemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
f«il, commencing at &:"# o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
J_>ALT— ln this city. January 3. 1900, Anne
Daly, beloved mother of Edmund Daly, and
grandmother of William, John and James
Hurry and Annie and Lizzie Boyne, a native
of Fermoy, County Cork, Ireland, aged 80
years.
r^TFriendp ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
1 Friday), at 11 o'clock. Service* at MiFsion
Poiores Church. Interment. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Remains at James Hagan's undertaking
I<arlors. HI Valencia street.
DRUMM— In th'.s city. January 3, I"KW, John
J. Drumm, a native of I'enr.sylvanla, aged 35
years.
ERKATT— In this city. January 4, IS**?. Theresa
Lorraine, beloved d*t*irhter of Walter and
Theresa Erratt. a native of San Francisco,
aged S months and 5 days.
FLNLEY— In this city. January 2, 1900. Mar-
garet J.. widow of Richard Finley, and
mother of Peter J.. Mary £ and Jennie C.
Finley and Mrs. Peter J. McGlynn, a native
cf Brooklyn, N. T., aged Cj years.
£7 Friends are invited to attend the funeral
this day (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St.
Mar}"> Church (Paulists"), corner California
and L>upcnt streets.
FLF.NS— Drowned at Aberdeen. Wash.. De-
cember 2*. IS' 1 ?, on the schooner Clown. Ja-
cubus Fiens. a native of Holland, aged 2S
years.
JONK.-^-In this city. Januan* 4. lf>oo. Danlfl
N. n Jonos, beloved husband of Blanche
June-, father of Hester E. Jones, brother of
John A. and William K. Junes. Mr«: n.
Mehering and Mrs. Hestor Hixson, son of
• the late I»anlel and KUzabeth Jones, and
uncle of Morris and lianlel Hixscn. a native
cf Maine, aged 43 years 10 months and 2
day*.
KKI'TMEJKn-In this city. January 3, 1&00,
Cautain Cu-tav liercer. beloved husband of
Anna 11. Krutmejer, and father of Cornelia
and Hortt-nse Krutmeje r . a native of Btock-
holm, Sweden, aged 65 j-ears 2 months and
I- dajs.
(T7- Friends and arqtiaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 7. at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking; Company, 405
Powell street, near Port.
LAOOMARKINO— In Colma. January 3, 1900,
Antoci'J Lfljromarslno, beloved . husband of
Rosie lAEomarslno. and beloved father of
j ..-., Adelina and Annie Lairomarplno, a na-
tive cf Itaiy. aged X years 1 month and 1
<iay.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully inflted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Colrra,San Mateo County. Interment
New Italian Cemetery, San Mateo County,
Cal.
LAKIOS— In Bouth San Francisco. January 2.
1800, Anton Larios, beloved father of Ben,
Esfjuspulo. Manuel and Manueila Larios. a
native of California, need C% years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at ?:43 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Oontner &. Guntr I'ndertaklng: Com-
pany. « ana 10 City Hall square. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train.
LL"I>IJY— In this city, January 4, 1900, Jane
Luflby, aged €S years.
CCTKemalns at t!ie parlors of the California
Undertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post, until Saturday mornlne at 8 o'clotk.
Intermf-r.t at Nevada City. Cal.
MASTKHS— in Berkeley. January' 2. 1900. Fred-
eric Juttv-s Master*, a native of Hngland
atfod <> years 3 months and 10 days.
CTFriends ar.d acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the First Metho-
dlft Church, corner of Fourteenth and Clay
street*. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery-
MATH ES— In this city, January 4, 1900. Eu-
g»n« Mat-ies. a native of Germany, aged 42
>ear 3 5 months and 2J days.
"CJTR^niains at the rarl"r« eg C*harles J. B
M'-ti'.er. c ? s Washinrton street.
MOBTOX-ln this city, January' 4. l»00. Acnes
b'loved wife of John Morton, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years.
MOKTON— In this city. January 4. 19Q0 Mrs
ABT.ee Morton, dearly beloved daughter of
Mr». C. Jackson and Edward Flynn. and sis-
ter of Mrs. J. Murphy. Mrs. Q. Jaeger Mrs
WIFE CHARGED WITH FRAUD.
Following close upon the heels of the
action instituted by Evangeline Happers
berger for a divorce from her husband,
Frank Happersberger, the well-known
sculptor, now residing in New York, nuU
has been tiled by the husband against
Mrs. Happersberger to obtain possession
of a piece of real estate on Guerrero
street, near Twentieth.
Happprsberj-er alleges that while he was
preparing to take a business trip to Now
York. In October of ISS9, Mrs. Happers
berger "conceived the design of defraud
ing him out of the property, and repre
sented to him that If he would give her
hla general power of attorney she would
expedite its sale and would send or take
to him the proceeds." Happersberger f.l
leges that his wife, after obtaining the
power of attorney, negotiated for the sale
of the property t0 Frank H. McKee for
IJOOO. intending to appropriate the funds
to her own use. lie asks for the cancella
tion of the power of attorney and an in
junction prohibiting the sale of the pr--p
erty.
w»rTin:n.-( pacific cu-ipast.
(r-Aciric svstcm. i
Trtklns frntro nml nr« dm »» xrrlf* »•
s«i> I'lt.tM'lM'O.
(Mala Line, Foot of Market Street)
X.EATK — From Dzczmbxr IS. 1339. — «kriti
•7:OO* Eenicla, SuisnD, Elinira, Vacariae,
Bainseranil aacramtnto *7:43p
•7:O4>a Sha»U Express— Ditls. Willows,
Ke.l mull. Portland «7:O»
•7:3«» a Martinez, tJanßarucn, Vallejo. Xapa,
Calistcza and Santa Cosa •«:!•"»*
*Bi3oa The OrerlanU Ll rni ted— Ogdon. D«a.
»er, Omaha, Chicago *3:13y
•SiHOa San Jume. LiTeriacre, Stocktou,
lime, Hacrameuto, riacerrille,
Blnrjstille, ClUco. Kedilluff •Jil.lf
•*i3Oa •Mliton.Oakilaloand Honora MtXSfl
*9:00 a HaywAn'.s, Nilis ami Way Stations. *1 1:43 a
•»:«•• a D»tla. Woodlacd. Kni.bts LaQding,
WsriSTille. OroTille, *7513-»
•»iOO* AtUcti- i:zpresa— Osdeu and East *I>ti3a
•U:«Oa Hartinex, Tracy, Lattirop, Utocktcm,
Mrrc-Uar.d Fresno M 2:13»
*UiOOa Port Costi, Fresno, MoJaTe and Ixs
Angolta ••M.l»
•10:00* Vallrjo. Martlnei and Way Stations •6i*sr
•1 1:OO v Ila-r-rards. ffild and Way SUUona. •¦i: I3r
•I2:OVx Kilcs, Lirermore, Stockton, Hacra-
m-nto, Mendota, Ilanford. Visalla,
PcrterrlUo ««iIS»
fl:OOr Sacramento itlTerSie-nmeni t'snftf
•3:« Op Hajwarda, MUca and Waj Stations. *31435>
•4:«»r MarMue-t, Nan Uanion. Vallejo,
Nupi. CallgtoKik, Huita Hosn *ttil3«
Mioor Bcnlcia. TaeaTille. Haeramento.
Wooilland, Knlphts Lantlinz,
JlaiysTllle, OroTiKe •"•:*:»«
•4iBB-» Nlles, Han Jose ami HtocUoa •7»13r
m 3:OOrTho Owl limited— Trncy. Fre-mct.
Bakcndeld. Ba-j|-ru for .Sar.t* Bar-
bara, Loa Angeleji # H»i43a
«-3:0 Op Enrset Llrsitad-EI Ptto. Sew Or-
leans and East eIO:«"t*
•.1:-JOr StocktOD, Mercet). Fresno MS: Mr
•3:UOF Fi. ¦si o, lUkerjiteH. Santa Ilir'ara.
Lea Angtlcs, Deming; El Fmo,
N«w Orleans and Eaat *Si4"la
*3:"inp ManU l-> ltniite— Atlantic ExprtMS
for Mojatn ami Kml ••»-O r
•B:OOpnayward.i, Is'lles ami San Joss *3M9«
? O::»i»i- Vaiiojo •lail.ip
•o:3i»r Oriental Mail— Oy!en and Fj.it »S:sOp
•7:OOp Vallrjo. Fort CoaU anU Way Sta>
ticna. {0:33 p
•Bi«3p Oregon and California Kii>re-«.M«e.
rniueutii. MarvsTiile, [*e<l>linr,
rnrtlan.l. rng.> S. I »...' l-jxt •»•!»*,
COAST DIVISION |!(innCia|t),
(Foq.t of Mirk?t Street.)
•*»:!.¦> a Ke.nark,C*ntrrTi!lc,B*a.lo3e, tVlfon,
BonlUer Creek, Santa Cnuaud Way
Btationa »Si 3«»
\»ti ,"Jr Newark, Coiiterrliio. .San Jt>se, Xew
Abnadcn, Fclton, liouMcr t.'reclc.
Santa I'm* aail l'rincipal Way
BtaUor.!i f I •t.-J'**
"4jl3p*S-e-Tark, Man Jo>», Los Gatos. M»:204
itl:l3r Himtcn' Fi. u.m r.. Bac Jose ar.d
- WayStafiorg t7iBQ-»
CREEK ROUTE FERBY.
Jr-sSMI fR.i:;CUCB— To«« *' Inttt Stre*t tS'.ia B>—
•7:15 0.00 11:00 a.m. t i:C3 *2;33 13:C3
•i:C3 tS-H •C:33r.u. •
rromOUUSD— root •.'BrjaiwuT.— *«:oo E:00 I0:00».M.
ti:.C3 'I:S3 t3.C3 »3:C3 ti-CJ 'S.ZZr.*.
COAST DIVISION , !!r»a.l (..;un»-i.
(lhlr.l a-.u Tovmeml -St*.)
10:IOa Ocean View. Bootl) Wav Fnnciaco.. \ss£Si
•7:O<» \ Baii Jetsus and Waj Btatbt-a i.\-w
Alm-u'cii Wcilnesdajaonly)^ *1:10t
•OiOOa San .'rmc. Tien Vinos, Santa t'rire,
' I'lxcilic «>roTO. i'as> ltolilrs. .San
• Luis O!>i«no, Hr.tt. Lompoc and
l'rii.cival Way Stations *4:fr
•IO:li»> San .!..-¦. mi '. V. ay .Stations •«:.•»»
•lli:;t)\ S-iii J<sa nn I War Htation* *3:aop
t»:43r San Uatao, Ketlwood. Jlenlo Fiuk.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Man .1. *,
Trca Finos. Hawta Ctuz. Salinas,
Monterey ami l'acilic GroTc tl*>s"?B">
frt : a»P San Jose ami Way Stations *?:3Oi>
t*il"ir San Jiwe ami Principal Way Stations ••* 13*
f3:OOp San Joseand Principal V, -.- :-u::.ir» t»:O«A
*i:3Or San Joso ati.l Principal Way .Stations •»:.t.'>*
•G::!Op San Jose »:i-l Way Hcaf!ona f«»:O<)A
*»ll;l"»p San .Irse »i»l W>t i-t.-tti.ms *7.-:n»p
A for Moniing. P for A fternoon.
•Daily. t Hnu<"ay exrepte.l. J Suuday only.
h .-c:!;rc»y on' 7.
4LXucad»Ts and Friila*-* c TLcrsdaTS and Sundays.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKiZEPIXO.
WASHINGTON. e;i— 3 rooms for housekeeping;
r.rjc> h'»us«*ke* p:ns rocms, 13 p*r munlK.
3 FT~RNISHED room* for housekeeping: sunny
yard: l-er.t JIS. . lici 2*. CaJ! Branch Office. 108
E!o\er.:h st.
iiiT.r.OW r. n diar-on.i* and Jewels; polite nt-
:'t:tior.. VNCI.K HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIEJ) advertlaeaneati ar.d subscriptions
I'ceivei! at Oai! branch r.fSce. 2220 F!I!n:ore st.
A HRANCH office tct the reception of adver-
,ticemrr.:s a:.! KUb«crtj*lOß« has been cpeneil
f;t 1223 I'olk St.; open until f p. m.
A BRANCH Office; for Call advertif-em»nts and
-»ut»CTlj<tlSß« h^s t>een e^talli^hed at lO'*6 Xa-
!<T«-;a »t,
A BRAKCU office for Call advertisements and
rabecriptions has been «--;tab;i!>hed at the
I ortliwent (Virner rf Twentj-sw.jr.d and Ken-
lut-ky .«•<.: rj«>n antH 9 p. m.
KtOOMS TO LET — Furn. and I'nfarn.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor rts.—
Homelike heist; modern service; elevator;
l.sth; rooms iOc to SI "*> day. , MRS. J. KING.
a; '^TIN n.ve.. 102. near l'clk gt.— Large sunny-
front room; furnished.
BOHEMIA. ;** Post. cor. Stockton— Finpie and
C :. stranr {cr irer.tlernen and families;
ppe& rat- 1 ? tirurift?: elevator; all conveniences.
BVRNETT! :4"f Market tt. <old No. IS64)— Fur-
r^tr«»t3 rrr.s . Fuites. single; also unfurnished.
CAHROI.TON. lIC6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sana? corner; wc!l furn.; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED ¦dvettiaeiatßta and tubstriptiens
r«-4.elved at Call branch office. 2200 Fi:imor* «it
DIVIUEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco — At a regular meeting of the
b-jarJ of directors of this bank, held January
2. IMO. a dividend waa declared for the half
year endir.s December 31. "S*<3, at the rate of
sfvtn <7> i>er cent per annum, payable on
nnii after the 15th tnst. Transfer books will
be close.l from the 10th to the IJth ir.st.. both
<Jai - s inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary-
January 3, 1?00.
OPFTCB of the Illbernla Savlcps and Loan So-
ciety, cor. llarket. McAllister and Jones sts.,
San Frar.cijco, Dec. 23. ISS9. — At a regular
raettiuir of the Board of Directors of this so-
ciety held THIS DAY a dividend has been
drciarf-d at the rate cf three and one-auarter
(Z'i) ; i er cent per annum on all deposits for
the six months ending December 31. IS3S, free
from all t.xxes and payable on and aftsr Jan-
uary 1. ISOO. ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank. 222
Montgomery st.. Mills building— For the half-
rear ending Dt-cember M. ISL'3. dividends on
lerm dect*its at the rate of three and six-
tt-nths (3 6-10> s.*r cent per annum and on or-
dinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
able on and after January 2. 1290.
S. L. ABBOT JR.. Secretary.
THE Ocntinertal Bu:ld!nr and Lean Associa-
tion of California. 2-2 Sansome st.. San Fran-
cisco, has declared fcr the 6 months endinr
December 31, IS??, a dividend of 12 per cent
per annum to class "A" stock. 10 per cent
per annum to c!ass "F" ttotk, 6 per cent per
annum en term deposits and "> per cent per
annum en ordinary deposits.
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE. President.
WILLIAM ronRIN. Secretary.
BORROW on riar.rs. furniture, diamonds,
painting*: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Giant ay.
ELLIS, 6JS. corner Lark'.n— Sunny, bay-window;
mar.te'.: dcuble f oldir.g-bed : Welrbach burner.
rXFTr-ICNTH. JiTO, near Missflon^Furnished
ri«oin* to rent.
FIRST. y-~ Sunr.y fumifhed roctr.s to rvtit; $1
per »wlc,
OEART. V>i <The Navarre)— Elerant:y fum:«h-
«¦<! rryirrf. *n raif <;r rir.g!e. MRS. H. UTEH.
GUARD i'ous*. I!-: Seventh— Sunny furnished
room* : fcr or (nek: reasonable.
(IBAXfT) r-orTHERN. raßtlteast ccr. BereatJh
and Mi»ston rts.— Sunny moir«. ea mite or
slr.p'.t: ladies' parlor; readlr.-s room: elevator.
lIAI ;HT. "00 — Newly furni*>h«"l funcy rooms,
suitable f..r me cr two g'-titi^men.
UANOOCK Hiiuse. "SI Mlr-sion— Select fsrally
rti:r.,r.K hcu.*«; tl 30 to iC r*r wreck.
HARRISON. S!4"-— Fn-.*H front room; wcrklni"
cirl ; referred ; ct'r;*
JIOWATID. «4f>— Nicely rumish^d suite of housc-
ke. • it:(r rv>nis; a)*.-, stnffle roonf; reasonable.
HOWARD. -;¦.--• ro^rr.s: nicety lur-
oi»n«d: e.ny nmvta&eacrz rlectrtc lights.
KOWAW>. B»— Ctemn. renrectab'-e; 25c-Il per
nipht: ,J-s.< l>*r week: Howard cars to door.
MAIN" ;iri H ward, ni nhea-t cor.- 2 fum'.?h"l
sur.nv r'>orr*: $S month.
JIINN.v ••:. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay -window mm, $1 p-r week; transient.
XKVC ArlinpTon. 1(1.' Market— Nlrt-'.y furnished:
-y up; J2 week up: transient.
o'FAHTUCLL. 20— Sunny furnished rocms and
rff,<^«: elevator; electric "ic!*«: day. wk.. mo.
CFAHRELL, EM— Fnmlabed suite; eunny rea-
«'-r.ab>. :o cer.tlemen.
ROSEDALE. 2TI Ellis, neir Taylor— lo) rocms;
tie » n:pht: Jl a week; transient.
UOTAL lic-j^e. 126 Elii-- »-t.— lncar.Jescent ll«ht.
rtradir.sr-rotm. emckinr-room and ladies' par-
lor; rorrs. per r.'rnt. Sic to fl 50; week. U to
t«: north. fS to tSO; elevator on offlce floor;
rooms n:th hct and cold water: baths.
EIiEKMAN Arartmer.t House. 2S Eighth St..
near Markf-t— Furnished and unfurnished.
TEH A MA. lt+— Front sunny rocm; rent rea-
sonable.
"XHIZ Oaks. JIS Third— A pood rocminc house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
VAN NESS aye.. 3ttf— El«xar.t suite*, sinele
rooma and hrufekeepint suites; suitable for
doctor cr dentlft.
VAN NES? aye.. 4T2— Well-fumi.«h«d funny up-
I^r r'.om; clnjet. bath; board optional.
A liRAXCH crflce fr.r the reception of jidver-
t;s*m«T.ts and Eubscr!;'tion» has been opened
«t ma Polk «..- rpen til! 9 p. m.
A IiP.ANCII" office for Call advertU'Rvnts snd
fuf =<-rirtlons has t«?en estiblished st 1095 Va-
lencia et.
A BRA2CCH offl«-e for Call advert. ?»rr.er.ti and
rabF-riptions has been at the
north ww f t corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fty. : open till S r>. m.
CHEAPHJ-T snd bosT in America— ThiTwwkly
Cull. ;« rse^-i. sent to any In the
! Stnt>v-. po^-p.ild. for tx i»t r—ar.
ROOMS WANTEO.
GENTLEMAN wants furnished room wTth
bath, botne ooTr.fortF; c»r.tr3'. location: nate
terms ar.d c^.r.^itirrt. Addrepy b"x 4^S. Call.
EIETHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriare and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They mu?t be handed
In at tlther of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ARMER— In this city. January 3. 1900, to the
wife of Ben Armer. a daughter.
CROOKER— In tnie city. December 2«. IS?*, to
the wif«> of Arthur Crooker. a daughter.
EI^HHm,Z— In this city. January 4. 1900, to
the w<re -if Charles G. Elohholz. a son.
MI BACH— In this city. January 2. I*oo. to the
wife of W. P. Mibach. a daughter.
BERXAV- In this city. January 3, 1900, to the
wife cf J'-,hn H. Sernau. a son.
SHACKKLTON— In this city, December 31, 1599,
to the wife of J. A. Phackeitnn. a son.
STRACHAN— In this city. December 23, ISS9.
to t>*e wife cf A. F. Strarhan, a son.
J. Orans and Eddie Flynn. a native of San
Francisco, a*ed 26 years 11 months and 29
days.
O'KEEFE— In Oakland. January I. 1900. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late John O Keefe,
and mother of Anna O'Keefe and Mrs. R. A.
Walsh.' ft native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
(Trinity papers rlea?e copy.)
C7*Fri»nrt3 and aoijualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at «• o'clock', from her late resi-
dence, 622 Telegraph avenue, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a requiem
mass will b» celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
RI'PPRICHT— In Haywards. January 3. 1900.
John B. Rupprlcht. beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. John Rupprlcht, and brother of Charles.
Winnie and Elsie Rupnricht. a native of
Dutch Flat, Cal., affetl 34 years 5 months and
*> da^-s.
"t^"Fri»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his father, in Haywards. Interment Lone
Tree Cemetery.
SANDERS— In the City and County Hospital,
January 3, 1900. John Sanders, a native of
Ireland, ased t.3 years.
SIMMONS— In this city. January S. 1900, Kitty
Simmons, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
SMALL— In this city, January 4, 1900. of diph-
theria, Wlllard E.. beloved son of Frank and
Reta Small, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 11 months and 21 days.
SMITH— In this city. January. X. 1900. Frederick
Smith, a native of Ohio, aged 71 years and 15
days.
C7"The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the
funeral parlors of 11. C. Bunker & Co.. 2866
Mission street. Mission Masonic Temple. In-
terment private.
STEVENSON— In this city. January 4. 1900.
Viola Margaret, beloved Infant daughter of
George S. and Mary Stevenson, and sister of
Charles. Marian and Sybil Stevenson, a na-
tive of San Francisco. nsr»d 23 day*.
SULLIVAN— In this city. January 4, 1900. Helen
Carmel. beloved daughter of Annie F. and
the late J. D. Sullivan, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 1029 Capp street, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will b« celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'ctock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery by carriages.
WOSSER —In Sausalito, January S. l? 00.
Thomas, beloved husband of Marararet Wos-
ser. a native of Ireland, aged 71 years and 6
months.
"C7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
BEAR GOES TO
SAN DIEGO TO
DRY HER BONES
Will Lie There Until
Spring.
The revenue cutter Bear Is being got
ready over at Sausallto for her trip to
San Diego. She is to He up at the Lower
California port until the spring and while
there will be thoroughly dried. She has
been so long In the frozen north that her
timbers have become thoroughly soaked
and the vessel's speed has been reduced
fully three knots an hour. It is to dry out
the ship that the trip to San Diego is
being taken.
The Bear yesterday went alongside the
revenue cutter Thetis at Sausallto, and
everything that could be spared from the
Bear was put aboard her. On arriving
at San Diego the Bear will be tied up
alongside the wharf at Coronado and
stripped. All the stores, ballast, furnish
ing equipment, and, In tact, everything
but the engines and boilers will be re
moved and the officers and crew will take
irp their abode ashore. Windsails will
then be put down into the 'tween decks
and lower hold, and in this way Captain
Tuttle expects to dry out his vessel thor
oughly. After the air of San Diego has
done its work the stores and other things
will be put aboard again and the revenue
cutter will come to San Francisco to be
fitted out for another cruise in the Arctic.
The Bear will sail for San Diego to-mor
row and Captain Tuttle expects her to be
at least a three-knot faster ship coming
home than she is now.
The collier Czarina arrived from the
Sound yesterday after a chapter of acci
dents. On November 4 la«t she started
for this port. Ever since she has been
trying to get here. Soon after leaving
Tacoma she broke her shaft and the pro
peller fell into the Sound. Arrangements
were then made with the tug Holyoke to
tow the vessel to this port. Four days
later a start was made. Getting outside
the Straits of Juan de Fuca a southeast
gale came up, and finding that he could
only make a mile an hour with his tow
the captain of the Holyoke put back.
A few days later another start was
made and In two days the tug and her
tow had covered 100 miles. During the
next two days it blew a hurricane from
the southeast and the collier was blown
back fifty miles and a second time the
tug took 'her back into Puget Sound. On
this occasion the services of the tug were
dispensed with and the Czarina went to
Quartermaster Harbor, where she dis
charged her cargo and went on the dry
dock. A new shaft and propeller were
sent up from San Francisco and put In
place on their arrival and the collier, tak
ing another load aboard, made the run
from Neah Bay to San Francisco In five
da vs. Captnln Seaman says the new pro
pefler is the best that has ever been
lined to the steamer and that she now
makes better time and handles better
than ever before.
The bark Santiago will sail for Honolulu
this morning loaded to the gunwales with
freight and with thirty-three head of
cattle on deck. Owing to the rush of
merchandise to Honolulu the Suntiago
was taken off the Hilo run for this trip.
On her return to San Francisco she will
load for Hilo. The big four-masted bark
Falls of Clyde, now due any day, has a
full cargo fbr Hilo awaiting her.
The overdue British ship Musselcrag,
on which 10 per cent reinsurance was
paid, has teen heard from. A dispatch
from London to the Merchants' Exchange
states that she is coming here via Aus
tralia. She signaled Cape Otway (near
Melbourne, Australia), that she had lost
some sails, her bulwarks were stove In
and decks swept. The captain wished to
be reported all well. The Musselcrag is
now out 1~>) days from Antwerp for San
Francisco, and the supposition is that
she was caught in the storm off the Horn
that did so much damage to the Godlva.
The British ship Matterhorn is now out
Ijo days from Antwerp for San Francisco
and 1') per cent is being paid to reinsure
her, while 20 per cent is being paid on
the General Neumayer. now out 135 days
from Swansea. It may be that both of
these vessels are following the Mussel
crag around the Cape of Good Hope.
The steamer Elihu Thomson has been
charterer! by \V. B. King and Walter S.
Soammell and will be put in the Nome
trade in the spring.
I/ricfW/O'V 4c. CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS &. EMBALMERS.
122& Market St.. between Mh and tth.
Teiephone South 247.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
(MSO^LOT MkUS: cottage i r.jume and bath-
etr«>*-t work dr.ne; t-nry t-rmy.
RJf>6— Lot sPxl<3: fine cottape; 5 larpe mm;
ar.d bath, -rortli $3"J»: only Jl^O cash, balance
J2-) per n-.onth: rrfat »=nap.
"3000— Let tfxliO. Morton St.. b*twe*n raii-
roadf; n»>ar elation and school; handsome ne-w
cott«re of 1 rooms and bath; fSOt and t2s*i>er
jsionth.
S2Cy«— Lot ffixlW; 2-rtorr house nt 6 rooms and
"bath; Alameda ay*., near Morton-st. station-
eajiy t»nr,«, "
. tr/KV-Lot W-dSa; f.re new 2-«ory house R
r r mf snd bath; Morton ft., near stations and
pcbooU; f3OO ra^h. balance 130 p*r month.
136W — Lot T.'xJ.%o; on main avenue; ottac«
% rootSJ and bath; rn-et bnnraln.
Houpfs to let in a.'l parts of Alameda.
H P. MOREAL & CO..
422 Park St., Alameda, f'al
A HOME — Send description, condition and lo»-a-
Uon; I -rill find you one. A. R. DENKE Sr
• 4 V' r i TVVbgter ft.. A'.ameds.
CHEArnET and beyt in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paff"*, pert to any address in the.
l*r.it»>d States <;r Canada one year for $1.
-x*Ta*e fMiid.
DE PACHMANN
UNSATISFYING
MY enjoyment of De Paehmann has
suffered a diminution with each suc
cessive recital, and while In certain
phases he Is sure to please, his de
ficiencies become more marked after
every hearing. I have little sympathy
with the prevalent opinion that among
pianists the latest Is the btst and would
pray of the public and the critics to show
a little more discrimination.
Bloomtield-Feisler, Rosenthal, Carreno
and Saver have successively eclipsed one
another, and on the return of Paderewski,
who has been so berated in his absence,
he is certain to be hailed as the greatest
of all. At present De Paehmann is given
priority over the rest for no better reason
than that he Is here, but as a matter of
fact hU station is below that of the ar
tists I have named. As to his ability as
an interpreter of Chopin, the recital yes
terday.afternoon, which was made up «?n
tirt'ly of Chopin numbers, only served to
fortify me in the opinion I expressed after
his last concert, which was that he shines
with true brilliancy only in the dance mu
sic. . .
It was quite generally opined that De
Paehmann had broadpned his scope plnce
his last visit here, but in point of fact I
think he hns none oft materially. "His
playing of the funeral march was not
ajjrh as I remembered it nine years ago.
It was yesterday very blunt and soulless.
The liarcarole Op. 60, F sharp, the Noc
turne Op. 55, No. 1, and the Berceuse
were all deficiently given, particularly the
last, which we have heard recently so well
rendered by Carreno and Saver, and to
which even Rosenthal, a notably cold pi
anist, gave a much more eloquent reading.
De Paehmann played the Ballade Op. 23
brilliantly, two etudes In which he la al
ways Interesting', two waltzes with his pe
culiar finesse and three mazurkas, of
which the second. Op. 67, No." 1, was easily
the gem of the programme. One cannot
auk for more than he gives In these dance
themes and his knack for the etudes is
almost as marked. But In the Nocturnes
and the more serious Preludes De Paeh
mann is temperamentally inadequate.
PORTER GARNETT.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
9«^ Steamers leave Broadway
Cf&-n_^ wharf. San Francisco:
R»»^j??5l Fi r Alaskan ports 10 a. m.,
sS^^t^^fc Jar - 6> v - v - - 1 - -'•• n - F " h -
tfik gWj^^j 5. Change to company's steam-
fc' ! *J>3^ J^^'l ers at Seattle.
fci^J-SS^S?? " For Victoria, Vancouver
r^^yfeiMAl (it. C), Ton Townsend. Seat-
tie, Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.>. 10 a. m.. Jan. 6.
11. 1". 21. 26. 31. Feb. 5. anj every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y.; at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P. R'y.
For Eureka < Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jan.
9, 14. 19. 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Craz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uco*. Port Harford iPan Luis Otdspo), Oavlota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Huenerr.e. San Pedro,
Ka?t San Pedro (Los Ansrples) and Newport. 9
a. m., Jan. 7. n, 13. 19. 23, 27, 31, Feb. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
fcrd (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Anpeles and Redondo (Los An«el<>3). 11 a.
m., Jan. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 23, 23, Feb. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.'
For Ens«nada. Macdaler.a Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pai, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of «ach
month.
For fur:her information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the rißht to change
""teamer-i. sailing dates anl hours of salllne
without previous notice.
TU'KKT UFFICE —4 New Montgomery-
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. AKts.,
• * 10 Market ft.. San Francisco.
aiARRIED
PERRY— KIMPTON— In this city. January 1.
l^K). by Frar.k 11. KerrlK«n. Justice of the
IVacc, Albert S. Peii'l ar.U Annie E. Kimp-
ton. t^th at San Francisco.
REILLY— HAND— In th'.s city. December 27,
!*.'», by th<? Rev. Father McKiimon. William
H. Reiily and Annie E. Hand, buth cf San
Francisco.
SFLHORN— LAGE— In this city. December £4,
li3S. by the Rev. W. I. Kip. William J. Sel-
horn and Laura M. Lage, both of San Fran-
cisco.
RAILWAY AGENTS
DISCUSS CUT RATES
Twenty or More Prominent Lines
Represented at a Conference
Held in Boston.
BOSTON, Jan. J.— Twenty or more rail
road lines, East and West, were repre
sented in the conference of passenger
agents in this city to-day- at the office of
the New England Passenger Association.
Included in the gathering were represen
tatives from the Canadian Pacific, Atchi
son, Chicago and Northwestern, Chicago,
Rock Island and I aciflc, Great Northern,
Southern Pacific, Union Pacitic, Central
Pacific and trunk lines.
The long-standing troubles over railroad
rates was the Question which the confer
ence had. been called to discuss. For
months the so-called standard and differ
ential lines have been cutting rates to
the West and points on the Pacific Slope.
The New England Passenger Association
has been the one to cut rates.
The cut rates are via Montreal and are
$25 CO from Boston to Colorado common
points. $26 60 from Boston to California
common points, and $33 TO from Boston to
Pacific Coast points. The contest all day
to-day centered on the refusal of the dif
ferential lines out of Boston to abandon
the authorized schedule. They hold that
if the standard lines had allowed the
other lines the differential to which they
were entitled rates would have been kept
up.
The question of tourist car service was
also taken up during the forenoon session.
The whole afternoon was spent in talk.
An EaFtern and Western committee was
appointed to investigate and report upon
the subject. After it had been given a
full discussion, and at 6 p. m., without
reaching- any practical result, the con
ference adjourned, to meet at 10 a. m.
Monday next at the Hotel Waldorf-
Astoria, New York.
MAY NOT REDEEM
AGRICULTURAL PARK
No Quorum Present at the Meeting
of the Santa Clara Agricultural
Association.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 4.— Lack of a quorum
at a meeting of the life members of the
Santa Clara Agricultural Society called
for to-day gives color to the report that
the association will not be able to re
de-em its racecourse and fair grounds sold
under execution some six months ago.
At that time W. G. Andrews, represent
ing a number of creditors, obtained Judg
ment against the society for about J16.000
and purchased Agricultural Park under
foreclosure proceedings. The time to re
deem the property expires in June, and
from the lack of interest shown to-day it
is not believed it will be redeemed.
The property is worth about $100,000 and
lies within a mile of the center of the
city and contains about 100 acres. Rad
management got the society into legal
and rlnancial complications. About the
only way for the society to get on its feet
again seems to be to borrow money, pay
off the $16,000 debt and then sell part of its
lund. As its credit has been bad many
members object to this increase incurring
new obligations, and refuse to have any
thing to do with the matter. This was
undoubtedly the cau?e of the lack of a
quorum. Another attrmpt will be made
to get the life members together again on
the first Thursday in February.
MONTAGUE ROGERS DEAD.
Was One of the Leading Lawyers of
Cleveland.
Special Bisratch to The Call.
SAX JOSK, Jan. I.— Montague Rogers, a
retinvl lawyer of Cleveland, Ohio, who
has made his home In this city for the
past eight years, died late Wednesday
evening at 279 East San Fernando street.
Rogers was a native of England and G2
ypars old. lie came to California from
Ohio for the benefit of his health, being a
sufferer from asthma. Deceased had a
large law practice in Ohio and had a rep
utation as expfrt counsel in disputed
handwriting- cases. He was possessed of
an estate worth $100,000, consisting chiefly
of Cleveland property He leaves a
daughter in Pittsbur-r and several
brothers In Ohio. He had taken precau
tions that no contest should arise over his
estate, and after his death a bundle of
deeds to property were iound, with' in
structions to forward them to his
daughter.
PREMIER YAMAGATA
IS GRAVELY ACCUSED
Memorial to the Throne of Japan
Makes Charges of Extensive
Corruption.
YOKAHAMA, Dec. 16 (via Victoria. B.
C, Jan. 4).— The memorial to the throne
brought Into the Diet this week by the op
position is practically an impeachment of
Premier Marquis Yamaeata and Home
Minister Marquis Reigo for corrupt prac
tices. Specifications allege undue influence
used by the Government in the recent
elections, and the granting of a charter in
the great muicipai improvement scheme
as a direct bribe for securing the passage
of the Government bill. As the indict
ment Is made by a party which is itself
by no means untainted with corruption,
and Is in a hopeless minority, swift defeat
will be the fate of the measure.
PLUNDER RECOVERED.
San Jose Officers on the Trail of
Burglars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 4.— The Sheriff's office
and police have obtained definite informa
tion as to the identity of the burglars who
created a reign of terror here during Ju
bilee week. In about ten days there were
aeveral dozen burglaries, during which
plunder valued at $3001 was taken.
Last evening Deputy Sheriff Bache and
Detective Haley raided a place in the
hope of capturing the burglars. The
thieves had fled, however, but the officers
succeeded in recovering some of the stolen
goods. The arrept of the men is now ex
pected at any time. The property recov
ered consisted of gold watches. Jewelry
and household articles that were taken
from the residences of \V. L. Johnson,
Rev. Mr. Herenius, W. C. Maxey and
Philip Doerr.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marr:aje lirensps have been iosued as follows:
Dan T. M*ek and Elizabeth Moulton 42-51
B. H. Fitzgerald and Nannie M. Peterson.. 32-27
Goltiieb DieFtorheft and F.mllle Thurn 24-27
\V. M. A. Dd-prardj and May A. r>arrash..Cs-23
Henry F. Pchwab ar.d Christine Peterpen... 2o-21
Antonio Giadano and Camilla Maimieri 23-17
R. YV. Flrr.ors^n and Katherine Christensen. 15-20
Harold J. Schwartz and F-stplla llrfslauer.. 2o-19
John A. Rnwlani and A.ice L. Kar-tens. .36-13
KAILROAD TRAVEL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
lmiDE\D XOTICES.
HUMBOLDT Savinsi"^d~Lo!n~So^Tety. IJ
-| y**T «.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowlnc s»mi-annual dividends: 3€o per cent
per annum en term and 1 per cent per annum
«n OT&\Tjtrr deposit*, payable en and arter
January X. 1900. ERNEST BRAND. Sec.
IN 3 DAYS
• • • V I A mm*
Chicago, Union Pacific
. . . AND . . .
Northwestern Line
Efj-y Day la ths Y-ir froa 3»a TraaeiMa
AT 8:30 A. M.
Burst, Smoking t=l Libr.ry Can, w:ta
birbtr.
D«abl< Dttw:ng'-r3oa Slsej-.ag Ctrs.
Dlaiag Cari— mttjs t U earta.
Breikfwt ia Dinar aa LsiTisj Ca&tai Pier.
Osily-Taroofb Tawlit Car U Ciie»jo Witioi:
C!ung» »t 8:30 P. K.
B. r. rtiTcniE.
2 Vtv XtßtCtsirr 3t. 0«a. Agt. Paeifi* C«»it,
PtJMi Hotel. SAS riUXCISCO.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
JCOTICE :-. hereby r'.vn that the MarlsT'kip
Orj.hanace cf E-20 Lake *t. has received the
toilomrinz orphan, half-orphan and aban-
Aor.ei from October 1. LKO, to January
", IS^C': Nettie Moor*, apfi 32 year?; Oeclle
H. Williamson; are<i n years; Irene Bcnnet.
apM 11 yfar»: Vera C. Faber. aced > years;
fi" •-•rpie C. Fa^r. ae~l 4 years; Bessie I.
!><», ii>re<i 7 yfars: Mabel J. L«e. aped 5 years-
Fra-i<-f* M. Kane, ap^d 2 yei-s: En-.lly johns>-
ton, app<3 I S^ars; Dorothea Johnston, aced
IS months.
P."»OM? I'Strrel fr^ra J-": willteßed. II up;
ptdattng drne. Hartmsn Paint Co.. SIJ Third.
BAD >rcr'- frr J«: ratt«ctlOßl made:
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<:" M -r.'c "m«r\- ft., rvimt >-J0: tel. KM.
THE 0. R, & H. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From *-->*sr-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC £'2 First Class Inclurtinp Herth
rHfIL S3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 8. IS. IS; Feb. t. 12
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 11. 23; Feb. 7, 17
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through ticket* to all r^inta East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent,
£30 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
•EUIXG MACHI\ES A\l> SLI'I'LIES.
£2 MONTHLY, rented. r»pa!red. bought, sold;
rr.achine »ugpll«-«. 345 Fixth: rihcne Mint 45.
ALL. kinds bcn:Rht. sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pahiac at l«-«e«iT rat<>» 2fC> Fourth ft.
STORAGE AXIJ WAREHOUSES.
KETRCE-RUHOLPH Storage and Mcv^niT'coT
Of'ce. 4fil Pot^t n.. cor. Powe!;: tel. Main 571S
\VAT« II IIEPAIIUNG.
WAT<~HES d*aa«4 "o: Kuarar.teed I yeawT
Th> R^- 3rv.f-\r\- ar.<* O r «if. a | m..r n .. '.A*< Kea my.
COXPAGKIE GENE3ALE TIUNSATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRK-PARIS. j^b.
Sailing every Thursday inrfad of <3tjjXo
Saturday, from November 2. ISS3. at •«« 6 * i a***
10 a. m.. from Pier <2. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNU. Jan. 11- L\
AQI'ITAIXE. Jan. 15; LA GASCOGNE. Jan.
25; LA NORMAN DIE. Feb. 1. First-cla.«s to
Havre. $60 and upward: 5 per c^nt reduction on
round trip. P*»coml c!a?s to Havre. $43; "> per
cent reduction r>n round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FI'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Mnntß^mery five.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello. "
MON*.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 r. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:*) a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Te!<>i>hone Main 1508.
FARE 50c
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
- - - Thursday. January 4.
Stmr Nnvarro. .Tenpen. 20 hours from Eu-
Nettie Low. Low. 5 hours from Point
"*>'*¦ BAILED.
Thursday. January 4.
Stmr Cleveland. Kllttgaard. Kahulul.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BI^AKELEY-Salled Jan 4— Schr C S
Holmes, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 4— Br stmr Bloem
fonteln from "Honolulu; Br stmr Queen Ade
laide, from Hongkong: stmr Queen, hence
Jl PalW Jan 4— Br stmr City of London, for
Hongkong; bark Gatherer, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan I— Stmr Finance, for
C°lonC ° l0n- OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Darm
stadt, irom Bremen; stmr Nordland, from Ant-
Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Vlctortn. from Naples.
Sailed Jan 4-Stmr La Normandlo. for Havre;
stmr Kaiser Wtlhelm der Grosse, for Bremen,
via Cherbourg and Southampton.
LOX DOM— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Manhattan,
from New York.
Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Manitou. from New
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan S— Stmr Monmouth
shire from Hongkong, for Portland. Or.
QI'EENBTOWN— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool, and
PI PORTLAND. Me— Sailed Jan 4-Stmr Buenos
Ay res. for Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 4— Stmr Amster
dam, for New York.
OAKLAND ADTERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOH BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE
JCOO— WILL sell Qolck foPlSiooT'flnT^corner
refifler.ee: lot CxITS; > room*; up to dat*
E E 81-XCF.. »08 Br^mdwar. Oakland.
OAxajkxp i -KcnxiTiiai fou iaus.
AN lntrj<3uct',on tft you from H. PcheilhaaTTthe
furniture dra'.rt. 7*;h *n4 Franklin. Oakland.
ASSESSMENT XOTICES.
ASSEBSHKXT nctice-Wlttrarn Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of busineM
ZZ' :¦¦¦¦¦..¦: st.. Kan Krarj'-lrco.
Noitre is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board cf Dlrtctore. !v!<l on the l^th day
cf December. lbSfi. an a.-st-sMTier.t (No. 7)) of
cn»r Hi eect j*r share was levied upon the
capital sto^k- «-* the corporation, payable lm-
mt-iltat^ly in l_'n:»ed State* gold coin to the
t-forf-tary at the office of the comrianv at the
above address.
Any Hock urx-n which this as-s(-rErn*»nt shall
remain unj>ai'l on trie Jlnd day or January
HOB, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment 1*
rr.ade before, m-111 be cold on the 12th day of
February. l^A to pay the delinquent *"£*»-
rnent. together with son* of advertlsinsr and
expenses of ealt. Hy order of the Hoard of Dl-
recu>rm. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
,_ ___^___ t!7 Msrk-t st.
••••••••••••••••••••••9a*aeseeao«oec«i««e««a
Club Id omen Jpiscuss
%7he twentieth Century Cfirl
Senerai jCawton g Cmma Tfevada
as $ S as a
jffnew Jfcim. J California Sir/,
By CAPTAIN X FRANK §
LESLIE, Chief Scout; ©
c
/j>nffext\
©
Q
Tlome as a So/d~ % JJhe 3*irst S/ection
Seeker* s SParadise % in Tfome City,
o
•
c
Calif ornia' s • Ssooks y
&irst jCegistature. g J^asAion, J'iction,
o
Read tfex\ Sunday s Call January 7.
! CALIFORNIA NORTWESTERN BT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
[ Ttbaron Perry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
. WEEK DAYS— T:3O. 9:CO. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:15.
1:30. S:IU. 6:20 p. m. Thursday* — Extra tr:>
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at l:a*
and 11 :M d. m.
SUNDAYS— *:00, 9:JO. 11:00 a. in.: I:3a. »:38.
S: W. «:20 D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:I!>. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 11:43.
> 3:40, t:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:5."> and C:25 p. m.
I BTJXD AYS— 3:IO, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40. s:o*.
I <:2"> d. rr..
1 Betwetn San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
j mn« gchedute as above.
L*ave A rr'--«
I Ban Francisco. Ia Effect San Francisco.
I < October 15, ¦
1 Week Bun- 1599. P'tn- Waeli
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
T:*T> am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am t:4O am
I 1:3) pm i:SO *mf Petaturr.a. t:(8 pm 10:15 am
1:10 pm 6:00 prn Santa Ron. 7:33 prn (:21 pra
Fulton.
• T:3O am Windsor. 10:XS am
IleaMsbur-f,
Lytton.
Oeyservllle.
1 1:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 7:33 pm liUpa
! 7:20 am Hcpland and
S:CO ami Ulclaa. 7:30 pn> t:C pm
I T.SOam 1 10:33 am
8:00 amf Guernerllle. 7:35 pra •
I 8:30 pm t:S pa
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glra Ellen. 6:45 pra l:Upa
7:30 am 3:00 am SebastopoL 110:40 am 10:23 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm | 7:35 pm 1:23 pra
Stages- connect at Santa Ro«a for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at GeyaervlUt for Skaxj-s
i Spring": at Clcverdale for the Genoa; at I! -p-
I land for Duncan Spring*. Highland Spring*.
j Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lak«-
' port and Hartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
i tpr:r<». Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
[ Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lak*. Porno.
' Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierl-y**,
i Buckneirs. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"»
i Hot Springs. M<-n4o«-lno City. Fort lira* j,
i vrestport. Usat. Wlllttts. LaytonvJtle. Cam-
1 mlng^s. BeU> Springs. Harris. Ol3en"s. Dyer.
! 6cct:a an<l Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r»-
laotl ratei.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all point*
V-Yorv'. Sin Rafai>! at half mtes.
Ticket Offlc»s. 6.",0 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
B. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
: General Manager. Gea Pasa. Axemb
11H 1 *£ *0-MATZOS
The San Francisco Matzo Co.. factory and
main ofn>e at 1130 Howard st.. telephone South
467. Samples already. Matzos. 6c per pound;
iratzo meal. 8c per pound; mitzos baked with
eggs, 15c per pound; macrones. 40c per pound.
Orders also taken at 1240 Folsom St.. telephone
FoUcm 991.
RRTTQHFS FOR ba *ber3. bak-
IJXIU OITJIiO «•". bootblacks, bath-
v. w^ wv. , houses, billiard tables,
brewers. bookbiniWs. candy-makers, canners
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries paper-
hanjrers. printers, painters, shoe factories ¦ta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
LAWRENCE I DWYER, SUPERVISOR-ELECT.
they would not resist the election of a
good Republican to succeed Senator
Dwyer.
A special election was called in the
Eighth Senatorial District last February
to fill the vacancy in the State Senate
Caused by the death of Hon. John Boggs.
Governor Gage then maintained that it
was not in his power to save to-the coun
ties comprising the district the expense of
a special election, although it was con
ceded that the Senator chosen could not
receive his certificate of election many
days before the expiration of the session.
Having been officially advised that a va
cancy existed, the Governor maintained
that the constitution required that he
should call an election, and the law giving
force and effect to the constitutional pro
vision provided that he should call the
election at once.
The notion that the Governor may de
liberately ignore the constitution Is not
entertained. Certainly he has no con
tempt the constitution, because con
tempt usually springs from familiarity.
All things considered, It is predicted that
Gage will order a special election in the
Nineteenth District to fill the vacancy
caused by Senator Dwyer's resignation.
BAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 6, 1900.
Hon. Jacob H. Neff. Lieutenant Gov
ernor, State of California. President
of the Senate — Sir: Having been elected
as a member of the Board of Super
visors of the City and County of San
Francisco, I most respectfully resign
as a State Senator from the Nineteenth
Senatorial District.
This reslcnatlon is forwarded to you
In compliance with the provisions of
subdivision S of section 995 of the Politi
cal Code for the State of California.
Very respectfully,
LAWRENCE J. DWYER.
THE foregoing resignation was trans
mitted to Lieutenant Governor Neff
last evening and will without delay
be forwarded to Governor Gage as
the law requires.
It is such an unusual occurrence for a
Senator to resign that members of the
Legislature who were consulted yesterday
on this matter could not at first tell to
whom the resignation should be ad
dressed. Some legislators contended that
the letter should be addressed directly to
the Governor, while others fancied that
the Secretary of State was the officer to
address.
Reference to the Political Code cleared
away all doubts and Incidentally directed
attention to the fact that the law re
quires the Governor to call a special elec
tion to fill a vacancy in the Legislature
Immediately upon securing a resignation.
Under the new charter, section 4, article
XVI, a Supervisor of San Francisco can
not hold any other salaried public office,
therefore Senator Dwyer must resign his
State office to qualify as a member of the
Board of Supervisors.
In the event of an extra session of the
Legislature the vacancy caused by Mr.
Dwyer's resignation will have a slight
bearing on the ballot for United States
Senator if the Governor falls to call an
election to fill such vacancy. Only sixty
votes will be required to elect on joint
ballot if Mr. Dwyer's place is not filled.
The Democratic majority in the Nine
teenth Senatorial District is so slight
that it could be easily overcome by an
able and Independent Republican of anti
boss sympathies. The active young men
of the Democratic party are so discour
aged and demoralized over the knifing
they received from Mayor Phelan that
HEALTH BOARD WILL FIGHT.
The Members in Executive Session
Decide to Hold On.
The Board of Health held an informal
session yesterday morning with Drs.
Coffey, Payne and Barbat, Health Officer
Lawlor and Secretary Edgar B. Carroll
present. Though it was given out that
the executive meeting was for the pur
pose of taking steps to prevent the en
trance of bubonic plague to this port by
steamers coming from Honolulu, it is be
lieved that the real purport of the gather-
Ing was to discuss the necessary, ar
rangements to hold office against the ap
pointees of Mayor Phelan. Attorney
Charles Heggerty. associate of George A.
Knight, official attorney of the board, was
also present, and he read several opinions
and decisions to show that the board was
a State body and that the municipality
had no jurisdiction over it.
The present board, however, will make
no active fight to retain office, but will
rely on the fact that the new charter was
procured through p new amendment to
the constitution numbered "8%." which
provided for a board of freeholders who
framed a charter providing for all de
partments except the Health Board. The
matter was postponed until Saturday
morning, when another meeting will take
place to outline the course to be pursued
The board also discussed the bubonic
plague, which is said, to be raging in
Honolulu. It was decided to thoroughly
disinfect each vessel which may come to
this port from the Islands, and if the
Federal quarantine officer allows any ves
sel to dock she will be taken out in the
stream and fumigated to the satisfaction
of the local health authorities.
ELLARD D. SLACK, a deputy In the office of Auditor Wells, closed his New
Year's festivities yesterday afternoon by sending a bullet through his
brain. He had been dissipating for several days and believing that it was
' Impossible for him to extricate himself from financial difficulties that had
been gradually accumulating upon him he determined to end his life. Shortly
after 6 o'clock he left several boon companions and entered a Market street
saloon. He walked to the rear of the establishment and ascended a short
flight of stairs to one of the cardrooms.
A moment later the attendants heard a shot and a fall. They rushed up
stairs and found Slack with the revolver In his hand and the blood streaming 1
from his head. The bullet, which had been fired with deadly accuracy, had passed
through his head. As quickly as possible he was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where the physicians declared that death was only a matter of a very few
hours.
Slack was a young man widely and favorably known in the city and his
tragic death is a matter of sincere regret to hundreds of men whose esteem
and good will he won. About two years ago he entered local politics and was
caught In the dangerous whirl that has proved so disastrous to many. He in
terested himself in the political fortunes of Auditor Wells and gave his time and
his money to assist the Auditor in his campaign. After the election of Mr.
Wellß Slack received In compensation one of the best positions In the Auditor's
office.
For several months he conducted himself with the utmost propriety. Then
he had several lapses, which gradually became more frequent. He began to
neglect his duties and to drink. On one occasion he appeared for work in an
Intoxicated condition and was cautioned not to repeat the offense. Counsel and
admonition seemed to have no effect, however, and at the end of the year the
climax came.
Slack left his desk and started out to close the year with a drinking bout.
With several companions he went to one of the resorts on the ocean beach,
where he remained for two days. Still In an Intoxicated condition, he returned
to town and went to the racecourse at Tanforan Park. The racetrack had al
ready cost him a great deal of money. Time after time he had wagered and
lost, until he had exhausted not only his own money but all that he could bor
row. He had become Involved financially to such a degree that the prospect of
retrieving seemed remote.
Money lenders were harassing him, tradesmen were demanding what he owed
them and proprietors of local resorts were Insisting that he make a settlement.
He determined to make one more effort at the racecourse. He succeeded in
obtaining between $300 and $400, and with this sum went to Tanforan. Luck was
Btill against him. On Tuesday he lost $200 and on Wednesday lost $100 more.
These losses completed what drink and other reverses had already begun.
Slack decided that death was the only solution of his troubles.
He made, however, another effort to recover. He forsook his companions,
stopped drinking and yesterday afternoon reported to Auditor Wells. The Audi
tor was naturally angry and informed Slack that he had been suspended un
til next Monday. With this information Slack left the City Hall and went down
town. He bought a revolver and decided to kill himself. He went to a resort
en Market and Second streets and there. In the presence of a friend, destroyed his
letters and private papers. He then proceeded up the street, entered a saloon
on Market street, near Stockton, and there sent a bullet through his brain.
One of the most remarkable incidents In connection with the tragedy was fur
nished by the suicide's brother. A few minutes after Slack fired the bullet into
his brain his brother entered the saloon. He called for a drink and was told
what had happened just a few moments before. For a moment he staggered
and then with an oath he rushed from the saloon. He excitedly accosted several
people and then boarded a car that carried him to the Receiving Hospital. Here
his conduct was as extraordinary as It had been in the resort where his brother
had ended his life. The physicians in attendance turned over to him the dying
man's effects and he rushed upstairs to police headquarters, constantly reiterat
ing that his dying brother was a fool. In order to quiet and reassure him he
was placed in charge of a detective and taken from the City Hall.
Auditor Wells was deeply shocked last night when he was told what Slack
had done. "I do not believe," he Bald, "that the young man ever committed a dis
honest act. He was one of the most efficient clerks in my service, and until very
recently I had no cause to censure him. His particular duty was to attend to the
records of the license office, and In that work he had no opportunity to handle
money not his own. When he came to me to-day and was told that he was sus
pended until Monday he seemed to be very despondent. I am very* sorry thac he
has made away with himself."
Slack died at 12:10 o'clock this morning. He never regained consciousness.
Site of New Bank Building, Market and Geary Streets.
BY a sale concluded yesterday Mrs. Florence Blythe-Moor» conveyed t©
the Mutual Savings Bank, of which Mayor Phelan is president,, a plat of
land between Market and Geary streets, about forty feet west of the
Junction with Kearny street. The lot Is to be used for a magnificent
fireproof modern building of stone and brick, seven or eight stories high, of
which the ground floor will be arranged for the offices of the bank. The price
paid for the land is in the neighborhood of $300,000. and the deed was made by
Gunnison, Booth & Bartnett, representing Mrs. Moore, the final papers being
signed yesterday noon.
The deal is significant In that the bank expressed its confidence In tn»
Blythe title, and with this precedent it is expected that other sales of Blytha
property will soon be made, and that the old frame buildings will be succeed
ed by modern skvscraDers.
Five one or two-story shacks will have to be pulled down to make room
for the new bank building. On Market street the Komfort shoe store and Liv
ingston's dry goods store must go. The Geary street frontage of these stores,
as well as a shaving parlor, a button factory, a trunk store and an artificial
limb factory, must also be moved from the site acquired by the bank.
The bank will at once have plans prepared for Its new building, and the
work will be pushed as fast as possible. There are no leases in existence to
prevent immediate work, and after the plans are ready the tenants can all be
moved in a month.
At 5 o clock last evening Mayor Phelan. president, and Frank J. Sullivan.
attorney of the Mutual Savings Bank; A. T. Spotts, president of the Cali
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Company; representatives of Slmoson &
Millar, searchers of records; and Attorney Walter J. Bartnett of the firm
of Gunnlson, Booth & Bartnett, who have been conducting the negotiations,
visited the Recorder's office and filed for record the eight deeds necessary
to perfect title In the consummation of the important deal. After the
necessary details had been attended to the party adjourned to the Mayor'«
office, where Attorney Bartnett cave the hlstorv ot the negotiations.
"Mrs. Florence Blythe-Moore," he said, "has purchased the Interests of
General W. H. H. Hart. John H. Boalt. John Garber. S. Woolberg, Thomas
B. Bishop, George E. Bates and W. W. Foote in and to the Blythe block, and
she is now vested with the title In fee simple to the entire block. The In
terests were distributed as follows: Attorney Hart, 12Vi per cent (of which h«
surrendered l-175th to Woolberg and 1 per cent to Bates; Boalt, 2 per C«nt;
Garber. 2 per cent: Bishop. 2 per cent: and Foote. 2 per cent.
"Mrs. Moore has also settled the Steele suit of $60,000. This was an action
brought by the executrix of the last will of E. L. G. Steele, deceased. The
Mutual Savings Bank becomes the purchaser of the two most easterly lots
of the Blythe block and all the deeds were recorded this evening. The Title
Insurance and Trust Company has insured the title and given a policy of In
surance for $1,000,000 on a loan for a similar amount, which will b« consum
mated In New York in thirty days. The title company has arranged for the
reinsurance of the title to the extent of $750,000 in one of the leading title
insurance companies in New York. All the necessary papers are now beinj
escrowed to release various hens, claims, mortgages and Judgments against
the property which have been In process of settlement for thre« month*
past.
"The McAllister demands set up In the suit brought by Attorney Bergin
on his 3 per cent contract have been adjusted and an amicable settlement ef
fected with nearly all parties holding contracts or demands against Mrs.
Moore. Seven suits have been dismissed, eight Judgments satisfied, and
there now remains on the property only a mortgage of $53,500, loaned to Mr.
and Mrs. Moore by the Mutual Saviners Bank at 6 per cent.
The title to the property is now in merchantable shape, bo that tt can b«
sold. That portion lying east of Brook street will be sold also, and subse
quently the western portion of the block will be improved by Mr. and Mrs.
Moore in a manner that will be an ornament to the city."
Another of the many Blythe estate contests has been passed upon by the
Supreme Court, and the young woman that the courts have tlma and again
decided to be the child and heir of Thomas H. Blythe. deceased, gains Judg
ment. Boswell M. Blythe brought action against Florence Blythe-Hlnckley
(now Mrs. A. A. Moore Jr.) to recover certain lands in this city belonging to
the estate. He set up the claim as heir at law of Thomas H. Blythe. and
contended that the proceedings and Judgments of the Superior and Supreme
courts distributing the estate to the heiress were void on the ground that, at
the time of Blythe's death she was an alien and there is no law permitting
non-resident aliens to Inherit real estate. In the lower court a general de
murrer was entered and sustained, from which an appeal was taken. The
Supreme Court yesterday sustained the defendant's demurrer.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a couch; Never falls. Try It. All druggists.
SHEEHAN-SCOTT CONTEST.
Case Has Been Taken Under Advise
ment by Judge Seawell.
The Sheehan-Scott contest has been
submitted for decision to Judge Seawell.
All yesterday testimony was taken and
the lawyers argued. Richard I. Whelan,
Injured by a Fall.
J. D. McLean, residing at 1121 Market
street, undertook yesterday afternoon to
alight from car 1012 of the Mission line at
Preclta avenue. He fell to the pavement.
He was taken to the City and County
Hospital, where he was treated by Dr
Boskowltz for a wound over the right
eye.
Stuffed Ballot-Box, Everybody Happy
The district of Nome had an election,
the first one held there. Some of the
funniest things happened that you
ever read. Everybody voted, and two
or three times if they wished. Just
read about It In The Sunday Call of
January 7, and also look out for a
splendid picture of the main street In
Nome ana some mining scenes that will
be of value to any prospective pros
pector. You may wish to go there in
the spring, and you can't afford to
miss this article: or, If not going your
self, you may have a friend who is
ambitious in that line. Send it to him.
Wedding Invitations and visiting cards,
fine writing papers, tablets and papeterles
in our stationery department. Greatest
variety and best values. Sanborn Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
SAYS SHE IS
DRUGGED AND
THEN ARRESTED
Zeilin's Niece Charged
With Burglary.
Considerable mystery hovers around the
case of "Mary Brown," who wae arrested
yesterday morning at 8 o'clock by Officers
O'Keefe and Ward and charged with
burglary by H. M. Duncan, in whose room
Jn the "Burlington" the young woman
was found.
According to the Btory told by Duncan
to the police, the young woman was In
act of removing an $800 diamond ring from
2>uncan'» finger whfle he lay dozing in
b«d. when he grabbed hold of her and
summoned the officers of the law.
According to W. F. Zeilln. who claims to
b« the uncle of the young woman, his
niece Is the unfortunate victim of some
miscreant, and, dax^d and stupefied by
tome drug, she wandered into the room
occupied oy Duncan, and the arrest fol
lowed.
Duncan r**« further than the diamond
¦a** Aivtr , «??_£ declare* tha^?^ waa tftk>q
out of his pockets. The theory of the po
lice is that the woman had been In Dun
can's room earlier In the evening, and hail
returned to get another $25 she had pre
viously overlooked, when Duncan awoke
and caught her in the act.
"Of course my niece's name Is not Mary
Brown," said Zeilin, "and I consider it
fortunate that she had enough reason left
when arrested to give a fictitious name. 1
dare not think what has happened to the
poor girl. She came over from her home
In Contra Costa on Wednesday afternoon,
and was to have gone with me In the even
ing to dinner and the theater. I waited
for her and she did not come. I grew
alarmed and began to search about town
for her. Yesterday morning at 8 o'clock
I received word that 6he was at the City-
Prison. I hastened at once to her, and
found that she had be«n drugged and was
altogether unable to explain how she had
come into the house where she was found
"It Is ridiculous to suppose that she was
there to steal. Her mother, who is a
widow, owns one of the largest ranches in
Contra Costa County, and the young
woman has all the money she can possibly
need."
Mr. Zeilln would not disclose the where
abouts of his nifce yesterday. "There is
no reason to see her," he said. "She is
still under the influence of the drug ad
ministered and is unable to make any ex
planation."
When searched at the prison Mary
Brown had no money about her person
The theory of the police and Duncan ie
that the woman passed her first haul to a
confederate who awaited her in the corri
dor outside Duncan's apartment. Zeilln
declares that instead of having robbed
Duncan his niece has been robbed, and he
reports the loss of a valise containing sil
ver toilet articles and $50 in gold coin.
Mary Brown was arraigned before Judge
Conlan yesterday morning and ordered to
appear for trial on next Tuesday morning.
She waa released from custody on |10W
bonds. Ztllia bejng her security.
CRUSHED TO DEATH
UNDER AN ELEVATOR
James Walsh Caught Between a
Plank and a Heavy Freight
Carrier.
James Walsh, a painter, was crushed
and killed by an elevator in a bulldjng
at 218 Beale street yesterday afternoon.
The unfortunate man was caught between
a plank and a heavy freight concern In
the shaft opposite the first landing and
when the elevator was raised after the
accident his body fell down the shaft a
distance of about thirty feet.
The building in which the accident hap
pened is Just being completed for the
Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden Company
as a warehouse and was turned over to
the owners by the contractors yesterday.
An employe of the Cahill & Hall Eleva
tor Company was instructing a new man.
R. M. Jewitt, how to run a heavy freight
elevator which had been placed In position
and the machine was started downward
from the first floor. Walsh, who was
painting the Interior of the shaft, had a
plank stretched across it at the first
landing. He did not see the elevator com
ing until it was almost above him. He
screamed, but his warning was not
sounded in time to prevent the heavy tim
bers from crushing him. As soon as pos
sible the man was released and his body
fell off the plank to the bottom of the
shaft. The skull was fractured and h»?
was evidently killed Instantly.
Deceased was about 52 years of age and
resided at 47 Garden avenue.
Fire Department Changes.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and accepted the resignation of
R. S. Chapman of truck 5. Robert
O'Rourke was appointed to fill the va
cancy. The final meeting: of the board
will be held Monday at noon, unless the
president sees fit to call it sooner.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
STATE SENATOR DWYER
TENDERS RESIGNATION
Special Election Must Be Called
to Fill Vacancy.
Democrats so Demoralized by MayorPhelan's
Course That a Republican Can Easily
Win in the Nineteenth District.
TWO MEN WHO ARE SLATED FOR IMPORTANT PLACES.
CALLUNDAN SLATED FOR
CHIEF OF DETECTIVES
Clever Scheme of Gunst to Have
Him Succeed Captain Bohen.
As a Preliminary Step the Commissioner
Has Morse's Man Appointed a Member
of the Force— Promotions Made.
CLOSED HIS LIFE
WITH A DEBAUCH
CHARLES FAY IS
LINED UP FOR A
PARK POSITION
Is in the Fight for
Secretaryship.
PHELAN SAID TO SECOND HIM
HIS BBWABD FOB SERVICES TO
THE ORGANIZATION.
Charlie Fay, the fifth wheel of the local
Democratic "organization," Is afflicted
with an aspiration. It's no simple politi
cal ambition that has stricken him; it's
a slmonpure aspiration of large and am
ple proportions, and according to Mr. Fay
it is non-partisan In its character. The
fact Is that Mr. Fay wants to get out of
politics and considers the best way out
of It the secretaryship of the Incoming
Park Commission. According to the wise
ones he Is out for that Job with all the
fervor of young ambition, and the Mayor
is behind him with all the force of a keen
desire to unload him upon that body.
Mr. Fay's aspiration to become a secre
tary and a non-partisan all in one bunch
;l°sw e S. ent B ene ratlon; so recent In fact
that it dates back only to Saturday last
when Mayor Phelan In making his ap
pointments declined to honor any of the
suggestions made by Mr. Fay or Gavin
McNab.
Mr. Fay saw the futility of partisan
politics at that minute, and then and
there came to an Irrevocable conclusion
that he could do better and more gen
erously serve the best interests of New
ban Francisco as a modest secretary on
an artistic commission than as the more
or less modest messenger boy of a soul
less and unappreciatlve "organization,"
no matter how close to the throne his
station.
He communicated his conviction to the
Mayor, who, it Is said, warmly commend
ed his perception and promised to do all
In his power to convince the Park Com
mission of Mr. Fay's deserving qualities.
\\ ith this confirmation of his own opin
ions, Mr. Fay. it is said, has started out
to unload himself and his well-known
abilities upon the park people, and noth
ing short of his success is being pre
dicted.
William F. Dixie, A. 8. J. de Guerre
George R. Armstrong, Marie E. New
l^n? s> AyA v A -^ Brown - Elliott Reed, A. J.
Miller, John S. Drum and W. D. Littleton
were called to the stand and all gave tes
timony in favor of the plaintiff. The ma
jority of the witnesses had heard Scott
say early in ISM that he Intended to make
this city his permanent residence. Wells
Fargo & Co.'s receipts were introduced to
show the dates upon which Scott had
shipped packages from San Jose.
Attorney Tauszky, who with A. Ruef
represents Scott, contended that the resi
dence of the Tax Collector-elect had been
established in fact and in law. Garret
McEnerney. however, contended different
ly and analyzed the evidence offered in
support thereof.
Judge Seawell will to-day take up the
Farnham-Boland contest for the office of
Public Administrator.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1900.
MUTUAL BANK TO BUILD
ON BLYTHE PROPERTY
i Collar Economy 1J
la We have just received an invoice of four-ply SB
H linen collars — 2100 fine. These collars are sold for ! 1
II lOC each H
H They are excellent quality. Their merit !s li
£3 proven by the great number which we have sold | I
II heretofore, as they have given entire satisfaction, i j
|r4 Latest of shapes. \ j
bl 718 riarket Street. pi
JOHN MOONEY, Lieutenant.
JOE BURNETT. Sergeant.
LIONEL SHAW. Sergeant.
HERBERT WRIGHT. Sergeant.
JOHN T. FITZHENRY. Sergeant.
JULES J. CALLUNDAN. Patrolmar
THE Police Commissioners met
yef=t»Tday afternoon and appointed
a successor to Lieutenant Nash,
deceased, four sergeants and one
patrolman.
Sergeant Mooney. who was advanced
tr. the rank of lieutenact. has been doing
fluty at the North End station and Bur
nett has t>een connected with the O'Far
rell-Mxeet station for some time.
Wright, or "Handsome Al," as he Is
known to his associates. Is now a
clerk in the Chiefs office. He has
t host of friends in the department.
H«* will undoubtedly eueoeed Sergeant
Bethel, retired, in caring for the sick
and wounded members of the force.
Ehaw, who is one of the most popular
members of the force, has been connected
with the harbor station for some time, and
formerly had charge of the police gymna
elum. He was warmly congratulated by
his fellow officers when his appointment
was announced. Fltzhenry, the "sweet
linger of the department," as he is famil
iarly called, has fc*-en doing clerical work
In the Southern Station, and is considered
one of the most careful and conscientious
members cf the force.
The most surprising appointment, how
ever, was that of Jult-s J. Callundan. For
years pa*:. Callundan has been acting at.
captain of Morse's Patrol.
In that capacity he has been earning a
salary of $15<i a month. Why he should
resign his position to accept a place as
an ordinary patrolman fairly mystified
Jiot only his friends, but the heads" of th»»
department.
After the meeting, however, it developed
that Callundan f> appointment as a police
man was Intended as a "joker" to pave
the way for him to the oflice <>t Chief of
Detectives under the new hoard of Police
Commissioners. Commissioner Gunst, who
is said to be a party to the deal, pro
posed Callundan's name at the meeting
cf the board and moved that he be ap
pointed a member of the regular force.
For a mlr.ute the other Commissioners.
Including Chief Lees, were nonplussed
Lees has no love for Callundan on ac
count of his association with Harry
Morce, whom he dislikes with the hatred
of a. Dipper Indian. Notwithstanding
Leep' opposition, Gunst won his point, and
Callundan was duly appointed and sworn
In as a full-fledged policeman.
When seen after the meeting 5n refer
ence to Ca.llundan'6 appointment Gunst
¦aid:
"I suppose Callundan was appointed
through Dan Burns. The colonel is on
very friendly terms -with Morse, and as
the latter wanted Callundan appointed
Burns went to the front for him."
"Did you not propose his name at the
meeting'?" was aeked.
"I don't care to discuss It," he an
swered. "I have already told you that
Burns is responsible for the appoint
ment."
Asked if It was not slated that Callun
dan should succeed Captain of Detectives
Bohen. Commissioner Gunst said he did
not know.
"I suppose that some day Callundan
will be in the upper office, but in what
capacity I am unable to cay. He has con
siderable detective ability and. no doubt,
would prove a valuable acquisition to the
Police Department. If I were to remain a
Police Commissioner for a few months
longer I would make a number of other
chang-es. However, I am booked to go,
but will always take a great Interest in
the affairs of the Police Department."
Callundan admitted that he was anx
ious to become a member of the "upper
office" force.
"Whether they will make me chief of
detectives or not," he remarked, "I am
at a loss to say. It is true that I have
hopes in that direction, but whether they
will be realized I do not know. However,
I expect that when the new Commission
ers take their seats I will be made a de
tective."
It is authoritatively stated that Callur.
dan's appointment as a policeman is the
first step toward making him chief of the
detective department. He ha 3 a strong
backing and is liable to capture the plum.
Detective Kd Wren, who is one of the
shrewdest and most capable men in the
department, will give Callundan a hard
fight for the place. His many friends are
working In his behalf and are confident
of success. Wren enjoys the distinction of
having arrested more desperate criminals
than any other member of the detective
force.
By a unanimous vote of the Board of
Police Commissioners it was decided to
appoint temporarily Sergeant John T.
Grer-n as property clerk to take the place
of Captain Moran. who was retired on a
pension a few days ago. It is among the
possibilities that Green's appointment will
be made permanent to-day.
Under the impression that more vacan
cies existed in the department the Com
rrlpfioners at their meeting yesterday ap
pointed John M. Lewis and Robert Cock
rill sergeants of police and Thomas
O'Rourke corporal. It wae discovered a
short time after that all the vacancies
had been filled and the three last appoint
ments were withdrawn.
To-day the Commissioners will meet as
a pension board for the last time. It Is
understood that they will retire a num
ber of old officers, among whom are said
to be Sergeants Lindheimer and Brown
of the Central Station and Shields of the
North End Station. .-•
12