LONDON, Feb. 23.— Tbe official report
gives 146 njen Killed at Paardeberg Drift on
Sunday, February 18, including sixty-three
Highlanders and eighteen Canadians.
World from London dated Saturday. 6 a.
am., says: There are strong rumors that
the siege of Ladysmith has been raised.
They were received by wire too late to be
printed In • the regular editions of the
newspapers, and cannot be confirmed at
present. ¦
HEAVY FIGHTING YET
ON AT LADYSMITH
LONDON, Feb. 24.— The Dally Telegraph
has the' following dispatch from Chieveley,
dated Wednesday, February 21:
"If is reported that General White sor
tled from Ladysmith yesterday and cap
tured a number of Boer wagons. There is
heavy firing in the direction of. Lady
smith. either on 'the part of Sir George
White or of the Boers."
A dispatch to the Daily Telegraph from
Pletermaritzburg, dated Thursday, says:
"Fighting is proceeding in the vicinity
of Pieters this morning. General Buller*s
advance is being opposed by both big guns
and rifle- fire,"
. . The , Daily Chronicle has the following
dispatch from Ladysmith, dated Saturday,
February 17:
- "All day men gather on the convent hill
and try to see General Bull er's shells burst-
Ing in the distance. The siege has been
Inexpressibly tedious for the last fort
night. The Boer camps have entirely dis
appeared from the old positions within tha
last few days, and large parties with
wagons are trekking westward. It la as
sumed that the Free Staters are. going to
resist the advance of Lord Roberts.
"We estimate that about 6000 have gone.
Near. the foot of .Butuwuna the Boers hava
been constructing a work near the river.
possibly a dam. We can see a figure like
a noted lady in a red petticoat directing
operations."
DELAY IN UTILIZING
WIRELESS TELEGRAPH
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her-
ald. Copyrighted. 1300, by the New Toxic
Herald Company.
LONDON. Feb. 23.— At a meeting of tha
Wireless Telegraph Company to-day the
chairman. Major Flood Page, mentioned
the fact that a vessel, which got in the<
Goodwin sands, was saved by means of
the Marconi system. He said the an
nouncement that the American navy had
founded another system was untrue. Tha
chairman dilated on what might have hap.
pened at Kimberley and Ladysmith had;
the War Office let the company's asalat-
DURBAN, Feb. 23, evening.— The rumor gains credence that Ladysmith has been relieved. It is also reported that General Cronje
has surrendered 8000 men and that General Kitchener has been slightly wounded in : the left arm: ; ? ; ;
Crowds throng the streets singing and cheering because of the supposed victories. Seventeen hundred -Boer^ or
wounded, the latter, it is reported, including General Cronje;
GENERAL P. A. CRONJE.
Knowing Reinforcements May Not Be
Able to . Reach Them, the Repub
licans Make a Splendid Defense
That Wins the/ Admiration of the
\/\/ ii t^ l n ¦ ¦¦•¦•.
With Nearly Five-Score Guns, Many
of Large Caliber, Lord Roberts' At
tacking Forces Continue to Bombard
the Boer Position, Causing Terrible
Carnage.
* - *
Fighting Stubbornly, the Bur
ghers Seem Determined to
Justify Their President's'
Threat He Would Stagger
Humanity With the Lives
the War Would Cost.
Although Urged by His Wife
to Surrender, the Gallant
Commander of the Free
State Forces Continues to
Battle Again st : Most Desper
ate Odds. . .
CRONJE YET HOLDS OUT AGAINST THE
FEARFUL FUSILLADE OF BRITISH CANNON
i [Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyrighted. 1900. by the New York
Herald Company. Republlcatlon of this dispatch Is prohibited. All rights
reserved in the United States and Great Britain.]
MODDER RIVER, Feb. 22.— General Cron
je's wife, so prisoners say, is urging him to
surrender to save the lives of \)\s men.
Prisoners also assert that a death; blow r;as
been struck to the resistance in trje Free
State.
LONDON, Feb. 24.- : — Persistent rumors were current in
London throughout yesterday that General Cronje had
surrendered with 7060 men, but up to this moment no
official news of any such event had been received by the War
Office.
If Cronje was on Tuesdayin the position described under
the heavy fire of six field batteries, a howitzer battery and five
naval guns, his condition must have been desperate. He then
has to stand up to the projectiles thrown by forty-seven guns,
many of them of large caliber. '
This total of guns was probably largely increased on
Wednesday, as even without the horse artillery Lord Roberts
should have ninety or a hundred guns available. . New batter
ies are now arriving at the Cape, and one- may presume they
are being sent up to him, though as, yet the horses cannot be .,
fit for hard work.
Unless, therefore, very powerful Boer reinforcements ar
rive on the scene in a body, Cronje's fate must be regarded as
sealed.
All the newspapers this morning join with one accord: in'
an expression of admiration for the amazing pluck of Cronje and j ,
his men, who; after being cornered by -Lord Roberts' strategy,
arc making such a splendid 'fight. . . ... . :v . ... „ , -;-.
To the west of them are their lost possessions, a compar
atively safe refuge of greac hills. To the east of them they can
hear the fateful thunder of General French's field guns, keeping
all aid away. Yet they fight stubbornly . against the "Red
Their dead and wounded are lumbering every post. Their
store wagons are flaming around them. Their oxen, which
should be with their transports, are slain by artillery or mad
with fright and thirst. They themselves seem* to be fighting for
nothing better than to justify their President's menace that he/
would stagger humanity by the lives the war would cost.
On other fields of warfare the news which has reached.
London favors the British campaign. It is true that the Boers
claim a success Tuesday on theTugela, and assert that they
drove back a body of British troops who were trying; to cross ,
the river, but from information of a later date. we. know, that the
passage was successfully accomplished.- It is still quite uncer-.
tain whether General Buller has a large Boer force before him
or only a small rear guard. The latter. seems probable.
. , ;On Wednesday the British troops appear to have advanced
very slowly. It was then thought the Boers /would take \up a ;
position on the slopes of Mount Bulwaria and enfilade the lines .
of the main British advance. The British moved in extremely
open order, and were greeted with heavy shrapnel fire from
Grobler's Klooff, which did littie damage, however. , . :
' The impression is gaining ground in Sir Redver's head- :
quarters that the Boers are merely covering, the retirement of
their entire force. White's, guns at Ladysmith have been -
turned on the Boer, positions along the Klip River to prepare :
the way for'the advance of the relieving forces.
At Colenso it is reported that General White ; has made . a '.
sortie and has captured some Wagons of the retreating /Boers..;
In.thehorth of Cape Colony a fresh British advance seems
to;have_been begun, theßoers giving way in front of Arundel
and. -at Stormberg. Naturally
both from Natal and from Coles
berg the invaders of the British
colonies are streaming back to
their. own country to help their
hard-pressed comrades on the
Modder. From all accounts,
however, it will be impossible for
them to give material assistance,
for. Lord Roberts, with the aid o£
French's cavalry, seems to be
easily able to both hold Cronje
closely invested and drive off in
detail such reinforcements as ap
pear- in the neighborhood of
Paardeberg.
NATIVES REPORT THE
RELIEF OF MAFEKING
;- : NBW YORK, -Feb. 24.— A Sun special
from London sftys: The Standard's cor
respondent at Kimberley reports that
General ' French .'when he left to co-oper
ate In the pursuit of Commandant Cronje,
encountered a body .of the . enemy • at
Droonfleld. He led them, by clever tac
tics;- on to an' open plain and then loosed
the lancers on ' them. " Forty .Boers were
killed. . " .
U The j dispatch adds- that a | farmer at
Barkley West auotes the natives as re
porting that Colonel Plummer has relieved
Maf eking and is now south of | Marsbogo
advancing to Vryburg. The farmer, whose
name Is Kelly, does not profess to vouch
for the truth of the .reports.
REPORTED RAISING OF
THE LADYSMITH SIEGE
KTCW TORJC. Feb. 23.— A special to thai
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVH- S?)^ 86.
The San Francisco Call
w ONBON, Feb. 24. — The liourenzo Marques correspondent of the Daily News, telegraphing Tuesday, says:
¦ v "We are in. a state of doubt and anxiety regarding events in j the Free State. We hear that the
telegraph wires between General Cronje and Bloemfontein have been severed' and the news from the
front is conflicting. •
"It is a symptom of the present trend of events that storekeepers in the Free State have wired here,
stopping the forwarding of goods. I learn that the Transvaal Government has £5,000,000 in bullion at Pre
toria and is coining 35,000 sovereigns a month." - '-, .¦"• \! . • '
LOURENZO MARQUES, Feb. 23. — Fighting continues around Petrusburg and Kimberley. The gen
eral result is yet undecisive.
CHIEVELEY, Feb. 22. — The main body of the Boers has fled, evidently with, the object of stemmingADVERTISEMENTS.
i PHYSICIANS DECEIVED.
Skeptical at Pirst Regarding ths
Value of the New Pile Cure.
Many physicians for a Jong time' sup-
posed that the remarkable relief afforded
by. the Pyramid Pile Cur« was because
thify suppose it- -to contain -cocaiixv
rplum or similar drtwrs. but euch is not the
rase. A recent careful analysis of the
remedy shows It to be absolutely free
from cocaine, opium or In fact any poison-
ous, injurious drug whatever. It was
found to contain only healing antiseptics
and soothing oils.
For this reason the Pyramid Pile Cure
Is the only pile cure extensively used and
recommended by physicians because it Is
co safe, so prompt in the relief afforded
from a single application, and so far as
known the only positive cure for plies ex-
cept a surgical operation.
About one person In every four suffers
"from some form of piles. The most com-
mon and annoying is itching piles. Indi-
cated by warmth, slight moisture and in-
tense uncontrollable Itching in the affect-
ed parts. This form of the disease as well
as protruding, blind and bleeding piles,
readily yields to the curative action of
the Pyramid.
The usual treatment has been some sim-
ple salve or ointment which sometimes
pave temporary relief, but nothing like a
permanent cure could be expected from
such superficial remedies.
The Pyramid Pile Cure gives quicker re-
lief than any of these and the relief and
cure are permanent.
The Pyramid Is In suppository form and
the first application gives Instant relief
from the pain,, itching and soreness, and
the continued use for a short time re-
moves the tumors and the small parasites
which cause the itching and discomfort, i
The remedy Is applied at night. Is very
convenient, and. causes no detention from
daily occupation.
The Pyramid haa become the best
known, safest and most extensively sold
of any pile cure before the public.
AJI druggists 6ell full sized treatments
at GO cents and a little book on cause and
cure of piles will be mailed free to any
address by writing to Pyramid Co., Mar-
shall, Mich.
If suffering from any form of piles ask
your druggist for Pyramid Pile Cure and
trr it to-r.'ghU _
ADVEBTISHaTENTS.
treasury notes, the gold coin held against out
standing gold ' certificates, the United. States
notes held against outstanding currency cer
tificate* and the silver dollars held against
outstanding sliver certificates, and each of
the funds represented by these accounts shall
be used for the redemption of the notes and
certificates for which they are respectively
pledged and shall be used for no other pur
pose, the same being held as trust funds.
Section 6. That It shall be the duty of the
Secretary of tbe Treasury as fast as standard
silver dollars are coined under the provisions
of. the acts of July 14, 1534. and June 13. \%'i%,
from bullion, purchased 'under the act of July
14 1890, to retire and cancel an equal amount
of treasury notes whenever received Into the
treasury, ' either by exchange in- accordano*
with the provisions of this act or in the
ordinary course of business, and upon the can
cellation of treasury notes silver, centiflcates
shall 'be -issued -against th« stiver- dollars ao
coined.
Issues of Gold Certificates.
Section fc That the Secretary of the Tre«a
nry Is hereby authorized and directed to re
ceive deposits of gold coin with the. Treasurer
or any assistant treasurer of the United States
In sums of not less than twenty dollars and to
ls!«ue gold certificates therefor In denomina
tions of not lees than twenty dollars, ' and the
coin co deposited shall be retained In the treas
ury and held for the payment of such-certifi
cates on demand and used for no other purpose.
Such certificates shall be. receivable for cus
toms, taxes and all public duties, and when
so received may be reissued and when held
by any national banking association may be
counted as a part of its lawful reserve; pro
vided, that whenever and bo long as the gold
coin held In the reserve fund In the treasury
for the redemption of United States notes and
treasury notes shall fall and.' remain below
$100,000,000 - the authority to Issue certificates
as herein provided shall be suspended; and
.provided further, that whenever and so .long as
the aggregate amount of United States notes
and silver certificates In the ¦ general fund- of
the treasury shall exceed $00,000,000 the Secre
tary of the Treasury may,/ in his discretion,
suspend the Issue of the certificates herein
provided for; and "provided further," that of the
amount of such outstanding - certificates one
fourth at least shall be in denominations of
$50 or less: and provided further, that the
Secretary of the Treasury may, in his discre
tion issue-such certificates in denomination 1 of
$10,000, payable to order; and section 5193 -, of
the Revised Statutes of the United \ States .Is
hereby repealed.. , • ,•
Section 7. Hereafter silver certificates shall
be Issued only of denominations of $10 and un
der, except ' that not exceeding 'In the ' aggre
gate- 10 -per centum of the total volume of. said
certificates, In- the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury, may be . Issued In denomina
tions of $20. $50 and $100; and silver certificates
of higher ' denomination than j $10,t except : as
herein jirovided. . shall, whenever . received at
the treasury or redeemed, be retired "and can
celed and certificates -of denominations- of $10
or less ehall be substituted therefor, and, after
such substitution. In whole or In part, a like
volume of United States notes of leen denomi
nation than $10 shall from time to time . be re
tired and canceled and notes of denominations
of $10 and'iiDward shall be < reissued In ; sub
stitution therefor, with like- qualities and' re-
Btrlctlons as those retired and canceled. -, : ¦;
Subsidiary Silver.
See. 8. That the Secretary of the. Treasury is
hereby authorized to use at his. discretion any
silver bullion .In the Treasury of the Untted
State* purchased under the act of July 14, IS9O,
for coinage Into such denominations of subsi
diary silver. coln<as may . be necessary to meet
the public requirements for euch coin; prqvided,
that the 'amount' of subsidiary, silver cbln'out
standing shall, not ut»'any time exceeii»in the
aggregate ¦ $100,000,000.- • ' 'Whenever any ' silver
bullion purpnased -under the act of July 14, JB9O.
shall be used In' the coinage of subsidiary-sil
ver coin, an amount of treasury; n.otes issued
under said act equal to the cost of ,the .bullion
contained !h f . such coin " shall, be" 1 canceled ;aad'
not reissued. '¦¦'-¦ — •'¦'•. .-:¦•¦¦» :.-•¦>¦ ;.-¦¦...
Sec. 9. That the Secretary of the Treasury Is
hereby authorised " and directed to caves all
worn and uncurrent subsidiary silver coin of the
United States now In the treasury,* and here
after received, to be recolned, and to reimburse
the treasury of the United States for the dif
ference between the nominal and face value of
such coin and the amount the same will pro
duce In new coin from any moneys In the
treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 10. That section Sl3B of the Revised Stat
utes Is hereby amended so as to read as follows:
"Sec. 5133. No association shall be organized
with a less.capital than $100,000, except that
banks with a capital of not less than 150.000
may, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, be organized In any place the popu
lation of which does not exceed 6000 Inhabitants,
and except that banks with a capital of not less
than $25,000 may, with the sanction of the Sec
retary of the Treasury, be organized In any
place the population of which does not exceed
3000 inhabitants. No association shall be organ
ized In a city the population of which exceeds
£0,000 persons with a capital of less than JiOO.
000." v »
Redemption of Bonds.
Bee. It. That tho Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized to receive at the treasury
any cf the 'oltEtandlng bonds of the United
States b'earlng interest at 6 . per centum per
annum, payable February 1, 1904, and any
bonds of the -United States bearing Interest at
4 per centum per annum, payable July 1, 1907,
and any bonds of the United States . bearing in
terest at 3 per cent per annum, payable August
1, 19QS, and to issue in exchange therefor an
fequal amount of- coupon or registered bunds
of the United States In such form as he may
prescribe, in denominations of $50 or any mul
tiple thereof, bearing Interest at the rate of 2
rtr centum per annum, payable quarterly,
suoh bonds to be payable at the pleasure of
the United States after thirty years from the
date of. their issue, and said bonds. to be pay
able (principal and interest) In gold coin of
the present standard value and to b* exempt
from the payment of all taxes or duties of ths
United States as well as from taxation. In any
form by or under Stete. municipal or local
authority; provided, that such outstanding
bonds' may be 'received In exchange at a valu
ation not greater than their present worth to
yield an lncpme of 2% per centum per annum,;
and In consideration of the reduction of In
terest effected, the - Secretary of the Treasury
Is authorized to pay to the holders .of the out
standing bonds surrendered for exchange, out
of any money In the treasury not otherwise
appropriated, a sum not greater than the dif
ference between their present worth, computed
aa aforeoaid. and their par value, and the pay
ments to be made hereunder shall be he!d to
be payment? on account of the sinking fund
created by section 3694 of the Revised Statutes;
and provided,, further, that ihe !' per centum
bonds to be issued under the provisions of this
act shall be Issued at not less than par and
they shall be numbered consecutively In the
order of their Issue, and when payment is
made the last numbers Issued shall be the first
paid, and this order shall ba followed until all
the bonds are paid and whenever any of the.
outstanding bonds are called for payment In
terest thereon shall cease three months sfter
such call; and there Is hereby appropriated
out of any money In the treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to effect the exchanges of bonds
provided for In this act, a sum not exceeding
one-fifteenth of 1 per centum of the face value
of said bonds, to pay the expense of preparing
and issuing the same and other expenses in
cident thereto.
National Bank Notes.
Sec. 12. That upon the deposit with, the
Treasurer of the United States by any national
banking association of any bonds of the United
States In the manner provided by existing law,
such association shall be entttled to receive
from, the Comptroller of the. Currency circu
lating notes in blank, registegbd and counter
signed as provided by the law, equal In amount
tor the par value of the bonds so deposited;
and any national banking association now, hav
ing bond* on deposit for the security of circu
lating notes, . and upon which an amount of
circulating notes has been Issued less than the
par value of the bonds, shall be entitled, upon
due application to the Comptroller of the Cur
rency, to receive additional circulating notes
In blank to an amount which will increase the
circulating notes held by such association to
the par value of the bonds deposited, such ad
ditional notes to be held and treated In the
same way as circulating ; notes of national
banking associations, heretofore Issued and sub
ject to all the provisions of law affecting such
notes; provided that nothing herein contained
shall be construed to modify or repeal . the
provisions of section 6167 of the Revised
Statutes of the United States, authorising the
Comptroller of tbe Currency . to require addi
tional deoorfits of bonds or of -lawful money in
case the market value of. bonds held to secure
the circulating notes.* shall fall below. the ¦ par
value of the. circulating .notes outstanding," for
which such bonds, may, b? deposited as security;
and provided, further, 'that the circulating
notes ¦ furnished Ito national - banking associa
tions under-the provisions of this act shall- be
of the denominations prescribed by-law, except
that .no national banking association * shall
after the. passage of this act/be entltied'to re
ceive from the Comptroller of the Currency -or
to issue or reissue or place in circulation more
than . one-third :.ln\ amount of • Its ; circulating
notes. of the denomination of $3; and provided,
further, that .the total; amount of., such: notes
issued to any . such association » may . equal at
any time but shall 'not exceed the amount at
. euch time of its capital stock actually .paid la;
CHOYNSKI
LOSES TO
WALCOTT
Referee Stops the Fight in
the Seventh to Prevent
a Knock-Out
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.-Joe Walcott, the
Barbadoes negro, received & decision over
Joe Choynskl of California in the seventh
round of what was to have been & twenty
five-round bout before the Broadway Ath
letic Clnb to-night. Choynskl was prac
tically outclassed and received very se
vere punishment. Walcott weighed la at
147 pounds and Choynskl at 163. The bet
ting made Choynski a prohibitive favor
ite, odds of 100 to 30 being freely laid on
his chances, but after the first round. In
which Choynski went to the floor five
times, the odds shifted, and at the begin
ning of the second round Walcott wav» a 2
to 1 favorite.
All through the fight Walcott was on the
aggressive. He rushed Choynski, sending
his right to the stomach and left to the
head at will. In the first round Choynski
was floored five times. The first time he
measured his length on the canvas floor
he was hit with a right under the Jaw.
Another hard right in the vicinity of the
solar plexus put him down a second time,
a right cross on the jaw was the cause of
his third fall and a left on the Jaw put
him down for the fourth time. Walcott
was very nimble on his feet and danced
around while Choynski was regaining his
feet. Choynskl came up very groggy after
his fourth knockdown, only to go down
again from a right on the point of the
chin, which sent him flat on his stomach
on the. floor of the ring. It looked as if
Choynski was out for good, but five sec
onds after he went down the bell rang
and ha was helped to his corner.
Walcott forced the fighting in the reo
ond. sending his light to the body and
landing a hard left on the jaw. Chovnakl
replied with a stinging right on the head,
which staggered Walcott to the ropes.
This round was fairly evenly fought, but
Choynski, with his superior reach and
height, failed to land another good blow,
as walcott was always able to <lodee
every lead or return made by the big Call
foTnian.
They rushed to a clinch in the third,
after which Walcott jabbed his left to the
face and' swung the same hand hard to
the body. Choynski tried left and right
for the head, but Walcott got Inside of
them and put both hands to the body, and
in the clinch which followed sent his right
hard over the kidneys.
In the fourth Choynski managed to lan«l
a couple of hard right-handers on the
body, but- the negro sent back lefts and
rights on the body and face, doing par
ticular damage with his left on the sld-5
of the head. The fifth round was all in
Walcott's favor, and in the sixth he cut
Choynski's right eye with a left-hand
swing. •
The Califomian was groggy when he
came up for the seventh round, and after
he received a right on the' wind and two
lefts on the face he staggered in an evi
dently helpless manner. Walcott then
landed left and right on the jaw, forcing
Choynski to the floor. When the latter
regained his . feet > Walcott rushed him.
but was stopped by the referee. Johnny
White, who declared Walcott the winner.
White said afterward that he felt that
another blow would have put Choynski
out. • '
WHITE MAN CURED
OF BUBONIC PLAGUE
Via .Treated With Serum Sent
by Dr. Wyman and Soon Pro
nounced Out of Danger.
Special to Th* Call.
HONOLULU, Feb. 18.— It Is now
ten days since there has been a
case of bubonic plague, or even a
suspicious case in Honolulu or the
island of Oahu, with its large plan
tations employing thousands of As
iatic laborers.
A white man named Hartmann,
in whom the plague germs had de
veloped, was treated with the anti
plague serum forwarded by Dr.
Wyman and has now practically
recovered.
and provided, further, that under regulations
to be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treas
ury any national banking association may
substitute the 2 per centum bonds Issued under
the provisions of this act for any of the bonds
deposited with the Treasurer to secure circu
lation or to secure deposits of public money,
and bo much of an act entitled "An act to en
able national banking associations to extend
their corporate existence and for other pur
poses," approved July 12, 1882. as prohibits any
national bank which makes any deposit of law
ful money in order to withdraw Its circulating
notes from receiving any Increase of Its circu
lation for the period of six months from the
time It made such deposit of lawful money f or
the purpose aforesaid. Is hereby repealed, and
all other acts or parts of acts Inconsistent with
the provisions of this section ax* hereby re
pealed.
Sec. 13. That every national banking associa
tion having on deposit, as provided by law,
bonds of the United States bearing Interest at
the rate of 1 per centum per annum, issued un
der the provisions of this act, to secure its cir
culating notes, shall pay to the Treasurer of
the United States in the months of January and
July a tax of one fourth of 1 per centum each
half year upon the average amount of such
of Its notes In circulation as are .based upon. the
deposit of said 1 per centum bonds; and such
taxes shall be in lieu of existing taxes on Its
notes in circulation Imposed by section 6211 of
the Revised Statutes. . ¦ ... ¦
International Bimetallism.
Sec.' l 4. That the provisions of this act are
not intended to preclude the accomplishment
of International bimetallism whenever, condi
tions shall make it expedient and practicable to
secure the same by concurrent action of the
leading commercial nations of the world and at
a ratio which shall Insure permanence of rela
tive value between Kold and silver.
The title to be known: "An act to define and
fix the standard of value, to maintain the parity
of all forms of money Issued or coined by the
United States, to refund the public debt and 'for
other purposes." ' ¦ :
"Englishmen feel something like pride
In Cronje, even as a foe," says the Dally
News. "In a position covering only a
square mile, hemmed in on all sides, cir
cled with a chain of fire from rifle, Maxim
and howitzer, played on by deadly lyddite,
bursting in its own sickly green light, his
hastily built trenches enfiladed by a
stream of lead sweeping down the river
from the north bank. General Cronje still
elects to fight. It is a magnificent cour
age."
General Cronje's wife is described by.
the prisoners as urging him to surrender
In order to save the lives of his men, but
he would not.
The British cavalry patrols sent by Lord
IN THE BEGINNING OF THE TRANSVAAL WAR PRESIDENT KEUOER OFFERED A REWARD OF 510,000 FOR THE CAPTURE OF' CECIL RHODES.
LATEJR THE EOERS DISCOVERED THAT RHODES WAS SHUT UP IN BESIEGED KIMBERLEY, SO THEY FOUGHT HARD TO CAPTURE THE PLACK
AND THE MAN WHOM THEY BELIEVE TO BE THE CAUSE OF ALL THPJ PRESENT TROUBLE. BY THE RELIEF OF KIMBERLEY THE OTHER' DAY
BY THE BRITISH FORCES RHODES ESCAPED THE BOERS, WHO HAD HIM SURROUNDED. HE IS SAID TO NOW BE IN CAPE TOWN WELL OUT OF
REACH OF PRESIDENT KRUGER. ,J _.
How can you- when 7011 see how it
maikes its presence known by Weak-
ness, Languor, That Tired Feeling,
Boils, Pimples, Scrofula, Eruptions,
Salt Elieum and what not ? Just
now^ when- it causes so much dis-
turbance, is a good time for taking
medicine to get entirely rid of it
Eradicates all Humors, Purifies, Vi-
talizes and Enriches the Blood, Tones
: . the System as Nothing Else OaiL
Buy a Bottle Today, ci. hood & co. LoweH. Mass.
Stops the Coufth and Works Off the Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets cure a cold
in oao day. No cure, no pay. Price Xso^ __
SOCIETY EVENT IN
WOODLAND TO-NIGHT
Gertrude Lillian McConnell to Be
, - Married to I>r. Arthur A. Pinch
of Astoria. '
WOODLAND, Feb. 23.— T0-morrow even
ing Miss Gertrude Lillian, 'the only daugh
ter of Mr.'.ahd.Mrs, J. I. McConnell, and
Dr. Arthur. A. Finch of Astoria will be
married; at the residence of the parents
of the bride in this city. Owing to the
prominence of these two young people this
event has been anticipated by the society
people of Woodland .'With more than or
dinary, interest. •. ¦ •
The bride-to-be is. a . society favorite,
handsome and accomplished and a leading
influential member" of the Native Dangh-
NOLAN TESTIFIES
AGAINST CLARK
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— The Clark
case before the Senate Committee, on
Elections reached an 1 important turning
point to-day." The defense announced the
conclusion "of the presentation of its case
and' the first witness put on by the prose
cution for rebuttal was heard. The wit
ness was Attorney. General Nolan of Mon
tana. It is understood that.he is the, first
of eight or ten witnesses who wui be
called^ in rebuttal. Tlw attorneys of ¦ the
prosecution say they expect to conclude
their presentation early next week. •--?
Attorney General' Nolan's' statement
bore especially upon ¦ the . interviews be
tween" himself , and Witness Lyons. He
asserted that -. Lyons, told, him.. that -he
knew, that the, votes of .the various mem
bers of the ; Legislature had been unduly
Influencfe'd'in Clark's behalf. - ' .-":. .
« Much-of the day was spent In debating 1
the', admissibiltty in* this connection, of
General Nolan's report iof the - proceed
ings of the ? Grand Jury of Lewis ¦ and
Clark County"; of Montana; It i was de
cided to, limit the questions upon it to the
portions of it which had been Drought into
question by, witnesses for the defense.
utes of the United States, shall be the stand
ard unit of value and all forms of money Issued
cr coined hi' the United States shall be main
tained at a parity of value with this standard,
and It shall be the duty of the Secretary of
tbe Treasury to maintain such parity.
Section 2. That United States and treasury
notes Issued under the act of July 14, IS9O, when
presented to the treasury for redemption, shall
be redeemed in gold coin of the standard fixed
in the first section of this act. and In order to
secure the prompt and certain redemption of
such notes as herein provided It shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to set
apart in the treasury a reserve fund of $150,
000,000 In gold coin and bullion, which fund
shall be used for such redemption purposes
only, and whenever and as often as any of
said notes shall be redeemed from eaid.fund
it snail be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to use said notes so redeemed to re
store and maintain such reserve fund • In the
manner following, to wit:
To Maintain th© Reserve.
First, by exchanging the notes so redeemed
for any gold coin in the general fund of the
Treasury; second, by accepting deposits of gold
coin at the treasury or at 'any sub-treasury in
exchance for the United States notes so re
deemed; third, by procuring gold coin by the
use of said notes In accordance with the pro
vision of section 3700 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States. If the Secretary of the
Treasury, is unable to. restore .and maintain
the *old coin in the reserve fund by the fore
going methods, and the amount of such gold
coin and bullion In nald fund Khali at any time
fall below J100.000.0W, then it/shall be his duty
to restore the same to the maximum sum of
$150,000,0"0 by borrowing money on the credit
of the United States, and for the debt thus
incurred .to issue and sell coupon or reslsttred
bonds of "the United States In such form as he
may prescribe in denominations ,of $50 or any
multiple thereof, bearing interest' at ' the rate
not exceeding i per cent per annum, payable
quarterly such bonds to be payable at the
pleasure of the United States after one year
from the date of their Issue and to be payable,
principal and Interest, In gold coin of the pres
ent standard value and to be exempt "from the
payment of all taxes or duties of the United
States as well as from taxation in any form
by or under State, municipal or local authority,
and the gold coin received from the sale of said
bonds shall first be covered Into the general
fund of the treasury and then exchanged in
thdmanner hereinbefore provided for an equal
amount of the notes redeemed and held for
exchange; and the Secretary of the Treasury
may, in his discretion, use said notes in ex
change for (told or to purchase or redeem any
bonds of the United States or for any other
lawful purpose the public Interests may re
quire except that they shall not be used to
meet deficiencies in the current revenues: that
United States notes, when redeemed In accord
ance with the provisions of this section, . shall
not be reissued, but shall be held in the reserve
fund until exchanged for gold, as herein pro
vided* and the gold coin and' bullion In the
reserve fund, together with the redeemed notes
held for use as provided In this section, shall
at no time exceed the maximum sum of $150,
000 000.
Section ». That nothing contained in this act
shall be construed to affect the legal tender
quality as now provided ;by law of the • sil
ver dollar or- of any other money .coined or
lksued by the ' United States.
New Treasury Divisions.
Eectlon 4. That there be established " In the
1 Treasury Department as a part of the offlce
of Treasurer of the United States divisions
to be designated .and . known as the division
of Issue and the division . of redemption, to
which phall be assigned, respectively, under
euch regulations as. the Secretary of the Treas
ury- may • approre, all ¦ records and " accounts
relating to the issue and redemption -of United
Ftau-s notes, told - certificates, silver certifi
cates and currency, certificates. There shall
be transferred from the- accounts of the ! gen
eral fund of the treasury of the .United States
and taken upon the books -of said divisions,
respectively, accounts relating to the reserve
fund for Dae redemption of. United States and.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— The Re
publican members of the con
ference committee on the finan
cial bill reached an agreement
to-day. The Democratic j con
ferees were called in and stated their op
position to the bill and without further
formality the bill was ordered reported.
Tbe text of the bill as agreed upon, as it
•will be reported by the conferees and as
it probably -will become a law is as-fol
lows: ¦ v-.-'
Thai the dollar eonslstlnr of twenty-flve and
eipbt-tenths grains of gold nine-tenths fine,
eslablishf-d by section ffill of the Revised Stat-
WEAK AND
PALE WOMEN
Women Who Suffer and Are
Greatly Run Down In
Health
FIND THAT "HUDYAN" RELIEVES
AND CURES THEM.
It la Mton!«nin« how quickly woman la
robb<»d of her good look*, her hopes. Joyi and
ambitions, by those diseases that are peculiar
to her «ex. Women lose all Interest In life,
life becomes In many cases a burden, through
those special weaknesses and disorders of th«
delicate organism. In the past hsif-c«ntury
this class of diseases haa been on the Increase,
for the- nature of femsJe disorders wai not so
thoroughly understood as now. •
When the wonderful curative properties of
Hudyan were discovered, this great remedy
was at once applied to cases of this nature.
The result was almost maslcal. Women who
were run down and weak, as a result of suf-
fering and distress, were quickly restored to
perfect health and strength. Since the discov-
ery of HUDYAN. thousands of weak and suf-
fering women have been cured by means of this
that HTTDTAN Is a frisnd Indeed, for invart-
Ibty It restoVei to them the glow of health.
HUDTAN Is superior to any other remedy for
«udu!nß or allaying nervousness, exhaustion,
excitability, neuralgia, hysteria, tendency to
faint and other distrain* symptoms that at-
tend weaknesses and diseases of the female or-
ganism? Irregular -menses, weakness pam la
hark are auickly overcome by hldta.n.
mir>YAN is also the best appetizer, restora-
tend direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sta.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
+-^ .. "?¦ Consult free th<»
CONSULT j H «dya» Doctor C.H
j. ?oe write to them. -
Republican Conferees Agree Upon the
Measure and Order That It Be Re
ported to Senate and House.
CURRENCY BILL AS IT
WILL BECOME A LAW
ters. In which order she has held many
Important and responsible positions. .
Dr. Finch is a native of San Franclsr i
and a graduate of a San Francisco meM
cal college. After spending about a year
in Woodland he located in Astoria, whcra
in the short space of three years ha hi*
risen so rapidly in his profession that h«
is njy in the front rank of tha physicians
oi mat city.
Rev. Edwin Johnson of L*keport will
officiate. Miss Marie Freeman, daughter
of John B. Freeman of Churchill County.
Nevada, will be maid of honor. The
bridesmaids will be Miss Mattle Fisher of
Bakersneld and Mies Ethel Caldwell of
Gilroy. Dr. Finch will be attended by
C F. Heywood of San Francisco.
After the ceremony there will b© a re
ception from 8 to 10 o'clock. On Monday
Dr. and Mrs. Finch will go to Ban Fran
cisco and sail for Astoria on the first
steamer.
•|- ON"DOJC. Fe&. 24. 4:15 a. m.— Mr. Bal-
I four announced in the House of
) Commons at half -past 12 this morn
| j ing that no further news regarding
J "~* General Cronjo had been received
by Hie Government. He had sent to the
War Offlce during the hour and he assert
ed that nothtag had come to hand there.
Genera! Cronje, therefore, is presumably
Ftlll unbeaten. No other construction is
I placed upon the three days' eilence of
3*>rd Roberts. Tet no one sees how it
is humanly possible, Judging from the
<icscriptlona of his situation "Wednesday
jnornisg, for *<re to resist so long. Great
Britain does not withhold admiration for
the valor of a losing fight against such
odds.
Methuen, north of Kimberley, discovered
the Boers concentrating, whether for of
fensive or defensive purposes is simply
conjecture.
The Boers seem to be retiring from Gen
eral Gatacre's front at Sterkstroom in or
der to reinforce the Free Staters.
Ladysmith had not been relieved when
the latest news left Natal two days, ago.
The Boers had then retired half way be
tween Ladysmith and Colenso. If -only
6000 went to the Free State, as both the
Boer and the British accounts assert,' the
12,000 who are left may purpose to main
tain the siege and to resist General Bul
ler within contracted lines, although the
Impression at (leneral Buller's headquar-
—New York Herald.
JOHN BULL— I Guess I'll Claim the Reward.
ters la that the Boers are merely cover
ing a retreat
The editorials in the morning papers
complain more or • less vigorously of the
insufficiency of the Government's naval
proposals, specially In view of the im
mense naval efforts of Germany and other
powers. The Conservative Standard says:
"Perhaps this Is because the British
navy is .considered strong enough for its
work, but the nation will ask for full
assurance on that point."
The Dally Mall says: "The proposals
are so. Inadequate that we cannot but ex-,
press the deepest surprise that the Ad
miralty board can be persuaded to accept
them." .'* -
SILENCE OF ROBERTS SHOWS
THAT CRONJE IS UNBEATEN
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRTTARV 24, 1900.
THIS
IS THE DAY
Of the Grand Clearance Sale at
CASH STORE
Th* original reliable aad largest mall order
house. «BK3ti
25-27 Market St., Dear Us Ferry.
2Backache and Womb
Troubles Succumb to
Lydia Em Pinkham's Vego-
table Compoundm
VI have been for ten years , an in-
valid with female weakness, and the
torture and pain I suffered no tongue
can tell. I never spent one week in
the ten years that 1 was free from
pain. My trouble was. inflammation
and congestion of tho womb. When I
commenced to take your remedy I had
been bedfast for some time under the
treatment of two of the best physi-
cians in Illinois without receiving any
benefit. Ycu can imagine the benefit I
derivedfromLydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound when I tell you that I
have gained forty pounds and am well
— a thing I never dared to expect." —
Mrs. C. E. Foland, Monett, Mo.
"For a number of years I was
troubled with .backache and leucor-
rhoea/ I became so weak and miser-
able that I could not attend to my
work or studies. The least effort
would completely exhaust me. Physi-
cians f ailcl to help me. I felt that my
youth was blighted, and the life before
me would ibe one of suffering; and
misery. .Then a friend insisted on me
taking 1 your medicine. Before I had
used one bottle I was greatly relieved.
I had. not known a well day for four,
years, but now I feel better than I have
since a child, and it is all due to Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Comuonnd. ?—
Miss May B. Stevenson, Alliance, 0.
and officered in the main by colonial offi
cers, has caused the greatest satisfaction
everywhere in Cape Colony. From the
very first there had been frequent com
plaints from the English population in tho
colony that they had been set back and
that no sufficient use had been made of
their readiness to serve in the defense of
their country. Full of self-sufficiency and
professional pride, the majority of our
officers displayed the supremest con
fidence in the capacity of the British to do
anything and everything, and the suprem
est belief that volunteers or civilians
could not do anything but get in
the way. Colonial advice was, as a
rule, contemptuously neglected and the
offers made by prominent colonials to
raise local forces met at first with the
greatest indifference, almost with hostil
ity." Trained by experience of many Kaffir
wars, the English borderer is in every
way the equal of tho Boer at his own
game, and adds to the Boer's skill and
watchfulness a dash and gallantry which
the latter rarely possesses." •
From Buller's forward lines, Bennett
Burleigh writes to the Daily Telegraph in
an equally outspoken way:
"As for cannon," he says, "it is little
short of a scandal after the lead the Sir
dar gave the Woolwich people with lyd
dite and machine guns, although the lat
ter did not get to the front in the Soudan,
that the army artillery with Buller only
comprises the fifteen-pounders and one
flve-inch howitzer battery."
Winston Churchill, in the Morning Post,
also has his fling. Writing from Spear
mans Hill, he declares "the vast amount
of baggage this army takes with It on
the march hampers its movements and ut
terly precludes all possibility of surpris
ing the enemy. I have never before seen
officers accommodated with tents on ser
vice. But here every private has canvas
shelter and the other arrangements ere
on an equally elaborate scale. The con
sequence is that marching troops are de
layed while the enemy completes his for
.tiflcations. It is poor economy to let a
soldier live well for three days at the
price of killing him on the fourth."
» .
FREE STATERS MAY
MOVE GOVERNMENT
LOURENZO MARQUES," Delagoa Bay,
Feb. 22.— The Transvaal Government is
reported to be seriously alarmed at the de
feat of the Bo«rs at Klmberley and the re
treat of the famous General Cronje.
The newspapers, axe most, reticent, but
the Standard and Diggers' News claimed
that General Cronje's movement is bene
ficial as "It increases the mobility of the
burghers' army, enabling it to conduct
rictlras of Intemperance. Mrs. Hawkins for year*
•u&ered the erief and anguish 6hared by bo many
true and faithful women of America to-day, who
have drink-afflicted fathers, husbands or sons, fcbe
determined to overcome tfcis fearful evil if possible.
Her search for a harmless, perfect and secret home
cure was at last rewarded when an old friend cam*
to ber and gave her a remedy which had never beem
knowntofa.il. Mrs. Hawkins pave the remedy sec-
retl y and in a few weefcs, to her fnr^ at joy sher5 her dearest
relati ve entirely cur ed of his appetn c for drink
and -A-as atraia restoned to health and manhood.
After this v.-oaderful result, Mrc Hawkins de-
cided to devote her life to the work of helping her
6isterserer>' w 'h«e,whom she found fufleriaff as she
bad suffered from the cCects of alcoliol npou a hus-
band, father or son. With the a&sisu^ce of others
the perfected the original treatment and novr
offers to send this treatment free to any distressed
wile, mother or 6ister who will write for It. Mrs.
nankins has means of her own and no charge
whatever is made for the treatment, because her
ereat desire is that every woman who needs this I
medicine will tvritc at coce to ber^ and get it.
A. Gmtdul Woman.
SIRS. MAY IIAWriNS, Gr«nd Bapidt. Mleh. —
Mf Dear J-'riead:— You hara been the icf*n» of bring-
lag xanjt'.-.ne into ay bom«. Last Acguet X got tout
r»saodjr end betzan cirisg It to mr tncbann, md from
that ti:ao until the prenent he bn» not taken a oxtmal
any kind of alcoholic drink*. I cencot ujr too much lot
what roar roosdrhaa dono for mo ana I tire* it &• *
helper to any mot her. ri«tr or wlte vrho unall rpwl,lt.
Voum sincerely ?, 31E8.i1. A. T.ASia.
East Hampton, li*.. Fob. It. 1B».« . s
Thousands have sared their braes and Jared
oaesbythUremedy and you can beamang-tbenaai-
ber if yoci only wish it. Mrs. Hawkins treatsevery
letter she reodves eacrr-dly confidential and you
need have no hesitancy whatever in writinfir ber for
assistance. Do not delay;write her today. Address
Mrs. May ttcwklns, Bex 128 Grand Rapids, Mich.
ADVEBTTSEMENTB.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
more effective operations on a carefully
prepared plan." There are persistent re
ports that the seat of the Free State Gov
ernment is being moved to Wyndburg. It
is said that GOOO burghers have been sent
from Ladysmith to Bloemfonteln.
COVERING RETREAT
OF JOUBERT'S ARMY
COLENSO, Natal, Feb. 21 (via Chieve
ley, Feb. 22.)— The British have crossed
tho Tugela over a pontoon near North
Hlanwanga and Fort Wylle. While the
naval brigade was bombarding Grobler's
Klodp, the Boers' big Creusot replied
yesterday. After the occupation of
Colenso a small party of Thorneycrof t's
Horse crossed the river, but were driven
back by fire from the tranches.
The Boer guns are still shelling the re
lieving force from the hills south of Lady
smith, but the impression is spreading
that they are merely covering the retreat
of the entire Boer force. General Buller's
casualties Tuesday, February 20, and
Wednesday, February 21, were:
Killed— Captain Crealock and Lieuten
ants Keith-Falconer and Parry of tho
Somersetshire Light Infantry and nine
men.
Wounded— Six officers and ninety-seven
men.
Missing— Five men.
BOERS DRIVEN OUT
FROM THE HILLS
ARUNDEL, Thursday evening, Feb.
22.— Colonel Henderson's squadron of the
Inniskilllngs. with two guns, reconnoiter
ed" westward to Mooifontein farm on the
direct road to Colesberg and Hanover.
They got close to the Boers in the hills
and were flred on. They quickly got their
guns in position and shelled the hills.'
Eventually the Boers were driven out,
retiring northward, when they came un
der the fire of two other guns, supported
by a company of Australians near the
British western post on Dragon Hill.
Colonel Henderson proceeded to Moolfon
tein farm, which he now occupies. The
British patrols from Hanover also came
out that far. I The Boers are not in great
force. They have been persistently ; fol
lowed all day and have withdrawn a con
siderable distance northward.
SPLENDID GALLANTRY
OF MOUNTED TROOPS
waems?/' ¦-.•-- - : '«jai«namgffiwgarwwae
LONDON, Feb. 24.— The Dally Tele
graph's correspondent at Kimberley, in a
dispatch dated Thursday. Bays: I have
had a chat with Cecil Rhodes, who de
clares that not half enough has been made
of. the splendid gallantry of the mounted
troops, mostly, local . men, ¦In tho numer
ous , ensraerements fought during the In
vestment. Many of the men, he tells me.,
had never used the ' bayonet before and
did not . know how to' fix one. Yet, In
storminr the Boer redoubts on November
25 and 28. • they srallan tly charged v »> . th -
ridges, holding the rifle In one hand and
the bayonet in the other."
I AFTEJR. THE BATTLE— GATHERING UP THE DEAD AND WOUNDED.
(From a 6ketch by Lester Ralph, special artist In Black and White.)
[ AT MAGERSFONTEIN AS SOON AS THE "CEASE FIRING" WAS SOUNDED THE AMBULANCE CORPS WENT OUT WITH WAGONS AND STRETCHERS TO GATHER UP THE DEAD
AND WOUNDED. AS IT WAS NEAR THEIR POSITION THE CAUTIOUS BOERS, WHO HELD THE FIELD. REQUIRED THE BRITISH STRETCHER-BEARERS TO BE BLINDFOLDED AND
" THEN LED THEM ABOUT IN THE PERFORMANCE OF THEIR SAD DUTY.
PRETORIA, Wednesday,
Feb. 21. — The following
official war bulletin has
been issued here:
"A report was received this
morning of cannon fire west of
Colesberg. At Petrusburg can
non firing commenced at 6 in the
morning. A big fight was ex
pected to-day. De Wett tele-
aILL oA-lY GA.L.L, bAI Uiti)^x, ju iuliiiUAlll * 24, 1900.
Barnacles on Ocean Cables.
The raeent In v#«tlc*tlona for cable- Jaylnr la
th» Pacific Ocean hay» revealed the Interest
ing- fact that. It not upon rock bottom, they
gradually become Incruatad with 'barnacles and
•ea weed*, heavy enough to break them. This
la ilk* dyspepsia, which. M It; I»< not checked,
crows until It break* ¦. down the health.
Hostetter** Stomach Blttei» wltl prevent aa
well as con Indirection, dyspepsia. : bfllona
nesa, liver and kidney trouble*. It loakes weak
stomachs strong. .All druggists sell it.
Facts About Two , Cases
of Falling of the Womb
Recovered by Lydia Em
Pinkham's Vegetable
Compoundm
" I suffered for fifteen years without
finding any relief. I tried doctors, but
nothing seemed to do me any good. I
had falling of the womb, leucorrhoea,
pain in the back and head, and those
bearing-down pains. One bottle of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound did me so much good that I sent
for four more, also two boxes of Liver
Pills and one package of Sanative
Wash. After using these I felt like a
new woman." — MrsJ Q. A. Winter,
Glidden, la., Box 220.
" I was suffering with falling of the
womb, painful menstruation, head-
ache, backache, pain in groins, ex-
tending into the limbs; also a terrible
pain at left womb. , The pain in my
back was dreadful during menstrua-
tion, and my head would ache until I
would be nearly crazy. Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound has
given me great relief. I suffer no
pain now, and I give your medicine
all the praise. w — Mrs. J. P. McSpad-
den, Rosenberg, Tex.
Ovarian Troubles Always
Yield to Lydia Em Pink,
ham's Vegetable Com-
poundm
" I had been in poor health for
twenty years, having inflammation of
ovaries and womb trouble. Although
treated by physicians, I could not gain
strength nor do my work, and was so
low-spirited and tired of life. A friend
advised me to ?ake Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. The first
bottle strengthened me, and I wrote
to you. After taking six bottles can
say that I am well and can even do
washing."— Mrs. M. W. Miller, No.
1033 Canal Street, New Orleans, La.
"For three years I suffered with
ovarian trouble, having inflammation
and an abscess on right ovary. Had
such pain in my back and head, and at
times was unable to walk, nad sev-
eral doctors, but they, did not do mo
n'ich good. One doctor said that I
would have to have an operation and
have the ovary removed. I became
discouraged. and gave up all hopes of
getting well. I began taking Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable ¦ Compound.
I wrote to Mrs. Pinkham and followed
her directions faithfully, and am bet-
ter than I have been for three years.
I have taken ten bottles, and my
friends are surprised at my rapid im-
provement,"— Mrs. VV. 11. waiter*,
Cold Spring Harbor, L. I. N. Y.
4 Anr true woman mig-ht well be proud to hare
caved one poor soul from the shackles of drink, but
M re .Ha wkin s has redeemed thousands by ber noble
asd practical work amcog those who cave beea
A Trial Package of Her Marvelous
Home Treatment F R E E for the asking.
If you wefe offered sure aid in time of trouble, would you put it aside
and accept something of doubtful efficiency?
If you saw before you a strong and safe bridge leading to your goal,
would you ignore it to try some insecure and tottering structure?
The answers to these questions are plain. You would, of course, choose
without hesitation what all evidence showed to be, the* safe thing, and yon
would risk nothing in useless experiments.
Why then do some women risk one of their
ntost precious possessions— their health— in trying
medicines of unknown value, which may even
prove hurtful to them 9 . .¦
Lydia Em Pinkham f s Vegetable Compound has
stood the test. of yearsm It has the largest sale of
any remedy for female ills In the world, and
nothing could have given it this sale except its
ov/n merit.
Do not try experiments, buy what is known to be reliable. Mrs. Pink-
ham's Compound can do all that is claimed for it, and all statements in
regard to it can be easily verified. For instance — Here are six letters which
prove our claims.
O&RED
Mrs. May Hawkins Will Help Every
Woman Save a Drunkard.
LOOKING INTO THE
SEIZURE OF THE SABINE
LONDON, Feb. 23.— The Inquiries of the
United States Embassador, Joseph H.
Choate, on the subject of the seizure of
the British steamer Sablne, from New
York January 4, with a miscellaneous
cargo, which was captured by the British
gunboat Thrush and taken to Delagoa
Bay, have elicited the statement that
nothing Is known there except the facts
contained In the dispatch announcing the
release of the steamer. Pending the re
ceipt of official reports by the Foreign
Office nothing will be done in the matter.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— A good deal
of doubt surrounds the circumstances con
nected with the seizure of the British
ship Sablne. and while the action of the
State Department in Instructing Mr.
Choate to look into the matter and to
deplore such interference with commerce
was Inspired by a desire to avoid any
criticism for lack of diligence. It appears
that some points about the seizure are so
obscure as to make It questionable at
least whether or not there is yet sufficient
ground for protest. In fact, there is some
doubt as to the actual seizure, and sin
gularly enough the British Government it
self has not been informed of the event.
It Is seeking Information as to the details,
and when these are ascertained the an
swer will be made to Mr. Choate. The
State Department In this case has no
direct Information, relying on the state
ment of Peabody & Co. of New York that
their goods to the value of $30,000 had been
seized on the Sabine, according to report.
There is no certainty that any American
goods were seized, the original telegraphic
statement being that the vessel had been
eelzed and towed into Port Elizabeth to
be searched for contraband goods. But
the basis of the department's objection to
a seizure of this kind lies in the fact that
as the Sablne was bound for a British
port she might have been allowed to pro
ceed without interference to her destina
tion and there have been examined. v
WAR CORRESPONDENTS
MAKE SHARP CRITICISMS
. Correspondence of th« Associated Presa.
LONDON, Feb. 14.— The last mails from
South Africa brought a bountiful supply
of dramatic accounts of the war. From
Ladysmith, the Tugela, Modder River,
Re*nsberg and Maf eking come thrilling epi
sodes and deeds of daring that make the
English Justly proud of the men who are
fighting their battles on the veldt. More
over, in the many published columns there
are minute explanations furnished by war
correspondents that help to take away the
sting of defeat, though these writers do
not hesitate to criticize bluntly when oc
casion demands. For Instance, the Cape
Town correspondent of the Times scath
ingly rebukes the Insular prejudice of
many British officers.
"The news of Lord ' Roberts' decision to
create an Independent colonial division,"
he writes, "under command of General
Brabant, an experienced colonial soldier,
FIERCE FIGHTING ON THE TUGELA.
[From London Sketch.]
ON THE EVACUATION* OF HL.ANGWANA HILL, BY THE BOERS ON
TUESDAY LAST IT WAS IMMEDIATELY OCCUPIED BY THE BRITISH
WITH THEIR 4.7-INCH NAVAL GUNS. UNDER THE COVER OF WHOSE
FIRE GENERAL FITZROY HARTS BRIGADE EFFECTED THE CROSS
ING OF THE TUGELA AT COLENSO.
graphed yesterday from Petrus
burg that all was quiet except
several cannon shots and small
skirmishes. Yesterday evening
the British stormed the Federal
positions. as far as Chauser, but
were driven back. A message
from Cronje is to the effect that
his loss yesterday was. fourteen
dead and wounded.
lay siege to the Boer laager with
the fighting general. We were
surrounded by 2500 British, five
miles from the chief laager. At
night we cut our way through
with the loss of seven dead and
sixteen wounded. The loss to
the British was heavy.
"Yesterday we cut our way
through to reach De Wett, who
was in the neighborhood. Fifty
three prisoners formerly taken
have been forwarded.
"It is reported that the BritisH
were continually attacking Koo
dosrand yesterday with infantry
and Lancers, but that they were
"De Wett's losses will be nil.
Commandant Frononian reports
that from February 15 to Febru
ary 20 he was almost surround
ed by the British at the Modder
River, when with a small num
ber of men he broke through.'
"On Sunday there was a heavy
fight. The British prepared to
SURROUNDED BOERS CUT THROUGH THE BRITISH LINES
3HANDBALL VOTARIES.
The principal contest at San Francisco
handball court ¦ to-morrow will •; be be
tween M. J. Kilgallon and J.; Collins and
J. Harlow and, T. White.. The : other
matches arranged are: .
W. Cunningham and M. Klrby vs. -T. Poley
and E. Barry: J. J.- Can^van and 'A. • White
man vs. G. B. Hay ward and E. .G.
Smith and J. Condon. vs. A. McVicker and.T.
I-earh; It. Lonfca bach and 'E. J. Murphy .vs.
11. J. RoEors and R. Rerfi; T.Serres and W.
"Walsh, vs. J. Broyer and A. -Cereghino; D.
Rodßers and P. McKlnnon vs. M. McNeil and
O. McDonald; E. Toy and R. Hausman vs.
W. Magulre and E. Curley. ¦
•+.>+++¦? l^M ?»?'?? M H H ??
* '.'For :the Honor of the Fam- +
X ily," by Patricia y Dillon— &¦ +.
hk complete ' short story-—in next' +
¦^ Sunday's Call, and a "good one, .^
T> tOO. . ..;.'; +
Ing below the average. Theexceptlon to
the rule was the sport enjoyed by the Ala
meda clubmen on the Sonoma County
marsh. The canvasbacks'. and the blue
bills all gathered in numbers -there and
afforded fine shooting. There, was only
one month of good sport in tho vicinity of
Alvarado, tho remainder of tho season be
ing below the average.
The preserves will be well patronized
to-day and to-morrow, . although . the
chances for good sport are slight, owing
to weather conditions. Many of the gun
men will go to their shooting boxes to put
their perishable effects away to await the
coming of, another season. Tho directors
of Olympic Gun Club threw their preserve
open to members all this- week, . not re
stricting ,then> to the customary three
days" shooting which prevailed through
out the season. H. L. Miller . was high
gun last Sunday, bagging twenty-seven
ducks. L. H.Harpham secured 20. C. H.
fehinkol 10 and S. P. Brown 9.
W. .R. Larzalere and J. 11. Burfeind of
Spooney Gun Club made a joint' bag of,
twenty ducks last Sunday. No birds were
Hying, the weather conditions being
against good sport. » Nine men of the Pas
time Club secured sixty birds. '¦ r
George ' Franzen, . who . was sculling near
Mount EaenJ- killed forty., - '¦ ¦ ¦
Hightmeler. brothers killed twenty,
McDonald twenty-five and Joe, Bickerstaff
fifteen. ¦ - - -,
The trap-shooting season has . been in
augurated by the Lincoln Gun Club and
many of the field 'shots will now devote
their ability- with the shotgun to smash-
Ing clay disks. From present indications
tne .[ngleslde grounds of San Francisco
Trap-shooting Association -will be the
scene of the greater part of the shooting,
a number of prominent clubs having J ar
ranged to ; promote all their tournaments
there. Special ; events will be held April
29. July 29, September" '9 and 30. The
grounds ' will be open 'to gun r. men > for
practice -.throughout the ' season. Blue-
Jacksand pigeons will be supplied at rates
which will encourage their use. The
grounds will bo conducted with a view to
is' ln good condition and, is expected to .
whelp shortly to Wideawake Aristocrat,
to which she was bred some time before
being shipped.
Fred Bushnell has been elected to mem
bership in the San Francisco Kennel Club.
E. P. Dunn of Santa Barbara and J. H.
Mullins, the -well-known dog breeder of
Brooklyn, N. V., have' both promised :
handsome cups for the show, and Mr. ;
Mullins will oend out his erreat prize win
ner, the noted- Dimboola King, to compete
with the local beauties. - .
H. D. Laidlaw has been engaged to as
sist Dave Sinclair as assistant clerk.
George Richards, the noted handler of
field dogs, died at West Point, Miss., of
pneumonia on Thursday. The Verona
Kennels' dogs, which he was ' handling,
will be sent here at once and will be en
tered in, the forthcoming show.
was clear, but of such volume tho fish
could go where they pleased and were not
confined to the pools. Fish were seen
to breach, or break the water, repeatedly.
Before Sunday's rain put a stop to tho
fishing Colonel Kelihor secured an eight
pound steelhead and a nine-pound striped
bass. • .
In trolling the fishermen . caught three
or four black bass, which .they returned
to the stream, this being the close season.
Their presence explodes the theory that
these fish hibernate here as they. do .in
Eastern waters, where it is extremely cold
In winter. .. . . :. ;. '',.'v...;
Tom Irving reports having seen ' a
school of striped bass near White House
Pool, in the vicinity of Point Reyes..
. W. A. Cooper, one of the most regular
followers . of angling, caught two gooa
slzed striped bass near Point Reyes some
days since.
Captain G. H. Lampson. superintendent
of ..the United States Hatchery at Band,
on'the McCloud River, has been conduct
ing some interesting experiments lately.
In company. twith .Lee Dunning ho .has
been taking trout with the fly from the
pool below the hatchery for the purpos* of
scientific research. The first week after
liberating tho winter's batch of young
salmon every trout killed had some salmon
in its stomach. During tho second week
none. of the trout had salmon,. indicating
that the latter had been able to escape
when their strength came to them. From
present indications the fishing will be good
in the McCloud this year.
The California State -Fish Commission
will open its spawning station on Shovel
Creek, near Beswick, in SUkiyou County,
on March 1.., The commission has main
tained . a close watch on the fish ladder
on the dam at Klamathon. This has en
abled the trout toipas3 over the dam- to
the station without molestation. It- is
hoped to obtain the old take of eggs, a
million or more, which . was customary
until the last two years, when the stream
was low. The commission will operate
at Lake Tahoe, as usual, men going in
early In March.
The members of the San Francisco Fly
casting. Club will meet at Stow Lake,
Golden Gate Park, again this afternoon
and to-morrow morning. -The members
out last Saturday shewed great pro
ficiency, having apparently taken Judi
cious exercise during the winter 'months.
The Chicago Fly-casting Club willhold
a world's tournament in August. There Is
some talk of sending a team on from here.
DOG SHOW JOTTINGS.
It Is seldom the selection of a Judge for
the bench show arouses as much satisfac
tion as has the appointment of James
Mortimer of New York. There haa not
been a discordant note in the chorus of
approval at the choice of the* bench show
committee of the San Francisco Kennel
Club. The members deliberated long be
fore making their final decision, and when
the matter came to the vote It proved to
be a unanimous one. Messrs. Hickman,
Kittle, Greenbaum and Norman aro tho
members who have solved the question of
judge so satisfactorily to all the fanciers.
Several new classes will be opened In the
premium list this year, among them being
Chow-chows, Eskimo and Maltese terriers.
A novel attraction this year will be trick
dog competitions, for which several
classes have been opened. An auction
sale will take place on the last night of
the show. -<
Mrs. Bruner has received from Alaska
a fine pair of Eskimo dogs and a litter of
puppies, all of which will be exhibited at
the spring show. ' .
Mr. Sesnon has received from the Moun
taineer Kennels the beautiful collie Moun
taineer Fannie, by Laurel Laddie. She
DUCK SHOOTING
SEASON COMES
TO A CLOSE
lt Will Be Against the Law to
KM'-the Birds After
To-Morrow.
The. open season. In which It Is lawful
to kill ducks and other feathered game,
ends to-morrow. Tho devotees of shoot-
Ing have not had a good season, the sport
at tho majority of the club preserves be-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1900.
TO BOX IN WAT SONVILLE.
The twenty-round fight 'between Selna
and Clark, under the auspices of the Wat
sonvllle Athletic Club, will take place to
night In "Watsonville-
WHEELMEN ENTERTAIN.
The California Cycljng Club will hold Its
last social of the season next Tuesday
evening. February 27. at tho clubrooms,
Folsom and Twenty-second streets. The
committee expects this affair will surpass
all previous events of tt% kind that 'the
club has held.
Tho first anmiaJ flfty-mllo relay race
has completely braced me up. I am Just
as vigorous as when. a boy and you can-
not realize how happy I am." :
i .«' D . ear^ Sir: Your .method worked beau-"
tlfully. Results were exactly what I need-
ed. Strength and vigor have completely
fsfacT " nd enlarsement l 3 entirely sat-
"Dear Sir: Tours, was. received and ]
had no trouble In making- use of thVre-
fr el & t » aS K d!reCtedial ? d can truthfully sa^
it is a boon to weak men. I am greatlS
Improved In size, strength and vigSr.'^ *
Hal m.°JiST nd MCcM Ccl ', strictly conflden- ;
™h\£* al Iled1 led J n P l^ lll sealed envelope. Th«
receipt Is free for the asking and b.«
wants every man to ha,v» U*" 06 * *° a n «
How any man may quickly cure himself
after years of suffering from sexual weak-
ness, lost. vitality, nightly losses, varico-
cele. etc., and enlarge small weak organs
to full. size and vigor.- Simply send your
name and. address to Dr. L. W. Knapp,
1373 Hullßldg., Detroit; Mich., and he will
gladly eend the free receipt. with full«dl-
rectiors so that any man may easily, cure
himself at home: This Is certainly a most
generous offer, and the following extracts
taken from his daily mall show what men
think, of hia generosity: . :
"Dear Sir: > Please-, accept my sincere
thanks for yours: of .recent date. I have
given your treatment a* thorough test and
tha benefit has been extraordinary. It
Pears'
:\ Its least virtue is
that it lasts' so.
Soap is for comfort; ;
the clean are comfort-
able.
A Defaulting Clerk.
John Bell, cjerk In. John Carouse ' lodg
ios-house. 156 Third street, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Ryan and ODea
on a charge of embezzling $17 60 belonging
to his employer. It is alleged that he has
been doing the same thing for some
time, out hip employer always gave him
another chance until his patience became
exhausted. Bell eald he lost the money in
the poolrooms.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
This afternoon, the. Vampires .will play a
match against the-. visiting "association
football team - from -Keswlck, Shasta
County, ori tho Presidio Athletic ground.
The kick-off will be at 3:15 p.. m.",;and:the
line-up of i the two teams as follows:
Vampires. ¦ Positions. . - , Keswlcks.
C. P. Coles Goalkeeper , Roberts
O'Rourke:..... Back Donald
R0bert50n......:;..... Back ........ ::v.V.Connolljr
McGaw Halfback ..'.. .Bridge
DuKff an....... ...... Halfback -....Rose
Williamson Halfback ...;..,.. .Campbell
Chambers Forward .'Wyrjdham
Holland...'.". .:, Forward .."....:. .¦..'. Peacock
White..""..: :... Cen^r .......... ......Mudd
Macderroid. ........ Forward ....'.".r.G.'T. Coles
Ca5idy . .*. : . : : .. ..;..: .' Forward ".C. .'. . . :. .'.'.¦; Jenkins
On' Washington's birthday the Keswlck
eleven played -against a strong Oakland
team . on .the; Presidio athletic ground, .. J.
D. Robertson -of - the -Vampires- officiating
as umpire. .Tha Keswlcks lost by a score
of 0 to 4, the Oaklanders scoring two goals
In each half. 'Another goal • made from a
free kick in the first half was disallowed
by the ""'p'™ 'SgilfpyieglMSWHa •
will begin on the Presidio links. The San
Francisco team will be captained by Miss
A. C. Hoffman and will include Mrs. R. G.
Brown, Miss Maud Mullins and Miss Mary
Scott; the Oakland eight will be captained
by Miss Alice Moffitt. The second hall' of
the match will be played on the Oakland
links next Saturday. A cup has been pro
vided by the two clubs. and its possession
will be decided by the two matches..
The qualifying round over thirty-six
holes, medal play, of the competition for
the men's amateur championship of South
ern California was held on the links of the
Los Angeles Country Club on Thursday.
The following were the entries: C. E. Maud
of the Riverside Polo and Golf Club. C. E.
Orr of the Pasadena Country Club,. ll. T.
Hays of the Rubidoux Golf Cub, W. 11.
Young of Duarte, J. H. Brown of the
Hemet Golf Club. Walter Cosby, F.; B.
Tufts. J. F. Sartorl. Hugh May, E. D. Si
lent, R. J. C. Wood; A. W. Bumiller, R.
H. Hay-Chapman. J. H. Nichol. H. G.
Wilshlre, V. F. Wilshire and A.
F: -Morlan. The eight lowest scor
ers qualified and played in the first
round of the championship contest over
eighteen ¦ holes, match play, yesterday
morning, the four winncrß entered tho
second or cemi-flnal round yesterday aft
ernoon, and the final r.ound. over thirty
six holes, match play, will take place to
day, eighteen holes being, played, in the
morning and eighteen in the afternoon.
The winner will receive a" handsome silver
loving cup, the title of amateur champion
of Southern California and a gold medal;
the cecond man will get a silver medal
end the third and fourth bronze medals.
GREYHOUNDS OF THE LEASHMEN READY TO COURSE FOR RICH STAKES,
The John Grace Challenge Cup sta ke, most valuable coursing event of the year, will be contested for to-day and
.to-morrow at Union Park by the fleetest greyhounds in all America. Through unfortunate accidents and ifiness tho
three imported champions. For Freedom, Overture and Temple, are not among the entries. Temple succumbed to cli
matic conditions and went completely, out -of form. -For Freedom pulled out one of his toenalls last week after showing
himself in his old-time form. Overture also injured his foot by jumping -over a partition and alighting among some
boxes. These are compensated for by Luxor, Whitehead, Royal Flush and a host of ' representatives of tho champion
class. ;-_~/^:. . . -? ... : :.v : : ".'¦ :'-* ->Y« -'.¦.¦:•.¦. v'¦ ¦ ,
Resolution Against Trusts.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.—Representa
tive Richardson of Tennessee .introduced
in the House a Joint resolution to-day
against the eteel trust and af^Unst trusts
in barbed wire, wire nails, etc.. in tho
form similar to those Introduced by h!ra
against the sugar and paper trusts.
OARSMEN ARE AWAKENING
The Dolphins will hold the opening row
ing and swimming events of the season
to-morrow in the waters of the bay. off
the Xorth Beach clubhouse, beginning at
about 11 o'clock in the morning. The prin
cipal event will be a race in outrigged
skiffs between George Baker and Lester
Hammersmith for the diamond medal,
which has already been won twice by
George Baker. If won three times by the
same sculler it becomes his permanent
property. There will also be a race in
»0S«. with cockswains, between F W
vXnernner and J. Laib; and a race in out
raged skiffs for a medal between T
fe^' m * Cra S n / >ss and »-• A. Swedlund!
There will be a barge race between two
crews made up of. men who have recently
Joined the club, one four being composed
of \\ a. Donovan, J. Farrell. T. Lerond
and H. E. Swedlund, and the other con
tiFtlng of Lester Hammersmith, H
w 61^ 1^' Addcrle >' and T. Dlxon.
\u°- l &tch - J s - Karl * and E. H. Coney
will take part in a quarter-mile swimming
race. *
The Triton Swimming and -Boating Club
lias never taken a serious part in any of
the regattas on the bay. but some of its
younger and more active members are
strongly in favor of ' the club putting
crews or single scullers into open regat
tas and it is not unlikely that the inter
r.aj dissension thus created may cause the
disruption of the club. Four well-known
member*. John Peat, V. Kehrlein. August
Schunnert and Stanley Adderly have ap
plied for membership In the Dolphin Club
At their last meeting the Dolphins receiv
ea more than half-a-dozen other aDDlica
tlons for membership, so that the limit of
seventy-five will be reached.
Whether the Tritons maintain their ex
ftenceor not. they will be compelled to
leave their present quarters. Tons r>t
sand l have been washed into the cove at
the foot of I^eaven worth street and have
rendered it difficult to launch boats or to
Ket them out of the water. The great
quantity of coal tar thrown into the bay
from the works nearby has made bathing
inrpoßElble. °
The junior barge crew of the Dolphin
Club i* already, practicing. Itismade/ip
as follows: W. A?- Donovan, bow; T
V" o ."^^ 0 -, 2 ; J- Farrr-11. No. 3, and h!
A. Swedlund. *troke. Farrell is an old
rn^txr of the Dolphins, but the others
formerly belonged to the Ariel Club
tjJr^A l^ foreseeing .that the demoli
tion of Long Bridge Is a question only of
time, have begun to consider the selection
of a cite for a' -new boathouse. The Har
s* Com » n l* ; sloners nave offered a site to
tb» club, but It has not been accepted as
gently rising ground Into the valley at
the back, thence to .Woodside and over
the hills to the head of the Spring Valley
Water Company's canyon, and up along
the shores of the lakes, to Poor Farm;
thence across to the -Howard-Bowie prop
erty, to the lands of the Barroilhet and
Sharon estates, to the Burlingame Coun
try Club house. All the members were
well mounted and took * the jumps, of
which there were more than thirty, well.
This afternoon the meet will be at 3
o'clock at the Hobart Tarm, San Mateol
and on Wednesday next at the Dairy,
Millbrae. •
About the middle of March there will be
a meet at Ingleside racecourse, where a
breakfast will be given by the master of
the hunt, ladies as well as men being in
cluded-'amongr the.eueats. The run will
be from the Ingleilde .racetrack to- the
Burlingame Club house. This will afford
many people in thisi-cuy ,the opportunity
which they: have ardently- desired, of see
ing the picturesQWe-Jneidentgiof .tha'-'meet
and of the pack. "being laid\on.w? ¦ ." .
Some Saturday next-m onth J. Downey
Harvey will give a breakfast at Menlo
Park, and others will be the hosts of the
members of .the hunt. on other Saturdays
At the end of the season, which will be
in April, the- club -will gire a bull's head
breakfast. -On the closing day the J. J.
Moore cup for hunters will be run for at
a race meeting. A site has already been
selected on the Barroilhet tract for the
new kennels,- which will be situated be
tween the clubhouse, and San Mateo. At
the dinner recently given to F. J. Carolan
at the burlingame Club house the sum of
$1500 was raided In a few minutes, which
will be partly ;used to meet next season's
expenses and partly turned into the fund
for the construction of kennels. The club
is in a flourishing condition, nearly twenty
new subscribers having Joined during the
past month. » . .•;; >V K -:
TENNIS PLAYERS MEET
ON CALIFORNIA COURTS
Much Interest Shown In Class. Sin
gles Championship Tournament.
A large crowd witnessed the c!as3 sin
gles tournament played on the California
Tennis Club grounds at Bush and Scott
streets Thursday. The first class — G. F.
Whitney vs." R. N. Whitney— was won by
the former. Score, 9-^7, 2— « and a default.
In the second class, H., W. Crowell won
by. default over Walter Magee; Dr. C. B.
Root won from W. B. Collier by a score
of B—6, 6—l. Crowell beat Ralph Bllven at
6—3. 6—o. Root won from %\ eihe by de
fault, and in the final Root was successtul.
his score being 2—6, 7—6. 6—l.6 — I. and hl3 op
ponent Crowell.
¦ Third class — Merle- Johnson beat Walter
McGavin by a score of 6—3. 4—6, 6—o; Ray
Cornell won from Werner Stauf by de
fault. J. McGavin won from James Code.
score,<B— lo, B—6. 6—2. Harry Haijjht beat
Johnson by 6—*, 6—2. -J. McGavin -beat
Cornell by 6—2, 2— 6, 6-^3. In tho finaT.
Haight was the victor* beating McGavin:
by I—6. 11—9. 6^-2.
Fourth class— Paul Jone9 won from M.
Deuprey by default; H. Deuorey beat
Dick Ersklne, 6—l,6 — I, 6—2: Percy Kahn beat
Arthur Watson by default; Jones won
from Frank King. 7—5. S— <s; Jones won
from Kahn, 6—4,6 — 4, 6—3; Duval Moore beat
H. Deuprey; H. C. Punnett won from Alan
Owen, 7—5,7 — 5, 6—4.6 — 4. In the final Moore won
from Jones, 7—6, 5—7, 7—5.
The finish of the tournament will bo
played on Saturday.
STEELHEAD TROLLING.
Colonel Kellhor and Al Wilson returned
Tuesday from Russian River, where they
spent some days enjoying the fishing.
They did fairly well the first few days,
getting some large steelheads and some
medium-sized striped bass. The water
HOUNDS READY
TO COURSE FOR
A RICH STAKE
John Grace Cup, Most Valu
i able of the Year, at
Union Park.
The John Grace challenge cup stake, tho
classic event of the year In coursing, will
be run to-day and to-morrow at Union
Park. This is the fifth time the valuable
trophy has been coursed for and no owner
has up to the present time been so for
tunate as to win it twice. It was pre
sented by tho Interstate Club In 1536 and
was named In honor of John Grace, tho
premier Judge of coursing In this country.
The trophy was coursed for in 1656 at.
Newark, tho greyhounds Fear ICot and
Kirkglen. from the kennels of Robinson &
Peyton, running one, two.
In 1537 tho seen© was shifted to Ingle
side Park, where Grace & Dean's Nellie
Conroy won, with John Kerrigan's St.
Lawrence runner-up. In IS9S Union Park
was the venue. James Dean's brilliant
performer Connoroara winning, with Ter
ence Butler's Susio runner-up. Last year
J. H. Rosseter's phenomenal greyhound
S*pr Freedom won. T. J. Cronin's Thorn
rail being the runner-up.
This year's entry is the most brilliant
yet received, although through inoppor
tune accidents For Freedom, Overture and
Temple, the imported dogs, cannot go to
the flips. The chance of the drawing has
separated Luxor, "VVhitehead and Royal
Fliu?h, considered the best three dogs in
the stake, in puch a manner that they will
not meet until almost the final round, if
all prove succepsful in winning their
courses. The stake is supposed to be be
tween those three, although a strong hare
or a tricky one may put any of the cham
pions out of the running. The dogs which
may furnish a surprise are: Beacon, from
the Curtis Kennels; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Chicago Boy; Lowe & Thompson's
Flora McDonald: P. J. Reilly's Warship; 4
D. J. liealey's Sisquoe; T. J. McEnerney's
Nora and Ilegina R. and R. E. d© B. Lo
pez's Crawford Lad and Crawford Braes.
In anticipation of an unusually large
attendance the train service to the park
has been increased. The trains will leave
Third and Townsend streets" to-day at
10:15 and 11:30 a. m. 1 and 1:25 p. m. To
morrow thpy will leave at 10:15. 11. 12, 1
and 2 o'cJook. The cars of the San Mateo
electric road will run through to the park
every six minutes.
Judge John Grace will be In the saddle
to pa.«ss upon the performances of the
greyhounds, while Jamrs Grace will oc
cupy the slipper's stand.
The stake at IngleFldf Park for to-day
ard to-morrow attracted eighty entries.
The sport will commence to»day at 12
o'clock and to-morrow at 11.
A cablegram from J. Ti. Rosseter to
Messrs. Grace and Halton announces that
the great Waterloo cup stake. *which in
terests ail California coursing men. was
won yesterday by Fawcett Bros.'
Fearless Footsteps. She is by Fabulous
Fortune-Fille d'Fue. The winner was
nominated by the Hon. J. Hartley Bibby
and ran In his name. She divided the
North Lancashire stake for puppies,
forty -eight entries, with Fanock Fort and
Fiery Flame, her sisters, and also divided
the Craxfth stakes with Flustering Fan.
She is one of a litter of eleven puppies,
all wonderful performers.
Fabulous Fortune is by the great Her
schcl. out of Fair Future, pronounced
the preatest litter ever whelped in Eng
land. Her dam is by Greentick, out
of Leaderess 11. by Milllngton. he by
Misterton. Many California dogs are of
this blood, including Firm Friend, False
Flatterer. Crawford Lad. Crawford Braes
Bed of Stone. Twin City Girl. Temple. For
Freedom, Hutrhie. Royal Crest. Innocence
Rochester. Minneola. Minneapolis Car
men. Waratah. Master Glenkirk. Miller's
Rab and Daisy Hill.
The runner-up is owned by the Duke of
Leeds, who has also owned the runner-up
In the stakes of the pa*t three years.
FranH McComb has purchased from C
it A,PPIrA ,PP lrb >' the greyhound Little Sister.
She is nine-tern months old and much is
exported of her with careful preparation.
?. J .- D - , Cara 'nn p H '* the proud owner of a
\}}, cT *. nt £?: vcn r"PPfes by St. Lawrence-
Mllaai. The puppies will be entered for
next, year's Belle Brandon cup and also
for the futurity.
WOMEN GOLFERS
WILL MEET AT
THE PRESIDIO
Home-and-Home Match Be
tween Two Teams of
- Eight Ladies.
In the professional golf tournament at
Burlingame on Washington's birthday
there were four competitors, Willie An
derson and Horace Rawlins of the Oak
land Golf Club, David Stephenson, in
structor at the San Francisco links, and
James Melville of the Hotel del Monte
links at Monterey. The match was over
thirty-six holes, medal play, and was won
by Willie Anderson with a score of 4S, 47,
43, 42—181; David Stephenson' was second,
with a score of 46, '45, 49, 47— 157; James
Melville- took third prize, with a score of
50, 43, EL 44—188. and Horace Rawlins was
fourth, with a score of 45, 50, 49, {*— 192.
Three of the professionals recently visited
San Diego, where on the Coronado links
Willie Anderson won with a score of ISO,
Alec Smith being second with 181, H. Raw
lins third with IS2 and James Melville
fourth with 197. After leaving Coronado
they visited tho Los Angeles Country Club
links. J
At the Presidio links on Washington's
birthday the semi-final round of the com
petition for the Council's cup was played
in the morning. R. H. Gaylord beating A.
C. Bingham 9 up 8 to play, and S. L. Ab
bot Jr. defeating R. H. Gaylord 4 up. In
the final round S. L. Abbott Jr. beat R. H.
Gaylord 4 up 3 to play. Abbot will huve
his name and score inscribed upon the
Councils cup and will receive a miniature
replica of the trophy. The cup has now
been won twice. R. H. Gaylord having
been winner fn the first competition. The
eighteen-hole handicap, medal play, open
to all members of the club except the two
In the final round, for the Council's cup,
was won by Mr. Blackman .with a score
of 110 less IS— O2. Charles Page being sec
ond with 98 less 3—95. Some fifteen or six
teen others entered the competition.
At San Rafael the new eighteen-hole
course was opened with a tournament,
comprising an eighteen-hole event at
medal play, for men, and a nine
hole event at medal play for
women, the contestants bein^
handicapped on a bogey basis; driv
ing and approach-putting contests for
men and similar competitions for women.
The men's bogey handicap was won by
S. H. Boardman. who received 57 and fin
ished even up; H. M. Wallis, one down,
and Baron A. yon Schroeder. one down,
lieing for second place. The ladles' bogey
handicap was by Mrs. R. G. Brown,
who received two strokes, 2 up, Miss A. C.
Hoffman, scratch, being second with 2
down. The men's driving contest was won
by Baron Alex yon Schroeder. 160 yards,
clear carry, against the wind, R. G. Brown
being second with 145- yards. The ladies'
driving contest was won by Miss A. C.
Hoffman with 128 yards, with the roll.
Mrs. R. G. Brown being Fecond with 115
yards. The approach-putting contest for
men was won by Baron Alex yon
Schroeder. who holed three balls from sev
enty-five yards and three from 100 yards
in 22 strokes, R. o. Brown's score oeln,?
25. The approach-putting contest for la
dles was won. by Miss. Ella Wilcox Mor
gan in 23 strokes, after tieihg with Mrp.
R. G. Brown.
This afternoon the first home-and-heme
match between teams of eight ladies from
the Oakland and San Francisco golf clubs
placing trap-shooting on a high plane and
developing the sport to the greatest pos
sible extent.
There are so many candidates for cham
pionship honors In trap-shooting that tho
officers of the Empire Gun Club have of
fered a special" trophy for which the
crack shots will bo invited to compete.
of tho Associated Cycling Clubs of Los
Angeles held on Washington's birthday
was won . by the Athletic Club team, tho
Oberons being second.
The Capital City Wheelmen of Sacra
mento held their second annual ball last
Thursday night at Turner Hall, and it
was a pronounced success. L. Stewart
Upson acted as floor director, assisted by
Walter Hunt, Ammon Clay, James Wheat.
Lew Keller and Clifford Todd.
At a meeting of the board of governors
of the Associated Clubs to be held next
Saturday night, March 3, tho constitution
and by-laws will be changed materially
to suit the present conditions of the sport
It Is a gratification .to the officers to not*
that after three years' delay the League of
American Wheelmen has at last given up
the control of racing, a proposition advo
cated by the California delegates first in
1897.
HUNT CLUBMEN
WILL GATHER
AT INGLESIDE
Several Breakfasts Will Be
Given by Various Hosts
Next Month. .
The run of tho San Mateo Hunt on
¦Washington's birthday was most success
ful, the riders covering a distance of
about twenty-five miles through pretty
country. Starting behind the Fair Oaks
hills, the members of the hunt rode over
IN THE FIELD OF SPORT
RAIN RETARDS
OUTDOOR WORK
OF ATHLETES
Puts a Stop to Baseball Prac
tice and Path Work
Temporarily.
BERKELEY, Feb. 23.— Little progress
has been made In athletics at the Univer
sity of California this week. The rain
has prevented the sprinters from getting
out on the track, and the baseball play
ers have only been out for batting prac
tice. The cinder track has been slushy
and soft and will not be in fit condition
until- Monday. The .clay which has been
recently placed on the curves has not had
a chanc,e to harden. As the men have
lost the entire week for training, the so
phomore-freshman field day has been
postponed from March 3 to March 10. That
will give the candidates a good opportun
ity to get into fair condition.
Captain Drum says training will com
mence next week in earnest. Then all
the men will be expected to get out every
day and do conscientious work. Gradu
ally the men who have no possible chance
of winning a big "C" this year will bo
recommended to give up work and try
again next year in the hope of some day
making the team. All are looking for
ward to a trip East and are training with
that in view. The possibility of not hav
ing a field day this year with Stanford
or an Eastern trip does not enter into
the question. When the time comes thoso
matters will decide themselves.
Wednesday a Sow of the baaebal! men
came out for batting practice. In tho
game with the Fireman's Fuml a week
ago the batting was California's strongest
point. A home run and two three-bagger*
was hit off by Krug, the crack pitcher.
Altogether, nine hits were made, a goo<l
showing for a .college team and a de
cided improvement over anything done in
that line for several years. The Call
fornians practically had the game up to
the fifth inning. Jans!ng, from the Den
tal team, la a -new man and in his first
game this afternoon showed he had good
material in him.
The game yesterday afternoon with tho
Alumni showed the big team to have Im
proved in batting, while the fielding does
not seem to have come up to the . aver
age.
To-morrow, on the Stanford campus, the
California nine will play Santa Clara. On
the Berkeley campus Stanford will play
the Fireman's Fund. These frames w»era
arranged that both college teams might ¦
become accustomed to the diamonds,' as
a match game will be played on each
campus. -¦¦; • ¦
_^_ ADVEBTTSEMENTS. •—_.-_ . ¦¦ '
CURES WEAK MEN FREE,
Send Name and Address To-day-You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A. HAPPY HOME*
>;..; . l. w. knapp, ji.d. ;'
4A New Deal.
The well-known 7 Weeterfeld't bakery and
restaurant. 1035 Market »*.,< Is now under en
tirely n«w management; •verythln» up-to-date.*
BAY AMD BIVEE STEAMEB3.
Steamer "MontlceUo."
MON Tuea.. Wed.. Tburs. and Sat. at 9MS
a ra • *:15. S:SO p. m. <*-x. Thurs. night); Fri-
days 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. in., 8
o m' Landing and office. Mi«« ion-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1506. .
TARE • ..........60c
VIM
VIGOR .
VITALITY
POWER
COURAGE
STRENGTH
AND HEALTH
FOR DEBILITATED MEN
ALL CONTAGIOUS AILMENTS CURED
DOCTOR
MEYERS & CO.
731
MARKET ST.
NO
D A. V
CURED.
WILL SPEAK TO WOMEN.
Mrs. Robert J. Burdette to Be Ten-
dered a Reception.
Mrs. Robert J. Burdette, wife of the
humorist, is at the Palace Hotel, where
she arrived Thursday evening from her
home In Pasadena.
Mrs. Burdette is president of the State
Federation of Women's Clubs and her
presence in this city Is for the purpose
of attending various meetings of the dif
ferent local, clubs and particularly to at
tend to work connected with the above
named organization.
Yesterday morning she had a conference
at the Young Men's Christian Association
with Mrs. Louis Weinmann of the Laurel
Hill Club, Mrs. Gleason of the Ebell So
ciety of. Oakland and Mrs. Lovell White,
vice president at large of the federation.
Next Tuesday Mrs. Burdette will ad
dress the members of the California Club on
a number of topics of interest to women
and on March 1 she will be the guest of
honor at a reception given in the Occi
dental Hotel by the State Federation at
which will appear all the women promi
nent in the different great movements of
their sex who are now in the city.
Mrs. Burdette has not yet decided on
the length of time she will remain here
before returning to her home In the
aouth, but as there is much that demands
her attention it is probable that she will
not be able to wind up her different duties
and get away much Inside of ten days or
two weeks.
FARMERS MAY
MEET ANNUALLY
Close of the Convention
at Stanford.
MANY INTERESTING LECTURES
PBESEBVATION OP THE FORESTS
DISCUSSED.
Memorial to Congress Urging That
Steps Be Taken to Preserve the
Calaveras Big Tree
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 23.—
The convention of fruit growers which
has been in session at Stanford Univer
sity during the past week completed its
labors to-day and adjourned to meet
probably one year hence. So helpful were
the lectures considered by those who at
tended that the university was asked by
resolution to make the course an annual
feature. As President Jordan had already
promised to do this if the result would
seem to justify it, the continuation of
the work by the university is practically
assured. During the session the daily at
tendance has been all that could b.e ex
pected for the initial convention, whfle
nearly 300 fruit growers attended one or
more of the sessions.
Preservation of Forests.
The first lecture of the day was deliv
ered by Professor W. R. Dudley of the
botany department upon "The Next Step
in Forestry." He said in part as fol
lows:
Three years ago was a turning point for the
history of the struggle for fhe preservation of
the noble forests ot the Western United States.
The President of the nation proclaimed 21,000,
000 acres of the national forests domain as
reserved from sale or entry. The question be
came a burning one, to many of the interests
involved such as lumbering, mining and stock
teeding. Every newspaper iv the West felt
bound to inforni itself upon the principles In
volved. The result was a campaign of educa
tion in forestry more rapid and effective than
the subject has known in this or any other
country. The average citizen of intelligence
dees not now need to be informed of the ele
ments of the question.
The first step in the forestry policy of the
Government was the creation or forestry reser
vations. This has been going en for nine years
until we have thirty-six iorest reservations,
aggregating 43,000,000 acres. We hope and ex
pect turther increase to these. The second ad
vance was the establishment in 1898 of the
forest-ranger system. Superintendent Newhall
of the forest reserve of Northern California,
which extends from Mount Breckenridge -in
the Tehachapi to Lake Tahoe, covers 5,000,000
acres and is patrolled during the summer, by
thirty-four rangers, shows that during ISB9
less than 2000 acres, all told, were burned over,
an area not so large as that of the Mount
Tamalpais forest fire of last October.
It will be apparent to every one that the
next step in our forestry movement should be
the building up of a great government bureau
on the basis of our excellent United States
Division of Forestry, not only for the protec
tion but the utilization and tne business man
agement of the great national property. It
should be commensurate in extent, character
and llnancial support to the United States
Geological Survey, inasmuch as the interests
concerned are quite as important. ' Its mem
bers should be educated and trained for their
work In order to insure the efficiency and hon
esty which go hand and hand with the truly
educated mind.
Co-operation Necessary.
Professor Frank A. Fetter of the
economics department opened the after
noon session by a practical talk on "Co
operation." He entered into the discus
sion from the farmers' point of view and
showed the advantages to be derived from
co-operajion, bringing out as well the dif
ficulties which such organization must al
ways expect to encounter and overcome
if they would succeed. ...
"Co-operation," he said, "is a voluntary
Joining of forces for business purposes.
Practically the many forms of
tion can be reduced under two heads, viz.:
Co-operation of consumers and co-opera
tion of producers. Oftentimes consumers
band together and start stores in order
to eliminate the middleman. In doing this
they have an advantage over the profes
sional merchant. Rent, lighting, adver
tising and clerk hire will be cheaper, as
they need not employ strictly competitive
methods. But there are many obstacles
to the success of such organizations.
Every member is a difficulty. The trouble
of co-operation is that the rate of mor
tality is about as great as that of natality.
However, there is a real need for the co
operative store. It costs too much to dis
tribute goods. The private storekeeper
has not a good case against the co
operative store, being on a plane of that
of the workingman against labor-saving
machinery.
"The largest form of co-operation is
that among producers. We find that the
most successful result is among the
simpler forms of production. Among
American farmers the commonest form
is in dairying.
"In co-operation there must be good
business management, which must always
be paid for. There must also be a co
operative spirit. When the farmers have
combined to raise the prices of their
products to the consumer they have gen
erally failed, because they are unable, like
a trust, to limit the supply. ;What they
ought to do is to lower the price to con
sumers by eliminating the profits of the
middlemen. If this can be done the ven
ture should be a success and the produc
ers should derive material benefit there
from."
Value of Bees.
The last address before the gathering
was delivered by Professor O. P. Jenkins
upon "Bees and Bee Culture." The lec
ture was illustrated by specimens of hives,
.other beekeepers' supplies and living bees
and was of vital importance to those who
have interests in that line. It was shown
that the fr.uit grower was in a position to
keep a few stands of bees for the sake
of the profit to be derived from their
product as well as the benefit which they
were to the fruit-bearing trees.
Memorial to Congress.
W. R. Dudley at this morning's session
Introduced the following memorial to
Congress, which was signed by a large
number of those present:
We the fruit growers and land holders. In
convention assembled at Stanford University,
do hereby approve of the resolution now be
fore Congress leading to the purchase by the
United States Government of the Calaveras
big trees, and earnestly petition our Congress
men to favor the same.
Before the convention finally adjourned
the following resolution was introduced
and unanimously passed:
Resolved. That we. as fruit growers and
farmers, do hereby tender our sincere thanks
for the interesting and helpful course of lec
tures which Stanford University has kindly
given for our benefit,, and we further request
that a similar course of lectures be given from
year to year. _^
CA CHICHESTCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal, pills
¦ -~/T»""V " OrictaaJ •»¦< Only tieanlae.
f"M &13*. "> r CHICHKSTEK'S F^JGULSH
»f^*-''rf I*SV1 *SV la UED *nt Cold mnaUic bom tn)*&
TTV ~?%f4 wl "» w«« rtKßon. ? B ke ¦« ether. Bcfta*
Tn ** *VJ >>wi«r«M SabaUtaHoma mud Inlu.
I / ~ (X tiaaa. Bay .r your Onfitat «r wad 4t. la
I »' ft4T •t»a»P« *>r Partlevlara. Te»Clm*»l«U
\« D ul "Keller far La4l«a. M <s* Utur, by r*.
.A S P Inn MaJL lO.goOTwrlra.aHli Boldbr
v«v «— — / an DotzKu. Cfclcheater Cb em teal Caw
Uta-dn IMj p»jtx. tfa4lara Square, rUII.A^ fB
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL, LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA. and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HIoro). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc.. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARIT.. Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, March 31
NIPPON MARU ».... Wednesday, April 25
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
4H Market at., corner First.
- .W." H. AVERT, General A«»nt.
OCEAIT TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
FT W TOEE. BOrTEiKPTCN. LOKDOS. PASIS.
Etopplnr »t Cherbourij. weetbound.
From New Tork «»v»>ry Wednesday. 10 a, m.
rrtesl&nd Feb. X Kensington ...March 21
New Tork March « New Tork March 28
6t. Paul March 14 St. Paul April 4
RED STAR LINE.
New York ot)& Antwerp.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 12 noon.
FrlMland Feb. 2Sf Kenrtnrton ...March 21
Kouthwark ...March 7 Noordland ....March 28
"Westernland ..March l«i Frle«land April 4
EMPIRE UNE.
Secttle. St. Micrjeel. Dawson Cltv.
For fu!l Information reirardlng freight and
pannage apply to
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgoroen' et.. or a.ny of Its agencies.
PEfssjfVttSA The S. S. Australia
iZtKlWlll fall' for Honolulu
•C^"* tfc% AWdnr'day. March 7,
> 1900. at 2 p. m.
JL/VS The S. S. Marlpoea
iSrVTll^nin tJ « sall « vla Honolulu and
GHUCmjIUy Auckland for Sydney
fOdlßflfZH- Wednesday. March 21.
v-ruif/uiwy at Bp.m. •
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii,
Farnoa New Zealand. Australia, India.. Suez,
Er.riarid. etc.: *«0 nret class.
J. D. SJ'iSCKELS i Shu». ttl.. <igts^ l *%*™ i ß<> m *n
Pitt 1 Foot Pacific £t f reirht 0Wce.327 Market St
Clothing for Alaskan Troops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23— The formation
of the department of Alaska has made it
necessary for the War Department to in
crease the allowance of clothing to troops
serving in that department and an order
was issued to-day Increasing the amount
by $30. The following articles will be Is
sued to the Alaskan troops: Sou'wester
hat, fur cap. pair fur gauntlets, mackinaw
overcoat, oil skin coat, pair oil skin trous
ers, pair buckskin - gloves, pair buckskin
mittens, pair moccasins, pair German
socks, pair shoe pads, sweater.
New Creamery for Yolo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb." 23.— F. JV Peacock of
Hanford. who is already largely* interested
in the creamery business, has called a
meeting of dairymen at Cacheville , next
Monday with a view of incorporating an
other creamery company. Yolo County al
ready has two creameries, both of which
are in a prosperous condition.
Keithly Will Contest.
Special. lMspatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 23.— After a recess
of one day the Keithly will contest was
resumed this morning. The feature of
to-day's testimony was the evidence of
physicians called _to • give expert testi
mony. ' . . •' V ¦ ¦
An expedition consisting entirely of
women has been formed in Australia to
explore the Solomon Islands, the home of
the fiercest cannibals known.
Helping the Cadets.
An entertainment for the "benefit of the
Cadet Corps of the Third Congregational
Church was given In Mission Parlor Hall
last evening before a large audience. The
programme was well rendered by Rev.
Alfred Bayley, Robert Uoyd, Miss Esther
C. Macomber. Don Pardee Riggs, Mrs.
George Hallowell. J. F. Veaco. Mr. Ham
mersmith, Mrs. Don Pardee Rlggs, Fred
L. Shaw, Miss Hettie M. Corlett. R. B.
visit OR- JORDAN'S cheat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
£% 1351 ILiIKT ST. fcti. 6± 1 7th, S.F-Cal.
. fcy^ Tile Largest Anatomical Mi»eum in the
¦ ifrrw- Worid. cr ir.y contracted
VSStSfX d>»«»»« Bw«lil»ely«re4hytheoldeit
IESI SfxO»listcotheCo»»t S.%t-36yeuu
flScft OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
Ifflll C»»inilt«tten ttre and itrlctljr priTite.
I Trt/H Tr? nment ptrsoraliy or by lrttrr. A
fi flr cl ¦ i^^rm CSm-t in crery case uaoertahen.
Pff llfli w rite for Book. rBILOIOPBVfI
•tt lIT BIARBIACE. MAILED FKBB. (A
A (\i~ WuaMe book for men)
DO. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., B. F.
0ut. 210 days from Cardiff for Acapulco
and yesterday the rate of reinsurance on
her jumped from 40 to 50 per cent. The
last time she- was spoken was in latitude
.57 south, longitude 70 west. On that occa
'slon she had lost her foretopgallant mast
and had evidently been in heavy weather.
- The tramp steamer Victorious that is
loading mules for Fiji at Fremont street
wharf will probably not get away before
Monday. All the stalls are not completed
and the shipping of the animals cannot be
completed.
The transport Indiana began loading for
Manila yesterday and will probably get
away next -week. She will be followed by
the Thomas on March 1 and the Meade od
March 15. .
SOLDIER DEAD
BRIGHT HOME
FROM MANILA
Disease More Fatal
Than Bullets. .
TRANSPORT HANCOCK HERE
REMAINS OF HALF A THOU
SAND MEN ON BOARD.
Changes of Ship Captains— Sealing
Schooners Did " Well — Reinsur
ance Increased on the Over
due Fleet — Notes.
The transport Hancock arrived from
Manila via Nagasaki yesterday, after a
quick run of . twenty-five - days. She
brought up ten cabin passengers and 100
discharged soldiers. Two of the passen
gers died on the trip and their bodies were
brought to San Francisco. In j all the
Hancock brought into port the remains
of 506 soldiers. Very few of these died
from wounds or were killed in battle, but
nearly all succumbed to the terrible cli
mate. From now on every transport that
comes into port will carry the remains ol
men who have died in the Philippines, but
on every ship It will be found that where
one man died in battle ten died from dys
entery, typhoid fever or malaria.
Among th© cabin passengers on the
Hancock was John P. Dunning, for the
murder of whose wife Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin is now . under sentence of Imprison
ment for life. Dunning was very anxious
to send a letter ashore, but as the vessel
went into quarantine direct he failed to
gain his point. It ¦ will be several days
before the vessel is released, but the cabin
passengers may be allowed to land to-day.
The Oriental liner America Maru was
released from quarantine yesterday and
was docked at the Pacific Mail wharf.
She made the run from Honolulu, in the
fast time of 5 days 19 hours, but the chief
engineer expects to . beat that by two
hours next trip. Neither the America
Maru nor the Hancock saw anything ot
the transport Warren on their way here.
The latter vessel has General Joe Wheeler
aboard and is coming home by .way of
Guam and Hawaii. The chances are that
a stay of several days was made at Guam
to enable the general to see the island.
At Honolulu she would probably have to
coal, so that it will be some time next
week before the Warren caji be looked
for, even though the Hancock did leave
Manila six days after her.
There were quite a number of changes
among shipmasters yesterday. Captain
Hlnkle takes command of « the Orizaba,
vice Captain Parsons, who remains ashore
on sick leave. Captain Swanson takes
command of the Senator, vice Captain
Patterson, who goes to Puget Sound on
business conected with the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. Captain Rasmus
sen takes command of the schooner Re
liance, vice Captain Johnson, who is go
ingf to Cape Nome. -
James Dlnan.. a sailor on the British
ship Clan Graham, = seems determined to
end his life. Sunday night last he Jumped
overboard while drunk and was only sav
ed from dying by the unremitting atten
tion of the doctors at the Harbor Hospi
tal. Yesterday he - got drunk again and
once more jumped overboard. He , was
again taken -to the Harbor Hospital,
where his life was once more saved. As
soon as he was aisle : to be moved Dinan
was removed to the Marine Hospital.
The sealing schooner Enterprise was
spoken off the Farallones yesterday, with
?37 skins. Nearly all the vessels on the
coast. have done well so far and there is
rejoicing in British Columbia in' conse
quence. - _. .
The British ship Annie Thomaa is now
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Moore. Miss Ethel Allen, Mlas Ruth Al
len, Miss Ethel Crowe. Miss Elizabeth.
Gay, Miss Mabel Howard, Miss Grace
Hull. Miss Frieda Lasroni. Miss Carrie
Le Breton. Miss Claire Lynch, Miss Dollie
Lowenberg. Miss Nannie Mayhew, Miss
Sadie Mayhew, Mrs. R. C. Mitchell. Mis 3
Ethel Murphy. Miss Rofena May and Mlaa
Grace Savage.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
BERNARD MOSES
WILL BE NAMED
Slatedfor the Philippine
Commission.
HAS STRONG INDORSEMENTS
> — *
FAVORED BY THE CALIFORNIA
DELEGATION.
The Berkeley Professor Available Be
cause of His Knowledge of the
Language and Traits of
the Islanders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23— The name
most prominently mentioned to-night for
member of the new Philippine Commis
sion is that of Dr. Bernard Moses, pro
fessor of political economy in the Univer
sity of California. President Wheeler of
the University, who was at the White
House a few days ago, and who was of
fered by President McKinley and declined
an appointment to the commission, was
asked to name some other good man. Mr.
Wheeler suggested Professor Moses be
cause of his knowledge of the language
and traits of the people for whom the
commission -is to - frame a government.
The proposed appointment is. received by
members of the California delegation
with great satisfaction, and Representa
tive Metcalf will call upon the President
to-morrow morning to tell him so. Sena
tor Perkins is gratified at the announce
ment of Dr. Moses' probable selection,
and will cordially indorse it.
At the Cabinet meeting to-day some
time was consumed in the discussion of
the personnel of the Philipppine Commis
sion. It was stated that the President
had sent telegrams to General Luke E.
Wright of Memphis and to Henry C. Ide
of A'ermont, asking them to come to
Washington for a conference with him,
and there appears to be no doubt that
they will be asked to accept appointments
on the commission. The last remaining
member of the commission will probably
be selected from the Pacific Coast, and
there is little doubt that Professor Moses
will be named.
The Cabinet also discussed the situa
tion in Porto Rico with special reference
to the issue of food supplies to the des
titute. The question of converting ttfese
supplies into money in some cases was
discussed. The instructions to the Phil
ippine Commission were gone over at
some length. .
CONDEMN THE POLICY
OF THE ADMINISTRATION
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 23.— The second
day's session of the "Eastern Conference"
of Anti-Imperialists was characterized by
the adoption of*a strong resolution con
demning the expansion policy of the ad
ministration. During the discussion Pres
ident McKinley was > severely criticized
and held personally responsible for the
"criminal aggression of the country."
Several of the delegates objected to the
use of President McKinley's name in the
resolutions, on the ground that it was un
wise to insert personalities in a resolution
of that nature. The resolution, when lirst
presented, placed the responsibility for the
war in the Philippines with the Repub
lican party, under the lead of President
McKinley, but on motion of Moorfleld
Storey of Massachusetts the words "the
present administration" were substituted.
In offering the amendment Mr. Storey
said that the members of President Mc-
Kinley's Cabinet, who at heart were op
posed, to the policy of imperialism, but
w.ho by their silence supported it, should
be made to bear their share in the respon
sibility. In answer to the objections of
those who favored striking out the name
of Mr. McKinley, Frank Stephens of this
city said:
"That murderer is theman.who Is chiefly
to blame for the shame that rests upon
this country, and his name should not be
removed."
Senator Hoar came in for some criticism.
Several of the delegates declared that lit
tle assistance could be expected from him
owing to his stanch support of the Presi
dent. Mr. Storey of Massachusetts said
that Mr. Hoar could make an excellent
anti-imperialistic speech, had done so and
would do so again, but when the lime
came for voting he voted with the Presi
dent.
"We want it to go out to the worid,"
said Mr. Storey, "that our anti-imperial
ism is not of that sort."
Herbert Welch, in discussing the resolu
tion, said lie regarded the admislntration's
imperialistic policy as "the breaking down
of the American Union."
A further resolution was adopted recit
ing the cable report from Manila that In
surgents were hereafter to be treated as
bandits and executed. This action was
compared with the policy of General Wey
ler in Cuba.
A demand was made that Congress in
vestigate the report, and if It proves true
take summary measures to prevent the
action mentioned.
THE EMPOBIUM.
day that there were not enough suits of
underwear in the men's department to
permit of making the ' usual weekly
change of clothing. In one ward of thirty
there .were only ten clean suits, so* the re
maining twenty patients had to wear the
soiled suits or go without underclothing
until the suits they had on could be sent
to the. wash and returned.
This incident is but an illustration of
the real state of affairs resulting from
the extreme economy of the State Lu
nacy Commission, and the merchants of
Stockton who have had dealings for many
years With the asylum in a business way
are familiar with the character of the
complaints that have been lodged against
the general management. One of these
merchants, when interviewed, said that
the manner in which the finances of the
institution are conducted by the State
Lunacy Commission can ITe inferred from
the fact that goods delivered last Decem
ber have not yet been paid for.
Requisition for a Hammer.
According to this authority, everything
seems to be run on the principle that no
money should be allowed until it Is act
ually wrung from • the commission, and
the people connected with the institution
are afraid to open their lips in protest.
They must first send on a requisition be
fore making any purchases to the com
mission at Sacramento, and then await its
pleasure. In the meantime the patients
are obliged to go without, and if the re
quisition is not allowed they go without
the articles for good. As a general thing,
even when the merchandise required ia
allowed at Sacramento, the amount is cut
down about one-half. Only a few months
ago they wanted a hammer at the asy
lum, said this merchant, but the authori
ties did not dare to buy one. They had
to send on an estimate of the cost and
get permission from Sacramento to make
the purcHase.
In this interview, which, by the way. is
authenticated by the Stockton Mail, the
merchant said: *
"Last summer, while down at Santa
Cruz. I was informed by Dr. Hoisholt of
the asylum's staff of physicians that the
requisition system used to be carried so
far by the commission that a patient
came near dying for lack of medicine,
which could not be bought wiUiout an
order. The requisition was sent on to
Sacramento, but no response was received
until repeated requests had been made.
Subsequently the asj-lum authorities pre
vailed on the commission to permit drugs
to be purchased without going through
the usual red tape. The local board of
managers is simply a figurehead. It can
not do anything except through the Statt
Lunacy Commission, and what it does at.
tempt to do Is generally sat down on by
the Commissioners.
"All the people out here at the hospital
are afraid to open their mouths about the
real situation, for fear of losing their jobs,
so they get along the best they can and
put up with the scrimping policy which
the State Lunacy Commission Is pursu
ing."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, FEBBUARY 24, 1900.
PARSIMONY OF
LUNACY BOARD
Suffering Caused at
Stockton Hospital.
BEDDING GOES UNWASHED
REQUISITION SYSTEM IS CAR
RIED TO EXCESS.
Patient Forced to Go Without Med
icine While Yards of Red Tape
Were Being Un
¦wound.
Ei^clal Dispatch to Th» Call
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 23.— According to
itorles that have reached here, the wards
of the State confined at the Stockton
Hospital for the Insane are obliged to suf
fer because of the policy of extreme econ
omy, or. rather, parsimony, which ob
tains under the present State regime.
These complaints have never taken on
such shape as to enable the public to
ascertain the exact circumstances, but
within the pan few days enouph has been
learned to justify the conclusion that a
severe shaking up is badly needed in''at
least one large State institution. Up to a
few days ago. it has been learned, the
supply of blankets on hand was not suf
ficient to allow a change of bedding: at
th*> Stockton Asylum, and many of the
beds were consequently in anything: but
a clean state. Dr. Asa Clark, the super
intendent of the asylum, has gone so far
as to acknowledge that this state of af
fairs has existed, but shields the Lunacy
Commission from blame in the premises.
Underclothing Scarce.
One of the stories which have found
their way through the wall of secrecy
built about the asylum affairs is that the
patients are poorly supplied with under
rlothing. Dr. Hoisholt. one of the medical
attendants, said in Stockton the other
| Half pi W dol»li^ll f&MBe IL%ajE2LGkX\ U Main noor > s
$ Pr/oe ' CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST--AMERICA f S_ORANDESTi STORE So Switch S
i • Grand Concert To-Night at 7: 30. '' f
< Lee, the juggler, entertains To-Day from to to 12 a. m. and 2to 5 p.m., in Exhibition \
is Hall, Second Floor. Admission Free. <Also the Indian Painting. j
$ YAH Key West and Domestic 12£ c Cigars To-Day fOe $
$ j each; per 100, $9.00. All 5c Cigars, 7 lor 25c. *
I Rousing Saturday Sale I
I Man's Clothing and Furnishings. %
$ If you need Clothing, Hats, Shoes, Underwear or Hosiery, investigate these jj
$ great offerings for this day only, or send your wife to buy for you before the lots %
$ are exhausted: ~ ..j
liiPlP *» i m $3.50 Shoes $2.88. 5
j utotmng specials* Untn *?™g «»« to-night $
J 3 UfSntiS&tchS&hiG B£si*~ f^^S^A \ choice °^ an y of its numerous 3
tf „ - -^ -¦ M m st y les ot Men ' 8 S 3 - 50 Shoes— {E
g gains for Saturday Jg calf ' ** cal/ ' 221 $
» «^ KS-" y f£>>s >^ modern shapes jf
$ Men's $15.00 Blue Serge Suits, m^ -^ ' " rri wm^^ of toes, mit- ,*
5 £/0.00-Guaranteed pure worsted and fast *§ 12& !&!£ Btree *' $
J- / bine, double-breasted sacks Jf!^ ° C '5
S» ?i .„ • . .« ~t 11*1 tti -— outing wear. Jf
*£ with silk facing, or the at the unmatchable low price of tf£O OO •*
£ y^V single- breasted, round-cut %&4mm%s%£ •*
Sk* £zs\ fill sack coats ; made up in the r*'t'"'ci »V c'\ ' "5
X WzA \*7 latest styles, perfect in fit (Matn Floor, Ntorjntronc* ¦*
i> 1 -Js s^frV\ and absolutely reliable as to; 7o ;7 ~ ~ f~* Jj
X y^"vS?L /- *f \ wearinsr qualities: cuaran- fi^i § 2w9lft £%&*— _ . - r 5
* C-3rk^>49*st i\ teed $15.00 values; they are 9 * mUUUnaGr-fC ( K^J^^S 5
i Vi^ll fl-M^Mfi wear 77c. %f% f IT W \\
$ s^|iSiAJ ¦ -Mf'K&i 0 Men's Camels' Hair\i % \J |
i Fin MXYZI Pants ' $2.65- an a Natural Wool if fri- [Jgi f
$ B //I mm it: About 180 P airs of Under wear— Barely 't f^mSßSit $
6 " fk / \\PJ »!'!•] Wk Men's Wool and Worsted enough cotton to prevent shrink- H 1 5
•4* V^/ W / jjtijj // y J Silk-Mixed Pants, the re- ing, as soft and fine a3 most men Ujt
X \\\ r' I// mainder of the Creegar stock will want— shirt 3 have soft fronts /T fJJ
** JV \ 'il 1 ' I'/ • that we bought some months and ribbed tails, drawee have V^ /\ jl
•»* I Mil I J a £ Of *° a^ B * zes * rom to taped seams, reinforced seat 3 and j I \ J
*£ / H»!aJ hi - 42, silk sewn, perfect fitting tapes at waist band for suspender Sv I^T^iL/sllVS^
J» j " ¦—*—&' and well made ; special for support, regular value $1.00 per \^!^>^^s£jfcwi/ <J
V. U . this day on'y, per pair garment, on special sale until %
£ &4i * 52.65 closing time to-night 77 O r
.JJ *?Qfca. BOYS' $7.50 T^ird Section, %tght of Entrance. g
* and 58.50 Suits ma 9 mm *-«-~ 5
£ for $s.Bs— The long pants style for young F^] bYMGBI ] $ &O2C SCb '«
fc* men 13 to 19 years of age, fine-looking cassimeres and ffl «
* cheviots, in new coloring', suits guaranteed absolutely all ffejti M fS CO r f. ,-t, o/^ on SOCKS 5
S wool, latest cut round-corner sack coat 3, perfect-fitting and W-Ai that iOOH lIKO Silk- Seamless, fast *
J very dressy, not \ one of them worth less than $7.50, most of fe#V ' black * wlth colored hee ' 3 and toe 3« well «
*C .them $8.50 values; the big store' 3 special price until closing Qlpk, made and an extraordinary bargain at to- jc
J. time to-night $5.85 day's special price, per pair Bo S
it Second Section — TZigkt of Entrance. First Floor, !X*ar "Door. «
«f =^^^^^^^^=^ '-.. s
| Men's $1.85 Hats $1.52 To-Day Only. %
te : Derby S or Fedoras — the Fedoras in black, brown, cedar, pearl and contrasts ;" the stiff .«
J^ hats in black, brown and in contrasts. These are not old timers, but our regular line of hat 3 in the lat- £
J»* est blocks. We want you to become better acquainted with our hat department, and to that end offer you these hats which M
X ordinarily sell at $2.00 and for which our regular price is $1.85 — for this day only at,......- $1.52 £
X First floor, near ehvator . \
* * ¦ . , *
BIRTHINGTOiYS WASHDAY
Never allowed the Father of hi.s
Country to dance with joy at the sight
of a well laundered shirt, cuff or collar,
because he wasn't initiated into the se-
crets of those up-to-date articles. Those
who live in San Francisco know aijood
thing when they see it, though, and the
finish, color and perfect work done on
their linen is our best advertisement.
United States Laundry. Offlo»
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
B-ft I Is Sol ii SI rail
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY an* SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS,
SAVE GOLD— Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Strvensoa
st. Amalgamators. Sand Centrifugal Piimpa.
CENTRIFUGAL AMALGAMATORS.
SAVES fine gold. In dally operation at ZZ4
Beale st., San Francisco.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator & Rotary
Amalgamator on exhibition. 63 Stevenson st.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No quick-
ellver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
For Ala«kan roits, 10 a. m.
lv*iS*v F< "*- "• 10 - i: - -'• :5; Mar - 2 -
; Igjyftj^ Change to company's Etf-ainers
' f^KS'l^a^ F " cr Victoria, Vancouver <B.
\ PfcSaVzCW^RI C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^Mra&rV Tacoir.a. Everett. Anacortes
1 ami New Whateom (Wash.),
**k 10 a. ra.. Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25,
Mar. 2. and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ky. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbcldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Feb.
I. %. 13. IS, 23, 28, Mar. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
acop. Port Harford On lAils Obispo). Gaviota,
?anta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. Pan Pedro.
East Pan Pedro <Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Feb. 4. S, 32, 16. 20. 24, 2S, Mar. 4. and
ev-ry fourth day thereafter.
For Sar. Diego, f-toppln? only at Port Harford
i Pan Luis Ohifiw). Santa Barbara. Pert Los
Angeles and Redondo <Lof« Anpreles), 11 a. m..
Feb. 2. 6. 10. 11. 18. 22. 26, Mar. 2, and every
fourth day thereafter.
Fcr Ensenada, Magrlalena Bay. San Jose del
• .-. *.-.. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
t-nd Gueytnaß <Mex.), 10 a. m.. Mar. 8. and "th
of each nrnuth thereafter.
For further information obtain company's
f.-ir.er.
The company reFervee the right to change
fteamere. railing dates and hours of sailing.
wlthrmt previous notice.
TICKET OFFICK— 4 New Montgomery
etreet 'Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINP 4 CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
STEAM ENOIMRS.
Call and see the lightest, cheapest, special Cap*
Nome steam engine; working parts completely
Inclcsed; $35 to ) 255 for 1 to 30 horsepower;
w«lghts 90 to 1400: one operating at RIX EN-
GINEERING AND SUPPLY CO.. 619 Howard.
GASOLINE ENOINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS is fllllnr
large numbera of orders for Nome. 141-ltt
First St.. 8. T.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OH. Crude OH and Gaso!ln«.
ENSIGN A McGUFFICK. 23 Spear st. S. V.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
Schaezletn & Burridge. 2 Hardie place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
SAND CENTRIFL'OAL PUMPS. ~£
Lift Goll-Bearlng tiands perfectly. In opera-
tion at 123 Sixth st. BYRON JACKSON.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P> O R T L -^HXm
From £i>»sr-Btr»*t Wharf at 10 a, m.
CADC £12 First Closs Including Berth
rAnt 18 Second Class and Meals.
COLT'MBIA sails Feb. IT. 27. Mar. 9. 19
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. a. March 4, 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all point* in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
C3O Market strict.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. "
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low llfta. Slmoada. 33 Market st.
E.NOX>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Engines and Boners;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine A Davis sta.
HENSHAW, BUCKLET A CO.. Pumps.Steam and
Ga»*llne Enetnes. Boilers. 26 aad 23 Frsmoat.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE tc CO.. manufacturers, bags, tents.
covers. 31 and 33 California st.
A LJL AVrrow* XHoea.es— Failing Men-
or/. SleeplaaaaaM, eta, caused toi o»er-
work and Indiscretions. They owMki*
amii mvrel* restore Lost Vitality la old
or young, and fit imu fcr •tadr. basi*
ne*a or pleosara. Prevent Insanity nni
Ooßsumption if takea la time. Their
imedlate improvement and effect a CUBS
where all others fail. Insist apon having the genuine
AJax Tablota. They have cored thousands and will
core yon. We give a positive written guarantee to ef-
fect n care in each ca*e or refund the money. Price
SO fife per "ff^VS^^ 1 * Pf««ai»e Ifoll treat-
9%M bldt meat) for «2.60 by mail. In plain wrapver,
apon receipt qfprice. Circulars free.
AJAX REMEDY CO., ™<£S&>%jX
Tor sal* In 8. F. by ixUmlts * Co.. No" Per-
etuU*« Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F., Oakld.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT UESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The moet wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both »»xes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER.- ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
KZ Market street. S. F.— <Send for Circular).
il Palace and
il Grand Hotels
' ' Fcr nearly a quarter of a century tn«
< > leading hotels on the Pacific Coast.
1 • With added Improvements and con-
+ veniences they continue to be the head-
? quarters for tourists and travelers vls-
l Mas San Francisco.
? JOHN CKIRKPATRICIC
? ' Manager.
COM? AOHIS CEHERALE TRAHSATLAKTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Kailtn* ev*ry Thursday Instead of <&£££
Faturday. from November J. 1899. at *",~~." ,~~.
Wa. m from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton «t.; LA TOURAINE -March 1: LA
BRETAGNE. March 8; I/AQUTTAINE. March
15; LA CHAMPAGNE. March 2Z. Tim class to
Havre. $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second dim to avre x*%^fT
c«nt reduction on round trip. GENEIj IA u
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway /Hudson btilldin*).
York J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Airr.ta. 6 Montgotnpry are.. San Franclaco.
A Wonderful Medicine.
E*EECHAM'S
** PILLS
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as
Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache,
Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after meals,
Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flush-
ings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of
Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on the Skin, Dis-
turbed Sleep.Frightfui Dreams.and all Nervous
and Trembling Sensations, etc. These ailments
•11 arise from a disordered or abused condition
of the stomach and liver. > I
Beecham's Pills will quickly restore Females
to complete health. They promptly remove any
obstruction or irregularity of the system. For a
Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, Sick
Headache, Disordered Liver, etc,
they act like magic— a few doses will work won-
ders upon the Vital Organs ; Strengthening the
Muscular System, restoring the long-lost Com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of Appetite,
mnd a routing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy
of the human frame. For throwing
off feverm they, are opoclally re.
nowncd. These are "facts" admitted by
thousands, in all classes of society, and one
of the best ' guarantees to the Nervous and
Debilitated Is that Beecham's Pills have the
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the
World. This has been achieved
Without the publication of testimonials.
Beecham's Pills have for many years been
the popular family medicine < wherever the
English language is spoken, and they now stand
without a rival. : "
10 cents and 25 cents, at all drug stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TBSOLUTE~SEGURITYr
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /&^?zg£^
Terr BBiall a»4 as easy
to talus m» «cjar.
SEE IrARTTtfcl 1 ™ "NOACHL ccn
* LL jlAm IKo for dizziness. jec
rcvmvc .IPITTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. rPMmvn
GENUINE Ivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
If pi LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WR4PPFR \MJJm ' for sallow skin. WRAPPFR
WK.HTEK FOR THE COMPLEXION nKA " fiK
"FRUSTTEID ON REID PAPER."
5
PROFESSOR BERNARD MOSES.NON-CONSTITUTIONAL RULE.
THE Sacramento Bee is excited over the publi
cations of Henry Loomis Nelson, who pro
fesses to represent the views of President Mc-
Kinley. In a recent article, in Harper's Weekly Mr.
Nelson said that Congress, not being bound by the
constitution when it comes to legislation for our out
side possessions: "It may refuse to the natives and to,
the American citizens who may go to our colonies the
A committee of the House of Representatives is
trying to determine if General Merriam was brutal
in his military administration of Idaho. A model of
the bullpen would prove a startling exhibit in ths
case.
.
right > of trial by jury ; ; the right of free speech; the
right of peaceable assemblage and petition; the right
to freedom from unwarrantable arrest, and freedom
from search, and all those, rights which the constitu
tion guards jealously."
The Bee declares that it cannot, believe that Presi-
If half of what the attorneys in the Craven-Fair
litigation say of one another be true the cause might
not unwisely be transferred to one of the criminal
departments of the Superior Court.
¦ • I
There is at last a prospect of retiring General Easran ]
;md *his odors of embalmed beef from the army. •
There is a proposition on foot to legislate the Gen
eral out of official existence. ]
dent McKinley assents to such a shamelessly un-
American proposition," that "would be deemed out
rageous even in Russia."
We are surprised that the Bee is surprised by the
announcement of this non-constitutional theory" of
government for our outside possessions. It origin
ated in the Bee's own political household, and is the
doctrine taught to the devotees of the Bryan cult.
In a letter by. Grover Cleveland these' propositions
The residents of Berkeley have struck upon a
strictly original plan to defend themselves against the
evils of a wide-open town. They have determined to
close the saloons and pay the town what it will lose in
license money. Some Croesus can reduce himself to
poverty by trying the scheme in San Francisco.
were laid down: "If, then, the suggestion is made
that the time has come for our nation to abandon its
landmarks and to follow the lights of monarchical
hazards, and that we should attempt to employ the
'simple machinery of our popular and domestic gov
ernment to serve the schemes of imperialism, your
challenge of the proposition is entirely in order. If
you are satisfied that foreign conquest and unnatural
extension or annexation are dangerous perversions of
our national mission, and if it shall seem to you in
the light of reason and history that such positions
bring in their train a people's demoralization and a
decay of popular content, more surely destructive to
the republic than armies. with banners, you will not
necessarily be wrong."
This was written at about the time Colonel Bryan
was securing the purchase of the Philippines by whip
ping Democratic Senators in to its support. -\. % r
The Examiner, political wallow-fellow of Bryan
and the Bee, attacked Cleveland abusively for that
utterance and spoke in derision of "the old land
marks," and said: "The most remarkable example in
the history of the world of the assumption of hazards
such as Mr. Cleveland indicates with fear and abhor
rence is furnished by England, and in faith England
has prospered indifferently well under all that load
of monarchical hazards. The fact that England's in
stitutions are as free and as democratic as our own;
the fact that the English nation is the most powerful
and the most enlightened in the Old World, despite
its schemes of imperialism, do not seem to affect Mr.
Cleveland's prophetic vision. It is perhaps worth
while to point out that the simple machinery of our
popular domestic government of which Mr. Cleveland
speaks will neither be changed at home nor employed
abroad, should it become necessary to administer out
side dependencies. It is in the power and right of
Congress to devise any sort of system that may apply
to the conditions of such dependencies, and this
power is in no wise limited by the national constitu
tion, nor does its application involve any change of
our domestic system. All theSe things which we have
stated, are familiar knowledge, but they do not appear
to make any part of the intellectual equipment of the
superior person who puts his faith in adjectives and
expects people to take him for granted.'.'
Now, we submit to the Bee that it must first dis
cipline its own political household before being hor
rified about the same thing said by Mr. Nelson, or
the supposed indorsement thereof by the President.
The Democratic view of the subject, stated by the
Examiner, has never, to our knowledge, been at
tacked by any representative of that party to point
out the falseness of the Examiner's teaching. Oppo
site to that view is Mr. Cleveland's, which the Ex
aminer said was opposed to "familiar knowledge" on
the subject. Can it be possible that the Bee so far
forgets itself as to indorse Mr. Cleveland?
1 RUSSIAN |
iciGARETTESi
I With Mouthpiece |
% 1O cents for 1O 2
H Honopo! Tobacco Works ||
Since the suggestion of a flag emblem for new San
Francisco has come from the Mayor it is no more
than just that incidents already famous in the reign
of Phelan the First should receive' some pictured
record. It certainly would be a novelty in flag deco
ration to fhow how his Honor scored his great tri
umph in selling the Police Department. Or perhaps
that would look better* in statuary , for the Gty Hall
rotunda. • - .
A general complaint, is being made that business
in the Police' Courts is beins clogged by a lack -of
stenographers. Why not counsel with his Honor the
Mayor? He has assumed the divine right of knowing
all about police affairs^ particularly on what "should
not be done in any case.
The Marquisof Queensberry insisted that something
of common sense should be displayed at his funenU.
As very little was said or done at the ceremony and
m . uch . was Siven to the charity of silence his wishes
seem* to have been obeyed.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BISMARCK— A. O. S., City. Prince Carl
Otto Eduard Leopold Bismarck-Schon
hausen, the German statesman, died of
debility at Friedrichsruh, Prussia, July 30,
IS9B, aged 73.
CUSTOM-HOUSE EXAMINATION— A.
E. J.. City. For application blanks in
the civil service examination for the Cus
tom-house apply at the Custom-house.
When you obtain the blanks you will be
informed as to the date of the examina
tion.
COPYIST AND CLERK— E. V. H.
Bloomfield, and A. S., City. Those who
desire to take the municipal service ex
amination for clerk and copyist at the
Lincoln School building on March 1 should
make application for blanks at the office
of the Civil Service Commission at the
City Hall, San Francisco. Either sex may
take the examination. *
THE PRESTON SCHOOL— Subscriber,
Oakland, Cal. The Preston Industrial
School is located near lone. Amador
County. The inmates are allowed to cor
respond'with their relatives! and
friends. Boys are kept there during their
minority; but may be released before that
time If they, give evidence of reformation.
Visitors are admitted every day except
Sundays.'- ..______
CENSUS— O.S. A., Berkeley, and others.
For; general ."or specific Information con
cerning the census that Is to be taken
this, year "address a letter, of inquiry to
the "Director,.- of the- Census :of 1900.
Washington, D. C." The pay of enumera
tors wiirbe not less than 2 cents per name
nor more than 3 cents for each living in
habitant; from 16 to 20 cents for each farm
and from 20 to 30 cents for each establish
ment of productive Industry.
Convicted of Manslaughter.
Charles H. Richardson, who shot hl»
wife. Ellen, in their home at 94S Howard
street on October 10, 1899, was convicted
Fell Dead in the Street.
Jeremlah Hurley, a marine? fireman, who
recently resided at 546 First street, fall
dead yeaterday shortly after noon whila
passing the house 263 Brannan street. Ha
had been on a spree for several days and
his death is believed to have been caused
by heart disease brought about by tha
abuse of alcoholic drinks.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
Tha California Limited, Santa Fa Route.
Connecting trains leave at 5 p. m. Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any Una to
the East. Ticket office, C 3 Market street,
Do you know that a large percentage of
the suicides of San Francisco occur in
Golden Gate Park?
fair trio* HaTe V™ ever pald
•JtffCiued attention to the dl-
• rect causes 6t
:¦¦ in these deaths —
, " methods employed
tllQ and reasons for the
act? Rather a
JSQCIt, morbid subject, but
• * Intensely Interest-
ing on account of that very morbidity.
Next Sunday's Call will publish a com-
plete list of names and dates of the Park
suicides in 'connection with an article
upon the subject.
We recommend the use of Dr. Slegrert's An-
gostura Bitters to our friends who suffer with
dyspepsia.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— W. G. Holbrook
and Henry Leasing Jr. of San Francisco
are at the Empire; Louis Morris of Los
Angeles is at the Netherlands.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide-vestibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via. Santa Fe route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
"Wednesday and Friday. T» Boston, Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesdar. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 6:3 Market street.
Board of "Works' Appointments.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
temporarily appointed E. J. Brandon a
field assistant at $125 a month and Hush
I. Ward assistant plumber at $65 a month
The salary of H. 3. Syton was changed
from $60 a month to $2 50 a day.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Treat your Eastern friends to Town-
send's California flace fruits, 60c lb.. In
nre etched boxes. 633 Palace Hotel bid?. •
Tcwnsend's, now opened at 639, Palace. •
Ice cream at Townsend'a, 735 Market oL«
TAX SHIRKERS BEATEN AGAIN.
ONCE more the Wells-Fargo Express Company
has been beaten in an effort to shirk the war
tax by shifting it upon the patrons of .the
company; and another proof has been given that the
courts stand ready to afford protection to the rights
of any shipper who withstands the demands of the
company and refuses to submit to its aggressions.
. In the case of G. B. Benham vs. Wells, Fargo &
Co. Justice Barry, after reviewing the issue at length,
and stating the principles of law involved in the ques
tion as to the right of the company to force the ship
per to affix or furnish for the receipt or bill of lading
the stamp required by the revenue act, concludes by
saying: "What these principles and rules are, ami
what the result of their application here, are- already
determined so far as this court is concerned. • The
Superior Court has spoken and I am bound by its
decision. In Costley case vs. Wells-Farjro. No.
7620, Justice Court, affirmed by Judge Troutt Octo
ber 22, 1898; also opinion of Superior Court of Mich
igan, affirming judgment of the court below — the
foregoing decisions are overwhelmingly to the point
as to which I cite them, namely, that it is the duty of
the express company to furnish a proper legal
stamped receipt. It is evident that the express com
pany is obliged to affix the stamp and pay the tax.
The words seem so plain as not to need any author
ity." £;*#
It is to be noted that in the Costley case judgment
against the express company was affirmed by Judge
Troutt in 1898. More than a year has elapsed. The
express company has been defeated in every appeal
it has taken to the courts, and still goes on shirking
the tax and imposing on the public as if it had no re
spect for the courts whatever.
It is just such actions as this on the part of power
ful corporations that undermine public respect for law
and give some show of reason for the denunciations
with which agitators and demagogues assail corpora
tions of all kinds.
Wells, Fargo & Co. will continue to violate the
law and impose upon shippers just so long as the pub
lic will submit. The courts have given judgment for
th« plaintiff in every case where a shipper has had the
self-respect to maintain his rights. It is now clear that
if other citizens will follow the example that has been
set the tax-shirking corporation will have to yield.
Suits should be begun at once by every shipper
upon whom the company imposes. The corporation
has fought the law for a year, but it cannot fight it
successfully. It can and will fight so long as only a
few public-spirited men stand against it in defense of
right, but it would not fight long if a general move
ment took place to resist its impositions. It is to be
hoped the suits against the shirkers will multiply rap
idly. They should be filed in every case where the ex
press company refuses to obey the law. , •
WITH POWDER
AND PATCHES
Brilliant Bal Poudre Given
fby La Jeunesse Last
Evening.
The members of La Jeunesse Cotillon
Club gave a brilliant bal poudre at
Lust's Hall last evening. Washington's
birthday was the Inspiration of the affair.
which was made as Washingrtonian In ail
details as was possible. All the guests
were in colonial costumes and the decora
tions of the hall were fashioned of stiffly
arranged garlands, flags and shields.
Percy King, assisted by Robert Eyre, led
the cotillon.
The colonial german was rather more
elaborate than the other affairs of La
Jeunesse. In honor of "the Father of His
Country" dancing was prolonged one hour
beyond the usual time. About 250 guests
were present and were- received by the fol
lowing patronesses of the club, who were
respectively attired In colonial costume-
Mrs. A. H. Voorhies, Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, Mrs. W. H. McKittrick, Mrs. J W
McClung, Mrs Phebe Hearst, Mrs. A. W.
Foster and Mrs. H. E. Huntington.
Some unkind critic has suggested that his Honor
the Mayor has found a happy way of reducing his
advertising expenses by giving as a prize for flag
ideas the money he recently won in a literary con
test. The cruelty of this critical suggestion becomes
apparent when it is remembered that the Mayor mod
estly refrained from giving the name of the periodical
which was so lenient to his pen.
The SCHEMES OF THE GAMBLERS.
Wlil^A Attorney JJorn, pleading on behan 01
the racetrack gamblers, argued that the silence
of the press on the subject of reopening Ingle
ude racetrack for unlimited racing gave a tacit
ronsent to the scheme, he appears to have exposed
he tactics of the gang. Judging from his unguarded
¦emark it seems to have been the intention of the
.chemers to push their enterprise quietly, so that no
>rotest would be aroused and the Supervisors who
avorcd it couid say in explanation of their vote that
hey heard no objection from the people or the press,
Such being the aspect of the case, it will be well
for all the forces that co-operated to bring about the
suppression of track gambling to resume their ac
tiviiy and make known their opposition to the re
newal of the evil. It is time for the press to once
more expose the fearful record of crimes directly or
indirectly traceable to the effects of track gambling,
and for the pulpit and the civic organizations to pro
test against any surrender to the gamblers. The Su
pervisors c hould be made to understand the sentiment
of the public upon the subject, and not one of them
should be left to cast his vote for the scheme under
the impression {hat popular silence had given a tacit
consent to it.
The outburst of public indignation against the
gamblers caused by the rapid succession of appalling
crimes resulting from track gambling was so strong
at the time it forced the suppression of the evil that
many persons believed the gamblers would never
dare to seek a renewal of the license for years to
come. In that belief they dismissed the issue and
turned their attention to other things. It appears in
credible that any Board of Supervisors would con
sent to a revival of the abominations that had been
once disclosed and suppressed, and so, in a sense of
security, the people have paid little attention to what
the gamblers are doing.
It is now clear that the vultures, when their resort
was suppressed, hurried away for a time to wait until
the storm blew over. They now think the time ripe
to venture forth again and to make an effort to regain
their old place of vantage for looting the public and
untieing the unwary to bet on their prearranged races.
They construe the silence of the press and the pulpit
as an evidence of popular indifference to the issue
md have grown bold again.
In this juncture the people have a right to count
on the Supervisors to reject the scheme of the gam
blers, and a still stronger right to rely upon the
Mayor to veto any ordinance in favor of the gamblers
which the Supervisors in their folly might grant. The
Mayor signed the ordinance closing Ingleside
racetrack. He did so after the issue had been fullvdis
cussed and the evil results of track gambling had
been made known. He, in common with the com
munity generally, had before him at the time the
record of defalcations, swindles, divorces, thefts, as
saults, murders and suicides that had been caused by
gambling at the tracks or in downtown poolrooms,
not by men only, but by boys and women. He acted
therefore advisedly in signing the ordinance, and can
hardly be suspected now of a willingness to stultify
one of the mo«t honorable acts of his official career.
In spite, however, of this reasonable reliance upon
the Supervisors and the Mayor, the people should
riot be «ilrnt upon the i?sue. Not even a shadowy ex
cuv should be permitted to those who are striving to
fxt-mit a reopening of that center of a far-reaching
corruption. San Francisco has had disastrous ex
perience with unlimited racing under the control of a
set of unscrupulous Eastern adventurers, and from
thai experience should protest at once against any
renewal of their license. , .
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. D. H. Morgan, U. S. N., is a guest
at the Palace.
G. M. Francis, the Napa Journalist, is
staying at the Occidental.
B. F. Shepard Jr., a wealthy merchant
of Fresno, is a guest at the Grand.
Thomas Flint Jr. is registered at the
Palace from his home in San Juan.
L. F. Bruner has come down from Sacra
mento and Is registered at the Grand.
Frank J. Carolan has come up from his
home in Burlingame and is at the Palace.
W. D. Pennycook. a Vallejo newspaper
man, is at the Occidental for «. few days.
T. L. Reed, a wealthy rancher of Reed
ley; is one of tho recent arrivals at the
Grand.
James Cronin, a Spokane mining man
and capitalist, is at the Lick, where he
arrived yesterday.
Dr. L. N. Thornton, one of the leading
medical men of Portland, Or., Is at the
Grand for a short stay. ; : .;-'
* H. C. Woodrow, a well-known • mine
owner of Redding, is among the arrivals
of yesterday at the Occidental.
F. J. Carman, a wealthy landowner of
Bakersfleld, is at the Palace while making
a hurried business trip to this city.
¦B. T. McCullough, the millionaire
rancher of Crows Landing, Is a guest at
the Lick while In the city on a short busj
ness trip.
F. P. Dunne, the "Dooley" humorist, is
at the Palace again. He returned yester
day from his trip to tlie southern part of
the State. J. P. Greer accompanied him.
Lieutenant Colonel D. S. tßrainard, for
merly head of the commissary department
in the Philippines, returned from the
Orient yesterday on the transport Ohio
and is now at the Palace.
Count Kheverhuller and Dr. Charles
Merth, two distinguished members of tho
aristocracy of Vienna, are at the Palace,
where they arrived last evening. They
are touring the United States on pleasure
bent.
Robert Pinkerton, head of the great de
tective firm, arrived in the city Thursday
and is now staying at the Palace. He Is
here on one of his regular tours of inspec
tion, during which he visits his agencies
in the different cities of the West.
SIGNS OF EARLY
BREAKUP IN THE
ISLAND FORCES
Returned Volunteers
to Be Discharged.
A significant order issued from the War
Department Is just being acted upon out
here. It directs the discharge of all vol
unteers who may be in the country or
who may hereafter arrive, and as a con
sequence the Presidfo surgeons are hard
at work examining men previous to the'r
discharge from' the service. There are
about fifty volunteers at the Presidio fit
for duty, and all these will have to go.
After they have been discharged those
not physically fit for duty will be dis
charged on surgeons' certificates of dis
ability.
The new order can mean nothing else
than the gradual disintegration of the
volunteer regiments. It was supposed
that when a man had been ordered home
on sick- leave he would be sent back to
his regiment as soon as he had been cured
of his disability, 1 but under the new order
he will be discharged at once. This will
do away with the convalescent company
at the Presidio and also with a large
number of casuals who have been taken
from the hospitals as fit for duty and
were waiting to be returned to their com
mands in the islands.
Another significant manipulation of the
men seems to show that within a short
time five of the regiments now in the
islands will be returned home. It has
been ordered that no more men of the
Fourteenth, Eighteenth and Twenty-third
Infantry, the Fourth Cavalry and the
Third Artillery shall be sent to the Phil
ippines. That means that every time a
man comes home from those regiments
he shall be kept at the post, even if he
be fit for duty again, and this is taken
to point to the early return of these regi
ments. They were among the first to go
to the islands and it is more than prob
able they will be the first to return. With
the order regarding volunteers taken with
this, it begins to look as if there were
some radical changes soon to be made in
the forces in the Philippines.
It has just been discovered that th«
general hospital at the Presidio is a post
all by itself. The general hospital is
something new in the way of its kind,
for heretofore all the Government has had
to deal with has been the post hospital.
Returns from a post hospital are made
to post headquarters and there is no other
office work required, but with the fact
that the general hospital is a post by
itself comes also the fact that all post
returns are expected from It. and these
army headquarters has exacted from the
time qf the opening of the Institution.
As a result, Steward Gmnam and Private
Leggeman have been set at back records
and they are bringing the returns up to
date. The designation of the general hos
pital as a post Is of very recent occur
rence, and owing to the many changes
in its, patients, which must be noted just
as if they were part of the garrison, it
entails an untold amount of work.
of manslaughter In Judge Lawlor*s court
yesterday. The Jury accepted the theory
that Richardson acted without malic*
when he shot his wife, and found a ver
dict in accordance.
A BANKRUPTCY LAW
THE Federal constitution gives to Congress the
power "to establish uniform laws on the sub
ject of bankruptcies throughout the United
States."
Decisions covering and construing this grant of
power have been made by the Federal courts in the
cases of Sturges vs. Crowninshield, McMillan, vs. Mc-
Neill, Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank vs. Smith, Og-,
den vs. Sanders, and many others. According to
these several judicial constructions the States may
pass bankrupt laws, provided they do not impair the
obligation' of contracts, which the constitution for
bids to the States, and provided there be no act of
Congress in force to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy in conflict with such State laws. But an
act of a State Legislature which discharges a debtor
from all liability for debts contracted previous to his
discharge, on his surrendering his property for the
benefit of his creditors, is invalid so far as it attempts
to discharge the contract. A mere law of insolvency,
however, is not prohibited to the States. From this
digest of the decisions it will be seen* that under the
constitution the States are incapacitated for dealing
efficiently with the question of bankruptcy, -since to
make such act effective it must relieve the insolvent
of the obligation of contracts involved in his bank
ruptcy. .
It has been the practice of Congress to pass a uni
form bankruptcy law after each of our general finan
cial and business panics. Such panics catch and ruin,
as a rule, the enterprising and energetic business men
of the community, since that class are the borrowers
of capital and keep it active in those business ven
tures and investments which are the life of trade and
commerce. When this class fall into insolvency,
through no fault of their own; but as the result of
that general lo«s of confidence which causes a panic,
if there is provided no relief from their obligations
the community suffers through the paralysis of these
business energies. They cannot go into trade nor re
turn to gainful activities, because old scores stand
against them, and what gains they may make are sub
ject to seizure to pay on "dead horse."
In a majority of cases, if they have legal relief, their
credit is susceptible of restoration and their enterprise
can be again employed in business. The principle
upon which this is done is as old as the commercial
exchange among men. The "jubilee" provision for
Israel established by Moses was a general bankruptcy
law. Every code provided for man in organized so
ciety has recognized the need of such provision and
has supplied it.
In 1898 Cpngress passed a general bankruptcy act.
to which there seem to be objections which have
caused a demand for amendment. Our information
so far obtained seems to establish the fact that there
is a quite general disinclination to take advantage. of
the statute. The merchants of this coast have re
cently sought to secure organized action for amend
ment, and Senator Perkins has introduced a bill to
amend section 20 of the act, which relates to the oaths
required in the judicial proceedings: and section 34,
which provides for the appointment and removal of
referees and fixes their districts; and section 38, which
defines the jurisdiction of referees; and subdivision B
of section 64, which relates to the debts of the bank
lupt which shall have priority. As the latter pro
vision is of importance, since it provides a system
of preferred creditors, it may be interesting to our
readers to quote it in full: "The debts to have
priority and to be paid in full out of bankrupt es
tates and the order of payment shall be — 1. The ac
tual and necessary cost of preserving the estate sub
sequent to filing the petition. 2. The filing fees paid
by creditors in involuntary, cases. 3. The cost of ad
ministration, including the fees and mileage paid ro
witnesses as now or hereafter provided by the laws
of the United States, and one reasonable attorney's
fee for the professional services actually rendered, ir
respective of the number of attorneys employed, to
the petitioning creditors in involuntary cases, to the
bankrupt in involuntary cases while performing the
duties herein required, and to the bankrupt in volun
tary cases, as the court may allow. 4. Wages due
workmen, clerks or servants, which have been earned
within three months before the date of the commence
ment of proceedings, not to exceed $300 to each
claimant. 5. Debts owing to an 3' person who by the
laws of the States or of the United States is entitled to
As we have not received the text of Senator Per
kins' bill we are not aware of the particulars in
which it amends the sections and the subdivisions to
which it applies. We assume, however, that it applies
to the objectionable features of the statute, which
may have heretofore hampered its application to the
conditions which it is intended to deal with. ¦ '
The bankruptcy law which followed the panic of
1873 was very beneficial to the business interests of
the country.
The law of 1898 is not self-limiting. Heretofore
there have been some objections to a standing,
statute on the subject, lest its permanence, being of
necessity a law in impairment of contracts, might in
terfere with the freedom of contract, and all business
operations rest upon contract, express or implied.
But whatever in the existing act hinders resort to
it should be removed. The country is full of busi
ness men who under compulsion refrain from enter
ing upon the activities of revived trade, since their
insolvency has destroyed their credit, and with their
debts hanging over them, and payment for "dead
horse" in prospect before they can get any benefit
from their enterprise, they have to see their active
years* pass by unused.
npHB question of the fortification or
I the non-fortification of the proposed
I Nicaraguan canal has provoked a dis
cussion , which seems to promise al
most as many laughable utterances by
civilians as any military problem usually
will. But civilians are not provoking all
the mirth— not by. any means. In its non
fortification the certainty of the canal
being maintained as a free passage for
our navy at all times lies. We are not—
or at least we ought not to be— concerned
as to whether its construction will give
the ships of war of Germany, Britain,
France or -Russia an advantageous
"road" to the Orient. -If. they choose to
use it it is sensible and easy enough to
make them pay well for the privilege.
Suppose we consider the matter for a
moment: The fortification of the canal
implies the fortifying of its entire" length.
Making that statement, I happen to be
in diagonal opposition to Mr. Ambrose
Bierce, by far the ablest writer on mat
ters military contributing to any of the
papers that are at present trembling.hys
terically for the "safety of thi3 slope."
Before showing clearly how Mr, Bierce
errs in his statement that fortification of
the mouths of the canal is essential for
the protection of our interests, I wish to
pay him this tribute: I would rather have
his opinion on a military matter than that
of nearly every capable authority on sub
jects of this nature of whom I know. He
is able and clear headed, and If he is un
able to argue convincingly for "fortifica
tion" it will be pretty difficult for its pro
tagonists to find one who can.
But to the point. The fortification of
the entrances alone means Isolated fort
resses. What military man is there who
is not aware of the Initial truth that iso
lated defense Is a weakness when relief
is difficult or cannot be accorded? This
is a general principle of strategy, the law 3
of which are, as Mr. Bierce says, quite
immutable. Those who know nothing of
the art have but to look to South Africa
to-day for examples. Suppose, then, that
we fortify and garrison each entrance to
the canal; even the civilian can see that
a navy strong enough to repel our own
can escort a land force equal to the task
of reducing our fortifications if we have
no line of communication that we are
able to keep open. How shall we main
tain our communication? Is a march from
Florida suggested? Plainly, that Is ab
surd, and in the face of a superior navy
the landing of any. supporting land force
is impracticable. The truth is that un
less the navy can successfully cope with
the navy of the country that desires, to
use the canal against our wishes nothing
but the fortification of Its entire length
will avail. I suppose there is no one who
will seriously advocate this latter plan.
For the purpose of discomfiting the "for
tifying" gentlemen who hold opposite
SHOULD THE NICARAGUA CANAL BE FORTIFIED?
By WILLIAM C. BOYNS.
views. I will allow Mr. Blerce himself to
show the folly of their, proposals hlmself.
On the 11th inst. he wrote:
"The Nicaraguan canal will need forti
fications at its mouths only; without them
It will virtually belong to the strongest
naval power. If we should happen to be
at war with that power It would cut our
navy in two and destroy It one-half at a
time." ••;••»"" !».' *
Very well, my friend, having done that
would that nation then land a force and
do to our fortifications what a skilled tac
tician in command of a fairly strong army
would have done to Shatter's command
before Santiago, viz., destroy the outfit.
Shatter merely left his left flank ana rear
at the mercy of the enemy; the "forti
fications" gentlemen evidently want -to
leave both flanks and rear open, which Is,
of course, military Intelligence of high
degree.
But let us on. Having fortified the
mouths of the canal "to his great con
tent." Mr. Bierce says on the ISth inst.. In
apostrophising the members of the Sen
ate in a strain dellciously tragic:
"Let us contemplate the possibility of a
hostile fleet of battle-ships and cruisers,
their sides still clouded with the signs
of successful combat, with our own, pre
senting themselves at the Caribbean or
trance to the catal for transit to the Pa
cific. Are you prepared to ask our look
men to help them through, as under this
abominable treaty they would be com
pelled to do? Have you the hardihood to
demand that America's enemies, red
handed with American blood, shall be as
sisted to where they can easily destroy
American ships, American cities, Ameri
can men, women and children? Is.lt not
asking too much?" .: ';¦.¦,.. '•
Such a vividly terrible spectacle is sure
ly enough to compel any legislative as
sembly to have pause, and verily It is
"enough to* compel a Judas to repent. Mj*
good sir, in our proposed contemplation
of these horrors indubitably our "lock
men" would have to do what they wera
ordered to do by the enemy unless they
preferred that the enemy do it hlnself.
Truly, if the canal were fortified for its
entire length they might hold out for a
much longer period, but as suggested
above it is highly probable that none tn
tertalns such a project for a moment.' It
is true that Admiral Philip has discusted
the matter, but I am afraid the distin
guished seaman is slightly more of a
dreamer than a thinker. He is one of the
beings who in all seriousness believe that
humanity may easily be on terms of
famiUarity with the Creator. But that is
another story.
And now let us see what the risks of
freedom of transit minus fortifications ar :.
An effective treaty is made with each of
the great powers guaranteeing the J neu
trality of the canal for, say, fifty years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1900.
It Is of necessity, strictly kept. Why? a
guarantee of the independence of Switzer
land exists, does it not? Where Is the
idler who will suggest that it may be
tampered with by any one or two nation*
at pleasure? Belgium, too, is satre.i
ground What powers will dare under.tar
to disturb its right to existence? Treaty
having waterways for the subjects can b«
made quite as binding as those havtrg
reference to affairs on land. IndubltabH-
Great Britain would seize Delagoa Bay
to-day did she dare. But Europe will
have none of It. Moreover, it Is well t
remember when discussing the passage
through the canal of a fleet bent on Vm
bombardment of Pacific Coast cities that
a navy In a canal is wofully handicapr»<i.
Half a dozen "destroyers," sensibly dis
posed at each entrance in time of the now
dreamed of "danger." would seriously !r
terfere with the passage of ships, it mat
ters not how many they might be. Th*v
are compelled to steam slowly and in * Ir.
dian file-"
Then again these wonderfully lllogi~;>;
warriors on fortification bent seem to
tlrely to forget that all the great powers
have fortified coaling stations in the
Orient and that they all maintain power
ful fleets there. Great Britain, of course,
is already on this coast and Germany la
as close at home as Samoa. Where then
would be the object of sending ships to
this coast via the canal?
Really nothing quite so funny, from ar.
intelligent military standpoint, has ap
peared as this fuss about "fortification"
since Captain A. T. Mahan gravely as
sured the Senate that a fleet of ships at
the Hawaiian Islands would "severely
hamper if It did not destroy any attempt
at the Invasion of the Pacific Slope of
the United States." 1
That morceau of intelligence eausM
competent men the world over to smile
broadly, for it is well known that the in
vasion of the Pacific Slope of the United
States is a military impossibility excep;
through the grace of the nation holding
Canada or Mexico. And if there be an
instructor at West Point who Is not ava:^
of that truth the more quickly he is re
moved from duty the better will It ba fnr
his country. The warriors who doubt th! 3
statement might confer a great favor by
preparing plans of campaign having the
successful accomplishment of that pur
pose in view and file them at the office
of the Army and Navy Gazette. That
Journal would then, doubtless, issue a
special comic supplement for their ex
clusive publication.
Let us then build, with all confidence,
our hlghwaterway; it will stimulate prin
cipally our own commerce; it will aia our
ship-buildine Interests greatly; let the
whole world use It If they are willing
to pay fairly for the privilege, and let us
banish these silly notions of "danger"
and the Idea that the canal will "doubla
the effectiveness of our navy."
SATU RDAY. .... ...-'. FEBRUARY 24, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
FI'ULICATIOX OFFICE. .3lnrUet md Third. S. F.
Telephone Main ISUS.
r.niTOKI.IL HOOMS. . . .217 (0 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1574.
Delivered »ty Currier*. 15 Cent* Per WoeU.
Mncle Cnpleii. 5 Cento.
Term* t»» Mull. Inplndlns Postasret
DAILY CAI.I. <tnolaritnir Snnilar), one yen r . . Krt.no
rvtILV CALX Mnrlndlns Snnilaj), «( mnnthK.. S.OI
DAILY OAIX (tnclndlnir Jiandan. 3 month*.. 1 .•">«•
DAILY CALt, Mr Mn K !r Month «!•"<¦
M M)O CALL One Venr IJU*
Wi;EKLI CALL, One Venr l.O»
AH posttuaiatern nre nnthorlxed to receive
¦ nbncrlption*.
ftmplf coptefi will be forwarded wben reaneated
OAULAMJ OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. CEORGK KItOGAESS.
SlHaagrr Forelffn A<l«rr(l»lna. >Inr«aette Build
in*. Chicago.
NEW YORK COKItISSPOXDKVTi
C. U CAULTO.\ Ileru ld S«onr«
CIIICACJO SEWS STANDS:
Mierrunn llou»rs P. O. New* Co.: Great North
ern Hotel: Freinont Houo.fi Anditorlun Hotel.
¦ *¦ ¦ ¦
XEW YOUR SEWS STAXDSi
\»<il.!urf-A«iorl» Hotel: A. Urentano. 31 Colon
fcuuare; Mui'ra) Hill Hotel.
M2W VOHK aEPKESEXTATITEi
I'LIIIU IX'I&BKS Jll •£» Tribune lluil.llnz
\VASIII\GIOX <D. C> OFFlCE.. Wellington notel
• J. V. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRAM'Ii OFFICKS— O27 Blontiromery. corner of
Clay, open until !l:30 o'clock. 800 Hayen.
•pen until !>:;i« o'clock. «»:::» SlcAlllnter. open
until :»-.::<• o'clock. Ul5 Larkin. open nntll
OISO o'clock. U»-J1 Mlanlon. open ; ntll IV
ii'i'liicL. ~-<SI Market, corner sixteenth, open
until S* o'clock. IOU*I Valrucla. open until ¦'»
o'clock:. IOU Eleventh, open nntll 1» o'clock.
XW. corner Tnrenty-»eeon«l and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock. - " •"' ¦
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "Kobin Hood."
Grand Opera-house — Symphony Concert Thursday After-
Alhatr.L-ra—JefTnef-Kharkey Contest Picture*.
Alcazar — "Tbe Prodigal Father."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville erery afternoon and
iuaiiliig-
Oiymr'.a. corner of Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Westtrn Tuif Association— Races to-day.
6Beat His Divorced Wife
Mrs. Amelia :i Marcowita. 429 Larkin
street, ;Bwore; to a, complaint -in Judge
CabanissV court } yesterday for j the ' arrest
of- her ' divorced '- husband, Henry Marco
witz, on the charge of battery. - They were
divorced three weeks agoi and she got the
custody of the two children. He went to
her ! room '¦ Thursday • night " and asked her
to live • with - him ¦; again \ and : because * she
refused : he ¦; knocked • her down ax.d gave
her a severe beating. A few day». ago he
threatened •to kill her.
A complete history of the
Senatorial elections of Califor
nia will appear in next. Sun
day's Call, together . with
photographs of the Senators.
This article will he worthy of
preservation^ by every citizen
of the. Golden State.
CHUTESJND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-DAY, CHILDREN'S DAY I
CONCESSIONS FEEE BEFORE 2:30 P. M.
TO-NIGHT, After the Regular Performance.
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALKING CONTEST !
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE PA-
CIFIC COAST.
20— ALL-STAR WALKERS— 2O
Watch for the ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN.
Phone for Seats ......PARK 23
ROBBERS BOLD
SECURE MONEY
AND JEWELRY
Daring Hold-Up on
Bryant Street.
Frank Connell. an employe of the South
ern Pacific Company, who lives at 3C3
Grove street, was held up by two men at
Seventh and Bryant streets a few nights
ago and robbed of $271 and a gold watch
and chain. The robbers wore masks and
were armed with long revolvers.
The victim of the daring hold-up had
returned from San Jose on a freight train
and was on his way home when confront
ed by the robbers. One of them, in lan
guage more forcible than elegant, ordered
him to throw up his hands under penalty
of being made a subject for the Coroner.
After gazing at the two revolvers which
were menacingly pointed at him. Conneli.
realizing that the men meant business,
obeyed the command. - - \l r
The robber who acted as spokesman
then passed his pistol to his companion
and at once proceeded to search his vic
tim In Connell's inside vest pock«t he
found a bunch of bills, aggregating J271.
which the robber appropriated as well as
a gold watch, which Connell prized dearly
on account of its being an heirloom. After
°arJKVsln£' to Connell for taking the
tlroeolece the men ordered him to ?< «ef
nrmHW being riddled with bullets. Evl
aenU?2aa K*e£ape with his life. Comiell
lost no time in leaving the scene.
Hoping to head off the highwaymen.
Connell ran along Bryant street, and,
meeting Police Officers Koegel and Tracy,
he hastily told them of what had occurred.
Tliey made a thorough search of the vi
cinity, but without getting a trace of the
men. They, however found the mask
which one of the robbers had used, a
short distance from the scene of the
Connell describes the man who ordered
him to throw up his hands as being about
5 , feet 10 inches In height. He wore a
black coat and a black derby hat and
weighed about*l7o pounds. The other was
THE LAUGHING MATINEE TO-DAY
A-ND LAST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
WHO IS WHO.
THAT VERY FUNNY FARCE COMEDY.
10-MOHROW, Sunday, AFTERNOON,
MR. H. R. kOBERTS,
In His Great Creation,
"THE SILENCE OF DEAN MJITLAND."
Wednesday. Feb. 2S. and three following nljrhts,
and Saturday Matinee — MAGGIE MOORE'S
Re*pj>**raiTC<\ in Clifford Robertson's Fa-
rr. ¦-¦.:< Musics 1 Irish Comedy,
MRS. -:- Q U I N N ' S -:- TWIN 8."
Especially Written for and Played by Har.
AMUSEMEirrS.
AMUSEMENTS.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
LAST FOUR TIMES.
.... BE SURE YOU SEE THEM ....
YOUR ONLY CHANCE.
MATINEE TO-DAY. TO-XIGHT, TO-MOR-
ROW (SUNDAY) MATINEE AND
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
_„.. JEFFRIES=
CONTEST PICTURES
IMPORTANT t
This Theater will remain closed for two
weeks commencing Monday, February 16, to
allow for Kxtenslve Stage Improvements.
NEXT— "HAVE TOU SEEN SMITH?"
THE FRIEND OF MICHAEL ANGELO.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES F"OR GIRLS.
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN
XL— VITTURIA COLONNA.
(1490-1547.)
Those who remember the prominent
dates of history through their association
with other Important events will be as
sisted In remembering the time of Vit
toria Colonna, the celebrated Italian
woman poet, by bearing In mind that she
was contemporary with the three great
forces which brought about the Renais
sance—viz.: The spirit of adventure which
bore fruit in the time of Columbus, the
invention of printing and the < consequent
revival of classic learning: She was born
just two years before Columbus discover
ed America; she was the friend of-Tasso
and his literary constituency, and she so
softened by their friendship the tempera
ment and work of the rugged Michael An
gelo that, her Influence . wa3 Indelibly
stamped upon the maturer work of this
king among artists. ¦
At the time of Vittoria Colonna's birth
(1490) the family estates, already very
large, had been greatly enriched by a gift
many of her husband's Imperfections.
His last achievement, however, strained
even her loyalty. As general-ln-chlef of
the armies of Lombardy (at the age of 35)
he betrayed his allies in a treacherous
plot which he had originated against the
Emperor Charles V. As a reward for his
infamy he was accorded the rank of gen
eralissimo of the- imperial force* In Italy,
a gratification which he did not live to
enjoy for a year. When Vittoria heard
rumors of her husband's base part In this
transaction she wrote him a letter be
seeching him to abandon the project, in
sisting that she would far rather be the
wife of a loyal and upright man than of
a king. By the time this letter reached
I Pescara he was already beginning to feel
! disastr.ous*effetts from his three wounds
|at Pa via, which, combined with the un
easiness consequent upon his treachery,
I caused this Italian Benedict Arnold to ex
perience a sudden and premature falling
away of his strength. In alarm he sent
for his wife, whom he had not seen In
three years, but while hastening to Join
him she was met with the news of his
death.
manifest or other memorandum, as herein
provided, shall subject such railroad or
steamboat company, carrier, express com
pany or corporation or person to a penalty
of $50 for each offense, and no such bill
of lading, manifest or other memorandum
shall be used in evidence unless it be duly
stamped as aforesaid."
The decision in the case now under con
sideration turns on the proper construc
tion of schedule A. quoted above. It will
be observed that it is the duty of the com
mon carrier to issue to the shipper a bill
of lading or other evidence of receipt, a
¦ legal receipt, which Ms a stamped . receipt
If the common carrier should refuse to
lasue a stamped receipt, It must pay a pen
alty of $50 for each offense. When we find
that Congress has tn such a case provided
that for violation of this enactment liabil
ity In the sum of $50 Fhall attach, the in
ference is irresistible that a penalty was
* intended to be imposed on the common car
rier and not the shipper.
It is plain to me that it Is the Intention of
Congress to require the express companies
to deliver to the person offering for ship
ment any goods or packages, a receipt for
the same, and it requires *ald receipt to
have attached to It a revenue stamp of 1
cent. It is the duty of the express com
pany to deliver to such shipper a full and
complete receipt; and a receipt would not
be full and complete or legal unless It had
attached to It a canceled revenue stamp of
the value of 1 cent.
It is true that the express company, the
defendant, has a right to determine within
reasonable limits what Its charges would
be for the transportation of goods through
its office, but the right to determine and
make reasonaable charges for transportation
of goods is. in my opinion, a different thing
from the increase of rates which has hith
erto been deemed reasonable for the pur
pose of evading the payment of the tax
directed by Congress for the raising of rev
enue for carrying on the war.
No Encouragement for Evasion.
I do not believe under any view that may
be taken of the law, that liny court could
properly encourage any person or corpora
tion in thus evading a duty which is clear
ly Imposed on it by the act of Congress.
It may be burdensome upon the defendant
to have to pay the tax. But as it is Im
posed clearly by the lawmaklng power, it
is the duty of the court regardless of con
sequence! to enforce it.
It is admitted, and It is conclusive so far
as this action Is concerned, that the charge
of SO cents was tendered by the plaintiff,
and It is conceded by the pleadings that
such charge was the regular and usual
charge for such services.
What these principles and rules are. and
what the result of their application here,
are already determined so far as this court
Is concerned. The Superior Court has
spoken, and I am bound by its decision.
In Costley vs. Wells-Farffo. No. 7610. Jus
tice Court affirmed by Judge Troutt, Oc
tober 22, 1S98; also opinion of Superior Court
of Michigan, affirming Judgment of the
court below; the foregoing decisions are
overwhelmingly to the point as to which I
cite them, namely, that it is the duty of
the express company to furnish a proper
legal stamped' receipt. It Is evident that
the express company Is obliged to affix the
stamp and pay the tax. ' The words seem
so plain as not to need any authority.
Judgment for the plaintiff for $10 and
costs.
WELLS-FARGO MUST OBEY
THE WAR REVENUE LAWS
it n . i i
Judge Barry Again
Decides in Favor
of the People.
Avaricious Corporation
Cannot Legally In
crease Rates.
WELLS, FARGO & CO. have
again met defeat in their effort
to evade the burden Imposed
upon the corporation as a com
mon carrier under the provis
ions of the war revenue laws. Ever since
the enactment of these laws litigation, In
which Wells, Fargo & Co. appeared as de
fendants, and In which the plaintiffs went
Into court to combat the shifting of this
burden upon their shoulders, has dragged
Its weary length through the, tiresome
and endless technicalities of the law.
Each time the defendant corporation met
defeat and Its duty toward the people
and the Government was pointed out to
it anew. With that persistence, however,
which Is born of avarice, it continued to
defy the law, as litigation. If. properly
handled, is cheaper than obedience to the
mandates of the contested statutes.
Justice of the Peace Barry yesterday
handed down an opinion In the case of
G. B. Benham against Wells, Fargo &
Co., which was Instituted to recover, dam
ages for the refusal of the corporation to
accept a package for shipment without
there was first affixed to the manifest,
evidencing the transaction, a revenue
stamp, as required by law. In his opinion
Judge Barry sustained his decision here
tofore rendered in the case of Costley
against the corporation, and ordered that
Judgment be entered in favor of the plain
tiff for $10 and costs of action. ! Judge
Barry holds that the corporation Is con
clusively responsible for the payment of
the tax, and that the law makes it man
datory upon the corporation to bear this
burden and not shift it upon the shoulders
of Its patrons, "for the words seem so
plain as not to need any authority."
Cannot Raise the Bates.
Although the point was not m issue In
the case at bar, Judge Barry virtually
decides that • the threat of the company
to raise its rates for the transportation
of goods if forced to pay the war tax, in
order to "evade the duty imposed upon
it by act of Congress," is plainly illegal,
and says that this course could not prop
erly be encouraged by any court in the
land. Judge Barry's decision reads:
This Is an action by O. B. Benham
against Wells, Fargo & Co.. common car
riers, engaged in the business of carrying
freight, goods and merchandise to and from
different parts of the State of California.
The question Involved, outside of the ques
tion of damages, is as to the construction
of schedule A of the war revenue law of
the United States of 1898, entitled "An
act to provide ways and means to meet
war expenditure, and for other purposes,
approved June 18. 1898," which reads as fol
"Express and freight— lt shall be the duty
of every railroad or steamboat company,
carrier, express companyjor corporations or
persons whose occupations are to act as
such, to Issue to the shipper or consignor,
or his agent, or person from whom any
goods are accepted for transportation, a
bill of lading, manifest, or other evidence
of receipt and forwarding for each ship
ment received for carriage and transporta
tion, whether in bulk or in boxes, bales or
bundles,- or not so enclosed or Inclosed;
and there shall be duly attached and can
celed as Is In this act provided, to each
,of said bills of lading, manifest or memor
andum, and to each duplicate thereof, a
stamp of the value of 1 cent.
"Provided, that but one bill of lading
shall be required on bundles or packages
of newspapers when Inclosed In one gen
eral bundle at the time of shipment.
Penalty for Non-Obedience.
"Any failure to Issue such bill of lading.
KEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON BTS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to fl to day;
KtoK week; (8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and oold water every room; Or* grates la tvery
room; elevator runs all night.
The Weekly Call
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
Swallowed Morphine.
'.-"- Dot* Lyons * was, taken from her room In
a' house on Berry] placed and Grant avenue
earlyiyesterday morning , to ; the ; Receiving
Hospital . suffering from morphine . poison
ing. ; She claimed that^ It .was * accidental
and ' waa soon ¦ pronounced ; out of danger.
She attempted . to commit suicide In . New
York five years ago. •
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
FOURTH MEETING, Feb. 12 to 24, inclusive.
81x htgrb-class running races every week
day. rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America, Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad 'cars Into
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, .. where,
comfortably housed In bad' weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of. tile races.
Trains leave Third and Towngend streets at
9:00, 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15, 12:35, 12:50
and 1:25 P- '¦ m - returning Immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. ICo smok-
ing. Valencia street. minutes later/
Ban Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 11:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:4S p. ra.
RATES — San Francisco to Tanforan' and re-
turn Including admission to track, f I 25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
T. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
ALWAYS "(CROWDED.
LAST TWO MGHT6.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
THE PRODIGAL
FATHERS
15c, 25c R ii A^ ED 35c, 50c.
NextWeek— THE NEW SOOTH.
Next Symphony, Concert.
The fourth of the series of % symphony
concerts . under the direction of Henry
Holmes will take place at the Grand
Opera-house next Thursday afternoon at
3-15 sharp. The programme, the best yet
offered, is as follows: Overture, VFtn
gal's Cave" (Mendelssohn) ; symphony In
, Op. 61 (Schumann); symphonic poem,'
"Dance Macabre" (Saint Saens); overture.
"Oberon" (Weber). The sale of seats will
begin this morning at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s at 9 o'clock. :
IMed From His Injuries.
John Lane, who was Injured at the Un-
ion Iron Works on last Wednesday, died
last night at the City and County Hos-
pital.
Don't You Want a Carpet?
A very, good carpet at a very low figure?
Of course you do. And, of course, there Is
just one place where these two elements
agree. That is the Indianapolis Furniture
Company, 750 Mission street. •
"The Proof of the Pudding."
If you don't believe the balance of the old
saw, co to Zlnkand's and eat one of those fam-
ous dinners. .. ¦ . . .¦_.-,<-;: •
*TIVOLI*
•'HOOT MON, THEY CANNA RESIST ME!"
M^TIXEg TO-DAY AT 1
AND 48th TIME TO-NIGHT
Of the Record-Breakln* Comic Opera
THE
Evenir.r* *t 6. Matlne* Saturday at 1.
PLPUL.AR PRlCfcS— 2sc and 50c.
Telephone Bush*.
Walhalla's Anniversary.
¦Walhalla Lodge of tha Rebekah branch
of the Odd Fellows will this evening cele-
brate the twelfth anniversary of Its insti-
tution by an entertainment and ball In
the banquet-hall of the Odd Fallows'
building 1 .
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), Feb. 24.
Parquet 25c, any seat; Balcony 10c, any
seat; Children 10c, any part.
A REMARKABLE BILL OF ALL GOOD THIN6S
KATHRTN OETERMAN AND COMPANY.
HARRIS & FIELDS; DE WITT A BURNS;
HAPPT FANNY FIELDS: CUSHMAN.
HOLCOMBE A CURTIS; MONROE A MACK;
DEETS A DON: ROMALO BROTHERS;
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. % ;
COLUMBIAvSb
Last I Performances the Famous
BOSTONIANS.
MATINEE TO-DA.Y.
TO-NIGHT. FAREWELL!
"ROBIN HOOP."
Beg. NEXT~MONDAY.
DENMAN THOMPSON
AND an Entirely New Production of
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
SEATS NOW SELLING
GRAND OPERA-fIODSE-Special.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, Marchl.at 3:15
FOURTH
Grand Symphony Concert
Under the Direction of
HENRY HOLMES.
70 .MUSICIANS IN THE ORCHESTRA-
Reserved Seats— Bsc, 80c. 75c, $1 and $1 50.
Sale begins at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s THIS
(SATURDAY) MORNINO, at 9 o'clock.
Unionized newspapers Preferred.
The Labor Council at Its meeting last
night adopted the following resolutions
and appointed a committee of ten to pre
sent the same to the Supervisors at their
meeting on Monday:
Whereas, The clerk of the Board of Super
visors, tn advertising for bids from newspapers
to do the city printing, let It be known that
bids would not be received from any news
paper that Is not entitled to use the label of
the Allied Printing Trades Council; and.
whereas, the Board of Supervisors at an ad
journed meeting last Wednesday evening In
structed the clerk to readvertise for bids from
non-union newspapers: therefore be, it
Resolved, By the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil that we protest against this action and de
mand that no paper not entitled to use the
union label be selected as the official paper of
this city and county.
Resolved further. That the Mayor and the
Board of Supervisors be furnished with a copy
of these resolutions.
The delegates from the Coppersmiths'
Union complained of the action of the
heads of the Union Iron Works for adver
tising for coppersmiths In the Eastern
States and when they got a sufficient
number here they discharged the old
bands who have been Identified with the
union.* As a solution of the trouble It
was decided that the subject matter be
referred to the law and legislative com
mittee with instruction to urge a bill be
fore Congress requesting that all Govern
ment work be done in Government yards.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERMODSE
TELEPHOXE MAIN 532.
CROWDED EVERT NIOHT.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Immense Success of the Third Edition of
DON'T MISS THE IRISH CAKEWALK.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES. , .
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at Thurs-
day and Saturday Matinee, 2S cents.
Branch Ticket O/flce, Emporium.
about 5 feet 6 Inches tall and weighed
about 135 pounds. He waa dressed In a
dark suit of clothes and also wore a derby
hat. Both men had their coats buttoned
up to their chins.
Immediately after the robbery was re
ported at police headquarters several de
tectives were sent to arrest the pair. Ac
companied by Connell, they visited the
water front, expecting that the robbers
would attempt. to leave the city. After
waiting some time Connell espied a man
whom ne thought was one of the Individ
uals who held him up. He was taken into
custody and at once removed In the patrol
wagon to police headquarters, where he
was recognized by Detectives Ryan and
O*Dea of the Southern Station as "Jack"
Ennis, an all-around crook. Notwith
standing that Connell was almost positive
that Ennis was one of the robbers, the
suspect proved that he was In the City
and County Hospital, visiting a <«lck
friend, at the time of the holdup. He.was
then allowed to go after being told that
his presence was not desired In this city.
At the agre of 38 the Marchioness of Pes
cara, always better known by her maiden
name of Vlttorla Colonna, became a
widow and spent the next ten years of
her life tn writing poems of despair.
While these sonnets show a great Im
provement over those written to while
away the time In her Ischian retreat— as
all work gains in strength under sorrow's
stern discipline — they still lacked the
forceful hand of a great poet. One hundred
anil thirty-four in all. the changes are
rung with amazing ingenuity upon the
virtues of the ferocious Pescara. one son
net even going so far as to express the
widow's metrical fear that she might not
be sufficiently prepared to be admitted
into the same heaven with her incom
parable spouse. Those who bring heavily
the charge of insincerity against these
poems, which were eagerly awaited by
the literary populace and jealously handed
from king to cardinal, must remembT
that at this time the sonnet, despite Us
artificial restrictions, was the acknowl
edged vehicle of the thought of the day:
that the lothsome details of Pescara's
cruelty probably never pierced the insu
lar solitude of Ischia, and that Vittoria,
who had seen her husband but seldom
since he became a professional warrior,
lived largely upon her memories of their
romantic youth.
During the latter part of her life the
Marchioness became deeply interested in
the more progressive religious views stir
ring through intellectual Europe, and her
later sonnets known as the "Rime Epirltu
ale" show plainly the broadening touch of
the renaissance. Several medals which were
struck of her at this time show her In the
full bloom of her power and attest the
adoration of Italy. She lived to see threa
editions of her poems published, copies of
her sonnets being as eagerly sought as fH
the book of the day In our circulating li
brary. She was, however, utterly un
spoiled by the adulation of the contempo
rary poets, wits, diplomatists and other
officers of state or church, because her
mind was set upon higher things.
The last ten years of her life were hal
lowed by the pure friendship of Michael
Angelo. The grace and delicacy of Vit
toria's earlier sonnets now gained In fores
and Inspired the great arist to wield th«
poet's pen with the same boldness with
which he had used the chisel and the
brush. She also did much to soften tha
harshness of the artist's religious views,
and his biographers record with satisfac
tion that the last few years of his embit
tered life were sweetened by the compan
ionship of so noble a woman. One of
Michael Angelo's sonnets pays this appre
ciative tribute to her benignant Influence:
If it be true that any beauteous thing
Raises the pur* and just desire of man
From earth to God. the Eternal Fount of all.
Such I believe my love; for as tn har
So fair. In whom I all besides forget,
I view the gentle work of her Creator—
I have no care for any other thins
'Whilst th«e I love.
Dissensions In the Eternal City. !n
which the Colonna chiefs took up arms
against the Pope, combined with the pre
mature death of her adopted son. tha
Marquis del Vasto. so preyed upon Vlt
torla Colonna's strength that she went fn
to the retirement of a convent as stre had
done at the time of her husband's death.
Here. In the convent of St. Anne, she died
In 1547. In the fifty-seventh year of her
age. She was attended to the last by her
faflhful comrade. Michael Angelo. whet*
remaining years were lived In the memory
of this most honorable friendship.
1 In these days Vittoria' Colonna s grace
ful and polished poetry would scarcely
gain acceptance In the current magazines,
for it lacked the originality and creatlva
force of genius. Nevertheless It was qu!t«
on a par with the work of Taxso and his
contemporaries, and was closely modeled
after the work of her master, Petrarch.
Judged by the standards of the time,
which polished the shell at the expense of
the kernel, her sonnets proved the one
point of unanimity hi faction-split Italy,
which accorded her numberless ovations
and the title of the divine In poetry, with
the same enthusiasm with which it bo
stowed upon her contemporary, Raphael,
the title of the divine In, art. n
of many beautiful towns and castles from
Martin, the- Colonna Pope, a great-uncle
of Vlttorla's father. It waa in one of
these newly acquired strongholds, the
castle of Gondolfo, whose wooded heights
overlooked the lake of Albano and the
picturesquely walled but gloomy town of
Marino, that the baby Vlttorla was born.
She was not destined, however, to remain
long in this feudal retreat, where the tur
bulent Colonnas aad their kindred, the
Orsinls, raided and harried each other's
fiefs, much In the manner of the bor
der warriors of Scotland. .'.'-{
In order to cement more firmly the
shifting alletriance which the princely
Colonnas had sworn to Ferdinand, King
of Aragon, this monarch arranged a mar
riage between Vittoria, then a child of 4
years, and his subject, Ferdinand d'Ava
los, son of the Marquis of Pescara. a lit
tle boy of her own age. As this childish
betrothal was decided upon with about as
much sentiment as a feudal lord would
display In bartering hU serfs, it is rather
surprising to learn that the openly mer
cenary transaction turned out most fa
vorably for these princely children. -Im
mediately after her betrothal Vittoria was
sent to the Island of Ischla, the home of
her future husband, that she might be
educated with him under the care of the
widowed Constahza d'Avalos, Duchess of
Francavilla, the young Pescara's elder
sister. This remarkable woman, by
royal appointment, had teen made Gov
ernor and Chatelaine of Ischia, one of the
most important keys of the kingdom. In
this capacity she showed rare prudence
and energy, and as an eminently cultured
woman gathered to her island home the
finest Intellects of the day. In this de
lightful atmosphere Vittoria and Ferdi
nand developed congenial literary tastes
and passed most happily and affectionate
ly the days of their betrothal.
When they reached the age of 17 their
marriage was celebrated in Ischla with
much pomp and ceremony. The flower of
Italy, sailing homeward in their beauti
fully appointed boats from the Island wed
ding, pronounced the bride and groom to
be mentally and physically of the noblest
patrician type. Among the family archives
in the Colonna palace is to be found a
most painstaking document setting forth
the merits, color and price of the elaborate
gifts exchanged by the bride and bride
groom. The two-year honeymoon follow
ing this brilliant wedding has frequently
been alluded to by Vittoria as the truly
happy part of her life.
At the end of this time Italy was about
to enter upon that period generally xnown
as the second dark age in her history.
During the three years between 1493 and
1495 Naples had been governed, more lit
erally, plundered, by five Kings. Milan,
too, had proved a tempting bone of'con
tention for which the Kings of France
and Spain were carrying on bloody war
fare, the -Pope siding with Spain while
Venice aided France. When one considers
that this yeasty ferment was but typical
of the upheavals convulsing all parts of
Italy one can better comprehend the state
of affairs which urged the young Pescara
to leave his bride, buckla on nls shield
bearing the ancient motto "With this or
on this" and join his father-in-law In the
fields of Lombardy. In the early part of
his career flying visits home, which grad
ually became more hurried and less fre
quent relieved the sternness of his life.
He was left for dead upon the field of
Ravenna, but recovered from nig wounds
during a short Imprisonment at Milan.
While here he diverted himself sonvwhat
after the fashion conspicuous In Marlbor
ough by writing a "Dialogo d'Araore," in
scribed to his wife. Her reply. In a pot-m
112 lines long. Is noteworthy, not so much
on account of It 9 Ingenious elegance and
triteness as becau9e It Is the first of her
writings upon which her claim as poet
was founded. .
In Ischia Vlttorla strove to prove h*r*elf
as true a soldier's wife as she had been a
soldier's daughter, and beguiled Pcs
cara's absence by her studies with the
noted wits and scholars of the day and by
devoting herself to the education and
moral development of her adopted son.
Alphonso d'Avalos. the "cousin and heir ot
her husband. Vittoria discovered in this
beautiful but somewhat wayward l>or a
fine intellect and the materials of a noble
man. These she -so carefully developed
that the llttle : tamed lion soon loved her
as a son, became a brave, renowned mar,
and always looked upon his gentle, child
less: guardian as the mother of his moral
As far as possible Vittoria kept herself
In touch - with her ?h usband's prowess,
passing affectionately over many of those
portions of his life which modern histo
rians condemn. Descendant ; herself of a
long illustrious line ; of freebooters noted
for clannish warfare and sharing the gen
eral, insensibility to the call of patriotism,
1 1 ; is - hardly .to v be ; wondered at : .that '. the
devoted wife romantically glossed over
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE BARRY.
OVERWORK, WORRY ANcTcARE HAVE
FIRST EFFECT UPON THE NERVES ,
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
Makes Nerve Fibre, Nerve Force
L. A. Martin, Chillicothe, Mo., writes:
44 1 have used Paine's Celery Compound for indigestion and
nervous debility, and have found it a certain remedy. It rehabili-
tates the system worn by the strain of tedious litigation and office
work, and any overworked person will find it a sure cure."
#*-O-*-O+O ?©?O*O*O* O+O+-0-+o+O-+O+O + Q-*- O-*-O-*-O-*O-»-O-»- O-*-O-»-O-»-O
I DISORDERS OF MEN.
o v^""""""""**"^ Strlc tljr Reliable
9 flvpfff i l_xl« 1 dlwv/lt V^vf*
? fSSir ' < fSBP V Pnctto* C*nflß«d to Plhmii aa4 Wsafc-
O (fX# Jkf^jT ly I . nesses ot
r %^g, Men Only;
n Varlooeele cured tn on* week at office ox
J Vg^&MjaKgß tour weeks' born* treatment.
o - J V. Blood Taints, Contracted Disorder* and
a sT \. trverr form of Weakness a specialty.
O v// Jv \*w Wtin always willlni to wait for oar feo
? 1 /\\>^*g%L/Jl V^Sw until cure Is effected.
O Ih ]/ \*^g£jr^fl\ Vt^ ' Full Information cfaMrfullr mailed.
?W- \^%I II Wr Market Street, Corner Sixth.
e-*>6-»o-*o*-o ?©?o-i-o*-o-» : o ?©-?¦o-^o-* ©?o-*-o-»<>-»-o ?©?oVo^o-*- o-*-o-*o
7
VTTTORIA COLOXXA.Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce ' — 594
Mexican Dollars 48 454
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Crown 'of Denmark takes for
Cork 65. 451 ctls,' valued at $70,163.
The. local market wai lower, both on and oft
call. In sympathy ¦ with the Eastern and for
eign markets. _
<•: Liverpool -was .lower, but Paris was firmer.
Argentine, shipments were . 2,250,000 bushels.
'Chicago was weak, owing to depressing foreign
cables, and the crowd ' was : bearish. . ¦•
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96*4@97*4c;- milling,
98%c@$l 01«4.
. . -CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal • Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls. $106H:.20OO, $1064. May— «ooo, 99?, c;
4000. 994c- '¦: ' • : '¦•¦••
Second Sessions-May— 2ooo ctls/ 99*4 c; 2000,
994 c; 8000, . 99c. December— 2ooo. $1 06*4; 12.000,
$106*4. '¦•¦%<- ' ¦ " '"'¦ ' P ',-¦- ¦ ' -
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
98% c; 22.000, 98% c. December— lo.ooo. $lC5?i;
4000, ' $1 05T4.
Afternoon Session — May — 22,000 ctls, 994 c.
December— l6,ooo, $106. -- . . -
* BARLEY — Holders adhere to previous aaklng
pricea, but. buyers are shy,' and the market 'is
very • dull; v * ....'... •- .
Feed. 75377* Ac for No. 1 and 633724 c for oft
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts, 2^,
083 busheln; exports, 3383; market still firm on
winter Wheat: Flour at old prices, but dull and
easy for springs; Minnesota patents, *3 S6<J?4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts, 62,800 bushels; exports,
98,636.' Spot, weak; No. t red, 744e elevator;
No. 8 red, 76% c f. o. b. afloat in store; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 78% c f. 0. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth. 80% c f. o. b. afloat prompt.
Options opened easy, and thereafter were bear
lshly disposed through general liquidation, very
heavy Argentine shipments, lower English
cables, small clearances, favorable Northwest
ern news and crop prospects and disappointing
export demand; the close was weak and heav)
at V.iftlfic decline. March 74H@75c, closed
74HC: May 72 9-16(5!734c, cloeed 72% c; July 72 9-16
©73 7-lRc. closed 724 c; September. 72*4@72T4c,
closed 72*4 c i.
HOPS— bteady.
HIDES-Flrm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— CIosed steady, at unchanged prices
to an advance of . 10 points. Total sales were
9750 bags. Including: March, $7@7 05; May,
$7 10Q7 20; June, 17 10: August. $7 15@7 20; Sep
tember, $7 20®7 30: October, $7 30; November,
7 35; December, $7 40@7 60; January.' s7 50. Spot
Coffee— Rio. dull; No. 7 invoice, 3 9-16 c; No. 7
Jobbing, 9 1-16 c. Mild— Quiet; Cordova, 94®14c.
SUGAR— Raw, dull and easy; -fair refining,
3"4 c; Centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; Molasses Sugar,
3 11-ieig^ic. Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts (two days), '9440 pack
ages; market steady. June creamery, 19@224c;
Western. 20©24 c; factory. 16@19c.
EGGS— Receipts (two days). 12.956 packages;
market firm. Western at mark. 13%@>14c; South
ern at mark. 134@13^4c.
DRIED FRUITS,
Evaporated Apples ruled dull and featureless
all day, with business strictly of a hand-to
mouth order. News from the country was about
as expected, and the market closed without the
slightest variation in prices. '<" California Dried
Fruits were. In fair demand and steady in tone,
at unchanged prices. " *
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common
s@«c; prime, 64®^'Ac; choice, 7@74c: fancy, 8®
84c __
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES—34@7o per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 134?15c; Moorpark, 15@18c
PEACHES— PeeIed, 18Q>22c; unpeeled, 74(S L 9c.
The Cotton (Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— The wildest excite
ment prevailed on the Cotton Exchange fol
lowing an erratic, sensational advance ' in
prices at Liverpool, the latter market * closing
to-day at a net rise of 3@3 10-<4d on the future
list and - 6-82 d on . the spot * quotations as com-
Eared - with ¦ the ¦ dosing -of Wednesday. * 1 The
lverpool advance 1 was to a considerable ex
tent on the • report . then ¦in circulation ,-¦ » that
Cronje had surrendered. But apart 'from the
South African situation ' the English cotton
trade manifested alarm In conseauence of the
EASTERN MARKETS.
630 Chicago Great Western .13*4
7,087 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 122H
5.400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 20
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 62V4
.....I. Chicago & East Illinois 92*^
Chicago & Northwestern ..159
8.C75 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 107*%
BSO CCCfcSt Louis 69*«.
225 Colorado Southern .... 5U
SSS Colo Southern let prefd 42V&
COlo Southern 2d prefd-..: 15Vi
V. Del.& Hudson IISVa
UO Del Lack & Western ISIV*
Denver & R G : 19%
£70 Denver & R G prefd 71!,
Efte ....:. 32V*
I.CIO Erie Ist prefd 87*4
810 Great Northern prefd- 157
Hocking Coal 16
110 Hocking Valley V. ". J3V4
t!8 Illinois Central 112**
800 lowa Central .........' IJV
210 lowa Central prefd ...: 49**
Kansas City Pitts & Gulf 12%
Lake. Erie &'Western ... ! . 21.4
100 Lake Erie & Western ; pref A 84
•.. Lake Shore '....¦.!...." 94
3.570 Louisville & Nashville.. .: Sl«4
6.«0 Manhattan L .......'. ! 97*»
2.9(5 Metropolitan. Street ;Rallway 174**
£80 Mexican Central ....:...-. 11V*
rOO Mlnn:& St Louis 63
270 Mlnn'& St Louis prefd 91*4
7,2*0 Missouri Pacific ..:.' 45
:. Mobile 1 & Ohio 41*4
':. Missouri Kansas & Texas 10*>
:00 Mlftscfurl Kansas' & Texas prefd 3!ft
B*o New ' Jersey Central 117
2.Et5 New {York Central lji%
17.JJ0 Norfolk &' Western 31%
. 4.84S Norfolk & Western prefd 74* i
»,6io Northern Pacific '... BJ^,
600 Northern Paclfic^preM 74H
6.SSO Ontario & Western.;.' 21V*
1. Oregon'Kailway & Nay : 42
Oregon, Hallway <4 Nay prefd 76
i.MO Pennsylvania : 133*4
1.2J9 Readln* J 19V«
17.4&0 Reading Ist prefd 59V*
J.L39 Reading 2d prefd >..; 29Vs
Rio. Grande Weatern 4*i.
. 105 Rio Grande Weatern prefd &T**
SttLbUU & San FranclBCo 104 a
St Louis & S F l«t prefd 68
300 St Louis & S F Id prefd 344
X. St Louts Southwestern 12' 4
I.ifa St Louis Southwestern prefd 30H
8,»C0 St Paul ..:...; 121?*
110 St Paul prefd .'....: 171
St.Paul & Omaha 110
»,o>o Southern Pacific SS«4
4.W> Southern Railway 12^
8,210 Southern Railway" prefd 57H
6W Texas & Pacific. ....:....' 16*
12.610 Union Pacific : 40» 4
1.5W Union Pacific prefd 76 1 ..
Waba?h ....-.:. <%
SW Wabaeh prefd 20*4
1.800 Wheeling A Lake Erie 10*4
1.468 Wheeling &"L E 2d prefd 27S
.•. Wle.rq.nsm Central is
Express companies — *
:. Adorns ; 115
American 146
United* States .: 1 46
— , m W#lls-Fargo v .~. 123
% . . . Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil • 334
American Cotton Oil -prefd 94
600 American Malting 514
800 American Malting prefd 24
2,280 American Smelting & Re fin 40
235 American Smelting & Itefln prefd.. 90' i
;. American Spirits 2*i
....:.. American Spirits prefd 17
3.300 American Steel Hoop 43*4
400 American Steel Hoop prefd 83*
13.215 American Pteel & .Wire 57 l *
900 American Steel &Wlre prefd 92H
2.655 American Tin Plate.." 31* i
BJO American Tin Plate prefd 81
25,520 American Tobacco ......:..•. 107%
V. American Tobacco- prefd' 135 V*
650 Anacdnda Mining Co ; 44*4
16.718 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71%
2,180 Colorado Fuel & Iron 434
S.S4S Continental Tobacco 31**
445 Continental Tobacco prefd M* t
13,815 Federal Steel .../. :.. S3*4
985 Federal Steel prefd 74*»
410 General Electric : 126
1.487 Glucose Sugar .'.... 51*4
160 Glucose Sugar prefd -. 9S*i
208 International Paper '..t 22» 4
International Paper'prefd' 6s
?.. Laclede Ga5......'..... 74
250 National Biscuit 36* i
139 National Biscuit prefd 90
100 National Lead 244
{. National Lead prefd 104
6.184 National Steel ....47
€54 National Steel prefd '.. 96V4 '¦
100 New York Air Brake 124 I
780 North American ." 14',i
•.. Pacific Coast : » 494
....... Pacific Coast l«t prefd 82
....::. Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
1.085 Pacific -Mall- 37
25,702 People's Gas 984
47i Pressed Steel Car 544
350 Pressed Steel- Car prefd ss'
225 Pullman Palace Car 187
Standard Rope & Twine 7K
13,065 Sugar, ui'i.
....'... Sugar prefd • 112
13.745 Tennessee Coal & Iron 9514
22.756 Untcd' States Leather ...» Wm
1,370 United States Leather prefd 74
950 United States Rubber 3J4
680 United States Rubber prefd ...:.... 924
297 Western Union 834
2,639 Republic Iron & Steel 22%
1,065 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 68
„ PC C & St Louis ;o
409,400 Shares Sold.'.
• CLOSING BONDS.
XJ 8 4a re* ....... .103 |M X 4 T «i tl
USSirw 10S.H N V Cen lsts 1104
U B 8s coup ..109% N J Cen gen 65. ...1 M
U Sinew 4s reg....155 N C Cs 127
U 8 new m c0up... 136 N C 4s 105
U 8 old 4s reg....H6 No Pacific 3s 66
U B. old 4s'CGUp...ll« No Pacific 4s ... 1O3«
U S6» r*g 114 NYC& St L 45..10S
UB!« cinip 114 Nor & W con 4».. J>5U
Dlst of O>l 3-655..11S Nor & W rea 65. .130
Atch gen-4s 100^'Or Nay Ist* 110
Atch adj 4s t?4 Or Nay 4a 101
Can.So 2<js Io9H'Or 8 Line 6s ..."12714
C t O I*4B ',B«4|Or S Line con 55.. 114
C & O bt .: 11014 1 Read gen 4s s«;
C & NW con 75....141U R G W lsts 87*!
C tKW SFdcbCs.l2o St L& I M con 6s. 111*4
ChlTer 4» 92*4 8t L & S F gen te.121
Col 80 4« 83 iSt Paul con ...... liru
D t R G lsts ....10Si.4i StP C & P 1«5..120
D & R G 4s VB4St P C & P 5s 1204
E T Va & Ga lsts.miVi 60 Pacific 4s 83H
Erie gen 4s -70 180 Rv Cs 107^
F W & D Clits.. 714' Stand R & T 05.... 79
Oen Elec Cs 116 Term new s»t ih... 95
GH& S A r.s 107 T& P lsts ...... 114
G HA S A 245. ...107 T & P 2da .12*4
H & T C.ftn 110 U P 4a JOl
H t T C con 65. ...112 j Wabash Ist 116*4
lowa Cen lst« 1134* Wabash 2ds .... 39.
X C P *: G Ist*.. 72 IWest Shore 4s ....1134
La new con 4s 106 Wls Cent 1«« M 4
L AN unified.... fB'4;Va Centuries 87
M X A T 2ds C4 1 Va deferred 9
- .-* .; ¦ , . MININO STOCKS.
Chollar , 15 Ontario 875
Crown Point ! 05 Ophir 60
Con Cal A .Va 1 30 Plymouth is
Deadwood . £0 Quicksilver 175
G & C....... ,10 ' do prefd 750
'H lc Norc '25 Sierra Nevada -3.)
Homestake-.. ...... 60 OOlStandard 2 to
Iron ' Silver *5 Union Con «20
Mexican-....-. -20 Yellow Jacket....... 14
.- BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. :
Money — . ¦ • it Union Land I
Call' loans .....34^44 Union Pacific 49Ti
Time lorfns ... .4*405 West ; End 924
Stocks—, •¦ .••; Westlnghouse E... 41V
Atch. T & St,Fe... 26* i Wis, Central 18
Do prefd. €)% Bonds—
Amer Surar.. 111*4 Atchlson 4s 984
Do prefd .'. lJt4 N E.Gas & C 65... 714
Bell Telephone ....830 'Mining shares—
lk>«ton & Albany..24s Adventure 44
'Boaton Elevated. ..ll9 Allouer Mln C 0.... 24
Boston & Matne ..200 Amal Copoer ..... 92
Chi. Bur;&:Q :.1!2% Atlantic .23,-.
Dominion Coal -4t Boston & Mont 265
Do prefd, ?.U6 Butte ; & Boston.:.. 61 ,
Federal Steel. fc3V*|Calumet A Hecla..7ts
Do prefd r »T«j Centennial 18
Fitchburg prefd.. ..lBl {Franklin ........... 144
Gen E1ectric'.... ...1«4 Osceola 74
Do- prefd,. ..'... -.138 Parrot 44
Mexican Cent .12 Qulncy ....'.... 133
Mich Telephone. ...loo Santa Fe Copper.. 6
N E Gas A Coke... 19 Tamarack 190
Old Colony^ 207- Utah Mining....... 29"
Old Dominion .* 194 Wlnona 3
Kubbtr ............. 32 Wolverines 41
Charters.
The A. . O. Ropes and John McDonald load
tugar at Honolulu for Delaware Breakwater
tor orders. $6— 2 So less direct.
The Benlda loada lumber at Orays Harbor
for Sydney. 4Ss: Newsboy, lumber at Taeoma
tor Honolulu ; Inverness, - lumber and flour at
Tacoma for Port Arthur.
The General Roberts was chartered prior to
trrtval for wheat to Europe, Z!>» td.
Imports at This Port.
Foreign Imports at this port in January were
C.2SC,»Oe, a«alnat 82.642.000 In January. I£9l. the
cadlng sources being as follows: From Japan,
1380.420; China. $822,000; Hawaiian Islands,
K50.700; Central America. $250,680; Great Brit-
Lin, 8(19,410; British Columbia, $203,000.
Fruits and Salmon in London.
The London Grocers" Gazette of February 3
report* the market for California fruits | la
•tagnant pendlrg the arrival of the first ship
ments to this market. The . Sprlngburn, with
tr.'SS canes, and the Earl of Dunmore. with
T2.500 cases, are due some time 'this month
md a very active market is expected on the
•rriva! of these boats. There is an acttre de
-r.«r.d for palznon and pricea are firm and ad
rancing. For Alaska to arrive at least 3d per
case above la«t week's prices la being paid,
tnd F'raaer River ralmon Is also strong. Dur
ing January there was more salmon sent out
Df Liverpool warehouses than ever before in
»ne month.
Weather Report.
ClJOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAX FRANCISCO. Feb. 23—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
late, as "compared with those of same date last
•eason. and ra'.nfa!! in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hpurs. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 35.98 18.78.
Red Bluff 0.00 16.45 13.13
facramento 0.00 IS.gs 7.65
San Frandeco COO 16.11 7.77
Fresno 0.00 6.20 3.85
Independence 0.09 J. 12 1.15
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 12.67 7.15
Los Angeles' 0.00 4.J7 2.87
fan Diego fi.oo 2 64 3 71
Yuma 0.00 0.75 1.14
fan Francisco dats: Maximum temperature,
!': minimum. 48: mean. ,58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. . ? . ,
The pressure has risen over the southern half
sf.the Pacific Coast, and al*o over the Rocky
Mountain region. The pressure has fallen slow
ly, from Cape Mendocino northm-ard. There are
go indications of the approach of a storm on
the North Pacific Coast, but the fact that a
.arge high area is now well Inland, and that
Ihere is apparently a slight retrogression west
ward of the permanent high over the South
Pacific makes it probable that by Sunday
n;ght southeasterly winds and rain will occur
*n. the Pacific Coast from San Francisco north
ward. High temperatures . continue over the
Pacific Coast.
No rain has fallen on' the coast south of
N'eah Bay.
A maximum wind velocity of thirty miles per
brur from the north Is reported at Yuma.
Forecast made at San Francisco • for thirty
hours, ending midnight February 24:
Northern California— Fair Saturdsy, becom
ing cloudy at night, with showers in extreme
northern portion; not to warm; light north
erly changing to southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona — Fair Saturday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
with Increasing cloudiness and unsettled
weather at night: not so warm; light northerly
eh&cging to - southeasterly winds.
" ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
. ' Forecast Official.
Nrju York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Money on call.
steady; actual transactions ranging from S to
J*4 per cent; last loan closed offered at 2*4
per cent'; prime . mercantile : paper, 4*a@s per
cent;- sterling exchange, "easier, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87* i for demand
and $4 83* for sixty days; posted rates, $4 84*4
04 86 and $4 EB@4 88*4; commercial bills, $4 83
©4 83*4: silver certificates. 69%®60%0; bar sil
ver, «9*4 c; Mexican dollars. 47% c; Government
bonds, buoyant; railroad bonds, weak; State
bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $296,598,958; gold re
serve, 1225,688,787.
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a slight increase in business in the
markets here to-day, notwithstanding the set
tlement, and the trade was firm, easing slightly
finally in the absence of official .war news.
London bought Americans, particularly Nor
folk and Weatern, for an hour and then left
them nesrlected. The bank lost £200,000 *old
to the Cape and received £500,000 from Russia
and £23,000 bought In German coins and £10,000
In bars. Call money was higher on settlement
requirements, but bills were idle. The bank
did a small discount business. Paris cheque,
25.19*4: Berlin. 20.5 L
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 101*4: Union Pacific prefer
red, 77, ex-dlvldend; Northern Padflo pre
ferred. 76*4: Atchlson, 21? i; Grand Trunk. 8H:
Anaconda, 9Vi; bar silver steady, 27Hd\ per
ounce; money, 3V4 per cent.
Chicago Grain Market.
Turpentine marked up 2C. \
Silver aivd Exchange unchanged. v .
Wheat lower.' Other cereals dull and unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff s quiet at pirroious prices.
Beans and Seeds neglected and nominal. \ .. \
Potatoes weak and 'dull. Onions firmer.
Vegetables in larger supply and' generally lower.
Dairy Butter in heavy stock and declining.
Eggs and Cheese continue to shade off.
Poultry firm, with light supplies. Game dragging.- "
Fresh and Dried Fruits as previously quoted.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Hogs continue scarce and in denvand. Other nitats
Increased foreign imports. /.'.'
flerwl JHo: Candy Granulated, R4c; Tfrr Grmn
ulated. 6*ic; Confectioners" A. 5Hc: Magnolia,
A. 4%e; Extra C, 4%c: Golden C, 4*40; barrels.
l-16c more; half-barrels, *4c more; boxes, Ho
more; 50- lb bngs. He more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Doml-
Domlnos. half-barrels. sTlc: boxes. t*%c per-lb.
TUBPEXTINE— Is higher at 78c per gallon
In cases and 72c in drums and Iron barrels.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The scarcity In Hogs continues and arrivals
bring the top quotations without difficulty.
Other descriptions remain unchanged.
BEEF— «*i®7Vic per lt> for fair to choice.
VEAL— »©lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B©B**c: ewes. 7*4 c per Ib.
LAMB— Spring. 12*4 c: yearlings. 9«10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6c for small and medium,
and 5H3?5%c for large: stock Hogs and feed
ers, S*4GSHc; dressed Hogs. 7{tSHc '¦ \
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FORTY-EIGHT HOURS.
Flour, qr ska 23.140 Shorts. »ks 83S
Viheat. ctls 19.360. 5uear. sks 810
Barley, ctls 5,1 in. LI me. bbls 354
Oats, ctls ISO, Chicory, bbls .... 50
Cheese, ctls 242, Eg*», doz 23.160
Butter, ctls. 871 Quicksilver, flsks. 33
Tallow, ctls 303|Leather. rolls .... 1«4
Rye. ctU 60! Wine. *als 42.60©
Beans, sks 730. Hides. No 977
Potatoes, ska .... 4. 259 ; Pelts, bdls «3l
\vool. aks . llßroom Corn, bdls CO
Onions. -sk« 465; Straw, tons 4
gran, sks . 4,1*1 Hay, tons 453
Middlings, sks ... 473!
OREGON.
Flour, Qr sks $20 Shorts, sks J. 500
WASHINGTON.
Flour, v sks 7.44*|Oats. ctls 8.T70
- J. ¦>¦¦¦'¦> ¦ "-•
¦ Family Retail Market.
Butter is cheaper. Cheese is uncnaaged. Em
axe steadily declining.
Poultry, Meats and Game stand about as last
week. The Game season closes March 1
Vegetables continue In good supply, and th«
early kinds, such as. Asparagus and Rhubarb.
are comlnr In more freely, though they ar«
still high. There is nothing new in Fruit*.
Coal, per ton: — '-
~annel $ 013 00|3eattle POO© i
Wellington .. — — ©10,*00 Southfleld
Sew. Welling- i Wellington.. ©9 50
ton @10 Wirocs Bay ©7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per < %mmon Eggs.. — <517*4
square 50A— Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll — 050 dozen .......UJfM
Do. good 35<340 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal 12'<ri5 pound 12315
Cheese. Eastern.. lTtj2o Do. extracted.. — «1&
Cheese. Swiss.... 20t?:;
Meats, per lb— •¦
Bacon 12317 Pork, fresh 15329
Beef, choice 131 20 Pork, salt 12515
Do, good lfrj 13 Pork Chops 15<$1S
Corned Beef — \ 10 Round Steak 10<ai3
Ham. Cal 15T — |3lrloin Steak .... V>%—
Do, Eastern.. .lTH'i i — Porterhouse d 0... 20«:S
Lard 12-615' Smoked Beef ..,. 12-&15
Mutton — 4 15 Pork Sausages.. 12*4#2a
3prtng Lamb .... 20<S725 1 Veal 15©2 a
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60©SS'Quafl. d0z....5l TSQ2 00
Young Roosters, ! Mallard, pair.. 75c@$l 00
each 76@90- Canvas back, per
Old Roosters, ea..&V&75, pair 7Sc9sl 00
Fryers, each 65®75;3pri*. pair EOift**
Broilers, each 50<§«)'Teal. per pair ....4O«so
Turkeys, per lb... ls4X2o! WldKeon. pair ... 4*350
Ducks, each 60873 Ismail Duck. pa>!r.S3<34o
Geese, each ..$1 25©1 50; Wild Geese, pair.. 6o^7s
Pigeons, pair 40-fOO English Snipe,
Rabbits, pair 40350 per dozen I 00^-
Hare, each — fM Jack Snipe 175^1
Doves, per dos..sl®f !3
Fruits and Nuts—':
Almonds, per lb...l»<S2o, Limes, per dosen.. lOaiS
Apples 4Q 6 Raisins, per lb s<@lt>
Banana*, dozen... 104115 Walnuts, per lb..— ©lS
Cranberries, qt.... — aiO 3trawberrie«. per
Oranges, dozen.... 10fi35 basket ...........20QS5
Lemons, dozen.... KXJflO
Vegetables—
Artichokes, dz.sodgsl (W Okra. dry. per 1b.— «25
Asparagus, 1b..... 12-320 1 Peppers, green, lb i^XO
Beats, dozen 12fel£ Potatoes, per lb.. in 5
Beans, white, lb.. s®— 3weet Potatoes 3& 4
Colored, per lb.. 4fi 5 Parsnips, per d0z.15w —
Lima, per lb —ft 8 Rhubarb, per 1b...12@1S
Cabbage, each. 5<UlO Radishes, dz bchs.lool2
Cauliflowers, each 5010 9age, doz bnchn-.25w.5i
Celery, bunch 6@— String Beans. 1b..10^?15
Cress, doi bncha.. 2oo3s ' Summer Squash.
Egg Plant, lb 12®15!_per pound 8«10
Green Peas, 1b.... 4© 7jrhyme, per 1b.... 20^30
Lentils, per lb *tf BlTurnlps. per doz..lo<ttl»
Lettuce, per doz..lMJ— Tomatoes, per lb. 8310
Onions, per lb .... 2xt 3.
Fish-
Barracuda — @15i5hrimp» ....— <S —
Carp 129— |3had — ©15
Codfish — «15|5ea Bass — «—
Flounders 12&— Smelts 15® 13
Halibut 200— tSoles 12«15
Herring 10812- Skates, each 10©U
Klngflsh :...— «l5 Clams, gallon 50^—
Mackerel — $— Do bardshell.loo.4'VcfM
Do, Ilors* ...... — 'v— Crabs, each 10>3la
Perch 13 U- Do softshell. dz.Z5<335
Pompano — W — Mussels, quart lO'a'l2
Rockflsh 15@18 Oysters. Cal. 100..40550
Salmon, fresh ....15iWJ Do Eastern, doz.ZJfUi
. Do, smoked ....— «2O
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Continued on Page Eleven.
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, $C#S7*io;
Chevalier, nominal.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo etls,
76*4 c; 2000. 76c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The market continue* neglected and
nominal.
White. %1 10® 1 30; Red, JSc^tl 17*4; Gray,
$107V4®116; Black, 92*4c@$l 02H.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at Xc per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1©1 02V4: mixed.
97*4c@$l.
RYE— 97%c®sl 02*4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60©3 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40®3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $2 75®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows.: usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 80; Rice *>ur. $7: Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 2553 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 60: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60;
Rolled Oats (barrels). JS-@7 23; In sacks. $5 75®
7; Pearl Barley,- 15; Split Peas, $3; Green Peas,
$5 60 per W0 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Quotations for all descriptions remain un
changed, and the market is quiet.
• BRAN-UIOIS P«t ton. ¦
MIDDLINGS— $17®20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. I 13&17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $24827; jobbing.
$27 50<g28; Cocoanut Cake. $201*21 ; Corn Meal,
$23623 60; Cracked Corn. $23 siXtf24; Mixed Feed
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton. .
HAY— Wheat. . $6 50®8 60 for common to rood
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $8 60(88 60;
Oat, $6®B; Barley, $5®7; Alfalfa. $697 50 per
ton. - 'i ¦ -
STRAW-25@40c per bale.
Beans and. Seeds.
Stagnation still prevails in this market, and
prices are unchanged. : ' ¦
BEANS— Bay os. $3 25@3 35: small White. $3 20
©3 35; large White, $2 9093 10; Pinks, $2 60®
2 85; Reds $3 60; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 1385 25; Pea, $3 20@3 4); Red
Kidneys, $3 6034.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $19062 20; Canary,
'Vie per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa. 8®10c: Rape. 2*4<S3c; Hemp. 4@4*4c;
Timothy, 4@4*4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50® 1 90; Green, $1 73
62 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are no lower, but the market Is
heavy and dull. Onions are slightly firmer.
Asparagus and Rhubarb are lower, and other
Vegetables are also weak, with free supplies.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 85©95 c; River Reas,
70:375 c; Burbanks, 50^f-75c per sack; Oregon
Burb&nk*. 75c@$l 10: Sweet Potatoes, $1 70®
1 80 for Merced; New Potatoes, 4c.
ONIONS— SI 75@2 15 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Cucumbers, 60cft$l
per dozen: Rhubarb. 798 c per lb; Asparagus,
B@lsc; Green Peas, 2%©4 c per lb for Lo« An
geles and 4@sc for Alameda; String Beans. 5@
10c: Cabbage. 4O&50C; Los Angeles Tomatops.
65c<gn: Egg Plant from Loa Angeles, i&
10c; Dried Okra, 12*ic per lb; Garlic, 6c: Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, 4{fsc; Dried Pep
pers, 8310 c; Carrots, 30@40c per sack: Los An
geles Bummer Squash, tlill 25 per box.
Poultry and Game.
Owing to the cleaned-up condition of the
market. Poultry Is very firm, as will be seen
by the Improved quotations. Game is alow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. D@llc for Gobblers
and ll@l2*4c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 12^
lie; Geese, per pair, $1 75<!?2: Goslings. $1 75®2;
Ducks, $45?5 for oid and $4@5 for young; Hens.
4 60(35 50; Young Roosters. $6&6 50: Old Roost
ers, $4 50#5; Fryers. $5 50@»; Broilers, $5@5 50
for large and $3 50@4 50 for small: Pigeons.
$1 2501 50 per dozen for old and $2@2 50 for
GAME— Quail, $1 SOtfl 75: Mallard. $3@4;
Canvasbacks. $2^4: Sprig. $175®2: Teal. $175©
2 25; Wldreon, $1 2SSJI 75; Small Duck. $101 25;
Hare, $I^l 25; Rabbits. $I@l 50: Gray Geese,
$2 sC<fr3; White. $1 25; Brant. $1 5002;. Honkers.
$4; English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe,
$1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market Is oversupplied with
dairy descriptions, and as there Is no demand
for them outside the city they are very weak.
Creamery Butter holds up better, as the lower
prices have regained the northern trade.
Cheese is lower and weak at the decline.
Eggs are off again. Stocks are large and ac
cumulating, and sellers meet buyers more than
half way. , - .••
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 22c; seconds,
20521 c.
Dairy— Fancy, 18*4® 19c; good to choice, 16*4
17He; common, nominal.
CHEESE: — Choice mild new. 9®9*4c; old. B*4e;
Young America. lOiglO^c; Eastern, 15H<316c;
Western. 13*4@15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 12513 c for store and 14c
per dozen for ranch. Eastern are nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels. $1 45@2; choice, $1 Zs@
1 70; Standard. $1 05@l 45; Seedlings. 75c@$l 05.
WatsonviUe Strawberries brought $7@S per
chest. ...
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—3O@6Oc per box for common. 73c@$l
for good to choice, and $1 25@1 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 60©2 50
per box;. Seedlings. 75c@$l 50; Pomelos. 75c@
t2 C0:~ Lemons. Jltfjl 50 for common and J2JJ2 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $."fjrs 60: Cal
ifornia Limes. 25@50c: Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED' FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks. 4*4 c for
40-DO's. 4{}-4>;c for 60-60's, 3*4 c for 60-70's. 3*£ c
for -70-SO's. 3c for SO-90'a find 2*« c for 90-100's;
Apricots. ll@l3c for Royals, 12*4©16 c for Moor
parks and 12fil4c for Blenheims; Peaches. s*io
6c for Standards, 6*^©6%c for choice and 7©Be
for -fancy: Peeted Peaches. -10@12*4c; Evapo
rated-Apples, 6f?7c: Sun-dried. s®sV4e per lb:
Nectarines. B@9c; Pears, 3*4®4*4c for dark and
7<i?Bc-for brlcht halves; Black Figs. 2@2*4c:
White Flits. 2©3 c: Bleached Plums. B®9c; Un
bleached Plums, 707*4 c for pitted and lVic for
unpltted. •¦'•-.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb," 10c; -choice, 9c; standard. -8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb. B*>c: choice. 7*4 c; standard. 6*4 c;
prime. sc; unbleached .Sultanas. 6c; Seedless,
60-lb bpxes. sc: 2-crown, loose muscatels, &He;
3-crowh. 6*Je; 4-crown. 7c: London Layers.
2-crown, $1 60 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. $2 60: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In ' California. . .-. . . -. .
NUTS— Chestnuts, B@9c; Walnuts, B©9c for
standards and 9010 c for sbftshell; Almonds,
Il*/»ffil2c for paper shetl. 9<&loc for soft and 4Q
5c for hardshell:. Peanuts, EVfteVc for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts. 7*4®Bc; Fil
berts, 12@12*4c: Pecans. 11® 13c; Cocoanuts. $4 60
©5.'
HONEY— Comb. 11*4012 c for bright and 10%0
lie for lisrht amber: water white extracted.
7*ic; light amber extracted. 7UG7Hc; dark, (*4O
6c per lb. . .--,,>.
BEESWAX— 24ff26c per lb. ... _
Provisions.
CURED MEATS—Bacon. ' Hie per lb for
heavy,. 10c for light medlum.^llc for light. 120
for extra light and 13*4 c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13j?13*4c; California
Hams, nominal:. Mess Beef. 812 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear. $17; Mess. $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb. • • ... • • • ¦
LARD— Tlercea quoted at 6»;©7c per lb for
compound and 8c for pure; .half -barrels, pure,
B*4cT 10-lb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%©3Hc per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9*ic. ¦__ „.- ¦*¦/¦.?.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10*4611Vic; Medium. 9*4®lo*4c: light. 9*ic;
Cowhides, 9%@10*4c; Stags. 7c: Salted Kip. 9*4©
10*4 c: Calf, 9*4@loc: Dry Hides, sound. 13c:
culls and brands.' ls@l6c; Dry Kip and Veal,
17c: Dry Calf, 19@20c; Sheepskins, yearlings. 15
@30c each; short Wool. 35@60c.each; medium
70@90c: long Wool. $I#l 60 each; Horse Hides.
$2 25©3 for large and $1 2562 for small; Col:s.
25©50c.^
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s@s*4c per lb; Ho.
2 4®4*4c: refined, 6Hc; grease, 2H#3c.
WOOL—
Fall din. San Joaquln plains. 9@ 10c; South
ern, 8<510c: Middle County. ll®13c: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 17020 c: Eastern Oregon. 13.9
10c: Valley Oregon. lS@2oc; Northern Mountain,
free. 11014 c; Northern Mountain, defective. io@
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7®llc per lb.
General Merchandise.
. BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6% ©6*4 c: Wool Bags. 2S*4@32*4c;
Fleece Twine. 7Hc. . .
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$7: Bryant, $7: Coos Bay. $5 60; Wallsend. $S;
Co-operative Wellsend. $8; Scotch. ; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 50 in sacks; Penn
sylvania* Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton: Coke. 11 j per ton in bulk and $17 in «ackx.
RlCE— China Mixed. $4 ISQ* 25; China No. 1.
$4 ICK34 SO; extra do. $sigs 60; Hawaiian. 13©5 25;
Japan. $4 7505; Louisiana, $4 50477. ¦
SUGAR— The Western Sugar . .defining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash.* ln 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6Hc; Pow-
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
IfEW YORK. Feb. 23.— Bradstreet' s Financial
Review to-morrow, will say: Dullness and. the
predominance of . professional trading were
again the most pronounced features of the
speculative week. The conditions ' which pre
vailed in Wall street, however, found their
duplicate in the state of the London market,
which, though rendered more cheerful . by the
news of British successes in the recent opera
tions in South Africa, seems, like our own,
without immediate attractions for the public.
Nearly all the developments of the week have
been of a favorable character. Large Increases
In current railroad earnings are reported and
the annual reports of several industrial and
railroad Incorporations have appeared, making
in all cases a most excellent showing. The
responses to such factors have, however, been
limited, and though the street Is somewhat
impressed with the belief that the expected
-pasrage of the currency and refunding bill at
Washington will give a decided Impetus to
speculation there is an apparent henltatlon to
act upon this. ldea. Money, it would appear,
tends to work a little firmer for the time being
and this perhaps -limits the activity of the
bull pools and' large interests which favor that
side of tb* speculative account. 'The recent
heavy increases in the volume of the New
York bank loans and the reports of large de
mands for financial accommodations on the
part of mercantile Interests in various parts
of the country, pointing as they do to ex
tremely active trade conditions, may perhaps
explain the preoccupation of the public and
Its temporary Indifference to the stock market.
There has appeared to be no evidence of bear
ish sentiment and manipulation of that kind
has-been confined to a few specialties in
which circumstances afforded opportunity for
such maneuvering. At the same -time the/ re
sponse of the market to a succession of favor
able developments has been limited - and hes
itating and the falling off in the volume of
general transactions shows plainly that for the
time being the market has been left to the
traders and the latter, on the whole are
afraid to sell It short, while they cannot dis
cern signs of the public Interest and support
that would justify them in actively espousing
the long side. Evident, manipulation of large
interests in Third Avenue stock, involving ap
parently on the one hand an . effort to create
a market for. a large . holding of the security
and on the other the possibility of attempu
, to depress the price of the stock for the ben
efit of purchasers, gave Interest to its fluctua
tions. The favorable outlook -for the coal in
dustry in both its anthracite and bituminous
branches accounted for the strength of certain
securities . in either • group of - the . coal stocks
The street, moreover, was not -to all appear
ances inclined to - give ; much heed to repre
sentations that the trunk line rallroJhs are
unable to maintain recent advances In rate* on
grain and commodities or to ' take stock in the
alleged possible renewal of trunk .line hos
tilities. On the other hand th* . continued
New York. Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— There was a light ac
cumulation of orders over the holiday which
w,ere executed In the stock market at the
opening, this morning for outside account.
Arbitrage brokers bought stocks on a email
•eale for foreign account to cover sales made
In' London at the higher level Induced by the
rumor which found credence on the other side
of.- the' surrender of the Boer general. Cronje.
There was continued absorption on a limited <
•cale for the stocks of aome of the railroads
which have shown extraordinary Increases In
earnings during the week and to which wu
adQed to-day Northern Pacific with an In
crease for the second week -In February of
8188,808. or . 41 per cent. Western New York
and ' Pennsylvania and the bituminous coal
group showed an Increase of S3 per cent. But
•y«&lnc up at the opening pressure was man-
If ett against Individual- stocks Vmong the spec
ialties, i which ••rved Ito unsettle the market
end eventually to turn the tide In favor -of
the reactionists. Continued depression • was
manifest at the opening In Third Avenue, Peo
ple's Gas, Leather and . Sugar. As the day
progreseed other stocks came under pressure
and the group above .named showed some re
covery. The iron and steel group were the
flrtt a£>eted by the- spread of weakness, . Ten
ne«pee Coal dropping an extreme S points and
American Hoop. National Bteel, Tin Plate,
Federal Steel, Wire arid Steel. Colorado Fuel
and Republic 8te«l from 1 to 3 points. Later
the- -announcement of .the dividend on . Con
solidated Oas at t ne. r»duc^d rate established
•lnce the local gas war . was In I effect led to
a raid on. that specialty with a resulting loss
of i\. Rubber preferred lost nearly 4 points.
Metropoiltan 4*4, Glucose 3*4 and Brooklyn
Vnlon Gas 2*4. Third Avenue fell In the final
<*.ralings to the lowest of the day, showing. a
decline of 7 points net. , These violent declines
had a sympathetic effect on the general list.
»**<>clally on the granger and trunk lines
and declines in the railroads were extended to
a point or over In many cases. Fears that
the .cutting of rates on grain would lead to
demoralization of freight, rates had- an ln
fltience.- Apprehensions of higher money&also
had to do with the decline. There was a slight
rally on covering of shorts by the bears and
in sympathy with a rise in Reading flrst pre.
?erred to E»*4. This made the closing firm. , but
at-net losse« in practically all cases. Prelimin
ary- estimate* or the movement of currency by
express to and from the . Interior Indicate an
increase in the shipments' by the banks but
a, etill greater Increase in their receipts, so
that the less on the Interior movement is -be
lieved to be le*s than half a million dollars
liee*lpt« of money by registered mail are Mid
by banking authorities to be sufficient to more '
than- offset these losses by ffie bank* on sub
treaeurr operations for the week which • foot
up *i.084.0U0. For some reessn the opinion
prevails that . the ; loan, expansion will show
a considerable falling off .from the recent rate
of "Increase. Mort or .lees . myvtery still at
taches to the phenomenal Increase in loans of
last week- and the week before and the dls- '
position ' grows to attribute them to some
special operations. But a further decline in
*urplUB' reserves of several million dollars will
inevitably be ehom-n by to-morrow's bank
BtatenifTit. . .
Th« bond market showed decreased activity
snd prices, declined. Total cates. par value,
$1,225,000.
L"«ited States new and old 4s. and the Eg
advanced % and the 3s *4 In the bid price. .
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
I.wiH ' A tern foti ¦¦ •• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ZV7%
11.140 Atcbiaon • pref d «2"»
5.757 Baltimore & Ohio 61S
Canadian Pacific .'....;.. Dt>\
200 Canada Southern <S%
3,250 Chesapeake & Ohio 2i\
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
arbitrary attitude of holder* of cotton in this
country with their own stock • down to 680,000
bales, against 1,081,000 a year ago and 1,179,000
bales . two years ago. Yet they are taking only
one-third of the exports now in progress from
the American seaboard, the other two-thirds
going to : the Continent. Everything offered
for sale was promptly absorbed by the public
at large or ' through forced covering by the
shorts and the . market closed ' practically >, at
the highest point of the day— an advance: of
SS 27 points. The best advance had been 20H29
points. . -.•¦;¦.-. '.';;¦:;: •>
New York Metal - Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. ¦ 23^— The only change In
official quotations for metals was In the shading;
of tin from $31 75032 to \ $31 75, and the mar
ket closed dull and , nominal. Plgiron ruled
very dull and was also nominal. Lake copper
was unchanged in price and slow, closing per
haps a little easier at $16 25. Lead was about
steady but very, quiet.'' closing at .Wednesday's
figures, $4 70@4 75. Spelter continued to show
a .feeble undertone on the basis of $4 755-4 85,
at which the market closed nominal. The
broken' price for lead was $4 45 and for copper
116 25. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1900.
favorable d.evelop"ment« concerning the condi
tion of th« steel and iron Industries and the
result* to co-operation based on them, did not
attract speculative .support to. any tangible
extent. ¦ ¦ ." . ¦ • • •¦¦ ;
CHICAGO, Feb. 23. — The news, from .'Argentina
held the center of the bulletin ' board on the
Board of Trade to-day. ¦ Other bearish news was
merely subsidiary to it. The shipments from
Argentine, 2,320,000, were exceeded only twice
last year and have not been exceeded often in
the history of the commerce of that country.
In ' consequence May . wheat opened %c under
Wednesday at 67%@67i4c The price touched
67@67*4c and later 67*4 c. Between quotations It
fluctuated for two hours. Then the descent
began. Under pressure of foreign selling and
bull liquidation, with scarcely any outside.de
mand, the price of May wheat was forced stead
ily down to 66*4 c, at which the market for that
option closed, lamentably weak, and l*£®lttc
under Wednesday.
Corn tbi inclined toward firmness, but fin
ally succumbed to the. wheat weakness. Trade
generally was quiet. Country offerings were
fair, but the shipping demand was poor. May
closed *4@%c down at 34%@34%c.
'•he trade in oats was small and Influenced
most of the time by corn. In view of the weak
ness about It the market was remarkably
steady. May closed a shade depressed at 23*4 c.
Provisions were dull. The market early was
easy with wheat, later firm with the corn bulge,
but again weak with wheat. A firm hog market
had a steadying effect. May pork closed 10©
12*4 c under Wednesday, May lard 2*4 c down ana
May ribs 7'4c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
NEW. YORK. Feb. 23.— Bradstreet' a review
of . the state of trade will say: General dis
tributive trade 'Is of ; fairly good volume al
though affected, by -weather conditions and
holidays. Spring business is enlarging at many
markets East and Weet, the presence of buy
ers. being encouraged by special passenger
rates. A eoftenlng of prices of speculatively
dealt in staples Is to be noted, but the re
actions are of narrow extent. Money Is steady
as a whole and no higher than a week ago.
Bank " clearings comparisons are rather less
favorable, partly because of less pronounced
speculative activity at' this time last year.
Gains in railway earnings for the. first two
weeks of February are of absolutely phe
nomenal proportions, but it must be remem
bered that there were exceptionally severe
weather conditions experienced last year. _ In
spite- of' this; however, it is to be said that
east-bound tonnage is of unparallelled volume,
while shipments of spring goods to the country
are very large. That rail rates are being
badly cut Is confidently, asserted. The earn
ings of sixty roads for the second week of
February aggregate $7,941,000, an Increase of
30.4 per cent over the same period a year ago.
Business a« a whole continues on a large scale,
encouraging alike to distributors and con
sumers.
¦Foreign demand for wheat remains small,
American stocks are large, farmers are re
ported holding supplies back and crop dam-,
age scares are discounted by mild weather.
The strength of corn has been a feature, for
eign demand being of good proportions a.aa
this has furnished a supporting element In
the wheat market. General complaint of the
low grade of offerings comes from primary
markets. High prices for flaxseed are ex
pected to encourage the planting of much land
ordinarily devoted to spring wheat in the
Northwest.
There is a larger volume of business in pig
iron - at some markets, but less at others and
prices of that product are quite steady.
The floating of the new sheet combination
has imparted strength to that branch of trade.
Heavy engagements have relieved the pres
sure in that line somewhere.
Structural Iron continues active, indicating
heavy building operations the coming spring
and. summer. Foreign iron markets retain all
their old strength and "lower ocean freight
would. It la argued, bring about a great en
largement of our export trade.
Copper is quieter, but steady in price and
tin notes a further advance in sympathy with
foreign speculation. Hardware U Improving
in distribution at the West. -
Business failures for the week number 163,
as compared with 199 a week ago, 120 in this
week a year ago and 183 in 1858. 258 in 1897
and 270 in 1895.
The strength of staple values is a feature
of Canadian trade. Toronto reports heavy buy
ing of spring and summer goods. Retailers
will -carry over some stocks of winter clothing.
Industrial activity is very marked, Canadian
factories running to their fullest capacity.
Failures for the week number 28, as compared
with 35 last week, 33 in this week a year ago,
45 in 1838, 60 in 1897 and 61 in 1896.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 65% 66 65 65
May 67»4 . 67*4 66*4 66*4
July ...; 67T» 67T4 66% 66%
Corn No. 2—2 —
February .... .... 83
May 34% 85% Si% 34%
July 83 351,4 84% 34%
Oats No. 2—
May 21M, 23*4 23* i 2314
July 22*4 22% 22* i 22*4
Mess pork, per barrel —
May 10 75 10 87*4 10 72*4 10 75
July 10 87*4 10 90 10 77H 10 77*4
Lard, per 100 pound? —
May 5 90 6 95 8 90 8 90
July ..6 00 605 8 97*4 600
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 6 92*4 595 6So 5 87*4
July 6 92*4 693 6 S7H 690
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 3 spring wheat, 63V4@65c; No. 2 red, 69f170c:
No. 2 corn. 33*4 c: No. 2 oats. 23@23*4c; No. 2
white. 26@26i.4c: No. 3 white. 241i@25 3 ic; No. 2
rye, 54@55Hc;No. 2 barley, 37*4@42c: No. 1 flax
seed, $1 60; prime, timothy seed. $2 45; mess
pork, per barrel, $3 So®lo 75; lard, • per 100
pounds: $5 73135 82*4; short ribs sides (loose).
$5 76@fi 05; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6*i@
6*.£ c: short clear sides (boxed), $3 93#6 05;
whisky, distillers' finished (roods, per gallon,
$1 I3Vx; sugars, cut loaf, $6 05; granulated.
$5 49.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 105,000 91,000
Wheat, bushels 90.000 33,000
Corn, bushels 949.000 769.000
Oats, bushels 553,000 274,000
Rye, bushels, 13.000 5.000
Barley, bushels 163,000 52,000
¦On the Produce Exchange to-day' the butter
market was firm; creamery, 21@23c; dairy, 18®
21c. Cheese, firm; 12® 13c. Eggs, flrm; ' fresh,
13@13*4c. f
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review, of Trade to-morrow will say:
Prices in materials are yielding. If not the
best news possible for some speculators it is
the best that could come for the country
since industries could not long prosper without
reaction from the extreme prices caused by
actual or supposed scarcity of materials last
year. Borne help comes from new iron fur
naces that have opened or approach comple
tion, some from the famine in India which
sends hither shiploads of hides, some from the
much-increased stocks of sheep which have
weathered the winter and some from the open
ing of new iron, zinc and copper mines. The
causes are many, but the revision of quota
tions gives promise of greater activity In all
the chief industries.
The great iron industry has been embar
rassed by prices for pig and billets, which were
no' longer sustained by the gradually yielding
prices of products^ Considerable transactions
are now reported at Philadelphia. $1 to $1 50
per ton below recent quotations; at Plttsburg
20,000 tons bessemer - have been sold and 75,000
tons billets, both iron and steel being re
ported $1 per ton lower. The new furnaces
supplying foundry iron have been competing
sharply at the East and small sales of besse
mer have been made for Pittabury delivery at
60c • to 65c below previous quotations. . Sheets
are strengthened there by the new combina
tions, though it does not embrace some 'largo
works, but with this addition of 600,000 tons
yearly and its sales to the hoop and tin plate
companies the National Steel has secured large
and rich mines in Minnesota. Plates are still
weak as most consumers are provided far
ahead, but the Pacific orders cover 2000 tons
and the Chicago and Northwestern has placed
orders to the East for 6600 tons bridge work.
Rail mills are full, but have taken a small
contract for export and better business enables
tin plate works which have been idle to re
sume.
Cheaper hides and leather enable boot and
shoemakers to take contracts for split goods
at 2'Ae less than prices recently asked and
some large sales have resulted, giving part of
the shops work for some time. Others are
getting very few orders and some are stopping
or expecting to stop in two weeks. The yield-
Ing in split leather began early this month
and in hemlock sole a week earlier and has
reached lc per pound, while this week union
backs and kip and glove grain upper leather
are cheaper. Hides at Chicago have again
yielded, making 3 per cent fall in a month
and 7.3 per cent since December 30. Supplies
accumulate • and on wharves at Jersey City
250,000 hides were landed from India. Ship
ments of boots and shoes from the East have
been in three weeks 25.193 cases, against 43,719
in '1898. the largest previous year.
At last it is admitted wool quotations so
long held are fully 3c per scoured pound higher
than prices in large actual sales last week
and since, the decline covering grades between
one-quarter blood and lower, which is in de
mand and scarce and fine fleece graded XX
or. over. The explanations are many. The fact
is that when mills made enormous sales of
heavy weight goods and then bought no wool
the fable that their stocks were exhausted
ceased to have force. In fine medium territory
selling at 8c scoured and other wool down to the
low grades the fall is general and English
markets are also weaker. Goods of fine grades
have been opened with much less advance in
price than was made in cheaper grades, but
cancellations continue numerous.
Failures in three weeks have been $7,241,230,
against $7,129,780 last year and $7,293,439 in
l&9B,"but in the previous- years they exceeded
$10,600,000. Manufacturing were $2,856,536,
against $3,643,864 last year, and trading 'were
$3,822,930. against $3,237,472 last year.
Failures for the week have been In the
United States 201, against 191 last year, and 33
in Canada, against 40 last year.
NEW YORK. Feb. 23.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
February 23, with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year;
Percentage.
• Cities — Inc. Dec.
New York $878,999,035 .... 20.2
Boston 104.565.M4 .... 15.S
Chicago 107.344.510
Philadelphia 64,113.443 .... 11.9
St. Louis 25.fi65.165 .... 6.9
Pittsburg 22,637.465 .... 42.9
Baltimore 16,834.54S .... 62.7
San Francisco 14,267.034 •• 18.8
Cmcinnatl 13.402.550 21.0
Kansas City 9,810.086 :5.4
New. Orleans 10,977,720 T3.4 ....
Minneapolis 7,425,7E5 , 22.4 ....
Detroit 6.625.933 ' 2.7
Cleveland 8,154,836 4.0
Louisville 7.5 M.814 11.2
Providence 6,675,700 .... ....
Milwaukee 6.158.433 12.9
St. Paul 3.EKM.O3S 2.2
Buffalo 4.027,233
Omaha 4.7J1.235 9.9
Indianapolis 4.867.542 22.6 ....
Columbus, O 4.015,500 29.6 ....
Savannah 8.092,499 136.5 ....
Denver 3.249,765 28.6 ....
Hartford 2.134,205 .... 8.7
Richmond 3,102,771 15.4
Memphis 3.501,179 106.4
Washington 1.853.800 4.9
Peorla 1.474.124 .... 8.1
Rochester 1.652.576 2.«
New Haven 1,189,422 .... 18.7
Worcester *.... 1.004,323 11.3
Atlanta 1.601.93S 19.9 ....
Salt Lake City..... 1,879,236 10.2
Springfield, Mass... 1.015,046 .... 35. D
Fort. Worth 1,039,342
Portland, Me 752,737 .... 87.7
Portland. Or 1.357.509 I 4.8
St. Joseph 2,913,251 45.2
Los Angeles 1.744.156 27.9 ....
Norfolk 1.238,769 25.3 ....
Syracuse 1,037.821 19.3 ....
Dea Motnes 1,081.603 ....
Nashville 786,507 17.8 ....
Wilmington, De 1.,.. '¦ 722,882 6.3
Fall River 884,423 .... 23.6
Scranton 925,600 .... ....
Grand Rapids 1,245,552
Augusta, Ga 1,686,068 207.1
Lowell 40«.276 88.8
Dayton, 0.... 967,655 60. 6 ....
Seattle 1.349,010 28.8 ....
Tacoma £03,190 14.4 .....
Spokane 823,014 2.1 ....
Sioux City... 5Q2.C64 .... 8.2
New Bedford 357,715 14.4 ....
Knoxville, Tern.... 610.622 6.2 ....
Topeka 590.679 . 7.0
Birmingham ....:.. 735,476 39.7 ....
Wichita 471,412 6.6 ....
Blnghamton ........ '297.100' 13.6
Lexington. Ky 364.166 25.0 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 749,298 32.4 ....
Kalarnazoo 358,79» 34.4 ....
Akron 369,700 29.3
Chattanooga 311,219 12.3
Roc Word, 111 274.255 7.8
Canton. 0.... 288,700 CO.O
Springfield. 0 345.945 8.7 ....
Fargo. N. D 285.615 .... ....
Sioux FalU. S. D.. 10.1.983 1.8
Hastings, Neb...... 167,387 55.5 ....
Fremont, N«:b 104,219 H.l
Davenport 590,049 .... ..,.
Toledo 1.955,643 .... ....
Galveston 6,548.000 57.0
Houston 6.429.424 35.7
Evansvllle 961,517 63.1
Youngstown "... 735,606 .... ....
Helena 451.505 19.9
Little Rock ;.. 630.175 112.0 ....
Macon . 657.000 5.8 *
Springfield, 111 209.110 .... 42.8
Saginaw 308,243
Totals, U. 5....51,389,255,879 16.0
Totals outside New
New York 610,296,844 7.4 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
M0ntrea1............ $13,623,880 .... 23.1
Toronto 9.866,539 2.2 ....
Winnipeg 1,733,543 • 18.2 ....
Halifax 1,282,746 28.0
Hamilton 749,174 10.9
St. John. N. B 678.304
Vancouver, B. C 775,369 85.5
Victoria, B. C 64g,960 9.6 ..."
Totals $29,114,620 .... 9.4
New York Grain and Produce.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Mar. May. July.
Opening <... B 8% 6 9*4 6 9*4
Cosing 5 8H 6 BT4 6 8%
PARIS.
Wheat— . Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 20 15 2115
Clcslng 20 15 2105
Flour-
Opening .' 26 20 27 40
Closing ..26 15 27 30
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. ZS.^ ATTl.E— Choice cattle,
nominally steady: others, steady to slow;
Texans, firm; good cows, about steady; others
10c lower; canners, strong; stockers and feed
ers, active, about steady; good to choice, $5®
6 85; poor to medium, $4@4 75; mixed stockers,
$3 40® 3 SO; selected feeders, $4 25® 4 75; good to
choice cows. $3 50®4 25; heifers, $3 2504 60;
canners, $2 25@2 90; bulls, $2 Co@4 25; calves,
J568: fed Texas beeves, $4@6.
HOGS— Active, steady to strong r top. $4 97*4;
good, clearance; mixed butchers. $4 70@4 95;
good heavy, $4 85@4 97*4; rough heavy. ?4 70®
4 SO; light, $4 Co@4 85; bulk of sales, «-» «^»c
4 90.
SHEEP— Steady; lambs, strong; native
wethers, $5©5 SO: Western wethers, $5@5 75;
lambs $5@7 13;. Western lambs, $6<f?7 05.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, 28,000; sheep,
? Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Feb. 23.^-Clearings, $495,812; bal
ances, $165,903. ! ...
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. 23.— 1n the local wheat
market to-day the outlook was anything but
pleasing from a seller's point of view. Most
of. the exporters declared themselves out of the
market giving as a reason the inability to
operate except at a loss : whlle the markets are
in their present weak state. Walla Walla. 53®
64c; valley. 62@53c; bluestem, 65®56c.
Cleared— British ship County of Merioneth,
lor Cape Town, with 6025 bushels wheat; Brit
ish steamer Ness, j for Vladivostok, with 34,300
barrels flour.
r WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 23.— Wheat off %c; club, 6Jc;
bluestem, 64c. } ;.-/> Ar-.rf/'V
., Foreign Markets.
, LONDON, Feb. 23.— Consols, 101*4; silver,
27Hd; French rentes, Wlf 17*4 c; wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on pas
sage, easier and neglected; English country
markets, quiet. .
• LIVERPOOL. Feb. 23.— Wheat, dull; wheat
in Paris, dull: flour in Paris, .dull: French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
warm and moist. • ,¦:"?.. *
COTTON— Uplands, 6*4 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 23.— WHEAT— Futures
closed steady; May. 6s 'ftd: July, 5s B%d;
spot. No. 1 Northern spring, dull. 6s %d.
CORN— Spot. American mixed, new. quiet;
3s 8d; American mixed, old. quiet, 3s B*4d;
futures, steady; February, 3s Sd; March, 3s Sd;
May, Ss 7Hd. _____«___
Business on the Bond Exchange on ta« morn
ing session was livelier than for some time.
Equitable Gas was lower at $433 87%. Oceania
at $34g93. Ilonokaa at 12% and Paauhau at
$25. Giant Powder 'advanced from $89.3 to
J3O 124-
Transactlons wert larat* on ths afternoon
call. Equitable Oaa declined to S3 75 and
Onomea to $34 C 2- Giant Powder continued to
Improve, touching $91 60.
Fair transactions were recorded In ta» oil
stocks.
The Buffalo Hump Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 1 per cent, payable Im
mediately.
The Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Com
pany will pay a dividend of 50 cents on th«
26th.
The regular and extra dividends, each 23
cents per share, will be paid on the 26ta by th»
Homestake Mining Company.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, F*b. IWJ p. m.
Bld-Aslc Bid.Aslc«
U S Bonds— Equit G L Co. 2\ —
4s quar coup.. 114 — Mutual El Co. — 12* i
<s quar reg.... — 11414 001.4 H.... 4«4 -
4s quar new... — 13S Pac Uas Imp.. 51 52
3s quar coup..Uo*i — Pac Light Co. 44 44*4
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 50«» S0 T ,
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 — San Francisco. 44 *\
C C Wat 5s 106*4 — Stockton Gaa.. 13 —
Ed I* A P 55..12» — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 — Flrem's Fund. 22B —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC A 3 645. 105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 88*4 —
HC & S 55...1«4 — Bank of Ca1. .404 —
I. A Ry 55.. ..1044105** Cal S D & T. 99*^100
L A L C.i 65.. — — First Xatlonal.2.V> 305
Do-gntd «s.. — — Lon P A A.. ..133 —
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Merchants* Ex — H
LA & P R~55.102 103% Nev Nat BTc... — —
Market-st 65... — — Savings Banks-
Do Ist m. 85. 113 — Ger S A L....1750 1525
NCN O R 7s.lM — Hum 3 A L... — —
NR of Cal 85.113*4 — Mat Sar 8k... 45 —
NR of Cal 65. 115 — 8 F Say V 806 —
NPC R R «».103 — Say A L 50.... 14 Ti
NP C R R55.10« — Sec Say 8k.... — —
NC R R 85. ..109 — Union T C 0.... — —
Oak OL&H 5s.lU — Street Railroads—
Oak Tran 65... 11 l 112V4 California lls —
Oak WCo 65. .105 — Geary-st JO —
Oceanic S3 C 0.105% — Market-st Ry. — fTf
Om CRy «•... - 12SH OS L A H.... - 69
P&CI Ry 65..104*4 — Presidio 13** —
P* AO Ry «s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 68.119X4 - California -....I*> 1™ >
Sac LGAR 5s — 100 Giant Con Ca 91 91*4
SF * SJV 65..1164 - Vlgorlt ........ 1 2*»
5Ry of Cal 6s. — 109 Sugar Stocks—
SPof A 65.. .1104- Hana HPCoI t%
SP O 45(1905).109% - Haw CASCo — -
SP C 6a(1906).113 U3 Honoka*. S Co. 18*4 —
SP C 63(1912). — — Hutch 3 PCo 25 25*4
SP C Ist c*ss - - Knauea 8 Co. 17*4 -
SPBr fa ™..K* - Makawetl SCo 45 45*4
a v Wa.t 6s 11« 1174 1 Onomea S Co. — 23
I V Wat 4s 103% - Paauaaa SCo 24* 25*4,
StVtn Gas 6s .102*4 — Al Pack Assn.ll9% —
Water Stock*- Cal Frt Assn. 99 100
Contra Ccs?a7. 14 74*4 Mer Ex Ass£. - 10«>
Marln County. 60 - Oceanic S Co. 92*4 93
Cent cf rtShV. - - Paint Co.. W -
Cent LA P- ** •
Morning Session. -
" Board— ¦ •".
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 119 59
M Alaska' Packers' Assn 119 73
SaX plckers'.'A.sn 120 00
lOOKqultabW Gas .......;.i.. 4 f*
100 Equitable Gas .. 3 87*4
60 Giant Powder Con 89 25
10 Giant Powder Con 89 80
60 Giant Powder Co,n 90 W>
5 Giant Powder Con 90 12*4
40 Hutchinson S P'Co .....: 23 CO
80 Hutchinson- S P'Co 25 25
170 Honokaa S Co N 00
s Oceanic S S Co. b 3 94 00
4 5 Oceanic S S Co. b 3 93 jnj
5 Oceanic S S Co b 3 . 93 50
10 Onomea Sugar Co 25 50
2-0 paauhau S Co 25 00
50 S F Gos & Electric Co 51 «o
80 S V Water ...../. 97 23
MS V Wat«r. a 30 J7 t3
5 s V, Water, cash ; 97 15
tttCO Lo» Angeles. Ry 5 per .cent bonds.. 165 00
Jtooo Market-st Railway Oo 5s ..US 00
' Street— ' __ .
JOOS F Gaslight -. 4 53
• ' Afternqon Session.
' " Board — •¦•*•')
60 Alaska Packers' -Assn 130 CO
125 Equitable , Gas 373
ICO Kqultable Oas .7 3 82^
70 Giant Powder Con ....; 91 00'
60 Gant Powder Con- .....*....;..... « 50
120 Giant Powder Con 1 .". 91 15
125 Honckaa S o .»...: 2S CO
SO Honokaa S Co .......*...».' is i»ti
125«Hcnokaa S Co .....' ;. a JJ
73 Honokaa S Co, s 90 23 23
8GET THE GENUINE.
Huiiy&di Janus
NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
For Disordered Stomach
For Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY, IS UNQUESTIONED.
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
MUO^Sdi J&I10S - ISA BwcMti necessity.
POSTUM CEBEAIi.
ALASKA WORKER.
Gained 44 lbs. by leaving Off Coffee
and Taking Postum Food Coffee,
Some people in Alaska have work to
<!o." A widow, Mrs. Adda Cross-
Icy oi Juncau, says she has* been dome
the cooking for eisrht men through the
¦winter, and during the summer . for
fifteen more. She went to Alaska an
inVaiid. and had been in poor health
four or five years before eoine. It
jeems that her sickness was cajirsed ami
kept rp by the use of coffee. When she
finally discovered the real cause • she
abandoned coffee, and, finding: "Posturn
Cereal Coffee in the stores, took up its
use. . #
She says: "I commenced • usine- it
once a day for two "months, then twice
a day. I only weighed 80 pounds when
I started, r.nd could hardly cet uo and
down the stairway. After leaving off
coffee and beginning, the use of Pos-
fjm I took up the work for eieht men.
I improved steadily,' and' in_ December
la?t weiphed 124 pounds, which is more
than I have weighed for 20 years. ;Mv
faccis round and ruddy. Friends say
if it'iras not for my cray. hair 'l; would
pass for 30 very easily. There -is 'no
doubt that the words on the famous
trademark, 'It makes red blood.' are
true."
Christian Science Discussed.
Judge William. G.Ewlng of Chicago,
who is a member-, of the international
board of lectureship. of the First Church
of Christ, Scientist, in Boston,. Mass., will
deliver a free lecture next Tuesday even
ing in Metropolitan Temple on "Christian
Science, the Religion- of Jesus Christ."
Judge Ewlng is well known as a distin
guished lawyer, and left his profession In
order that he mightdevote his life to the
cause of Christian " Science. The lecture
is to be given under the auspices of tho
First Church of Christ, Scientist, in this
city.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Steamer Thetis to Be Repaired for the
¦ Revenue Service.
Special Dloatch to The C&H.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— Senator Han
na to-day reported favorably from th«
Committee on Commerce Senator Perkins*
bill appropriating $50,000 for the repairing
and equipping of the steamer Thetis for
the revenue cutter service. The commit
tee in Its report states that it would.be
much more economical for the Govern
ment to make these repairs than to build
a new vessel for this sen-ice on the Alas
kan coast.
Senator Stewart of Nevada- yesterday
introduced a bill authorizing the Secre
tary of the Treasury to pay to Rlley Mqu
trey of Eanta Clara County, California,
$J9,000 as compensation for his heroic and
patriotic services in rescuing the Dormer
party of immigrants in 1*46 and 1547. near
Dormer Lake, in the Sierra Nevada Moun
tains. Representative "Waters Introduced
the same bill in the House.
P. J. Beveridge was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Hollywood, Los Angeles
County, vice L. Matthews, deceased; also
L. B. Cain at Staten, San Joaquln County,
vice S. W. Dye resigned.
Pensions: California — Original— Andrew
Neville. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $6.
Increase— Henry. S. Plxley, Lodi, $6 to $S;
Joseph Curtiss, Soldiers' Home. Los An
geles, $6 to flO.
Oregon— lncrease — Sims J. Ely, Nestoc
ton, $8 to $12; Noah Day; Grants Pass,
$5 to $12; Lewis E. Middlebusher, Eagle
Point. $S to $12. . .. ..
Washington— Original— "William Mcßich
znond, Chewelah, $5. Increase — John L,
Cross, Fruitland, $5 to $S.
MASONIC TEMPLE BURNED.
LONDON, Ont-. Feb. 23.— The Masonic
Temple was destroyed by. fire ; to-day.
Nothing remains but the walls. The
Great Western telegraph office. Shea's
wholesale liquor store, the offices of the
Northern Life Assurance Company, Parke
& Purdom, barristers; Roath . Brothers
and C. -E. Turner,. brokers; F. E.: Butler,
broker; Keene Furniture - Company, . the
Grand Opera-house, R.- G. Dun & Co. and
the Dominion - Loan and Savings Com
pany's place are all In ruins.
The Masonic Temple was the finest
structure in the city. .-The. loss is in the
neighborhood of $200,000. The fire is said
to nave originated on the stage of the
opera-bouse.
CONDEMN GOVERNMENT BEEF.
"Fresh Meat" From' the Philippines
Seized by the Health De-
partment.
Nearly 30,000 pounds of ,what was adver
tised ' aB" "fresh .beef" was condemned on
Howard-street wharf yesterday by Chief
Sanitary Inspector Dr. William P. Chalm
ers. The stuff was sent "from New York
to Manila on one of the transports. The
army authorities found it unfit for food
and shipped it to San Francisco. When
it arrived here the health department was
notified and a vigilant watch has. been
kept on the stuff. It was advertised to be
Bold by auction, but as soon as it was
landed yesterday Dr. Chalmers condemned
the lot. and splitting open the cans poured
coal oil into them. The consignment" cost
the Government at the rate of $7 23 per 100
pounds. *i X. • ' '• _ _ ¦ '
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
R'J Fraser. Sacto
C L Kin*, wf. Seattle
A Outtner, wf, lowa
Z E Buckner. Cal
A Green, Alaska
F Davis, Rio Vista
W M Llvermore, Cal
Capt Kelson. Monterey
E R Franklin. Los Ang
E Qulnn. San Diego
P Anderson, Cal
Capt T Rlley, SeattU
T B Simons. Portland
Mrs M Hamilton. Ohio
Miss L Hiehr. Ohio
W A Clark Ohio
M Lennon. Los Ang
F Lennon, Los Ans:
X W Clark. Los An«
O M Peterson. Cal
CAPITALIST IN
DURANCE VILE
Alfred Barker Arrested
in Sari Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 23.— Capitalist Alfred
Barker was a prisoner at the County Jail
all of* to-day. This state of affairs was
brought about through Mr. Barker ex
pressing a determination to take a trip
East before paying $6000 due the insolvent
Union Savings Bank on assessments
levied on 100 shares of stock owned by
Barker. "While supposed to be a prisoner
in every sense of the word. Capitalist
Barker was allowed the freedom of the
yard and office and made frequent trips
outside in search of cigars and refresh
ments.
A couple of weeks ago Ed Rea, attor
ney for the Union Savings Bank, secured
a warrant for Barker's arrest from Judge
Lorlgan on the ground that the capitalist
was about. to leave the State for the pur
pose of defrauding his creditors and es
peciaJly the Union Savings Bank, out of
JGOOO due on .assessments. Barker was
finally arrested, but released on J2OOO ball
pending a decision on a writ of habeas
corpus secured before Judge Hyland.
To-day Judge Hyland denied the writ,
holding that he had no right to review the
action of another branch of the Superior
Court and that the Supreme Court was
the proper court of jurisdiction. Barker
was at once remanded to the custody of
Sheriff Langford. '
Attorney Cothran, counsel for Barker,
at once left for San Francisco, where a
writ of habeas corpus will be sued out in
the Supreme Court.
When Judge Lorigan issued the order
of arrest he placed Barker's bond at
$5000. This is the amount of assessments
due the Union Savings Bank. It is said
that should the bond be given It could be
collected also for the assessment In case
the bank obtains Judgment against Bar
ker and that this is the cause of the legal
fight.*
Barker denounces his arrest as '¦ pplte
work of ex-Boss Rea. When the board of
directors to wind up • the affairs of the
bank was about to be named, - Barker
says, Rea wanted him to serve in the
directorate, buthe declined to do so, and
told Rea he did not consider him a fit per
son to conduct the affairs of the bank.
Since then, he declares, he has been perse
cuted by Rea.- -« "
GRAND HOTEL.
E W WakeCeld & w,|
' Sacramento : •
H StiHman Sacraxnnto ;
W Urbina &w. Cal I
E E Church. Rto. Vista \
MI Church. Rla V'lstat
II C Smith. Denison
J Reinmiller.-F^'nver ¦
L Miller. Rio Viita
T C-Ssankard; USA
B J Holland. S - Loren«o
C C-Horton, Reno I.
H T Jvron, Santa Crua I
R Ryder Jr, Berkeley
T H Sherman, Berkeley!
II J Rosers. Portland j
W Pollak Salem. Or |
I>r L M Thornton. Or I
B F Shepherd. Fresno'
W H Whylard. Harri
son Gulch ' ;
F O Xafziarer. Los Ans)
J T Redman. Tacoma- i
E G Bonner. Fresno .. I
W S Baker. Winters
A M Turner & w, Ca!
T Li Reed. Ree<i!ey
T H SlmnTOßdivGrasaV
E J^StftinionjJs. GrasaV
W S James. OoId.HUI
C Mltchel. N* V,
J A Gres^fte«l Bluff
L F Breuner. Sacto
Miss M Gentry. Cal
W L Jacobs. Salt Lake ¦
MYs W A Morehouse &;
cr.tld. Cal
Mrs G Yerrington. Oak'
H C Smita. Denison
C E GlMden. Uuton
S H Kambo. Boulder C
E V McCune. Salt Lit
Mrs McCooe. Salt Lake
RC Lund. Salt Lake
Mrs A T Burns. Oa'<l<l
Miss C A Martlnea. Cal
Miss S Kartlett. Bostn,
Miss A H Dougherty.
Liverraore
J Bat!. Ben Lomond
Mrs W C Potts. Aria
Mlsa I. R Potts. Mills
¦ Colleee
n R Osborn & w, S Cr
M F Cook. Cal
T B Russell. Haywanis
Mrs Russell. Hayward*
Mrs C P Lewis. Benlcia
Wm Plnkerton. IUr.:U
J P- Dunning. N V
C R Raster. Gr Rapid*
I V Shenard. X V
~) A Hunter. Ind
.' Rummelsberg, Cal
IT Bnilth. Crockett
A Ladd. O»4*n
C E Smith & v. Or
S P Hall & w. CaJ
Miss Hi::. Petaluma.
Miss H Weston, CaJ
W L Brown. Sar to
Miss Ward. Montana
R Rtce. Butte City
I R!ce. Butte City
Miss Beznls. Montana
PALACE HOTEI
Mrs A Armstrong. Cal
A J Froebllch. Placer
W W:laiaeson. geaul*
R A Plnkertcn. N V
Mrs R J Burdette, Cal
Mrs S Jewett. C&J
J Cronin. Spokane
F M Whitney. Cal
C W Thompson & w,
•Yokohama • ' " " ¦ *
W tT Bierce. Yokoham
Mrs M Stanford. H I
A Tlson & w. X V
C E Jacox. Cal
t, C BrwKett & w. Cal
Mrs J- J Moor*. Oaklnd
Mrs Chase. Oakland
J M Erans. Oakland
F L Thresher. Cal * j
G O Chase. Oakland.
E O Ferris. Minn
F B Johnson, Mlna
M Schwedosky, N V ,
C Muckens. X C - -
G RondroiC Belgium
F J Carman BakrsSd
G DoTTOing & w. N T
R M Tarleton. Md
J Edesheim. N V V*<
M H Starr. N V
M Starr. St Louis
F Ferguson. St Louis
J J McCarthy A w. 111
B I Ashman, Conrv
E W Furbush. Boston
W D NeUnn & w Ilf.
J P Gler. Chicago .-;
F P Dunne. Cfctca*o
F J Carolan, Burlnirmi
W A Junker, Del Mnte
J Williams * w. Mans
Miss. Williams. Mass
C t) Seas & w. Boston
H P Nye, San Diego
D A Copeland, Slanfrd
J Hatch, Saa Jose
D H Morsan. USX
L. Gullßjer Jr. Cal
O L Sewartf. Cal
E Church!!!** w. Nap*
BIG BENEFIT FOR THE BOERS.
TTansvaal Committee Completes Ar-
rangements for the Entertain
ment To-Night. '-^-.;
The Transvaal committee of California
held an enthusiastic meeting in room 103
of the Phelan building last night for the
purpose of completing arrangements. for
the big Boer benefit to be given in Met
ropolitan Temple to-night. Mrs. L. C. Ca
nopius, chairman of the auxiliary, re
ported that a large number of tickets had
been disposed of, and the entertainment
committee submitted an elaborate i pro
gTamme for the occasion. -
Vice President Canopius, who presided,
announced that he had received donations
of $200 from the Hanover Verein and $209
from Boer sympathizers of Sacramento.
The total amount in the hands of the
treasurer; exclusive of the amount-real
ized front the sale of tickets to the con
cert, is $435. 95.
Resolutions were adopted denouncing
the action of Secretary of State Hay in
seeking to discredit the statement of ex-
Consul Macrum and attempting to aid the
British by secret methods. A committee
was also' appointed to draft resolutions,
copies of which are to be sent to.all-the
Senators and Representatives in Congresi,
denouncing the repeated violations of in
ternational law on the part of the British
Government in seizing food stuffs en route
to the Boers on the high seas. The pro
gramme for the benefit concert to-night
is as follows: : ¦:;
Organ solo, "Prayer of the Boers," -Profes
sor E. Werner: address by ex-Judge M.
Cooney; violin «010. selected, Bernhard Mol
lenbauer. accompanied by Miss Willis Batch
elder; "So Welt," Arlon Singing Society, con-,
ducted by Professor H. Holrhauer;. "Trans
vaal Hymn." Miss Sannie Kruger: war song,
"Huguenots," Slgnor Abramoff; "Thy Voice
Doth Thrill My Heart," Miss Emllle Neu
berf "Ehrt Die Deutsche Sprache," Arlon
Slnsln* Society; aria, "N'ebuka," Signor Ab
ramoff; selected. Miss Sannie Kruger; "War
March of the Priests." from "Athalia." by
Professor Ernest Werner.
OF REPUBLICAN
PARTY LEADERS
Major McLaughlin Is
in Accord.
READY TO, ISSUE A NOTICE
PROMPT DENIAL OF A STATE
MENT TO THE CONTRARY.
Republicans Are Ready to Take De
cisive I>eparture From the Prin
ciple of Recog^nizLng Hail- •
road or Boss Decrees.
According to the provisions of the Po
litical Code of California Presidential
Electors and members of Congress are
State officers and therefore must be'nom
inated and placed on the. ticket as the
election laws of this State direct. Dele
gates to a State or Congressional district
convention called for the purpose of
choosing delegates to represent the State
or any Congressional district of the State
In a national convention are not classed
as State officers and no provision is made
for their choice In the law relating to pri
mary elections, j
The point is raised by leading poli
ticians, therefore,' that, the delegates
chosen by the Congressional districts to
elect delegates to the national convention
of either " party cannot under the law
place on the ticket to be voted for by
the people a candidate for Congress. Be
fore the primary election law was enacted
it was the custom of delegates attending
a State convention for the purpose of
selecting delegates to the national con
vention to separate from the main body
and organize Congressional district con
ventions and then proceed Immediately to
the nomination of candidates for Con
gress. •
According to the call of the National
Republican Committee "the Congressional
district delegates shall be elected. by con
ventions called by the Congressional com
mittee of each district In the manner of
nominating the candidate, for Represen
tative in congress." The language of the
call in this respect is so clear and sig
nificant that primary elections corre
sponding to the system provided in the
primary election law must be held to
choose delegates to tha Congressional
district convention.
Many questions for the Republican State
Central Committee to consider are • pre
sented, hence an early meeting of that or
ganization is desired by Republican
voters,- who are earnestly In favor of-har
monizing all the differences In the party
without making a single concession to tha
railroad or boss influences. The remark
Is frequently made that no political party
can win in California without the support
of the Southern Pacific Railroad. It is
called to mind that Estee was defeated
for Governor because the railroad ¦ sup
ported Stoneman. Whether the assertion
be correct or false, the time has come
for the Republican party, through the
confidence of the people, to take a de
cisive departure from the principle of rec
ognizing the railroad power as the gov
erning agency in California, .
It was said at Sacramento by the fol
lowers of Burns and Herrin that the
Southern Pacific never lost a battle for
the Senatorship in a California Legisla
ture. The old-time adherents of the cor
poration regarded resistance to the rail
road decree as political suicide, but the
independent Republican of the Legisla
ture, sustained by an independent press
and the prestige of the people, resisted the
decrees of the arrogant corporation and
won a battle which emancipated the State
from the rule of bosses. The voters of
the party ought to be -as bra\'e and alert
as were their representatives at Sacra
mento. ; •• '•«.
Yesterday evening Major McLaughlin
sent word to this Journal that the pur
ported interview with him. published in
the Bulletin, was false. Major McLaugh
lin stands ready to cull a meeting of the
State committee for an early date. As
soon as a proper request is presented to
him he will issue a nctice for members of
the committee to assd-mble.
BARBED WIRE ON
HORSE'S TONGUE
TREATED LIKE
WILD BEASTS
Brutal Deed of an Un
known Miscreant.
Horrors of the Wardner
"" "Bull Pen."
Epe-cta.l WsjuUch to Th« Call
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.-The Investi
gation of the action of the military and
civil authorities in the Coeur d'Alene riots
was continued by the House Committee
on Military Affairs. H. W. Stlnson testi
fied at length as to life In the "bull pen,"
where the accused miners were Incarcer
ated. His description was supplemented
by a large number of photographs show
ing the prison lnclosure, consisting of a
number of rude shanties surrounded by a
wire f ence» . The witness was a ' School
Commissioner and was removed for al
leged sympathy with the miners and sub
sequently arrested. He said the "bull
pen" was very filthy. The men ate off
the ground and the food was bad. There
were practically no sanitary arrange
ments. The witness said his mall was
opened. On one occasion, when his wife
was badly injured and in a delicate con
dition, he was refused permission to go to
her.
Stinson also told of the guardhouse, a
part of the "bull pen," where he and
others were held most of the time. Rain
beat through it and the - inmates were
often soaking wet. The Btraw had been
trampled Into the ground and the officers
in charge of the United States forces re
fused to allow hay to be brought In.
Many drunken soldiers were put in the
guardhouse with the accused.
An army officer, he said, ordered a cor
poral to take a cigar from the witness,
and when the latter threw the cigar
down the officer reduced the corporal to
the ranks for not snatching it. The offi
cer ordered that the men be treated with
severity.
Extended- discussion occurred t among;
members of the committee over the ef
fort of Lentz and Sulzer to introduce a
newspaper Interview with Bartlett Sin
clair, the Auditor of Idaho. The commit
tee finally voted not to admit that line
of testimony. Sulzer noted an exception,
and Lentz said the House was a superior
body to which appeal could be made.
SAN" RAFA-EL. Feb. 23.— Unreasoning
revenge is the apparent motive for an act
<>f brutality committed on a horse belong
ing to Carl Webber of Corte Madera by
an unknown miscreant this morning.
The animal's tongue was almost cut in
half by a piece of barbed wire which was
twisted round it. Several boys passing
Webber's barn, which etands In an iso
lated position, at that time were startled
by the ecreain of a horse In agony. En
tering the barn, the horse, a valuable ani
n*a!, was found rolling on the ground,
-Ahile blood poured from between its lips.
At the same - time a man, who had lain
concealed behind some hay. rushed out of
the door and made good his escape. Af
:• -r a short pursuit the boys notified Sta
tion Agent Blake at Corte Madera, who
telephoned Frank Treanor, special officer
. : the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. Blake then hastened
to the relief of the tortured animal, but
iSttle could be done to alleviate Its suffer
ing until the arrival of Treanor, who found
ibp wire had been wrapped twlc« round
the anitnals' tongue and twisted with the
aid of pincers till buried in the flesh.
Treanor. with much difficulty, severed the
wire. Upon its removal the " animal's
tongue ewelled to such a size that breath-
Ing became difficult and it had to be
brougtet to San Rafael and the injured
member laiiced by Veterinary M. Murray.
whejo it became reduced in Eire.
This U the second case of Inhuman
treatment of horses. which has occurred
In the county within a short time and
fc-ellng In the community runs high. Wil
liam Vanning, a milkman, was the other
man to subject a horse to almost the
t=am* treatment, though in his case the
tor.g-ue was pulled completely out.
Officer Treauor stated to-night that he
had a clew to the Identity of the perpetra
tor of the act and a prominent citizen of
Corte Mad«?ra. an enemy of Webbers. Is
th» man puspected. Judge Gardner to
night Issued a John Do* warrant ior the
¦unknown ralgcr'j'anfg arrest. , ¦
Lecture by a Salt Lake Rabbi.
Rev.G.'H. Loewenstein, a young :rabbl
of Salt Lake. r who has been attending the
B'nai " B'rith Grand :• Lodge"* In - thi» : city.
lecturled on "Shifting the Responsibility"
In -the -synagogue of the congregation
Sherith, Israel .corner: of Taylor.and Post
streets, last night.' The-youngr rabbit who
Is - a graduate ' of the < Hebrew - Union Col
lege at Cincinnati, was introduced by Rey.
Dr. . Nleto. < and handled> his subject in a
masterly manner.
Art From the Far East
Under the auspices of the Sketch Club
and the Association of Allied Art. a most
interesting and Instructive" exhibition of
Oriental art was opened to thepublic yes
terday In the rooms of the club 'at 1308
California" street. The. rooms, in* -which
the- textiles, metals, ceramics; woodwork
and other samples of Eastern art are to be
seen are most . tastefully arrangred, Asia
Minor. Persia and India- being principally
represented. The management has as far
as possible selected only those articles
having some Mohammedan .significance.
Among those to- contribute articles- are:
Mr. and Mrs. S. C. Bigelow, Mr. and Mrs.
David Bixler. Mrs. ; E. •S. Howard. . Mrs.
Ralph*' C. Harrison," Mrs. "Mary Crocker,-
Mrs. Thomas Bishop/ Mrs. Loosley. Mrs.
William H. Crocker, Miss Hamlln, Mr?.,
Irving M. Scott, Mrs. W. S. Wood.-H. E.:
Benguist, Miss Bentrulst: Rose Soule, Mrs.
Fred \ Vaughan, • Mrs. James. Hasbrook.
Mehran* Bros., Fred -\ Zeile. Khouri '&
Hasse, Mrs. John. Gillig. Miss. Stow and
others. - ••¦ • ;-¦¦ » ¦ ' • ¦ .
The exhibition : will ; be ? open. until^late
to-night. '? ;•¦ , *..."¦" . ~* r.,
Call for Father Laffin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. Feb. 23.— Father Laffln,
for some time assistant priest In this
parish, has been called to Eureka, Hum
boldt County, and left for his new charge
to-day. _
Bard Will Leave Monday.
LOS ANGELES. Fob. 23.— United States
Senator Thomas R. Bard will leave for
Washington on Monday next to take his
seat In the Senate. • ¦ •
The Lord Mayor's Thanks.
Tb« British Consul General has Just re
ceived an acknowledgment from the Lord*
Mayor of London of the receipt of the
Fcm of tUO6 K>. remitted as a' first install
ment of contributions to th«v Mansion
House relief fund. The Lord^ Mayor de
sired him to convey "his Lordships sin
ceie thanks to the British residents in
California who furnished the handsome
•donation." : .
MUSICAL PEOPLE MEET.
Harmonic Society to Give Its First
Rehearsal Friday Evening.
The Harmonic Society, the new musical
organization 1 that is being formed by a
number of celebrities in the local world
of harmony, held Its second preliminary
meeting yesterday afternoon in the par
lors of the Occidental HoteL
\V. A. Morrison, president pro tern., oc
cupied the chair and listened to the re
ports of the various committees and the
numerous suggestions . that were offered
by those present on matters pertaining to
the new club's Interests.
It was finally decided to hold a rehearsal
at 8 o'clock next Friday night in the Su
preme Court building, corner of McAllister
and Larkin streets, for the purpose of get
ting together those interested in things
musical and seeing whether a really-all
star organisation cannot be secured. ¦ ¦
Hermann Genss will direct the rehearsal
and it is the wish of those belonging to
the Harmonic Society that members of
the different church choirs endeavor to be
present, as it is said they contain the
greater part of the real genius of the
city. • -
Suicide of a Prisoner.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Feb. 23:— Low Sing,
the Chinaman recently convicted of mur
der at Bingham City and sentenced to be
shot, committed suicide by hanging him
self In his cell this morning.
FOOTPAD FONTE TRIES
SUICIDE IN HIS CELL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Feb. 23.
Fred Fonte. the last member of the foot
pad gang who made his confession to
Chief of Police Hodgklns a few days ago,
to-day tried to commit suicide in his cell
in the City Prison. He took nearly all of
a bottle of medicine which had been left
for him by Health Officer Todd, and which
contained ingredients which would have
caused death If taken In quantities large
enough.
When Jailer Curtlss made his rounds a
few hours after he went on duty this
morning he found Fonte In his cell uncon
scious. Health Officer Todd was sent for
and it took three hours' hard work to
place the young footpad out of danger.
Fonte declines to give any- reasons for his
attempted suicide and he pursues his pol
icy of refusing to talß for publication.
It is pretty certain that young Fonte
regrets nls confession which he made to
the Chief of Police some days ago. He
fears that he will -be considered a stool
pigeon by his former companions and he
fears the effect that his confession will
have upon his parent?, who have always
believed him to be innocent of the crimes
charged against him. . His people are very
well-to-do and respected residents of East
Oakland and the lad has shown some feel
ing over their sufferings because of his
crimes.
"I think that it was a case of attempted
suicide, said Chief of Police Hodgklns;
"but the boy will be all right. He has
been very much afraid of being charged
with being a stool plpeon by his old com
panions, and as his -health is not good
I think that It has preyed upon his mind
so that he tried taking poison."
Fonte will probably not be prosecuted
very severely, as he Was the least active
of the gang that terrorized Oakland for
so long. All of the gang save Lynch are
now In custody, ana most of them are
serving sentences in State prisons.
CATHEDRAL COUNCIL'S
ANNIVERSARY BALL
Handsome Women in Endless Num
ber Danced at. Native Sonsf
HalL
There was an extraordinarily large
crowd of handsome young ladies, with
their escorts, in Native Sons* Hall last
night on the occasion of the third anni
versary ball of Cathedral Council of the
Young Men's Institute. The hall was very
tastefully decorated in white and silver,
together with bunches of ferns here and
there. The galleries were draped with
festooned Nile green and white draperies
and on the stage were a number of living
pines to conceal the orchestra. The ma
jority of the ladles were in full evening
costume and the gentlemen \in evening
dress, and as the 200 couples.- led by W. E.
and Mrs. Dorn. moved there was pre
sented a remarkably pretty sight. During
the grand march Miss E. Lundberg dis
tributed neat souvenir programmes to the
gentlemen and P. J. Farrell distributed
like, favors to the ladies. The programme
numbered sixteen dances. William F.
Humphreys was the floor manager and
Joseph A. Orr hh? assistant." The floor
committee was composed of Messrs. A.
W. Dolard. Dr. James H. O'Connor, Al
bert H. Qua'tman. R. E. Martinez, W. A.
O'Leary and Dr. W. C. Hopper.
PLEDGES TO BE
RENEWED WITH
Ceremonies at the
Cathedral.
— _ «—.« — .
EDIFICE WILL BE CROWDED
~ — . ? r .
THREE:. THOUSAND VOICES TO
BE~ : RAISED IN SONG. V ;
Members of the League of the Cross
to Take a Solemn Obligation To-
Mon'ow . Afternoon-^— Order
of Exercises. '
St Mary's Cathedral will b« crowded to
its doors to-morrow afternoon. It will be
the occasion of the most important event
in the yearly calendar of the League of
the Cross Cadets, and every member of
the popular organization will be In attend
ance to renew the pledges taken the pre
vious year. Every cadet in the regiment
will be attired in his neat uniform and
will march to the cathedral with his re
spective company.. The renewal of pledges
Is held on the Sunday preceding Lent and
is a memorable event In the lives of the
youths who compose the organization. •'
The services will be solemn and impres
sive. They will consist of the singing of
sacred hymns, prayers,- sermon, renewal
of pledge and benediction of the blessed
secrament. The" slnglnpr of the "Te Deum"
will conclude the exercises. •
At least 3000 voices will be heard In the"
singing of the hymns. Every Junior branch
and cadet company has been holding spe
cial rehearsals for the singing, and It is
expected that It will be the- finest ever
heard in any church In this city. The fol
lowing hymns will be rendered: "Come,
Holy Ghost," "To Jesus' Heart All Burn-
Ing." "O. Salutarls Hostla," "Tantum
Ergo" and the "Te Deum.',' Rev. Father
J., J. Prendergast, V. G., will preach the
sermon.
At the conclusion of the services a pa
rade and review of the First Regiment.
League of the Cross Cadets, will be held
on Van Ness avenue. This will be wit
nessed by thousands, as the organization
is famed for being excellently drilled and
splendidly equipped. It is understood that
this will be the last time that Its com
mander. Colonel William P. Sullivan, the
Chief of Police of this city, will be Seen
at their head, as he will shortly tender his
resignation because of his important'du
ties. .. -¦ - -?-•..
THE SA3T .FRAXCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1900.
GULLIBLE MEN
VICTIMIZED BY
A YOUNG WIDOW
She Mixed Matrimony
With Business.
HER CUNNING ADVERTISEMENT
PRETENDED TO OWN GRAVEL
MINES AND REAL ESTATE.
»
Several of Her Dupes Appear in
Judge Conlan's Court to Give
Their Testimony Against
Her.
The ways of a wily woman In re&chln*
the pockets and hearts of susceptible men
were detailed in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday afternoon, when Mrs. Martha K.
Brauhard of Sacramento, a plain looking
woman about 35 years of age, appeared on
her preliminary examination . on tha
charge of felony embezzlement, preferred
by J. M. Leeper, a guest at the Manches
ter Hotel.
From the evidence of Leeper'and other
dupes of the woman, she kept an adver
tisement In the matrimonial papers
throughout the "country, as follows: "A
nice-looking:, retpectable young 1 widow,
no children, has large real estate and min
ing property, owns also a fine country
home within a short distance of Sacra
mento, wishes to become acquainted with
an honest .workingman. All letters an
swered. Intention matrimony." She kept'
as a blind an employment ag-ency in Sac
ramento and her mall was extensive.
It was proved yesterday by George Hof
meister, Assessor of El Dorado County,
that she was known as Mrs. Martha E.
Brauhard, Mrs. Martha E. Maxwell ana
Mrs. Martha E. McManus, and she owne-1
100 acres of grazing land, valued at $250
altogether. J. F. Mello of Volcano, Ama
dor County, also testified that she owned
a quarter-section of grazing: land in that
county, but there was no mine on It.
Among her victims who testified were
A. D. Witt and D. W. Norman of Sacra
mento and Leeper, the complaining wit
ness. "Witt saw her advertisement in a
Minnesota matrimonial paper and came to
Sacramento after corresponding with her.
She got $250 out of him before he knew
that he had been swindled. He would
have married her, but she begged off.
Norman was more fortunate, as she only
got $15 from him. Leeper was the worst
of the trio. She succeeded in getting STwO
out of him by selling his lodging-house at
21S Eddy street. He also was willing to
marry her.
She would eend her victims to the land
in Amador and El Dorado counties to
work in the supposed mines on shares, and
there was nothing but a tunnel on each,
which had been made by. the- victims. It
was roughly estimated that about 200 men
had been sent to work in the tunneU dur
ing the past few months.
The police are endeavoring to find aa
many victims as possible, and a bench
warrant was Issued yesterday for the ar
rest of Thomas Hirst of Oakland, who
dropped $600 to the pretended widow. An
other victim was around the courts lan
Tuesday who mourned the loss of .slo>3o,
but he refused to Kive his name. The po
lice are trying to find him. The case was
continued till this morning.
Greatest "¦. Nerve and itaod tonic'
N<k 2. |wi B Sb V-'Sh | b No. 2,
' I have gl-ren personal inspection to the working' of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
mast say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
v D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical CoTlere.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. 8. f. No. 2 WILL CURE.
. RHEUMATISM, no matter how loner staodiar' Any cas« of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if tlie patients have been for years forced to im
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. AJJY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Impotency that can be enred, and permanently restore youthful Tlror and
vitality. It it no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Win core any case •{
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varlcocele. Will remofe ea-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the aborc. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis. Locomotor
Ataxla, Spinal Trouble and apparently Incurable diseases of the aerfes. "
M. I. S. T. basbeeaon the market for orer 20 years, acd has- cured thousands of suff-
erers. It is prescribed by leading 1 physicians allorer the country. ¦It is pleasant to take and
EBB SBBh Suß SS2L 1 absolutely safe. It ne»« increases or diminishes the action of the
K_ Kj9 Ebi Hoi heart - If T oa are suffering- from any chronic disease you are urjred to '
H™|k If BP write to us, no matt»r how many doctors or Windsor medicine* Ton .
M M B Pan Km bare tried without relief WE . GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU. . ;
™»""™^™ That /on may judpe of the Talue of the Great Specific for yoarself. J
we will send you one larga case by mall FREE.only asking- that .
wh«a cared yourself yon will recommend It to otters. Write confidentially to ottr medical
department, giving- symptoms.- $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Address M.I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0..";
ENGLISH RESIDENTS SEND
NURSE TO SOUTH AFRICA
51 r» IS3 AN"NA GARLICK. a Red Cross nurse, left last evening for
f/Wf\ South Africa to look after' the sick and wounded In the English
// )( \i ranks. The English residents of this city have raised $1000 to pay
il t*u* 1^ MIES Garlick's expenses and she goes to the seat of war at the
Instance or those patriotic Britishers, who. though far from home,
etiil love the mother country- • **\.
When the English residents decided to send a nurse to South Africa they
- consulted the ladles of the Red Cross, who, cognizant of Miss Garllck's splen
<iid work In the Philippines with the California boys, unanimously . decided to
Indorse her papers- Besides the splendid indorsement of the Red Cross
ladies Miss Garlick carries with her the Indorsement of the British Consul.
W. Clayton Pickerygill. and a personal letter from Mrs. Harrington to Mr.
Choate, whom the lady will meet in London. Miss Garlick's itinerary' is
from San Francisco to New York, then to London and from the world's
metropolis to South Africa. " -""T":";
, ¦ . Miss Garlick spent more than a .year with the California boys in the Phil
ippines and shared with them their triumphant welcome home. -The boys re
ferred to her affectionately as ''mother" and they have many tales. to tell of
. her sacrifices for them and her untiring devotion to their welfare.
¦ i
if In Next PsP s
C<)O * ' • "W % k
immtg Sundav^s P^g,-
SS eg iJUIIUUy >3.-..¦¦3 .-..¦¦ fe So.;;
I 1 Call • • i I"
go 3£ V^rfUll* February 25- 3g jfe--
ojg §i California's Senators. 3s
aS, 3g How They Were §» g|
5p 35 Elected. v ~ g afcj
Si §i Are the Sacred Grounds 5 iji '
Sic °jg of Berkeley to Be ijji $i
|c IE Desecrated? eg ¦¥.;
ig P Where the Presidential gg S
1% p Candidates Will Be is g-
t& jfe Nominated. • 2p S
|fi Sg The Bernardihes Sg a?j : ;
jg 2g ; vin the So S
: jj| '§E Heart, of the Pyrenees. o« «*¦.•
3§ 3 Character; Sketches of § 3£
S Sf the "Mud Hens.^ iS g
g S" "The S U i c ides in Gojden §
f h S The Home Life of Mrs. 3*
IE 'i Ho Vow. ¦•£
-'- coo' ¦'. * - ¦ ©to -
¦•**•¦ 000
o>o - '¦-- -- -• -• - - •• • - _ cQQ;
9
ADVERTISEMENTS. ....ANY proposition, any amount: B. per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $50
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan 632 Market.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos: 3 per
cent; no removal; no commission. R. 81, I Eddy.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Exchange. 431
California st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate, Ist or 2nd ; mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
; lowest rates. BECKER & CO., 2j Montgomery.
AT 1.6 Kearny st., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel, Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
63 and 63, Donohoe building. 1110 Market st
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 338 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT Hi per cent per month, on furniture. 1302
Polk st. OTTO MAX.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
- lndo— er. MORRELL.' 6O9 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
FLATS TO LET,
BOWIE aye.. 5. off Eleventh it.— Flat of 3
rooms: bay window. and hall; cheap rent.
$20— FLAT; 6 rooms and bath. 16 Pearl st, bet
Valencia, and Guerrero. . ,
GROVE, 527.; bet. Octavla and Laguna— Lower
Cat; 4 rooms and yard; rent $10.
WANTED
Driver for mllkwagon route In city; ; young
single man - with references: $35 per month
and found. Wff-D. EWER & CO.. ¦ 610 Clay.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
" organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy, 630 Market, • downstairs. ¦ •:
BARBERS' • Progressive v. Union— Free < employ-
ment. H. : Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— First-class carriage painter. Call
a. LIOOKEB & Ca 1 S, li Drumra 8U
r_AL ESTATE COCSTRY — For Sal*
A~LOVELY INCOME HOME AND UNEQUAL
SO acres rich loam; no adobe: fenced; S fields;
M hiehly cultivated: 30 wooded hill pasture;
25 acres bearing orchard; S-room residence:
large barn: poultry >arranzements; a living
springs, trout creek and wells: fine road ad-
jacent to Napa: Including stock and tools,
only $5500.
N. D. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT.
10 Geary st. opp. Chronicle building. S. T.
15S0O— DOWNTOWN Investment: rents $35.
$2500— Residences south of Golden Gata Park.
$1850— Lots on Stanran st.
' Other lots In different Darts of the city and
some bargains In Oakland and Alameda.
J. FRANKEL. I*M> Sutter st. room T5.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. near Call bldg..
sells and exchanges city realty and farms In
all parts of California; call on him.
J. W. HORN. 813 Main st. Petaluma; real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Sonoma County bargains*
$225— LODGING-HOUSE. 12 rooms, for sale
bargain. 130 Second st. ;.no agents.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1G pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St. 8. X.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
BOOKKEEPING as it is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant, Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year cot positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market at.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mcch., survey, assay, archi.; day and even.;
est. 18«: VAN DBU NAILLEN. 933 Market
TO "Morning Call Home Study" readers—
Classes forming; French conversation. 'Mer-
cantile Library, 530 G. G. aye.. r. 6, 6; hrs. 2-g.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or clans. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission
ESPINA", Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan. building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeoping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CIVIL service coaching;, day,, evening. San
Francisco Business College, 1236, Market st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof, Merkl, success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission;best methods.results.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Flllppe's Acad-
emy of languages. 32o Fo»t;est.lS7l;ablest profs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin) reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary; r. 47.
CLASSES In German. French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by 'mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
FOR Bale chepj> — Branch baker y and confection-
ery; near school; owner leaving town. Apply
Seventeenth and Sanchez ft*.
KOR sale— lCW-gallon tank, windmill and
pump. IS2S Fifteenth st-
PARTNER— JIOO cash, balance on time; In old
<?sia).)l.!Fh«><i «.!oon; investigate. 7S Third i>t.
FIP.ST-CLASS Miloon; fine fixtures; good busi-
nsss; for sale cheap. Box 10S4. Call office.
TO LET— Cafe privilege at Lurllne Baths. Bush
end Larkin ets. Apply on premises.
FOB ea!? — Oood paylnir ret=t»ur_nt near the
v-ater front: rent paid till March 10. Inquire
at 12 WafhlnKtoti et
FOR sale— Old-established restaurant: good
business; cheap: v'ekne-s. Box 4KS. Call.
TO let— liarber shop, 2 chairs; rent cheanT"
ApjiZy ~4t'/» Seventh nt. '
CANDY «iore and factory wanted; principals
only: must be In city. Box 4266. Call office.
BARBER shop. Isc, for sale; bargain If sold
this WMk. Apply 1227 Pacific et.
EMALL fruit etore for sale; cheap. 1600 Mis-
elon >t -
KARTIN ARONSOHN. Notary Publlo-Offlce
with A. M. S&eck & Co.. real estate. 667 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Third: telephone Main ttfft; resi-
dence riO3 Oeary et^
2CEW bakery or laundry: --can milk wagon; 2-
*eated spring w«Lgon; 3 grocery or delivery
wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
WANTED— Notion and variety store; must be
cheap. Box 26X2. Call office.
KOirTE ©r *4« papers on this paper for .ale.
Box C. Oakland Postofflce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA.W ELL & CO.. 412 E.craxaent. *_.
MODERN' flats— ssBoo: containing I and t rooms
ea?h- highlydecorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: 831 Waller St., on.
block from Halght and Pierce; easy terms.
F NELSON. Builder.
NO. 1 butcher business, SI' 1 *); fixtures, horses,
ar.i warms <x>*t (COu bargain. Apply
Butcher. 37S Ehotwell st.
DENTISTS.
k— DR. T..S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market Et. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, ga* or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic oVntal
wcrk at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays. '
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $3; a
full tet of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; tee our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; .fillings, COc; crowns, %i 50; all work
f>alnle«i and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors. 24 Sixth gt
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket et. cor. 4th, rm. 7 Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without pl-tes our specialty: gold crowns,
S3 SO up: plates, extractions free: $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, t a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK.' 10 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5: gold crowns. $3: new
methods !n bridge work: fillings, gold, $1 up;
•liver. £Oc; painless extraction. sOc: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM' HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and flllln-js a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bu*h— •
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 230."
GUARANTEED dentistry; $1 week; we refer to
6000 patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market at. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. ¦ H. 57
YOtTNG. 1841 Polk at
OHIO Dental: P«riors. In?. ;, 8 graduate opera-
ton; open evenings and Sundays. SSQ Market.
REAL *ESTAT_! — CITY— FOn SALE.
E^DTsTTNXA^l—A^ri^WOß^rar
Large lot: north side; unsurpassed location
for flats: present Improvements of little Taiua
but would rent for $30 a month; must _• sold
soon.
THoIPmTgEE St SONS. Real Estate. Agents.
5 Montgomery st
MONEY TO LOAN
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d morN
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r 3
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 846 Market
st : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE!.
52 ROOMS: fine corner: clears $250 $1800
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.. 900
7-room house; only. 150
24 rooms; easy payments bOO
32 rooms; corner; 0n1y....; ? 1200
10 rooms on O'Farrell st 323
10 rooms on Taylor St.; worth $800 450
32 rooms: corner; clears $150 1600
Corner on Market; clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4SOO
Mod. house; elev.; clears $500; 84 rooms... 6500
Tel. John 51. H. C. DECKER.
1020 Market St., opp! Fifth.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. near Call bldg.
7 rooms; rent $25 ." $175
10 rooms; rent $35......... ;... $375
35 rooms; a fine money maker.". $900
.6 rooms; corner; all light rooms $1000
$2DO— 10-room lodglng-houee, near Market St.;
rooms always full; a good paying proposl-
tlon; rent $25. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
TO trade for lodging-house In this city — A lot
In Portland. Or. M. LESS. 765 Market St.
LODGING HOUSES and good HOTELS at
honest prices; money loaned buyers. Rooms
1 and 2. 917 Market st. - • -
AN elegant 11-room house." north of Market St.;
new furniture: cheap: low rent. Pacific State*
7 Realty Co.. 320 Parrott building.
A DESIRABLE, large, good-paying; transient
house; north of Market; will stand- Investiga-
tion. Pac. States Realty Co., 330 Parrott bl*.
875 WASHINGTON st. Oakland. 14-room house
• for sale cheap; call; see party. - ".
t-CHAIK hotel barter shop; center of city. Ap-
ply JJECKKLMAN BKOo.. 106 Ellis et.
BRANCH bakerj'. notions and laundry, gro-
cery and j»a])cr agency; doing good business;
f.ne location; 4 rooms; large yard and *rar-
<?en; pai'f-rs and laundry pay rent; $650.
Uox 23. Call branch. 306 Eleventh Et.
BESTAi: rKANT for sale: only one In reach of
4 factories employing 1000 people; restaurant
seats 87; also yard with 20 chickens; cause,
elcknesr. COS Seventh Bt.
KEPTAUrtANT; Bood business; first-class loca-
tion; cheap: r*ason for seWnr, other busi-
ness- I'JJ Fourth st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Records, 52-lnch horn, films, etc.,
for concert phonograph and projectoscope.
Apply at 1358 Market st FOSTER.
WANTED— To buy or rent a medium size port-
able rock crusher. Address by mall. Contrac-
tor. 12C9 Claus Spreckela bldg.. San Francisco.
SMALL milk route; not less than 4 cans per
day. Address box . 4297. Call. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
6-ROOM elegant cottage: modern; bath and
baggage room; rent reasonable; quiet; refer-
enc«-s. 817 Seventeenth st.. Oakland.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; furnished; rent reason-
able: quiet; references. $15 Seventeenth st.
Oakland. 'v(-ki
HELP WANTED MALE.
MISirRAT^^ADYT^.3ISoI?EISAINTB4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M.. ..........
Painter who can letter: steady J0b. .535 and fd
Wheelwright and blacksmiths
$SO, $2 50 a day. $45 and found
Boys for painting and stores and offices.. ;
$3, $4 and $6 a week
3 milk wagon drivers, city.. s3o, $25. $20 and fd
Man for delicacy store, $40 and found; miller,
$60. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK and wife for mine kitchen; $45 and found.
MURRAY flc READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO TnE MIN ES. ~~
26 miners, silver mine..... $60 and found
6 miners, gold mine $75
19 miners, coal mine $3 to $3 50 a day
2 blacksmiths for mines... 180 month, $2 50 day
6 laborers for mines; YOU WILL DO $52 50
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY TOUR FARES ~~~
TO MILLS AND WOODS.
25 laborers for mills, woods, etc., no experi-
ence; 293 woodchoppers, tlemakers. shingle-
- bolt makers,' picket and post makers, $2 50.
$2. $1 60, $1. 75c cord; tools and food advanced;
12c. lie, 10c, each; $4 50 per 1000: 2Hc each.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 636 Clay st.
FARMS ......... DAIRIES ......... STABLES
43 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, for all
parts of California....... s2«, $25, $20 and found
27 milkers and buttermakt-r5..... :.........
$40. $35, $30, $25 and found
6 choremen and b0y5. ...520. $15, $10, $8 and fd
5 stablemen, city and country
• • ..$35, $30. $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS BAKERS, ETC.
9 cooks $14. $12, $10 weefe; $33, $40, $25 month
9 waiters $30. $27 50. $23. $20 and found
Second baker, $9 week; shoemakers; 2 wash-
ers and lroners for laundries; porters, kitchen
hands and * dishwashers -and lota of other
places. Come and Bee.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
WANTED — Farmer '•and wife. : $40/ see boss
here: 3 milker., $25 and $27 50; harness maker
for ranch. $30 and found; sausage maker for
country. $40 and found; carriage blacksmith.
$2 50 day: carriage painter, $2 60 day; fruit
farmer. $230 year; vineyard and wine cellar-
man; driver for milk wagon, $20: woodchop-
pers. $2 75 cord : and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ¦ :~.^ ::-'¦:¦-,.,¦
WANTED— Second hand . baker, $9 week ; baker
and pastry cook,"* $35 and found : restaurant
cooks, waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st. . ¦ . .'. -
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for nale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1G25 Market st, bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
$20 — GOOD, sound horse; for want of use. 2200
Point Lobos aye., cor. Eleventh aye.
FOR sale— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. ay.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS,
PARALYSIS:
ALL 2TERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL I^LAROEMENTSj
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS:
SCROFULA, ECZEMA; SKIN DISEASES.
• CONSUMPTION.
OLD-STANDING CHRONIC DISEASE-*,
Cured where all others have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNOT 3t
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation ffj*.
DR. L. J. STRATTON. 507. 503 and 509. Par-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR C C O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
102lW Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established |at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
YOUNG German engineer and machinist wants
employment. Address H. G.. 811 Bryant st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, cashier or
otherwise. Address Spreckels. box 4203, Call.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade eo»-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country order* so~
lidted. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market it,
MAERUGE PAPER.
Best published — FREE.
J. W. GUNNELS, Toledo, Ohio.
PHYSICAL culture, massage, to ladles: prtvata;
Mrs. Wagner, graduate masse-»», 1013H Larkin.
LADIES' and gents* cast-off clothing bought and.
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsora 1191.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie rt.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mittt. leather
coats. H. M. HETNEMA-N. 109 S_nsom» st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: teL Black 142-.
COLEMAN buys clothing, brlo-a-brac. tool*,
carpets, old gold; send for him. 603 Kaarny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTB.
jeweler. 343 O*F-rreH. bet Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHTTEW
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1815 Linden. Oakland.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planes, lathes,
iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
NEW and second-hand • slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
GARDENER, thoroughly competent • man,
wishes situation for orchard, nursery or large
private place; no trlflers. A. V., Swiss Hotel,
627 Commercial st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., nr. Pine.
ONE-4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 230 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 73; fine suit *10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36V4 Fremont st. ; elevator.
TAILORESS— Finisher on custom pants at 6V4
Kearny St., room 18, top floor.
ABOUT 150 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work In Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32ft Fremont st MR. DA-
VIS, Supt.
ICE machine for sale; in good condition; 1 ton;
Apply 416 Shotwell st.
A SALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease; :
fine fixture*; large stock; rushing business; -
.no better location on East st. ; splendid
chance. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market tit
HOTEL and bar. $4000; hotel and bar $15nO
Meat market; clearing $250 1200
Fruit and grocery store 200
Saloon; fine location 700
Grown* and bar, $&*); grocery and bar.. 1000
Grocery and bar. $200; grocery and bar.... 230
Stationery and book store 800
Branch baiery. $150; branch bakery 55')
Stationery and notloc*- 35»
Brass foundry: clears $300 2500
Coal, wood and feed. $500; coal and feed.. s*)
Canfly store, $5(0; candy store 350
Drugßto*e In good country town 2?(W
Blacksmith shop 250
Teaming business; clears $500 2t>oo
For sale by H C. DECKER, 1020 Market St..
oj>iosite Fifth.
ATTENTION. SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise It free for you.
I want no exclusive contract
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I sell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment Liquor Dealers'
Journal, ."3'.> : -j California et., room 1.
$4»— SALOON with 3 living rooms: fine trade.
Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal, £35 1 ,4 Cali-
fornia et.. room L
FIIiPT-CLASS saloon, on Kearny st.; mint for
right party; cheap: ccc Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal. IM 1 * California st._ room I.
J4OOO-FIRST-CLASS saloon, best part of town,
cheap rent, long lease, stands investigation;
worth fTOOO. Call at Liquor Dealers' Journal,
iSSS; California st. room 1.
BARGAIN — Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. E*Jav« California «t_. room 1.
A FINE corner taloon near Market st $700
A 120-room hotel, with bar 5500
A rood-paying butcher shop: bargain 5W
A fine grocery; doing $2000 per month.... 2500
A good-paying rooming-house: cheap 900
Several other houses from 1250 to £o<K>
A fine beJfery; good location; cheap 400
Candy and fruit stores; all prices; bargains.
See MITCHELL & ADAMS. SO6 Market st
FOH bargains In saloons, groceries and bars,
cigar stores, restaurants. oy6ter househ.
branch bakeries, lodging houses. 10 to 100
rooms. »~ J. H. CHI.SE> & CO.. 78 Third st.
PA RTX ER wanted with $300; can dear $75
month. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
CANDY and bakery: best In city; cause, sick-
ness COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
?30O— SALOON; 1 living room; rent $22. lnclud-
!nc «•«!«•; lakes In daily $5. M. GRIFFIN,
71* Market ct., near Call bulldlnc
WETNURSE for child 6 months old; one wean-
Ing her baby preferred. 3539 Twenty-fourth.
IRONERS and starchers ¦wanted at National
Laundry. 411 Sanchez st
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3 In
family; wages $20 to $23. 1220 Potrero aye.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
THREE fancy weavers for cassimeres. San
Jose Woolen Mills, San Jose. Cal. »
A— A— ELECTRIC massage treatment removes
wrinkles; free this week: I guarantee to- per-
manently remove sux>er2aou9 hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS IS ADORE BARRETT. Der-
matologtst. 1207 Market st.. opp. City Hall.
LEDtREK, the popular hairdresser, la tha
leader In styles; latest modes, 25c; manicur-
ing. 25c; you should watch for the Monday
sale prices; very low. 123 Stockton st
A— A— ELECTRIC massage treatment remove-
wrinkles: free this week: I guarante* to per-
manently remove superfluous hair by elec-
trolysis. MISS ISADORK BARRETT. Der-
matologist. 1207 Market st. opp. City Hall.
PHYSICAL culture, massage, to ladles: prtrat«;
Mrs. Wagner, graduate masseuse, 1013^ Larkin.
A FINE suit to order $10 75 or pants $3 73; our
specialty in remnants allows us to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMOS,
IU7 Market st. bet. 7th and Bth, prop. One-
price Tailoring Co. 532 Kearny, near Sacto.;
also 1644 Market st, under St Nicholas.
OUR spring goods are arriving; call and se*
our blue serge $15 ladles' tailor-made suit*
at SI Der week. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1304
Stockton st, near Broadtwy; open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market; 100 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; il !') to H per week;
free 'bus and bagg— ga to and from the ferry.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia; all pain leaves like maxic from ber
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer in America; sketch of life and
prospects: send dat* of birth, sex and 12c
PROF. SERRANO. P. O. box SSS, Boston.
Mass.
WANTED— A tailor by L. CLAR, Visalia, Cal.
A— tllOO: BAKERY en Polk st.; baking IVi
barrels: all etore trade; dally receipts above
$25: rent $2s. Call R. G. WILKE. 9M Market.
A-$300; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on
Polk Bt.: splendid paying business and good
ttock on hand. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market
2 GREAT Danes, male and female. Just im-
ported- from Europe; they are good watch
dogs: would suit for a large property. Ad-
dress M. SAULAGE3. 843 Broadway.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st .
A NEW 10 11. P. marine engine; also 3 H. P.
portable engine and boiler; $00. Address box
2710. Call office. Oakland.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIGALUPI,
933 Market St., San Francisco.
GREEN hands and sailors for England, Africa
and steam whalers at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
FURNISHED rooms, 75c. $1. $1 25 per week.
METROPOLITAN. .514 Fourth st
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FOR sale— A barber shop at Twenty-fourth and
Sanchez sts.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st, above Sixth.
GOOD waiter. 106 Second st
PERSONALS.
BELLE— OtTDRY
IS NOT A LADT.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In _•
United States or Canada ons year for $i,
postage paid.
$20— STORE: 2 show windows and S larg*
rooms; adapted to any business. 423 Sixth st
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PRIVATE family will board child t years and
over: tunny yard: terms $10. 834*4 \alencla.
BOOKS— SEW AND OLD.
BCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. TM Mission st. near Third.
•BOOT AM* kBUK UAmiAIV?.
CHILDREN'S shoes, neat and fipod. special.. 6sc
Ladlee' lare or button shoes, epeeial II 00
50 pair men's rhoes. all eizes. special .flu
Peoples Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton, nr. Br'dw y.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^3so7~COßNE^r~crocery and bar; living-
room; rent Jl5; very b«st location on Twenty-
second St.- stock will invoice $TJO; rare bar-
train. Call R. G. WILKE, 9v-S Market St.,
roam 8.
A 11500 GROCERY store; in beet location Ui the
Mission; 3 living rooms; bath; rent $20; a
rare chance for good paying business. Call
H. G. WILKE. room S. SO6 Market st.
A— s2ooo; SALOON, located on Market and Pow-
ell Ets. ; established years; doing a first-class
paying business; rent 1100; no better place or
location in this city. Call R. G. WILKE. SO6
Market Et.. room 8.
CARRIAGES AND WAGON S.
TO close estate the stock of "00 new and se«-
onfl-hand wagons, buggy, carts and over 150
sets of harness will be sold at half cost, as
the business must be closed.. 1140 Folsom St.,
near Eighth.
ALL kinds of 'wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW _• 2d-hand wagons, bugples. carts &: bar-
ness. wk & driving hors»». ISth and Valencia.
CARPET UEATIXti AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVE.VS, m— ¦. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 2.'0.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
'453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS clean-d at 3c p«r yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON' S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 544.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
et.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 323 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City vt
Pari3. Stockton and Geary sts.— Elegant new
offices and stores.
GOOD stand for a practical shoemaker: stor*
and 4 rooms. 3114 FUlroore st; rent $12.
PORTION of office or desk room la Parrott
bulldlnc; reasonable. Ad. box 4503. Call.
FOLSOM. 870— Large sunny store, with I linn*
rooms. ADDIy H. UMBSEN & CO.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Cnicaso is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
28, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: eve— t--
thlng possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer. "
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'FarreU st. .
PIANOS are offered at lower prices than ever
at MAPVAIS*. 769 Market st.
THERE is only one place to V**y a Decker or a
Packard piano. MAUVAI3*. 769 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
SO SLIGHTLY used high and medium grade
pianos; special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 133 Ellis st,
WANTED— To exchange a fine upright piano
for goods for family use. Apply J. GOOD-
RICH, room 12. Floou building.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
Warerooms. ISIS Market st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano, $3 per month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SBO Haysa st_
SELL for storage— 2 uprights. ITS; rery fin*
Stetaway, $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano; standard make; $12S;
call evenlnga. ::19 Powell it.
W. G. BADGER. 413 Sacramento St.. agent tor
Francis Bacon and Hallett -t Davis piano*.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright; sacrtSced.
KEETFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary •_
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st,
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. It
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
.SUPERIOR violins, ilthers. old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GO^D^YNTthe^reii-known ladles' physl-
clan, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5: safe and reliable cure In one
day; 15 years' successful practice In S. F.;
maternity home; low fees. 1007V4 Market at.
F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
sumed practice at 603 Cal. Et.. Clunle bldg.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
nc fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 810 Market, cor. Stocktn.
SMALL, but good paying shoe store; aIEO work-
shop; work enough to employ 2 steady men.
must eel! cheap, account of returning to bu-
!?£e. MATTERN & MOORE. 25 New Mont-
gomery st. __
ASTROLOGY.
i'ROF. A MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
rl« and falmist in the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3 $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter Fts.. San Francisco; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadwa". Oakland.
DOG HOSPITAL. " ' ,
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel.- West 631
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 337 Geary gt.r dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
E3IPLOY3IENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No 30 Geary sU. established over 5 years, re- |
moved to 421 Post st., near Powell. GEO. i
AOKI. 421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes a place; Is
good cook and housekeeper; light work; mod-
erate waces; city or country. Address ,>4l
Minna st.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as traveling
saleslady: will travel for any firm; call at
once, room 235, Golden West Hotel, 68 to 76
Ellis tl
2 YOUNG girls wish places together; chamber-
work and waiting; city or country. Box 429 L
Call office.
COMPETENT, trustworthy, woman wishes any
kind of light housework by the day. or would
take care of children. Box 4243. Call office.
A LADY wishes place In lunch house or res-
taurant over lunch «hours or boarding house.
Call or address 264 First st. • •¦. '
SWEDISH girl wishes position as plain cook
and do general housework. Apply 1632 Lom-
bard St.. near Octavla. •
GERMAN lady wants position aa working
! housekeeper or lady's companion. 1 Fifth St..
room 52.
SWEDISH woman with good references would
like position in American family aa cook.
Box 24, Call branch, 106 Eleventh st.
PLAIN sewing and mending at home. 150
Fourth St.. room 7. .
ELDERLY Scotch woman- wishes a place; is
good cook and housekeeper; light work; mod-
erate wages; city or country. Address 342
Minna st.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
GERMAN woman wishes vrork by th« day;
washing or housecleanlng. 125 Sixth Ft.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position
in bakery as saleslady. Call or address 503
Jones st. £ \ ' .-
LADY with good reference, speaking Germ ah
and English, wishes a position as lady's-maid
or to take care of grown children to travel to
Europe and return. Apply at; 40 McAllister
St.. from 2 to 5. - ' |
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles In confinement. MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth st. j
WANTED— Engagements to treat your hair at
your home for any trouble ever heard of, on a
guarantee, by hair specialist ; also bust devel-
oplng. Address box 4235. Call office.
LAND or timber claims. Who wants to have
any taken up or held? Box 4270, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla et.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m. "
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
AN ex-U. S. trumpeter would I like to do ad-
vertising for one or more firms; Is an expert
at his business and a general good rustler
and believe could give good satisfaction. Ad-
dress 405 Kearny et., room 30.
POSITION on ranch by married man; thor-
ough vlneyardlst: foreman 5 years; black-
smith, carpenter; wife excellent cook; no
children. Box 10S6. Call.
COACHMAN— First-class man on horses, har-
ness and carriages: young man; neat and re-
liable driver; best city and San Mateo refer-
ences. Address J. C. box 4310. Call.
SITUATION wanted as engineer or fireman;
city or country; by a steady man; reference
given. Address box 4301. Call.
WANTED by a young man to { take care of
horse? or any other position. Address box
4302. Call. ¦
GARDENER— Situation wanted by single man:
fully understands his business: first-class ref-
erences. Address, box 196, San 'Rafael.
WANTED— Best family cook, general house-
worker and wash and troner. Please call to
CHONG HING, room 6, 902 Clay St., city..
FIRST-CLASS **-eman wishes a position; very
best of references. Address box 4306. Call.
DRUG clerk wishes a position as clerk; refer-
ences given. Box 4208, Call.
GOOD barber wants work In city, or Oakland;
strictly temperate and reliable; state wages.
Box 4233. Call office.
MINING — A competent prospector, can work
divining rod or mineral rod, wishes situation;
xio success, no pay. Address box 4294, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bread and pastry baker wants
position; hotel; city or country. Box 4235,
Call. ..
CARPENTER wishes position. 1711 Market st..
downstairs.
MAN and wife (Swiss), without children, want
work; wife Is a good cook, man understands
taking care of horses; can do all kinds of
work; city or country: good references. In-
quire 120 Sutter St.. room 75.
HELP .WANTED—MALE.
AT C. H. IIANSEN _TcC</S~r!IoT^ARY"ST."
100 scraper ¦ teamsters,- loaders and holder!
for the Coast Railroad. Santa Barbara Co. ;
free fare ...........v.r.....
10 teamsters for R. R. work, Monterey Co.;
free fare......
ICO coal miners; 6 single-hand quartz
miners. $2 EO a day; milker, San Mateo Co..
$25; pruners and grafters, $1 a day and board;
60 woodchoppers, 80c to $1 60 a cord.
Meat and pastry cook for springs hotel,
$75; French or Swiss second cook, hotel, $75;
baker and pastry cook, country hotel. $60:
New England baker, $3 a day; bread and
cake baker, country shop, $11 a week; third
cook. $50; dishwasher and vegetable man, i
country hotel. $30 ••
Colored waiter, country hotel, $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Stenographer; young single man,
capable of filling position of private secre-
tary: a good position; comfortable home and
reasonable pay. Apply 1729 California St..
cor. of Franklin, bet. 9:30 and 12 m.; refer-
ences required. .
WANTED— Steady man. satisfied with $15 to
$18 per week, to keep plain accounts and as-
sist In light work; small capital required.
1016 Market st., room 10.
WANTED — Competent stationer for Inside
work; must be sober and active. Box 4238,
"Call office. ¦•
WANTED— Steady boy to deliver papers 'on
morning paper. Call at » Grand aye., after
6 p. m. ' !
WANTED— Experienced collector for furniture
house; state experience and salary expected.
Box 4303. Call office.
WANTED— A young man to take care of S
horses and make himself useful about a gro-
cery store. Box 4311. Call.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day; steady place for right man. 4116
Eighteenth st. , ¦
WANTED— S barbers for Saturday from 4 to 9
p m.: also a bootblack. Apply after noon at
1206 Market at.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and
Sunday: $4. 207% Montgomery aye.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon work on per-
centage. 872V4 Howard st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 715%
Pavlß ¦' at. .
BARBER— Goood barber for Saturday. 623
Clay Bt. '
BARBER wanted for Saturday. Apply at 217
Fourth at. '
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; man
steady. 18S5 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted for Saturday.
407 Bush st. '
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class outside man for prlnt-
Ing office. Box 4300. Call office.
WANTED— Young butcher. 326 Devisadero St..
near Oak.
WANTED— Good lunch waiter for coffee house:
wages $4 per week. 517 Montgomery st,
LIVE man to peddle; everything furnished;
good lay. Address box 550 Call office.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 26c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
BUSHELMAN wanted at once. 102-104 Bat-
tery St. / '
ELEGANT private boarding house to lease:
now being remodeled; S. W. cor. Pine and
Leaven worth sts.; 50 sunny rooms; modern
appointments; handsome grounds. DAVID-
SON & LEIGH, 30 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN. .
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property U mortgaged and you need
more money sec H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or tndorser";
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
TUCSIXESS CHANCES— Continued.
FOR rent— Butcher shop, complete, with tools,
fine fixtures; cheap rent; owner will K'V*;. I *^? %•
parts, etc.; sickness cause. M. LESS. *6j MKt.
$600— BAKERY; best part of. Western Addition;
6 living rooms: horses; wagons: owner owns
bldg.; will give lease. .M. LESS. <65 Market.
$660— CORNER ealoon ~ doing good bu«*sf Bs:
near Market St.; full lnvestlmtlon invited; a
bargain If sold at once. M. LESS. 765 Market.
FOR rent— Butcher shop, complete with tools;
fine fixtures: cieap rent; ° wne V;i" Kl^- le ww'
carts, etc.; sickness cause. M. LESS_i6___
iioO-BAKERYTbesTpIrTof Western Addition;
6 living- rooms; horses; wagons: 9??%°™
bldg.: will give lease. M. LESS. ,&> Market.
A-1150: BRANCH bakery and coffee sa loon near
Market st.: a bargain. M. LESS. .05 Market.
$SOO-RESTAURANT; established
guaranteed to clear $125 a month: owner going
out of business. M. LESS. 765 Market Et.
WANTED-A contractor and builder, to 'take
an Interest and give a general management
In securing and executing contracts for a
fireproof construction that has been thorough,
ly established and earning large dividends.
Address J. X.. box 4257. Call office.
FOR~TaTe-lUlf interest in first-class delicates-
sen to bright young German who thoroughly
understands the business; none otners need
aprlv: easy terms; references. Apply \Y IE-
LAND BROS.. 121 Clay St.. S. F.
TO let— House, 12 rooms; . stable; '60 : bearing
fruit trees; 2 blocks from station.- P. GARD-
NER, Mill Valley. ' Cal.
SCRAP Iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
Cisco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st.
for sale cheap— New 2-story houses. T rooms;
latest improvements: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
xv you hare lots In Richmond district, north ot
the Park that you wish to sell quickly thea
r»U on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
FOR sale— Cottage and lot In Mission warm
belt: a bargain Box 4400. Call.
TO exchange— Building plans for vacant lot or
r °nt. Ad. Architect. P. O. Station H.
J MODERN flats, cheap; must sell account of
denarture for Eurose. Inquire 46T Tehama.
FOLSOM. 2326— Cottage; 7 rooms and bath,
large yard; rent $20.
$10 — COTTAGE of 3 Bunny rooms. 134 Rose at..
COTTAGES of 4 md 5 rooms; basement; yard;
stable. Apply at 1576 15th st., near Dolores.
6-ROOM cottage: 23V4 Morris aye.. bet. Harrl-
ron and Bryant, nr. 6th; key next door. N0. 23.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st».; open until 9 p. m.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and buttonhole mak-
ers; also apprentices. 135 Natoma st.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition. S. *\
Barbers' School, 741 Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission' st., between Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
WANTED—FemaIe help at the National Laun-
dry. <H Sanchez- st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
EXPERIENCED shoo cutter on clothing. 20
YOUNG girl wanted to assist In general house-
YOUNG woman for general housework; wages
from $10 to $12. 807 Filbert st.
COCKER spaniel pups; 4 months old; fine
pedigree; reasonable. 732 Devisadero st.
LARGE thoroughbred chicken eggs for hatch-
ing. F. KRAUS, 1031 McAllister St.
DOMESTIC sewing machine;" drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.. near 15th.
SHOWCASES, candy Jars, shelving and. coun-
ters fur tait at Townsend's, 735 Market st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure: by all drug-
. gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye. .
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in 8 weeks:
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution- in the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
St. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
MEN and women to appoint agents: $75 month:
expenses; steady positions. BUTLER &
ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
BOY to learn tailoring; age about 17. 4111.
Kearny st., top floor.
WELL-EDUCATED and experienced young
nurse srlrl for boy 3 years old; must do sew-
ing. 597 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework and
care of 2 children; good home; no washing;
wages $15: must be neat and clean. 627 Baker
• St.; Hayes-st. cars.
GOOD millinery makers with first-class city
retail references. Apply Millinery Depart-
ment. Emporium.
WANTED— Steady man with small capital; can
make good wages. 79 Third st. /
A— slSoo; SALOON: choice location on Kearny
st.: eclendid buelnees offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. room 8. 906 Market St.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife. FREDERICKA HOFFE.
E. J. HOFFE.
A— s4loo; CORNER grocery, on one of the prin-
cipal bus. ness streets of this city; first-class
paying; only cash trade; etock all fresh: will
invoice the price; a splendid and rare chance.
Particulars. R. G. WILKE. 806 Market st..
room 8.
A— soso; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Stockton st.; establ. many years and clearing
above $*Jio per month. Call room 8, 906 Mar-
ket et_ R. G. WILKE.
A— sSio; DELICACY and dairy business, kept
by pre6«rnt owner for 9 years; a splendid busl-
r.eee: offer; place clearing about $50 per mo.
l<ot Market St.. room 8. R. G. WILKE.
SPIRITUALISM.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
st.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. 1312 Gplden.Gato aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st.
A.— $1100; DAIRY and route; 13 cows. 4 horses.
1 milk watron. 1 cart, etc.; include 10 acres
crop of barley hay: business established 20
ye_xs. R. O. WILKE. 906 Market St.. rm. 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023^ Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
' in confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $5; any ailment; consultation free. 942
Post st.. between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office, $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market St.. bet.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C35 Market, ladles' speclal-
lst: guaranteed treatment at office, $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
CAPE Nome— We want parties with small cap-
ital who desire to go to Cape Nome and work
our valuable claims. Particulars address
Manager. 632 Market, room 1. San Francisco.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— At Alcazar Theater Thursday night, a
leather bag containing pearl opera glasses
with handle. Finder please return to THOS.
H. ANDREWS. Morosco's Grand Opera
House, and receive reward.
LOST— Brown and white greyhound bitch: an-
swers to name of Belle. Liberal reward on
return to H2B Mission St.
FOX terrier pup; '.all white, with spot on ear;
liberal reward. 1636 Golden Gate aye.
LOST— A Knights Templar cross with name of
• owner on the back. WALTER C. CAMP-
BELL., The finder will receive $5 on return-
lng it to IS2O Turk st. .
LOST— A silk scarf. Initial A. D.. from Frank-
lin Hall to Sacramento st. as far as Goush.
I Suitable reward when, delivered at 1911 Sacra-
mento st. _________________
LOST— Black greyhound bitch; white marks on
feet, chest and head. Return to 1123 Kearny
«t. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— White greyhound pup. Pleas* return
to SOS Natoma St.: liberal reward.
FOUND— The pin which wu lost at Dickey**
roadhouse . In November. IS3B. Owner will
please address note to M, Box 111, Call Busi-
nt-ss Office. , *
MEDICATED BATHS.
INVALIDS who find no relief from drugging
the stomach to Investigate Dr. Conant's
method of absorption, which never fails. Call
or address for booklet. Anidrosis.. 47 Post,
office No. 6; gents' baths. 6; ladles parlors. 33.
SAJT FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the 6an Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
entll « o'clock every night Sn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery «tre«t,
corner Clay; open until *:!0 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:39 p. ra.
€59 McAllister street; open until 8:S0 p. m .
315 Larkla street; open until 8:30 p. m.
JMI Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
**2£l Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open
until ! p. m.
:** Eleventh rtreet: open until 9 p. ra.
1C96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
:2TS Polk street; open until 9 p. n.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until * p. m-
HOUSES TO LEASE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1900.
LOAN'S ON* PERSONAL PROPERTY.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 321 Parrott bulldlns.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. IS9. F. and A. M. j»
-D 3d THIS -.SATURDAY) EVEN-~J\-
ING. Feb. t\. at 7:30 o'clock. By order >C_K
the W. M. H. FORTREIDE. Sec. /?'
EXCELSIOK Degree Lodge No. 4. ,j_^»_' r ,
! < ! O F. — Rerular meeting "5_J55&5&
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING, -H^SB^F
ThJnl desree. «.
A. K. KINOSFQRD. D. M.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, tn Maaket St.. opp. Mason.
YOUNG man to help around stable; $5 per
week. Apply at play grounds, park.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1333 Market St., corner
of Tenth.
FLATS ; TO LET.
IF you want to move geTprtnted list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NOE, 105— Elegant new modern upper corner
flat. < rooms- bath; basement; yard; J bay j
windows. .• . • ' !
TWO eunny flats, upper and lower; * and 6
rooms. 904-906 Minna st, above Tenth.
$20— NICE sunny upper flat. 6 rooms. 326 Polk
st., between McAllister st. and Ash aye.
$30; MAGNIFICENT flat to let: 6 rooms and
bath; all modern Improvements; centrally lo-
cated; Western Addition; north side. Apply
owner. 115 Bush St.. ¦
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
BIRCH AYE.. 6—4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nlshed. ¦ ¦ - . . -
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ON account of departure at once, the furni-
ture of 2 rooms and kitchen; very cheap; rent
of rooms $7 Der month. «• Folsom aye.. ¦ bet.
Folsom and Harrison. Seventh and Eighth sts.
FOR sale— Furniture of 3 housekeeping rooms;
bargain; nicely furnished; rent reasonable.
Apply at 309 Hyde st. from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ENAMELLED iron beds, all sizes. $2 90; heavy
matting 10c yard; 7-plece bedroom set, $20.
Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310. 1312 Ctockton St..
near Broadway. _____—- —
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for's«S 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 781.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-h«.nd furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. R«d 3353.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS— Want managing agent for Fresno.
Tulare, Kern and Kings counties; money In
this. HERRICK. 1417 Brush St.. Oakland.Cal.
GENTLEMAN and lady of good address as so-
licitors for prominent local company; liberal
salary when ability is proved. Address box
4263. Call office.
WANTED— Energetic agents; ladles and gen-
tlemen; In every county In the State for a
rapid selling article. 6 Birch aye., 3. F.
HARPER A BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; eatira line. J. N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WolitAl?r^s^sT?nndtclienT $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— 2 YOUNG girls: waitresses, same place.
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child; $15; country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
IRONER for French laundry: $25; Palo Alto.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. "
NEAT, refined Irish girl: second work; $20; 3
In family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ¦
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Watsonville; 2 waitresses, VI-
: salia; 2 waitresses, Fresno, 20; 2 waitresses,
'< different country hotels, * $20; 2 waitresses,
I city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
Swedish cook, $30: Jewish family cook, $30:
colored woman cook, $25; German sscond
Birl, $25; 5 other cooks, country. $25; 15
house girls, city. $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary et. '¦
PALMISTJIT.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads Ito 8. 615 Geary, nr. Jones.
DISHWASHER who can cook short orders:
call early. 1024 Hyde et.
STRIPPER bey wanted. Apply at 25H Sixth
street.
BOY to work In plumbing and tin shop; age 16.
Apply between 7 and 9, 633 Mission St.
WANTED— Nurse, experienced. 1 child, $20;
second girl, $20; 2 lroners, $9 a week; wait-
ress, country hotel, $20; 2 chambermaids and
waitresses, same place, $15, $17 60; 60 girls for
housework In nice American and Jewish fami-
lies of small size. $20, $25.
For country— Girls for housework and cook-
Ing. Oakland $30, Santa Rosa $25; ranch cook.
Redwood City, $25; housework, Berkeley $25,
Petaluma $20, Sausailto $25, Alameda $25. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
FOR sale— Barber shop, 8 chairs; 1 cigar store;
1 bootblack stand; 2 living rooms; $400; part-
ner, male or female, $200. 1205 Market st.
WANTED— A refined young woman as nursery
governess to take care of six-year-old boy;
must have best of references: German pre-
ferred. Call at 1905 Van Ness aye., between
10 and 12 a. m.
WANTED— Wood turner. GEO. ci PAPE.
Berkeley, CaL ¦¦ ,
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking;
small family. Apply before noon, 2207 Web-
ster Bt.
WANTED— 2 girls about IS; piece work; no ex-
perience required. Address box 10S9, Call.
GIRL to take care of young baby. 704 Larkin
street.
15-HORSE power boiler and engine. 318 Rail-
road aye.. San Francisco, south.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.. near 15th
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye.. San Diego, Cal.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
HOUSES— LODGING— To Let.
ROOMING house— 23 rooms and bath; full, with
steady- roomers; cheap; owner leaving city.
420 Sixth st. . ..-'i^aS-MfiMOR-HBMIRMMKMM)
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE. German expert optician
1071,4 Market St.; examination free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c.". Phone. Mint. 257. . .
.¦- -'¦¦:. -HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTEI» list: houses to let: send for ctr-
; cular. G.,H.TJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1925, bet. Laguna and Buchanan
—Elegant house of 12 rooms, bath, servant's
room, etc; newly renovated. For further par-
= tlculars apply H.fUMBSEN & CO.. 14
* v Montgomery: sC- , ' -
10
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Has removed her offices to her residence. IC6I
Seventh avenue. East Oakland. Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept sacredly confiden-
tial.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee, 11 and UDward.
Diagnosis Free.
K. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. ID6I
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
Take the broad-gauge ferry and get off at
Clinton ftatlon. 2<l station from Bromlway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AXUSPIRjTUALISU
ATTENTION! MRS. P. FABBER. a gifted
ladj : most famous In reading tea leaves and
cards: advice confidential. Can be found daily
except Saturday and Sunday at 3T3 Polk St.;
no gl~ns.
DINPMORE.
Renowned clalr\*oyant: prlx-ate slttlncs; mar-
velous results: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. 218 Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market; trance,
test, business medium; life reader: also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp for circular: slttingssl.
HEALING and developing medium i satisfaction
guaranteed; readings 23c and 50c this week.
9<2 Mission st. ¦
CARD reading; new method: praised by all;
day and evening; 10c and 15c. 400 Grove st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212H Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader; readln.s 25c.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slate writer,
230 Ellis wt.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Mrket.. bet. 10th & 11th;
cir. Tues. 8 p.m.; Thurs. 2 p.m.; 25c.; sit daily.
REPPSONSIBLE card reader moved from 1322 to
1425 Mission St.: satisfaction guaranteed.
YOUR future told by cards, 23c. 9« Howard
st.. 10 a m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. EBERHARDT, spiritual test meeting, 7:30
p m . 10c. 3250 22d. bet. Mission iind Valencia.
MRS. ELLlS— Tests to all; circle Tuen_ Fri., 2
p. m.: Mon.. 8: 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 21c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 2*c up. 5 Fourth »t.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's rilrture. 25c: ladles. Sl* O'Farrell et.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less *uer»«<iful. Room 310. :i?7 Market «t.PROPOSALS.
6EALED proposals will be received at the
office of the Lighthouse Engineer. Saa Fran-
cisco, Cal,. until 12 o'clock m., March 22.
JSOO. and then opened, for furnishing all the
. material end labor necessary for the com-
plete construction of a light and -fog -signal
Ftation at Point ArrDello, Cal.. in accordance
with epKjfications. copies cf which, with
blank proposals aad other lnf ormati on. . may
toe had uj>on application to CHARLES E. L.
It DAVIS. Major. Ccrps of Engineers, .17.
t. A
COPA«.TM2USIIir XOTICKS. *
NOTICE cf dissolution of partnership.— The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
•ty'.e cf lACCHERI fc BACIGALUPL doing
tKMtnet* in the city and county of San Tran-
«!lsco. was en the rsth day of March. IS9J. dis-
rolved by mutual consent. MR. G. lACCHERI
having purchased the entire Interest of G.
BACIGALUPI la tit concern. ¦'
G. lACCHERI.
G. BACIGALUPL
Pan Francisco. February 9. l?Q0.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February 23.
US stmr ¦ Hancock. Strove, 25 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 16 days 20 hours. . 4
Stmr Columbia, Doran. 51*4 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41? i bours.v - _
• Stmr Noyo.' Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Stmr South Coast, OUen, 14 hours from Al-
Sunr Brunswick. Andresen. 40 hour* from
. S "iirc"North.ForkV Ba.»h. 24 hours frm Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro* Zaddart, 41 hours from San
Br°stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. 4 days 9 hours
f rom Comox. . ; • ?,'., ? .'
¦¦¦-• Ship. C.F Sargent, Haskell, 11 days from
¦ 'senr* Volante, Ahrens, 9 days from Coqullle
Schr Volunteer, Brlssem, 8 days from Wll-,
lapa Harbor. • ¦ •
Schr Balrh J Long. Isirkelt. 6 , days from
Sluslaw River.
CLEARED. _ . „ ¦"_.-.
Friday, - February 13.
.. Stjnr Geo .W E lder, Randall.- Astoria; O R
4SCO."
DIVIDEM) XOTICI2S.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— EMvidend No. 102 (M
cents itx share) of th« Oceanic Steamship
Co. wlil be payable at the office of the com-
pany. 2T7 Market at., on and after Thurs-
day. Marca 1. IMG. Transfer books will close
en FnJay, February 23. I»00. at S o'clock
p. m. " .E. IL SHELDON. Secretary.
BAD tenants elected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
«:: Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: teL K2O.
ROOMS rajxred, tnm $3: whitened. 51 up.
palstinr done. Hartman Paict Co.. 319 Third.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
OTARRELL, 742— First-ciaas board and rocms;
120 up: special rates to students.
TO ARRIVE.-
A BRANCH effiee for the reception of adver-
tisements and ¦subscriptions has been opened
at. 1222 Polk St.; cr*n till 9 p. m.
¦?¦ - ¦¦- :^'^":-- ¦-:.. ¦¦-•. -?-
¦? The pure-food crusaders are +
"*¦ at work in San Francisco." "*"
Next Sunday's Call will tell J
¦+¦ you air about their plans and +
¦?¦ the method of establishing ¦?¦
pure-food standards.
? •• ¦ ¦ ' : ' " •-.'-¦ 4-
POST. €21 — Two small rooms, furnished, j: «ach
per incnth; Protestant Christians; neither
drink ncr smoks- in the house.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
DIED.
Eyrsa, Irene M. Leahey, Lyda
Cole, Mary McFadden. Joseph E.
Carroll, William T. McDevltt. John J.
Clifford. Earah E. Melrose, Marr A.
Chapman. Mra. M. I. Nerrman, Catherine
Egan. Nellie Robart. John J.
Evens, Caroline C. Reynolds. William
Eckart. May B. Ruckstuhl, John
Farley, James C. Ricrdan, 'William J.
Fox. Theresa Roberts, Jesse A.
Goodman. Charles F. Schwartlng, Captain
Greer. Miss Marr M. Dledrich
Hennessy. Alice Shepley. Ellen
Howard, Mary Taylor, L L.
Harlow, Almlra Winchester. Julia
Hess. Helena Whorton. Thomas
Hurley, Daniel Welch. Kat«
BTRXS— In this city. February *L 1909, Irene
May. youngest and beloved daughter of John
E. an 3 Msunle C. Eyrns. and sister of Flor-
ence C. Byrns, a native of Frultvale, Cal.,
are's 2 year? 7 months and 2a days.
~C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at I o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 221 First street, near Har-
rison. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
COLE— In this city. February 22, 1&00. Mary
Cole, beloved mother of Willie. Etta and
Carroll Cole, and sister of William, James and
Daviii Suffern, a native of California, aged
SS years.
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
»Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1424 Kearny etreet, between Union and
Filbert. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
CARROLL — In Sacramento, February 20. 1990.
¦Willam T. Carroll, dearly beloved husband
of Edna Carroll, father of George J. Carroll,
beloved and only son of Mrs. T. Welter, and
brother of Mrs. F. G. Weston and Mrs. Wil-
liam Hewlett of Oakland and Mrs. John J.
Qulnn of San Francisco, a native of Oak-
land, aged 21 years 7 months and • days.
CLIFFORD— In this city. February 23, 1900,
Earah E. Clifford, dearly beloved wife of Cap-
tain William E. Clifford, mother of R. 8. and
E. H. Clifford, daughter of N. J. and th» late
Sarah Krukan, and sister cf Mrs. H. E.
Hunt and William J. and N. J. Krukan. a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 8
months and 7 days.
CHAPMAN— In this city. February 23 1900.
Mrs. Maria Ives Chapman, mother of Mrs.
George H. Powers, a native of Connecticut,
aged SS years.
EGAN— In this city, February 22. 1900, Nellie
d»arl}- beloved daughter of Frank and Chris-
tine Egan, and sister of Charlotte and Mary
Egan. a native of Ean Francisco, aged 4
years.
IT7Fiiends and acqualntancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
cf her parents, 2430 Ean Bruno avenue, be-
tween Silver avenue and Solomon street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EVERS— in Oakland. February 22, 1900, Caro-
line C. beloved wife of C. A. Evers. and sis-
ter cf Mrs. W. Hawkins, a native of Den-
mark, aced 29 years and 6 days.
C7Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-morow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1015 Flfty-aerenth street, near
San Pablo avenue. Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
ECKART— In this city, February S3. 1900. May
Bflle. wife of Charles F. Eckart of Honolulu
and daughter of Mrs. Alice B. and Henry 'l*
lickner, aged 23 years and 10 months.
C7Notiee of .funeral hereafter.
FARLEY— In this city, February 23, ISOO,
Jbit.es C , beloved son of Barney and the late
Mary E. Farler. and brother of Mrs J
Tornpkinson, Mrs. J. Anthony. Mrs. D Sex-
ton tnd Barney, John and Sadie Farley, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged SS years 1 month
and IS days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. IK Day street, thence to St.
Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by carriage.
FOX-In this city. February 23.. 1900. Theresa
Fox. beloved mother of Mrs. I. C. Drathman
and sister of John F., William H. and Mar»
ruerite Mitcheil. a Dative of San Francisco"*
aeed 40 years 5 months and t days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
-dence, Sl5 Waller street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GOODMAN— In the City and County Hospital
February 23. I&oo,. Charles F. Goodman, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 74 years.
GP.EER— In this city, February 23, 1900 Miss
Mary M. Greer.
ETFrtfrids are Invited to the funeral serv-
ices at 2 p. m. to-day (Saturday), at 1216
Hyde street. Interment Drivate.
HENNESSY— In this city. February 22. 1300
Alice Hennessy. beloved sister of Marr Hen-
nesry and the late Mrs. James Cunningham
a native of County Waterford, Ireland/aged
73 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 12 Walnut avenue, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repone
of her eoul. commencing at 9:30 o'clock "in-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by electric
funeral car from Fourteenth and Mission
streets sit 10:45 o'clock.
HOWARD— In this city,' February 22. 1900.
Mary, beloved wife of the late John Howard
and mother of John and Michael Howard and
Mrs- M. Connell. a native of the parish of
' Dysart. County Roscoramon. Ireland, aged 75
years 6 months and 7 days.
CT-The funeral win take place this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 73 Converse street, between Eighth
and Ninth, off Bryant. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HARLOW— In this city. February 22, 1300, at
her residence. K>2< Natoma street. Almlra,
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 7T7— Finely furnUhed
'.am frcst roca; rasping water; to gentle-
~.»-r. ; private; reaccr.atle.
MABEIED.
KENNARD— KAEHEVAROFF— In this city.
February 21. IWO. by the Rev T. N. Pash-
kovsky. Charles F. Kennard and Agrippinia
Kashevaroff.
TUBBESING— IKGWERSDX— In this city.
February 21. 1&00, by the Rev. John O. Vogel,
Benjamin F. Tubbesing of Red Wing, Minn.,
and Mary Ingwersen of Ean Francisco.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In st either of the publication offices and/I*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FRYE— In thla city. February &. 1900. to the
wife of ¦William H. Frye. a eon.
FRAN KE— ln Oakland. February 15, 1900, to
the wife of F, Franke, a daughter.
LEADY— In this city, February 8, 1900. to the
wife cf B. M. Leady, a daughter.
SEXTON— In this city. February IX 1900. to th*
wife of T. F. Sexton, a daughter.
TIENCKEN— In tnla cltjr. February n. 1900. to
the wife cf Herm. Tiencken, a daughter.
Stmr Orizaba, Hlnkle, Eureka; ' Goodall,
Perkins & Ca
' Stmr Bonita. Nlcolson. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins L. Co.
Br bark Inverlyon. Crombie. Queenstown; G
W McNear. . , . , .
Fr bark Normanfile, Moiswnler. Qusenstown;
Glrvin St Eyre.
SAILED.
Friday, February 23.
Stmr Geo.W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Cleone, Madsen. •
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen.
Stmr Orizaba, Hlnkle. Eureka.
Stmr GlEsy. Leland, Santa Crus.
Stmr Alcatrax, Carlson.
Stmr Luella. Miller. Fort Bragg. '
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, Eureka.
Ship E B Suttcn. Carver. Honolulu.
Schr Reliance. Johnson.
Schr J Epplnger, Nyman.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS-Feb M. 10 p n>-Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per rilot boat Bonita— Feb 22. off North
Rocks. Br schr Enterprise, with 237 sealskin*.
Feb 3* N 17 W, Br ship Imberhocn. from
Liverpool for Victoria.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per Hancock— We have on board 10 cabin
passengers^ 100 soldiers, 606 bodies. Two sol
diers died on voyage. . . . -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT RETEB- Passed Ftb 2J— Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka for San Pedro; stmr Mine
ola, from Nanaimo for Port Los Angeles.
TACOMA-Salled Feb 23-£hii> Slntram. for
San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 13- Haw
stmr San Mateo. from Nanaimo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived F«b 23— Schr
A J West, from Honolulu; Br bark Inverclyde,
from Hamburg.
EUREKA— Sailed' Feb 23-Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco.
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 22— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Feb 22— Stmr City of Se
attle for Skazuay.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb K— Schr Glendale. ho
Feb 15.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Feb »-Schr Ma
ria E Smith, hence Feb 13.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 13— Shin
Charmer, from Honolulu.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 23— Scnr Cna. beac*
Feb 15 .
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Feb 19; bark B P Cheney, hence Feb 15.
GRATS HARBOR— Arrived Feb S-Sehr
North Bend, hence Feb IS; schr Neptune, bee
Feb 13. .
COOS BAT— Arrived reb 23— Schr Antelop*.
bence Feb 14. '
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Feb 23^ B M stmr
Pheasant.
GREE.VWOOD-Salled Feb 23-Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco. ' v •'¦','.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Feb 23— Schr
Fr«d J Wood, from Chexnalnus.
VICTORIA— Arrived Fab 22— Bktn Wrestler,
from nitrate port.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Feb 13— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. ¦ •
HONOLULU— SaiIed Feb 15-Br stmr Strath
gyle, for San Diego.
LIVERPOOL— ArrIv«»d Feb 23— Br ship Arts
tomene. hence Sent 27.
DEAL— Passed Feb 22— Br shlo Crown of In
dia, frcm Shields f*r San Francisco.
KINSALE— Passed Feb 22-Br bark Sofala,
from Oregon for QueenstoTcn.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived Feb 53— Stmr La Gascogne,
from Xew Tork.
HAMBURG— Arrived Feb 23— Stmr Palmyra,
from New Tork. ¦
YOKOHAMA-Arrived Feb »-Str Algoa, fin
San Francisco for Hongkong.
GENOA— Arrived Feb »-Stxnr Fuerst Bis
marck, frcm New Tork for Naples.
ALEXANDRIA— Arrived Feb 17— Stmr New
Bnzland, from Boston via Funchal. etc., sn a
cruise.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb 22— Stmr Colum
bia, from New Tork for Naples and Genoa.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Feb »— Stmr Nedertasd,
for Philadelphia.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Feb 22— Str Maasdam.
for New Tork.
MCTHKBH PACIFIC IOJirAJH. -
(ricrno unu.)
Trmlma Uat* naU nr* do* !• anrlf snskS
KAN UtA.MIHCO. .i~. . : '
(Main Una, Foot of Marks* Str— l^ -
GOLDEN GATE aye.. CSI-One large euany
unfurnished room; $S.
SECOND, EZ2. near H award— Clean furnished
rooir.s 'cr housekeeping; reasonable.
BACKERS OF
FRANK BELL
OUT OF LUCK
A Bungling Start Beat the
Sprinter in the Handicap.
Results at Tanforan.
There was a terrific play on the Eastern
sprinter Frank Bell to win the handicap
at Tanforan yesterday, and the unfor
tunates who pounded his price from 11 to
5 down to 9 to 5, in the face of a well
developed play on the other five starters,
are to be sympathized with/ Over at the
post,' to an apparent false breakaway,
the barrier was carried away without the
starter having pressed the lever. Henry,
astride Loving Cup, oft six lengths in
front, continued on his way, followed
later by the others in Indian file. Nothing
could overhaul the mare .which won eas
ily, with Bell second and Boundlee a close
third. Headwater had no chance, and
Ollnthus was left altogether. The crowd
roared but, of course, to no avail.
The attendance was very small, al
though the programme offered was about
the best of the week. Intrepido, Senora
Caesar and Hard Knot were the winning
choices.
The first event at six furlongs was con
ditioned to suit the racing needs of Tar
Hiir, so Frank Doss and his friends laid
their coin down good and thick at short
odds. The colt led into the stretch, where
he was passed in turn by both Mortgage
and Mountebank, the first named filly
winning easily.
A' bunch of twelve lined up in the kin
dergarten recital with J. Naglee Burk's
Intrepido a hot even money favorite. The
youngster made all the running and at
the wire was not extended to beat the
SO to 1 shot Sublime," a fllly by Imp. Lord
Esterling. Briton finished in the show.
Little Johnny Ranch got home first in
the third number astride Espirando, a 20
to 1 shot. The outsider was never farther
back than third, and outgamlng Oenua
at the finish, won by a head. Show hon
ors went to Tizona, a 25 to 1 shot. Sy
barls, which opened favorite, later .reced
ing to 6 to 1. found the track too hard for
his bad underpinning. ,";^*.
Senora Caesar simply made a gallop of
the seven-furlong affair. Backed from 4
to 5 to 2, tha Brutua mare downed Los
Prietos at the wire by over two lengths.
Fashion Plate, which opened favorite, has
apparently passed her days of usefulness
on the turf, never showing much speed,
and losing the show to Musculado.
An 11 to 20 choice. Hard. Knot enjoyed
a soft thing of It In the last event, over
a mile. sBoots"s Boots" Durnell, the clever
trainer of Potente and others, climbed up
on the back of Dr. Sheppard, arriving at
the wire in time to get .beaten for the
place by Storm King. In future "Boots"
wonld do better to let some member of
the younger generation do the piloting.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
776 Sofala 106 j 833 Raveling t»
(SOS)M. F. Tarpey.... 105 1 791 Moonbrlght 105
Second race— Five furlongs; maiden three
year-olda.
... Palatine 11*1
... Pirate J 1171
... Castaeso 119
7SS Tom Sharkey 111
E2O Isallne 112
E97 Firelight II ....114
£30 Red Cherry 113
.KO Coming Event... ll J
797 March 5even.... 112
SIO Morella 112
820 Formatus 11l
7S> Bagdad 11*
SOO GIOCOSO 114
SCB Artllla i.lll
Tnlrd race— One mile and an eighth: thres
year-olds and upward; handicap: purse. $1000.
SlO Daisy F 1021 S2S F. W. Brode 100
(?24)Potente 115 835 Boundle* 85
62S Geyser 121! SlO Topmast 108
(^SiZoroaster 1181 SO5 Advance Guard. lW
807 Mcrinel 100 ! 827 Weller 97
Fourth race— One mile and a. quarter: hurdle;
handicap.
SSI Lomo 145| .
803 Monlta ...? 14i;(«
(759) Schreiber 135 j J
$03 Rio Chico 130; .
US Durward 135!
Fifth race — Entries close at track \ to-day.
Sixth race — Six furlongs; four-y»ar-old» and
upward^
... Viking 129
(*3l)Rapido ....125
S3! University ......127
... Silverado 127
756 Mafada 112 (
79S Grand Sachem.. lo9
<773)Fausturo ....... -.W
... Rey Hooker 109
«70 Duke of York 106 (
731 Imp. C10n5111a.. .107
765)Pomplno ........106
827Captlv* 112
M 8 Torsina-.. «'.-... i1107
837 Formero ........109
778)Melkarth ....."... 109
821 Chae. Le Bel 109
Selections for To-Day.
First race— M.' F. Tarpey, Sofala, Moonbrlght.
Second race— Artllla, Isallne. Bagdad. :
.Third race— Geyser. F. W. Brode. Zoroaster.'
Fourth race — Schreiber, Durward,. Monlta.
Fifth race— Entries not at hand.
Sixth . race— lmp. Clonsllla, Fausturo, Pom
plno. ¦
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR *ale— Choice new house cf 7 rooms; nearly
nnished; at a nominal pile*; easy terms. J.
H. YOUNG, builder. II4S Park Et.
$10CO CASH: balance easy terms; new 7-room
house; 3 minutes' walk to local: fine neigh-
borhood: price UC00: worth J4500. VTIL P.
TODP. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA, £»— Suncy parlors or roenss for
light housekeeping: gas range; reasonable;
reference* exchanged.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
' '. <6nccecsora to Flannagan* Gallagher),
FIWEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBaljmSm,
tt Fifth «t.. eppoalte Lincoln HcbooL ¦ •
Telephone fioatii W, . . -
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fJSoKEABXTST. ElUblfalied
, In l <*34 for the treatment of Prirat*
'Dlse*sea,Loat Manhood. B-blliiyor
I rtlwuc rearing on body and mind and
Sltln Ptaeaaeg-The 1 doctor coreswhen
ntbersfaiL Try htm. Charges low.
|('ure«zaamnlrrd. Caltorwrlt*.
Dr. j. *'. bIBBUA. Box 1957. Saa Frandsea
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
¦ • Commencing October 1. MOT.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
¦WEEK DAY3— TiW. »9:30. 11:80 a. ca. ; "l:<s.
•J:4O. S:IS. <:<MX •:» D. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays aai SaturJay*.
at S:CO and 11:10 n." m.
STVDAT3— t*!O. «10: ML ..*11:M a. m.; nui,
t:l5. *4:45. «:». »:t»» p. m.
Trains marked <•> run to Saa Queatln.
PROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEETC DAY&-6:25. t.S. 1:H. •9:4* a. aa.;
•12:20. 1:15. •»:«. «5:15 p. n>.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at <:4& and 19:U D. m.
SUNDAYS— «:*, «S:CO. K<i:oQ. *H.:*i a. rxj
•1:40. t:l&. «:45. •«:» p. m. .
Trains narked <*1 start from San Qnentln.
FROM MILL VALLETT TO SAN KRANCIjSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 1:43. 1:Zo. »:4a a. ox;
U:a» 1:38. J:45. S^HJ p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. TVednesdays and
Saturdays at T:CO and 10:20 p. m
SCNDAT3-8:05. 10:85 a. m.; ll.«. »:13, IJO.
1:00. <:4S v. m.
¦¦>*¦¦-. . THROUGH TRAEC3.
T:<» a. ta. *<ck days — CazatSeroandvaystatloiM.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tonsales and way station*.
»;S0 a, us. Socaays— To=:»lrt aad way ¦taUozuv
kTO&V»VCB AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIEIiCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 4CI Poet «t.. cor. Powell: tel. Main Z'tt.
ALL kirfls bought, scld. exchanred. rented; re-
rairir.c at lowest rates. JOS Fourth at.
ICWIXO HACIIIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
RETCTCDTrepaJrea. bought, sold; machine anp-
piles. StaacanS Agency. 145 Cth: phcae Mint U.
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Coxxectixg Tkais- Leaves Sax Fx ancisco:
£ P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n ia time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Fraaclsco at 5:»
f yddfc;c p- m. with Palace and Tourist
nall v - « r * iOT Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains tetween Stockt'oa. VALLEY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare ka.k
aud Bakenfield. „¦
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 629
'POlSrrt cnAN Market Street, Phone Main
way; Sacrameato,2ol J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White- Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skags*
Springs; at Ctoverdale for th* Geys«»ra; at Hop-
land for Duncan £pr!ncs. Highland Springs.
K-l«->-vlIl». Cftrlsoad Sprtng*. S'xia Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Dajrs. Riverside. Llerley's.
Bucknell'jr. Sannedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr**
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Braxg.
Westport. Usal. Willitts. . l«.ytonTlHe. Com-
mine's. Bell's Springs. Harris. OUen' a. Dyer.
SeotSa. and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip ticket 3 at re-
duced rates.
On - Sunday round-trlD tickets to all points
beyond ' San Rafael at half rates. 1
Ticket Office*. 650- Market at.. Chronic!* bldg.
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN. ,
General Manager. . ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
TO SAIL.
WANTED known- MR. LEW H. SCHARER,
.;.*.e of 12 Mason et.. hae removed to Call
bullfiir.g, testh floor, where he will continue
to rive bargains In watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry. silverware, firearms and optical goods;
cash or tlroe payments. Office hours — 10 to £.
VAN NEBS. 844 (The Wallace)— Roomi and
b->*r<s: reasonable: modern conveniences.
I_/LS PAT-MA 6. 1f 29 Market #t.— 6u!te c! J tr I
nai: private; bath: t'.a. rma.: board optional.
Gt'EIiRERO. I!4— Punny furnished or oafnr-
r.iahed rooma to let with board.
NE^V fsn-.ily hotel: first -class In all appolnt-
rrerte; excellent table; epeclal inducements to
6^lect people. SCI California at., occupying
corr.er opposite Grace Church.
HOJELi FAIRMOUNT. ITI4 Market at— Ele-
par/Jy furnished eunsy rocms; en euite or aln-
r>; mitb or tvithoul board; table first-class;
reduced rates.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A-HOTEI- LA NORMANDIE. 22« Eddy; ronny
*uj»et and eingle r'vrr.f : everything new; flrst-
e'.:-.:< vshle and eenice; hot "water In every
t -vi; telerhcne Putter 147 X
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Mi* j^criptiens hat been e«sblished at the
Bortkwcal corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
••: ;v; v fts.: ci-en till * p.i m.
Steamer Movements.
NEW THROUGH CARLINE
CHICAGO,
VIA
THE RIO GRANDE
WESTERN RAILWAY
AND CONNECTIONS.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO DAILT.
. S:3o A. M. and (:39 P. M.
Effective February 25. 1900.
Get Information of Southern Pacific ticket
acents or
GENERAL OFFICE. 14 Montgomery st.
BATLHOAD TRAVEL.
¦WILLOW aye., CO. near Buchanan— 2 cunsy
r.ewly famished rooma; private family.
TTE RENT ROOMS —
CITT RENTING CO.. C 22 Market St.
TJiE OAKP. 119 Third— A rood rooming house
Irr pood j*ople. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
FIXTH. I>— Fumlshefi rocms: $1 to II B0 per
week.
FT. PETER'S Hmi». 705 California— Changea
har.Ss; nicely furnished rooms; also house-
keep", ng rooms.
EHER.MAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth Bt.,
r.esr Market— Fumlthed and unfurnished.
P.OTAL House. 1?6 E1!I» «t.— lncandescent light.
reading room, rmcking room and ladieu" par-
lor; rooms, per r.;«rht. Zse to tl EO; week. t2 ta
th: mor.th, $8 trs $20: elevator on of3ce Coot;
rooms •wltli hot and cold water: baths.
EOSEDALE House. lIS & SII Ellis st.— Rocrns,
night, 2»c to II; week. $1 25 to %i; cpen mgbt.
pnirrT.T BZA — Large runny front rooms;
nrwly furr.ishefi; suitable for gentlemen.
COAST IMTIMOX (OroadGaagtt}.
(Thtnl iwd Town«cmi Sta.)
POWEXiL. in— L4ebt. eZean.-Cosiiortab!e rooms;
Fuites cr eizgVe; running water; gas; reascn-
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 24.
OTARRELL. 2*— Sunny furnished rooms and
office* : ei<?vator: electric lights; day. wk., mo.
MINNA. C€T. corner Eighth— New furnished
tay Trtsfiotr roca. fl per week; transient.
EOTARD, JSSH — Two unfurnished front rooms.
witn ftreolaoe. for ltcfct housekeeping.
KO"WARI>. KS— Cleaa. retractable: tTc-Sl p«r
r.igtt: 11-9Z per ¦week; Howard cars to door.
HARRISON. 714. nr 4th— Finely freshd. rms.;
bath; all cooreslencej ; homelike; $1 wk. up.
09 AST DIVISION (3arr<OT ftaag*}.
(Footer Market Street)
HANCOCK House, TSI MiMjon— Select family
rooming heuae; fl to to 16 p«r week.
GOLDEN GATTJ aye., 780— Sunny frost room;
pririleg» ef kitchen and parlcr: V.
GEARY. 445 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furr.lph-
ed rooms, en suite cr single. MRS. H. HTER.
FRANKLIN. II ( Newport H cruse)— Sur.sy rocsie;
tay windows; run. water; gas; {1 25 to H £0.
rOLSOM, 945. corner Sixth (The Olivet)— Sunny
fumlshe4.*ocji:s; suites cr single: new mngmt.
FILLMORE. ISIS. cor. Bcsb— Large frost room,
furnished cr unfurnished: gent preferred.
FILLMORE. SZZ— Sunr.y furnished room; gas
and running water.
"T.T.TS. n? — Elegantly furnished rooms; aJso
neat single room; modern conveniences.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received Et Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
3URXETT. ICE Market st. (eld No. 15C4)— Fur-
nisheJ rzn* , imltes. eicgle; ai«o unfurnished.
CAJiIiOLLTON. OOt Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.-Sunr.y corner; well fum.; nr.s. &. offices.
I3OHEMIA. 23S Post. ccr. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner eulte and si&g'.e rooms; hot and cold
mater; elevator and all conveniences.
ANTONIO. 16, eft Jcnes. be\. Ellis and OFar-
rell— 2 large unfurnished rooms.
A— -THE ELMER HOUSE." £4 Bueh at.. ad-
Joining the Rues Hctcl; &4 rooms; ail prfcee.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Cnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth— Rooms
Sc toH j-r r.'.gtt; tl 2a to J5 per week, and
light hou&ekeepiiig; open ail night.
U>t> — From Dscxubis IX 1339. —
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
»übscrirtioca ta.s been established at lffil Va-
!eccia tt.
CLASSniED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Ca!l branch office, 22T3 Fillmcre et.
T\\ O nice rur.ny frcnt rooms, bedroom and
kitchen, all complete for housekeeping; n per
month. Arply eh<>e etore, UZ Mission et.. be-
tweeS rirst as! S#coni
VAN NESS aye., 4C2— Elegantly furnished sunny
auite; complete fcr housekeeping; gas etcve,
bath; also furn. parlcr: together or separate.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage license* have been iasued as follows:
Charles D. Becker, 24, 139 Fourth street, and
Magule C. Garcia, 13. IS9 Fourth street. ;. ?
Henry N. Laskey. 24, 11SC Juniper street, and
Jane E. B. Hayes, 1«. 25 Madison avenue.
Jo?oph H. D. Pullis. 22 23 Moss street, aad
Elizabeth S. Powers, 22. 409 Tehama street.
William J. Andrews. 32, South San Francisco.
and Mary A. Herdel, 2«, 417 York street.
Robert V. Hagerty. 35, city, and OUie
Adam. 22, city.
William I. Armstrong, J6. 447 Tenth street,
aad Nellie A. Crowell, 20, ISI Russ street.
Louia Lacarde, 28. £47 Mission street, and
Celestlne Barrere. 88. 1918 Fillmore street.
Georee H. Poole. 27. 122 Trenton street, aad
Uly Watta. 11. f24 Francisco street.
John J. McCullough. 31. IK Trenton street,
asd Mary Burns, 35, 122 Trenton street.
Giovanni CamDodonlco, 23, city, and Annie
Daley, 12, city.
Miguel S. Domlngos. 80. 461 Hayes street, aad
Maria A. R. Botcho. 80, 461 Hayes street.
THIRTEENTH. 175— Front bay-window room,
t'-drnoms and kitchen: rent $i.
SEVENTH. 2tf— Three sunny rooms, with laun-
dry, furnished complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, ::» — Clean sunny housekeeping
roon:«; eulte cr slnx'.e.
S4ISS2ON. SC— Xioe front rocm aad kitchen.
c^s:;i;ete for housekeeping.
LEWIS, :s. ofT Taylor, near Poet — 3 furnished
and ur.fumished upstairs rooms; $11, 113.
KEAIiNT. rjear Sutler— A light front room. :<;
gas free: also housekeeping room. O'Farrell.
cpp. Orpheum, 13 month. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HTDE, 4?&— Elesar.t eur.r.y front parlor suite;
complete for housekeeping; %2>\ also eisgla.
HOWARD. 7Cl'« — Nicely furnished bay-wlado*
suite and kitchen; ir.an and wife; other* reas.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
OAK. 11V— 1 larse sunny room with closet; fur-
'jUabestf for light housekeeping; $S.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOLSOM. Bit— funny bay-window room and
kitchen, modern house; Jl2; alfo 1 housekeep-
ing. j«; private.
3'II.LMORE. ZtJ.. near day— JT: 1 large, aunnr
unfumlfhfd rooms; n'.ce yard; water.
rOLgOM. ae-:is— Four to six" housekeeping
rocms; ccrsplete; water and gaa.
HDDT, SlT— Susny connecting housekeeping
rooms; furnished; rplendld location; private
residence,.
CASTRO. 4T9. near 17th and Market— 2 house-
keeping rooms; etable if desired: cheap.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...F»OR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES * MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. S. "PORTLAND^.. ApriI 30. 130* .
FROM SEATTLE ....V.B. 8. "DORA" ...April 30. tX»
. ..Oil SAN FRANCISCO • ?..;........:..U. •...•..i.'.S. a •'RAINIER". ..:... .May- 10. 1J»
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. S. "ST. PAUL." May 2«th
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SSATTLB. „ ?.........£. a. "BERTHA." oommeacl&x April »t»
:¦ ..;. AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
-".- •.*- .- . ¦ - _ * . • ..¦ vv i' ' f
For new folders, mapa and further particulars as to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. SlO Eansom* street. San Francisco. CaL
For Seattle sailings apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual L!J« Buttdlnx. Seatts«.Wa»h_
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
beloved wlft of Dexter I. Harlow, 1 a native
of Madison. New Hampshire, aged £7 years
and 27 days.
ErFriends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Christian
Church. Twelfth street, between Howard and
Mission. Interment Cypress Lawn ' Cemetery
by electric funeral car from Fourteenth and
Mission streets.
HESS— In this city.' February 23. 1900. Helena,
beloved wife of Jacob E. Hess, and mother
of Mrs. H. A. Baker and Charles P.. Fred-
erick J. and Jacob V. Hess, a native of
Prussia, Germany, aged 45 years 1 month and
9 days.
E7"The funeral Trtll take plaoe this day
(Saturday), at S: 15 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Buhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment at
Austin. Nevada. .
HURLEY— In this city. February 23, 1900,
Daniel Hurley, beloved brother of Robert,
John and Nellie Hurley and Mrs. John Pur-
cell, a. native of London, England, aged 23
years. -
(C7"Notlee of funeral hereafter. ,• .5 -
LEAHEY— In this city, February 23, 1900, at
Mount St. Joseph Asylum, Lyda, daughter of
the late Frank and Kate Leahey, a. native of
San Francisco, aged 11 years.
EX The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the asy-
lum. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McFADDEN— In this city, February 2S, 1900.
Joseph E., beloved son of John and -Hannah
McFadden, and brother of Mary. Ellen, John,
Eugene and Nora McFadden. a- native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 5 months and 2S days.
E7The funeral will take • place this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 3914 Taylor street, between
Union and Filbert. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McDEVITT— In this city. February 22, 1900,
John J.. beloved son of th* late James and
Ann McDevltt. and brother of Annie Mc-
Devltt. Mrs. J. Breslin and Mrs. P. MeCol-
gan. a native of Boston, Mass. (Boston pa-
pers please copy.) . ¦#
ETThe fun«tral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 30S Brannan street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services at 2 o'clock. - In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MELROSE— In this city, February 2J, 1900,
Mary A., mother of Kenneth Melrose. In the
90th year of her acre. .
E7The funeral service*, will take place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
residence of her son. Kenneth Melrose, 2517
Octavla street.
NERRMAN— In this city. February 21. 1900.
Catherine, wife of James Nerrman. beloved
mother of James and John and the late Edna
Nerrman, and beloved sister of» Charles
William and Georre Loomls and Mrs. James
F. Flynn. a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years and 7 months.
ROBART— In Oakland, February 2J, 1300, John
J. Robart. beloved husband of Marguerite
Robart. and father of Mrs. N. D. Ryan and
Theodore and August Robart, a native of
France, aged 75 years t months and 19 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at t o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 815 Chester street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
REYNOLDS— In this city, February 2J, 1500. at
his residence, 14 Guy place. William Rey-
nolds, beloved husband of Ellen Reynolds, .a
native of Dublin, Ireland, aged S3 years.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
RUCKSTUHL— In this city, February 23, 1900,
John, dearly beloved husband of Eva Ruck-
stubl, and beloved father of Lena Ruckstuhl,
a native of Oberhasen, Canton Urron. Switz-
erland. aa;ed 84 years. ..';.:
RIORDAN— In this city, February 22, 1900,
¦William J.. dearly beloved aon of T. P. and
Margaret Rlordan, and brother of T. J., Jo-
seph, Frank, Frances and Tessle Rlordan and
Mrs. W. J. Hlffglns, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
E7Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1415 Post street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing: at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city, February 22. 1900.
Jesse A... Infant aon of Jesse E. and Alice M.
Roberts, a native of Ean Francisco, aged (
months and 27 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 1455 Ellis street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHWARTING— In this city. February 22. 1900.
Captain Dledrich Schwartlng, dearly beloved
husband of Dora Schwai-tiner, father of Aug-
ust, Dledrich Jr. and Theodora Schwartlng,
and brother of Otto and Adolph Schwartlng.
Mrs. Anna Gerdes. Mrs. Caroline Ochse and
Mrs. Beta Busse, a native of Neuronnebeck.
Germany, ased SS years 10 months and 9 days.
(New York papers pleaee copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr <fc Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
EHEPLET- In Vallejo. February 23. IMO. El-
len, beloved wife of James A. Sheoley, and
mother of Mrs. Robert Malnbersr, Mrs. Mal-
colm Morrison and Miss May and Ellen Shep-
ley. a native of. Chatham, Canada, ased.M
years 8 months and 26 days.
TAYLOR— In thla city, , February 22. 1900. I. L.
Taylor, beloved wife of K. A. Taylor, a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 44 years.
fCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
"WINCHESTER— In this city, February 23, 1500.
Julia Winchester, a native of New York, aged
55 years. , . ,
C7 1 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral from her late residence. 942
Sutter street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 p, m.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Crematory.
WHORTON"- In the City and County Hospital,
February 23. I?<X>, Thomas Wtaorton, a native
of Ireland, aced £7 years.
WELCH— In the City and County Hospital.
February 22. 1900, Kate Welch, a native of
Ireland, a«»d 40 years.
A CARX> OF THANKS.
Widow, brother and sister of the late W.
T. Gosland (deoeaaed) desire to extend their
heartfelt thanks to their friends, Court
Southern Heights, I. O. F.. and Draymen
and Teamsters' Union for their kindness aad
sympathy in their late bereavement.
nOOSIS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
THE SAN FRA3STGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, IW.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight.
fIAUFORNm Limited
Santa Fe Route
OFFICE— IIIB* BROADWAY.
SSOC9— A SNAP: 7-room house; "modern": best
neighborhood; 5 minutes' walk to local: $2000
can remain on proj>erty: see it. WM. P.
TODE>, 10TO Broadway. Oakland.
$1650— A BARGAIN: 30 acres of land I*4 miles
from Fur.oi; about JOO French prune trees,' be-
sides small family orchard and vineyard-,
house of 6 rooms; barn; chicken-houses; all
fenced. W. P. RYAN, W3 7th at.. Oakland.
CITT realty: fruit and stock ranchos: loans.
SALSBL'RT. 908 Broadway. Notary Public.
OAKLAND Branch Ofnee of The Call re-
rco\ed to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Advar-
tl«emer.ts end subscriptions received.
OAKLAND FCRXITCIIE FOR SALE.
AN lctrcdsctlon to you from H. Schellhaas. tht
furaitur* araler. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Ofttce of The Call re-
moved to HIS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
50 Hutchinson S P Co 25 IJVi
150 Hutchlrson S P Co 2500
50 Oceanic S S Co, b 2 91 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co .:...-.... 24 75
25 Onomea Sugar Co J4 «2H
150 Paauhau S P Co 23 00
155 S F Gas <fc Electric Co 60 75
60 S V: Water, s 30 , 97 25
25 S V Water 97 50
Street— • - ; ?.•• ..
•119 Paauhau S P Co ..._.-.. ..— - IS 00
$2000 S P of X bonds — ..... JlO 60
CALIFORNIA OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
300 Anaconda S3
Afternoon Session.
ICO Anaconda ¦• 55
100 Anaconda CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
¦ Morning Session.
200 Burlington 100
250 Caribou »5
Afternoon Beeaion.
1500 Burlington ICO
100 Caribou ". »3
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: '
' : .'ll-'_ ¦ Mornlns Session.
200 Belcher 21; 4W> Sierra Nevada. 36
150 Con Cal & Va.l 40: 100 Sierra Nevada. 37
100 Mexican 211 150 Standard 2 65
200 Ophir 53 160 Utah :11
100 Sierra Nevada. 351 , /r'xj':
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 22 600 Potosi 25
100 Caledonia 33 100 Sierra Nevada. 36
200.Chollar IS i 700 Yellow Jacket. IS
100 Ophir 53
Following: were the jsales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnj Session.
100 Belcher 20 1 100 Ophir 52
300 Belcher 21 400 Sierra Nevada. 3a
100 Caledonia 3S| 300 Utah 11
600 Con Cal & Va.l 40 j
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ...... 38! 100 Ophir 61
200 Con Cal & Va.l 40 300 Savage 11
1000 Crown Point... 09 j 200 Union Con 23
100 Mexican 21 500 Yellow Jacket. 18
200 Mexican ....... 20"
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Feb. S3— 4 o. m-
Bld.Ask.
AJpha 02 03
Alta — 07
Andes 05 06
Belcher H 23
Best & Belcher 34 36
Bullion 02 04
Caledonia 3S 39
ChoJlar 1» 20
Challenge ..... 13 20
Confidence — 75
Con Cal & Va...l 40 1 4i
Con,lmp — 02
Con New York..— 04
Crown Point .. 09 10
Exchequer — 04
Gould & Curry 14 15
Hale & Norcrs 30 32
Julia — 02
Justice 06 07
Bid. Ask.
Kentuck — 01
Lady Wash 01 —
Mexican 19 21
Occidental 11 U
Ophir 53 54
Overman 10 11
Potosi 24 J6
Savage ? U 12
Scorpion ....... — 03
See Belcher.... 01 OS
Sierra Nevada. 26 37
Silver Hill .... — 04
St Louis 03 —
Standard S 65 2 75
Syndicate ...... 03 —
Union Con .... 23 24
Utah 10 11
Yellow Jacket. 13 19
Branch Hydrorraphlc Office, TJ. 8. N., Mer
chants' E^tchanee, San Francisco, Cal.,
February », 1800.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian,, or. at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CAI-KINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. X.. In charge.
•7i«oa BerJcia. Snlaun, *fr"*» Va«aTlSa>
-¦¦ -.-. Httttwitstvl Mmt aTwerttff 1 1 T *?v43£
•Tio« * tkagU "fctmeu— Davia, WlQewa,
- Bad BhifC Portland. *7»i3»
•7>3«a MatUDet. Saa ßamon. v afleja Sapa, _
CaHstctaasdSaota Eosa *flil3#
•*i 3»» TheCheibadUanireti— Ogslea, Dea.
»er, Oiaaha, Chicago *O«tS|
•lisa* San Jom Lfrermam Steeibw.
lons. Saersmeato, FlaeerrtHa,
Sl*rj»i:i«. Chlco. jieißlaa Mill|
•A*BO4 •aLUlomOacdalaaadSeNn ' MtlSf
•9:OO» Haywarda. KUca aad Way BtaUooa. • 1 IrU«
••iOO a Dan* Woodland. Kalshtt Tr-~^"y_
Mitr»nil«,Orotlll«... »T»4a«
•!>:••» AtlaaUs Xzmta»-O(dea and Ea*s *«>4Ui
•OiOO 1 Martlaei, Tracy. Lathroa, Stockton.
Merc-4 aad Fre*ao. *I*il3»
••••** Prat Costa, Fraaook lie jar* and Lm
Angelas. *«t43»
• l O >• 0 1 TaUefo. MarUnea andi Way Stations •• :-» 3 »
¦11 100 a Haywarda, Nile* ard Way SUUobs. # 212 1 *4»
M2:«Um I.iles, Llffiajore, Stock ten. B*arv
tl>«*P Baerameßto Blver Bt«aawra ******
•«t«OB> Haywarda, KOea aad Way Btatfama. »3H3*
•*.»•» Mutints, Baa lUsxm. VaJUJo.
Maps, CallatogmSaota Rosa •wilSj)
MiHr Bcoiela, V*ca»Ule, 6aeram«nla,
WooSland, - Kn<2bU LtxtUag.
¦ JlamTille, OtotUls „ •l«M3a
MttOr stlea, Ban Joseaod Stockton »7i13»
•5:w«FTh» Owl Limited— TracT. Treano.
Bakcrsfleld. Baocoa ta Bant* Ba#-
ban. Lea Angeles. *I*»<9a
«3i««r Brant Lfaslted— El Faao. Vww Or-
leassand East «l»t43*
•liSOr Btccktoo. ileiced, ncano «12i13>
•si3Or Vresno, UikenSeM. ."ant* Rarbara,
Los Annies. Demist £1 Puo,
Jiew Orleans and Ea*t *5«49»
•3>3»r Santa, F» IConte— Atiaatla Eipraaa
for Mo>*« and Ea»» •«iti#
•8:»Of Haywarda, Kilea and Saa Joso *S>** a
t«:3orVaU«Jo MSilsr
•fl:3orOHeacalMa&-O3denandEait •9Jl9t
}?>oop Vallejo. rat Costa and Way Sta-
tions. i t9i53»
•SiVSp Oregon aad California l!xrreaa,Haa-
. nuueato. MirjsTil."*, Re^Jluj,
" Hort!»iwl. Pngft Ho. ¦ ml a»«\ lU»> *9ttltM,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. ¦ Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is tha same at both places.
*sil9a H«wark.Cent«r»ille,fc"»a Jose, FH ton.
Coo lder Creek^anU Cnxt and Way
StatioD •9«04M
tS>I3F Newark, Canterrtlle, fan Jcse, New
Ahnaden. IsJtoa. lionlder Cn«k.
Santa Cms and Priodpal Way
atatlooa H»s— i
*4il9p]r«irark.Hsn JcM.LctGatoa *«>2da
111 iISp Oncters' txcrjsion. San Jot* and
- Way Stations f7*QW
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnm SIS NUIOSCO— r»l tt axrkti !-mt »s::» ¦>)—) —
•7:15 »:OO llAOi.a. Jl«3 *2:33 U:Z3
rnaOilUlJ— r«*ttfßrwd«iT.— '6:oo 8.00 30.00*. v.
JI2:C3 *I:C3 J2^J *2:Z3 U-.Z2 'tAZr.it.
tSr ioa Ocean View. Soatb Han JTiaaciaeo.. i«:a«r
- *7>OO* Ban Jose <wi<l Way btati. in (New
Almtden \Tednesua;s culy) *l:*»f
•»t««* Raa Jos*. Ties fiuca. .Smu Cru,
' Padfle ('.rove. I'm llnblcs. San
f I.iils f.l.l3r>'). Hntf, Lompc: aud
Prlnclr<«l W>; BUtloia MilOr
•I •« l»» Saa Jon and Way Stations •¦<34a
•lli3O« Baa Joa» aud Way Statioua........ *3t3Or
. «ai<3r g«n Mateo, Redvoo<l. Menlo Park.
r Ttlo Alto. Santa Clan, ban Joaa,
. Ttm liaca. Sauta Crux. Pt.'hm.
SllontCTty aud I'aeific GroTe tl"'.»«*
»*«P Saa Jose and Way Stalions *7:30r
il9r Saa Jonaml Principal Way gtatloas -JtASk
:OOpBsa Jose and Principal Way Btatioca «0:Oo A
-:3Or Saa Jose ami Principal Way Stations •*:3*ft
•Ciaor Sao Jos* and Way Stations .- t««:O<»*
|11;45p gan Jcsa and VTnj SUtlops *7»S«»
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides -of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and tha last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TAKFORAX PARK. FeSruary n, i9C«.— Weather fine. Track fast.
A (oc Mornisc. P to* Afternoon.
* Daily. t Sun<!.iy exretiUd. I Saadaj only.
b Satarday r n'.y.
4LXKeada9a and Fi idaj s • ThuxmJ ay» aad Baadafa>
CALIFORNIA NORTfIVESTEHN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
upii . RAILV/AY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O; 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. «:35 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:3> p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.iJ
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— S:OO. 9:30. U:00 a. m.; 1:30; 1:30.
S'.OO. C:2O p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN . FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— €:IO. 7:30. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:49. 5:10 p. m, Saturdays— Extra trips at
¦1:55 and «:33 p. m. - . ¦
SUN DAT3— B:IO. 9:iO. 11:13 a. m.; 1:49. S:4O. I^s.
.«:!5 p. n .
Between San Francisco . and Schuetzen Par*
same schednl^ as abov*.
Leave • Arrtv*
Ean Francisco. In Effect San Franclsct*.
V October 15, ¦ •¦
¦Week Sun- U*. San- Week
Days. J days. Destination, days. Days.
7:30 am $:0O am Novato. |W:4O am! B:*> am
>:39 pm 9:20 am Pettluma. J «:0S pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pmf Santa Kosa. | 7:35 pm} «:23 pn
Fulton. '
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Bfealdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:25 pm 1:21 pm
7 30 anil IHopland and!
I »:00 am| UkiaH. | 7:35 pmf «:2» pm
-•30 am I ¦ ia:2»aa»
S:ooam Gaernerine. >:33 pm
1:30 pm \ ¦ l.nym
7-3>Janii 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:13 am! }:40 am
¦ and 1- ; I
»:U pm' S:W pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm! <:23 pm
7:3) ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL [10:40 am[W:2S am
3:30 pra! 5:09 pm! . | 7:35 pm| «:g pa
532. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400. '
Time— H., :24>i; hi, :48%; %. 1:14. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Win
ner, J. Anthony's b. f.. by Montana-Lottery. Ride Mortgage received' was a great im
provement over previous one. Tar Hill stopped In stretch. Bogus Bill ran a bad race.
Scratched— Tom Sharkey 107, St. Anthony 107. - .
533. SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse. 1400.
Time— 3-16. :18: 7-16, :43. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, J.
Naglee Burk's b. g.. by Drum, Major-Bravura. Winner was best. Aphrndls Fhould have
been closer up. Annello a slow beginner. Screenvrell Lake heavily played. Trixle R left.
83*. THIRD RACE— t=lx furjongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— %. :24',4; Vi. :49U: %. l:l4Vi. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. I. More
house's blk. g. by Imp. Brutus-Ardente. Keplrando is an Improved horse. Genua stopp«d.
Tlrona made a pood run. Track too bard for Sybaris. Momentum a "dog." Scratched—
Sallte GoxrfwlnlOljOrandSaichemlWjPoJkaiOJ^Devereanx 81, Nora Iveg 68. .¦..-¦¦
835. FOURTH RACE— Six furlonct; handicap three-year-olds and upward: purse, WOO.
Time—^4, MX: H. :48V4: V 1:14. Bad start.- Won easily, second and third driving. Winner
George W. Miller's b. m.. by Belvidere-Liizette. Winner teat the gate. Headwater almost
left. In fact, nothing butjCup had_a_ chance. - ¦ -¦¦¦-, .¦_.-:¦ •,--.-.. . - ?
830. -FIFTH RACK— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400. ' -
Time— %, :13*«; %. :8S; %, 1:0*: ?4, 1:3<H4." Poor start. Won easily, second and third driving
Winner, William Boots & Sons ch.f.. ,by imp. Brutus-Bessie. Senora blessed With an abun
dance of speed. Fashion. Plate cut off soon aftar fetart: Bhe is of no account. / .
8«T. SIXTH RACE— One mile: four-year-olds and upward; purse, f4OO.
Time—^4.*:2Mi: %. :M: V. 1:1 a; mile 1:4U6. . Good start: Won easily, second and third driv
ing. Winner, E.- Lanigan's b. h., .by Buchanan-Voltine, - Knot In fin© shape. Dr. Sheppard
badly bandied. Fonnero ridden wide, all the way. • ' ¦ v• • '••¦ -
/MOUNT TAMALPfTIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week days : — »:» a. m- and 1:43 p. m.
80nday5...........»:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:42 p. nv
- Bteam-heated dosed car on all trtans. -
Fare— Saa Francisco to Summit aad Rstura.
tmo. - -
able.
11
Pun rises 6:4S
Sun sets » :ss
Moon rises 2M5 a. m.
0: ITinxjl jTlin* Time Timel
¦.I -[Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
? |L VTJ IH Wl L. TV H W
L W H.W ¦• Li W • H W
J4 ... ¦ 0:16 3.2 6:03 6.3 1:31 0.2 8:52 4.2
IS ... 1:18 3.1 7:IS 5.4 2:24-0.1 9:35 4.6
tt ... t:2% 2.? 8:25 J.B 5.13 -*.l 10:13 4.9
17 ... - 3:23 2.4 9:23 6.7 3:5« — 0.1 10:50 5.1
2S ... 4:12 1.8 10:25 5.S 4:39—0.1 11:23 5.4
1 ... 5:00 1.3 11:20 5.7 5:22 0.4 11:59 5.5
2 ... 5:50J O.» 12:15 S.&t 6:01 0.9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 24
Navarro Humboldt." Feb. 24
Punol .v.'. '.Grays Harbor Feb. 24
Homer |Portland Feb. 24
Pomona iSan Diego |Feb. 74
Ruth Coos Bay Feb. 24
A Blancbard .. Coos Bay Feb. 24
Bermohr Oyster Harbor Feb. 14
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 25
Coos Bay ....... Newport... Feb. 28
Queen .......... Victoria & Pnget Sound Feb. 2o
Orizaba Humboldt jFeb. 28
Rpbt. Adamson Xar.almo jFeb. IS
CoquiUe River. .[Grays Harbor Feb. 27
Australia [Honolulu , Feb. 27
Leander ; Kotchinotzu.... Feb. 77
Arcata Coos Bay.. Feb. 27
Tlllamook TUlamook Bay... Feb. 27
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 27
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
Samoa iHumboldt F«b. 27
Corona ..,. San V^^9 Feb. 23
Curacao .. Mexh?. Feb. 28
San Pedro Humboldt Feb. 23
State of Ca1.... P0rt1and...;..., Mar. 1
Czarina' Pucet Sojind Mar. 1
Mackinaw ...'.. jPpattle [Mar. 1
National City. .(Grays Harbor |Mar. 1
Point Arena Point Arena .IMar. 1
Acapulco -...iPanama Mar. 2
Bontta ..;...... .(Newport.. Mar. 2
North Fork.....|Humboldt Mar. 3
Steamer. I : Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Bonita |Ban Pedro..... Feb. U. » am|Pl«r 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena... Feb. 24. 2 pm'Pler 2
A Blanch'd'Cocß Bay Feb. 24, 5 pm'Pfer 13
Aioha {Crescent City. |Feb. 24. 4 pmjPler 2
Cliy Pueblai'vie fc'Pici Sd.iFeb. fi»" luamifler :*
Homer ..... Oregon Ports. JFeb. 35. 10 am [Pier 20
Pomona ... San Diego.-.. ..-Feb. 26. U«in|Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt..... Feb. J6. 9am Pier 2
Newbure .. Grays Harbor Feb." 26. spm
Coptic ...... CMnaft JapanfFeb. 27. Ipm PMS3
Columbia .. Portland...... '.Feb. 27. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport..'..... Feb. 2S. 9am Pier 11
Peru ....... Panama....... Feb. 28, 12 m PMSS
Orizaba .... Humboldt..... Feb. 28, 2pm Pier 9
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Tiilamoolc .. Tillamook Mar. 1. 12 m Pier 2
Aroata Coos Bay Mar. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Queen ......IVic & P*t Sd. Mar. 2. IS am Pier 9
Corona .::.. San EMeir(>:.... Mar. t, 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Mar. 2
ndex. Hor«e. Weight. ,St.
811 Mortgage 105 4
KS Mountebank 107 2
(A3 Tar Hill 110 3
Itt Gusto 110 6
705 Bogus Bill 110 S ,
?1» Tomale 107 1
802 Tbe Scot 10~l 7
%m.
1 3
8%
4 ;
6 6
5 £
2 1
1 4
3 1
4 5
6 hi
« S -
7
Str.
2 4
1 2
3 6
4 4
c 8
- 6 «
Betting.
Fin. I Jockfyg. ]Op. . CI,
1 1 Tullett 3 18-5
2 2 Morgan ....... $ 12
310 Spencer 4-5 1-2
4 1 Kullman g ' 15
510 Henry •"• - 10 20
S 3 E. Jonea 60 ir-0
7 E. Ross VS B0
ndex. Horse. Weight. [St.
7»1 Intrepido 108 3
7SI Sublime 101 4
826 Briton 109 1
732 Aphrodls ICS S
773 Raveling 11l 5
... Annello :. 110 9
526 Countess Clara 10S 11 .
... Cushion 1H 7
Sl4 Forbes m «
... Screenwell Lake... .10? 10 .
Sl4 Floranthe 103 2
TTS'Trtxie R 101 12
!tm.
him.
%m.
14
n
4 2
52
» 10 ¦
6 1
10 5
11 10
12
Sir.
Fin ; j Jockeys. |Qp.
1 2l± JBuUman ...... "4-s^:
2 4 Buchanan .... 30
3 »,4 E. Jones 20
4 3 Tullett 12
5 2 J. Martin 7-2
- (4 Fpencer 6
7 1 1. Powell ' 15
BY* Hennessey .... 20
0 3 Morgan ....... 29
10 10 Henry 8
11 20 B. R055.. ...... go
12 T. Walsh 10
i 3
• SC
Vi
¦ ¦Id
X
3d
- 20
100
4
' .40
12
Index. Horse. Ace. \% eight, jbt.
£11 Kspirando. 5 103 S
$17 Genua. 4 &S 8
Sl7 Tizona, 3 96 9
806 Matt Hogan, S 90 10
ittZ) Lavator, 4 104 z
B*s Alleviate, 5 105 1
659 Momentum. 5 110 3
800 Silvertall. 3 Wi 4
(Sl3) SybarU. 5 103 7
Sl2 White Fern. 4 10S «
8?7 Ladr Britannic. 6.. 101 11
__%m
i.
Mm.
2H
3 1
5 *4
6 H
4 h
10 4
1 h
SI
' 71
5 1
11
?im. Str.
3 4
2 2
6 1 ...
. 1»i ...
& h ...
8 t
V" :::
41' ...
10
11
Fin.
1 h
2 \i
3 h
4 »i
5 1
6 'i
7 1
S 2
9 4
10
11
I Jockeys. [Qp.
Ranch 10
Phclan g
Henry io
T. Walsh 19
Bullman ...;.. T-2
Morgan 3
Spencer '2 '
E. Ross. ;. 10
Tullett ........ E-!
E. Jones ;. 10 -
J. Martin 15
X
¦ 6
23
15
"*!
7-2
25
6
8
25
Index Horse. Age. Weight. |St. !im.
(825) Loving CUP 8 ""?!}
7tt> Frank B«U, 4 "*! «
(817) Boundlee. » «>; 2
7?9 Headwater, 4 110 6
Ezrsiy. 6...:.: •>!» » " —
775 " CHlnthug, 4. ..;.... ...56j Left ... ¦>¦
13
8 H
2 H
6
4 2
1 2
2 4
3 1
4 1 .
S
Str.
1 2
•24 >
3 2
4 6.
6
Fin, j Jockeys. |Qp. cI7
1 2 Henry 3^ gTj
21 . Spencer ....... 2 9-5
S3 Phelan g 10
T.4s ¦ E. J0ne5...;... 4.. 5
6 E. R055........ 6 . S
... -jT.* Walsh: 6 ¦ 4
nJex. Horse. At*. Wetght.|St.
77S Senora Caesar. 4... .109! 4
812 Ixm Prletos, 5 114 5.
£07 Musculado, a. 114 3
gig Faehion Plate, a.. .117 2
7S-* El Salado. 6.. .......112 1
522 MUt Younr. 4 ..lie 6
cv Loconotno, 6 112 •
lh
5 h
21
.4 h
3 H
• 6 h
7 :
" J ,im. %m. Str. ¦
11 15 15
4 2 83 Sl'
¦BH.I h J 1 ¦
" • 7- 4 %
Zb3 3 6 2
6h5 h 6 4
' ...«!• 4h 7
Fin. | : Joe key g. |Op.
1 2 Tullett . 4
ins E. • Jpnes. ..;... ¦• g
32" Ftullman ...;.. 15 '
44 pjerott. .-. s-j
u2 E. Rosa ¦_ j .
•6 5 " Spencer "3
7 M0rgan"....... 23
|Op.
Cl.
6-2
5
20
12
7-2
41
Cl.
Index.' Hop* I . 'Age. -Welght.|St. Km. ..;.
($10) Hard Knot. 4.'......112 -5 2 h
798 Ftorm Kins. ...... .114 2 ... 1 tti
824 Dr. Sheppard, •.'....124 a 4 1
758 Fonnero, 4...:.......X» 1 - ,¦ 3 2
812 Pogtown. t 114 4 S
-Hra.
22 .
- 14 ;
«^
4 6
ttra.
Km.
| 11,
2S
4 5
t h
. -6 ¦- ¦.'.
•ira.
Str.
1 3
22
'"-' tl .
- ,4 8 ¦
8 •¦-'•¦
Str.
Fin. ¦f -. Jockey." [Op. -QL
13. Bullman ...... 3-5 11-20
2H H. Shields..... 15" •»
•14/ C- Durnell.... 4 •". 7-2
4 3, Spenc«r ? 5-2 ' 7-2
¦ 6 IPlggott ........ 20 60
Fin.
Jockeys.
iOp.
Cl.
Pun rises 6:4S
Sun sets » :ss
Moon rises 2M5 a. m.
0: ITinxjl jTlin* Time Timel
¦.I -[Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
? |L VTJ IH Wl L. TV H W
L W H.W ¦• Li W • H W
J4 ... ¦ 0:16 3.2 6:03 6.3 1:31 0.2 8:52 4.2
IS ... 1:18 3.1 7:IS 5.4 2:24-0.1 9:35 4.6
tt ... t:2% 2.? 8:25 J.B 5.13 -*.l 10:13 4.9
17 ... - 3:23 2.4 9:23 6.7 3:5« — 0.1 10:50 5.1
2S ... 4:12 1.8 10:25 5.S 4:39—0.1 11:23 5.4
1 ... 5:00 1.3 11:20 5.7 5:22 0.4 11:59 5.5
2 ... 5:50J O.» 12:15 S.&t 6:01 0.9
ndex. Hor«e. Weight. ,St.
811 Mortgage 105 4
KS Mountebank 107 2
(A3 Tar Hill 110 3
Itt Gusto 110 6
705 Bogus Bill 110 S ,
?1» Tomale 107 1
802 Tbe Scot 10~l 7
%m.
1 3
8%
4 ;
6 6
5 £
2 1
1 4
3 1
4 5
6 hi
« S -
7
Str.
2 4
1 2
3 6
4 4
c 8
- 6 «
Betting.
Fin. I Jockfyg. ]Op. . CI,
1 1 Tullett 3 18-5
2 2 Morgan ....... $ 12
310 Spencer 4-5 1-2
4 1 Kullman g ' 15
510 Henry •"• - 10 20
S 3 E. Jonea 60 ir-0
7 E. Ross VS B0
ndex. Horse. Weight. [St.
7»1 Intrepido 108 3
7SI Sublime 101 4
826 Briton 109 1
732 Aphrodls ICS S
773 Raveling 11l 5
... Annello :. 110 9
526 Countess Clara 10S 11 .
... Cushion 1H 7
Sl4 Forbes m «
... Screenwell Lake... .10? 10 .
Sl4 Floranthe 103 2
TTS'Trtxie R 101 12
!tm.
him.
%m.
14
n
4 2
52
» 10 ¦
6 1
10 5
11 10
12
Sir.
Fin ; j Jockeys. |Qp.
1 2l± JBuUman ...... "4-s^:
2 4 Buchanan .... 30
3 »,4 E. Jones 20
4 3 Tullett 12
5 2 J. Martin 7-2
- (4 Fpencer 6
7 1 1. Powell ' 15
BY* Hennessey .... 20
0 3 Morgan ....... 29
10 10 Henry 8
11 20 B. R055.. ...... go
12 T. Walsh 10
i 3
• SC
Vi
¦ ¦Id
X
3d
- 20
100
4
' .40
12
Index. Horse. Ace. \% eight, jbt.
£11 Kspirando. 5 103 S
$17 Genua. 4 &S 8
Sl7 Tizona, 3 96 9
806 Matt Hogan, S 90 10
ittZ) Lavator, 4 104 z
B*s Alleviate, 5 105 1
659 Momentum. 5 110 3
800 Silvertall. 3 Wi 4
(Sl3) SybarU. 5 103 7
Sl2 White Fern. 4 10S «
8?7 Ladr Britannic. 6.. 101 11
__%m
i.
Mm.
2H
3 1
5 *4
6 H
4 h
10 4
1 h
SI
' 71
5 1
11
?im. Str.
3 4
2 2
6 1 ...
. 1»i ...
& h ...
8 t
V" :::
41' ...
10
11
Fin.
1 h
2 \i
3 h
4 »i
5 1
6 'i
7 1
S 2
9 4
10
11
I Jockeys. [Qp.
Ranch 10
Phclan g
Henry io
T. Walsh 19
Bullman ...;.. T-2
Morgan 3
Spencer '2 '
E. Ross. ;. 10
Tullett ........ E-!
E. Jones ;. 10 -
J. Martin 15
X
¦ 6
23
15
"*!
7-2
25
6
8
25
Index Horse. Age. Weight. |St. !im.
(825) Loving CUP 8 ""?!}
7tt> Frank B«U, 4 "*! «
(817) Boundlee. » «>; 2
7?9 Headwater, 4 110 6
Ezrsiy. 6...:.: •>!» » " —
775 " CHlnthug, 4. ..;.... ...56j Left ... ¦>¦
13
8 H
2 H
6
4 2
1 2
2 4
3 1
4 1 .
S
Str.
1 2
•24 >
3 2
4 6.
6
Fin, j Jockeys. |Qp. cI7
1 2 Henry 3^ gTj
21 . Spencer ....... 2 9-5
S3 Phelan g 10
T.4s ¦ E. J0ne5...;... 4.. 5
6 E. R055........ 6 . S
... -jT.* Walsh: 6 ¦ 4
nJex. Horse. At*. Wetght.|St.
77S Senora Caesar. 4... .109! 4
812 Ixm Prletos, 5 114 5.
£07 Musculado, a. 114 3
gig Faehion Plate, a.. .117 2
7S-* El Salado. 6.. .......112 1
522 MUt Younr. 4 ..lie 6
cv Loconotno, 6 112 •
lh
5 h
21
.4 h
3 H
• 6 h
7 :
" J ,im. %m. Str. ¦
11 15 15
4 2 83 Sl'
¦BH.I h J 1 ¦
" • 7- 4 %
Zb3 3 6 2
6h5 h 6 4
' ...«!• 4h 7
Fin. | : Joe key g. |Op.
1 2 Tullett . 4
ins E. • Jpnes. ..;... ¦• g
32" Ftullman ...;.. 15 '
44 pjerott. .-. s-j
u2 E. Rosa ¦_ j .
•6 5 " Spencer "3
7 M0rgan"....... 23
|Op.
Cl.
6-2
5
20
12
7-2
41
Cl.
Index.' Hop* I . 'Age. -Welght.|St. Km. ..;.
($10) Hard Knot. 4.'......112 -5 2 h
798 Ftorm Kins. ...... .114 2 ... 1 tti
824 Dr. Sheppard, •.'....124 a 4 1
758 Fonnero, 4...:.......X» 1 - ,¦ 3 2
812 Pogtown. t 114 4 S
-Hra.
22 .
- 14 ;
«^
4 6
ttra.
Km.
| 11,
2S
4 5
t h
. -6 ¦- ¦.'.
•ira.
Str.
1 3
22
'"-' tl .
- ,4 8 ¦
8 •¦-'•¦
Str.
Fin. ¦f -. Jockey." [Op. -QL
13. Bullman ...... 3-5 11-20
2H H. Shields..... 15" •»
•14/ C- Durnell.... 4 •". 7-2
4 3, Spenc«r ? 5-2 ' 7-2
¦ 6 IPlggott ........ 20 60
Fin.
Jockeys.
iOp.
Cl.
Steamer. I : Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Bonita |Ban Pedro..... Feb. U. » am|Pl«r 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena... Feb. 24. 2 pm'Pler 2
A Blanch'd'Cocß Bay Feb. 24, 5 pm'Pfer 13
Aioha {Crescent City. |Feb. 24. 4 pmjPler 2
Cliy Pueblai'vie fc'Pici Sd.iFeb. fi»" luamifler :*
Homer ..... Oregon Ports. JFeb. 35. 10 am [Pier 20
Pomona ... San Diego.-.. ..-Feb. 26. U«in|Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt..... Feb. J6. 9am Pier 2
Newbure .. Grays Harbor Feb." 26. spm
Coptic ...... CMnaft JapanfFeb. 27. Ipm PMS3
Columbia .. Portland...... '.Feb. 27. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport..'..... Feb. 2S. 9am Pier 11
Peru ....... Panama....... Feb. 28, 12 m PMSS
Orizaba .... Humboldt..... Feb. 28, 2pm Pier 9
Samoa Humboldt Mar. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Tiilamoolc .. Tillamook Mar. 1. 12 m Pier 2
Aroata Coos Bay Mar. 1. 10 am Pier 13
Queen ......IVic & P*t Sd. Mar. 2. IS am Pier 9
Corona .::.. San EMeir(>:.... Mar. t, 11 am Pier 11
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Mar. 2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Aloha Crescent City Feb. 24
Navarro Humboldt." Feb. 24
Punol .v.'. '.Grays Harbor Feb. 24
Homer |Portland Feb. 24
Pomona iSan Diego |Feb. 74
Ruth Coos Bay Feb. 24
A Blancbard .. Coos Bay Feb. 24
Bermohr Oyster Harbor Feb. 14
Crescent City... Crescent City Feb. 25
Coos Bay ....... Newport... Feb. 28
Queen .......... Victoria & Pnget Sound Feb. 2o
Orizaba Humboldt jFeb. 28
Rpbt. Adamson Xar.almo jFeb. IS
CoquiUe River. .[Grays Harbor Feb. 27
Australia [Honolulu , Feb. 27
Leander ; Kotchinotzu.... Feb. 77
Arcata Coos Bay.. Feb. 27
Tlllamook TUlamook Bay... Feb. 27
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 27
Wellington Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
Samoa iHumboldt F«b. 27
Corona ..,. San V^^9 Feb. 23
Curacao .. Mexh?. Feb. 28
San Pedro Humboldt Feb. 23
State of Ca1.... P0rt1and...;..., Mar. 1
Czarina' Pucet Sojind Mar. 1
Mackinaw ...'.. jPpattle [Mar. 1
National City. .(Grays Harbor |Mar. 1
Point Arena Point Arena .IMar. 1
Acapulco -...iPanama Mar. 2
Bontta ..;...... .(Newport.. Mar. 2
North Fork.....|Humboldt Mar. 3Coffees
10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40c per Ib.
Handsome Premiums Given
witb Eacb Purchase.
'Come Just to See.
Great American IniDOFtiiijL Tea Co.
Stores ETerjrwbexe.
100 Stores.
If Buller cata cross th» Tugela
Aad capture ths^Uppery Boer,
His name will be almost as famous
Aa that of tha old "Jesa« Moor*."
FAIR-CRAVEN CASE.
Grand Jury WUI Investigate Perjury
Charges Next Friday.
Th« Grand Jury yesterday decided to
take up the charges brought up against
O. W. Simpton and others connected with
the affidavit making which caused a sen
sation in the trial -of the Fair-Craven case
last week. District Attorney Bylngton was
in close consultation with the body for
several hours, and after presenting tha
evidence he had gathered the Grand Jury
thought that it was sufficient to warrant
an investigation. Mrs./ Craven, Attorney
W. W. Foote. Lafe Pence and H. J. Bar
ling went to the District Attorney's office
at 3 o'clock. They had not been tubpenaed
but came voluntarily to testify as to their
knowledge of the case. The Grand Jury
expressed its entire willingness to inves
tigate into all the circumstances, but no
witnesses were called.
have to do that business, aa w» ara not la
politics. ¦ .
Christian Froellca. & dealer hx Iron pipes,
succeeded Mr. Schnssler on tha wftnew
stand and was asked' the price of pipes,
but he did not add any farther informa
tion to that already obtained from Mr.
Schussler. The committee of the whole
then took an adjournment until "Wednes
day evening next at 8 o'clock, when it win
conclude Its labors.
TTZHEN Attorney Dorn and Attorney Drum appear be
yy fore tJie Supervisors next Monday night as the paid
agents and mouthpieces of gamblers and blacklegs,
to present an ordinance which will permit the reopening of In
ghside-and the perpetuation of the downtown- poolrooms, let
them offer as a preamble to their petition to license crime a
truthful statement of the misery for which the racetrack Ms
been responsible. Let them present a list of tlie suicides, de
faulters, embezzlers and murderers who' have been bred at the
betting ring at Ingleside. Let them recite the cases of commer
cial shortages, of those who, have fled from justice and of those
who have committed arson because the ever-greedy, the ever
eraspiiig, heartless horde of racetrack gamblers had lured them
to Ingleside and ruin.
¦ Let the Board of Supervisors keep before them the fact
that Attorncxs Dorn and Drum do not represent the commu
nlty. They are the hired counsel of gamblers — of mat who
thrive on the proceeds of crime. Let the members of the Board
review the story of sin, of misery and privation directly trace
able to the iniquities of Ingleside and then ask their consciences
whether they can adopt such an ordinance as Attorneys Dorn
and Drum will present.
Supcnisor Joseph Tobin, a member of the Police Com
mittee which is handling the matter, is a man of means. He
comes from a family that bears an Jwnored name. He is
known as a man who is fond of honest sport and likewise fond
of decency. His uncle is the manager of tJie Hiberma Bank.
Would Supervisor Tobin, as the successor of his uncle in
the great commercial institution he represents, employ a man to
handle the funds of the thousands of depositors who was
known to bet at Ingleside or in the downtown- poolrooms?
This is the question that confronts him and to which San Fran
cisco expects an answer.
If Mr. Joe Tobin in his private affairs would look with
suspicion upon a racetrack frequenter, is he prepared to vote
to reopen Ingleside when he knows the harvest of human souls
that the place demands as the price of its existence?
profit. The- company, he said, is willing
to supply the Cortland district, but it de
mands that the city be fair In its estab
lishment of rates. There is in the matter
a reciprocal obligation. The company
owes something to the city and the city
owes something to the company. Schus
sler declared that on Monday next he will
inspect the district and see what can be
done. He asked and .was told that the
residents will be perfectly satisfied with
the rates now established by the city.
As for flre protection, which involves the
laying of large and expensive mains and
the expenditure of a great deal of money,
Schussler said that is another question.
He explained that since 1895 the Spring
Valley Water Company has expended over
$700,000 in laying pipes for water supply for
nre protection. Thia was done at the sug
gestion of the authorities of the Fire De
partment after the disastrous fire In the
South Side district in ISSS. The company
was assured, he said, of some additional
revenue by the city for hydrants.
With that understanding the company
Incurred the enormous expense protecting
the district south of Market street and
the boarding-house district north of
Market street with larger mains. When
this had. been done the city refused to
keep its agreement and refused. to pay
for over 300 hydrants. Schussler . asked
therefore that the city give some guaran
tee of fair treatment. It is hardly just,
he argued, to ask the company to stand
an enormous expense without at least
some recompense.
A Threat of Forfeiture.
The discussion then turned to the cost
of laying pipes, but nothing of impor
tance developed. The witness showed
that the cost varies with conditions as
those of transportation, size of pipe and
character of pavement to be removed and
replaced. Supervisor Magulre' s nightmare
of a meter appeared for a second engage
ment, but in no manner Justified an encore.
Encouraged by this return engagement the
petitioners from Cortland avenue asked
Schussler for something more definite
than his first promise. The Mayor Inter
jected to remark that the Spring Valley
Water Company is compelled to supply
all districts with water or submit to ac
tion for forfeiture of its franchise.
Schussler replied that the company Is
ready to supply all districts. He asserted
that ho is willing to investigate the
Cortland district and will supply it
with water, and. If possible, with flre
protection. All he asks Is that the Flre
Department be requested to station hy
drants in the district
Phelan Shudders at Advertisement.
Again the inquiry turned, this time to a
discussion of that bone of contention, the
advertising expense of the Spring Valley
Water Company, which his Honor the
Mayor has been so persistently chewing
since the investigation began. Mayor
Phelan has been sorely troubled over that
contract. Ever since he established a
shady connection with an evening paper
of this city and since he entered Into a
criminal contract with the local morning
yellow sheet to dishonor himself, sell the
power of his high office, barter the Police
Department to thugs in high places and
to buy and sell institutions as he handles
that thin commodity which he calls his
personal honor, he has been deeply inter
ested in advertising contracts.
He knows in bitterness what it has cost
him to advertise himself, and naturally
he believes that all advertisement costs
what it cost him. He knows the price
which he has paid in shattered reputa
tion, public humiliation and the degrada
tion, doubly deep, which has followed a
pretention of decency .In public office
which possessed no merit more virtuous
than its arrogance. The Mayor feels con
sequently a very deep concern in all ad
vertising contracts. He wants . to know
If they Involve shame and disgrace, if
public scorn must follow in the wake of
others as it did in that Infamous one
of his -which left him in the nakedness
of a. dishonest compact and pitiable in
the expose of a sham honesty and a bogus
public spirit.
And It was natural, too, that the Mayor
should pursue his inquiry with the firm
conviction that all advertising contracts
are dirty contracts. Involving unclean
methods and bemired hands, calling for
skulking and sneaking tactics, entailing
clandestine sessions that savor of con
spiracy and have the disgrace of un
worthy acts. His Honor the Mayor
knows of no other advertising contracts,
for -he has dealt only in such as these.
And the only instance on record where
such a contract was not honored was
when James D. Phelan purchased the col
umns of the Examiner and failed to pay
the price in the election of an Examiner
creature as Chief of Police. Perhaps his
Honor believes that in his tattered repu
tation he has paid more than his bargain
was worth.
Side Lights on a Politician.
. The discussion over advertising arose
when Attorney Kellogg announced that he
was ready to explain the advertising con.
tract of the company and to assure the
Mayor that the amount, which was $4433,
will be charged against the stockholders,
and not the consumers. The advertising,
the attorney explained, was chiefly for the
publication of a history and description of
the Spring Valley Water Company.
, "Did .the" newspapers get all of that
money?" asked the Mayor.
"Yes, sir," was the reply, j
"Did the Chronicle get some?"
"I cannot say."
. "Did The Call receive some?"
. "I do not know."
"Did the Wasp receive a share?" his
Honor asked persistently.
"I cannot say," was Kellogg's answer.
"But they are subsidized, added Phe
lan, sneeringly.
."You are mistaken, sir; they are not,"
was Kellogg's reply.
"Well, It looks like it," was the Mayor's
rejoinder.
"You must remember," retorted Kellogg,
in contempt, "that we are not in politics
and do not have to subsidize."
The shot struck home. Everybody saw
the motive of the reply and a titter float
ed through the room as the Mayor sub
sided. ¦ He had been answered as he least
expected. ...
Plead for Protection.
,Ab usual the board was late in conven
ing. Mayor Phelan called its members to
order fully an hour and a half after the
time fixed for meeting. Immediately on
coming to order the Mayor directed the
clerk to read a communication from the
City and, County Attorney, in which the
latter advised that the bids for city print
ing be thrown out and new bids, be ad
vertised for. At the conclusion of the
reading, a resolution to that effect was
adopted and then the board resolved itself
into a committee of the whole to consider
the establishment of water rates. Super
visor Connor took the chair and before
the inquiry could be gone into the Mayor
Informed the . chairman that delegates
from the Sunset District Club and resi
dents and property owners of Cortland
and Virginia avenues were desirous of
addressing the members on the question
of water. After some parley Chairman
Connor directed the clerk to read the pe
titions from both districts.. The latter
first read the communication from the
Cortland avenue citizens, which stated
that s water was ; a luxury in their neigh
borhood;; that to procure the useful arti
cle for common use the residents had to
carry It a long distance for daily con
sumption. It also stated that the streets
in some places had been graded and
sewered, but- no water was to be had for
flushing the same. It was signed by Will
iam A. . Newson and various other resi
dents and a- committee of six was present
to ! set forth their i grievances.
Mr. Schussler ; was asked why the dis
trict had not. been given a supply of wa
ter, and ' he explained that it was chiefly
because the district was at a higher level
than the College Hill reservoir. He stated
that he was perfectly willing to meet the
people half .way and see that -they . got
their water,: but It would be necessary
for the city, to aid the company in bring
ing the thing about. Mr. Newsom and C.
P. Peterson impressed the "board with the
necessity >of having water in their dis
trict - and Mr. Schussler promised : them
that he would visit their section on Mon
day and i Investigate their condition with
i a view to bettering it. The Sunset was
studied the poolrooms evil closely, knows
that it was injurious to the morals of the
young, and for that one reason alone
would have It condemned. "It must' be
stopped," she said. "We women must pro
tect the young."
This woman, the friend' and helper of
all working women, was amazed at .what
she termed the effrontery of those desiring
to reopen the poolrooms. "It Is aston
ishing," Bhe said, "that they dare to think
of such a thing. But I feel sure it will
never be. New San Francisco would never
permit' it." • •• ... ¦ . •
Dr. Charles V. Cross, Columbian build
lns^-I am a lover of horse racing, as I
am of all manly sports, but horse racing
as it was carried on at Ingleside was not
sport. There is no law stopping horse
racing in this State or city, but there is
a law stopping gambling — raw gambling
by which the youth of this city gets cor
rupted and homes destroyed.
Was Tempted and Fell.
P. F. Nolan of Nolan Bros., a resident
of San Francisco for over . forty years— l
do not favor the reopening of the pool
rooms downtown by which the horse run
ning business can be carried on at Ingle
side. Now, let me tell. you, a portion of
my objections. I had a clerk working for
me for a number of years, and a better
salesman or more honest man never lived.
He was sober, industrious, true and trust
worthy, a good father and husband. I
thought the world of . him. At last I
found that he was led into betting on the
races then in vogue at Ingleside.' Tho
first thing I -learned was that my good
man had become a defaulter. In other
words, he commenced to steal from me
to bet on the races. I had to discharge
him. I could not have the heart to put
him in : prison, although I had the proof.
Let me say, however, that this man is
not the only one of the many who fell by
visiting the pool rooms.
Poolrooms Fill Our Prisons.
Rev. E. R. Nelander, First English Luth
eran Church— The speed of the horse
should not be' cultured at the expanse cf
human degradation. The evil begins when
betting begins. Fast horses make fast
men. .Young men and boys are the food
of the poolrooms. Our prisons are full of
men who ascribe their forgery, thefts and
embezzlements to poolroom gambling.
These are the things the Supervisors
should take Into consideration when they
are called upon to take action ou the
anti-poolroom ordinance. It would.be a
crime to allow Ingleslde to reopen or the
poolrooms to continue.
Rev. W. E. Dugan, Stewart Memorial
United Presbyterian Church— l am glad
that the people have learned of the iintern r
tions of the poolroom gamblers before it
was too late to prevent the consummation
of their outrageous scheme. I have con
fidence that the city authorities will be
guided by the wishes of the people in this
matter. The poolrooms must not be per
mitted to continue and Ingleside must re
main closed. Young men Just starting in
life, who ought to be laying, the founda
tion for a successful career, are the marka
of these places of vice. It is the duty of
every citizen to enter a protest against
the poolrooms and racetrack gambling.
Embodiment of All That Is Bad.
Rev. Dr. Woods, First Baptist Church—
The poolrooms are the embodiment of
all that is bad and demoralizing, and should
be crushed out of existence. They have re
sulted In the loss of character and financial
ruin to many young men and in debauching
young girls and women who but for tills
Influence would have been virtuous ¦ and
respected members of the community.
Certainly the Supervisors are cognizant of
the evil Influence of the poolrooms, and if
they are men of honor they ¦will not per
mit these places to continue in existence.
MUST NOT TOLERATE THE
INIQUITIES OF INGLESIDE
A Vigorous Protest Against Licensing Vice
or Placing a Price on Crime.
Supervisors Called Upon to Pass the Anti-Pool
room Ordinance and Maintain the Barrier
Against Ingleside Racetrack Gambling.
It's not a new variety of headache.
It's the old pain consequent on condi-
tions which result from study, confine-
ment, and careless eating. It is only
one symptom of a derangement of the
6tomach and organs of digestion and
nutrition. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery cures headaches by curing the
diseases which cause them.
- 1 was troubled with very frequent headaches,
often accompanied by forere vomiting." writes
Mim> Mary Belle Summerton. of San iSlego, I)u-
val Co.. Texas. « Bowel* were irregular, and my
stomach and liver seemed continually out of
order. Often I could cat almoot nothing, and
sometimes absolutely nothing, for twenty-four
hours at a time. I vras entirely unfit for work,
and my whole syster.i seemed so run-down that
I feared a severe sick spell and was very much
discouraged. I was advised to try Dr. Fierce's
Golden ¦Medical Discovery, and did so with such
satisfactory results that before finishing the
third bottle I felt perfectly able to undertake
the duties attending public school life, and con-
tracted to do so. I most heartily advise those
suffering with indigestion,- and its attendant
evils, to give this great medicine a fair trial."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets keep the
bowels healthy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHARLES A. BALDWIN, THE WELL-KNOWN CLUBMAN.
BURLINGAME society has been languishing for something to gossip over
for a long time; it has borne the -privation resultant on a dearth of
scandal with a fortitude bordering upon the, heroic, "and fate has at last
rewarded this patience. For Charles A. Baldwin has resigned from the
swell club and all on account of an Insult, or a fancied insult, to his sister,
Mrs. Edward Parker Deacon. .
, The story is the sequel to the recent visit paid Charley Baldwin by his sister,
Mrs. Deacon, whose husband, Edward Parker/ Deacon, shot and killed ¦ Emile
Abellle at Cannes, France, because of the relations he claimed existed between
Mrs. Deacon and the Frenchman.
The shooting, which took place In 185»2,. created a tremendous sensation at the
time. Both parties to the scandal were representatives of the most exclusive aris
tocratic circles of their respective countries, and the subsequent trial of Deacon
became a matter of national importance.; He was eventually acquitted, but the le
gal preservation of his ' life naturally substantiated the charges he had made
against his victim and resulted In the wrecking of the reputation of his wife, from
whom he was subsequently separated.
Owing to the peculiarity of the French law, Mr. and Mrs. Deacon were not di
vorced, but the decree of separation was unequivocal, and the father was given the
custody of the children, of whom there were four, one boy and three girls.
The stir made by the scandal and trial, great as it was, gradually died awuy,
and the gossip it had engendered was drowned in that occasioned by later and
equally sensational happenings in other great families of the East and of Europe.
Therefore when Mrs. Deacon came out to visit, her brother some time ago
her advent was hardly noticed and if any man thought of her at all it was in
pity of the suffering that the long years must; have brought her. • .
Others of her own sex, however, were not so charitable. They could not find
it In their charity to forego the delightof picking the unfortunate" woman to
pieces and every little thing she did,. little things; which in. others would have
passed unnoticed, was commented upon and talked about, the volume of "gossip
finally culminating in a protest against her - appearance at the Burlingame
Clubhouse. .
The management of the club was. finally officially approached and requested to
ask Mr. Baldwin to" refrain ; from bringing his sister with him when he appeared
within the sacred precincts of the temple. -This the management reluctantly did.
At first, so the story goes, Baldwin refused to keep his sister away. 'l ßut the
pressure was too strong and he was forced to comply ; his acquiescence being Im
mediately followed by his own resignation' from! the membership."
A few days ago Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin and the balance* of the family came up
to the city and after a couple of days spent here - started : for the r East.
Mr. Baldwin is the son ; of Rear- Admiral Baldwln'of the United States navy.
He wasborn in Newport,, R.: 1., and; is a'graduate of -Oxford; University. His
family Is on* of i the best In the entire country, and' Baldwin himself is , a
leader in' the club and social: world, ibeing a member.of ;the Union Club of New
York ,aa .well as the Pacific : Union in this city,; and. a number of other swell or
ganizations In this country ., and 'l England. •He i was • one' r of the founders 'of
the club from which he .has recently resigned, and prominent in all its sports,
particularly In the polo field.' : '. " '.' : ''
He Is a brother-in-law of Walter Hobart," having married Miss Ella Hobart
some four years "ago. , ' ' . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the intentions of the conspirators when he
offered to pay the city a license if racing
would be permitted. The poolrooms like
wise magnanimously offered to contribute
a portion of their earnings to the public
treasury if they would be allowed to con
tinue their game of polluting the young
and robbing the old.
No License for Crime.
New San Francisco has not reached the
stage where it finds it necessary to license
crime or put a price on vice. *
Public indignation started the crusade
against Ingleside a year ago. The people
were victorious. A purer atmosphere
floated over San Francisco from the day
of the triumph of decency. It is not for
the citizens now, when the gamblers and
touts are attempting to get another hold
on the community, to calmly submit to
the outrage.
The Supervisors are their servants. Di
rect them as to the course they must pur
sue.
That there Is no public sentiment In
favor of the racetrack or its partners in
the crime, the poolrooms— that there is no
crying demand from the better element
of the community for the reopening of
the3e places is evidenced from the tone of
the Interviews which follow.
Protest of the People.
S. W. Buckbee, Shainwald, Buckbee &
Co.— The mere suggestion that there is a
possibility of these places being reopened
and permitted to go on without restraint
injures the city. It has a bad effect on
the morals of the community. Such places
hold out the delusion to the young people
that they can make money without work
ing. They encourage idleness, which leads
to crime. The young people who are lured
into the poolrooms and tempted to bet on
horse races spend not only their own
money but frequently the money of their
employers whenever they, can get hold of
It. I cannot believe that the Supervisors
will fall into the snare that Is evidently
being set for them. If they should do so
they would forfeit their claim to the re
spect of the community.
"What will become of our poor soldier
boys If the poolrooms once again are al
lowed'to throw open their doors? Why,
they were comparatively safe in the Phil
ippines to what they would be here should
the city officials decide to retrograde and
let the evil again flourish." That was the
cry of Mrs. Willard B. Harrington when
she heard of the probability of the pool
rooms reopening. For the past two years
this noble woman has given her best and
all to the boys in blue, and naturally her
first thought was for their welfare and
safety.
Awful Consequences of Gambling.
Gambling Is not a mere word that
stands for an evil with Mrs. Harrington.
She knows all of its awful consequences.
In her charitable work she has knocked
against the terrible results of the vice too
often to speak of it superficially. She has
seen homes made desolate and lives
wrecked, and knows whereof she speaks
"Half the little ones in the Children's
Hospital are there because their home has
been gambled away by a reckless father
or a weak mother, Bhe said. "More than
half the people who apply to me for as
sistance are suffering because some man
closely connected with them has tasted of
the excitement of horse racing."
Mrs. Harrington Is sanguine, though
that the evil will never again be allowed
to flourish. "We have made one step in
the right direction." she said. "We must
keep on. It can't be possible that we are
retrograding."
I. J. Truman, ex-City and County Treas
urer—l am decidedly^ opposed to the open
ing of the poolrooms within the city and
hope for the sake of new San FranciEco
that no such infliction will be imposed
upon her people at this time. Pool-selling
in any form is only another name for
gambling. It educates the boys to seek
something for nothing without the trouble
of labor. It leads to thefts, lying and all
around dishonesty, and will if persisted in
destroy any community in which it is per
mitted to exist. I hope the Supervisors
will not entertain the idea of reopening
the poolrooms. They are closed, and for
God's sake let them remain closed for all
time to come.
Systematic Robbers.
C. A. Fisher, merchant and ex-Super
visor— l am not in favor of the reopening
of the poolrooms in this city, now or at
any other time, as I consider them a curse
and a trap by which the hard working
classes are systematically robbed. The
poolrooms lead boys to, gamble, and when
you educate boys to gamble you educate
them to be dishonest. We don't want our
future men and women to be a population
of gamblers and thieves, because one evil
follows the other. Show me a gambler,
and I will show you a dishonest man.
Ready to Fight for Decency.
Madam Louise Sorbier/ president of the
Women's Educational and Industrie
Union, an organization which represents
some 2000 earnest, noble women, stands
ready at the slightest move made in the
direction of the reopening • of the dooU
rooms to muster her forces and make the
fight for decency. I ¦ - -
Madam Sorbier, while she has not
THE citizens of San Francisco will
not tolerate the assaults being at
tempted by the manipulators of
Ingleside on the morals of the com
munity. The effort of the pool
rooms to operate once again without re
striction their crime-breeding game will
be strangled In Its incipiency. The press,
the pulpit and the people will not be eilent
•when their voices are needed as a barrier
against these evil things which thrive on
dishonesty and fatten on the proceeds of
crime.
It required but the hint that these in
cubators of vice were again showing their
ugly heads to prepare the people for
prompt action. Business men, bankers,
lawyers, ministers and prominent women
of the city are registering their protest.
Men in the commercial walks of life fear
the re-establishing of the poolrooms and
the reopening of Ingleside. for past ex
perience has taught them that the sacri
fice will be the downfall of some trusted
employe— the wrecking of some life that
might* otherwise have been filled with
brightness had not the tempter been per
mitted to stretch out its grasping claws
and claim its own. The women fear for
the safety of their sex If Ingleside and
the poolrooms are permitted to resume
their nefarious traffic. .
Ingleside Must Remain Closed.
There is but one sentiment expressed—
the gates of Ingleslde must remain closed
and locks and bolts must bar the way
to the poolrooms. That is San Francisco's
ultimatum to the gamblers and blacklegs
who have offered a price to the city for
the privilege of continuing in the business
of spreading vice and breeding crime.
The intimation tnat the Supervisors
Police Committee had decided not to rec
ommend the passape of the proposed anti
poolroom ordinance aroused the indigna
tion of the citizens. They saw in such ac
tion a wedKe by which the gamblers of
Tngleside might break their way through
the barriers of decency and morality
•which keep them beyond the limits of the
city. Indeed, the secretary of the organi
zation -which controls the place exposed
BALDWIN RESENTS
INSULT TO SISTER
Resigns From Burlingame Club Because
Members Object to Mrs* Deacon*
The up-to-date man has no time for
ancient history.
Reasonable, rapid and reliable. Mysell-Rol-
11ns, 22 Clay. Lithograph, print, bind anything.*
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One doie will itop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. •
represented by a petition, and Edward
Ewald. a big property-owner of : the'dis
trict. The residents wanted - the four
inch pipe water mains taken up and
eight-inch mains substituted for tha pro
tection of the district from fire. Mr.
Schussler explained tho difficulty en
countered by his company in "upplytaf
the residents of the district with water at
the outset, and explained that It would
incur a great expense to grant .them what
they asked. He said that If there was a
reasonable assurance that his company
would remain in the enjoyment of a fair
amount for running its works he thought
that the Improvements might be made.
Maguire Wanted a Meter.
The Mayor devoted the next half hour
to examining the water, company s en
gineer on the cost of pipe and the laying
of the same . and the board was enlight
ened by numerous figures and opinions.
When the Mayor tired of his task of sift
ing information on pipes and pipe lines.
Supervisor Brandenstein Jumped Into the
breech and more dry information was
elicited. £ .- ,
The matter of meters was then taken
up by the city's executive, who was de
sirous of helping Supervisor Magulre out
of a dilemma. Mr. Masruire lives In a
picturesque portion of the city called
"Visitacion Valley." There are twenty
families in the district whose water sup
ply is dependent on the winds that blow
over their section. If the wind blows
strong a windmill pumps enough water
to supply a regiment. but there
are times when a calm strikes the neigh
borhood, and then It is necessary to fall
back on the Spring Valley Water Com
pany. As Mr. Maguire and his neighbors
were not willing to pay too much for the
water delivered by the local corporation,
they were desirous of having a meter put
In so they could gauge the supply and pay
accordingly. Mr. Schussler was not aware
of this strategic move, and fearing that
his company might be called upon by
every consumer to supply meters to them,
he prepared himself with a logical and
statistical reply. He said:
"We have now connected with our
works 61,951 families, 13.312 places of busi
ness, 156 public places, making a total of
81,419 places, of which 5828 are regular
meters, leaving 75,591 places of which
about one-twelfth have trial meters on.
It would require fully 70,000 additional
meters, or about twelve times the num
ber of present regular meters. Our annual
meter expense will consequently be fully
tenfold and run from about $23,000 per
annum to about J230.000 per annum.
'The average cost of the above meters,
without taps, covers, cutting and repair
of sidewalk and labor, etc.. will be fully
$15 a piece and very likely very much
more, making the cash outlay for meter
ing the entire town upward of one million
dollars. It would take -from four to five
years to meter the entire town with ex
perienced men. to say nothing of the large
outlay that houseowners would be put to
in making changes in their house-pipe
systems. The life of a meter is ten years;
10 per cent should be retained annually
for wear and tear, which Is $100,000 a year;
adding to this the additional running ex
pense of $230,000 a year and 4 per cent in
terest on the cost. $40,000 a year, wehave
an additional annual expense of $370,000 per
annum, or fully $1000 a day. This does not
include probable additional taxes on ac
count of such Increased system. As by
metering the entire town, the consump
tion of water will be decreased, water
rates will have to be correspondingly In
creased to meet the above additional out-
a The foregoing was such a complete an
swer'to the question that no further In
quiry was needed.
Supervisors to Visit Works.
Supervisor Reed arose and said that al
though Mr. Brandensteln had stated that
a visit to the water works would not en
lighten him, he was desirous of visiting
the works and thought that a number of
other members of the board would like
wise like to visit the place. Mr. Schus
sler informed him that any day ¦ fixed
would be suitable to his company, as It
-was more than willing that the board go
there and see for themselves what ex
pense the company was put to to run its
business.
Supervisor Brandenstein at this Junc
ture called for the advertising account
which he asked for at the last meeting.
He addressed his request to Mr. Ames,
but before the "latter could answer At
torney Kellogg stepped forward and
started to explain the matter. Mr. Bran
densteln seemed adverse to listening to
the counsel, although later he expressed
himself that he was always willing to
hear him speak. The Supervisor wanted
to know if Mr. Kellogg had been sworn,
and the attorney replied that he had no
ambition to be or to give testimony. AH
he desired was to make a short expla
nation in regard to the advertising ac«.
count. He said: . •
"The advertising account in brief Is a
perfectly legitimate one. It consists of
publication of historical advertising re
garding the works, for the information
of the stockholders and general public;
and of works that are contemplated,
works that are in progress, so as to keep
the public and the investors informed as
to the efforts of the company to .meet
the demands of the populace for water.
When we saw that it was not a proper
charge against the. consumer, but was
against the stockholders, It was with
drawn." . . ;
Kellogg Replies to Phelan.
The Mayor asked where the publications
had appeared, and he was informed "in
the' newspapers from time to time.'* The
Mayor pointedly asked whether the money
had been paid to The Call, Chronicle or
the Wasp, and Mr. Kellogg replied that
he could not enlighten him. The Mayer
could not allow the opportunity to rasa
without Insinuating ; that the money had
been used to subsidize the papers named,
and Mr. Kellogg's reply was as stinging
as It was clever. ' Ho said: "We do ' not
Hales.
*— jHE investigation of the affairs of
Spring Valley Water Company
by the Board of Supervisors last
II night took a turn of startling in
** terest. For the first time since
the revelation, of Mayor Phelan's \ dis
honesty and trickery as the chief
executive of this city, his Honor was com
pelled to endure the sneering contempt of
men whom he dared to question on a mat
ter involving their honesty. He was made
to feel the sting of a public humiliation
by being told that men of honor resent
the arrogance of one who seeks with shat
tered reputation to interrogate them in a
matter. ln which their personal honor is
Involved. He was told as plainly aa words
can convey a meaning that a politician
•and a subsidizer of unclean agencies has
no right to become a cross-examiner of
any man who values his name.
This is the first harvest of the. seed
of, which Mayor Phelan sowed In his
criminal bargain with the yellow' sheet It
is tha first proof that his influence has
been destroyed; that men will not tolerate
that insolence which .Is displayed In an
assumption of mentorship by one who has
trailed his garments in the mire of disrep
utable associations. It is an evidence that
Mayor Phelan has lost the right to sub
serve any decent interest in this city, for
men. will ask him, as they asked him last
night, by what authority he demands the
right to question anybody until he re
moves the spots and stains with which his
own reputation has been besmeared.
His Honor is, by analogy, in the posi
tion of a' convict whose unsupported tes
timony is worthless;, whose rebuke Is im
pudence , and whose criticism is offense*
The Mayor was told last night, by indi
rection, to look to his own skirts before
he pointed to others, and to cast no reflec
tion of improper motive until his own
had been cleansed in a stronger flre than
silence. • The situation is a serious one,
where evil is to be removed and dishon
esty to be checked, and the Mayor of San
Francisco, is the butt for those who care
not to answer his questions or heed his
suggestions."
They - Cry for More "Water.
: The session opened with a general and
rambling discussion provoked by two
petitions, one from residents of Cortland
avenue and contiguous streets asking for
water facilites . and the other from Sun
set. Heights property owners demanding
fire protection. Hermann Schussler. who
was on the witness stand, declared In an
swer to the petitioners that the Spring
Valley Water Company is naturally eager
to extend its system, as extension means
Hole's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1900.
PHELAN IS HUMILIATED
AT THE WATER INQUIRY
Spring VaHey Sneers at the. Insolence of
Subsidizing Politicians.
Investigation Assumes Grave Interest and the
> Mayor Pays the First Penalty for His
i we have purchased the entire stock of |
I watch daily /)/ )/^. v^ papers for an- I
I nouncement fl&* u^ of sale. j
I Turkish I
9 tU.Wvloj %
1 12 >c.
I 50 dozen Turkish towels, unbleached, 20x42 Inches, extra heavy quality.
150 dozen damask napkins, size —x— Inches, all linen, <£ w __
¦ woven selvage, these would be cheap at $1.50, but 2h I - "^ CT
§£ are marked, per dozen, 0n1y.. ......... ........................ %JiJ
J news of
I toilet
I goods.
H good news, too, of everyday must-haves at less than every-day
I prices. . 1
9 crown perfumery soap, regular 25c menthol inhalers, on !>-...»....... 15c a
w cake, but 0n1y... ..15c Hudnut's almond meal. 25c 1
m satinette face powder, only. — lOc Hudnut's cuticle add, for renew I
H the best eyebrow pencils, oniy.lOc Ing cuticle «. 50c JQ
If , three cakes of good soap in a box, Hudnut's perfumery, all odors, per m
H only ......^..... ........ lOc ounce, only .sOc ¦ M
I more |l
I belts. If
I another lot just In by express— the first went In a £ !I]
3 few days — this second shipment contains all siz;s In J^ I » C H
I black— each, only.. *t"*»-**^ |j
¦ > new spangled nettings, 27 Inches wide, new <Je- fl
H signs that have just come In by express, the prices jL % ¦% O v
a run up to $5 a yard, but we have them as low as.— t/ ¦ n
flj affidavit linen collars — each, linen cuffs — per pair, collars and B
gj brand. only lOc only 163 - caffs. . I
§ write for our new spring catalogue, now being published, |
j| 935, 937, 939. 941, 943, 945, 047 Market Street. M
|§|^%^: Headache*
Brown's BrorchialTboches
¦ give most salutary relief (a
Bronchitis.
The Cknniaa has Xta
rm&fltmCa IAS/sT '/mf Oa erery
SPECIAL BARGAINS
Saturday and Monday
BEST rsST EGGS, doz 15c
Finest Creamery Butter," •}£:*• 40c
Tak» advantage. Regular EOo.
GROSSE &BLACKWEITS JAMS 15c
Imported from England. Regular 25c.
MACKERELS, Soused, can.-. 12k
In Tomato and Mustard Saooa. Racular 30a.
NEW CAL. MILD CHEESE. ... I 2&
IMPORTED SARDINES, 3 cans 25c
Unusual Bargain. Regular UHo can.
SWEET SUGAR CORN, 3 cans. -25c
Regular 13Ho can.
H. 0, PANCAKE FLOUR, 2 pkgs 15c
Rye and Bourbon Whiskey, gal $2.50
Puns and Good; 5-year-old. Regular $3 ».
ZINFANOEL Vintage 1893, gal 40c
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. Phone S. 293. No Branch Store*.
12