"It is understood that the Union Steam
ship Company, besides ceasing to serve
Herr Pott, the Transvaal Consul General
at Lourenzo Marquez, as his agent
has withdrawn its steamers from the
Delagoa Bay route. The Castle Company
has done the same, and made arrange
ments that will prevent any use at Dela
goa Bay of their, vessels for anti-British
purposes. Measures in the same direction
have been taken with regard to the Em
pressa Landing Company. Withdrawal of
the steamers of two British mail com
panies may. however, increase Great Brit
ain's difficulties by throwing the carry
ing trade' still more into the hands of
continental shippers and diverting busi
ness to America for handling by foreign
steamers from American ports."
The article concludes by again urginsr
the Government to endeavor to secure a
more strict examination.
BOLD PLAN TO PREY
UPON BRITISH SHIPS
SAVANNAH. Ga., Jan. 10.— A special to
the Morning News . from Atlanta states
that Captain Charles N. Hill, a resident
of. that city, who was an officer on the
Brazilian revolutionary ! cruiser Nlcthe
roy, has received ' a letter from ZJeuten-
v ISSATISFIED with an offer of a
quarter of a million dollars as the
terms of compromise, Mrs. Clara
I Kluge-Sutro will early next week
file suit in the Superior Court to
break the wljl of the late Adolph Sutro.
whom she claims as her husband and the
father of her two children. In addition to
the widow's dower — one-third of the es
tate, which .is valued at $3,ooo.ooo— Mrs.
Kluge-Sutro seeks to establish her claim
that her children— Adolph Newton Sutro,
It /Vlleges That trje Boer Loss at Ladysmith
Was Heavy, but Is Probably Intended
to Prepare the British Public for
a Terrible Casualty List.
LONDON. Jan. IL— The War Office announces that the list of British cas
ualties at Ladyemith last Saturday has not yet been received.
The following dls-patch. dated at Frere Camp, January 10. noon, has been
received from General Buller:
"A Transvaal telegram gives the enemy's loss at Ladysmith on Saturday
as four killed and fifteen wounded and this after, as is admitted, they had en
dured a withering flre from six masked batteries and had been defeated' at
all points. Natives here assert that the Boer loss in One commando
alone was IK) killed and wagon loads of wounded. The heaviest loss is said to
be among the Fre« Staters, who were forced by the Transvaalers Into the
most dangerous places."
This curious dispatch is all the War Office has Issued to-night. It "makes
not the slightest mention of the position or the doings of the British forces.
It may be interpreted to mean that Ladysmith is 6afe, but it is more likely
Intended to prepare the British public for a terrible list of casualties. . . . .
ant McDonald Craven, who was on tha
Nlctheroy with him. offering him com
mand of a converted yacht armed with
two 4.5-Inch guns, which had been
equipped by the Boer Government to prey
upon British commerce on the Atlantic
coast. E. A. Steyn was named as tha
Transvaal agent, with headquarters in
Savannah, who had arranged for the ex
pedition, which was to start from tha
Bahamas. Steyn went to Atlanta. It is
said, to induce Hill to join the expedition,
but Hill refused. Investigation In Savan
nah falls to disclose any clew as to Steya
or any one answering his description.
STEAMER HERZOG
HAS BEEN RELEASED
DURBAN, Jan. 10.— The British author
ities have released the German steamer
Herzog. which was seized January 6
while on her way to Lourenzo Marquez.
THE HAGUE. Jan. 10.— The Minister of
Marine. J. C. Jansen. instructed the com
mander of the Dutch cruiser Friesland.
now at Lourenzo Marquez. to proceed to
Durban and take on board the Dutch am
bulance Intended for the Transvaal and
the stores sent out for the Friesland her
•elf. which form part of the cargo of tha
Herxog.
BERLIN, Jan. 10.— Several Foreljn Qfr.
managed, to seize a hill. Later In the day
the Transvaalers . retired before General
White's counter-attack amid the jeers of
the Free Staters, who actually stuck to
their position until they were bayoneted
In the ditch. After this affair it is almost
certain that • the allies will quarrel. A"
heavy gun .mounted on ' 'Umbulwan Hill
ha 3 been firing since daybreak. Evidently
the siege of Ladysmith ' is still main
tained." - - -:....¦
Tho Dally Mall has the following dis
patch, dated January." 8, from Frere
Camp:
"With the exception of the usual shell
ing of the Boer position by the naval
guns the British force was inactive.
Eight Boer camps were seen to-day by a
patrol along the Tugela in a westerly
direction. All were quiet. Natives say
that when the British reconnoitered near
Colenso on Saturday the Boers hurried
from Springfield. This supports the be
lief, that Colenso was weakened to attack
Ladysmith."
, ?
TERRIBLE SLAUGHTER
AMONG THE SUFFOLKS
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right, 1900. by James Gordon Bennett. Ra
publlcation of this dispatch is prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United States and
Great Britain.l
LONDON, Jan. 11.— The special corre
spondents of the Daily Mall sends this
dispatch:
RENS.BURG, Tuesday, Jan. 9.— On Sun
day a squadron of the composite House
hold Cavalry reconnoitered the enemy's
extreme left flank and unmasked two
guns, disclosing an entirely new position.
There were no . casualties. To-day the
camp is quiet and the men are resting. .
More complete details of the disaster to
the Suffolks on Saturday show that when
two of his companies reached the summit
of the 'hill where the Boers lay. Colonel
Watson addressed the men and officers
and an advance was made with fixed
bayonets. The Boers, who were hidden
in entrenchments, reserved their fire ' till
our men were within twenty yards, and
meanwhile crept round our force.
On Colonel Watson giving the order to
charge, he was immediately shot through
the head and the men were mown down
by a storm of bullets. Eventually they
were stopped by the stone breastworks of
the enemy, and here were surrounded and
compelled to surrender.
The other two companies retired without
casualties. The Boers behaved well. They
laid slain officers and men in separate
places, covering their faces with their
helmets and afterward . assisted in bury
ing them singing a psalm over their
graves. *
BOERS MAY SEIZE
DURBAN AS A PORT
LONDON, Jan. 11.— The Times, In a spe
cial article dealing with the Delagoa liny
question/ expresses the opinion that the
endeavor of the Boers to overrun Natal
lends confirmation to assertions made be
fore the war by prominent Boers that
they would. seize Durban as a port. The
article proceeds to point out that by the
through rate system, especially favorable
to Transvaal shipments over the Delagoa-
Transvaal Railway, German ship-owners
have been abla to secure traffic with lit
tle risk •of examination at continental
ports or at Delagoa Bay. \ The writer goes
on to" say: /' /S ••-
"It Is known that, in anticipation of fu
ture.military developments in the Trans
vnal toward the Seoutpansberg district, a
considerable amount" of stores and muni
tions of war have been forwarded for
some time past,*- chiefly . from the ! conti
nent.
a bright .youngster" of 8 yeara.'and . Adol
phiiie Charlotte Sutro,' a lisping • miss -two
years 'her* brother's Junior— are the chil
dren of the dead capitalist, that they are
entitled to , one-Quarter of his estate, and
that no stain rests on their baby heads, as
they were conceived and born in wedlock
sanctioned by the lawa of the common
wealth. •
Mrs. Kluge-Sutro's new battle line, it is
claimed, is backed by proofs of a missing
will. She says her attorneys will prove
that • the deceased capitalist had named
Judge Wallace and I. W. Hellman execu.
tors of the Instrument: also that therein
Adolph Sutro made good his promise to
the city and gave to the municipality the
Cliff House, i the Sutro Heights and his
library.
Adolph Sutro's will offered for probate
has practically failed of its purpose
through the establishment therein of a
trust to convey beyond lives in being and,
in addition, it contains ambiguities in
divers provisions, which attempt to es
tablish- perpetuities for other than chari
table uses. Fearful, however, that the
Supreme Court will set aside the judg
ment of the lower court, sustain the will
and deprive her of the right to establish
heirahlp for herself and children under
the various provisions of the Code of
Civil Procedure. Mrs. Kluge-Sutro has de
cided to contest the document. Her long
association with the deceased resulted in
her thorough ¦ acquaintanceship with his
acknowledged children and sisters, their
habits and family secrets.
Long ago, -Mrs. Kluge-Sutro will main
tain, they Joined their forces to contest
her claim for a division of the millions
their father left behind and she points to
this fact as evidence in support of her
allegation that undue influence was ex
ercised by them over the old man during
the last years of his life In the successful
effort to compel him to forget her, whose
children, she says, are his. and to neglect
them all In his last will and testament.
Mrs. Kluge-Sutro will be represented In
court by the firm of Rodgers, Paterson &
Slack. It Is a long list that Mrs. Kluge-
SutTO- must combat in the final battle be
fore the Probate Court. Dr. Emma Mer
ritt, Mrs. Rosa Morbeo. Miss Clara Sutro
that was. now Mrs. English of Chicago,
Charles W. Sutro and Edgar E. Sutro.
children, and Mrs. Emma Wlnterberg and
Mrs. Eliza Shucking, sisters, all heirs at
law of the deceased, stand ready to con
tribute to the defense of the estate and
to oppose her demands.
Mrs. Kluge-Sutro's first step toward the
acquirement of the share she believes to
be lawfully due her was taken In the Su
perior Court Octqber 25, 1898. On that date
she filed an application for letters of
guardianship over the persons and estates
of her children. In her petition she al
leged that hef children were those of the
late Adolph Sutro and that each was the
owner of an undivided. half of block 219.
Outside Lands, located In the heart of tha
Sutro tract. This land, Mrs. Kluge-Sutro
claimed, was conveyed to her children by
Mr. Sutro when with her they were liv
ing In a homo he had built for them at
Clay and Stelner streets. Circumstances
finally forced them to leave this home,
but all of the pretty furnishings were
moved before It was abandoned to 1319
Vallejo street, and there the little family
remained until recently, when it removed
to 2415 Buchanan street.
Mrs. Kluge-Sutro says that tha con
veyance of this land to her children,
backed by the many letters she received
from Sutro when she was abroad at hia
Instance, establishes her claims In toto,
and. even though the heirs of hla estate
n>ay fight her to the end on the matter
of the contract marriage, which she ay
leges was entered Into tn 1533, as aoon
as the death of Mr. Sutro's first wlfa
would permit, they cannot litigate lon*
In the face of the proofs she has In her
possession that her children are his, and
that he acknowledged them as such from
their infancy to the time of his death.
Mrs. Kluge-Sutro Is daily marshaling
witnesses and evidence, which she will
carry Into court to substantiate her claim.
For some months past negotiations -have
been pending between her. she says, and
Attorney McKlnstry. who represents the
heirs, looking toward a compromise. Tha
sum offered her, however, was Insuffi
cient, and the contest will be filed. Her
story of the relationship between herself
and Adolph Sutro will begin at their
meeting In his home at the Heights four
teen years aero, when as a girl, seeking
means of livelihood, she entered his homd
as a seamstress.
Mr. Sutro quarreled with his wife, but
the claimant remained there and ever aft
erward, until his death, she was hla com
oanion. Their life in a cottage at Paratso
Springs In the summer of I*9o will be fully
exploited, as will the fact that In due tlma
after returning to the city her first eb,ild.
Adolph Newton, was born. He was yet
a baby when the second child was born,
and there was a happy family In tha
pretty home the then aping man built
for it.
Since the death of Adolph Butrr>. how
ever, little content has been known by
Mrs. Kluge-Sutro. but she hopes that the
time Is not far distant when all will be
well. She has yet until the 20th of tha
month 4o file her contest before the stat
ute of limitations bars her. but in order
to be well in time she has Instructed her
attorneys to wait not later than Friday
before firing the second shot in her bat
tle for her honor, a fortune and tha good
name of her children.
The specific allegation will be made chat
the millionaire of the Heights and tha
then Miss Kluge were united In marriage>
by contract In December. 1593. and
the contract was duly witnessed. Wit
nesses. It Is stated, are at hand to testify
how Sutro told of this contract marriage
and pronounced It a record of the noblest
deed of his life.
While Mrs. Sutro's attorneys are getting
ready to do battle for her. and the claim
Is made that she refused a fortune In
compromise of her claim, the little woman
Is fighting bitterly to provide for
herself and children. Piece after piece of
property has been mort raped and passed
out of her keeping. The elegant homo
the deceased capitalist fitted up for her
Is sold, and even the furnishing has been
disposed of piece by piece.
MOTHER AND CHILDREN WHO
WILL BATTLE FOR THE SUTRO
MILLIONS.
ROBERTS AND
KITCHENER IN
SOUTH AFRICA
How There Is a Promise of a
Lively Shake-Up Among
the Many British Gen
erals, Methuen Being One
of the First to Be. Re
lieved.
LONDON, Jan. 11.— The
chief item of news this
morning is that Generals
Roberts and Kitchener have,
reached Cape Town. Until the
Hew comander-in-chief has for
mulated a new plan of campaign
and a new system of tactics, and
until substantial reinforcements
arrive, news is likely to' be con
spicuous by its absence, as it is
not expected that any great
progress will be made.
British generals are at a stand
still because of faulty strategy
and because the forces on the
spot are inadequate, and neither
defect can be remedied at once.
Fuller details of the disaster to
the Suffolk regiment do not im
prove the original story. We
now hear nothing of the enemy
giving the order to retire. The
men seem to have been led up
against a strong Boer position
and to have been unable to
effect anything in the face of a
heavy fire, whereupon two com
panies retreated and a third was
captured. Again it is the same
story as Stonr.berg and Magers
fontein.
It is not likely that any great
move will be made on the British
fide until Lord Roberts has ccn
sidered the whole position and
given the generals under him in
structions.
General Buller might, if his
preparations had been complete,
have attacked on Saturday,
when Ladysmith was assailed, or
on the following Sunday, with
out giving any ground for the
suggestion that he wished to
bring off a coup before the ar-
CURIOUS DISPATCH
COMES FROM BULLER
from Us special correspondent at Frere
Camp:
"I hear on good authority that Presi
dent Kruger sent word to the Boer head
quarters asking why badysmlth had not
been attacked and that the reply was 'we
should lose too many men.' His answer
to this excuse was the suggestion that
the Free Staters might be put In the fore
front. This hint was taken and the at
tack made. President Kruger's ad
vice was so far good that the Free
Staters behaved better than the Trans
vaalers have done. At all events they
LONDON, Jan. ll.—The Calcutta correspondent of the Daily Mail says: "While the official statement
that no alarm is felt concerning Afghanistan is quite true I have good reason to believe the Indian Government
has received disquieting information regarding Russian movements in the direction of Persia. Russia is taking
advantage of the Transvaal trouble to strengthen her armaments and push forward her outposts along the Per
sian frontier with a view to ultimate annexation, a design in which Germany would probably acquiesce in con
sideration of receiving railway concessions. "
Claims She Can Prove That the Former Mayor
Left Another Will Providing for
Herself and Babies.
Taking Advantage of the War in South Africa to
Strengthen Armaments and Push Forward on the
Frontier With a View of Ultimate Annexation.
GERMANY, OF COURSE, ACQUIESCES IN THE SCHEME
RUSSIA'S MOVEMENTS IN
THE DIRECTION OF PERSIA
MRS. KLUGE WILL
BATTLE FOR THE
SUTRO MILLIONS
She Demands a Third and a
Fourth of the Dead Capi
talist's Estate.
VOLUME LXXXVn— NO. 42.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAIST FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
THRILLING COUNTERCHARGE.
The Gordon Highlanders Repelling the Boer Assault on Wagon Hill,
Ladysmith, January 8. 1
rival of the new commander-in
chief, but. he could not have
fought yesterday or Monday
without leaving himself open to
that imputation.
A report was current in the
city yesterday that General Hec
tor Macdonald, when he arrives,
will take over the command of
the Modder River column, re
lieving General Methuen, who,
it is said, has had serious disa-
and it is said. that the colonel of
one of the battalions was sent
back to Cape Town because he
and General Methuen disagreed
as to the advisability of a certain
strategic move.
Lord Roberts finds 120,000
men on the defensive or watch
ing for an opening. There is
certainly plenty of rank in evi
dence in South Africa. In addi
tion to the field marshal there
are two full generals, four
lieutenant generals and* twelve or
fourteen major generals. There
is an uneasy suspicion that when
the Ladysmith casualties are an
nounced they will be dishearten
ing and will partly destroy the
patriotic glow produced by Gen
eral White's "victory."
The list of victims of disease
issued by the War Office gives
twenty-two deaths from en
teric fever and dysentery in
Ladysmith in four days, reveal
ing the fact that the besieged
are existing among bad sanitary
conditions. . ¦
The Standard summarizes the
general situation thus:
"Well, "the campaign has last
ed three months. JYe have some-
work. which Ministers believed
could be effectually performed
with 25,000 men has not been
done- — has not even been be
gun — by four or five times that
number. Can any one fail to ad
mit that this is^ evidence of a
grave miscalculation of forces
and facts?"
The Times in an editorial criti
cizing at great length the Gov
ernment's conduct of the war,
alludes to the "stupid and per
verse mistakes*' that have beer
made and demands that the
"practice of the non-revelation
of facts" be abandoned. It in
sists , strongly upon knowing
"the truth' and • the whole truth
about the situation,' and finds
fault with Mr. Balfour's defense
FREE STATERS PUT
IN THE FRONT RANK
*V ' V fc ff -\ "" "' '
LONDON, Jan. 11.— The Standard has
received the following, dated I January. 9
greements with the officers un
der him.
It is known that General Wau
chope protested against the fatal
night march, but without avail,
thing like 12p,000 troops in
South Africa. With this huge
army distributed over the coun
try we are still powerless to re
lieve three garrisons from invest
ment. We have still to see
large portions of both colonies in
the hands of the enemy. We
have driven the invaders back at
no single point. We are actually
further from the hostile frontiers
than we were on the day that the
ultimatum was delivered. The"DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT." ;
WORTH ITB WMBHT I A . - "ME BACZ CTOEDi 1
in gold. . ./CNiyv(Vy/./ vVy ' ' July 18 w*-' I ' :^"'
•I- $-£££. ,^^^^^^ af W^ '¦ I
writing you. a letter to Maßb&Bp!r<777\\ >?V\>^?T^'X»)i TY-T WOTF a h q- '
inform you that I an. tlr;\\ / ArK' l \ 7 Vryi -tandlnir I r^t the ' '
one of the lucky num- KVjSLV \\v' /• \ ' 3<<%si belf ehfht vefr, «IV, t
MAN OF ME. I // J i i r^jfV*~"_ // \ Yours v»rr *mW - > ¦
had general nervous ' J — *1 \*T * * ckht at« ?<ix» It*a < ,
trouble that had bothered me for 1J -»*f \^^: c^^T^H^
yeare TOUR BELT IS WORTH ITS t t^*k^t^ r - Opnlr. Cal. ,
WMGHT IN GOLD. Respectfully. Jrf\^* tyThousands of cur*» Ilka th* "
KD. T. NOEX ¦'# I' foregoing have. been made by Dr.
Rio Vista, Cat •_¦- . . Pierces world-renowned Electric <>
<¦ ¦¦¦ :•¦:.-.. ui". Belt. It Is warranted to b« th» • •
moot scle'ntlflb and durable body battery ever patented or sold In America. Prices much < ?
lower than others of far inferior auallty are sold at. If you want tho BEST, you must
have "DR. PIERCETS." o
For full particulars send a. to stamp for •'BOOKLET NO. V or call at th» of flea.
Address ....¦ ¦ • - a
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., ;;
No. ISO Market Bt. (opposite Palace Hotel) Baa Francisco. Eastern Office: Now B , ,
Tribune Bulldlmr, New York. ' - . -
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the tat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
AH «©rts of «ores sell k, especially druggists; .
ii< torts of people use it .
HISS THE NAME
OF OOM PAUL
New York Aristocrats
Cheer England.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— The annual re
union of the Albany Society of New York
was held to-night at Delmonico's. One
hundred and fifty persons were present.
Justice Woodward of the Supreme Court,
a particular friend of Governor Roose
velt; was down, to respond to the toast
"The Dutch in Albany and in South Af
rica." He devoted- the first part of his
address to the Dutch In Albany and then
turned to the Dutch in South Africa. As
he continued the guests began to cough
and laugh and in other ways annoy the
speaker. When he praised the Boers there
was an open outbreak of hostilities. Jus
, tice Woodward was unable to proceed.
One of the guests, who called himself.
i "Yours truly, John Smith," jumped on his
chair and shouted for order.
"The action of some of the members of
this society and their treatment of. Jus
¦ tice Woodward is utterly contemptible,"
he exclaimed. "Justice Woodward is here
to speak at the invitation of the society
and his subject was agreed upon. If you
are gentlemen you will act as such; if
not, then you ought to be ashamed of
¦yourselves."
He sat down, his face flushed with
anger, while a minority cheered and the
others hissed.
Justice .Woodward made an ineffectual
effort to - proceed with his paper, but
skipped whole pages. Ho finally said:
"I want to apologize ioyou for accept
ing your invitation to speak here to
night. It was understood that I was to
be your guest and to speak on the sub
ject-I have talked on and to read my ad
dress. 1 seem to have given you offense,
and I sincerely apologize to you,"
Then drawing himself to his full height
he thundered:
"In closing I want to propose a toast to
that grand old statesman, the •Wiliam
the. Silent, of South Africa, one of the
most Impressive personalities alive, old
Oom.Paul Kruger."
There were a few cheers, but Kruger's
name was drowned in an avalanche of
hisses. •
v Somebody stole up to the orchestra loft
and whispered Instructions to the leader,
and as Justice Woodward took his seat
the orchestra broke out with ''Tommy
Atkins." This made the sympathizers of
the British cheer wildly, while the pro-
Boer element in turn did some hissing.
ATTEMPT TO KILL
SIX JAPANESE
White Men Object to
Their Employment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 10.— A special
from L*avenworth, Okanogan County,
says that at about 11 o'clock Monday
night a dastardly attempt wa« made to
murder six Japanese recently sent there
to work for the Great Northern Railroad.
People residing near the. coal chutes In
the western part of town have- been ex
nectlnK trouble, as threats were made
that "ne Japanese would be fixed before
th^ week was over. At the hour men
tioned a terrific explosion was , heard.
People were awakened by the noise o( the
explosion, which was heard a mile away.
Tho "c in the neighborhood rushed to the
scene, expecting to nnd the mangled and
'Tho^Japlnfse^ui.i-e^a building 30x20
teet near the coal chute. An examination
thowed that the front of the I structure
Sad been blown away and the sides near
the center and rear were bulged out to
such In extent that the building will have
to be torn down. The rear part was used
a, a sleeping apartment, there being two
beds In the room. The front part was
Sstd as a kitchen. Dynamite was the
explosive employed, a large h ° le ' n
crcund giving evidence of the fact. The
Japanese lost all their furniture cons st
ing of a cook stove, chairs and tables,
lifree of the men were asleep at the time
and were thrown out of bed by the force
of the. cxploeipn. All three were badly
Injured by the shock and flying^ glass.
The other three Japanese were. at work:
at the time and these escaped.
It is believed the outrage was commit
ted by railroad men, who are strenuously
opposed to the action of both the Great
Northern and the Northern Pacific roads
in employing a large number of Japanese
as section men and coal shovelers. i^ast
year when white labor was scarce hun
dreds of Asiatics were employed by all
the northwestern railroads and distrib
uted along I ' the lines in this State. Idaho
and Montana. There have been loud mut
terings on the part of the white men,
particularly as each steamer arriving
from Japan unloads from fifty to two
hundred more Japanese laborers at Puget
Sound and British Columbia ports, whence
they soon find railroad employment. There
has been a demand for all the white
workmen • available, however. and.unUl
Monday night no violence was attempted.
Monument to the Navy's Dead.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— By the terms
of a Joint resolution introduced In the
Senate to-day . by Turner of Washington,
the Secretary o* the Navy Is authorized
to erect at the Naval Academy at Annap
olis a marble monument to tho memory
of Lieutenant Philip V. Lansdale. Ensign
John R. Monaghan and the men who lost
their lives in battle with the Samoana In
April, 1899. The resolution appropriates
$5000 for the monument and provides that
It shall be suitably inscribed.
SECRETARY GAGE
GIVES HIS REPLY
Congress Gets Desired
Information.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— Secretary
Gage to-day sent to Congress his reply
to resolutions recently introduced In the
Senate by Allen, and in the- House, by
Sulzer of New York. The text of hi.s
reply, which is an exhaustive exposition
of the management of that branch of the
treasury finances under his adminstra
tion relating to national bank deposito
ries, contains about 9000 words, whiclr is
supplemented by special reports from de
partment oftkials relative to special' In
quiries in the resolution, including .copies
of over 1000 letters on the subject under
consideration. In summing up nis re
ply to the inquiries the Secretary, says.
Flrst-The reason tor utilizing national banks
as depositories for public moneys, as autnor
ized by law when the- receipts of the treasury
were exceeding its expenditures, h* 3 .? 6 !; 11 . Jr.
avoid the disturbance to business whlcn me
withdrawal of large sums of money from aetrve
circulation to the treasury vaults must inev
itably cause. Tha policy thus pursued by me
has been the established policy of the Govern
ment for many years, and a departure from it
under similar conditions would ceftainly cause
disastrous results.
Second— The reason for directing the internal
revenue receipts into depository banks at this
time is that the revenues are now largely.ex
ceeding the disbursements from month to month
and seem likely to do so for an Indefinite time.
This condition would be a menace to the busi
ness world, if assurance were not civen that
this surplus would he diverted from the treas
ury vaults to public depositories, where, while
secure to the Government. It would remain
available to the business world.
Third— The reason for directing all the Inter
nal revenue receipts to one depository tvas that
It was more convenient to collect the receipts
of one office In one place and to make the de
sired distribution from it than to give Instruc
tions dally to 113 collectors. The most conve
nient agency to effect such distribution Is a
bank which is a member of the New York
Clf arlns-house. . . . --
Fourth— The reason for selecting the National
City liank as such distributing agent was that
at the time the order was Issued it -was one
of the two banks which had offered bonds suf
ficient to cover the amount of the daily deposit.
Its bond deposit was $4,('<W.PC'O. and that of the
Hanover National Bank 11. 955,000. The National
City Bank was, therefore, jne one most natur
ally chosen. Of the sixty-eight banks applying
for a share of the deposits the National City
Bank, the Hanover National Bar.k and three
others, applicants for over JSOO.OOO each, are the
only ones out of the sixty-eight constituting
group one which have not been supplied the
full amount for which they had offered secur
ity.
Fifth— The Custom House property wai sold
to the National City Bank as to the highest
bidder on July 3, 1899. Under the terms of the
sale It hal the option of paying in cash all
of the purchase money at any time, or any
part it might elect above JTSO.POO, which sum
it was absolutely obliged to pay. It exercised
this option by choosing to pay J3.215.fXi0, leav
ing JOO.ono yet due. No deed will be executed
until full payment has been made.
The rayment received was turned Into the
treasury by deposit in the National City Bank,
it having been the established custom of treas
ury officials, under the counsel of their legal
advisers, supported by decisions of the Supreme
Court, to consider moneys on deposit to the
credit of the treasurer of the United States
In dfsisnated depositories as moneys in the
treasury. This deposit was made In a de
pository bank for the same reason that other
deposits have been made In them, viz. : be
cause to ¦withdraw the currency Into the vaults
of the treasury, where* it was not needed and
could not be utilized, would have required a
withdrawal of credit that was being expended
In commercial circles, and to that end a dis
turbance to the natural order of bug;ness would
have followed. To have required its payment
by the National City Bank to another desig
nated depository would have been an ungra
cious discrimination without substantially
changing the fact.
Finally, under my administration of the
Treasury department, no discrimination In
favor of one bank against another has been
niade. Generally speaking, when an Increase
In depository hanks warn desired all have been
Invited to qualify themselves for receiving
such money, and have be^n equally and equit
ably considered in their respective relations
to the treasury.
Really Enjoy Your Heals.
Drink a bottle of Evans'. A*« °f Stout. •
AGREEMENT NOT REACHED.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— The- Roberts
Investigating Committee met In executive
session to-day to determine or» the general
features of the report, and if possible
reach a final .agreement. -The facts which
had been developed by the testimony were
cone over. The committee was in execu
tive session till 6 p. m.. but failed to reach
a final conclusion, and adjourned until 3
p. ra. to-morrow, when it will take a vote.
CHANDLER RECEIVER
FOR COOS BAY ROAD
Statement ..Erroneously Made That
J. B. Hassett .^aa Given the,
' Appointment. ' ' •' ;
PORTLAND, Jan. 10.— W. S. Chandler
was appointed receiver of the Coos Bay
and Eastern Railroad and the. Beaver Hill
Coal Company in) the United States Dis
trict Court; Instead of J. B. Hassett, who
was mentioned in last night's dispatches
as having been appointed. Hassett was
connected with a former management of
the Beaver. Hill Coal Company.
FRANK CADWALLADER DEAD.
Son of the General a Victim of Heart
Disease.
RED BLUFF, Jan. 10.— C. Frank Cad
wallader, son of General Charles Cadwal
lader, and one of the prominent young
business men of this city, was found dead
in his room at the Trembnt Hotel about
4 o'clock this afternoon! .His death is
presumed to bo due to. heart. failure. He
was discovered by one of. the chamber
maids in the hotel: He was last seen at
about 7 o'clock this mcrnlng in Wootens,
and, went to his room and probably, died
almost immediately -after.'. An inquest
will be hold to-morrow. 4 .• -; / ¦. >
Victory for Shippers.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— It Is said to-*
day that the ¦ railroads have ¦ Conceded
most of the essential points asked for by
the shippers in the- controversy over the
routing of cars of oranges from Southern
California to Eastern points. About
thirty carloads of oranges are going out
each day. - *.•¦-¦ -'¦'¦'¦:.
» ¦ ¦"« -
DISASTROUS BLIZZARD
RAGES IN NEW MEXICO
One Man Lost and Thousands of Head
of Cattle Perish in the
Mountains.
EL. PASO. Tex., Jan. 10.— Advices from
White Oaks, N. M.. in the Sacramento
Mountains, 150 miles northeast of El Paso,
at the terminus of the El Paso and North
eastern Railway, say that section was
swept by a blizzard yesterday, the effect
of which was disastrous. Many thou
sands of hoad of stock were frozen stiff
and two men were caught in the snow
storm and overcome. One was dead when
found to-day, but the other revived and
may recover. Al Haney was found dead
this morning near Nogales. He and a
companion started to walk- from Nogales
to White Oaks, when they were over
taken by the storm. Haney lay down In
the deep snow by the roadside and per-
Jshed. His companion succeeded in
reaching a house a mile distant.
A mall carrier was Also found this
morning near Oaks In a dying condition,
but he afterward slightly revived and
may recover. The storm is said to be the
worst ever experienced In that locality.
Many other casualties are reported, but
it is impossible to get details.
WORK DELATED
ON SANTA FE
The Three-Mile Tunnel
Proves a Failure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— According to
information at the Santa Fe headquarters
the bigg<£t cave-in that has been record
ed in years In railroad construction, has
occurred in the three-mile tunnel tho
Santa Fe is constructing on its way to
Point Richmond, whence bargee will
transport traffic i across the bay to San
Francisco. The barrier the road is en
countering is a range of mountains that
engineers, after vainly trying to solve tho
problem of uscent, decided must be tun
neled. . -'•.' r
The entire energy of the construction
department was marshaled at this point.
Before the engineers could strengthen the
tunnel the debris slid in owing to a soft
formation that was encountered. •
Among local Santa Ke officials doubt is
expressed as to the course the engineers
will now pursue to reach the point.-. Jt Is
probable, however, work will be contin
ued on the tunnel. The extent of the
cave-in has caused a temporary pause,
and sixty days. It is now given out, will
be consumed before the gTeat bore can be
cleared. »i :i ¦ -^ ¦
A NERVOUS
UHfiDT
ncHUh
THIS DAN-
jp^s, grerous condl-
v Li tion comes
from "Weak
/t&gWj Nerves."
Ss^^^N • HUDTAN
SfS '-*&& cures.
. |.ia+'s^sf' j Tnenumbers
A • V^F *W-* 4- tell whether or
o _- • • . Jf. . -a not you are in
~ \~ j£ ' serious d a n-
i"sT^ »er. Have you
/-, 2<* Tp^, dull or throb-
J W,f •'¦if I 'l l^» bln * he» d "
"//'• IV iit^yVs • chM < fl e- J >-
.l b I "l'|\s/f/,\ choking sensa-
/¦l\ IV 'i '///*£•¦- A P ale « haggard
I '•* %\\'jfJr 1 J ~j& sunken «y es
f*s7 'ri£i*m" ' '¦& ° r twitching
I/ ' -VvG^ vertigo, dizzy
V / <fli,{ © cold extreml-
«y, •:.?: / &;«** r»m «« back
A 5A 5 f youeas.ly
\ I j/JvyZaSS^. worried or ex-
* , <~i?t f/f/jit^ »v cited? Are
\' f/fwMf-^*rK you Irritable.
i)<C : *Y/t%BV**s^\yi melancholy or
f o r g c t ful?
wWf '."?»S-' In women
!^»\ ---'3SK ' V -^ n«rvou« condl-
¦ A IStlta*.-'^^ tlojw ar« near-
& 7"'T*. ly always duo
V • to uterine .or
. ¦ . ' other troub-
les. HUD-
TAN cure* all such chronic troubles andglvea
strength to the delicate maternal organs.
If you suffer with any of the above troubles
don't hesitate, for you need HUDTAN. aad
HUDTAN-ls a positive and permanent curs.
Get HUDTAN from your druggist— 6oc a
package, six package* for $2. 50. If your drug-
gist does not keep it send direct to tha HUD-
YAN REMEDT CO., corner Stockton, Ellis
and Market streets. San Francisco.'. Cal.:, t \ • ;¦;
trtnMCin t* Consult fre * the
UUNoULi Hudyan Doctors.
• FREE. Call or Write t0
. , t them.
Fifty Years Wedded.
Special r>is;«atch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. 10.— Mr. and Mrs.
Timothy Pluntz celebrated their golden
jubilee at their home near Cacheville last
Monday. They were married in Ogle
County, Illinois, and came to California in
IST. "
WAR OPERATIONS
SOOTH OF MANILA
Filipinos Retreat Before
Our Troops.
MANILA, Jan. 10.— Reports from the
movements of the American commanders
south of Manila show that General Bates
a'nd General Wheaton are at Perez das
Marinas and General Schwan at Silang,
nil awaiting the arrival of provision wag
ons. Reconnaissances have shown that
2000 armed insurgent* have retired to the
mountains from the district between In
dang and Maig. and that others have re
treated along the coast from Novelita to
ward Batangas.
Last night Nolan's squadron of the
Eleventh Cavalry drove a body of insur
gents from Maig. One American was
killed and two were wounded. Thirteen
dead Filipinos were found.
The movement largely resembles Gen
eral Schwan's experience in the same
country, except that the towns are now
being garrisoned and that the insurgents
refuse to fight, retreating southward and
dividing into small bands, with the ap
parent intention of reassembling later.
The plan of catching a large number be
tween two brigades has failed. About a
hundred insurgents have been killed, but
comparatively few arms have been taken.
The region is full of amigos, who doubt
less have been bearing arms, which they
have hidden. The women and children
remain in their homes, and the insur
gents, as they fall back, release all pris
oners they have captured.
It is asserted on high authority that
Archbishop Nozaleda contends In his in
terviews with Monsignor Chapelle, the
Papal delegate on behalf of the Roman
Catholic and the brotherhoods, that the
titles to all property held by the church
and the brotherhoods in the Philippines
should be recognized: that the Roman
catechism Bhould be taught In the pri
mary schools: that the existing religious
orders should continue to administer the
parishes; that other parishes should be
established under the same control, and
that the parochial control of cemeteries
should continue.
He lays stress in his contentions upon
the importance of allowing the church
to administer its own affairs without
state interference; upon the necessity of
a regime that will guarantee the liberty
of the church: upon the desirability of
European clergy, the establishment of a
new college for the instruction of native
priests and the continuation of indirect
contributions for the maintenance of
churches and clergy,' and upon tne expe
diency of maintaining the system of pa
rochial fees, including revenues from
births, marriages, funerals, dispensations
and apostolic indulgences.
In addition. Archbishop Nozaleda ad
vises the continuation of the church's
control of pawn shops and certain desig
nated hospitals and Bchools, together
with the establishment of a special form
of parochial administration exacted by
the actual conditions In the Philippines.
Finally, he makes a plea for the continua
tion of the present missionary work of
the church.
The inhabitants of the islands of L'eyU
and Samar are suffering from lack of
food, resulting from the long blockade,
the arbitrary confiscation of property and
the levying of .tribute by the so-c>.lled
government of the Filipinos. The gov
ernors of both islands are Tagalos who
were appointed by Aguinaldo, and they
hold tho territory completely in their
power, administering local affairs ac
cording to their own whims and account
able to no one. They have armed forces
which terrorize the peaceful Inhabitants.
The rebel forces, on the other hand,
havo never lacked food or money. The
Inhabitants, driven to desperation by the
necessity for having to pay four times
the normal .price for food stuffs, organ
ized against Insurgent depredations. Tbut.
having no arms, they were unable to re
sist their oppressors.
LIEUTENANT COMMITS
SUICIDE WHILE INSANE
WASHINGTON, Jan.; 10.— General OUa
informed the War Department that First
Lieutenant Daniel •T. Bowman of the
Thirty-seventh Infantry, while temporari
ly insane, committed suicide yesterday
morning by shooting. . .
• Lieutenant Bowman waa a native of St.
Franclsvllle.La., and served as a private
lri the First Montana Volunteer Infantry
In the Philippines from July. 1898, ,until
July, 1899. when he was appointed - first
lieutenant of the Thirty-seventh Volunteer
Infantry. 1 which regiment was organized
in the Philippines. ,
RELEASE OF THE
AMERICAN FLOUR
Food Stuffs Not Considered Contraband of
War Unless Intended for the .
Enemy.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— Senator Hale of Maine to-day offered the fol
lowing resolution regarding the alleged seizure of American flour by the
British Government:
Whereas, The property of citizens of the United States not
contraband of war has been lately seized by the military authorities
of Great Britain near Delagoa Bay, South Africa, without good y
reason for the same and contrary to the accepted principles of in
ternational law; and, whereas, said property is now . unjustly de
tained by the military authorities of Great Britain in disregard of
the rights of owners of the sama. Therefore, be it
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That the Secre
tary of State is requested to send to the Senate all information ir
possession of the State Department relating to said seizure and
detention and also to inform the Senate what steps have been taken
in requesting the restoration of property taken and detained as
aforesaid, and whether or not the Department has informed the
proper British authorities that if said detention is persisted in such
act will be considered as without warrant and offensive to the Gov
ernment and people of the United States.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The American
flour seized off Delagoa Bay has
been released. United States Em
bassador Choate had an interview
with the Marquis of Salisbury this
afternoon, and received a verbal re
ply to the representations' of the Wash
ington Government.
The British note on this subject was
sent later to the United 3tates Embassy.
The gist of It was cabled to Washing
ton. In brief, food stuffs are not consid
ered contraband of war unless intended
for the enemy.
The Foreign Office only arrived at a
decision to-ds-- and it was not .until af
ter Mr. Choate's interview with the Mar
quis of Salisbury that a note embodying
the provisisons was drawn up. Several
of the Government's advisers wanted to
make a regulation regarding canned
goods, but this was decided to be im
practicable. The decision to make flour
and grain in transit to -the enemy con
traband is evidently hedged in by many
difficulties of execution, out the Foreign
Office believes .hat investigation will
generally determine whether the grain is
meant for consumption at Lourenzo
Marquez or in the Transvaal.
Mr. Choate cabled Lord' Salisbury's note
to the State Department at Washington
to-night, and Colonel Hay is expected to
reply, accepting the terms. The latter
step was not taken by Mr. Choate, as he
had first to receive authority from the
State Department to do so.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— Up to the
close of office hours the answer of the
British Government to Mr. Choate's rep
resentations as to the seizure of American
flour and other goods had not been re
ceived ?it the State Department. Nor has
Mr. Choate yet indicated when an an
swer may be expected,. and the State De
partment, basin? its Judgment on the fact
that it is still at the Embassador's re
quest collecting and transmitting' to him
information relative to the character of
the goods needed for the full representa
tion of the case, scarcely expects an im
mediate answer. It would, of course, be
gratified at an early response, but the
feeling is that anything returned at this
moment must be a- partial answer, or
rather, a communication that is calcu
lated to throw the matter into the ar
gumentative stage.
THREE NOTABLE PLAGES, AND
THE ORIGIN OF THEIR NAMES
THE ' SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JAXUABY 11, 1900.
JULIA MORRISON
FOUND NOT GUILTY
The Slayer of flctor Leider>heimer
MaKes a Dramatic Speech
in Court
CHATTANOOGA. Term., Jan. 10.— The trial of Julia Morrison James for
the killing of Frank Leidcnheimer of the "Mr. Plaster of Paris"' company,
of which they wrre leading man and lady, on the stage of the Chattanooga
OpTii-hnuse on the night of September 23, ended at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
wh< " wfxor one ballot, the jury returned a verdict of "not guilty."
Miss Morrison on hearing the words which insured her freedom ad
vanced to the speaker's platform and made a mort dramatic speech to the
court' and jory- «he Balfl;- - •-'.
"I wish to thank you and the gentlemen of the jury and all who were
lnatrumrn'.al in my acquittal for your just and generous decision. May God
in his mercy be ever as just to you and yours as you have been to me'to-day.
As to the prosecution. I wish to say that 1 fully forgive them and bear them
no malice for their strenuous efforts for my conviction.
•As fj my persecutors," she continued, turning toward. Mrs. George J.
Ar.tr the beautiful sister of the deceased actor, who was overcome with emo
tion and suffuped in tears. "1 leave them to their conscience and their God.
To the poor, bereaved sister I say that God knows that wera it in my- power
to restore her brother I would certainly do it."
When Miss Morrison had finished her speech, which 6he had rendered In a
dramatic style. Attorney Donaldson made a demand that she be held for carry
ing a pistol, and the case was entered, but no bail or other formal court
recognition was accorded the action. .
The rerdict was wildly cheered by the spectators in the courtroom and by
hundred* outside.
Miss Morrison will remain in Chattanooga for several weeks, after which
the will bogir. a lecture tour, her subject being "The Other Side of the Stage,"
in which she will point out the dangers that confront the young girls who
follow the Rtaee as an occupation. •
fir* officials have expressed themselves
freely about the British seizures of Ger
man vessels. Great Britain's formal writ
it:: answer to Germany's formal protest
baa not yet been received, but another
oral declaration by Lord Salisbury to
Cnunt yon Hatzfeldt. the German Embas
pador In Ix>n<3on, has been telegraphed to
3ir»rMn. showing that Groat Britain admits
her obligation to pay damage for seizing
v< psels not carrying contraband. It is ad
raitted by the r- :^«gn Office that the
crmored cruiser I»e\.: schland, flagship of
3 ¥ r:rce Henry of Pru^ia. may be sent to
]3elacoa Bay. together with the gunboat
The examination of the cargo of the
Buadesrath, the Foreign Ofllce has been
Informed, la stii! in progress.
SIR CHARLES DILKE'S
UNPLEASANT CRITICISMS
LONDON. Jan. 10.— Sir Charles Dilke.
member of Parliament for the Forest of
3 '• an, Division of Gloucestershire, speak
fng at Cmderfnrd to-night, said that A. J.
3va I four, the Government leader in the
3! u^f <<f Commons, had asserted that a
sufficiency of steps had been taken by
thi^ Government, considering the knowl
« .::.• piss<-ssed at th<">- time, but had ad
mitted a full knowledge of. the Boer arm
nnv?ntß. ¦"¦.•_::
Sir Charles declared that he was pre
parefi to ask In the House of Commons
whether the Government had taken suiH
c:.-:u steps— "the right steps in the mili
tary situation with due regard to the
tacts known at the time.
"The language Lord Salisbury employed
In Parliament." he continued, "constitut
ed an unnecessary menace — the very
thing which Mr. Balfour said it was a
Government'! .'lrst duty to abstain from—
End make war probable. More than this
the Government is responsible fo&the fact
that at the outset of the war we were
vith'uit guns enough for one army corps."
61r Charles criticized the Governments
refusal of capable Colonial troops, qual
ified to ride and shoot, and their accep
tance instead of these of 10.000 Imperial
yeomanry. Of the latter he said it had
l>fen alleged that they were neither good
horsemen nor good shots. In his own
opinion, the yeomanry probably rode well
enough, but there was very grave doubt
as to the shooting capabilities of a large
percentage.
, ».
SUCCESS FOLLOWED BY
ENTHUSIASM AND SYMPATHY
LONDON. Jan. 11.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Daily Mail, telegraphing
en Monday, says: "The Boer successes
have been followed by a tremendous out-
Lurst of enthusiasm and Boer sympathy
in the western paTt of the colony. Re
ports from Paarl say the whole district is
made hideous at night by bands of young
men parading in the villages and singina
the Transvaal volkslcid. while the chil
dren are everywhere practicing the na
tional songe of the republics. The follow
ing are specimens of statements believed
by the western Dutch:
" 'Buller and Rhodes are prisoners.' and
"Two thousand Boers secretly sailed and
captured Cape Town.' "
HAY FOR SOUTH AFRICA.
NEW YORK, Jail. 10.— The British
Eteamer Horten^ia sailed to-day for
South Africa with 25.<*iO bales of hay for
the British army. This is the second ship
In' thr»-e weeks dispatcht-d by one shipper
from this port loaded with fodder and
provisions for South Africa. The day be
fore yesterday the steamer Mlcmac car
ried IS'H) ions of hay and provisions for
<"aj>o Town from Boston.
The steamer Indian is now loading T5O
tons <>t hay for the l.'nited States army
In the Philippines. The steamer Monhiuk
recently sailed with 800 tons of hay, also
for Manila. *
SPANIARDS WANT TO FIGHT.
LONDON, Jan. 11.— The Gibraltar corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph says:
"Three thousand time-expired Spanish
poldiers from the Cuban •war have offered
Ihcir services to Groat Britain tor South
Africa. The Governor here has informed
their agent that he Is not authorized to
enlist foreigners."
MEANS FRESH FIGHTING.
IjONDOX. Jan. 10.— The Durban corre
spondent of the Standard, telegraphing
Tuesday, says that 1200 Indian stretcher
bearers started for the front the previous
r'.sht and that their departure was're-
garded in Durban as indicative of a re
newal of the fighting.
JAPS WOULD FIGHT BOERS.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 10.— So con
tagious is the enthusiasm here about en
listment with the British forces in South
Africa that the Japanese of this city ar©
not only willing but anxious to see service
on the British side in the Transvaal. They
have been organized by an ex-Japanese
officer. Japanese Consul Shimu has made
a formal tender of the services of this
Japanese corps to the British Government.
Numbers of letters have been received by
Mayor Garden of Vancouver from Ameri
cans in various Pacific Coast cities desir
ing to fight for Great Britain.
NATIVES WITH BRITONS.
LONDON. Jan. 11.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle, tele
graphing Monday, says:
"The Uoers assert that eighty natives
fought on the side of the British at Kuru
man. They say their object in capturing
the place was to open the way for a com
mando to go south into the Prieska and
Konhardt districts, where the Boers hope
to foment rebellion. It is reported that
the Boer leaders allow every burgher to
rfturn home one week uut of every
seven."
GROSS BUT NOT OBSCENE.
PARIS, Jan. 10— The manager and ar
tist of La Caricatuere. who published an
alleged indecent cartoon representing
President Kruper having Queen Victoria
ov.er his knees in the act of spanking her,
were tried to-day on the charge of out
raging public morals. The court acquit
ted the accused on the ground that in
spite of the groFsuess of the satire, it did
not have the obscene character* which
would justify the charge.
PRIVY COUNCIL AND QUEEN
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The Privy Council
will go to Osborne. Isle of %Vi;rht, where
the Queen is now residing, on Thursday.
The meeting of the Council will be a
purely formal function for the purpose
of fixing the date for the reassembling
of Parliament.
ROBERTS AT CAPE TOWN.
LONDON, Jan. 10— General Lord Rob
erts, the new commander of the British
forces in South .Africa, and his chief of
staff. General Lord Kitchener, have ar
rived at Cape Town.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Fosttlvcly enred: by tliese
:^; liittie puis.
-Theyal3ojr«lieve Distress from Djspqf****
tndigesSon and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rexnhdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, BadTasteln the Mouth, Coated Tongas
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
Small Price,
The Penny Magazine Brain Teat. No. 0.
THE 10 LONGEST WORDS
Who Can Get Them Out?
' f~~Tak!:iff only that part of this advertise-
ment- that Is printej within tha wavy nn«a. '
who can make up the ten longest words,
from the letters in the two sentences with-
in these wavy lines? No letter can b«
used oftener than it appears In the two
sentences.
~HeVa~TsiB, half-hour's profitable educational
work. Tbe-ftrst prize is WIH), and then there
are ONE HUNDRED ONE- DOLLAR PRIZES.
The first prira will be raid to the person who.
usinj? onl/ th«J£tters that appear In the worla
within the Wavy lines above, makes uo with
these letters the ten longest words. Only Eng-
lish words, not proper names, will be allowed.
The other one hundred prizes, of one dollar
each, will be awarded to the one hundred peo-
ple who come nearest to the winner In length
of words. The winner will be the one whO9»
ten words have the greatest number of letters
all toJd. It is hardly possible that more than
one person can win the first prize: but. of
course. If It proves that more than one person
does win It. then It will be divided. In order
to enter this contest everybody must send a
year's subscription to The PENNY MAGA-
ZINE with their answer. THE PENNY MAG-
AZINE costs but 23 cent 3 a year, ar.d for this
small sum it is edited. Illustrated, printed,
bound and delivered every month for twelve
successive months. This contest will clos<*
April 15th, but answers will be accepted at
once, and competitors can send as many
answers as they please, provided they send a
subscription with each one. Certainly your
chance Is good for one of the lfll prises.
including 1 that first prize of 1200. Address Com-
petitive Edltcr.
Tht Puny H&gasine, 559 Deptwßldg, HswTork City
The PRICE of FIRST-CLASS |
TAILOR-MADE SUITS |
Within the REACH OF ALL! j
SPECIAL CS3 j
REDUCTION %T\ I
For a Limited Tim 1 . y^\S^M !
! Back Suits !*ir,.r.r> //v fi Oj I
\ Frock Suits 22.50 ft *, f£- |B ' •
! Prince Albert Suits t> .\ T j •
U3.00 iV •*! |;
Full Dress Suits... L' % *£. I
4ii.no Fj fi yV
Overcoats 20.00 CTWB V v
Pants 4.."<» M 3£, Tr
ltW-1112 Market St. t* l} .Vft i
KJI-2C3 Montgomery St.. it i.,H ill •
SAN FRANCISCO. JP ikSc 1 '•
1011 Washington St.. ,43* '
OAKLAND. **" •
Sore Spot
Eye-Glasses
Can b« bought anywber*, but onr clip*, wbicti
(It the nose without a slip or pinch, can only be
had of us.
Oculists" prescriptions filled. Quick repair*
Ing. Factory on premise*. Phone, Mala 10.
642 Market St. in»trl'mekt3
•mata cneiuc-.e f™n»i.
$QQ._OO
FOR 3 ROOMS OAK FURNITURE.
BEDROOM SET. S PIECES. 1 ROCKER. 2
CHAIRS. 1 WIRE MATTRES3. 1 TOP MAT-
TRESS. 1 CENTER TABLE. 1 PAIR PIL-
LOWS.
DINING ROOM. «-FOOT OAK EXTENSION
TABLE, 4 OAK CHAIRS.
KITCHEN. NO. 7 STOVE AND BOX. 1 PAT-
ENT KITCHEN TABLE AND 2 CHAIR:).
ESTIMATES CHEERFULLY GIVEN.
Also full tln« of CARPETS from 40c up.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-840 POST ST.,
Opi>. TTnton Square, cor. Powell.
Open evenings. Fre« dallvtry Oakland. Alaw
meda and Berkeley.
:: Palace and X
:: Grand Hotels I
' ' For nearly a quarter of a century th» * '
' ' leading hotel* on the Pacifio Coast. ' '
• ' With added improvements and con- < »
< > vemences they continue to be the head- < >
4 quarters for tourists and travelers vis- <¦
itlng- Ba.n Francisco. ¦ <>
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. ?,
Manager. «
4MMttt Mt ¦•- -•¦ ??»•»•?>»>»»
Ej n B H HZ3JI E3 BSci A H fj^Jl
A LI. \firt-outt Diseases— Fail ins Mam>
on. Slmpleasnasm etc.. canned br orar.
work and Indiscretions. They qvic'.-'y
anil murelv rsetore. Lost Vitalitj in old
or rooms, aad tit • Dan for ¦tody, btui-
n«es or plsaaar«. Prevent Infinity ani
Gonsumptioa If taken ia time. TV»tr
i medlata improvement sad affecta CCXX
whor* All others fail. lo&idt upon having tha ceauin<*
Ajax Tablets. They have cared thoaaands aad will
• care yon. We nire a poaitiva written ro&rantea to sf •
1 . fact a care ia each case, or refund the money. Pric«
vUblSt ment) for 32.50 bTOuil.tn plala wrapper.
, apon receipt of prica. Clrcuiarsfree.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 79 c£gg™Zf**
' For sale 'n S. F. by Lelpnit* & Co.. No Per*
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F.. Oak id.
. ff"feflfl ff~«T > Completely eradicated with-
rJ»9' E~ r>ut out tine or tylnx. Xj
B k2_ I_\J cure » no Ba y- For lnforma-
k " ¦"— ¦ k -'*-^ tlon address 3. F. RECTAL.
9 f r«B,.i JJ mi« INSTITUTE. 1170 Market.
2
HARRISMITH, the Orange Free State
town from ..which the Boers advanced Into
Natal and -upon Ladysmith, was called
after-its founder. Sir Harry G. W. Smith,
a veteran of Waterloo and hero of the
Sikh wars, who was Governor of Cape
Colony from 1847 to 1554, when the Orange
Free State was included therein.
: LADY. SMITH, now the place of greatest
interest in all Africa, was named in honor
of the wife of Sir Harry Smith, who first
met her. at the capture of Badajos, in the
Peninsular campaign. She later became his
wife and accompanied him wherever he
went. • i
¦ ALIWALNORTH was named in honor
of the signal victory won by Sir Harry
Smith over the Sikhs at Aliwal, India, in
1844.
The accompanying silhouettes were
taken when Sir Harry and his wife were
quite old. ; - „ ';>V;:-. : - S ?;%SAN" CAFAEL. Jan. 10.— Had It not been
tor tn« coehteftji and bravery of Mrs. Crltt
Sbepherd. residing on Fourth street, n«»ar
the broad-gauge d»»pot, eleven sleeping
people would have been sacrificed in
liam^- kindled by Saloon-keeper Tatrlck
F.nylp early this morning.
Boyle** place of business is in the lower
Ftory of a block of flats. The flat to the
right Is occupied by the Sheda family of
father and mother and daughter. To the
:• ft Is the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Con-
DOlly and three children. Immediately
over the- saloon lived Mr. and Mrs. Crltt
Fh«\'ih*»rd and their daughter, Miss Maud
litocker.
For deliberate plar.nir.g and recklessness
as t» whose lives miijht be Involved in his
schema of vrngrance the attempted crime
of Patrick lioy!e carries off the palm in
Baa Rafael. At 1 o'clock this morning
Mrs. 6h*»pherd. who had beeen unable to
t-l«»»>p owing 10 the noipe occasioned by the
siilittins: <>f kindling in the saloon below,
; • irti a sound which she at once recog
i.:z*-'l v tii* 1 roaring of flames. Springing
fr-i.m hor bed. only pausing to put on a
iicht wrapper, she ran downstairs. As
• ¦ - entered The back door of the saloon
»• figure which she recognized as that of
Boris brushed p*.*t her. Inside the room,
wh'rh is <<ne occupied as a sleeping apart
ment try Boyle and his barkeej>er, flames
«rr# leaping u:i from a pile of broken
chair Irps, kindling wood and coal. In the
miAct of the blaz« was a Jive-gallon can
of foaJ oil. Realizing that the explosion
oi the oil woiiid Kprertd the flames beyond
ji!l iiowr ff quenching. Mrs. Sh«»p"h^rd
ih"-u«t h*r arm into the blazing mass and.
j-Hzir.g the can. draggwl it out. The pain
t-hf* sufffr^rj wa^ excruciating. To-day her
hand ard arm r.r« burned and swollen,
t waring testimony to th* bravery of her
art. In spit*- of her scorched arm, Mrs.
Shepherd remained on the scene long
••n>»ugh to point oat Boyle, who had re
mrm-d ar.<l was gazing on the conflagra
tion, to Nicht Watchman O'Brien, who
placed the man under arrest.
The arrival of the neighbors Thickly put
n *t"P to any further spread of the flames,
whirh were soon under control.
The partition which separates the room
from the salmon, the bed. in fact every
thing was thoroughly saturated with
krroser.e. and had it not been for Mrs.
Bbepherd*> art th*» occupants of the flats
would undoubtedly have perish*»d.
On Ft:ndny Boyle had hot words with his
landlord, John O'Malley, who Is superin
tendent of the water company, and blows
\\{-r<> Boyle swore to avenge
himself on his landlord, whom he had ar
restod for battery, but who was dismissed
on Monday.
CERTAIN DEFEAT FOR
THE FRENCH TREATY
Finds Too Strong Opposition Both in
the Paris Chambers and at
Washington.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 10— Private re
ports reaching the diplomatic circle here
from P.iris indicate that the reciprocity
treaty between the United States and
France is in a hazardous position, with
more than the possibility of defeat when
it cones to the final vote In the French
Chambers.
The administration here Is filled with
prave concern for the fate of the treaty
la th»» T'nitrd Ptat^s Senate, and thus the
convention is In the singular position of
3>f'.njr exposr-d to rejection by both parties
on the ground that it is too favorable to
each.
BEET CROP SUFFERS.
Social Dlepstrh to Tbe Call.
MONTEREY. Jan. 10.— News comes
here from those portions of Monterey
County that suffered most from the re
cent overflow of the Salinas River that
the damage to crops from the flood is
not nearly so great as was at first fear'd.
Atfr the dam at the river's mouth,
rat'sed by the combination of debris
brought down with the increaff-d current,
and the sandbar, had broken the waters
tsubpldf-d rapidly and the Inundated farm
lands were quickly relieved. The clear
tvf-ather of thf past few days has en
rbl«*d the pround to dry sufficiently to
Allow ranchmen to harvest their beets,
and it is now stated that at least two
thirds of the crop remain uninjured. The
other third is « total loss, as the beets
are beginning to rot. Between 900 and 1000
acre* of beets were under water during
the overflow, and It is believed that had
the dam not broken when it did the en
tire acreage would have been ruined, in
volving a loss of about $15,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Once or twice a year the good house-
wife has a thorough house cleaning. The
house has been swept and dusted every
day in the year, but the housewife knows
that in spite of vigilance dust accumu-
lates in cracks and corners, and is only
to be removed by special effort.
It's the same way with the body. You
look after it every day. You take all
the ordinary precautions of cleanliness
and health. Yet the body needs Its
special cleaning to rid jt of the accumu-
lations of waste and poisonous matter
which invite disease. Doctor Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery, taken regu-
larly once or twice a year, would save
many a sickness. It purifies the blood,
strengthens the stomach, and cleanses
the body of poisonous accumulations.
«La«t spring I had a severe attack of pneu-
monia, which left me trith a bad cough and
also left my lunjfs ia a very bad condition."
¦wntss John M. Russell Eeq.. of Brent, Cherokee
Nat.. Ind. Ter. "I had no appetite and vai no
weak I could scarcely walk. My breast wa»
all sore with running sore*, i got two bottles
Dr. Picrce's Golden Medical Discovery, which I
b-lievc saved my life. I cannot expres* my
rratitude to yon. I am able now to do very
good work."
Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser, in paper
covers, sent /ree on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay cost of mailing only
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N V
PlftlirP Wffe I s^ ows single-breasted sack suit. It is conscientiously
rll/IUI C liU« I tailored, stylishly made from such patterns as you may
select.
Pirtlirf* No ls a k° x overcoa t tna * nas a *l tne g race » style and appear-
I It/LUI C li J. L, ance o j t^ e very expensive overcoats — carefully made —
sure to please — your choice of several cloths.
PirtllTP IMfl illustrates the double-breasted sack suit. This suit is
r It/IUI c liU. >J made from the same materials as the singlebreasted.
PirtlirP Mfb 4- i nd * cates a cutaway frock, a very dressy suit, replete
iltlUl c y\\3* T" vvith careful making from good, serviceable, sightly cloths.
PlftlirP Mrt is anot^ sr double-breasled sack suit, with satin facing,
ritlulc \\\3* sJ s i n gj e or double breasted vest, numerous patterns to
select from. A very popular suit.
Pirtlirf* Nfl fi s^ ows tne strand. It is made similar to the cutaway
rr ' tlulc IlU< v frock, but is shorter and has outside pockets. Very
suitable for the business man.
PirflirP Mfl 7 ' s a sm S le "t>reasted sack suit with a high cut double-
riCLUlt; IIU. / breasted vest. With or without satin facing on the coat.
Pirf urA Mffc ft * 5 designed to show you what a handsome, stylish win-
ritLUlC !^ u » ter overcoat can be had during this sale.
Come and get samples— they are freely given. Write for catalogue of samples No. 2if you lire out
of San Francisco.
Yesterday the Shepherds noticed with
surprise the arrival of a five-gallon can
of coal oil and a sack of coal for Boyle.
Gas was used exclusively in the saloon,
and Boyle was not in the habit of pur
chasing any but a very small quantity of
kerosene at a tim<\ At X o'clock he gave
his barkeeper, James O'Brien. 50 cents to
get a bed outside with. Ip to that time
O'Brien had occupied a bed in the back
loom with Boyle. From 10 o'clock to the
time when she Ilrst hoard the tlamcs Mrs.
Shenh*>rd was k.-pt awake by the splitting
of kindling ar.d various "noises which
Boyle made in building the bonfire which
was to have burned the flats to the
ground.
"When arrested Boyle had on his over
coat, and in an outhouse the firemen
found a valise ready packed with all his
clothes. When taxed with the crime
Boyle only ejaculated. "Prove it!" It was
stated that Boyle was intoxicated at the
time of his arrest, but when peon to-day
he indignantly denied it. He claims that
he "came in from somewhere" and dis
covered the flames, but when asked where
h<» had been anrt who had split the chairs
up he relapred into silence.
The. preliminary he&.rini< is set for next
Wednesday. Boyle is held on $2000 bonds,
and up to late this afternoon had failed
to secure them.
O'Malley. with whom Boyle had the
trouble and whom he attempted to avenge
himself ¦ on. Is a wealthy land owner and
superintendent of the water company.
Boyle has a very bad record, and a few
nights ago was thrown out of Kelly's
stable by Foreman Mclaughlin, who lirst
notified the Fire Department of this morn
ing's blaz*.
heeling in the town runs very high over
Boyle's act, and there was talk this morn
ing among the rougher element of lynch
ing. Late this afternoon Attorney Joseph
Murray, acting in the interest of O'Mal
lejr. levied an attachment of $23 50 on
Boyle's property for back rent.
We want 1900 to be a very successful year with us— we want more people to get acquainted with us.
So we start the year with a remarkable sale— tailor-made suits and overcoats in eight different styles of gar-
ments—any one you may select, $13.50.
We have been planning this sale for months— bought the material before the prices of cloth went up.
The sale is for a limited time only— until all the cloth of this lot is gone. After that it is doubtful if you
can ever get such values in tailor-made clothes— especially if the price of cloth keeps up.
With cloth having advanced per cent in some instances, think what a value you are getting in goods
bought before the raise and sold to you at prices very much less than they were formerly.
Your opportunity lies in this sale at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
GEORGE DREVER WEDS
A WATSONVILLE BELLE
LIVES ENDANGERED BY A
VENGEFUL SALOON-KEEPER
Patrick Bogle Sets Fire to a Building in
San Rafael in Which Eleven Per
sons Were Sleeping.
One entire window is devoted to these suits and overcoats for $13,50.
718 MARKET ST. and COR. POWELL AND EDDY STS.
NO. /. NO. 2. NO. 3. WO. 4.
3
WATSOrCVILLE. Jan. 10.— A very
pretty homo wedding took place
Jn this city this morning at the
home of the bride's brother-in
law, George Relter, when Rev.
George McCormiek of Salinas
united In matrimony — ss Celia Jessen
of Watsnnvllle and George R. Drever of
Pan Francisco. The couple was attended
l>y James Jessen and Ml.«s Eva Aston.
The bride Is one of the most handsome
and popular of Pajaro's young ladles, and
js the youngest daughter of Conrad Jes-
F( n, a hading and successful business
man. The groom occupies a responsible
position with the Union Iron Works in
San Francisco. After the wedding break
fast the happy couple took their depar
ture for San Francisco. The presents
were numerous and valuable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.Will Live in Pasadena.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— Phil Armour,
the Chicago millionaire packer, is at Pas
adena and has announced that he will
make his future home there. lie is nego
tiating t for a residence. Phil Armour Jr.
left Chicago to-day In a special car with
% V.^ vty , of fl fteen guests rpr Southern
California.
England's Armored Trains.
The magnificent armored trains used by Eng
land In her war with the Boers will transport
her troops, protect bridges and teregraphle
communications In about .the same way th.it
Hostetter's Stomach Eltters drives dyspepsia
from the human stomach and then mounts
guard that it does not return. The Bitters
has won In every case of indigestion, bilious
ness, liver and kidney trouble for the past
fifty years. It Is Invaluable at all times.
Ctf\*T FOURTH RACE-Slx furlong*; sMling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
TiKif--';. ::*; H. :<vi: **. I:l«i. Fair Mart. Won handily. Second and third drivlne
Wlnnf-r. J. J. Mcran** b. R.. br Tammany-Helinfia. .. ;
fr'ii'r away tn a flying »tnrt. Sachem galloped. Remus has a bad lee. . '¦
f?08 rIrTH RACE-Slx furlongs; handicap; three-year-old» and upward; purse. J4CXX
Tirr.e--';. : ;vi: «-i, :<K'i: y. 1:1K Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner. George
VT. M!!!«>r's h. m., by Belv»><l»re-T..l!Z'>ttP.
St. oiithr*rt ran Timemaker into the grownd. Loving Cup away none too well.
Srratf-hed— Pard'.ne ir#. * ....
60*) PIXT« RACE-Selltng; three-j-ear-olds and upward; rur»e, $40(
_ Ti m *r •*, V>: H. :49i4; *i. 1:15. Good ptart. Won nm three driving. Winner, Kerr &
GouM s h. g., by Apache-Brook.
Cirrumfj^snr^s favored winner. Clarandn badly ridden. Juva thrown against fence on
far turn. Ol!s*an<jo cut down. Libertine broke down. .
Scrateh-d— Delecta 104. Rlcardo 103.
San Francisco Yacht Club.
A fair number of members of the San
Francisco Tacht Club attended last night
at a meeting in the Merchants' Exchange
for the purpose of electing a committee
to nominate candidates for officers for
the coming season. Tho following were
elected: Ex-Vice Commodore G. T. S.
M hite, George T. Campbell and Starr
Heeler. Each member present wrote out
a list of the nam^s of Uio men whom he
would like to see* elected to the various
offices to be filled and handed it to the
chairman of the nominating committee.
The nominating, commit tee will present a
ticket at the annual meeting next month.
MARBLE DISQUALIFIED.
Wins and Loses a Race on the New
Orleans Track.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 10.— Wet weath
er and a sloppy track cut down the at
tendance to-day. Dr. Walmsley, Sam
Fuller and Verify were the only winning
favorites. Marble finished first in the
steeplechase, but was disqualified for
running outside the flag after taking the
third Jump, and the race was given to
Van Brunt. Results:
Mile. Felling— Dr. Walmsley won, Lennep sec
ond, Tom Kinsley third. Time, 1:44.
Six furlor.RS— Sam Fuller won. El Caney eec
ond. Magic Light third. Time. 1:17.
Handicap, steeplechase, short course— Marble
finished first, but was disqualified: Van Brunt
won, Fred Perkins eecond, Alec Reeves third.
Time. 3:32.
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth—Compensa
tion won. Lackman second, Strangest third.
Time. 1:62.
Selling, six furlongs— Verify won. Agitator
second. Cathedral. third. Time, 1:13.
THINKS DIXON FAKED.
Politician's Befreshing Views Con
cerning the Fight.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— B. B. O'Dell,
chairman of the Republican State Com
mittee, declared positively to-day that the
Ilorton boxing law must bo repealed at
once.
"Have you become convinced that the
so-called boxing bouts are brutal?"
"Brutal? No. They are fakes. That
Is why I. think the Horton law should be
repealed. The flphts arc fixed before hand
and the spectators are humbugged. Take,
for Instance, the McGovern-Dixon fight at
the Broadway Athletic Club last night. 1
never; saw such a farce. There was not
a stage of the game when the negro could
not. have gone in and finished his man.
When I left the club I was satisfied that
the Horton law should be repealed lmme
diaiely.V.. ;v; v
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HIGH-CLASS I
SPECIALISTS.
DR. MEYER3 & CO. conduct th« lare- [
eat and best equipped medical Institution
and have the most extensive rructice la
th« world. They avoid th« us* of all min-
eral, poisonous or dangerous drugs and
electric belts. All their remedies ar» care-
fully compounded la tlielr private labor-
atory, without cost to their patients. f
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the only
specialists on the Pacific Coast who
cure diseases and weakness of men ¦
exclusively.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
A SURE GUARANTEE. ¦
PATIENTS MAT DEPOSIT THB
price of a cure In any San Francisco
bank, to be paid only after they ar» well,
or may pay In monthly installments.
Prices reasonable. No other doctor* will
make such an offer.
HOME CJ/UES-FfIEE BOOK.
Thousand* cf men ar* cured at home }
every year. It you cannot rlslt San \
Francisco, write for free private book. ¦
advice, question list, etc. All corre-
spondence confidential. Xo rrlntlr.s on i
envelopes or packages to Indicate name
drTmeyers & co.,
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR. S
HOURS— Daily, 8 to 5. Evening 3. &
7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to 11.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
a £» i: :: suszz? :r. w.. tik?x area. J
\ fey The l*arg<>*t Anatomical Museum in the \
V Wo »"*. V.-e»kn«te» or *ny contracted A
tT yVZ afl disease pwmitlvrl^ tarod ny the oidm «r
£ SITSe CR " CJSEASES $
T8 M" f**.»»w Curt in every case uniiert.tken. W
AF U 11 %P Write for Book, PHILOfiUr BY »l A
V¦ a I' M«JIHM(;K, MAILiO FUEB. (Af
A d Cr valuable bcok fcr mm) \
f on Joßn.is*co.ra Market St.. 3. F. V
llllgDß. HALL'S HEINYIGGRATOR
j££j J&^tj Five hundred rewarU for any
Hi ta ** we cannot cura. Tfcl* necret
4-^ m—** rem * d ? "ops all losses la «*
[s£| WJS3 Ihours1 hours - c " r^» Emisalona. Impn-
Hffl ftPiS Cleet! F*? COCe strlcti^» 10rrbO '*'
||£2r-jsKsn Maohpcd and all Va!u"«c efTecf*
" — ' °* s^lff-abuse or exces«A« «^-i»
waled. O bottle: 3 bottles. |5; "uar^Ueed ti
STITTFIK. &> Broadway Oakland, r-i! **«.
tor .at. at W7SH Market .Cs. F. All prtvati
diseases quickly cured. Send tor irw irSL
A. de LUZE
& FiLS,
BORDEAUX, FRANCE.
FINEST
CLARETS
— AN*l> »—
SAUTERNES.
CHARLES afEIXECJCB & CO,
AOEIvTB. ::* 6acr&ccesto fit.- & F.. CaX,
£*f\SZ. SECOND RACK— MiIe and a quarter; hurdle; handicap; three-year-olds and up-
OvftJ* ward: nurse. HO I }.
•Coupled with Monita.
Tlmo— 1:1*. <^ond rtart. Won easily. Eecond and third driving. 'Winner, W. P Flne'i
eh. s., by Red Iron-lily W.
Lomo fenced well. Monita ran a swell race. Too murh weight on Grander. Rossmore
was moving »P when he fell.
Scratched— Sardonic 117, J O C 127.
r*f\A FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and uptv.vrd; purse. $100.
T irnf _t; # : ;4ij, : 4, :43Vi; ?i. 1:14%. Gocd start. \V«n flrst three irlvlnjr. Winner. C.
Reed's b. ni.. by Housatonlc-Abble Hunt.
TVlr.ner was toutoii as a Rood thing. March Eev?n enjoyed an awakening. Miss SoaJc
etorr^d. P F poorly handled. -:.*.,•,
Scratched— The OfTt-rins 103.
MYSTERIOUS RAILWAY
CONSTRUCTION IN IDAHO
New Road That, It Is Believed, Will
Form Part of the Vanderbilt
System.
MINNEAPOLIS. Jan. 10.— A special
from Lewlston, Idaho, says: "The Pacific
and Idaho Northern Railway, now being
built from Welser, in the southern part
of the State, north to Seven Devils, is the
most mysterious piece of railroad build
ing in the country. It begins nowhere
and ends nowhere. Yet over 100 miles of
the finest roadbed have been built and
cash is paid for everything and only the
best material is purchased. No one knows
who Is furnishing the cash or why the
road ia being built. It is believed, how
ever, to be the Vanderbilt connecting link
between the East and West.
"The Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company Is to build seventy-seven miles
from Riparia to Lewiston, and eventually
this piece of road will connect the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company with
the Oregon Short Line. This will make It
possible to start a car at New York City
and pull it to Portland, Or., on tracks
owned by tho Vanderbllts. The new road
will come down the Salmon to the Snake,
and then to Lowlston. Then the Vander
bilt system will have water grades
through the mountains and to the sea."
LADY ALICE MONTAGUE
DIES OF CONSUMPTION
Contracted the Dread Malady as the
Result of an Attack of
Influenza.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Lady Alice Mon
tague, sister of the Duke of Manchester,
died to-day at Davos-Platz, a health re
sort in Switzerland. She had been long an
Invalid, and a few weeks since her condi
tion became so serious that her relatives,
including her brother, who was then in
America, were summoned to her bedside.
Lady Alice Montague was one of the
twin daughters of the Duchess of Man
chester, formerly Miss Consuelo Yznaga
of New York. Lady Alice's sister died In
Rome three years ago. Lady Alice was a
victim of consumption following an at
tack of influenza and was taken from
England a few weeks ago to Davos-Platz
in the hopes of prolonging her life. She
was 20 years old.
GALES AND WRECKS
ON THE FRENCH COAST
Number of Small Vessels Are Lost,
Going Down With Their Crews
Aboard.
PARIS, Jan. 10.— Heavy gales are blow
ing along the entire French coast and a
number of small vessels with their crews
have been lost, although several lifeboat
rescues are reported.
A fishing boat foundered off Boulogne
sur-Mer, nine of the crew perishing. The
bark Jeanne Eugenic bank near Cher
bourg and five persons were drowned.
Heavy weather Is reported from all Med
iterranean ports.
DR. McGLYNN'S FUNERAL.
Archbishop Corrigan Officiates at the
Services.
NEWBURG, N. V., Jan. 10.— Th© fun
eral of Dr. Edward McGlynn was held to
day in St. Mary's Church, which was
crowded to the doors. The services were
presided over by Archbishop Corrigan.
Occupying seats In the church were all
the Protestant clergymen of the city, who
had been specially invited to attend the
services. The city officials were present
by invitation.
The chanting of the service of the dead
was first in the order of the services.
Then a solemn requiem mass was cele
brated, the choir singing Dreschler's
march. Dr. Richard T. Burtscll delivered
a eulogy and the service was concluded
by singing and the pronouncing of abso
lution by the Archbishop. After the ser
vices the body was viewed by the people
and was then borne to the station, where
the coffin was put aboard the train for
New York.
STARVING IN CUBA.
American Colonists Without Even
the Necessaries of Life.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— A sad story of a
large number of distressed and homesick
Americans who became Interested In a
settlement at La Gloria, in the province
of Puerto Principe, was told to-day by
Robert Hall, a St. Joseph, Mo., business
man, who arrived to-day on the steamer
Olinda from Cuba. He dwelt upon the
little employment obtainable and said
that many were suffering from lack of the
ordinary necessities of life. Many have
not the mean." to purchase passage back
to the United States.
End of a Romance.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— A suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Mrs. Stephen
D. Mott against Stephen D. Mott of this
city," son of T. D. Mott, a capitalist. The
plaintiff was formerly Daisy Hupp, an
actress, and the couple eloped two year 3
ago and were married, much against the
wishes cf young Mctt's parents. The
ground upon which the application 13 made
is desertion. • .
Smith Succeeds Lowndes.
ANNAPOLIS; lid., Jan. 10.— At noon to
day Lloyd Lowndes, for four years the
Republican Governor of Maryland, sur
rendered the executive chair to John Wal
ter Smith, his Democratic successor.
Thousands of Democrats from all parts of
the State participated in the ceremonies.
OVERCOME BY SMOKE.
Firemen ITarrowly Escape Death ttt
a Burning Building.
NEW YORK. Jan. ID.— During a flra
which to-day burned a flve-story building
occupied by bowling alleys and a gymna
sium at. 30$ to 310 W e3t Fifty-ninth street.
three engine company crews, who re
sponded to the first alarm, were, with few
exceptions, overcome by the smoke,
though nearly all of the men returned to
work. Many had to be dragged out or
the smoking apartments. Charles Netze!
of engine 23 breathed flames and was tha
most seriously affected. Altogether about
forty men were overcome by the dens'S
emoke from the pine boards of tha bowl
ing alley.
The flames broke out again. Th© fire
men who were endeavoring to locats tha
fire were overcome so quickly that soon
the sidewalks were filled with uncon
scious men. over whom physicians wera
working. Fifteen failed to revive and
were sent to hospitals. The fire mad*
rapid headway and the smoke was dense*.
Six feet of water had collected in tha
cellar, and there was a rumor that one
fireman had been overcome and drowned.
The loss en the building 1 was $50,000. Dr.
Watson Savage, physical director of Co
lumbia University had a gymnasium oa
the fourth and firth floors.
Fruit-Growers Will Organize
SAN JOSE, Jan. 11— The convention off
fruit growers, which 13 to b© held here
on the 13th and ISth of this month, prom
ises to accomplish something definite.
The fruit growers of all districts of tht*
county have organized and have selected,
delegates. Word from other counttf3
tells of large delegations. The prime 'oIV
Ject originally wa3 to organize the pitm*
growers Into a combine. Now all decidu
ous fruit growers are interested 'and.' an-,
effort will be made to organize all such
growers north of Tehachapi Mountains Ir»
to a body something like that of .th&
raisin growers of Fresno and ortins*
growers of Southern California.
Tannery Burned.
Special IMypatch to The Call.
NAPA. Jan. 10.— IT. M. Cropley's tannery
was destroyed by fire this mornlnff at 1
o'clock- Mr. Cropley says that his losa Is
$2500. There was no insurance on tho
property, as It had run out about three
weeks ago.
Railroad Opened.
LOS AJCGELES. Jan. 10.— The four-mllo
spur of tho Santa Fe, between RlchfleM
and Olinda, in Orange County, which,
taps the Brea Canyon oil fields, was open
ed to-day.
GERMAN LINER
SLIPS INTO OCEAN
Deutschland Launched
at Vulcan Yards.
STETTIN. Jan. 10.— The Hamburg-
American line steamer Deutschland was
successfully launched at the Vulcan dock
yard to-day in the presence of Emperor
William and many notable people. The
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count yon
Bulow. christened the vessel. In his
speech Count yon Bulow dwelt on the
powerful development of the Hamburg-
American line, which, he said, with the
North-German Lloyd had during half a
century grown to be the greatest ship
ping company in the world. The new
ship to-day added to their fleet, he added.
was to run on that high road of North
Atlantic traffic which connected with Ger
many a friendly nation— the United
States. The ship had been built at the
Vulcan dock yard, which began Its career
in as modest a way as the hamburg-
Amerlcan line and now provides foreign
navies with every type of ship. The
Deutschland was intended to be the most
powerful ship In the world and to surpass
in speed all vessels afloat.
Germany's present transoceanic policy
and world policy necessarily resulted from
her economic growth. Germany felt more
and more that a nation which allowed
Itself to be pushed from the sea would
stand aloof from the busy life of the
¦world. Germany, which long had ceased
to be an inland* country in the heart of
Europe and which had also become com
mercially a world power in the front rank
of rivalry, must also be strong enough on
the sea to guarantee everywhere German
peace, German honor and German pros
perity.
After breaking a bottle of champagne
across the steamer's bows Count yon Bu
low said: "God bless and protect this
ship. Protect the friendship and com
merce between us and the United States."
The Minister then called for cheer 3 for
the "leader of the nation — the Emperor."
WHITESIDE YET
ON THE STAND
Clark's Counsel Will Try
to Impeach Him.
?
> WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— The Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
held only one session in its hearing of the
Clark Senatorial election case to-day. Ex-
State Senator Whlteside of Montana wa?
the only witness. It was the fourth day
of the examination.
When the committee adjourned at noon
Faulkner announced that he had for the
present concluded the cross-examination
of Whiteside, but that he would ask for
his recall later in order to propound cer
tain questions which he was not yet ready
to put and upon which he would under
take to impeach his testimony. Campbell,
representing the anti-Clark petitioners,
said that he wished to ask a few more
questions en re-direct examination, and
on this account it is expected that White
side will be on the etand when the hear
ir.* is resumed to-morrow.
Ex-Senator Faulkner's efforts to-day
were directed toward entagling White
side upon dates and : exact statements
made as to the transactions in connection
with Clark's election to the Senate, and
he went fully into the deposit of money
by him. Faulkner brought out the fact
that of the men to whom the •witness
knew cf his own personal knowledge
money had been paid, only two had sub
sequently voted for Ciark, and that there
was no clear understanding as to the full
transaction with those two.
Whitetlde closed with the renewal cf
his declaration that he believed himself
to be serving the State of Montana in his
present course and a review of the use
of money in State affairs which had in
cited him to it.
B0XING CLUB PAYS
THE HIGH LICENSE
The Columbia Athletic Club officials are
the first to observe the new law requir
ing the payment of a $1000 license. The
fee was paid yesterday and the club will
hold its first exhibition to-night. Here
after it will promote two amateur tourna
ments—one where the principals are pro
fessionals — each month. Negotiations are
being- made for "Kid" Parker to meet
shortly some aspiring lightweight before
the c!ub.
The principal event on the programme
to-nisht is the 10-round bout between
Charles Rochette and "Doc" Flynn. This
is a bout of more than ordinary promise,
as both men have done well in the ring.
The S-round preliminaries will be between
William Condon and William Perry;
Charles Johnson and Jack Sullivan: Wil
liam Lundv and Charles Trost; "Kid"
Dobson and Ed Wiley. The bouts will be
held in the gymnasium of the club, 2S
Golden. Gate avenue.
Jack O'Brien and Al Neill will meet for
the second time about February 9. The
delay In the signing of articles is over the
selection of a referee, who is to be named
in the articles of agreement. Jack Welch
will probably be the man selected.
Struck by a Train
Sp/^ial Dispatch to Th« Call.
COLFAX, Jan. 10.— Mrs. Perry B. Schell
was struck by eastbound passenger train
No. 4 this evening at Blue Canyon while
trying to cross the track ahead of the
train with her two-year-old babe in her
arms. Her left foot was cut off at the
ankle and she was badly injured about
the head. The baby was thrown from its
mother's arms, but is uninjured. The in
jured lady is bting taken to Sacramento
on the delayed overland. Mrs. Schell is
TANFORAN
WINNERS A
MOTLEY LOT
Jockey Bill at J5O to J, and
, Lomo, a 40 to J Shot,
Among; Them.
Jockey Bill, a five-year-old gelding
named after Willie Martin, the noted
rider, captured the last race on the card
at Tanforan yesterday, with the enor
mous price of 250 to 1 laid against him In a
couple of the books. The prevailing odds
though were 150 to 1, and quite a number
of sheets were spoiled by the block man
accepting small wagers on the outsider.
Ridden by Kiley, he alternated with
Clarando in cutting out the pace, finally
beating out Caesar Young's horse a
length. Glissando, the favorite, was cut
down and old Libertine pulled up on three
legs.
11l luck trailed the favorites from the
outset, Grand Sachem being the only
choice to earn a pair of brackets. One
dollar parleyed on the six winners would
have netted the fortunate investor Jj.o*".
396—providing he could have placed the
A widely circulated tip on Wild Het to
win the rirst event proved a good one.
The mare, with Nate Hill in the saddle,
was quoted at S to 1, and. in front from
the start, breasted the tape a length
ahead of March Seven. Charles Le Bel,
equal favorite with Miss Soak, ran third.
A bad accident, in which Jockey Mat
tier, who rode Rossmore, was seriously
injured, marred the hurdle number. Lomo,
a 40 to 1 shot, won easily from Monita.
At the last jump, the favorite. Rio Cnico,
fell. On taking the fourth jump, Ross
more fell heavily on Mattier. anu he was
carried to the hospital in an almost un
conscious condition.
Ping was backed down to favoritism to
annex the third purse at a mile. Leading
for half the distance he tired, finishing
third. Merry Boy drew away from the
bunch In the stretch, winning in a gallop
from White Fern.
Two Montana-bred horses fought it out
in the six furlong sprint following. Cro
ker, on which there was a very heavy
play, went out in the .lead with a fine
showing of speed, but could not stay, fall
ing easy prey to the favorite. Grand Sa
chem, nicely ridden by T. Walsh.
The smart ones fell heavily over the de
feat of Timemaker in the six furlong purse
run, fifth to be decided. The Schorr
sprinter received extensive backing at
odds of 7 to 5, even though asked to han
dle 120 pounds. Hooking up with St. Cuth
bert the pair breezed away at a heart
breaking clip to the stretch, where St.
Cuthbert snapped. Thorpe then came
along with Loving Cup and, ridden out,
the filly downed the favorite over a
length in 1:13^.
Track Notes
: Efforts are being made by certain mem
bers of the Western Turf Association x.o
: smooth over the unfortunate Corrigan
: Milroy incident without a public apology
being tendered the California Jockey
Club for the insult received by its secre
tary. Those Intimately acquainted with
i Thomas H. Williams Jr., president of tho
Oakland track, and familiar with his love
for justice in all matters pertaining to the
turf predict such a thing to be an impossi
bility. The matter will receive further
GROWERS ASKED
TO FIGHT TREATIES
Appeal of League of
Domestic Producers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHirAGO. Jan. 10.— An appeal to the ag
ricultural Interests of California In par
ticular and the Pacific Coast in general
has been prepared by the League of Do
mestic Producers. This organization is a
coalition of the growers .of sugar beets
and sugar cane and manufacturers of su
gar th*resrora; growers of tobacco and
cigar-makt-rs; producers of semi-tropic
and other fruits, vegetables, wool, cotton,
rice and riots. Its purpose is to defeat the
admission of produce from the tropics
or from South America at lower tariff
rates or f r< c cf all duties. The organiza
tion was effected at Omaha December S
and claims to have 6ir.ee affiliated with
it nearly all the associations of producers
ar.d manufacturers in the interests re
ferred to, embracing upward of three mil
lion voters. The statement issued to-day
is signed by Herbert Myrick, chairman of
the league, widely known among agricul
turists as the editor of the Orange Judd
Farmer, Chicago, and also the American
Agriculturist. New York. The document
follow,:
We, th« Le&rJe rf Domestic Producers, ap
peal to our fellow producers in California to
rise up In their might ag-air.st the instant dan-
Ctr that now threatens. The pending treaty of
rec'i>rf>c'.ty with France Is full of mischief for
California's (trtat ¦wise industry, as you know
t*tt.-r than wo. Th<> r* n 'i lne treaties of reci
procity wlib the British West Indies and Brit
ish Guiana, would admit into th*^ market from
those emotions of trrpical product: venefs and
cheap labor sugar, Ifctncr.e, crar.pea and other
proiucta at jrr«>at!y reducea duties, which
would seriously injure hcrno markets for the
•air.c articles as produced in California. The
pro&osod free admission of Porto Kican produce
Ir but the first tup toward the fr^e admission
of eugar. fruits, tobarco, etc.. from the Philip
rines. and er<? long from tViba. That such a
policy would ruin the mo*t profitable agricul
tural ir.Justrses cf California Roes without say
ing. On top of all this comes a treaty of reci
procity with Argentina, wberefey hides, sugar
•nd wool ir.ay be Imported from that country
Jnto the UnitnJ States at 20 J>er c^nt reduction
in duties. Arcentir.a v one of the greatest
sheep-wool countries on earth. It has nearly
lour time* as niar.y gherp as the Unit«d States
produces end neariy twice as much wool. Its
*-xj<nne of woo! in ISS7 were G2.OHMXM rounds,
rearly four time? as ir.uch as the. total wool
Import? in the United States for the rast year
anri twice the total production ef. the United
States. .
. . Frenucne-half to rwo-thlrds of all the foreign
wool ' etxeriKg .this country .comes under class
a., coarse' wool, so .that any such tariff favors
shown Argentir.a- would enormously stimulate
dirert teport* from liiat country to the great
detriment not only of our coarse wool sections.
like Arfc^na. Sew Mexico, Colorado, Oklahoma,
but also California* Oregon and Washington.
The excuse fcr the treaty Is that • Argentina
«or»!t are mostly carpel prade. but ten years
e*o tfce...Dep»rtsu>zu of- Agriculture pointed out
that "There. Is no question of the possible pro
duction In the. United States of carpet wools in
ample variety.". True now as then. We, there
fore, Appeal to the preat agricultural Interests
cf th* --.PattSc Coast. : especially to th« fruit
RTomers -a.nii wool prowers, to uojte Ja a strong
pretest to Congress against the proposed sacri
fice' of tfarlr.. Interests and also the sacrifice of
similar Interest ss fn. near!y-«very state and Ter
ritory In the Ur.jon. •We a*k the fruit, wool,
beet EUfar an.4 s^mjlar. interests to send r<so
lutions. ;petttUr.s .and letters to their respective
tvwrtors ar.d Representatives m every legiti
ta»!* way t'» **e.rad the efforts cf the League
rf Domestic Producers to. ward off this danger.
Tlji* policy advocated by the league will tn no
wi.^e interfere with the larjrest possible expan
..*>ic>Ti without any secrlfio^ of cur vast deme^tie
-egrirulturaJ interests upon which national pros
perity d.'j,»r),!«.
HERBEST MYRICK, Chairman.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judge.
J. F. CAI.DWELL- Starter.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1900. br H. H. Kebert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Wednesday, January 10, 19OO.—Thirty
fourth day of the "Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association.
Weather fine. Track fast.
SAYS A TRAMP SHOT
HIS LITTLE SISTER
Peculiar Stcry of an Injury to a
Tour-Year-Old Girl Near
¦Prerts.l. Dispatch to The Call.
£AN r JOSE. Jan. 10.— The shooting of a
four-year-old pirl by a tramp in Monte
bello district, six miles southwest of Cu
pertino, was reported to Sheriff Lanpford
to-day. There is considerable mystery
surrounding the affair, and the story of
the tramp doing the act is not believed.
She Mas probplily injured accidentally by
*. brother playing with a revolver cr re
ceived a stray bullet during a row be
tween some of the Italian residents cf the
neighborhood.
The child is Louise Carr.o, daughter of
John Carno. an Italian laborer working
on. the Sp*-queta ranch on Sterens Creek..
According to the svry of Louis Carno.
her 14-year-old brother, he and h's sister
end other children were a.lone in the
house Monday morning about fc o'clock.
His fathrr was at worK four miles away
and his mother in this city. A tramp
carrying a roll of blankets came to the
house and asked for something to eat.
The boy sr.id they had nothing- to eat. The
tramp laid down his blankets and, puiied
out a big revolver, spying ho would have
something to cat. Louis then said he
would csk his father, w hereupon the
tramp shot the little girl, ths bullet pass-
Ing through the back Ceshy part of the
left thigh and lodging in the right thigh.
The boy said the tramp then fled. When
the father returned in the evening the boy
reported th>- shooting, but no attention
was paid to the matter till yesterday aft
ernoon, when it was reported to Constable
ilartln r.t Mountain View. The boy gives
a Fom« -what vague description of the man.
Fred Houp. an insane woodchopper, ar
rested here last night, answered the de
scription. He had been working in that
vicinity, but the boy stated positively he
was not the man.
Th«- uttle girl was brought to town to
day for treatment by Dr. Filipello, who
extracted the bullet from the left thigh
The physician is of the opinion that the
wound was made a couple of week* ago
The child will rirobajaly recover.
Sheriff Landlord is investigating: the
shooting.
COLOMBIA'S INSURRECTION
Revolutionists Uniformly Successful
in the Interior. ,
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Jan. 10.—Colom
bian advices announce that tho revolution
In that rApijhhr i«= rhiroiifchly or«caniz»d
and uniformly rocceasfol In the interior
All th*> Government r^Rl stance is r*tr<»at
injr toward tho capital, whence com* fur
ther and j>frf.i.s:«-nt reporta -if t^.e doaTh
of Presidect San OlTn'-nte and of pojltlcal
disputes. Th^ rfn^nrship is so rigid and
direct communication with th« coast so
interrcptpd that no auth«>ntlc details
concerning tl^p artu3l fituailon can 1>p
obtained. BuFiroFS. corjrffiH'-ntly. is par
i!yr«>d along th* cc>a*t. The r<*pr>rtf< ad«l
that the inrr-.r pints' sud.5»«n a<w»j*5ion of
errftngnh is du» to thn receipt of rcin
fcrofmfr.tp aod arms through Vfnfzueln.
ENTRIES
FOR THE
OCCIDENT
Ninety-Four Youngsters Listed
in the State Fair Stake
for 1902.
— — — « — -V;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.— The Occident
stake of the State Agricultural Society fur
1902 has closed with ninety-four entries,
the largest in the twenty years' history
of this famous stake. Secretary Shields
said to Th.c Call correspondent to-day that
the list denoted the great interest now
being taken in the breeding of fine horsoa,
and that it augured wei; for the succetjs
of the forthcoming State Fair. The
horses In the Occident stake come from all
parts of the State, and there are more
individual owners and leßs blocks of en
tries from stud farms than on previous
years.
There will be four payments on the en
tries, and they will aggregate $8000. Count
ing on the usual losses and removals,
there should be enough horses on the list
at the final payment to make the stake
$4000, which will be one of the largest ever
trotted for in the West.
The list of entries is as follows:
S. f. Carlta by Direct Prince-Bessie Wilkes,
b. t. Ojala by Prince Airlie-Llndale, Juan Gal
legos; s. f. by Lynmont-Molley, b. h. by Lyn
mont-Elmorene b. h. by Altamont-Balance All,
b. h. by Wallsteln-Daisy, D. E. Knight; eh.
C General Washington by George Washington-
Venus, Thomas Smith; Dewey by Alta
mont-Oakville Maid, John Lutgen; b. f. by
Nushagak-Woodflower. br. c. by Nushagak-
Addie YV, b. c. by Nushagak-Nosegay, b. f.
by Prince Ansel-Chamois. Alexander Brown;
s. f. Maggie N by Hambletonlan Wllkea-Anna
Belle. R. I Moorhea.l; eh. c. Admiral Dewey
by Boodle Jr.-Isabelle. J. D. Carr; b. c. 121
Dorado by Falrose-Maud, A. C. Stevens; br.
f. Frau Kruger by Zombro-Blanche, Mrs.
Thomas Coulter- b c. by James Madison-
Ituna. b. f. by Charles Derby-Pippa. b. c. by
Charles Derby-Economy, blk. c. by Charles
Derby-Empress, br. f. by Charles Derby-
Coquette. Oakwood Park Stock Farm; eh. c.
Montle by Monterey Amigo-Hazel, Silvio Com
isto; br. c. by Waldstein-Daughter of Grand
Moor. W. ¦F. Snyder; b. f. Martha Washing
ton by George Washington-Daughter of Henry
Clay. James S. Taylor; blk. f. Wegrlta by
Direct Prince-Qulen Sabe. Juan Gallegos; b. c.
Prince Elect by Electus-Sealia McC, D. S.
Matthews; b. f. Amlet by Arthur Wilkes-
Amlet, C. A. Keefer; b. c Don 7t by Stam B-
Lotta H. J. M. Hackett; b. c. McPher
son by McKlnney-Evaline, W. H. Lumsden;
b. c. Jubilee by Wilkes' Direct-Nettle G, Mrs.
S. V. Bartsow; c. Edran by Teheran-Edna W,
f. Raymollta by Teheran-Ramona, f. lisa by
Ilderim-Perfection, James W. Mlnturn; br. f.
by Dave Ryan-Rosie Lee, Dr. A. M. McCollum;
b. c. Harry B by George Washington-May Girl,
Harry Burke; b. m. Ruble by Altamont-Ruby,
blk. c. Prince Rio by Alta Rio-Belle. J. B.
Iverson: blk. Donnatus by Electus-Whlppa
dona, D. S. Matthews; b. f. La Belle by Alta
mont-Alico Belle, I. L. Borden; b. s. Cuate by
McKinney-Mlss Jessie. Charles Durfee: eh. c.
by Neernut-Bess. George W. Ford: b. f. Bell
one by Falone-Haopy Belle, J. J. McGrath;
br. c. Moscow by Zombro-Belle Medium, b. c.
Frank Bates by Stam B-Grace C. Tuttle Eros.;
b. f. Oakland Maid by McKlnney-Lady C.
J. Doran; b. f. Etta Wood by Boxwood-Etta.
H. P. Moore: br. c. by Bay Rose- Athenian,
br. c. by L. W. Rujsell-Bltcara. hlk. f. by L.
W. Russell-Flora Allen, br. c. by Diablo-Hazel
Me. b. f. Vallotta-Molly Allen, eh. c. by Sid-,
ney Dlllon-Par.sy. Santa Rosa stock farm; b.
c. Farnwood by McKtnney-Lucy Shaw, W. J.
Dlneee; Cupid and Altivo. A. B. Spreckels;
b. Uarda by Falrose-Vlrglnia. C. R. Harring
ton: br. c. by Silver Bow-Kitty Fox. George
H Fox; b. f. Llbby Zanos by Zombro-Lizzy
Monaco. C. M. Cline; b. f. Zombrozette by
Zombro. daughter of Silver Bow. L. H. Tod
huntcr: b. c. by Bay Bird-Hilda. Rancho del
Paso; b.c. by Knight-Alaf=kpna.b.f. by Bay Bird-
Rosemary, eh. c. by Knight dam by Antevolo,
b. c. by Bay Bird dam hy Albert W, b. f. by
Knight-Young Lady Washington, b. c. by
Bay Bird-Violet, b. c. by Bay Bird dam by Al
bert W. eh. f. by Knlght-Charls. eh. f. by
Knight-Honeysuckle, b. c. by Bay Bird dam by
Albert W. Rancho del Paso; f. The Mascot by
Iran Alta-Linda Oak. Vendome Stock Farm:
b. o- by Meridian-Paulina, A. F. Hamilton; p. f.
by Welcome-Fennella, b. f. by Welcome-Elle
nor, b. f. by Weleome-Edwina. b. or br. f. by
Welcome-Hybla. 11. W. Meek: b. c. Rosemoor
by Azmoor-Rosemont, br. f. Anselma by Altivo-
Anselma, br. f. Wilowena by Wildnut-Rowena,
br. f. Altivoea by Altive-Mary Oeborne, Palo
Alto Stock Farm: br. f. Miss Georcle by Mc-
Klnney-Georgle B, b. c. Mixer by Nutwood
Wilkes-Lou G, Nutwood Stock Farm; b. c. by
Silver Arrow-Pure Love, R. D. Fox; blk. f.
My Emily by McKinney-Adellne Patti. Rudolph
Jordan Jr. : br. f . May Mont by McKlnney-Mc-
Mlnvllle Maid, A. T. Van de Vanter; b. f. by
Cock Robin-Mabel, F. D. McGregor; br. f. Hon
olulu Maid by Kentucky Baron-Mignonette, F.
L. Duncan: dn. ¦ c. Edward by Bays water
Winces-Marguerite, S. H. Hoy; b. c. Zomola by
Zombro-Klttle Baker, George T. Becker; br. f.
Minnie . Talmadge by Kalght-Hoodo, Edward
Plckett.
airing before the Tanforan stewards this
evening.
When Mattier was carried to the pad
dock after his fall from Rossmore blood
was gushing from his nose and ears. The
track physician stated it would be impos
sible to state- whether or not the unfortu
nate rider had suffered a fracture of the
skull until to-day.
Entries for To-Day.
First race — Five and a r«alf furlongs; maiden
three-year-olds and upwa'jd; selling.
ESB Miss Vera 91 KB First Shot 86
597 Favorita 93 'M Tom Sharkey.... 93
53S Coming Event... 91 :«»1 Semlramide 107
6&6 Cymona 103 I*lB Beautiful 8i11... 96
... TJterpe 103 :J.6 Miss Reel 103
... Jazabel 1071 ifcO Morella 91
RQS Uppercrust 91 f^ 8 Goldnnder 83
EB7 Redwald 96 j iji6 Pelecta 103
Second race— One mile; telling; four-year-olds
and upward. ?
583 Indra 114 W7 Ladaea 114
6/)2 Tom Cromwell. .ll4 t$S Tom Calvert....H2
697 Collins ?121 <»)0 Greyhurst 11l
Third race— One mile a;id a quarter; three
year-olds and upward; sewllns.
R3S Meadowthorpe ,in9| &\ Forte 109
593 Dr. Marks 103! f-j Dr Bernays 106
591 Chlmura 102;
Fourth race—On* mile; three-year-olds; San
Bruno stakes; $1200.
601 Tar Hill 107 138 Onstellator 97
694 Sunello 100 (4«"4)AnJou 115
646 Bee Be* 112 »j:S Hind. Prinress..loo
E54 Erwin 110!<5*T)Nance O'Neil 92
S3 Bathos 113: 5&4 S. Dannenbaum.los
676 F. W. -Brode lftSj 6T6 Advance Guard. ll7
57<> Bogus Bill IOOi 3?9 Mortgage 104
5*5 Limerick 101 (St9)The Lady 109
(594)Wallenstein 109 478 Dlomed 107
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward.
601 Bannockburn ...101' 6CS Imp. Mistral ll. ing
C67)Malay in6 l 542 Rosormonde 109
Sixth raoe— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
565 Tizona 91] 5*4 Antoinette .. ?7
292 Kitty Kelly 55 596 Mocorlto 113
564 Rosalbra ........110 581 Ml»s Marion 104
555 Chotcau ...v 92 ...Orion 109
COl Storm King 112 5."« Gusto 100
670 Whltcomb 107; SSI Jingle Jingle. ...in*
(. r .So)Genua 104 S T.PZ Taruha 10S
588 Summer 82 ! 571 Ben Led! 102
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Redwald, First Shot. Miss Reel.
Second race— Tom Cromwell, Indra, Ladaea.
Third race— Forte, Dr. Bi>rnars, Chlmura.
Fourth race— Bathos, Erwin, Tar Hill.
Fifth race— Bannockburn, Rosormonde, Ma
lay.
Sixth race— Mocorlto, Mlfs Marlon, Ben Ledl.
BAD BOY IS
BEATEN BY
ROYAL ANNE
Clever Running in Midweek
Reserve Stake at Union
Coursing Park.
Pasha kennels' blue greyhound Royal
Anne ran cleverly and truly yesterday at
Union Coursing Park, winning the mid
week stake. The daughter of Firm
Friend and Valley Queen is only in the
puppy class, but she ran like a champion,
allowing her six opponents to score only
two points against her. Lady Marion
scored one of these and McKinley the
other. Lady Davenport, Athena, Vanity
Fair and Bad Boy were retired pointless.
Bad Boy was Koyal Anne's opponent in
the final and the pair proved equally
matched. They ran stride for stride until
nearing the hare, when Koyal Anne drew
out and scored the first turn by a length.
She never relinquished this advantage un
til she killed.
The running throughout the day was
sharp and snappy, none of tha courses be
ing sever© on the dogs, while in some in
stances they ran up and killed quickly.
The most notable upset of the day was
the defeat of. Controller by Iron Duke.
The former led up by four lengths, and
when he pressed the hare it turned back
to Iron Duke. He was after it quickly
and scored a turn and killed before Con
troller was again on the gams.
Mocorita and Wait a Bit were so evenly
matched they ran two undecided courses
before the lormer finally won. The re
sults of the running, with the oilicial
scores, follow:
George Sharman's Walt a Bit beat J. K&fr
nan's Koyal Oak, s-6; S. McCullough's Moco
rita bes.t H. Weber's Montana, 6-2; Curtis &
Son's Vanity Fair beat Maher & KeiJ's Single
ton, 7-1; Maher & Keid's Nellie Bawn beat U.
Miehalek's Joker, 7-4; Erwin & Lyons' Silver
Wings beat Curtis & Son's Echo, 4-1; J. Mc-
Enroes Nor*west beat C. Wiley's Gaslight, 4-1:
Jeff Martenefs Bernal Boy beat Thomas
Nevin's Nellie N, 6-0; T. J. Cronin's Iron Duke
beat J. H. Perigo's Controller, 5-2; J. Keenan's
Blacklcck beat S. Mahoney's Blue Violet, 7-0;
J. H. Ferigo's Lady Davenport beat Gus Aber
crombie's .Miss Richmond. 9-2; Curtis & Son's
MeKln!ey beat J. Neary's Touchepas, 28-3;
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat W. H. Jones'
Lady Marian. S-l; E. Baumelster's Winning
Ways beat J. Ronning's Dempeey Lass, 3-1; S.
Mahoney's Chief of the Hill beat O. J. Olson's
Sunburst. 4-2; F. Patterson's Fire Queen beat
Lande & Gerber's Concord, 3-1: Aeneid Ken
nels' Athena beat Erwin & Lyon's Silver Lyon.
7-3; <F. A. McComb's One Spot beat Aeneid
Kennels' Pretender, 8-1; C. C. Gris wold's Mas
ter Workman beat Gus Abercrombie's Miss
Rabbit, 3-2; George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket
beat T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee. 5-0; Pasha
Kennels' Rest Assured a bye. Tic Tac with
drawn; W. J. Jones' Rustan beat E. Bau
meister's War Cloud, 8-0; Curtis & Son's Com
modore beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Mike Davie.
IG-4; Al Austin's Firm Fo# beat T. J. Cronln's
Depend On Me, 6-4; J. H. Perigo's Pretty Girl
beat J. Muller's Cadenza, 6-0; Maher & Reid's
Bad Boy beat E. F. Frank's Delia M. 6-3; R.
E. de B. Lopez's McGregor beat J. CDowd's
Clifton Lass, 3-3; Hall & Newelfs Nonpareil
beat F. C. Macks Black Pattie. 4-0; Hall &
Newell's Rough Rider beat T. J. Cronln's
Maid of Ball, S-2.
Second round— Mocorita beat Walt a Bit, 5-4;
Vanity Fair beat Nellie Bawn. 4-1; Sliver
Wings beat Xor'west. 8-0; Bernal Bey beat
Iron Duke, 6-0; Lady Davenport beat Black
lock. 3-2; Royal Anne beat McKinley. 8-1; Chief
of the Hill beat Winning Ways. 4-0; Athena
beat Fire Queen, 10-1; One Spot beat Master
Workman, 5-0; Rest Assured beat Miss Sky
rocket. 6-4; Rustan beat Commodore. 6-4; Pretty
Girl beat Firm Foe. 5-4; Bad Boy beat Non
pareil. 4-2: Rough Rider beat McGregor, 7-4.
Third round— Vanity Fair beat Mocorita, 5-0;
Silver Wings beat Bernal Boy, 7-2; Royal Anne
beat Lady Davenport, 4-0; Athena beat Chief
of the Hill, 11-1; Rest Assured beat One Spot.
6-1; Pretty Girl beat Rustan, 6-1; Bad Boy
beat Roueh Rider. S-0.
Fourth round— Vanity Fair beat Silver Wings,
6-1; Royal Anne beat Athena. 5-0; Pretty' Girl
beat Rest Assured. 5-1 ; Bad Boy a bye.
Fifth round— Royal Anne beat Vanity Fair,
4-0: Bad Boy beat Pretty Girl. 9-!.
Final— Royal Anne beat Bad Boy.
THIS WEEK'S STAKE.
The open stake at Union Coursing Park
on Saturday and Sunday attracted an
entry of eighty-eight greyhounds, includ
ing Luxor and other noted performers.
The total prize money Is SSIO. divided as
follows: To the winner Jlla, runner-up $70,
third $50, three at $30 each, five at $20;
eleven at $15 and twenty-two at $10. The
first train on Saturday leaves at 11:30 a. m.
The 1:25 train for Tanforan will also stop
at the park. The draw resulted as follows:
Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair vs. Pasha Kea
nels' Rollicking Airs; J. Kennedy's Night Time
vs. AJurphy & Toland's Ornament; J. Byrnes'
Battleship vs. J. H. Mullen's Mocorita; H. 11.
Gray's Terrcnette Vs. J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen; R. E. de B. Lope2's Wonder vs. Curtis
& Son' b Cash: S. Mahoney's Chief of the Hill
vs. M. London's Magneto; Maher & Reid's Nel
lie Bawn vs. Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead;
Pasha Kt-nnels' Miller's Rabble vs. J. Dean's
Mlalmo: Curtis & Son's Narcissus vs. H.
Lynch's Lottie M; W. Cairn's Imperial vs.
P. J. Reply's Warship; Bartels Brothers' Beer
Brewer vfc. "VV. Creamer's Jesse Moore; Pasha
Kennels' 'Rest Assured vs. J. 11. Harrison's
Hot Has;e: P. J. Rcllly's Plow Boy vs. W.
F. Hobbs" Mercy May; J. Carroll's Auckland
vs. J. Dean's Gladiator; Pasha Kennels' Re
annex vi. Maher & Reid's Singleton; J. M<
Halton's Tic Tac vs. H. A. Deckelman's Old
Glory: Kay & Trant's Hawker vs. C. L. Ap
pleby's Clare B; Hrwtn & Lyons' May Queen
vs. D. J. Healey's Maggie N; E. M. Kellogg' s
lovra Maid vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Sure; R. E.
d<» B. Lopez's Wanda vs. H. F. Anderson's
Crawford Braes; R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie
Wa Wa vs. Curtis & Son's Cavalier; Aeneid
Kennels' Athena vs. E. M. Kellogg" s Sweet
Emma; J. Byrnes' Nellie B vs. H. H. Gray's
Rona; J. Byrnes' Olympus vs. Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Julius Caesar; Sterl & Knowles'
Rusty Gold vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo;
R. E. d« B. Lopez's Sara vs. Maher & Reid's
Uncle Fuller; Pasha Kennels' Sylvia vs. J.
Hurley's O X Capitol; E. H. Farmer's Moon
stone vs. Curtis & Son's Commodore; F. C.
Mack's Delia M vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Belle Clalr> Erwin & Lyons' Silver Lyon vs.
G. J. Panario's High Flyer; Jeff Marteners
BUI Poster vs. Gus Abercromble's Rock Island
Boy; Oeorcs Whitney's Theron vs. Curtis &
Fon's McKlnley; F. A. McComb's One Spot vs.
W. Creamer's Report: P. J. RelUy r s The
Grafter vs. T. J. Cronln's Thornhlll; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne vs. J. Murnane's Wild
wood; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master Clalr
vs. Kelly & Hanly's Baby King: t>. J. Healey's
Grenada vs. Aeneid Kennels' Pretender: D. E.
Wiley's May Girl vs. J. Sheridan's Forest
King; Curtis & Son's Echo vs. J. Diekson'a
Black Bess; 11. A. Deckelman's Snapshot vs.
C. L. Appleby's Little Sister; R. W. Rike's
Nancy R vs. Maher & Reld'3 Pat Rellly; H.
Lynch's Mystic Maid vs. E. Evatt's Hurricane;
T. J. Cronln's Depend On Me vs. Curtis A
Son's Luxor; R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot vs.
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist.
SPORTING EVENTS
HOBART EULOGIES
IN THE SENATE
Tributes to the Memory
of the Dead.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— Beautiful and
impressive tributes were paid by the Sen
ate to-day to the memory of the late yica
President Hobart- His Intimate personal
relations with many Senators and h:a
close affiliation with all of them rendered
his death a distinct loss to every mem
ber of the body, as well as to the coun
try. It was in commemoration of n;a
public service and of his private charac
ter that the Senate set apart tha session
to-day for the pronouncement ol eulogioa
upon him. Personal friends and asso
ciates and party friends and party oppo
nents joined in paying such sincere and
eloquent tribute to the memory or Mr.
Hobart. to his character and public ser
vices, as have seldom been paid to any
public man.
Addresses were delivered by Senators
Sewell and Kean of New Jersey. Daniel
of Virginia. Depew of New York, Cock
rell of Missouri. Cullom of Illinois. Davis
of Minnesota, Morgan of Alabama,
Chandler of New Hampshire, Lodge or
Massachusetts. Caffery of Louisiana ana
Allen of Nebraska.
Early in the session Hale of Maine in
troduced a resolution of inquiry, address
ed to the Department of State, as to tha
seizure of American flour by the British;
authorities, which aroused more than us
ual interest because of its attitude to
ward Great Britain. It was not actea
upon.
Miscellaneous business of minor impor
tance occupied me attention of the House
to-day until 1 o'clock, after which aa
hour was devoted to eulogies upon tha
life and public services of the late Rep
resentative Greene of Nebraska. Tha
House then adjourned until Friday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
rtAO THIRD RACE-Ow mile; eelllnc; three-year-elds and upward; puree, J4Q6
Time— v;, :fVi: 'j. :SO--4: \, l:lCVi: mile. 1:42. Oood Mart. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, M. J. Coilin* & Co.'s eh. &., h>- imp. M^rrlwa -Lizzie Honker.
Merry Boy rtrnvrirg away at the end. All»nna looked to have finished second. Faver
?ham apparently nnt «rr>(vi. E^plonape hart no f>r>eed.
Scratched— M"«<lowthorpf 112. Nr.nce O'Nell Bft. Rarldo lf«.
4
Str.
Fin.
v Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
_ I 4
i
i.' 3...
1 '
1U
•3*
12
2 h
1 1
2 n
]x.; Hiii
IT.; Walsh
8 8
3 S
...107)
i«
3 4
iTllorpe ..;
i 3 i"2
21
7 M
4 1
5 1
? n
!J. ; Daly...
iGluver
6-2 7-2
10 10
-.IT--.
r'.H
If!
el*
AS
mo,
:!4or
; Tr
srnes
«...
...ii'r
.T.IOT
...lor:
...107
... ss
...107
5
1
9 1
10
81*
10
1
© i
C 2
S 2
72
9 3
10
6 2
7 1
8 2
9 3
10
uiiiver
iMi>rse
iJe^ikins
iViUltoe
H.nry
H.. Stuart
IS 25
4 g
8 :o
12 25
6 8
•We!(
'im.
Hm.
Jocken
•s.
'Bcttlnr.
[Op. Cl.
r.
v,
¦>"
190
,90
;•¦•
iSO)
JO
I,-
M
\Y
It:
onka.
na O
at"s«
\o Ch
•)»»rr.<
«...
i, a.
•slty
fr. a
ilon
*a,
"lien,
or*.
a.
A'-y.
L...
4..
a..
..127 3
..155 4
..133 7
..165 1
..137 5
..is: 8
5 1
Z 2
2 ',4
7 1
61
2
3 2
4 S
E<
?4? 4
1 1
.Fell
1 2
3 2
4 5
5 6
6 12
7
22
1 2
w
4 1
5 10
6
Fell
3 n
4 20
B 15
6
ID. Henry
|l>pnhart .
iGaJbralth
IGlover ...
Evans ...
MrKonna
I Moody ...
Mattier .
. 20 40
6 7
. 3 6
. 5-2 E-2
. 12 15
. 15 25
. 8-5 S-5
• •
idn. Horse. Ag>
r.ss M»rry Br*\
r.«^ White Fern.
.'.«? Fintr. 8
r'2 R«<-iv»n. 4..
594 Al>nna. 8..
*.70> F"&oa'l«». 4...
¦tfrt Silver Tall,
4«t E»=pionajr«». 4
t...
i. 3.
V."
4...
Weight. iRt.
lftSJ 6
; 106! 3
105 1
102 i 7
8S 4
109! 3
if>»; ?
K»l 3.
lO2| 5
3 Vi
5 h
m
2 1 4
4 fi
6 '.4
- : 9.- :¦
5 1
4 V 3V 3
5 'j
1 H
2 h
8 Vi
6 J'i
8 'i
9
2 1
4 4
3 H
6 2
1 1
5 2
72
« 1
Str.
1 5
4 1
3 Vi
5 1
2 '4
6 3
T 1
S 2
9
1 3
2 ns
3 ns
4 ns
5 H
6 2
7 2
8 8
9
Jockeys.
Thorpe
E. Jones...
Vlttltop ...
M. Bcrgen.
J. Martin..
Ruiz
Jenkins ...
J. Walsh...
N. Hill
Bettint.
Op. Cl.
. 4 11-2
?8 9
.. 4 S-2
. 19 12
6.7
. 8 9
..6 5
.. 15 20
3 10
-.J»v
t. He
Aj
•. 'Weif
It
Hm.
Mm.
?;m.
StT.
Fin. Jockeys. \
Op. j Cl.
EM
49«
?7<>
f ; '7
Gra
rr r nl
Pen
Sur
'Mp!
Rpit
7.irl
Ant
puk
1 A
r<Vi
!vlr
T, '!•
rich
tier
l Ba
r. 4
m, 4
n B\
I, a
h. 4
r 3
rf "
¦m. 5..
ne, 4..
ham, r.
r:!T
n i
'•7 C
v 4
17 7
i?j
17 8
!7| Lf
*ft
4 1
11
7 15
21
3 h
< H
3 :
1 i
S 3
2 V 4
4 2
«|
8
1 Vl
2 2
¦ 4 1
65
6 4
7 2
8 ¦
12 T. Walsh
2 3. Thorpe
3 1 Jenkln*
. 4 m Conlev
5 5 Hpnr> ;
6 8 H. Rosa
7 4 Bullman
8 Login?
;.. Vlttitoe.
3 5-2
8 3
8 n
6-2 -,- 1
¦40 10
15 . 15
6 13
40 40
8 13
in.
:. Hor*
Ap*
Wol
it.
.Is,.
?im.
Str.
Fin. \
T
Bettin*.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
SI)
77)
* *
•94
M
TimT
St. O
Itj'P.
Alum I
ma "«
alia
"nth
tea
.i mil
a
¦t.
il I
I .
...1'
. ..1:
i| 5
>' 1
i j:-
' 2i'
i 4 '
!| <•¦-
4 2
3 4
2 4
6
I 14
32
1 h
4 S
2 I' 4
6
5 2
1 H
2 1
4 4
3 2
5 2
6
1 1%
2 2 '
3 3
4 V
C 6
6
Thorpe 9-5 13-5
Jenkini«'-. "8-6 7-5
T. .Walsh 8 7
E. - Jones .5 6
Pausing:*!- .... '30 60
Thelan ... ' 8 10
r'.'i
M' 2
EM
r<4
J-
r;
T
H
r;
D
J<
I.
I'
Hr.rf
:>rui<i
iu\a.
funr!
'V
¦n«.
tOo
!<¦¦?:
4
t;n
h.
• AS*.
ran,
!o 4 ..
'. 4 ...
ohp. 5
<10. J-.
<k, 3 :.
n<\ a .
X ....
5
Wo
>.. ..
Mght. St.
...1031 3
...104 7
...lf>4 2
--132 5
... Ml »
... K<>! S
...I'M! 1
...1121 4
...1061 6
¦
• • •
« 2
Btr.
28;
1 1
k! 4 1
3 H
6 l"
7 1
S 2
9
Fin. .
11-
2 2.
3 I •
4 4
5 2 •'
6 1
7 '4
S 4
9 ,- -.
I Bettlnp.
. J .Jock*yg. Op.- Cl.
Kiley ...'• 100 100
. T. ;- Walsh..... 3 4
JenTtlns ....... 10 ¦'¦15
K. Bn»F.. -...'.. g 25
BaFßirifrer, ..;. ; 2 9-5
J. Martin...;. 10 12
IJenry 1 '•¦ 3 4
Vittitoe ....... 8 5
Rullman ..... "2f> 40
-.J»v
t. He
Aj
•. 'Weif
It
Hm.
Mm.
?;m.
StT.
Fin. Jockeys. \
Op. j Cl.
EM
49«
?7<>
f ; '7
Gra
rr r nl
Pen
Sur
'Mp!
Rpit
7.irl
Ant
puk
1 A
r<Vi
!vlr
T, '!•
rich
tier
l Ba
r. 4
m, 4
n B\
I, a
h. 4
r 3
rf "
¦m. 5..
ne, 4..
ham, r.
r:!T
n i
'•7 C
v 4
17 7
i?j
17 8
!7| Lf
*ft
4 1
11
7 15
21
3 h
< H
3 :
1 i
S 3
2 V 4
4 2
«|
8
1 Vl
2 2
¦ 4 1
65
6 4
7 2
8 ¦
12 T. Walsh
2 3. Thorpe
3 1 Jenkln*
. 4 m Conlev
5 5 Hpnr> ;
6 8 H. Rosa
7 4 Bullman
8 Login?
;.. Vlttitoe.
3 5-2
8 3
8 n
6-2 -,- 1
¦40 10
15 . 15
6 13
40 40
8 13
in.
:. Hor*
Ap*
Wol
it.
.Is,.
?im.
Str.
Fin. \
T
Bettin*.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
SI)
77)
* *
•94
M
TimT
St. O
Itj'P.
Alum I
ma "«
alia
"nth
tea
.i mil
a
¦t.
il I
I .
...1'
. ..1:
i| 5
>' 1
i j:-
' 2i'
i 4 '
!| <•¦-
4 2
3 4
2 4
6
I 14
32
1 h
4 S
2 I' 4
6
5 2
1 H
2 1
4 4
3 2
5 2
6
1 1%
2 2 '
3 3
4 V
C 6
6
Thorpe 9-5 13-5
Jenkini«'-. "8-6 7-5
T. .Walsh 8 7
E. - Jones .5 6
Pausing:*!- .... '30 60
Thelan ... ' 8 10
r'.'i
M' 2
EM
r<4
J-
r;
T
H
r;
D
J<
I.
I'
Hr.rf
:>rui<i
iu\a.
funr!
'V
¦n«.
tOo
!<¦¦?:
4
t;n
h.
• AS*.
ran,
!o 4 ..
'. 4 ...
ohp. 5
<10. J-.
<k, 3 :.
n<\ a .
X ....
5
Wo
>.. ..
Mght. St.
...1031 3
...104 7
...lf>4 2
--132 5
... Ml »
... K<>! S
...I'M! 1
...1121 4
...1061 6
¦
• • •
« 2
Btr.
28;
1 1
k! 4 1
3 H
6 l"
7 1
S 2
9
Fin. .
11-
2 2.
3 I •
4 4
5 2 •'
6 1
7 '4
S 4
9 ,- -.
I Bettlnp.
. J .Jock*yg. Op.- Cl.
Kiley ...'• 100 100
. T. ;- Walsh..... 3 4
JenTtlns ....... 10 ¦'¦15
K. Bn»F.. -...'.. g 25
BaFßirifrer, ..;. ; 2 9-5
J. Martin...;. 10 12
IJenry 1 '•¦ 3 4
Vittitoe ....... 8 5
Rullman ..... "2f> 40
•We!(
'im.
Hm.
Jocken
•s.
'Bcttlnr.
[Op. Cl.
r.
v,
¦>"
190
,90
;•¦•
iSO)
JO
I,-
M
\Y
It:
onka.
na O
at"s«
\o Ch
•)»»rr.<
«...
i, a.
•slty
fr. a
ilon
*a,
"lien,
or*.
a.
A'-y.
L...
4..
a..
..127 3
..155 4
..133 7
..165 1
..137 5
..is: 8
5 1
Z 2
2 ',4
7 1
61
2
3 2
4 S
E<
?4? 4
1 1
.Fell
1 2
3 2
4 5
5 6
6 12
7
22
1 2
w
4 1
5 10
6
Fell
3 n
4 20
B 15
6
ID. Henry
|l>pnhart .
iGaJbralth
IGlover ...
Evans ...
MrKonna
I Moody ...
Mattier .
. 20 40
6 7
. 3 6
. 5-2 E-2
. 12 15
. 15 25
. 8-5 S-5
• •
Str.
Fin.
v Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
_ I 4
i
i.' 3...
1 '
1U
•3*
12
2 h
1 1
2 n
]x.; Hiii
IT.; Walsh
8 8
3 S
...107)
i«
3 4
iTllorpe ..;
i 3 i"2
21
7 M
4 1
5 1
? n
!J. ; Daly...
iGluver
6-2 7-2
10 10
-.IT--.
r'.H
If!
el*
AS
mo,
:!4or
; Tr
srnes
«...
...ii'r
.T.IOT
...lor:
...107
... ss
...107
5
1
9 1
10
81*
10
1
© i
C 2
S 2
72
9 3
10
6 2
7 1
8 2
9 3
10
uiiiver
iMi>rse
iJe^ikins
iViUltoe
H.nry
H.. Stuart
IS 25
4 g
8 :o
12 25
6 8
idn. Horse. Ag>
r.ss M»rry Br*\
r.«^ White Fern.
.'.«? Fintr. 8
r'2 R«<-iv»n. 4..
594 Al>nna. 8..
*.70> F"&oa'l«». 4...
¦tfrt Silver Tall,
4«t E»=pionajr«». 4
t...
i. 3.
V."
4...
Weight. iRt.
lftSJ 6
; 106! 3
105 1
102 i 7
8S 4
109! 3
if>»; ?
K»l 3.
lO2| 5
3 Vi
5 h
m
2 1 4
4 fi
6 '.4
- : 9.- :¦
5 1
4 V 3V 3
5 'j
1 H
2 h
8 Vi
6 J'i
8 'i
9
2 1
4 4
3 H
6 2
1 1
5 2
72
« 1
Str.
1 5
4 1
3 Vi
5 1
2 '4
6 3
T 1
S 2
9
1 3
2 ns
3 ns
4 ns
5 H
6 2
7 2
8 8
9
Jockeys.
Thorpe
E. Jones...
Vlttltop ...
M. Bcrgen.
J. Martin..
Ruiz
Jenkins ...
J. Walsh...
N. Hill
Bettint.
Op. Cl.
. 4 11-2
?8 9
.. 4 S-2
. 19 12
6.7
. 8 9
..6 5
.. 15 20
3 10Will Live in Pasadena.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— Phil Armour,
the Chicago millionaire packer, is at Pas
adena and has announced that he will
make his future home there. lie is nego
tiating t for a residence. Phil Armour Jr.
left Chicago to-day In a special car with
% V.^ vty , of fl fteen guests rpr Southern
California.
England's Armored Trains.
The magnificent armored trains used by Eng
land In her war with the Boers will transport
her troops, protect bridges and teregraphle
communications In about .the same way th.it
Hostetter's Stomach Eltters drives dyspepsia
from the human stomach and then mounts
guard that it does not return. The Bitters
has won In every case of indigestion, bilious
ness, liver and kidney trouble for the past
fifty years. It Is Invaluable at all times.
Ctf\*T FOURTH RACE-Slx furlong*; sMling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
TiKif--';. ::*; H. :<vi: **. I:l«i. Fair Mart. Won handily. Second and third drivlne
Wlnnf-r. J. J. Mcran** b. R.. br Tammany-Helinfia. .. ;
fr'ii'r away tn a flying »tnrt. Sachem galloped. Remus has a bad lee. . '¦
f?08 rIrTH RACE-Slx furlongs; handicap; three-year-old» and upward; purse. J4CXX
Tirr.e--';. : ;vi: «-i, :<K'i: y. 1:1K Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner. George
VT. M!!!«>r's h. m., by Belv»><l»re-T..l!Z'>ttP.
St. oiithr*rt ran Timemaker into the grownd. Loving Cup away none too well.
Srratf-hed— Pard'.ne ir#. * ....
60*) PIXT« RACE-Selltng; three-j-ear-olds and upward; rur»e, $40(
_ Ti m *r •*, V>: H. :49i4; *i. 1:15. Good ptart. Won nm three driving. Winner, Kerr &
GouM s h. g., by Apache-Brook.
Cirrumfj^snr^s favored winner. Clarandn badly ridden. Juva thrown against fence on
far turn. Ol!s*an<jo cut down. Libertine broke down. .
Scrateh-d— Delecta 104. Rlcardo 103.
San Francisco Yacht Club.
A fair number of members of the San
Francisco Tacht Club attended last night
at a meeting in the Merchants' Exchange
for the purpose of electing a committee
to nominate candidates for officers for
the coming season. Tho following were
elected: Ex-Vice Commodore G. T. S.
M hite, George T. Campbell and Starr
Heeler. Each member present wrote out
a list of the nam^s of Uio men whom he
would like to see* elected to the various
offices to be filled and handed it to the
chairman of the nominating committee.
The nominating, commit tee will present a
ticket at the annual meeting next month.
MARBLE DISQUALIFIED.
Wins and Loses a Race on the New
Orleans Track.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 10.— Wet weath
er and a sloppy track cut down the at
tendance to-day. Dr. Walmsley, Sam
Fuller and Verify were the only winning
favorites. Marble finished first in the
steeplechase, but was disqualified for
running outside the flag after taking the
third Jump, and the race was given to
Van Brunt. Results:
Mile. Felling— Dr. Walmsley won, Lennep sec
ond, Tom Kinsley third. Time, 1:44.
Six furlor.RS— Sam Fuller won. El Caney eec
ond. Magic Light third. Time. 1:17.
Handicap, steeplechase, short course— Marble
finished first, but was disqualified: Van Brunt
won, Fred Perkins eecond, Alec Reeves third.
Time. 3:32.
Handicap, mile and a sixteenth—Compensa
tion won. Lackman second, Strangest third.
Time. 1:62.
Selling, six furlongs— Verify won. Agitator
second. Cathedral. third. Time, 1:13.
THINKS DIXON FAKED.
Politician's Befreshing Views Con
cerning the Fight.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— B. B. O'Dell,
chairman of the Republican State Com
mittee, declared positively to-day that the
Ilorton boxing law must bo repealed at
once.
"Have you become convinced that the
so-called boxing bouts are brutal?"
"Brutal? No. They are fakes. That
Is why I. think the Horton law should be
repealed. The flphts arc fixed before hand
and the spectators are humbugged. Take,
for Instance, the McGovern-Dixon fight at
the Broadway Athletic Club last night. 1
never; saw such a farce. There was not
a stage of the game when the negro could
not. have gone in and finished his man.
When I left the club I was satisfied that
the Horton law should be repealed lmme
diaiely.V.. ;v; v
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HIGH-CLASS I
SPECIALISTS.
DR. MEYER3 & CO. conduct th« lare- [
eat and best equipped medical Institution
and have the most extensive rructice la
th« world. They avoid th« us* of all min-
eral, poisonous or dangerous drugs and
electric belts. All their remedies ar» care-
fully compounded la tlielr private labor-
atory, without cost to their patients. f
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the only
specialists on the Pacific Coast who
cure diseases and weakness of men ¦
exclusively.
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
A SURE GUARANTEE. ¦
PATIENTS MAT DEPOSIT THB
price of a cure In any San Francisco
bank, to be paid only after they ar» well,
or may pay In monthly installments.
Prices reasonable. No other doctor* will
make such an offer.
HOME CJ/UES-FfIEE BOOK.
Thousand* cf men ar* cured at home }
every year. It you cannot rlslt San \
Francisco, write for free private book. ¦
advice, question list, etc. All corre-
spondence confidential. Xo rrlntlr.s on i
envelopes or packages to Indicate name
drTmeyers & co.,
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR. S
HOURS— Daily, 8 to 5. Evening 3. &
7 to 8. Sundays, 9 to 11.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
a £» i: :: suszz? :r. w.. tik?x area. J
\ fey The l*arg<>*t Anatomical Museum in the \
V Wo »"*. V.-e»kn«te» or *ny contracted A
tT yVZ afl disease pwmitlvrl^ tarod ny the oidm «r
£ SITSe CR " CJSEASES $
T8 M" f**.»»w Curt in every case uniiert.tken. W
AF U 11 %P Write for Book, PHILOfiUr BY »l A
V¦ a I' M«JIHM(;K, MAILiO FUEB. (Af
A d Cr valuable bcok fcr mm) \
f on Joßn.is*co.ra Market St.. 3. F. V
llllgDß. HALL'S HEINYIGGRATOR
j££j J&^tj Five hundred rewarU for any
Hi ta ** we cannot cura. Tfcl* necret
4-^ m—** rem * d ? "ops all losses la «*
[s£| WJS3 Ihours1 hours - c " r^» Emisalona. Impn-
Hffl ftPiS Cleet! F*? COCe strlcti^» 10rrbO '*'
||£2r-jsKsn Maohpcd and all Va!u"«c efTecf*
" — ' °* s^lff-abuse or exces«A« «^-i»
waled. O bottle: 3 bottles. |5; "uar^Ueed ti
STITTFIK. &> Broadway Oakland, r-i! **«.
tor .at. at W7SH Market .Cs. F. All prtvati
diseases quickly cured. Send tor irw irSL
A. de LUZE
& FiLS,
BORDEAUX, FRANCE.
FINEST
CLARETS
— AN*l> »—
SAUTERNES.
CHARLES afEIXECJCB & CO,
AOEIvTB. ::* 6acr&ccesto fit.- & F.. CaX,
£*f\SZ. SECOND RACK— MiIe and a quarter; hurdle; handicap; three-year-olds and up-
OvftJ* ward: nurse. HO I }.
•Coupled with Monita.
Tlmo— 1:1*. <^ond rtart. Won easily. Eecond and third driving. 'Winner, W. P Flne'i
eh. s., by Red Iron-lily W.
Lomo fenced well. Monita ran a swell race. Too murh weight on Grander. Rossmore
was moving »P when he fell.
Scratched— Sardonic 117, J O C 127.
r*f\A FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and uptv.vrd; purse. $100.
T irnf _t; # : ;4ij, : 4, :43Vi; ?i. 1:14%. Gocd start. \V«n flrst three irlvlnjr. Winner. C.
Reed's b. ni.. by Housatonlc-Abble Hunt.
TVlr.ner was toutoii as a Rood thing. March Eev?n enjoyed an awakening. Miss SoaJc
etorr^d. P F poorly handled. -:.*.,•,
Scratched— The OfTt-rins 103.
MYSTERIOUS RAILWAY
CONSTRUCTION IN IDAHO
New Road That, It Is Believed, Will
Form Part of the Vanderbilt
System.
MINNEAPOLIS. Jan. 10.— A special
from Lewlston, Idaho, says: "The Pacific
and Idaho Northern Railway, now being
built from Welser, in the southern part
of the State, north to Seven Devils, is the
most mysterious piece of railroad build
ing in the country. It begins nowhere
and ends nowhere. Yet over 100 miles of
the finest roadbed have been built and
cash is paid for everything and only the
best material is purchased. No one knows
who Is furnishing the cash or why the
road ia being built. It is believed, how
ever, to be the Vanderbilt connecting link
between the East and West.
"The Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company Is to build seventy-seven miles
from Riparia to Lewiston, and eventually
this piece of road will connect the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company with
the Oregon Short Line. This will make It
possible to start a car at New York City
and pull it to Portland, Or., on tracks
owned by tho Vanderbllts. The new road
will come down the Salmon to the Snake,
and then to Lowlston. Then the Vander
bilt system will have water grades
through the mountains and to the sea."
LADY ALICE MONTAGUE
DIES OF CONSUMPTION
Contracted the Dread Malady as the
Result of an Attack of
Influenza.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Lady Alice Mon
tague, sister of the Duke of Manchester,
died to-day at Davos-Platz, a health re
sort in Switzerland. She had been long an
Invalid, and a few weeks since her condi
tion became so serious that her relatives,
including her brother, who was then in
America, were summoned to her bedside.
Lady Alice Montague was one of the
twin daughters of the Duchess of Man
chester, formerly Miss Consuelo Yznaga
of New York. Lady Alice's sister died In
Rome three years ago. Lady Alice was a
victim of consumption following an at
tack of influenza and was taken from
England a few weeks ago to Davos-Platz
in the hopes of prolonging her life. She
was 20 years old.
GALES AND WRECKS
ON THE FRENCH COAST
Number of Small Vessels Are Lost,
Going Down With Their Crews
Aboard.
PARIS, Jan. 10.— Heavy gales are blow
ing along the entire French coast and a
number of small vessels with their crews
have been lost, although several lifeboat
rescues are reported.
A fishing boat foundered off Boulogne
sur-Mer, nine of the crew perishing. The
bark Jeanne Eugenic bank near Cher
bourg and five persons were drowned.
Heavy weather Is reported from all Med
iterranean ports.
DR. McGLYNN'S FUNERAL.
Archbishop Corrigan Officiates at the
Services.
NEWBURG, N. V., Jan. 10.— Th© fun
eral of Dr. Edward McGlynn was held to
day in St. Mary's Church, which was
crowded to the doors. The services were
presided over by Archbishop Corrigan.
Occupying seats In the church were all
the Protestant clergymen of the city, who
had been specially invited to attend the
services. The city officials were present
by invitation.
The chanting of the service of the dead
was first in the order of the services.
Then a solemn requiem mass was cele
brated, the choir singing Dreschler's
march. Dr. Richard T. Burtscll delivered
a eulogy and the service was concluded
by singing and the pronouncing of abso
lution by the Archbishop. After the ser
vices the body was viewed by the people
and was then borne to the station, where
the coffin was put aboard the train for
New York.
STARVING IN CUBA.
American Colonists Without Even
the Necessaries of Life.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— A sad story of a
large number of distressed and homesick
Americans who became Interested In a
settlement at La Gloria, in the province
of Puerto Principe, was told to-day by
Robert Hall, a St. Joseph, Mo., business
man, who arrived to-day on the steamer
Olinda from Cuba. He dwelt upon the
little employment obtainable and said
that many were suffering from lack of the
ordinary necessities of life. Many have
not the mean." to purchase passage back
to the United States.
End of a Romance.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— A suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Mrs. Stephen
D. Mott against Stephen D. Mott of this
city," son of T. D. Mott, a capitalist. The
plaintiff was formerly Daisy Hupp, an
actress, and the couple eloped two year 3
ago and were married, much against the
wishes cf young Mctt's parents. The
ground upon which the application 13 made
is desertion. • .
Smith Succeeds Lowndes.
ANNAPOLIS; lid., Jan. 10.— At noon to
day Lloyd Lowndes, for four years the
Republican Governor of Maryland, sur
rendered the executive chair to John Wal
ter Smith, his Democratic successor.
Thousands of Democrats from all parts of
the State participated in the ceremonies.
OVERCOME BY SMOKE.
Firemen ITarrowly Escape Death ttt
a Burning Building.
NEW YORK. Jan. ID.— During a flra
which to-day burned a flve-story building
occupied by bowling alleys and a gymna
sium at. 30$ to 310 W e3t Fifty-ninth street.
three engine company crews, who re
sponded to the first alarm, were, with few
exceptions, overcome by the smoke,
though nearly all of the men returned to
work. Many had to be dragged out or
the smoking apartments. Charles Netze!
of engine 23 breathed flames and was tha
most seriously affected. Altogether about
forty men were overcome by the dens'S
emoke from the pine boards of tha bowl
ing alley.
The flames broke out again. Th© fire
men who were endeavoring to locats tha
fire were overcome so quickly that soon
the sidewalks were filled with uncon
scious men. over whom physicians wera
working. Fifteen failed to revive and
were sent to hospitals. The fire mad*
rapid headway and the smoke was dense*.
Six feet of water had collected in tha
cellar, and there was a rumor that one
fireman had been overcome and drowned.
The loss en the building 1 was $50,000. Dr.
Watson Savage, physical director of Co
lumbia University had a gymnasium oa
the fourth and firth floors.
Fruit-Growers Will Organize
SAN JOSE, Jan. 11— The convention off
fruit growers, which 13 to b© held here
on the 13th and ISth of this month, prom
ises to accomplish something definite.
The fruit growers of all districts of tht*
county have organized and have selected,
delegates. Word from other counttf3
tells of large delegations. The prime 'oIV
Ject originally wa3 to organize the pitm*
growers Into a combine. Now all decidu
ous fruit growers are interested 'and.' an-,
effort will be made to organize all such
growers north of Tehachapi Mountains Ir»
to a body something like that of .th&
raisin growers of Fresno and ortins*
growers of Southern California.
Tannery Burned.
Special IMypatch to The Call.
NAPA. Jan. 10.— IT. M. Cropley's tannery
was destroyed by fire this mornlnff at 1
o'clock- Mr. Cropley says that his losa Is
$2500. There was no insurance on tho
property, as It had run out about three
weeks ago.
Railroad Opened.
LOS AJCGELES. Jan. 10.— The four-mllo
spur of tho Santa Fe, between RlchfleM
and Olinda, in Orange County, which,
taps the Brea Canyon oil fields, was open
ed to-day.
GERMAN LINER
SLIPS INTO OCEAN
Deutschland Launched
at Vulcan Yards.
STETTIN. Jan. 10.— The Hamburg-
American line steamer Deutschland was
successfully launched at the Vulcan dock
yard to-day in the presence of Emperor
William and many notable people. The
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count yon
Bulow. christened the vessel. In his
speech Count yon Bulow dwelt on the
powerful development of the Hamburg-
American line, which, he said, with the
North-German Lloyd had during half a
century grown to be the greatest ship
ping company in the world. The new
ship to-day added to their fleet, he added.
was to run on that high road of North
Atlantic traffic which connected with Ger
many a friendly nation— the United
States. The ship had been built at the
Vulcan dock yard, which began Its career
in as modest a way as the hamburg-
Amerlcan line and now provides foreign
navies with every type of ship. The
Deutschland was intended to be the most
powerful ship In the world and to surpass
in speed all vessels afloat.
Germany's present transoceanic policy
and world policy necessarily resulted from
her economic growth. Germany felt more
and more that a nation which allowed
Itself to be pushed from the sea would
stand aloof from the busy life of the
¦world. Germany, which long had ceased
to be an inland* country in the heart of
Europe and which had also become com
mercially a world power in the front rank
of rivalry, must also be strong enough on
the sea to guarantee everywhere German
peace, German honor and German pros
perity.
After breaking a bottle of champagne
across the steamer's bows Count yon Bu
low said: "God bless and protect this
ship. Protect the friendship and com
merce between us and the United States."
The Minister then called for cheer 3 for
the "leader of the nation — the Emperor."
WHITESIDE YET
ON THE STAND
Clark's Counsel Will Try
to Impeach Him.
?
> WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— The Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
held only one session in its hearing of the
Clark Senatorial election case to-day. Ex-
State Senator Whlteside of Montana wa?
the only witness. It was the fourth day
of the examination.
When the committee adjourned at noon
Faulkner announced that he had for the
present concluded the cross-examination
of Whiteside, but that he would ask for
his recall later in order to propound cer
tain questions which he was not yet ready
to put and upon which he would under
take to impeach his testimony. Campbell,
representing the anti-Clark petitioners,
said that he wished to ask a few more
questions en re-direct examination, and
on this account it is expected that White
side will be on the etand when the hear
ir.* is resumed to-morrow.
Ex-Senator Faulkner's efforts to-day
were directed toward entagling White
side upon dates and : exact statements
made as to the transactions in connection
with Clark's election to the Senate, and
he went fully into the deposit of money
by him. Faulkner brought out the fact
that of the men to whom the •witness
knew cf his own personal knowledge
money had been paid, only two had sub
sequently voted for Ciark, and that there
was no clear understanding as to the full
transaction with those two.
Whitetlde closed with the renewal cf
his declaration that he believed himself
to be serving the State of Montana in his
present course and a review of the use
of money in State affairs which had in
cited him to it.
B0XING CLUB PAYS
THE HIGH LICENSE
The Columbia Athletic Club officials are
the first to observe the new law requir
ing the payment of a $1000 license. The
fee was paid yesterday and the club will
hold its first exhibition to-night. Here
after it will promote two amateur tourna
ments—one where the principals are pro
fessionals — each month. Negotiations are
being- made for "Kid" Parker to meet
shortly some aspiring lightweight before
the c!ub.
The principal event on the programme
to-nisht is the 10-round bout between
Charles Rochette and "Doc" Flynn. This
is a bout of more than ordinary promise,
as both men have done well in the ring.
The S-round preliminaries will be between
William Condon and William Perry;
Charles Johnson and Jack Sullivan: Wil
liam Lundv and Charles Trost; "Kid"
Dobson and Ed Wiley. The bouts will be
held in the gymnasium of the club, 2S
Golden. Gate avenue.
Jack O'Brien and Al Neill will meet for
the second time about February 9. The
delay In the signing of articles is over the
selection of a referee, who is to be named
in the articles of agreement. Jack Welch
will probably be the man selected.
Struck by a Train
Sp/^ial Dispatch to Th« Call.
COLFAX, Jan. 10.— Mrs. Perry B. Schell
was struck by eastbound passenger train
No. 4 this evening at Blue Canyon while
trying to cross the track ahead of the
train with her two-year-old babe in her
arms. Her left foot was cut off at the
ankle and she was badly injured about
the head. The baby was thrown from its
mother's arms, but is uninjured. The in
jured lady is bting taken to Sacramento
on the delayed overland. Mrs. Schell is
TANFORAN
WINNERS A
MOTLEY LOT
Jockey Bill at J5O to J, and
, Lomo, a 40 to J Shot,
Among; Them.
Jockey Bill, a five-year-old gelding
named after Willie Martin, the noted
rider, captured the last race on the card
at Tanforan yesterday, with the enor
mous price of 250 to 1 laid against him In a
couple of the books. The prevailing odds
though were 150 to 1, and quite a number
of sheets were spoiled by the block man
accepting small wagers on the outsider.
Ridden by Kiley, he alternated with
Clarando in cutting out the pace, finally
beating out Caesar Young's horse a
length. Glissando, the favorite, was cut
down and old Libertine pulled up on three
legs.
11l luck trailed the favorites from the
outset, Grand Sachem being the only
choice to earn a pair of brackets. One
dollar parleyed on the six winners would
have netted the fortunate investor Jj.o*".
396—providing he could have placed the
A widely circulated tip on Wild Het to
win the rirst event proved a good one.
The mare, with Nate Hill in the saddle,
was quoted at S to 1, and. in front from
the start, breasted the tape a length
ahead of March Seven. Charles Le Bel,
equal favorite with Miss Soak, ran third.
A bad accident, in which Jockey Mat
tier, who rode Rossmore, was seriously
injured, marred the hurdle number. Lomo,
a 40 to 1 shot, won easily from Monita.
At the last jump, the favorite. Rio Cnico,
fell. On taking the fourth jump, Ross
more fell heavily on Mattier. anu he was
carried to the hospital in an almost un
conscious condition.
Ping was backed down to favoritism to
annex the third purse at a mile. Leading
for half the distance he tired, finishing
third. Merry Boy drew away from the
bunch In the stretch, winning in a gallop
from White Fern.
Two Montana-bred horses fought it out
in the six furlong sprint following. Cro
ker, on which there was a very heavy
play, went out in the .lead with a fine
showing of speed, but could not stay, fall
ing easy prey to the favorite. Grand Sa
chem, nicely ridden by T. Walsh.
The smart ones fell heavily over the de
feat of Timemaker in the six furlong purse
run, fifth to be decided. The Schorr
sprinter received extensive backing at
odds of 7 to 5, even though asked to han
dle 120 pounds. Hooking up with St. Cuth
bert the pair breezed away at a heart
breaking clip to the stretch, where St.
Cuthbert snapped. Thorpe then came
along with Loving Cup and, ridden out,
the filly downed the favorite over a
length in 1:13^.
Track Notes
: Efforts are being made by certain mem
bers of the Western Turf Association x.o
: smooth over the unfortunate Corrigan
: Milroy incident without a public apology
being tendered the California Jockey
Club for the insult received by its secre
tary. Those Intimately acquainted with
i Thomas H. Williams Jr., president of tho
Oakland track, and familiar with his love
for justice in all matters pertaining to the
turf predict such a thing to be an impossi
bility. The matter will receive further
GROWERS ASKED
TO FIGHT TREATIES
Appeal of League of
Domestic Producers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHirAGO. Jan. 10.— An appeal to the ag
ricultural Interests of California In par
ticular and the Pacific Coast in general
has been prepared by the League of Do
mestic Producers. This organization is a
coalition of the growers .of sugar beets
and sugar cane and manufacturers of su
gar th*resrora; growers of tobacco and
cigar-makt-rs; producers of semi-tropic
and other fruits, vegetables, wool, cotton,
rice and riots. Its purpose is to defeat the
admission of produce from the tropics
or from South America at lower tariff
rates or f r< c cf all duties. The organiza
tion was effected at Omaha December S
and claims to have 6ir.ee affiliated with
it nearly all the associations of producers
ar.d manufacturers in the interests re
ferred to, embracing upward of three mil
lion voters. The statement issued to-day
is signed by Herbert Myrick, chairman of
the league, widely known among agricul
turists as the editor of the Orange Judd
Farmer, Chicago, and also the American
Agriculturist. New York. The document
follow,:
We, th« Le&rJe rf Domestic Producers, ap
peal to our fellow producers in California to
rise up In their might ag-air.st the instant dan-
Ctr that now threatens. The pending treaty of
rec'i>rf>c'.ty with France Is full of mischief for
California's (trtat ¦wise industry, as you know
t*tt.-r than wo. Th<> r* n 'i lne treaties of reci
procity wlib the British West Indies and Brit
ish Guiana, would admit into th*^ market from
those emotions of trrpical product: venefs and
cheap labor sugar, Ifctncr.e, crar.pea and other
proiucta at jrr«>at!y reducea duties, which
would seriously injure hcrno markets for the
•air.c articles as produced in California. The
pro&osod free admission of Porto Kican produce
Ir but the first tup toward the fr^e admission
of eugar. fruits, tobarco, etc.. from the Philip
rines. and er<? long from tViba. That such a
policy would ruin the mo*t profitable agricul
tural ir.Justrses cf California Roes without say
ing. On top of all this comes a treaty of reci
procity with Argentina, wberefey hides, sugar
•nd wool ir.ay be Imported from that country
Jnto the UnitnJ States at 20 J>er c^nt reduction
in duties. Arcentir.a v one of the greatest
sheep-wool countries on earth. It has nearly
lour time* as niar.y gherp as the Unit«d States
produces end neariy twice as much wool. Its
*-xj<nne of woo! in ISS7 were G2.OHMXM rounds,
rearly four time? as ir.uch as the. total wool
Import? in the United States for the rast year
anri twice the total production ef. the United
States. .
. . Frenucne-half to rwo-thlrds of all the foreign
wool ' etxeriKg .this country .comes under class
a., coarse' wool, so .that any such tariff favors
shown Argentir.a- would enormously stimulate
dirert teport* from liiat country to the great
detriment not only of our coarse wool sections.
like Arfc^na. Sew Mexico, Colorado, Oklahoma,
but also California* Oregon and Washington.
The excuse fcr the treaty Is that • Argentina
«or»!t are mostly carpel prade. but ten years
e*o tfce...Dep»rtsu>zu of- Agriculture pointed out
that "There. Is no question of the possible pro
duction In the. United States of carpet wools in
ample variety.". True now as then. We, there
fore, Appeal to the preat agricultural Interests
cf th* --.PattSc Coast. : especially to th« fruit
RTomers -a.nii wool prowers, to uojte Ja a strong
pretest to Congress against the proposed sacri
fice' of tfarlr.. Interests and also the sacrifice of
similar Interest ss fn. near!y-«very state and Ter
ritory In the Ur.jon. •We a*k the fruit, wool,
beet EUfar an.4 s^mjlar. interests to send r<so
lutions. ;petttUr.s .and letters to their respective
tvwrtors ar.d Representatives m every legiti
ta»!* way t'» **e.rad the efforts cf the League
rf Domestic Producers to. ward off this danger.
Tlji* policy advocated by the league will tn no
wi.^e interfere with the larjrest possible expan
..*>ic>Ti without any secrlfio^ of cur vast deme^tie
-egrirulturaJ interests upon which national pros
perity d.'j,»r),!«.
HERBEST MYRICK, Chairman.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judge.
J. F. CAI.DWELL- Starter.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1900. br H. H. Kebert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Wednesday, January 10, 19OO.—Thirty
fourth day of the "Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association.
Weather fine. Track fast.
SAYS A TRAMP SHOT
HIS LITTLE SISTER
Peculiar Stcry of an Injury to a
Tour-Year-Old Girl Near
¦Prerts.l. Dispatch to The Call.
£AN r JOSE. Jan. 10.— The shooting of a
four-year-old pirl by a tramp in Monte
bello district, six miles southwest of Cu
pertino, was reported to Sheriff Lanpford
to-day. There is considerable mystery
surrounding the affair, and the story of
the tramp doing the act is not believed.
She Mas probplily injured accidentally by
*. brother playing with a revolver cr re
ceived a stray bullet during a row be
tween some of the Italian residents cf the
neighborhood.
The child is Louise Carr.o, daughter of
John Carno. an Italian laborer working
on. the Sp*-queta ranch on Sterens Creek..
According to the svry of Louis Carno.
her 14-year-old brother, he and h's sister
end other children were a.lone in the
house Monday morning about fc o'clock.
His fathrr was at worK four miles away
and his mother in this city. A tramp
carrying a roll of blankets came to the
house and asked for something to eat.
The boy sr.id they had nothing- to eat. The
tramp laid down his blankets and, puiied
out a big revolver, spying ho would have
something to cat. Louis then said he
would csk his father, w hereupon the
tramp shot the little girl, ths bullet pass-
Ing through the back Ceshy part of the
left thigh and lodging in the right thigh.
The boy said the tramp then fled. When
the father returned in the evening the boy
reported th>- shooting, but no attention
was paid to the matter till yesterday aft
ernoon, when it was reported to Constable
ilartln r.t Mountain View. The boy gives
a Fom« -what vague description of the man.
Fred Houp. an insane woodchopper, ar
rested here last night, answered the de
scription. He had been working in that
vicinity, but the boy stated positively he
was not the man.
Th«- uttle girl was brought to town to
day for treatment by Dr. Filipello, who
extracted the bullet from the left thigh
The physician is of the opinion that the
wound was made a couple of week* ago
The child will rirobajaly recover.
Sheriff Landlord is investigating: the
shooting.
COLOMBIA'S INSURRECTION
Revolutionists Uniformly Successful
in the Interior. ,
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Jan. 10.—Colom
bian advices announce that tho revolution
In that rApijhhr i«= rhiroiifchly or«caniz»d
and uniformly rocceasfol In the interior
All th*> Government r^Rl stance is r*tr<»at
injr toward tho capital, whence com* fur
ther and j>frf.i.s:«-nt reporta -if t^.e doaTh
of Presidect San OlTn'-nte and of pojltlcal
disputes. Th^ rfn^nrship is so rigid and
direct communication with th« coast so
interrcptpd that no auth«>ntlc details
concerning tl^p artu3l fituailon can 1>p
obtained. BuFiroFS. corjrffiH'-ntly. is par
i!yr«>d along th* cc>a*t. The r<*pr>rtf< ad«l
that the inrr-.r pints' sud.5»«n a<w»j*5ion of
errftngnh is du» to thn receipt of rcin
fcrofmfr.tp aod arms through Vfnfzueln.
ENTRIES
FOR THE
OCCIDENT
Ninety-Four Youngsters Listed
in the State Fair Stake
for 1902.
— — — « — -V;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.— The Occident
stake of the State Agricultural Society fur
1902 has closed with ninety-four entries,
the largest in the twenty years' history
of this famous stake. Secretary Shields
said to Th.c Call correspondent to-day that
the list denoted the great interest now
being taken in the breeding of fine horsoa,
and that it augured wei; for the succetjs
of the forthcoming State Fair. The
horses In the Occident stake come from all
parts of the State, and there are more
individual owners and leßs blocks of en
tries from stud farms than on previous
years.
There will be four payments on the en
tries, and they will aggregate $8000. Count
ing on the usual losses and removals,
there should be enough horses on the list
at the final payment to make the stake
$4000, which will be one of the largest ever
trotted for in the West.
The list of entries is as follows:
S. f. Carlta by Direct Prince-Bessie Wilkes,
b. t. Ojala by Prince Airlie-Llndale, Juan Gal
legos; s. f. by Lynmont-Molley, b. h. by Lyn
mont-Elmorene b. h. by Altamont-Balance All,
b. h. by Wallsteln-Daisy, D. E. Knight; eh.
C General Washington by George Washington-
Venus, Thomas Smith; Dewey by Alta
mont-Oakville Maid, John Lutgen; b. f. by
Nushagak-Woodflower. br. c. by Nushagak-
Addie YV, b. c. by Nushagak-Nosegay, b. f.
by Prince Ansel-Chamois. Alexander Brown;
s. f. Maggie N by Hambletonlan Wllkea-Anna
Belle. R. I Moorhea.l; eh. c. Admiral Dewey
by Boodle Jr.-Isabelle. J. D. Carr; b. c. 121
Dorado by Falrose-Maud, A. C. Stevens; br.
f. Frau Kruger by Zombro-Blanche, Mrs.
Thomas Coulter- b c. by James Madison-
Ituna. b. f. by Charles Derby-Pippa. b. c. by
Charles Derby-Economy, blk. c. by Charles
Derby-Empress, br. f. by Charles Derby-
Coquette. Oakwood Park Stock Farm; eh. c.
Montle by Monterey Amigo-Hazel, Silvio Com
isto; br. c. by Waldstein-Daughter of Grand
Moor. W. ¦F. Snyder; b. f. Martha Washing
ton by George Washington-Daughter of Henry
Clay. James S. Taylor; blk. f. Wegrlta by
Direct Prince-Qulen Sabe. Juan Gallegos; b. c.
Prince Elect by Electus-Sealia McC, D. S.
Matthews; b. f. Amlet by Arthur Wilkes-
Amlet, C. A. Keefer; b. c Don 7t by Stam B-
Lotta H. J. M. Hackett; b. c. McPher
son by McKlnney-Evaline, W. H. Lumsden;
b. c. Jubilee by Wilkes' Direct-Nettle G, Mrs.
S. V. Bartsow; c. Edran by Teheran-Edna W,
f. Raymollta by Teheran-Ramona, f. lisa by
Ilderim-Perfection, James W. Mlnturn; br. f.
by Dave Ryan-Rosie Lee, Dr. A. M. McCollum;
b. c. Harry B by George Washington-May Girl,
Harry Burke; b. m. Ruble by Altamont-Ruby,
blk. c. Prince Rio by Alta Rio-Belle. J. B.
Iverson: blk. Donnatus by Electus-Whlppa
dona, D. S. Matthews; b. f. La Belle by Alta
mont-Alico Belle, I. L. Borden; b. s. Cuate by
McKinney-Mlss Jessie. Charles Durfee: eh. c.
by Neernut-Bess. George W. Ford: b. f. Bell
one by Falone-Haopy Belle, J. J. McGrath;
br. c. Moscow by Zombro-Belle Medium, b. c.
Frank Bates by Stam B-Grace C. Tuttle Eros.;
b. f. Oakland Maid by McKlnney-Lady C.
J. Doran; b. f. Etta Wood by Boxwood-Etta.
H. P. Moore: br. c. by Bay Rose- Athenian,
br. c. by L. W. Rujsell-Bltcara. hlk. f. by L.
W. Russell-Flora Allen, br. c. by Diablo-Hazel
Me. b. f. Vallotta-Molly Allen, eh. c. by Sid-,
ney Dlllon-Par.sy. Santa Rosa stock farm; b.
c. Farnwood by McKtnney-Lucy Shaw, W. J.
Dlneee; Cupid and Altivo. A. B. Spreckels;
b. Uarda by Falrose-Vlrglnia. C. R. Harring
ton: br. c. by Silver Bow-Kitty Fox. George
H Fox; b. f. Llbby Zanos by Zombro-Lizzy
Monaco. C. M. Cline; b. f. Zombrozette by
Zombro. daughter of Silver Bow. L. H. Tod
huntcr: b. c. by Bay Bird-Hilda. Rancho del
Paso; b.c. by Knight-Alaf=kpna.b.f. by Bay Bird-
Rosemary, eh. c. by Knight dam by Antevolo,
b. c. by Bay Bird dam hy Albert W, b. f. by
Knight-Young Lady Washington, b. c. by
Bay Bird-Violet, b. c. by Bay Bird dam by Al
bert W. eh. f. by Knlght-Charls. eh. f. by
Knight-Honeysuckle, b. c. by Bay Bird dam by
Albert W. Rancho del Paso; f. The Mascot by
Iran Alta-Linda Oak. Vendome Stock Farm:
b. o- by Meridian-Paulina, A. F. Hamilton; p. f.
by Welcome-Fennella, b. f. by Welcome-Elle
nor, b. f. by Weleome-Edwina. b. or br. f. by
Welcome-Hybla. 11. W. Meek: b. c. Rosemoor
by Azmoor-Rosemont, br. f. Anselma by Altivo-
Anselma, br. f. Wilowena by Wildnut-Rowena,
br. f. Altivoea by Altive-Mary Oeborne, Palo
Alto Stock Farm: br. f. Miss Georcle by Mc-
Klnney-Georgle B, b. c. Mixer by Nutwood
Wilkes-Lou G, Nutwood Stock Farm; b. c. by
Silver Arrow-Pure Love, R. D. Fox; blk. f.
My Emily by McKinney-Adellne Patti. Rudolph
Jordan Jr. : br. f . May Mont by McKlnney-Mc-
Mlnvllle Maid, A. T. Van de Vanter; b. f. by
Cock Robin-Mabel, F. D. McGregor; br. f. Hon
olulu Maid by Kentucky Baron-Mignonette, F.
L. Duncan: dn. ¦ c. Edward by Bays water
Winces-Marguerite, S. H. Hoy; b. c. Zomola by
Zombro-Klttle Baker, George T. Becker; br. f.
Minnie . Talmadge by Kalght-Hoodo, Edward
Plckett.
airing before the Tanforan stewards this
evening.
When Mattier was carried to the pad
dock after his fall from Rossmore blood
was gushing from his nose and ears. The
track physician stated it would be impos
sible to state- whether or not the unfortu
nate rider had suffered a fracture of the
skull until to-day.
Entries for To-Day.
First race — Five and a r«alf furlongs; maiden
three-year-olds and upwa'jd; selling.
ESB Miss Vera 91 KB First Shot 86
597 Favorita 93 'M Tom Sharkey.... 93
53S Coming Event... 91 :«»1 Semlramide 107
6&6 Cymona 103 I*lB Beautiful 8i11... 96
... TJterpe 103 :J.6 Miss Reel 103
... Jazabel 1071 ifcO Morella 91
RQS Uppercrust 91 f^ 8 Goldnnder 83
EB7 Redwald 96 j iji6 Pelecta 103
Second race— One mile; telling; four-year-olds
and upward. ?
583 Indra 114 W7 Ladaea 114
6/)2 Tom Cromwell. .ll4 t$S Tom Calvert....H2
697 Collins ?121 <»)0 Greyhurst 11l
Third race— One mile a;id a quarter; three
year-olds and upward; sewllns.
R3S Meadowthorpe ,in9| &\ Forte 109
593 Dr. Marks 103! f-j Dr Bernays 106
591 Chlmura 102;
Fourth race—On* mile; three-year-olds; San
Bruno stakes; $1200.
601 Tar Hill 107 138 Onstellator 97
694 Sunello 100 (4«"4)AnJou 115
646 Bee Be* 112 »j:S Hind. Prinress..loo
E54 Erwin 110!<5*T)Nance O'Neil 92
S3 Bathos 113: 5&4 S. Dannenbaum.los
676 F. W. -Brode lftSj 6T6 Advance Guard. ll7
57<> Bogus Bill IOOi 3?9 Mortgage 104
5*5 Limerick 101 (St9)The Lady 109
(594)Wallenstein 109 478 Dlomed 107
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward.
601 Bannockburn ...101' 6CS Imp. Mistral ll. ing
C67)Malay in6 l 542 Rosormonde 109
Sixth raoe— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
565 Tizona 91] 5*4 Antoinette .. ?7
292 Kitty Kelly 55 596 Mocorlto 113
564 Rosalbra ........110 581 Ml»s Marion 104
555 Chotcau ...v 92 ...Orion 109
COl Storm King 112 5."« Gusto 100
670 Whltcomb 107; SSI Jingle Jingle. ...in*
(. r .So)Genua 104 S T.PZ Taruha 10S
588 Summer 82 ! 571 Ben Led! 102
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Redwald, First Shot. Miss Reel.
Second race— Tom Cromwell, Indra, Ladaea.
Third race— Forte, Dr. Bi>rnars, Chlmura.
Fourth race— Bathos, Erwin, Tar Hill.
Fifth race— Bannockburn, Rosormonde, Ma
lay.
Sixth race— Mocorlto, Mlfs Marlon, Ben Ledl.
BAD BOY IS
BEATEN BY
ROYAL ANNE
Clever Running in Midweek
Reserve Stake at Union
Coursing Park.
Pasha kennels' blue greyhound Royal
Anne ran cleverly and truly yesterday at
Union Coursing Park, winning the mid
week stake. The daughter of Firm
Friend and Valley Queen is only in the
puppy class, but she ran like a champion,
allowing her six opponents to score only
two points against her. Lady Marion
scored one of these and McKinley the
other. Lady Davenport, Athena, Vanity
Fair and Bad Boy were retired pointless.
Bad Boy was Koyal Anne's opponent in
the final and the pair proved equally
matched. They ran stride for stride until
nearing the hare, when Koyal Anne drew
out and scored the first turn by a length.
She never relinquished this advantage un
til she killed.
The running throughout the day was
sharp and snappy, none of tha courses be
ing sever© on the dogs, while in some in
stances they ran up and killed quickly.
The most notable upset of the day was
the defeat of. Controller by Iron Duke.
The former led up by four lengths, and
when he pressed the hare it turned back
to Iron Duke. He was after it quickly
and scored a turn and killed before Con
troller was again on the gams.
Mocorita and Wait a Bit were so evenly
matched they ran two undecided courses
before the lormer finally won. The re
sults of the running, with the oilicial
scores, follow:
George Sharman's Walt a Bit beat J. K&fr
nan's Koyal Oak, s-6; S. McCullough's Moco
rita bes.t H. Weber's Montana, 6-2; Curtis &
Son's Vanity Fair beat Maher & KeiJ's Single
ton, 7-1; Maher & Keid's Nellie Bawn beat U.
Miehalek's Joker, 7-4; Erwin & Lyons' Silver
Wings beat Curtis & Son's Echo, 4-1; J. Mc-
Enroes Nor*west beat C. Wiley's Gaslight, 4-1:
Jeff Martenefs Bernal Boy beat Thomas
Nevin's Nellie N, 6-0; T. J. Cronin's Iron Duke
beat J. H. Perigo's Controller, 5-2; J. Keenan's
Blacklcck beat S. Mahoney's Blue Violet, 7-0;
J. H. Ferigo's Lady Davenport beat Gus Aber
crombie's .Miss Richmond. 9-2; Curtis & Son's
MeKln!ey beat J. Neary's Touchepas, 28-3;
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne beat W. H. Jones'
Lady Marian. S-l; E. Baumelster's Winning
Ways beat J. Ronning's Dempeey Lass, 3-1; S.
Mahoney's Chief of the Hill beat O. J. Olson's
Sunburst. 4-2; F. Patterson's Fire Queen beat
Lande & Gerber's Concord, 3-1: Aeneid Ken
nels' Athena beat Erwin & Lyon's Silver Lyon.
7-3; <F. A. McComb's One Spot beat Aeneid
Kennels' Pretender, 8-1; C. C. Gris wold's Mas
ter Workman beat Gus Abercrombie's Miss
Rabbit, 3-2; George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket
beat T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee. 5-0; Pasha
Kennels' Rest Assured a bye. Tic Tac with
drawn; W. J. Jones' Rustan beat E. Bau
meister's War Cloud, 8-0; Curtis & Son's Com
modore beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Mike Davie.
IG-4; Al Austin's Firm Fo# beat T. J. Cronln's
Depend On Me, 6-4; J. H. Perigo's Pretty Girl
beat J. Muller's Cadenza, 6-0; Maher & Reid's
Bad Boy beat E. F. Frank's Delia M. 6-3; R.
E. de B. Lopez's McGregor beat J. CDowd's
Clifton Lass, 3-3; Hall & Newelfs Nonpareil
beat F. C. Macks Black Pattie. 4-0; Hall &
Newell's Rough Rider beat T. J. Cronln's
Maid of Ball, S-2.
Second round— Mocorita beat Walt a Bit, 5-4;
Vanity Fair beat Nellie Bawn. 4-1; Sliver
Wings beat Xor'west. 8-0; Bernal Bey beat
Iron Duke, 6-0; Lady Davenport beat Black
lock. 3-2; Royal Anne beat McKinley. 8-1; Chief
of the Hill beat Winning Ways. 4-0; Athena
beat Fire Queen, 10-1; One Spot beat Master
Workman, 5-0; Rest Assured beat Miss Sky
rocket. 6-4; Rustan beat Commodore. 6-4; Pretty
Girl beat Firm Foe. 5-4; Bad Boy beat Non
pareil. 4-2: Rough Rider beat McGregor, 7-4.
Third round— Vanity Fair beat Mocorita, 5-0;
Silver Wings beat Bernal Boy, 7-2; Royal Anne
beat Lady Davenport, 4-0; Athena beat Chief
of the Hill, 11-1; Rest Assured beat One Spot.
6-1; Pretty Girl beat Rustan, 6-1; Bad Boy
beat Roueh Rider. S-0.
Fourth round— Vanity Fair beat Silver Wings,
6-1; Royal Anne beat Athena. 5-0; Pretty' Girl
beat Rest Assured. 5-1 ; Bad Boy a bye.
Fifth round— Royal Anne beat Vanity Fair,
4-0: Bad Boy beat Pretty Girl. 9-!.
Final— Royal Anne beat Bad Boy.
THIS WEEK'S STAKE.
The open stake at Union Coursing Park
on Saturday and Sunday attracted an
entry of eighty-eight greyhounds, includ
ing Luxor and other noted performers.
The total prize money Is SSIO. divided as
follows: To the winner Jlla, runner-up $70,
third $50, three at $30 each, five at $20;
eleven at $15 and twenty-two at $10. The
first train on Saturday leaves at 11:30 a. m.
The 1:25 train for Tanforan will also stop
at the park. The draw resulted as follows:
Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair vs. Pasha Kea
nels' Rollicking Airs; J. Kennedy's Night Time
vs. AJurphy & Toland's Ornament; J. Byrnes'
Battleship vs. J. H. Mullen's Mocorita; H. 11.
Gray's Terrcnette Vs. J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen; R. E. de B. Lope2's Wonder vs. Curtis
& Son' b Cash: S. Mahoney's Chief of the Hill
vs. M. London's Magneto; Maher & Reid's Nel
lie Bawn vs. Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead;
Pasha Kt-nnels' Miller's Rabble vs. J. Dean's
Mlalmo: Curtis & Son's Narcissus vs. H.
Lynch's Lottie M; W. Cairn's Imperial vs.
P. J. Reply's Warship; Bartels Brothers' Beer
Brewer vfc. "VV. Creamer's Jesse Moore; Pasha
Kennels' 'Rest Assured vs. J. 11. Harrison's
Hot Has;e: P. J. Rcllly's Plow Boy vs. W.
F. Hobbs" Mercy May; J. Carroll's Auckland
vs. J. Dean's Gladiator; Pasha Kennels' Re
annex vi. Maher & Reid's Singleton; J. M<
Halton's Tic Tac vs. H. A. Deckelman's Old
Glory: Kay & Trant's Hawker vs. C. L. Ap
pleby's Clare B; Hrwtn & Lyons' May Queen
vs. D. J. Healey's Maggie N; E. M. Kellogg' s
lovra Maid vs. J. Kennedy's Ever Sure; R. E.
d<» B. Lopez's Wanda vs. H. F. Anderson's
Crawford Braes; R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie
Wa Wa vs. Curtis & Son's Cavalier; Aeneid
Kennels' Athena vs. E. M. Kellogg" s Sweet
Emma; J. Byrnes' Nellie B vs. H. H. Gray's
Rona; J. Byrnes' Olympus vs. Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Julius Caesar; Sterl & Knowles'
Rusty Gold vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo;
R. E. d« B. Lopez's Sara vs. Maher & Reid's
Uncle Fuller; Pasha Kennels' Sylvia vs. J.
Hurley's O X Capitol; E. H. Farmer's Moon
stone vs. Curtis & Son's Commodore; F. C.
Mack's Delia M vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Belle Clalr> Erwin & Lyons' Silver Lyon vs.
G. J. Panario's High Flyer; Jeff Marteners
BUI Poster vs. Gus Abercromble's Rock Island
Boy; Oeorcs Whitney's Theron vs. Curtis &
Fon's McKlnley; F. A. McComb's One Spot vs.
W. Creamer's Report: P. J. RelUy r s The
Grafter vs. T. J. Cronln's Thornhlll; Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne vs. J. Murnane's Wild
wood; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master Clalr
vs. Kelly & Hanly's Baby King: t>. J. Healey's
Grenada vs. Aeneid Kennels' Pretender: D. E.
Wiley's May Girl vs. J. Sheridan's Forest
King; Curtis & Son's Echo vs. J. Diekson'a
Black Bess; 11. A. Deckelman's Snapshot vs.
C. L. Appleby's Little Sister; R. W. Rike's
Nancy R vs. Maher & Reld'3 Pat Rellly; H.
Lynch's Mystic Maid vs. E. Evatt's Hurricane;
T. J. Cronln's Depend On Me vs. Curtis A
Son's Luxor; R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot vs.
Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist.
SPORTING EVENTS
HOBART EULOGIES
IN THE SENATE
Tributes to the Memory
of the Dead.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— Beautiful and
impressive tributes were paid by the Sen
ate to-day to the memory of the late yica
President Hobart- His Intimate personal
relations with many Senators and h:a
close affiliation with all of them rendered
his death a distinct loss to every mem
ber of the body, as well as to the coun
try. It was in commemoration of n;a
public service and of his private charac
ter that the Senate set apart tha session
to-day for the pronouncement ol eulogioa
upon him. Personal friends and asso
ciates and party friends and party oppo
nents joined in paying such sincere and
eloquent tribute to the memory or Mr.
Hobart. to his character and public ser
vices, as have seldom been paid to any
public man.
Addresses were delivered by Senators
Sewell and Kean of New Jersey. Daniel
of Virginia. Depew of New York, Cock
rell of Missouri. Cullom of Illinois. Davis
of Minnesota, Morgan of Alabama,
Chandler of New Hampshire, Lodge or
Massachusetts. Caffery of Louisiana ana
Allen of Nebraska.
Early in the session Hale of Maine in
troduced a resolution of inquiry, address
ed to the Department of State, as to tha
seizure of American flour by the British;
authorities, which aroused more than us
ual interest because of its attitude to
ward Great Britain. It was not actea
upon.
Miscellaneous business of minor impor
tance occupied me attention of the House
to-day until 1 o'clock, after which aa
hour was devoted to eulogies upon tha
life and public services of the late Rep
resentative Greene of Nebraska. Tha
House then adjourned until Friday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
rtAO THIRD RACE-Ow mile; eelllnc; three-year-elds and upward; puree, J4Q6
Time— v;, :fVi: 'j. :SO--4: \, l:lCVi: mile. 1:42. Oood Mart. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, M. J. Coilin* & Co.'s eh. &., h>- imp. M^rrlwa -Lizzie Honker.
Merry Boy rtrnvrirg away at the end. All»nna looked to have finished second. Faver
?ham apparently nnt «rr>(vi. E^plonape hart no f>r>eed.
Scratched— M"«<lowthorpf 112. Nr.nce O'Nell Bft. Rarldo lf«.
4
Str.
Fin.
v Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
_ I 4
i
i.' 3...
1 '
1U
•3*
12
2 h
1 1
2 n
]x.; Hiii
IT.; Walsh
8 8
3 S
...107)
i«
3 4
iTllorpe ..;
i 3 i"2
21
7 M
4 1
5 1
? n
!J. ; Daly...
iGluver
6-2 7-2
10 10
-.IT--.
r'.H
If!
el*
AS
mo,
:!4or
; Tr
srnes
«...
...ii'r
.T.IOT
...lor:
...107
... ss
...107
5
1
9 1
10
81*
10
1
© i
C 2
S 2
72
9 3
10
6 2
7 1
8 2
9 3
10
uiiiver
iMi>rse
iJe^ikins
iViUltoe
H.nry
H.. Stuart
IS 25
4 g
8 :o
12 25
6 8
•We!(
'im.
Hm.
Jocken
•s.
'Bcttlnr.
[Op. Cl.
r.
v,
¦>"
190
,90
;•¦•
iSO)
JO
I,-
M
\Y
It:
onka.
na O
at"s«
\o Ch
•)»»rr.<
«...
i, a.
•slty
fr. a
ilon
*a,
"lien,
or*.
a.
A'-y.
L...
4..
a..
..127 3
..155 4
..133 7
..165 1
..137 5
..is: 8
5 1
Z 2
2 ',4
7 1
61
2
3 2
4 S
E<
?4? 4
1 1
.Fell
1 2
3 2
4 5
5 6
6 12
7
22
1 2
w
4 1
5 10
6
Fell
3 n
4 20
B 15
6
ID. Henry
|l>pnhart .
iGaJbralth
IGlover ...
Evans ...
MrKonna
I Moody ...
Mattier .
. 20 40
6 7
. 3 6
. 5-2 E-2
. 12 15
. 15 25
. 8-5 S-5
• •
idn. Horse. Ag>
r.ss M»rry Br*\
r.«^ White Fern.
.'.«? Fintr. 8
r'2 R«<-iv»n. 4..
594 Al>nna. 8..
*.70> F"&oa'l«». 4...
¦tfrt Silver Tall,
4«t E»=pionajr«». 4
t...
i. 3.
V."
4...
Weight. iRt.
lftSJ 6
; 106! 3
105 1
102 i 7
8S 4
109! 3
if>»; ?
K»l 3.
lO2| 5
3 Vi
5 h
m
2 1 4
4 fi
6 '.4
- : 9.- :¦
5 1
4 V 3V 3
5 'j
1 H
2 h
8 Vi
6 J'i
8 'i
9
2 1
4 4
3 H
6 2
1 1
5 2
72
« 1
Str.
1 5
4 1
3 Vi
5 1
2 '4
6 3
T 1
S 2
9
1 3
2 ns
3 ns
4 ns
5 H
6 2
7 2
8 8
9
Jockeys.
Thorpe
E. Jones...
Vlttltop ...
M. Bcrgen.
J. Martin..
Ruiz
Jenkins ...
J. Walsh...
N. Hill
Bettint.
Op. Cl.
. 4 11-2
?8 9
.. 4 S-2
. 19 12
6.7
. 8 9
..6 5
.. 15 20
3 10
-.J»v
t. He
Aj
•. 'Weif
It
Hm.
Mm.
?;m.
StT.
Fin. Jockeys. \
Op. j Cl.
EM
49«
?7<>
f ; '7
Gra
rr r nl
Pen
Sur
'Mp!
Rpit
7.irl
Ant
puk
1 A
r<Vi
!vlr
T, '!•
rich
tier
l Ba
r. 4
m, 4
n B\
I, a
h. 4
r 3
rf "
¦m. 5..
ne, 4..
ham, r.
r:!T
n i
'•7 C
v 4
17 7
i?j
17 8
!7| Lf
*ft
4 1
11
7 15
21
3 h
< H
3 :
1 i
S 3
2 V 4
4 2
«|
8
1 Vl
2 2
¦ 4 1
65
6 4
7 2
8 ¦
12 T. Walsh
2 3. Thorpe
3 1 Jenkln*
. 4 m Conlev
5 5 Hpnr> ;
6 8 H. Rosa
7 4 Bullman
8 Login?
;.. Vlttitoe.
3 5-2
8 3
8 n
6-2 -,- 1
¦40 10
15 . 15
6 13
40 40
8 13
in.
:. Hor*
Ap*
Wol
it.
.Is,.
?im.
Str.
Fin. \
T
Bettin*.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
SI)
77)
* *
•94
M
TimT
St. O
Itj'P.
Alum I
ma "«
alia
"nth
tea
.i mil
a
¦t.
il I
I .
...1'
. ..1:
i| 5
>' 1
i j:-
' 2i'
i 4 '
!| <•¦-
4 2
3 4
2 4
6
I 14
32
1 h
4 S
2 I' 4
6
5 2
1 H
2 1
4 4
3 2
5 2
6
1 1%
2 2 '
3 3
4 V
C 6
6
Thorpe 9-5 13-5
Jenkini«'-. "8-6 7-5
T. .Walsh 8 7
E. - Jones .5 6
Pausing:*!- .... '30 60
Thelan ... ' 8 10
r'.'i
M' 2
EM
r<4
J-
r;
T
H
r;
D
J<
I.
I'
Hr.rf
:>rui<i
iu\a.
funr!
'V
¦n«.
tOo
!<¦¦?:
4
t;n
h.
• AS*.
ran,
!o 4 ..
'. 4 ...
ohp. 5
<10. J-.
<k, 3 :.
n<\ a .
X ....
5
Wo
>.. ..
Mght. St.
...1031 3
...104 7
...lf>4 2
--132 5
... Ml »
... K<>! S
...I'M! 1
...1121 4
...1061 6
¦
• • •
« 2
Btr.
28;
1 1
k! 4 1
3 H
6 l"
7 1
S 2
9
Fin. .
11-
2 2.
3 I •
4 4
5 2 •'
6 1
7 '4
S 4
9 ,- -.
I Bettlnp.
. J .Jock*yg. Op.- Cl.
Kiley ...'• 100 100
. T. ;- Walsh..... 3 4
JenTtlns ....... 10 ¦'¦15
K. Bn»F.. -...'.. g 25
BaFßirifrer, ..;. ; 2 9-5
J. Martin...;. 10 12
IJenry 1 '•¦ 3 4
Vittitoe ....... 8 5
Rullman ..... "2f> 40
-.J»v
t. He
Aj
•. 'Weif
It
Hm.
Mm.
?;m.
StT.
Fin. Jockeys. \
Op. j Cl.
EM
49«
?7<>
f ; '7
Gra
rr r nl
Pen
Sur
'Mp!
Rpit
7.irl
Ant
puk
1 A
r<Vi
!vlr
T, '!•
rich
tier
l Ba
r. 4
m, 4
n B\
I, a
h. 4
r 3
rf "
¦m. 5..
ne, 4..
ham, r.
r:!T
n i
'•7 C
v 4
17 7
i?j
17 8
!7| Lf
*ft
4 1
11
7 15
21
3 h
< H
3 :
1 i
S 3
2 V 4
4 2
«|
8
1 Vl
2 2
¦ 4 1
65
6 4
7 2
8 ¦
12 T. Walsh
2 3. Thorpe
3 1 Jenkln*
. 4 m Conlev
5 5 Hpnr> ;
6 8 H. Rosa
7 4 Bullman
8 Login?
;.. Vlttitoe.
3 5-2
8 3
8 n
6-2 -,- 1
¦40 10
15 . 15
6 13
40 40
8 13
in.
:. Hor*
Ap*
Wol
it.
.Is,.
?im.
Str.
Fin. \
T
Bettin*.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
SI)
77)
* *
•94
M
TimT
St. O
Itj'P.
Alum I
ma "«
alia
"nth
tea
.i mil
a
¦t.
il I
I .
...1'
. ..1:
i| 5
>' 1
i j:-
' 2i'
i 4 '
!| <•¦-
4 2
3 4
2 4
6
I 14
32
1 h
4 S
2 I' 4
6
5 2
1 H
2 1
4 4
3 2
5 2
6
1 1%
2 2 '
3 3
4 V
C 6
6
Thorpe 9-5 13-5
Jenkini«'-. "8-6 7-5
T. .Walsh 8 7
E. - Jones .5 6
Pausing:*!- .... '30 60
Thelan ... ' 8 10
r'.'i
M' 2
EM
r<4
J-
r;
T
H
r;
D
J<
I.
I'
Hr.rf
:>rui<i
iu\a.
funr!
'V
¦n«.
tOo
!<¦¦?:
4
t;n
h.
• AS*.
ran,
!o 4 ..
'. 4 ...
ohp. 5
<10. J-.
<k, 3 :.
n<\ a .
X ....
5
Wo
>.. ..
Mght. St.
...1031 3
...104 7
...lf>4 2
--132 5
... Ml »
... K<>! S
...I'M! 1
...1121 4
...1061 6
¦
• • •
« 2
Btr.
28;
1 1
k! 4 1
3 H
6 l"
7 1
S 2
9
Fin. .
11-
2 2.
3 I •
4 4
5 2 •'
6 1
7 '4
S 4
9 ,- -.
I Bettlnp.
. J .Jock*yg. Op.- Cl.
Kiley ...'• 100 100
. T. ;- Walsh..... 3 4
JenTtlns ....... 10 ¦'¦15
K. Bn»F.. -...'.. g 25
BaFßirifrer, ..;. ; 2 9-5
J. Martin...;. 10 12
IJenry 1 '•¦ 3 4
Vittitoe ....... 8 5
Rullman ..... "2f> 40
•We!(
'im.
Hm.
Jocken
•s.
'Bcttlnr.
[Op. Cl.
r.
v,
¦>"
190
,90
;•¦•
iSO)
JO
I,-
M
\Y
It:
onka.
na O
at"s«
\o Ch
•)»»rr.<
«...
i, a.
•slty
fr. a
ilon
*a,
"lien,
or*.
a.
A'-y.
L...
4..
a..
..127 3
..155 4
..133 7
..165 1
..137 5
..is: 8
5 1
Z 2
2 ',4
7 1
61
2
3 2
4 S
E<
?4? 4
1 1
.Fell
1 2
3 2
4 5
5 6
6 12
7
22
1 2
w
4 1
5 10
6
Fell
3 n
4 20
B 15
6
ID. Henry
|l>pnhart .
iGaJbralth
IGlover ...
Evans ...
MrKonna
I Moody ...
Mattier .
. 20 40
6 7
. 3 6
. 5-2 E-2
. 12 15
. 15 25
. 8-5 S-5
• •
Str.
Fin.
v Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
_ I 4
i
i.' 3...
1 '
1U
•3*
12
2 h
1 1
2 n
]x.; Hiii
IT.; Walsh
8 8
3 S
...107)
i«
3 4
iTllorpe ..;
i 3 i"2
21
7 M
4 1
5 1
? n
!J. ; Daly...
iGluver
6-2 7-2
10 10
-.IT--.
r'.H
If!
el*
AS
mo,
:!4or
; Tr
srnes
«...
...ii'r
.T.IOT
...lor:
...107
... ss
...107
5
1
9 1
10
81*
10
1
© i
C 2
S 2
72
9 3
10
6 2
7 1
8 2
9 3
10
uiiiver
iMi>rse
iJe^ikins
iViUltoe
H.nry
H.. Stuart
IS 25
4 g
8 :o
12 25
6 8
idn. Horse. Ag>
r.ss M»rry Br*\
r.«^ White Fern.
.'.«? Fintr. 8
r'2 R«<-iv»n. 4..
594 Al>nna. 8..
*.70> F"&oa'l«». 4...
¦tfrt Silver Tall,
4«t E»=pionajr«». 4
t...
i. 3.
V."
4...
Weight. iRt.
lftSJ 6
; 106! 3
105 1
102 i 7
8S 4
109! 3
if>»; ?
K»l 3.
lO2| 5
3 Vi
5 h
m
2 1 4
4 fi
6 '.4
- : 9.- :¦
5 1
4 V 3V 3
5 'j
1 H
2 h
8 Vi
6 J'i
8 'i
9
2 1
4 4
3 H
6 2
1 1
5 2
72
« 1
Str.
1 5
4 1
3 Vi
5 1
2 '4
6 3
T 1
S 2
9
1 3
2 ns
3 ns
4 ns
5 H
6 2
7 2
8 8
9
Jockeys.
Thorpe
E. Jones...
Vlttltop ...
M. Bcrgen.
J. Martin..
Ruiz
Jenkins ...
J. Walsh...
N. Hill
Bettint.
Op. Cl.
. 4 11-2
?8 9
.. 4 S-2
. 19 12
6.7
. 8 9
..6 5
.. 15 20
3 10BIG STAKE IN OIL SUIT.
Mineral iAnd Locators and Claim
ants on Scrip Filings Concerned.
It appears that D. E. Alexander of this
city Is not the real plaintiff In the suit
brought against Chanslor & Canfleld.
filed in the United States Court at Los
Angeles. Back of him are attorneys for
the parties who have filed on the same
land as the mineral locators in the oil
belt, but with "lien" for forestry reserve
claims relinquished. The suit will there
fore open up the question as to whether
the mineral land locators or those who
have covered their claims with scrip will
hold on. , _.
• Thousands of acres are at stake. Tne
forestrv reserve claims abandoned have
furnished a chance to cover a great area
with the "lieu" filings or scrip. On re-
Beys Charged With Theft.
Alfred Eatem&r:. a r.ewsboy, nine years
cf age. whose parents live on Tehama
ctreet. near Third, was ia Judge Megan's
court yesTerday on a charge cf stealing
thirty-four silk handkerchiefs and two
cr^pe ?haw'« from Wempe Brothers' fac
tory. 1-1 Mi«?ion street. Bateman and an
cTher neweboy named Taussig were
caught cr. Friday as they were going
down in the elevator with a'few handker
chief?- Batenumrtold the detectives that
he had so:-} a portion of the sto>n prop
erty to Jo?«ph Kearr.s. a fruit dealer at
St»?i;art and Market streets, and anothe
portion to Jerry D**r.e. a teamster
K*»arns bznded over the articles he had
parcbased. but Deane denied purchasing
any. Jude-e Mogan ordered a subpena is
sued for I>ane'p attendance in court this
morning. Taussig- wns s«?t at liberty.
WHITE HOUSE RECEPTION.
Diplomatic Corps the Guests of Presi-
dent and Mrs. McKinley.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— The reception
to the diplomatic corps, the first of the
evening receptions at the White House
this season, was held to-night from 9 to 11
o'clock and was well attended. Invited
guests to meet the guests of the evening
were the members of the Cabinet and
both branches of Congress, the Supreme
Court, officers of the army and navy and
a contingent of the residents. About 2000
invitations had been issued.
The cast room was decorated in its
usual beautiful and appropriate manner.
The conservatory was thrown open and
the Marine Band played during the even
ing. Prtsider.t and Mrs. McKlnley re
ceived their guests in the blue parlor.
The introductions were made by Colonel
Bingham of the army. Eehind the line
and assisting the President and Mrs.
McKinley were a large number of the in
vited guests. Including Senator and Mrs.
Frye, Speaker and Miss Henderson. Ad
miral ar.d Mrs. Dewey, Major General
and Mrs. Miles, the members of the Phil
ippine Commission and the ladles of their
families.
WORK ON BATTLESHIPS.
Five "War Vessels for American Navy
Nearing Completion.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— Admiral Hich
born, chief of the Bureau of Construction
and Repair, has made a report to the Sec
retary of the Navy, showing, that favor
able progress is being made on the ves
sels under construction for the navy. The
battleship 'Kearsarge is reported to be
within 2 per cent of completion and the
battleship Kentucky within 3 per cent.
Both of these vessels are under construc
tion at Newport News. The other big
battleships nearing completion are the
Alabama, at Cramp & Sons, S2 per cent;
the Wisconsin, at the Union Iron Works.
S3 per cent, and the Illinois, at Newport
News, 72 per cent. Work has just started
on the battleship Missouri, at Newport
News, while the Maine, at Cramp &
Sons, is less than one-fifth completed, and
the Ohio is one-tenth completed.
STRENGTH OF GOEBEL.
Test Vote in the House of Kentucky's
Legislature".
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Jan. 10.— The adop
tion In the House to-day of the rules
which will govern the joint assembly by
a decisive majority was a surprise as
well as a disappointment to the Republi
cans and anti-Goebel Democrats In the
Legislature. They had not expected to
defeat the rules, but they confidently be
lieved the vote would be close. Ex-Con
gressman W. C. P. Breckinridge, who
has assumed direction of the anti-Goebel
Democratic forces, was ln conference
with ex-Governor Bradley, Governor Tay
lor's attorney, a long time to-day and it
Is said they are preparing to spring legal
objections to the manner ln which Goe
bel's contest is being conducted, one of
which is that the Legislature should have
first passed an act authorizing the con
test.
Wilson Goes to Arizona.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 10.— William
L. Wilson, former Postmaster General,
passed through Kansas City to-day en
route to Arizona, where he will spend the
winter In the hope of finding relief from
pulmonary troubles. The regents of the
University of Virginia, of which Mr. Wil
son is president, have voted him an In
definite leave of absence.
Miners Snowbound.
SEATTLE. Jan. 10. — Two hundred and
forty Klondlkers were snow barricaded
at Bennett last Friday when the steamer
Rosalie, which arrived to-night, sailed
from Skaguay. They were waiting Tor
a Skaguay train to get across to sait
water. Some of them had been there a
week, and the crowd was daiiy Increasing
by upriver additions from Dawson. From
Bennett to the capital of the Klondike the
ice trail has been in splendid condition
for more than a month, which started
people from the district by the score.
Chamber of Commerce Organized.
STOCKTON. Jan. 10.— The Stockton
Chamber of Commerce was organized to
night with an' active membership of fifty
business men. Mayor W. B. Harrison was
elected president. P. A. Buell. president
of the San Joaquin Valley Association,
was the chief promoter and" presided at
the temporary organization. The first ac
tion of the new body to-night was to pro
test against the spoliation of Calaveras
big treea.
Suicide of a Butcher.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 10.— Edwin Abel, a Mil
pitas butcher, aged 50 years, committed
suicide this evening by blowing the top
of his head off with a. rifle. The act was
committed ln a storeroom near the house.
The cause Is not known. Ha was a man
of means and family.
Special Jury Ordered.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 10.— Judge Dalnger
fleld granted the motion of the defend
ants in the waterworks case of Wesley
Meek vs. Santa Rosa and others for an
advisory Jury. The case will come *up
Monday for an accounting, as directed
by the Supreme Court, to -ascertain the
actual value of the waterworks.
Neff Sent the Docu
ment.
The resignation of State Senator Law
rence J. Dwyer, a copy of which was re
cently published ln The Call, has been for
warded to Lieutenant Governor Neff and
by him transmitted to Governor Gage.
Mr. Dwyer resigned his State legislative
office in order to qualify as Supervisor of
the city and county of San Francisco.
Owing to the resignation, the Nineteenth
Senatorial District Is unrepresented in the
Senate of this State.
The constitution (article IV, section 12)
provides: "When vacancies occur in
either house, the Governor, or the per
son exercising the functions of the Gov
ernor, shall issue writs of election to fill
such vacancies."
The statute giving force to the consti
tutional provision requires that the Gov
ernor shall at once issue the writ of elec
tion.
It is presumed, therefore, that the chief
magistrate, having been officially advised
of the Dwyer vacancy, will not indefinite
ly postpone the issuance of the writ. Last
February he called a special election in
the Eighth Senatorial District to fill the
vacancy in the Senate caused by the
death of John Boggs. The point was then
raised that .the Legislature would be on
the eve of adjournment before Mr. Boggs'
successor could be chosen, but the Gov
ernor met this contention .with the argu
ment that he had no discretionary power
In the premises, as the law clearly made
It his duty to call the election at once.
The voters, and especially the Demo
cratic voters ln the Nineteenth Senatorial
District, would like to have another elec
tion this season and they are clearly en
titled to it under the constitution and the
law. Elections are about all the comforts
that the Democratic voters derive from
the government. It is true that they have
had already this season one primary elec
tion, one municipal election and two bond
elections, but they have not had anything
else. The patriots are, therefore, willing
to rally around the ballot box once more.
To test the sense of the voters in the
Nineteenth Senatorial District there ought
to be two Democratic candidates and two
Republican candidates for Senator. One
of the Democrats should be nominated on
a platform indorsing the local administra
tion of Mayor Phelan and one of the Re
publicans should be nominated on a plat
form indorsing the State administration
of Governor Gage. It would be interest-
Ing to the students of political affairs to
NEW ENGINEERS
WILL PULL DOWN
LARGE SALARIES
Bureaus Organized by
the Board of Pub
lic Works.
The principal business taken up yester
day by the Board of Public Works wtA
the organization of the City Engineer*
Department. City Engineer Grunsky filed
a written recommendation that the de
rrir'.rr.ent be divided into three branches.
the first to consist of the Bureau cf Street
sr.d Lot Surveys, which will be substan
y the same as the former City Sur
-. ; r's ciTice. Engineer Grunsky crn-
I Sled a number of suggestions in Ms
c.rr.rr.unication for the practical worklr.if
cf this department, all of which were
adopted by the board.
It was decided to appoint a Chief As
sistant Engineer in charge of the office
et a. salary cf $200 a month, and it is un
derstood that E. J. Merser, who is .it
present acting in that capacity, will b
¦elected for the place. The other position*
created ur.ier the charter are as follows:
Three assistants in charge of survey
et $15-3 a month each, one field assistant
a: HOO. thiee draughtsmen at $125. $100 and
JT3 each, cne clerk and draughtsman at
$12J a month, and cic-ht helpers at J75 a
month each. The force at present em
ployed lr. the former Surveyor's efflce will
£«¦ reTair.ed temporarily at least.
The other departments recommended To
be established by City Er.jrineer Grunsky
art a Bureau of Construction, which will
-.r.r'.-i'.e the supervision of sewer aid
bridge ccr.strucTlon. etc.. and a Bureau of
Public Utilities, but the details cf the pro
posed bureaus w^re not entered into.
The Board cf Education was authorized
to expend $230 for repairs in its present
quartets and for the fitting up of two
r tni idjjir.'.r.g the assembly room.
A petition frcm the North Central Im
provement Association that the balaiic;
<-f 5: ¦' row remaining in the fur.d for
z*\ ~:t:t.? accepted streets be expended in
the district north of Pine STreet and east
cf Kearny was discussed, but no acticn
taken.
GAGE MAY TAKE A HAND
IN HEALTH BOARD FIGHT
Governor Gage came down from Sacra
mento yesterday and will hold a confer
ence with Dr. Williamson, president of
the Board of Health, regarding the dic
ccntinuaace cf the Quarantine department
:r. ir.e local health service. This will be
T.-.e r.rst time that the Governor has been
heard of In the recent controversy,
thereby his appointments on the old
t s.r i were persuaded to retire in favor
cf the new one appointed by Mayor Phe
lan. It is said that the Governor has be
ccs-.e perturbed in spirit at the enormous
patronage taken away from him by the
Bew charter and that he will make an
effort to hive the Quarantine service, at
I*&5T, re-established In this city.
It is th» con ¦enrol cf opinion among the
members cf the legal fraternity that the
cM board, by the exercise cf the right of
Quarantine bestowed upon it by the Leg
islature, is In a «tror:g position in its con
teatloa that :t is a StaTe tnstitntlon and
there ere wise cues who assert that Gage
is waking xii> to the realization of the
wholesale removal to which the Burns
catelliTes have b»«*n eubje-cted to make
room for Mayor Phelan 1 s minions, and
that when he meets Dr. Williamson there
will be "somethin' dcin'." At any rate
some disposition will be made of the
quarantine launch Governor Perkins,
¦which has be<?n lying Idla for the past
four months.
Election Frauds Charged
Special Dlsjetch to Th» CaJI.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 10.-A com
plaint was Sled here to-day hy James P
Tryce against Caesar i-a.tainai<> who
was recently electrd as Councilman of
the Third Ward in this city, frvce'was
beaten by Lataillaide by twenty-nlna
votes and the complaint alleges fraud
(Hexal voting and the u/e of noncy to
secure votes. G. E. Franklin, one of the
b»st-kr.ow-n young men in this city is
< harped with conppiraey In the affair' he
l '-lr.tr rn#» of the election board who voted
the illiterates. He was for years Deputy
County Clerk of this county and when
s**n to-night denied the charges against
A man Is liable to cast his bread ur>on
the waters during his first ocean vovas».
but it's his first excursion ln a balloon
that makes him soar.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION
Position of Chief Clerk in United
States Sub-Treasury to Be
Filled.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces that on February ID an
examination will be held in this city for
the position of chief clerk in the Sub
tre&eury. The examination will consist of
rudimentary subjects, elements of book
kf«?rlr.g. duties of Assistant Treasurer and
experience in similar duties. From the
eiigitlea resulting certification will be
made to the position of chief clerk at a
ta!ary of EUOO per annum.
The examination is open to all citizens.
but applicants who have had less than
three years' experience in duties similar
to the position for which the examination
I? he-Id will be excluded therefrom. The
age limit is 20 years or over and persons
c^sir.r.jf to compete should apply to the
secretary of the Local Board cf Examin
ers at the Sub-treaeury ln this city. Ap
plications nr-st be f.led prior to February
2. ISOO.
COAST'S JOBBERS TO
BE HEARD IN MARCH
INTERSTATE COMMISSIONERS
NAME A DATE.
Preftnt Status Is Entirely Satis
factory to the Pacific Coast
Parties Interested.
March 15 has been finally fixed by the
Interstate Commerce Commission as the
date for the beginning of the hearing to
be held in San Francisco in the suit
brought by the St. Louis and other Middle
West jobbers against the transcontinental
railroads, to which the jobbers of the Pa
cific Coast became parties in Interest by
intervention. The fixing of a later date
for the hearing than was at one time
thought to be probable will not inconveni
ence the Interests of the Pacific Coast, as
existing conditions here are just what the
Jobbers and manufacturers of the coast
desire. They would be pleased to have
them continue Indefinitely. The supposi
tion is that the delay has b*?en occasioned
by the engagements of Commissioner
Knapp, who has promised to lecture be
fore some Eastern University.
On the day fixed by the commission to
begin taking testimony there will be gath
ered In San Francisco representatives of
all the commercial and manufacturing in
terests on the coast to testify against the
proposed abrogation of differentials be
tween the carload and less than carload
shipments, and also against the proposi
tion for graded rates from the Atlantic
seaboard westward to St. Louis. The case
is really ready for presentation on the
part of the Pacific Coast now and there
is abundant evidence. The testimony Is
at hand showing the Justice of the claims
of the coast.
In the interim before the hearing, ac
cording to information received here yes
terday, another matter of Interest to the
coast, because it has established a prece
dent concerning the less than carload dif
ferential, will come up for hearing in New
York. This is the change in the official
classification, which affected all roads and
all territory east of the Mississippi River
when it went into effect on the Ist day of
January.
The hearing has been brought abcrut
throueh the Merchants' Association of
New York. The parties to be represented
are the association named and the official
classification committee and the Trunk
Line Association. President William F.
King of the New York Merchants' Asso
ciation has protested against the widen-
ROOT NOT A CANDIDATE.
Secretary of War Does Not Want the
Vice Presidency.
MILWAUKEE. Jan. 10.— Henry C.
Payne, National Republican Committee
man of Wisconsin, to-day received a let
ter from Hon. Elihu Root, Secretary of
War, ln which Mr. Root states that he
will not be a candidate for the Vice Pres
idency of the United States. In the letter
Mr. Root states that he deems it far more
important to the country, the administra
tion and the Republican party at this crit
ical time of war that he should continue
to attend to the business of the War
Office, not that there are no other men
who could well discharge the duties of
Secretary of War, but, having spent five
or six months in becoming familiar with
the subject, no other man could step in
and take up the work without going
through the «ame training. Being a can
didate for Vice President would mean hia
practical withdrawal from the duties of
the War Office within a very short time.
TO DESTROY TRUSTS.
Butler Proposes Government Owner-
ship of Public Utilities.
WASHINGTON', Jan. 10.— Senator But
ler to-day introduced a resolution "de
claring the duty, power and purpose of
the Government to destroy trusts by re
moving the causes that produce them."
The plan proposed is to control the is
suance of money and to control the rail
roads and telegraph and telephone lines
by the Government, when, the resolution
sets forth, "the three greatest trust 3 for
evil known to civilization will have been
destroyed and at the same time the
causes which have logically and inevita
bly produced the aggregation of great in
dustrial trusts be forever removed and
the reign of monopoly will be at an end "
Found Dead in a Stable.
Sp«cial Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. 10.— The lifeless body
of Tennis Leroy Riddle was found In a
stable at 2 o'clock this morning. After
unharnessing a horse about 3 o'clock on
Tuesday night he is supposed to have
died suddenly from enlargement of the
heart. He leaves a widow in Woodland
and a father and mother and several
brothers and sisters in lowa-
Deitring Arrested.
SEATTLE, Jan. 10.— Max Deitiing, the
alleged embezzler from SDringfleld. HI.,
was arrested to-day by Sheriff C. M.
Wood of Sangamon County. 111. The
Sheriff left for the Ea3t with his prisoner
to-night. The prisoner was hurried away
to avoid the service of a writ of habeas
corpus. Deifring's attorney says the
proceedings are Illegal.
MAXWELL WILL
SUE TO RETAIN
HIS POSITION
There is a feeling of unrest among the
firemen of San Francisco, caused by the
realization of the fact that at present the
city is without a fire department, and has
been since the new charter went into ef
fect.
The reorganization Is not yet complete
and there have been virtually no changes
made in the make-up of the different ccm
pames. Before the appointment of the
new Commissioners, the firemen were
alone ln the scramble to retain their
places under the new order of things, but
now even the raen ln the buggies are wor
rying.
When the firemen received their instruc
tions for the primary and the municipal
elections to work hard for Phelan, it v/as
given out ln all the houses that ln re
turn for his Influence Sam Rainey's de
mand that the fire department should not
be disturbed was acceded to, and that the
Bush-street boss was to be "it," if Phe
lan carried away the Mayoralty plum.
Kainey certainly delivered the goods, so
far as votes were concerned, and after
election started h'.s list of what he con
sidered the best men to be retained ln the
new organization.
When the Fire Commissioners at first
opporturuty dropped George Maxwell.
Rainey realized that he had seen the cora
ner.ce.-nent of his finish. To Maxwell this
last nave was unexpected, though not
surprising as he had btren aware for some
time that Mayor Phelan had declared
himself in favor of J. C. Gorman.
Rainey met the Mayor's representative
in Maxwell's behalf and ante-election
promises were dragged forth, but to no
avail, a? the best Kainey could get was
that Maxwell's name was not mentioned
in the promise and that a man or two
would make no material difference.
When the Interview was over Rainey
realized that his list of firemen would
not pull through, and consequently hia
men must hustle for themselves.
Maxwell Intends to fight his case to the
bitter end. and will to-day, through his
attorney Garret McEnerney, apply for
a writ of mandate to compel the Com
missioners to reinstate him as secretary
and to recognize him as such.
Maxwell said last night to a Call re
porter that his suit was for the purpose
of protecting his own rights and deter
mining the standing of the men of the
department.
"The Commissioners, he said, are
as*uiil t ".g powers that are not vested in
them. They claim it their right to place
a man on the retention list, or the ac
tive ll«t as they deem best, and in my
case according to their way of thinking.
they can enlist me a« an extraman or to
ar.y position they desire.
"I c'aim that when a man is .reinstated
it mu«t be to a position as high as that
occurred when dropped from the active
list The Commissioners had no right to
remove me. and if they are upheld In
their action it will upset the entire de
partment, and no man is secure in his
position. It makes the department a big
political machine, as the Commissioners
can if they desire, fill the department
with men who are politically of their
aßumor«a Rumor« of surprising changes ln the
department are thick, and top-notchers
as well as the firemen will be on the
anxious seat for som* time to come.
Ing of the differences between the carload
and less than carload rates. The changes
ln the official classification number over
.00, of which 230 are on hardware and iron
articles. Five of the latter are on car
loads and 235 are en less than carloads.
Of eighty-four advances in grocery arti
cles sixteen apply to carload shipments.
The remainder are on the less than car
load lots.
signing the forestry claim the claimant
is given scrip which he is at liberty to
place on 'public lands anywhere in the
United States. This scrip is transferable
to any one. Consequently it has been
sold, and there are parties in this city
who have been making a business of cov
ering supposed oil lands with the scrip
and getting reimbursement by taking a
half interest in the land for their pay.
Several mining oil companies have taken
the scrip and placed it on top of the min
eral filings they have made. They are
not especially concerned .in the outcome,
but others are looking on at the pro
ceeding now pending with considerable
interest.
The mineral locators have had two de
cisions that seemed to make it neces
sary for them to establish the existence
of oil in the lands they ha\-e taken up.
One of these was by the Department of
the Interior and the other by Judge Ros3
in a recent suit at Los Angeles.
ascertain which candidate would get the
smaller vote. There would not be the
slightest danger of the election of either
if candidates opposed to both administra
tions were in the field.
Governor Gage arrived in the city from
Sacramento yesterday. He admitted that
Senator Dwyer's resignation was received
at the executive office, but failed to ex
tend his thanks to The Call for Informing
him in advance that the resignation was
on the way to the capitol.
GAGE RECEIVES
RESIGNATION OF
SENATOR DWYER
POLITICALLY this is a cold world. Many se« humor, ln misery, but few find sympathy for the
sorrowing. The pangs and heartaches of the "outs" find no re-echoing chord in the hearts of
the every-day man. while the glory and the glee of the "ins" seem to be contagious with
every one that has no desire to hold office and whose only satisfaction in having the electoral
franchise is to help the other fellow get a fat job.
Since the charter changes at the City Hall the big pile is fairly teeming with funny
things. Down in the basement, where the keepers of the peace hold forth, there is consternation
over the prospects of an order from Acting Chief of Police Biggy that every officer on the force
must appear every day with a clean collar. Mr. Blggy is interested in a laundry. Some people also
see something humorous in his order that Chinatown must be cleansed.
Phil Fay Jr.. secretary of the Park Commissioners, and Superintendent McLaren have taken
account of stock. They spent a day counting the shrubs and the grass plats in the city parks and
informing the gardeners and laborers that they were discharged until they passed a satisfactory
civil service examination. The man with the hoe will be required to write an essay on the manage
ment of the lawn mower, explain the cube root of a rose bush and tell the proper way of wrestling
with a rake.
The new Police Judges have struck a vein of fellow feeling fcr the unfortunates. If they have
their way the drunks are to be spared the mortification of being marched into court and paraded
before the public, and officers who make arrests at night are not to be called from their peaceful
slumbers to testify against the transgressors. The Judges will listen, as formerly, to the tales of
woe and the explanations in the City Prison, and on the promise of the prisoners to be good they
have decided to make their few hours' stay in the cells the only punishment. This rule is not to
apply to the chronics, only to those who have poor but honest parents.
One of the funniest things that has come about with the new order of things i 3 the determina
tion of the Board of Works to sweep out the City Hall. It has not yet been determined what dispo
sition is to be made of the accumulation of rubbish and dirt of past administrations, but the ad
visability of filling in a section of the Pacific Ocean is being seriously considered.
The corridors outside of the rooms of the Board of Health are knee-deep with the tears of th«
"has beens." Devoto and his corps of faithful followers are waiting for a decision from Attorney
General Ford that never seems to come.
The Board of Works has not been smoking, but it has discovered smoke, and It has decided
that several City Hall chimneys should not end ln the garret. The extension of the chimneys
throusrh the roof Is to be one of the reforms of new San Francisco.
One of the most graceful exits from office was that of ex-Sheriff Martin, ably a«s!"*ted by
Deputy William Daily. Daily had a little difference with his heavy-weight chief, and rather than
make the affair set-lous Martin side-stepped through the outer door and has been side-^teDDlne out
of Daily's sight ever since.
These and many similar incidents force the belief that, politically speaking, th© old adage
'Laugh, and the world laughs with you; weep, and you weep alone," is not a poet's dream.
FUMY THINGS THAT CAME WITH CHARTER CHANGES.
NEW OFFICIALS ARE EXPERTS WITH THE AX
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
DB. KILanSB'S SWAMP BOOT.
WHAT IS
THEREASON?
Why Is It that yon are not ec;ual to
the task Nature sets for you to do?
Why do ycu find weakness stealing
over you and growing day by day?
Why that ashy, chalky complexion?
"Why that inability to hold r°ur
urine?
Why those distressing pains across
your back?
All these symptoms are unmistaka-
ble evidences of kidney trouble.
The kidneys, that make the human
engine of life move as Nature intended.
are not working properly and shou'.d
have prompt attention.
If you need a medicine for kidney,
bladder or uric acid trouble, you *hou!ti
begin usin? the famous new discovery.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. It gives
quick relief and cures the most dis-
tressing: cases.
Hospitals use It in all klnd3 cf cases,
especially severe and urgent ones. Doc-
tors prescribe It freely ln their oractice
and in their families, and use it when
they need a kidney and bladder tonic
themselves.
Tens cf thousands of gTateful pa*
tients have written to Dr. Kilmer &
Co.. and these letters have fash-
ioned Into a handy volume of ready
reference, which should be is z*9Tf
household. This volume and a sampl»
bottle of Swamp-Root will be mailed
to any reader of thi3 paper who will
send name and address to Dr. Kilmer
& Co. and state that they rcid this
generous offer in the San Francisco
Dally Call.
If there is any doubt In your mind as
to your condition, take from your urin*
on arising about two ounces, place It
In a glass or bottle and let it stand
twenty-four hours. If. on examination,
it Is milky or cloudy. If there 13 a brfefc-
dust settling or if small particles Coat
about ln it. your kidneys are ln need of
Immediate attention.
Swamp-Root is for sale everywhere
in lo'tles of two sizes and two prices—
SO rents and $1. Remember the name.
Fwamp-Root. and the address, Bln?-
hamton. N. T.
;BEEGHAffI'SPiLLS|
; taken. at night will make you \
• feel right, act right and look*
! right. They cure Constipation. *
t lOc<?nt« so"! 23fi"n». r.t all <3rasr 'torn. J
iff fH^Si
A MAN'S MOTHER-IN-LAW
Even can't L.d fault with onr laun-
dry work. The most severe scrutiny
will only «how how perfect It Is and
how superior to all other work In this
line. There Is no flaw in the beauty
of the color or finish that we lay r>n
ycur linen when it i 3 done up at the
United States Laundry.
United State* Laundry. Offlo»
1004 Market Streat.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
111 I 1 I I 111 1 I diseases cured or no
UII U I ILJ i. pay. No detention from
Mill 1 llnr business. DRS. MA.N3-
Itl J I 1 111 I I FIELD * PORTER.
1V U I I UIVL. FIEJ.D. *3* Market St..
Pun Frarwi *<•<¦>.
f ELECTRIC TREATMENT FREE!|
9. rH^\ NOW YOU CAN KNOW WHAT CDRATIVE ELECTRICITY IS! 0
* v +£b you can test its POWER! you can feel its restorative ACTION! 6
x iIR McLAiJuHLiN S- ELECTRIC BELT %
x iV^yw^^ JkjJ Has taJcen such ho d ln the med!ca l worl d that '* is the one assured X
O aVwv^ --^<Jr/ / /^^\ remedy for disease. PREJUDICE IS DISARMED by thousands of cures A
(l> i\Wk\ N*^\w^. L wn^m and dally letters, all pointing to that remedy which is arousing such X
0 fi/s fob. J*r Interest among sufferers and physicians. During this month I will A
A s -^l %£& j W' glve t0 every one call!n ° at m y °ff' ces a special A
* FREE TRIAL TREATiMENT 0
$ 'If W^^^M y"^^^^ma^^^\ of curatlve electricity from my grand Static Battery. Why this offer? £
A (w^^^^r To illustrate the power of my electric appliances: to prove that by 9
W&fiw®& these ' absolute| y cure P ain « weakness and nervo-vltal derangements, v
$ Wffl%g& Names and addresses of men and women whom my treatment has re- 9
Q y^^fu ' stored will be given you. and to them you may refer. You are in- 9
Q \ -i vited t0 cal! and take a trsal treatment free> and see what jt is like - X
9 *^ \\ • Hereby you can test my method, which cures without medicine or 9
9 \ W^^M^^^^M surgery. You will find my application of electricity Is the most 9
Q '*£¥£0&$;!t* I \ < ffl Intelligent and perfect of the age. the grandest fnvlgorator for weakness, the best tonic 0
<S '/>':^';-^c^^;v\' \y^'**-> Piiiillia»£raaßv9 for your nerves. Then why suffer? Why put off curing that Backache, Rheumatism. O
r> ':••'¦£-"' 1 i fiW-*^ Kidney Trouble cr Nervous Weakness? You may treat your aliment as a trlfllnj matter <S
o : sTv^ 1 i !)) Si* Illii^ lliiliil H cr say you cant af ' or! * t0 attend t0 !t now ' >2t one '¦ nay c:st ycu Io ° cr * 500 f:r Q
1 t| ,,.| ' /%r*»3bw^ KaissSi (Jill lUf il Lurobcgo and Sciatica. froe; my IHustra'ed book Is free — this ycu V
9 / tJfmS^^Kßlli 1181 iff H RTO c? BC "j£S^ B s Ul iso nS " San Fran " certainly should read. 9
O H^^^^^^S^^^S^ |Urn la m DRf CO M. an A a Mclaughlin— Dear -p. •?> • , r T -,••. O
A Wmrl'l&P* rs-^^fit &^^S3F§£9 fills fH H Doctor: .I have b«>n wparin? your H"p M A M pi QTIfIPM NT! A
O J-JS^ IV^^l^FH^K^WfiKlJSfll lH H Electric Belt for about two months. II V 14 V lf. I/i, |U| Q
O Jf^PS* l! 5 ar ' 1 " ch " erfully acknowledge that I 1/1 • 111* lit lflUJJUjUJ^llllllj V
*H ,-iii'lt C! 'I Pil^^^fe^^K/rtrSw U ify e iu r mbaßO anxfVclatlca 'hav" duL™- "O2 Market St.. cor. K>arr.y. 3. F. : Burtlck .
O ~— |i f ' \J n "(JSW^^^Pi Si'/! itaSiS Iff/I F>*E peared. and my digestion has been 81->ck. <-n r . s P ri- 5 and ?«con.i Stj.. I>-s An- Q
A «^-- " rT '- : ,W { -Jz^zsS&WVimfl U\m JlK?»!ffilM/In/if>sv largely benefited. Very truly yours. fr*l*«- Of flc* hours— 4 a. in. to 830 p. m.: San- I
O V — •=Sf-nr^J J'iilffi jifli]|j|jlfji{l|(l'ilU G. W. TERRILL. days. 19 to I NEVER SOLD IN" DRUG- O
6<XK><KK><XX>O<>O<X><><>^
OO©C<?OOOCS©OeO©OQG©OO3OGOO©C©C©««3Q©©eO©«»O
! ...ALASKA...
1 COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
© .'.'.TOR... W
I NOME - ST. MICHAEL - DAWSON
| ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
| FOR NOME DIRECT-
O FVom F«n Frarrtaco. S. 8. PORTLAND April 30, 1900
Q) Frcm Seattle, S. 6. DORA April 30. 1&00 '
{J Frcm Sxa Frxr.cisco. S. S. RAINIER May 10. 1900
• FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS-
q From San Fr&ncJsco. E. 6. ST. PAUL. May H
Q A Steamer Will B« DUpatched Every Fortnight Th^reaftw
0 FOH JrXEAU. SITKA. PRINCE WILLIAM eOL'ND. COOKS INLET. KODIAK AND
O ALL INTERMEDIATE POINTS.
O From S«att!c, S. 8. BERTHA. Commenting April Sth. and Monthly Thereafter.
For r««w folders, map* and further particulars aa to freight and passage, apply to
© ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANT. 210 Sansotao Btreet. San Francisco. CaL
*f Fcr Seattle Ballings Aprly to
5 CAPT. JAS. CARROLI* Mutual Uf« Bide. Seattl*. Wash.
G
5BIG STAKE IN OIL SUIT.
Mineral iAnd Locators and Claim
ants on Scrip Filings Concerned.
It appears that D. E. Alexander of this
city Is not the real plaintiff In the suit
brought against Chanslor & Canfleld.
filed in the United States Court at Los
Angeles. Back of him are attorneys for
the parties who have filed on the same
land as the mineral locators in the oil
belt, but with "lien" for forestry reserve
claims relinquished. The suit will there
fore open up the question as to whether
the mineral land locators or those who
have covered their claims with scrip will
hold on. , _.
• Thousands of acres are at stake. Tne
forestrv reserve claims abandoned have
furnished a chance to cover a great area
with the "lieu" filings or scrip. On re-
Beys Charged With Theft.
Alfred Eatem&r:. a r.ewsboy, nine years
cf age. whose parents live on Tehama
ctreet. near Third, was ia Judge Megan's
court yesTerday on a charge cf stealing
thirty-four silk handkerchiefs and two
cr^pe ?haw'« from Wempe Brothers' fac
tory. 1-1 Mi«?ion street. Bateman and an
cTher neweboy named Taussig were
caught cr. Friday as they were going
down in the elevator with a'few handker
chief?- Batenumrtold the detectives that
he had so:-} a portion of the sto>n prop
erty to Jo?«ph Kearr.s. a fruit dealer at
St»?i;art and Market streets, and anothe
portion to Jerry D**r.e. a teamster
K*»arns bznded over the articles he had
parcbased. but Deane denied purchasing
any. Jude-e Mogan ordered a subpena is
sued for I>ane'p attendance in court this
morning. Taussig- wns s«?t at liberty.
WHITE HOUSE RECEPTION.
Diplomatic Corps the Guests of Presi-
dent and Mrs. McKinley.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— The reception
to the diplomatic corps, the first of the
evening receptions at the White House
this season, was held to-night from 9 to 11
o'clock and was well attended. Invited
guests to meet the guests of the evening
were the members of the Cabinet and
both branches of Congress, the Supreme
Court, officers of the army and navy and
a contingent of the residents. About 2000
invitations had been issued.
The cast room was decorated in its
usual beautiful and appropriate manner.
The conservatory was thrown open and
the Marine Band played during the even
ing. Prtsider.t and Mrs. McKlnley re
ceived their guests in the blue parlor.
The introductions were made by Colonel
Bingham of the army. Eehind the line
and assisting the President and Mrs.
McKinley were a large number of the in
vited guests. Including Senator and Mrs.
Frye, Speaker and Miss Henderson. Ad
miral ar.d Mrs. Dewey, Major General
and Mrs. Miles, the members of the Phil
ippine Commission and the ladles of their
families.
WORK ON BATTLESHIPS.
Five "War Vessels for American Navy
Nearing Completion.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— Admiral Hich
born, chief of the Bureau of Construction
and Repair, has made a report to the Sec
retary of the Navy, showing, that favor
able progress is being made on the ves
sels under construction for the navy. The
battleship 'Kearsarge is reported to be
within 2 per cent of completion and the
battleship Kentucky within 3 per cent.
Both of these vessels are under construc
tion at Newport News. The other big
battleships nearing completion are the
Alabama, at Cramp & Sons, S2 per cent;
the Wisconsin, at the Union Iron Works.
S3 per cent, and the Illinois, at Newport
News, 72 per cent. Work has just started
on the battleship Missouri, at Newport
News, while the Maine, at Cramp &
Sons, is less than one-fifth completed, and
the Ohio is one-tenth completed.
STRENGTH OF GOEBEL.
Test Vote in the House of Kentucky's
Legislature".
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Jan. 10.— The adop
tion In the House to-day of the rules
which will govern the joint assembly by
a decisive majority was a surprise as
well as a disappointment to the Republi
cans and anti-Goebel Democrats In the
Legislature. They had not expected to
defeat the rules, but they confidently be
lieved the vote would be close. Ex-Con
gressman W. C. P. Breckinridge, who
has assumed direction of the anti-Goebel
Democratic forces, was ln conference
with ex-Governor Bradley, Governor Tay
lor's attorney, a long time to-day and it
Is said they are preparing to spring legal
objections to the manner ln which Goe
bel's contest is being conducted, one of
which is that the Legislature should have
first passed an act authorizing the con
test.
Wilson Goes to Arizona.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 10.— William
L. Wilson, former Postmaster General,
passed through Kansas City to-day en
route to Arizona, where he will spend the
winter In the hope of finding relief from
pulmonary troubles. The regents of the
University of Virginia, of which Mr. Wil
son is president, have voted him an In
definite leave of absence.
Miners Snowbound.
SEATTLE. Jan. 10. — Two hundred and
forty Klondlkers were snow barricaded
at Bennett last Friday when the steamer
Rosalie, which arrived to-night, sailed
from Skaguay. They were waiting Tor
a Skaguay train to get across to sait
water. Some of them had been there a
week, and the crowd was daiiy Increasing
by upriver additions from Dawson. From
Bennett to the capital of the Klondike the
ice trail has been in splendid condition
for more than a month, which started
people from the district by the score.
Chamber of Commerce Organized.
STOCKTON. Jan. 10.— The Stockton
Chamber of Commerce was organized to
night with an' active membership of fifty
business men. Mayor W. B. Harrison was
elected president. P. A. Buell. president
of the San Joaquin Valley Association,
was the chief promoter and" presided at
the temporary organization. The first ac
tion of the new body to-night was to pro
test against the spoliation of Calaveras
big treea.
Suicide of a Butcher.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 10.— Edwin Abel, a Mil
pitas butcher, aged 50 years, committed
suicide this evening by blowing the top
of his head off with a. rifle. The act was
committed ln a storeroom near the house.
The cause Is not known. Ha was a man
of means and family.
Special Jury Ordered.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 10.— Judge Dalnger
fleld granted the motion of the defend
ants in the waterworks case of Wesley
Meek vs. Santa Rosa and others for an
advisory Jury. The case will come *up
Monday for an accounting, as directed
by the Supreme Court, to -ascertain the
actual value of the waterworks.
Neff Sent the Docu
ment.
The resignation of State Senator Law
rence J. Dwyer, a copy of which was re
cently published ln The Call, has been for
warded to Lieutenant Governor Neff and
by him transmitted to Governor Gage.
Mr. Dwyer resigned his State legislative
office in order to qualify as Supervisor of
the city and county of San Francisco.
Owing to the resignation, the Nineteenth
Senatorial District Is unrepresented in the
Senate of this State.
The constitution (article IV, section 12)
provides: "When vacancies occur in
either house, the Governor, or the per
son exercising the functions of the Gov
ernor, shall issue writs of election to fill
such vacancies."
The statute giving force to the consti
tutional provision requires that the Gov
ernor shall at once issue the writ of elec
tion.
It is presumed, therefore, that the chief
magistrate, having been officially advised
of the Dwyer vacancy, will not indefinite
ly postpone the issuance of the writ. Last
February he called a special election in
the Eighth Senatorial District to fill the
vacancy in the Senate caused by the
death of John Boggs. The point was then
raised that .the Legislature would be on
the eve of adjournment before Mr. Boggs'
successor could be chosen, but the Gov
ernor met this contention .with the argu
ment that he had no discretionary power
In the premises, as the law clearly made
It his duty to call the election at once.
The voters, and especially the Demo
cratic voters ln the Nineteenth Senatorial
District, would like to have another elec
tion this season and they are clearly en
titled to it under the constitution and the
law. Elections are about all the comforts
that the Democratic voters derive from
the government. It is true that they have
had already this season one primary elec
tion, one municipal election and two bond
elections, but they have not had anything
else. The patriots are, therefore, willing
to rally around the ballot box once more.
To test the sense of the voters in the
Nineteenth Senatorial District there ought
to be two Democratic candidates and two
Republican candidates for Senator. One
of the Democrats should be nominated on
a platform indorsing the local administra
tion of Mayor Phelan and one of the Re
publicans should be nominated on a plat
form indorsing the State administration
of Governor Gage. It would be interest-
Ing to the students of political affairs to
NEW ENGINEERS
WILL PULL DOWN
LARGE SALARIES
Bureaus Organized by
the Board of Pub
lic Works.
The principal business taken up yester
day by the Board of Public Works wtA
the organization of the City Engineer*
Department. City Engineer Grunsky filed
a written recommendation that the de
rrir'.rr.ent be divided into three branches.
the first to consist of the Bureau cf Street
sr.d Lot Surveys, which will be substan
y the same as the former City Sur
-. ; r's ciTice. Engineer Grunsky crn-
I Sled a number of suggestions in Ms
c.rr.rr.unication for the practical worklr.if
cf this department, all of which were
adopted by the board.
It was decided to appoint a Chief As
sistant Engineer in charge of the office
et a. salary cf $200 a month, and it is un
derstood that E. J. Merser, who is .it
present acting in that capacity, will b
¦elected for the place. The other position*
created ur.ier the charter are as follows:
Three assistants in charge of survey
et $15-3 a month each, one field assistant
a: HOO. thiee draughtsmen at $125. $100 and
JT3 each, cne clerk and draughtsman at
$12J a month, and cic-ht helpers at J75 a
month each. The force at present em
ployed lr. the former Surveyor's efflce will
£«¦ reTair.ed temporarily at least.
The other departments recommended To
be established by City Er.jrineer Grunsky
art a Bureau of Construction, which will
-.r.r'.-i'.e the supervision of sewer aid
bridge ccr.strucTlon. etc.. and a Bureau of
Public Utilities, but the details cf the pro
posed bureaus w^re not entered into.
The Board cf Education was authorized
to expend $230 for repairs in its present
quartets and for the fitting up of two
r tni idjjir.'.r.g the assembly room.
A petition frcm the North Central Im
provement Association that the balaiic;
<-f 5: ¦' row remaining in the fur.d for
z*\ ~:t:t.? accepted streets be expended in
the district north of Pine STreet and east
cf Kearny was discussed, but no acticn
taken.
GAGE MAY TAKE A HAND
IN HEALTH BOARD FIGHT
Governor Gage came down from Sacra
mento yesterday and will hold a confer
ence with Dr. Williamson, president of
the Board of Health, regarding the dic
ccntinuaace cf the Quarantine department
:r. ir.e local health service. This will be
T.-.e r.rst time that the Governor has been
heard of In the recent controversy,
thereby his appointments on the old
t s.r i were persuaded to retire in favor
cf the new one appointed by Mayor Phe
lan. It is said that the Governor has be
ccs-.e perturbed in spirit at the enormous
patronage taken away from him by the
Bew charter and that he will make an
effort to hive the Quarantine service, at
I*&5T, re-established In this city.
It is th» con ¦enrol cf opinion among the
members cf the legal fraternity that the
cM board, by the exercise cf the right of
Quarantine bestowed upon it by the Leg
islature, is In a «tror:g position in its con
teatloa that :t is a StaTe tnstitntlon and
there ere wise cues who assert that Gage
is waking xii> to the realization of the
wholesale removal to which the Burns
catelliTes have b»«*n eubje-cted to make
room for Mayor Phelan 1 s minions, and
that when he meets Dr. Williamson there
will be "somethin' dcin'." At any rate
some disposition will be made of the
quarantine launch Governor Perkins,
¦which has be<?n lying Idla for the past
four months.
Election Frauds Charged
Special Dlsjetch to Th» CaJI.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 10.-A com
plaint was Sled here to-day hy James P
Tryce against Caesar i-a.tainai<> who
was recently electrd as Councilman of
the Third Ward in this city, frvce'was
beaten by Lataillaide by twenty-nlna
votes and the complaint alleges fraud
(Hexal voting and the u/e of noncy to
secure votes. G. E. Franklin, one of the
b»st-kr.ow-n young men in this city is
< harped with conppiraey In the affair' he
l '-lr.tr rn#» of the election board who voted
the illiterates. He was for years Deputy
County Clerk of this county and when
s**n to-night denied the charges against
A man Is liable to cast his bread ur>on
the waters during his first ocean vovas».
but it's his first excursion ln a balloon
that makes him soar.
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION
Position of Chief Clerk in United
States Sub-Treasury to Be
Filled.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces that on February ID an
examination will be held in this city for
the position of chief clerk in the Sub
tre&eury. The examination will consist of
rudimentary subjects, elements of book
kf«?rlr.g. duties of Assistant Treasurer and
experience in similar duties. From the
eiigitlea resulting certification will be
made to the position of chief clerk at a
ta!ary of EUOO per annum.
The examination is open to all citizens.
but applicants who have had less than
three years' experience in duties similar
to the position for which the examination
I? he-Id will be excluded therefrom. The
age limit is 20 years or over and persons
c^sir.r.jf to compete should apply to the
secretary of the Local Board cf Examin
ers at the Sub-treaeury ln this city. Ap
plications nr-st be f.led prior to February
2. ISOO.
COAST'S JOBBERS TO
BE HEARD IN MARCH
INTERSTATE COMMISSIONERS
NAME A DATE.
Preftnt Status Is Entirely Satis
factory to the Pacific Coast
Parties Interested.
March 15 has been finally fixed by the
Interstate Commerce Commission as the
date for the beginning of the hearing to
be held in San Francisco in the suit
brought by the St. Louis and other Middle
West jobbers against the transcontinental
railroads, to which the jobbers of the Pa
cific Coast became parties in Interest by
intervention. The fixing of a later date
for the hearing than was at one time
thought to be probable will not inconveni
ence the Interests of the Pacific Coast, as
existing conditions here are just what the
Jobbers and manufacturers of the coast
desire. They would be pleased to have
them continue Indefinitely. The supposi
tion is that the delay has b*?en occasioned
by the engagements of Commissioner
Knapp, who has promised to lecture be
fore some Eastern University.
On the day fixed by the commission to
begin taking testimony there will be gath
ered In San Francisco representatives of
all the commercial and manufacturing in
terests on the coast to testify against the
proposed abrogation of differentials be
tween the carload and less than carload
shipments, and also against the proposi
tion for graded rates from the Atlantic
seaboard westward to St. Louis. The case
is really ready for presentation on the
part of the Pacific Coast now and there
is abundant evidence. The testimony Is
at hand showing the Justice of the claims
of the coast.
In the interim before the hearing, ac
cording to information received here yes
terday, another matter of Interest to the
coast, because it has established a prece
dent concerning the less than carload dif
ferential, will come up for hearing in New
York. This is the change in the official
classification, which affected all roads and
all territory east of the Mississippi River
when it went into effect on the Ist day of
January.
The hearing has been brought abcrut
throueh the Merchants' Association of
New York. The parties to be represented
are the association named and the official
classification committee and the Trunk
Line Association. President William F.
King of the New York Merchants' Asso
ciation has protested against the widen-
ROOT NOT A CANDIDATE.
Secretary of War Does Not Want the
Vice Presidency.
MILWAUKEE. Jan. 10.— Henry C.
Payne, National Republican Committee
man of Wisconsin, to-day received a let
ter from Hon. Elihu Root, Secretary of
War, ln which Mr. Root states that he
will not be a candidate for the Vice Pres
idency of the United States. In the letter
Mr. Root states that he deems it far more
important to the country, the administra
tion and the Republican party at this crit
ical time of war that he should continue
to attend to the business of the War
Office, not that there are no other men
who could well discharge the duties of
Secretary of War, but, having spent five
or six months in becoming familiar with
the subject, no other man could step in
and take up the work without going
through the «ame training. Being a can
didate for Vice President would mean hia
practical withdrawal from the duties of
the War Office within a very short time.
TO DESTROY TRUSTS.
Butler Proposes Government Owner-
ship of Public Utilities.
WASHINGTON', Jan. 10.— Senator But
ler to-day introduced a resolution "de
claring the duty, power and purpose of
the Government to destroy trusts by re
moving the causes that produce them."
The plan proposed is to control the is
suance of money and to control the rail
roads and telegraph and telephone lines
by the Government, when, the resolution
sets forth, "the three greatest trust 3 for
evil known to civilization will have been
destroyed and at the same time the
causes which have logically and inevita
bly produced the aggregation of great in
dustrial trusts be forever removed and
the reign of monopoly will be at an end "
Found Dead in a Stable.
Sp«cial Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. 10.— The lifeless body
of Tennis Leroy Riddle was found In a
stable at 2 o'clock this morning. After
unharnessing a horse about 3 o'clock on
Tuesday night he is supposed to have
died suddenly from enlargement of the
heart. He leaves a widow in Woodland
and a father and mother and several
brothers and sisters in lowa-
Deitring Arrested.
SEATTLE, Jan. 10.— Max Deitiing, the
alleged embezzler from SDringfleld. HI.,
was arrested to-day by Sheriff C. M.
Wood of Sangamon County. 111. The
Sheriff left for the Ea3t with his prisoner
to-night. The prisoner was hurried away
to avoid the service of a writ of habeas
corpus. Deifring's attorney says the
proceedings are Illegal.
MAXWELL WILL
SUE TO RETAIN
HIS POSITION
There is a feeling of unrest among the
firemen of San Francisco, caused by the
realization of the fact that at present the
city is without a fire department, and has
been since the new charter went into ef
fect.
The reorganization Is not yet complete
and there have been virtually no changes
made in the make-up of the different ccm
pames. Before the appointment of the
new Commissioners, the firemen were
alone ln the scramble to retain their
places under the new order of things, but
now even the raen ln the buggies are wor
rying.
When the firemen received their instruc
tions for the primary and the municipal
elections to work hard for Phelan, it v/as
given out ln all the houses that ln re
turn for his Influence Sam Rainey's de
mand that the fire department should not
be disturbed was acceded to, and that the
Bush-street boss was to be "it," if Phe
lan carried away the Mayoralty plum.
Kainey certainly delivered the goods, so
far as votes were concerned, and after
election started h'.s list of what he con
sidered the best men to be retained ln the
new organization.
When the Fire Commissioners at first
opporturuty dropped George Maxwell.
Rainey realized that he had seen the cora
ner.ce.-nent of his finish. To Maxwell this
last nave was unexpected, though not
surprising as he had btren aware for some
time that Mayor Phelan had declared
himself in favor of J. C. Gorman.
Rainey met the Mayor's representative
in Maxwell's behalf and ante-election
promises were dragged forth, but to no
avail, a? the best Kainey could get was
that Maxwell's name was not mentioned
in the promise and that a man or two
would make no material difference.
When the Interview was over Rainey
realized that his list of firemen would
not pull through, and consequently hia
men must hustle for themselves.
Maxwell Intends to fight his case to the
bitter end. and will to-day, through his
attorney Garret McEnerney, apply for
a writ of mandate to compel the Com
missioners to reinstate him as secretary
and to recognize him as such.
Maxwell said last night to a Call re
porter that his suit was for the purpose
of protecting his own rights and deter
mining the standing of the men of the
department.
"The Commissioners, he said, are
as*uiil t ".g powers that are not vested in
them. They claim it their right to place
a man on the retention list, or the ac
tive ll«t as they deem best, and in my
case according to their way of thinking.
they can enlist me a« an extraman or to
ar.y position they desire.
"I c'aim that when a man is .reinstated
it mu«t be to a position as high as that
occurred when dropped from the active
list The Commissioners had no right to
remove me. and if they are upheld In
their action it will upset the entire de
partment, and no man is secure in his
position. It makes the department a big
political machine, as the Commissioners
can if they desire, fill the department
with men who are politically of their
aßumor«a Rumor« of surprising changes ln the
department are thick, and top-notchers
as well as the firemen will be on the
anxious seat for som* time to come.
Ing of the differences between the carload
and less than carload rates. The changes
ln the official classification number over
.00, of which 230 are on hardware and iron
articles. Five of the latter are on car
loads and 235 are en less than carloads.
Of eighty-four advances in grocery arti
cles sixteen apply to carload shipments.
The remainder are on the less than car
load lots.
signing the forestry claim the claimant
is given scrip which he is at liberty to
place on 'public lands anywhere in the
United States. This scrip is transferable
to any one. Consequently it has been
sold, and there are parties in this city
who have been making a business of cov
ering supposed oil lands with the scrip
and getting reimbursement by taking a
half interest in the land for their pay.
Several mining oil companies have taken
the scrip and placed it on top of the min
eral filings they have made. They are
not especially concerned .in the outcome,
but others are looking on at the pro
ceeding now pending with considerable
interest.
The mineral locators have had two de
cisions that seemed to make it neces
sary for them to establish the existence
of oil in the lands they ha\-e taken up.
One of these was by the Department of
the Interior and the other by Judge Ros3
in a recent suit at Los Angeles.
ascertain which candidate would get the
smaller vote. There would not be the
slightest danger of the election of either
if candidates opposed to both administra
tions were in the field.
Governor Gage arrived in the city from
Sacramento yesterday. He admitted that
Senator Dwyer's resignation was received
at the executive office, but failed to ex
tend his thanks to The Call for Informing
him in advance that the resignation was
on the way to the capitol.
GAGE RECEIVES
RESIGNATION OF
SENATOR DWYER
POLITICALLY this is a cold world. Many se« humor, ln misery, but few find sympathy for the
sorrowing. The pangs and heartaches of the "outs" find no re-echoing chord in the hearts of
the every-day man. while the glory and the glee of the "ins" seem to be contagious with
every one that has no desire to hold office and whose only satisfaction in having the electoral
franchise is to help the other fellow get a fat job.
Since the charter changes at the City Hall the big pile is fairly teeming with funny
things. Down in the basement, where the keepers of the peace hold forth, there is consternation
over the prospects of an order from Acting Chief of Police Biggy that every officer on the force
must appear every day with a clean collar. Mr. Blggy is interested in a laundry. Some people also
see something humorous in his order that Chinatown must be cleansed.
Phil Fay Jr.. secretary of the Park Commissioners, and Superintendent McLaren have taken
account of stock. They spent a day counting the shrubs and the grass plats in the city parks and
informing the gardeners and laborers that they were discharged until they passed a satisfactory
civil service examination. The man with the hoe will be required to write an essay on the manage
ment of the lawn mower, explain the cube root of a rose bush and tell the proper way of wrestling
with a rake.
The new Police Judges have struck a vein of fellow feeling fcr the unfortunates. If they have
their way the drunks are to be spared the mortification of being marched into court and paraded
before the public, and officers who make arrests at night are not to be called from their peaceful
slumbers to testify against the transgressors. The Judges will listen, as formerly, to the tales of
woe and the explanations in the City Prison, and on the promise of the prisoners to be good they
have decided to make their few hours' stay in the cells the only punishment. This rule is not to
apply to the chronics, only to those who have poor but honest parents.
One of the funniest things that has come about with the new order of things i 3 the determina
tion of the Board of Works to sweep out the City Hall. It has not yet been determined what dispo
sition is to be made of the accumulation of rubbish and dirt of past administrations, but the ad
visability of filling in a section of the Pacific Ocean is being seriously considered.
The corridors outside of the rooms of the Board of Health are knee-deep with the tears of th«
"has beens." Devoto and his corps of faithful followers are waiting for a decision from Attorney
General Ford that never seems to come.
The Board of Works has not been smoking, but it has discovered smoke, and It has decided
that several City Hall chimneys should not end ln the garret. The extension of the chimneys
throusrh the roof Is to be one of the reforms of new San Francisco.
One of the most graceful exits from office was that of ex-Sheriff Martin, ably a«s!"*ted by
Deputy William Daily. Daily had a little difference with his heavy-weight chief, and rather than
make the affair set-lous Martin side-stepped through the outer door and has been side-^teDDlne out
of Daily's sight ever since.
These and many similar incidents force the belief that, politically speaking, th© old adage
'Laugh, and the world laughs with you; weep, and you weep alone," is not a poet's dream.
FUMY THINGS THAT CAME WITH CHARTER CHANGES.
NEW OFFICIALS ARE EXPERTS WITH THE AX
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
DB. KILanSB'S SWAMP BOOT.
WHAT IS
THEREASON?
Why Is It that yon are not ec;ual to
the task Nature sets for you to do?
Why do ycu find weakness stealing
over you and growing day by day?
Why that ashy, chalky complexion?
"Why that inability to hold r°ur
urine?
Why those distressing pains across
your back?
All these symptoms are unmistaka-
ble evidences of kidney trouble.
The kidneys, that make the human
engine of life move as Nature intended.
are not working properly and shou'.d
have prompt attention.
If you need a medicine for kidney,
bladder or uric acid trouble, you *hou!ti
begin usin? the famous new discovery.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. It gives
quick relief and cures the most dis-
tressing: cases.
Hospitals use It in all klnd3 cf cases,
especially severe and urgent ones. Doc-
tors prescribe It freely ln their oractice
and in their families, and use it when
they need a kidney and bladder tonic
themselves.
Tens cf thousands of gTateful pa*
tients have written to Dr. Kilmer &
Co.. and these letters have fash-
ioned Into a handy volume of ready
reference, which should be is z*9Tf
household. This volume and a sampl»
bottle of Swamp-Root will be mailed
to any reader of thi3 paper who will
send name and address to Dr. Kilmer
& Co. and state that they rcid this
generous offer in the San Francisco
Dally Call.
If there is any doubt In your mind as
to your condition, take from your urin*
on arising about two ounces, place It
In a glass or bottle and let it stand
twenty-four hours. If. on examination,
it Is milky or cloudy. If there 13 a brfefc-
dust settling or if small particles Coat
about ln it. your kidneys are ln need of
Immediate attention.
Swamp-Root is for sale everywhere
in lo'tles of two sizes and two prices—
SO rents and $1. Remember the name.
Fwamp-Root. and the address, Bln?-
hamton. N. T.
;BEEGHAffI'SPiLLS|
; taken. at night will make you \
• feel right, act right and look*
! right. They cure Constipation. *
t lOc<?nt« so"! 23fi"n». r.t all <3rasr 'torn. J
iff fH^Si
A MAN'S MOTHER-IN-LAW
Even can't L.d fault with onr laun-
dry work. The most severe scrutiny
will only «how how perfect It Is and
how superior to all other work In this
line. There Is no flaw in the beauty
of the color or finish that we lay r>n
ycur linen when it i 3 done up at the
United States Laundry.
United State* Laundry. Offlo»
1004 Market Streat.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
111 I 1 I I 111 1 I diseases cured or no
UII U I ILJ i. pay. No detention from
Mill 1 llnr business. DRS. MA.N3-
Itl J I 1 111 I I FIELD * PORTER.
1V U I I UIVL. FIEJ.D. *3* Market St..
Pun Frarwi *<•<¦>.
f ELECTRIC TREATMENT FREE!|
9. rH^\ NOW YOU CAN KNOW WHAT CDRATIVE ELECTRICITY IS! 0
* v +£b you can test its POWER! you can feel its restorative ACTION! 6
x iIR McLAiJuHLiN S- ELECTRIC BELT %
x iV^yw^^ JkjJ Has taJcen such ho d ln the med!ca l worl d that '* is the one assured X
O aVwv^ --^<Jr/ / /^^\ remedy for disease. PREJUDICE IS DISARMED by thousands of cures A
(l> i\Wk\ N*^\w^. L wn^m and dally letters, all pointing to that remedy which is arousing such X
0 fi/s fob. J*r Interest among sufferers and physicians. During this month I will A
A s -^l %£& j W' glve t0 every one call!n ° at m y °ff' ces a special A
* FREE TRIAL TREATiMENT 0
$ 'If W^^^M y"^^^^ma^^^\ of curatlve electricity from my grand Static Battery. Why this offer? £
A (w^^^^r To illustrate the power of my electric appliances: to prove that by 9
W&fiw®& these ' absolute| y cure P ain « weakness and nervo-vltal derangements, v
$ Wffl%g& Names and addresses of men and women whom my treatment has re- 9
Q y^^fu ' stored will be given you. and to them you may refer. You are in- 9
Q \ -i vited t0 cal! and take a trsal treatment free> and see what jt is like - X
9 *^ \\ • Hereby you can test my method, which cures without medicine or 9
9 \ W^^M^^^^M surgery. You will find my application of electricity Is the most 9
Q '*£¥£0&$;!t* I \ < ffl Intelligent and perfect of the age. the grandest fnvlgorator for weakness, the best tonic 0
<S '/>':^';-^c^^;v\' \y^'**-> Piiiillia»£raaßv9 for your nerves. Then why suffer? Why put off curing that Backache, Rheumatism. O
r> ':••'¦£-"' 1 i fiW-*^ Kidney Trouble cr Nervous Weakness? You may treat your aliment as a trlfllnj matter <S
o : sTv^ 1 i !)) Si* Illii^ lliiliil H cr say you cant af ' or! * t0 attend t0 !t now ' >2t one '¦ nay c:st ycu Io ° cr * 500 f:r Q
1 t| ,,.| ' /%r*»3bw^ KaissSi (Jill lUf il Lurobcgo and Sciatica. froe; my IHustra'ed book Is free — this ycu V
9 / tJfmS^^Kßlli 1181 iff H RTO c? BC "j£S^ B s Ul iso nS " San Fran " certainly should read. 9
O H^^^^^^S^^^S^ |Urn la m DRf CO M. an A a Mclaughlin— Dear -p. •?> • , r T -,••. O
A Wmrl'l&P* rs-^^fit &^^S3F§£9 fills fH H Doctor: .I have b«>n wparin? your H"p M A M pi QTIfIPM NT! A
O J-JS^ IV^^l^FH^K^WfiKlJSfll lH H Electric Belt for about two months. II V 14 V lf. I/i, |U| Q
O Jf^PS* l! 5 ar ' 1 " ch " erfully acknowledge that I 1/1 • 111* lit lflUJJUjUJ^llllllj V
*H ,-iii'lt C! 'I Pil^^^fe^^K/rtrSw U ify e iu r mbaßO anxfVclatlca 'hav" duL™- "O2 Market St.. cor. K>arr.y. 3. F. : Burtlck .
O ~— |i f ' \J n "(JSW^^^Pi Si'/! itaSiS Iff/I F>*E peared. and my digestion has been 81->ck. <-n r . s P ri- 5 and ?«con.i Stj.. I>-s An- Q
A «^-- " rT '- : ,W { -Jz^zsS&WVimfl U\m JlK?»!ffilM/In/if>sv largely benefited. Very truly yours. fr*l*«- Of flc* hours— 4 a. in. to 830 p. m.: San- I
O V — •=Sf-nr^J J'iilffi jifli]|j|jlfji{l|(l'ilU G. W. TERRILL. days. 19 to I NEVER SOLD IN" DRUG- O
6<XK><KK><XX>O<>O<X><><>^
OO©C<?OOOCS©OeO©OQG©OO3OGOO©C©C©««3Q©©eO©«»O
! ...ALASKA...
1 COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
© .'.'.TOR... W
I NOME - ST. MICHAEL - DAWSON
| ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
| FOR NOME DIRECT-
O FVom F«n Frarrtaco. S. 8. PORTLAND April 30, 1900
Q) Frcm Seattle, S. 6. DORA April 30. 1&00 '
{J Frcm Sxa Frxr.cisco. S. S. RAINIER May 10. 1900
• FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS-
q From San Fr&ncJsco. E. 6. ST. PAUL. May H
Q A Steamer Will B« DUpatched Every Fortnight Th^reaftw
0 FOH JrXEAU. SITKA. PRINCE WILLIAM eOL'ND. COOKS INLET. KODIAK AND
O ALL INTERMEDIATE POINTS.
O From S«att!c, S. 8. BERTHA. Commenting April Sth. and Monthly Thereafter.
For r««w folders, map* and further particulars aa to freight and passage, apply to
© ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANT. 210 Sansotao Btreet. San Francisco. CaL
*f Fcr Seattle Ballings Aprly to
5 CAPT. JAS. CARROLI* Mutual Uf« Bide. Seattl*. Wash.
G
5The Chinese mind is slow in acting, but it is gener
ally sure in its conclusions. Resident natives of the
Flowery Kingdom have met and decided that the list
of dead in the local war is large enough and hostilities
must cease.
The report that the University of Chicago has de
cided to adopt phonetic spelling may be due to a con
clusion on the part of President Harper that it will be
nothing more than proper for the university founded
by Rockefeller to imitate his contempt for the
spelling-book.
A woman called as a witness in a lawsuit in New
York nearly paralyzed the Judge and jury by declar
ing that a woman who puts powder on her face is no
lady. The importance of inquiring into the sanity of
the witness seems never to have occurred to anybody.
Portugal seems to have arrived at the. conclusion
that it is better to be looked upon as a small nation
rather than as a contemptible one. Her statesmen,
if reports be true, arc insisting that the nation must
be recognized as no one's tool.
When a party clamors for more money and then
denounces a Secretary of the Treasury for putting
into circulation all the money he can, it is not worth
while to call the proceeding inconsistent; it is suffi
cient to say it is Democratic.
Secretary Hay, having doffed his coat and shot his
cuffs to demand an explanation of the Delagoa Bay
seizures, British statesmen accuse him of resorting to
"shirtsleeve" diplomacy. Well, suppose it is? It suits
us.
The British have frequently been accused of trying
to o-.vn the C2rth, but the first definite indication that
they wanted to get off the earth was that they are,
according to reports, living in caves at Ladysmith.
Gulllet's Ice Cream and Cakes. 103 LarVn
St.: tel. Cost 19S. •
The Fastest Train Across the Conti-
nent.
The California Limited. Santa F» Routa»
Connecting train leaves 5 p. m., Monday.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any lir.9 ta
the Kast. Ticket office. 62S Market street.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— H. S. Browne
of Los Angeles Is at the Ebbltt House:
ex-Congressman John T. Cutting of San
Francisco is In Washington.
NOVELTIES OF INVENTION.
SOME of the inventions for which patents have
been recently sought are sufficiently novel to be
generally interesting. Though a good many of
them may prove to be of little value for practical use,
they show the infinite variety of purpose to which the
minor inventors of our country are directing their
thoughts and energies. None of them are so sensa
tional as that of the Russian who is trying to discover
a serum to prevent men from growing old, or of the
Frenchman who is making experiments with dead
bodies in an effort to find a means of restoring life,
but they are nevertheless ample evidences of the in
genuity of our people.
As American life is essentially utilitarian, most^f
our inventions are devised to effect a saving of labor
in some way, or to improve the methods of perform
ing some common act of work. One inventor has de
vised a plan by which mail carriers driving in carts
can collect mail from boxes by the wayside without
getting out of the cart. Another has a method of
fastening an animal to a post in such a way as to al
low opportunity for grazing without getting entangled
in the rope, or getting the rope wrapped around the
post
One of the most ingenious things is a new style of
picture devised by a Georgia artist. He paints the
background upon one piece of glass or other trans
pp.rent substance and the various, objects of the pic
ture on other pieces. These separate pictures are
then stacked together, the foreground being placed
first and the others in their order between it and the
background. The different pieces are separated from
one another by spacing blocks. When looked at the
eye passes through the transparencies to the back
ground, and it is said very fine effects in perspective
can be obtained in that way. One of the advantages
of the method is that it is not necessary to make the
different pieces fit exactly,. and it does not matter if
the various objects painted on them overlap. If there
was a tree on the second sheet and a house directly
behind it on the third sheet, the tree trunk would ob
scure just that portion of the house which it would
tinder actual conditions, the house showing through
the branches of the trees in a natural way. Conse
quently, as the observer changes his position the tree
will cover different portions of the house behind it.
thus altering the angle of perspective of the picture
and producing an effect upon the eye which closely
resembles the change of perspective in a landscape or
other scene when the position of the observer is
changed.
Housewives and professional cooks may be pleased
to know there has been devised a method of roasting
boneless meats without binding them together with
wooden skewers. An Illinois man has invented a
system of elastic binding which holds the meat to
gether and tightens automatically during the cooking
process, so that the meat can be cooked in any 6hape
desired.
Another notable invention is that of putting up
electricity in capsules for home use. According to
the claims of the inventor a three-grain capsule of it,
put into an ordinary battery cell, will yield enough
electricity to run a sixteen-candle power incandescent
light for one hour. It. is said that the chemical can
be sold as cheaply as calomel. It is also said that the
new agent will not consume zinc in the battery as
rapidly as the solution now in use.
These are by no means all of the novelties. There
are others even more whimsical. For example, an in
ventor at Helena, Mont, has patented a horseshoe
sharpener. Two ladies of Harrisburg, in Pennsyl
vania, have patented, jointly, a "serving-maid's step
ladder," guaranteed not to upset when in use. A
Wisconsin man has patented a collapsible coffin, sep
arated into subsections and as portable as a hand
satchel. A Minnesota man has patented a disappear
ing visor or peak whereby mechanically a soldier's
hat may be turned into a polo cap by pressing a but
ton to be found over the left ear.
It will be seen from these things that while the
European scientists may lead us in efforts to obtain
immortal life or to raise- the dead, we are leading in
the arts that make such life as we have more enjoy
able and easier on the worker. Up to this time our
ingenuity has been devoted almost wholly to devising
appliances for industrial pr domestic life, but pc-haps
we may soon direct it to municipal needs, and
then we may get an automatic Mayor or self-regulat
ing Police Commissioners, and be spared much
trouble that now harasses us. ,
Amid the musical, sweet sounds of the time is a
song containing this verse:
For I am the Mayor bold.
And soon I hope to be
The cuy clerks
And the Public Works
- And the free dispensary.
Then I'll be the Water Board,
The City Council, too;
The Police Chief
I'll bring to grief
And I'll be the entire crew.
It may be necessary to state that the song is not de
signed for the Mayor of San Francisco, but the
Mayor of Baltimore.
- British military authorities complain that they can't
see the Boers, and consequently can't hit them. The
doughty invaders had possibly been practicing at
man targets and thought the Boers would be ac
commodating enough to act as substitutes.
valuable remedy In cases of scald 3 and
burns."— Thj remedy is given for what it
is worth. "Castor oil poured over burns
or scalds, no matter how extensive, gives
Immediate relief as an emollient, keeps tha
air out, softens the burned or scalded skin
to a gelatin, takes out and keeps out the
feverish heat, stops the irritation that Is
so terrible while healing Is In progress,
takes away all dry harshness and Is a
perfect God's blessing. The common pu
rified castor oil. which can be had at any
drug store. Is what I mean."
STATE OFFICERS— I* W. H.. Gold
Run. Cal. The State officers of California
are: H. T. Gage. Governor; Jacob IL
Neff. Lieutenant Governor: C. F. Curry.
Secretary of State: E. P. Colgan, Control
ler;' Truman Reeves, Treasurer: T. L.
Ford. Attorney General; Martin J. "Wright.
Surveyor General: George "W. Root. Clerk
of the Supreme Court; Thomas J. Kirk,
Superintendent of Public Instruction; A.
J. Johnson. Superintendent of State Print
ing; George C. Perkins. United States
Senator; James A. Rarham. Congressman,
First District: Marion de Vries. Second;
Victor H. Metcalf. Third; Julius Kahn,
Fourth: Eugene F. Loud, Fifth: Russell
J. Waters. Sixth, and James C. Needham,
Seventh District.
THE CENTURY— Twenty or more cor
respondents. The Call at various times
recently has had a number of articles as
to the time when the twentieth century
commences. These are Interesting read-
Ing. It Is generally understood that the)
Christian era commenced with the birth
of Christ, that being so. that event was
ISO 9 years ago and as It takes one hundred
years to make a century and nineteen
hundred years to make nineteen of them.
we will not enter the twentieth century
until 1901.
Much argument and ink has- been
wasted on this very simple matter by
those who, as some one wittily said. havs>
tried
To rrore by metaphysics f.n»
One hundred means but nlaety-nlne:
"Whllo at th«lr wisdom others wondered.
But took cne more to make a hundred.
Eliza Rope and James Rope of Oakland,* husband
and wife, do not seem to pull well together. Mrs.
Rope, who was spliced to James a dozen years ago,
has applied for a divorce. She bases her request upon
the assertion that Jim is too strong to work.
Roosevelt has joined the crowd that- denounces
trusts, but, like the rest, he merely swells the chorus
and does not undertake to provide a remedy.
The House did up the debate ofi the financial bill
in fine style, but now there is danger the Senate will
muss it all up again and make more trouble.
THE FIGHT AGAINST MORGAN.
SENATOR MORGAN'S speech on Monday
upon the negro problem was doubtless in
tended more for effect in Alabama than for the
coumry at large. The Senator's political fences at
home are being thrown down on every side by an ag
gressive set of antagonists, and from the far distance
of the national capital he has to sound a trumpet note
that will rally his followers to look after his interests
md protect them during his absence. S3S
It is significant of the force of the attack against
Morgan that while the election of the next Legisla
ture in Alabama does not occur until August, ths
primary contests in the Democratic ranks have tJeen
going on for some time. Already quite a number of
primary elections have been held, and in each of them
the chief fight was between Morgan and anti-Morgan
candidates. Shortly before Congress assembled the
Senator and his chief competitor, Governor Johnson,"
held several joint debates in the principal cities.of the
State, and the audiences appeared to be about equally
Wants to Strike Oil.
Frank Enos, a seafaring man. whose
land residence Is In Oakland, filed * libel
yesterday In the United States District
Court against the whaling bark Gayheail
to recover $1255 alleged balance due on hia
"lay" of whale oil and bone taken by th«
whaler on two voyages to the Okhotsk
Sea, lasting about three years.
All persons afflicted with dyspepsia will flnd
Immediate relief and sure cure by uslns Dr.
Biegert'B Angostura Bitters.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
NOT A PREMIUM COIN-J. G. L., Oak-
land, Cal. A $3 gold piece of ISS2 is not
one of those fcr which a premium is of
fered by coin collectors.
REBATE— A. S.. City. Whenever there
is a rebate on taxes paid and a certain
amount Is to be returned to taxpayers, no
officer of the city government is author
ized to demand 10 per cent or any other
sum for returning the same.
SOLDIER AND CITIZEXSHIP-J. M.,
City. Any alien of the age of 21 years who
has been in the armies of the United
States and has been honorably discharged
therefrom may become a citizen of the
United States upon his petition without
any previous declaration, provided he has
resided in the United States at least one
year previous to his application and Is of
good moral character. It has been decided
that in a case of this class the discharged
soldier need not have lived one year con
tinuously in any one of the States.
FOR BURNS— A correspondent writes
to this department on the subject of "a
Personally Conducted Excursions
In improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourl.«t
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany thesa excur-
sions to look after the welfare, of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. 6CS Market street.
Cash In City Treasury.
The counting of the cash In the city
treasury, which has been going on sine*
Monday last, was completed yesterday at
noon and showed the sum of $1,775,437 45
In the various funds. The accounts were
found to be correct to a cent, and Treas-
urer Brooks signed a receipt in full in
favor of retiring Treasurer Truman.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend'a famoug broken candy 10c
pound while at 733 Market street. •
REGISTERED LETTERS
TAKEN BY CARRIERS
CONVENIENCE TO PEOPLE IN
RESIDENCE DISTRICTS.
Will Not Be Obliged, to Spend Car
fare to Mail Valuable
Parcels.
The Postmaster General has designated
the San Francisco Postofflce as one of
the offices selected to inaugurate the new
system of letter carrier registration. The
number of these offices is few. and each
has been chosen with regard to the known
ability and enterprise of the Postmaster
in charge.
The system will go Into effect next
Monday and will be a great convenience
to the Inhabitants of the residence dis
tricts, business houses In or out of that
district no.t being Included.
Householders will be enabled to mall a
registered letter merely by handing it to
the regular carrier and taking his receipt
therefor. But all letters must be prop
erly prepared with the necessary stamps
and directions, otherwise the carrier will
not be allowed to receive them. In case
a carrier should overlook the fact that
a letter has not been properly directed
or stamped and should hand the same
Into the office the sender will be notified
by means of a "held for postage" card.
Patrons, in lieu of the stamps, may pay
the carrier the money, which fact will
be noted on the receipt to be given to
them by the carrier.
Rates of- postage for Guam and the
Philippine Islands have been reduced, and
domestic rates, classification and condi
tions now apply to all mall matter for
those islands.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— Frank Temple
ton of San Francisco Is at the Grand.
Georgia Charles Baldwin of San Fran
cisco Is at the GUsey. William Beck and
Mrs. W. R. Beck of San Francisco are at
the Empire.
THE CURSE OF PUBLIC GAMBLING.
\A AYOR PHELAN in his annual message
/ \ epoke encouragingly of the improvement to
be brought about in the Police Department
by the operation of the new charter. The evils which,
existed under, the old system he attributed mainly to
the influences emanating from the Chinese quarter.
X"Chinatown,"'K "Chinatown,"' he Raid, "where prostitution and gam
bling in violation of law can only exist by connivance
cf the police, has been a field of corruption demoral
izing to the department."
The Mayor then went on in these words, whose
truth cannot be disputed and whose warning ought
to be impressed upon the Supervisors and upon every
other official having any authority in such matters:
"Public gambling is a great evil, leading to poverty,
disgrace, defalcation and death, which the records of
this department abundantly prove, and its practice
should be discountenanced and suppressed.
It is not in Chinatown only that there has been
public gambling in San Francisco, nor has it been
solely to the effects of vice in that quarter that the
police records of the *ity contain so many stories of
thame, crime ar.d suicide. To the track gambling at
Ingleside Park dunng the time of its existence
under its recent management could be traced
as many trails of fraud and of blood as to
the slums of Chinatown. Comparatively few per
sons of the industrious element of the community
zre betrayed a/id mined by the enticements of China
town, but the Inglcside track debauched and ruined
men and even women in all grades of society. The
confidential . employes of large business houses,
trusted public officers, women of high social stand
ing, were caught in that spider-web of gambling, and
many of them were ruined utterly and escaped prison
only by flight or suicide.
The Mayor has done. well in pointing out these
evils to the Supervisors and recalling public attention
once more to the record of the results of public
gambling. They were all familiar enough during the
outburst of popular indignation against the track
gamblers which induced the late Board of Super
visors to suppress the nefarious trade, but they may
r - ....
have been forgotten to some extent, and it is timely
to revive the memory of them now that the gamblers
arc boasting of having a majority of the present board
?,. ; . , '
pledged to permit them to resume the old practices.
taostß
San Francisco has had experience enough with that
vice to teach wisdom to all of its people for the rest
...
01 this generation.
CONVENTION WAS
PACKED, THINKS
MEMBER KEARNEY
Cattle v Men Dictated
Its Policy.
FLOOD SAVERS WERE FOOLED
»
FOBESTS ENDANGERED BY THE
COUBSE TAKEN.
M. Theo. Kearney said last night, In an
interview, that the recent California
water and forest convention was
"packed" by the cattle men for the pur
pose of getting Indorsement for their
scheme to have the Government lease to
them timbered land in this State for the
grazing of their herds of cattle and sheep.
"I was a member of the committee on
platform at that convention," said Mr.
Kearney. "I fought in the committee to
have a declaration against the use of
timbered lands by the cattle men. 1
brought in a minority report from the
committee on platform, opposing the leas
ing of timbered lands. P. A. Buell, In the
committee, proposed the Insertion of the
word 'untimbered' in the resolution con
cerning the grazing lands, so that it would
have read: 'We favor the leasing of the
untimbered public grazing lands at a
nominal rental," etc. We fought to havo
the word in and we won the fight then
for the time being. The commute worked
all night. About midnight there was an
attempt to have the word 'untimbered'
dropped, but the attempt failed. But, in
the morning, when some of those who
had stood up for the proposition to ex
empt the timbered lands from the pro
visions of the resolution were absent, the
word was stricken out and the report
went to the convention in that shape.
"The convention was nearly over when
the discussion concerning the grazing
lands came up. Some of the delegates had
gone home. Some of the city delegates,
who understood the matter, were disin
clined to make a fuss. 1 objected to the
adoption of the resolution as it stood. Ho
did Will S. Green. The attorneys fought
for it. The telegraphic dispatches from
.Washington . tell of the progress of the
Foster bill providing for leases of
public grazing lands. The cnttle
men are represented as being dis
satisfied with the chance to lease the
lands for ten years, and they say that
they should have at least fifteen years,
and they would like to have the leases
for twenty years. In ten years the for
ests would be ruined. The verdure would
be gone, and the land would t>© packed
hard. The rainfall would run off and be
lost, for the soil would no longer be
spongy as It now is.
"It is no new thing for the cattle men to
work against the interest of the other
people of the State. When the agricul
tural settlers first began to plant In the
San Joaquin Valley it was all their lives
were worth. The cattle men did not want
them there. They let their cattle- in to
destroy the wheat. The tight to make
them fence their ranges took years
before success was reached. They fought
the irrigators in turn. Mr. Maxwell, who
led the national irrigationißts In the late
convention of the Water and Forest Asso
ciation, has been the attorney, so I am
told, in nearly all the suits against the
irrigation districts organized under the
Wright law. When the late convention
was proposed the national irrigators, who
are the cattle men, fought in every way
possible. They did not want to have It.
It took money to carry on that fight. The
cattle men put up that money, in my opin
ion. Delegations were fixed all over the
State.. Wnen- the convention came to
gether William Thomas, who had started
the movement and who felt. desirous of
having it a success, was shaking in his
boots for fear that he would be outvoted.
The cattle men were in a majority. They
had the attorneys In the convention,
whose business it was to see that the
leasing of grazing lands should be in
dorsed and also to see that there should
be no exemption of timbered lands. The
Foster bill and the proceedings of the con
vention fit in together. They are all in
pursuance of the same purpose and the
sump plan of the cattle men.
"My opposition was to the leas© of the
timbered lands north of Tehachapi In
California. If there Is anything that we
ought to preserve it is the timber of the
Sierras. I said that the other States and
Territories were perhaps able to take care
of themselves, but that we ought to stand
up for California. The forest growth and
the grass on the mountains constitute the
-pieapest form of a storage reservoir,
'J- eeplng back the waters until a large
Share of them Is absorbed by the soil.
1 "It is not too late to do something if
there is public spirit In California to tako
the matter up. The California delegation
in Congress should be urged at once to
oppose the Foster bill. I am extremely
Indignant that our State convention
should -have been so bamboozled as to
advocate the destruction of the best reser
voir that we had.
"The • resolution that the convention
adopted was a sham. It provided that the
revenue arising from the lease of the pub-
Ho grazing lands should be applied to
supplying us with Irrigation works. The
rates that th# cattlemen are ready to
pay for the lands are from one to three
cents per acre. The cost of collection
would equal the whole revenue and there
would be nothing left, as any sensible
man knows. That resolution was all rot.
A bigger fraud was never put on the peo
ple. If our convention should lead to the
passage of the Foster bill then the con
vention could be estimated as the worst
that could have been held for our wel
fare. The Government can protect the
timbered land by having guardians and
keeping off the sheep and the cattle, pro
viding penalties for infringement that
would be respected. If cattlemen must
destroy the timber on all the other moun
tain ranges in the country let them leave
the ranges of California alone. If the
lands are leased the Government will be
powerless to Interfere while the forests
are being destroyed."
Representative Kahn of California in a Characteristic Pose
— Washinton Star.
THE TAXATION OF TELEPHONES.
OUR Eastern exchanges are giving no little con
sideration to a recent decision of the Supreme
Court of Ohio upon the taxable value of tele
phones,' in which the court laid down a principle
which if generally accepted will lead to a marked
change in the imposition of taxes upon all kinds of
rnrnr>rn?inn<;.
It appears from the reports that the cost of a tele
phone is about $3 40, while the rent charged for the
use of it in Ohio is $14 a year. The telephone com
panies contended that the tax rate should be assessed
upon the cost value of the telephone, but the Su
preme Court has decided that the renting value should
govern, and accordingly sustained an assessment of
each telephone at a valuation of $233, capitalizing at
6 per cent the annual rental value.
It is stated that the decision is in line with a de
cision made by the same court a few years ago in an
issue affecting the assessment of the Adams Express
Company. In that case it was conceded that the value
of the property of the express company in Ohio was
hardly more than $500,000, but that the earnings of
the company in the State amounted to several mil
lions. The court held that the company must pay
taxes upon the earnings and not upon the mere value
of the apparatus used in the business.
According to the New York Sun, the opposite doc
trine prevails in that State. "Our Court, of Appeals,"
it says, "decided in the Union Trust Company case
that the intangible good will which the company has
created by the skill, enterprise and integrity of its
management, and which leads buyers to pay for its
stock a vastly higher price than is warranted by the
mere book value of its assets, is not a proper subject
of taxation. It is analogous to the professional
reputation of a lawyer or a physician, or to the credit
of a banker or a merchant, which, indeed, have a
pecuniar}' value to their owners, but which, being
incapable of transference to other owners, should not
be taxed."
The argument of the Sun that the income of a tele
phone or an express company is analogous to that of
a professional man cannot be sustained. The profes
sional reputation which enables a successful lawyer
or physician \o make large earnings cannot be sold or
transferred, and is therefore not to be regarded as
property; but the earning power of a franchise like
that of a telephone corporation can be sold in the
market, and is sold whenever any of its stock is mar
keted. There is, in fact, none of that "intangible good
will/ of which the Sun speaks, involved in the value
of telephone or express business, for it matters noth
ing to the managers of either of those monopolies
whether they have the good will of the community or
not.
The wide differences which exist in the methods of
various States in dealing with questions relating to
corporations arc by no means creditable to the
sagacity of our lawmakers or our Judges. Experience
must by this time have shown which State has reached
the best method of taxing them, and what principles
of law are most applicable to the justice of the issues
between them and the people. Nevertheless the whole
subject remains in confusion, and what courts of Ohio
declare to be justice those of New York regard as
something very like confiscation. It is about time
something like uniformity prevailed on such issues,
for they have now become among the most important
in our politics.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker. Is a
guest at the Palace.
I. W. Skinner, a wealthy fruit man of
Marysvllle. 13 staying at the Grand.
Judge Stanton L. Carter Is here from
Fresno and is registered at the Lick.
John M. Fulweller. a leading lawyer of
Auburn, is one of the late arrivals at the
Lick.
E. L.. Flnley, proprietor of the Santa
Rosa Pres3-Democrat, Is a guest at the
California.
Dr. W. T. Barry, a -well-known medical
man of Castrovllle, Is registered for a
short stay at the Grand.
Thomas Kirk, State Superintendent of
Public Instruction, is a guest at the LJck.
where he arrived last night from Sacra
mento.
John Harrington, a millionaire cannery
man of Pillar Rock, Wash., la at the Oc
cidental while on a short business trip to
this city.
"Walter Ellis, a prominent attorney of "
Boston. Mass.. Is at the Palace. He Is
on a short business and pleasure trip to
the coast.
K. Tabale, a Japanese merchant who !s
on his way home after an extended busi
ness trip through the East, is registered
at the Palace.
Mrs. K. J. Mackenzie, a prominent so
ciety woman of Portland. Ore., Is at the
Occidental, en route to Mexico. With her
are Miss Belle McKee and Miss Alice Si!
son, whom she is chaperoning- on the trip.
Edward I. Rodgers. a member of the
New York Board of Trade, is a guest at
the Palace, where he arrived yesterday.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Pal
ace is "Walter Ellis, a prominent attorney
of Boston, Mass.
divided between them. Thus the Senator finds it im
perative to do something at Washington to counter
act the work his opponents are doing at home to
weaken his influence with the voters.
Morgan entered the Senate in 1877 and bad at that
time a notable array of Southern colleagues, among
them being Lamar of Mississippi, Garland of Ar
kansas, Isham G. Harris of Tennessee, Ransom of
North Carolina and Ben Hill of Georgia.. Of that
group Morgan is the only one left He was ac
counted a radical Democrat in his time, but now he
is too conservative for the young men of Alabama,
and the fight against him is being made ostensibly on
the ground that he is not loyal to Bryan, not suffi
ciently devoted to the cause of free silver. To meet
the fight of the Bryanites he falls back upon the old
familiar Democratic battle-field of the South and
makes an effort to rally the people to him by standing
forth in the Senate as the champion of the white man
against negro equality.
Reports from Alabama show that the conflict be
tween the contending forces is doubtful. Morgan is
a strong and resourceful leader, but he is old, while
his opponent, Governor Johnson, has been in that
office for two terms and has political patronage as
well as comparative youth on his side. Fortunately
for the Senator, the opposition is divided, and two
other candidates share with Johnson the hope of suc
ceeding to his seat. His defeat would remove a no
table figure from the Senate, and one of its most
influential members, for ever since the retirement of
Edmunds Morgan has been recognized as the ablest
lawyer in the upper, house. It would be the more
noticeable because Senator Vest has announced that
he will not be a candidate for re-election. Thus
Democracy would lose two veteran leaders at once,
and it is doubtful if their successors would be able
to fill their places.
THE HOUSE PICTURE GALLERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
HONOR THE HEROIC DEAD.
r\ RMY headquarters report that the body of the
j\ late General Lawton was shipped from Manila
* * on the transport Thomas and is expected to
reach this port about the ist of February. There
will be of course a military, demonstration in honor
of the memory of the hero when the transport ar
rives, and the body will be received with observances
due to Lawton's rank and service and his death on
the field of battle.
It would be altogether right and fitting for the
Mayor to take action to mark the occasion by a civil
as well as a military display. Something should be
done by the city to show the respect which the peo
ple of the. whole country have. for the illustrious
dead. It should not be left for his military com
rades alone to do honor to his memory. The great
body of his fellow-citizens, for whose interests he
fought and for whose flag he died, should be repre
sented by dignitaries of civil life taking part in the
solemn ceremonies which attend the return of his
body to his native land.
General Lawton well merited every honor that can
be conferred upon his memory. In his career he rep
resented the best type of the American soldier. As a
cavalry leader he exhibited a remarkable faculty for
war, and had he had the fortune to command a large
body of troops in a great campaign would doubtless
have ranked with Sheridan and Stuart among the
foremost cavalrymen the world has known. His life
has been the thing of greatest value we have yet had
to pay for our possessions in the Philippines, and
San Francisco, as the representative of the civil bodies
of the country, should unite with the army and the
National Government in receiving his remains with
due honor.
| j r^^||! Healthy Cigarettes— not {
¦|^p|lp. Japs or Chinamen W/M
:!||j|^^SSj!jj| vJlilS Russian Blend— V Msxi
THURSDAY JANUARY v, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W S. L^KE. Manage r
PLBL.ICATION OFFICE. .Mar Vet and Third. S. P.
Telephone Main ISG3.
EDITORIAL. JIOOMS. . . .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Drllvrrrd by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Weelc
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Inrlndlng Postages
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday), one yenr. .96.00
DAILY CALL (Includfns Monday). «» month*. . 3.00
DAILY CALL « molu.line Sunday). 3 months.. 1. ."".(>
DAILY CALL — llv Sln«rl<? Month 65c
SI.\DAV CALL One Year X.&o
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters arc aatborlied to receive
subscription!!.
Sample copies will' be forwarded when reaneited
OAIiMM) OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Uamater For* IKm AdveriMne. Uaranctfe Bnild
lngr. Chlcaeo.
M2W YORK COBRESPOKDEXTi
C. C CAIILTOX Herald Sanare
SEW YORK IIEPUESEXTATIVEt
rnmtY LIKEXS Jit 2O Tribune nulldlnc
CHICAGO SEWS STAXDSi
Sherman Honiei P. O. \eir« Co.; Great North
ern Iloteli Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
STEW YORK >E\VS STAXDSi
Waldorf-A«iorin Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 tnlon
laoarei "Inrray Hill Hotel.
WASHI\GTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BB.A3CCH OFFICES 52T Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes,
open until 0-.::o o'cloelc <;."'.!> McAlllnter. open
until ".-.::»> o'clock. t»IS LurUin, open until
9:30 o'clock. li»41 Mianlon. open until 1O
ti'floik. 22t>l Market, corner Sixteenth, open
aatll 9 oVlock. lv'.'H Valencia, open until 9
o'clock. lOC Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock.
AW. corner Twenty>second and Kentucky,
open uuttl 9 o'clock.
AiTUSEMENTS.
California— "The Prtnct-ss and the Butterfljr."
California— Emme Nevada, Friday afternoon.
Orrheuin— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Christian."
Tlvcll— "Little 80-Pef'p."
Gran! Oycra-house — "Sinbad.**
Aioaxar— "Myßterlois Mr. Bude."*
Alfcainbra— "An ACair of Honor."
Chutes Zoo ani Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•vertex.
¦Olytr.pla, corner sia«or, anil Ellis etreets — Speclaltlea.
Western Turf AKsoelaticn— Race* to-<!av.
6Occidental Kindergarten Election.
' The* Occidental Kindergarten Associa
tion met Monday afternoon and the fol
lowing officers were elected: President
Mrs. Mlesto; first vice president, Mrs'
Stein; Becond vice president. Miss Raf
fael; treasurer, Miss Stelnhart; corre
sponding secretary, Miss Elsa N. Frank;
recording secretary, Miss Carrie Frank,
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 3 MGHTS!
FAREWELL MATIXEE SATURDAY.
LIEBLER & CO. Present
H&U CaSne'B Most Powerful Play,
"THE CHRISTIAN."
Flral Xlffht. Saturday. January IS.
SEAT SALE ROW; IS PROGRESS FOR
LOUIS KATHRYN CHARLES B.
JAMES, KIDDER, HANFORD
In th» Mairmoth Production cf
"THE W/INTER'S T/\LE.'»
OPENING NIGHT NEXT MONDAY.
Th* Hlrh-water Mark cf Vaudeville.
THE ELINORE BISTERS.
la G*orffe M. Cohan's Greatest Hit. "DAN-
GEROUS MRS. DELANEY."
FRANK LATOXA, The Musical Tramp.
CHARLES A. GARDNER, JOHN and NEL-
LXE MaeARTHEV, BILLY RICE and H. W.
I--RILLMAN. THE ROZINOS. DOROTHY
JJUEW. TIiORNE and CARLETON.
Last Week of the Reigning Favorite,
FOUGERE
Reserved eeats, Xc; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
cr.d box ee-ats. T.Oc.
Matlneea Wednesday, Eatunlay and Bunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
FINAL PERFORMANCES
of the Gorgeous Extravaganza.
LITTLE 80-PEEP
MATINEE FOR CHILDREN SATURDAY.
BPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
Eussrtuous Production MONDAY, Jan. U,
of Frank Daniels' Great Comic Opera.
"THE SDOL'S EYE."
£eate Now on Eale for Next "Week.
POPULAR PRICES. 25c and 50c
OVn TELEPHONE. BUSH 9.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Madeline Lucelle Ry!»y's Legitimate Comedy
Drama,
SPECIAL BCENERY AND EFFECTS.
Next We-k— LADY WINDERMERE'S FAN.
American Debut of MAY BLAYNEY.
CHfTES^ND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ELLA DIRT, Coasting the Chutes.
major" tvvitje,
The Smallest Actor on
ANp A SPLENDID PROGRAMME.
TO-NIGHT, AMATEUR NIGHT!
LI HUNG CHANG'S CHINESE
AMATEURS
In Rag-Time Specialties.
Ftcct for Beat PARK 28
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Free to the
Ruptured.
Dr. W. S. Rice, the Weil-Known
Authority, Sends a Trial of His
Famous Method Free to All.
Anyone Can Now Cure Themselves
at Home Without Pain, Danger,
Operation or an Hour's Loss of
Time From Work.
To the thousands upon thoueands of ruptured
people who are torturing themselves with
trusses and In momentary danger of death from
strangulation Dr. W. 8. nice, 418 L.. Main
street. Adams, N.
ey., will send free
to all a trial of
x his famous method
\. that has saved bo
Y> , many lives and
Yv made so many
\\ men, women and
I children well and
.. I strong and perma-
:?£/ nently cured of old
Mfj and difficult rup-
W/ tures. Do not be
#/ backward about
*{. writing for the
£> free trial. It will
nv&u.ihtur w Ei* 7/ cost you nothing
Yw%3sM&!''<.r and wUI enabie
V«L«jiK^/ v ' you to see how
'<A^ easily you can cure
„ ? ¦, «.., . ~ yourself in a very
M. K. LYMAN. 6n ort time without
losing an hour from work. Dr. Rice Is deter-
mined that every suffering man or woman shall
know the wonderful truth that rupture can be
cured and he therefore generously sends, pre-
paid by mail, his method, absolutely free, and
you can make a free trial of it. Write to-day
without fall, as you cannot afford to miss this
free and generous offer.
Mr. M. K. Lyman, a highly esteemed citizen
of Delray, Fla., pays: "The Dr. Rice method is
a remarkable cure. I had an old rupture that
defied everything, but in three weeks there was
no protrusion and I have remained sound and
well ever since. I heartily recommend Dr. Rice
to every sufferer." Do not fail to write at once
for the free trial and thus cure yourself at home
•without pain, danger or detention from the
day's work. Write at once. Commence now
and before the heavy work of spring begins you
will be cured eound as a dollar.
Write to Dr. W. S. Rice, 418 L. Main St.,
Adams. N. T. You will never regret having
done so. •
I^sss REDUCED
rSi\ prices...
( j|Pt| V We are Clear-
I £?yOW / Ing out, :
k^^M J TA|| -0R suits, I
%^->- ,M JACKETS, I
:: mB§* CAFES and FURS ;
io^&^\ At Les « Th • n i
&?%k£> f 'ssrK Cash Prices. I
M#Wf&\ «1 A WELK i
/^Wr " '^V-yA * J7m Hay ments
##ft|l|sP CHICAGO !
TAILORING CO.,
I8!6 Market St. !
" Open Evenings. "• ;
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT KESTOKATIVB. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits
NABER. ALF3 & BRUNE. Agents,
828 Market street. B. F.— (Send for Circular).
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE. .BX3 FOLSOM BT.
he found anything addressed to Geoffrey
Chaucer he took It and made the most of
It. Shakespeare must have found a great
many things addressed to him in North's
translation of "Plutarch's Lives" (pub
lished in 1579), for out of it he got the ma
terial for "Julius Caesar," "Antony and
Cleopatra," "Timon of Athens" and
"Corlolanus." He was not at all careful
about adopting the scenes and incidents;
sometimes he even used the very lan
guage of Plutarch. It would be a profit
able task fcr a student of "Coriolanus"
to take down his North's Plutarch and
compare it with the play. He would be
struck by the decided similarity of the
two, and if he has fine ears and what De
Quincey calls an understanding heart he
would have a valuable lesson in distin
guishing between the dramatist and the
historian, between the myriad-mindednesa
of Shakespeare and the limited range of
Plutarch.
Hazlitt'3 Mistake aa to the Play.
Hazlitt, who was at times a discrim
inating critic of Shakespeare, was very
wide of the mark when he said with his
characteristically revolutionary spirit:
"The whole dramatic moral of 'Coriola
nus' is that those who have little shall
have less, and that those who have much
shall take all that others have left. The
people are poor, therefore they ought to
be starved. They are slaves, therefore
they ought to be beaten. They work
hard, therefore they ought to be treated
like beasts of burden." When Hazlitt
wrote this he must have had in mind the
tragedy of' the French revolution, of
which he was one of the belated prophets.
He might have come from a meeting at
Godwin's or a conversation with Shelley.
Such personal criticism is of a kind with
Coleridge's criticism of Hamlet. It is too
much after the order of early German
criticism that sought to reduce all of
Shakespeare's plays to certain moral
truths that the dramatist tried to incul
cate.
There are many striking things said In
this play about the mobs, Just as there
are in "Julius Caesar." But I doubt If
Shakespeare himself understood fully the
nature of the struggle between the plebe
ians and the patricians. He certainly does
not make as clear In the play as one
might expect the issue between them,
which shows that Shakespeare did not
care much himself for local coloring and
evidently did not wish to teach certain
facts about the plebeians. It is always
dangerous to say that, Shakespeare
teaches anything; certainly he does not
Identify himself with Coriolanus in this
play. He looks at him from the same ab
solute standpoint from which he views the
populace.
The Character of Coriolanus.
No, in this play we do not have a study
of political parties in Rome; the "study/
if we may use that term in an undldactic
sense, is Coriolanus himself. It is his
figure that dominates every scene in the
play. He is a character of heroic propor
tions. The of tener one reads the play the
more he feel 3 that here is one of Shake
speare's most imposing characters. He is
a man of power and in every way Is the
protagonist of the drama. Hamlet is not
more essential to the play that bears his
name than is Coriolanus to "Coriolanus."
One may not admire him In many ways,
and no one is drawn to him as a friend,
but there is something about him that is
gigantic and wonderful. He is a character
of the early Roman world not weakened
as Caesar was by personal Infirmities, or
as Antony was by love and lust, or as
Brutus by an inability to cope with
practical affairs. Coriolanus is a tower of
strength. His body is of gigantic propor
tions; he can fight against an entire army
when once within the walls of the enemy;
his voice Is thunderlike, so that his ene
mies shake as if the world were feverous
and did breathe. One knows the sound of
Marcius' tongue from every meaner man.
His will is imperious to warn, to threaten
and to command.
He carries about with him the badge of
hl3 strength even when disguised as a
peasant. The servants of Aufldius recog
nize him as no common man. "My mind
gave me his clothes and made a false re
port of him." "What an arm he has! He
turned me about with his finger and his
thumb as one would set a top." "I knew
by his face that there was something In
him. He Is simply the rarest man in the
world." Whether talking with the mob,
fighting battles or speaking to his soldiers
he is always the same heroic figure:
Ha is their god; he leads them like a thine
Made by some other diety than nature.
That shanes man better.
One thinks of him In connection with
Swift, whose fall, to quote the words of
Thackeray, was like that of an empire.
"He wants nothing of a god but eternity
and a heaven to throne In."
The Central Point in the Tragedy.
Now, in what does the tragedy consist?
In "Hamlet" there Is a passage that
might be. taken as the keynote to many of
Shakespeare's tragedies (1. 4)—
So oft It chances in' particular men
That for some vicious mole of nature In them
, Shall in the general censure take corruption
SAY WEST AND
ELLIOTT TIPPED
THE BUCK LIST
Prominent Grocers
Are Sued.
?
VIOLATION OF TRUST AVERRED
? ¦
RETAILERS' ASSOCIATION THE
PLAINTIFF IN FACT.
A blacklist, Issued by tho Retail Gro
cers' Association and intended solely for
the information of its members to pro
tect them against those who eat but fall
to pay, has resulted in the filing of a suit
for $10,000 damages against John Elliott
and James West, succeeding partners to
the firm of Montgomery & Company, gro
cers and tea merchants at 31 Sixth street,
118 Third street, 1645 Polk street and 600
Hayes street.
In the complaint filed yesterday, which
charges the defendants with a violation
of trust and agreement, with aiding those
who sought to pirate the commercial in
formation placed In their hands and with
exposing names of people to the gaze of
outsiders who had no right to their in
spection, the Interstate Law and Collec
tion Company appears as plaintiff. In
fact, however, the Retail Grocers' Asso
ciation, of which the plaintiff is a branch,
is the complainant, and, through Attorney
Albert M. Armstrong, is prosecuting the
suit.
Defendant John Elliott, In addition to
hiß prominence in business circles, is more
widely known as a member of the Olympic
Club. Mr. West, his partner, although
not as closely identified with the social
side of life, is equally well known, and
the charge against them by the Retail
Grocers' Association has occasioned In
tense surprise.
Karly in the week suit was filed in tho
United States Court by the association
against the Robbins agency to recover
$25,000 damages sustained, it was alleged,
through the action of the agency in pub
lishing the grocers' ''black list," which, in
some unknown manner, fell into the hands
of the management; also, to restrain the
agency, from issuing a January rating
book, which, the grocers claim, will again
be made up from the list of slow payers.
Twenty-three firms who subscribed for
the services of the agency were made co
defendants in the suit, and, in turn, the
plaintiff prayed that they also be re
strained from making use of the rating
book of the Robbins concern.
A. M. Armctrong. attorney for the gro
cers, in proof of the value of the black list
cites the tact that .lumerot'.s firms paid
the Robbins Agency $60 a month to be
served each month with a iiat which he
says is merely a rehash of the reports of
the Grocers' Collection Bureau. Mr. Arm
strong also said that he would lay before
the Federal Grand Jury proof of the fact
that the Robbins Agency printed the
word "copyright" on the face of its re
ports, when, in fact, no copyright had
oeen granted.
In the complaint filed yesterday against
Elliott & West the plaintiff alleges that
at great expense it has obtained the com
mercial standing and data wherefrom the
mercantile rating on many thousand resi
dents of this city may be deduced. Eight
months ago the defendants obtained from
the plaintiff the possession of lists and
data containing 12,000 names, with ad
dresses and data, wherefrom the desira
bility as credit customers of the parties
rated might be gained. The plaintiff al
leges that It gave the lists to the defend
ants for their own exclusive information
and for no other purpose under their ex
press promise and agreement not to di
vulge the same to any person, but to re
turn the lists on demand.
The lists, it is alleged, were placed In
the hands of the defendants, the com
plaint continues, owing to the fact that
the plaintiff had full confidence in the
honesty and business Integrity of the de
fendants. In violation of the trusts so
reposed in them, however, and in viola
tion of their good faith, business integ
rity and their promises and agreements,
and for the purpose of. injuring the estab
lished business of the plaintiff and of
rendering aid and profit to others desir
ous of pirating the commercial Informa
tion, plaintiff alleges that it has been In
formed that the defendants secretly and
without the knowledge or consent of the
plaintiff transferred their lists to the
Robbins Mercantile Agency, "an organ
ization about to embark in the mercan
tile report business."
By reason of the defendants' alleged
violation of the trusts and confidence Im
posed in them, • plaintiff prays Judgment
against them for $10,000 damages and
costs. ¦ . . ¦ ¦¦-; ; : '¦>-'¦'
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
SHAKESPEARE 'S LAST GREAT TRAGEDY
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES lIV SHAKESPEARE.
Contributors to thl» course: Or. Edward Dowden, Dr. William J. Rolfe. X>r. Hamilton
W. Mable. Dr. Albert S. Cook, Dr. Hiram Coracn. Dr. Isaac N. Denmon, Dr. Vlila D.
Scudder and others.
An Important Scene.
There are few more impressive scenes
in Shakespeare than act V, scene 3, of
'Coriolanus." Coriolanus has with Aufld
ius led the Volscian army into the very
gates of Rome. Cominius has pleaded
with Coriolanus only to be dismissed with
"his speechless hand," and then Mene
nius, his most faithful friend, has con
jured him to pardon Rome and his peti
tionary countrymen, but is told that ha
speaks to no purpose.
At last Virgilia and Volumnia and the
little son of Coriolanus come to his tent.
Coriolanus, with hatred toward the popu
lace still in his soul and with the desire
for revenge burning within him, says aa
he sees them coming:
But. out. affection! "
All bond and privilege of nature, break!
He cannot but feel the ties of the old
love and kneels before them. Then be
gins the dialogue between Volumnia and
Coriolanus, the former rising to tho
height of motherly love and the most
ardent patriotism (she 13 indeed the nn.
blest Roman of them all), the latter
strongly maintaining his point for awhile.
only to give way before the tlnal appeals
of his mother (11, 94-125, 131-IS2).
Thou shalt no sooner
March to assault thy country than to tread-
Trust to It, thou shalt not— on thy mother's
womb.
That brought thee to this world.
Come, let us sro:
This fellow had a Vol3cian to his mother.
His wife la in Coriolo. and his child
Like him by chance, yet give us our dispatch;
I am hush'd until our city be afire.
And then I'll sneak a little. *
He cannot stand in the face of that
and arranges a peace between the two
nations, only to meet hi 3 fate at the
hands of the treacherous Aufldius. Ho
is grand in death, "the most noble corso
that ever herald did -follow to his urn."
It is a pity that one cannot hear along
with the dead march a eulogy by one
nobler than Aufldius— such a one as An
tony'pronounced opon Brutus or Hora
tio upon Hamlet.
Trinity College.
Miller & Lux Corporation.
The & Lux Corporation yesterday
elected J. K. Prior of this city to fill tho
vacancy on the board of directors causer!
by the death of Jesse S. Totter. The af
fairs of the corporation are extensive and
Important, and on the board Mr. Prior's
knowledge of large transactions and land
values and hla sound business Judgment
commended him to the favor of stock
holders.
No Diplomas for Superintendents.
City and county superintendents of
schools are not entitled to life diplomas
because of their terms of service. Deputy
Attorney General W. M. Abbott ha 3 given
State Superintendent T. J. Kirk an opin
ion to this effect. Mr. Abbott holds that
superintendents, as such, are not required
or empowered to teach school and that
service as a superintendent does not count
the same aa experience In teaching,
X. CORIOLANTJS.
The Date of the Composition.
There is no external evidence as to the
date of "Coriolanus," but we know from
the proportion of light endings and from
the characteristics of diction and style
that It is one of Shakespeare's later plays.
It is evidently one of that group of trag
edies in which the dramatist went deeper
than ever did plummet sound into the hu
man heart. Coriolanus, the man, is a
companion of Hamlet, Macbeth, Othello
and Antony.- Commentators are warrant
ed in placing this play next to "Antony
and Cleopatra" by reason of the Roman
background and its general characteris
tics. It is the last of the great tragedies,
for "Timcn of Athens," although of later
date, docs not deserve to rank with tho
highest. We may then say with Dowden
that the date of the play Is 1608, or per
haps a little later.
Source of tho Plot.
Lowell said of Chaucer that whenever
From that particular fault: the dram of eale
Doth all the noble substance of a doubt
To his own scandal.
I know there has been a decided reac
tion in recent years against the tpndency
to treat Shakespeare's tragedies from an
altogether subjective standpoint. Eane
cially is thi3 true of "Hamlet" and "Ro
meo and Juliet." We are believing more
and more that the tragedy consists in the
one case in the conflict between Hamlet
and his environment, and in the other
play to view Romeo and Juliet as "star
crossed lovers" whose happiness is blast
ed by the fury of their two houses. And
yet there is something else in the old criti
cism, too; somehow Hamlet can't adtust
himself to circumstances; with a greater
will, a saner judgment and a more fixed
faith he could do otherwise. After all.
there Is "the dram of eale" in his nature
when viewed from the absolute standpoint
(and that is Shakespeare's standpoint, for
he was indeed one of God's spies, and as
Meredith suggests, the recording angel
himself might have taken his pen).
The tragedy In "Coriolanus" arises from
the ' dram or eale" in Coriolanus' nature
Shakespeare does not express his own
FACSIMILES OF THE MARK-SIGNATURES USED
BY SHAKESPEARE'S PARENTS IN THE YEAR 1579,
WHEN THEY EXECUTED A DEED CONVEYING
THEIR INTEREST IN TWO HOUSES IN SNITTER
FIELD.
views through Cori
olanus as Hazlitt
thought. "With all
hla power and many
magnificent qual-
tles of mind, ha
etanda as if man
were author of him
self and had no kin.
He lacks the touch
of nature that
makes the whole
world kin— that sym
pathy that so
charms us in Bru
tus. Coriolanus has
much, undoubtedly,
to vex him — one ai
most sympathizes
with him as he
thinks of the worlci
into which he is
thrown, a wor'.;l
that will but agerra
vate his faults. The
fickle populace that
had once hailed him
as the savior of h!3
country and now
curses him: the av
aricious army that
in the war against
the Volscians seek <
to plunder before the
battle is over; above
all, that brace of
demagogues, th<»
tribunes— these ar»»
enough to call forth
into greater promi
nence his natural
cynicism and misan
thropy. Hamlet finds
the world out of
Joint — the very
worst possible work!
for him; Romeo an 1
Juliet, with their in
tensely passion at o
natures, come face
to face with a cold,
conventional world,
and Coriolanus must
be brought in con
tact with the com
mon people whom
he loathes and tho
tribunes whom he detests. The trag
edy Is due partly to this stubborn
conflict between the people and himself,
but more especially to the Inner nature of
the hero. In act 11, scene 2. the officers
discuss Coriolanus In a very interesting
way and from the proper point of vtarar.
One of them says that there have b»pn
many great men that have flattered, the
people, who ne'er loved them, thus the
indifference and scorn of Marclus. Tha
other answers, with rare wisdom and in
sight: "He seeks their hate with greater
devotion than they can render it him. nnd
leaves nothing: undone that may fully dis
cover him their opposite. Now to seem
to affect the malice and displeasure of tho
people la as bad as that which he di3llkes.
to flatter them for their love."
Coriolanus has the contempt for tho
fickleness of the mob that all thinking
people have, but he is apt to consider
that all people who are not patrlciana are
beneath his notice and worthy of con
tumely. Menenius has no use for them
either, but he laughs and Jests with them
In his hearty good humor. Volumnia
treats them with cold indifference, but
Coriolanus loses his dignity in his blind
rage against them. For once he is like
a child, he who is generally a giant. On©
wonders if the same man can be at one*
so powerful and so weak. To this pride
and passionate hatred of the people he
sacrifices the happiness of hla family and
the prosperity of his country, and finally
is willing to lead an army against the
walls of Rome. It is this weakness, this
rift within the lute," that causes ths
tragedy of the play— "the failure of a
great soul to recognize the bonds that
bind him to other men."
Preparatory Notice
OP A.
Sale!
It is customary at this season of the year for the
farge manufacturers of Underwear to dispose of all
the samples that have been used by their traveling
men in taking orders for fall and winter underwear.
To form an idea of the amount of merchandise .
tent, out as camples by a combination representing
fifteen of the largest knitting mills in the country,
each one sending out twenty travelers (some more)
throughout the different States and Territories of the
Union, one has to take into account the different
grades of goods, different styles and colors and va-
riety of prices. Such a collection, if placed together,
would bo sufficient to fill the largest store in the city
with samples.
I have been fortunate In securing from the agent
of the above combination TEN CASES of samples,
consisting of Ladies' and Men's Underwear, in all
wool, cotton and wool, and silk and wool; Vests and
Pants, Shirts and Drawers and Combination Suits.
We have been busily engaged for the past three days *',
in marking and preparing this large purchase for sale,
and will have them ready on
THURSDAY MORNING.
This is an excellent chance to buy fine Underwear, )
and 60 as to make the sale move rapidly price* WILL/
BE ONE-THIRD LESS THAN regular.
Miners, Motormen, gripmen, conductors and tea-
men in need of heavy underwear will find a large
stock to select from much cheaper than they have
been paving.
Extra help has been engaged so as to givo prompt
See display in large window to right of entrance.
911-913 MARKET STREET.
PHONE SOUTH 280.
MAJOR RUCKER
HAS CHANGED
WITH ROGERS
Will Probably Com
mand Presidio.
TRANSFER WAS EXPECTED
EECOED OF ENLISTMENTS FOB,
MONTH OF NOVEMBER.
The transfer of Major Kucker from the
Fpurth to the Sixth Cavalry has finally
been made, and he has been ordered to
report to the commanding general of
this department. The deal has hung fire
so long that it was feared it would fall
through and that Major Rogers, newly
promoted to the Sixth Cavalry, who was
the one who wanted the transfer, would
have to stay where he was put. It Is
definitely announced at last, however,
that the change will be- made.
Major Rucker is now in this city. ¦ He
has been on sick leave for some months
and he still has another month's leave
coming to him, but as he Is already here
it Is expected he will report for duty at
once and take command at the Presidio.
He is* the senior line officer in this depart
ment available for the assignment, ex
cepting Colonel Rawles of the Third Ar
tillery, who Is at Angel Island and seems
likely to remain there for some time to
come.
The report of the adjutant general on
the enlistments for the months of No
vember have been published In a circular
recently issued.- It shows that the total
enlistments from the recruiting stations
and from the posts and in the field
amount to 18S7 men. The enlistment sta
tions were responsible for 1503 of these
and the posts and regiments for 354.
Ninety-one of the total were colored and
625 were mounted. To get that number
of men It was necessary to examine 8435
and of these 6548 were rejected.
The record is neither high nor low. It
includes reports from 104 stations and 114
posts as well as the regiments themselves
that always recruit men who apply' to
them. The stations are scattered all over
the country and so are the posts, so the
number enlisted represents just what the
country may expect for the months to
come. It is absolutely necessary that
there be sent to the Philippines at least
500 men every month, for less than that
number will not keep up even the regular
organizations over there, so the report of
the adjutant general seems to settle the
difficulty of maintaining the force in the
Philippines. Nearly all of the men en
listed, and those being enlisted, are sent
out here to the Presidio to be prepared
for active service in the Islands.
Of the regiments for November the
Twenty-third Infantry did the best, by
recruiting thirty-three men. The Elev
enth Infantry came next, with fourteen
men.
The order assigning Colonel Freeman <p
a place on the Tartar and to the cora
, mand of the troops going with her was
; issued yesterday.
For a superior skin lotion and powder van
Phroso. All druggists. *^ . •
GOING INTO VAUDEVILLE.
Frank Coffin Has Secured an Engage
ment at the Orpheum.
. Frank Coffin, the well known tenor will
make his debut Sunday night on the* pro
fessional vaudeville stage. He has signed
a contract with the Orpheum manage
ment for several weeks' engagement in
this city, , which will be followed by a.
complete tour of the Orpheum circuit
1 Coffin's chief ambition is to appear in
New York at some of the high clUss vau
deville theaters, and negotiations are now
being conducted with this object In view
¦^ As JV, Bt <2 ge £ of sympathetic ballads
Frank Coffin has won great success in this
city. He has a rich sympathetic voice;
particularly adapted for just such wnrk
When the Tivoll revived the "Geisha" last
year Coffin was given a part and ap
peared in several. comic Operas after that
but the operatic stage was not to his
liking. ¦ • .
MME. MULLER'S BENEFIT.
Talent From All Theaters Will Assist
orl Sunday Night.
Arrangements have been completed for
the entertainment to be given at the Co
lumbia Theater next Sunday evening for
the benefit of Mme. Ynez Babbri-Muller
formerly manager of the German Theater'
and who lost very heavily throujrh the re
cent Bush-street Theater fire.
The programme has been arranged as
follows:
Orpheum— Charles E. Gardner, German com*,
dlan; Hamilton Hill, Australian barytone 7
CecU Cowle* child pianist; J. Crosby Jr^ Miss
Alhambra— An amusing sketch by Baker and
Tlvoll-Frank Coffin, tenor; five minutes with
Ferris Hartman; waltz song, Anna Llchter
selections. Julia Cotte. center.
Alcazar— Pleasing farce. Alcazar stock com
pany.
Attractions from the Chutes.
German Theater, direction of Mmc T Fabrl
Muller— "Etn Krlmlnalverbrecher." " a 'mip-hm
play by Carl Garlitz, with Emma Meier Hi
tardl Rovey, Benno Hirsch, Albert Fls'ohor
Fritz Kembach, Emil Welns and Jacob Muf
ler In the cast. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
ARTHUR PINERO'S PLAY
AND ITS PECULIARITIES
"The Princess and the Butterfly" an Important
Modern Drama— lts Merits and
A STRIKING EXAMPLE OF DECADENT. CLEVERNESS
Mme. Emma Nevada Is Again Welcomed by Her Friends — : Her
Second Programme Was an Interesting One and the
Singer Responds to Many Encores.
*jn? RTIIUR PINERO'S play, "The
/L\ Princess and the Butterfly." Is of
H an importance as a play that war
rants more specific comment than
I gave to it Tuesday night at its first pro
duction by the Frawley company. If re
viewed from a literary viewpoint it would
be variously deficient, for Pinero is not
an author of high literary attainments.
Indeed, we must look to-day to France for
playwrights who have a claim to the
classic crown. Aside from Ibsen there
are none but a few of M. Rostand's con
freres who have produced anything ex
alted or exalting in a strictly literary
cense. How much Hterary merit has to
do with the fitr.ess of a play for the stage
13 another question, but the fact remains
that Mr. Pinero is not a genius. He is
clever, "deuced" clever, clever without a
sparkle, clever in an age and way that
smacks of the decadent art of Bernard
Shaw. He alms to disappoint, to defeat
anticipation, to be simple without being
obvious; in bhort. to be unconventional,
different. He does not fling epigrams in
your face— that would be beneath his dig
nity. His lines are occasionally crisp
and meaty, but he studiously avoids any
show of brilliancy that would destroy the
tone of the whole. His aim is not truth
but rather a fictitious naturalness, a false
verisimilitude. His characters are not
real, but they might be In a place peopled
with Pineros. He has availed himself of
the satirist's license and made a series of
serious caricatures; but they are clever,
"deuced." smugly, calmly clever.
Should one read "The Princess and the
Butterfly," the play people would develop
into certain xveu defined types— types that
are marked without the contrasts of dis
tinct character and very difficult Indeed
to be realized by the actors in whose
hands they fall. There Is more art in
the interjection of Buch a character as
Fay Zullanl in "The Princess and the
Butterfly" than in any other stroke he
strikes, for she serves as a foil for all
the other parts and admits of skillful
handling not only by the actress but by
the author.
Pinero's peculiarities are not to be man
aged without more than ordinary intelli
gence and subtlety, and I can Imagine
nothing more disappointing than to note
the inefficient grasp by the actors of his
varied though uniform types as one
might conceive them after having made
their acquaintance gradually while read
ing the play. In "The Princess and - the
Butterfly" there is an affected absence of
climax and the author makes a bid for
the approval of his unearthly cleverness
•with every fall of the curtain. He blun
ders, however, in the last act, when he
has the choice of several endings that
would be characteristically ingenious, but
scorns them all to resort to convention
ality, and brings matters to a close with
his dramatis personnae drawn up in pla
toon front. I would have expected him
to drop the curtain on an empty stage
after the last exeunt of Fay and Sir
At the Columbia "The Christian" may
be seen only until Saturday night. Next
week, the James-Kidder-Hanford combi
nation will make an elaborate presenta
tion of "The Winter's Tale." It is the
first time the great comedy has been
given in San Francisco for many years,
and it should prove an event of interest.
The sale of seats opens to-day.
The Frawley company is doing good
work in Plnero's "The Princess and the
Butterfly," with Mary Scott in the part
of Fay Zullanl. On Sunday night "The
Countess Gucki" will be given. Mary Van
Buren will take Ada Rehan's part in this
play.
The attraction for this week at the Al
cazar is "The Mysterious Mr. Bugle."
Next Monday "Lady Windermere's Fan,"
with Miss May Blayney, an actress from
London. This will be her first American
appearance.
"80-Peep" Is nearing its close at the
Tivoll. Next Monday night Frank Dan
iels' success, "The Idol's Eye," will be
given, with Alf Wheelan in his original
role and two newcomers in the persons of
Miss de Angells and Miss Frances Gra
ham. <
'Sinbad" will continue at the Grand
until Monday night, when "Don Caesar
f^ t r i un> « by . Dell i n Ker, will be presented
for the first time in San Francisco
The sale for "A Hot Old Time," in which
we are to see the popular Rays, opens at
the Alhambra this morning.
At the Orpheum the Elinore Sisters ore
proving popular, as is also Frank Latona
Next week Nelstone and Abbey, Hanson
w nd 3* $}*%?' "od&e 8 and Launchmere,
1* rank Coffin, the local tenor, and Mile
Emmy s dogs.
Mme. Emma Nevada will give her third
recital at the California Theater to-mor
row afternoon at 2:30.
The sale of season seatß for the Holmes
symphonies at Sherman & Clay's will
close to-day at 5 p. m. The single seats
ffilr^t l!o e nd a a-y! he m * Pl&cl On and
¦ To-night at the Chutes the "amateur per
formance will consist of the Li Hung
Chang ragtime specialties. B
George. How much more uncommon
place! How much more "Plnerotic!" v -, -
• • •
What with the pleased enthusiasm of
the audience on Monday night at the
homecoming of Emma Nevada and the
gracious reception of Tuesday night of
Alary Scott to the ranks of professional
ism, an atmosphere of cordiality perme
ates the California Theater Just now. It
was augmented yesterday afternoon at
Mme. Nevada's second recital. Her
friends, who are many, seem, or rather
are, glad to 6ee her and she is content to
bo so appreciated. To note her pleasure
was a pleasure to those who were there
at her first appearance and there was
something more than an approval of her
art in the applause that greeted her sing-
Ing of "Home, Sweet Home." The con
fidential spirit that existed between the
singer and her auditors was evidenced
on her part by a graciousness of manner
that extended even to an exchange of
courtesies between the artist on the stage
and the occupants of the boxes. All of
which I repeat was pleasant to note.
The many that came again yesterday
to hear and applaud were repaid with
much good music. Mme. Nevada sang
better, I think, than on the first occa
sion, and Mr. Pratt was la better vein
and showed a surer grasp. His playing
of a Henselt etude was marked by ex
pressiveness and grace. Mme. Nevada
sang in her delicate way an aria from
David's "Perle de Bresil," in which she
was admirably accompanied on the flute
by Mr. Newbauer. For encore she sang
"Tltania's Cradle," by Liza Lehman,
whose music to "The Rubaiyat" has had
some success. A song by Taubert and a
Russian folk song in the vernacular were
not of much musical interest, but served
to show off to advantage Bemberg's "Fee
aux Chansons," which she Bang In re
sponse to an encore with greater effect
than when she sang the same number on
Monday night. It is a rather more varied
test of vocalization than some of her
members and in It her attack and method
showed to advantage. The Bame was
true of the "Llbiamo" aria from "Trav
iata," in which Mme. Nevada exceeded
somewhat her moderate dramatlclsm.
For an encore she sang "Printemps Nou
veau" by Paul Vidal, who has an inter
est as the composer of "La Burgonde,"
an opera of recent European success.
Mr. Blumenberg, upon whose capabil
ity as a cellist I have commented be
fore, gave an Intricate "Danse Hollan
dise" and for encore "Simple Aveu," by
Thome. In the latter and also in the
"Adagio .Pathetique" by Godard, he
played with a sympathetic quality and
finesse. On the mechanical side of his art
he is above criticism, and this, taken with
the soul that he puts in his instrument,
makes him what he Is— a most distin
guished musician.
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
AMUSEMENTS.
CILIFORNIA_THEATER?r.r
A Comedy ST
FvPnt ' BEAUTIFUL
Indorsed by Every Paper In the City.
The PRINCESS and THE BUTTERFLY
Arthur Pinero'* Most Beautiful of All of His
Plays.
...THE FRAWLEY COMPANY...
Seats on Eale TO-DAY for NEXT SUNDAY
NIGHT, Jan. 14 — Charming production of the
late Auerußtln Daly's BeEt Comedy, "THE
COUNTESS GUCKI." In Preparation— "THE
HEART OF MARYLAND."
CALIFORNIA THEATER, "¦££•
FAREWELL TO-MORROW, FRI-
DAY. AFTERNOON.
I.AST PERFORMANCE
THE PEERLESS DIVA,
Mine. EMMA NEVADA
In a New and Excellent Programme.
Assisted by the Great Cellist,
MR. LOUIS BLUMENBERG
And MR. SELDEN PRATT, Pianist.
SEATS $1. $2. U.
(THE PEOPLES POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
fcddj and Jonei Btt. PHONE. 80DTH 770.
TO-nSTIG-HT
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE RENTZ-SANTLEY NOVELTY
AND BURL'/.SQUd COMPANY
IN
AN AFFAIR OF HONOR !
POPULAR PRICES:
Evenlnr lie, 25c. 35c. EOc and 75c
Matinee ..15c. £sc. 35c and 500.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE RAYS' HOWLINO SUCCESS.
"f\ HOT OLD TIME."
SEATS READY.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TEL. MAIN 122.
MATINEE SATURDAY FOR LADIES AND
CHILDREN.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF THE GREATEST
EXTRAVAGANZA PRODUCTION EVER
V/ITNESSED IN THIS CITY.
....SINBAD....
NEXT WEEK— First Time In San Francisco
of Dclllneer's Famous Comic Opera.
"DON CAESARJJF IRON."
PRICES Xc, fcOc, 750.
Galleries 10c and He
Good rep o rved teat In orchestra at Saturday
Matinee. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING, Jan. 1-20, 1900, Inclusive.
Elx tal«Th-claws running races every week day,
ratn or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars into
a superb grand stand, Klaes-enclosed. where
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
eajoy an unobstructPd view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9:00, 10:40 and 11:20 a. m., and 12:10. 12:35, 12:60
and 1:23 p. m. t returning immediately after
last, race at 4:45 i#. m. Rear cars reserved for
women and their escorts. No smoking. Valen-
cia street 10 minutes later.
Ban Jo»e and way stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at i'oo
and 4:45 p. m. .
Rates: San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admission to track,. sl 25.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and M*anager. C
EMMA SPRECKELS BUILDING,
GST MARKET STREET.
FRONT OFFICES .... $20 PER MONTH
7ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 10.
Stmr Brunswick. OUen. 42 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr State of California. Gage. S3 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Greenwood. Farerlund. 13 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. 14 hours from Albion
Br stmr Robert Adamson. Morgan. 134 hour*
from Nanaimo.
Schr 1-aura Madsen, Jorrenson. 12 days from
Grays Harbor. ««u*
Harbor WCbf ° Ot ' Mercer> 13 a ** a fron > Grays
JL hr poTt SuSzsr" 11 - Bute -*°°. » «•«.
The only marked changes In securities on the
morning session were a decline in Paauhau
Plantation at $26^26 25 and In Market Street
Railway at $60 25. Business was not heavy.
In the afternoon Spring I Valley Water ad
vanced to $32 50 and Gas and Electric to $52 73.
There was a fair business In oil stocks, as
will be seen by the sales.
At th» annual meeting of the Alaska Packers*
Association on the 9th lnst. the following
board of directors was elected: Henry F. Fort
mar.n. president; Charles Hirsch. D. Drysdale.
vice presidents; W. B. Bradford, secretary;
Sidney M. Smith. E. B. Pond, G. Niebaum.
Isaac Liebes, George W. Hume, and Wells.
Fargo & Co.'s Bank, treasurer. The financial
statement at the close of the year Is as fol
lows:
Assets-
Canneries and fishing stations $2,602,173 9«
Inventories 434.573 50
Unexpired insurance 4.350 91
Bills receivable 979.438 63
Floating property 451.023 78
Cash on hand 83.074 50
Total assets $4,620,975 38
Liabilities-
Capital stock $3,120,000 00
Open accounts (employes, etc.) 86,«37 S3
Profit and loss 432.Q0U 00
Insurance reserve fund 352,085 »7
Contingent reserve fund 600.234 CO
Total liabilities $4,620,978 36
Twelve monthly dividends of 75c per shan*
each were paid during the year, aggregating
$432,000.
The Utah Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of sc.
Several national banks held their annual
meetings on Tuesday, at which officers were
elected as follows:
San Francisco Bank— Directors: James K.
Wilson, D. J. Staples. William Pierce Johnson.
George A. Pope, H. E. Huntington, John Bar
ton and C. S. Benedict. The board tubse
quently organized by the election of the old
officers, as follows: James K. Wilson, uresi
dent; William Johnson, vice Dresldeat: L. I.
Cowgill. cashier, and F. W. Wolfe, assistant
cashier.
Nevada Bank— John W. Mackay. .Tam-s L.
Flood, Louis Gerstle, Isalas W. Hellman, Henry
F. Allen. C. De Gulgne, Robert Watt, Levj
Strauss, D. N. Walter, H. L. Dodga ana John
F. Blgelow. The old officers were re-electej,
as follows: President^ Isalas W. Hellman;
vice president. John F. Blgelow; jecotij vice
president. I. W. Hellman Jr.; cashier, George
Grant; assistant cashier. W. McG.ivln.
Crocker- Woolworth Bank— W. H. Crocker. E.
B. Pond. W. E. Brown. G. W. Kiln*, Hy J.
Crocker. G. W. Scott. C. E. Green. The old
officers were also re-elected, as follows: Wil
liam H. Crocker, president, and G. W. Kline,
cashier.
First National Bank— S. G. Murphy, Jam«s
Mofntt. George A. Low, J. Downey Harvey.
Thomas Jennings, John W. Van Bergcu. James
D. Phelan, J. A. Hooper and George C. I'«rr
klns. The old officers were re-eieowl. as fal
lows: President. S. G. Murphy; vice president.
James Moffitt; cashier. James K. Lynch; as
sistant cashier, James K. Moffltt.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 10—12 m.
Bld.Ask. , Bid.Ask
U S Bonds-
Is quar coup.. — —
«s quar reg... — 1144
4s quar now... — —
Ss quar c0up...109T» —
Miscellaneous —
Cal-st Cab 55..1154 —
C C Wat 65.. 106 IOTTi
Ed L & P 63.. 130 —
F & Cl Ry 65.. 113 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95
H C & S 545.. 113 —
H C A- S 55....HV?y —
L A Ry 5s 104% —
L A I. Co 55.. — —
Do gntd fis.. - —
Do gntd 55.. 103 —
L A & P R 55.100T4 —
M»rket-st Bs^.l^^ —
Do Ist M 55.. 1154117
NCN G R 7«. — —
N R of Cal 55. 112% —
N Rof Cal 6s. — —
N P C R R 68.1C24 —
N P C R R ss. 105%1064
N C R It 05... 10* —
O O L &.H 55. 108 110
Oak Tran 65... — 113
Dak W Co 55.. 105 —
Oceanic SS C 0.102 —
Om C Ry 65... — 1264
P & Cl Ry 65.. 10441054
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6s — 121
Sao El O&RSs — —
S F & N P 05. 1124113
S F &. SJV 55. 115 1154
S Ry of Cal 63.1U74109
S P of A €3.... 109%, —
S P C 65 (1305). 103 110
BP C 6s(l9ofi^.lll —
S P C 65(1912). — —
SPCIs eg ss. — —
S P Br 6s 124*4123
S V Wat 65. ...114 113
S V Wat 45....1C34 —
S V W45(3dm).1014 —
Etktn Gas 65.. 101 105
Water Stocks—
Contra Costa.. 74 —
Unrln Cnuntv.. V> —
Spring Valley.. 92% —
Gas & Electric-
Cent Gas C 0... — —
Cent L & P.... — 54
Eqult G L Co. 4 *%
Mutuel L Co. 134 15
OG L & H-... 42 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 45 494
Pac Light Co. 40 —
S F G & E.... 524 52%
San Francisco. 3\ —
Stockton Uas.. 12 —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund.. 22o 230
Bank Stocks—
Anslo-Cal Ltd. «5 —
Bank of Ca1. ..404 —
Cal SD & T.. — 9S
First Nation 1 .. 250 —
Lon P & A. ...131 1324
Merchants' Ex — 18
Nev Nat 8k... — 190
Savings Banks —
Ger S L L...1750 —
Hum S A- L. — —
Mut Say Bk. 40 —
S F Say U.. — —
Say & L So. — —
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California 1174120
Oeary-st SO —
Market-st Ry.. 60"-i 61
OS L & H.... — 50
Presidio 174 25
Powder Stocks —
California 160 175
V. Dynamite... RS —
Otant Con Co.. 92. 94
Vigorit 2Ti 34
Sugar Stocks—
Hana P Co 74 8
Haw C& S Co. — 88
Honokaa S Co. SOH —
Hutch S P Co. 204 —
Kilauea R CO- 13 —
Makawell SCo 41 43
Onomea S Co.. 26 27
Paauhau S Co. 264 26%
Miscellaneous" —
Al Pack Assn. ll34 —
Mer Ex .*>s.«n.. — too
Oceanic S Co.. 914 92H
Pac A F A.... 14 .2V*
Pac C Bor Co.. 145 —
Par Paint Co.. 94 —
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Contra Costa Water 74 00
5 Contra Costa Water 74 124
25 Honokaa 30 50
$"Wfl 1.08 Angeles-Pacific R R Bonds 102 00
15 Market Street Railway 60 23
$6000 Market St Ry Ist Con 5s 116 73
$2000 N P C R R 55..- 10« 00
150 Paauhau S P Co 26 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 26 124
10 Paauhau S P Co 26 25
25 Pacific Gas Imp 49 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. s DO 51 00
95 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 124
$3000 8 F & N P Ry Bonds 112 75
35 S V Water 92 25
20 S V Water, s 30 92 124
65 S V Water 92 124
Street—
$21,000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 00
Afternoon Session.
Bcard
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 120 00
45 Equitable Gas 4 50
$5000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 106 50
30 Honokaa S Co 30 SO
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 104 50
20 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 26 23
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 50
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 374
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6s 124 50
25 S V Water, b 3 '. 92 50
25 S V Water 92 50 •
ICO Vlgorit 3 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND- EXCHANGE
BOARD.
/ Morning Session.
Board—
50 Equitable 5 j->li
20 Giant Powder Con 9; 571^
20 Onotnea Sugar Co 26 50
30 Onotnea Sugar Co 2s 371^
10 Onomea Sugar Co *, 26 2i
10 Oceanic S S Bonds \' 92 50
BO Paauhau Sugar Co 26 g-ni
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 51 go
20 Market Street Railway 60 37^
10 S V Water 92 124
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water 74 W
70 Equitable Gas 5 00
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 120 OH
30 Honokaa Sugar Co 30 25
50 Onomea Sugar Co 28 124
60 Paauhau Sugar Co 26 00
50 Paauhau Sugar Co 25 874
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 874
60 S F Gaa & Electric Co 50 S7Vi
Street—
10 Paauhau Sugar Co.; 27 23
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— The stock market was
du'.l and narrow to-day, except for the sensa
tional developments affecting the stock of the
American Sugar Refining Company. Previous
to the assembling of the stockholders' meeting
there was a considerable chow of strength in
this stock owing to a general conviction that
the suear trade war has more of shadow than
substance in it. The declarations contained In
the President's annual report rather took Wall
street's breath and caused fear that unless
conditions change dividends on the stock may
be suspended. The stock, declined rapidly, the
price varying as much as 14 between sales. The
first drop took the stock to 122, when it stead
ied and rallied above 124. It fell again to 117^.
bringing out heavy stop-loss orders on the way
down, rallied to near 122, reacted 3 and again
rallied In the final dealings. The large and
persistent outstanding short Interest In the
stock served as a recuperative force by buying
to cover contracts. All the prominent Indus
trials were sharply affected in sympathy, the
bears seizing the opportunity to offer prices
down and uncover Etop-lo«8 orders.
The railroads were much less affected, al
though the e-arller gains were mostly wiped out.
There was good buying in the railroads at the
decline, led by tlie Baltimore and Ohio stocks
on the company's strong statement of December
earnings. The general relaxation in money
rates all over the world has induced a convic
tion that the official discount rates both of
the Bank of England and the Imperial Bank
of Germany will be reduced to-morrow and
boerd room traders were Inclined to buy stocks
In anticipation of a foreign demand.
Stocks were generally firm to-day In foreign
markets on account of the easier money rates.
But it is very clear that the money market
owes its abundance and ease to the thorough
liquidation of speculative accounts which had
been effected all over the world in the last
few weeks and to lack of renewed speculation.
Speculators are apparently still disinclined to
t&ke on etocks and to-day's market was but
a narrow affair, even taking into account the
violent price movement of some of the spe
cialties. The prevailing dullness Is attributed
by traders to fears of unfavorable news from
South Africa, but it is not Improbable that
the existing conditions there, as well as in
the financial world, have been accurately dis
counted in the speculative markets. New de
velopments are awaited to warrant a new ad
justment of values.
The bond market was dull and moved In
sympathy with railroad stocks. Total sales,
par value, $1,025,000. United States new 4's
and s's registered declined H in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stares Closing
Sold. Stocks— .Bid.
:•'< Atchison lb\
10,033 Atchison prefd SB?i
10.S1S Baltimore & Ohio 58%
Canadian Pacific ". 904
Canada Southern 484
5.G00 Chesapeake & Ohio 29»i
2,300 Chicago Great Western 124
16,270 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 120»i
300 Chicago Ind A. Louis 14>4
Chicago Ind & St Louis prefd 47
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 82
100 Chicago & Northwestern 160
5,540 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1034
1.4x0 C C C & St Louis UU»i
100 Colorado Southern 5Vi
100 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 39
, Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14
300 Delaware i Hudson 114
?' Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. l 73
1,000 Denver & Rio Grande 174
1,000 Denver & Rto Grande prefd 674
Erie 11 '
300 Erie Ist prefd 32
720 Great Northern prefd : 167=4
Hocking Coal 15
240 Hocking Valley 31
200 Illinois Central HI
lowa Central n^4
150 lowa Central prefd 50
Kansas City Ptttsburg & Gulf 8
100 Lake Erie & Western 23
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd S3
Lake Shore 147
6,Sfi2 Louisville 4 Nashville 784
5,075 Manhattan L S4 I ,i
1.545 Metropolitan Street Railway 171
1.8(10 Mexican Central..., n
Minn & St Louis 58
Minn Ac St Louis prefd &S4
6,C00 Missouri Pacific 391,;
Mobile & Ohio 39'
Missouri Kansas & Texas 914
300 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 32V4
33r, New Jersey Central us
IS/iSO New York Central i3>»i
4,575 Norfolk & Western 1 23
€79 Norfolk & Western prefd 67W
10,3';0 Northern Pacific 521*
800 Northern Pacific prefd 72%
1,400 Ontario & Western 21' i
Oregon Railway & Nay 42
!- Oregon Railway & Nay prefd .'. 7C
3.7C5 Pennsylvania 123 si
£60 Reading 17
E.OoO Heading Ist prefd *"" 49V
Reading 2d prefd " « S &J
Rio Grande Western 37
145 Hio Grande Western prefd gi
St Louis A: San Fran •.. 9
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd C%
IPO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 3m
100 St Louis Southwestern " 97?
CCS St Ixmls Southwestern prerd... "" 24
1,100 St Paul ""11614
100 St Paul prefd """170
St Paul & Omaha 1....114
11.935 Southern Pacific " 351/
3.100 Southern Railway uu
3,450 Southern Railway prefd ' 62^
100 Texas & Pacific '" 141T
23,450 Union Pacific "* 45
4.45.7 Union Pacific prefd rvit.
900 Wabash "" 7?
1,460 Wabash prefd " 2 fta2
350 Wheeling & Lake Erie '.' 914
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 26W
400 Wisconsin Central 13
Express companies —
Adams .¦ jjj
American 143
United States 45
WelU-Fargo .• 120
Miscellaneous-
American Cotton Oil 33
American Cotton Oil prefd 89
100 American Malting g
100 American Malting prefd 28
2,330 An-.erlcan Smelting & Refln 34
140 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 87
American Spirits 2\i
¦ American Spirits prefd 17
240 American Steel Hoop 42
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 814
12,950 American Steel & Wire ; 47*4
WO American Steel & Wire prefd.. ...... $9
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days $4 MY,
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 884
Sterling Cables — 4 894
New York Exchange, sight — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphio — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — ¦: -. 68%
Mexican Dollars — ' 484
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT-.The Crown of Scotland takes for
Cork 54,152 centals, valued at $56,174.
Liverpool and Paris continued to decline. Chi
cago opened lower on disappointing cables. The
market was a small scalping affair, though
there were more buyers than sellers. The
Michigan Wheat report was unfavorable. .Sen
sational war rumors caused Tuesday's rally.
Stocks were strong.
Futures fell back again In the local mar
ket. . There was no change on the spot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 974598& C; milling. $1
fel 024.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls.
$103%; 10,000, $1034; December— 2000, $107*.
Second Session— May— 18,000 ctls, $1 034; 8000,
$1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls. $1 03%.
BARLEY— The Marie Hackfeld takes for
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts.
'19,571 barrels: exports, 7654 barrels; sales, 5800
packages. Market quiet and nominally un
changed. ¦ '
WHEAT— Receipts, 27,200 bushels; exports,
R2.493 bushels. Spot— Steady; No. 2 red, 75\ic
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 77% c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth. 80»4c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red. 73c elevator. Options— Opened
weak under liquidation and disappointing cables
and continued so until the afternoon, when a
rumor that Ladysmith had fallen provoked cov
ering and a sharp rally. The late market was
steady at a little decline from top under real
izing and closed Y*@%c net lower. March, 74T4
<f?7oe. closed 74% c: May, 73%® 73 15-16C, closed
73S*c: July. 73 5-16@73%c. closed 734 c
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet. :--;
COFFEE— CIosed barely steady; December S
points lower and others unchanged to 10 points
net higher. Total sales, 54,750 bags. Including:
February and March, $6 65; April, $6 75; May,
$6 85i56 90; June, $6 90; July, $6 85; August,
$6 95©7: September, $7 05@7 17; October, $7 15i^
7 20; November, $7 15®7 20; December, $7 25®
7 30. Spot Coffee— Rio, strong; No. 7 Invoice.
7H<v
SUGAR— Raw. firm: held higher. Refined-
Firm: good business doing.
BUTTER— Receipt*. 5051 packages. Steady.
June creamery, 24W284c; Western creamery, 25
H 30c; factory. 17® 23c.
EGGS— Receipts. 12.618 packages. Weak and
lower; Western, 20c, loss off; ungraded at mark
14@18c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— Evaporated apples
were moderately active and steady at un
changed prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common
Cge^c; prime, 6ff6«4c; choice, 7%@Bc; fancy,
S4<ssc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34@Bc per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13015 c: Moorpark, 15<??18c
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@22c; unpeeled, 74@10c.
V^ew York (Metal Market.
NETW YORK, Jan. 10.— In the main there was
little change In the local metal situation to-
TO SAIL.
The Outlook for 1900.
OPINION THAT IT WILL HARDLY BE AS
PHENOMENAL AS. IS.&S.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"It is very unlikely that 1&00 will be a repe
tition of 1559. Even prosperity has its fluctua
tions and drawbacks, especially when cost of
material and labor rise to a point that checks
new enterprise or leads to overproduction, with
all the Inconvenient consequences that follow.
The rise in many commodities has been quite
pronounced. In i<\g Iron and iron products
the advance has been simply phenomenal, ow
ing to the tremendous pressure of orders. The
effect of thie Is to again bring into use many
obsolete and discarded plants In all parts of
the country, which may run at a profit for a
lew months or years, but must ultimately suc
cumb to the competition of stronger and belter
equipped conceri.b when prices recede to the
r-.orinal. There are a number of very Import
ant enterprises now held in abeyance because
of the high prlre of Iron entering Into per-
xnanent struetu: : and when the present rush
of orders has bt-en satisfied and some con
cessions effected In %a!ues these buyers will
probably come into the market and so prevent
*.ny serious or too rapid decline: but it thould
not be forgotten that the present roseate con
ditions in the iron trade will not continue In
definitely. The stock market Is now more un
der the influence of iron than ever; first be
cause so many securities of that class are now
<;.?¦..• In here and second because In various
va.ys railroad traffic is materially affected.
Any marked rafasMencs of the activity in the
Iron trad>- is. therefore, likely to withdraw a
powerful stimulus to clocks; but thfs will not
happen for months to come, many concerns
having on hand orders that will keep them
busy for the next Fix ; months earning large
profits. There are also other lines of industry
In which it is a question if 1901 proves as good
a year • 15;!*. The textile trades have had
m. wonderfully fuccefsful season, but prudent
merchants are not overconfident, especially in
view of the great expar.£ion of the cotton in
dustry in the S'/Uth.
"Another Smjvirtarit element in the future Is
the money market. There is little prospect of
what we uFually term e»f-y rates during the
present year. Trade is sure to be sufficiently
active to make good raus for money prac
tically certain. The thief question Is. shall
we expect undue stringency? Thtre Is enough
money available for all regular purposes, but
two disturbing factors must be faced— the
Transvaal war and our own defective currency
eystem. As for the lirFt, it is quite evident
that Great Britain hiis a more perious under
tukir.r on !..;•.! than at first expected. I'nless
the I'-oers eurrender, which seems against all
probability. lh» war may be prolonged for
months, necessitating no doubt a large issue
of consols, t-ytlmau-d at not lees than £10.000,
000 and f*-rhaps more. As this war will prove
b murh mor» expensive aflair than ours with
Fpaln. Its effect u;x>n the money markets of
the world will be 0.-rrepp^ndingly greater. For
the fame reapon our security markets will be
keenly sensitive to any battles or events which
promise to affect the duration of the struggle.
A «iecisive I?rltl*h victory will cause an ad
vance, or a Berious British reverse must cause
declines."
Weather Report.
CTOth Meridian— Pacific Time.) i
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 10, 5 p. m.
The fnllowlrur are the feaponal rainfalls to
date ac comparfd with those of same date last
season and rainfalls In list 24 hours:
Last This Last
Ft«.tion»— 24 hours, season, oeason.
Eureka 0.00 30.06 13.07
Red Bluff o/iO 14. C6 10.77
Pacramf-nto (i.oo 13.11 • 6.61
San Francisco O.irt 14.38 6.C8
Fresno 0.00 6.10 3.44
Independence 0.H0" 2.08 0 S2
Fan Luis Oblypo f'.no 12.41 6.11
Los Angeles O.fK) 4.57 2.33
San Diego 0.00 2.60 1.92
Yuma 0.00 0.6* .
fcan Frani-lson data— Maximum temperature,
M; minimum. 4C; mean, C 2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high frrcsfure overlies the Pacific
elope. During the pawt i 4 honre there has been
a flight rise over Southern C"anr»rnia and
Northern Washington. The;e ha*= been a flight
fall along the cua>t of Northern California
The temr>erature ha* chanjred but little dur
ing the past 24 hour* weat of the Rocky Moun
tains. Throughout Ontral and Northern Cali
fornia the temperatures are nearly normalT
Frosts are likely to occur Thursday morning
The river at Sacramento Is 26.8 feet and ris
ing.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight January 11. 1900:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, light
frost in the morning: light northerly, changing
to «oythejt6terly. winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday,, light
trort In the morning; light northerly winds.
Ne\-ada— Fair Thursday.
Utah — Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Ban .Francisco &ud vicinity— Fair Thursday.
Cork 61,933 ctls, valued at $55,000. of which 11,
247 ctls is Chevalier.
The market is dull and ' unchanged at nomi
nal quotations.
Feed, 724@75c for No. 1 and 60®70c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80®87%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Mornlngr Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Continue dull and unchanged. White,
$1 10@l 30; Red. $1 074@l 20; Gray. $1 0740
1174: Black, 974cfg$l 074.
CORN— Ecstern White Is quoted at 974c@
$1 024 ocr ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 05@
1 074; mixed, 974c@$l 024.
RYE— sl(St 03 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25®3 40 for bakers' and $2 2S®3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal.
|2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 25®3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4^4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
$4 50: Whole 'Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $6@7 25; in sacks. $5 75fJ7: Pearl Bar
ley $5; Split Peas, $3; Green Peas. $5 50 per
ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The markets under this head continue quiet
and featureless.
BRAN— SI 2 50®13 50 cer ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7®2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 00@17 00
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26®27; Job
bing. $27 50@28; Cocoanut Cake, $20®21; Corn
meal $23 60®24 50; Cracked Cora, $24@25: Mixed
Feed, $16 50@17; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7 50@8 50 for common to good
and $9®9 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7®>3;
Oat, $6 50@8; Barley, $5®6 50; Alfalfa. $5®S per
ton; Compressed. $7® 10 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are quoted rather firmer with a small
Improvement In laree White.
• BEANS— Bayos, $3®3 25: small White. $2 73®
2 90; large White, $2 40®2 60; Pinks, $2 50@2 63;
Reds, $3 25@3 50; Blackeye, $1 50; Butters, nom
inal; Lima, $4 90@5; Pea, $2 90®3 10; Red Kid
neys, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3!?34c; Yellow Mus
tard, 4@44c; Flax. $2 124; Canary, 34c per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7®Bc;
Rape, 24®3c; Hemp, 4®44c; Timothy, 4@44c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 50@l 90; Green, $1 .5
®2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions have again advanced. Potatoes are
firm, with an advance in rivers. Vegetables
show little chance. Peas being still In over
supply.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 86@95c; River Reds.
Cs@7sc: Bui banks, 60@90c per sack; Salinas Bur
banks, $l(gl25; Oregon Burbanks, 90c@$l 30;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 60@l 65 for Merced.
ONIONS— *I 50<gl 75 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2S3c; per lb;
String Beans, 4Q6c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes. 50c(g$l 25; Egg Plant from Los
Anreles. 10r3124c: Dried Okra, 124 c per lb:
Garlic, 54® 64c; Green Peppers from Los Ange
les. 3(ft4c; Dried Peppers, 84910 c; Carrots. 30340 c
per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 50c®
$1 25 per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per
ton. i
Poultry and Game.
There Is still a good deal of Eastern Poultry
on the market, and prices continue easy in con
sequence. Turkeys are lower. The Eastern
stock Is selling at 12c for Turkeys, $4 23 for
Ducks, $2®2 25 for Geese. $4 50®-5 for Hens and
Roosters and $3 50®4 for Fryers.
Game Is higher, with sales over the quota
tions In a small way.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13C?14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens;" Dressed Turkeys. 15
@17c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, $1 75
@2; Ducks. S4@s for old and $4@5 for young;
Hens, $4@5; Young Roosters. $4 5005; Old
Roosters. $4@4 60; Fryers, $4 50@5; Broilers, $4
@4 50 for large and $3@3 60 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for old and $2 SO^S for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25#2; Mallard, $3 50®5 60:
Canvasback, $3 5036 50; Sprig, $4'ffs; Teal. $3
@4; Widgeon, $3^3 50; Small Duck. $1 7S®2;
Doves. 75c per dozen; Hare, $I@l 50: Rabbits,
$1 50@2; Gray Geese, $4; White, $1 50; Brant.
$1 7353; Honkers, $4-^5; English Snipe. $3 per
dozen; Jack Snipe, $150.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Strictly fine Butter keeps steady, but the
medium and lower grades are In liberal sup
ply and weak. Cheese stands the same.
Eggs continue to decline and are accumu
lating, as buyers hold off.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25®26c; seconds,
23® 24c.
Dairy — Fancy, 22c; good to choice. 19@20c;
common. 135'174c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12c; old. 114 c;
Young America, 124@13c; Eastern, 134@16c;
Western. 13'»®i5c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 23<J?27c for store and 30®
324 c P e r dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold Stor
age, lS@22c for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh,
20® 25c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is no change in prices. Stocks of
Oranges are much lighter and large Navels
continue firm. There are free supplies of com
mon Apples here, but fine stock Is scarce.
DECIUUOUS FRUITSs—
Apples — 35<g65c per box for common. 75c@$l
for good. SI 25®1 50 for choice.
BERRIES — Cape Cod Cranberries, $4®5; Coos
Bay Cranberries, $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50®2 50
per box; Seedlings, 50c@$l; Japanese Man
darins, $1 6501 75; Pomelos, $I@3; Lemons, $1
©1 50 for common and $2#3 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $43* 50; California
Limes, 25@35c; Bananas, $1 0033 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks, 44c for
40-60's, 4®4%c for 60-60*8, 34c for 60-70's. 3%c
for 70-80' s. 3c for 80-90' s and 2%c for 90-100' s.
Apricots. ll@l3c for Royals, 124@16c for Moor
parks and 12®14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5%®
6c for Standards. 6Vi©6%c for choice and 7®Bc
for fancy; peeled Peaches, 124ig'15c; Evaporated
Apples. 6?i@74c; Sun-dried, 5©54 c per lb; Nec
tarines, S®9c; Pears, 6®74c for quarters and
SfEflCc for halves: Black Figs. 24©34 c; White
Figs, 4@sc; Bleached Plums, S@9c; Unbleached
Plums, 7@74c for pitted and 14c for unpltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Faicy, per lb, $4c; choice, 74c; standard, 64c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless.
60-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 54c;
8-crown, 6"4 c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters.' $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8©10 c; Walnuts, S@9c for
standards and 9®loc for softshell; Almonds,
114012 c for pacer-shell. 9@loc for soft and 4@
6c for hard shell; Peanuts. s>i@6%c for Eastern
and 5c for California: Brazil Nuts, 74USC; Fil
berts. 12®124cr Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$4 50©5.
HONEY— Comb, 114@12c for bright and 104®
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 8c;
light amber extracted. 74@7*ic; dark. sy.ijSc
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24® 26c per lb.
Provisions.
The Western markets are strong and this
market is firm In sympathy at the recently
advanced prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 5%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light.
12c for extra light and 134 c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 124@13c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, $12 per bbl;
extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork
$14 50; extra clear, $17 50; Mess. $16 50; smoked
Beef. 14@144c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 7%c for pure: half- barrels, pure.
BV4c: 10-lb tins, S*ic; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steero. 114 c: medium, lie; light.' 104 c; Cow
hides, lie; Stags, 74c: Salted Kip, 104 c; Calf,
lie: Dry Hides, sound, 13@lS4c; culls and
brands. 15c: Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry Calf.
20c; Sheepskins, yearlings. 20©35 c each; 6hort
Wool. 35<g60c each: medium. 70(990c; long Wool
$I@l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 25@2 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No. 2,
4c: refined, 64c; grease, 24c.
WOOL—
Fall clip, 13an Joaquln plains, 9t?10c; South
ern. 8@10c; Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 16@17c; Eastern Oregon, IZ'Q.lic:
Valley Oregon. lS@2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10Q
lie per lb.
HOPS— 6@9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
• BEEF— 7®74c per lb for Steers and 64©70 for
Cows.
VEAL— B@lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 74@8c; ewes. 7®7%c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 124 c: yearlings, B@9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, Bftc for small, 5%c for
New York Grain and Produce.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Do prefd. ..'..' 137 jFranklln 14
Federal Steel 49;fc JHumboldt 1
Do prefd 71 . . Osceola 714
Mcx Central IOVi Parrot 394
Mich Telephone 100 Qulncy 150
Old Dominion 20 St Fe Copper 54
Union Pacific 47T« j Tamarack ISS
Union Land 3 iWlnona 44
West End 92 I Wolverines <6
Do prefd. 112 lUtah ....- 27
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— Money on call, steady,
44@5 l i per cent; last loan, 44- Prime mercan
tile paper. 5@6 per cent. Sterling exchange,
easier, with actual business In bankers' bills
at $4 S7£4 874 for demand and at $4 534@4 83^
for eixty days. Posted rates, $4 844 and
$4 884. Commercial bills, $4 524@4 S3. Silver
certificates. 684©5a4c Bar silver, 58®5S%c.
Mexican dollars. 474 c. Government bonds,
weak: State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shews:
Available cash balance, $275,G63,351; gold re
serve, $233,144,145.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London Financial cablegram says:
The markets here to-day were Idle almost
beyond precedent. Leading brokers Bald the
volume of business was the smallest In a
dozen years. The tendency was steady, all
the markets awaiting a solution of the prob
lem In the Transvaal. The settlement, as an
ticipated, disclosed a meager open account.
Contangoes began at the rates which prevailed
at the last settlement, but tenders were soon
unable to place the money. Bankers generally
charged 44(g5 per cent, but some were ready
to take 4 per cent.
The American account proved to be the small
est for several years. London bid up securi
ties In the American department $1 above par
ity on insignificant orders, but prices sagged eff
on New York sales. Gold to the amount of
£250,000 was withdrawn on Indian currency
account, and £50,000 was taken for South
America.
The bank bought £5000 gold. The week's
net inflow of specie was £601,000. Money was
easy at 2®24 per cent. The market confi
dently expects a reduction of the bank rate
to-morrow to 5 per ceat, unless politics Inter
vene.
The bullion on the way from New York and
Russia counteracts Argentine and Dutch de
mands.
CLOSING
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Canadian Pacific, 934;
Union Pacific preferred. 754: Northern Pacific
preferred. 74H; Atchlson. 19%; Grand Trunk,
6%; Anaconda, 8; bar silver, steady, 27 l-16d.
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE-
Moraine Session.
Board — , „
200 Burlington J^
800 Dominion ~
1000 Dominion *»
100 Home Oil • **
100 Home Oil * £?
100 National • 73
Afternoon Session.
Board— . „
JOO Burlington * 5?
1300 Dominion „ ~
100 Home Oil ? J?
50 National • •*
50 National • 6 -'»
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Moraine Session.
Board—
100 Barker Ranch J Jf
100 Century Oil Co * 05
4CO Century Oil Co J JO.J 0 .
200 Anaconda Oil Co * i 5i 5
25 Yukon Crude Oil Co 1 <°
Afternoon Session.
Board— . M
100 Barker Ranch 1 J?
100 Anacor.da Oil Co 1 : a
100 Anaconda Oil Co I" 0
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
4N> B-lehpr 10| 100 Ophir TO
SCO Chcllar 2S 600 Potost M
100 Gould <& Curry 25 1(X) Savage 1*
2«0 Mexican 3l| 100 Utah - 0*
100 Occidental 131
Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge 20 2PO Savage H
200 Gould & Curry. 24 ! UK) Sierra Nevada. 43
100 Mexican 31: 100 Union Con .... 2S
250 Ophlr 70:
The following were the sales in th« Pacific)
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
EOO Belcher 101 200 Sierra Nevada. *J
500 Best & Belcher 23; 350 Carters O M 51
2GO Occidental ll>! 150 Carters G 11.... 51
100 Ophlr 69)
Afternoon Session.
500 Challenge Con.. 20' 200 Mexican tl
2CO Challenge Con.. 21 j 7CO Mexican 3a
200 Con Cal & V.I 474' 2CO Potosl 1»
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 10— » p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha — 04 Kentuck — 02
Alta 03 041 Lady Wash .... 02 —
Andes 10 U 1 Mexican 32 33
Belcher 10 11 Occidental 14 20
Beat & Belcher 23 24 Ophlr 89 Tl
Bullion C 4 0» Overman OS 00
Caledonia 30 51|Potost 1* »
Chollar 27 2S;Savage 17 »
Challenge Con.. 20 21 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 60 64 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con fal Sr v'a...l 45 150 Sierra Nevada. 43 44
Con Impei. . .. — 01 Silver Hill 03 04
Con New York. — to St Louis — OS
Crown Point... 12 14 Standard ISO —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 05
Gould & Curry 23 V, Union Con 2. 23
Hale & Norc... 33 41 Utah 03 04
Julia ..' — 03 i Yellow Jacket.. 23 2*
Justice — 05: -
Continu«<i on Page Elevea,
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
THURSDAY. JANUARY 11.
Sun rlnes 7:23
Sun sets 3:11
Moon sets 3:44 a. m.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 9% 5 9%
Closing 5 94 5 94
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 18 00 18 90
Closing 18 15 19 05
Flour —
Opening 23 90 24 75
Closing 24 10 24 90
< ! 0
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Jan. 10.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The wool market continues quiet, but Is very
firm, pending the general opening of the goods
market. Such goods as have been shown have
opened at advances ranging all the way from
15 to 40 per cent over last year and a satis
factory business is reported to have been done
thus far. Just at present the manufacturers
are not purchasing wool very- liberally although
they have been a little more In evidence the
past week and have taken some small lots of
medium wools and fine Australian. The entire
business of the week has been of a retail char
acter and the total sales aggregate only 2,565,
000 pounds. Prices continue to maintain much
strength and the trade are so confident as to
the future of wool that they have already con
tracted for a considerable portion of next sea
son's clip at prices ranging all the way from
60 to 73 cents clean landed at Boston.
Antwerp Wool Sales.
ANTWERP, Jan. 10.— At the wool sales to-day
3100 bales were offered. There was a good at
tendance, but the demand • slackened, owing to
the high rates. There were 900 bales sold and
the sales In detail were as follows >
718 balea of. Buenos Ayres at'Bo@3ls francs;
150 bales of Montevideo at 220@335 francs.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 10.— CATTLE— Good to choice
fat steers, steady: Inferior to medium, weak
to 10c lower; Texans, steady; cow market,
Bteady to strong; stockers' and feeders, quiet;
calves, steady. Good to choice, $5 30@6 45; poor
to medium. $4 10Q5; mixed stockers, $3@3 80;
selected feeders, $4 1004 S5: good to choice
cows, $3 50@4 65; heifers, $3 25@4 75: canners,
$2 25@2 90; bulls. $2 5004 60; calves, $4 50@7 60;
fed Texas beeves. $4 25®5 25.
HOGS— Fairly active. 24c to 5c lower; fair
clearance. Mixed .and butchers, $4 30@4 65;
good to choice heavy, $4 40@4 60: rough heavy,
$4 3004 374; light, $4 2,'f 4 45; bulk of sales,
$4 40@4 50.
SHEEP AND LAMBS— Best steady; others
weak. Native wethers. $4 40@5: lambs. $4 50®
6 25; Western wethers, $4 30®4 75; Western
lambs, $5 50(56 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 16,500; hogs. 40,000; sheep-,
15 000
Portlands Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 10.— Clearings. $298,
595; balances, $38,289.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 10.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 52@524c; valley, 62c; blue stem, 62@54c.
Cleared— Bark Hyon. for Queenstown, with
62,826 bushels wheat. / '
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 10.— No change In wheat.
Club. 51c; blue stem, 63c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 10.-Consols. 98%: silver,
27 l-16d; French rentes. 99f 874 c; wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet, steady; English country markets,
steady.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 10.— Wheat, dull; wheat
In Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 10.— WHEAT— Futures
closed dull. March. 6s 94d; May, 6s 9>id.
Spot, dull.
CORN— Spot, quiet; futures, steady. Janu
ary. 3s. 6%d; February, 3s, 5%d.
THE STOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
medium and 5%@54c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 6%®54c; dressed Hogs, 7@S4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7@7%c; Wool
Bags. 2S@3oc.
COAL— Wellington. IS p«r ton: New Wel
lington. 18; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, J7; Bryant, $7: Coos Bay, $"» 50: Wallsend,
JS; Co-operative Wallsend, IS; Scotch. ;
Cumberland. $10 In oulk and ill 50 in sacks':
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. {13; Cannel, Jll
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash, in 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5Hc; Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Gran
ulated, 4^c; Confectioners' A. 474 c; California
A. ; Magnolia A. 44c; Extra C. 4%c; Golden
C, 4%c; barrel?. l-16c more; half-barrels, %c
more; boxes. 4c more; 60-lb bag?. 4c more.
No orders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, S%c; boxes,
5%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 18.
Flour, qr sks 5 711; Hay. tons 407
Wheat, ctls 54.000 Straw, tons 46
Barley. ct!s 113,4!t> Hops, bales 73
Corn, ctls 20 Shorts, sks 12
Rye, ctls S3' Paper, reams I.ISO
Tallow, ctls .. 242! Chicory, bbls 52
Cheese, ctls llljLime. bbls 135
Butter, ctls 220 Hides. No 302
Beans, sks 23: Pelts. bndls 117
Potatoes, sks .... 2,762|Eggs, dor 5,430
Onions, sks 410 {Quicksilver. flsk« 20
Bran. *ks 3,460 Leather, rolls .... 40
Middlings, ska.... 4»o'wtne. gals 34,050
Sugar, sks »;0-
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 3.061; Potatoes, sks .... 5.3.*.S
Wheat, ctls 7.410 Onions, sks BS9
Oats, ctls 430 1
Notice to Mariners.
SAUNDERS REEF. CALIFORNIA.
Office United Statea Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth District.
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 10. 1300.
Notice Is hereby given that the whlstlin*
buoy off Saunders Reef, seven and a half miles
below Point Arena, California, has parted Its
moorings and gone ashore. Another whistlins
buoy will be established in the same locatloa
as soon as practicable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, ISOS, page 26.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander, U. S. N.. Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
• Time Ball. .
TVnnch Hydroeraphie Office, V. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Fxchange. San Francisco. CaJ..
January 10, 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferrr
building* was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. «•.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at J
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G, CALKIN 3,
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. Jf.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Sunrer^-
Tlmes and Height* o« High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than *t Fort Polat;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tlde9
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
zlven are In addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when & minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
New York Stock Market.
Charters.
The Amelia loads lumber at Port Blakeley
for Honolulu: Ottllle Fjord, redwood at Eu
reka for Kahului.
Our With the Pacific %oads
The following figures chow the amounts due
the United States from Pacific railroads on
eccount of bonds issued In aid of their con
struction: Central branch. Union Pacific, $3.
7U.ZU; Sioux City and Pacific, 14.2C5.075; total.
J7.962.795. The Government has been reim
bursed for J27.C36.ri2 principal and $31,211,711
Interest, being the total indebtedness of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company to November
1. 1597. and for the principal of the Kansas
Pacific Indebtedness, amounting to J6.303.000.
The ur.pald balance of the total Indebtedness
of the Central Pacific and Western Pacific
Railroad companies to the United States, un
der settlement agreement of February 1, ISS»,
amounts to $47,050,272 and accrued Interest,
less transportation earning*.
Our Cash and Debts.
The following is a statement of the public
«ebt and of the cash In the treasury of the
United States at the close of business Decem
ber 31: Interest-bearing debt. J1,CC6,772.3:0;
debt on which Interest has ceased since ma
turity. $1.2 C*.500; debt bearing no Interest, J3SS.
•14,640; certificates and treasury notes, offset
liy an equal amount of cash in the treasury,
$C56.579,4C3; aggrepate of debt. $2.104. 574.5C3.
Compared with the -statement issued Novem
ber SO the figrures show an increase of cer
tificates and treasury notes amounting to $$.-
SI&EOQL and an increase In the aggregate debt
of I):T4.t>C3. The cash in the treasury at the
<sate mentioned was: Gold, t355,032.c;7; silver,
5457.200.739; paper. $64,585,670; bonds, minor
coin, fractional currency, etc.. 555.154.605; ag
gregate, $1.04*,006.G41. The cash balance In the
treasury, Noveir.br 30, was 5256.:i6.459. and
on l>ecernber 31 $:^3.r.90.4r.3. showing a decrease
curing the month of J2.«:0,9!>6.
New York Money Market.
A New York backer says: "The new year
opens up with the most favorable prospects.
It Is rare Indeed that the whole business situa
tion of any country Is In so satisfactory a con
dition as we find it here In the United States
to-day. The rallrca<i» were never carrying bo
ir.uch tonnage, and that is a good Index to gen
eral prosperity. The war in South Africa is
not likely to seriously affect values In this
country a 6econd time as seriously as the re
cer.t one. Therefore I take it that the dis
turbance In the Transvaal has given us about
the worst. 6hock that. It is likely to do. We
have already shipped $14.525.O I .>O in gold, which
has done considerable good In London without
doing us any particular harm. As a matter of
tact we have derived considerable benefit by
having benefited the London money market by
the gold we have sent there, as our investment
securities have ceased now to be returned in
consequence. The holdings of our securities
In e;»eculatlve hands In London were probably
never smaller than they are Just now. So
there la nothing to fear from this one source
under any circumstances."
EASTERN MARKETS.
600 American Tin Plate 29
••••••• American Tin' Plate prefd 804
85,170 American Tobacco 95%
American Tobacco prefd 135
700 Anaconda Mining Co 39
44.560 Brooklyn- Rapid Transit 714
2,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 40%
6,450 Continental Tobacco 314
810 Continental Tobacco prefd ... 85
19,910 Federal Steel 49%
1,475, Federal Steel prefd 71%
700 General Electric 120%
400 Glucose Sugar 4»V4
Glucose Sugar prefd 95
International Paper 224
210 International Paper prefd 66
200 Lacleda Gas 75
National Biscuit - 36
National Biscuit prefd 83'
115 National Lead 25
176 National Lead prefd 1034
610 National Steel prefd 41
300 National Steel prefd 91%
•• New York Air Brake 133
400 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 49'
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 60
7.475 Pacific Mall 42
7,820 People's Gas 102%
860 Pressed Steal Car 564
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 85
100 Pullman Palace Car IS6
100 Standard Ropa & Twine 9%
178,950 Sugar 120%
300 Sugar prefd 115'
2,900 Tennessee Coal & Iron 82%
9,050 United States Leather 16%
615 United States Leather prefd 734
United States Rubber 414
IS6 United States Rubber prefd 103
600 Western Union 86%
2,120 Republic Iron & Steel 20%
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 65
P C C & St Louis 73
549,600 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S 2s reg 1024|N V Cent lsts 109
L S 3s reg 109% N J Cent sen 55. ..118
U S 3s coup ...1104 N Carolina 6s 127
U S new 4s reg 133^ N Carolina 4s 106
U S new 4s c0up.. 133% N Pacific lsts 110
U S old 4s reg 114 N Pacific 3s 65%
U S old 4s coup. ...114% N Pacific 4s 103
U S 5s reg lli% IN V C & S L 45. ..104
U S 5s coup ll'ii N & W con 4s 904
Dls of Col 3. 605.... 119 N & W gen 6s 129
Atchlson gen 45.... 9S*i;Or Nay lsts 110
Atchlson adj 4s 79 jOr Nay 4b 101
Canada So 2ds 1074 Or Short Line 65.. .130
Ches & Ohio 445... 964 '0r S Line con 05..H04
Ches & Ohio 55. ...115 JReading Gen 4s 83
C & VW con 75. ...139 R G W lsts 93^4
C& NW SFdeb 55.118 8L& I M con E5.1094
Chicago Term 45.. 93% ;S L & S F Ben 6s. 120
D & R O lsts 102415t Paul cons 167
V & R O 4s 97 |S P C & P 15t5.... 1184
E Tenn.V&Ga lsts.lo3 |S P C & Pss 1174
Erie General 45.... 674 So Railway 5s 1064
F W & D C lsts... 714 Stand R & T 6a.... 80
General Elec 55... 117 Term new set 3s. .95
G H &. S A 6s 108 ITex & Pac 15t5....11l
G H & S A 255....105 ITex & Pac 2ds B4
H & T C 5s 1104 Union Pacific 45....101\
H & T C con 65. ..110 Wabash lsts my.
lowa Cent lsts 110 Wabash 2ds 09%
X C P&G lsts tr.. 63 West Shore 4s 111%
La new con 45. ....1064 \V!s Cent lsts S3
L& N Unl 4s 97 Va Centuries 84V4
80 Pacific 4s 80 Va Deferred 5
MX & T 2ds 67 Colo &So 4s 84
M X & T 4s S3
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 22 Ontario 7 23
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 65
Con Cal & Va 1 40jPlymouth 8
Deadwood . 63 Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry 20 Do prefd 800
Hale & Norcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada 40
Homestake 50 OOiStandard 2 65
Iron Silver 52jUnlon Con 23
Mexican 2SiVellow Jacket 21
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— SVestinghs Elec... 404
Call loans '. 637 Do prefd 63
Time loans 5@6 Wls Central is
Stocks — ' IDominlon Coal 44
Atch T & St Fe... IS%| Do prefd 115
Do prefd 1S T «, j Bonds-
American Sugar.. .l2o*4 'Atchison 4s 97
Do prefd 114 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 330 Adventure 6
Boston & A1bany.. 241% Allouez Mm C 0.... 8
Boston Elevated... 954lAtlantlc 25
Chi B & Q 1204 ! Boston & M0nt.... 27a
Ed Elec 111 205 JButte & Boston... 42
Fltchburg prefd... 1234 ,<;aluraet & Hec1a,.745
Gen Electric 1204 Centennial 174
Chicago Grain Market.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
day. Business was conducted along conserva
tive lines and the price movement was unusu
ally narrow. Tin continued to attract special
attention, however, and ruled more or less
Irregular throughout. At the close the Ex
change called :
PIGIRON— Warrants, quiet.
LAKE COPPER— Unchansed.
TlN— Unsettled; $25 50026 50.
LEAD— Steady; $4 70@4 75. .
SPELTER-Dull; $4 45<g 4 65.
The brokers" price for lead is $4 45 and for
copper |16 60.
Foreign Futures.
light frost In the morning: light northerly,
changing to southeasterly, winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Discharge of California Rivers.
The following record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California Rivers is fur
nlEhed by J. B. Llpplncott. hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey. One second
foot enuals 50 miners' Inches:
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Silver a fraction off. Exchange as before.
Slight decline in Wheat futures.
Other cereals uncliangcd and inactive.
Hay and Fecdstuffs continue dull at previous prices, . .
Beans quoted rather firmer. Seeds still dull.
Potatoes firm. Another advance in Onions.
Southern Vegetables continue in good supply and cheap.
Poultry market ovcrsupplicd with Eastern stock.
Game continues to advance, being scarce.
Eggs still lower. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Oranges in lighter supply and firm. Apples plentiful
Provisions still firm in sympathy zvith the West.
Meat market unchanged.
CHICAGO, Jan. 10.— The Indifference of
Liverpool to the advance in wheat here yes
terday weakened the local market at the open
ing, May at 67%@67%c showing an Initial loss
of 4c. Buyers later, on the war scare, sold
and prices eased off to 674H67%c, where it
steadied and on reports of a better export de
mand laboriously advanced to 68c. On liqui
dation occasioned by the light clearances and
the liberal primary receipts the rally was lost.
May touching 674 c. A rumor that Ladysmith
had fallen caught the market In an over-sold
condition and shorts made haste to cover, un
der pressure of which the market again ad
vanced. May to 68065 M.C. The rumor was un
confirmed and some of the scare accumula
tions were disposed of. The clcei was rather
weak. May *te<a%c under yesterday, at C7%c.
Corn was firm all day, up a trifle at times,
even when- wheat was weak. May closed a
shade over yesterday at 33®334c.
Oats were firm but dull. May closed a shade
up at 24c.
A good shipping demand and some covering
by shorts held the provision market firm in
the face of liberal hog receipts and softer
prices at the yards. May pork closed 5c over
yesterday; May lard a shade higher and May
ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 644 644 64Vi 64%
May ...• 67% 654 67 H 67%
July- 684 684 67% 68%
Corn No. 8—
January 80% 30% 304 30%
May 32% 33* 82% 334
July 33% 33% 33ft 33%
Oats No. 2— JJ t
January 22V4
May 23% 24 23% 24
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January 10 524
May ...10 75 10 824 10 75 10 824
Lard, per 100 pounds— L'J -' V.
January 8 75
May . 5 874 5 924 5 874 6 924
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 5 60
May .....5 65 5 724 565 570
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 63ffi344c: No. 2 red,
6GViiJJ67c; No. 2 corn, 30"45?30*ic; )No. 2 oats,
224®23c;N0. 2 white, 2o<U2Z l £c; No. 3 white,
2i%<SZoY*c; No. 2 rye. 524-3530; No. 2 barley,
38<g41c: No. 1 flaxeeed, $1 51: prime timothy
seed, $; 35; mess pork, per barrel. $3 20-310 65;
lard, per 100 pounds. $5 60#5 80; short ribs Bides
(loose), $5 50@5 75; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$5 50@5 75; short clear sides (boxed), $5 75®
5 80; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal
lon, $1 234.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 66.000 30,(XX>
Wheat, bushels 98,000 ¦ 20.000
Corn, bushels 645.000 173,000
Oats, bushels 462.000 175.000
R>e, bushels IS.OOO 17.000
Barley, bushels 74,000 31,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market- was as follows: Creamery, 22'323c;
dairy. 17® 22c. Cheese, firm, 12@12»ic. Eggs,
easy; fresh, 18c.
8
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLYS FERRY,
Time-
Ime
Tima
)Ft.
L W
HW
I Ft.
Id
Ft.
. j I
Ft
f I I
f
11 ...
It ...
IS ...
H ...
. 1:05 3.0
. 2:07 3.1
. 3:04 3.1
. 3:58 3.0
7:»
8:22
9:13
10:00
«.O
8.1
8.1
6.0'
2:4SL
3:36;-
4:20:-
.4! 9:47|
.1 10:39
39
4.
4.
4.
13 .
.{ O:CC 4.91
I A-r» i v!
( 4:43
3.0
10:45 |
.9 5:35-
« «-07:.
. 0:37 4.9
2.9'
17 ...
;.j)
12:U
Ul 8:371
Steamer.
j . From.
ue.
,
Progreso
Corona
G. XV. Elder..
I'oint Arena..
Crescent City.
North Fork...
Miami
v
.[Tacoma ,
.jsan Uie<o
. I Portland
|Polnt Arena
.ICrescent City
.IHumboldt
'Seattle
Jin
J.i -i
!Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
11
v
11
11
v
11
n
San Pedro
H
Queen
Mnana
Empire
Pomona
Matteawan ...
A. Blanchard.
Bonlta
Aloha
. I Victoria & Puget Soun
.ISydnev
.'Coos Bay
.IHumboldt
. I Tacoma
iCoos Bay
I Newport
'Crescent City
Jan
¦Tin
'Jan
Uan
IJan
Uan
]Jan
Jin
U
13
12
13
12
1^
13
n
Samoa
Arcata
.JHujnbnldt
.«.'¦•>••!" Bay
H
14
Columbia
,| Portland
iJan
Aberdeen
15
China
Volumnla
E Thompson.
.[China and Japan
.'Hamburg
.ISeattle
Jan
Uan
IJan
Bristol
Santa Rom —
South Portlam
Mackinaw
Poos Bay
Walla Walla..
NewburK
State of Cal...
Ml
.(Departure Bay
!San Diejco
llVparture Bay
.|SeattlP
(Newport
. ! Victoria & Puget Soun
, fJrays Harbor
.(Portland
..."
...i
..I
Jan
IJan
Uan
IJan
I Jan
'Jan
Uan
'Jan
IS
19
15
14
n
17
1*
»
Steamer, j Destination. I
Sails. I Pier.
I __ w—
Coos Bay.. .'Newport IJan.
Vmatllla ...IVic & P*t Sd.IJan.
G Dollar... [Grays Harbor;Jan.
State of Cal. Portland ( Jan.
Corona |San Dleiro IJan.
Homer Oregon Ports. Jan.
Pt Arena.. Pjlnt Arena.. Jan.
A. Blanch" djCoos Bay Jan.
North Fork. ! Humboldt I Jan.
C. Nelson... Puset Sound.. IJan.
Pomona Humboldt 'Jan.
Santa Cruz. San Pedro Jan.
Arcata ) Coos Bay Jan.
Hong. Maru Chlna&Japan Jan.
Aloha Crescent City. Jan.
Queen Vic & Pgt SU. Jan.
Santa Rosa. San Dieto Jan.
Samoa Humboldt Jan.
Columbia .. Portland Jan.
Aberdeen .. Portland [Jan.
Newport ...[Panama !Jan.
. U. »amfpler II
. 11, 10 am! Pier »
. 11. 6pmi
. 13. lOamiPter It
. 13. 11 amiPler 11
. 13. 10 am'Pler 20
. 13. 2 pmjPler S
. 13. l pnvPler 13
. 14. 9 am! Pier *
. 14. 10 am, Pier 2
. 1». 2 pm;Pler j
. 15, » am Pier 11
. 15. 10 am' Pier 13
. 16. 1 pmlPMSS
. 18. 3 pmlPler 2
. K 10 am! Pier ">
. 17. 11 am 1 Pier It
. 17, 10 am; Pier 1J
. IS, 10 ami Pier 2*
• » I
. W. 12 mlPMSS
Secoi
>nd Feet.
T>t
ATE.
I
1838.
, I 1899.
!
"i
1
,p. c p
. 255
908
: 908
90S
! 908
j-'i
! 849
320
i 849
285
2^84
I &
nd' Feet.
V.
lATE.
.sss.
UO9.
•
4925
10,700
I
4325
4925
B.SCO
9,SC>O
8.500
4925
4925
4925
9.200
8.915
14,300
Steamer, j Destination. I
Sails. I Pier.
I __ w—
Coos Bay.. .'Newport IJan.
Vmatllla ...IVic & P*t Sd.IJan.
G Dollar... [Grays Harbor;Jan.
State of Cal. Portland ( Jan.
Corona |San Dleiro IJan.
Homer Oregon Ports. Jan.
Pt Arena.. Pjlnt Arena.. Jan.
A. Blanch" djCoos Bay Jan.
North Fork. ! Humboldt I Jan.
C. Nelson... Puset Sound.. IJan.
Pomona Humboldt 'Jan.
Santa Cruz. San Pedro Jan.
Arcata ) Coos Bay Jan.
Hong. Maru Chlna&Japan Jan.
Aloha Crescent City. Jan.
Queen Vic & Pgt SU. Jan.
Santa Rosa. San Dieto Jan.
Samoa Humboldt Jan.
Columbia .. Portland Jan.
Aberdeen .. Portland [Jan.
Newport ...[Panama !Jan.
. U. »amfpler II
. 11, 10 am! Pier »
. 11. 6pmi
. 13. lOamiPter It
. 13. 11 amiPler 11
. 13. 10 am'Pler 20
. 13. 2 pmjPler S
. 13. l pnvPler 13
. 14. 9 am! Pier *
. 14. 10 am, Pier 2
. 1». 2 pm;Pler j
. 15, » am Pier 11
. 15. 10 am' Pier 13
. 16. 1 pmlPMSS
. 18. 3 pmlPler 2
. K 10 am! Pier ">
. 17. 11 am 1 Pier It
. 17, 10 am; Pier 1J
. IS, 10 ami Pier 2*
• » I
. W. 12 mlPMSS
Steamer.
j . From.
ue.
,
Progreso
Corona
G. XV. Elder..
I'oint Arena..
Crescent City.
North Fork...
Miami
v
.[Tacoma ,
.jsan Uie<o
. I Portland
|Polnt Arena
.ICrescent City
.IHumboldt
'Seattle
Jin
J.i -i
!Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
11
v
11
11
v
11
n
San Pedro
H
Queen
Mnana
Empire
Pomona
Matteawan ...
A. Blanchard.
Bonlta
Aloha
. I Victoria & Puget Soun
.ISydnev
.'Coos Bay
.IHumboldt
. I Tacoma
iCoos Bay
I Newport
'Crescent City
Jan
¦Tin
'Jan
Uan
IJan
Uan
]Jan
Jin
U
13
12
13
12
1^
13
n
Samoa
Arcata
.JHujnbnldt
.«.'¦•>••!" Bay
H
14
Columbia
,| Portland
iJan
Aberdeen
15
China
Volumnla
E Thompson.
.[China and Japan
.'Hamburg
.ISeattle
Jan
Uan
IJan
Bristol
Santa Rom —
South Portlam
Mackinaw
Poos Bay
Walla Walla..
NewburK
State of Cal...
Ml
.(Departure Bay
!San Diejco
llVparture Bay
.|SeattlP
(Newport
. ! Victoria & Puget Soun
, fJrays Harbor
.(Portland
..."
...i
..I
Jan
IJan
Uan
IJan
I Jan
'Jan
Uan
'Jan
IS
19
15
14
n
17
1*
»
Time-
Ime
Tima
)Ft.
L W
HW
I Ft.
Id
Ft.
. j I
Ft
f I I
f
11 ...
It ...
IS ...
H ...
. 1:05 3.0
. 2:07 3.1
. 3:04 3.1
. 3:58 3.0
7:»
8:22
9:13
10:00
«.O
8.1
8.1
6.0'
2:4SL
3:36;-
4:20:-
.4! 9:47|
.1 10:39
39
4.
4.
4.
13 .
.{ O:CC 4.91
I A-r» i v!
( 4:43
3.0
10:45 |
.9 5:35-
« «-07:.
. 0:37 4.9
2.9'
17 ...
;.j)
12:U
Ul 8:371
Secoi
>nd Feet.
T>t
ATE.
I
1838.
, I 1899.
!
"i
1
,p. c p
. 255
908
: 908
90S
! 908
j-'i
! 849
320
i 849
285
2^84
I &
nd' Feet.
V.
lATE.
.sss.
UO9.
•
4925
10,700
I
4325
4925
B.SCO
9,SC>O
8.500
4925
4925
4925
9.200
8.915
14,300Wheeler at Stanford.
BERKELEY. Jan. 10.— President Benja
min Ide Wheeler, Librarian Rowell and
Professors Flagg and Hllgard will attend
the dedication of the new library build
ing at Stanford University to-morrow.
Poems by a Professor.
BERKELEY, Jan. 10.— The university
library is in receipt of a beautiful vol
ume of verse from ; the pen of Edward
Robison Taylor, dean of the College of
Medicine of the University of California.
The book Is published by Elder & Shep
pard of San Francisco-
LIFE SENTENCE FOR
SULLIVAN, THE BURGLAR
No Clemency Shown Wilmore's Pal,
Who Shot Chief Conrad.
C. C. SULLIVAN. THE BURGLAR SENT
TO PRISON FOR LIFE.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cal',
90S Broadway. Jan. IV
C. C. Sullivan, the burglar, whose pal.
Bert Wlllmore, was killed by Chief Con
rad on the night of the A. O. Gott jewelry
store burglary in Alameda. last October,
was given a life sentence In the peniten
tiary to-day.
In pronouncing sentence Judge Hal'
made the remarkable declaration that he
"did not know, philosophically speaking,
that there is very much justification for
punishing people on this earth by the
hand of the law." The remark attracted
particular attention In view of the utter
ances of B. F. Albright, an Alamedan,
who had given as his reason for being ex
cused as a juror In the Serverra perjury
case, that he believed none but God should
sit in judgment on evil-doers, and that ifo
human hand should deal out punishment.
When Sullivan appeared for sentence,
his attorney, T. J. Crowley, promptly
moved for a new trial. This the court de
nied, as well as a motion in arrest of
judgment. Sullivan was then ordered to
stand up before the tribunal for sentence.
He stood unmoved.
Sullivan was orJgrnally .convicted of
murder In the second degree In Fresno
and sentenced to sixteen years, but Gov
ernor Budd pardoned him In December,
IS9S.
"Fifteen men on the dead man's chest, Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!
Drink and the devil did the rest— Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!"
<W> LAMEDA, Jan. 10.— Steve Potter, the youthful pirate of Oakland Creek,
//\\ languishes in the Alameda City Jail, awaiting trial upon a charge of
II — W grand larceny, the complaint upon which he was arrested, alleging that
he stole the yacht Nellie C, owned by Julius E. Back of Oakland.
The boyish pirate is sad. He bewails the fate that has delivered him into
the hands of the law. He says he has been led into disgrace by evil associ
ates. If it had not been for the Importunities of companions he would have
remained his mother's little white-haired darling.
Stephen Potter does not deny that he enjoyed himself Immensely during
his piratical outing. The memory of boisterous nights and lazy, delightful
days lingers with him still, and with a sorrowful smile he relates his adven
tures.
"Us fellers had a great time," declared the kid pirate. "We wu/; £oin' v'
be market hunters an' make all kinds o' money. I was th' only one what
could sail th' boat, so they calls me captain. None o' 'em could hit th' side o'
Goat Island at low tide wid a gun and we didn't get no ducks, so we got
tired an* sold th' boat t' a feller in San Rafael.
"I didn't want f sell th' boat 't all, an" I toid th' fellers we'd better take
It back f Back, but they wouldn't listen f me. After we sells her we di
vides th' money an' goes f th' city an' blows ourselves. When I went home
I told my mother we made money huntin' ducks."
and Distillery Company was to-day aelzefl
for the assessment of $009 due the United
States Government. The seizure was
made by Deputy United States Revenue
Collector W. F. Price of Santa Rosa. The
property will be sold en January Z7.
-o.
SACRAMENTO MAYORALTY
CONTEST NOW IN COURT
Suit Filed by a Citizen to Prevent
Clark From Taking
Office.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.— There is no
change in the Mayoralty contest, the
scene of action having been transferred
from the city departments to the Superior
Court, where litigation involving the sev
eral phases of the case is in progress.
The case of W. H. Bradley, a citizen,
against George H. Clark, to prevent his
taking the office of Mayor on account of
the alleged violation of the purity of elec
tions law, came up in the Superior Court
this morning, but was continued until
Tuesday next.
The motion of Clark's attorneys to dis
solve the temporary injunction. Issued at
the instance of Mayor Land, to prevent
Mayor Clark from interfering with the
exercise of his official duties, was argued
to-day. Another matter is pending,
wherein Clark and the entire nine mem
bers of the Board of Trustees and Clark s
counsel are charged, at Land s Instance,
with contempt of court In having vio
lated, as alleged, a temporary restraining
order of court.
MISS SILVEY HELD
TO ANSWER FOR MURDER
Testimony Tended to Show That the
Killing of Thomas Was Planned
in Advance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, Jan. 10.— At 11 o'clock this
morning the preliminary examination of
Miss Silvey, who is charged with having
murdered Charles A. Thomas two weeks
ago, was commenced In Judge Crocker's
court. The defendant entered the room
heavily veiled and seemed to fully realize
her position. :*••._ , .. .
Lacey Silvey, a brother of the accused
woman, gave out the most Important
evidence of any of the witnesses exam
ined and from it It seems as if the mur
der of Thomas had been discussed by
members of the family prior to the day
that his sister fired the fatal shot which
sent Thomas to his death. After hearing
all the evidence Judge Crocker held Miss
Silvey to answer for murder before the
Superior Court without bonds. She is
now confined in the County Jail.
CHANGES AT AGNEWS.
More Undesirable Employes Walk
the Plank.
Special Ptspatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 10.— The weeding out of
unsatisfactory employes at Agnews In
sane Asylum Is still continued by Medi
cal Director Crane. There have been
more changes at that Institution In the
few months he has had charge of it than
during Dr. Sponogle's entire administra
tion. The employes are all uneasy over
the matter, not knowing when their time
will come.
At the regular meeting Of the asylum
manarers to-day Director Crane reported
that H. M. McCabe. J. Gilbert and F.
Mulvtnna. assistant attendants, had re
•igned during the month. His appoint
ments In that time are: Dr. G. D. Mar
vin, second assistant physician; Frank
Stark. assistant landscape gardener;
George Parkman, shoemaker; W. T.
Brlerly, assistant attendant. This is not
quite up to the usual quota of changes
that Dr. Crane has made each month
since his appointment.
There are 1004 patients In the hospital,
552 of whom are males. During the month
of December $850 had been collected for
board of pay patients.
Only routine business was transacted at
the meeting of the managers.
Struck a Horse.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PACIFIC GROVE. Jan. 10.— While run
ning at a rapid rate of speed through the
cut Just outside this city yesterday an
electric car struck and killed a horse.
The car toppled and would have turned
over on its side had not the passengers
thrown their weight the other way. No
one was Injured, but the car was badly
damaged.
Former Baseball Star's Sad Death.
PITTSBURG. Jan. 10.— Henry Kassler.
who was at one time catcher for the
famous Cincinnati Reds, died last night
at the poor farm of Venango County. He
was 63 years old.
Killed by a Train.
BRENTWOOD, Jan. 10.— Herbert Halll
nan. aged 18. a resident of Oakland, was
run over and killed here by a Southern
overland this morning while he was asleep
on the cinders in the middle of the track.
NOT ONLY SEATS
BUT MORE WAGES
FOR SHOP GIRLS
Oakland Club Takes
Up Discussion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 10.
The ladles of the Oakland Club took
definite action to-day in the matter of the
seating of young women employed In
stores by adopting a resolution pledging
the promotion of home trading and in re
turn asking of the merchants better
wages for female employes, together with
the carrying out of the law that has as Its
purpose the securing of every possible
comfort for shop girls.
The Oakland Club took up this matter,
which was first made prominent by the
Mothers' Club of Golden Gate, at the re
quest of the latter organization, and acted
upon it without delay. At the meeting
this afternoon Mrs. Henrika Illohan, pres
ident of the Golden Gate club, spoke for
a few minutes on shop conditions. With
out any further discussion the following
resolution, Introduced by Mrs. ' Henry
Goodcell, was read and adopted:
Whereas, The wases paid to the employe
are dependent upon the financial success of
the employer, that In furthering the Interest
ot one the other should also be furthered,
therefore.
Resolved, That the Oakland Club pledges
itself to use its best endeavors to promote
home .trading and. In return, respectfully
requests the co-operation of the merchants
of Oukland In furtherlns the Interests of
the woirren in their employ; that they be
paid better wages and that the provisions
of the law for their protection, already
enacted, be fully carried out.
In connection with the subject of seat
ing women in stores, Mrs. Illohan
broached that of compulsory education,
and declared that the law relating to it
is not enforced strongly enough. The
crowded condition of the schools Is given
as an excuse for this non-enforcement,
the trustees being compelled to overlook
absences because there would be no place
to put the children if they should como.
Mrs. George W. Bunnell, president of
the Oakland Club, also spoke speclflcally
of the wage question.
In closing the talk on seating clerks,
Mrs. Iliohan said that if shoppers could
be comfortably seated before the counter,
surely the girls behind It should be, since
they are there and on their feet from 7
orB until <6 and often later. She was ap
plauded.
Mrs. John Bakewell and Mrs. Robert
Watt were unanimously elected as dele
gates to the convention that will meet In
Los Angeles next week to consider the
State federation of clubs. Since neither
of these ladles are active suffragists, .this
will take some color from the statement
that the suffragists of the Oakland Club
are leading the federation movement.
Several very instructive talks were
given during the afternoon. Mrs. Watt
spoke on domestic science and extended
general Invitation to the free demonstra
tions to-morrow afternoon at the school,
Fifth and Peralta streets. Miss Voorhies
spoke on cooking and cooking classes,
and Miss Emery on sewing. Mrs. M. L.
Curtis gave an interesting and spirited
Impromptu talk on servant-maids.
Resolutions of condolence were adopted
to be sent the family of Mrs. Touchard,
who lately died and who was a member
of the club. A letter of Invitation was
sent Mrs. T. B. Walker, founder of the
Bethlehem Home of • Minneapolis, to be
present next Wednesday afternoon. Mrs.
Walker Is visiting In San Francisco. Miss
Morgan, president of the Oakland Sketch
Club, was given a rising vote of thanks
for the gift of a picture painted by her.
The Oakland Club will ask Mrs. Phebe
Hearst's interest in Its work, as they are
asking the interest of every woman.
Every department Is to be pushed for
ward as speedily as possible, as avenues
for good are opening everywhere to the
ladies.
The attendance was large to-day,
among those present being Mrs. Weaih
erby. Mrs. Barber. Miss Emery. Mrs. Cur
tis. Mrs. Huber. Miss Keene, Miss Mise
role. Mrs. Dixon, Mrs. George Flint. Mrs.
Iliohan. Mrs. yon Weller, Mrs. .Musser,
Mrs." A. D. Thompson, Mrs. Sanborn, Miss
Kuhnle, Mrs. Mott, Miss McClees. Mrs.
McChesney. Mrs. D. T. Fowler, Mrs. Tor
ry. Miss Jennsen. Mrs. Sturtevant, Miss
de Laguna. Mrs. Wadsworth. Mrs. W. D.
Huntlngton. Mrs. John Bakewell, Mrs.
Bunnell and, Mrs. Rawllngs.
MANY TIPPLERS
AMONG WOMEN
OF HIGH DEGREE
Fashionable Patrons
of Drugstores.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10. — License Inspector
Henry Maloon declared before the Ordi
nance Committee of the City Council to
night that there were many tipplers
among the aristocratic ladies of Oakland.
He aaid that they secured their liquor*
from the drug stores, and that 1 some of
the latter establishments sold more liquor
than many of the saloons.
"I know what I am talking about when
I make the assertion." declared the In
spector. "I have made a thorough inves
tigation of the matter and am not giving
voice to any wild rumor. Every day you
can sec some (*t the wealthy women of
this town driving up to different c*rug
stores that make a specialty of selling
wine and whisky and getting bottles of
liquor."
"Do drug stores make a specialty of
selling liquors?" asked Councilman Taylor
in surprise.
"Do they!" exclaimed Inspector Maloon
in reply. "I should say they did. There
is one druggist on Seventh street who
sells as much liquor as any wholesale
liquor store in Oakland. Many of his cus
tomers are women, too."
"And there is a drug store in West Oak
land that is as bad as any saloon in
town," declared Councilman Stetson.
"The proprietor has a room In the rear,
where young fellows play . poker and
drink whisky until all hours of the
night."
As a result of these disclosures, a com
mittee composed of License Inspector Ma
loon. Councilman Glrard and City Attor
ney Dow was appointed to draft an ordi
nance which will be elTectual in stop
ping the traffic. It will be a stringent
one and will provide heavy penalties for
its violation. It was also decided to.im
pose a tine of $250 for breaches of the pro
posed new law prohibiting the sale of
liquors to boys under IS years of age.
CHILD SCALDED
TO DEATH UNDER
A MOTHER'S EYES
Fell Headlong Into a
Washtub.
A frightful accident which resulted in
the death yesterday of the three-year-old
daughter of Mrs. Margaret Glover, a
widow residing at 612 Nineteenth Etreet,
hajipened Monday morning.
T!.p mother was preparing for the week
ly crashing, and had placed a tub partly
tu\ct with boiling water in the yard.
The little girl was playing in "the yard,
Kad when the mother went to the kitchen
for more water the unfortunate child, in
trying to sail a boat in the tub, fell into
i.^e boiling water.
The frantic mother, hearing the little
one cry in agony, rushed into trie yard.
but too late to save her child.
Dr. De Witt was sent for. but could do
nothing to save the child and could only
a. 'minister soothing lotions. After llr.ger
big in terrible agony the littje one finally
passed away yesterday afternoon, leaving
the mother distracted by grief.
She had done everything possible to
tavc the child's life and spared no pains
rr expense in ranmonlng professional aid.
The ca?«- was reported to the Morgue,
but Dr. <"<,le waived an inquest.
Philip Bissinger Dead.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— Philip Bissinger,
president of the German Savings Bank,
died to-day, aged 72 years.
Hannan to Be Taken Back.
H. J. Hannan, accused of murdering his
gambling partner, John Craig, at Greens
burg, Pa., last May. will be taken back
this morning to 3tand trial. The charge
against him In Judge Mogan's coun cf
being a fugitive from justice was dis
missed yesterday on motion of the .->rose
cutlon, as the extradition papers had been
received from the Governor by the detec
tives from Plttsburg.
Praise From Hay and Wilson.
BERKELEY, Jan. 10.— President Wheel
er Is in receipt of letters from Secretaries
Hay and Wilson In recognition of the
step taken by the University of Califor
nia In founding a College of Commerce,
and predicting a growth of Pacific Coast
cities until they will rival those of the
Atlantic seaboard. Secretary Wilson
says he found no man In California as
enthusiastic- over the commercial outlook
of this coast as he himself became.
Wifebeater Sentenced.
Joseph Allison, a deckhand on the
steamer Australia, appeared In Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday on the charge of
battery upon his wife Matilda. Tuesday
at their residence. 325 Drumm street, he
beat her unmercifully and tried to throw
her from the porch on the second story.
The Judge sentenced him to six months
In the County Jail.
GRAPE-NUTS.
TOO MUCH HONEY
Palls on the Palate.
A man ate a heaping saucer of
Grape-Nut* every morning because
they "tasted so Rood."
In about ten days he began to turn
aralnpt the food, and rinally lost the
pleasure of his favorite dish alto-
gether.
The same thing happens to a child
who eats too much honey or candy or
any other good thing The system gets
m<-<re than it needs and nature revolts,
in order to prevent further overfeeding.
Grape-Nuts furnish a rondensed food.
and vhen eaten in moderation give one
a delicious dish every morning that Is
looked forward to with pleasant antici-
pation. When not more than thr*^
heapinc teasi>ooris are used at a meal
the Kyptem quickly absorbs all of the
nutriment, and *he person discovers
th;* fact by his improved feeling of
health and strength. Use Grape-Nuts
eteadily, but avoid excess.
COURT NOTES
. Bert Gray,, a young desperado, got an
other six months in the County Jail from
Judge Conlan yesterday for stealing a lot
of underwear from W. H. Stanton.
The case of Mrs. Julia McDonald. 23
Fifth street, accused of kidnaping by her
Blster-ln-law, Katie McDonald, was dis
missed by Judge Fritz yesterday, as there
was no evidence offered against her.
Bear at San Diego.
FAN "DinGO. Jan. 10.— The revenue cut
ter Rear arrived from San Francisco this
evening. Bhu will remain at this port all
IH6 winter.
Flood Records Baldwin Deed.
The deed whereby E. J. Baldwin con
reyed to James L. Flood the property at
thf rorner of Market and Powell streets
mv filr-d for record yesterday In the Re
corder's office. The consideration men
tioned is $100. but the instrument was
plaMered with one $1000. eight 550 and one
i 25 internal revenue stamps, a total of
IMsf>. in order to romply with the regula
tions of the Federal Government.
HOWISON ENTERS THE LISTS.
Publication of Important Philoso
phical Works by the Great
Berkeley Scholar.
BERKELEY, Jan. 10.— Word comes
from London that Professor George A.
Howlson. head of the department of phil
osophy In the University of California, has
begun the publication of a series of phil
osophical treatises as an exposition of his
system of thougnt.
Dr. Howtson has long marked as one
of the foremost American philosophers.
Professor James of Harvard says he is
the one man whom he covets for the Har
vard faculty. The distinguished Callfor
nlan has repeatedly been urged by emi
nent scholars to enter the public prints
and defend his views before the world of
scholarship, but he has heretofore con
fined his philosophical work to his class
room, though the author of works on
higher mathematics and English philol
ogy.
Dr. Howlson 1c now at Oxford Univer
sity, England, where he will remain until
the opening of the next college year.
Widow Foster Sole Devisee.
OAKLAND. Jan. 10.— John A. Foster,
who died on the 4th Inst. from injuries
sustained by being struck by a San Pablo
avenue electric trolley car on Broadway
on New Year's day, left property valued
at about $3000. By the terms of his will,
filed for probate to-day, the widow, Eliza
II Foster. Is named sole devisee and ex
ecutrix, and applies for letters on the
estate.
GEORGE BONNY'S WILL.
Decedent Bequeaths a Large Estate
to His Immediate Relatives.
The will .of the late George Bonny,
senior partner In the firm of Shreve &
Co., who died January 4 at Bordentown,
N. J., was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent is said to have left an estate
valued at about $250,000, which he disposes
of In the will drawn November 4, 1599.
Following are the bequests: To Elizabeth
G. Bonny-Carslake. a sister, residing In
New York, 1000 shares of the capital stock
of Shreve & Co.; to John Bruce Bonny, a
brother, residing In Brooklyn, N. V., $25,
000; to John Bruce Bonny, a nephew, who
resides in this city. $25 000: to Edwin L.
Bonny, a nephew. $25,000; to Mabel Abby
Bonny, wife of John Bruce Bonny Jr., $20,
000; to George Bonny Lewis, $20,000. The
residue of the estate is devised to Mrs.
Carslake and John Bruce Bonny Jr., who
is named as executor to serve without
bonds.
Eight-Hour Law Violation.
C K. Robert Jr. of Vallejo, represent
ing labor orgnnjj.atinr.s in that city, made
complaint yesterday to United Statjs At
torney Coombs ugainFt the Atlantic, Gulf
and Pacific Company for violating the
Federal statute which prohibits any con
tractor or sub-contractor from working
hi? employes more than fight hours per
Gar.
The defendants are engaged on behalf
of tfcf Government in dredging at Mare
Irland. Mr. Coombs drew up a complaint
!n arrordanr» with the statement of Mr.
Roberts, and a warrant was issued for the
arrest of the representative of the com
pany.
PESCADERO'S PET
CANNON STOLEN
Young Men From Hay
wards the Captors.
Pp«clal Dispatch to The Call
REDWOOD CITY. Jan. 10.— The citi
zens of Pescadero were greatly surprised
la ft Tuesday morning when they learned
that the brass cannon which has been one
i>( the chief ornaments of the city for the
jiast thirty years, had mysteriously dis
appeared during the night. Corn-tables of
nearby towns were notified and watched
ih<- reads carefully.
Constable Wagner of San Mateo, on re
ceiving notice of the theft, started out on
the road to Spanishtown. He had not
proceeded far before he found two young
men who had the captured gun carefully
'¦nr.oca!(-d in a wagon. They gave their
names as Fred Lummls and John Rose
and their residence as Haywards. They
faid they had seen the gun on the road
.".nd thinking it had no owner placed it in
i!r--ir wagon.
The young men are of respectable ap
pearance and had considerable money in
lhcir para ssicn. Th««y have retained a
lawyer to dt-fend th<»m and the citizens of
tho little town are rejoicing over the re
covery of their noisy toy.
Tho gun was purchased thirty years
aco for 5250, and its voice has been heard
at every cfW.ration in the little town
since that date.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Bills Introduced by California Mem
bers of the Lower House of
Congress.
Special Dispatch to Tiie CaJl.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— The Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations to-day
began consideration of various treaties
now before the Senate. The first to be
considered was that with France, and
Reciprocity Commissioner Kasson was
heard in advocacy. The sessions are to
be absolutely executive and it was said
to-night that Kasson said the American
merchant under the proposed treaty had
such great advantages that French mer
chants would without doubt try to block
ratification if the facts were made public.
Among the callers on President Mc-
Kinley to-day was Alfred S. Hartwell,
who represents the existing Government
in Hawaii. He presented to the Presi
dent a statement of the public land sys
tem of the islands from its Inception to
the present time. The statement was pre
pared by President Dole at the request
of the Government, owing to contention
as to land grants. Attorney General
Griggs recently decided that under the
Newlands resolution Hawaiian officials
had no authority to dispose of public
lands. This decision holds good until Con
gress again acts.
Hartwell said to-day that the present
land laws "were designed to keep the pub
lic lands out of the hands of speculators
and to encourage small settlers. The Cul
lom bill now before Congress aims at the
same purpose."
Chief Johnson, representing an Import
ant Indian tribe In Alaska, was Introduced
to the President by Senator Fairbanks to
day.
Judge Barham to-day Introduced a bill
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to present tq Frank J. Bagley of Guerne
ville, Cal., a life-saving medal for having
saved the lives of several persons from
drowning at that point; also a bill remov
ing the charge of desertion lrom the mili
tary record of Thomas McMullen of Napa.
Representative Kahn Introduced a bill
pensioning William 11. Lane of San Fran
cisco at $5 a month.
Representative Lacey introduced a bill
extending the land laws of the United
States to Alaska.
P. O. Needham was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Acampo. San Joaquln
County, vice M. V. Langford, removed;
also O. D. Pyke at Farmlngton, San Joa
quln County, vice B. F. Lond, removed.
W. L. Montgomery has been appointed
substitute letter-carrier In the Sacramento
postoffiee. Harvey O. Schofleld has been
appointed railway mail clerk at San Fran
cisco.
Pensions have been granted as follows*.
Oregon: Original widow, special Decem
ber 3.^— Susan Rebecca Curry, Clackamas,
$12. War with Spain, widow, etc. — Issa
dora E. Crowley, La Grando, $12.
Washington: Original— Charles B. WII
coxen, Ballard, $C.
WEDDING OF CAPTAIN
REBER AND MISS MILES
Ceremony Witnessed by Members of
the Diplomatic Corps at f "¦&
Washington.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.-Miss Cecelia
Sherman Miles, daughter of the gpneral
commanding the army, and Captain Sam
uel Reber, U. 8. A., were married at noon
to-day at St. John's Church, Rev. Alex
ander Mackay-Smlth, D. D.. officiating,
assisted by Rev. Dean Davis of St. Louis.
A breakfast, at which several hundred
guests were present, followed at the resi
dence of General and Mrs. Miles, after
which Captain and Mrs. Reber left for a
Southern trip. They will go later to Gov
ernors Island, where the farmer Is sta
tioned. General Miles and the other mili
tary men were in full uniform. Among
those present were ex-Secretary of Wai
Lamont and Mrs. Lamopt. Lord and Lady
Pauncefote. the Mexican, German and
Russian Embassadorn. the Ministers from
Tielgium and Switzerland, the Chinese
Minister and Mrs. Wu, Secretary of State
Hay, the members of the Supreme Court,
Assistant Secretary of War Melklejohn,
General Corbln. the wives of Cabinet offi
cer? and many others.
The ushers were Captain Montgomery
Maeomb of the artillery. Colonel Francis
Michler of General Miles' staff, Captain
Squires of the Signal Corps, Major T. D.
Mott, aid to General Merritt: Dr. Patter
son of Philadelphia. P. T. Sherman, «<m
of the late General Sherman, and John
B. Henderson Jr. of this city.
The bridesmaid*; were Miss Reber. sister
of the groom: Miss Sherman of Cleve
land. Miss Jessie Gary of Baltimore, Ml»3
Gilmore, Miss Deering. Miss Marlon Low
ery and Miss Rosina Hoyt. The maid of
honor was Miss Annie Hoyt. The church
was handsomely decorated and the wed
ding was a brilliant social affair.
Distillery Seized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAUSALITO, Jan. 10.— The Mason Malt
CARBREY'S VICTIM WILL LIVE.
— —
Han Who Shot the Ac'ress Charged
With Assaiut to Murder.
Thomas Carbrey. or Corby. as h<* snme
t!mfs calls; hiriself. who shot Fanny Hall,
th*> variety actress, in her room at the
Francisco Hotel on Turk street Tuesday
evening, was arraigned In Police Judge
Mopan's court ycFterday morning on a
charge of assault to commit murder. Ex-
Juds<» Graham appeared for the defend
ant, and the case was continued one week.
us it is not yet definitely known whether
th^ woman will die or recover.
Detective Ed Gibson, who with Police
man Joy arrested Carbrev, yesterday so
¦r-jred statements from the Hall woman
»nd Maud Raymond, the only eye wit
jif-ss to the affair, reciting the circum
stances of the shooting. The true name
of Carbrey's victim is said to be Fanny
Kcrr Hrengel. and she is related to ex
< Ymsrrossman Kerr of Chicago. She was
removed to McNutt's Hospital early yes
terday morning and is reported to be
resting comfortably. Xo attempt has yet
been made to extract the bullet that
lodged in her neck, but Dr. MeNutt said
last night that he believed she would re
cover. Carbrcy declines to discuss the
affair further than to attribute the shoot
ing to the fact that he was drunk.
When the woman was brought to the
Receiving Hospital Tuesday night the
doctors indulged in a disgraceful squab-
We over who should handle the case. Dr.
Roche, an interne for Dr. Heintz. was the
<>n!y physician present when the ambu
!ar.cc arrived and, not desiring to assume
the responsibility of handling the case
alone, sent for Dr. McGettigan. who was
••it dinner in a nearby restaurant. Dr. Me
<)rt!ir.;in waf to report for duty at the
hospital at (p. m.. but when he appeared
¦ f< w minutes before that hour he found
r»r. Stephens there. Stephens telephoned
for Dr. Heintz. and when the latter ar
rived h<? proceeded to make things warm
for both Roche and McGettigan. He nn
ally discharged Roche and later MeGet-
Tipan was s..»rvod with a notice from the
old Board of Health, suspending him in
definitely. As the old board is out the
suspension does not worry him.
ALBRIGHT MISREADS BIBLE.
Ministers Disagree With His Contention
That Man Should Not Punish Man.
If B. F. Albright of Alameda had his way all courts upon this
earth would be abolished and no human being would be permitted to sit
in judgment upon his fellow-man. Judge Ogden, to whom Albright
made these statements on Tuesday, expressed his disapproval of the
views of the man from Alameda, and a canvass of the ministers shows
no supporters of his views, even in that section.
THE JUDGE ON ALBRIGHT.
ALBRIGHT ON THE JUDGE.
"The carrying out of Mr. Albright's
Ideas would simply mean anarchy on this
earth. His case is the strangest that ever
came before me. I have had many jurors
seek to be excused because of religious
views and many have offered strange rea
sons, but none have equaled those of Mr.
Albright. If Albright's Idea that God
should attend to the punishment of all
law-breakers prevailed It would mean that
murder or arson would go unpunished until
the offender meets his God. I can only
come to the conclusion that Albright has
misunderstood the Scriptures In his read-
Ing and study.
"The claim that Albright's spiritual
growth has been no great that he cannot
sit In Judgment upon his fellow-man does
not Indicate a ypiritual growth. Religious
men generally make good jurors, but they
must not entertain the Idea that crime
cannot be put down by Judgment."
"I believe that no man, woman or child
should be punished by human hands for
wrong-doing or for what we call crime.
Gcd alone can Judge the doing cf thoa?
to whom He has given life. Punishment
Is barbarous and should be abolished. I
have arrived at these conclusions after
studying the Bible for two years with
the Home of Truth Society, and I merely
expressed my opinions to Judge Osjden.
"I served on a jury before Judge Ogrlen
two years ago. and at that time was
willing to sit In judgment upon my fel
low-man, but since that time I have soen
the error nf my way*. I will no longer
be one who will pass my Judgment as
against that of the Creator, and I cannot
ai*l will not assume functions that belonx
only tr» Him. Under those circumstances
I could not nit c« a Jury and I told Judge
Ogden plainly my beliefs."
. The ministers of Oakland do not agree with Mr. Albright In his unique
' stand, and the Bible scholars of Oakland do not see the force of his con
, elusions. These are a few opinions:
REV. ROBERT F. COYLE, First Presbyterian Church— Outside of the
> passage in the Bible, "Judge not lest ye be judged," there i 3 nothing that
could be construed as supporting the views expressed by Mr. Albright. If
1 that is the passage upon which he bases his views he has sadly misln
p terpreted its meaning. That passage Is simply directed against the hasty
judgment of one person by another. The Bible supports law and order,
i I do not criticize Mr. Albright, but merely say that he is mistaken in
his views.
1 REV. J. K. McLEAN, president of the Pacific Theological Seminary— l
would not say with Judge Ogden that the juror's creed was the creed of
' anarchy, but .1 would certainly say that it tended in that direction. We
, would have no law and order without our courts, and I know of nothing
better for the protection of the people than our jury system. It is the
• duty of every citizen to sit as a juror when so summoned.
FATHER McSWEENEY. St. Francis de Sales Church— Pope, the writer.
1 has said, "A little learning is a davs-rous thing," and this is particularly ro
, when one begins the interpretation of the Scriptures. I agree with what Judge
Ogden has said, for without our courts there would be neither law nor order.
, ,In many parts of the Scriptures there are frequent mention of Judges. Ono
passage says: "And charging the judges he said. Take heed what you do.
1 for you exercise not the judgment of man, but of God. and whatsoever ycu
Judge it shall redound unto you.' "
1 : REV. E. R. DILLE, First Methoiist Church— l do not consider the matter
seriously, for the man who made the statements must have been suffering
1 from a mental twist. I will only say that the Bible abounds In recognition
i ol! human judgment.
REV. FATHER KING, the Church of the Immaculate Conception— A
1 great deal of foolishness is apt to arise from mistaken study of the Bible.
There is no merit in fanaticism, an 1 this poor man Is evidently very much
muddled in his theology.
, REV. ROBERT RITCHIE, rector of St. Paul's Church— lt Is a man's pre
rogative to Judge his fellows on this earth when they are accused. There
. is no other way In which justice can be maintained. «. ',. „
REV C H HOBART. First B.'-.ptist Church— The stand taken by Mr. Al
i bright is merely a misconception of the Scriptures.
ROSENBERG IS ACQUITTED
IN SHORT ORDER
Trial Over the Crap Game Farcical
in the Extreme.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Jan. 10.
The trial of Joe Rosenberg, the saloon
keeper and cigar dealer, charged with
permitting a gambling game to be run in
his place on Broadway, enried in a verit
able farce and acquittal to-night. Cap
tain Petersen and Officer Pardee. who,
with Sergeant McKinley. raided the place,
testified that Rosenberg was present in
his place when the game of "craps" was
in progress there. When they called on
Rosenberg to open the place he came to
the front door and then called back to
those inside, "Close up. • there." Rosen
berg made a pretense of trying to unlock
the front door, but claimed he had the
wrong key and went to the rear again.
He finally opened the door and the ar
rests were made.
Rosenberg testified in his own behalf.
He did not deny that a game had been
going on in his place, but claimed he had
no knowledge of it. He testified that the
back rooms were run by Sig. Richard
son. Numerous witnesses testified as to
defendant's fair character and reputa
tion. Of these latter Prosecutor Abe
Leach in his argument declared several
needed vouchers for their own charac
ters. He vividly pictured the pitfall at
Rosenberg's place, and implored the Ju
rors to uphold law and order by bringing
a verdict of guilty against the defend
ant.
In his Instructions to the jury Police
Judge Smith enunciated with some gusto
the fact that "craps" is not enumerated
In the statutes as a. banking game and
that the jury, in order to convict, must
find that a banking game was In opera-
The Jury was out Just fifteen minutes
and brought in a verdict of "not guilty."
The lury" consisted of W. A. Young. F.
W Moore. C. F. Murdoek. -Tames King.
S.K. Irish. J. D. Riker. G. Duddy. Mike
Hallihan and T. Wyckoff.
But long before the verdict was reached
the defendant left the courtroom and en
tertained friends in a neighboring saloon,
asking some of them to clap their hands
when the verdict should be announced.
In the City Council to-night Stetson in
troduced a resolution to revoke Rosen
berg's liquor license, but action was held
in abeyance until the next meeting.
RICH SQUATTERS
IN POSSESSION
OF CITY'S LAND
Appropriate Shores of
Lake Merritt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
903 Broadway, Jan. 10.
The declaration was made in a Council
committee to-night that the city had been
systematically robbed of thousands of dol
lars' worth of public property by aristo
cratic land-grabbers along the shores of
Lake Merritt. A resolution vaa favora
bly acted upon, directing the City En
gineer to determine the boundary line of
the land along the water front belonging
to Oakland, and a's soon as this is dor.-,
legal measures will be taken to oust tl: j
squatters.
"On a rough estimate 1 will venture to
say that there has been over J7S.UU) worth
of realty belonging to the city gobbled up
along the shores of Lake Merritt," saltl
Councilman Taylor. "Two long arms oC
the lake were filled in several years ag<.»
and as soon as the work was completed,
private individuals stepped into posses
sion and claimed it. They had not the
least shadow of a title, yet their asser
tions and acts of ownership have never
been disputed. Other property owner j
along the shores of the lake have also en
croached upon city property that was or
iginally dedicated for park purposes, and
unless the city takes prompt and vigor
ous action all of this valuable ground will
be lost.
"I have been examining the survey nf
the property belonging to Oakland in that
vicinity and I find that in some instance*
magnificent houses have been erected oa
some parts of It. and the occupants, who
are prominent citizens, claim that they
own the land. This is practically a theft
of the city's property, and I intend to see
that every squatter Is ousted.
'Until the city line is definitely set
forth by the establishment of monuments
I do not care to mention the names of
any of these men who have grabbed the
public lands, but It will only be a short
time before the matter is definitely and
conclusively shown."
NEWS of the Bay Cities Alameda OAKLAND Berkeley
OAKLAND'S KID PIRATE
BEWAILS HIS SAD FATE
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1000.
FAT HER YORKE
COMPARED TO AN
IRISH PATRIOT
Likened to O'Connell
by Father Casey.
Rev. Father r. S. Casey of St. Peter's
Church was tendered a reception last
evening, the memory of which will long
remind him of the tender verse on the
vase and the roses. Worn out by years of
unremitting toil in the Interest of Him
whom he serves, the priest found it neces
sary to take a year's vacation, and on the
eve of his departure, which will take
place next Tuesday evening, his parish
loners gave him a reception and testimo
nial in St. Peter's Hall, corner of Twenty
fourth and Alabama streets.
The programme consisted of an over
ture by the Misses Clara Isabel and Edith
'formey, a song by Master Bert Flynn of
St. Peter's Hoys' School, an address by
Master Michael Harron of the same in
stitution, a grand chorus by the Young
Indies' Sodauty, Irish airs by the orches
tra of St. Peter's Academy: "Till We
Meet Again." by St. Peter's Choral, and
an address by P. J. Tormey.
In his address Mr. Toriney dwelt at
length on the good work done by thfi
priest In his pastorate of more than twen
ty years and especially on his educational
work amxng the ynimg. He ailuikvi to the
beautiful church whk-n had rewarded the
priest for his endeavors and expressed re
gret for the illness which made his ab
sence a necessity, remarking in conclusion
that it was the earnest desire of all that
the priest should enjoy himself on his va
cation and return refreshed both in mind
and body.
In reply Father Casey stated that, like
the man who remarked to O'Connell, the
great Irish patriot, after the lawyer hail
saved him from being convicted of sheep
stealing: "I never knew I was so honest
before until I heard you talk," he never
knew that he had done so many good
things before until he heard Mr. Tormey
talk. He expressed his gratitude to his
parishioners tor the evidence of their good
will and said that without their hearty
co-operation what he had accomplished
would have been an impossibility.
"Father Yorke will fill the pulpit of St.
Peter's while I am away," he added, "and
I regard him as bearing the same rela
tion to the people of this city as O'Con
nell did to the Irish people. No doubt
your spiritual needs will be well attended
to while I am absent and as for myself
1 shall pray for my people at every shrine
I shall visit. I shall spend my vacation
principally in Treland. the land of my
birth, and shall visit the holy land, with
a probability of going to Rome."
Father Casey was tendered a check for
a handsome sum in the way of a testi
monial and when the reception was past
his parishioners all waited to shake him
by the hand.
The following priests were present on
the occasion: Rev. Fathers P. R. Lyncn,
P. Griffin and D McKinnon of St. Janios,
M. D. Connolly of St. Paul's. James Mc-
Donald of St. Charles. James Grant and
William Lyons of St. Peter's, T. Phillips
of San Rafael, and J. Cassin of Santa
Rosa; Rev. Dr. Morrison of St. Man's,
Oakland, and Rev. Fathers P. C. Yorke
and T. I,arkin.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of P. J. Tormey. chairman; D.
J. Keefe. treasurer; Kugene Sullivan, sec
retary; Thomas Slevin. Richard Curtis,
Peter Curtis and John Kenny.
Kfl IMPERIAL
H §3] * ljjj The latest and best
g J^fl^JM ture's most nourish-
Bi\\|?jfffirv^ Highly concentratsJ,
833p53* fc ~" with ALL the merits
fft§B& of the Dutch and other
Ef-Pffa European Cocms, aJdeJ
Illjl to greater FRESHNESS
H p^s and flavor unimpaired.
H TOS Vi-Ib packages {10 cups),
JH il^ ** ctS- At zrocer*.
fl El^ Made by the manfrs. of
SfC^^t C.hlrardelM'a Breakfast Coco*.
9SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
ETTFTNESS omen of the Ran Francisco
Cell, coiner of Market and Third streets, open
until 52 o'clock every r.lght In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— I 27 Montgomery street.
rrrrer Clsy; cprn until 9:30 p. in.
f.M Hares street; open until 9:80 p. tn.
CM McAllister etreet; cpen until 9:JO p. m.
tIZ Larkln rtreet: open until »:!0 p. m.
JMI M;«lon street; cpen until 10 p. m.
nci Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
entll ? p. m.
I^6 Eltver.th rtreet; cpen until » p. m.
I'?S Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
:r^3 rclU street; cpen uctll J p. m.
Northwest corner of Twe-ty-eecond and Ken-
tucky Ftrects; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALXFOIUCIA I-odpe No. 1. F. and A. ¦
M., will meet THIS miURSDAO_J\_
KVEXINO, January 11, at 7:8« o'clock. TS2T
Second tlerr**. By order of the master./ *
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Charter No. 79, h. A. M.— jt
.^peoial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) A^
EY -.:;.'; J:3u o'clock. Mission M«- )C>K
tonic Temile -"¦'CS Mission st. Instal- ' v l
:«tion of officers. liy cnier of the H. P.
JXU. ft. HILLMAN, Secretary.
£<iUTH SAN rRAXOISCO Lodge No. «
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS^V,
• miTRSPAY) EVENING at --OTS3f
o'clock. Ey crier of the master. *
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DOMIC Ixxip-e No. Cl«. F. and A. M.— «
t;.ec!al meeting THIS (THURPDAT) m g\ m
¦ : ING B.t 7:39 o'clock. Second d»- }ZJ\
Kre«- SoJoarotaS brethren are Invited. / »
liy order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDFMJTH. Secretary.
YERBA BUBNA Ixxi^e No. 15. I.
O. O. F. — Initiation THIS
iTHUKSDAYj EVENINO.
J. 1). Si^HLOEN. N. O.
3. OHL.SON, Rec. S*c.
ABOU BEN~~ADHKM Lodge No. ssgWgz,
112. I. O. O. F.-Insta!latlon THIS #S*~s£i
«THUIIsr<AY) EVENING. Janu-
ary 1L !**• Visitors cordially *vrt»v»-
invited. WM. JOHN PLrNKETT. N. G.
UNITY Lodi-e No. 121. I. O. O~F.— vyy^,.
Members will uwt THIS I'AYwjQai
• THURSDAY), at v.ZZ o'clock, at r%Z43J^*
the Goluen Gate un<iertak'.nc par-
ion?, 2420 Mission st., '.o cuend the funeral
of our late brrth«>r. STEPHEN FOWLED.
GEORGE P. PRECHTHL. N. G.
6. F. THOM FSOX. Rec. Sec.
THE San Fran.lsco Scottish Thistle » VT >.
meets THIS -TFirnsi >A V) Jt, f\ CTI
EVENING. Fraternity Hail. 2J >&X£*
O'Karr*-!! St., at S o'clock. Installa- '^JD*
tion of officers and election of games com-
mittee. A full attendance requested.
JOHN ROBS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ANNUAL meeting— Tlie regular annual meeting
of the stockholder* c-t the OCEANIC STEAM-
SHIP COMPANY will be held at the offlce of
the company. 227 Market et., San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 22d day of January.
IS'X', at t!ie hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for tlie
Fur-pose cf electing a board of directors to
Ferve for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of euch other business es may come be-
fore the me«.in». Transfer books will close
on FRIDAY. January 12. I»iW. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
FTOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Trie annual meet-
inc of the stockholder* of the UNION IRON
WORKS wtil »>e held at the office of the ccm-
paoy. TCI' Market St.. fan Francisco, en TUKS-
DAT, January 23. HM, at 11:30 o'clock a. m..
f< r ihr purpose cf fleeting a board of directors
:r> serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction cf Fuch ether business as may
come before the meeting.
J. 08. GUNN. Secretary.
Office. 222 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
January 9 , '-<*•
ANNUAL meeting— The REGULAR ANNUAL
MEETING of the stockholder* of the Pajaro
Valky Consolidated Rellroad Co. will *>c held
at the office of the Company. ST7 Market *t..
Ban Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 15th
«!ay of January. 1900, at the hour of 11:15
«.' clock a. m.. for the purpose of electinr a
board cf <J!rectcr* to serve for the enfuirs
year «n4 the transaction of *uch other bust- I
re** a.t may ccme before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on FRIDAY. January 12.
1200. at S o'clock p. m.
W. H HANNAM. Sec-etary.
ASTnOLOGV.
PK^fTa . MASERY of Erypt. greatest a.«trolo-
c'.rt and i>a!rr;l« In the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. <J7 Gulden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
APVICE free; It. W. KING, room IJ, first floor,
f Chronicle bu'.lding: no advance charge*; ail 1
oases; estates, mortgage*, damages, collec-
t'"n*: bankruptcy; will*, etc., drawn; moder-
ate fep*; call or write.
AI3VJCE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
tio fee without euccefis; collections. O. W.
HOWE ntty at law. s:,O Market, ccr. Stocktn. ;
ADVICE f :«••¦: no charpe unless successful. W. I
TV. PAYIDFON. S:7 Market St.. opp. Mason. (
F H. MErtZHACH. attorney at law. has re-
c-jrred practice at SCS Cal. et.. Clunle bide.
L. P. CLAIIK. Emma Spreckels bl<Jg.. 527 Mar-
Vet *t.: crneultatlon free; no fe<=* In advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EBDT. 13— Ur.'.ted Ftatea Hotel; rooms Jl SO
wtfk up. wl'h board $5 60: euite for two with
board, til: board. St we«k; meals. 24c; ele-
vator runs all r.lght.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture; first-class In every respect;
table iiiisininiTii : hot and <"r,lrt water: ele-
vator: BUlt"?. with board for 2. SJO month up.
M:w fam;:j- hotel: ftrst-cUf* in all appolnt-
rrmtf: excellent table. $C 7 California «t.. oc-
ctT'yir.F ccraer oppo*:t» Grace Church.
SCXCELY furnished room with board: home
tcccklr.e: private family: gentleman preferred.
A2<Jre*s box 7<J. Call office.
"nELGRAvFA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny suitrs; best board; for 2, $50 up; single. $20.
lIAIGHT. 222— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reaF^r.able.
LAS PALM AP. JS2O Market Ft.— Suite of 2 or J
rmf.: private; hath; sin. rms; board optional.
OTARnELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
(rood h^me cooking: special rate* to gent*.
nOAUU AND ROOMS WANTED.
LADY want* junny furnished room: grate;
bath; board; private; reasonable. Box 42CS,
«'a!>.
GENTLEMAN would like furnished room and
hoard in private family; no other roomers
rr--.fr:- 1 A.'.'.r-s^ I'^rrr.aner.t. »«-,x 42.7), Call.
ELDERLY per.tleman wishes to K*t board and
lodprir.K with home comforts.. Box 4225. Call.
UOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A LADY would like one cr two children to
bosrd; JlO. 22 Randall Ft.
TO l>oard— An Infant or pmall child; 110 per
month. 210 Lexington «ye.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL BOOKS boucht and exchengei'
Hcines Hock Co.. 7^4 Mission »t.. near Third.
BOOT AND SHOE -BARGAINS^
BOYS' Ftrons shi-.es, 75c: boys' fine shoes, $1; in-
fants' shoes. 35c: children's shoes, 50c up; la-
dles' fhoeE, tl; men* boots, special, SI 75. Peo-
rle'f yhoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Broad wa y .
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— tiSOO— CORNER grocery and barT Western
Add.; first-class offer; stock will invoice J2O00;
must be Fold in 2 days; owner compelled to
leave for tfce East. Call R. G. WILKE. *06
M a rket^"^
A— SSCO— BAKERY near McAllister St.; estab-
lished year*: ell ftcre trwue; large nock;
rent (2£; 4 years* leare; l'j barrels per day.
Call U. G. V.JLKE, <H.t Market st.
$210— FIRST-OLA^.* florHt's Ftore; doing a good
busin*£s; splendtd location; owner going to
Europe; rent 120; 3 living rooms, furnUhed.
Call 11. G. WILKE. 596 Market et.
A— JCOO; CIGAR and candy store; rent tit; very
best location north of Market et.; a first-class
paying business; large stock. Call R. G.
WILKE, «« Market et.
A— 1:00: KTtUIT and grocery, with horse and
r.-ugon; dally receipts J2Q; rent $39; full value
in sifffct; a tplendid chance. Call R. G.
WILKE, SO6 MiTket «t.
A~:~(X>: GROCERY In Oakland, with horse and
tamswt! rent J10: a good-paying business; all
Ircth stock. Call it. G. WILKE. fOfl Market.
A— *4rx>; DELICACY store and branch bakery.
on Larkin st. : rent JU: eood-payln« businem;
fine vlace for I ladles or man tnd wile. Call
R. G. WILKE. !>0« Market et.
COItNEIt grocery; a snap; cause, party has
paralysis. COWING & CO.. 90* Market gt.
CIGAR ston? nn Market st.; sickness cauee of
¦ale. COWING £: CO.. 1130 Market Et.
GROCERY and bar; corner; fine place; must be
»o!d. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market Bt.
CANDY store, with rooms: rheap rent; must
peJI. COWING & CO., IJ3O Market Et.
ROOMING bouse; north of Market et. : big bar-
Cain; rioknes*. COWING & CO.. 1139 Market.
BRANCH bakery, with rooms; bargain: sick-
Bess cau*e. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market *t.
SALOON on Market st.: Be- it to-<!ay. COW-
ING & CO.. 11-0 Market gt.
tSrtO— PART rash; partner wanted: flne corner
saloon; private entrance and rooms; will clear
$7.*> per ma ea«~h; gocxi man wanted In prefer-
ence to hired help. Apply PACIFIC EX-
CHANGE. IC:J Market st.
IICSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
AT a bargain— l 2 head cattle. 1 honse, 14 goats,
pigeons, chickens and hoge; house, furniture,
outhouses: ideal flshinsr and hunting. GALE
& BENSON. 320 Parrott building.
$250— A SPECIAL barsaln; grocery and bar on
a corner; cheap rent: cood business: Enap.
GALE & BENSON. 829 Parrott building.
GREAT bargain; country town hotel. 28 rooms
and bar; r.l boarders; cheap rent: lease. GALE
& BENSON. 320 Parrott building.
$100 PER month to party with $200; money se-
cured. GALE & BENSON. S2O Parrott bldg.
A— S3OO— PARTNER wanted: restaurant; good,
honest man to attend each counter and look
after help; part payment taken out of the
busineFS. STENBERG CO., 2CVJ Kearny St.
A— Sr»O— PARTNER wanted: profitable business.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market et.
17C0— SALOON with clubrooms close to the
Baldwin: fine location; good business: cheap
rent: map. JONES & CO.. 865 Market st.
CAPE NOME— Business man with $10,000 or two
mm with $5000 each to Join advertiser, who
will put up like amount, to engage In mercantile
business In Cape Nome; the advertiser has
l>een in Alaska ar.d has .food business connec-
tions in San Francisco. Q. A., box 4252. Call.
DAIRY for sale— l 3 cows, 2 horses. 1 milk
wapon nnd route. T. S. NAGLE. I*ol Mont-
gomery St.. San Jose.
TENANT wanted Immediately for branch bak-
ery: fixtures complete. 2116 Twenty-third St..
r.rnr Folscm.
$150— PARTNER wanted In good saloon: Scan-
dinavian or German preferred; will take part
cash. Call 130 Fourth St. . ¦
$1200— FRUIT ptand: 27 years established;
pales J4O to JM a day; parties going to Eu-
ropr. Apply 742 Mission St. '
BARBER shop, centrally located., cheap: good
chance. Inquire 106 Ellis St.. DECKELMAN.
WANTED— To lease paper route. Box 4278,
Call office. '
$15f«— 19 ROOMS newly furnished: rent J75; $600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
WANTED— A man with $12C0 to $1500 to buy
half-Interest In loan offlce and Jewelry store;
is fine paying business; must be watchmaker
and Jeweler; must have first-class references;
can Investigate; reason, wants to enlarge
business; has too much for one man to han-
dle now. Address HAMMOND, 37 East Main
ft.. Stockton.
WANTED- Partner In a business established 24
year* in Oakland; pays from $400 to $500 per
month; $7500 capital required, which will be
fully secured by good real estate; no chance
of Iofs; mu*t be a business man, competent
to keep books and collect bills. Call or ad-
dre*s Call branch office, Oakland.
FOR sale cheap — Restaurant doing good busi-
ness; must be sold before 13th: rent $25. Ap-
ply II Jackson st., bet. 11 and 1 o'clock; no
agents.
I BUTCHER market; strictly cash business; over
$200 a week; a bargain; good reason for sell-
ing. Apply by letter only, M. O. A. C, JOS.
j O'KEEFE. Western Meat Co.
FOR sale— Branch bakery, stationery, notion
and delicacy store, opposite a large school;
no opposition: has to be sold on account of
Flckness; party is the owner; 4 rooms, bath,
modern improvements. Box 2511. Call cfllce.
FINE grocery and bar; Western Addition:
good chanoe; must cell this week on account
of other business; no agents. Address box
4?76. Call.
! $350 — CORNER grocery and bar: 1 living rooms;
! worth $500; owner has other business; must
I sell at once. Apply 1552 Folsom St., corner
j Twelfth.
j HOR.SERACING: a sure thing; big odds: win
I rure; inside information; $1 on all races;
don't mi.«* th'.s. P. O. box 88, Clayton. N. J.
DELICACY, bakery, candy, milk; must be sold
this we*>k on account of sickness; 3 living
rooms: rent $10. 410 Brannan st.. near Third.
j BRANCH bakery and notion store In Western
I Addition for sale cheap. Address B. F.. box
I 4574. Call offfce.
! CHOICE business for sale at a bargain; a
beautiful assortment of opals and Mexican
I antique curios. Address box 4519. Call offlce.
PARTNER wanted In meat market: trial giv-
en to party with reference. 124 Fourth st.
GOOD-PAVIXG grocery In Western Addition:
owner Kolns to Alaska. Box 4253. Call.
PLUMBING *hoj\ rtoek and shop tools In good
location. Bo* 4292. Call office.
BRANCH bakfry and candy store, cheap; call
to-day. CS Third Bt.
2-PHAIR barber Fhop: cheap. 1119 A Folsom
street.
NEWSPAPER route for salt; profit $24 per
week. Address L. C. box 4272. Call.
CHEAP for cash; barber *hop. 3 chairs; very
good trade. Inquire at 1340 Mission et.
ETEAM laundry plant: doing good business.
G. W. LOVIE. Redwood City. Cal.
I COFFEE and tea route* supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELT* & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento St.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tlFements and subscriptions t<as been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* Va-
lencia Ft.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscripHno * has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-Second and Ken-
tucky *ts. : open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon: fine top buggy,
almoft new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. FUitable dry goods stores. E2S Harrison.
NEWand 2d-hand wagons.b'jgKles.carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses, l'th and Valencia.
ALL kinds cf wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS seennd-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bujrirle*. surreys and horses. IUO Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULIJING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama *t.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; t«-l. Mission 74.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per rard; laid at 3c
PTRATTON'K. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie ?44.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye; telephone East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
the reveals every bidden mystery; she will
chow you liow to overcome your enemies: re-
move family troubles; reuiore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while in a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; *end Btamp for circular
with fpeclal terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
205 Turk st.. nr. Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
A-PROFESPOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wender and admiration of the
moFt Fkenttcal: gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; If in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed in from 3 to 6
menths; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours. 9 to S; Sunday, 10 to 2.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fcrtune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. S Hayes st.. room 7. *econd floor.
MKS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market Ft., trance,
test medium: life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all dlreases; sittings $1.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic; sat-
isfaction guaranteeed; readings 50c and $1.
230 A Turk st.
MRS. MAXWELL— Spiritual meeting every
Tuesday, Thursday, S p. m. ; readings dally.
1228 Howard st.; admission 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. CO3 McAllister st. ; 10c; come, skeptics.
MME MOKEAI', the best medium and
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader;
past, present, futuro, 25c. US Sixth st., r. 32.
PROFESSOR ZERA tells past, present and fu.
ture. 163 Third St., near Folsom.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader: reading*. 25c.
j EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writ»r.
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. S2l',i Mission. op.Mlnt.
MRfC~W INCHESTER, KlO Clay— Circle to^
night. (; Tuesday, 2 p. m.; consultation dally.
YOUR future Jcid by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
»t.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. S-'HAFFKR. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tines daily. 2124 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 85c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MMi:. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; n«a»« given; 3c up. 5 Fourth «t.r,..
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
han<T* picture. ;se: liMl>». 9U O'FarreM «t.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE w7 KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
lces successful. Room 310, 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN 4-room cottage; sunny; yard and
cellar; rent $16. ISBS O'Farrell st.
COZY Ea-stlake cottage (Mission), reduced to
$10; 1 month free. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
$6— BAY window cottage. 5 rooms; water free.
Off Crescent aye.; Inquire 64 Silver Bt.. off 3d.
{10— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins st., near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGIN3' dental parlors. 927
Market st.\ over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fllllnes
from $1 up; other fillings from EOc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled cr
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 £0 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry —
Eyno), on application to the gums, removes
the pain; ccc our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 23
year*: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; .fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth gt.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractlona done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
SS 60 up: plates, extractions free, $4 £0 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. OEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts «nd fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. "^
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 250.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry. $1 per week; refer to 6000
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 «th.
6ET of teeth without ptate. DR. H. G.
TOUNG. M4l Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
tore: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSMAKER directly from the F.aet would
like a few places to go out by the day; terms
reasonable. Call or address MRS. HATCH.
4SB Geary st.
SUITS. 13; skirts. 76c; made on short notice.
273 Minna St.. near Fourth.
S F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SB7 Geary Bt.: dreaees
made, fa up; drosses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: leading sys-
tem: easy payments: evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore.—
Advice and medicine 75e; city visits $1 00; all
animals treated; <lokr boarded. Tel. West 636.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS Business College. 24 Poßt Bt., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
MARSH system shorthand: lessons 1 hour each
day or evening. $2 DO a week; with application
any student can bo through Marsh manual In
six wefks. 300 Van »*a aye.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, arch!. ; day and even.;
est. ISC4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50, Includes all branches.
MANUSCRIPTS examined and revised by an
experienced critic and author; poetry a spe-
cialty. H., box 12, Call office.
A— Singing, piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-8.
CLASSES In German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month; appointments by mail. 004 Taylor bt.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montsry.
BOOKKEEPING. arUhmctlc.gra-.nmar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission,nr.6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College, 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or Etage, quickly taught;
prtv. or clans. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JA PANESE-Cin7?E^E~^m^rAgencyT all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant £6.
ORPHCUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 132 L
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post st. ; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce—
hfft help. 414H O'Farrell gt. ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN second girl, very nice, 4 years' ref-
?¦nc-es from Los Angeles: also a superior Scan-
dinavian cook for some flrst-class family, wish
situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Suiter «t.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires situa-
tion: best of references. MISS CULLEN. 523
gutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman: first-class cook; un-
derstands her business; thorough good man-
ager and housekeeper; small wages where
there are kind and considerate people. Apply
770 Harrison st.
YOUNG woman with a child 1 year old wishes
situation in widower's family; no objection
to children; speaks English and German.
Call at 2030 Mission st.
WANTED— A competent lady, flrst-class second
girl and seamstress; city reference; no ob-
Jt-ction to country. Address No. 4279,« 111
Guerrero Et.
RELIABLE woman; a good cook; assist with
housework or work by the day; good refer-
ence; wages $20. Call 16 Willow aye., off
Larkin et.
RESPECTABLE youngr American girl desires
a situation; downstairs work and plain cook-
ing or upstairs work; fond of children; wages
$20. 1517 Turk Et.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do up-
stairs work In private family. 230 Montgomery
aye.; French girl.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with light work; refer-
ences. 618 O'Farrell Et.
WANTED— Housework In a small family by a
woman from the East: is a good cook. 760
Folsom st.
COMPETENT woman wants housework with
1 child; short distance in country preferred.
Address 216 M. Sixth Et.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman as working
housekeeper In widower's family: city or
country. Address F. E. LEVISON. Petaluma.
WANTED — A position as nurse or housekeeper:
can furnish best of references. Address 82SV4
Harrison st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
ccoklng and downstairs work; no objection
to country- 1000 Washington St., cor. Powell.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day: washing
or houee cleaning. Call at 30S Fulton st.
GERMAN zirl wants place as second girl.
Box 4222, Call.
WANTED— Offices to clean by neat, reliable
woman. Box 4259. Call offlce.
YOUNG woman wants place as cook or general
housework. Call 773 O'Farrell st.. nr. Laxkln.
ELDERLY <»«rman woman, experienced and
reliable cook, strong and active, wishes posi-
tion in good family or institution: prefer Ger-
man-speaking houM In city or country. 663
Seventh st., Oakland.
NICE German «rlrl wtsheg situation to do up-
stairs work and waiting at table; good refer-
ences. Call or address 1804 Howard et., near
Fourteenth.
WANTED— By a respectable girl, light house-
work in nice family of 2 or 3; must be In good
locality; wages immaterial; good' home de-
Eired. Address box 4268, Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German woman
Just arrived from East, wishes to assist lri
small family. Call between 10 a. m. and 4
p. m. at 3]» Third Bt.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles in confinement. MRS
WOLTER. 132 Sixth gt.
POSITION wanted by woman physician as doc-
tor's assist; or to care for Invalid at home or
travel; 6 years' hospital experience East. Ad-
drass F. 8.. Llvermore. Cal.
YOUNG lady speaking French and English
wishes to care for 1 or 2 children In private
family. Apply MISS N.. 1395 Broadway,
Oakland.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
SWISS clrl desires a position for second work
¦ and plain sewing; wages $20. Address • 941
Jones street.
COMPETENT wotnan wishes work by the day.
Call or address 719»j Howard st.
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engagements by ladies In confinement. MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth at. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 CO night: $150 to $1
week; convenient and respectable; tree 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ets.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia tt. ¦ ¦-.:¦ .- . .
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
RELIABLE 60ber man wants situation as
coachman and gardener, janitor or any placo
of trurt; flrßt-class references. Address J. J.,
f.41 Bush Et.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes position
where honesty, sobriety and Industry will be
appreciated; cleanly, active and has good ref-
erences. Box 4234, Call offlce.
WANTED— By man and wife, positions; well
educated; speak German and English: coun-
try or seaside preferred. Box 4251, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, age 22, German speaking, would
like work as apprentice in bakery; city or
country. Box 2600, Call offlce.
MILKER desires place near city. Box 4261,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man desires work as porter or In fac-
tory. Address box 4242, Call offlce.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined; references unexceptionable. Address box
4263. Call oflice.
FRENCH Swiss from the agricultural school
desires a position In the country In a vine-
yard, orchard or ranch; best of references.
Addrers ISO 9 Stockton st., city."
FIRST-CLASS plumber and gasfltter would like
a position in a hotel, factory or wholesale
house, doing anything. Box 48S1, Call office.
WANTED— Position in saloon as porter or as-
sistant bartender- sober and steady; refer-
ences. Box 4576. Call offlce.
WANTED— By man and wife, a Bteady position;
country preferred; best of references. Box
4SSO, Call offlce.
A RESPECTABLE young German desires any
kind of work In the country. Address box
4269, Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER, salesman or porter; reliable,
active and strong; references. 120 Douglass st.
A SOBER single man, with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good pruner
and steady worker, who knows every disease
of trees and the remedy for It, and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible position at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and part on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and give particulars,
box 7421. Call offlce. _^
WANTED— By a young man from Illinois, 24
years "of ase; rapid and accurate in figures;
has a fair knowledge of bookkeeping; Is a
flrst-class horseman; a position with a busi-
ness firm of this city; wages no object where
chance of jcomotion; California or Eastern
references. Address box 4274, Call offlce.
A STEADY and reliable man, wlllinz to do
most any kind of work, desires a situation; Is
a good cook and understands horses; has best
of references; private place preferred. Ad-
dress 13C5 Sacramento st.
AN educated man of 30, speaking English and
French, would like a position as attendant,
secretary or reader to gentleman, traveling
or stationary. Box 1002, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED salesman wants agency to
sell In Humboldt Co. on commission for a re-
liable tree and seed house. Address Box 4273,
Call offlce.
SITUATION wonted by man handy with tools;
fireman or engineer; desires work of any kind.
Box 4293. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS all around cook; wide experi-
ence and good reputation. GEO. STALL, 312
Stockton et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia it.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: cpen till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *ts.: or>en till 9 n. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician;
German eye water by mall, 50c. 1071V4 Market
St., San Francisco: examination free.
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat, 7 room>, all tunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417^j 'Ihlrd Bt.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms and bath; larse
basement. 715 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
PLAINLY furnished upper flat, five rooms, $50;
one room rented for $15; clean and sunny. 411
Octavla st.
SIXTH. 136— I^rge front room; light house-
keeping; also room SI week.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms; bath; gas; sta-
tionary tubs; rent reduced. 331 Tehama st.
SUNNY lower flat. 5 rooms and bath; yard;
rent reasonable. 336S 17th Bt., near Guerrero.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished: 2
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
$11— UPPER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
street, off Market, near Valencia.
KKKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by "sending
address to lock box 643, Los Angeles, Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedftends. all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 30x60 inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
ft., near Broadway; open evenings.
FURNITURE of six rooms for sale; no dealers.
228 Van Ness aye.
FURNISHED house of nine rooms; cheap. Box
4579. Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 ranee. Kin* Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE AVANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT'. 77Tlinsslon~sT.7^pa>^
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mi**lon: tel. Red. 3353.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS wanted— slCO a month made selling
"O. K." family laundry Irons and other new,
Improved standard goods. Address 933 Jeffer-
son St.. Oakland.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, Jewish style, $35; German
or Scandinavian cook, plain wash. $30; par-
lor maid and v.-aitress. $23; German second
girl. $25: 2 Protestnnt second girls, $25;4nurse-
girls, $20; 2 Scandinavian housegirls, $25;
Alameda houseglrl, $25; Oakland, $25; restau-
rant cook, $10; 3 cooks, plain wash, $25; cham-
bermaid and waitress, $20; 5 restaurant wait-
resses, $5, $C week; 6 hotel waitresses, $20,
country and city; a number of Irish, German
. and Scandinavian girls for housework. $25.
J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
4 waitresses. Rait Lake City, fare here. ..s22 50
3 waitresses, Los Angeles, special rates $23
2 waitresses, Pasadena, special rates $25
2 waitresses. Bakersfleld, fare here. .s2o and $23
1 waitress, Fresno, fare one way $25
10 waitresses. Corning, Keswlck. Salinas.... s2o
waitress and chambermaid to wait, same
house $20
B waitresses, best city hotels $20
3 chambermaids to wait, city and country.. s2o
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— HOUSEWORK, Oakland, $23; Alameda, $25;
ban Mateo, $25; cook and second, same place,
$25 and $30; second eirl, Oakland, ?20; San
ItAfael. $20, 3 in family; 10 second girls, city.
$25 and $20; chambermaid and waitress, $25; 3
nurseglrls, city and country, $20 each; 2
young nurseglrls. $12 and $15; 10 waitresses
and chambermaids. $20 and $15, city and coun-
try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— WOMAN with a child. {15, country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress desires a slt-
uation: good references: city or country.
MISS 11. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a sltua^
turn; ' best' city references; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St. ¦
NURSEGIRL. $20; cooks and ceneral house-
girls, $20 and $23. MRS. CATTELL. E23
Eighth st.. Oakland. -
WANTED— Strong young woman of good ap-
pearance who has . some knowledse of mas-
sage ¦ and anatomy; steady employment for
right party. Address L. A. W.. Call office.
GIRL to do light housework; sleep home; wages
$10. 722 Hayes st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Everybody to bring their flannels
to us; washed aa your mothers do it at home;
one trial will convince you; gents' underwear,
Cc a piece; all flannels washed by hand. Offlce
257 Third st. and 609,4 Howard Bt.; telephone
Baker 1189; French laundry.
GIRL about 15 for housework; small family;
g-ood home;.sS to $10 month; references re-
qulred. T.. box 22. Call offlce. Oakland.
WANTED— Neat girl to do general housework
and cooking. Apply 2930 Sacramento st., cor.
Kroderlck.
WANTED — Experienced veiling saleslady;
etate age, experience, reference and salary.
Apply box 4254. this office.
WANTED — Refined American woman, good
home, small wages, in widower's family.
Address J. M.. box 273. Petaluma.
NEAT girl for general housework and cooking.
Apply after 10 a. m., 2220 Webster st.
EXPERIENCED corder and operators on silk
waists. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk Bt.
WANTED— Strong, capable girl for housework
and cooking. 797 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist with children.
1E62 Post st., near Laguna.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 3437 V*
Sixteenth st.
COMPETENT German girl that understands
cooking and housework. 317 Larkln st.
CHAMBERMAID, g Mason gt.
LEARN a new profession for 23 cents; no fake.
F. A. REYNOLDS. East Oakland.
LIGHT housework; sleep home; $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— Experienced vampers and stitchers
on men's and ladles' shoes. CAHN, NICK-
ELSBURG & CO., 115-117 Hayes et.
WANTED— Woman'for light housework: good
home; fair ray; call after 12 a. m. 116 Tay-
lor st.
WANTED— Operators and good hands on vests.
641i£ Stevenson st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 1917 Baker
nt., near Clay, after 10 a. m.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gouch and Grove sts.
YOUNG girl for light upstairs work; apply be-
tWeen 9 and 12 a. in. 2203 Buchanan st.
OPERATORS on overalls; positions for sev-
eral hundred more girls at Levl Strauss' fac-
tory, 32^4 Fremont st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36»4 Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuclty *ts. : open until 9 p. m.
HELP AVANTED MALE.
HOTEL, laundry, bakery and other departmts.
14 cooks, different places.. slo, $45, $40. $30 fd
7 waiters, different places.. s3s, $30, $25, $20 fd
laundrym.in, country job $25 and found
2 butchers, country job $52
second baker, $35; third baker, $25 and found;
3 boys to help In bakeries $15 found
dlshweahprs, cabinetmakers. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MACHINE man for planing mill $73
3 stonemasons, $2 £0 day. MURRAY &
READY. C 34 and 636 Clay gt.
MURRAY & READY. .......PHONE MAIN £848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
12 laborers, city jobs $30 and found
2 stable men, city Jobs.. sso and $20 and found
2 farmers and wives, al3o married fanner
with family.
16 farm hands; pruners $28, $25, $20 found
9 choremen nnd boys for farms, etc. s2o, $10 fd
milkers, buttermakers. gardeners
137 woodchoppers, tlemakers. post and picket
makers, tools, food found. S2 to 70c cord, 10c,
12c each. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay Et.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
Teamsters for the coast road, fire fare; 2
carpenters, country, $3 a day and board;
blacksmith, country shop, $£0 and board;
hoisting engineer for mine, $2 50 a day; tln-
fmith. country, $2 SO a day; metal spinner,
country. $2 00 to $3 a day; harness-maker for
a It. R. camp, SI 25 a day and board; 6 elght-
liorse ranch teamsters. $25 and board; pruner,
$26 and board.
Head cook, $50. baker, $40, same country
hotel, fare advanced; fry cook, restaurant.
$50: dishwasher, country hotel, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
VEGETABLE man, country hotel. $30 and fare
palil. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
JAPANESE waiter for a railroad camp, $25
and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary Et.
WANTED— MiIker, $:5; farmers. $25 and $1
•lay; pruner. $1 day; woodchoppers. $1 25 and
$2 25 cord; driver for milk wagon, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento at.
WANTED— Restaurant cook. $20 week; s?cond
cooks, $."0 ami $50; 2 hotel waiters, $25; 2 stew-
ards. $10 and $13 week; dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacra-
mento st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the co«*t. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
SALESMAN, acquainted with and having ln-
fluencu among the largest and best class of
hardware, general machinery, railway and
mill supplies and allle^'trad* through the ter-
ritory west of the Rocwy Mountains to repre-
sent prominent manufacturing concern and
possibly to take charge of branch offlce at
Hau Francisco; one living at San Francisco
preferred. Address, stating age, whether
married or slnple, experience in full and
references. Manufacturer, box 255, Herald,
downtown office. New York City.
WANTED- Steady man; light work In com-
mission business; must be satisfied with $1S
per week: small capital required. 1016 Mar-
ket St., room 10.
ELECTRICAL workmen and house wlremen
wanted. Apply early to O'CONNER, 217
Mason st.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery work
and jobbing gardening: wages $20 or $23 and
found. Call £00 Haleht st.
WANTED— TaiIor. ROOS BROS., 25 to 37
Kearny st.
BODICE makers wanted; none but flrst-class
need apply. BOWHAY. 516 Sutter st.
GENERAL tailor for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
COAT. vest, pants tailors. Call early at 633
Kearny st.
MAN to dig cellar; call for three days after 7
p. m. 11S3 Valencia st.
SECOND cook wanted. Rosemont Restaurant,
506 Howard st.
WANTED— A good shoemaker on repairing.
2755 MlFßior. St.
WANTED— Neat young man as grocery clerk.
1622 Waller st., corner Shrader.
LEARN a new profession for 25 cents; no fake.
F. A. REYNOLDS. East Oakland.
WANTED— Bojf on Job presses in printing
oflice. 415 Market st.
STEADY bushelman wanted. Palace Hotel,
room 1001.
WANTED— Cock; call after 8 o'clock. 210
Townsend st.
STEADY man with small capital In good-
paying business. Call 79 Third st.
BOOTBLACK WANTED; large barber shop.
Seventh and Mission sts.
WAITER wanted. 613 Clay Bt
BARBER wanted; Bteady If suits; good wages.
HOG Polk st.
WANTED— Compositor; steady work. 2020 Fill-
more St., afternoon.
MAN to soHctt for the Weekly North Beach
News; no experience necessary. Apply 51J
Filbert st.
RELIABLE men to handle' staple goods; big
money to right parties. California Mfg. Co.,
(32 Market at.
lac BARBER shoo, 2 chairs steady; Western
Addition. STOLTZ, £30 Market St.
WANTED— Boys at San Francisco and Pacific
Ulass Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
EOc. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
BARBER wanted to buy a flve-chalr shop doing
a splendid business; owner going to Alaska.
Apply at 12 Fifth street.
100 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
TAILORS— Wanted flrst-class ladies' tailor for
the country: one proficient in all details; must
be good rapid operator; permanent place for
steady, sober man; good wages. Apply to
STEIN. SIMON & CO.
SMART collector and canvasser; Industrial In-
surance; quick promotion. U. RALPH, £11
Montgomery i«t.
WANTED— A traveling talesman for a jobbing
liouse dealing In farming implements and ve-
hicles; Btate references and salary desired.
Address box 4972. Call offlce.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver *iouse. 217 Third «t. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorial art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLEH'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 625 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
BARBERS— A complete three-chair outfit at &
bargain. Call at SU Larkln st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street. '
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S. »C Steuart st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 150 breakfast,
dinner or supper: best In city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD 4 CO.. attor-
neya. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per nlarht. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 7CO rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions nas been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
FUb*criptlons has been established at th 4
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open antll 9 p. m.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME bay mare and English trap: flne
roadster; perfectly cafe. NEVADA STA-
BLES, 1350 Market street.
BO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady, also some flne matched black teams.
THOROUGHBRED brood mare, by Prince Nor-
fork, dam Lady Stasy. cheap; 8 years. 1)
City Hall aye.
WORK horse. $10: buggy home, $35; butcher
wagon. $30; buggy. t25. 19 City Hall aye.
10 GOOD, sound horses for sale. Eclipse
Stables.. 1375 Eddy St.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team, 16»*: 10 years
old. DAL7.IEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 O. G. Aye.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
25 ROOMS: new and clean $1100
12 rooming and boarding house $55-1
17 rooms; flne location 450
18-room house; good transient 750
BO rooms; clears $359 3250
A special bargain; IJ- room house, central lo-
cation; new ana clean; good Income, etc.
Money loaned. Gale & Benson, 320 Parrott biff.
A— S6COO; 60 r7i Pine. $1RCO; 2S r.; down townT
fSCO; 10 r.; Powell. $1500; 34 r; paying.
$3000; 30 r.; Sutter st. 16000; Eddy. nr. Markt.
$1000; 21 rooms; nice. {6. r >o: 12 r. ; respectable.
$S00; 13 r.: good house. !$1300; «0 r.: Market St.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 6C7 Market st.
14 ROOMS; well furnished: rent $40 $350
11 rooms; all rented; rent $20 275!
40 rooms; flne location; rent $75 1000
ICO rooms at great bargain: rent $200 3600
65 r.; rent $100; $1700. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$700— LODGING-HOUSE. IS rooms, north of
Market st. : barßaln If sold to-day. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777^ Market st.
M. GRIFFIN, 719 Market: $200 up; 7 to 93
rooms; easy terms on any house. j
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 rooms for sale, all oc- |
cupied, at 2 Washington st.
HOUSE of 32 rooms, all taken: very reason-
able. 704 Howard st.. corner Third. ¦
TO LET— 9-room house; 313^ O'Farrelt St..
near Mason; rear entrance. Apply 15 Gran*.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1931. between Laguna and Bu-
chanan Fts. — Elegant house of 12 rooms; bath,
servants' room, etc.; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery street.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: large yard; rent $37 50.
FINE bay-window house. 7 rooms and bath,
high basement; fine flower garden: 1731 Bu-
chanan st-. near Sutter. Apply 623 Golden
Gate aye.
LOVELY modern house; 6 rooms; 750 Bush st.
Key 754 Bush St. ¦
9-ROOM house; 313V4 O'Farrell St.. near Mason.
rear entrance: flne location. Apply 15 Grant.
LOST AND FOUND.
BROWN alligator purse, on Devlsadero St.. bet.
Geary and California, containing key and pa-
pers; of no value to any one except owner.
Reward at 1522 Devlsadero st.
LOST — Watch with diamond and gold buckle,
at Chutes. Return to 37 Third St.. cor. Ste-
venson, room 5. and receive reward; $10.
LOST— Brooch of pearls set with two diamonds.
Return 15 Main st. ; reward.
STOLEN— Lady's Persian lamb cape, trimmet 1
round bottom with bear fur: lined with blui
plaid silk: reward $20. 411 7th St.. Oakland.
. —
LOST— Lady's gold chain. Return to 725 Fulton
st. ; reward.
LOST— Lemon and white pointer; collar
marked property JNO. B. COLE MAN, Olym-
pic Gun Club. Return to 1407 Hyde st. and
receive reward.
BLACK and white English setter bitch. Return
to 2210 Steiner st. and receive reward.
WHITE greyhound dog; fawn epot on left side
and head. Return 2210 Steiner St.; reward.
IF the gentleman who found the black and
white pup on Pine or Larkln Bt. on Thursday
wi!l kindly return It to 1025 Pine st. he will
recsive reward.
ON the 24th — Fox terrier slut: black tpot on
>.«'ad: has pups. Return to 142S Turk; reward.
MEDICAL.
DR. COLLIER, the world-renown pile special-
ist, is in the city and will treat all rectal dis-
eases without use of knife: ch.ronle cases pre-
ferred; consultation free; success guaranteed;
any former patients In need of treatment call
and be treated free. 435 Fourth st.. room 14;
office hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8; will call at resi-
dence.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only reliable ladles' phy-
sician and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care: guaranteed
treatment at ofnee, $5: safe and reliable: con-
sultation free. 1122 Market St., between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours, 9 to 5.
DRS GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
cialist, formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market,
has returned from • Europe with improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
offlce $5: warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Offlce. 118 Eddy St., near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; hoii<» for patients In confine-
ment or wilia clironlc diseases; best care;
guaranteed treatment at offlce. $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyd» and Lar-
kln; hours 10 to S. 7 to 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully : treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaran-
teed. Write or call wt 1023H Market st.
PRIVATE confinement home; runny rooms;
beft of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2751; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladies' physician for 37 years;
call on a phystclan with man's knowledge;
cure 15; consultation free. 31S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment Ji.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1033 Market St.; hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; at residence. 223 Van Ness
aye.. S to 9p. m. ; guaranteed treatment. $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
et.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln: hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to It.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eates of the human body. 115 Mason st.
————————— „
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy,
occultism: free clinic Tues. evg. 305 Larkln.
MINES AND MI>ING>
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers*
dividend payers: quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 50 cents per share or monthly install-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California «.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mlnlnr attorney, room 40 Bta
floor. Mills building. S. F.: ttl. Main »44.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand 'machineryT~Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
flce furniture and fixtures: new and second-
band. J. NOON AN. 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission st.
anSCELLANEOCS-— FOR BALK.
A— •O-MILE power V. S. regulation field
glasses. Cost originally $35. for *U. at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
DOGS-Grand collection of high-bred collies, all
ages, from prize wlnnera; cheap. Apply «-. v.
NAIRN. Lawrence. Cal. '
A— BUYS sells, or rents gear machinery en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear street.
10.000.0LD brick, cleaned and delivered. Twen-
ty-fourth and Valencia sts.
FOR sale— Complete restaurant outfit. Inquire
232 Sixth st. j
FOR sale— 2 black and tan thoroughbred pupa.
3 months old. WM. QUEEN. 713. Mission st.
ROSEWOOD guitar, perfect tone: original cost
$25; price $». Plaza Loan Ofnce. 702 Kearny.
COMBINATION table, complete, cheaD: also
billiard balls and cues. Apply 757 Harrison.
CANARY birds; see, hear and buy, at LOH-
' MANN'S, 316S Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
HOUSE of 6 large rooms for sale at Eighteenth
and Indiana sta.. Potrero.
FOR sale— Ten hives of Italian honey bees. Ad-
dress C. J. GARDNER, 2E3 Guerrero BtreeT.
OAK roller toD desk; also oak dining tabls
and chairs. 616 A Central aye.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher; I
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by (buy) SORENSEN'S alarm,
clock, reduced to SOc. 103 Sixth, below Mission.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons'. th»
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
vpecle chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Tho
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPL,
M 3 Market st. San Francisco.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 830 Kearny St., nr. Pine.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beal*.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1833 Market st
NEW style Singer sewing machines; I drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplier.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. tl« Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weeklr
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addre«« In th«
United States or Canada on» year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
WANTED— Horse for light work lor hU feed.
O. H. M.. 219 Mason St.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. 525 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED — Painters' falls; call carlr* B3
Gclden Gate aye.
LOT of old windows and tank closets: must b*
cheap. Address box 1354. Call offlce.
MONEY TO LOAX.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per csat; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; cbattel
mortgages: confidential; adtice frsa. G. K.
OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays; try all ethers, then see me; $59
to $100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in p:o-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no do-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2» Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable private place to oblala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry ai low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4d Mark:t
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist cr 2nd mortgagcis, nnd en
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 28 Montgomery st.
MOST Triable Mace to borrow en diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTIIAI* 10 Slxtn;
highest prices for old »old silver, dlamor.ds.
ANY amount by private party en fum'ture and
pianos: no removal: low r?t;s; eonrtdentia'l.
BONELLI. Conservatory MUir, 133 Powell st.
AT 126 Kearny. nn. 9. respectable private plac«
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service: money direct; lowest interest: Kcom»
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott building.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
$50 TO JoO.CCO: lowest ratee; Ist and 2d mortg3. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 403 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF "our property is mortgaged and you need
more money nee H. MURPHY. oSO Market »t.
~~~~ MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— S6COO en undivided Interest on Im-
proved Inside San Francisco property; pro-
bated; worth $S0O.0C0: on first mortgage for a
long term: title clear: principals only. Addr»sa
stating lowest rate of Interest. F. O. H., Call
offlce, Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and lew-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelntray
within three years and have full purch<ui<»
price allowed. We are selling new uptight
pianos for $6 per month, and some good piano*
for $3. $4 and $5 per month. BHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinwaj Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor. Thir-
teenth ami Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house)
west of Chicago Is KOHLEH A CHASE' 3.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible dono to please and satUfy tb«
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOU-
LER?& CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
WHY buy a cheap-grade piano when you can
get a fine "Baby 1 ' Decker for $323, paying no
per month. If you want to. at MAUVAI3'. 7W
Market st.
GREAT bargains in new and second-hand pl»
anos at MAUVAIS'. 789 Market at.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; price* reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post et.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerings. 2 Stelnways. 1 Vose ft Sons aa j
60 other slightly used high and medium grad*
pianos; special discount* for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 138 Ellis st.
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg"; pro-
nounced by experts the best In S. F. ; nearly
new. of solid construction; wonderful power
and sweetness of tone: value $600; to be sold
for only $3CO cash. 1236 Market St.. room 121.
WANTED— FIrst-class piano: will pay cash;
must be nearly equal to new; stata price and
make. Apply box 4271. Call office.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer piano*. Spencer
warerooms. UIS Market st.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1319 Powell.
FINE Fischer & Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright piano: only ISO cash;
sold fcr storage. 1710 Market st.
OUR pianos have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. E6O Hayes st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheapt
HORNUNG S. 21S McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. IS
McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
, TO let— Fine store, with high and dry cellar.
In the best retail portion of. Market st. Bt
JOHN PFORR, 4C3 Pine st.
STORE reduced from $45 to ? 3. S. E. cor.
Howard and Tenth sts.; 4 rooms.
$3>— STORE; 2 show wtndo-ws and 5 large rooms-
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
A FINE store to let In the best retail portion or
Market street, by JOHN PFORR. 403 Pino »t.
LARGE, elcgint store. 993 Valencia street; bu«l-
ness center; low rent.
PARTNERS "WANTED.
HALF Interest In paying and well established
mfg. bus.; capital required. $500. SCHWFTV
HARD & CO.. rooms 2-3. 1007U Market it.
WANTED— Partner for a barber shop H4
Grove st.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JAISTJARY 11, 1900.
10THE WEEKLY CALL.
£$1 per Year.
' jELAILBOAD" TBAVEXT
MOUNT TAMALPPIS SCENIC RfJILV/AY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Kerry.
Week Days... 9:3o' a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
5unday5. .....:..... 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p.m.
Steam-heated ctoaed car on all trains.
Fare — Sao Francisco to Summit and Return,
1140.
BAY AND BIYEB STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. NAVY .YARD AND VALLEJO. -
... '? Steamrr "A*ont«ce'lo."- .¦;.'s
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat, at 9:43
a. m.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nlsht); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.,'B
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508." . ¦
FARE 500
I /^^v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A^*^^f»2SKEAB»TKT. Established
foi c ] ff*^aK* in I SS » for the treatment of Private
*" -li&3 : wu D'seiises, L<i9t Manhnod. Dt-biltty or
•ii^f % a->(ev;earfiif:oii bodyandnilndaiiil
"•SSp^S^rQiy SKIn I)iwfu*fS.'rhedoctorcure3 - .viiiMi
C^fi^"' i( *"<w'' tlieisl " a! '- Try him. Charges low
*alM|Pag|g|l'nr»!ignaranleeJ. Callorwrlte.
. Dr. 4. *'. ««IBB«>N. ISat I»s7. San Franclaca
COMPAGNIE .GENEBALE THAN9ATLAHTIQIJE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <^-J^~ 't>
Saturday, from November 2, 1599. at ?^=?*?
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot. of
Morton st. La AQUITAINE. Jan. IS: LA GAS-
COGNB, Jan. 23; LA NORM ANDIE., Feb. 1;
LA BKETAONE, Feb. ». First-class to Havre.
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction oa roCnd
trip. Second class to Havre, $43; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip: GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson building). . New York. J.
F. FUGAZJ & CO.. Faclnc Coast Ajents. 5
Montgomery are., San Francisco.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W, E- NESCITT. 516 Market.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 10.
Stmr Progreso, Zollinir, 9S hours from Ta-
COma - CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 10.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow. San Pedro; Goodall,
Btmr UmatUla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
,Br Btmr Tartar. Pybus, Manila; US.Gov-
Br stmr WelllnKton. Salmond, Nanalmo: R
Dunsn-.ulr Sans' Co. ..' " _ _
Whaling bark Gayhead, Foley, whaling; S F
Whaunsco.
Wednesday. January 10.
Stmr Samoa, Dunham, Eureka.
Stmr DelNorte. Allen, Eureka. -
Stmr Australia. Lawless. Honolulu.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, Manila, via Hilo.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen. Eureka.
U S stmr Hartford, Hawley, Valoaraiso.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanaimo.
Tue Samson. Stream, Astoria.
Br ship Crown of Scotland. Jenkins, Queens-
Bktn Gleaner, Peck, Columbia River.
Schr Aloha, Fry. Honolulu.
Schr Jame3 A Garneld, Lewis, Coos Bay.
Schr Sadie, Smith, Umpo.ua River.
Schr North Bend, Pelmgren, Grays Harbor.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Llndberg, Fort
Brage. ' • _
Schr Mary C, Madsen, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 105 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE,' velocity 6 miles per hour. , ?
MEMORANDUM.
The reported sailing of the schr Lizzie Vance
from Seattle Jan 9 Is an error; vessel still at
Seattle. DOMESTIC" PORTS.
COOS BAY— Barbound Jan 10— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco. • '¦
UMPQUA— Arrived Jan 6— Schr Lily, hence
Dec JO.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 10— Schr Challenger,
from Seattle; schr John A Campbell, from San
Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 10— Schr Abble. hnc
Jan 5; schr Western Home, hence Jan 4.
PORT TOWNSEND— In bay Jan 10— Chil bark
Sulltelma, for ; schr W II Talbot, from
Port Gamble, for Port Pirle; bktn Amelia,
from Port Mlakeley.
NEWPORT— Arrived Jan 10— Schr Wawona,
from Port Blakeley. •.. :
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Jan 10— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
OOQUILLE RlVER— Arrived Jan 9— Schr
LtJizle Prien. hence Dec 31.
• REDONDO— SaiIed Jan 10— Stmr Tlllamook.
for San Francisco: stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Noyo.
henca Jan 9.
ALBlON— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Albion, for
San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Jan 10— Etmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Cleone. hence
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 10— Stmr San Pedro, for
San Francisco; stmr North Fork, for San Fran
cisco: schr Mabel Gray, for San Dteso; stmr
Weetport. for San Franclscu.
Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Pomona, hence Jan 9.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Homer, for
: Btmr National City, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Tilla
mook. from Redondo. '_ _ " " _¦
Sailed Jan" 10— Schr Maggie C Russ. for Port
Townsend; stmr Alcatraz. for San Francisco;
stmr Luella. for Pan Francisco; schr Endea
vor, for Port Gamble; schr Kate and Anna, for
""XsTORI A— Arrived Jan NV-Stmr Columbia,
hence Jan 8. FOREiaN pORTS
QUFENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 10— Hr ship
Agr.es Oswald, hence Aug 7; Br ship Moel Ell
ian. hence July 24.
Sailed Jan 10— Br ship Bothwell, for Llver-
P fUImOUTH— Arrived Jan 9— Br shin Loudon
Hill, hence Aug 18. ?
Balled Jan 10— Br bark Muskoko, for Limer
ick ' *•
KOBE— Arrived Jan 9— Br stmr Energia, from
SYDNEY— A rrived Jan 9— Br stmr Warri
moo ¦ from Vancouver.
HOLYHEAD— Arrived Jan 9— Br bark Kil
morv. from Portland, for Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— Passed Jan 9— Br ship Ag
nes Oswald, hence Aug 7, for Queenstown: Br
ship Moel EHlan, hence July 24. for Queens
toWD " OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sallad Jan 10— Stmr.St Louis.
for Southampton; stmr Noordland, for Ant-
Arrived Jan 10— Stmr ' Harald. from Port au
Prince, etc.
KOBE! — Arrived Jan 9 — Stmr Enerrla, from
Tncoma. for Hongkong. ¦' «•
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Werra,
from New York, via NaDles and. Genoa.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan 10— Stmr Lahn.
from Bremen, for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived • Jan 10— Stmr Dresden,
from Baltimore.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Maas
dam, from New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Anchorla,
from New York. .-'
MITTHRRJI PAt'IFIC I'ttJirAXT.
(r*ciric hy*trm.>
TmiSM !*•**•< nail «»«-«• tin* •• arrlt* »»
NAB! riUNCINCW.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
tXATX — From Dtrzijßui 13, 13OT. — akktts '
•liOOfc Benkla, Snisun, EluJro, VacaTiU*.
Rninsey-nJ Kacncspcto TrlSp
•7rt>O\ Shasta Express— Dst's. WUlows,
Rea Blufl.- Fcrtlird *7>tSr
•7:"H»* Martinez, .'jan U.amon, Valfcju, Napa, - *
Calistrca cr..l San > Eo-a, ..... »a: 1 !*»•
f !»i3OA The Ovwknd Lirrit?'!— ©fclen. Tten.
»er, Omaha. Cfcieasri *3»ia»
• *t!i»A Han Joae, tinnroT^. Ntaekten,
lone, Kacramcuto. I'l.sc rriUn.
M*rjs»n!.\ thieo. lie.! ISliilT Mil.ip
•M:3o* "Mitton. Okßbiq c::<l ¦ -::ora Ml 13a
•t>:«M>\ Tf.jywar.ls. Nile sat -.1 Way Stations. Ml: 13*
•»:«•)* Davis, Wooillad. Ktichts Landine.
I'arjsrillo, «>To»iib\ -. .. *7slAp
• 9:OO» AilanUa lltprcss— CjiUn acd East «1>:-*3y»
?9iO«A ftinrtincz. Tmcy. LatUrcp, Stockton.
Merc «1 ami Fresno. » 1 8:13*
•U;O«M rcrttost\ Krvituo. MojMe and I.os •
Ansslra *6i-«.5r
•IO:O0* Vallt j.,. Marttecz end Way Stations *6: l.ir
•M:OO.\ Hamri'i, HJcaand Way sitat:rns. •2:13*
•I*:OOm Kilo, I.ivortnore. fc'.octfon.Sacra-
- mertto, Mendoto. liauford. Viaalio, - , <
FotcniUo •inns)
tl:OOr Sacramento I'lTerStc-mien ?*:<>Op
•3-.oor Ilajw-uia. Kilea acU Waj Stations. »3: X.if
•*.»»» Mattincs. ton Kauvm,- Vallejo.
Napa, C'a!istos», Sinto Itcsa. •OiI3»
•4«» Or Bemcia, Yica?llS>, tiucrumenlo,
WooUl.iik'i, iC-.iii.lit3 LuuUldc.
Marrsvillf, Orov!!;i>.* •II>:I3»
MiaOrmies,Han.lnsoamlfc;to«.ktcn •7»ir»r
•3:OOpTbo Onl Unitci*— Trr.cy. Frcsun.
Uokerstiili!, fian^ns for Santa lisj-
tara, I.r» Amain # 1«»jI3a
•3:00p Buc3tt IJ-rited— EJ Pmao. Jlew Or-
Icartaanil t^st «10»43a
•3>3op fitorktou, Merced, Frexno *12>13r
•3t*lor li'rrano, cakataOeM, Kaut.* i:i-.i»ir.\,
,V Loa Afgclcs, Pomtes. F.I I'aso,
• New « )rl^i:s and East *Bi-43*
•3i3«r Hsi;' i So It-mlß— All&iiUa Express
for tlojinn nna Butt •««43p
•0:O9p nijmri!.\ Niles anil San Jos» ¦ •7»4-'».»
t<J::iOr VnlJcjo •IStlir
•U«:i»i- Oriental Mail— Ogilcn and Fart •»:•¦">•*
|7:OOr Vftllejo, I'ort tosLa, aud *ft'ay Sta-
tiOOS. 10;.VJf
• Sio.-lr Orf^rn and California l-;si»reBK,Hao.
Milieu!.!), MarjsrU.'o. KeiUlhig,
•ftHrtlrw.'. PnaPt .'i.n.1,,1 ami l'iiH> *3i134
O94ST DIVISION (Nrj-rorf <iaene}.
' * ' (Foot ffilirlut Street.) *
¦Asia a Konarlf,C' l ntcr»i!lr,KauJa'Jo.lVltoD,
IJouiUeiCrcck.SatitaCrHi&odWa*
Buuocs *3ine»
t2il.Tr Xetv^fk. C'enterrtlle, Pan Jeep, Uew
' 'AtcailßD, Felton, )>cn!t*cr frpok,
' F.:r;M t.'rsi:: and I'rincipal Way
Stations fIOt.VU
•¦lilSp JTerrork. Htm Jos% LosGatos. «O:a04
IIl:t5p Hnnten' Exeunlan. Sas Joso and
W?y fitr>tio-s t?»*»»
CREEK ROUTE FERBY.
TttmSX* rRiHCISCO— r»«t c' Ui^tt Strtst (Sli? a)—
•7:15 •. C;0O ll:0O.\.U. 11:23 *2::3 t3:C3
*i*C3 ij- n Q ¦ *S'C^i* v
rraßtUiiusD— r«ot*ri'r3.idwxT.'-- > 6:00 a : co wmLu,
t!2:C3 -I:C3 13:C3 «3:C3 ti S3 •S:C:*».».
COAST DiTtSMKI (ttroail fianse).
(Third and Tawnsctnl Sta.)
tCsfOAOocan View, boiitn ban Fractciseo.. t«:UOp
•7:O<»a fitux Joko ni-.l \v»y titatlniis (New
Almadcii V,'ci'i"jsdajsouly) *ls*Oy
•oiOO* Han .>ose. Tres Titios. Miiuta Cna,
- Pacific «Jro»e. i'aao K. VU-*. Kan
J.i is ()>.iai>o, Snrf. Lompoc anil
rrinc'rtil "tVay Ktntlons •I»l»p
•l«i4O* HaiiJosoKiil Way Stations *<*:XtA
•Hi3oa Ban Joso r.ml Way Htatiom *3>3or
42:43r£a:> '.tjt-o, UetlTrcoil, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Capta Clara, Han .lone.
Tres Finos, (Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey »n«l Taclfic GroTo IIO:M»
fS:nnr San Joaeand Wa7 Stations # 7:3«>»
flilSrSanJoscaiiiirricciral Way .Stations *9:l3l
43:OOpSan Joso and pT'nciralWayStatlors ?9:<M»4
*3:3Ot> Han .1.3? a<i.l Principal Way Statious **:&1a
•6:: tOr San Jose aud Way Statious fA:OO*
Hl:l.',r San .lose uml '.V»y StaLions »7:: tOp
A for Morning. I* for A f temonn.
• Daily. t Knixlay exeeptnl. X Sauday only.
b f-'aturilay '¦n'y.
«JTueida*» and Fridays c Thursdays and Snndar*.
RfIUFORHIA IIMITED
Santa Fe Route
T2CHBCAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
CoireECTWQ Traix Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
saturday, arrivln? in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York. ,z-t •¦'•'¦
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FVDDF<;c p. m. with Palace and Tourist
n a ,iv cars ior Kansas Ctty, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Banford, Visalia, Tnlare nn*n
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FDUm Market Street, Phone Mai a
rKisuu auun- 1531; Oak i andt m3Broad .
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
(CALIFOfiNU NORTHWESTERN BT. CO.
T . H!>— tf^ HI Ifl . ...
lAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC!
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaran Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS-7.30. t:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
«:*», 5:10. <:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and ll:*u> d. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:OO. »:30. 11:00 a. ra.: 1:», 1:30.
1:00. «:20 D. m.
BAN RAFAEL. TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK OATS— «: 10. 7:50, 9:30. 11:10 a. ex; 11:43.
5:44, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:53 and (:S3 p. m.
lUNDAY3- 8:10, 9:40. 11:14 a. ta. : 1:40. l:«, I^s,
<:t& o. m.
; Between San Franclsca and Schuetiea Pars .
Hun schedule as above.
L-are Arrrr*
lan Francisco. In Effect Saa Frandsoa.
-¦ October li. ¦•
Week Sun- 1399. Sun- Week
Days. - days. Destination days. Day*.
1:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:49 am 5:40 am
• :30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. <:0S pm 10:23 am
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. I:Zi pm (:23 pm
Fulton.
t .-SO am Windsor. 1O:S ua
Healdsburf,
Lytton.
Oeyserville,
' 1:38 pm 1:00 am Clover-dale. 7:33 pm I:S3 pa
1:30 am Bopland and
- 1:00 am Uklah. 7:53 pm 1:23 per
1:30 am 10:25 aa
1:00 am Gnernerine. 7:35 pm
• :30 pm (:23 pro
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma' 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:85 pro <:23 pm
1:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopot. 10:40 am 19:25 aro
t:3O pm 6:00 pm 7:3 i pml 1:22 pm
Etasres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
tor Lytton Springs: at Geyserv-IHa for Skaa;ga
Sprlnzs; at Clr.ver<ial« for the Geysers; at Hop-
land tor Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Xelseyville. Cerlsbad Springs, Sou Bay. Lake- .
1 port and Bart'ett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
; Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
J Dell Lake. Witter ' Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo^
; Potter Vallty, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hu'.lviUe. Orr**
; Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Csal. WUUtts. Laytonvltls, Cum-
', filing's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
' BCotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r«-
1 «uced rate*.
On Sunday round txin tickets to all points
' fcevond Ran Rafael at half rate*.
Ticktt Offices. CO Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
SL C WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Fass. Agant.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via ft— tMiifto Farrr.
Commenc'.r.K October 1. \SSi.
*TROM SAN i-RA;»(.ISCO TO MILL VALUTT
AND SAN RAFAEU
i WEEK DAYS— T^O. •9:30. U:CO a. ra.: »1:45.
j *3:iO, 6:13. 6-W, S:3O p. m.
I EXTRA TRIPS— For Mtll Valley and. San Ra-
I fael, on Mondays, Wednsadaya and Saturdays.
< at 9:00 and ll:30'p. m. .
t SUNDAYS— '3:OO, n3:CO. "11:30 a. m.; 1:IL
J:l5, *4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked .<•) ran to San Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAIC FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY 3-6:25. *i:35. 7:45. •*:«> a. m.;
•12:30. J:l5. »3:40. V»:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:1". p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:». »1:00. *10:C9. •11:43 a. ra.:
•1:40. r»:15, 4:43. *6SO p. m.
Trains marked <•> start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS-3:4J.. «:C I:ZZ. 9:4 a a, m.;
12:3:.. 8:33. 3AZ. s:?i p. m. -.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* an^
' Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m.; 12:C5. J:13» I:ja
l^fl. «:45 p. m
j THROUGH TRAINS.
t"00 a. tn. ireek days— Caza»Jero and waystattona.
I 1:49 p. m. Saturdaysr-Torr.ales and Tray stations.
I IiOO a. ta. Sundays— Tt-Bialss anil way (tattoak
g JANUARY 14, 1900.
» ' . '.
& —r- -^ —
I THE COMPLETE STORY OF MY LIFE.
S ' ' " By LUCKY BALDWIN. - #
I WHAT TO DO WHEN YOUR BEST GIRL SAYS YES.
ft By R. K. MUNKITTRICK.
I THE REMARKABLE STORY OF LILLIE YOUNG.
I SAN FRANCISCO'S NEW FORTIFICATIONS.
I GIRLS WHO POSE FOR THE ARTISTS.
1 WHAT IT COSTS AN ACTRESS TO DRESS.
I THE RESCUE OF CHEO.
I® THE PRESERVXTION OF OUR FORESTS.
A CRITICAL REVIEW OF THE LATEST BOOKS
By PROF. H. B. LATHROP of Stanford University
DRAMATIC FEATURES, FASHIONS, ETC.
THE SUNDAY CALL'S MAGAZINE SECTION IS NOW THE RECOGNIZED
STANDARD.OF EXCELLENCE IN AMERICA-
Qetifext Sunday's Call.
a — — ¦ : ¦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
T M Fredericks, Preset
A E Postle, Prescott
Mrs F D Silverman,
Cincinnati
A F Fowler, ChffO
5 Julian Se w, Cal
F P Hogan, Spokane
C G Weiss & w, Cal
.1 H Wndsworth. Cal
Mrs J H Wadsworth,
Cal
D I Dlmond. Oakland
C H Cobb, Seattle
Mrs C H Cobb, Seattle
Mrs A G Turner, Nev
Mrs D Hollister. Cal
MISs B Hollister. Cal
J S Carroll. Ca)
F J Taylor. Cal
Miss A Taylor, Cal • .
Miss Annie Taylor, Cal
F P Fuller, Cal
E Whlpple. Decoto
J Johnson, Cal ,
E L Holllday, S Cms
C B Wheaton, Alamed
E M Preston, Amador
H H Budd, Stockton
W H Chapin A w. Or
B.W Skinner. Cal
6 Roscnhaupt & fam,
Bnok.ine "¦¦
W J Phillips, Portland
Mrs F H Mirier, Arcata
H S Miner, Arcata
A O White, Stockton
F E Davis, S Jose
Mrs Dodd, Snumlito
Mrs Harrison. Sausallt
Mrs Beehy. Sausallto
Miss Hamilton, Sausa
O B C Dowdell. Cal
J H Glide Jr & w. Sac
W J Barry, CaU
C Darner, Benlcia
Q V Cook, N V
Frank Ryan. IlllnoU
G Stevens. Illinois
F E Curtis & w. Cal
H Isaacs. L Ang
A J Larson. Lodi
C Sallars, Lndf , '
P Davis. Coultervllle
Mrs A E Rowland. Cnl
H S Demlng. s Cruz
J I" Simpson. Cal
E E Cando, Sacto '
H Park, Portland
J Bremer, Sacto
B W Bidwell & w. Cal
J C Leopold, Sacto
B C Hubbs, Chico
J Bonnar, Fresno
Mrs E L McKelllps,
Ml'ss N McKelllps. Cal
Miss L McKelllps, Cal
H McKelllps. Cal "
Miss O Miller, Cal
J II Davis, Omaha
J H Lewis Cal
,G E Caldwell & w. Cal
w A Carroll, Sacto
H N Wheeler. Boston
J M McCormick. Cal
W n penery, L An X
G H Stewart. L Ang
J A Rea. S Jose
|.T McCndden. Vallejo
.Miss McCudden, Cal
jR A Hrownlee & w,
Napa
W J Barrett, L Ang
W Davis, Cal
O W MeCnslin, Napa
J Bell, Henley
T B Straven & w, Cal
T W Clark. Reno •
Mlsb Roe, Cal
W Sarles. Gonzales
Miss SI Sarles, Cal'
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page 8.
PALACE HOTEL.
B Fordham, Chicago X Tafate, Japan
E B Newhall, Mont T W Ness, Boston
R B Teusler &w, Va E P Rogers, N York
L H Crane &w, Cal J J Brennan. Chicago
G Goodman Jr. Napa E Cooper, Chicago
Mrs N Otten, Chicago E Kaufman, St Louis
Mrs F O Silverman, OTA Brown. Colo
Mrs C J VeFsey. Cal Mrs R D Robblns. Cal
J O Galr. Chicago Miss Robbtns, Suisun
S S Hobson, Mont N F Wllshlre. Los Ang
R C Thayer. Col Sprgs A W Kline Jr. N York
H Betterus. B H Sprgs H C Stevens, R Rafael
\V Ellery, Boston JC Johnson & w, lowa
J Blsslnger, Portland T J Field, Mont
J C Halstead, N York C Drelfus & w. Pa
J S Chllds, Weaverville Mrs W O Butler, N V
H H Shoninger, 111 NW Myrlck & w, LA
W Garland, Chicago S P Newman &w, Ont
A C Kennedy, N V W Ellis. Boston
W E Germain. NY
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P C Groth. Dobbins |C E Whltmore, Seattle
P Foley, Fresno H A Craft. Portland
J McDermott, Sacto J Kenny &w. Or
S M Carlton, Los Ang Miss M Kenny. Or
W E Elliott. Rio Vista I W Daly &w. Portland
J Kelley, Monterey M H Thorham & w, Or
J Nelms. San Rafael J Ray. Stockton
W E Nesbltt, Davlsv O M Peterson, Salem
S Morrell. Suisun G A Shockley & w-^^ la
L Braadock, Portland T A Preston. Rio Vista
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1900.
42 years 11 months and 8 days. (Portland.
Or., papers. Dlease copy.)
(E?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day . (Thursday), at
9:45 o'clock, from the family residence, 1808.
Pacific avenue. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by special train from Third and
Townsend streets at 11 o'clock. Please omit
fiowers. ¦ . • ' ¦"
DE SOUSA— In this city, January 7, 1900, Jose
Garcia de Sousa. a native of Portugal, aged
5S years.
EASSON— In this city, January 10, 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved daughter of William L. and
Elizabeth Easson, and sister of Jessie, Isa-
belle, Man', Bessie, Broderick and William
• Easson, a native of Scotland, aged 11 years
11 months and 4 days.
. {^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:20 o'clock, from the residence
of her rarente, 2SO lowa street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
FERGUSON— In this city, January D, -1900.
Kenneth, youngest son of T. M. and Annie
Ferguson, and grandson of Mrs. C. E. Cur-
ley aped 1 year 4 months and 18 days.
{£?¦ Funeral this day (Thursday), from resi-
dence 13C6 Post street, at 10:30 o'clock. Train
for Holy Cross Cemetery. No flowers.
GRANT— In this city, January 10, 1300, Henry
F., beloved huiband of Carrie Grant, and
father of Willie and Albert Grant, a native of
the West Indies, aged 47 years.
GRASELL— In this city, January 10, 1900, Mrs.
Ollie Grasell, beloved wife of Charles Grasell,
and mother cf Fred, Charles, George, Edward
and V'alter Grasell, a native of Indiana, aged
60 y«2firs and 6 months.
{C7'Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel.. Hill Cemetery.
KELLETT— In Calistoga, January 9, 1900, Rich-
ard beloved son of Mary C. and the late
Samuel Kellett, a native of Calistoga, aged
"tCTFuneral at Calistoga this day (Thurs-
day), at 3 o'clock.
KERR— lit tills city, January 9, 1000, Thomas
P beloved husband of Catherine Kerr, father
of Martin E., William J., Thomas C. and
Annie Kerr and Mrs. J. P. Nelson, and
brother of the late James and Martin Kerr,
a native of the parish of KUtarten. County
Galway, Ireland, aged 62 years. A member
of Fairmount Council No. 103, Order cf Chosen
Friends.
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 61S Third street.' thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by train from Third and
Townsend streets.
ST PATRICK'S Mutual Alliance Association
of California— Officers and members of St.
Patrick's Mutual Alliance Association of
California are hereby notified to assemble at
618 Third street this day (Thursday), at 8:13
o'clock to pay the last tribute ot resoect to
I the memory of our late brother. Thomas
Kerr. By order
THOMAS M. SEARY, President.
THOMAS V. ALFORD. Cor. Sec.
LASSALLA— In Oakland, January 10. 1900,
Mary Domerlca. beloved wife of Peter Las-
salla, and mother of Antone and Jennie Las-
salla. a native of Menusia, Switzerland, aged
46 years 6 months and G days.
McCLOSKEY— In this city. January 9, 1900.
John McCloskey, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., aged 51 years and 7 months. (Phila-
delphia r?rers please c^py.) .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of" Mrs. W. S. Whltten, 42S Seventh
street between Harrison and Bryant. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— In this city. January 9, 1900,
James McDermott, a native of Ireland, aged
59 years.
MALECH— In this city, January 10, 1900, Dr.
Gustav Herman Maleeh. beloved father of
Dr Herman F., Theodore G. and John George
Malech and Mrs. William F. Clark, a na-
tive of Weida, Sachsen Weimar,- Germany,
aged £0 years. A member ot Harmony Lodge
No 13 i. O. O. F., and Pioneers of Califor-
nia. (San Jose, Cal., and Philadelphia pa-
pers please copy.)
(E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
O'CONNELL— In this city, January 10, 1900,
Daniel A. O'Connell. beloved father of Dr.
Maurice W., Eleanor G., Lillle C. and Agnes
O'Connell and Mrs. L. J. Kerwin.
tn7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 110 Devlsadero street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church. Hayes street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PICKETT— In this city, January 9. 1900, at her
residence, 1261 Clay street. Margaret, be-
loved wife of William Plckett. a native of
Brooklyn, N. Y.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday) morning, from St. Mary's Church,
corner California and Dupont streets, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment private In Mount Calvary Ceme-
,tery.
POWNING— In Berkeley, January 9, 1900, Grace
Pownlng, widow of the late- Ambrose Pown-
lng, and beloved mother of Mrs. R. G. Hart,
Mrs. R. C. Richards and Mrs. W. J. Q'Don-
nell, formerly of Grass Valley, Cal., aged 68
years and 6 months. (Redding and Grass
Valloy papers please copy.)
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to be held
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. R. G. Hart,
2515 Le Count avenue. Berkeley, Cal.
QUIRK— In Oakland, January 10. 1500, Minnie
J., beloved wife of J. T. Quirk, a native of
Brooklyn," N. Y.
RODE— In this city, January 10, 1900, George
H Rode, beloved father of Chrissie Rode,
only son of C. B. and Mary Rode, and brother
of Alice Rode. Mrs. C. C. Montague and the .
late Nellie Rode, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years 2 months and 8 days.
BTT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence '
of his parents, E47 Fourth street, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SEVERENA— In thin city, January 10, 1900,
Sister Maria Severena (Zahn), a native of
Baden, Germany, aged 28 years and 3 months.
STENSLAND— In this city, January 8, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of Captain Charles Stens-
land, and dearly beloved mother of Tina
Fosen, a native of Denmark, aged 43 years
9 months and 14 days.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. j
STREBINGER— In this city, January 9, 1900,
Terese, beloved wife of Frederick Strebinger,
a native of Paris, France, aged 73 years.
(CTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524
Stockton street, thence by 11:30 o'clock train
for Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WIELAND— In this city, January 10, 1900,
Frances Wieland, dearly beloved daughter of
George anil Anna Wlelnnd, and beloved sister
of Anna. Charles and Frederick Detjen and
George and Albert Wieland, a native of East
Oakland, need 2 years 6 months and 10 days.
tH-'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 419 Ivy avenue. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
WILBEHG— In this city. January 9, 1900. The-
resa A., heloved wife of Edward Wilberg.
daughter of the late David Fleming, and
beloved sister- of Mary E. Fleming, a na-
tive of San Francisco, oped 32 years.
(ETFriends of the family are respectfully
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3031 Twenty-third street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where services will be held
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
ZUSSMAN— In this city. January 10, 1900,
Blanche, beloved wife of Dr. S. Zussman,
mother of Claire and • Edmond Zussman.
daughter of Berthe nnd Isidor Linraan, and
sister of Ida and Jean Lipman, a nntlve of
Callfcrnia, aged 24 years and 5 months.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, £34 Van Ness avenue. Please do not
gend flowers, as they will not b<» accepted.
OCEAH TRAVEL.
PE9C3 Sifts' 901 8." S. Moana salts via
wii«S?S'3a2. H r '*i r >!u:u and Auck-
Bk J * B- * land for Sydney Wed-
—^ nesday., Jan. 24". at 8
r^jMHSfllD^ The s * s - Anstralla
sails for Honolulu
(ORDHRiK Wednesday, Feb. 7.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
t. U. SHrttCKELS St BROS. CO. j Agt3.. r!4 Kontoomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight 0tt1cc.327 Market SL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
Ijw Steamers leave. Broadway
I'sllbji^. wharf, Sah Francisco:
w'S'.'^v&k. or Alaskan ports 10 a. m..
; *'s* !^3t i! *i Jan - fi - "• 16 - 21 - 26 - 3l - F( ' b -
i jp. p'tjsVcJa 6. Change to company' ssteam-
jrSraßQ «BI ers at Seattle.
\ K^Ot-s^lMl " For Victoria, Vancouver
Ir^^iij^^^ (B. C). Port Town«en-J. S«at-
tie, Tacozna. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Wftatcom
(Wash.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 6.
11. 16 21 28, 31. Feb. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter; change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y.; at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y-: at Vancouver to C. P. R'y..
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Jan.
9. 14, 19. 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Ea«t San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
a. m., Jan. 7. 11. 15. 19, 23. 27. 31, Feb. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Pert Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa. Barbara. Port
' Los Angeles and Redondo <Los Amreles). 11 a.
m., Jan. 5. 9. 13, 17, 21. 25. 23. Feb. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mairdaler.a Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.).- 10 a. m,. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder. ¦ '• ' r
The company reserves the right to cnann
j f'»amers, salllnß dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET UPFICK —4 New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Affts.,
10 Market St.. Pan Franclsca
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO '
:p o :r t :l .a.3st:d
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. to.
CADE £12 First Class Including Berth
IfiUL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 8. IS. 28; Feb. 2, 12
ETATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
_.Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 7, 17
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
* E. C WARD, General Agent.
63d Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Snpertntendents. i
AMERICAN LINE.
HSW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LOMDOIi, PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
I From New Yd>k every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Jan. 17ISt. Paul Feb. 7
New York Jan. 84 New York- Feb. 14
St_ Lout*. Jan. SllSt. LauU ...Fs*» H
RED STAR LINE. \
New York and Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon, i
Arasronla .• Jan. 17 IWesternland. Feb. 7
Frlesland Jan. 24 1 Kenstngton Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 31 INoordland Feb. 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT,
30 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.' "
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONQ. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong .with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of palling.
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. U
NIPPON MARU. Friday, Feb. »
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent. .
PERSOXALS.
A^IERICAN"wonTan wishes position as house-
keeper fur club of gentlemen or Fmall private
futnlly; excellent oook; authentic city refer-
ence. A. E. F., 1129 Uush tt. ¦_ : __
ELLEN O'DONNELL having left my bed and
board. I, MICHAEL O'DONNELL. will not
be responsible for debts contracted by her.
Should she wish to come hon:e she can do so.
7 Bnrefca et. |
FARALTSIS~ and all nervous diseases and to <
which lead rssiftcation. thieKenins. contracted i
muscles and etifT J.v.nts. cured. Hard tumors
and a!l abnormal fnlanrernerts. LRdiep who i
have been unsuccessfully treated com* to me.
Rheumatism in all forms. Sk<n diseases, scrof- |
tla. prsena and all skin diFeases in Iheirmos-t
loathsome [era. consumption ar.d all lung dls-
all old landing chronic diseases where
doctor* and medicine have tjiled. No druff". !
No knife Different from any other treatment.
«atl or write as tor references and form of
treatment, fonsultstion free. I>r. L. J. Strat- !
tun's Sanitarium. .ViT. SOS anl sCS Parrot t build-
in. Baa Fraßdaca <over the Kmporium).
IF.tcii u« twttand with rheumatism or kidney
trouble call at 37 Powell st. and get a free
Fanijl.- of Dr. Craig' s Rheumatic Cure; It
positively cure*.
RAG carzwU wove to order end for sale; also
rh' • -i!e-«ove russ, eilk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowam.
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 7»9 Fifth. Oakland.
*DR. SCHIUMAN has removed to 14 McAllister
Ft., telephone Jessie 281.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. U. RAY, 113 Eddy st.
LEDEREE'S Quintonica is a perfect hair tonic.
ST>c bot.; Lfderer'! 1 Foamo fchampoo ha« no
equal. Be rkg: Lfderer uses no other.l 23 Stktn.
JOHN I>. BOQJCK. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, ar.d Copyright
No. 1. -I Putter et.. Laws a. Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. [American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
I .' iERER is par excellctice. the hairdresser of
San Francisco: latest styles only, 25c: mani-
curSnp. 25c; maf-facir.g, $1: good switches, $1; I
fine. $2 SO; open Pun.. S to 12 a. m. 123 Stktn.
.A FINE suit to order $10 75. or pants $3 75; our '
Eserialty ;:i remnants allows us to sell cheaper
than ready made. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market et..
bet. Ttb and Sth. jirop. One-price Tailoring
Co.: .'C2 Kearny st.. near Sscto; also 1t.44 Mar-
ket ft., under Ft. Nicholas.
¦F'liFH'S sweepers are the best and cheapest.
AH kindr- repaired an( j f or sale at 342 Sutter.
JFOH ten day*, photos jr'.ven Uaxter can be re-
covered. Address 104 Ninth Ft.
GULDEN Gate Oyster ar.J Chop House: oysters
nv.y style. !>A MITRES BAHOSIP. 2' Ninth.
ELECTRIC lights In every loom: Winchester i
Hotel. 44 Tt-.ird St.. near Market: '?0 room*;
ESe to $1 50 per night; $1 M to 56 i>er week;
tree 'bus and bageape to and from th* Jerry.
READING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turr.ers- rr.ake-up ar.d w!cs: country orders so-
llcited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 723 Market ft.
IF >¦ v srisfa full value fcr your cast-off cloth-
ing call or. B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAX buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tool*,
carpets, old pold: send fcr him. IPS Kearny.
SJEST price for cast-oft clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. !C3 Third Ft.: st.il postal.
SUXtSCTtKK CO.. hp.'.r specialists, itrow hair
cr no par: bnrk fcr ftarap. 6 Eddy et.
•Wanted— old Kcid for masnr*. o. nolte.
jrwder. "MS O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
CTAMMICHING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
ICHKAPHST ar.d b*st in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
VnUel States or Canada one year for $1.
fretacc ;an.
lii: \l. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
irCTION OF INVESTM ENt, RESIDENCE
AND I'NIMPROVEP PROPERTY.
:*T SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY ST..
MONDAY. JANUARY 15. 1900.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
J. H. MEDAL* ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Dolcres st., east line, 91:3 ft, north of 24th St.;
Choice residence lot; 30:€xll7:6; subject to con-
finr.atlon by court.
R. H. MONCK ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
The two following properties, subject to con-
Crmation by the court:
No. 1.
11*3-5-7-8 Folsom St.. southeast corner of Har-
frison aye.. between 7th and Sth sts. ; two two-
etory houses of 6 rooms each; aleo store and flat
of 6 rooms adjoining; rents $7K i.O per month;
fcoth streets accepted by the city; lot rJt'i7s.
No. 2.
Prospect aye., northwest line, 105 ft. north-
C-: : of Alabama St.; lot 20x100.
TURK STREET RESIDENCE.
If-06 Turk Ft., couth line, near Pierce St.; cozy
fcay-windew house of 7 rooms and bath; nice
garden; bnck foundation; etone walk, etc.; lot
£7;«xS£.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
225-11-".7 and li li.th St., south line, near Noe
Cl.; 4 bay-window fiats of s> and 6 rooms, bath
«ach; r« nts ?>>s per month; brick foundation;
•tone walk: strwt bituinlcized and accepted by
tiie city: lot I^xss.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
IC3) McAllister st.. north line, near Parker
fcve. ; bay-window cottage of S rooms and bath;
Hot SSX&-&.
MISSION COTTAGE.
112 Vicksbur^ st., west line, between Church
«rsd Sanchez, Z2d and 24th sta.: bay-window
«ou&ge ot 6 rooms and bath; brick toundatlon.
«tc. ; Etable in rear lor 3 horses; lot £5x117:6 to
aUley.
MISSION COTTAGE.
«'T6 IHh et., north line, near Castro St.; bay-
V-indow cc.ttase <jE : rooms and bath; large
I^ateim-nt; lot 30x75.
CHATTANOOGA STREET LOT.
Chatth.ni>oKa Ft., west line. li 2 ft. north of
S£d et. ; lot DCxl.i.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Dclcres, 2ith and Fair Oaks sts. ; 19 choice
residence lots, located In the warm belt of the
"ili^fior. ; flr.e view; easy terms.
for further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. LilliSEX & CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st_
SECL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you doubt the prosperity cf Saa Francisco
•powl
CUR BARGAINS IN 6UKSET AND RICH-
MOND.
Ssoo— 9Ul aye., bet. M and Nets.;N ets.; traded and
sewered. . .
$eSft—9tb aye., bet. X and L sts.; graded and
l-fviered.
mo— £th and Sth ayes.. bet. J and X sts.;
l^d ar.d eewerr-d.
i'£& to S4OG — Near 19th-ave. boulevard, oppo-
site Strawberry Hill.
|4«M:LEMEKT ST.. NEAR 22D AYE.
%t~/>— mn aye.. near Point Lobos aye. and
?wulevard: graded.
J7OO to $ioo— Choicest lots; east of 12th ay«.
$75 to $190— Level; Ocean boulevard and Mls-
•rton at, lots; near electric cars; all on ln-
*tE.nrnents.
Sunday nnd every day et branch office, 9th
*nve. *jid H Ft.
CaJl for Marjs and Diagrams.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER. Crocker bids;.
$37."fr- LOT and !-rtory brick house; runny side
South Perk, cpar Third st. ; 8 rooms; also
larpo *hop in rear yard. By WM. HEN-
imiCKSPX & CO.. Cl 4 Call building.
NEW cottage*, houses and flats for sale on
Pierce and Waller ets.. near Haight: over 30
hou»'fl told in came block. Terms to suit by
F. NKLSON. builder.
LOVELY <«xir>3 lot "n Stockton et.. cheap, by
owivt, 7,4 P.ush st.
FOR rale— Oeap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms;
latent improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
CaFtro-fet. cars; patent Eidewalk.
CIIEAPi:ST~ana bfst In Amerlca-The Weekly
'"all, 16 papps, tent to aar address in the
United States or Canada cne year for $1,
post are r>ei<l.
REAL ESTATE COLKTRV For Sale
A LIST OF SPECIAL BARGAINS— When
pending for rry CATALOGUK always etate
Ebciut what is wanted— amount to invert, etc.
I'll then aiio fumieh a r peclally prepared list
of "SNAP" tsarcains — near what you want,
not in catalcg-ue. While I mi-ke a special
feature of NAPA and RONOMA county
j.'aces. I'm personally acquainted with over
SOW rarxli's for Faie and exchange In Cali-
fornia— more th.-.n any ether ten agents In
ttbe State. I travel nearly ell the time, In-
*-l<*ctiii(t country property.
N. D. SICKELS. the LAND AGENT
10 Geary at., opposite Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
6A . N * T , A , Valley fruit, farming and
etock lands; owners sale in tracts of 6 to 600
acres; easy terms, or will exchange for San
FranOco property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and G. C. VACHKLL. 20 Montgomery
¦St.. between 11 a. ra. and 2 p, m. dally. -
TKS. 13 per acre up: farm ll«; free fare M
CnTFFEK. 71* M»rket Bt.. »*ar <~»1! building
KILLBIIAE lot* nr>d block*: fenced- water
works. PT-TTKRFir-LP. 1-27 Market 'st.
RA>CH TO LET.
FOR rent— Ranch of 10 acres. wioTho^e' and
barns; Fuitab'e for milk or chicken ranch-
runnlmr Ftream of water: back of Glen Park'
Inquire JOO.ST BROS.. Mission and Eleventh
tU., cr Corbctt road, Sunnyslde Saloon.
REAL 3STATE CITY — FOR SALES.
AT^T«>ECK~i~Co! "~667 MARKET^ST.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS.
A— tliO.000; grand buy; near Chronicle; rents
$SIS net. " ¦ ¦ . •
A— s7. r ,,000; rents $4000 per year; 60-foot corner, ¦
near Ttvoli. ' . . .-
A— s.">.Coo; fire buy; 4-story brick: near -Or-
pheurn; lot 36 feet front; all rented.
A— <4S.OOO; rents $4000 per year; Slxth-st cor.
A— WI.COO; business property; rents f^o; new
buiW'nc.
A— t2- : i,oon : rents $200; new; all rented.
A— sir.:»oo; rents $135; corner on Leavenworth
et.; mortpase $12,000.
A— fi;.r«O: rents $100; business property; near
Hale's c-tore.
A— s7.V»; rents $75; 3 elegant flats; nr.. Haight.
A— 50000; tents $€0; Post et.: 3 nice flats.
A— J4.",00; rents $40; California Bt.; 3 good flats.
ROOMS Milt -till >KKt.£:riMj.
BUSH, M*6— Two Funny front rooms; furnished
for llcht housekeeping; adults only. -_
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnl»hed
rooms; yard; water: rear: rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and tubscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fillmore st.
FIFTH, 119— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; flat 2. ¦ .- .
GEARY. C7s— Front parlor and kitchen; private
family; reasonable. ! ¦
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1410— Finely furnished
floor; complete; sun, bath, yard.
HYPE. 40S-|Funny suite, furnished, housekeep-
ing; basement; yard; $14; also single room.
JEPSIE, 3T3. near Mint— Two furnished front
rocms. $5 and $6.
MCALLISTER. £7»— Private family: newly fur-
nished sunny front room for gentleman.
MISSION, 1301— Front room and kitchen; also
one $3.
POWELL. BIO — A pleasant sunny room, with
running water; light housekeeping If desired.
STOCKTON, 71!— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping. $7 to $S a month: other cheap rwms.
THREE or four neatly furnished sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping; In private, modern
house. Address box 4277. Call office.
THREE furnished rooms; $13; stove. 18 Lewis.
. off Taylor, near Post.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
E.t 1213 Polk st.; open until 9 r. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubpcr'.pticns has been established at 1096 Va-
lercia et_
A P-RANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fuliscriiitlons has been established at the
northv.eiit corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tts.; rcen until 9 p. m.
ROOMS TO LET — Kuril, and I'nfnrn.
A^^B^lU^SVv^cirnH^S^rT^^i^b^^oms
Jsc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike hcuse; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms ttc to $1 60 day. MUS. J. KING.
AUSTIN aye.. 102. near Polk St.— Large suriny
front room; furnished.
BI'RNF.TT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, eingle: also unfurnished.
CALIFORNLV. 1406— Nice Eunny bay-window
rmm, suitable for two gentlemen; gas and
use of bath^
CARROLTON, 120 C Market, cor. Golden Gats
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EDDT, 510— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, from
$6 to $15. to irentlemen.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTEENTH. 1570, near Mission— Furnished
rocms to rent.
FRANKLIN. Eo3— Sunny front room, bath, gas
and board, $4 week; private family.
GIRARD House. IS2 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms: day cr week; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission st*.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
cingle: ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HAIGHT. ICO— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rcoming houte; $1 £0 to tt per week. ¦
HAVES. 136, cor. Van Ness— Single sunny room,
furnished. $6.
HOWARD, 715— 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, S29— Clean, respectable: 25c-$l per
night; ,l-$3 per week; Howard cars to door.
HOWARD and Main, NE. corner— Two sunny,
newly furnished rooms; bath; $5 month each.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window rocm, $1 pvr week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wlc. mo.
O'FARRELL. 327— Single sunny room, with
larce closet, $6 per month.
O'FAKRELL, Eo4— Furnished suite; sunny rea-
sonable: to gentlemen.
ROSEDALE. 311 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
25c a night; $1 a week; transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis et.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lcr; rooms, per night, Joe to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8: month, $$ to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks, 113 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
VAN NESS aye.. 80S— Elegant suites, single
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubftoriptlons has been established at ICS6 Va-
lencia Et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubsriiptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tirrky Ms.: nti«n till fn.ni..
ROOMS WASTED.
IN return for lessons In bookkeeping, short-
hand, English, French -or Latin. Box 4260,
Call office. . :
SEWING MACHINES AM) SUPPLIES.
$Z MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 14S Sixth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrine at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
storage: axo warehouses.
PIiItCE^RUDOLPH Storac^^aiiT^Moving^Cor
Office. 401 Post et.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713
WATCH IIEPAiniNG.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 640 Kearny.
SPECIAL NOTICE'S. ~
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives no-
tice that the following orphans and half or-
phans have been received into the orphanage
from July Ito December 81, 1593: May Thorn,
3 yrs. 1 mo. ; Jennie Hussenot, 8 yrs. ; Amelia
Hussenot, 2 yrs. 6 mo. ; Isabella Mills, 4 yrs.
7 mo.;. Anita Roadlet. 2 yrs.; Virginia Klrby,
4 yr?. 1 mo.; Annie Kearney, S yrs. I mo.;
Annie Farren. 8 yrs.; Nellie Farren, S yrs. i
mo.; Helena Griphen, 2 yrs'4 mo.; Ellsa Bar-
dlnpka. S yrs. 2 mo.; Johanna Daley, 10 yrs.;
Mary Daley, 9 yrs.; Martha Valient, 6 yrs.;
Alice Valient. 3 yrs.: Anneta Alviso, 6. yrs<;
Geneva, Alviso. 9 yr6. ; Gadulupe Alviso, 8
yrs. ; Antonia Huscenot, 6 yrs. ; Albert Kear-
r.cy. « yrs. 8 mo.; Willie Farren, I yrs. 1 mo.;
Gerald Gritihen, 5 yrs. 6 mo. ; Charles Foun-
tain, « yrs. 7 mo. ; Howard Jenkins, 5 yr». ;
Joseph BtDderick. 2 yrs. 5 mo.; Celia Basana,
6 yr«. : Irene Basana, 4 yrs. ¦-- '
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, 1898, to Decem-
ber 31, ISSS: Arthur Vanler. 5 years; Charles
Vanler. 3; Frank Cryne, 4; Mary Canessa, 5V4;
Peter Canes Fa. 3*4; Joseph Burns, 3 5-6; Ger-
tie Mclaughlin. 3 5-«: Pauline Bmlth. 5; Isa-
bel Smith. 2; Peter Rellly, 5; Gertie Bergln,
2: Chri>tlr.e Barney. 2^; Fred Wlikie, 3;
Frank Maprulre. 2 5-12; Mary Mulcahy, 3; An-
nita Greenwood. 2; Laurence Bank, 24; Johh
Bergln. 3; Francis Tarantlno, 3: William Mnf-
fatt. «; Mary MrClellan. 6: Fred 6uU, 2*4;
Charles Sulz, 1 1-3; Rose Herbert. 5.
NOTICE i« hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of f.20 Lake st. has received the
following orphan, half-orphan and aban-
doned girls- from October 1, IS9S. to January
1, IS00: Nettle Moore, aged 12 _years; Cecil e
H. Williamson, aged 11 years; Irene Bennet,
aged 11 year*: Vera C. Faber. aced 9 years;
'Georgie. C Faber. aged 4 years; Bessie I.
L*e., aged 7 ycan>; Mabel J. Lee, aged 6 years;
Frances M. Kane, aired 2 years- Emily Johns-
ton, eged 5 years; Dorothea Johnston, aged
18 tmnths. . ¦ . ;"
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliablej take no other;
•end 4e etamp* for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," in letter by return Trull; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
ROOMS papered from $J; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection* made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
PROPOSALS.
u7s. ENGINEER Office. Flood bundlrwrTsan
Francisco.- Cal.. January 4. 1000— Sealed pro-
posals for erecting double draw-span bridge,
approaches thereto and piers therefor, across
tidal canal at Fruitvale aye., near Alameda.
Cal.. will be received here until 12 noon, Feb-
ruary 10. 1900. Information on application.
W. H, HEUER, Major, Engineers.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA. REAL ESTATE.
$1450— LOT 26x125; cottage 5 rooms and bath;
street work done; easy terms. • •
$2200 — Lot 50x143; fine cottage; 5 large rooms
and bath; worth $3500; only $100 cash, balance
$20 per month: great snap.
$3000— Lot 40x150; Morton st.,- between rail-
roads; near station und school; handsome new
cottage of 7 rooms and bath; J5OO and $15 per
month.
$2230— L0t 35x130; 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; Alameda aye., near Morton-st. station;
easy terms.
$35fO— Lot -40xl£0: fine new 2-story house, 8
rooms and bath; Morton st.. near stations and
schools; $500 cash, balance $30 per month.
$3CO0 — Lot "5x150; on main avenue;- cottage
8 rooms and bath; treat bargain. »'
Housws to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park St.. Alameda. Cal.
A HOME— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Sr..
1490 Webster st.. Alameda. ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY ROOMS.
"THE PLEARANTON," 2632 Durant aye.. near
university— Rooms with or without board;
young ladles preferred.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$50 CASH, $S 50 monthly- till paid for; chicken
run, 150x256; sandy loam soil; plenty of good
water; level land; site, climate and soil the
best: ro fogs or cold winds; 3 buildings now
completed: Westall tract, adjoining East Oak-
land, close to electric car line, 90-foot boule-
vard aad fiive- school; price, all told, $590; call
or send fcr circular, 455 Seventh Bt., near'
corner Broadway. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
$4000— FOR 3 houses and lots, each with 5
rooms and bath, with the latest improve-
ments; strictly up-to-date;- Al neighborhood;
street work complete; all conveniences; near
to pchools, cars, stores, etc. ; permanent ten-
ants: big interest on' the money invested;
bank mortgage $3000: seeing: is believing; call
early. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land.
$3SOO BUYS a $6000 business property on San
Pablo aye.: stores and flats and a larpe lot,
with private waterworks; mortß^ijje $2500: can
remain; a rare bargain for business prop-
erty; Investigate. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland.
THE firet-class, old-established business; good
reasons for selling; rare chance. E. E.
BVNCE. M>B Broadway. Oakland.
;e;OO— WILL sell quick for $4200; fine corner
residence: lot 45x175: 9 'rooms: up to date,
E E. BUNCK. SOU Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND r'UnXITCKE FOR SALU.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th ami Franklin. Oakland.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES".
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business,
227 Market et.. San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 18th day
cf December. 1599. an assessment (No. ")} of
one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital Ftock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January,
1900, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment Is
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February. 1900. to pay the delinquent assess- \
ment. together with coets of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUO. Secretary.
327 Market st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 75 (23c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company. No. 327 Market St.. en
end after Saturday. January 20, 1900. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January 13,
1900, at J2 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 (25 cents per
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 227 Market st., on and after Monday,
January 15, 1900. Transfer books will clos»
on Tuesday, January 9, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of S3n Francisco— At a regular meeting of the
board of directors of this bank, held January
I. 1900. a dividend was declared for the half
year ending December 31, 1829, at the rate of
eeven (7) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 16th inst. Transfer books will
be cloeed from the 10th to the 15th inst., both
days inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January I. 1500.
MABRIAQE LICENSES. ~
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John Moran. 3V 1019 McAllister street, and
Elizabeth Moore, 23, 1912 McAllister street.
Bert P. Knight, 21, 2554 Greenwich street, and
Mary M. R. Campi, 21, IS2I Fifteenth street.
Harry Wilson, 43, Eureka, Humboldt County,
and Ida' Iso, 28, city.
Morris Barron, 30, city, and Ella E. Ottln-
ger. 27, city.
Albert Kaelin, HI, 159 Seventh street, and
Ellsa Krebser. 40, 159 Seventh street.
Allison F. Byer, 41, Byron, Contra Costa
County, and Amand F. Myers, 33, Lathrop.
Albrecht J. Bramstedt, 23, 205 Sanchez street,
and Dollle G. Herbst, 21, 2308 Bryant street.
James M. Gleaves Jr., 23. 1914 Lyon street,
and Lilian McDonald, 22. 695 Geary street.
John F. Wight, 24. 66 Jackson Street, and
Mary E. Kinear, 19, 66 Jackson street.
George S. Grant, 25, city, and Agnes R.
Northrup, 25, city.
Axel E. Anderson, 30, 2734 Twenty-fourth
street, and Katie Frey, 20, 1109% York street.
Stewart McClure, 47, city, and Frances B.
Mantl, 34, city. „ ¦ '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— EEATfI&~
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted.. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GEFKEN— In this city, December 1L 1599, to
the wife of 11. Gefken, a daughter.
CUHRAN — In this city, January 4, 1900, to the
wife of E. Curran, a son.
RAFFETTO— In this city. January 6, 1900, to
the wife of John Raffetto, a daughter.
MARRIED.
RICIITER— TUBB— In this city, December 19.
1539. by the Rev. J. H. Warren, Adolph Rlch-
ter and Penelope V. Tubb, both of San Fran-
clsco.
_____
Bent, Gustav McDermott. James
Bluth, Adolph " Malech. Dr. G. H.
Browne, Eliza O'Connell, Daniel A.
Conklln. William H. Plckett. Margaret
• De Sousa, Jose G. Pownlng, Grace
Davis. Pauline Quirk, Minnie J.
Easson, Margaret Rode, George H.
Ferguson. Kenneth Severena, Sister Maria
Grant, Henry F. Stensland, Mary
Grasell, Mrs. Ollle Strebinger, Terese
Kellett. Richard Wieland. Frances
Kerr. Thomas P. Wilberg, Theresa A.
Lassalla, Mary D, Zussman. Blanche
McCloskey. John
BERG— In this city, January 10, 1900, Gustav
Berg, a native of Germany, aged 50 years.
(C>"Remalns at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, C36- Washington street..
BLUTH— In Oakland, January 7, 1900, Adolph
Bluth, a native of Germany, aged 35 years. A
member of the German Krleger Vereln.
(C7'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. P. Potersen & Co.. 228 McAl-
lls-ter street, thence to B'nnl B'rlth Hall. 121
'Eddy street, where funeral services will be
held under the auspices of the German Krle-
ger Verein. commencing at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery..
BROWNE— In thin city, January 9. 1900, Eliza,
beloved wife of William Browne, nnd mother
of W. Frank Browne and Mrs. Minnie Fellers
of Arcat&, a native of England, aged 59 years
C months and 21 days. (San Rafael and Santa.
Rosa papers please copy.)
C_rFclends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at l:S0 o'clock, from Epworth M.
E. Church, corner Twenty-sixth and Church
stre?ts. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by carriage. Remains at the funeral parlors
of Charles H. Jacob & Co., 318 Mason street,
between Geary and O'Farrell. r.vO:
CONKLIN— In Stockton. Cal., January 7. 1900,
William H. Conklln. beloved husband of
SUsan Conklln, and father of Andrew Conk-
lln and Mra. May Ritchie, a. native of Illi-
nois, aired 66 years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at _ o'clock, in the
chapel at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city. January 8, 1900, Pauline,
beloved wife of Max. Davis, and mother of
Mrs. Je3se Newbauer and L*o. Sylvian and
Alvin Davln, a native of Salem, Or., .aged
kiLNRYd. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Buccessors to FlannasT*- — Qall%?tt«~), - .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALJdEr.3,
til I'Uth st., opposite L \nc3la debuai* ; -
Telepnont BouJi 80. ,
11BLYTHE ESTATE
HAS BORROWED
$1,000,000
Money Raised to Pay
Pressing Claims.
On* million dollars In cash has passed
into the hands of Mrs. Florence Blythe-
Hlnckley-Moore and her husband, for the
loan of which they have given a mortgage
on nearly all of the Blythe estate in this
city.
A mortgage was recorded last evening
at the City Hall by the terms of which
the United States Mortgage and Trust
Company of New York loaned $1,000,000
to Mr. and Mrs. Atoore, taking as security
all the land originally owned by the late
Thomas H. Blythe with the piece pur
chased last week by the Mutual Savings
Bank. The document required war rev
enue stamps to the amount of $500.
The floating of. the loan is the continua
tion of the plan outlined by Mr. and Mrs.
A. A. Moore and their attorneys several
weeks ago. It was then decided to raisy
enough money by mortgage to pay oft all
the claims and minor mortgages against
the estate and to improve that portion of
the property which it was considered de
sirable not to sell outright. The money
Just received by Mrs. Moore will be used
to pay all the attorneys who have claims
against the estate, to eettle all compro
mises and to pay all other outstanding
Indebtedness.
Simultaneously with the filing of the
mortgage there was also recorded an at
tachment against tha property for $25,000
on behalf of the Tevis estate. This amount
is claimed by the Tevis heirs on a note
held by the estate, but the validity of
which has never been admitted by the
Blythe estate or determined In court It
was filed by the Tevis , heirs to protect
their rights and will ultimately be dis
posed of in the courts unless a compro
mise should be effected.
The legal work connected with the big
transfers and mortgage of J the . Blythe
property has been transacted by Attor
neys Gunnison. Booth & Bartnett. ."Big
Improvements will at once be commenced
by Mr. and Mrs. Moore," said Attorney
Bartnett yesterday. "The property lying
east of Brook street, which is the little
alley running from Market to Geary street,
will be sold and the ready money now in
the hands of the heir will be used. to im
prove the property between the alley and
Grant avenue. This section of the prop
erty will not be disposed of, but the
Moores will erect some buildings that
will b© a credit to the center of the city."
Hales. | Hales. \ Hale*.
a v»^c&i 4350 y ards of p |ain and moire No - s«Peryard»5 «P er y ard » *
T "Cdl taffeta all-silk ribbon in a broken No. 7, per yard, 5C
IdiKKam assortment of colors, we're closing No. 9, per yard, TC J*
]| I IUUUiI ou t these broken lines— that's why No. 12, per yard, 7C £
I ftAHii/>f inno they are reduced, better come this No. 16, per yard, 10c
* I WllUwlHjno morning if you want your pick of No. 40, per yard, ISC
* the colors. , No. 60, per yard, ITC *
| sale of wraps continues |
t? xs^v^ 'adtes* black Jackets, In boucle, ladiCS' t\VO-tOIIC " /Zf£j£k £Z
*^ /&J?S>^ kersey and melton cloths, some - - - - . JC^^^r ~
4* J§§G fl ? fronts » some double-breasted DOUCIe jacket, W<^'^@ &
ZL /fcj^fyT 1 w * th d ee P revers, while others , « . ? . t . TV •»
4* V@&W are single-breasted that button four - button double - breasted, H*/ *T
£l vfcSsSr ap to neck; some are lined turn-down collar, lined with a
throughout, others only faced; changeable silk, perfect fitting; /t-^&cV T
•& y^-St^X the y were sold la *t season at sizes 32 to 40, reduced from &<£M&± +5*
«i ; !i®Hß duc°Sifo s °.. a . nd ... $ If::.^ 2 . rr 4 5 - $sooto "- ? |8 *
f a clean-up M*§o! t
•*" W\4>/i at stock-taking we reduced sev- • l«^lr*»+c PuwFi
4* * ;t fei £&. era . ! li%nes of p°p ular su . its ; t! s h t- jacKcifc* VnSsF^ #•
S \sfa §?^ S tti v? f v fly fl°f I°" ts ' sL^- but . ton ' colors and black, consisting of Vif^Si^
<& .double-breasted; in good colors, kerseys meltons and boucles, V\ A'r-Q *
A ' . * such as, brown, dark gray and * silk . lined throughout, .^»-* «£»
2[ blue mixtures; all new styles others nI lined dou ble- .+£?
TJ ¦ ¦ . throughout and nicely tailored; breasted and fly fronts predomi- _ a»
000 these suits are worthy of inspection; sues 34 to 42; natin . mostl / heavy weights; /7?1» TN T
they are reduced to ? 12.50 and ?10.00 all si f c ' s; redl ? ced f rom $ io .oo. flL&l &
A r-r 4 + , , ?, $12.00 and $15.00 to $6.75 VS§^/
t A\ -f^f— l f>| #^fl warm and healthy Q|l - f ji
* *~* K * f^ lw clothing for the special sale ">tL^ %
% ten ft bbay*b y* the ceie " of wool waists /vMnflvX %
T *^* ** brated Arnold knit i adies ' plain and fancy wool / I * i ° .' K\ 3[
t? 4~Tf*^**r^J~i #^ goods have revolu- waists, in navy blue black, red II ' L\
4+ JLJ JUsl?^ f. • 1 -.. , and green, some nicely trimmed/ 1 • fcf / ??•
g^^^^-^^*^-* tionized the under- i n braid, vyhile others are em- V». . JT I
t? wear of women and children. see these broidered in white down front: V- <X\\ «- /W tT
Si. , f.. , ...... , . they are made of good quality of X \X^g</x ?&•
"|f wonderful goods On exhibition at OUr under- twill flannel and are reduced \r j*
V wear department from $1.00 and $1.25 to 69c 7 1 t|*
A. v ¦ all sizes— 32 to 44.
•*• sksßßSsssfß^BsaHawa - _ mmmmmmmmm^mm mm
Jj£ I I 935. 937. 939, 9^+l, 9-4-3. 9"tS. 9*4-7 Market St. | +£»
Petitions in Insolvency.
Walter M. Tilton, 618 Capp street, San
Francisco; liabilities, $525 24; no asstits;
Aaron Yehl, individually, and doing busi
ness under the firm name and style of
National Cloak and Suit Company, at 115
Grant avenue. San Francisco; liabilities,
_JH00; assets (stock and fixtures). $2800.
Dr. Parker"* Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists.
PIONEER PHYSICIAN DIES.
Dr. Gustavo Herman Malech, .an
Early Settler, Succumbs to
Sickness.
Dr. Gustav Herman Malech, a well
known pioneer physician of this State.'
died yesterday at his home in this; city.
In the early days Dr. Malech settled In
San Jose and won distinction there as a
physician of no mean ability. He was a
prominent Odd Fellow, as well as a mem
ber of other fraternal organizations.
Dr. Malech leaves three sons and a
daughter to mourn his death— Dr. Herman
F. Malech, Theodore G. Malech, John
George Malech and Mrs. William F.
Clark.
Physicians recommend Jesse Moore "AA"
whiskey because they know of Its purity.
COLONY WILL PROBABLY
MOVE INTO THIS STATE
OBJECT THAT HAS BROUGHT
THREE RUSSIANS HERE.
As was predicted by The Call, the ob
ject of the visit of the three distinguished
Russians who registered at the Russ
House Tuesday has turned out to be a
colonization scheme, and one of consider
able magnitude at that,
i At Assinibone, Canada, there Is located
a colony of between 7000 and 8000 Rus
slons who emigrated there for the purposa
of entering into agricultural pursuits. The
land was sold to them by the Canadian
Pacific Railway, and, at the time they
bought It, It was represented as being
splendidly adapted to the usages to which
they intended putting It. The colonists
have since discovered that It thaws to
only about four feet below the surface
and consequently Is absolutely worthless
for farming when compared to the more
fertile soil that lies under the milder Cal
ifornia skies.
Mr. Bodyansky and his two companions
have been delegated by the colony to act
as its agents, travel through Oregon and
California, and look for some spot more
suited to their needs. . This is the reason
of their coming here; this is the reason
that sent them off yesterday on a tour
of the southern part of the State, and thiq
Is the reason they have been shown tfo
much attention by W. H. Mills, who is
trying to hand them a little of the big cor
poration's surplus land at so much per
acre.
At Chico, on their way down to this
city, the party was met by General and
Mrs. Bidwell. who drove them over the
Rancho Chico. Eight thousand acres of
this ranch are for sale, and despite the
water with which It was covered, it im
pressed the Russians very favorably.
The party will be gone a week or ten
days on their tour of inspection of South
ern California, and will return to this city
before proceeding home.
MISS FORMAN WEDS.
ARTHUR J. BRANDER
At noon yesterday In the presence of a
limited number of friends only Miss Gert
rude Fonnan and Arthur J. Brander were
married. Father Varsi officiating. The
wedding was celebrated at the home of
James V. Coleman. godfather of the
charming bride. The bride was attended
by MSfs Grace Sprc-ci;els>. who officiated
G8 maid of honor. John P. Redington was
t>est man. After the ceremony a wedding
breakfast was Ferved. at which covers
Trere laid for twenty-four.
Mr. and Mrs. Brander left last evening
for Southern California, where the honev
jnoon will be spent. They expect to re
snain only a short time amid the orange
proves and will return for a stay here
frefore leaving for Australia, where busi
ness will holfl Mr. Brander for some time
HOTEL NYMPHIA
IS RAIDED BY
SIXTY POLICE
Thirty-three Women
Arrested.
GAMBLERS TAKEN PRISONERS
ACTING CHIEF BIGGY LEADS
SQUAD TO CHINATOWN.
Acting Chief of Police Biggy at the head
of eleven sergeants and over sixty offi
cers raided gambling and opium joints
and highbinder dens, in Chinatown, and
the Hotel Nymphia last night. Doors,
which secluded wily fan-tan players from
public view, fell under the blows of heavy
hammers; fiends were aroused from their
poppy slumbers, women hustled out of
houses of 111-fame and three patrol
wagons kept busy transferring prisoners
to the Central and California Btreet po
lice stations.
At exactly 8 o'clock twenty 6quada of
three men each descended upon as many
heathen gambling Joints and forced an
entrance to the places. An attempt was
made to take the occupants of the dens
by surprise and the formalities of solicit
ing admission were dispensed with. Each
Bquad was armed with sledges, Jimmies
and bars and in a few seconds of time the
heavy French locks with which the doors
are secured were smashed and the offi
cers had rushed into the gambling apart
ments. In most cases the Chinese had
opportunity of disposing of incriminating
evidence by dumping the beans and chips
into large sewers prepared for that pur-,
pose, but a few of the places were cap
tured with the entire paraphernalia of the
game in use by the players. Altogether
about fifty Chinese were arrested for vis
iting gambling houses and locked up In
the California-street Station.
Chinatown . became wild with excite
ment. Hundreds of Chinamen scudded
to and fro and thousands congregated
about the places In which the police were
operating. A large squad of extra po
lice wa? called to keep the mobs In check.
Chief Biggy passed from one place to
another and directed where arrests
should be made. After he had finished
the gambling houses he raided the opium
dens and the highbinder headquarters.
At places where opium Is sold white
fiends as well as. Chinamen were sur
prised and hustled into the street. A cou
ple of hours were spent in searching the
headquarters of the Suey Sing Tong, one
of the factions in the highbinder war, on
Jackson street, near Kearny, in quest of
weapons which were supposed to have
been concealed there. The officers were
rewarded by recovering a number of
knives, pistols and other deadly weapons.
OLD OOM JOE'S
BOER FLAG IS
STILL FLUNG
An Admirer's Deed
Rewarded.
BIG CROWD WELL DRENCHED
?
BOYS MAKE A "BOUGH STBEET"
SOUTH OF THE SLOT.
"Hail, Britannia, Rule the Waves r
A patriotic Britisher, reeling about
three sheets to the windward under the
potent Influence of John Barleycorn,
burst Into that song last evening as he
was passing the corner of Tenth and Har
rison streets. Five words were all he ut
tered. He had more In his vocabulary,
but there came a rude interruption.
Glancing upward toward the pale orb
of night the patriotic Britisher saw some
thing that made him rub his eyes as if
emerging from a troubled sleep. He look
ed again. He was not mistaken— floating
to the breeze was a Boer flag. The Eng
lishman limbered up and went Into ac
tion. Shinning up the- flagpole with the
agility of a tar, ho grabbed hold of the
wire and tore It from Its fastenings. In
two minutes' time there was a "rough
street" in that vicinity that will in future
generations be pointed to with satisfac
tion by the loquacious oldtlmer.
On Tenth street, near Harrison, a shoe
maker named Joseph Skelton keeps a lit
tle shop. He is an Englishman, born and
bred. Last Saturday evening he was in
duced to attend the pro-Boer mass meet
ing at Metropolitan Temple, and since
then he swears by Oom Paul and all his
hosts. His was the Boer tlag, strung on
a wire, between his place of business and
a telegraph pole on the opposite corner,
near James McDermott's butcher shop,
and In order to testify further to the
pride the old man takes in "turning
down" the land of his birth, he has placed
a small sign over his door, with the in
scription "Oom Joe." By that namo he
is known to everybody In the neighbor
hood.
Skelton was away from home when the
flag came down, and reached the scene
Just In time to witness pandemonium.
The other Britisher had Just reached the
ground and started a paean of victory
when- he was pounced upon by half a
hundred jyoung boys, who banged him
about with a will. He was a fighter, and
the youngsters were falling right and
left when an adult or two took a hand
out of a pure desire for fun, and some
body blew a police whistle.
Just at this stage of the proceedings
"Oom Joe" reached the scene. He saw a
surging, scuffling crowd and his flag on
the ground. He didn't stop to think twice.
In his mind the crowd was associated
with the downfall of the flag of the little
South African republic and he Intended
to make somebody suffer. :
Running into the house he filled two
large buckets with water, and climbing
to the roof emptied one of them on the
crowd. Before the dripping and aston
ished victims could make another move
the second bucketful was dumped out
over them. Then there was a scattering
and in the confusion the escalading Brit
isher escaped without leaving his name
or street number. A sergeant of police
reached the corner In time to learn what
had happened. Skelton was permitted to
restore the flag to Its place without moles
tation.
"Oom Joe" Is etlll a hero, ' despite his
error, and the affair has furnished, the
neighborhood with plenty of food for hu
morous gossip.
The New Hartford Leaving Port on Her First Cruise.
In the same place deadly explosives were
found Tuesday night.
The Hotel Nymphia was then raided
and thirty-three women transferred to the
Central police station, where a charge of
vagrancy was placed against each. Biggy
has had officers on the premises for the
past week securing evidence, and the raid
was carefully planned. No resistance was
offered.
The names of the women under arrest
are: Lillian Dale, the landlady; Beulah
Williams. Dora Bell. Edna Roberts, May
Bell, Laura White, Fannie Wilson, Carrie
Dewey, Lillian Forest, May Russell, Kit
tle Rodgers, Freda Belmont, Nellie Held,
Dollle Ford, Carrie Thomas, Minnie Mc-
Laughlin, May Francis, May Allen, Lulu
Lockwood, Elsie Woods, Sadie McGowan,
Nellie Woods. Millfe Gabrielle, Millie
Blanche, Margaret Morgan, May Adams,
Addle Wilson. Ada Lemar, Mabel Morino,
May Smith, Gladys Lenard, Renle Adams,
Mirth Wilson and two Japanese women.
It is Biggy's intention to place two
squads in Chinatown permanently. For a
time he will continue to enter the houses
and keep them open so that no gambling
games can be conducted and a large de
tail of officers will be kept for that pur
ppse. The Hotel Nymphia will be raided
every eight and each occupant arrested.
The tong affairs are quiet. The settle
ment effected yesterday .still holds and It
is the opinion of many leading tong men
that peace reigns for all time between
the warring companies over the present
trouble. The police will, however, be
cautious and will not relax their vigilance
for some time. The Consul General de
nies that he was a wftness to the signing
of any articles of peace, which, by the
way, were. verbal and not written. The
arbitration committee will meet soon and
Its duty will be to settle upon an amount
of money to be paid by the Suey Sings to
the Hop Sings in compensation for the
men they lost while the trouble lasted.
Whether the Hop Sings will consent to
any monetary adjustment is still a mat
ter of conjecture.
TO DEFEND HER
HONOR SHE ASKS
LEAVE TO AMEND
Happersberger's Wife
Files Affidavit.
DENIES HIS ALLEGATIONS
CHARGES THE SCTJXPTOS WITH
EXTBEUE CRUELTY.
• Til ar.d unable to labor to sustain her
self and babies, Mrs. Evangeline Hap
jpcrsberger, wife of the sculptor whose
Igenlus produced the commemorative stat
uary group in City Hall Square, has filed
an application in the Superior Court for
¦alimony, pendente lite, In the sum of $230
¦i>. month.
A few weeks ago Mrs. Happersberger
Sled suit for divorce from her husband,
alleging willful neglect ac cause of ac
tion. Her husband retaliated by filing a
cross-complaint, charging her with infi
delity, following this by filing suit to re
voke a power of attorney he had given
Mrs. Happersberger, empowering her to
Bell the lamily Homestead and take pos
session of the proceeds.
In her affidavit accompanying the peti
tion for alimony. Mrs. Happersberger
alleges that during less than nine
years last past he has earned as
xhe emoluments of his art a Bum
tcxceeding $150,000. Continuing, she
alleges that after filing her suit for dl
•voree on the jrround of willful neglect he
appeared and. after denying her allega^
tions. made a cross-complaint, in which
he charged her with infidelity. This
charge, the says, in actuated by malice
and was made by the defendant with
out reasonable cause, ar.d is absolutely
ialse In letter and spirit and in general.
She pays also tliat the charge was not
made in good faith, but for the sole pur
•pofe of injuring her good name and repu-
Xation and to hurt her feelings.
Mrs. Hajipertberger next charges A. K.
Happersberger. her husband's attorney in
•fact, with naving verilied the complaint
\rtthout htr husband's knowledge or con
cent. She says that she was informed
iy her attorney. Hvn B. Hasktil, and be
lieves that en January 5, at the office of
2Jartln Stevens, attorney for the defend
ant. Haskell demanded of Stevens to
know upon what alleged Information the
charge was made and whether it was pre
ferred at the direction of the defendant
or at the direction of A. K. Happersber
ger without the defendant's consent, but
Stevens refused to give any information
and refused to state whether or not the
defendant sanctioned the filing of the
charge of intidelity againßt the wife.
Here Mrs. liapptrsberger's affidavit be
flns to gex. warm. Before commencing
er suit for divorce, she says, she ex
plained all of her marital relations with
the defendant to her attorney and was
advised by him that she had grounds of
action for divorce against him upon the
several grounds of willful neglect and ex
treme cruelty.
"Owing: to the revolting: details of my
husband's conduct toward me." she says,
"and for the sake of the children, to pre»
vent public scandal and also to the fact
that prior to defendant's departure for
Jv'ew York he advised me that I was en
titled to a divorce on the ground of will
ful neglect, and under the advice of coun
sel 1 nude but the one allegation — neglect.
"Since the tiling of the cross-complaint
charjrlng me with the Infamous crime of
adultery, and for my own honor and pro
tection and to Insure the granting of a
divorce, I can no longer shield the defend
ant by remaining silent as to bis cruel
conduct toward me, and hence I will file
an amended comp'.aint and incorporate
the allegation of cruelty."
Lire. Happersberger. continuing, 6avs
that from October, IS3S. to October. 1£&.
*he was compelled to work for wages In
order to support herself and children. In
October fhe was taken 111 and has since
been unable to do any xvork. Her hus»
band's suit to revoke her power of attor
ney, granting her the right to sell net
homc-nead, ehe pays, was also actuated by
malice and she avers that he told her that
Fhe could keep the proceeds of the sale
after she had paid a not» jriven by him to
"William J. Barlape for the sum of J250.
Ehe further avers that he sued her for the
purpose of causing her extra expense,
vhile he remained outride the Jurisdiction
of the local courts, and although ill and
unable to work for herself and babies he
has cut off her only means of acquiring
funds through the action to revoke the
power of attorney.
Bheprays that h* be compelled to pay
iier J2T/i a month alimony, notary, counsel
end other fees that may become" due dur
ing the hearinp of the action for divorce.
THE SAIS" FBAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JAISTJARY 11, 1900.
_ i _. i ___. ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
This striking photograph represents the three-year-old son of Mrs. Jess.
Potter of 894 South First Street, Brooklyn, N. V., who says, under date of
Sept- 23, 1899, regarding his cure of a disfignring face humor: My baby's
face was covered with ringworms. We could not lay a pin between the
gores on his face and neck, and he was a sight to look at. Two doctors
attended him for three weeks, without success, when I heard of Cuticura.
I got a box of Cuticura Soap, and a box of Cuticura Ointment. I only
applied them three days, when I could see his face was better, and In four
weeks he was cured. His face is as clear as a bell, and not a mark on it.
In aH the world there la no treatment co pure, bo ewret, co economical, bo speedily effec-
tire for distressing ekln and scalp humors of Infants and children as CtmcrjHA. A warm
bath with Ccnccnx Soap, and a Blngle anointing with Ccticcka Ointment, purest of
emollient ekln cures, followed when necessary by a mild dose of Ccticcea Resolvekt,
will afford Instant relief, permit rest and sleep to both parent and child, and point to a
epeedy, permanent, and economical cure when all else falls. Sold throughout the world.
Price, THE SET, 91.25 $ or, CcnctniA boat, 25c., CcmctrßA Ointment, 60c., Ccticcra
BEsot-rEirr 60c Potzeb Deug akx> Chex. Cobt., Sole Props., Bof ton. " How to Cur*
DROWNED MAN'S BODY FOUND.
May Be Remains of an Unfortunate
Who Jumped Into the Bay on
New Year's.
The body of an unknown man was rouni
in the mud flats at the foot of Townsend
and Second streets yesterday afternoon.
It had evidently been In the water for
two weeks or more, and the face had been
badly disfigured.
The dead man was advanced In years,
wore whiskers streaked with gray, and
was partly bald. The clothing and shoes
were of the kind worn by laboring men.
On New Year's day a man answering
to the description of the deceased was
seen to Jump off the wharf at the foot of
Townsend and Second streets, and was
drowned. Search was made for -the body,
but without success. The remains of the
drowned man, recovered yesterday, are
believed to be the remains of the suicide.
They are at the Morgue awaiting Identi
fication.
Fate of Great Cities.
G. B. Benham will deliver a free illus
trated lecture this evening at the Acad
emy of "Science Hall, the subject being
"The Fate of Great cities."
Funeral of Captain Raabe.
Several hundred friends gathered at the
undertaking parlors of Charles Metzler
Tuesday afternoon to pay their last re
spects to the late Captain George A.
Raabe. Dr. B. Paulsen of the San Fran
cisco Abend Post spoke feelingly and lov
ingly of his departed lifetime friend. At
St. Paul's Church Rev. Dr. Buehler spoke
over the body.
GEORGE HORTON ACQUITTED.
His Partner, Fred Gray, Escapes Con-
viction Also by Three Votes.
After having been out all night the Jury
in the case of the United States against
George Horton and Frederick Gray,
charged with being in possession of molds
and material for the manufacture of
counterfeit coins, yesterday morning an
nounced that they had been unable to
agree with regard to the guilt of Gray,
but they returned a verdict of acquittal in
t"he case of Horton. Judge de Haven then
discharged Horton, but Gray will be tried
again. The Jury stood nine for conviction
and three for acquittal.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Mary Cicerone from Mlchele Cicerone on
the ground of extreme cruelty; Louis F.
Melsing from Adele Melslng on the ground
of willful desertion; Sellne F. Butler from
Frank L. Butler on the ground of willful
desertion, and Christina A. Wisenden from
William Wisenden on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Frederick Smith against Cather
ine Smith for desertion and Soledad Eche
verla against Romualdo Echeverla for
failure to provide.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. SJi Post st. "-;V
Emma Nevada.
Emma Nevada waa entertained at the Cafe
Zlnkand the ether night by a party of her
California friends. .¦ -,• [.'].
NEW HARTFORD
STARTS ON HER
MAIDEN CRUISE
Rejuvenated Warship
Is Handsome.
MAILBOAT AUSTRALIA SAILS
THE AZTEC A2JT) TARTAR GET
AWAY FOR MANILA.
Bright sunshine and the departure of a
number of large vessels drew a crowd of
gayly dressed women to the front yester
day. The Oceanic wharf was crowded
with them Just prior to the sailing of the
Australia for Honolulu, Harrison street
wharf carried a large contingent of those
eager to see the rejuvenated Hartford
start on her voyage to New York, others
were down to see their friends away on
the transports Aztec and Tartar, while
numbers went to the Mall dock to have
a look at the big tramp steamer Algoa,
The first of the fleet to get away was
the Hartford. Early in the morning she
finished taking In stores and it was an
nounced that she would sail at 10 a. m.
She could not be got ready by that hour,
but at 1 p. m. the anchor was got In and
the vessel was headed for the Golden
Gate. During her etay in port the Hart
ford used the Marion's steam launch and
the boat was returned shortly after noon.
When the men who manned the launch
got back aboard the warship was at once
got ready for sea. She will go on a short
cruise outside to test her engines, and If
everything is found to be satisfactory she
will not come back to port, but will pro
ceed direct to Valparaiso. She will re
main some time in the Chilean port and
will then proceed to New York via the
Straits of Magellan. Stops will be made
at Montevideo and other ports on the At
lantic, and it will probably be some time
in April before the Hartford reaches Nerw
York.
The Mall steamer Australia followed the
Hartford out to sea. She was delayed a
short time In the stream, as two of the
passengers got left and had to be put
aboard by a tug. Once they were aboard
it did not take Captain Lawless long to
get his vessel under way again. The Aus
tralia took away every, ounce of freight
she could pack and the following cabin
passengers: J. Alexander, A. W. Ander
son, wife, two children and servant, Mrs.
M. Babcock, A. H. Bachelder, H. A. Bald
win, W. H. Barney and wife, W. A.
Bowen, H. C. Brown and wife, W. A.
Brown, Mrs. M. D. Bryden, Mrs. E. Burl
ing, W. D. Cull, Mrs. S. L. Dexter, F. A.
Edwards, Mrs. D. French. Dr. W. J. Gaf
bralth and wife, H. Ginaca, Miss D. E.
Grlswold, Miss A. L. Hyde, H. M. Jevne,
Mrs. M. Charles Kalous, C. G. Krogness,
C. J. Lawrence and wife, G. Marcus, H.
L. Mayo, K. Melrose, J. T. Morrison, Fred
Peachy, H. C. Perry, wife and child, J. E.
Pope. Master M. B. Rhodes, J. C. Sesser
and wife, J. Shaw. Miss M. L. Smith, D.
Sweeney, G. P. Thlelen, H. M. Tucker. F.
S. Tuithoff and Dr. R. J. Wilkinson.
James Rolph Jr. of the firm of Hurd.
Rolph & Co. also went down on the Aus
tralia. He goes to look after the wreck
of the barkentine William Carson, his
firm being the managing owner of the
vessel. Mr. Rolph only made up his mind
to go to Honolulu at the last moment and
had to hustle to get away. He hopes to
find on his arrival that the barkentine is
not as much damaged as was reported
and that he will be able to get her fixed
up and into commission again.
The horse transport Aztec sailed about
an hour after the Australia, while the
Tartar did not get away until late. The
Aztec goes to Hllo to unload her horses,
on account of the plague scare in Hono
lulu. Captain Mattson of the four-masted
bark Falls of Clyde went out on the Aztec
as pilot. He only arrived from Hilo a few
days ago, and as he knows the port well
he will be of great assistance to the offi
cers of the Aztec in getting the horses
and mules ashore and then back aboard
again.
The Tartar took away a number of re
cruits, some hospital nurses and a full
cargo of supplies for General Otis and the
soldiers in Manila. Two of the officers
missed the vessel and had to hire a tug
to put them aboard in the stream. ! They
had their rush for nothing, as the vessel
anchored In the stream and did not sail
until early this morning.
The many friends of Captain Caw In San
Francisco and Oakland will be sorry to
hear that he died last month while on
his way home to England. Captain Caw
was In command of the British bark
Blairmore when that vessel capsized In
the harbor. During the time the vessel
was being raised and while the litigation
over the, insurance was going on Captain
Cai» made his home here. When the
matter was settled he went back to Eng
land, and a few months ago he was given
command of the ship Arranmore. He
I went to Iqulque In her with a load of. coal
and. while there was taken sick. His 111—
[ness became serious and. the doctors or-
dered him home by steamer. During the
voyage he died.
Eight students from Stanford Univer
sity put in an appearance on the front
yesterday and announced their willing
ness to assist Chief Engineer Howard
Holmes of the Harbor Commission in tak
ing soundings and getting all necessary
information about the new site for fish
ermen's cove at North Beach. • A large
ship's boat was procured .and Quarter
master William Thompson of the Mall
Company went along as. captain. "With
him was Thomas Danahy. the Harbor
Commissioners' boat builder, and James
Cunningham, the boatman. There was
quite a little sea on at the time of em
barkation and seven out of the eight
students got cold feet. The one who
braved the terrors of a voyage from Clay
street wharf to Meiggs wharf said he
had a pleasant time. The seven walked
the distance through a sea of mud and
did not enjoy the trip quite as well as
the other. All of the eight, however,
learned something by yesterday's expe
rience.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day and discussed the plans for the new
Santa Fe wharf at Alain street. After
the board adjourned the Commissioners,
accompanied by Chief Engineer Holmes,
went down Main street and looked
the ground over. The plans were ap
proved finally and the work of petting
the wharf ready for the railroad will be
gin at once.
Some of the smartest stevedoring work
ever seen in this port was done on the
big transport Algoa yesterday. More
than 2500 tons of cargo was taken out
during the day and the work is still go
ing on. The matting alone that has been
taken out of the big tramp will fill 100
cars. To-day the Algoa will move to the
seawall, as there is no more room on the
Mail dock for freight.
Th.c British ship Annie Thomas, now
out 165 days from Cardiff for Acapulco.
has been added to the overdue fleet and
SO per cent is being paid to reinsure her.
Captain Merideth, formerly of the Do
minion, is master of the Thomas. He
left the Dominion the voyage before she
was lost. Reinsurance at the rate of ID
per cent is also being paid on the Re
fiance, now out IS4 days from Hamburg
for San Francisco. .
3-Day Specials !
For a couple of years now. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday have been
popular days at our store. Just as
much looked for now by the house-
wife as ever, because the offerings are
Just as exceptional.
BUTTER, square...- 45c
Choice Humboldt Creamery.
COLGATE'S TOILET SOAP,
box of 3 cakes 25c
Oat Meal, Glrcerine and Honey.
Resrularly SSc.
BRANDY, bot. 75c, 3 bots. $2.00
California's. Choice 3-year Gallon S3. DO
Old Brandy.
Regularly JI.CO and JI.CO.
PRESERVES, 16-oz. jar 15c
Raspberry. Strawberry and Blackberry.
Guaranteed pure.
Regularly 20c.
EAST INDIA BAN-KI-PORE SAUCE,
a-pints 100, pints 20c
A piquant and delicious- jest for
Meats. Game, etc
Regularly 13c and (Se,
MAPLE SYRUP,
pint bot. 20c, quart bot. 35c
The genuine Vermont. Delicious wUI» hot
cakes.
Regularly 25c and 50c.
IMPORTED MACARONI, pkg.. 124 c
Spaghetti. Vermicelli and Paste.
Regularly 13c.
PANCAKE FLOUR **£& pkg, 100
Hot cakes easily and quickly prepared.
Regularly 13c.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FR EE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old iramber 21 Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
CA SH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
~ This I
one of our rery handsomest barraiaa. A,'
Roman Chair, with silk covering— imita-
tion mahogany. Twenty-fly« beautiful
styles to select from. We've fixed
a special price within th» (n r\r\
reach of all: that prtc« U O««UU
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/017-/023 MISSION STHCBT.
flbova SUtlj.
ra«n« Soath 14. Op«a STtatefi.
Send for New Illustrated Catalog.
Come Just to See.
Useful Premiums Given Free.
Great American Importliia Tea Co.
Stores Ererywliere.
zoo Storca*
12