has posted a forfeit of $23*\> and ina<le the
largest bid. It was entitled to the contest.
"Corbett will agree to' fight In San Fran
cisco." said Cor.sidine. "provided the Na
tional Club will post a forfeit of $5000 with
AI Smith and allow Jim $si» for expenses."
Brady said- ttat the conditions named
by the former champion's manager were
satisfactory, and that he would commu
nicate with the Golden Gate organization.'
"Now that we have selected the battle
ground," said Brady, "suppose we name
the referee."
"I am agreeable." said Considine.
"Whom do you name?"
In reply to which Brady asked. "Whom
do you want?"
Ccnsidine said that he favored "Tim"
Hurst. Brady studied a moment and said
his choice was "Charlie" White. Consi
dine said he would flr«t have to consult
Corbett before agreeing on White for the
position in question.
"All right; any fair-minded man will
suit me," replied Brady. "If Jeffries was
fighting anybody but Corbett I would In
sist on George Slier as referee, as I think
he is thoroughly . honest and. competent,
but on account of the feeling between
Slier andCorbett I -will not Insist on Cor
bett accepting him for referee. 'Charley*
White. 'Bill* Naughton of San Francisco
or "Sam"- Austin will suit Jeffries."
Considine exacted a premise from Brady
to the effect that. Jeffries would not leave
for San- Francisco In advance of Corbett.
The former champion, who Is now at
Lake wood. N. J., Considine said, would
take his departure for San Rafael. Cal..
which will be' his training quarters, on
February IS- Jeffries, who Is now at Hot
Springs, will leave about the same time
for Los Angeles, where he will remain
until the fight takes place.
After the meeting Brady said that if
Corbett had not agreed to go to San
Franci3co and Insisted upon fighting at
Coney Island he would have declared the
contest off and arranged a match with
Sharkey. -
"If Corbett can get into good condition."
said Brady, "he will make an Interesting
bout with the champion."
PUGILISTIC CARNIVAL
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
• The managers of the National Athletic
Club are naturally jubilant over their vic
tory In making this city the battle ground
for the fight between Jeffries and Cor
bett. and a promise is given that the con
test will be made a central and leading
feature of a pugilistic tournament that
will be without parallel in the sporting
history of the coast. It is the intention
of the National Athletic Club to give
a series of high-class contests which
will draw to the city sporting men from
all parts. of the State and of the Union.
Tbe'club has been eager and enthusias
tic In Its. efforts to have the fight under
Its direction, and now that success has
been won. preparations will at once be
made to have everything In readiness. A
good-faith deposit .of^ $2300 . has already
beeiTposted and $2300 'more- will be placed'
ihere were no casualties on our
side. The cannonade was the
fiercest yet experienced. There
was a continuous roaring all day
long. This morning it recom
menced with an increased num
ber of guns.
Further reports of yesterday's
fighting at the Upper Tugela
River show that the British lost
heavily at Pont Drift, but took
an important position on a small
kopje on the Molen Drift side.
Four Boers were killed. The
British loss is unknown. They
are still in possession of the kopje
and the big guns have ceased
firing.
BRITISH ADVANCE
UNDER HEAVY FIRE
LONDON*. Feb. S.— The Standard has
the following from Spearmans Camp,
dated February 7:
•'The force under General Buller is
again advancing to the relief of Lady
naSth. and after two days of severe fight
ing it rcay fairly be said to have made
a .good first step on the road to the be
sieged town. The movement was begun
at an early hour on Monday morning by
way of Potg'eters Drift. The Eleventh
Brigade, forming a part of the Fifth Di
vision under General Warren, made a
feint attack upon the kopjes immediately
on our front. The assault was delivered
at tne outset under cover of naval guns
on Mount Alice and subsequently under
that of field batteries.
"The infantry advanced steadily toward
the Boer intrenched position at Brakfon
tein and kept the er.emy busily employed.
While this diversion was being made the
remainder of the infantry told off for
the attack, who had bivouacked Sunday
night under Mount Alice, moved along at
the foot of Zewarts Kop in the direction
of our right.
"A pontoon bridge was thrown across
the Tupela by the engineers under the
Ere of the enemy. The first battalion to
move across in the forenoon was the Dur
ham Light Infantry of General Lyttel
ton's infantry- They advanced against
Vaal Krantz, which lies on the most di
rect road to Ladysmith. and after two
houns' splendid 'work they got within
charging distance of the Boers.
"The first of the kopjes was carried by
them at the point of the bayonet, by the
utmost gallantry. Almost simultaneously
the battalion rifle brigade. cleared the sec
ond kopje and after moving across the
long ridge, they bivouacked on the spot.
"The feist attack at Potgieters having
The New Senator, in a
! Modest, Business
like Address, Thanks
the Members of the
Legislature for the
Honor Conferred
Upon Him, and An
nounces It as His
Purpose to Aim for
the Commendation
of the People of
California.
SESSION TO END
SfITURDfIY NEXT
CALL HUADQTJABTERS,
SACBA3IENTO, Feb. 7.— This
extraordinary session of the
Legislature will be adjourned
on Saturday of this week.
That much was settled by
the Senate this morning when
it adopted a resolution to ad
journ offered by Cutter of
Tuba County. To-morrow
morning the Assembly will
concur in the resolution, and
then not even Governor Gaga
can stop it.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. Feb. 7.— Thomas
R. Bard is now California's
junior Senator. The crowning act which
makes him a representative of the State
at the national capital was performed at
noon to-day, when the Senate and As
sembly in joint session ratified their
work of the previous day. The mem
bers of both houses met in the Assem
bly chamber. A croxd of interested
spectators occupied the galleries and
elbowed for standing-room on the 2oor
and in the lobby. With lusty lungs they
joined with the law-makers in the dem
onstration of approval and pleasure that
followed the formal announcement that
Thomas R. Bard had' been chosen
United States Senator. The proceed
ings of the joint session were surround
ed with a degree of solemnity that im
pressed upon the members and the au
dience the importance of the task and
all that its faithful performance mear.t
to ths welfare of the Golden State and
the future in the West of the grand old
party of Lincoln and Garfield.
President (pro. tern.) Flint of the
Senate presided. Secretary Brandon of
the Senate and Chief Clerk Kyle of the
Assembly called the roll of their re
spective houses. Secretary Brandon
read the law governing the election of
United States Senators, and then read
that portion of the Senate journal re
cording the action taken by the upper
house the day before with relation to
the selection of a Senator. Chief Clerk
Kyle followed by reading the Senatorial
section of the Assembly journal. Ths
results were announced by President
Flint and Speaker 'Anderson, and ths
former then made the statement that
virtually prepared Thoma3 R. Bard for
the Senatorial toga. He said:
"It appearing from the reading of the
journals of the Senate and Assembly
that Thomas R. Bard has received a
majority of the vote 3 of the Senate and
Assembly for the oSce of Senator, I
hereby declare him elected to the ofsce
of United States Senator from the State
of California for the term of six years,
beginning March 4. 1599."
The announcement was greeted with
hearty applause. A committee, consist
ing of Senators Rowell and Leavitt and
Assemblymen Dibble and Radclis. wm
named by President Flint to escort Cal
ifornia's new Senator into the Assenoly
chamber. When the party marched up
the center aisle, with Senator Bard ana
in arm with Senator Rowell and As
semblyman Dibble, the entire assem
blage arose to its feet and cheered. Mr.
Bard walked to the Speaker's desk,
where President Flint and Speaker An
derson both grasped his hand in a
hearty manner. When the applause
ceased President Flint introduced the
Venturan as "Senator Bard of Califor
nia." Another demonstration followed
the presentation. Through it all Sena
tor Bard, smiling, yet firm in his fea
tures, faced the vast audience and pa
tiently awaited the opportunity to ex
press his thanks and his appreciation for
the honor that had been thrust upon
him. His remarks were brief and busi
nesslike, and had a most telling effect.
Senator Bard said:
Mr. President and Gentlemen of
this Senatorial Convention: I fully a?-
Under a Heavy Fire the
Imperial Troops
Construct a Pontoon
Bridge Over the Tu
gela and Charge the
Hills Held by the Re
publican Army—Ad
vantage Claimed by
Each Side, but It Is
Certain the Britons
Captured an Impor
tant Position.
LONDON. Feb 3.— A
\ special dispatch from
* Spzcrsmans Ccmp, dc
- ted Wednesday, pebru
', ary 7, says :
I "Our further advance
* is at tfye rrjorrjent pre
* vented, as the Boers en
? filade us from their po
\ sitions on Spion K°pand
- Doorm K'oof. Our cas
. ua.ties, although estl
; rrjated at 250. are tri
- fling, considering the
. great importance of the
'. rocvement just con-
SPEARMANS CAMP,
Wednesday, Feb. 7, 6 p. m.
— General Buller com
menced the advance for the reliei
:if Ladv?mith Monclav. The nava!
guns opened at 7 in the morning
and a feint attack was made on
front of the British position.
Three battalions advanced toward
the Brakiontem with six oat
teries. At 11 o'clock the Boers
opened with artillery fire and sent
several shells among: the British
infantry, wtio retired one hour
later.
Meanwhile a vigorous attack
was marie on the extreme
right, where the engineers expe
ditiously constructed a position.
Several pieces of cannon, hidden
among the trees on Zwarts Kop,
bombarded heavily. The British
ir.fantrv advanced and the Boers
were entirely surprised.
At 4 o'clock a high hill, a con
tinuation of the Brakfontein. had
been taken. The operations were
excellently planned. The name
of the hill taken is Krantzkloof.
The bombardment of the Boer
position was resumed this morn
ing. The Boers worked a disap
pearing cannon from the high
Doorm Kloof Range, on the
right of the hill captured, but the
British shells exploded its maga
zine and the gun was put out of
action until late in the day.
Musketry fire was intermittent
until the afternoon, when the
Boers made a determined eftort
to retake the hill. Reinforce
ments rushed up cheering, the
Boers were repulsed and the
British advanced along the ridge.
BOER HEAD LAAGER,
Ladysmith, Tuesday. Feb. 6. —
Since yesterday the British, with
naval and other guns, have bom
barded our positions on the Up
per Tugela. The troops crossed
the river at that point and Kolen
Drift, with the object of storm
ing our positions. At the former
General Burgher beat them back
and they recrossed in great con
fusion.
The fighting continues at Ko
len Drift with the Standerton
and Johannesburg commandos.
Continued on Page Three.
Chess Master Steinitz Insane.
NEW TORK, Feb. 7.— Dr. William
Stelnitz. the famous chess player, wan
taken from his home to the insane pa
.vlllon of Bellevre Hospital to-night. He
Is 62 years old and was confined in an asy
lum in Moscow In 1537.
MRS. ADAIR'S MISSION
IN AID OF BRITONS
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 7.— The White Star
line steamer Oceanic, which sailed to-day
for New York, had among her passen
gers Mrs. Adair, head of the American
hospital ship Maine committee, who Is *
daughter of General Wadsworth, killed
during the battle of the Wilderness, Mr 3.
Adair Is the owner of one of the largest
cattle ranges in the panhandle of Texas.
She is going to America in connection
with the Maine. She says: "I hope every
one will have understood that I am not
going on a begging expedition. I believ*
in my heart that there Is among all
Americans of English descent a strong
feeling of sympathy and attachment for
the mother country. What I am going to
America for is to see how best It can be
brought out. I am not going to beg. for
if this feeling is not spontaneous, instead
of being gratifying to the English nation
it almost casts a slur upon. them. Eng
land does not want our charity. She
would not let one wounded soldier be neg
lected. But what she does want at this
moment, when almost every continental
power is scowling at her, and she Is men
aced from every quarter, is that we who
sprang from her side should understand
her and stand by her, and we mean to
do so."
UNITED ATTACK
ON BOER POSITIONS
LONDON. Feb. B.— The Dally Tele
graph's correspondent at Spearmans
Camp In a dispatch dated Monday night
says:
"Under the personal direction of General
Jeffries and Gorbett
Decide to Battle in
California.
Their M ill "to Take-Place
Under the National
Club's Ausplces-on
April 10.
£p«cial Dispatch to The Call
NEW TORK, Feb. 7.— Aa predicted
In The. Call's dispatches last
night, San Francisco has been
selected as the battleground for
the heavy-weight championship
fight between Jeffries and Corbett.. The
selection Tras made at a meeetlng to-day
between William -A. Brady, who repre
sented Jeffries, [ and George Consldine,
who looked after Corbett's interests. The
date of the fight was changed from March
15 to AprillO. Corbett and Jeffries will
fight for T5 per cent of the gross re
ceipts and for a 75 per cent interest In all
pictures of the contest taken. The battle
will b*: held under the auspices, of the Na
tional Athletic Club of San Francisco,
whose officials will post to-morrow with
Al Smith a forfeit of J3OOO, which 13 to be
divided between the 'principals "in the
event of the club being unable to bring
the matter to a successful conclusion.
Corbett will be allowed $500 for traveling
expenses.
When Considine and Brady met to dis
cuss the place for holding the contest
Considine said: '
"I understand that. Jeff rles Is willing to
fight at Coney Island." . . . ;
Brady told Corbett's manager that he
had been misinformed as *to Jeffries' In
tention, and that under no circumstances
would the heavy-weight champion agree
to go to Coney Island.
"Well," said Considine; "Jeffries Is the
champion, and I suppose he has a right to
dictate terms.- Where do you want to
nght?" :.¦.-. , ¦
Brady replied .that.' Inasmuch aa . the
National Athletic . Club of San Francisco
served its purpose In preventing the con
centration of the enemy at the crucial
point, the Eleventh Brigade fell back to
the river.
"In the course of the operation both
the infantry and the artillery had been
subjected to a severe shell fire. Yester
day (Tuesday), at 4 o'clock in the after
noon, the enemy, encouraged doubtless by
their success at Spion Kop, endeavored to
recapture the position taken by us at Vaal
Krantz. They were beaten back, how
ever, with loss.
"The work accomplished »O far has he<m
magnificently done. The shell and Maxim
fire poured in by the Boers has been ex
tremtly severe, but our losses are. com
paratively speaking, small. The Durham
Light Infantry took a few prisoners in
the course of their charge.
"The enemy, as usual, fought with the
utmost stubbornness. The British ma
neuvering and the accuracy of aim on the
part of the British artillery during the
fighting on j Monday were beyond praise.
There is not the slightest likelihood that
the Boers will Eucceed in dislodging us
from the positions we have gained, and
the prospects of the relief of Ladysmith
are decidedly hopeful."
SENATOR-ELECT BARD ADDRESSING THE MEMBERS OF THE LEGISLATURE.
to-day in the hands of the representa
tives of the fighters. Corbetfs traveling
expenses will be paid, and there is rea
son to believe that he will come • here
without delay in order that he may be
come acclimated while training.
While April 10 is named as the day for
the battle, the National Club has between
that day and April 2) in which to brine
it oft*. This option is granted to provide
against any possible emergency that my
arise.
The place of the battle In the city Is yet
to be definitely determined. The man
agers of the National Club have not vet
fettled in their minds which of three
places to chocse. Their choice rests
among the Sixteenth and Folsom street
grounds, the Mechanics' Pavilion and
the Battle of Manila building on Mar
ket street, near Eighth. It is probable
that the last named building will be
chosen, as the National Athletic Club ha 3
a sub-lease upon it. and estimates that
between 6000 and TOOO persons may safeiy
be seated in it. Wherever the fight may
be held, the prices of admission will be
J2. 13, 55 and JlO a seat.
In speaking of the matter last night J
Glbbs of the National Athletic Cluo raid
he knew nothing of kinetoscope privi
leges, but if thfy had been considered It
would necessarily follow that the flghr
would have to take place In the daytime
This can very readily be done by remov
ing the roof of the Battle of Manila build
ing, which has been put on in sections
There is a possibility, however, that If the
fight takes place during the day it may
be held at the Sixteenth-street grounds,
and the tournament which is in contem
plation could be concluded at night la
the panorama building. These are ques
tions, which are yet to be answered by the
management.
The problem Involved la the selection of
a referee is a nerious one. but Glbbs said
positively last night that Slier, to whom
Corbett has a settled aversion, will not
be chosen under any circumstances. Some
"Western man— and there are many to
choose from — will be selected.
"I consider that this fight." said J. Glbbs
last night," "will give a tremendous Im
petus to sport on this coast. It will draw
the best sports of the country to this city.
It will circulate money and for a time, at
least, will hold the eyes of the sporting
world upon San Francisco. The racing
season will be at its height, and I don't
think that any of the objections that were
made to Carson can justly be applied to
this city.
"We Intend to make the event one to
be remembered and will begin at once
with our preparations. It Is very prob
able that the Battle of Manila buil-Ung
will be chosen and that we will have a
pugilistic tournament for a day and
night." ¦'
Third Attempt of the British Relief Columns
to Reach the Beleaguered Ladysmith
Garrison.
BULLER'S FORCES AGAIN
BATTLE WITH THE BOERS
BARD FORMALLY ELECTED
IN THE JOINT ASSEMBLY
Crowning Chapter of the Sensational Contest
for the Junior Senatorship of the
Golden State,
SAN FRANCISCO TO
GET THE BIG
CHAMPIONSHIP
FIGHT
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 70.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, THUBSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
The San Francisco CallPERKINS
TO
BARD
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 7.—
Among the many messages of
congratulation wired to Mr.
Bard is the following from
Senator George C. Perkins:
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7, 1900.
Hon. Thomas B. Bard, Sac
ramento: Accept my hearty
congratulations upon your
election as United States Sen
ator. That election has healed
the breach in the Republican
ranks and has rendered vic
tory in November certain.
Your high character and abil
ity are guarantees of the posi
tion you will take in the
United States Senate, and it
will be my great pleasure to
"work with you for the good of
our common country, and
especially for the Golden State
that : has honored us, and
which we .both love so much.
GEORGE C. PERKINS.
nia soldiers and granting George W. Root,
clerk of the Supreme Court, . six months'
leave of absence from the State, • were
adopted. . ¦ - .
Adjournment was taken until 11 a. m.
to-morrow. . • ' '
The measure was before the Senate Com
mittee on Hospitals, Health and Quaran
tine earlier in the day. Governor Gage
was present and pleaded for the extraor
dinary power which he asked. His efforts
were without avail, however. In spite
of his representations the committee
unanimously decided to refuse him his
request, and to report the Governor's fa
vorite bill back with the recommendation
that it do not pass. It is said that Gover
nor Gage was very angry when informed
of this action, but his anger had no ef
fect upon the committee. ¦
This afternoon the bill was unfavorably
reported by Senator Rowell, chairman of
the committee. It was immediately taken
up, and Senator Wolfe, to make the meas
ure a little more acceptable ,to the Sen
ate, offered amendments . to limit the
number of persons who -would be placed
in the Governor's power by the passage
of the bill, requiring charges to be made
in writing, and permitting those accused
to Introduce evidence In their defense. It
was on these amendments the debate
which followed waa on, and their defeat
meant the defeat of the Governor's bill.
Senator Rowell spoke against the
measure with a quiet force that carried
predate and thank you, the represen
tatives of the people of the State of
California, for the honor which you
have conferred upon me. I accept the
cf2.ee to which you have been pleased
to elect me, realizing the responsi
bilities and the services which are
from it, and, invoking
God's help. I will discharge its du
ties faithfully to the best of my abil
ity, having in view my highest re
ward — the commendation of the peo
ple cf this State. Honesty and indus
try are common and homely virtues,
and relying upon these I shall hope
to win that reward.
After the applause which followed
Senator Bard's speech had died away
both Democratic and Republican mem
bers on the floor united in paying to
Hon. Stephen M. White, Mr. Bard's
predecessor, one of the most glowing
tributes ever tendered a California
statesman. Mead (D.) of Los An
geles was recognized by Speaker An
derson and handed up to the desk a
resolution carrying to Mr. White the
commendation and thanks of the people
of the State, regardless of party or
creed. ,
No sooner had it been read by the
clerk than a dozen of the most promi
nent Republicans on the floor sprang
from their seats to vie with each other
in being first to second it.
Louis A. Works of San Diego was
first recognized, then H. C. Dibble, who
said it gave him pleasure to second a
resolution acknowledging the worth and
service of so splendid a statesman as the
retired Democratic Senator. Grove L.
Johnson, the member from Sacramento,
who was a coworker with Mr. White at
Washington, was next recognized, and
with all the eloquence which is his
opened the most stirring address that
has been heard in either House during
this extraordinary session. Mr. John-
The three men at the top of the
picture are now in active service
with General French near Coles
berg. Colonel T. C. P. Colley is
commanding the Second Life
Guards. Major Nicholls is com
manding the Fifteenth Battery,
siege train. Colonel T. C. Porter
is commanding the Sixth Dragoon
Guards. Colonel O. C. Hannay is
with General Methuen in command
der the\name of Harry Reeber. It is be
lieved his two companions are also old
Eastern criminals. They both give me
name of Spellman.
— •
Holcomb a Bankrupt.
BOSTON, Feb. ".—Henry A. Holcomb
of New Bedford, manufacturer, filed a
petition in bankruptcy to-day. Liabilities
$1,351.435, assets none. The unsecured
claims amount to $67,800; the notes and
bills which ought to be paid by other
parties to his transactions, $1,253,531. The
indebtedness is chiefly to New Bedford,
Providence and Boston banks. Mr. Hol
comb made an assignment on August 20,
1897.
Life le not bo short but that there is
always time enough for courtesy.—Emer
son.
of the Argyll and Sutherland
Highlanders, vice Colonel Goff,
killed at Magersfontein. Major
General Sir F. Carrington, an old
South African campaigner, is
called for special service not yet
designated. Colonel A. G. W.
Goldsmid is A. A. G. to General
Kelly-Kenny, Sixth Division, now
at Thebus, between French's and
Gatacre's divisions.
Death of John A. Rush.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 7.-John A. Rush,
formerly District Attorney and State Sen
ator from Colusa, and brother of Mrs. 11.
M. Larue of this city, died here to
night. He had been an Invalid for twelve
years. He came to California In 1850.
Poisoned by Matches.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 7.— A little child of
Ja.mes Geddis of this city died to-day
from poisoning caused by eating phos
phorous matches.
Meetings of Ministers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, Feb. 7.— The Ministerial
Union of Woodland is holding special
meetings every evening this week.
NOTED BRITISH OFFICERS
LATELY CALLED TO THE FRONT
FOUR LIVES LOST IN
BURNING BUILDINGS
Lodging House in Eureka and
Dwelling at Coronaflo De
stroyed !y Fire.
EUREKA, Feb. 7.— Two lives were lost
in a fire at the Humboldt Lodging-house
eprly this morning. Of twenty-five or
thirty other lodgers two were seriously
irjured and several others narrowly es
raped. The dead are Hugh Frasier. a
hostler, and Rose Eastman, a woman of j
i'l-fame. The injured are Mrs. May Rlg
1 y. whose back and ankle were sprained,
tnd John Lyon of Fortuna, who has a
broken leg.
The cause of the conflagration was the
upsetting of a kerosene lamp in a room
on the lower floor of the building. This
room was occuoied by a woman named
Oilie Bethel.
The flames gained rapid headway and
many of the occupants were forced to
jump from the upper story windows,
which resulted'in the injury of two. The
Grand Hotel and several, other buildings
were threatened for a time. Finally
after the flames had been extinguished
the bodies of a man and woman were
found. The latter. Rose Eastman, was
terribly burned, one-half of her body be
ing charred to the bone. The face wa-<
also burned, but was remarkably well
preserved as to features.
Frasier undoubtedly was suffocated, as
his body was scorched but little. Under
neath the corpse $200 in gold coin waa
found. The building, which was almost
a total loss, was owned Jt»y Mrs. Xi:
Ferris and occupied by Antone Silva.
At last reports the injured were resting
easily. Whether Mrs. Rigbie's injuries
will be attended with serious results la
yet a matter of uncertainty. The building
was Insured for $300. but the stock an<i
fixtures were uninsured. The total lo«s
will foot up to between $3000 and ?4000.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 7.— The residence of
A. G. Huey and R. T. Greenwood on
Coronado Beach was burned down to-day
at noon, and in addition to this the in
fant child of Mrs. Greenwood was burned
to death and Mrs. Greenwood so severely
burned that she died within a few hours
The fire started from an explosion in c.
coal oil cook stove.
PATERNAL ADVICE FOR
THE UNINITIATED
is that when you take your linen to a
laundry to renovated take It to one
that will not rot the fabric, and that
will send it home in good condition,
and with a color and finish on it such
as experience has taught him that h9
always gets at the United States Laun-
dry. Our perfect methods give you
work that Is unexcelled by any one.
United States Laundry. Offto»
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
SESSION EXPENSE BILL
PASSES THE SENATE
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 7.— When the Sen
ate was called to order this forenoon Sec
retary Brandon read, from the desk a
telegram which had been received from
Senator George C. Perkins, relative to
the election of Senator Bard and the Joint
resolution protesting against the ratifica
tion of the Jamaica treaty. The mess?ee
was as follows: ' 6
•'Joint resplution on Jamaica treaty, has
been received and has been presented to
United States Senate, and will have good
effect. I feel confident that the proposed
reciprocity treaties will not be ratified
and I have used every effort to put them
into the 'sleep that knows no waking I
congratulate the Legislature in having
elected a Senator, which action gives Cal
ifornia full representation in the United
States Senate for the Pacific Coast. In
view of increasing commerce with the
Orient it needs its full strength in Con
gress to take advantage "of present op
portunities. In uniting on one candidate
the Republican party also unites for the
Presidential .election, making California
safe for November. The State's Influence
in. Congress has been increased by our
Legislature's action." . .
The proverbial ill luck attending the
number 13 has fallen with unusual force
upon the Assembly bill of that number.
The measure, as originally introduced,
passed the Assembly, carrying an appro
priation of $7500 to' meet the expenses of
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by-
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the iat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
AH «orta of ctore* veil it, et prcliliy druggist*
•U aorta of people use v.
passed under suspension of the constitu
tion.
A resolution was introduced by Mellck
favoring the bill now before Congress
appropriating $550,000 for making improve
ments in Yosemite Park.
The following joint resolution was In
troduced by O'Brien and referred to the
Committee on Federal Relations:
"Whereas, There has been presented to
the Senate of the United States for rati
fication a convention between the United
States and Great Britain relative to the
construction, control and management of
the proposed Nicaragua canal; and
"Whereas, The said convention doe 3 not
preserve to this Government the right of
absolute dominion and control which she
should have and exercise over the said
canal; and
"Whereas, The United States has re
cently demonstrated to the civilized world
that she is fully capable of managing her
own affairs in time of peace or war, with
out the co-operation or support of other
nations; and
"Whereas, Tho preservation of our
Government rests chiefly upon such choice
of action, now, therefore, be it
"Resolved. By the Assembly of the
State of California, the Senate concur
ring, that our Senators in Congress be
requested to oppose the ratification of
said convention presented to them,
signed by the respective plenipotentiaries
of the United States and Great Britain
concerning the construction of the ship
canal to connect the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans ;
"Resolved, That his Excellency the Gov
ernor be requested to submit a copy of
these resolutions to our Senators in Con
gress."
Senate constitutional amendment No. 3,
allowing a vote.to be taken on the pro
posed municipal charters at general elec
tions and allowing' such charters to be
amended by a majority instead of a three
fifths vote, was passed.; .: I « :
Merritt introduced a bill out of, order
providing for the removal .by the Gov
ernor of officials whose terms of office
are not fixed by the constitution.' In the
measure .it Is provided that written
charges must be filed against Officials af
fected and that they shall be allowed to
introduce evidence In their defense.
Senate resolutions thanking Almlra S.
Townsend for services rendered . Calif or-
conviction. He pointed out that as a
matter of policy not only the amendments
but the bill itself should be voted down.
The measure represented a vicious prin
ciple that could not be indorsed. The
Senator's line of argument was followed
by most of those who spoke after him.
Senator Sims pointed out the unreason
able features of the measure, condemning
it as unconstitutional and not in keeping
with the fundamental principle that no
man shall be punished until he be proved
guilty. Senator Gillette insisted that the
proposed amendments did not cover the
viciousness of the measure and stated that
the present law gives the executive all the
power that is necessary for the proper
performance of his duties. Senator More
house also spoke against the measure,
pointing out how unreasonable it was to
give the Governor the extraordinary
power for which he asked.
Senator "Wolfe closed the debate,
speaking strongly In favor of his amend
ments, but the Senate was almost to a
man against them, and they were voted
down. Senator Rowell then moved to
kill the bill for all time by striking 1 out
the enacting clause. His motion met with
general approval, and was carried by a
vote of 23 to 9.
• ¦
ASSEMBLY TO TAKE
SIMILAR ACTION
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 7.— The Assembly
Judiciary Committee this afternoon met to
consider an Assembly companion bill to
the Senate measure giving the Governor
extraordinary power to remove from
office, which was killed in the Senate this
afternoon. As the Senators had done,
they agreed that it was a vicious meas
ure and will report back recommending
that it do not pass.
PALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 7.— As The Call
L predicted, Governor Gage's as
sault on the State patronage re
ceived its first setback this after
noon when the Senate, after a pro
longed debate, refused to pass the so
called lunacy bill. The vote was 23
against the bill and only 9 for it. During
the debate Senators Wolfe and Short
ridge, who spoke for the measure, were
forced to acknowledge that the Governor
wanted it passed and appealed to the
Senators to vote for it as a compliment
to the executive. If the bill had passed
it would have given the Governor the
power to remove any employe of the
State Insane asylums. The Senators who
voted against it claim they did so because
the proposed law was ridiculous on its
face, and they wanted to give the Gover
nor to understand most emphatically that
he was not to be vested with authority
to undo the work of the Commissioners
in charge of the State institutions.
To-day's vote is looked upon as a test
of the Governor's strength in the Sen
ate, and there is little doubt that his
other patronage propositions will meet a
similar fate to that of the lunacy bill.
By a Vote of 23 to 9 the Executive Is Denied the
Power to Summarily Remove Officials and
Employes of Asylums for the Insane.
PET MEASURE OF GOVERNOR GAGE
MEETS DEFEAT IN THE SENATE
GAGE NOT TO BE VESTED WITH EXTRAORDINARY POWER
son said he had known Mr. White inti
mately and had seen him at Washington
when he was at the front and working
with the greatest among the great for
the enhancement of California's inter
ests.
"He was more than a Democrat,
more than a Republican," said Mr.
Johnson. "He knew no party there and
was first and always for California and
the friend of every Californian who
ever sought him out." ,
Then Speaker Anderson put the
question and the resolution was
adopted with a cheer. It reads as fol
lows:
Resolved. That the Legislature of Cali
fornia, assembled in joint convention,
tenders to Stephen M. White the thanks
of a grateful people for his distinguished
services to the State and nation during
the six years that he served in the Sen
ate of the United States.
Resolved. That the secretary of the
Senate and the clerk of the Assembly be
instructed to have an engrossed copy of
this resolution made and signed by the
proper officers of the Senate and Assem
bly and forward the same to the Hon.
Stephen M. White.
The resolution was unanimously
adopted, after which the joint conven
tion adjourned sine die.
BARD RECEIVES HIS
ELECTION CERTIFICATE
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 7.— Governor Gage
was officially notified this afternoon of the
election of Mr. Bard. The Senator-elect's
certificate of election was immediately
filled cut and delivered to him.
NICARAGUAN CANAL
CONVENTION OPPOSED
Assembly Does Not Believe It Pre
serves the Bight of Control to
Our Government.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 7.— The Assembly
this morning adopted the Senate joint
resolution introduced in the Senate by
Wolfe relative to the building of a Pa
cific cable. The first section of the reso
lution reads:
"Resolved, by the Senate and the As
sembly jointly. That our Senators in Con
gress be instructed, and our Representa
tives therein be requested and urged, to
vote for and use all honorable means to
secure the passage of a bill requiring the
laying of such cable, and also requiring
that the cable be made by an American
company in the United States."
The Committee on State Hospitals and
Asylums reported favorably Assembly bill
19, repealing section 19 of the State lunacy
law of 1837.
An unfavorable report was made by the
majority of the Committee on Federal
Relations on concurrent resolution 1,
which expresses sympathy for the Trans
vaal Republic and Orange Free State. The
minority report recommends the adoption
of the resolution.
Assembly bill 21, appropriating $13,000 to
pay the per diem and mileage of Assem
blymen, was passed under suspension of
the constitution.
Senate bill 4, repealing the mining law
of 1897, was passed a
Senate bill 2 was . made a matter of ur
gency and passed. The measure creates
a Commissioner of Public Works.
Senate bills 3. 6 and 7, respectively,
amending the; act of 1697, relative to the
Auditing Board of the Commissioner of
Public Works: amending section 2527 of
the Political Code relating to the powers
of the Board of State Harbor Commis
sioners; authorizing the State Treasurer
to transfer to the San Francisco harbor
Improvement fund $36,000, now In San
Francisco depot slaking fund, wer*
VICTIMS OF INFLUENZA.
Every Hospital Bed in Berlin Is
Occupied.
BERLIN. Feb. 7.— The influenza, which
has spread throughout Germany, now
numbers GO.OOO victims In Munich. In Ber
lin to-day every bed in every hospital was
occupied, and the hospital physicians
hundreds of whom have been stricken
with the malady— are scarcely able to care
for their patients.
Among those believed to be dying is Dr.
Lieber. leader of the Centrists or Clerical
party in the Reichstag, who to-day re
ceived the sacraments.
Is an Escaped Convict.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 7.— The police
have found that R. M. Gordon, one of
the three thugs who robbed and beat John
A. Mills in this city on Sunday night and
wore arrested within an hour afterward,
is .in escape from the Illinois State Prison,
wnere he was serving a life sentence un-
four months. Their earnings provided a
supply of potatoes, cabbage, onions, etc.,
and some villagers bought a horse or two.
If it had not been for the help of the
Quakers these poor people would have
fared worse. I understand that in some
villages where the supply of potatoes has
run out there Is nothing but corn meal
and flour, which are getting short. Scurvy
was rampant in the fall and does yet pre
vail. A change of food is necessary and
the dried fruit will be the manna from
heaven for these unfortunates."
COLONISTS ARE
IN DIRE STRAITS
Forced to Send Out Ap
peal for Food.
Special Difpatch to The Ca!
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 7.— From advices
received to-day, the Russian colo
nlsts. now located in Canada, whom it
1? intended to colonize on California
lsnds. aro in great distre??. Through an
appeal for aid a movement is on foot to
Bend the sufferers dried fruits, clothing
and supplies. The information regarding
their condition is to the effect that the
3520_k0u1? in the North colony are unpro
vided with footl aAd that the 5<X) in the
Prince Albert section are destitute. These
7500 people were dumped upon the bleak
prairies la.M winter and spring without a
<JoHa.r. As the expected work has not
been found they lack oxen and teams for
farm, cultivation. A friend who is with
thepe suffprors askiris for aid concludes
his appeal a* follows:
•'Some 509 men were at work part of
the extra session for legislative printing.
In the Senate Saturday it was held up fcr
amendment, and the strike of the printers
employed at the State Printing Office en
sued. On Monday the measure was
amended in the Senate, cutting the ap
propriation to $3300. The Assembly re
fused to concur in this amendment, and
a conference committee from the two
houses decided that the appropriation
should be fixed at J4SOO. Carrying this ap
propriation the bill was passed in the Sen
ate and sent to the Assembly for ther
concurrence. There it was discovered that
the bill had not been printed as amended
before passing the Senate. All the work
had to be gone over again, and the meas
ure did not get through the Senate until
late this afternoon. It seems now to be
fairly in the way of becoming a law. how
ever. . •".•"¦
Senate joint resolution 2. introduced by
Braunhart. providing for the election of
United Senators by the direct vote of the
people, was adopted.
Senate concurrent resolution 3, passed
later in the afternoon in the Assembly,
relative to municipal charter elections,
was passed, as was Senate concurient
resolution 2, relative to annulling consti
tutional amendment 22.
The Senate passed Curriers measure
known as the wide-tire bill— Senate
bill 11. •:
Adjournment was taken until 11 a. m.
to-morrow.
REPUBLICANS OF
SAN ANDREAS ORGANIZE
SAN ANDREAS. Feb. 7.— Hon. Judson
C. Brusie and D. E. McKinlay addressed
a large meeting in Metropolitan Hall to
night and organized a Republican Con
gressional Club. Much enthusiasm was
manifested, and a club of about forty
members was formed, with Judge Ira Hill
Reed as president. The speeches were
well received, the speakers appealing to
the reason rather than" the prejudices of
the voters.
AFFILIATED REPUBLICAN
CLUBS INDORSE BARD
At a meeting ot the executive commit
tee of the Affiliated Republican Clubs held
at the California Hotel the following res
olutions indorsing Hon. Thomas R. Bard
as United States Senator were adopted:
San Francisco. Feb. 6, 1900.
¦ Whereas,*'' The i i Republican members of the
Legislature of the State of . California have
elected the Hon. Thomas R. Bard of Ventura
to the Important office of United States-Sen
ator, and by so doing: have preserved the polit
ical and moral standinc of this State; and.
Whereas, The said Hon. Thomas R. Bard has
been known to us for many years as a man
whose standing among men is without a flaw,
and who is in every respect a gentleman well
qualified to fitly represent the best Interests
of this Western State in the national Senate;
and.
Whereas, The election of Hon. Thomas R.
Bard Is a positive declaration by the Repub
lican party of California that corrupt and in
decent method* shall not prevail in the elec
tion of a United States Senator and a reproof
and denunciation of those persons and inter
ests who would jeopardize the welfare of th«
State that they might gain political power to
use toward corrupt and selfish ends; and.
Whereas, We recognize that the Great Re
publican morning papers of this city have by
their fidelity to party principles, by their un
flinching purpose to serve the people of this
State and by their fearlessness in persistently
exposing all the crookedness and deception that
waa organized to destroy the Republican party
and to discredit the State in the councils of
the nation: therefore be it
Resolved. That we. the executive committee
of the Affiliated Republican Clubs of San Fran
cisco, do hereby indorse the action of the Leg
islature In electing Hon. Thomas R. Bard to
the office of United States Senator, do express
the utmost confidence in Hon. Thomas R. Bard
of Ventura, do renew our allegiance to the
Republican party and Its leaders in this State;
and be it further . ¦* "--^ ....
Resolved. That we heartily thank and hold
ud to public approval and respect these great
newspapers and their Republican proprietors,
who aided so largely to save the State, and to
preserve the honor _ of _ thyg-tr^
OASTON STRAUS,
P. D. HATES.
D. W. McNEILL.
• FRANK D. WORTH.
HAMILTON J. RIQGINS, Secretary.
RECEPTION TO BARD.
United States Senator-elect Thomas R.
Eard has accepted the invitation extended
by the Union League of this city to a re
ception which will be given in his honor
on Saturday night. Every effort is being
made to make the affair one of the best"
ever given by Republicans to a distin
guished member of the party on the coast.
The entertainment committee of the club,
of which Colonel George Pippy is chair
man, has taken the matter seriously an<t
enthusiastically in hand and nothing will
be left undone to render the receotlon
successful. The directors will hold a
special meeting to-day and a definite pro
gramme will be arranged for the exei
cises which will be held in connection
with the reception at the rooms of the
club in the Palace Hotel.
Addresses will be delivered by prom
inent men of the Republican party. While
the reception is intended to be in ever>
way informal, admission will be by card
only, as the accommodations are neces
sarily limited. Each member of the club
will be provided with a certain number
of cards for distribution among friends.
The proposed reception has already ere
ated general interest, as it will take tho
form of a general party ratification of Mr.
Bard's election to the Federal Senate.
REDMOND DENOUNCES
THE WAR AS UNJUST
Moves in the Commons for the
Recognition of the Indepen
dence of the Boers.
LONDON", Feb. ". — John Redmond.
rha!rro3n of the United Irish party, was
loudly cheered by all sections of the Irish
rnfimbPTs when he arose in the House of
Commons to-day to move an amendment
lo the address in reply to the speech from
the throne, representing that the time had
arrived to bring the war to a conclusion
on the basis of recognizing the inde
pendence of the Transvaal and the Orange
Free State. He said the Irish party ab
horred this war, and Intended so far as
possible to maintain the independence of
the republics, defended with so much
heroism.
Rrdmond admitted that when the em
pire was involved in complications a feel-
Ing of hope and satisfaction stirred the
majority of the Irish at home and abroad.
But, he continued, the sympathies of the
liisn would still have been pro-Boer, even
if England had not been concerned and
another power had attempted to act
the "bully and oppressor in South Af
rica."
"Englar.d to-day." added Redmond,
'¦stands not in splendid but In disgraceful
isolation. Turkey aione lending her coun
tenance."
While admitting that official expression
of hostility had not been heard in the
Vnited Staffs, "chiefly because America,
being engaged in the Philippine war. had
not her&elf felt in a position to rebuke
England as she would otherwise have
done." Redmond declared that the over
whelming opinion of leading American
•statesmen was hostile to Great Britain in
this war, and said the "unanimous disap-
proval of the world demonstrated that
the ¦war was unjust, and It ought, there
fore, to be stopped." "¦"''¦
As to whether or not the prospects of
home rule were adversely affected by
the attitude of the Irish. Redmond said
hp thought IrHand had nothing to lose
and everything to pain by raising her
voice on the side of Justice and liberty.
Patrick Joseph Power, member for the
East Division of Watcrford County, sec
onded Redmond's amendment.
Timothy Healy. Irish Nationalist, dur
ing ihe course of a speech dwelling on the
IJritish defeats, said:
"Heretofore the Boers have had only
two fete days "in their calendar—Ding
man's day and Majuba day. But England
has given them Buller's day. White's day,
Otitacre's day. Methuen's day. Yule's day
and Symons' day."
Loud and continued cries of "Shame"
greeted the reference to the dead general,
and Healy hastened to declare that he
had the greatest respect for the late Gen
eral Symons.
Healy, continuing, said the most pa
thetic incident of the war was the cor
respondence between General Symons and
General Joubert before General Symons'
death, and the only unworthy feature was
that the English turned their backs upon
their dying general.
Thomas W. Russell, a Liberal (opposed
to home rule) member for the South Di
vision of Tyrone, replying to Healy on
behalf of the Government, said there was
one day the Boers would never celebrate,
and thafwas the day on which the Brit
ish Parliament should surrender under
such ignoble condition* as in ISSI.
On a vote being ' taken Redmond's
amendment was rejected by 36S to 66. The
House then adjourned.
1
THE SAX FR AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
>z^£gi Prices Lower j
J^|||| g Than Ever j
fffi§^oB*M Having discontinued i
SS^al.*^^ m Y Oakland storr, 1 1
place th: entire stock i
ffimf^b'^QA of woohns on sale ata '
*T jw \ GREAT REDUCTION]
< SMJgL 4 . <V FOR 30 DAYS. \
/^^r^M If you are in need of a i
ma} J^tf Cisa K oo^ s "^ o r d er it now. ¦
JE^iviH Suit 9 from 5/2 50 1
IKB •OM?!' Pant 3 from- *00 \
\wP j^'i/\ Overcoats from.. 15.00 j
SSL dcs I n L i
TSffis/huoe roneim
miW^d THE TAILOR,
W^)M 1110-1112 Market St. j
201-203 Montgomery Sf
ADVEETISEMZ2IT3.
Store is open and doing an immense
business. Free delivery across the
bay and in town, as usual. Country
orders promptly filled. Come early
to-day. Every day is a busy day.
No wonder whsn prices are named.
THIRD FLOOR.
60 fine Camp Chairs. $1.25 value t .79
100 prs. Cotton Blankets, gray 62
120 prs. Blankets, gray 1.25
Gents' finest Neckwear. 50c kind 2O
150 Cape Nome Packing Straps 50
6 dox. Men's Undershirts, medium weight. .23
Bargains in every line of wearing apparel.
SECOND FLOOR.
625 prs. Ladles' Porpoise Calf Shoes..- l.N>
400 prs. Ladies' Fine Shoes J.W
SOflO No. i: Black SHk ntbhon. best 07
*0y boxes Marble?.. 15<? value ,07
SflO books of poetry. "Mother Saul"... .*/..'..".. 10
500 yds. 60c Marysville Navy F1anna1. ....... .40
Bargains In every department on second floor.
FIRST FLOOR.
10-lb. sacks Buckwheat Flour ................ ..25
Table Peaches or Pears, fln« ..j ;.. .13
Ccmb Honey In frames, best .I<>
Black Flga. r.ew California 03
Shoe Brushes. 4-blt kind ....".25
5000 cakes good Laundry Soap :.. .03
A thousand bargains on grocery
floor. Same old place, cear Market-
street ferry.
BY THE COMMITTEE.
j^^^^pH Defective
iSp^ii^trtvsHiS" LJlSudScll
OmBK eiric^ I iil \Sw! iur t0 chronic con-
UM ''M \W3 Miration. Know
BKtfS *^*-< 152 th<»n that chronic
esSj ip^J constipation is a
serious complica-
tions. HUDYAN promptly relieves and cure*
constipation or coatlveness, either chronic or
acute. HUDYAN insures perfect actirtty of
all the orsans concerned in the direatibn of
food and the elimination of the waste products.
Do you suffer with headache. Fig. 1: or is
your complexion pale or sallow. Tig. 2: i« your
tongue coated. Fig:. 3; does your heart flutter,
FIR 4' •» your digestion impaired, Fig>*s: is
your liver torpid, Fis. 6? Or do you have dizzy
Fpellx- are ypu drowsy, tired and tmenersetlc .
All these are the renults of constipation and- are
iymptoms that HUDYAN quickly relieves.
HUDYAN acts pleasantly and gently, yet ef-
fectively; HUDYAN does not produce any dis-
tecuveiy, x agreeable sensations.
. + and la tolerated by the
aac-Ki ANO weakest of stomachs.
M W E L A E N N D In fact. HUDYAN
vYo?/ 1 crWrk strengthens weak
ADVISED .tomachs. The effect
FREE. O f HUDYAN is per-
Call or Write. manent and lasting.
4 -r HUDYAN purifies
the blood, creates rosy
cheeks and a clear ekln. establishes a glow at
health. HUDYAN will give you a splendid ap-
petite; will give you strength. -
HUDYAN Is for sale by all drugsrists at 50c a
package, or six packages for J2 £0.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN send
to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO. CALL
t CONSULT "t Consult t*r«o th*
FREE 7 I Hudy.n Doctors Call
? ¦ ¦ + or write to them.
:: Palace and
I Grand Hotels
' ! T 0T * aearly * «u*rter o£ a csaturr t»»
t JSi* 1 ! 11 * hoUU en th* Pacißa Coast.
With added Imoro'vcmaats and 000-
Tenlences they continue to b« the h«a4-
T ittac San FraacUco.
? . JOU.M a KtRKPATRICTC -
? Manaj»r.
2CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.—
Major Grr.eral Elwell S. Otis will be de
tached from duty as Governor General of
the Philippines and as commander of the
Department of the Pacific immediately
after the arrival of the new Philippine
coir.Tr.is6lon and will be ordered to return
to the United States. This action will be
Jn compliance with wishes of General
Otis, who has Informed the War Depart
ment that he is in need of a respite. The
President believes General Otis can be re
lieved after the arrival of the commission
at Manila, late In April or early In May,
without detriment to the Interests of the
Government. He will be succeeded by
the senior officer In the Islands, probably
Major General Arthur Mac Arthur, who
will be subordinate to the new commis
sion, which will possess plenary powers
and will b*e responsible to the War De
partment.
The granting of such extensive author
ity to the new commission and its assign
ment to duty under the "War Department
mark important departures in the policy
of the Administration. Members of the
Schurman commission have complained
that they were handicapped in their work
by the necessity of subordinating their
action to the military. The decision to
place the Taft commission under the War
Department means that the archipelago
!s now considered domestic territory.
After the suppression of organized re
sistance on the part of tho natives, the
archipelago will be divided into four
grand military departments. Judge Taft,
ac chairman of the commission, will re
main in Manila, supreme head of the ar
chipelago, and will be to all Intents and
purposes governor, although he will not
have that title. The civil affairs of each
military department will be administered
by a commissioner, who ¦will be in every
thing but name Governor of the territory
comprised In that district.
It is expected that the commission will
leave for Manila abo«t April 1. Judge
Taft said to-day he did not expect to re
main in Manila more than two years.
"I am going there with my colleagues,"
he 6aid, "for the purpose of establishing
civil government in all parts of the Isl
ands. I would like to say that I know
nothing of the report that I am to be
Governor General of the Islands. I ex-
SALOON QUARREL LEADS
TO A STABBING AFFRAY
H. A. CARTER DANGEROUSLY
CUT BY G. LUCY.
Wouxded Han Lying in a Critical
Condition at the Hospital — Knife-
Wielder Is Captured.
H. A, Carter, a plpe-fltter, employed by
Messrs. Wyberg & Lawrence, was stabbed
in the groin last night by George Lucy, an
ex-prize fighter, and is now lying at the
Receiving Hospital in a critical condi
tion.
Carter and Lucy met in McDougald's
saloon, at the northeast corner of Sixth
and Folsom streets, early in the even
ing and both became engaged in a heated
argument This led to blows, but friends
separated the twq, and as both signilled
a desire to try conclusions they retired
with their companions to a vacant lot two
blocks away. TJjc men stripped to the
bun* and proceeded to pummel each other.
Carter's sledge-hammer blows proved
too much for Lucy and the latter resorted
to an action not countenanced in the
prize ring. Lucy suddenly pulled a knife
and made a violent lunpe at his oppo
nent and grazed his arm. He repeated the
foul move and the knife blade struck Car
ter in tho groin. Lucy was disarmed be
fore he could do further execution. Car
ter fell to the ground, and as he was
bleeding profusely he was hurriedly sent
to the Receiving Hospital. Doctors Put
nam and Croll worked over him for an
hour and gave it as their opinion that the
man might not survive the stabbing
Carter refused to make any statement
as to what led to the quarrel. He said
that if he died he would carry the secret
of the controversy to the grave, but if he
survived he would let the world know
what it was about.
Lucy was arrested at an early hour this
morning by Officer Riordan and will be
held pending the result of his victim"s In
juries.
Lecture by Lieutenant Calkins.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 7.—
Lieutenant C. G. Calkins, Dewey's navi
gating officer on board the flagship Olym
pia while at Manila, will deliver a lecture
to the students next Tuesday evening.
His subject will be "Cromwell's Quest for
Colonial Empire."
Miss Hardy Promoted.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 7.—
Miss Irene Hardy, instructor in English,
has been promoted to assistant professor
and given a leave of absence for one year.
This time will be spent in literary work.
VENEZUELANS INVADE
BRAZILIAN TERRITORY
Force Sent to Oppose Them Obliged
to Betreat After a Sharp
Fight.
BUENOS ATRES. Feb. 7.— A dispatch
from Rio Janeiro says that the Venezue
lan troops invaded Brazilian territory
and were opposed by the forces of the lat
ter republic, which were forced to retreat
after a serious fight.
CARACAS. Venezuela, Feb. 7.— The
Government troops yesterday again occu
pied San Fernando de Apure. a town in
the State of Apure, seventy miles south of
Calabazo, which had recently been taken
by the revolutionists.
PEACE MEETING THE
CAUSE OF A RIOT
rcORTHAMPTON, England, Feb. 7.—
The announcement that Henry Labou
chere. editor of Truth and Liberal mem
ber of Parliament for Northampton,
would address a peace meeting in the
Northampton Town Hall this afternoon
drew a noisy crowd of opponents, who
c wanned upon the platform and smashed
tho chairs.
Mr. Labouchere's arrival was the signal
for renewed attacks. The promoters of
the meeting were forced off the platform
and chairs were hurled into the body of
the house amid cries of "God save the
Queen."
Mr. Labouchere was struck on the head,
but was not eeriously injured. He man
aged to make his exit, escorted by the
police. A number of other persons were
curt, although not seriously.
Ultimately the opi>onents of the peace
meeting gained the platform and declared
that Northampton had joined York City
in repudiating the critics of the Govern
ment.
COLONEL THOMPSON
ON HIS DEATHBED
Physicians Say That He Can Last But
a Few Hours at the
Most.
TERRE HAUTE. Ind., Feb. 7.— Colonel
Richard W. Thompson is on his deathbed
at the age of 9L
Colonel Thompson has been In .falling
health for several years owing to a gen
eral collapse of his nervous system, and
with each acute attack his recuperative
powers were noticed as falling. Within
recent weeks he would sleep almost con
tinuously for two or three days, to be fol
lowed by periods of wakefuiness for al
most an equal length of time.
The physician at a late hour to-night
said that he expected death at 4 or 5
o'clock In the morning. Colonel Thomp
son's friends and physicians think that he
might have lived longer had it not been
tor excessive rmoking.
SCHOONER JOSIE
GOES ASHORE
Little Hope of Saving
the Vessel.
Er«clal Dlsratca to The Call
SAN MATEO. Feb. 7.— The little forty
three-ton schooner Jcsie went ashore near
Coyote Point last night about 9 o'clock.
&s a result of the severe gale that raged
here during yesterday and only abated
this morning.
The Josle. Captain H. G. Gullikson, and
a crew of two men left San Francisco at
4 p. m. Tuesday, February 6. *^nd after a
very rough voyage arrived off the point.
Her cargo consisted of 26.000 feet of red
wood lumber, consigned to the Fulton &.
Itoss Lumber Company.
Owing to the heavy surf that was run
r.i:ig it was impossible to make the land
;*-g as usuai. and the anchors were
dropped well out from shore. The bottom
b«"ing composed of sand and ehell. how
ever, the anchor* failed to hold and the
little craft and her cargo went broadside
m the beach, where she now lies in a
dangerous position, with the waves
l,reaking over her. The crew remained
fin board all night and suffered severely
from the cold and epray. No attempt
was made to jettison the lumber, as it
was feared the schooner, if lightened up.
would be carried by the eurf high upon
the shore and prove a total wreck.
Whether the craft can be caved when
the sea calms down is as yet very un
certain, as she has filled with water and
Is sinking in the sand.
The Josie is owned by Captain Gullikson
and is not insured.
FEVER IS STILL
RIFE IN JAPAN
British Missionary Killed
in China.
VICTORIA. B. C. Feb. 7.— The steam
ship Empress of China, which arrived
from the Orient this morning, reports lit
tle diminution of the plague In Northern
Japan and numerous deaths among the
workers of the medical brigade.
A fierce agitation has been Instituted
in the Hokurlku districts against the
abolition of Buddhism as the state reli
gion of Japan, and also against the pro
posal that ministers and teachers shall
be excluded from politics.
Piracy Is reported us rife in Canton
waters, and on January 6 the launches of
H. M. S. Tweed attacked the pirate
launch Yuenlng, killing several pirates.
One British bluejacket was fatally
wounded.
Rev. Sydney Brooks, a British mission
ary, is reported to have been beheaded by
natives near Pengyin, China.
Another report is that the Korean Gov
ernment sent 100 soldiers, at the command
of Russia, to kill fifty miners if they
started to work for Morgan's American
Syndicate at Vensen.
Thirty-one factory girls were burned to
death and many injured by the destruc
tion of a factory by fire at Nagoeja.
Another powder explosion at Hangchow
killed IUO people and wrecked one entire
village.
The long-Btandlng boundary dispute- In
the Malayan peninsula between Siam and
Great Britain has been .settled. The
trouble arose about the frontier between
Perak and Raman or Rahiman, an alleged
Siamese tributary State north of Perak.
The dispute was taken over by the British
Government on Perak becoming a pro
tected State and has been pending for
years. The settlement, which is said to
be satisfactory to Great Britain, was
reached through Mr. Greville, the British
Minister at Bangkok.
BULLER'S THIRD ATTEMPT TO REACH LADYSMITH.
The larger picture, from a sketch by a London war artist, shows Thornycroft's and Bethune's' Horse crossing a
drift while scouting on Buller's front on the Upper Tugela. The inserted picture Is from a photograph of a drift oh the
Upper Tugela where the Boers were intrenched to resist Buller's crossing.
pect to remain in Manila only two years
and will then return to the United States
to practice law."
"TAPS" SOUNDS FOR TWO
AMERICAN OFFICERS
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— General Otis
has informed the War Department that
First Lieutenant James B. Toncler of the
Thirty-sixth Infantry died at Manila this
morning of hemorrhagic smallpox. He
was a resident of Tennessee. The adju
tant general has received a cable mes
sage from General Otis as follows:
MANILA.. Feb. 7.— Captain Smith. Nineteenth
Infantry, died at Soged at 8:30 p. m.. February
5. from a runshot wound. The body In a
sealed casket will be shipped to San Francisco.
Captain Smith was a native of Connec
ticut. He graduated from the military
academy In 1879 and was appointed second
lieutenant of the Nineteenth Infantry. He
became a first lieutenant in that regiment
in December, ISS9. and captain in January,
1835. He participated with his regiment in
the Spanish-American war and at its close
served as Collector of Customs at Ponce,
Porto Rico, until last summer, when he
accompanied his regiment to the Philip
pines.
A cable message was received at the
War Department from General Otis to
day as follows:
MAXIL.A, Feb. 7. — Eaeaped Spanish prisoners
report they saw L>teutrnant Stockley a pris
oner In the hands of the Insurgents on January
2S near Anttnomanan. near South Luzon.
The officer referred to Is Second Lieu
tenant Paul D. Stockley of the Twenty
first Infantry, who has been missing from
his company since January 12 last, when
he disappeared at a point in Tallsay,
Balangas.
ISLAND INSURGENTS
DRIVEN FROM LEGASPI
MANILA, Feb. 7.— The insurgents have
been driven out of Legaspi, on Albay
Bay, province of Albay.
The rebels of Tayabas province were
conveying Eome 300 Spanish prisoners to
Libmanan, and on arriving the prisoners,
exhausted and starved, revolted and dis
persed their guards with stones and clubs.
They also captured a few rifles and barri
caded themselves at Libmanan. where
they are awaiting the arrival of American
troops.
sub-committee, and this is understood td
have ehown that when this stiD-commit
tee reports to tho full committee no objec
tion will be made to the provision whlcii
prohibits fortincatlons.
Senator Morgan will oppose an amend
ment for the abrogation of the remaining
features of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty on
the ground that under the terms of arti
cle 1 Great Britain is bound against oc
cupying, fortifying or colonizing Nicara
gua, Costa Rica and the Mosquite coast,
or any part of Central America, or of as
suming or exercising dominion over tha
same.
Inquiry In diplomatic circles by a Call
representative developed that all the mar
itime nations of Europe will accede to tha
Hay-Pauncefote convention. In only ono
quarter may a protest come in case of tha
authorization cf the Nlcaraguan canal.
French financial Interests are heavily in
volved in the Panama canal and it 13 pos
sible that France may call the attention ot
this Government to the injury they will
sustain and suggest compensation or soxna
character.
PARIS. Ftb. 7.— The Temps this after
noon says: '"The abrogation of the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty marks a data in tha
history of the relations of England and
America, and the ratification of the abro
gation will constitute the opening of a
new era. Nothing could contribute mora
to cement the new-born accord between,
the two nations. The check given to tha
Canadian negotiations by the uncompro
mising attitude of Premier Laurier had
shaken the fragile structure which seemed
to rest only on sentimental basis. Lonl
Salisbury has just given it a powerful
prop."
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON*. Feb. 7.—
One day's deliberation upon the Hay-
Pauncefote Isthmian canal treaty by the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
has considerably Improved its chances
for ratification without material amend
ment. The clause prohibiting fortifica
tions at the entrances to the canal will
not be a serious objection 1 to the treaty,
notwithstanding the agitation it at first
caused.
The whole trend of discussion to-day
was decidedly favorable to the treaty and
the prediction was made by one of tho
leading members of the committee that
it would be reported favorably and prac
tically without amendment, though there
may be a few slight changes In the
phraseology. During the discussion sug
gestions were made that a clause be in
eerted abrogating all the features of tho
Clayton-Bulwer treaty and that "Xicara
guan canal" should be substituted for
"Isthmian canal," bo as to conform to
the pending bill. These and Questions of
fortifying the canal were the principal
points of discussion, which finally result
ed In the appointment of a sub-committee
consisting of Senators Da\-is, Morgan and
Lodge, to consider all the amendments
suggested and the full effect of the pend
ing treaty, together with the effect of
portions of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty not
abrogated by the pending instruments.
After the committee had adjourned
there was an informal discussion by the
OTIS WILL BE
RELIEVED OF
HIS COMMAND
General Asks War Department for
a Respite— New Commission
Given Extended Powers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
GOOD PROSPECTS
FOR CANAL TREATY
Clause Prohibiting Fortifications
Will Not Be a Serious Ob
jection.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call*
BULLER'S FORCES AGAIN
BATTLE WITH THE BOERS
Continued From First Page.
Buller the attack on the Boer positions
was begun this morning by nearly the
whole of our batteries— seventy-two guns
-shelling the rl<3ges where the enemy
have their trenches and redoubts on the
Brakfonteln and the low crest facing
Potgicters Drift.
"The enemy suffered severely. Several
hills were smoking like volcanoes from
the effects of the bombardment, which set
on flre their Btores and the grass.
"While the third pontoon bridge was
being constructed under flre near Schlel
Drift the Eleventh Brigade, now under
the command of Colonel Wynne, made a
demonstration against the Brakfonteln
Ridge, marching across the meadows with
the support of seven batteries of artillery.
"At 11 o'clock the enemy opened with a
•heavy cannonade of shrapnel, common
shell and pompln shells, chiefly from
Spion Kop. This was accompanied by a
rattling musketry flre. Our gunners be
haved admirably and were as cool as If
upon parade.
"The demonstration having gained ef
fect, the real attack upon the Boer left
was delivered at 4 o'clock. The Durham
Light Infantry carried Vaal Krantz, the
key to the lower ridges, while General
Hildyard's J brigade assailed the higher
ridges. The general and his troops are
bivouacking upon the field of battle. Jn
the language of boudoir bulletins,
Mother and child are doing welL" Our
losses are trifling."
»
WAR BALLOON A
USEFUL ADVANTAGE
SPEARMANS CAMP, Feb. 7.— The war
balloon has proved a most useful advan
tage, making ascents daily and getting in
formation as to the Boer positions. The
Boers directed a heavy shrapnel flre'ln
the endeavor to destroy the balloon ap
paratus.
The artillery behaved splendidly
throughout, ably covering the infantry re
tirement from the front, attacking in the
face of a heavy Boer shell flre.
It is said that the Boers suffered very
heavily, as their ambulances were hard
at work.
The Boer position consisted of a line of
kopjes, strongly intrenched, extending
three miles from Spion Kop and curving
sharply at the eastern end to the south,
about opposite Zwarts Kop, which is a
steep hill south of the Tugela that the
British occupied before the seizure of Pot
gieters Drift.
After the capture of Krantz Kloof the
heavy Boer flre prevented a further ad
vance Monday. The next morning the
Boers InSulged In long range shell flre,
but in the afternoon they made a vigor
ous attempt to .recapture the position.
Their assault was made upon the north
ern end of the kopje and at first It was
successful. Reinforcements were, how
ever, hurried up and the British recarried
the position at the point of the bayonet
and advanced along the ridge. As the
British have the larger force of troops,
the outlook is hopeful.
IMPORTANCE OF THE
BRITISH MOVEMENTS
LONDON, Feb. B.— This morning's news
from South Africa Is of greatest Impor
tance, showing, as It does, that the re
inforced. British columns are putting
themselves in motion and that a deter
mined, combined attack upon the Boers
Is apparently In progress. ,/¦•""
The significance of the telegram an
nouncing that Lord Roberts and Lord
Kitchener have departed from Cape Town
can only be appreciated when read In con
junction with the reports of movements
on the extreme flanks of the British line.
In Natal General Buller has again
crossed the Tugela, and, according to
latest accounts, was fighting his way to
the relief of Ladysmith and achieving
some success.
Far to the westward, on Methuen's left.
General Mac Donald is threatening the
flank of the Boer forces at Magersfon
tein by his position at Koodoosberg, on
Rict River. From this point he could
turn Cronje's position, and will naturally
attract the Boers toward him. Any
movement he may make" further west
ward will render it easier for Lord Meth
uen to^push forward on tho way to Klm
berley.
In the center of this wide field of war
Lord Roberts, it is thought, at least, feels
himself strong enough to push forward
and convert the defensive attitude which
the British have been maintaining into an
offensive movement directed at the heart
of the Orange Free State.
With a force which does not number far
short of 30,000 men he has commenced his
march upon Bloemfonteln. As to the di
rection of this advance, color Is given to
the report that It Is by way of Colesber*.
by the fact that French's recent vl«slt to
Cape Town was for the purpose of urging
tho commander-ln-chlef to give him re-
inforcements, as he thought that he could
then overwhelm the Boers holding that
position. It is possible that Lord Roberts
may decide to leave General French in
front of the Boers there. and strike out
east from the railway at some point south
of Modder River. In this case Cronje's
army would be menaced in front by' Lord
Methuen and on one flank by General
Mac Donald and on another by Lord Rob
erts, and would be in great danger.
Returning to Buller's movement, he
seems to have had hard fighting from the
start. An agency telegram states that
his further advance was prevented by the
Boers' heavy flre from Spion Kop and
Doom Kloof, and that the British casual
ties amount to 250.
Dispatches from Boer sources say that
the British were beaten back at Pont
Drift, while the position seized by the
British. Krantz Kloof, Is of no importance.
Nevertheless, Bujler has thrust the point
of his wedge Into the Boer line. Instead
of threatening the center and Boer right
by trying a turning movement to the west
he has this time feinted at the center and
broken through on tho left or east of
Spion Kop.
, From Boer sources comes Information
that on Monday Ladysmith had a little
fighting on its own account, probably to
the southward, where the Boers would
naturally be In some strength about On
deobroek and Groblers Kloof.
If Buller's and White's forces converged
In this direction It would be a serious
matter for the Boers there. With the
Tugela behind them. White on their front
and part of Buller's force on their flank
they would be hemmed In, especially as
there Is every probability that a British
brigade Is watching the opportunity for
crossing to the northwest at Colenso and
that Lord Dundonald with, his mounted
men has g^jne to the westward, and tha
roads leading to passes will bo held by
them, thus cut.tln.er off any possible retreat
of the Boers iirect Into the Free State.
General Bufler'a army, as near as can
bo estimated, consists of twenty-four bat
talions of irrfantry, nlno squadrons of
cavalry, nlns 15-pounder batteries, a flve
lnch bowit/cer battery, seven-pounder
mountain boitery and about twenty-four
I naval guns. •
Deducting losses, the forca should total
26,000 regula rs and about TOO colonial
troops. The available field fore© would bo
about 24.CCG men.
m
START FOR THE FRONT.
CAPE TOWN. Feb. 7.— Lord Roberts
and Gcuaral Kitchener have started far
the front.
iS^KSDIT:'! j -.' ~ • * JsacKSDItII I
r*=| vet Our Samples. f=f|N 1
1 ' /m^^^^\ c give sam P les °f these suits and overcoats /^?W^l^s\
i '1MB free t0 any one askins for them ' !»¦ I
Ir(llliipplollI r (llliipploll < 'The-samples will-fully prove the value of the ¦ i
I IK clothes ' " \
I I illf llffl ' ou can as^ any one w^° nows a bout cloth I I
I Wmninf whether the suits or overcoats will be serviceable. Y^^MiM ! I
I if li c sam P les are always cut from the very piece jf. mmJ f
I li 1 11 that is taken to make the clothes. j I p| |v ; | {
Ir If [| ¦' We fully guarantee the making — your moneys if f)jf|:jf I
§ if 111 1 \ worth or your money returned ; a year's repairing 1 1 |H j; I
pi3-sO=Made to order=*i3.sO|
1 |™^2^ The suits and overcoats are $17. Jo and $20.00 JBOX WtQfflt] i
I ;!s^|i§|^S| values— a fact which we take pride in proving. *Ss<j|||k™ |
I A^ c bought the cloth for this sale before the WY || |
I ; /rf^w^^x- trade prices went up— made big purchases at low /ff?s|j^^vJj H
1/PwlliwL ' Through this- we are in a position to make suits f\ |lf jl| 8
IWk Milililij and' overcoats at the-same -prices as would . have ex- SI ili||Ll Ipi f
I II Ilil ; '¦• But we go 'farther than this-we make the suits pi||| iMf 1
1 ' wMmlf ' and overcoats at a special price-hence a $17.*0 Jllll ill q
1 Wo[ : value for $13.50. - %k^M 1
I ||/i ! | ' We are making these $l 3.50 garments in eight p| fjjj j I
1 Ifli : styles' of 'sack suits, -cutaways and overcoats, silk | ||j In j| jy
I •wM ; faced if preferred. f .. ' • \ ' . ||i^ j 1
li |J ||? j If out of town write for catalogue No. 2 containing samples; mention self' l|ji i ; I t|
a V ¦ isJew/411 measurement blank. Jwffl | « i 'i
I 718 Market Street and cor. Powell, and Eddy. n
3ApyiJTH-TTHTTM !»'. M 'Il**,I 1 **,
WHITE HORSE
CELLAR
SCOTCH
WHISKY.
FROM
¦
MACKIE & CO.. ISLAY, SCOTLAND.
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
AGENTS. £11 Sacramento St.. S. V.. CaL
SAD POMP ATTENDS
MAJOR LOGAN'S FUNERAL
Thousands "Witness the Last Bites
Over the Body of the
Soldier.
TOUNGSTOWN, 0., Feb. 7.— Thousands
of citizens and persons fro.m the sur
rounding towns and country passed
through the vestibule of St. John's Epis
copal Church to-day, where the body of
Major John A. Logan lay In state, sur
rounded by military guards. Th casket
was folded about with the national colors,
and across the bier lay a broad band of
silk, engrossed with tne legend,. "Major
John A. Logan. Thirty-third U. S. V."
Great masses of American Beauty roses,
pillows of violets and other rare and
beautiful flowers almost concealed the
casket and were used effectively In the
church interior decorations.
Militia companies and military and civic
organizations from neighboring cites be
gan arriving early in the morning, and
the streets were filled with people.
At 2 o'clock the casket was removed to
the chancel of the church and the funeral
service was held.
The cortege, which was the largest and
most imposing ever witnessed in this
city, passed through the principal streets.
It was in command of Captain James A.
Freed and was composed of a company
of the Seventh United States Infantry
and the regimental band from Fort
Wayne, Mich.; a battalion of militia from
the Fifth Ohio National Guard, in com
mand of Lieutenant Colonel Pond of
Cleveland: G. A. R. posts and Union Vet
eran League Corps; city. officials and citi
zens. Minute guns were fired as the cor
tege moved, and the Interment was made
according to the military rites In the An
drews mausoleum in Oak Hill Cemetery.
«
FREE CONCERT FOR
PARTY LINE SUBSCRIBERS
Helen Merrill Amuses a Friend and
Incidentally Surprises Resi
dents of San Kafael.
Special Dispatch to The Call. :, • -
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 7.— Last night San
Rafael's telephone wires quivered and
thrilled under the flute-like notes of a
prlma donna's voice. Harassed "central"
forgot her troubles and the calls of Im
patient subscribers In the rare delight of
a private lyric recital pouring througn
the medium of her ears into the receiver,
of a distant 'phone. Helen Merrill of
Tlvoli and Australian fame Is resting at
her home here, and it is to prevent her
vocal chords warping during her San
Rafael sojourn that she seeks this means
of exercising her lungs.
Alfred Blumenthal, a violin-playing
prodigy and friend of the lyric artiste, is
the fortunate Individual to whom these
telephonic warblings are transmitted,
and he draws music from his fiddle in re
sponse to her birdlike trills.
Unfortunately for the secrecy of these
musical transactions the line Miss Merrill
affects Is a party one. A staid subscriber
on taking down Mb receiver the other
evening was horrified to hear somebody—
apparently "central"— inform him that
"when he had no money he needn't come
around." "I paid my bill last month," he
shouted Indignantly: "who are you, any
how?" "I'm the warmest baby In the
bunch*' came the reply In a few moments.
The disgruntled citizen cut off and told
the neighbors that "central" was crazy.
The' 'phone warbling habit may become
general, in which case business will 'have
to wait on pleasure, and sordid mer
chants cool their heels while long
haired artists hold the line with inter
mezzos and recitatives.
' — • .
Ledge of Gold Found.
gpecial Dispatch to The Call
BOISE, Jdaho, Feb. 7.— An enormous
gold ledge has been discovered on the
Salmon River. Gold can be seen all
through the ledge with the naked eye.
Many claims have been staked off on top
of the snow and a rush is promised there
In the spring. Miners have been hunting
for years for the ledge that supplies
placer mines in that section. They be
lieve they have it now. The ore was
traced by a float from what was an ob
scure placer worked by an ex-volunteer,
who paid $25 for the ground after he re
turned from Manila. In a few weeks he
took out $2000 In coarse gold and nug
gets. This placer proved to be the near
est to. the supplying ledge. The miners
had been- looking all the time" In the op
posite direction and much lower down on
the river. i - \
Power Plant Sold.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ, Feb.- 7.— The most Im
portant financial and business transac
tion for many years has been closed In
this city. The Big Creek Power Com
pany interests have been sold to . F. W.
Billing, a newcomer of wealth to this
city, and J. Q. Packard, a capitalist and
mine-owner from Salt Lake City. The
consideration was $250,000 cash. Thl* h'.g
plant supplies the power for the opera
tion of the incandescent and arc light sys
tem, the electric railroad and the Califor
nia Powder Works.
Wedded in the East
Special IMgpatch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 7.-Mlss May Hoff
mann of this city was married Tuesday In
Philadelphia to Herbert Farrell of that
city. Mrs. Farrell is the youngest daugh
ter of Christian Hoffmann and has re
cently returned from a tour in Europe.
Mr. tatrrell Is a promising young business
man of Philadelphia and^ is the son of E.
Farrell, who at one time w!as proprietor
of the St. George Hotel, in this, city, and
bad charge of A. P. Hotalins's Interests.
LIVES LOST IN
NORTHERN STORM
DEATHS FROM SUNSTROKE
Appalling Mortality Du© to Heat at
Buenos Ayres.
BTJKN'OS ATRES. Feb. T.— The resi
dents of Buenos Ayres have never expe
rienced such Intense heat as that of Sat
urday, Sunday and yesterday. They were
frreatly alarmed by the number of deaths
from sunstroke. The mortality In Buenos
Ayres, which ordinarily never exceeds
forty dally, reached 150 during the twenty
four hours ending at 5 o'clock Saturday
afternoon. There were 218 cases of sun
stroke on Sunday and 134 cases resulted
fatally up to 6 o'clock In the evenlnpr.
There were thirty-four cases of sunstroke
Monday; one of them was fataL Mon
day night a heavy rain cooled the atmos>
phere.
rift/ "1 LJL A«rro»« Oisenmea Failing lleta-
R/Sfrf OTJ ' Slemplrmsaama. «c. caused by o»«n.
Kf "<wk «<• Indiscretion*. Thorn quicktv
T» «£K£ •*"* ntrtttf restore Lost Vitality ta old
J* °* iwuut. and nt a maa for •n2r. bnri-
Mrf^V 6^ BMS or P '.«*«> rs. Prevent InaanitT an/i
bm »ho« immadi&i* improvement .and effects CURS
when all others fall. Insist nponhaTlng the geanln*
AJax Tablet*. They hay. cared thowacila and Will
core too. Wo siya a poaltivs written roaraatM to « i.
feet a car* in each earn or refund tho money/ frloa
WU Lib. mentj for S2.BO bjmail. tnplaia wracLen
aponwcelptofprice. Circulars trio. P tw *
AJAX REMEDY CO., 7 |£££^«.
For tale In 8. V. by Lelpnlta * Co^No Pw-
eeataf* Dru< Co.. Owl Drug Co.. & jr.. Oakld.
f%| I f~£> Completely eradicated witSi-
V9lV 9 1 I ¦" out cu «ln* or tytrur. Na
¦ I LLO cvr *» no Bar- For Informa-
tion address S. V. RECTAL.
¦088881 INSTITUTE. U79 UmJmW
| With Mouthpiece I
IO cents for XO 1
§ Monopol Tobacco Works j|
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE
WEDDED IN SAN JOSE
Miss Annette O. Butler Becomes the
Wife of J. M. Cremin of
This City.
Special Dispatch to The Call. \ ',¦;•¦-.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 7.—An impressive nup
tial mass joined Miss Annette G.^Butler
of this city and James M. Cremln of San
Francisco in wedlock, at. St. Joseph's
Church, at 7 o'clock this morning. Only
a few immediate * friends were present.
The ceremony was performed by Rev.
Father Walshe. assisted by Rev. Father
Gleason. The bridesmaid was Miss Nellie
O'Brien, a cousin of the groom, while W.
P. O'Brien, another cousin, acted as best
man. Some exquisite music was ren
dered by. Professor Buehren, organist of
the church, accompanied by Professor
Brohaska on the violin.
Immediately after the ceremony the
wedding party enjoyed an elaborate
breakfast at the St. James Hotel. ,
The bride is the daughter of Mrs. R. F.
Butler of Grass Valley, and niece of Judge
and Mrs. M. P. O'Connor of this city. She
made her home with her aunt and uncle
here most of the time, and graduated
from the Convent of Notre Dame here.
Miss Butler is one of the most popular
young ladies in San Jose society. Air.
Cremln is also well known here. Mrs. R.
F. Butler, mother. of the bride, and Mrs.
M. H. Alexander of Oakland were pres
ent at the ceremony. , _ ¦¦„
Mr. and Mrs. Cremln left on the 9:20
train for a wedding tour, which will In
clude I*os Angeles and Coronado. They
will be gone about three weeks, after
which they will reside in San Francisco.
9
May Sell the Light Tower.
:: SAN JOSE Feb. 7.— The directors of
the light and power company have about
determined to sell the big electric light
tower, the only one of the kind in the
United States, which for nearly twenty
years has been the attracttlve sight of
San Jose. It has not been lighted regu
larly for several years, and lately It has
got out of repair. A decision will be ar
rived at at a- meeting on Saturday,
PRUNE-GROWERS MEET.
Organization Successfully Effected in
Sonoma County.
Eppeial ry.sM.tch to The Call.
HEALDSBURG, Feb. 7.— A meeting of
the prune-growers of this section of So
noma County was addressed this after
noon by Judge W. H. Alken in the inter
est of the California Cured Fruit Asso
ciation. W. E. Woolsey, Sonoma Coun
ty's director In the association, was also
present and addressed the meeting.
A local organization was formed, with
the following officers: President, W*. N.
Gladden; vice president, A. E. Burnham;
secretary, A. li. Gallaway. The meetipg
was very successful, many of the largest
prune-growers in this section signing the
contracts. A. J. Gallaway and A. E.
Burnham will canvass this part of the
county in the interest of the association.
Seeks Heavy Damages.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 7.— Mrs. Maggie
Dobson began a suit against the South
ern California Railway Company to-day,
asking for $10,000 damages for being hit
on the head by a transom while she was
riding In one of the cars of defendant
compaxiy. She was on her way to Ire
land, and her trip, ehe alleges, was cut
short by the accident.
Cat this ont and send it to me. I will
mail you, closely sealed, free, a beau-
tifully illustrated 80-page book, tellingf
how men break down from excess, ex-
posure and dissipation, and# when their
vitality is exhausted, how it can be re-
stored and the full vigor of manhood re-
newed.^i
This is done with my Electric Belt. th«
result of 20 years' study. Read this
book. It will make any man better,
mentally and physically.
dr. if -A. "Mclaughlin,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F.;
Burdick Block, cor. Spring and Second
Sts.. Los Angeles.
UNION BANK DEPOSITORS
WILLING TO COMPROMISE
Many . Will Be Satisfied With the
Eighty-Five Per Cent
Offered.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ;
SAN JOSE, Feb. 7.— At a meeting of a
number of depositors of the Insolvent
Union Savings Bank to-day It was agreed
to accept 85 cents on the dollar from the
stockholders. The 6 per cent dividend al
ready paid Is not Included In this.
The depositors had not yet sued on
their accounts. A number of stockholders,
headed by J. Letter, made a proposition
that the stockholders pay an assessment
of $30 per share and then turn over the
assets of the bank to the depositors, and
the stockholders to be released of all
further liability, the $30 to be paid in
three installments of $10 each, In thirty,
sixty and ninety days. The depositors
agreed to accept the offer provided the
assets and assessment would give them 85
cents on the dollar.
This meeting of depositors consists of
but a small number of the- 1700 who had
accounts In the bank, and the matter of a
compromise may not be effected. The ma
jority of the depositors are represented by
Attorney J. R. "Welch, and they have as
yet taken no action in the matter of com
promise. The property of all the stock
holders has been attached, and it is ex
pected the stockholders will try to com
promise the matter.
Over a year has now elapeed since the
failure and the depositors so far have
only received a 5 per cent dividend.
» .
COLLISION IN A FOG.
Two Railway Employes Killed and
Two Injured.
CHICAGO, Feb. 7.— ln a fog to-day two
switch engines on the Y. isconsln Central
Railroad collided at Franklin Park. Two
men were killed, another sustained what
are thought to be fatal Injuries and a
fourth was severely injured. The dead:
JOHN HOLWELL, switchman.
MICHAEL LYNCH, switchman.
The injured: Archie Griffith, left leg
severed near the hip; Michael Dolan, in
charge of one of the switch engines, a
fracture. of the left leg. "Vv
Refinery Closed.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 7.— Under or
ders from the officials of tho American
Sugar Refining Company the refinery has
been closed, throwing out of employment
1000 men. It was announced to-day at
McCahan's refinery, which is a rival of
the American Sugar Refining Company,
that the plant will be temporarily closed
within a few days. Nearly 2000 are em
ployed at this place.
Outlaw "Bill" Cook Dead.
ALBANY, N. V., Feb. 7.— "Bill" Cook,
who was sentenced in 1895 to forty-five
years' imprisonment in the Albany Peni
tentiary, died there to-day of consump
tion. He was once one of the most noto
rious desperadoes of the Indian. Territory.
Coal on Rapid River.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, Feb. 7.— lnterest has been
aroused by the discovery of a large de
posit of anthracite coal on Rapid River.
Tests made by a Pennsylvania expert
show it to be of the finest quality.
. -m . ¦
Favors Repeal of Horton Law.
ALBANY, N. V., Feb. 7.— By a vote of
9 to 3 the Assembly Committee on Code
decided to report favorably to-morrow the
bill of Morton E. Lewis, which provides
for the entiro repeal of the so-called Hor
ton law. The bill Is amended so as to
make it take effect on September 1, 1900 v
- ' i 0 '¦
Delegates Elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 7.— Charles Crag
hill, J. H.Bilodeau and I. L. Blalsdall
have been elected delegates from; Santa
Cruz Lodge, A. O. U. W., to attend the
meeting of the Grand-Lodge in San Fran
cisco. -•
THE CHRISTIANS
IN CONVENTION
State Meeting of Y. M.
C. A. at Redlands.
Bp«cial Dispatch to The Call.
REDLANDS, Feb. 7.— The nineteenth
annual State convention of the Young
Men's Christian Association will open in
this city to-morrow afternoon. It will be
the first State convention ever held In
Redlands, and great preparations are be
ing made to entertain the delegates. Be
sides leading men of the association from
all parts of California, several distin
guished workers from the East will be
present. C. A. Ober of Chicago, the inter
national secretary and a veteran Young
Men's Christian Association worker, will
make an address on the "Forward Move
mDIIm D Ilt A. Sinclair, the general secretary, of
Dayton, Ohio, will also be among the
speakers. He Is one of the most success
ful workers in the association. In which
he has labored since IS7I, and but three
have been longer in the harness.
The Redlands Association has a mem
bership of 300. carrying on successfully,
the work in all branches. The association
largely takes the place in Redlands of
young men's clubs, of which there are
none here. During the past few years the
association has been very prosperous, and
within a few weeks the indebtedness of
$16,500 on the building will be reduced to
$7000. John L. Spears, the Redlands sec
retary, has been In the work eighteen
years and is a very successful and popu
lar worker. • ¦
MOTHER OF JAPAN'S
EMPEROR IS DEAD
Prospects for Raising the Transport
. N Morgan City Are Very
Good.
VICTORIA, Feb. 7.— The Bteamer Em
press of China brings news of the death
of the mother of the Japanese Emperor,
Nil No Tsubone, January 15.
News Is also brought that Miller, the
American convicted of the murder of a
Japanese woman in "Bloodtown." Yoko
hama, was executed on the 16th. He did
not learn of the decision of the authori
ties to carry out the sentence of death
until the afternoon of the day preceding
hia execution.
The total number of cases of plague in
Hongkong in 1599 were' 1486 and the
deaths 1423. ' <
The American transport Morgan City,
which went ashore last summer in the In
land sea of Japan, will probably be
raised. She can be taken from the water
for 65,000 yen and the cost of repairing
her would amount to 80,000 yen.
TRIPLE TRAGEDY.
Colorado Man Shoots Wife, Daughter
¦' and Himself.
DENVER, Feb. 7.— A special to the
Times from Black Hawk, Colo., says:
W. M. Allen, a carpenter, this morning
shot and killed his daughter Zula, 16
years old. In her bed, then shot his wife
twice and finally shot himself in the
breast. The mother and father are
dying. The cause assigned for the shoot
ing Is dissatisfaction expressed by Mrs.
Allen because she was compelled to live
In Black Hawk. The family formerly
lived In Rock Island, 111., and Kansas
City, Mo.
Injuries Prove Fatal.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 7.— George P.
Carter, who was Injured by the explosion
of a gasoline _pump yesterday, died at
noon to-day. The two others Injured are
recovering.
Workmen Elect Delegates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Feb. 7.— Woodland Lodge
No. 22, A. O. U. W.. has elected D. O.
Bean and John Mohler delegates to the
Grand Lodge. . ,
BLIZZARD RAGING
IN THE SOUTHWEST
Mercury's Sudden Drop in Colorado
and New Mexico Disastrous
to Stock.
DE>TVER, Feb. 7.— A blizzard has been
raging to-day over Colorado and adjoining
States. It Is especially severe in New
Mexico, where the mercury is near zero,
and already about six Inches of snow has
fallen. Dispatches from New Mexico
show that the storm is the worst ever ex
perienced at Springer.* where there was
a drop of 25 degrees in as many minutes
this afternoon. Lamar and Trinidad, Col.,
report zero weather, and the sudden
Change from almost summer weather
which has prevailed for the last two
months causes considerable suffering to
stock. It Is not expected that results will
be serious, however. Railways are being
interfered with to some extent. The mer
cury registers 10 above In Denver.
The coldest weather Is reported from
Sheridan Lake," Col., where the mercury
was 14 degrees below zero at 10 o'clock
to-night and still falling. Stockmen in
that 1 vicinity are very anxious about, their
cattle. Idaho Springs, Col., reports the
temperature 5 degrees below zero. At
Cheyenne, Wyo., It s at zero and a fifty
mile gale blowing. At Walsenburg, Col.,
twelve Inches of snow on the level had
fallen at 8 o'clock, and It was still coming
down.
GRABER USED A KNIFE.
Mrs. Lewis Receives an Ugly Wound
While Disarming TTiTn,
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 7.— Harry Graber.
a yourg man living In this city, was ar
rested this evening by Constable Agnew,
charged with assault to commit murder.
Graber. while searching for his wife, who
had left her home, went to the home of
Mrs. Lewis. Here he became involved in
a fight with Jerome Lewis, a local
plumber, and drawing a knife made a
lunge to strike at him. Mrs. Lewis, how
ever, grabbed the knife from his hand be
fore it could strike Jerome, and she re
ceived a deep cut in the right hand.
Agnew had considerable trouble In arrest-
Ing Graber, as he made much resistance.
His case will be heard before Judge
Gardiner to-morrow.
WESTERN UNION BOND SALE.
Proceeds to Be Used for Refunding
. V, ; Issues Now Ihie.
NEW YORK. Feb. 7.— The report that
the Western Union Telegraph Company
has negotiated the sale of $10,000,000 of
four and a half per cent funding and real
estate bonds is confirmed by the officers
of the company. They add that the pro
ceeds^f the sale are to be used for the
refunds; of $761,000 6 per cent bonds due
March 1, and $4,920,000 7 per cent bonds
due May 1 for new property and lines al
ready acquired and constructed, includ
ing new cables to Cuba, and for new lines
to be constructed.
Second Through Train Put On.
SALT LAKE, Utah., Feb. 7. — Officials
of the Union Pacific, Oregon Short Line
and Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany met here to-day and decided to place
in service a second through train between
Portland and Chicago, the train to leave
Portland in the morning. At Ogden this
morning the officials named, with North
western and Southern Pacific officials,
met to discuss changes to be made In
through service on account of the Southern
Pacific's recent change for the benefit of
th Rio Grande lines. The through serv
ice, however, via the " latter route, will
not be materially changed. Tho Ogden
gateway was not discussed.
Quietly Wedded.
Special Dispatch to Tbo Call.
PACIFIC GROVE. Feb. 7.— Miss Flora
Belle Shirley of this place was married
yesterday to Sumner E. Phllbrlck, an
lowa capitalist who came to Paciric
Grove to reside abont a year ago. The
ceremony took place at the home or th«
bride. Rev. Dr. W. C. Gray of the Pa
cific Grove M. E. Church officiating. The
affair was quiet, only relatives and Inti
mate friends of the bride and bridegroom
being present. After the ceremony Mr.
and Mrs. Phllbrick left for San Francisco,
whence they will take an extended Jour
ney through the Eastern States, return
ing to Pacific Grove in the spring.
Turkish Wrestler Defeated.
CLEVELAND, Feb. 7.— Tom Jenkins
and Karra Osman, the Turk, were to
have wrestled catch-as-catch-can style
here to-night, best three out of fir© falls.
The Turk worked around the mat for an
hour and a quarter, and after making In
numerable attempts to fell Jenkins threw
up his hands and gave the match to his
opponent. There were 2000 spectators In
the gymnasium of the Cleveland Whetsl
Club to see the event, which was to have
been for the championship o* the world.
Two Railroad Men Killed.
DENVER. Feb. 7.— A special to the
News from Florence, Colo., says & freight
train on the Florence and Cripple Creek
road became unmanageable this afternoon
on acotmt of a slippery track on a heavy
grade near Glen Brook, twenty miles
north of Florence. The engine and eleven
cars of ore left the track and were de
molished. Fireman Nevins and Brakeman
F. M. Alverson were killed and Engineer
Ed Granger fatally Injured. , .
FRANKFORT, Ky., Feb. 7.— So far
as the situation In the controversy
over the Governorship of Kentucky
Is concerned, there was practically
no change to-day. Governor Tay
lor has not yet affixed. "his, signature to
the Louisville agreement, 'and, although
the general opinion is that he will ulti
mately do so, the probabilities are that,
he will not sign It until some time to
morrow, if then. .
Governor Taylor refused* absolutely to
day to make any statement in regard to
his probable action in the matter, and
during most of the flay declined to re
ceive any callers except his legal advis
ers. It was announced early In the day
that some action might be expected after
a conference between Governor Taylor
and Judge Yost, Attorney Fairleigh, Gov
ernor Bradley and W. C. P. Breckinridge.
The last named three, however, did not
arrive In Frankfort during the day, and
this afternoon Governor Taylor sent tele
grams to Governor Bradley, Augustus E.
Wlllson, Judge Barr and Attorney Fair
leigh, asking them to come to. Frankfort
for a conference to-night.
Mr. Willson was the only one to arrive.
Shortly after 8 o'clock to-night he. In
company with Judge Yost and General
Dan Lindsay, called on the Governor and
immediately went into a conference with
him. Before going Into the conference
Judge Yost said It probably would be a
lengthy one, and that he did not expect
any action to be taken to-night. Up to
a late hour no announcement had been
made as to the result of the conference.
Every section of the Louisville agreement
was gone over carefully, but it is under
stood that the principal thing under dis
cussion was the section bearing upon the
passage of a new election law.
The repeal of the Goebel law is the one
thing most strongly desired by Governor
Taylor, and as the language of the Louis
ville agreement is considered by him alto
gether too vague as regards this matter,
it is considered possible that changes may
be made in the way of making the clause
more specific before Governor Taylor af
fixes his signature to the agreement. This,
of course, would Involve further delay,
as it would necessitate a further confer
ence between the Republican and Demo
cratio leaders who were Instrumental In
drawing up the agreement at Louisville.
Action of this kind, indeed, was intimated
by a prominent Republican to-day, al
though nothing either in confirmation or
denial could be procured at the executive
offices. 'z. _ , ,
Another cause for Governor Taylor's
delay In regard to the agreement is said
to be the cry of "victory" and "surren
der" sent up by the Democrats.
The agreement as presented to Governor
Taylor Is understood to be somewhat dif
ferent from the published abstracts, In
that the clause regarding the election law
and one or two other matters Is much
more specific than It Is generally under
stood to be. though not strong enough to
pult him. For this reason the rank and
file of the Republican party In the State
apparently believe there Is some founda
tion for the claims set up by the Demo
crats, and scores of telegrams have
poured" in upon Governor Taylor In the
past two days, urging him not to sign the
agreement, but to maintain his present
position and await further developments.
TAYLOR ASKED NOT
TO SIGN AGREEMENT
LOUISVILLE, Feb. 7.— The existence of
a hitch In the peace negotiations, and
speculation as to Its probable duration,
occupied the minds of. politicians, to the
exclusion of everything else, to-day. Thaf
Much Damage Done in
Vancouver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 7^-One dead
man and another who was picked up Just
before he had expired were brought to
the city to-night by the steamer Comox.
The two men, George Clarke, nearly 60
years old, and Charles Johnston, had a
terrible experience In the storm that
swept up the coast on Monday night.
They were In a fishing sloop and were
overturned at 8 o'clock on Monday night.
They succeeded in getting on top of the
boat and remained there all through the
night, being nearly swept off by the waves
several times. They were carried by the
wind into Desolation Bay, King Horn
Sound, and were not picked up by the
Comox until this morning, after they had
been on the boat for nfty-slx hours with
out food or drink. The old man's suffer
ings were terrible. He went practically
Insane early on Tuesday and gradually
succumbed.
On Tuesday evening the steamer passed
near them on her way north. They hailed
the boat In the darkness, but did not
make themselves heard and they stayed
there the whole of another night. Clark*
wept like a child when the steamer passed
without taking, them on board. On Tues
day afternoon Johnston tried to swim
ashore, but the surf was too rough and
the poor fellow had to awlm back to the
boat and Just had strength to pull himself
aboard again. An hour before the Comox
found them this morning Clarke died.
The other man pulled the body further
up on the boat and held on to It until
the steamer showed up. He was too weak
to move and had to be lifted on board.
The dead man was an Eastern Canadian
and a well-known logger.
In the city of Vancouver much damage
was done, but no lives were lost. The
wind, which became almost a cyclone, at
tained a velocity of fifty-five miles an
hour. Along the water front the waves
broke over the wharves and bridges,
sweeping away boathouses, wrecking
boats and dashing two steam launches
against the pier, batting the craft into
total wrecks. Two stone-laden scows
went adrift and were wrecked, and two
steamers broke their moorings and were
brought to their docks with great diffi
culty. Telephone wires In the suburbs
are down and the long distance system
is completely paralyzed.
Trees were torn up by the roots, flagstaffs
and chimneys fell and a cottage on the
Westminster road was crushed like an
egg shell by a gigantic tree which was
blown down and fell on the roof. Though
there were three occupants tn the house
at the time, all escaped Injury. The
damage to residences, factories, wharves
and shipping will aggregate many
thousands of dollars.
Kentucky Situation at a Standstill
Pending a Confer ence of
another conference between the repre
sentatlves of the two parties may be nec
essary before a final agreement is reached
was Indicated by the -. summoning to
Frankfort this afternoon of Republican at
torneys, who have all alpng advised the
leaders of that party and some of whom
were present 'at Tuesday, night's confer
ence. These included ex-Governor Brad
ley, A.E. Wilson and David W. FalrleigU.-
The last named was said to be out or tna
city. The others left on an afternoon
train for Frankfort. They would not talk
of the negotiations, not being advised as
to the particular points Governor Taylor
wished to discuss with them.
The Republicans of this city are not
agreed as to the wisdom of aloslng tne
negotiations on the basis of the agree
ment reached Tuesday night Postmaster
Baker and some other Federal officers
think the sacrifice should be made in
the interest- of peace, while the press and
the anti-administration faction of. the
city believe the fight should be kept up.
The latter, or Davis faction, held a meet
ing to-night, at which resolutions were
adopted urging Governor Taylor not to
sign the agreement. *
John Marshall. Republican Lieutenant
Governor, said this afternoon that _bo
many protests were being made by «e
publicanß against the terms of the peace
agreement that., he was doubtful If it
would be signed. , .
A majority of th© Democratio members
of the Legislature are in the city, and
until Friday at least the headquarters of
that body. will remain here. About thirty
Democratic members came down from
Cincinnati to-day.- Twenty or more have
been here since Sunday, while others are
at their homes at nearby towns.- Sessions
of both houses were held at the tiitn
avenue Hotel at 1 o'clock. Forty members
of the House - responded to their names
when Speaker Trimble called that body to
order. A quorum not being present, the
sergeant-at-arms was ordered to eeciire
the attendance of absent members, me
House then adjourned until }°- mm ° rr °^;
Similar action was taken in the Senate,
where President L. H. Carter and twelve
members were present. The meeting to
morrow will be held simply to comply
with the law. By Friday It is expected a
quorum of each House will be present. If
that Is the case the Legislature will ad
journ to meet Monday in Frankfort, if
the peace negotiations are in a satisfac
tory state, ff not, regular bus ness will
be taken up and the sessions will be con
tinued in this city In accordance with the
plans which were being carried out last
Sunday when overtures for a peace con
ference were made. ' «_h«« *n
This city will send a large delegation to
Frankfort to-morrow to attend the funenu
of Governor Goebel. Mayor Weaver and
many of the city officials will "-"f 1 * " d
the Democratio clubs will be well repre
6e Loulsville merchants are much dis
turbed because of the effect the political
agitation of the past few months has had
oE their business. In that out of town
buyers are keeping away pending a settle
"mSSo^.^^T^T rumor be
came current to-day that a message had
been received saying Governor Taylor had
signed the conference agreement «Ln<l the
London Legislature would be recalled.
Senator Jolly sent the following telegram
to the chief executive this morning;
"Discouraging reports here. The mem
bers are unanimously against agreement.
Imperative to know condition at once.
This telegram was accompanied by an
other from Representative Kllday to the
Governor, which reads as follows:
"Make no compromise of our rights un
der the constitution and the law. We
represent the people of this common
wealth for a free election and a fair count.
Any attempt on the part of any man or
• set of men to set aside the result of the
last election by force,- fraud or vicious
legislation without the consent of the peo-
pie Is treason. We therefor© pledge you
our support and lives if you will but stand
by the election returns as counted by the
Electoral Commission. All members agre©
to this." . ,':• - .
ARRANGEMENTS FOR
THE GOEBEL FUNERAL
FRAJsTCFORT, Ky., Feb. 7.— The fu
neral services of the late Governor Goe
bel will commence at noon to-morrow In
the parlors of the Capitol HoteL The
Bervlces proper will be preceded by a
short procession in the streets of the
town. The procession will be headed by
a platoon of police, the City Council, city
officials, the grand marshal and 'his aids,
and will be followed by a band of muslo,
secret societies, citizens on foot and the
honorary pallbearers, in the order named.
Then will come the hearse, with the
active pallbearers walking by its side,
these to be followed by the relatives,
members and officers of the Legislature,
officers of the State, Judges ana officers
of courts and friends In carriages, In the
order named. Following these will come
citizens on horseback.
The procession will form In the western
part of the city and after marching
through a few of the principal streets will
go past the west door of the Capitol Ho
tel, where the hearse and relatives will
take their places In the line and the
march will then be taken up for the cem
etery on the hllL . • '
When the committee on arrangements
met this afternoon there was considerable
debate as to whether It was advisable for
the funeral .procession to pass the capl
tol grounds, where the soldiers are en
camped and in which the dead man was
shot down. Some members of the commit
tee were fearful that In the excited state
of feeling that existed some partisan in
the procession would allow his feelings to
override his Judgment and fire a shoj. or
two into- the capitol grounds and create
trouble. Others were strongly in favor of
having the parade take the route that
would require it to march past the cap
itol square. The question provoked much
dlsusslon, but It was finally decided that
the march past the capitol grounds
should be made and the route was bo ar
ranged. -*''"¦.. '¦¦vi.
Immediately after the ceremonies In the
hotel parlor the procession will return to
the square In front of the Capitol Hotel,
where It will disband. There will be no
Interment to-morrow, the body being
placed In the vault to await the selection
of a suitable site for the grave and monu
ment, which Is to be erected later.
POSSIBLE CLEW TO
GOEBEL'S ASSASSIN
PEORIA, HL, Feb. 7.— The police of Pe
orla have unearthed what they think Is
a clew to the assassin of Governor Goebel
of Kentucky. A young man arrived in
the city last fall whose name was George
F. Ahlers, claiming that his father was a
member of the firm of Hoffman & Ahlers,
Cincinnati. He claimed Kentucky as his
home, and when under the Influence of
drink was easily excited and would work
himself into a violent passion while dis
cussing politics. He said repeatedly that
it was his evidence that acquitted Mr.
Goebel of the charge of murder. He was
very bitter in his denunciation of Goebel
and offered to bet large sums of money
that Goebel would be assassinated before
he reached the gubernatorial chair. He
said, a near relative of Goebel's victim
wa* pledged to kill the Governor, but Jn
cafio he failed to keep hi 3 word others
would not fail. He left Peorla some time
before the Kentucky tragedy and his
present whereabouts is not known.
BICKFORD DENIES
BRIBERY CHARGES
Testifies on Behalf of
Clark.
?
HELENA. Mont., Feb. 7.-^Asso
ciate Justices of the Supreme Court
Hunt and Piggott have been subpe
naed to be in Washington February
16 and testify in the Clark case. It
is expected that they will furnish
testimony of a sensational charac
ter growing out of the Wellcome
disbarment. Both asked to be ex
cused, but the Senate Committee
declined to let them off.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— Walter M.
Blckford was practically the only witness
before the Senate Committee on Elections
In the Clark Investigation to-day. ,He was
one of Senator Clark's especial friends
in the last Montana Senatorial campaign.
Blckford contradicted much of the testi
mony of Speaker Stiff, Senator Myers,
Representative Sullivan, Dr. Ector, Mr.
Cowen and others. He, however, admit
ted haiing tendered to Dr. Ector $7000
with which to lift the indebtedness of
Representative Woods of Revelll County,
paying that he had not Intended that
Woods should know of his doing this and
that his only purpose was to control the
debt so that the Daly people could not get
hold of it and thus force woods into vot
ing contrary to his inclination. He re
ceived the money from Senator Clark's
son, and when it was not accepted for
Mr. Woods by Ector he returned it to.
Clark.
Blckford explained the purchase of
timber land owned by Representative Mo-
Laughlin prior to the meeting of the Leg
islature. He contended that the property
was worth more than had been paid for it
and that the timber was necessary in
Clark's business. In his deal with Mc-
Laughlin the .witness had never talked
with him concerning the Senatorial situa
tion nor tried to influence him In that
connection to vote for Clark. •
On his cross-examination Blckford said
that he was counsel for Clark, but after
saying that he would not tell what his fees
had been, he said that all told Clark had
paid him $2500 as counsel. He said Wil-,
flam McDermott had refunded to him the
money expended in the campaign and he
thought McDermott was engaged In
Clark's interest.
During the day the committee formally
declined for the present to allow the de
fense to go Into the campaign of 1893.
TAYLOR NOT YET
READY TO YIELD
URGES MEDIATION
TO END THE WAR
Speech of Shafroth in
the House.
»
WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— The House
finished the diplomatic and consular bill,
passing It substantially as it came from
the committee. There was some desultory
discussion of the Philippine question and
the war in South Africa, the principal
feature Leiue the speech of Shafroth In
favor of mediation in the British-Boer
¦car under the provisions of The Hague
treaty. The diplomatic bill as passed car
ries i3.T43.iWS. <•.
Shafroth declared that under The Hajue
treaty Knpiand could not consider an offer
of mediauon an unfriendly act. In reply
to questions he insisted that the South
African republic was an independent Gov
ernment, notwithstanding Great Britain's
claim of suzerainty. While the British
were demanding relief in the South Afri
can republic, he said, 3000 Dutch residents
of British Guiana, born upon British soil,
who are not allowed to hold official posi
tions In the executive or judicial branches
of the colonial government, were petition
ing for relief. Their cases were almost
analogous to those of the UHlanders in
the Transvaal, yet Great Britain refused
to listen to the Dutch in her own colony.
Shafroth said he did not advocate armed
intervention or even mediation, but only
the tender of our good offices under sec- ,
t!on 3 of The Hague treaty.
Grosvenor of Ohio replied briefly to Sha
troth, saying that the ratifications of The
Hague treaty have not been exchanged.
He said he sympathized with any people ;
struggling for liberty. He set the House
Into a roar with the suggestion that a
committee of twentv-flve members at sal
aries of £10.000 each be appointed to roam
over the earth to discover where wrongs
have been committed and to report to tbw
House in order that the United States
might go to war every time the kin of any
of our constituents were oppressed.
William Alden Smith of Michigan said
he w<is. n«t- authorized to spealc for the
administration, but he knew that if our
Government were asked to act by either
-party* to -the conflict It 6 kindly offices
would be willingly placed at their dis
posal. He did not state that such offer
ha<l been made.
Gillett of Massachusetts defined his po
sition relative to the Philippines, declar
ing that, in his opinion, the "natives of the
ls!ar..is were not lit for self-government
c.nd would not b<» within his lifetime, and
that as they had come to us by treaty
the only question now open was. How
chall we govern them?
Terrj' of Arkansas eald the Republican
party *had changed very greatly since
ISCO, wf.en It stood for the liberation of
the slaves. Now under its auspices slavery
was recognized and tolerated in the Phil
ippines.
PORTO RICAN TARIFF BILL.
Republican Committeemen Not Unan
imous for the Measure.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.-r-It . developed
to-day in connection with the Porto Rico
tariff bill that the majority of the Ways
Bnd Means Committee was not unani
mous for the measure or for the principle
it involved as to the government of terri
torial acquisitions, and that Representa
tive McCalL Republican member of the
committee from Massachusetts, had rre
f rnted a strong dissenting report. Vi hen
the Ways and Means Committee passed
on the bill last week McCall withheld liis
vote the understanding being that he had
not yet given that careful study to the
issues involved necessary to permit him
to vote either way. In other respects the
vote was on party lines, all Republicans
except McCall \oting for the bill, and all
the Democrats against it. The Ways an l
Means Committee at Its meeting to-day
reached a decision that the debate on tne
Porto Rico tariff bill should begin on the
6th and last one week.
ELECTION OF SENATORS.
Miaority Report on the Bill Pre
sented in the House.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 7.— A minority re
port has been made to the House on the
bill for the election of Senators by the
people. It concurs with the principle of
the bill, but urges direct election without
awaiting legislative approval for a
change of system, as proposed by the ma
jority- The report Btates that there is
widespread public demand for the election
of Senators, in part impelled by a "senee
of righteous indignation aroused by ac
cusations of alleged methods sometimes
employed by gentlemen whose ambitions
l^ad them to seek a seat in the United
States Senate."
Under f=uch circumstances Rucker and
Ze'.gler. who sign the report, say the time
has come when the exalted position of
United States Senator shall not be open
to the suspicion of being purchasable.
For a Buffalo Reservation.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— The House
Committee on Public Lands to-day acted
favorably on a bill by Representative
Mondell allowing a second homestead to
one who has committed or has lost his
homestead without a rellnqulshment for
value. The committee also heard Colonel
"Buffalo" Jones In favor of the bill for a
buffalo reservation In New Mexico. He
Ftated that the American buffalo was al
most extinct, the entire number the world
ni'«r *i*>lr<ir nhoiit 20! l or 400.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, V THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
MOLINEUX CASE
NEARING AN END
Expected to Go to the
Jury To-Day.
NEW TORK. Feb. 7.— Barlow a Weeks
to-day concluded hia summing op of tha
defense In the trial «f Roland B. Molineux,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Kath
erlne J. Adams by poison sent to Harry
Cornish. Assistant District Attorney Os
borne began the argument for the prose
cution and had not finished when court
adjourned until to-morrow, whan It la ex
pected the case will go to the jury-
Weeks continued bis analysis of the tes
timony Introduced, declaring that part of
It waa falsehood and that the prosecution
had utterly failed to prove a motive, lie
took up the relations of Mollneux and
Cornish and asserted that there was no
proof of malice toward Cornish on the
defendant's part. Weeks to-day did not
repeat his attack on Cornish.
Osborne at the outset of the argument
stated that Cornish's connection with tno
case was thoroughly looked into at the
start, before any arrest was made, and
that Cornish was put through a most
searching examination.
Th© allegation that one of the Jurors
had said that "he would not hang a doff
on such evidence" was Investigated to
day and found to be without basis.
Mollneux's father, mother and wife were
In court all day. The prisoner's wife wept
bitterly during Weeks appeal to the Jury-
*_ |S Book
y - IT m. wl 1
Sv^sitDß, JORDAN'S greatS
.OF ANATOMY*
II ; Q& 1351 J02X2T ST. tat KXkTX ZJ.OL 4
Tha Largest Anatomical Musrum in tb» \
t \ Wovtd. Weakne**e* or any contracted m
"SbJF" di»ea»e n»«»*l»»'y e»r«4 My the oldait \
| ) |»S fr; I bpeaaiiit en ttM Cote Etc 36 year*. &
A AtHNfi OR. JORDJLH-PRJYATE DISEASES 4
\ fCTSt^B Conraltatien frr« md stHctly prirata \
A I |Jw S Trt irment personally or by letter. Ai
\ fl W M fi /W.n»« CW«m e»exyea»e undertaken. T
ill* (IK Wrtte for Book. PMIIOWOPHY.fi
fI |f P atnniiuE, maiuo rasa. |A?
A fl /I valuable book, for mraj \
9 DB. JOBD«.\ A CO.. 10S1 Market St.. a F. f
FURNITURE BUYERS !
SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
IN ALL LIMES OB*
FURNITURE. CARPETS. LINOLEUMS.
MATTINOS, ETC..
From 10 to 20 p«r cent on account of •nlar*!n«
»tor«. Must males room for new roods. Try
mr credit system. Tb» only llb«rai credit
house on the Coast.
Estimates given on complete hoasefumlsMn*.
Prices lower than ever.
T. BRILLIANT.
338-340 POST ST.,
Bet. Pow«n and Stockton rta.
Open rvenlnsa.
Fre« delivery Oakland and suburb*.
4DUALL'S RELNYIGOBATORJjS|3SS
Five hundred reward for ar.y ifSSf I^2
case we canact cure. Th!* »»cret 'J^*
r*me<Jy stop* all losses la 14 T , - P
hcurs. cures Emissions,. lirpo- JKJ EF^I
tency. Vartcocele. Gonorrh-jea. tit]-l PJTifj
Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost '£*jl V*iJ
Manhood and all wastlnc eSiCts J^t^Jfill't j
of »elf-abuje or excesses. Srnt '— ¦
¦ealed. 12 bottle: 3 bottles. »v. iraarmateed ti
cure any case. Address HALL 1 3 MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 555 Broadway. Oakland. Cai. Al»3
for nl< at W73 1 -- Market St.. S. P. All prtval*
41s«as*a quickly cured. Send fcr fre« book. .'•
President Jordan Will Lecture.
Professor David Starr Jordan, president
of Stanford University, will deliver a free
lecture this evening at the Academy of
Sciences Hall. £19 Market street— subject.
"The Rise of the Common Man." The
public Is invited.
DEPEW CLASHES
WITH PETTIGREW
Tilt Over the Philippine
Question.
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 7.— A lively tilt
between Depew (R.) of New York and
Pettlgrew (Silver R.) of South Dakota
was the feature In the early proceedings
of the Senate to-day. Depew read a letter
from President Schurman of the Philip
pine Commission flatly contradicting
statements made by Pettlgrew In a
speech several days ago, and commenting
sarcastically upon the methods of the
South Dakota Senator in Introducing the
evidence of such men as President Schur
man and Admiral Dewey through the
statements of Agulnaldo. Pettigrew re
plied, sharply repeating much that he has
said heretofore, but principally reiterating
the statements which had called forth the
denials of both President Schurman and
Admiral Dewey. Said he:
I chare-* that the facts of this Question are
being withheld and that what Information is
sent to us ls garbled, and I also charge that
we attacked an ally and made a compact with
slavery.
It Is well known that this Government,
through the Philippine Commission, offered
money for the rifle's of the Insurgents, but no
rifles were turned In except a lew that had
been captured and ffiven to friendly Filipinos
by American officers In order that they may
be turned in so as to tret the price offered for
them. It la quite as well known that the
Schurman commission offered Aguinaldo what
amounted to $3CCO a year If he would lay down
his arms.
Pettlgrew thought It unfortunate for
the administration that the whole of Ad
miral Dewey's letter to Senator Lodge
had been published, as In It the admiral,
he said, had admitted just what he had
charged.
Hoar of Massachusetts asked Depew If
he had understood that President achur
man did not regard Aguinaldo as honest.
He had read a verbatim address of Presi
dent Schurman In which he had said
Agulnaldo was honest.
Depew replied that he had no further In
formation than was contained In Presi
dent Schurman's letter.
It was the Intention of Chandler, chair
man of the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, to call up the Quay case to
day, but he yielded to the unanimous con
sent agreement to take up the pending
financial bill, simply announcing that dur
ing any lull In the financial debate he
would bring the Pennsylvania Senatorial
case before the Senate.
Turner of Washington then entered upon
a discussion of the financial bill. He
maintained that the passage of the pend
ing bill would be a deliberate blow to sil
ver. The bill was put forward, he said,
by the Republican party In the Interests
of the moneyed 'class. Its result would
be the enhancement of the value of things
produced by the farmers and laboring
classes.
Bate of Tennessee followed In a speech
In favor of bimetallism and In opposition
to the proposed gold standard.
THIS OFFICES WAS GAME.
Wounded Four Times He Snatches
Victory From an Ambuscade.
Among the soldiers brought home by the
transport Sherman is one now staying at
the Occidental whose record is one of
which he has just cause to be proud if
what his comrades say of him is true.
This gentk-man, like all brave men. is
modest and will not talk of his own ex
ploits, but his friends are doing it for him, 1
and consequently it is impossicle for him j
to kc-«p nis Uifht under a bushel.
The soldier in question is Lieutenant t .
M. Ferguson of the Thirty-sixth United
Stale* Volunteer Infantry. At the out
break of the war with Spain Lieutenant
Ferguson went to the front with tun
stcn s Kansas fighters. When the volun
teers were about to be sent home he was
given a commission in the Thirty-sixth
as a recognition of the bravery with
which he had led his men while with the ;
boys from Kansas.
Shortly after assuming his duties with
his new" command Lieutenant Ferguson,
while loading a scouting party consisting
of twenty-one men. was ambushed by the
Insurgents. One volley was fired into tha
littie party, which killed two of them and
wounded eight others. Ferguson was hit
four times by this one volley. Two fin
gers v.tre taken off his left hand by two
bullets; while a couple more of the leaden
pellets found lodgment in his body. Not
withstanding his hurts the brave officer
continued to command his men until the
entmy had been rtar.ked and the surprise
turned into a victory for the American
troops.
Lieutenant Ferguson has been sent
home on eick leave to recuperate from
his (rounds and the effects 01 the Philip
pine climate. He ls anxious for more
adventure, however, and will return to the
firing line as ?oon as he can obtain th«
permission of his superiors.
HEKSHA'K'. BUCKLETi CO.. Pun?p«. Steam and
Ga»cl!ne Engines. Botlcra. 2* aad 23 Fremont
Valentines — comic and sentimental.
Great assortment. Sanborn, Van. & Co.,
Til Market street. •
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald.
CTbolesate Dealer and Shipper e£ Cok*.
OFFICE. 813 7OLSOM ST.
KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
: MONTREAU Feb. 7.— The regular monthly
drawing tor February of the Canadian Royal
Art Union, by which the winning prizes of the
Kentucky Lottery are decided, waa held here
to-day. The first »lx winning prize* are aa
follows: 34,5«7, $15.00)00; 78.499, 14000 l»; 74.760,
$2000 00; 87.712. $1000 00; 80,141, $300 00; 23,781.
$300 00. •
WERE FREE BUT A MOMENT.
Owing to the tangled provisions of the
charter relating to the fees legally 4ue
court reporters Thomas O'Brien and Ed
ward Smith, charged .with having stolen
a horse and wagon, an overcoat and $700
in gold from R. McCoy, an Eighth-street
gTocer, were yesterday released from cus
tody by Judge Cook on writs of habeas
corpus, but were quickly rearrested by
Detectives Wren and Reynolds, who were
watting for them In the corridor.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Mary Ann Dare and Mahala
F. Robinson Filed.
The will. of Mary Ann Dare, who died
February 1, leaving an estate valued at
$10,300, was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeaths the bulk of her es
tate to her son, Robert Dare, In trust for
the benefit of her brother, Michael Lynch,
and her daughter, Nora Freese; to Daniel
Hurat, 5 lots on Eighteenth avenue; to
Lillian McDonnell, $500: to Father Cot
tie $20 a year.
The will of Mahala F. Robinson, who
died January' 21. was also filed. The testa
trix disposes of her estate, which ls val
ued at $25,000. as follows: To Kate Ful
ler. $500; to Rachel A. Macdougall. $2000;
to Helen E. Hudgln. wife of John D. Hud-
Sin, $1000; to Maggie Elizabeth Oloan, $500;
to all nieces and nephews, $1000 each. The
residue of the estate Is devised to Jo
seph Fish, a brother; Una M. Naracong,
a niece; Ellen E. Graves, a niece; Ed
ward T. Fletcher, a nephew; Amy M.
Fletcher, a niece: Charles S. Fletcher.
Martha V. Johnson, a niece; William J.
Fish and Ina E. Russell, a niece. Ed
ward L. Hudgin Is named as executor of
the testament.
COURT NOTES.
The preliminary examination of ex-
Pollceman Thomas H. Dillon, charged
with the murder of Charles Joyce, was
continued yesterday by Judge Conlan till
Friday, as Attorney Reddy Is confined to
bed through sickness.
John B. McCarthy and Walter L. Blake
slee. charged with manslaughter In con
nection with the death of Frank Rachau
In South San Francisco, were instructed
and arraigned by Judge Fritz yesterday.
The preliminary examination was set for
Monday afternoon.
After marriage
They are going to be together just as
Each as before; going to nde the wheel,
take little pieasure jaunts, etc., enjoying
everything together. Isn't that what
many a young couple promise each
other? And yet, how very soon the
wife begins to say .
«>"o, I don't think -
I care to go. You **&> £\^i it
jro alone, dear." {v
Young women don't JjSzszSp*'^-**.-^-
reckon on the great a"i V3 C^SSe
phvsical changes j*. "J i*-^C»
riag^e. How cin
they when they are &2&v&&/jff^
allowed to jjrow up cS^^^r^-K:
of vital phvs-iclogical k S\
facts? They feel Sg^^tSlV
languid, weak and
nervous. Sometimes Ij^P^^tlijii*
there is htadache f£fiTjf#%>?a tj'^J
and backache. The f&8&*0M |t#
pulse no n:cre leaps &'J~£?tj££it\ \[»i
:u ar.s-.ver to the p'-il^^HSyH &jC
thought of a spin on KsfiSs&BDlsyy
the wheel. Women l^fefati^^^^//
v.Lo have used Dr. \£~*$^^~?///fi
P:erce's Favorite ]&ZZ£$~/{///i
Prescription, know p5 '--Sg^^^yyVy
hew promptly the >r^£"Z&tfsss!//}
backache, nervous-
ness and weakness t^^iJln'ft
are cured by this
medicine. Many
husbands write in ' '
gratitude to Dr. Pierce for the medicine
which gives them back the wife's compan-
ionship, as it gives her back her health.
"All praise is due to you for your wonderful
•Favorite Prescription. ''" writes Mr. John W.
Co5=*n, cf laiiibursr, Casey Co., Ky. "My wife
Buffered with female irregularity; was confined
to bed every thrr- weeks. After usintc two bot-
tle* of Dr. Pierce •« Favorite Prescription she
was cared, end has not suffered any derange-
ment eiace. Your 'Favorite Prescription' u
«* boon to delicate wczaen." • »
There is no alcohol in " Favorite Pre-
scription,' 1 and it is entirely free from
opiusi, cocaine and all other narcotics.
ADVERTTSEiIENTS.
NEWSBOYS BURY ONE
OF THEIR COMPANIONS
WARM hearts beat in the breasts of the newsboys of this city. Out
of their small earnings each day they are always willing to assist
any of their number that is laid low by illness.
Sunday last James Davis, a bright newsboy, died at the City
and County Hospital, and his young co-workers immediately set
about to see that he received a proper burial. Subscription lists were start
ed, and within a short time the names of many young newspaper venders
were attached thereto, and beside each name were sums aggregating from 25
cents to to. The body was removed to the undertaking parlors of McGinn
Brothers and placed In a neat coffin.
The funeral was held yesterday afternoon from the undertaking parlors,
and nearly thirty of the generous lads, some with papers under their arms,
congregated in the parlors, and after taking a last look at Davis six of them
carried the remains to the waiting hearse. Out of the money collected three
carriages were engaged at half rates, and six boys crowded In each vehicle
and followed the deceased to the grave. A number of simple floral pieces
were placed on the grave and the mourners hurriedly returned to the city to
take up their daily occupation of selling newspapers.
Appended to the subscription lists were the following names: "Fatty"
Blodes, "Monk," Artie, T. Conran. L. Sinclair, Mannle, L. Coghlan, George
Green, Ernest Rempach, Edward Hlllard. A. Slune, A. Levy, A. Blass,
George, J. O'Mally, "A Lady," Cady, John Merk, Rudlck, Arthur Gaffsgan.
Frank Rielly. Willie Watklnson. Harry Levenson. "Willie Murray, George
Mitchell. Willie Fairbank, Harry Baker, Oscar Crow, Jerry Sullivan, Fred
Hamilton, John Bratt, Bill Bom, Jay Bennett. Jim Smith. C. G. Larson,
Frank Herron, "Blindman" Al, J. F. Thornton. Frank Marston. Rytor.
Burke, Garrett, G. Bear, A. J. 8., G. W. L.. L- E. Glller. A. B. Samatt,
Charles Kenterd, Post, Bulletin, Call, Chronicle and Examiner.
RELIABLE DOCTORS,
THE TIME-TRIED SPECIALISTS,
Who Cure All Ailments of Men
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
Pay when well. Consulta-
tion free. Home cures a
specialty. Free private book
for. men only, question list,
prices, etc., at office or by mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
73/ MARKET ST., 3. F.
Take Elevator.
Hours. Bto 5 daily ; Evenings, 7
to 8; Sundays, 9 to it.
Marshall Was Negligent.
Judgment for the defendant has been
entered by Judge Hunt In the case of
En:ma Marshall against the Grand Lodge
of the Ancient Order of United Workmen
of California by which the plaintiff sought
to recover on a policy held by her husdand.
Louis N. Marshall, who died in October
of IS>5. Marshall became delinquent and
left the lodge, but shortly afterward again
UNANSWERED TELEPHONE
CALLS MAY NOT BE PAID
SUPERVISORS' CO2OHTTIIE FA
VORS THE ORDER.
New Measure to Be Drafted Compel
ling Company to Collect Nickel
After Party Called For
Answers.
The Supervisors' License and Orders
Committee decided yesterday to recom
mend the passage of an order similar to
that adopted by the last board and vetoed
by the Mayor, making it a misdemeanor
for an individual or company furnishing
telephone service to collect for it until the
party called for answers. Chairman
Com'te and Supervisors Booth and Mc-
Carthy were present at the meeting and
expressed themselves as being heartily
In favor of putting an end to the exac
tions of the telephone company In collect-
Ing the nickels of the public for defective
service. ? " 1,
The question came up on the Mayor s
veto of the original order Imposing a tine
of $SOO and imprisonment' for three months
for each violation of the provisions of the
order. The committee was unanimous in
its opinion that the, order was good and
necessary legislation, but as all Incom
plete acts of the old board are nullified
under the terms ot the charter It was
found necessary to sustain the Mayor's
veto and to direct Clerk Russell to draw
up a new order on lines exactly similar to
the old one and recommend it for passage
at the next meeting of the board.
Superintendent Hewitt, who has In
quired Into the subject, informed the
board that he was not quite clear In his
mind as to the claim made by the com
pany that it would be necessary to In
crease the number of wires and the num
ber of its operators should the order be
passed. Supervisor McCarthy was of the
opinion that the company should give
some more definite reason why the order
should not be passed, and said he for one
was of the firm opinion that the abuses
cf the nickel telephone attachments
should cease.
An ordinance will also be recommended
for passage transferring the power of
granting free licenses from the License to
the Chanties and Correction Committee.
The question of repealing that portion
of an order licensing nlckel-In-the-slot
card machines was postponed for a week
for further investigation. The committee
was informed by Deputy License Collector
Casey that such machines pay $12,000 per
annum into the city's coffers, and the
committee hesitated about abolishing that
revenue. It was also, decided to license
other privileges which now escape taxa
tion. MiWS
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
Garfield League to Celebrate at Pio
neer Hall.
The Garfleld League at a largely at
tended meeting last night decided to hold
a public celebration of Washington's
birthday on the afternoon of February 22
at Pioneer Hall. A fine programme of
literary exercises will be rendered. Presi
dent David Starr Jordan will be requested
to deliver the address of the day.
On motion of J. W. Edwards it was de
cided to have a general observance of the
day and a public appeal for funds will be
made for the purpose of having a parade
in the forenoon, with fireworks in the
evening. The army and war departments
will be requested to allow the troops at
the Presidio and the soldiers on the lowa
and Philadelphia, who are about to re
turn from their Southern cruise, to take
part In the parade.
Canvassers will be employed to collect
subscriptions. At least $1000 will be re
quired for the purpose. The following
subscriptions have already been obtained:
Garfleld League, $30: H. S. Crocker & Co.,
$10- Decker Co., J25; Joseph Meneses. $5;
J \V Edwards, $20: cash. $5: Ladles* Aux
iliary $15 75: H. P. Willson, $5; a friend,
$1- some pupils of Polytechnic School,
$G*SO.
ALWAYS FOR PROGRESS.
Catholic Truth Society Listens to
Some Church History.
St. Mary's Cathedral was crowded last
r.ight with the members of the Catholic
Truth Society and its friends, who as
eembled to hear the Rev. Father Ryan
cpeak on the historical aspect of the Ro
man Catholic church. The speaker is the
spiritual adviser of the League of the
Cress, ar.4 hundreds cf the members of
that organization were present.
The lecturer reviewed briefly the atti
tude cf the church from the earliest times
and showed how it had always been the
faithful friend of education, of civiliza
tion and of all that the world calls pro
gress. It is absurd at this time, said the
speaker, to attempt to belittle the work
cf the church when all history tended to
prove that the teachings of the church
were, in all ages, the standards upon
which modem civilization had been built.
Father Ryan extolled the work of the
Catholic Truth Society and kindred organ
izations, and said that without their aid
the regular work of the church would be
materially handicapped.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
"Will Dispatch the Al Iron American
Mail rteamship
(CAPACITY 3000 TONS)
FOS 11 DIRECT.
Sailing from San Francisco
Monday, May 21,1900.
First Cable, Second Class and Steer-
age Accommodations.
Eor Passenger and Freight Bates,
and Reservations, apply to
TIE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
ILLUSIONS ARE NATURAL.
Professor Stratton Hopes to Find
Them in the Next World.
"Illusions" was the subject of Professor
Stratton's 'lecture before the San Fran
cisco Polyclinic last night. Under the
professor's novel way of handling the
subject the common illusions of life are
such no longer in the ordinary accepta
tion of the term. They can be under
stood, provided for, and become useful
factors in the human economy.
With the aid of many diagrams Profes
sor Stratton demonstrated the statement
that although the mind frequently ls con
vinced by unmistakable proof that It ls
facing an Illusion it cannot destroy the
illusion, even In the face of fact. This is
one of the great uses of illusions, and
gives them a positive scientific value. The
normal mind can study and be greatly
benefited by Its illusions and the psychol
ogist can explain many apparent hallu
cinations that perplex the ordinary mind.
It is only when the mind has become
so warped by clinging to its Illusions
and neglecting to study and to understand
them that lunacy appears. The existence
of Illusions, said the professor, is one of
the pleasantries of life, and he expressed
the nope that they would be found in the
next world In as great variety as they
exist in this.
Pearl and May de Meir, Who Will Make Their Debut at the Olympia.
t- ii ¦iMV'O young and pretty San Francisco girls will make their debut as professional vaudeville artists at the Olympia
next Monday night. Pearl and May de Melr are the names of the two latest aspirants for stage honors, and it
]£ will be owing to no lack of talent for the work If they fall to win success. Both girls have appeared before
San Francisco audiences on numerous occasions, but always as amateurs, and they have Invariably been ac
corded a flattering reception. Their specialties are coon songs and dances, but their engagement calls for all-around
vaudeville work. With youth, good looks and genuine ability as singers and dancers, combined with attractive per
sonality, the De Meir sisters have every element that goes to make success in their chosen profession, and their
friends are confident that the public will not be slow in recognizing their merits.
CAUGHT GHOST
IN A TRAP
He did not have to wait so long, how
ever. In about thirty minutes he heard
the trap spring and going to the place he
had set it, found that it ha.d caught a
large coon that had been making its home
between the upper ceiling and the rafters.
Stanton brought his prize to Easton,
Eldridge & Co., and was rewarded with
$20 and the possession of the coon.
. -. ¦ ¦ ¦ r- ¦ .
Manila Hero Wins $20
and Reputation.
The Fifth street ghost, which so long
disturbed the tenants of the mansion situ
ated at No. 145 on that thoroughfare, has
been discovered and "Boy" Stanton, one
of the blood-bespattered heroes of the
"Fighting First," is the happy possessor
of a twenty-dollar piece and a reputation
for fearlessness that has made him the
admired and beloved of all the demoiselles
south of the bitumen to whom his feat is
known.
The building at 146 Fifth street belongs
to Easton, Eldridge & Co., or at least
they have the management of It. Some
time ago the trouble began, when the
tenants threw up their lease and vacated,
saying that the place wa^ haunted and
that they did not care to associate with
ghosts of whose social standing they
knew nothing, and who came and went at
will through all the hours of the night
without references or anything else to
guarantee their respectability.
Other tenants were secured, but. after
remaining a few days, they invariably
moved out, declaring that there was
something wrong with the building;
something uncanny; something they
could not explain, but which manifested
Its presence by weird rapplngs, horrid
moans and growlings and other strange
and fearsome noises commonly supposed
to be the exclusive property of the deni
zens of the other world.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. were worried.
The house was a valuable piece of prop
erty, situated in the very heart or the
city and before the advent of the "ghost"
it brought In a rental that was more than
satisfactory to its owners and the agents.
They tried to hire men to investigate, but
the terror of the place had spread and
no one could be had for love or money
to monkey with the nocturnal visitor or
visitor?. That was the state of the case
up till yesterday, when '"Boy" Stanton
appeared en the scene.
"Bey" was Just in from the country
and had been celebrating. He wandered
down In the vicinity of No. 146 and was
told of the ghost.
"Ghosts!" said the "Boy." "T'll with
the ghost. I've helped make 'em In the
old days when I was wid Duboce before
Manila. Whose dis guy dat wants to pay
for de capcher of dis partlc'lar bird?"
Stanton was told the proper persons to
apply to and started off. returning In a
few hours with a bear trap, a bottle of
whisky and a Springfield rifle. He en
tered the house, set and baited the trap
and started to watch through the night.
? O-»-O ? O ? O *O *O ¦? O +O ?C ?C ?O*-C -*
J *___ _ l_ I __».
O a
? £39 IS A "
? || Natural Mineral Water ?
? ri^yl known fpr csntaries and ?
® £&*~3l imported q
J $Q& ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
X ms&®k Por Discrd:r:d St:saeb t
O gyffir a ,'*a Its Talm hj* teen t-stl- o
o X»^"^3 tl - d to y thousands. ?
? VlChV"* So-called Vichy in Sy. °
o W-0&)i i ls NOT V ICHY. t
? {iy^3rf^2s Get the Genuine.
® jSjiiS?*** Tear phrsician O
? X* wl ' l rr * colnlnM id It. ?
® ggM^tfggf A. VISSISa, DistriSuUsg Agwt j
•?o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o >•> o-*-o-*-o ?o-»-o-»-o-»
NOTABLE DEATHS
Of the Day
Er«!al DJsr&tch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Feb. 7.— The Pacific
Grove Museum Association is preparing
for a flower festival to take place In May
r.ext, which will be unique in this State
cf we!l-nlght perpr-tuai Cower fetes. The
affair as contemplated will be an exhibi
tion of the wiid flowers and ferns so
plentiful in California in the spring, and
will include dried as well as living speci
mens. A large space will also be devoted
to marine plant life, and a rose show will
be another part of the fair. There is
some effort to include California fauna
as well as flora in the exhibition, but this
point has not been definitely decided upon.
The Museum Association also contem
plates giving prizes for the best exhibits
in the various classes. The fair will con
tinue several days.
MONTEREY, Feb. 7.— News comes here
from Chular Canyon of the death of Wil
liam Burrows of that place, the cause of
death being senile gangrene. Induced by
a bruise received about Christmas time.
Deceased was born in Indiana seventy
years ago and has lived in California for
the past twenty years, coming first to
Monterey and afterward moving to Chua
lar Canyon, where he has since lived. He
was a veteran of the Civil War, and was
an officer in General Sherman's army
during the famous march to the sea. He
leaves a widow and a large family of sons
and daughters.
LAYTONVILLE. Feb. 7.— News reached
here to-night of the accidental drowning
of Matthew Handelln at Elk Creek, a
coast lumber camp. Handelln was em
ployed by the White Lumber Company.
In attempting to cross the creek on logs
he fell in and the logs kept him from
coming to the surface. A vigorous effort
was made to effect a rescue, but It was
unavailing. He was a native of Finland.
55 years of age, and leaves a widow and
four children.
BRUSSELS. Feb. 7.— Charles Francois
Felu. an armless artist, died on Monday.
In his seventieth year. He painted with
his feet and copied hundreds cf the best
masterpieces. Many specimens of his
work are now in America. While work
ing he held his palette with his left great
toe and manipulated his brush with his
right foot, and with great skill. He al
ways shaved himself. He had written a
successful tragedy.
BERKELEY, Feb. 7.— The funeral of
the late Bruno Putrker, son of Professor
Putzker. who died in the Philippines, will
take place at 2 o'clock to-morrow from
the undertakers' parlors in Oakland. The
services will be private. The interment
will be in Mountain View Cemetery.
PARIS, Feb. 7.— Adolph Rothschild, who
had a bank in Naples in the time of the
Neapolitan monarchy, died to-day. He al
ways retained intimate relations with the
royal family of Naples.
NEW YORK. Feb. 7.— A dispatch from
Buenos Ayres announces the death of
William Havemeyer, eon of Henry 11.
Havemeyer.
TWO PRETTY SAN FRANCISCO
GIRLS GOING INTO VAUDEVILLE
TROUBLE DUE TO
A LITTLE PLUG
OF SOFT METAL
Secret of Manauense
"Disaster."
SAFETY DEVICE BLOWN OUT
•
LEAK ES" THE VESSEL'S BOILERS
EXPLAINED.
Exports of the Accident Say She Was
Forced Until the Plug "Went
and Then Steam Could
Not Be Raised.
A board of inquiry will be ordered in
the Manauer.se and within a few days
the ecandal that has been thrown around
her will be cleared up. The Manauense
is the transport that, carrying a portion
of the Thirty-first Infantry, under Lieu
tenant Colonel Hayes, to Manila, broke
down, the accident giving rise to a sen^a
tlor.al report from Hayes and a claim that
he and his men sa% - ed the ship from sir.k
ing. He also reported that after some
Elight repairs were made the ilar.aue:;?e
overhauled the Peking. her conso- 1.
against which vessel there was no cora
piaint.
The Quarterraaster^s department h*i»
been investigating and secrecy has been
enjoined on ail concerned, but it is prci:y
well understood that a fusible plug in
one of the boilers caused all the trouiile.
A fusible plug is a safety device tliat
Is in use en all vessels that carry passen
gers. It is a plug of an alloy of metals
that will melt at low temperatures, the
temperature at which it raeits being mod
erated by the mixture of the alloy. The
pressure of steam ar.d its temperature
are always in a certain ratio, one to the
ether, ar.d so when the safety limit ol a
boiler is known, the temperature of that
pressure is also known, ar.d a fusible
plug made to melt at that temperature
will always give way when it is reachel.
A boiler will blow off through its safety
valve before it reaches the pressure that
will melt the plug, but if the safety valve
fails to work cr is overlaoded the plug
will go first. This is what happened on
the Mer.auer.?e. according to the b«^t re
ports, and is all there is to the "disas
ter."
Fcr some time before the accident hap
pened the men pay Hayes was forcing tl'e
vessel. He could only have done that by
ordering .an increase in the steam press
ure. It made the work harder in the fire
rocms, an<3 to keep the men up they wore
given whisky until the force was practi
cally demoralized. It was then that the
accident happened. The boilers began to
leak, and for three days the firerocm
force hunted for the leak. They finally
found that one of the plugs, about *n
inch in diameter, had melted out or been
blown out cf one of the boilers. It was
in behind the bciler and hard to get at.
even with the bciler cold, and that was
what caused the delay.
From the time the plug blew out the
leak was apparent, and all the time the
men were trying to find it cold water
had to be continually pumped into the
boilers to supply the place of that run
ning out. for which reason the men rould
not raise steam. When the plug hole was
closed there was no more trouble, and. as
appears In Hayes" report, he came up
with the Peking, which was a day ahead
of him.
It Is declared that the llanauer.se n»»
rot had a bit of repair work done on
her since the accident, beyond the re
placing of the plug, end yet she ~arre
back from Manila at 13 knots, and there
¦was not the least trouble with her ma
chinery. It is believed that in forcing- the
vessel "the steam was raised hiph enough
to m«!t the tenderest of the fusible pluars.
ar.d the trouble was over the location of
the leak— not ar.y defect in the ship's con
dition.
joined the order. He failed to submit to
the medical examination or to conform
with other rules prescribed by the order
and her.ee the court held that his widow
could not collect.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900. Ii
SOME TEACHERS
FAILED TO GET
BACK SALARIES
Demands Are Lost by
Carelessness.
«
BOARD IS TO INVESTIGATE
?
FOUR EMPLOYES PLACED ON
T7NASSIGNED LIST.
Several Resignations Accepted — Sub
stitutes to Beceive $2 50 a
Day When Actually
Teaching.
The Board of Education was informed
at yesterday's meeting by Superintendent
Webster that he had received several
complaints from teachers who allege that
they had not received their demands call
ing for 61 per cent of their salar
ies for November, 1398. These demands
were recently ordered partially paid out
of moneys received from collateral inher
itance taxes. Mr. Webster stated that
Miss Lucy Wores, who taught in the
Washington Grammar School at the time,
and. E. L. Kilpatrick. principal of the
Business Evening School, were among
those who had suffered owing to the de
mands having beer, lost or overlooked.
He asked that the matter be Investigated.
The board immediately directed Secre
tary Hanson to ascertain where the
blame lies. It developed that there were
a number of other teachers who failed
to get the 61 per cent of their November
salaries. Secretary Hanson acknowl
edges that there were about a dozen
lost demands, but it is believed that the
number will reach twenty, aggregating
$1500 or more.
The Auditor says there is absolutely
no remedy for the error unless the money
is paid out of other moneys received as in
heritance taxes. He says that the demands
were sent intact from his office, where
they had lain since November. 1533. to
the board to be changed to the 61 per
cent basis. Whether the demands were
lost In transit he is unable to tell, but the
fact that a rigid investigation has been
ordered by the board is evidence that the
matter is deemed of considerable im
portance.
Director Denman expressed himself as
opposed to the indiscriminate granting
of leaves of absence. He claimed that
the placing of classes in charge of
strangers impairs the discipline and effl
ciency of schools. Miss Nora Sullivan
was granted a six months" leave, while
M. H. Slavan's application for an ex
tension was denied. Superintendent
Webster will act on Margaret Curry's
application. .
The board, on the request of Secretary
Moran of the Civil Service Commission,
tendered that body the use of the audi
torium of the Girls' High School for the
examination to be held on March 1.
A resolution was adopted providing
that all teachers elected or promoted to
higher positions in the School Department
shall be so selected on probation for
three years. I_ "
The resignations of Grace \ . Chalmers,
a teacher in the Rincon Primary School,
and Margaret A. Fennell of the Hancock.
Grammar were accepted.
The following resolutions were also
adopted:
That the substitutes in the day service be
paid Jl per day when reporting at the secre
tary's office, and that when actually teaching
they receive 12 50 per day. to take effect Febru
ary 1 1JC0", the same to exclude the Jl per day
when reporting: that Charles A. Berliner be
r'appolnted assistant secretary of the Board of
Education at a salary of Jl» per month: that
permission be given to Miss Frances is. Thomp
son to photograph the children of the public
schools during the pleasure of the board ; that
Miss Nellie Barrett, having successfully
served her probationary period, be elected a
regular teacher In the department: that the
salary of the vice principal of the Lincoln
evening school be fixed at 160 per month, to
take effect February 1. 190<>. and that he be re
quired to teach a clay: that Mrs. I* Scott be
assigned to the Lincoln evening school, vice
Miss M McCauley. placed on unassigned list,
without Day: that Miss E. M. Stark's class In
th(» Lincoln evening school be consolidated,
she to be Dlaced on the unassiKned list with
out pay: that Miss Helen M. Grace be assigned
to the Spring Valley evening school, vice Miss
M Mstrovlch. placed on the unassigned list
without pay: that Miss A. J. Crowley be con
solidated out In order that the vice principal can
be assigned to a class: that Miss G. G. Dono
van be assigned to a class in the Richmond
evening school, vice Miss Stafford, en leave:
that every applicant for position as teacher In
this department file a certificate signed by a
physician named by this board to the effect
that the candidate is In good health and free
from all disabling physical defects: that the
recommendation of the Board of Public Works
in regard to completing the heating appara
tus in the Girls' High School be accepted, pro
viding that the expenditure does not exceed
SB HkuafiH A vSKSA Zu a^_ t"f tat
ni H*-**-w »n I^3 fly SS#I N&
&S B Q IsM Kj a B I SsreSl
E3 A Fi BEB3 K3 *%J " Jl <H *wf9
la ti 99 — wi tfa _ Era a v^a. 18
Ef ¦* 3i Eh e-£I d BbSI Q ¦ «S Ha
NEW ADVERTISEaTEyTS.
DR. WILLARD HJVIORSE, F.S.SC
American IMrector of the Bureau of
Hatexia Msdica After Hundreds of
Tests and a Careful Analysis In-
dorses Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey
as the Only Absolute Cure for
Grip, Pneumonia and Consumption.
•¦Duffy's Pur* Malt Whiskey is the only r«-
Hable and absolutely *ur- remedy for the grip,
pneumonia and consumption. Ordinary whiskey
Is as usele« s aa it UUan serous for the t&ote
diseases. Why is this?
"Common whiskey contains "fusel oil.' It !•
a poison, deadly ami :--•.-.-. ut;r,-r. It acu on
the blood to serarati* th* hemoglobin ior tha
vital portion) of that fluid from the blood cor-
puscles. What results? Such separation mean 3
a destruction of the ozonizing property, and
the blood goes through the system vitiated. Im-
poverished, and falling of Its duty. Duffy's
Pure Malt Whiskey has no fuse! oil. and it ac-
tually binds the hemoglobin to the corpuscles,
and Increase* the ozonizing property. But.
mere than this, common whiskey depresses
both the rate and depth of th;* respiration while
Duffy's Malt WsMwi Incp»ase9 this function.
•'DufTy's Pure Malt Whiskey Increases the
?!!minatlcn cf carbonic dioxide, and aids nature
In throwing 08 the GRIP poison. The com-
mon fus»! oil whiskey has no such orflce or
privilege.
"Although necessarily the action of alcoholic
stimulants on the amount of oxygen absorbed
must vary In decree. Duffy's Pure Malt Whis-
key will increase it.
"Add to the^o facts th* food value of Pu'y'J
Pure Malt Whiskey — never n**<led more than la
case of ••'•RIP — and the reason for Its excellent
service la very manifest.
"Truly yours.
"WILLARD H. MORSE. New Tor*/*
Dr. Morse Is not only an M. D. . and a F. S.
So., but t* a well-known Therapeutist, and a
consulting chemist of national reputation. H*
U the American Director of the la ma to I odea I
Bureau, and Fellow of the Society of Science
(BrU!»h>. as wel! as author of the Text-Book
"New Therapeutical Agents." etc.
Duffy's Pur» Muit Whiskey is a (bed tor body
and brain. It ha< stood these careful t»sts for
forty yearr". ar.d has always b*en found abso-
lutely pure. All druggists and grocers. II.QO
a bottle. Book of information sent free. Duffy
Malt Whiskey Co.. Rochester. N. Y.
Al SHIP COLUMBIA. CAPACITY 2TOO
tons. Bailing on or about April 10. Ap-
ply Alaska Navigation and Commercial
Co.. office with LEWIS. ANDERSON &
CO.. 26 East street. LOWEST RATE 3.
CAPE NOME.
For piss*»T!fj<?r and freight rates see C. F.
Mooie. 235 Market street, room *.
4*gm| Weak
ft/I /\+y
yfc 1! IV* lit
There Is nothlcc like ELECTRICTTT to put
life. Tim and Tieor Into weak men or womea.
Drcrs gt»» but temporary relief; act merely as
a stimulant, but Electricity Ciea to ail weak
parts of the body, imparting nature's fore*
thereto aad deteff ta» required work suraly and
In a permanent manner. If "run down" la
health and itrength you had better try Elec-
tricity. U#« an Klectrtc Beit, for that ls Vtm
beet method of applying It: bet be sura you gat
a good one while you ar* about It; !n short, try
"Dr PWee's." for It ls guaranteed to b* Urn
be*t" Electric Belt on earth.
IZT "Booklet No. V fr*« at nffic* or sent by
mall fw a !c rtamo. t»ll« nil about It. Adiires*
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CO Market rtreet. SAN FRANCISCO.
U Tribune BuUdiss. NEW TORK.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS.
SAVE GOLD— Kroßh Mfc. Co.. 9 Sterenson
»t. Amalgamators, Sand Centrifugal Pumps.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR. ,
MOORE Improved. Gold Separator & Rotary
•Amalgamator on exhibition. 63 Stevenson st.
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. la operation U Spear.
GASOLINE E.NGINE*.
HERCX'LES GAS ENGINE WORKS is flllta*
lance numbers of orders for Nome. 141-IC
First St.. S. F.
O'LS.
LUBRICATING CHI. Crude Oil and Gasoline.
ENS»GN 4 McGUFFICK. 3 Spear «t.. S. F.
SAND CE.NTRIFUOAL PUMPS.
Lift Gotd-Bearlng Sands perfectly. In opera-
tion at CS Sixth st. BTRO.V JACKSON. •
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKEK It HAMILTON. Engines and Boilers;
lowest prices on the coast. Pine A Darts its.
5
GLNEROUS LADS PAID LAST TRIBUTES TO JAMES DAViSTh* u«# of Dr. Slegerfs Anjostnra Bittera «x-
cltea the appetlts and keepa th« digestive ©r-
rana In order.
Puffed up politicians who profess not to care a rap
for public opinion would do well to take a reef in their
sail. Even the Dowager Empress of China, accord
ing to the Shanghai correspondent of the London
Mail, has been compelled to bow to the popular will
and change her mind about deposing the Emperor.
General Buller has at last struck another road to
Ladysmith. His significant silence in ret'erence to
the probability of turning back is reasonably good
evidence that he now entertains an opinion that
boasting is not one of the elements of good general
ship.
The Democratic orchestra, which is expected to
reach some sort of harmony in the next campaign,
ought to be informed if Bryan is to lead the Populist
band or the Democratic. Some attention certainly
ought to be paid to the tune of dolorous woe.
Observers have always suspected that the Expan
sionists had some secret reason for their enthusiasm
and now the secret is out. They say that the powers
of God are unlimited, and the Philippines cannot pos
sibly suggest a problem.
Representative Sibley is inclined to believe that
American troops are "carrying the story of the cross
to the Filipinos." Everybody has been trying to find
out whether Mr. Sibley intended to be sarcastic or
was stupidly serious.
It is seldom that death becomes an ally against him
self, but in the fight of the people of the Mission
against the horror of Southern Pacific Company
tracks in the district death has made the struggle a
determined one.
The British generals in South Africa are extending
mutual congratulations that they discovered, in the
fighting on Spion Kop, several weak places in the
Boer position. They seem also to have struck a few
strong ones. §P§|
The edict has gone forth. Hanna says Roosevelt
is too light a weight for the Vice Presidency. It
seems a shame, too, before Teddy even received an
opportunity to weigh in.
Russia is rapidly earning the title of the pawn
broker of nations. Her latest acquisition, won by a
loan of many millions, is Persia, whom the other na
tions seem very anxious now to take out of pawn
Quillet' » lr« Cream and Cakes. 905 Larkla st.»
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-veitlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Eanta Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every "Wednesday. To St. Louts
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office. CS Market street.
any protectionist that Republican identification with
their schemes is a good thing to avoid, from the
standpoint of party principle and policy.
KASSON IS ANGRY.
IT is reported that Mr. Kasson, American Com
missioner of Reciprocity, is angry at the opposi
tion to his Jamaican and French treaties. This is
sad. He proposed to trade off the interests of Cali
fornia in order to open a French market for American
kerosene. The profit on that market under his ar
rangement is to be taken out of California producers
of fruit, and wine, and brandy. It strikes a reason
able man that California should be angry, and Mr.
Kasson should be apologetic.
His Jamaican treaty is taken as the measure of
freedom to be given in our markets to the products
of Cuba and Porto Rico. He is just now reinforced
by General Roy Stone, whose professional specialty
has been regarded to be the construction of good
roads, but who now appears as a specialist in re
ciprocity, second only to Commissioner Kasson him
self. We fear that the General is also angry. He an
nounces that heretofore he has stood by protection
to American labor through thick and thin, and, ad
mitting that one-half of the people in the West In
dian islands live on 5 cents a day, declares that fact
is urged as an objection to Mr. Kasson's reciprocal
arrangements only by stupid people!
The California orange-grower, who, from San
Diego to Shasta, can go into the market with his
splendid product nearly every day in the year, and
who has made oranges as cheap as apples used to be,
may be stupid, but when his labor costs from a dol
lar to a dollar and a half a day, he is just stupid
enough to remark that he cannot compete with labor
that fattens on 5 cents a day.
General Stone says that he wants the American
workman to have an orange. If he will study the
American workman and be wise he will find him al
ready in possession of several oranges, cheaper than
he ever had them before, and able to get them by re
ceiving wages held up to the American standard by
protection against labor that lives on 5 cents a day.
We have assumed that the Kasson treaties would be
beaten. They should be defeated as an economic
proposition. The California members of Congress
should devote themselves to their defeat. Turning
from economics to politics, and in this issue the two
are inseparable, we wish to ask Republican leaders
what argument they, can make for protection if these
treaties are ratified, and General Stone's airy remarks
about 5 cents a day labor are used in the campaign?
As Mr. Kasson has treated the Dingley bill as a
measure passed for the sole purpose of forcing other
nations into reciprocal free trade, General Stone
admires cheao labor in the tropics^ it will occur to
those matters in which he Is bo deeply
Interested. In the evening Mr. Otani was
given a dinner at the Pacific Union Club,
after which he became the guest of Mr.
Newhall at a theater party.
Accompanying Mr. Otani in the capacity
of secretaries are T. Mlzutany of Toklo
and K. Ward of Yokohama.
It is thought by those interested In the
establishment of a local commercial mu
seum that the arrival of Mr. Otani is most
opportune, as his Influence, if exerted in
the Interests of the project, will have
great weight in the Orient and will do
much toward facilitating: the plans of tho
museum.
Mr. Otani will remain in the city but a
few days, as it is his intention to take
the next trans-Pacific steamer for Japan.
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
ALL men not in politics, and all men in politics, in California, know that no election
of a Senator was ever as free and stainless of bargain, bribery, barter and indirec
tion as Bard's.
The Examiner began its course of slander of him by saying that he is "rich but
respectable." Did it lie about his respectability or is its code of respectability consist
ent with the commission of the crime of bribery to get a great office, or with becoming
the conscious beneficiary of bribery by others?
Senator Bard is in comfortable circumstances, thanks to his own exertions as boy
and man, and the slauders of the Examiner will not tarnish his respectability. Califor
nia has had rich Senators. Several of them have been Democrats. The Call has no
desire to go beyond epitaphs to discuss their respectability, or add to existing public
knowledge of the means by which they reached the Senate. But personal reputation
does not wait for death to make it dear to the friends and the family of a public man,
and that of Senator Bard is as precious to his household, his partisans and his compan
ions, now while he il alive, as that of some of his not remote predecessors is, though they
have passed on.
¦ The Examiner is the last paper that should discuss such a subject offensively,
and the last that should wildly and wickedly lie to defame an honest man, who has won
a Senatorship by honest means, for between him and others there is a contrast that* in
stinctively occurs to every man who is familiar with the history of California politics for
the past score of years.
Assuming that its readers are fools, the Examiner proceeds to enlarge upon- its
single count against Senator Bard, that he is rich, and represents him as the choice and
minion and puppet of Mr. C. P. Huntington, and then in the same issue charges that
he was elected by the expenditure of $100,000 by the Sugar Trust.
As a study in the evolution of a lie the Examiner's defamatory attack is a model.
Its several steps are as follows:
"The Sugar Trust did it."
"If the current story is true it cost about $100,000."
"The flying trip to Sacramento of W. F. Herrin had nothing to do with the dis
tribution of the $100,000, if those who claim to know can be believed."
THE CHRONICLE'S IDEAS.
THE Chronicle appears as the warm proponent
of free trade with the tropics. It affects to see
no difference between free trade between lowa
and Minnesota and the same condition with Porto
Rico, Hawaii and the Philippines.
We are ready to admit that there would be no dif
ference if "the flag" could give the axis of the earth
a different angle to the plane of its orbit, thereby
shifting the vertical sun and changing the climate.
The difficulty is a physical difference between the
temperate zone and the tropics. In our continental
possessions there is a practical homogeneity of peo
ple and equality of climatic or physical conditions, so
that labor approximates the same scale and the stan
dard of life the same conditions throughout the
United States.
When we enter the tropics conditions change to a
difference that is irreconcilable. All tropical coun
tries are poor, all tropical labor and life are upon a
plane fixed by the climate. American wages will
never be paid in the tropics, because American labor
cannot go there to earn them. English wages, which
are the nearest ours, are not paid anywhere in the
tropical possessions of the empire, because English
workmen cannot live there. The British Isles do
rot suffer by free trade with the tropics, beciuse they
are not producers in competition with the tropics.
Those isles raise no cotton, nor sugar, nor citrus
fruits, nor tobacco, nor rice, nor hemp. They do not
even raise corn. Free trade with regions that pro
duce these things is an advantage to Great Britain.
But we raise them all at home. We can produce
all the sugar we need, when stability of policy makes
safe the necessary investment. In Eastern Texas, in
the lowlands of Louisiana and in Alabama, Georgia
and South Carolina we can produce a surplus of rice
over our own demand for consumption. In Mis
souri, Kentucky and California we can raise all the
hemp we require. *l~he tobacco lands of North Caro
lina, in the valley of the Housatonicand the Con
necticut, in Ohio, Wisconsin and California
can produce all the grades of tobacco below
the luxurious brand that is a climatic monopoly of
Cuba. We supply two-thirds of the world's con
sumption of raw cotton. California has a fruit pro
ducing capacity that can supply our home market and
a surplus for export with citrus fruits, raisins, and
the whole range of dried and tinned products of the
orchard. All of this vast and varied production is
the result of American labor, paid on the American
scale of wages. Free trade with the tropics means
competition in all of it with a permanently lower scale
of wages. The iron law of wages is their approxi
mation to the cost of living. Where the standard of
life is high, wages rise to it. Where it is low, they
fall to it. In the tropics the necessities of existence
are few, they are supplied with little labor, and the
multiplication of human wants is impossible, since
they are all measured by physical and social neces
sity.
It is well that before plunging into a policy there
be preceding knowledge of the conditions to which it
is applied. This is why The Call has advised that
Congress pau?e for study before launching out upon
legislation for these Spanish islands in the tropics.
The idea of the Chronicle is manifestly erroneous
and is based upon a comparison of conditions that
are incomparable. Things equal have no analogy
with things unequal. lowa and Minnesota, Califor
nia and Florida, have equality of physical conditions
snd approximate equality of wages and life. The
equal operation of public law enforced by the con
stitution can be between them with good effect.
When that equality is extended to the tropics Ameri
can labor will suffer and all American interests will
suffer with it, since the condition of labor fixes all
conditions in this country.
We are anxious only that the people shall not be
deceived — that they shall not even be permitted to
deceive themselves. If we permanently retain these
Spanish islands our labor will need just as much pro
tection against their competitive production as it did
when they were the property of Spain. We cannot
assimilate their people. The flag will not automati
cally raise the wages of labor, nor the standard of life,
ror multiply the wants of man. It is a practical and
rot a sentimental question. The doctrine of protec
tion to American labor is not only vital, but the tests
it will be called upon to bear in the future promise to
be greater than those of the past
The Fastest Train Across tho Con-
tinent.
The California. Limited. Santa F» Rout?.
Connecting- trains leave at 6p. m. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line t»
the East. Ticket ofnc«. 6CS Market i»w«.
Tax on Charter Party.
The Internal Revenue Department nas
decided that where more than one vessel
Is chartered under one charter party the
tax accrues on the basis of the net regis-
tered tonnage of each vessel. This is an
increase of expense to that branch of
commerce.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Prrss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street! Telephone Main 1042. •
March styles Standard Patterns. Do-
mestic office. 1021 Market street. •
Icecream at Townsend's, 733. Market. •
Trunks, valises. pocketbook3 and travel-
ing sets. Immense assortment at Sanborn
& Vails. *
Orange water ice. Townsend'a 733 Mkt. •
LEADER IN COMMERCIAL
CIRCLES OF JAPAN HERE
Kohe Otani the Guest of Local Busi
ness Men, Who Are Showing
Him the Sights.
The register of the Palace Hotel bears
the signature of Kohe Otani, one of the
foremost men of the Japanese commercial
world, who is in the city en route to his
native land after having completed a tour
of all the principal cities and points of
Interest throughout the United States.
Mr. Otani is the president of the Yoko
hama Chamber of Commerce, president
of the Central Board of the Tea Traders'
Guild of Japan,' a member of the. High
Council of Japan for the promotion of
agriculture, commerce and industry, and
he is prominently identilled with about
every great commercial organization in
his own country, besides being an hon
orary member of any number of similar
organisations in other lands.
' The object of Mr. Otani's visit to this
country and to Europe, where his travels
took him also, was to study the commer
cial conditions of the world and to gather
data and information which may be of
benefit to the mercantile community of
Japan. He rays that he has been much
Impressed with the advanced theories and
methods in use in the United States, most
of which can be used with equal advan
tage by his countrymen.
Mr. Otani looks forward to an Immense
commerce between this coast and Japan,
and considers the increase in the volume
of business that the past year has seen
merely a promise of the still greater
things. that the future holds in store.
Yesterday Mr. Otani was taken in hand
by Vice President Newhall and Secretary
Scott of the local Chamber, of Commerce
and shown about the city. The Chamber
of Commerce,. Board of Trade and Stock
Exchange were visited and the. distin
guished visitor was given. an opportunity
to thoroughly study the workings of
Burned in an Ice-House.
S. Allabron, fireman in the factory of
the Consumers* Ice Company, 420 Eighth
street, was severely burned about the
face and hands early yesterday morning
by a gust of flame caused by a forced
draught. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
Sunnyside Needs Fire Protection.
The Fire Commissioners received a pe
tition yesterday from the Sunnyslde Im
provement Club for the erection of an
engine house in that locality so as to
provide householders with suitable fire
protection. It was pointed out that the
nearest engine house was about a mile
and a half away. The petition was placed
on file, it being stated there were no
fur.ds. The question of a uniform, which
has been bothering the board for some
time, was settled yesterday by the adop
tion of that at present in use.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
UNITED STATES LANDS— B., Ocd-
dental, Cal. On the payment of a fee of
$1 any United States Land Office will fur
nish a plat of Government land In its dis
trict that has not been taken up.
CIGAR BRANDS— W. H. D., City. This
department has not been able to find a
record of the number of brands of cigars
that are manufactured in the republic of
Mexico, nor how many have bands
around them-
LYDDITE SHELLS— S., City. "Lyddite
shells" are shells that are filled with a
very high explosive, the composition of
which is kept a closely guarded secret. It
is believed that the principal ingTedient
in this explosive is picric acd.
TO BECOME A CITIZEN— F. S., City.
For information about a minor becoming
a citizen of the United States see answer
to another correspondent in Answers to
Correspondents, under the head of "Nat
uralization," in The Call of February 7.
1900. -
PARIS EXPOSITION — OS.. City. If
you are anxious to obtain a position at
the Paris Exposition this year this depart
ment knows of no better way than for
you to advertise in the "want" depart
ment of the San Francisco Call your de
siro and the fact that you speak French
and five other languages.
GAS— H. H., City. This department is
at a loss to understand what the corre
spondent means by the question, "Why
Is it that gas will not go through pipes a
very great distance?" When gas Is let into
a pipe It will fill the pipe, no matter how
long it may be. It forces out ordinary air
that may be in the pipe, providing there
is an opening in the pipe at the time the
gas is let into it.
DIME AND STAMPS— Subscriber. Oak
land. Cal. There Is no special value for a
dime coined in 1894 unless It is one of the
twenty-four coined In San Francisco in
that year. Under the rule of this depart
ment that no business of any kind is ad
vertised, it cannot Inform the corre
spondent the name of a reliable firm In
San Francisco doing business in trading
stamps.
THE SIXTH CALJFORNIA-B. P. M.,
Marcuse, Cal. The medals for the Cali
fornia volunteers are being distributed by
SL« I %,-IS P } dI X? a R O9s lDle. and the men
«is2iJf fhf d-d -i n tne California sixth will
?£¦?««? n a ss hort. ort tlme - If TOU <*e
!lfm,M * an a PP llca «on for such you
t »««? *f « you J aPP'Jcatlon to Henry
the " N ? rf °r? cc V f &c& e ?7 and «"etary of
Francisco. °' ™" 41< Mason Btreet - San
REQUEST BY LETTER-F.. Center
ville, Cal. A writer on etiquette says:
Never send a letter of inquiry requiring
a personal answer without inclosing a
PRETTY GIRLS
AT LUNCHEON
Ladies of the Forum Club
Prepare to Entertain
the Gentlemen.
?
The Misses Spreckels gave a delightful
luncheon yesterday afternoon at the resi-
dence of their parents, Mr. and Mrs. John
D. Spreckels, on Howard street. The af
fair was a most dainty one, menu service
and decorations all being In perfect har
mony. Covers were laid for sixteen.
Seated at table were: Miss Georgina
Hopkins. Miss Edna Hopkins, Miss Carrie
Taylor, Miss Alice Schussler, Miss Maud
Wood, Miss Mary Josselyn, Miss Ruth
McNutt, Miss Margaret Salisbury, Miss
Ella Morgan, Miss Caro Crockett, Miss
Cordelia O'Connor, Miss Helen Smith,
Miss Josephine . Loughborough and Miss
Fannie Loughborough.
The ladles of the Forum Club are mak
ing elaborate preparations for "gentle
men's night," which will be held on
Thursday evening. February 22. This will
be the first time the Forum Club has en
tertained its admirers of the sterner sex.
A splendid programme is being arranged,
which will constitute one of the many
pleasant surprises of the evening. The
ladies have secured Golden Gate Hall for
their entertainment.
The wedding of Miss Elsie Hazel Llebes
and Fred L. Lezlnsky will take place on
Sunday, February 11, at the home of the
bride's mother. Mrs. Hannah Llebes.
TAILOR-MADE CLOTH COSTUME.
The costume represented, which is
suited for a girl, is of beige cloth or cord
ed velveteen. The bolero is trimmed with
sable and the lapels are faced with white
liberty satin, with stitched pleats, and
waistcoat to match. The eklrt, from the
edges of the apron, is in flat pleats and
has two bands of sable down the front.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Major George G. Arthur. 17. S. A., Is at
the Palace.
James Spinney, the Fresno politician. Is
at the Grand.
Mrs. Frank McLaughlln of Santa Cruz
is at the Palace.
C. M. Hartley, a well-known orchanUst
of Vacavllle, Is at the Grand.
J. Daulton, a wealthy rancher of
Madera, is staying at the Lick.
C. F. Perry, the Los Angeles mill owner.
Is at the Lick, accompanied by his wife.
R. A. Graham, a prominent business
man of Oregon, Is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. D. Smith of the Napa Insane
Asylum is at the California for a few
days.
W. Spiers, a mining man and stage
owner of Guadalupe, is registered at the
Lick.
O. G. Sage has come down from his
home in Sacramento and Is registered at
the Palace.
Theo B. Wllcoz, a millionaire business
man of Portland, Or., and bis wife are at
the Palace.
Dr. A. M. F. McColough, one of the
leading physicians of Los Angeles, ts reg
istered at the Grand.
Willis Pike, a wealthy fruit grower and
packer of Fresno, Is on« of yesterday's
arrivals at the Grand.
D. W. Murphy and James Hardy, promi
nent business men of Toledo, Ohio, are
among the arrivals of last night at the
Occidental.
B. F. Hutchlnson, Albert Gaw and
Henry Mlnett, U. S. N., arrived on the
transport Sherman yesterday and are at
the Occidental. .
Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Pope arrived
on the transport Sherman yesterday from
the Philippines. He is now at the Occi
dental with his wife and family.
THE HOLMES QUARTET
AND MRS. LLOYD-SMITH
The first of the fortnightly popular con
certs of the Henry Holmes quartet took
place yesterday afternoon at the Califor
nia Theater. Ceclle Hardy was the vocal
soloist and Fred Maurer the accom
panist. The Instrumental numbers con
sisted of Schubert's posthumous quartet
in D minor, Haydn's variations on "God,
Preserve tho Emperor" and the E flat
quintet of Schumann.
The quartet, which is composed or
Henry Holmes, first violin; Hothar Wis
mer, second violin; Armand Solomon,
viola, and Theodore Mansfeldt, violon
cello, played without emotional quality
and did not succeed in giving the music
any interest beyond that which is to be
found In mere accuracy. Mr. Holmes*
tone is quite full.- but his bowing is fre
quently feeble, and he seemed at times J
to infect the whole quartet with insecur
'cedle Hardy sang "Elsa'a Dream," from
"Lohensrrin." and "Since Firsf I Met
Thee," by Rubinstein. She has an in
equable voice, limited in compass, and in
the Wagner Item was not adequate to the
task. The best music was contributed,
strangely enough, by the accompanist.
Fred Mauer, who in spite of an artificial
style plays with unusual taste and ex
pression. * « •
On 'Tuesday evening Mrs. Adelaldo
Lloyd-Smith gave a concert at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'s Hall, assisted by the MlnetU
quartet and Cantor E. J. Stark. Mendels
sohn's quartet in E flat major and the
Romanze from a Grieg quartet were ad
mirably rendered by Mr. Minetti and his
confreres. The music that is furnished
us by these artists is of a high order of
merit, and they always succeed in rous
ing their audience to a respectable aaow
of enthusiasm.
Cantor Stark sang "Eri Tv" from
Verdi's "Vn Ballo" and Schumann's
"Two Grenadiers." His immense voice
is not lacking in musical quality and his
use of tone color is altogether admirable.
Mrs. Lloyd-Smith made a bad selection
for her first number, a waltz song by
Ardlte, but It really makes little differ
ence what she might sing, for her ability
is slender and her voice anything but
pleasant. She sang off the pitch almost
continually, and at times the dissonance
was excruciating. The anxiety of some
singers to appear in public Is often as
great as their merit is small.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase & M*n<lenhall— Friday, February 9. at 12 o'clock.
I:.: - Horses, at Oakland Race Track.
"Reputed friends of the Sugar Trust had wads of $1000 bills that would balk a
hurdle jumper."
Now, all and singular, we denounce these statements and insinuations as lies, de
liberately coined and printed, not only to the intended injury of the good name of Sena
tor Bard, but greatly to the injury of California. There were no such stories current,
except as they were current between and among the "special commissioner" liars in the
employ of the Examiner, compelled to shamelessly debauch their consciences down to
the level of their employer. If there be any one "who claims to know" that money stained
the result or passed to accomplish it, outside the lying drabs who are scarlet with the sins
committed by command of their master, let him be produced. If Mr. Herrin heard that
$100,000 had been passed, he must have heard it from some one. Produce that witness.
If the Examiner know that Mr. Herrin "heard" any such thing, it must have that infor
mation from Herrin himself, for no other could tell what he heard. We challenge it
to produce Mr. Herrin as a witness that he heard such a thing, and told the Examiner.
We challenge the proof that any Examiner "special commissioner" saw wads of
$1000 bills, or saw a single $1000 bill exposed in betting or otherwise in the contest.
We do not propose to permit this slander of California and attack on an honor
able man to pass unchallenged. t From the time the Examiner exchanged the lilies and
languors of virtue for the roses and raptures of vice, and ceased to be respectable as it
was under the editorship of Pen Johnston and Phil Roach, it has ceaselessly de
graded the standard of politics in this State. The only candidate in its own party who
has reached the Senatorship since then without the payment of a dollar in bribery was
Hon. Stephen M. White, and it opposed and fought and defamed, him throughout his
campaign. It has never failed to support Democratic candidates for the Senate who
were able and willing to buy the office, and has opposed those who were either unable
or unwilling.
It ill becomes a political lattice tapper and painted Jezebel, a debauched de
baucher of others like the Examiner, to pin the garments of virtue. on its reputation that
is so diseased that all the medicinal waters of the Hot Springs cannnot sweeten it again,
and by echoing its own lies weave a poison slander around the fair fame of an honestly
elected and high-minded Senator.
We challenge it again to present the proof of its charges, or stand with one
more brand added to the marks of sin that already deface it.
" That's aTempting Position, but— l"
—Post-Dispatch.
"After he heard that $100,000 of Sugar Trust money was to be used to elect him
(Bard)."
"Now it is all over everybody is looking about to find out the agent who handled
the sack."
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
THE Bostonlans are dolnjr well with
"The Smugglers of Badayez." by
Mlnkowsky. the local composer.
Next Monday night they will pro
duce for the first time on any >ta£3 Smith
and Herbert's "The Viceroy." The ad
vance sale of seats begins to-day.
"The Cuckoo" will continue at the Cali
fornia until Sunday night, when "An Un
conventional Honeymoon" will be pre
sented. Miss Keith "Wakeman will make
her first appearance with the Frawleys in
this piece.
The Alcazar Stock Company Is present
ing "Friends" at present, with Mary
Hampton in the cast. Xext week. "Oh.
Susannah!"
"Aladdin Jr.," with specialties. Is tha
bill at the Grand, and the announcement
is made that th» extravn~nr<za Tflll b»
continued until further notic*.
There eeems to be no ninit to the suc
cess of "The Idors Eye" at the Tlvoll
It will be continued next week.
Ezra Kendall's sketch. "The Half-Way
House" Is a success at the Orpheum in
the hands of Mr. and Mrs. Perkins
Fisher. The bill for next week Is almost
entirely new and includes: Cushmsn,
Holcomb and Curtis In a musical comedy.
"The New Teacher": Monroe and Mack,
talking comedians; Deets and P on » g°
malo Brothers, Frank Coffin and the bio
g^fheAlhambra ls'rivinr a week of melo
drama with "London Life. Next Sun
day afternoon the vitoscope Pictures of
the Jeffries-Sharkey contest will be ex
hibited and thereafter every afternoon
a T d he V ofySla bill this week is good
Mile. Thelma and Will H. Hill are still
popular, and Cad Wilson is entering on
JVn "mateur" lawn party will be the at
traction at the Chutes to-night.
This afternoon Mile. Trebelll will give
a farewell concert at the Grand Opera
house. The programme will include the
gems of her recent concerts among them
the "Laughlns Song," which has proved
evening the Mlnettl Quartet
will concertize at Sherman. Clay & Co. s
Hall. Mrs. Alice Bacon Washington will
for the third concert
of the symphony series will begin on
Saturday at Sherman. Clay & Co. r s. The
programme will include a symphony com
posed by Henry Holmes.
THE EXAMINER SLANDER.
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 8, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFiriJ. .Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main ISOB.
EDITORIAL nOOSIS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone .Main IS7-4.
Delivered by Carrlerp. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
MnsJe <"o)ilc«, 3 Cent*.
Term* by M«il. Including I'n'inc:
DAII.I CALL (Including: Sutidny). one year. .90.00
DAILY CALL (Inclurtliie Snndayf, <S nionlhi. . 3.00
DAILY CALL (incladlnit; Sunday), 3 month*. . 1.50
DAILY CALL Uy Single Month <!.".<•
MM)*V CALL One Year 1 .r.o
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All pontmaatera are Authorized to receive
¦ nbacrlptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded irhen requested
OAKLA\D OFFICK 111S Broadway
C. GBORGR KKOCXBSS.
Hanacrr l'nrrltu Advertising:. Mnrqnclte Uuild
lnsr. ( lifc.-iKu.
SEW YOIIK COIinESI'OXDEXTi
C. C CARLTO.V Herald Sanare
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE I
PERRY LI'KEXS JR 29 Tribune Dnlldine j
CHICAGO XEWS STANDS:
Sherman House j P. O. News Co.s Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont IIon«e> Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open nntll !>:3O o'clock. 300 Hayes, j
open nntll O:3U o'clock. <J3l> McAllister, open |
¦ until :•::;<» o'clock. «»ir» Larkiu, open until j
9:30 o'clock. 1!M1 Mlaalon, open nntll 1O
o'clock. 22<il Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until :» o'clock. IO9G Valencia, open until O
o'clock. lOU ICleventb, open nntll II o'clock.
\\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky. |
open until 9 o'clock. :
THE NEW ROUTE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
stamp to pay the postage upon the reply.
If you do not you have no reason to com
plain If you are not answered. It Is quite
enough to ask any one to take the timo
to give you the desired Information with
out expecting the individual to supply pa
per, envelope and postage in order to
oblige you in what Is not to the Indi
vidual of the least moment." It may be a
little thing in it3elf tr.at you ask done,
involving but the penning of a few line?,
but even this, to a busy person, is often
a tax. and it Is no breach of etiquette if
your letter la tossed In the waste basket,
when you not only ask the Individual to
give you something for nothing, but ask
the Individual to pay for the privilege of
sending you the information.
The rule of the department of Answers
to Correspondents is that the correspond
ent who desires information that cannot
be given through the department shall
inclose in letter of Inquiry a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tiroll— "The Idol's Eye."
R Grand Opera-house— "Aladdin 3r."
Orpbeuin— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Btnucclers of Badayez.*?
Alhatnbra— "London Life."
California— "The Cuckoo." L
Alcazar— "Friend*."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympta. corner Mason and Ellis street*— Specialties.
Oakland Race Track— Races.
6Trebelli's Farewell Recital.
Mile. Antoinette Trebelll's farewell re
cital will take place at 3:15 this afternoon
at the Grand Opera-house. At the close
of it, she will leave for the East. Popu
lar prices, ranging from 25 cents to $1,
will prevail. The following gems from her
repertoire will constitute the programme:
No. 1, recite and scene, "Vous gui me
Fuyer" (Helle), Duvernoy; No. 2 (a)
"Thy Voice Is Heard on the Rolling Air"
(words by Tennyson), G. Blumenthal; (b)
"Serenade." G. Blumenthal; Xo. 3, air and
variations, "Carnival of Venice," V.
Masso; Tso. 4 (a) "Bon Pocchi flor"
(l'Anico Fritz), Mascagnl; (b) "Mama
you Mama." Mascagnl; (c) "Panso,"
Tosti; No. 6. "Aricso," Dellbes; No. 6,
"Winds in the Trees," G. Thomas; (b)
echo song, Echkert: No. 7, "Gen til Pri
gloniers," Meattei, and the famous laugh
ing song.
Our Increased Trade With China.
England can no longer compete with v* . in
the shipment of many product* to China. Our
trade with the Chinese has Increased almost
40 per cent within the last year. This is merely
natural. The best wins In everything. For
a like reason Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, the
best remedy in the country, has for fifty years
acknowledged no superior to cure constipation.
Indication, dyspepsia and biliousness.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"KOOT MOX. Ye Caoca Stop the Rash" 1
"Wonldn't That Keep You Waiting?"
DON'T MISS THE NEW "FAIRY TALES!!"
THE FOURTH WEEK
Of the Enormous CctnJc Opera Triumph,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
EVERY EVENING AT I.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT J.
THE SAME OLD PRICES— IS and E0 cent*.
Telephone Bush f. '2 "
Mrs. McMullin's Story.
Mrs. Virginia McMuUln was on th© wit
ness stand for two hours In Judge Bahrs*
court yesterday testifying to what she
believed to be the causes that prompted
her husband. Thurlow McMullin. to leave
her in lsT7. shortly after they were mar
ried. Mrs. McMullin said that her hus
band continually tormented her about
trivial matters and his continued absence
caused her to keep an account of his
nights away from home and tha figures
show that from February to November of
1597 he stayed away 150 evenings. Tho
testimony being all in the case went over
till Friday for argument.
EVERYTHING NEW, NOVEL AND
ENTERTAINING.
MTV AND MRS. PERKINS FISHER In Earn
Kendall'* "HALF- WAY HOUSE": MICHELL:
THE HOLLOWAYB: BRUET AND RIVIERE;
EOHLKES PICKANINNIES; PARTIE TRIO;
IRENE FRANKLIN: BIOGRAPH.
f^cvfminta.
Reserve!! Beam. Ssc: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs ar.d Box Seats. C&c
aiat!nees — Wednesday. Saturday & Sunday.
THE END IS NEAR.
THE FRA-WTLEY COMPANY SEASON
COMINO "TO A CLOSE.
•The CUCKOO"
FOR TEE REST OF THE WEEK.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
"AN TTNCONVENTIONAL HONEYMOON."
By the Late Aug-ustin Daly.
First Arse^rarce of MISS KEITH WAKE-
MAN.
SPECIAL 1
TWO MATINEES NEXT WEEU.
We«r.es<3ay, Feb. 14, "TRILBY."
Friilar, Feb. 16, "MME. SANS GEN 2."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
the Sherman there were 15 cabin passen
gers, SS sick soldiers, 4 prisoners, 4 men
who ran away from the Meade In Naga
saki but who were recaptured soon after
that vessel sailed for San Francisco, and
the remains of 8 soldiers. The Pathan
brought neither passengers nor freight,
while the Indiana has aboard the remains
of 123 dead soldiers.
There was general rejoicing aboard the
Sherman when it was learned that the
transport Logan had not arrived in port.
The two steamers left New York together
and, by avoiding two ports of call, the
Logan made the run to Manila in S6 hours
better time than the Sherman. Captain
Grant of the latter vessel Insists, how
ever, that in actual steaming time his
vessel beat the Logan two hours.
There has been more or less discussion
over this matter for some months back,
so the crews of both transports were
more than pleased when both were sched
uled to sail for San Francisco on tho
same day. The vessels coaled at Naga
saki with Japanese fuel and the Sherman
sailed on January 21 at 8:30 p. m., with
the Logan to follow her at 6 p. m. Owing
to the number of sick men he bad aboard,
Captain Grant took the outside passage
and the southern route, while the Logan
sailed by way of the inland sea and the
great circle route. The distance by tha
southern route is considerably longer than
that by the great circle, but the Sher
man made the run In 17 days and reached
port first.
Chief Engineer George R. Klngsland of
the Sherman was sick during the first
three weeks after the vessel left San
Francisco, but he was aa well as ever
almost when the transport left Manila-
He was determined to make a good run
home and every engineer in the ship was
of the same mind. In consequence the
Sherman's engines made more revolutions
an hour with the poor Nagasaki coal than
they did with tho best kind of English
fuel on the passage down.
The Sherman never before came irto
port In such a spick and span condition,
and Captain Grant says the voyaga bus
been most pleasant throughout. To
Chief Officer A. M. Walton and Chief
Steward J. J. Fallon Is mainly due tha
yachtllke appearance of the big trans
port. Everything alow and aloft was in
the very best of order and officers and
men are on tho best of terms with each
other.
After leaving here olxty-thres days ago
the Sherman went to Honolulu. The Lu
bonic plague was prevalent, and Captain
Grant shaped his course for Guam. Dur
ing the run to Guam measles broke out
among the colored troops, and when tha
island waa reached communication with
the shore was prohibited. Years ago a
case of measles was landed on Guam and
it almost destroyed the native populaUon.
The hospital ship Yosemlte was in port
while the Sherman was at Guam. There
was twenty-eight cases of typhoid fever
among the crew.
As tha collier Brutus had left Guam for
Manila with the disabled transport Vic
toria in tow a couple of days before the
Sherman arrived, the Sherman had to
proceed on her way without getting any
coal. Manila was reached without mis
hap. The Sherman made the round trip
in sixty-three days, being the third -time
in succession she has performed that
feat This Is a splendid record and
stamps the vessel as one of the finest
transports in the fleet.
The Indiana and Pathan left Manila
and Nagasaki six days ahead of the Sher
man, and both made port a few hours
after her. .. _.
The cabin passengers on tha Sherman
were: Major W. S. H. Matthews sur
geon. U. S. A.: Major F. A. Cook, Twen
ty-sixth Infantry; Captain N. D. Bolton.
Sixteenth Infantry; Mrs. N. D Bolton
and Miss Bolton. Lieutenant Hutchinson.
U S N.; Lieutenants A. D. Ferguson,
Thirty-sixth Infantry: F. A. Vicars Tl-ir
tv-nrst Infantry; Halstead Dorey, Fourth
Infantry-; A? ll Wetherill. Sixth Infan
try; Paymaster Gaw, U. S. A.; J. J.
O'Brien and the Misses Louise F. Honi*
and Eleanor Underwood.
During the voyage Corporal Martin A.
Dillon of the Signal corps and Private
Alfred Holmes of Company D, Four
teenth Infantry, died. Holmes breathed
his last Tuesday night while the trans
port was hove to off the heads awaiting
the lifting of the fog to make port. The
remains of the other men brought up by
the Sherman were: Lieutenant Ward
Cheney Fourth Infantry; Lieutenant
Daniel 'Bowman. Thirty-seventh Infan
try; Lawrence de Witt, corporal. Cora
panv D. Thirty-second Infantry; Ennls
Wilfiams, Company H. Twenty-eight 1 !
Infantry: William N. Brotherton, Com
pany A, Eleventh Cavalry; Benjamin Ha
worth, Company C, Third Infantry.
The sick soldiers on the Sherman were
landed at the. Presidio and the four de
serters were turned over to the military
authorities at Alcatraz. They were pris
oners who escaped from the Meade and
were recaptured. •
The transport Conemaugn is to sail to
day with a load of horses for General
Otis. The transport St. Paul left Naga
eaki shortly before the Sherman and
should arrive to-day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Australia sailed for Honolulu
yesterday with an unusually heavy
freight, but very few passengers. Those
who went in the cabin were: Miss E. A.
Bailey. Mrs. G. J. Becker. Miss L. Bollea,
John G. Carpenter and wife, C D. Chase
and wife. Mrs. R. A. Dodd. Mrs. J. J.
Egan and child. T. A. Pettus, William
Sexton and Fred Seybolt.
The Harbor Commisisoners met yester
day and adopted the plans for the new
ferry depot. Bids will now be- called for
and In another fortnight the structure
will ba wall under way.
Dairy Maid beat Mystic Maid 3 to 5; Sky
blue beat Merciful 4 to 6; Nor'west beat
Master Mat 1 to 2. The detailed results
of the running follow:
Curtis St Son* Narcissus beat A. Master's
Hadlwlst; Curtis & Son's McKinley beat Lande
& Gerber"* Rlenzl; P. Reilly 1 * Lady Granard
beat Lande & Gerber' e Concord; J. McEnroe'*
Magic Circle beat J. Keenan'* Royal Oak;
Maher & Reid's Singleton beat Captain Clark
con's Blackhawkj H. Lynch* Lottie M beat
Curtis & Son* Commodore; P. McCabe's Sky
blue beat Bartels Bros.' Baron Blood; W. F.
Hobb'* Mercy May beat M. B. Kavanaugh's
Hard Lines; P. Rellly's Expense beat W. H.
Hoax's Lady Norborn*: J. Watklns' Merciful
beat T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale; P. Relliy*
Master Mat beat J. Keenan's Blacklock; J.
McEnroa'a Nor'west beat P. ReUly's Richmond
Queen: E. Casserly*s Lady Blanche beat Curtis
& Son* Terrona; T. J. Cronin'* Thorndale beat
Bartels Bros.' Ballroom BelU; F. Moran's False
Flatterer beat Pasha Kennels' Rather Artful:
M. London's Magneto beat J. Dennis' October
Woodcock; Pasha Kennela' May Hempstead
beat D. E. Wiley'* May Girl: R. E. de B.
Lopez's Dairy Maid beat H. Lynch* .Mystic
Maid; F. C. Mack's Delia M beat A. Nichol'a
Precede; Curtis & Son*' Flying Fox beat P.
Reilly** Richmond Crest; Pasha Kennels' Re-
Annex beat Bartels Bros.' Banner Brlsht; J.
Watklns' Merciless beat Curtis & Son's Echo;
J. M. Halton's Said Pasha beat E. H. Mul
cts ter's Laas o' Gowrfe; Curtis & Son's Ter
ronlta beat F. Rothman's Justice; Maher &
Reid's Nellie Bawn beat Pasha Kennels' Sylvia;
J. Muraane's Wildwood beat Ed Evatt's Hur
ricane: J. Smlth'a Master Workman beat Pasha
Kennels' Rapid Addition; M. J. O'Neill'* Pat
Reilly beat & V. O' Neil's Queen Kelp.
Second round — Narcissus beat Lady Granard;
McKinley beat Magio Circle; Lottie M beat
Singleton; Sky blue beat Mercy May; Merciful
beat Expense; Nor* west beat Master Mat; Lady
Blanche beat Thorndale; Magneto beat Falsa
Flatterer: Dairy Maid beat May Hempstead;
Flying Fox beat Delia M: Re- Annex beat Mer
ciless; Terronlta beat Said Pasha; Wildwood
beat Nellie Bawn; Pat Reilly a bye; Master
Workman drawn.
Third round— Narcissus beat Lottie M; Mc-
Kinley beat Skyblue: Merciful beat Nor'west:
Magneto beat Lady Blanche; Flying Fox beat
Dairy Maid: Re-Annex beat Terronite; Pat
Reilly beat Wildwood.
Fourth round— Narcissus beat Merciful: Mag
neto beat McKinley; Flying Fox beat Re-
Annex; Pat Reilly a bye.
Fifth round— Curtis & Son's Narcissus beat
Magneto, and same owners' Flying Fox beat
Pat Reilly, dividing- first and second money.
UNION COURSING PARK.
An excellent card will be run off at
Union Coursing Park on Saturday and
Sunday next. Following Is the result of
last night's drawing:
Open stake, ninety-six entries:
F. C Mack* Delia M v*. Pasha. Kennel*'
Royal Ann; J. R. Smith* Sylvanu* vs. J. P.
Thrift* St. Michael; Pasha Kennels' May
Hemstead- v*. J. P. Thrift's Brutus; H. F. An
derson's (names) Crawford Braes vs. W. F.
Hobb's Mercy May; Joe Watkins' Gladiator vs.
Maher & Reed's Undo Fuller; Lowe & Thomp
son's Prince Hal vs. Curtis & Bon's. Vanity
Fair; Bartel Brothers' Beer Brewer vs. Curtis
& Son's Cavalier: E. Geary's Ireland vs. J.
O'Neill's Pat Reilly; D. Morasan's Americus
vs. P. Cronln's (names) Cymro; J. Mortality's
Snapper Garrison vs. Maher & Reed's Nelll*
Bawn; Curtis & Son's Commodore vs. R. E.
de B. Lopez's Carmencita; E. M. Kellog?**
lowa Boys vs. E. M. Kellogg*s Sweet Emma;
Ed Everett's Hurricane vg. J. R. Smith*
Magic; J. R. Smith's Petronius vs. Bartel Bro
thers' Banner Brig-ht; Curtis & Son's McKin
ley v*. T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee; H. H.
Gray's Terronette vs. T. Doyle's Wild Mon
arch; J. P. Thrift's Forget vs. H. Lynch*
Lottie M; Bartel Brothers" Mac's Melody vs.
Aenld Kennels' Athena; George Whitney's
Theron vs. Curtis & Son's Maud S; P. Cronin's
(names) Master Gordon vs.. Pasha Kennels'
Reckless Archer; Irwin Lyon'fc Silver Lion vs.
Curtis & Son's Terronite; P. J. ReUly's Grafter
vs. Sterl & Knowles' For Glory; Land & Ger
ber"s Concord vs. Jeff Martenet'a Bill Fos
ter; Curtis & Son's Cash vs. J. McEnroe's
Magic Circle; E. M. Kellofrs's Kid McCoy vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured: H. H. Gray's
Rona vs. Irwin & Lyon's Silver Wlngt: R. S.
Taylor's (names) Beauty Spot vs. H. Lynch' 8
Lexington; J. L. Ross' Jessica vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Re-Annex; Pasha Kennels' Recording
Angel vs J. L. Ross' J L R; Curtis & Sons'
Terrona vs. P. McCabe'* Craig Boy; Connell
Brothers' Dunmore vs. Bartel Brothers' Baron
Blood; J McEnroe's Stone Henge vs. J. R.
Smith's Jennie Wilson; L. Lynch' s (names)
Benlcla Boy vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Papinta;
Land & Gerber"* Rlenza vs. Connell Brothers'
St Helen- Curtis & Son's Narcissus vs. J. R.
Smith's Victor; P. McCabe's Sky Blue vs. J.
McEnroe's Admiral Sampson; Jeff Martenet's
Buxton vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Master
Clalr- G Winder's (names) Riskey Attempt vs.
J Sheeh'an's (names) Aldlck; Maher & Reed's
singleton vs. P. J. Reilly'* Warship; E. M.
Kelloßg's lowa Maid vs. J. Farley's (names)
White Diamond: Lowe & Tnompson's Flora
McDonald vs. Curtis & Son's Echo; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Chicago Boy vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Rolllckinr Airs; E. & R, Scott's Lord
Byron vs. R. E. d« B. Lopez's Sarah: D. Win
ders' (names) Random Aim vs. P. Doyle-s
White Fern; T. J. Cronin's Depend On Me vs.
R E de B Lopez'* Dairy Maid: Connell Bro
thers' Mamie Pleasant vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Oleta; Bartel Brothers' Border's Best vs. J.
G Campbell's Trailer; J. H. Harrison'* Hot
Haste vs. E. Caserly's Lady Blanche.
SAN MATEO PARK.
A forty-dog stake will be run off at
San Mateo Coursing Park on Sunday next.
The drawing last night resulted as fol
lows:
T Logan's Leah vs. J. Martenet's Bernal
Boy; B Wood* Black Knlsrht vs. J. Martenet'a
Bernal Chief; B. Cassldy's Lady Blanche vs.
L. Wlrelns' Dexter P: W. C. Glasaon's Slelch
Bell* vs M. London's Sharkey; R. E. de B.
Lopez & Son's MacGreror vs. T. Logan's Miss
Grizzle: M. London's Battle Ax v*. "VY. X.
Hcrue'B Lady Norboroe; R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Macdougal vs. W. O. Elmer's Fair Flor
ence- N. •P. TVhltlne's Mlnneola va. W. H.
Lord's Revolver: J. Keenan's Royal Oak vs.
T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill; F. A. Me-
Comb's Miss Skyrocket vs. Gus Abercrombie's
The Preacher: A. Harblns names Queen Kelp:
G. Abercrombie's Victor King vs. J. Dean* Gal
lant; S. R. Mount's Sou* Folly vs. — : E. Bau
maUter's Wlnnlnx Way* vs. Qua Abercrombie-*
The Call's
Home Study Circle
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
EXAMINATIONS.
These examinations are open to all students of one or more of tha
courses. Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their an
swers. Certificates will be granted in each course to students whose examin
ation papers meet the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all pa
pers to The Home Study Circle, The Call, San Francisco. Mark all paper 3
"Examination."
Directions— Write with Ink on white paper and on only one side of each sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top
of each sheet of examination paper. Candidates writing upon more than om
course should mail their examinations in separate packages. Mail the sheets
without rolling and with as little foldlns as possible. See that postage is fully
prepaid.
The names of successful candidates will bo arranged In three croups accord
ing to order of merit, as follows: (I) Excellent, (2) good, (3) fair.
• 4>* > >4L>CrA«^'«r^-«rti-^t-i'a>'Sjs'O»'<-C*
r *PmH a iSrk general health, if
h S yßSaSa^7 Xocents*2scents. £
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
January 22 to February 10, Inclu*lv«.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Five or more races each day.
f Races ctart at 2:16 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat* leave San Francisco at IJ m. and
11:80. X. 1:30. 2, J:3O and S p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. Last two car* en train reserred for la-
dles and their escort*: no imoUnr. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All train* via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric car* at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land Also all train* via Alameda mot* con-
nect with Ean Pablo avenue ear* at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric car*
go direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning— Train* leave the track at 4:15 and
4:4S P- m. and Immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAB H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
B. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CfIDTES AND ZOO.
XTVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
DOUGLAS and FORD. Eccentric Elnjrer* and
Dancer*.
DELLA ET. CLAIRE, SoubretU.
VALKYRA. Equilibrist.
HAJOR MITE. th» Smallest Actor on Earth.
AND OTHERS'
TO-NIGHT—
The Amateurs' Lawn Party!
SATURDAY NI6HTJ CAKEWALK!
Phona for Seat* PARK £3
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
...POR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM BAN FRANCISCO S. 8. "PORTLANtr.. ApriI SO. 13C8
FROM SEATTLE ~- S. S. "DORA" April JO. IJOO
t.vOM SAN FRANCISCO S. 8. "RAINIER" May 10L UOO
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM BAN FRANCISCO S. S. "ST. PAUL." May Mti
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE S. 3. "BERTHA." comxneneinx April tti
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For new folder*, maps and farther particular* as to freight and pasug*. apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. (10 Sansom* street. San Francisco. CaJ. ¦
For Seattle *a!U3gs apply V> CAPT. JAS. CARROLL, Uutual U2* Butlllaj, O«aitU,TVuX
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mary Gearhart has sued Taylor Qear
hart for a divorce, alleging failure to pro
vide as cause of action. Helen Streckfuss
asks for a divorce from Charles Streck
fuss on the ground of desertion.
Accused of Embezzlement.
H. E. Routch, who was employed for
three days as a solicitor for the Wash
ington Manufacturing Company, 19 First
street, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detective Reynolds and Po
liceman O'Connor on a charge of misde
meanor embezzlement. He Is accused of
collecting $110 on the orders obtained by
him and appropriating It to his own pur
poses. "-¦;._--_" -¦;._--_ / :- ¦?:'-.-'. r
AMUSEMENTS.
Traveling Men
Claim that Zlnkand serves the finest meals In
Ban Francisco. They all go there. •
HALL OF JUSTICE SURPLUS.
Architects Say There "Will Be a Snug
Sum Left.
The Supervisors Building Committee
received yesterday a communication from
Shea & Shea, architects of the Hall of
Justice, stating that the building would
be ready for occupancy April 15 next.
They recommend that certain changes be
made, so as to accommodate the in
creased requirements of the departments
that will occupy the building. There In
now in the city treasury the sum of |17,-
CM available for the completion of the
building, and the architects think that
only $10,000 will be required, thus 'eav
inga net surplus of $7600.
The California Silk Culture Society re
quested the committee that it be awarded
the contract for making a municipal flag,
should the Mayor's suggestion In that re
gard ba favorably considered. The re
quest was refened to the Board of Public
Works.
Got a Light Sentence.
Henry Schroeder, a young man who pro
cured fifteen shotgun* from as many
sporting men by means of forged orders,
afterward pawning them, appeared be
fore Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
He was convicted and sentenced to five
months in the County Jail, as it was his
first offense. Several other similar
charges against him were dismissed.
Schroeder's mother was In court and
thanked the Judge with tears In her eyes.
Can Now Have Their Clothes.
Public Administrator Boland yesterday
applied for letters of administration on
the estate of the late Hung Lung, tha
Chinese washman. who died on January
25, and the washing which was In hia
possession when he passed away will ba
distributed to the various owners. Hung
Lung's estate is valued at $100, the peti
tion for letters sets forth, but there Is a
large amount of other people's property
In nis washhouse. The judgment of th»
court will settle the entanslement that
Hung Lung caused when he dared to die.
Pyrography outfits and things to burn
In Artists' Material Department at San-
born & Vall's. •
Dental School Nine Wins.
The baseball nine representing the Uni
versity of California Medical College was
defeated by a team from the dental de
partment yesterday morning for the
championship of the Affiliated Colleges.
The score was 8 to 5. The dentists are
thus eligible for the University of Cali
fornia interclass cup contests. They will
meet the sophomores in the final game
of the series on Berkeley campus on Sat
urday morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Transports Sherman and Logan Racing to San Francisco.
This was McDonald's round. The pace
slowed a little in the fourth. The begin
ning of the end appeared In the fifth.
Green landed a right swing which caught
McDonald and dazed him. He went down
from a right on the Jaw and barely lasted
the round out by clinching. He came
back in the sixth and last round with .a
little dash, but a left on the head left
him helpless. His defense was game and
he held on the ropes dazed. He was
knocked down and as he was being
counted out his seconds threw up the
sponge. It was some time before he re
covered sufficiently to leave the ring.
Green fought a great battle and showed
himself an Improved boxer since his last
appearance in the ring. ..,,,.,„
Joe Bell gained the decision over "Kid
Johnson in the opening bout after eight
rounds of the most stubborn fighting.
Each man in turn had a lead over his
opponent, but could not end the battle.
Bell was the aggressor through the
greater part of the bout. Early In the
first round he caught Johnson a right on
the head, dazing him and knocking him
down. It looked to be all up with John
son, but after he was down three seconds
the bell rang signaling the end of the
round.
Bell proved a hard hitter In the second
round and took much of the steam out of
Johnson's blows. The boys fought all over
the ring in the third round, standing up
and exchanging blow for blow. In the
fourth round Johnson hit repeatedly In
the clinches and was warned by Referee
McGinley. The fifth round opened slowly,
but toward the end it was desperate
fighting. Bell bled from nose and mouth
from Johnson's frequent Jabbing. A slight
trickle of blood from Johnson's right ear
showed where Bell had landed on him.
It seemed that one or the other of the
men would go out repeatedly during the
last three rounds, but neither had a punch
to do the work.
A head-on collision between runaway
locomotives could hardly make a greater
commotion than the ciash in the first
round of the bout between Charles Thurs
ton and Charles Fredericks. Thurston
tried to bring the trouble to an end at
once, but was unable to do so. Fredericks
was game, although badly cut about the
mouth and nose. The bout was stopped
temporarily In the fourth round because
of a claim of foul made by Fredericks.
Referee McGinley decided there had been
no foul and the men fought the eight
rounds, Thurston getting the decision.
Fully 2000 spectators were at the ring
side, crowding every Inch of floor space.
Nearly as many more were turned away,
the police refusing to allow any more
In the building. The crush was so great
that extra police were sent for to keep
the crowd In check.
May Reduce Peddlers' Licenses.
The Supervisors Committee on Chari
ties and Correction yesterday granted a
number of free peddlers' licenses to wor
thy applicants, who, however, were In
formed that In the future free licenses
would be allowed only to persons Inca
pacitated by physical ailment. The com
mittee is making an exhaustive Investiga
tion of the subject, with a view of a oos
sible reduction In the license fee.
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS.
Miss Alice Hoffman "Wins San Fran
cisco Golf Club's Council's Cup.
The final round of the first competition
for the Council's cup for ladles took place
yesterday on the links of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club. The competition was un
der similar conditions to those regulating
the contest for the Council's cup for men.
which was recently won by R. H. Gay
lord. A qualifying round over eighteen,
medal play, waa first held, and the eight
lowest scorers In this entered the opening
round of th© cup contest. The eight who
qualified were Miss Alice Colden Hoff
man. Mrs. H. C. Breeden, Miss Maud
Mullins. Miss Sarah Drum. Miss Caro
Crockett. Miss Mary Scott. Miss Edith
Mcßean and Miss Ella "Wllcox Morgan.
The winners In the first round were Miss
Mary Scott, Misa Maud Mullins, Mrs. H.
C. Breeden and Miss Alice C. Hoffman.
In the semi-final round Miss Maud Mul
lins beat Miss Mary Scott, and Miss Alice
C. Hoffman proved victorious over Mrs.
H C. Breeden. In the final round Miss
Maud MulUns was 3 up on the first nine
holes but on the second nine holes Miss
Alice Hoffman was 5 up, or 2 up on the
eighteen holes. Miss Hoffman's name will
accordingly be the first Inscribed on the
Council's cup and she also takes a small
silver replica of the large trophy. Th©
scores by strokes follow:
Mies Alice C. Hoffman-
Out » » 7 I I 7 7 « 7— O
In « 7 7 8 t 7 11 S 7— «0— 124
aSSSrr.i 5 T « » *
In 7 7 » « 7 7 7 7 »-«— IS!
As the tablo shows, Miss Maud Mullins'
Btroke-play ecore was lower than Miss
Hoffman's, but the competition was at
match play. The winner's score was
made higher than the loser's by the fact
of her taking eleven strokes for the six
teenth hole, which the loser did In seven.
The course was In good condition and the
greens fast.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN tSt
TILL FURTHER NOTICE.
The Theatrical Sensation of the City.
EULOGY ErPERFLtTOUS.
ASK THOSE WHO HAVE EEEN IT.
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES.
Gocfi reserved eeat In orchestra at Saturday
Slatlaee. 21 cent*.
Branch Ticket OfCce, Eaportuin.
EXTRA.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 1:11. rareweU Ap-
pearance of the Emireat Soprano,
HLLE. ANTOINETTE TREBELLL
la a r>e:'.rhtful VV y rctT*rz.rat± Including the
Famous LAUGHING BONO.
All the Geras of Her Recent Concert*.
POPULAR PRICES— Bo. EOc. Tsc, U.
Seals en eaie £t Sherman. Clay It Co.'s isnelc
rtore arid at the Grand Opera-house box office.
Rock Island Boy: F. A. HcComb's One Spot
v» J. Marten«t'« BUra; M. London'! Maz
neto v*. M. Dunlea/s Fenian Boy; J. (ySh^a's
Golden Gate vs. J. CShea's Toun< Flrenzl;
G. Abercromble'H iflsa Kabblt r». J. Farley's
Patriot; K. P. Whiting's St. Anthony vs. C.
S Appleby*s Sir Pasha; E. Baumelster's War
rior vs. M. J. Welsh names Hadlwlst: V. E.
Wiley* s May Girl vs. R. Prin*le's Honor
Bright; J. Keenan's Blacklock vs. M. Tl«rnan a
Mary Ann: R. E. <5e B. Looei & Son's Mlka
Davy vs. J. C. Smith's Sensation: J. Strafe s
Skylark vs. T. Butler's Susie; PMcKor.es
Rlgby vs Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island King;.
LONG TERM PRISONERS
TO BE TAKEN EAST
THBEE WTLL LEAVE TO-NIGHT
UNDER A GUARD.
They Will Be Sent to th« United
States Penitentiary at Fort
Leaven-worth, Eans.
The three long term prisoners who
came over from Manila on the transport
Meade will be sent East this evening in
charge of a guard from the Presidio. Tha
guard will consist of two non-commis
sioned officers and four privates, under
command of Second Lieutenant R. P.
Brov.-er of the Third Artillery. The men
forming the guard are Quartermaster
Sergeant William J. Buchanan and Cor
poral Charles Schoenthaler of Troop F,
Sixth Cavalry, and Privates George E.
Montgomery and P. J. Kelly of Battery
O. Third Artillery and L. G. Ashton and
R. Nixon of Troop G, Sixth Cavalry.
The prisoners are to be sent to tha
United States penitentiary at Foxt Leav
enworth. Ivans. They are under sentence
of twenty-five years' confinement, the
charges being robbery and assault. Tha
sentences passed on the three by the
court-martial before which they were
tried was death, but the President com
muted it to twenty-five years' imprison
ment, with the usual accompaniment of
dishonorable discharge and forfeiture of
all pay and allowances.
The prisoners at Alcatraz are too many
for the post. It cannot accommodate all
that are being sent here from Manila as
well as those coming from this depart
ment, and so the worst are to be sent
East In squads, to be distributed among
the various Government penitentiaries.
Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin F. Pope,
deputy surgeon general, L. S. A., has re
ported at headquarters. He Is on his way
to Manila as president of an examining
board, which will pass upon the qualifica
tions of a number of the acting assistant
surgeons now doing duty In the Philip
pines who wish to enter the regular ser
vice. Colonel Pope was chief surgeon on
the staff of General Shatter during tha
Cuban campaign. He came home from
Cuba on sick leave, and having been re
turned to duty he has been ordered to
the Philippines. Besides Colonel Pope, th*
board Is made up of Captain Frederick
P. Reynolds, assistant surgeon; Captain
William J. Wakeman. assistant surgeon,
and Captain Guy L. Edy. assistant sur
geon. Captain Edy is already In th© Isl
ands. Th© others will go down wltn Col
onel Pope.
ooo©-o-o-«-o-o-o-o
O VOI I m:> -V be the possessor of &
1 w^ a Stylish Jacket, Taiior ±
Suit, Cape or Fur Garment if you j
** investigate our system of easy q
q payments. .„
No extra charge P*X y O
O ?or the privilege At'lM
or credit W5% a
Q a i %k:
1 a week is thtJgJ&t t, \ ©
O requirement. ££** ; §s ij V „?« I
c Chicago fl^ij %JI ?
i Tailoring Co., TdjJ^W •
IfilfS Market j, ©
1010 street. \ /iT^lSSv^ <
Op*a Evenings- •
o-e— o-o-o-c-o-o © o o
Note— Two papers are set In this exami
nation—paper I and paper 11. Each con
sists of ten questions. Candidates are re
quired to answer at least six questions
from each paper. The second paper will
be published on Monday next.
Paper X.
1. Two Important papers on the meth
ods and purpose of ahakespeare study
have been published In connection with
this course. Taking these papers as a
basis for your answer, how would you
Sroceed to study "The Tragedy of
thello"? Enumerate the benefits you
would expect to derive from each study.
fc. What four groups of characters are
to be found in "Love's Labor's Lost?"
How are the groups inter- related?
3. Write a brief outline of the story of
the "Comedy of Errors." introducing quo
tations to illustrate the characters and
situations. What is gained by the intro
duction of a serious element at the outset
of the play and of a pathetic element in
the last act?
4. Tell briefly the story of "King Lear."
Dr. Cook calls this play "the universal
tragedy of human ingratitude; or. In th*
more limited sense, of filial Ingratitude."
Justify this statement.
5. Is it Lear's sin against Cordelia and
Kent (in the first scene) or his folly in
dividing the kingdom and putting power
in bad hands that creates the basis of
the tragedy? Write a note on the fool in
"Lear. How does he differ from other
fools of Shakespeare?
6. Write out six passages from "Lear"
and "Othello" which you consider the fin
est in these plays.
7. Do the moral issues Involved In "Kins
Lear" come as near to men's hearts as
those involved in the tragedy of
"Othello"? Do they affect as many peo
ple?
8. Give some account of the stage histo
ries of "Othello," "Lear" and "Richard
III."
9. Write a brief note on "Shakespear©
as a Tragic Poet" as presented by Dr.
Demmon.
10. Give brief comparative characteriza
tions of Cordelia and Desdemona. with
appropriate illustrations from the plays.
Green too
clever for
McDonald
Outgenerals the Local Boxer
in a Terrific Ring
Battle.
Jack McDonald, a boxer just out of the
amateur ranks, gave "Soldier" Phil Green
of Oakland the hardest kind of an argu
ment in their bout in the Columbia Ath
letic Club arena last night. McDonald
was game to the end. taking a lot of
punishment and showing wonderful apt
itude for boxing. He showed his lack of
knowledge of ring tactics and that, with
one fatal mistake he made, lost him the
honors of possibly a brilliant victory.
When the two combatants discussed
the rules to govern their meeting Mc-
Donald insisted In being allowed to hit
In the clinches. This was his mistake,
as ho intended to insist on hitting in the
breakaway, an entirely different method
of attack. He seemed a mere novice in
the hands of Green for several rounds,
aa th© latter hammered him about the
ribs whenever they clinched. This went
on until th© third round, when McDonald
learned the trick, but much damage had
been don© and some of his vitality must
have been sapped by the body punching
he bad received.
The third round was In the nature of a
rough-and-tumble fight with Referee Mo-
Ginley trying to separate the two big
men. McDonald landed one effectiveblow,
a heavy right on the head which took
some of the go out of Green for a time.
The second round was give and take, the
fighting being fast throughout. Green
tired In the third round, taking some
terrific punches on the head and body.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURTIS' DOGS
DIVIDED AT
UNION PARK
Representatives of San Jose
Kennels Ran One, Two
in Midweek Stake.
Curtis & Son's greyhounds Narcissus
and Flying Fox divided the midweek
stake at Union Coursing Park yesterday.
For a time it seemed that McKinley, from
the same kennels, would finish in third
place, but he was retired In th© next to
the last round by London's Magneto. This
dog ran In improved form during the af
ternoon. In the last round he met Narcis
sus and led him to the hare. The hare
then favored Narcissus long enough for
him to even the score and make it an
undecided course. In the run-off Magneto
seemed to have lost his great burst of
speed and was beaten.
There was the usual number of upsets
In the betting. Merciful beat Daisy Dale
at 1 to 2; Master Mat beat Blacklock 2 to
5: Lady Blanche beat Terrona 1 to 2;
ThorndaJe beat Ballroom Bella 3 to 5;
SHERMAN AND
LOGAN HAVE A
TEST OF SPEED
Left Nagasaki a Few
Hours Apart.
MORE SICK SOLDIERS ARRIVE
REMAINS OF MANY DEAD CAME
ON THE INDIANA,
The transports Sherman, Indiana and
Pathan arrived yesterday from Manila,
via Nagasaki. The Sherman and Pathan
were released from quarantine during the
afternoon and anchored off Folsom street.
The Indiana will be released to-day. On
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
NEW CLUB
CHAMPIONS
DEVELOPED
Exciting Wrestling Contests
on the Olympic Athletic
Club Mat
Slr.ew and science was displayed at the
wrestling tournament held last night at
the Olympic Club. At the end of two
I hours' exciting sport four new wrestling
I champions were crowned with victory.
and will be invested with the club
medal In their various classes. Instructor
Miehling deserves credit for developing
| tome clever exponents of the ancient
j pastime. The science and strength d!s
j played in the bouts was a revelation to
' the three hundred club members who sal
: around the wrestling mat.
Henry B. Russ, an old-time champion,
i acted as referee and gave satisfaction.
: The timekeepers were Kenneth Melrose
j and Leon Greenebaum. A. M. Stone ofll
! elated as announcer. The first bout was
! between two featherweights, James A.
! McKenzie and Will McLaren. McKenzle
j won the first fail In seven minutes and
the eecond in the s£.me length of time,
and was declared the club's featherweight
champion.
G. A. Hensley and C. D. Pentony, llght
| weights, were the next pair to take th©
mat. Hensley won the first and eecond
falls in 11 minutes and 3 minutes, respec
tively, which entitles him to the class
medal.
In the welter-weight class J. H. Pray
was defeated by J. H. Splro. The latter
gained his victory in two straight falls,
one in 2 minutes 30 seconds and th© other
in 11 minutes 30 seconds. Some exciting
work was displayed in this bout, both
men crawling out of tight places by light
ning moves. Pray showed remarkable
ability for the short time he has taken
up the sport. Spiro Is looked upon as the
I strongest member In the club. He ranks
a close second to Professor Miehling for
I strength.
The next event was a middle-weight
j contest. In which William Noethig, Will
j Franklin and F. B. Bayly participated.
j There being three entries In this class. It
j necessitated the wrestling of a bye.
Xoethig and Franklin were the first to
j try conclusions. Neither could obtain a
fail in twenty minutes' hard tussling, but
Xo«thig was awarded a decision for ag
gressiveness. Franklin is a novice at the
game, but has it In him to make a good
opponent. Bayly and Franklin next
! wrestled a bye. the victor to wrestle
j Noethig for the championship of the
class. Bayly secured a fall In two min
utes and was then pitted against Noethlg,
whom he defeated in two bouts in 2 mln
1 utes 45 seconds and 1 minute 35 seconds
I respectively.
Th© final event was a special match be
tween William McCullough and Fred Hab
ley. who Is a brother and counterpart of
Will Habley. a former champion wrestler.
The first fall was obtained by McCullouerh
in 2 minutes 15 seconds and the second fall
by th© same man In 1 minute 5 seconds.
4»ositiToly cored Dy these
.Little Pills.
also rVJeve Distress from. T^yrpepela,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
tea i-en»<iy tor Dizziness, X&usea, Ditnrsl.
r.ess, Hid Taste la the Mouth, Coated Tongue
gab Ea tho Side, TORPID LIVER. They
JLev^ite the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Srnail Pin. Small Dose.
£ma!l Price.
LJ H'^hly ccr,c#r,*fj*ed t cf»'lclwrt in ¥$$§& 3
ll * avor and mad* in a mlt-jt*. f**?£fZ R
VaA^BaaOl Ityfi/^ deaths
THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS
Presenting the New Light Opera.
THE SMUGGLERS
OF BADAYEZ.
By MTNKOTTEKY and RANKEN.
/ B-g. MONDAY, Feb. 11, THE BO6TON-
IAKS, Crst production en aiiy stage of
THE VICEROY.
Whamfaa-
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LONDON LIFE!
Next Sunday Afternoon— The Real JEFFRIES-
EHARKEY CONTEST PICTURES. These
Pictures will be exhibited Every Afternoon at
2:15; Evening* at 8:15. Contest will begin
promptly a* announced, owing to the fight
going the limit— twenty-flve rounds.
PRICES
Matinee (general admission). Ke and EOc
Evening* fre*erv«d), 15c, 25c. 25c. Mo and 75a
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
AN ASSURED SUCCESS.
_ , The Beautiful Comedy-drama,
W FR FNIM
Matines | H LIIUU I
Sat.
aOd Engagement of
C nn| |«Y Tne Distinguished Actress,
anouaj. MARy HAMPTON#
NEXT WEEK-
The New York Lyceum Theater Farcical Suo-
ceas,
"OH" SUSANNAH.
7New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. F^b. ".—The stock market to
day offered a striking demonstration of the
weakness engendered by a sudden and violent
advance in prices and the reckless speculative
ventures thereby invited. The professional bear
operator* found an easy prey in the swarm
of speculators who have been buying stocks
for a week past on rr.argln with borrowed
money. In the latter part of the day the
bears twonperj upon the market, offering prices
with apparent recklessness and playing havoc
with speculative accounts held on narrow mar
gins. The wiping out of these margins left
no alternative to the holders but to throw
over their stocks in order to avoli losses. The
bull leaders cf larger caliber had been either
realizing profits a' the higher level ar.d were
willing to see a reaction In prices to get Into
the market again or withholding 1 support from
the market with a view to shaking off the.
undesirable following of speculators with small
resources, who constituted a menace to the
further advance in prices, it was this class
that were the principal sufferers In to-day's
shaking out. people who control large capital
and who bought In the panics of December and
started the bull movement last week have
taken profits or. a very large scale. Their sell
ing was met by bo large a demand up to
to-day as to keep up the level of prices. There
was evidence during the morning of continued
larg* absorption &.t some points In the list,
notably In sugar, said to be covering for the
bear account, and Pennsylvania. Union Pacific
and Tobacco. Some ttocks cf minor Import
ance al»o continued to advance, but It soon
became manifest that the selling pressure was
greater than the new demand could absorb.
It was then that the bears made a fierce raid
on the vulnerable spots. They clipped 6%
point* from the price of Tobacco and In a
number of the metal •tc-k». Conspicuously
National Eteel and Steel Hoop ar.d In Sugar
and the local traction stock they drove down
price* from 2 to 4 points. In the railroad lift
Baltimore and Ohio reacted 3%. Rock Island
Dearly 3 points and Pennsylvania. New York
Central, £t. Paul. Burlington and Missouri
I'Rriflc fmm IV to 214- At the low level the
rurh of the bears to cover caused some vio
lent rallies. Metropolitan belnr pushed up 6%
fnlnts. In the Third Avenue. Sugar. Tobacco.
National Steel, Baltimore and Ohio and Rock
leland the recoveries ranged from 1% to over
S point*. There was a very heavy absorption
all day of Union Pacific at all levels, and In
the final rally was pushed up 5%. The clos
¦was rather feverish at a notable recovery from
lowest levels and at net mixed changes.
Tr-e market for bonds continued active, but
price changee were' lrregular. Total sales, par
vniue 5J.235.000.
United States old 4« (coupon) advanced >4
In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Cloelng
Sold. Bid.
7.000 Atchlson 21« i
18.925 Atchison prefd €3%
82 tso Baltimore & Ohio 42%
Canadian Pacific Wi
120 Canada Southern 49
«.*7O Chesapeake Sc. Ohio 2934
Sun rises 7:07
Sun sets 5:41
Moon sets 2:40 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column tha third tldo
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The neUhts
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast . Survey 1 charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number clen Is subtracted from
th* depth riven by th» charts. The plana of
rafcrenca la tha mean of tha lower low water*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THE 0. R, & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3I 3 O R, T 1.. AND
From So«ar-street Wharf at 13 a. m.
CADC £'2 First Class Including BertS
IAHt $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 7. 17. 17. Mar. ». »
STATE OF CALIFORNIA salls..^.^..^.^ 24
Short"lln« to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In tha Northwest.
Through tickets to all. Pjlnt-J^ A^ u
(30 Market st.
GOODALL, FEUKCW^CO^^
AMERICAN LINE.
SXW TOSS. SOUTHAMPTON. tOSDOS. PARIS,
g topping at Cherbourg, westbound.
sr«« Tork Feb. H New York March t
St!lou?s ¦.¦/.'.: -Feb. nUt Paul March H
RED STAR LINE.
New York ar>d Antwerp.
T-rom New York every Wednesday. 13 nnon.
NoorfSSd ::::.Feb. 11l WesternlM* ..March M
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St Mlcijaal. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight anal
passage apply to
IN-TFRVATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
St.. or any of its agencies.
toyjTkisen kaisha.
STEAMEKS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Erannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Vnbe (HIobo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
rnnnectlng at Hongkong with steamers for
India etc. No cargo received on beard on day
VIP S PON = MARU Friday. Fab. »
AMFRICA MARU Wednesday. March 7
CIONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 3X
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frelsht and passage apdy at company's office.
4n Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Ag»ot.
COMPAONI2 GENERALE TRANSATLAHTIQIIE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday Ihst-ad of <*fiT>>
Saturday, from November t. 1539. at
10 a m. from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton st : LA BRETAGNE. Feb. «: L'AQUI-
TAINE Feb. 15; LA GASCOGNE. Feb. M; LA
TOL'RAINE. March 1. First class to Havre
JBrt and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. II".: 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. J2
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZa & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, $
Montgomery ay.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YT^rYALLEJoT
Steamer "Monticello."
HON., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; S:IS. 8:30 p. ci. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. in. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE : uu.
1,600 Chlcaro Great Western 14H
19,157 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 125%
Chicago, Indianapolis & St. Louis.. 16
130 Chicago. Ind. & St. L. prefd 48
Chicago & East Illinois SS
210 Chicago & Northwestern 163
11.759 Chicago, Rock Island A Pacific.... lo3H
1,000 C. C. C. & St. LouU 62H
600 Colorado Southern 5H
£15 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43»,4
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 15
DO Delaware & Hudson 114
Del.. Lack. & Western 178
1.425 Denver & Rio Grande 2&H
1.530 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 72V;
210 Erie 12H
3.115 Erie Ist prefd 3&H
425 Great Northern prefd 160
300 Hooking Coal 17H
&S0 Hocking Valley S4VJ
1.600 Illinois Central IW4
110 lowa Central 12
100 lowa Central prefd 54
100 Kansas City. Pittsburg & Gulf 8H
Lake Erie & Western 20%
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 84
7.775 Louisville & Nashville SIH
14,07} Manhattan L $Wl
20.i00 Manhattan Street Railway 179
1.225 Mexican Central l2Vi
1.2i/> Minneapolis & St. Louis 64
Minneapolis and St. L. prefd 93
I 1L530 Missouri Pacific 47
435 Mobile & Ohio 624
Missouri, Kan. & Texas 10%
LOOO Missouri, Kan. & Texas prefd 34
luO New Jersey Central 117*4
4.950 New York Central 135' i
T1.325 Norfolk & Western 25%
8.450 Norfolk & Western prefd 74
S.SOO Northern Pacific 55« i
2.410 Northern Pacific rrefd (ex-div).... 75H
14.050 Ontario & Western 24? i
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway and Nay. prefd... 76
32.870 Pennsylvania 133 Vi
610 Reading lS*i
9,010 Reading Ist prefd E6H
2.100 Reading 2nd prefd 2S»i
300 Rio Grande Western 43
100 Rio Grande Western prefd So
875 St. Louis & San Francisco 1074
St. Louis & San F. Ist rrefd C$H
300 St. Louis and San F. 2nd prefd.... 564
1.200 St. Louis &. Southwestern llvs
2.00J St. Louis & Southwestern prefd 2SV4
21.450 St. Paul 124V4
260 St. Paul prefd 171%
St. Paul & Omaha 117
15.60S Southern Pacific 39H
4,860 Southern Railway 12*4
$.000 Southern Railway rrefd 67H
6.000 Texas & Pacific 16»i
149,510 Union Pacific 60H
10,260 Union Pacific prefd 77H
2"0 Wabash 7^i
350 Wabash prefd 2Hi
7.252 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11*4
2.2--O Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 2SH
3,5<10 Wisconsin Central 19%
Express Companies—
Adams 115
130 American 147H
United States 47^4
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous..
850 American Cotton Oil 34%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd S3
700 American Malting 6^4
SCO American Malting prefd 27
4,120 American Smelting & Refining 42
1.7 M American Smelting- & Refining pfd. 91' i
100 American Spirits 4
100 American Spirits prefd 17
450 American Steel Hoop 4S t 4
1.470 American Steel Hoop prefd 84%
14.520 American Steel & Wire 57%
1,400 American Steel & Wire prefd S4<-i
1.455 American Tin Plate 35^4
American Tin Plate prefd S3
40,620 American Tobacco I ft '>^
American Tobacco prefd 13*
2.055 Anaconda Mining Co 4j4
35.550 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 74%
8.010 Colorado Fuel & Iron 46« i
4.263 Continental Tobacco 34V4,
533 Continental Tobacco prefd MU
14,€54 Federal Steel £6*4
C3O Federal Steel prefd 76
250 General Electric 127
L4S3 Glucose Sugar 67H
Glucose Sugar prefd 100V4
400 International Paper 24V4
300 International Paper prefd C 9
400 Laclede Gas 70
J€o National Biscuit 3514
210 National Biscuit prefd 93%
3.468 National Lead 27%-
National Lead prefd 104%
2L840 National Steel 43%
190 National Steel prefd S6
375 New York Air Brake 134
200 North American 14V4
Pacific Coast 61V4
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 6414
2.410 Pacific Mail 42^4
10.275 People's Gas 108&4
300 Pressed Steel Car 56
Pressed Steel Car prefd 87
310 Pullman Palace Car 188
225 Standard Rope & Twine 8%
88.730 Sugar 112
125 Sugar prefd 112
10.300 Tennessee Coal 4: Iron 99Vi
19.510 United States Leather 17
2.430 United States leather prefd 76H
United States Rubber 35,4
100 United States Rubber prefd IC2
20.WS Western Union fc«*4
9.460 Republic 25%
784 Republic prefd 68%
C C C i St Louis 68
841.500 Total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 102% N V Cent Ists 109%
U S 3s reg 10S\ N J Cent gen 55. ..124
U S 3s coup 109% N Carolina 6s 127
U S new 4.i reg 134 N Carolina 4s 106 "
U S new 4s c0up. .134 N Pacific 3s C 7
U S old 4s reg 115 N Pacific 4s 104%
U S old 4s c0up. ..113 N V C & S L 45. .107%
j U S Es reg 112% IN & W con 45.... 94%
! U S 5s coup 112% IN & W ren 6s 131
I D!s of Col 3.6T.5....11S [Or Nay Ists 110
I Atchison gen 45... .101 'Or Nay 4s 101
i Atchlson adj 45.... 83 Or Short Line 65...127%
i Canada So 2ds 110 Or S Line con 55. .113
Ones & Ohio 4Vis... 98 Reading Gen 4s 85>4
Ches & Ohio 55....115%R G W Ists 96%
C & NW con 75... .140% 6 L Sc I M con 65.111%
: C & NWSFdeb 5s 119 IS I. & S F ten 65.123
I Chicago Term 45.. 93 St Paul cons 1674
jD& R G Ists 102% Ist PC & P 15t5.. .120%
D & R G 4s 90,4 St P C & P 5s 119%
I n T Va & Ga Ists. lOC So Railway 5s 108%
' Krle Gen 4s 71 Stand R & T 65... 80
!FW & D C Ists... 71 Term new set 35... 95
I Gen El^trlc 55. ..117 Tex & Pae 15t5. ..113%
(J II & S A 6s 109 Tex & Pac 2d5.... 54
G H & P A 2d5...10f. Union Pacific 45. ..104%
! H & T C 5s 110% Wabash Ists 118
IH4TC con 6s 110 tt'abash 2ds J>4%
! lowa Cent Ists 115% West Shore 4s 113%
I X C P & G lsts... 73% Wls Cent Ists 91%
i La new cons 4s 106% !Va Centuries 85%
j L & N Unl 4s 99U Va deferred 6
M X & T 2d»...... «6% Colo & So 4s 84%
MX& T 4s 91 So Pacific 4s 83%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20!Ontarlo 08
Crown Point C 9 Plymouth 08
Con Cal & Va 1 33|Qulcksilver 1 73
Oadwood 4. Quicksilver prefd... 7 60
Gould & Curry 17 Sierra Nevada 82
Hale & Norcross.. 17 Standard 275
Homestake 6OoolUnlon Con 25
Iron Silver 57|Yellow Jacket 18
Mexican 25 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |West Electric 44
Call loans 3%@s|West Elec prefd.... Cl
Time' loans 4 #S|VVIs Central 19%
Stocks— I Dominion Coal 43
'ATSt S F 21%1D0m Coal prefd 116
I A T & S F prefd.. 63% | Bonds—
| American 5ugar.. ..1 12% j Atchison 4s_ 99
Am Sugar prefd — 113 Mining Shares —
i Bell Telephone 844 Adventure 5
Boston 4 Albany. .244 Allouez Mining Co 3
j Boston & Maine.. US | Atlantic 24
I C B & Q IMHtßoston & Mont.. ..282
Fltchburg. prefd... 124%. Hutte & Boston... 65
General Electric. ..l 26% jCalumet & Hecla..7.'O
Oen Electric prefd. 137 Centennial 20VJ
Federal Steel 56' i Franklin IW.
Fed Steel prefd.... 76% Osceola 76
Mexican Central... 12 Parrot 451,1
Mich Telephone.. ..loo Quincy 142
Old Colony 204 Santa Fe Copper.'.".'. 6%
OM Dominion 21 Tamarack 190
Union Pacific 60% tVlnona 32
Union L*nd 2% Wolverines 42Vi
JV>st End 92% Utah 2iu
West End prefd. ...lU *.
New York Money Market.
ICEW YORK. F«b. 7.— Money on null. »tetujv
OCEAN TRAVEL.
frifP PIWiJS* Tno **¦ s - -Alameda
J8i%1?5 3JL sal's via Honolulu ar.d
;•&**¦¦•* Auckland for Sydney
S -—^ Wednesday. Fab. H.
CXm-S^ L* at In. m.
Th * 8 - B - Australia
CflWlllDIIIU" gaji, for Honolulu
(OffißflßJf- Wednesday. March T.
\yuiyvitq 190Ot at Jp. m.
Favorite line around tha world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez. ,
England, etc ; $510 first class.
i. 0. or* it K ELS & BKOS. CO.. AgtL. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight OSce.327 Market SI
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88V4
Sterling Cables — 4 S9V4
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17*4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59H
Mexican Dollars 4S 4SV*
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Noeml takes for Hull 67,126
els, valued at $67,100; Australian, for Cork,
76,363 ctls. at $77,325.
Liverpool was lower and Paris higher.
Chicago was firmer on better foreign advices
and another cold wave over the winter wheat
belt, the thermometer standing at 30 degrees
below In the Northwest. Notwithstanding con
siderable realizing at 6Sc the market was firm,
with an upward tendency and increasing spec
ulation. Exporters reported a greatly Im
proved demand abroad. The weather In France
continued unfavorable.
The local market for futures was higher.
Spot prices unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 9S*igsl; milling,
$1 OlViSl 02V».
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May, 20,000
ctls. $1 02: 14.000, $1 02V4; December— 2ooo, $1 06%;
6000, $1 06%.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ; ctls, $1 07;
4000. $1 06%; May— l6,ooo, $1 02V4.
Regular Morning Session— May — 4000' ctla,
$1 02%: 6000, $1 02V4: December— lo.ooo. $107>4.'
Afternoon Session — December— Booo ctls,
$1 07%; 14,000, $107%; May-2000. $102%; 42.000,
$1 03.
BARLEY— The market continues sluggish and
unchanged.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 65®72V4c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@S7V4c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Trade Is dead and quotations are nom
inal.
White. $1 1001 30;; Red. $1 07V4@1 20; Gray.
$1 07Hffl 17V4; Black. 97V451 07U.
CORN— The market- continues excessively dull
at weak prices. Eastern White Is quoted at
95c®$l per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $I®sl 05;
mixed. S7«4c@sl.
RYE— sl@l 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40(^3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 75@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60; Oat
Groats, $4 60: Hominy, $3 2503 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $484 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50- Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $6@7 25; In sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl Bar
ley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100
lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Another decline of 500 In Bran Is announced.
There Is no change In Hay, but the market Is
very soft.
BRAN— $l3@l4 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2C®27; Jobbing,
$27 50r&28; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$23#23 60: Cracked Corn. $23 60©24; Mixed Feed,
$15 50: Cottonseed Meal, $25 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $6 50#8 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 50®S 50;
Oat. $6@B; Barley. $5®7- Alfalfa, $6@7 60 per
ton.
STRAW— 25@40c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are still quiet, but firmly held.
BEANS— Bayos. $3 25@3 35: small White, $3 20
@3 35; large White, $2 90^3 10; Pinks, $2 sO@
2 85; Reds. $3 50@3 75; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 15@5 25; Pea, $3 20©3 40; Red
Kidneys. $3 60@4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 3@3V4c; Yellow Mus
tard. 4@4%e; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary. 3%c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa.
7@Bc; Rape. 2V4@3c; Hemp, 4®4Vic; Timothy,
4@4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 50(31 90; Green, $1 75
©2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions show little change. Rhu
barb and Asparagus will soon be the leading
vegetables, as both are coming In every day.
Other vegetables are steady and In ample sup
ply
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 90c@$l: River Reds.
75@85c; Burbanks, 50@750 per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 75c®$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, $1 Bo@2
for Merced; New Potatoes, 3c.
ONIONS— SI f.0«?2 10 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 7®Bc per lb; As
paragus, 20#30c for .Sacramento and Santa
Clara and 40c per lb for Alameda: Green
Peas, 3®4>4c per lb; String Beans, 10@
12',4c; Cabbage. 40®50c: Los Angeles Tomatoes.
$I@l 5.0; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 10@l2»4c;
Dried Ok ra. 124 c per lb: Garlic. 6©7 c: Green
Peppers from Ix>s Angeles. 3fjsc; Dried . Pep
pers, 8®10c; Carrots. 30tf?40c per sack; Los An
geles Summer Squash, $I@l 60 per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Dressed Turkeys are quoted higher, but the
market Is well supplied and dull. Other Poul
try Is unchanged. Game continues slow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2V4c for Gob
blers and ll©l2V4c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
13@16c: Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, $1 75
@2; Ducks, $4@5 for old and »4@5 for young;
Hens. $3 50@5; Young Roosters. $4 50@5; Old
Roosters, $4©4 50: Fryers, $4 i>o; Broilers, $4@
4 50 for large and $2 60@3 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 25<gl 50 per dozen for old and $2 50@3 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25; Mallard. $3@4: Canvas
back, $233 50; Sprig. $2®2 50; Teal. $1 60<f 1 75;
Widgeon $1 50; Smail Duck, $1 25; Doves, 75c
per dozen: Hare. $101 25: Rabbits. $1 60: Gray
Geese, »3@3 50; White, $1 50; Brant. $1 75®2 50;
Honkers, $4; English Snipe, $2 60-tf 3 per dozen-
Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
»"»•••• <« ma <nrtbu JvJlu la JCnrs u4
Shipping Intelligence.
Silver lower again. Exchange undisturbed.
Wheat futures advanced. Barley dull and easy.
All ether cereals inactive and unchanged.
Bran declines again. Hay soft and plentiful.
Beans firmly held, but quiet.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. Vegetables plentiful.
Poultry and Game quiet and not materially changed.
Eggs and Cheese weak and quiet. Butter lower again.
Oranges sold off well at the auction.
Previsions firm, but no higher.
Hogs in light supply and firm.
Hides quiet and weak at the decline.
Fair trading in securities.
at 2®2V4 per cent; last loan, 2V4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4ffs per cent. Sterling ex
change, easier, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $487>;@4 87V4 for demand and at $4 MVi
©4 84V4 for GO days. Posted rates, $4 85 and
$4 88V4. Commercial bills, $4 83V4. Silver certifi
cates. 59V4@60>,4c. Bar silver. 59% c. Mexican
dollars, 47Vic Government bonds, strong;
State, firmer; railroad. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $293,243,259; gold reserve,
$216,458,623.
London Markets.
NEW YORK, Feb. 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were confident all day on
the war developments. Business Increased and
contangoes were very light. Bankers asked 3V6
Si4'-i per cent. Americans were firm and brisk
throughout the session, St. Paul leading, al
though Berlin ceased buying. The contango on
Americana opened at 3V454 and closed at 24@
8H per cent. In St. Paul the rate was 2H@3H
per cent, closing 2@3. Paris was Inclined to
sell Kaffirs. Money was more usable. ', No gold
was engaged and the bank lowered Its paying
price for German and French coin V»d. Paris
cheque, 25s 19d; Berlin. 20s 61 d.
The trade returns for January show Imports
Increased 8.1. although American wheat and
cotton values were reduced from 60 to 60 per
cent. Exports Increased 15.9. Textiles to the
United States were well up.
CLOSING
LONDON, Feb. 7.— Canadian Pacific, 89;
Union Pacific preferred, 79; Northern Pacific
preferred, 78; Atchlson. 22V4: Grand Trunk, 7%;
Anaconda, 9%. Bar silver, quiet, 27 6-16 d..
Charters.
The Fort Georre loads merchandise for Hono
lulu. .
Our Immense Foreign Trade.
According to the figures of the Bureau of
Statistics the total foreign commerce of the
United States in the year Just ended has for
the first time crots»d the two billion dollar
line and the total exports of manufactures of
iron and eteel have lor the first time crossed
the one hundred million dollar line. In the
calendar year ISM the total exports of Iron
and steel amounted to J27.000.000. and In lb?3
they were $10£.tS&.G4a. Meantime the importa
tions of manufacture* of iron and steel have
decreased with nearly equal rapidity, the Im
portations of ISSO twir.g $44.£44.1«0. and those
cf IS3B JIS.TS&.IuC. Fcr the calendar year ISS9
the production of pig iron was 13,CJ0,7CS tons.
Wezv York Monex Market
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The easier condition of the money market
if likely to be a strong stimulus to buying of
docks. The foreign markets are all In a much
easier condition than expected; and. while it
Is quite within the range of probabilities that
we export gold before long such a contingency
causes no uneasiness among local bankers.
The African war has ceased to be an Im
portant factor; apparently It has been fully
discounted: even the reverse at Spion Kop had
little effect in London, and absolutely none In
\ eff York. Our ¦financial Independence of Eu
rope it Is plain to all. was never bo real as
now and we can regard ordinary disturbances
over there with more equanimity than form
• The : anxiety about gold shipments is now
entirely removed cwing to the plethoric con
dition of the money market. If the Bank of
Krsgland should want our gold now ani will
pay high enough for It we can very readily
j>art with $20.01)0,000 or more without any dis
comfort. This is the reason why our stock
market refused to retreat on the news early in
the week of General Bullers disastrous re
treat. This incident was a strong test of the
situation and was evidence that our market
had cut adrift frcm the South African war
influences. No matter what happens now in
South Africa the conditions on this side war
rant an advance in the price of stocks, and
they are now most decidedly headed that way.
The money market warrants it; the earnings
of the railroads warrant it: the general pros
perity cf the country warrants it. and the out
look for the future warrants it. and there is
no legitimate reason that can now be adduced
against it." __^^_—
Weather Report.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 7, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hour*, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 84.86 18.45
Red Bluff 0.00 U. 09 18.13
Sacramento 0-00 13.71 7.E5
San Francisco 0.00 14. £7 *.<•
Fresno 0.00 6.14 3.86
InJependence 0.00 2.08 1.15
San Luis Obispo 0.00 12.41 ..la
Lot Angeles 0.00 4.C7 2.5-6
San Diego 0.00 2.64 3. .3
Yurr.a .», 0.00 0.76 1.24
San Frencisco data— Maximum temperature,
E6; minimum. 45: mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy over the Pa
cific elope except in Southern California and
Arizona. Lfcht snow flurries have occurred
over the Rocky Mountain and plateau regions.
and light rain in Arizona.
The j-ressuro has risen rapidly over the west
ern portion of the country. It is still generally
t>e!ow the normal except In the upper Missouri
Valley.
The temperature has fallen except along the
southwestern California coast, in the upper
Sacramento Valley and in Western Oregon,
¦where It fcaf risen slightly. The fall has been
decided in Southern Utah. Northern Arizona
and to the northeast. Temperatures below zero
are reported from Northern Montana and North
Dakota.
Conditions are favorable for colder weather
In California, with frosts to-night, severe in
exrof^d places.
Forecast m&£e at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight February 8, 1S00:
Northern California— GeneraJly cloudy Thurs
day: colder: light northerly wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Thursday;
colder: light northerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy; colder Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy, with snow flurries Thursday;
col<ler.
Arizona— Partly cloudy In north portion; fair
in pouth portion Thursday: colder.
fitn Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Tfcursdr.y: I'rht northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
SRy of Cal 6s. — 109 Vlgorlt 2V4 —
S P of A 63 liomil Susrar Stocks—
SP C 65(1905).109% — Hana P C 0.... 7tt 7%
3 P C 65(1906).112 113 Haw C&S Co — 87
3P C 65(1912). — — Honokaa S Co. 23V4 23%
3P C Ist cgss. — — Hutch S P Co. 25Vi —
SPBr 6» Ui\ — Kllauea S Co.. — —
S V Wat 6*.... 115% — Makaweli SCo 43Vi —
S V Wat 4i....102%103!j Onomea S Co. 28 —
SV W 45(30tn)102V4 — Paauhau S Co. 26tf —
Stktn Gas €«..102 10S Miscellaneous—
Wafr Stocks— Al Pack Assn.l2o 120V4
Contra Costa.. 73% "4 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 93% —
Spring Valley. 93V4 94 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric — I Pac C Bor C 0.144 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — ;Par Paint Co.. 9V4 —
Cent L & P... 4 — b
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Association 120 50
60 Contra Costa Water 73 50
50 Contra Costa Water 73 75
$GOOO Edison L & P Bonds 129 50
20 Makaweli 43 75
75 Makaweli 43 50
100 Onomea Sugar 2b 2o
50- Pacific Gas Imp 49 .o
65 Pacific Gas Imp 49 B. H
10 S F Gas & Electric Co ofl 62Vt
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 5100
130 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 51 00
ICO S F Gas & Electric Co 5125
Board—
$3COO Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.. lOo 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Contra. Costa Water 73 50
30 Contra Costa Water 73.3
20 Contra Costa Water .3 SiVi
150 Contra Costa Water, b 3 74 00
100 Contra Costa Water, s 90 73 87^
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 37Vi
ICO Market-st Ry t «1 00
$1000 N P C R R 6 per cent bonds 103 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 2« 25
150 Paauhau S P Co 26 12V4
10 SF Gas & Electric Co 6100
£5 3 F Gas & Electric Co 51 12^4
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 51 00
2 S F Gas & Electric Co 52 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water 72 00
10 Contra Costa Water- 71 S"H
10 Giant Powder 94 00
10 Hutchlnson Sugar Co 25 50
100 Honokaa Sugar Co, ¦ 90 23 25
10 Oceanic S 6 Co 94 00
15 S F Gas & Electric 50 50
10 S F Gas & Electric 50 37H
Afternoon Session.
Street—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 120 124
20 Contra Costa Water 74 00
100 Equitable Gas 4 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial 86 00
20 S F Gas & Electric 5150
15 S V Water 93 75
100 Onomea Sugar Co. s 90 23 00
100 Vlgorlt Powder 2 87*4
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Home Oil. • 90 J 80
Afternoon Session.
Board
lOC Burlington 1 00
50 Home Oil 3 it
100 Home Oil, » 60 3 80
100 National 7 25
60 National 1 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnc Session.
Board—
150 Barker Ranch 1 15
400 Anaconda 50
Afternoon Session.
400 Anaconda SO
r .-¦.-.;
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
400 Best & Belcher. 35 300 Mexican 30
300 Bullion O.J 500 Ophlr 69
300 Caledonia 35 500 Overman 04
100 Chollar 19 500 Potosl 25
100 Gould Si Curry. 20 SCO Seg Belcher 03
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 06 100 Occidental 13
300 Best & Belcher. 35 100 Occidental 12
200 Caledonia 35 ICO Occidental 11
ICO C C & Va 140 250 Ophir 68
100 Gould & Curry. 21 150 Sierra Nevada. 38
100 Hale & Norcrs. 31 100 Sierra Nevada. 37
400 Justice 06 100 Union Con 23
1500 Kentuck 01 200 Utah , 03
400 Mexican 29 100 Yellow Jacket. IS
Following were the tales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Mornlns: Session.
500 Caledonia 35 200 Mexican 19
100 Challenge Con. 20 200 Ophir 67
100 C C & Va. 140 800 Seg Belcher .... 02
100 Gould & Curry. 21 200 Sierra Nevada. IS
600 Gould & Curry. 20 300 Sierra Nevada. 37
200 Justice 06 500 Yellow Jacket. 17
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 21| 200 Potosl 24
400 Best & Belcher. 35 1000 Potosi 25
600 Bullion 04 100 Savage 12
200 C C & Va....l 42V4 300 Sierra Nevada. 87
150 Justice 051
COMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
Che«se, but both are weak. Butter Is off again,
and weak at the decline, with more sellers
than buyers.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26@270; seconds,
24®25c.
Dairy— Fancy. 24c; good to choice, 22V4@23V4e;
common, 15g?20c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10V4®llc; old, 10c;
Young America. U^UVic; Eastern. 15V4@16c;
Western. 13V4@15c per lb.
•EGGS— Quoted at 15@16c for store and 17@
l?c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage,
13@16c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
At the ' Orange auction a car of Navels sold
as fellows: Fancy. 126s to 2SSs. $1 65@2 25;
choice, $1 45@2; standards, $1 15@1 60. Choice
Lemons sold at $1 15.
There was nothing new In the other fruits.
DECinrous FRUITS
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries. W-S7 per
bbl.
APPLES— 3O@GOc per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice, and $1 2o@l £0 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50©2 25
per box: Seedlings. 50@$l 15: Japanese Man
darins, $I@l 25: Pomelos. $I@2 50; Lemons, $1@
1 50 for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. $s<f!s 50; California Limes. 25®
35c; Bananas. $1 75@3 per bunch; Pineapples.
$3 So@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, 4V4c for
40-60's, 4g l 4Uc for 50-60's, 3V£c for 60-70's. 3^c
for 70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90-100's;
Aprlcots, ll@l3c for Royals. 12>,4©16c for Moor
parks and 12® 14c for Blenheims; Peaches. 6V4®
Cc for Standards. CV4@6»ic for choice and 7S?Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10@12V4c: Evapo
rated Apples. 6@7c; Sun-dried. 6®sV4c per lb;
Nectarines, B#9c; Penrs, 3V4<B*V4c for dark and
7@Be for bright halves; Black Figs, 2@2Vjc:
White Figs. 2®3c: Bleached Plums. B@9c: Un
bleached Plums, 7@7V4c for pitted and IV4 tor
unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. BV4c: choice. 7>£c: standard. «i*c:
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanaa, sc; Seedless.
CO-lb boxes, 6c: 2-crown, loose Muscatels, sVic;
8-crown. 6V*c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 60 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B(ft9c: Walnuts, B@9c for
standards and 9@loc for soft shell; Almonds.
HH@l2e for paper shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@
6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 6\tf«%o for Eastern
and 6c for California: Brazil Nuts. 7V4S"Bc; Fil
berts, 12@12V4c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 60
@5.
HONEY— Comb. llV4@l2c for bright and 10V4<3>
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted, 7Vi'B»"ttc; dark, 6V40
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues firm, but the expected
advance hangs fire.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra light and 13H for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13J?13V4c; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $14 50:
extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6>i!??7e per'lb for
compound and 8c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
SV 4 c: 10-lb tins. B%e; 6-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%®SV4c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9V&c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
W. B. Sumner*s circular says of Hiden:
"Wet salted Hides are quiet at lower prices.
Tanners have small supplies ahead and stocks
are accumulating on the hands of the dealers.
We do not look for any further decline, but
anticipate dull trading for the next few weeks.
Pry Hides and Kip, In sympathy with salted
stock, have declined, but continue in good de
mand and sell readily at prices quoted. Dry
Calf Skins are active, with no change in
prices. There Is a fair demand and a steady
market for Horse Hidea. Large quantities of
Deer Skins come to the market from the Nortn
and Northwest and Mexico. The demand is
active, with prospects for a well sustained
market."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
10V4(jfllHc; medium. 9V4©loVfcc; light, 9V4c:
Cowhides, 9V-(SIOV4c: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9V40
lOHc; Calf, 9V4@W>V4c: Dry Hides, sound, ISc:
culls and brands, 15®16c; Dry Kld and Veal,
17c; Dry Calf. 19@20c: Sheenskins, yearlings, 10
©30c each; short Wool. 35@60c each; medium,
70@90c; long Wool. $101 25 each; Horse Hides.
$2 75@3 for large and 75c©$l 25 for small; Colts,
50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2.
4c: refined, 6V4c; grease, 2V4@3c;
WOOL-
Fall clip, San Joaquin plains. 9®loc; South
ern. S@loc; Middle County, ll@13c; Humboldt,
and Mendoclno, 17©20 c; Eastern Oregon. ISSISc;
Valley Oregon. 18@20c: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10®
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7@llc Der lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs continue firm at the revised prices, with
light receipts.
BEEF— 6V4@7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-B@loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 838V4c; ewes, Sc per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 15c; yearlings, 9®loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%c for small, 5%c for me
dium and 5V4@5V4c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, sU©uHc; dressed Hogs, 7gSHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7@7Uc; Wool Bags, 2S@3oc
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$7: Bryant, $7: Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $S;
Co-operative Wallsend, $3; Scotch, ; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 50 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-tt> bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c: Candy Granulated, 6«r«c; Dry Gran
ulated, l%c; Confectioners' A. 5V4c; Magnolia
A. 4%c; Extra C. 4Hc; Golden C, 4V4c; barrels.
l-16c more; half -barrels, Vie more; boxes. Via
more; EO-Ib bags, V»c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes, 6'io per Ib.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7.
Flour, qr sks ... 29.66S Middlings, sks .. 275
Wheat, ctls 1.030 Pelts, bdls 109
Barley, ctls 1.660 Hides, no 627
Rye, ctls 600 Lime, bbls 182
Butter, ctls 197 Sugar, bbls 755
Cheese, ctls 237 Eggs, doz 9,870
Beans, sks OXMLeather. rolls .... 95
Potatoes, sks ... 3,400 Wine, gals 72,700
Shorts, sks 45 Raisins, bxs 26
Onions, sks 42 Hay. tons 251
Bran, ska 1.030 'W001, bags .". 6
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska ... 1,7201
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, February 7.
Stmr Greenwood. Faserlund. 16 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Indiana. Morle. 32 days frcm Manila.
via Nagasaki 23 days.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Jessen. 50 hours from
Coos Bay.
XJ S stmr Sherman. Grant. 2S da^s from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 17 days.
Br stmr Pathan. But'.er. 31 days frcm Ma
nila. 23 days from Nagasaki.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, SS hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Bark P B Cheney, Johnson. « days from Se
attle.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel. 12 hours from
Flshermans Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 7 fiay» from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. February 7.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. Saa Pedro; GoodalL
Perkins & Co
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms. Guaymas; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia. Lawless, Honolulu; J D
Spreckelsi & Bros Co.
Stmr Elihu Thomson, Whitney, Oyster Har
bor; James Taylor.
SAILED.
Wednesday. February 7.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms, Guaymas.
Stmr Australia. Lawless, Honolulu.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Portland, eto.
Stmr WestDort. Ericsson. .
Stmr Prosrreso. Zolling. Tacoma.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. Tacozr.a.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Brldgett. Ventura.
Ptmr Ruth. Lundqulat, Eureka.
Br ship Australian, Jclllff. Queenstowa.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowens LanWh*
Pchr Corinthian. Korth. Bowens Landing.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Johannsen. .
Schr Barbara Hernster, Llnberg. Fort Bragg.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 7. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW. velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN
Jan — . lat 33 S8 N. lon 127 36 W— Br ship La
morna, from Tacoma, for Antwerp.
Jan 10. lat 41 S. lon 59 W— Br ship Mount
stauart. from London, for Port Townsend.
Jan 4. lat 20 S, lon 43 W — Br ship Primroe*
Hill, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Th« captain of the schr Lizzie Vance at San
Pedro from Seattle reports that on Jan 17. lat
44 31 N. len 125 S6 W. oassed through about
CO M feet of lumber of all sizes.
Continued on Page Eleven.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July
Opening : 5 9% 6 94 5 9%
Closing 6 10V4 6 9T4 5 S%
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 19 75 20 80
Closing 19 90 2105
Flour-
Opening .....*. 25 65 27 00'
Closing 25 90 , 27 25
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 7.— CATTLE— Generally lflo
to 15c lower than Monday, Including butchers'
stock and canners: Texans, about steady; re
c«!oul 700: choice feeders, stead"* -*»»«•» oui»n
Trading was light again on the morning nes
slon of the Bond Exchange, but the feeling
was strong. Pacific Gas advanced to $49 S7V4,
Gas & Electric to $51 25 and Contra Costa
Water to $73 75.
In the afternoon the sugar stocks were weak
and Contra Costa Water advanced to $74.
There were no other changes. Sales were. very
fair. .
The California Powder Company will pay
the usual dividend of 50 cents per share- this
month.
The Onomea Sugar Company paid a dividend
of 35 cents per share . on the sth.
The Boston and Montana Copper Mining Com
pany will pay a dividend of $5 per share and
an extra of $3 per share on the 25th.
The Empire State-Idaho Mining and Develop
ing Company has declared a monthly dividend
of 3 per cent, payable February 13.
The trustees of the Montana Ore Purchasing
Company have declared the regular quarterly
dividend of $1 per share ($30,000), payable Feb
ruary 15.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Feb. 7—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. BUI. Ask.
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3T4 4U
«s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 12 13^
Is quar reg — 114Va O G L & H... 434 47VS
Is quar ne w... 133^4 — I'ac Gas Imp.. 49tj 50
5s quar coup.. — — Pac Light Co. 43*4 45H
Miscellaneous— SF G & E.... 51 51H
Cal-st Cab 65..117 — San Francisco. *hi 6
C C Wat 55. ..106^107 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65. .129 — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65. .115 — Firem's Fund. 2s2 228
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
II C& S 6H5..105 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. fA —
HC A S 65....10fiVi — Bank of Cal. -.401 —
LA Ry 55..... 105 Vi 106 Cal SD & T.. 9S 99H
L A L Co 55...— — First Na'tn1.'...250 305
Do gntd 65.. — — Lo n p & A. ...133 135 ft
Do gntd 55..— 103 Merchants' Ex — 18
LA& P R 65.102 — xx e v Nat 8k... — —
Market-st 65...127 — Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 6«.; — llStf 3er S & L...1750 —
NCN G R 78.105 — Hum S & L. — —
NR of Cal 6s.imi — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
N Rof Cal 55.113J5i — ? F fiav 11.. 500 —
NPC R R 65.102 — Say & L So. 74 78
NPC R R 65.106 — Sec Say Bk. — —
N C R R 55. ..109 — Union T Co. — —
O G L & H 6s. 10!) — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65. ..110 — California 117 119
Oak WCo 65.. — 105H Oeary-st .60 —
Oceanic BS C0.104>4105 Market-st Ry.. 60%-.—
Om C Ry 65.. — 128% :> SL & H.... — BO
P & Cl Ry 65. .104 10414 Presidio 12*4 20
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.119H — California l<o 175
Sac El G&rtoß. 85 — E Dynamite... S» —
SF & SJV ss..U6ii — Giant Con Co. 4 Sli 94 I
TO SAIL.
EASTERN MARKETS.
TO ARRIVE.
Chicago Grain Market.
Steamer Movements.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m-,
Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20, 23. Mar. 2.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For ' Victoria, Vancotrr-r.
<B. C). Port Townsend.
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes and New WhaS
com (Wash.). 10 a. m., Feb.
5. »0 15. 20. 25. Mar. t. and every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company •
steamers /or Alaska and G. N. Rjr.: at Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). I p. «?-.»>«>•
». 8. 13. 18. 23. ». Mar. 8. and «Tery fIXtH day
1 ForVanta Crux. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Hariord (San Luis Oblspo). Oajlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme San Pedrou
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Nawport. f
a. m.. Feb. 4. 8. 12. 18. 20. 24. 23. Mar. 4. an<S
very fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfprd
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Lo«
Angeles and Redondo (Lo« Angelea). II a. ra..
Feb 2. 6 10. 14. IS. 22. 18, Mar. 2, and arrary
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jote del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa«. Santa Roamlla
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7ta ot aacb
For fnrthar Information obtain company"*
The* company reserre* tna rlgat to ekanr*
steamers, sailing date* and hours ot sailing,
without nrevloua notice.
TICKET OFVIC'E —4 Niw Montgromar*
street (Palace Hotel.)
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. GenLAgts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Boston Wool Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
AUCTION SALES,
AUCTION SALE
£a &S &
EXTRAORDINARY
OF
HIGH-CLASS RACE HORSES IN TRAINT>;a.
(A chance to get a ready-made racehorse.)
Comprising
SATSUMA. DR. BEKNAYS, SYBARI3
WHITCOMB, TOM CROMWELL. BLOOMING
CHANCE, CYRIL and CORE.
TO BE SOLD
TO-JIOIIROW.
FRIDAY FEB. 9. 1900,
At 12 m.. at the
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
(In the Paddock.)
Catalogues now ready.-
CHASE & MENDENTIALL.
Successors to KlUlp & Co.
Livestock Auctioneers. 1132 Market st.
THE SAT* . JTHAKCiSUp CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900-
good to choice, $5 1006 10; poor to medium, $4
©4 80; mixed stockers, $3 25®3 90; "elected
feeders, $4 20©4 SO: pood to choice cows, *3 Zs^>
4 40; heifers. $3 2504 75; canners, $2 1002 SO:
bulls. $2 60<t?4 60; calves S4 60@8 75; fed Texas
beeves, $4@5 10. , -„.,
HOGS— Generally 100 lower: top $4 92%.
closing stronger; good clearance; mixed butch
ers': $4 65@4 90; good to choice heavy. $4 SO®
4 92%: rough heavy, $4 65<54 75; light, $4 600
4 So: bulk of sales. $4 80@4 85.
SHEEP— Strong to 10c higher: lambs, steady
to 10c lower; native wethers. $4 50@5 50: lambs.
$o@6 90; Western wethers, $4 40®5 40; Western
lambs. $606 90. .
Receipts— Cattle, 17,000; hogs, 43,000; sheep,
15,000.
New York Grain and Produce.
BOSTON. Feb. 7.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The feature of the market has been the
continued demand for wools grading quarter
blood and below, and aside from this demand
the market has been quiet— quieter in fact than
during the previous week. Customers are
chiefly after the low priced wools, although
some high priced wools have been taken, nut
mostly for mixing purposes. Prices on me
dium and lower wools have ruled very steaaj.
There Is absolutely no speculation at present,
and purchases are wholly for consumption.
Local rale* of the week in Boston amounted
to 3.117.000 domestic and CS.OOO pounds foreign,
a total of 3.152.000 pounds, against 4.4-4.000
pounds for the previous week, and a total °l
4.260.000 pounds for the corresponding week last
year. The sales since January 1 amount to
21.421.600 pounds, against 22.142.000 pounds for
the corresponding' time last year.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 7.— Clearings. $300,
763; balance. $35,244.
Northern Wheat Market. :
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 7.— Wheat— Walla
Walla. B3c; valley, 62c; bluestem. 540.
Cleared— French bark Jules Verne for Queens
town, with 79,031 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 7.— No chang* In wheat.
Club, Bio; bluestem, 53c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Feb. 7.— Consols, 101U: sliver.
27 5-l6d; French rentes, IOOf 67% c; wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet for white, easy for red. 3d lower;
cargoes No. 1 standard California. 29s 9d; car
goes Walla Walla. 295; English country mar
kets, Fteady.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 7.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON-Uplands. 4 15-I6d.
CLOSING.
CORN— American mixed new, steady, 3s 7%d;
American mixed old. steady, 3s 6%<1. Futures-
Steady: March, 3s 7%d: May, 3s 7%d.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; March, 6s
10} id; May, 6s 9T4d; July, 6s lOd.
•
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgraphlc Office. TJ. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
February 7. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of tha new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
NEW YORK. Feb. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts, 16,
754; exports, 9171; firmer and more active. The
advance in wheat encouraged buyers to freely
meet old asking prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 29,600; spot, strong; No. 2
red, 76% c elevator; No. 2 red, 77% c t. o. b.
afloat prompt; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79T4c
f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 1 hard Duluth,
SITio f. o. b. afloat prompt. Options opened,
firm at %c advance and experienced a bull
day. attended by broadening trade. Tha
strength was started by higher cables and in
creased later on bad crop, news from France,
a severe cold wave in our own belt, good ex
port trade and active covering. Price* ad
vanced all day and closed strong at %@lc net
rise; March, 75&<g76%, closed at 76% c; May,
74 3-16S74"ic closed at 74T4c; July, 74 l-16@74?4c.
closed at 74% c.
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE — Options closed steady and net un
changed to 10 points lower; total sales, 19,750
bags. Including February, J7 05; March, $7 05@
7 10; May. "{7 20©7 25; September, $7 45; Decem
ber, $7 50@7 60; January. 17 60@7 70. Spot Cof
fee—Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice. B%c; No. 7
JobDliifc, 9%c; mild, firm: Cordova, 10@13%c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 4 l-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16@4%c; molasse« sugar,
3 13-iSc. Sales, 12,000 bags centrifugal; refined,
flrr...
BUTTER— Receipts, 6133 packages; steady;
June creamery, 19®23Hc; Western creamery,
21@23c: factory, 16(§19c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13,195 packages; unsettled
and lower; Western. UViS'lSc. loss off; Western
ungraded at mark. 13@14^4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
Trading In evaporated apples was «low and
no new feature of Importance developed. Al
though prices were reduced still further to
day the undertone of the market was steady.
Offerings were liberal and country advices un
favorable to buyers, who In turn were con
spicuous by their absence. California dried
fruits dull, but steady at unchanged prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
s©6c; prime, 6UQ*%c; choice, 6»4@7%c; fancy,
SC<?S%c.
"CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13#15c; Moorpark, 15@18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, lS©22c; unpeeled, 7%(g^c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 7.— Notwithstanding a
comparatively small local demand tin scored a
signal gain to-day in sympathy with higher
prices In the English market. While firm ca
bles served to tone up the other departments
of our market they failed to create an In
creased demand and at the close business was
exceedingly low. The Metal Exchange rated:
PIG IRON— Warrants, dull.
COPPER— Unchanged at $16 25.
TlN— Quiet, with $29 25 bid and $23 35 asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 70 bid and *4 75 asked.
SPELTER— Steady, with $4 72% bid and S4 80
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is %i 45 and for
copper $16 25. .
CHICAGO. Feb. 7.— May wheat opened %@%o
over yesterday at 67%@67%c, supported by the
Paris advance and prediction of a cold wave.
The market touched 67% c and then the ascent
began which was continued to the end. The
trade was active and the market broad. Liver
pool turned strong and advanced on reports of
weather menacing to the crop In France, and
It was feared, the same cables reported, that
Argentine shipments would be delayed. The
conditions were a support to the local mar
ket. The most cheerful news, however, from
a bull standpoint was that the export demand
which day after day has been labeled "slack"
had improved. In confirmation of this New
York reported fifty-nine loads taken for ex
port, while 200,000 bushels were sold here for
direct export. The price for May was steadily
bid up to 65%568%c, at which it clOßed l%@l»ic
over yesterday.
The corn market was strong and active the
greater part of the session. The main Influence
was the report that the Argentine crop was
suffering from extreme heat. May closed %@
%c over yesterday at 33%®33%c.
The oats market was strong, but trade wu
smaller. May closed Me up at 23% c.
In the face of heavy hog receipts and lower
prices at the yards provisions showed strength
which excited the admiration of trader*. May
pork closed 2%©6 c over yesterday. May lard
a shade down and May ribs 2%@5c over yes
terday. , „ „
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE STOCK MARKET.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 —
February 65% 6*H 65% 66H
May 67% * 68% 67% 68V4
July 63% 69% 68% 69
Corn No. 2—
February •••• •••• 3ivs
May 53% 33H 83% 33%
July 84% 34Vi 3* 34%
Oats No. 2—
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
July 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork per bbl.—
May 1100 1115 1100 1112%
July 1105 1117% 1105 1117%
Lard, cer 100 lbs—
May ....6 10 6 17% 610 615
July 6 17% 625 6 17% 6 22%
Short ribs, cer 100 lbs —
May 5 92% 6 02% 5 92% 6 02%
July 5 97% 6 02% 6 87% 6 02%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady. No. 3 sprlne wheat, 64% c; No. 2 red,
69©70 c; No. 2 corn, 32>ic; No. 2 oats, 23H823Vac;
No. 3 white, 25Vi'8 : 25?ic: No. 2 rye, G2c; No. 2
barley, 38@43c; No. 1 flaxseed. {1 60; prime
timothy seed. $2 60«J2 55; mess pork, per bbl,
$9 90® 11; lard, per 100 lbs, $5 90@6 05; short ribs,
sides (lormr). $5 85'aG 10; dry-salted shoulders
(boxed), 5%!g6c: short clear sides (boxed), $6 10@
6 15; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal,
n 23^.
Article*. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 67,000 54,000
Wheat, bushels 32,000 21,000
Corn, bushels 770,000 243,000
Oats, bush-Is 410, 000 277,000
Rye, bushels 5.000 8,000
Barley, bushels 101.000 6,000
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Timeii and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
• thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 5.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 19&^4V4c; dairy
19622 c. Cheese, firm; 12@13c. Eggs, weak:
fresh. U\ic
8
Steamer.
From.
I Dv».
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 8
City of Para... Panama Feb. S
Point Arena Point Arena Feb. 3
Pomona San Diego Feb. S
Aloha ICrescent City Feb. 3
Empire |Coos Bay Feb. 9
State of Cal Portland Feb. 9
Alameda Sydney Feb. 9
Tlllamook TUlamook Bay Feb. 9
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 9
Czarina Puget Sound Feb. 9
Coos Bay Newport Feb. ID
Willamette Seattle Feb. 10
Navarro Humboldt Feb. 10
Sunol Grays Harbor Feb. 11
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 11
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 11
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor. Feb. 11
Matteawan Tacoma Feb. 13
Corona San Dleuo Feb. 12
Bristol Oyster Harbor Feb. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Columbia Portland Feb. 14
Bonlta Newport Feb. 14
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 15
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Fler.
Sails.
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 8. 9am Pier 11
Clty~Fydney Panama Feb. 8. 12 m PMSS
Volumnla .. Europe Feb. 8, 10 am Pier 7
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay Feb. 8. Spm Pier 13
Orizaba .... Humboldt Feb. 8. 2pm Pier 9
Humboldt .Alaska Feb. 9. 2pm Pier 13
Nip. Mara. China A Japan Feb. 9, Ipm PMSS
San Pedro.. I Humboldt Feb. 9, 6 pm|Pler 13
Newburg ..|Gray» Harbor Feb. 9, 6pm
North Fork|Humboldt Feb. 19. 9am Pier 2
Aloha ICrescent City. Feb. 9, 4pm Pier 2
Pomona .... San Dleyo Feb. 10. 11 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 10. 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 10. 10 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 10. 2pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 11. 10am|Pler 13
State of Cal Portland Feb. 12. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport Feb. 12. . 9am Pier 11
Corona San Dle^o Feb. 14. 11 azn|Pler 11
Coqullle ... Grays Harbor! Feb. 14,
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.lFeb. 15. 10 am Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland (Feb. 17. 10am|Pler24
O Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. FtJ Ft-
• . H W L.W HW LW
8 ... 6:03 5.6 1:32 0.1 7:20 3.9)
L. W II W L. W II W
9 ... 0:55 3.2 7:07 6.7 2:28 —0.2 8:» 4.3
10 ... 2:05 3.2 8:0S 6.6 3:15—0.3 9:30 4.5
11 ... 3:03 3.0 9:04 5.4 3:58—0.2 10:20 4.S
12 ... 3:52 2.8 9:54 i 5.6 4:32 0.1 11:05 5.3
13 ... 4:36 2.5 10:40 5.6 s:ot 0.0 H:SS 5.1
O Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. FtJ Ft-
• . H W L.W HW LW
8 ... 6:03 5.6 1:32 0.1 7:20 3.9)
L. W II W L. W II W
9 ... 0:55 3.2 7:07 6.7 2:28 —0.2 8:» 4.3
10 ... 2:05 3.2 8:0S 6.6 3:15—0.3 9:30 4.5
11 ... 3:03 3.0 9:04 5.4 3:58—0.2 10:20 4.S
12 ... 3:52 2.8 9:54 i 5.6 4:32 0.1 11:05 5.3
13 ... 4:36 2.5 10:40 5.6 s:ot 0.0 H:SS 5.1
Steamer.
From.
I Dv».
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 8
City of Para... Panama Feb. S
Point Arena Point Arena Feb. 3
Pomona San Diego Feb. S
Aloha ICrescent City Feb. 3
Empire |Coos Bay Feb. 9
State of Cal Portland Feb. 9
Alameda Sydney Feb. 9
Tlllamook TUlamook Bay Feb. 9
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 9
Czarina Puget Sound Feb. 9
Coos Bay Newport Feb. ID
Willamette Seattle Feb. 10
Navarro Humboldt Feb. 10
Sunol Grays Harbor Feb. 11
Orizaba Humboldt Feb. 11
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Feb. 11
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor. Feb. 11
Matteawan Tacoma Feb. 13
Corona San Dleuo Feb. 12
Bristol Oyster Harbor Feb. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Columbia Portland Feb. 14
Bonlta Newport Feb. 14
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 15
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Fler.
Sails.
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 8. 9am Pier 11
Clty~Fydney Panama Feb. 8. 12 m PMSS
Volumnla .. Europe Feb. 8, 10 am Pier 7
A. Blanch'd Coos Bay Feb. 8. Spm Pier 13
Orizaba .... Humboldt Feb. 8. 2pm Pier 9
Humboldt .Alaska Feb. 9. 2pm Pier 13
Nip. Mara. China A Japan Feb. 9, Ipm PMSS
San Pedro.. I Humboldt Feb. 9, 6 pm|Pler 13
Newburg ..|Gray» Harbor Feb. 9, 6pm
North Fork|Humboldt Feb. 19. 9am Pier 2
Aloha ICrescent City. Feb. 9, 4pm Pier 2
Pomona .... San Dleyo Feb. 10. 11 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 10. 10 am Pier 13
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 10. 10 am Pier 9
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 10. 2pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 11. 10am|Pler 13
State of Cal Portland Feb. 12. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport Feb. 12. . 9am Pier 11
Corona San Dle^o Feb. 14. 11 azn|Pler 11
Coqullle ... Grays Harbor! Feb. 14,
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd.lFeb. 15. 10 am Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland (Feb. 17. 10am|Pler24Convention at Redlands.
A number of special cars, containing
forty delegates and several hundred mem
bers of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, left yesterday for Redlands,
where the Y. M. C. A. wilj hold Its nine
teenth annual State convention. The San
Francisco division will be represented at
the convention by Rolla V. Watt, Cap
tain B. D. Ewing, Edw-ard Coleman, A»-
Row in a Josshouse.
A fracas, which was quickly. quelled by
Sergeant McManus and posse, occurred
last night in the Ng Yung Josshouse on
Waverly place. The Ng Yungs were en
gaged in the election of a secretary who
serves for the Six Chinese Companies,
and there was much rivalry among the
several tongs as to who should be ' the
person chosen. The Wong family finally
carried off the honors, and Immediately a
free-for-all fight took place. The officers
were soon on the spot, but no arrests
were made.
NINE WEIGHERS APPOINTED.
Radical Change Made in One of the
Custom-House Departments.
A radical change was made yesterday
In the Weighers' department of the cus
tom-house by order of the Secretary of
the Treasury- Hitherto there have been
on the lists from fourteen to seventeen
extra assistant Weighers, who reported
for duty every morning and took their
chances of getting something to do. This
procedure was very unsatisfactory, be
cause the employes received no pay for
the time spent by them In waiting for an
assignment to duty, and they naturally
thought that Uncle Sam was rich enough
to pay for those who also serve by stand
ing and waiting. They made a proposi
tion that they 6hould be allowed pay for
the fraction of a day consumed in re
porting for duty, but this proposition
was not entertained favorably by the de
partment. Port Collector Jackson cut the
knot by proposing that nine of the num.
ber. selected in accordance with length
of service, should be appointed assistant
Weighers, to be on duty every day, and
that the others should take turns when
ever extra help might be required.
The Secretary of the Treasury approved
of the suggestion as being feasible, and
Just to the men, and the Collector re
ceived a letter yesterday authorizing him
to make the change. The Collector there
upon appointed the following as assistant
Weighers, the salary to be $1100 per an
num: J- W. Silk, D. McCool, Denis Fine
gan. John MT. Durkin. James P. Foley, D.
J Moynihan, S. I. Marston, D. A. Law
le'r and G. L. Hahn.
****** § *!&***&
| A Baby's |
f Taste |
£ guided to
| Grape=Nuts. |
Rev. S. V. Robinson, Brooklyn Hills,
N. V., says: "A few days ago an inci-
dent occurred in my home that may in-
terest you. Our baby boy, a fine speci-
men of two years and three months old
babyhood, was brought downstairs im-
mediately after he awoke. He was teeth-
ir.g, and had eaten but little for two or
three days, and had to be coaxed to do
that. On this particular morning his first
request was for Grape-Nuts, of which
he is very fond. His mother had some
corarneal mush cooked, and served
him with that instead, but after he haG
looked at it for a moment he pushed
it away indignantly, saying: 'I don't
want that; I want Grape- Nuts.' He
would not be satisfied until Grape-Nuts
were served to him, which he ate with
evident enjoyment. We were interested
in his discrimination, and you will
doubtless appreciate the boy's taste."
Probably no food in existence — not
even excepting the very best prepared
baby foods — is as well. adapted to the
use of infants as Grape-Nuts, well
soaked. The food is made up in jjran-
ular form, and for children should be
soaked a few minutes in hot water,
when it becomes a mush, and should be
treated with cream and sujrar.
It contains the elements required for
building the bone?, and the pray matter
in the nerve centers. A child or an
adult fed on Grape-Nuts will show
marked improvement in physical and
mental ability. Many of the elders tes-
tify to the removal of physical ailments
by abandoning portions of the food that
have been in use and taking up Grape-
Nuts rejrularly.
Sold by grocers everywhere, and
made at the pure food factories of the
Posrum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich
FIRST UNITARIANS MEET.
Woman Elected for the First Time to
the Board of Trustees.
General cheerfulness marked the well
: attended annual meeting of the First
Unitarian Church on Tuesday evening.
The reports of Frank J. Symmes,' the
moderator, and James D. Bailey, the
treasurer, and of the ladles at the head
'of the auxiliary, organization were all
distinctly encouraging. The church
treasury carries forward a few hundred
' dollars balance and there are no debts.
Dr. Stebbins has largely recovered his
health, but his strength will not be taxed
by the care of the church. Rev. Dr.
Bradford L*»avitt, the new minister,
gives excellent satisfaction, and the
future of the church is full of promise.
An election was held for three trustees,
and for the first time a woman waa
elected to the board. Mrs. Horace Davis,
Frank J. Symmes and Sheldon G. Kel
logg were named for a period of three
years. After the reading of the reports
from the Channlng Auxiliary, the Society
for Christian Work, the Sunday-school
and two funds for the relief of the" poor,
Mr Leavitt and Dr. Stebbins made Drief
addresses, and the • meeting adjourned
for social intercourse and tempting re
freshments. . ;
SHIRLEY SUIT ENDED.
Defendant Falls to Appear and Case
Is Thrown Out of Court.
BOSTON, Feb. 7.— The bottom dropped
out to-day of the four suits of entry
brought by Mrs. Katherine Shirley of
Kansas City against John Stetson Sr.,
Mrs. Emma Stokes, "W. S. Bangs and
another to recover various parcels of real
estate in this city of the value of about
11.000.000 left by the late John Stetson, as
the alleged daughter and only heir-at-law
of Mrs. Kate Stokes Stetson. The col
lapse occurred In the second division of
the Superior Court before Judge Blod
gett, when the defendant failed to appear
in person or by counsel to try her actions
when they were called. Sic was ac
cordingly ordered by the court to be non
suited, and this throws her actions out of
court.
Much has been published concerning her
claims of being a daughter of the late
Mrs. John Stetson, to whom was devised
all her husband's property, and who died
shortly afterward without a will.
PRIVATE HARRY HUBER.
Feb. 7.— Harry Huber, son of C. O. Huber of this city, who
)] was a member of the hospital corps of the Fourteenth United States reg-
J/ ulars. spent a year as a prisoner in the hands of the Filipinos. During
— that time he was dragg"?d from prison to prison and was finally rescued
th Ueuter.ar.t Giilraore of the Yorktown. His first letter since his release
v received to-day by his father. It gives his experiences for those twelve
?ary months and reads in part:
MANILA. P. L. Jan. 7. '00.
I »m safe »n<J well, and with the Americans once more, after twelve months
a prisoner with the iceuixents. I can not express niy feelings at being free
cac* tsore. As I lock back it all 6eeir.s like a <lr»am and as I think of some
of the perilous positions I have been In. It almost scares me. Marched and
starved tor days at a time, barefoot and almost naked, through 6wamps, rivers
ar.i ever mountains?, to be finally retaken by the brave boys in blue. In the
heart of the mountains of Oeirayan. when we had be*n abandoned and left to
d;e.
Too know that ScTinichsen and myself went out on January 17. IS3S. to tak«
nome snap shots. I had the permission of the steward of my ward to leave the
ho?pital. as I was on nlirht duty. We took the 9 o'clock train for Malolos.
but at the third station we were arrested and taken cS and had an Interview
with the comandante of that town. J*e was very hoetile and threatened to
kill us. but he thought better of It, made out some papers declaring us Ameri
can •pies and sent us on to MaJoloe. where we expected to have an interview
with A^Ti'naldo and that he would get us free.
When we arrived there we were thrown into a dark and dirty cell with
Filipino robbers and murderers, and Riven 5 cents Mexican money and a pint of
rice a day to Hv« on. They took cur hats and shoes and most of our clothes.
Prisoners were brou«Ut in moet every day. One day they brought In nix en
rtneers of the United States army, but they were released. I told one of them
to report as If he *ot in before we did. I did not get much chance to talk to
him. Ttoejr trot In safely and reported us. as I was afterward told.
The war broke out Saturday night. February i. very shortly after we were
captured. On Sunday afternoon a wounded general waa brought In on a bloody
litter, which caused irreat excitement among the populace of the town, who
crowded around the jail cryin*. '•Kill th« Americans'." We were moved from
our c*ll to another where there were two other American soldier*. William
Eruce and E. Honnyman. Nevada cavalrymen, and I. Brown, a civilian, who
afterward pr-ored a " traitor, two different times. At San Isabel three of the
beys rot away, bet before Albert and I could escape Brown called the guards
and each of us had a sun placed at our chest?. The other boys were recap
tured tne next day In a town a few miles away.
On March Tl the Americans were advancing so rapidly that we were marched
out of Maloio* on the run. and when cne of us slowed down we were punched
along with the end of a run. We had three days of this without anything
to eat before w« arrived at San lalciro. the new capital.
On th« l«th of April a new prisoner came In. A. Bishop of the Third Artil
lery. H« was captured on outpost. Just outside of Malolos. We stayed up all
night getting the news, and I was relieved when he told me that our names,
which I had written on the walls of the prison at Malolos, had been found-
On th# 22d of April Lieutenant Gtllmore and his outfit came in.
I put our names on the prison wall at San leldro and they were also found.
On May S we had to move again, as the Americans were getting so close.
We were on the road over a month before arriving at Vljan. where w« were
Immediately put into dote confinement under orders from General Tlno.
On November J» fourteen more prisoners came into Bengued from the lower
prm-inrea. and w» got word that the Americans had landed in \lgan. On that
ia.y w« BtartM for the mountains, twenty-six in the party. One night the Fili
pino lieutenant who waa in charge of us told us he was going to abandon us
because his soldiers w*re tir»d cf g-Jardlng us and we were so slow that they
were afraid they would starve in the mountain*. He said he had orders to
kill us. but that he could not do such a cold-blooded act. He added that if
we would et*y there two or three days the Americans would overtake us. We
laughed at such an idea, never thickir.g that the American army would follow
us over «uch a trail. But they did. ani they soon overtook us.
Two morning* later, lust as we were about to embark on bamboo rafts to
go down the rirer, it was the happiest moment of my life when I heard a
rvutiTLg cheer ar.d looked up to see the boys In blue shirts and brown pants
come charring down the hill to the river.
It was a s^uad of picked m?n cut of the. Thirtr-thlnJ and Thirty- fourth regi
ments that rescued us and they had been on the trail for two months. Colonel
Hare and Lieutenant Colonel House swore that they would follow us Into hell If
necessary but they would get us. and they did.
We arrived In Abulog on New Tear's day. ar.d the next day marched to
Aparrt. a large town on the coast, where there was a transport waiting for us.
W« sailed that evenlwr and landed In Vigan th» next day. We t'Xik a day's
reel and then came to Manila. Soms of my companions out of the corps are still
her* and a rreat many came to see me.
Aged German Found Dead
OAKLAND. Feb. 7.— Adolph Sporleder,
En aged German book agent, was found
dead in his room at 443 San Pablo avenue
this noon. He had been In 111 health for
some time, and death is supposed to have
resulted from natural causes. Coroner
Mehnnann will hold an Inquest.
SUMMER SCHOOL
WORK ORGANIZED
AT UNIVERSITY
Programme Arranged
for Teachers.
BERKELEY. Feb. 7.— The summer ses
sion of the University of California will
begin on June 25 and last until August
3. Special attention, will be paid to in
struction in history and political science,
Professor Bernard Moses, Professor
Thomas R. Bacon and Dr. K. C. Babcock
all being members of the summer school
faculty. Courses will be offered in Latin,
pedagogy, English, mathematics, physics,
chemistry and botany.
The work In physics, chemistry and
botany will consist of practical laboratory
courses supplemented by lectures on the
principles involved. The courses are for
students of the university who wish to do
experimental work in preparation for
matriculation as well as the teachers.
Throughout the summer session the
university library will be open every day
except Saturday from ;» a. in. to 5 p. m.
Library privileges will be extended to any
one who will make the deposit of $5,
which Is required of all summer 3chool
students who wish the privilege of home
use of library books. Communications
should be directed to Recorder James Sut
ton.
The tuition fee will be $10. regardless of
the number of courses taken. The la
boratory fee in physics and botany will
be $5 and in chemistry there will be re
quired a deposit of $10 to cover breakage
and materials used, the balances unused
to be returned to the students at the end
of the term.
The courses of the summer school will
be as follows:
History and political science— Spanish
and French Colonial History and Policy"
and "Civil Government in the United
States." Instruction by Bernard Moses,
professor, of history and political econ
omy.
"History of England" and "The Renais
sance," by Thomas R. Bacon, professor
of modern European history.
"History of the United States Since
1S50" . and "Medieval Life and Institu
tions," by Kendric C. Babcock, assistant
professor of history and political science.
Pedagogy, "School Hygiene," by
Fletcher B. Dressier, assistant professor
of the science and art of teaching.
Latin— "Virgil's Aeneld," "Cicero's Ora
tions" and "Roman Satire," by Herbert
M. Hopkins, instructor in Latin.
English— "Elementary Old English" and
"Studies In Modern Prose; Structure and
Style," by Walter M. Hart, instructor in
composition and rhetoric. "Outlines of
English Literature" and "History of
American Literature." by William D.
Ames, assistant professor of English lit
erature.
Mathematics— "lntroduction to Plane
Analytic Geometry," "Modern Synthetic
Geometry" and "Elements of Differen
tial and Integral Calculus," by Archie H.
Pierce, instructor in mathematics.
Physics — Three laboratory courses
equivalent respectively to the laboratory
exercises and matriculation physics, the
freshman course and the sophomore
course, and a course of informal lectures
on electricity and magnetism, with experi
mental illustrations, by E. R. Drew, In
structor In physics; W. A. Sheldon, as
sistant in physics, and E. E. Hall, assist
ant In physics.
Chemistry — "Elementary Chemistry,"
"Inorganic Chemistry." "Qualitative
Analysis," Quantitative Analysis" and
"Organic Chemistry."
The work In chemistry will be in charge
of Edmond O'Neill, associate professor of
organic and physiological chemistry" Ed
ward Booth. D. G. Aplln and J. A.
Pearce. instructors in chemistry.
Botany — "Introduction to Plant Physiol
ogy and Morphology" and "The Living
Plant and Its Environment," by W. J. V.
Osterhout and F. G. Kraus, Instructors in
botany.
GOLDEN GATE'S ANNIVEHSAB.Y.
Pleasant Social Function by a Coun
cil of the Young Men's
Institute.
Golden Gate Council No. 34 of the Young
Men's Institute . celebrated Its thirteenth
anniversary last evening by a grand ball
In Native Sons' Hall. The decorations
were white and gold, relieved with ferns,
and formed one of the prettiest combi
nation of colors in tasteful arrangements
that has ever been seen in that hall. The
attendance was large and the programme
of dances had sixteen numbers on It. Dur
ing the evening there was distributed to
the hundreds of ladles present a beautiful
souvenir programme, one of the daintiest
and most attractive that has been got up In
many years by a fraternal organization.
The function was well arranged, well car
ried out and thoroughly enjoyable. It
was under the direction of the following
named: Floor manager, J. A. Dunleavy;
assistant floor manager, D. E. Hayden;
floor committee — John Guerin, A. Hennes
sey. George W. Cavanaugh, William J.
Reiley, Thomas E. Priest. F. J. Foran.
Arthur Sullivan, Edward Miles, William
L. Sullivan and P. Reush; reception com
mittee — John M. Glennan, Edward Fitz
gerald, F. McQuaide, John M. Ferris,
Henry T. Hicks, William McCarty, C. J.
Reegan. Louis Healey, James P. Foley
and George A. Monahan.
Death of T. G. McMenomy.
Thomas G. McMenomy, son of Captain
J. H. McMenomy, the well-known butcher,
passed away in Oakland yesterday. His
illness was of short duration and his
death has been a great shock to his
parents and friends. Deceased was only
19 years old at the time of his death and
was a member of Company N, League of
the Cross Cadets. The funeral will be
held to-morrow from the residence of his
parents, corner of San Pablo avenue and
Crawford street. The funeral cortege will
then proceed to St. Columba's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated. Interment will be in St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
Employment of Women.
A general invitation to public school
teachers and business women has been
Church Officers Elected.
The board of trustees of the Park Con
gregational Church. Lorin, has elected
the following officers for the ensuing year:
President, Mrs. Ronaldson;.vlee president,
Mrs. E. D. Harmon: second vice presi
dent. Mrs. A. B. Dixon: secretary. Mrs.
O. B. Caldwell. and treasurer, Mrs. J.
Balkle. Since the appointment of women
a year ago to the position of trustees
the church has been practically freed
from debt and put on a good financial
basis. J
Officers Are Elected.
At the annual meeting of the Ladles'
United Hebrew Benevolent Society on
January 31 the following were elected of
ficers for the ensuing year: President,
Mrs. M. Samuel; vice president, Mrs. M.
Davidson; treasurer, Mrs. M. L. Asher;
secretary. Mrs. H. Llppman; trustees—
Mrs. L. Brenner, Mrs. M. Getz, Mrs. M
Friedman, Mrs. J. Newman, Mrs. J. Pres
cott, Mrs. E. Magner and Mrs. J. Graff
The society has disbursed during the past
year the sum of $302S 40 among the poor
sick and needy.
Kings River Canyon Illustrated.
A mest delightful entertainment will be
given at the Association Auditorium. Ma
son and Ellis streets, under the auspices
of the Association Camera Club next Fri
day evening at 8 o'clock; A lecture will
be given by Professor Bolton Colt Brown
of the department of art, Leland Stanford
Jr. University, on "The Kings River Can
yon," which is noted for Its grandeur of
scenery and which is so difficult of ac
cess to the average traveler. Professor
Brown accompanied Dr. Jordan on his
trip to this canyon last summer, and the
views with which he will illustrate his
lecture were taken by them at that time.
Admission may be secured at the asso
ciation offlce.
They Found No Clews.
OAKLAND. Feb. 7.— William McCook
the tramp who was supposed to be respon
sible for the burning of the Nunemacher
barn and Schulz residence at Piedmont,
will be charged with plain vagrancy. The
deputies detailed by Sheriff Rogers to In
vestigate the case have. determined after
a whole day's labor that they cannot con
nect McCook with the recent fires.
OBAPE-NinS.
"WANT A WOMAN APPOINTED.
California Club's Open Letter to Su
perintendent Webster.
The following open letter has been ad
dressed to Superintendent of Schools
Webster by the California Club, which
requests him to appoint a woman as one
of his deputies:
R H Webster, Superintendent of Schools —
Dear Bit! Inasmuch as the appointment of
•deputies has net yet been made and In view
of the fact that public sentiment la In favor
of a woman, especially for the supervision of
the nrimary work of the School Department,
we a*raln respectfully urge your consideration
of our request that & woman be appointed at
one of your deputies. Very respectfully,
BOARD OF DIRECTORS. CALIFORNIA
i CLUB.
UNIQUE EFFORT AT
DRAWING UP A WILL
OAKLAND, Feb. 7.— lt will require a
keen i?gal mind to decipher, according to
Mary J. Stone's • olographic will, how
many children she left to enjoy her es
tate, valued at several thousand dollars.
Mrs. Stone was also known as Mary
Holmes in Washington Township, where
she died January 19. The will, dated
March 22. ISS3, names David B. B.
Holmes. Rachel Herdel and Lottie S.
Stone as administrators, and they apply
for letters. Testatrix directs that "the
homestead be kept as long as all agree,
but 'when any one Is dissatisfied the ad
ministrators are to sell."
Two feeble-minded children, 'John
Holmes and Mrs. Charity Hall, are left
to the care of the others, who are request
ed "to do something for them as long as
they live." "And my son, Samuel
Holmes, and daughter, Nellie Shannon,"
continues the Instrument, "don't need
anything: but as I wish to remember
Nellie Shannon, she Is to have my. gold
bowed spectacles, also the silver ones,
and any Jewelry or clothing she wants,
and Samuel is to have a cow. If the
homestead is sold my daughter Pheby
Drake is to have $200, if she is living, and
the balance is to be divided among my
other four children. Louisa Bryan, David
Holmes. Rachel and Lottie Stone."
A codicil, dated January 8, 1900. provides
that "If my property is sold I request that
my son John Holmes and Mrs. Charity
Hail have $5 each."
BERKELEY. Feb. 7.— The Graduate
Club and California Union will entertain
a number of graduate students of Stan
ford at dinner next Friday evening. In the
University Dining Association.
Big Mortgage Recorded.
OAKLAND, Feb. 7.— A $15,000 mortgage
on Oakland real estate belonging to the
realty syndicate of San Francisco wa3 re
corded in the Alameda County Recorder's
office to-day in favor of the Savings and
Loan Society of San Francisco.
PAVING OF DOWNTOWN
STREETS IS DISCUSSED
North Central Improvement Asso
ciation Considers the Matter
at Its Annual Meeting.
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation will try to persuade the Board of
Supervisors to authorize an Issue of mu
nicipal bonds for the purpose of improv
ing the streets in the wholesale section
bounded by Market, Kearny 6treets
and the bay. The amount of money that
will be needed for the purpose is only
estimated as yet. The figures presented
yesterday at the annual meeting of the as
sociation were $75,000 for removing the
cobbles from thirty-five blocks; for re
paying streets now paved with » basalt
blocks and resetting the basalt in con
crete about $75,000 more, or $150,000 In all.
The matter was Introduced by the secre
tary of the association. Edgar Painter.
The topic was discussed at length, and
the members present were practically
unanimous, there being only one dissent
ing voice. For the purpose of mature
consideration the matter was referred to
the executive committee.
The annual election took place, the fol
lowing being elected: President, Charles
S Neal; vice presidents. Dr. George A.
Moore and William P. Thomas; secretary,
Edgar Painter. The following were
named by the new presidents as mem
bers of the executive committee: H. H.
Taylor, Alfred J. Marcus, William Glscl
man George K. Fitch, J. H. Meyer,
Henry Van Bergen, John T. Doyle, W. S.
Keyes, E. E. Schmledell. Sidney V.
Smith and George D. Shadbourne.
News From the University.
The Art Association of the university
will give a students' concert In Hearst
Hall to-morrow evening.
The senior class elected the following
officers this afternoon: President. \V ilste
M Martin; secretary. R- Haseltine: treas
urer. V. de Laveaga; sergeant at arms, J.
R. Moulthrop.
Professor E. E. Brown has been ap
pointed State Educational Commissioner
by the State Teachers' Association.
INTERESTS THE
PACIFIC COAST
Work of the Delegation
at Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Feb. 7.—
Senator Perkins to-day called upon At
torney General Griggs relative to a selec
tion of a successor to Judge Johnson in
Alaska. The Attorney General said that
he had received many protests against
the appointment of. a Pacific Coast man
to fill the vacancy, but Senator Perkins
and other Senators and Representatives
of that section have not abandond the
fight and will Insist upon the appointment
or a man from the coast. If President
McKinley should decide to name some one
from California he has to choose from
some of the best legal material there, and
the Senators and Representatives from
Oregon and Washington have also recom
mended the best of lawyers in their
States.
Senator Perkins to-day received a tele
gram from Chief Justice Beatty of the
California Supreme Court protesting
against the proposed reciprocity treaties,
and answered that he was certain ¦ the
opponents of these treaties would have
enough votes to refer the entire batch to
the Committee on Finance and there let
them stay. It has been one of the policies
of the opposition to the treaties of France.
Jamaica and Argentina to have their con
sideration in this committee.
Senator Perkins and those opposing
these treaties are confident of their de
feat. The Argentine treaty, which re
quires ratification before the 10th instant,
it is confidently said, will never be
brought before the Senate.
The bill Introduced by Representative
Needham, providing for the holding of a
Federal court at i resno, has been re
ferred by the House Committee on Judi
ciary to Judges Ross and Welborn for
their consideration.
The House Committee on Agriculture
will in a few days report favorably on
Representative Needham's bill providing
for a quarantine on nursery stock and
cuttings from foreign countries into the
United States. The committee has agreed
to an amendment, "Providing that noth
ing In the bill shall be construed to pre
vent a State from inspecting articles at
the point of destination." This amend
ment ' is for the purpose of averting a
clash -between State and Federal quaran
tine officers. ! -fJf±
Clyde C. Weston has been appointed
clerk in the San Francisco Custom
house. The Civil Service Commission will
hold an examination for a clerk and let
ter-carriers in the San Diego postofflce on
March 17. Miss Maud M. Miller of Sa
lida, Cal. has been appointed cook at the
Greenville Indian School, California.
Army orders: By direction of the Sec
retary of War Assistant Surgeon Edwin
C. Shattuck Is relieved from duty at Fort
Pickens, and will proceed to San Fran
cisco. Assistant Surgeon George E.
Means is relieved from duty in the De
partment of San Diego and will proceed
from Wellford, S. C, to San Francisco.
Assistant Surgeon Aubray Higgins, Jef
ferson Barracks, will proceed to San
.Francisco
The following named acting assistant
surgeons will proceed to San Francisco:
Robert A. Anderson, Cold water; Gordon
B. Meldrum, Washington; Edward A,
Southall, Geneseo.
Pensions: California— Restoration and
increase, Milton J. Arrington, Soldiers'
Home, Ims Angeles, to JB. Increase-
Paul Smith, Benicia, $10 to $17; William
Burrows. Chualar $3 to 10; Aungier
Dobbs. Soldiers Home, Los Angeles, $3
to 12; Louis Rochaet, Randsburg, $¦> to SS;
Frederick Appold, Los Angeles, $6 to $8
Original widows, etc.— Mary E. Chl
chester. Lorin, $8.
Oregon— Restoration and reissue — WII
lard L. Blake, dead. Westfall, $17
Original widows, - etc.— Minor of Daniel
Ryan, Grants Pass, $10.
Washington — Increase — Eugene 'A.
Routhe, Spokane ?S to $12,
Claims He Was Bobbed.
OAKLAND. Feb. 7.— Percy O'Connell re
ported to the police to-day that he had
been robbed of $59 by M. T. Hale. O'Con
nell and Hale have been traveling about
the country together, and during the pa3t
winter worked on a railroad In Califor
nia. They finally concluded they had
worked long enough and started out to
spend their money. Monday night they
secured a room in the Capitol Hotel and
retired. When O'Connell awoke In the
morning both Ms companion and hft
money were missing. Hale left a note,
saying he would return shortly, but as he
did not come In twenty-four hours O Con
nell told his troubles to the police, who
are now looking for Hale.
STUDENTS RALLY.
BERKELEY, Feb. 7. —The university
students held a rally to-night at Hearst
Hall and hearty support was extended to
the Berkeley contestants In the Carnot
annual Intercollegiate debate, which Is to
be held next Friday evening at Hearst
Hall.
President Fred Douty of the Associated
Students called the meeting to order and
Introduced Professor Thomas R. Bacon,
who spoke upon the growth of debating
and the prominence It occupied In college
life. Arthur Elston talked upon. the mat
ter from a student s point of view. Frank
Powers and Seth Mann, alumni, also ad
dressed the students. Music was furnished
by the college glee club. At the conclu
sion of the rally the students gave thrte
rousing cheers for Mrs. Hearst and Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler.
A. Macurda, C. A. Maydwell. J. J. Pflster,
F. C. Cook and Secretary H. J. McCoy.
BODY OF H. KRAMM
LAID AT REST
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 7.
The funeral of the late Councilman
Charles H. Kramm took place this after
noon and was one of the largest ever held
In Oakland. The remains were followed
to the grave by most of the city officials,
several fraternal societies and a large
number of friends. Rev. Adolph J. Jatho.
pastor of St. Marcus' German Evangelical
Lutheran Church, conducted the services,
which were held at the residence of the
mother of the deceased, 314 Telegraph
avenue. The music was furnished by the
Elks' quartet, comprised of: Benjamin
Clark, first tenor; Alfred Wilkie, second
tenor; Henry Melvln, first bass; G. H.
Carlton, second bass. Interment was at
Mountain View Cemetery.
The city officials present were: Mayor
R. W. Snow, City Engineer R. M. Clem
ent, City Attorney W. A. Dow, Chief of
Police S.- C. Hodgkins, Auditor A. H.
Breed. Superintendent of Schools J. W.
McClymonds, Deputy City Clerk E. F.
Holland, City Treasurer Z. D. Gilpin, Sec
retary of the Board of Public Works R.
F. Jackson, Superintendent of Streets C.
Ott, and Councilmen H. D. Rowe, George
W. Stetson. F. R. Glrard, W. Meese, F.
K. Mott, L. Schaffer and M. W. Lpton.
Among the others present were: Ex-Chief
of Police W. F. Fletcher, ex-Mayor J. L.
Davle, Captain of Police Peterson, Dis
trict Attorney J. J. Allen, Theodore Gier,
W. H. Frost. C. H. Kucks. M. Jonas, C.
H. Brosnahan, William Watkinson, T. F.
Garrity and Charles Heeseman.
The following lodges of which the de
ceased Councilman was a member par
ticipated in the obsequies: Piedmont Par
lor So. 20. N. S. G. W.. headed by Presi
dent D. J. Barr; Oakland Vereln Ein
tracht, headed by Treasurer B. Meves;
Vorwaerts Lodge No. 313. I. O. O. F.,
headed by Noble Grand Andrew Krueckle;
California Lodge No. 2. Hermann's Sons,
headed by President Claus Krueger; Oak
land Turn Verein, headed by President
Henry Kraeke. „
There were many beautiful floral pieces
from friends and the bier was covered
with them. A piece representing a vacant
chair, which came from the City Council,
rested at the head ef the coffin. On the
back of it. in white and blue violets, were
the words. "At rest."
The pallbearers were Councilman Felton
Taylor. Charles Heeseman, William Jar
gens, F. W. Sonderlelter, H. Sagehorn and
Paul Kroenlcke.
ACTOR ERNEST HOWELL.
AKLAXD, Feb. 7.— Ernest Howell. a member of the Macdonough Stock
ffy> Company, says that religion and the drama are not Irreconcilable. He
U //declares that Christianity and histrionic art can walk hand In hand.
Both, in his estimation, can be the means of accomplishing great
good.
And Mr. Howell ought to know. He stepped from the church to the
stage. The change was direct. Two years ago Howell was the successful
superintendent of St. Paul's Sunday-school In this city. One Sabbath after
noon he bade his religious pupils farewell. A week later he appeared on the
stage of the Alcazar In San Francisco as a full-fledged actor, and has been
using grease-paint ever since.
"I still believe in religion, and will always do so," he said, "but I see
nothing incompatible between Christianity and acting. A man can be moral
ly good or bad, no matter what profession he enters, and clean plays cer
tainly do a great deal of good. Had I the time I would still be engaged
in Sunday-school work.
"The reason I went on the stage was because I like acting and thought I
possessed a talent for It. Th« other day I met the Rev. Dr. Ritchie, pastor
of the church where I formerly taught Sunday-school, and he congratu
lated me on my success. So you see, all ministers are not against acting."
AGED EPILEPTIC
WOMAN A VICTIM
OF THE FLAMES
Falls Into an Open
Fireplace.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Feb. 7.
Mrs. Harriet Mathews, aged 70 years,
fell into an open fireplace during an epi
leptic fit at her home In Lorin sever-U
days ago, and on account of burns re
ceived she was to-day subjected '.o a
most painful surgical operation at t). >
Receiving Hospital.
Mrs. Mathews' husband had gone out to
attend to his chickens at the time of the
accident. When he returned to the nous?,
ten minutes later, he found his aged
spouse lying with her head resting
against the hot bricks in the fireplace an 1
her hair burning. Through prompt action
he- saved her from being burned to death,
but her face waa horribly burned, as wero
also her hands. Mr. Mathews imme
diately applied aoothing applications to
his wife's burns and she appeared to be
recovering. But the fingers of her right
hand failed to show signs of healing, an-t
Mr. Mathews brought his wife to the hos
pital to-day. Drs. Milton, Ewer ar.-l
Rowe found it necessary to amputate tha
third and fourth fingers at the thirrl join?.
An amputation was also required between
the first and second phalanx of the fifth
finger.
The operation was exceedingly patn
ful, as, owing to Mrs. Mathews' age. the
surgeons deemed it dangerous to admin
ister chloroform, fearing possible fatal
results.
CLOTHED IN
TWENTY-DOLLAR
GOLD PIECES
Novel Attire of an
Italian Bootblack.
Angelo Saropa, an Italian bootblack, is
not a believer in savings banks, nor has
he any confidence in strong boxes at
home. He was arrested last night for
drunkenness by Officers Holmes and
Burkevitch and when searched at the
California street station nearly $1000 was
found on hi 3 person. The officer who
made the discovery nearly fainted but
was brought to a realization of what was
before him by hearing the gold pieces
tinkle.
Saropa concealed his wealth in an In
ner vest, and when it was taken from
him it showed that he had used Macchia
vellian ingenuity In spreading the money
so that it would not attract attention.
With needle and thread he had carefully
pewed the glittering twenties inside the
lining of the waistcoat, and with another
vest to hide his banking institution he
went about his business and no one would
have been the wiser but for the fact that
he drank too much grape juice.
The money was turned over to the sta
tion-keeper, and the inebriated Italian
will receive it when he is in a fit condition
to care for his fortune.
"The Ideal and the Real."
Mrs. R. S. Llllie lectured last night un
der the auspices of the Liberty Branch of
the Social Democratic Party on "The Ideal
and the Real." at 117 Turk street. A good
sized audience listened to the lecture,
which was followed by a general discus
sion. *
CALIFORNIA TO
EMPLOY COACHES
FROM THE EAST
Athletic Committee's
Demand.
BERKELEY, Feb. 7.— At a meeting of
the student athletic committee of the
University of California held this after
noon some important business was tran
sacted. As far as Berkeley is concerned
Eastern coaches will be employed until
some future student body sees fit to do
otherwise. California, the committee says,
was agreeable to the proposal of Stanford
that Eastern coaches be dispensed with
and some home man employed until the
amendment that the coach must be a
college graduate was added. Berkeley has
a number of available men as coaches
who have attended college but dropped
out before graduation, and to confine the
list of eligible coaches to graduates would
be a hardship. That closes the matter,
and both colleges will now be free to do
as they think best.
The matter of holding the field day on
the Stanford campus will be left to the
faculty athletic committees of both col
leges for llnal decision. They will meet at
the University Club next Saturday after
noon to discuss the matter. The re
vised list of entries, permitting a man to
compete in several events, was adopted.
The committee from the University of
California believe that by having the an
nual field day held at San Francisco or on
their own campus a larger attendance can
be secured. They say they will not ac
cept the proposition to hold the field day
at Palo Alto unless a guarantee is as
sured them to cover preliminary and
training expenses.
extended by the Stanton Club for a dis
cussion at the home of Mrs. Clara Foltz,
771 Haight street, of the latest phase of
the woman question. "Shall Married
Women Hold Salaried Positions, While
Single Women Need Employment." Dr.
J. A. B. Wilson and Mrs. Edholm and
other speakers will address the meeting.
FROM SUNDAY-SCHOOL
TO THE GREENROOM
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
HUBER'S STORY OF HIS
CAPTURE BY FILIPINOS
// 3n tfext \ 2
((Sunday's\ \
V CalL JJ 1
FEBRUARY 1L yy J
S The Life Story of Carlos Ezeta, S
• Revolutionist. %
% Styles for the Well-Dressed Man. •
9 7
S St. Valentine's Day. # »
2 Full>Page Drawing by CAHILL o
S • Unique Occupation of a San Fran- g
| cisco Society Man. |
• How Typhoons and Earthquakes J
S I Are Predicted. , •
J The Latest Fashions in Parasols. S
• The Reluctant Voyagers. t
S How St. Valentine's Day « Originated. J
J THE SUNDAY CALL'S MAGAZINE To Be
O SECTION IS THE STANDARD OF Beautiful
J AMERICAN NEWSPAPER ART.A: XX «^« v
c From a
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••I JJ d P<* ne f e
Standpoint.
9SAN' FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE ef the San rr__e!*e©
Call, corner ef Market and Third streets, cpen
crtll 1J o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
rcrr.er Clsy; cpen unt'.l 9:39 p. m.
«00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
r2S McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
t:5 Larkln street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
:r.<l Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
nci Market street corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 p. m.
ICC Eleventh rtreet: open until * D. ra.
3C?C Valencia street; cpen until I p. ta .
irT3 Polk etreet; cpen until » p. m.
ICorthwert corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tiirky ftrr»t«: rpen until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION~CHAPTER NO. 79, R. A. 11.— *
Ppcclai mwtir.g THIS (THURSDAY) JV^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Mission TSJr
Masonic Temple 2CCS Mlssicn st. Mark'^T "•
Master derr*e. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodße No. 1. F. nnd A. ¦
ML, will nie^t THIS (THURSDAY)
FTVENINO. February 8, at 7:30 o'clock. JLjfZ
Third degree. By order of the master. /V *>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
BOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. *
2:2. F. and A. M., meets THlS^i%_
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:30 jC_«
o'clock for instruction. By order of/~T^
the master. E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodre No. 216, F. and A. M.— •
Pp«clal meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING at T:S^ o'clock. Third de- \f Jjf
eree. By order cf the W. M. />»*>
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE Ban Francisco Scottish Thistle _ <T >^
•\u v meets THIS (THURSHAT) ?S _• VJJ
EVENING at Fraternity Hall. 02 T_-X£*
OTarrell st.. at S o'clock. Impor- ~^_~»
tant business. Full attendance requested.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GECRGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ASTROLOGY.
I-ROF. A. MAf ERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
cltt arifl ps'mist in the world; satUfaction
— jaranteed. A" (VldeTi Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fw: divorce law a specialty; private;
*-c fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. ST.O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charpe unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. 127 Market St.. cpp. Mason.
F. H. MHP.ZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
sumed practice at- DOS Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
_. B. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bl<sg.. 927 Mar-
ket ft.: «*on>ultatlon free: no fees In advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
:^BETGTrrviA~HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun- '.
ny mites; best board; 2. $50 up: single. 122 10.
FRANKLIN. 603— Larpe sunny room: bath;
cood board: $20; workingmen preferred.
HYDE, 239 (The Salisbury)— Large *umy terms
with board: «¦" yuite or ting'.e: reasonable.
HYDE 729. bet. Sutter and Post— Newly fur-
nished ro^m with board in rrirate fan-.ilv;
Fuitable fcr 2 ffent'.em en or couple.
HYDE. 719. bet. Sutter and Post— Newly fur-
r.!Fhed bay-window room, with board, for a
gfntierr.an. :
LAP PALMAS. __• Market «t.— Suite cf I or 3
rrr.y.: private; bath; tin. rms. : board optional.
I\'i;YV farr.'.ly hotel: flrst-cla«s In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; upectal inducements to
»-#lect people. f"7 California et.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
OTAP.KFLL. 7<l— Clean, comfortable rooms;
Food home cooking; special rates to gents.
EOP.r.OW on planes, furniture, diamonds,
ralntlr.ps: necrery. TTncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CHILDREN wanted; rood home; German fam-
ily: reasonable prices. Apply MRS. J.
BRANDES. 453 Minna ft.
I.APT wishes 1 or 2 children to board, ege 2
to <•.$ year«: reasonable. Box 26:6. Call.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
fCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Bofk Co.. Tf'4 Mission ft., near Third.
BOOT AM» SIIOK BARGAINS.
BABY'S shoes, e'.tes 2 tn 6 35 cts
Men's working shoes, extra quality $1 25
Boy's shoes, sizes 13V, to 2 S5 cts
People's Shoe Store. 1503 Stockton, nr. Bdway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— *~>»; CORNER grocery end bar with 4
rooms, cr. Market St.; must be sold on ac-
ccunt of death at once; good business. R. G.
V. ILKE. »'.« Market et.
A— Ill'to; BAKERY on Polk street; baking iv»
barrel: all utore trade; dally receipts above
tZb; rent S.S. C-II R. O. WILKE. 906 M-rket.
A— $300; FRUIT etcre. with living rooms, on
Polk Kt. ; t-; >:.2: 1 paying business and good i
Etock on hand. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— 1600; RESTAURANT and oyster house; rent
SZo; M-rket and Jones sia.; rare chance. R.
G. WILKE. to* Market Bt.. corner Ellis.
A— J325: BRANCH bakery, with 2 living rooms;
••'¦..: .:-.'.¦¦'. 19 y «re. daily receipts $15; splen-
Uid location on Larkla st K. G. WILKE, 606
Market St
A SALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixtures: larc* stock; rushing business;
no better location on East st; splendid
char.cc. R. G. WILKE. SM Market et_
A— SIXO— CORNER grocery in very best part
of the —Uaatoa; large stock. 1 horFe,' wacun,
cart; 75 order customers; place established
yea— and f\r*t-clas» paying. C_U It G.
V.ILKt:. SC* Market it.
A— s3^o; DAIRY produce ar.3 delicacy store,
with 3 living rooms; rent $12; a good-paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 906 Market
A— JCiO; PARTNER wanted In chop and coffee
house; lively country town; place clearing $60 I
fcr each partner. Call R. G. WILKE. VO6
Market E t.
A— SSSO: BAKERY rear McAllister st; estab-
lished years: eil store trade; large stock;
rent $25: 4 years' lease: 1% barrels per day.
Cal! It. G. WILKE. !)C6 Market «t
ATTENTION. SELLERS! "
List whatever you have for sale
with rr.e. I can tell for cash. I
will advertise It free for you. I
want iio exclusive contract Have
buyer waiting with cash. I sell
city and country real estate and
business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. IC2O Market St.. opp. Fifth.
16? ROOMS— HOTEL AND BAR.
C.earir.R about $500.
$2f.00 can remain at
C per cent lntereet.
Price $4GCO.
DECKER, ICTO Market Bt
MINING partner wanted; chanc* for a man
with some capital to make a fortune this sea-
son near Nome, AlAEka.
SSSOO — Partner In machine ebop; chance of a
life time in a grood man.
~0Q — Hnrrisr _r..1 notion*.
J2O'*— Bazaar, school supplies, notion*.
530(i — Office b-j«iness.
SHOO — First-class saloon; good stock of Uq-
_i-ts, c'fars.
$1500— Finest meat market In the city.
SCHOTTLKU & CO.. C 32 Market ft.
i — — NOTICE —
; STEXBEUO & CO.
Have Removed to
OS Market Strret,
. Over Hals Bros.
A— BUYERS. ATTENTION!
FOR SALE
A firs t-clajs tea and coffee store; well «wtab-
lifhed; all carii trade; good value for the
money. STENBEF.G CO.. 935 Market et
A— KRBDO A CO r2H GEARY ST.
A rare opportunity: $C 00: partner established
business; clears $350 a month; acct. alckness.
J2Cftt— ELEGANT cor. More and modern 6-room
cottage: rents $30. KREDO & CO.. 22«£ Geary.
t!6f>^— DRATIXO express; only one in town of
«000 population: $10,000 yearly. KREDO4 CO.
CITY BUSINESS EXCHANGE 79 Third et.
Bargain* in naloons $200 to $IWX>
Ciirar strnes with clubrooms $100 to $500
Rooming houses, jo to 3 r O rooms.
Partner: Fmall capital: paying business.
Tlestaurant* and oyster houses $100 to $1200
>— JipO: BRANCH bakery and candy store, with
3 living-rooms: good trade; located near 2
echools on bufinew corner; cheap rent. Pa-
cific Exchange, ICK Market st.
$150— BRANCH l>akery and candy store; best
part of the Mission: 3 llvinc-rooms; cheap
r»-nt; civen away. M. LESS, 705 Market it.
$200 — BRANCH bakery, notions and variety
store; north of Market; 4 living-rooms; rent
JIS: rr. ust be sold at once. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$C5O- STATIONERY, confectionery, schoolbooks
and lunch r»oras; Western Addition; near 7
tschools; owner goiru: away. M. LESS, 7C5 Mkt.
11250— THE best grocery and bar in Western
• Addition; must be sold this week; sickness
• ompels eacrlflc*; fullest Investigation al-
lowed. M. LESS. ?CS Market st.
FOR sale— Business and outfit on or off the
road; been netting t3OOO annually; no ex-
jxTier.ce necessary; sickness cause of eale.
7GI I'ast Thirteenth St.. East Oakland.
WANTED— Mercantile business and home In
fonr* Kinall live city in Southern California.
S. J. HAKRISON. 12C9 Howard »t
BALDWIN Annex saloon and business. Includ-
ing lonr lease, for eale. Inquire of JOHN
KROUFE. 20S Market st:. chairman of com.
FOR EALE— Good paying hotel property in
cour.try. For further particulars address O.
LAMPSON. Paloma. Cat., vU Valley Spring.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
GROCERY and bar; 4 living-rooms and stable;
• rent low; price reasonable. Apply 455 Clem-
entina Et
$115— SALOON and grocery; J living rooms;
rent $14; must sell at once. 821H Howard Bt
WANTED— Contract for purchase of grain from
a brewery. Apply 326 Clementina st.
A SALOON for sale; cheap; prospects good.
254 Brannan st. ¦» '¦<-'¦
GOOD-PAYING 15c barber shop for sale:
cheap. Corner Sixteenth and Market sts.
$60— PORK and delicacy store; living rooms;
rent ti2. 42S Sixth st.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon: fine locs-t» on
downtown: newly fitted up: electric lights:
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $ioo.
WM. HENDKICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
PARTNER wanted In dairy and produce busi-
ness- $200 or $300 will put you In good paying
poeltion. Address J.. box M 59, Call. .
$500— SALOON and boarding house; satisfac-
tory reasons for selling. Apply 127 Golden
Gate aye., cor. Leaven worthy
1 4 CO— PARTNER wanted; good paying estab-
lished business; no experience necessary; trial
Civen. 4S» Geary st.
COAL OIL route for sale, cheap: parties going
away. Apply office Crystal Oil Co.. 312 Capp
st, near Eighteenth.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment Liquor Dealers
Journal. E33H California st. room 1.
SALOON at Third et.. near Market; fine trade,
cheap If sold at once. Apply Liquor Dealers
Journal. KDH California st. room 1.
A PHYSICIAN desires lady partner; one hav-
ing Email capital or suite of rooms of her
cwn preferred. Address box 1650, Call.
$150— PARTNER wanted In old-established of-
fice businets; will clear $75 month to each.
City Business Exchange. 79 Third St.
$1900— SALOON. 200 ft. from the Baldwin: pri-
vate entrance, clubrocms; first-class In every
respect: good business. JONES. E65 Market
BARBER shop for sale; cheap. Apply next to
He". vet's candy store. Fourth Bt. San Rafael.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; large born; best
location; owner going away. Apply Call offlce.
WANTED— A partner, male or female, good
paying business, with $350. 6H Grove st
BARGAIN— Grocery and bar cheap. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. E39^ California St.. room 1.
WANTED— A saloon or jrt -oeery store; must be
cheap for cash. Box 1632. Call offlce.
BRANCH baker?" candy: notion and cigars:
must sell this week. Inquire HIS Market st.
FOR PALE— EI Monte Bakery: SW. cor. B&c-
ramento and Lyon st;. Inquire at premises.
BRANCH bakery and notion store: doing good
business; suitable for bakery. ICO6 Folsom.
DRUGGIST with small capital as partner In
drug store. Box 7543. Call office.
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6. Oakland l'ostoffice.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAPWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
FOIt SALE — A neat restaurant: good location;
i reason*r,!e. Apply at 207 Grant aye.. saloon.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fllimore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open till 9p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hes been established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
TO close estate the etcck of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagons, bussy, carts nnd over 150
eets of harness will be sold at half cost, ns
the business must be closed. 1140 Fclsom at,
near Eighth.
FOR Sale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Eutter at
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wk & driving horses. 35th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons. bupKies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
CARPET DEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with pocr work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN* S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st; tel. South 2SS; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 644.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st; cleaning. Sc per yard; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CON KLIN' B Carpet-beating works, J3S Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The World's Most Famous Medium
I and Clairvoyant
Has removed her offices to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland, Cal.
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "R«\-ealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
•11 diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
sbe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If yon cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail Is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence Is kept eacredly conflden-
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
I Fee $1 and upward.
I Diagnosis Free.
N. B.— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061
Eeventh avenue. East Oakland.
Take the broad-eauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station, the second station from
Broadway.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
_— PROFESSOR MAY! "~"
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
JTe excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; rives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores kit affection; If In doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed In from 3 to 6
months; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours, »' to 8; Sundays, 10 to 2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market: trance,
test, business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; atarop for circular; sittings $1.
j CLAIRYOVANT card reader and palmist: all
you seek to know without questions; readings
this week. 25c, 50c. 230 A Turk St.; satlafac.
DINSMORE.
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings: mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 127 Ellis.
MME. ZEUEDA of. 5 Seventh st Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 23c. _____
MMn. YOUNG'S convincing test circle . to-
night CO5 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
MME HANSON, palmistry. 10o; card reader;
pa*t pre»eut future, 26c 148 Sixth st. r. 13.
T P MATCHETT holds circles every evening. I
o'clock. 10c; reading 50 and 75c 238 Taylor st
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis st; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlcgs daily. 212% Sixth st
YOUR future told by cards. 25c 944 Howard
st. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. .
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 250 up. C Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CrsdIe to grave; future hus-
band'v picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
' COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W.TcELLY'.- Agency: no charge un-
lesK successful. Room 310. -J27 Market St.
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
$6 CS — BAY-WINDO W cottage. C ra. : water free.
Off Crescent aye.; Inquire 64 Sliver st. off 3d.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms, modern Improvements;
sunny yard; cellar. I&S9 O'Farrell st.
SUNNY cottages, A and 6 rooms, basement:
yard: rtable. 1876 Fifteenth st. near Dolores.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
488 GEARY— First-class dressmaker, direct
from Boston, would like engagements: best of
references.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' TaJlorlng School:
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary at; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading »ys-_
" tern; easy payments; evg. classes. . 103 Post
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
ln g.picklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor &. Slu.Tat.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. si HIGGINS* dental parlors. 927
Market Bt, over Cafe Zdnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and moat artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plate* that fit from
$4 60 up: open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates,, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60c: crowns. $3 E0: all work
fialnless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors. U Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar-
ket Bt., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth palnleßsly by his won-
derful eecret method; crowns, $!; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market ft. near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fllllngs a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor* Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fllllngs. 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia: dental
work reas.: painless extraction; hours 9 to I
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Bun-
days. 1001 Market Bt. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Ck
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open eventnirs and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG HOSPITAL^ .
D^TBUZARD : S~Dog~IIo^pitaI, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 750; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. Weat 636.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BuslnesTcollege, 14 Post Bt.. B. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engln-
eering. etc.; new EO-paga catalogue free.-
A SCHOOL in physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and" hygienic bathing .lacllitles:
salt water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. '"The wise for cure on
exercise depend." •
JOSEPH GREVEN. Instructor of several of
our best local talent (a few of them success-
ful teachers thomselves) con develop beauti-
ful, strong voices from the smallest and
faultiest In short time. 1236 Market Bt, r. 121.
BOOKKEEPING— Neither time nor money
wasted: most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year (jot positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech. survey, assay, archl.; day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 833 Market
MANDOLIN and guitar thoroughly taught; rea-
sonable. 733 Guerrero st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission; best methods,reBUlts.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFllippe's Acad-
emy of languages, 32o Post;est.lS7l:ableat profs.
PLVNO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at; life
scholarship, $50; t send for catalogue.
CLASSES in German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. Q. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce.
No -0 Geary Bt, established over 6 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st, near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, 421 Post Bt: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
NEAT capable girl desires situation; good cook
nnd houseworker: 2 years la*>t place. Apply
to MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter et
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by reliable
middle-aged woman In a small family of
adults- Is a good plain cook and careful man-
ager. Box 2672. Call Offlce.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as first-
class cook; understands German cooking. Call
20 Middle St.. off California, bet. Webster and
Flllmore. '
A COMPETENT German girl wishes a position
in private family as flrst-class German and
American cook: would assist In light house-
work; wages $25. 1105 Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS cook wants work; eight hours a
day; In boarding-house or large private family;
wa ge3 $15. Address 2409 Clay Bt. rear.
YOUNG woman with a child wishes housekeep-
ing position, city or country. Call at 7I3V_
Bush st. rear.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as nurse;
good in confinement or any other sickness;
best of references. Call at 108H Fell St.. city.
DRESSMAKER and thorough fitter on tailor
suits wants engagement; $1 50 a day. 244 Tay-
lor st.
COMPETENT woman wants washing by the
day: reference?. 3355 Mlßßlon Bt.. opp. 30th.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse wlsheß position
In fine family. Address C. H. G., 311 Mason st
YOUNG German girl desires place to do general
housework. Add. 1423 Seventh aye.. South S. F.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Apply 532
Eddy st
REFINED middle-aged German wishes situa-
tion In family; la a good cook; will asslat- In
housework, city or county. Address 837H
Tenth St., or box 2670, Call offlce. ¦¦-.
COMPETENT colored woman with references
wishes a situation as cook. In city or out,
hotel, boarding-house or restaurant Apply at
22.ji£ Bush st, room 14.
YOUNG girl lately from Germany wishes posi-
tion: family having no small children pre-
ferred. Apply 1512 Paclflc aye.
YOUNG lady desires upstairs work and plain
EKWIng; Is also willing to assist with other
housework. Address D. E., box 2C60, Call.
YOUNG lady wishes to asslet In dentist's or
doctor's, ofllce. Address L. P., 1066 Poplar at,
Oakland.
ELDERLY German lady seeks employment as
seamstress, either at home or In families. 10
Calllngwood st '-. ¦:
NEAT, willing girl wishes position to do house-
work and plain cooking in a small family;
wages $15. Address box 2G6SS, Call.
AT once; lady ot education and culture would
like a position as copyist or companion; good
seamstress. Box 2701, Call office, Oakland.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework or would take care t.f an Invalid;
city or country. Add. 901 Folnom at, cor. 6th.
YOUNO lady trained nurse would like steady
position as nurse and companion -to Invalid;
very best references. Box 2639, Call offlce.
YOUNG lady wishes position as housekeeper;
city or country. 29 Eddy st, room 29, 2d floor.
RESPECTABLE! young lady, good references,
speaking German and English fluently, wishes
a position as ladles' maid or care of grown
children to travel to Europe. Call 2 to 6,
1431 Polk st
YOUNG lady desires a position as stenographer;
references: wages no object. Box 2643, Call.
GOOD laundress wants family washing to do
al her own home. 615 McAllister st. entrance
on Ash aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 71Umore st
A BRANCH offlce" for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
' tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubscriptlons lias been established at the
nerthwest comer cf Twenty-se<^>nd and Ken-
tucky Fts.: onen until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
VERY reliable man wants position as Janitor
or watchman, or at a private place, either
Indoor work or as coachman: has an extra-
ordinarily good reference; i« honesty. Indus-
trious and willing. W. WILLIAMS. 704 ft
Mission st.
JAPANESE, good cook, speaks English freely
and understands general housework, wants
position In city or country. Address FRANK,
Japanese Y. M. C. A.. 121 Halght st.
MARRIED man wishes a situation as day or
night watchman; good reference. Address
box 2680, Call offlce. :,.
MARRIED man. steady and reliable, wants
work of any kind. A. 8., box 2C73, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Situation as gardener (flower),
greenhouse, propagation, etc.; also outside
work; reference given. Box 2677, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED German waiter desires posi-
tion; city or country. Box 2675, Call office.
BOY wants position as errand or bell boy. Ap-
ply 1011 Minna gt, near Eleventh.
SITUATION by kitchen man who can cook
some and do all kinds of kitchen Wo *; k: T> w ' U
work for reasonable wages. Address b. irui.-
TER. box 2638. Call. -
BARKEEPER; first-class experienced man;
best city references. Address letters G. JJ.,
209 Valencia st. ¦
ARTISTIC baker, pastry cook; city or country.
ULRICH. 743 Howard Bt. tel. Jesale 1544.
ENGINEER with first-class license wants po-
sition; city or country. Address box 2605. Call.
WANTED— Young man as waiter. New Wash-
Ington Hotel. Fourth and Harrison sts.
WANTED— By man and wife, place on ranch;
man is good all-round ranchman; good work-
ing foreman; care of horses, cows and stock;
can run an engine; wife n good ranch cook;
have etout boy, age 11; plrl of 13. good willing
. worker; does the work of a girl of 1«;
country people, practical and saving; Cali-
fornia experience; wages, man $26, woman »5
per month. Address box 2642, Call Offlce.
WANTED— Situation as coachman and gar-
dener or foreman on fruit ranch; competent
in every kind of orchard and vineyard work;
general gardening; extensive California ex-
perience. Address Decbentfs Nursery, 14
Point Lobos aye. ; telephone Jackson 623.
SITUATION wanted by young single man.
age 30 years; first-class grower of roses,
carnations and chrysanthemums and good
propagator; ten years in last position;
from the East; could fill a private place:
best reference. CHAS A. BRUNGER. Bell
Conservatory Company, Sacramento. Cal.
YOUNO man. German, would like work of
any kind; can drive horses Rnd is well ac-
3ualnted wtth city: has good references. Ad-
ress C. H.. box 2649. Call. .
SITUATION wanted by young man at house-
cleaning by the day. or any other kind of
work: small w-.ces expected. ANDERSEN,
952 Bush st
YOUNG man. 21 years old. wishes position In
drug store; has had experience and is sober
and Industrious; wages small. Box 2613, Can.
BARTENDER, speaks German and Is a very
good mixer, wishes position in city or coun-
try; hotel or saloon; beat of references. Box
8641. Call.
A PHARMACIST wants position In drug store.
Noth?rn California. Address Drugs, box
1657, Call.
EXPERIENCED cook wants situation; city or
country; latter preferred; references. 615 Mc-
Allister St., entrance on Ash aye.
BUTLER or cook by Japanese: expert at both
lines. JAPANESE, box 2633 Call.
A NEAT Japanese 'speaks English fluently)
wishes oosltlon In offlce or 6tore; references.
Box 2627. Call.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, typewriter and
general office man; Al references furnished.
Address box 354. Call office^
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C— ll branch offlce. 2220 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEO. MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market St.: examination free; German
eyewater by mail, 60c. Phone. Mint 257. §
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath: modern improve-
ments; rent reasonable. 224 North Wlllard Bt
FOR adults, 4 comfortable rooms; bath, toilet,
coal and gas Btoves; all necessaries. 1917
Geary st
IF you want to mow get printed lUt flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view. 36 Scott st.
RINGOLD, 29. between Folsom and Harrison-
Flat of 3 large rooms; rent $S.
SUTTER. 2620%— Sunny upper flat • rooms,
bath: modern: rent $25.
TO LET— Modern Bunny flat: 7 rooms and bath;
rent $25. Inqutre on premises. 353 Devlsadero
St., corner Oak. » •
$10—527 GROVE Bt.; 4 large rooms, yard; be-
tween Laguna and Octavla.
$10— SUNNY cottage of 3 rooms. 134 Rose aye..
between Goueh and Octavla sts.
$20— A NlCE 'upper flat of 7 rooms and bath;
Just renovated. 1627 Devlsadero at. bet Post
and Sutler. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 CO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Marifet
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard;.3ox6o Inch rugs,
11. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
st. near Broadway: oppn evenlncs.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
CHAS LEVY buys your . furniture : carpets,
piano. 1135 Market at; telephone Jessie 761.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. SSSI.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
FOR a flrst-class Investment security, 6 per
cent guaranteed nnd extra profits; something
new and safe that people really want; this Is
you r opportunity. 14 Mills bldg.. 6th floor. •
HARPER Sc BROTHERS' sub&crlptlon works
have never been pushed here: splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors: entire line. J. N.
ODELL, 206 Kearny st.
AGENTS, ladies and gentlemen, to sell Colum-
bia and guitar zithers In each county In Call-
fornla. CHAS. AMBROSE. 1517 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST^CLASS~waItresB, restaurant or hotel;
best references. Address or telephone MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter Et.
SWEDISH nurse Kfrl or would do uecond work,
$15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl, 4 years last place. Ap-
ply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman, good cook and houseworker,
city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT IS3
N HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $25; 4 moro waitresses, south,
$20 special rates; 6 waitresses, city and coun-
try, $20: waitress. San Jose, $23; 2 chambfer-
malds, to wait, $20; chambermaid, $18; mother
" end daughter, cook and waitress, small coun-
try hotel, $50: laundress, $25. and assistant.
$20. plain work; 2 fancy ironers, $30.
;....:. FAMILY ORDERS
Woman for cooking and dining-room work,
short distance In the country. $25; cook In
American family, city. »30; cook .and second
girl, same house, city, $25, $15: 2 nurse girls,
city and country: German. French and Amer-
ican second girls, $15,. 520; 4 ranch cooks. $20;
houseglrton ranch. $18; 20 houseglrls, city.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
WANTED— Nursery governess. $25: German or
French lady's maid. $25; Scandinavian second
girl. $30 waitress and parlormaid and waitress
$25; nurse and chambermaid, country, fib; a
nurses and second girls, $20; 4 German and
French second girls, $20; 6 young second girls,
$15: German laundress, $2J: Scandinavian
cook. $33; cook, wash and iron. Jewish
family. $30; we also want about 40 nice girls
for housework. $20 and $25; waitress for coun-
try hotel. $20; 2 restaurant waitresses. $6 a
week: Apply to J. F. CROSETT & Co.. 316
Sutter st. . ¦
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman to do light
housework In a family of three. 60S Capp,
near Twentieth st. ¦
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking.
11 Noe st, near Thirteenth.
WANTED— Two good waitresses at 704 Larkln
st Call to-day after 1 p. m.
NEAT girl to assist In general housework, plain
¦ cooking. Apply 1311 Waller st
YOUNG girl for cooking and housework; wages
from $20 to $25. Call bet. 9 and 2. 2597 Howard.
YOUNG girl for general work In bakery. 783
Halsht st.
APPRENTICE on coats. 335 Bush st
A DINNER waitress and steady waitress
wanted; no Sunday work. 613 Sacramento st.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats. Room
16. Flood bids., cor. Fourth and Market sts.
NEAT young girl; light housework; small fam-
ily; wages $12. 1419 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL for general housework: small family.
1134 Ellis at.
YOUNG girl to do chamberwork In lodjrlng-
. houee: must have referenoes. 139 Poet st. r. a.
FRENCH girl for second work and Bewlng.
Please call In morning, 1193 O'Farrell st
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A^H^U^_Av^K7~s^sT^aiTßafaeir "s«e"Tady
here 10 o'clock: St. Helena $25, Colusa County
. $25, Sausalito $30 and other towns; 10 girls for
housework, $25 and $20; 6 young girls, assist
$10 to ? 15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl for general housework; must be a
good plain cook. Apply 2215 Van Ness aye.,
near Vallejo st ,
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking. 14 or
16 years of age; paid while learning. 625
Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG woman for cooking and downstairs
work; references required. 2607 Flllmore st
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework.
Apply at 2800 Bush st.
APPRENTICES In millinery store at 693 Mo-
Alllster st
GOOD helper for coatmaker: steady work.
THO3. B. KENT. 121 Post st
WANTED— LadIes and gentlemen to work at
home: good salary. 216 V, Sixth tt
GERMAN or Swedish girl to do light house-
work. 328 Eddy at. .>.--i-^
MAKERS wanted. 1323 Stockton st. New York
Millinery. •
GOOD talloress and button-hole makers; steady
work. AD. lIOENIG. 819 Post st
STEADY operators on wrappers: good pay;
power, string work. STEUER *. RUMMELS-
BURG. 109 Battery. .
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and waists;
electric power; steady employment 62 Sixth.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. S6V& Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Fillroore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt n;V .
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky Bts. ; open until 9 p. m. '
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MuSr^Y~_TreaDY....;. PHONE MAIN 6343
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
American choreman, residence on ranch, see
boss here $25 and found
Gardener, Alameda Co $25 and found
Blacksmith, near city $60
Stablemen harness cleaner
16 farm and orchard hands.. s2o and $23 and fd
25 men to cut 4-foot redwood, pine, oak and
madrone, $1 to $1 50 cord, tools and provisions
furnished: also 150 tlemakers . MURRAY &
READY, 634. and 636 Clay Bt
PAINTER for an Institution near city; $40 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63S
Clay st f
CHOREMAN and wife, no objection to one
child, $40 and found, see boss here
Man and wife to work ranch on shares, see
boss here. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 656
Clay st.
BARTENDER, country hotel. $25 and found;
young man to drive butcher wagon; cooks,
city and country, $33 and $40; pantryman,
waiters, etc. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 Geary "it
Hotel Department
Hotel kitchen steward, country, middle-aged
man, $50; young hotel night clerk, $20; French
or Swiss fry cook, country hotel, $60 and fare;
cook, country hotel, $50; meat and pastry
cook, summer resort $70; head, waiter for
Springs. $35. for May; second cook, summer
resort, 15th of March, $60; cook and waiter,
$45 and $25, country restaurant; 8 flrst-class
hotel waiters; night watchman, hotel, $13;
porter, country hotel, $23. ¦
LAUNDRY HELP.
Polisher, Sinclair machine. $12 a week; pol-
isher, country laundry, $50; polisher and
starcher, $30; 2 lroners, hotel laundry, $30.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Teamsters, scraper holders, loaders and
dumproen for coast railroad, Santa Barbara
County, free fare. *
Fifty woodchoppers, different counties, 700
to $1 50 a cord; 10 pruners and grafters, $26
and board ; Z blacksmiths, $2 to $2 SO a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED waiter, country hotol. $35. C. R.
HANSEN & •CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— CIerk and collector for milk route.
$50; 5 woodchoppers, $1 50 and $1 75 cord;
Scandinavian or German .choreman. $15 and
found: flrst-class upholsterer; farmers, prun-
ers, cooks, waiters and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62$ Sacramento st ?.?'¦'•?,
WANTED— Young man not over 20 as night
clerk for country hotel; $20 and found. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st
BARBERS' Protective Union — The only legal
organized union on the coast J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy.. 620 Market, downstair*.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free eroploy-
roent. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — A few good men to operate motion
picture machines and give exhibitions In
churches, school houses and halls in your
own locality; big money con be made; no ex-
perience required. Send this ad and address
Drawer, 146, Chicago.
ADVERTISING solicitor wanted; well ac-
quainted; good appearance; hustler. Box 2676,
Call.
JEWELERS. MS Bush st, third floor, room _
BARBER wanted for steady work. WIL-
LIAM FRITZ. 1128 J Bt. Saoramento.
SMART boys wanted. Palace and Grand Tail-
ors, 17 New Montgomery Bt.
EXPERIENCED salesman for dry roods, drug
and grocery trade. 76 Flood bldir., after 4.
BOY to drive wagon and help in grocery;
wages $3 per week. Box 2C70. Call offlce.
YOUNG man who has worked on coats. 335
. Bush st. v:
BOY for drug store; short hours; state ag«,
wages, etc. Box 2681. Call offlce. :¦ ..-.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
BOY to . learn printing trade, HANCOCK
BROS.'. 635 Market Bt
WANTED— A good waiter. 134 Third st
WANTED — Bootblack for a barber shop. 648
Washington st. below Montgomery. .:-
WANTED — Boy to carry newspapers. Apply
at 213 V& Austin aye., after 2 o'clock p. m.
GOOD dishwasher at 29 Fourth st
WANTED— German second cook. 1534 Ken-
tucky st, Potrero.
2-CIIAIH barber shop that makes salary at 1105
Buchanan, nr. G. G. aye.; bargain; rent $6 50.
FIRST-CLASS halrcutter who understands
hair curllnjr. 24 Geary st.
FIRST-CLAPS buahelman. A. B. Smith Tail-
orlng Co.. 134 Ellis st -
GOOD Industrial agent for debit W. N.
CHAPMAN, 511 Montgomery. 12:30 to 1 p. m.
WANTED — A good cloak salesman; must un-
derstand cloak business thoroughly. Address
box 2648. Call ofllce.
SOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — Partner with small capital In good
paying show business and sell medicine. Call
at' Keystone saloon. Grant aye, and Bush, st
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver and collect:
salary $15 p«r week and expenses. Address
Globe Co.. 723 Chestnut st. Philadelphia, Pa.
GET- your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to-tOo. 662 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d ets.
BARBER shop to let Inquire drug store. 1101
San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesman.
Call upon or address Manager. 927 Market st.
room 622. . ¦
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening class; special Inducement
this season; handsome Illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution in the
world teaching the barber and halrdressing
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches— San Francisco. New York.
St Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and' women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard St.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters tor
ships at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD _: CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 250
per night Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast
dinner or supper: best In city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. m.
A . BRANCH of flee for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038 Va-
lencia st ¦ B— r«-M
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Eto— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
enrts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
827 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers .
CO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market st. bJt. Twelfth and
Brady: also aome fine matched black teams.
SHETLAND pony and cart; rig complete; very
. neat; at a bargain. Address 2707 Laguna st.
LONG body delivery wagon, cood as new. £J0;
horse. $25; horse. $20. 19 City Hall aye.
FOR sale — Gentleman's road horse and bike
bugsry. DALZ.IEL. Vet. Dentist 605 G. G. ay.
HOUSES — LODGING— FOR SALE.
A F_W~OF~DECKER'S BARGAINS!
63 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 $ISOO
24 rooms: north of Market; clears $123.... 900
11-room house on Bush st 430
7-room house: only 150
S3 rooms; rent $40 1300
24 rooms: easy payments $00
5-room flat; new 350
82 rooms; corner: only — 1200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms: on Taylor «t: worth $SOO 4^o
22 rooms: corner; clears $150 ISOO
10-room flat: clears $150 800
Corner on Market: clears "WOO: 104 rooms. 4SOO
Near Call office; worth $2C00; 29 rooms 1200
Mod. house: elev.: clears $500: 84 rooms... 6500
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
63 ROOMS: finest corner In city $3000
120-rooms hotel: big snap 5500
13 rooms; fine and central 4_»
23 rooms; good; central 850
Many others; all sizes, prices and locations.
Paclflc States Realty Co.. 223 PaiTOtt bldg.
BIG bargain: 12- room house: fine central loca-
tion; low rent: paying fine; snap. Pacific
States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott building.
A FINE transient; 37 rooms: clearing $150
monthly; central: big sacrifice: must sell.
Paclflc States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
$3C0— 21 ROOMS; good location; all rented.
$425—22 rooms; all rented: rent $25 a month.
$850—28 rooms; north of Market st; low rent
$950—40 rooms: all rented; rent $73 a month.
$1200—65 rooms: rent $100. BASILE. 3 Eddy st
$400— LODGING-HOUSE: 23 rooms: bargain; on
account of departure. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777% Market Bt. ;
I WANT a well-furnished lodglng-houss of 15
to 25 .rooms; must be reasonable. Address
box 3, Call office.
30-ROOM lodging-house In Stockton for Bale.
Address S. M. PARSONS. 12? Ellis st
$200— FURNITURE 9-room house; Bush, near
Pawell: conveniences. Box 2662. Call. .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage raid.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK Sl CO., 667 Market st
110% Turk: 8 r $47 50 1014 Treat ay., 8 r..518
1345 Howard; 5 r....519 00 | 510 Jones; 6 r $li
GEARY. 101 S. bet Polk and Van Ness aye.—
House. 9 rooms and bath.
HAVES, southwest corner Devlsadero— 3 rooms
and bath; modern Improvements; reasonable.
TO let — Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable In rear; 817
Union st Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. &29
Merchant »t.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOSHUA 11. STALLARD. or WILL
ANN. M. GORDON STALLARD: No. 192-
1472. The finder will please return to bank.
GRAY leather bag containing purse, eyeglasses,
etc.: reward. Return corner Mariposa and
Missouri sts.
ENGLISH pug. Return to 700 Mason and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— GoId watch: engraved B. S. on case.
Return to H3O Paclflc aye.: reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. "' DiCkOHI* ?he~only reliable ladles' phy-
slcian and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office, $3: Bafe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market St., between Ma-
son aad Taylor: hours, 9 to 6.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physl-
clan, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye., has re-
turned from Europe with advanced knowl-
edge: guaranteed treatment $3; safe and re-
liable cure In one day; 15 years' successful
practice In San Francisco; maternity homo;
low fees. 1007H Market gt.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable ladles' physician
and Bpeclalist; home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best core;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st. bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln: hours. 10 to 5. 7to 8. • ' : -
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023*4 Market st
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment $5.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' speclal-
lst; guaranteed treatment at office. $3t safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist 1113 Market
Bt: every case guaranteed; $3 up.
DR. PIERCE. 104 Turk st. the eminent female
specialist: home or office treatment IX
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement 1312 Golden Gate aye..
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st. bet Hyde
and Larkln: hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 113 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th*
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MINES AND MINING.
CAPE NOME rockers. $10; also dry washers for
dry placers. $40. 632 Market at., room 6.
MISCELLANEOUS — -FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOEH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, fhowcates. coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; r.ew and second-
hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-IC2I-1023 Mission
st. above Sixth. .
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 10C3 Mission st
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
Bpecie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st. S. F.. CaL
FOR sale— lo.ooo feet new rubber belting; lead-
ing brands, slightly damaged: utility unim-
paired; EO per cent saving. ROBERT BRAND
& CO.. 621 Third St.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR SALE— Corn beef or fish table; slab 20x30
Inches: also baby buggy, cheap. 14 Mary*
terrace, off Turk, near Larkln st.
FRENCH plate mirror. 6xB. Golden Eagle Ho-
tel. NW. cor. Montgomery and Broadway.
$10— SINGER sewing machine; fine order; must
sell. 677 Natoma Bt, near Seventh.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIOALUPI.
533 Market st, San Francisco.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
PRESENT your- brother that American silver
watch, $6. at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
A ST. BERNARD at 2531 Twenty-fourth st.
near Bryant; worth $50: sell for $10.
16 ELEGANT band uniforms for eale. cheap.
Q. A. FABRIES. 618 Shrader «t.
ANY partlen having. Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
FOR sale— Fox terrier pup, thoroughbred,
cheap. 2721 Sutter st. -
A FIVE-STONE opal ring: price $10; cost $35.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale— Great Dane pups; good pedigree.
Enterprise Hotel, cor. Sixteenth and Folsom.
GENUINE Rlcca mandolin at a bargain.
Plaza Loan Office. 702 Kearny st.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof sate, fi California St.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. manse cure; by all drug-
gists, or Peg Hospital. 610 Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $273; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 613 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill prestos, planers.lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and -cecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st
NEW style Singer sewing. machines: 5 drawers;
oak: complete: cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. Sl6 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.; 417-421 Sacramento st
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AMATEUR musicians to Join select orchestra,
328 Bush at. third floor, room 4.
SCR \P iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
clsco Iron Yard. ?04 Mission Bt
WANTED-To buy a grocery and bar or cigar
stoVe. Address box 2C34. Call office.
GOOD second-fcand piano: must be cheap: cash;
no dealers. Box Ijo2. Call.
~ jFoxe-Tto loan.
second mortgages, estates n Probate Interest
In estates legacies, life Insurance, chattel
mortgages: confidential: advice free. O E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
avoid d<»i_v try all others. t_en see me; $50
to $IOOOTO*6"per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
rases estate? in probate, undivided interests In
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. b32 Market.
ANY amount at * per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d^mort-
gages, undivided interest real estata In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; k« my terms before doing business els*.
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. '*"«'/£ „',,„!
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 546 Ma-ket
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 13 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9. respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 835.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service: money direct; lowest interest Rooms
«8 and 69. Donoho* building. 1170 Market st
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and oa
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
TO salaried men, without collateral or tndorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., J36 Parrott build-
Ing — Men can secure loans on personal note.
AT 14 per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX. <
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par^
rott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $30,000; low«?st rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. US McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you ne»<i
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men, without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Ph»lan building.
3IONEY WANTED.
\VANT to borrow $70CO for 2 years: security,
960 acres In noted fruit section. Capay Valley,
Yolo County: 23 acres In bearing orchard
(apricots and prunes). 3CO acres cultivated in>
grain, balance grazing lands. Box 2609. Call.
WANTED— To borrow $2500 for I years: 10 p«r
cent interest: reliable security. Box 2663. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced pianos)
where th~y can b« exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are Belling new upright
pianos for $9 per month, and soma good pianos
for $3. $4 and $S per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Ktimr
and Sutter sts., San Francisco. ; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st; pianos, organs ami
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible dons to please and satisfy tha
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O' Parrel! st
THE best Is always cheapest The Decker
_ Son Is best Agency at MAUVAIS'. 73)
Market st
A FULL line of pianos and organs, new and
Becond hand, fcr cash or Installments, at
MAUVAIS. 769 Market st
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
CO SLIGHTLY used high and medium gradsj
pianos; special discounts for cash: open Sat.
evenings. Heln- Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
A FEW more pianos will be sold this week for
'Storage, cheap for cash; correspondence solic-
ited: $40 up. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market
PIANOS taken In to rent or sell, free from
storage charges. Room 12, Flood building.
FINE square piano In flrst-class condition;
price re_ sonable. slO Polk st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. agent fos
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ISIS Market st.
FINE Fischer A Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 van Ncsa aye.. nr. Geary st
GOOD upright piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S, 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZv 18
McAllister Bt. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR vfbllns, sithers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— Half of frcnt of store on Market st.
opp. Powell; suitable for phonograph, tailor
parlor, laundry office or gents' furnishing
goods;- rent reasonable. Apply (S3 Market.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Paris, Stockton and Geary sts.— Eleg— nt ns~>
offices and stores.
120— STORE; 2 show windows and S large rooms]
ad>pt»d to any business, 423 Sixth st
PALMISTRY.
ST. GERItAIN College of Palmistry NYerg_r<£
Pres.: reads 1 to 8: by mall $1. 61 J Geary st.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN of good character would like ta
meet honest lady; object, matrimony. Ad-
dress box 2675. Call off.cc.
BARBER wants wife, 23 years of age. to live.
In mining camp. Address PostoCce bom
73.500. Phoenix. Arts.
BELLE— OUDRY ~ '
IS NOT A LADY.
MY wife. BELINDA AGNE3 JACKSON, hav-
lne left my bed and board. I will not b*
responsible for any debts contracted by her
after this date. ANTONE JACKSON.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs; country orders so-*
Uclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market et.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chentlle-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer la
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
A FINE suit to order $10 73 or pants $3 75; our
specialty in remnants allows ns to sell
cheaper than ready made. L. LEMO3.
1117 Market st. bet. 7th and Sth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; 633 Kearny, near Sacta;
also 1644 Market St.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 100 rooms;
:S« to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $4 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the Xsrry.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; It
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st
IF you wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. black 412 X,
FIOER"S sweepers are the best and cheapest
All kinds repaired and for sale at 343 Sutter.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
carpets, old gold; send for him. 508 Kearny.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 8 Eddy st
WANTED— OId gold for manurs;. O. NOLTE
Jeweler, 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
POLYCHROME paper, rich In tone, easy t»
work: low price; sample dozen 4x5 and devel-
cper mailed &c. Cal. Camera Co.. tl Geary.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PARALYSIS; ~~~~~
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORM -
SCROFULA. ECZE&XA: SKIX DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all other have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different from any other treatment.
Write for references. Consultation free
DR. L. J. STRATTON. 607. 6CB and 5C9 !*_».
rott building. (Over the Emporium.) "
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence
1921H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventa.
PROPERTY WAMTEDJ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
10Time— %. :25>4: H. :434; H. 1:14U: mile, 1:40. Good etart. Won easily. Second and third
drlvlns. Winner. W. L. Stanfleld's ch.g. by Apache- Mariru Torlblo blew in by himself
Sliver Tone hard ridden from start. . Gotobed closed strong. Scotch -Plaid faded away In
the stretch. Flamero ruined his reputation. Scratched— Mary Klnsella 10L
Leave Arri-«
Can Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
1 October 15, ¦ . ¦
Week. I Bun- 1593. Sun- I Week
Days. ( days. Destination, days. ( Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:-W ami 1:40 an
l:3Cipm »:30arn Petaluma. «: 05 pm 10:15 am
5:10 pm 6.00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pml (:23 pm
_____
T:3O axo Windsor. 19:S _ra
Healdstnirs.
Lytton.
Oeyserrllls.
>:S0 ptn S:N am Clover a!». f T:C pm 1:3 pm
7:SO am! I Hopland and! I
I g:CO air.f Uklah. f 7:33 paf l:_t pm
1:20 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Gc«r_evUle. 7:35 pm
S:SO frn (:22 pm
7:30 am 1:00 am] Sonoma 10:40 *.a[ S:4O an
(and
»:»ptn 5:9 C pml Glen Ellen. *:C5 pmf frg P~
7:33 am! 1:00 amj SebostopoL 110:49 am! 10:25 am
1:30 pml i:00 pm| | 7:3S pml «:_8 pm
CUiST liniMDN « Broad Knugt).
(ThlrJ and To«nse<:.l Sta)
CREEK ROUTE FERBY.
fnaSU rUT.CI VJ — »:ot c' SnUi SlrMi {C'r.a 5i -
•7:15 ».00 lt.<X)i.M. |1.C3 *2:33 13;^
•1:03 |3:C3 *6::3r.tt.
ruaOilUlS— Tuitiltitimty.— ««:00 8:00 30:03*. ».
tl2=C3 "I:C3 S2:S3 *3::3 tI:S3 -fcCSrja,
3a N»iraik,C'c-i:t«Mi.l!-,.':aii Jow, lVtron,
I}oclt]eTtVch,^autaCnizaii_ Way
btatious »5i.1«»
tSiISp Newark «'ci.!<tt!;>. bsaJom, Kra
Almaderj, FeltoD. 1.. n.Mer Creek.
Santa Civs and Vriucipal Way
BUtfous :... ?H»:i»^a
MtlSpKework. Man Jom. LoaGatoa •!#:_«»*
IlltlSr Hrratcrs' T.xcx irsioo. Sac Jcse »od
WaySutto-s 17»-«>
•liOOi Brnld-, 8-isun, El— lira. V»ci»i_a,
Rmnsey soil Sacr? meets "S:49p
E_<l Elu-riVrtlaiid *7»43»
•713b* MoiUnex.Sanl-in]ca.V_t!eia Naps,
t^lljtrjaaiwl.^anla Co3a *d:l3p
•B:3* a Tbe OTexUntl Li >¦>•<! -Ogdoo. Den.
fer. 01--.!__ i:&ic_7> # Si! 3»
*Si 2«» Bau Juae. I.i»cr_:ore. St<i<:llt.>«,
li.ne, Haaran!c:it,\ riscrr—la.
M.risti;;-. « iiic.\ Ua.l i:i>itf *4a|.lp
•««:3O» *Slllton. Oaii-cana decora Mil.ir
•9:0O» Hsy»Anrs. Nilcssnl Wsy KUttens. *ll:<3*
••:«Oa DaTia. Wcodlasd. K_iihts L-odicz.
Al_rys»i: <», Kr.-Ti.K-. . *7:13r
•9:OO* Atlantis i:iprc3S— Osdoii sod East »«.-43a
•»tO*A Martinez, Tr-CY. I.dU.r- p. Stocktcn,
ll.rivila:..! tfrcsao # 12i13f
•D:o<j» PortCorix trcsno. iltJaTe and Los
Angel— i. # «i43p
• I O:Of> t Talit J». Martini-: an.t Way Stations •0543»
•II:OOa Uayw-rua. KUssa,-.! V.;j Statics. »2:ia»
•1-:«UX Mica, l-iteriaoro. fctoctton, r:a<-»-
Kmto. ?Jendot_. IlauforO, Vinliy
PciterrlJe Mil**
tliAOp Sacnunento l:i?er S»o«n»rTs !*"*•*>»
•a:OOp Hey-arvii. N;its ana Wiy Btations. # 3: 13*
•4:»t«r Murtiae*. Kau Ua-sso, V_ll«jo,
Narrv Calhtosa, K_nta i:osa »»iiaa
'•-i_»r Benlcla. Viie-Tille. .Sacnuuento.
WooiUan.T. KrH.hU LanUlirt.
MaxystUle. Oro»i.:^ «1O: ll*
•4i»O»Slles. Han Jose «u,t Stockton •7:l_p
•S:«OrTb» Owl Limited— Tracy. Fiesoc.
Ba_ersQel<l. M-i ~'ii fcr e ir.t i Car-
bars. Lcs Ad«c1«». •l«:«34
. «3:00p Sursct LUriteU-Ll Ptso. Xcw Or-
leans and E— st elO:l.l»
•.%i3Or Stockton. Merce.l. Fresno «l«il."ir
•3:30T ICrci.iO, llakenuieM. SbiiU I: irl srn,
Lcs Arc- lea, IVniug; El l'_ro.
New Oricacsainl East »SjIS»
•3i3Op Mant- Va Konto— Atlsuillo Express
for Mojito awl Ka.it ••:-l3p
••:«H>F Ilayv-rda, Xilese,ndS-n Josa *2**a>a
tO:^Op Vallojo ¦IZiinp
•fii.-.ur Oriental llii!— Ojilcn and Ka&» »s:aop
}7:OOp Vollrjn. iVrt ( v.v and Way Sta-
tiocs. '»:.-;3r
•BiOsp Oregon and California K»|.rp_...":io.
ram*nt.>. Marjstilto. BsHillufj;
r«Tt:.i.i.l. rnorl 5..1 M..1 nti.l Kant •*•!*»
Second race, fire and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling:
711 Mike Rice 108! 714 Montellad* ICJ
715 Delecta ........ .1C! 714 St. Cuthbert ...10S
670 Storm King ....111 67S Gold Baron ....104
738 Croker 104| ;
Third race, four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
«30 Wardman 115! «3S Grafter IK
(7S2)Lucidia 115' 655 St. Rica 133
... Impromptu 113!
Fourth race, one mile; special sweepstakes
for three-year-olds; JCSO each; !1000 added:
(717) F. W. Brode (T. Burns) 114
(667) Yellowtall (Spencer) 117
60l Advance Guard (Bullman) 117
Fifth race, one and one-sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling:
742 New Moon 101 i 739 Mary Klnsella.. 101
712 Imperious 103 i 730 Slsquoc 83
747 Formero 1051 739 Alicia 87
728 Catastrophe 107 1 740 Brown Prince .. 99
722 Horton 971
Sixth race, seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward; selling:
746' Cormorant 110; 746 Theory 103
747 Del Paso II 110 €38 Novia 105
713 Silver Tone ....107! 733 Headwater 107
741 Pat Morrissey...lo7»
Selections for To-Day.
First race—Rachael C. Choteau, Aborigine.
Second race— St. Cuthbert. Montellade, Storm
King.
Third race— Lucidla. St. Rica, Grafter.
Fourth race — F. W. Brode. Tellowtall. Ad
vance Guard.
Fifth race— Horton, Mary Klnsella, Formero.
Sixth race— Cormorant, Headwater, Pat Mor
rlssey.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 7.— Quiz, the
favorite at twos, made but a sorry show
ins In the Bayonet stakes at a half-mile
to-day, and the prize went to Sad Sam,
against which the liberal price of 20 to 1
was laid. Our Nellie was the only win
ning favorite. The track was sloppy. Re
sults:
Selling, mile heats: First heat— Our Nellie
won, Albert Vale second. Pancharm third.
Time, 1:47.
Second heat— Our Nellie won. Albert Val«
second, Pancharm third. Time. 1:47.
Handicap, steeplechase, short course — Van
Brunt won, Coronatus second, Zufalig third.
Time, 4:41.
Belling; one mile— Voyageur won. Water
crest second. Colonel Frank Waters third.
Time. 1:47%.
The Bayonet stakes; half a mils— Sad Bam
won. Adnoor second. Sackford third. Time.
:52.
Handicap; seven furlongs— Ed Gartland II
won. Strangest second. Knight Banneret third.
Time. I:s2-
Six furlongs— Baraterla won, Frellnghuysen
second. Tildee third. Time. 1:19.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
••CTnr.R:* Mi'iric cotii>ajvt.
(raciric sv-r_x.>
Tt-_l_« ¦»•»«'• j.0.1 nr« duo to rrrlx •«
MAM I'll %M'ls«-C».
(Main line. Foot of Market Stress.)
753. SIXTH - RACE— On* mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse,, $400.
750. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $4W.
7Jf). SECOND RACE— Futurity course: selling; three-year-olds: purs*. fIOO.
Etagea connect at Santa Rosa fer liar* West
fprtr.g-s and White Sulphur Springs; at L.yttort
for Lytton Spring*: at Geysenrtlia (or Skas**
Sprlcys: at Cloverdala for the Geysers; at Hop-
land far Duncan Bprtn*s. Highland Eprirwi.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Spring's. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Fprlcgs. Earatc?- Epricrs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Eprtng-s, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. LJerl«y».
Buck-ell's. Banhedrln Heights. Hullvlll- On-*
Hot Srrl_xs» Mendoclno City. Fort Bran.
WestDort. Usal. Wlllits. Laytonviile. Cum-
mtcKs's. Bell's Springs. Earns. Oisen's. Dyer.
Bcctta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round tris tickets to all polnti
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 600 Market St.. Chrontcl* b!_;.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAJJ.
General Maaajsr. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train acros* the continent.
Cossect:so Tx-ix Leaves Sax Francisco:
5 P.TI. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.JV In time to connect wttn ail limited
\trwitsfor New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco, at 5:33
PVpDFCi p. m. with Palace and Tourist
JXtf* n iv • ' * czn ior Kansas City, St. Louis,
\2\ Chicago and East.
Local trains' between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno,; Ban ford, Visalia, Tatar* DftAn
-ad Ba-eiiJUld. ROAD
SEC YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 623
•PPISCO SOON Market Street. Phone Main
r«l__U 3UUPi IS3I . Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramen'.o,2ol J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa. Clara Street.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Page Eight.
Sues the Railroad.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 7.— Eugenic Tor
res began a suit against the Southern
Pacific Railway Company to-day for 515,
000 damages for th© killing of his child
several months ago.
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
* Dally. f -uuiUr airetited. I Sunday only
ft ci-tan-u only.
4LZs_adan and Tridsja • Tb— rsdajs and BoikUt _
CALIFORNIA NORTfIWESTEfiJTEXCO.
XjHISSISE]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tifcuron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
_BAN FRANCISCSO TO BAN RAFAEfc.
WEEK DAT 3 — 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:35,
1:60. 1:10. •:» p. m. Tnarsdays— Extra tr:t>
at 11: JO p. m. Saturdays— Extra tApa at 1:U
and U:t9 p. m.
SUN-DATS — 3:00. »:K. U a. m.; !:». 1:13.
6:00. 1:20 p. ex
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANdSCSO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO. 7:50. »:SO. 11:10 a. n_: 13:45.
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and t:JS p. m.
EUNDAVS-S:l9, 1:40. 11:19 a. a.; 1:40. 1:49. J:oft.
1:26 p. m.
Bstween San Francisco and Schnetsea Par*
tame schedule- as above.
t«<l»_ Oman View, _cut_ Man rruuci •<¦,>. . io:_ur
*7iOO» Baa Jos* arxl War fct.iti- us (liaw
* A-nadon WeilnssJais oulj) a IiSOT
•»H)«» Ban Jos«. Ties rim-. s.,i,t_ Crix.
' PaolUs lliuit !'-*<> Kubles. ban
f I.nls GMn;-'>, Sntf. Loicso* aiui
rrhiciral Way Stations *4il«r
•l»il»» Pan Josaan 5 Way .SUtinna *B:S3a
•HiSOa Baa JraM auJ Way Htatlons *3>Uor
C t*t43r Sa_ Matro. Usdwood, Menlo Park.
' Palo Alto, SonU Clara. Ban Jus*.
Tres Pise*, bantu Cms. a f 1p«*l
Monterey autl r_:i!'.o Gr0r5...... tlO:ft«a
f -iS»r S_a Jose sad Way Stations *7:30r
flilSr Ean Joseaml Principal Way Station* *9t!3t
?3:00 p Ban Jose and Pri nei pal V.ij Buttons tU:O» *
*s:_Or San Jose au<l Principal Way StaUous 'i;M4
**:3ar Ban Josa aad Waj Stations t"»:O«»
>11»43r San Josa a-.»l Way Stations.... *7i3«»
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACH HOTEL.
W W Chapln, Sacto [Miss M L Follet. do
D D Calkins Tacoma C Matteson, Butt*
A C Bingham Marys'le Mrs Matteson. do
Mrs Bingham. do Cap Thos Couch. Mont
R H Jury, San Mateo J J Bryson. Toronto
J Waterhouse, Oakland Mr » Bryson. do
Sirs Waterhouse, do JJ * B Carothers. do
W F Wakefleld. do (*¦ £* r £"h e JS. &
J A Murphy, Chicago Mrs Carruthers. do
R A Graham, Oregon M J!_*J <5^^ au * hlla '
L Frank. Montana . pj.!,™,. i M a
T* tt rviV \f»^i»r« "¦ * Maglnnis, Lies A
joSin, mS« w H wynian. Portlnd
t t ££}££ ' £$??% T B W" 00 *. Portland
J LSpencer. Chicago Mr . WUcO x. Portland
A Crespl, New York Mrß H c do
G A Archer. St Paul H c M oore. 6an Jose
W M W orcester. NT j c Reed. USA
A W Morrison, Sacto j h Ullman, Chicago
Mrs Morrison, do F F Eayer. Denver
MaJ G G Arthur. USA O Orr, Ventursv
R J Lncey, USA J F Dunne. 8 Fell;*
B F Graham, S Jose Mrs Dunne, do
Edw Dunne, Chicago JA P Jenkins, Sao
Mrs Dunne, Chicago |A. P. Sage, Sacto
W Werthelmer, Dytn A C Kuhn. Ban Jos«
Mrs Werthelmer, do E C Klauber, Chgo
Mose Cohen, Dayton Mrs V A Follett, Sioux
Mrs Cohen Dayton City
E D Porter, Joplln
GRAND HOTEL.
J J Sullivan & w, W H Wyman. Portland
Towle Dr W H Steams It w,
J C Franks, Cal Los Angeles
A Morris, NT RE Watts. Oreaon
T Peekey. Novato F G Curry. Lodl
J N Spence. Suisun M Thompson. Dayton
G Stof tier Jr Sta Cru« D A Madeira, Cal
T S Carroll & w. Cal O W Slmole, Cal
G A Richmond & w, i F Alcer & w. Nevada
Fort Jon«s I C H Ward. Newman
Mrs Richardson. Or ID T Fish, Newman
W J Abraxas, Hanford'A Varbe Sl w, Napa
D J McFall. Nev CltyL W Walker. 8 Rosa
W F Reading. Bodl« P C Coddlngton, Cal
G W Reading. Bodl* V J Rich. San Jot*
E W Gllmon, Los An* C T Gtlger. Hopland
A M V* McCollough.Cal|Dr F E Loomis, low*
C M Hartley & w. Cal! Mrs j s Rawllns, Cal
J Spinney, Fresno ij Rawllns. Cal
J S Staler. Ballant |J F Devendorf. 8 Jose
J M Laury & w, Minn! A F Naber. Stockton
W Pike. Fresno iJ D Bradley. Merced
C W Burroughs & w, IW G Sawyer. 11l
Chicago ]G H Gudeson S Jose
Miss L Burrouph*, Csiw Parker & w, Los An
R Barry. Nevada
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Stewart, Laurel |C Simpson. Pasadena
J Lltheiser, Brandon G Barker, Petaluma
Miss A Luba, PhlladalJ Le Clair. Modesto
Miss Hlmbledriny. N T,C O Fisher & w. N T
J Malci-.d & w. 9 Jose Mrs G Wright. Buffalo
A Hanson. Baltimore P J LechocJi. Manila
J Mlcander. Nevada N G Rude. S Dak
J L Dillon. Los Ans L Trogestad. S Dak
J J Edward, Sacto T J La Blanc. Vallejo
W Chirm, Vallejo I
CBAST 1)1 \ isl«>\ iNjtiim Uaugr}.
(Foot cf riniiiniiuii]
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Martha S. Hooper to Frank P. HooDer. lot
on SE corner of California and DevUadero
streets. E 25 by S 110; $10.
Amelia H. Hamlll to Amelia M. Hamlll. lot
on E line of Lyon street. 100 S of Page, S 25
by E 100; gift.
M. A. and Eugene N. Fritz to John Stierlen.
lot on E line of Clayton street, 198 S of Fred
erick. S 104 by E 101:3; $10.
Harry W. GoodaJl to May H. Jenks. lot on
N line of Washington street, 137:6 E of Spruce,
E 6 by. N 127:SU: $10.
Same to Gustavua Arnold, lot on N line of
Washington street. 142:6 E of Spruce, E 23 by
N 127:S!i; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to P. J.
Riordan, lot 10, block 4, Marion Tract (Hospital
Lot); $10.
Thomas R. and Elizabeth Baanerman to Jo
seph D. Grant, lot on E line of Capp street,
100 N of Twentieth, N 45 by E 122:6; $10.
Ellen T. Crack to Mary Bznitb, lot on N lln«
of Twentieth street, 27:8 W of San Carlos ave
nue, W 37 :€ by N S5; gift.
Charles H. Lonir to Mary E. Long, lot on E
line of York street, 245 N of Twenty-third. N
25 by E 100: rift.
John D. Rohrs to Meta Rohrs, lot on W line
of Guerrero street, 176:6 S of Vale (Twenty
eighth). W 100, S 61:6, E 95, NE 16. N 36:6; gift.
W. H. Perry Lumber and Mill Company to
John Duffey, lot on N line of Jersey street, 100
E of Church, N 114 by W 50, quitclaim deed; $1.
William Kerr Company (bankrupt, by David
Kerr trustee) to Covington Johnson, lot on NW
corner of Battery and Vallejo streets, N 47:6
by W 137:6; J17.53).
Lucy and Edward Schwertn. Emma and Louis
Schnetzler, Evallne Fassold, Augusta and W.
O. Swan and Edward Schwerln to Amelia Aron
son (wife of Abraham), lot on N line of Union
square avenue (Morton street), 206:3 E of Stock
ton, E 22:11 by N 60: $10.
Charles Badaracco to Mary Badaracco, lot on
S line of Pacific street, 47:6 E of Hyde, B
22:6 by S 65: gift.
Thomas and Janet 8. Ross to Bessie M. Ash
ton, lot on W line of First avenue, 200 B 'of
Clement street, 6 25 by W 120; $10.
Bralnard N. and Mary E. Rowley to Solomon
Getz. lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 125 N of
X ptreet. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Bridget Hannon to John Lydon. lot on S line
of Army street, 40 E of California avenue. E
6, S 73, W 5. N 77:10, Preclta Valley lands; $L
Amelia H. Hamlll to John G. Hamlll. lots
1!, 19 and 26. block 2, Academy Tract; gift.
George and Katherine Hauser to Conrad
Toung. lot on W line of Railroad avenue, IS3:OH
SW of Sixteenth street. NW 64:9, SW 25. SB
73:10. N 26:7U, block 26, Case Tract: $10.
John Lydon to Bridget Lydon. lot on NE
line of California avenue. I 8 of Army street.
SE 54. SW 13:6. E 64:8, N 75. W 70:4. Preclta
Valley lands; gift.
Alameda County.
Charlotte Cllft to Hannah White (wife of A.),
let en N line of Third street. 100 W of Brush,
W 25 by N 100, block 100. Oakland; tlO.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Charles M.
Tates. lot on E line of Sherman street. 67.31
S of Paclflc avenue, S S3 by E 107, AlameQa;
$10.
Same to same, lot on N line of Padflc avenue.
116:5 E of Sherman street. E 33:4 by N 150. Ala
meda; $1000.
Kate Miller to Sarah A. Roundy, lot on NW
corner of Paru street and Pacific avenue, N
125 by W 11«. Alameda; $1.
R. A. Holcombe to Julius Alves, lots 8 and 9.
block 4. Haywards Park Homestead Union,
Eden Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Cooptr Medical College (a corporation, owner)
with Thomas W. Butcher (contractor), archi
tects Wright & Sanders— All work for a brick,
concrete and wood structure for a laundry
buiUli-j for tbe Lane Hnsoltal. adjoining hos
pital building on lot on SE corner of Clay and
Webster streets: 52959.
Same owner with same contractor, architect
same — All work for a concrete and Iron struc
ture for engine room for Lane Hospital on
same; (3340.
John Ferguson (owner) with Moller & S&ss
architect A. J. Barnett— Saloon
fixtures, clear store fixtures, wood work of
private rooms, glass and mirror required for
saloon and cigar store in 6-story ar.d base
ment brick building on lot on NW corner of
California and Kearny streets, 601 Kearny;
$1400.
HaJe Bros, (a corporation, owner) with
Joshua Hendy Machine Works (a corporation,
contractor), architects Reid Bros. — Cast iron
work for a 4-story and basement brick store
building on lot on S line of Market street, be
tween Sixth and Seventh, about 7S feet from
Sixth: J2255 50.
xoiAVX — From D*cr_B-_. 13. 13:3. — a E_rr»
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
*-r m, - €67 M »r k «t st_. cpp. Kearny.
rt.WO— Grand cor.. 60 ft_. within block of
Baldwin: positively the cheapest croperty
<dcm-nt<rwr.) In tfce city. *
t_s.ooo— Rare investment: vicinity Powell and
Geary; 4-str>ry brick building: stores and locig-
ir.g-houke above; SC fe«t front.
JT6.soo— Near Eddy and Jones; store and 2«
rtxjras above; Ciodern; pays 7 per cent net.
t:4.Coo— Sixth ft.; 75 feet front; rents $2400
yearly: good building; 4 stores.
t22.MO— Third «.. about 125 feet from Market;
Ftore and lodging-house; terras, hi caeh.
JIS.SCi) — Mission n... near Third; best bargain
cr. Mifsion st. to-<lay.
Slo.OrtO — Grand investment: rents $3^o.
H2.000— SE. ccr. Masoa and Washington; 82-«
_£2:€; make effer.
57650— Six go--d flat*: rents S3GO yearly; down-
trtrn; lov ZC leot fror.t.
KOOO — Post et. ; 3 cood Cats; rents $60; lot
27x11C.
JCOOO — Corner lot near Union Iron Works; 100
_IC<>: fine busint-ss site.
fS2so— Cer. store aad I room Cat; rents J37;
foreclosure.
t::sfr-Two nice flats: rents Jl6 50.
J7LG— 6 roczrj and lot *5x7J ft.
A. M. PPECK £c Co.. C 67 Market St.
• _
6OL Grrrz & brother.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEAD3UARTEHS FOIt Z'ARK LOTS.
JCow fcr a Prosperous Era for San Francisco.
f2OO to J4?o— Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard
and r_rk. Jrcm H to X et.; $5 monthly.
S5OO to fSt*— Choicest lots tn Sunset; streets
f . : ¦ . asd tewered; 110 monthly.
tZ'X to tSOO— Cheapest residence lots In Rich-
mond: easy tert_a. . .-,;.,
JlOO to 1250— Level lots near Misslon-st. elec-
tric car line; cr-Iy Si monthly.
Call for Map* and Diagrams.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER.
BOOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
WALK TO OFFICE. WALK HOME.
Only fTC'-'y:— Two cozy bay-window f.ats. 6
rrv>me and bith each: latest plumbing: 5 man-
tpls; pay well: near Hotel Granada; J47&0 bank
riortsaec at C per c«_t. This is _ very fine bar-
fain, as :t Is very desirable ar._ worth more
money.
H. E. PCEHLMAN. Real Estste Agent.
z:i Montgomery st.
I:SW-BARGAIN: large IH-stcry. high stoop,
bay-window cottage: vestibule entrance; bev-
«ie« plate glass double floors: hanfigomely
raneled 7-foct wide hall, with winding eta'.r-
caee and E^-foot n»we! post; parlor 14x17.
»airsccted dining rocra 12x14; sitting room
fV^xl4: wainscoted extension kitchen 10x11;
c*!llcgs 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster cor-
elces; pantry. c!t«« clcset. etc.; 2 bedrocras
and b«throcm upstairs; 7-foct high cellar ua-
e>r all. wiih <!cuble-dc>or entrance under bay:
let 25x120. with a rustic stable 10x20 at end;
ri.acriificyr.t view: a!i for JIS3O; no agents. J.
W. NEWTON. IZZi :2th aye.. near X St.. Sun-
*et district. I blocks from Golden Gate Park.
MODERN flats— *:¦*:->: containing Z and S rooms
«-»ch; highly decorate- ar.d finished with all
modern conveniences : Gl Waller st., one
btotk frcm EXalgbt and Pierce; easy terms.
F. KELSON. Builder.
FOR ea!e cheap — House cf 5 rocms, conserva-
tory and bath: let 2;x127:€; all street and
eewer work dcr.e: will be sold cheap on ac-
count cf departure. Apply 2CI Waller st.
BoOJ— "A BARGAIN" lot 2€x*9; lmprove-
•nentF; en .'¦'::. :..> St.; income property;
rc_ted 125 per month. Inquire 2254 Bush st.
FOR —ale. cheap— New 2-story houses, 7 rooms;
latest improvements ; Noe ar.d Hill sts.; near
O strict, cars; patent ci_:w_!_.
INQTTRE 142 Fulton et.; fine flats; near City
H_!L within 2 blocks.
REAL ESTATE COCVTRY Kor Sale
;.„ ¦:—3: — 3 ACBES. 1 story, 5-room house, wind
r_l_» tank, barn, S chicken houses, small
bearing orchard; ¦will include 300 '.a>ir.g hens.
1 faors*. hax&ees, cart, plow, harrow, sniail
tools; J_W cash, balance 7 r*r cent Interest;
c_« mil* £ros» postc-Sce. GEO. C. YOUNG,
Petal-ma.
aV_TIaG_; lnooin* over $I_>Q a year; unequaled
location and xaoct raa g-lfl cent orchard hotne
In tie Etate; sacrificed at ££"»; worth $10,0£i0;
frs# of debt, but peculiar circumstances com-
pel sole. N. D. SICKEL&— THE LAND
A.GITST. Vt Oeary. opp. Chroalcle bldg.. S. F.
ROSS YALLET land and home? for sale at re-
duced prices. JAMES TUN STEAD. San Ra-
faeL
2. W. HORN, til Main St.. Petaluma; real es-
tat* asd thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
lor fre* list of Sonoma County bargains.
CHEAPEST and b*«t la America— The Weekly
CallT X Paces, sent to any addrees In the
frited States cr Canada on*- year for 11.
pogt-re paid.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
CaLIFOP_S*IA. t_3— Suncy room; 1 or 2 gentle-
r-en; breakfast if desired; private family;
references exchanged.
CLASSIFIED afivertlsemems end subscriptions
received at Coil branch efSc». 2200 Killrcore st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Complete: y furnished rooms
for housekeeping; reasonable.
ELLIS. U:S— Two u_furr.:s:;^ rooms; sunny;
grate aid closets; light housekeeping.
FIFTH. S'S — Doable parlor*, kitchen and bath. '
furc_fcb6d, I: ; also 3. $13; con., single, (4 up.
FIFTH. Z23 — Nswly furnished rooms for house-
eepl-g.
FOLSOM. US*— S iur.r.y rooms, complete fcr
ha.ee- eeg:r.g.
FtTLTON. 121 1 * — Two fror.t tunny furnished j
rooms; ran*?, water and yard; also unfur- i
r.lited; rent K0 to $12.
GOLDEN GATK. 404— Complete and well-fur-
r.ished housekeeping rocrns; gas range, bath;
J-.2 50 to t2O.
GOLDEN GATE Aye.. 7S«— F"-raiF_e_ rooms:
light fcoasekeerS"g; privilege of kitchen and
r«rior; 17 _r.d tS. i
GOLDEN GATE aye., 14C4— Large runny front !
ruox; ft; housekeeping; bath.
HARRISON, €76— Three Dice eunny rooms for !
houfp)ce<>jv;r.£.
HARRISON. ~1---Kror.t and back parlor, fur- '¦
rishci complete for housekeeping; large yard;
rent 113. |
HOWARD, 704. cor. Third— Neatly furnished '
rooms; also housekeeping; reasonable.
LARKIN. 1112— Neatly furnished front alcove
suite; gas. bath, phone. .
LEWIS, 1? eflf Taylor, near Prut— Larr» room
an-1 k;tch*_; newly papered: tS.
MARKET. T*T?— Two rooms unfurnished or
partly furclshed; $5 per menth. |
MAHKKT. If 24— Nice eery room; sun; large j
closet; telephone; r«*nt SS.
THIRD. 444^—2 furnished rocms and kitchen to j
Jet; ccmr-*te for housekeeping. i
TWO large Bur.ny front rooms for housekeep- j
Jr.g. 4? Tr.-elfth et.
VAN NESS aye, IC2I— A sunny parlor suite.
with kitchen; gas range; piano.
A nitANCII office for Call advertisements an_
fjbscrfril'.cas has been established at 1008 Vi-
lenrla ft.
A HRAXCH office for the reception of adver- |
tisernent* and sufcscrij.tlons has been opened
at ITS Polk »t.; open till » p. m.
A B-U-KCB office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions h_a be<?n e*tab!lshed at the
r.orthwwt corner of Twenty-second and Keu-
tucky rts.: cpen till t p. m.
ROOMS TO LET — Faro, and I nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
2T.c to II P«*r nSpfct: Jl 25 to S5 per week, and
light housekeeping, open all night.
AT Hotel Frsnc'.sco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Ilomellke house: modern service; elevator;
bath: rocras Wte to tl 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 12 Seecnd— Nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms; $1 50 to S2 10 a week.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." SU Bush St.. ad-
joining tfce liuss Hotel; S4 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA. 2J? Post., cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and >:r.r> rocms; hot and cold
water; e>vatcr snd oil conveniences.
BURNETT. 142« Market, st. (cl_ No. 1354)— Fur-
rished rms.. suitef. single: also unfurnished.
CARP.OLLTON, 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Eunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions !
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EDDY. 473— Large eunny room, well furnished;
also FTaall eunny room. t5 per month.
ELLIS. O < orner Larkln— Sunny furnished
room, folding bed: Welsbaca llrtt.
FOLSOM. 9C5, corner Sixth fTbe Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rocms; suites cr single; new mgmt.
FOURTH. nTH~ 'KirctT furnished bay-window
and ring!* rooms: reasonable; quiet.
FRANKLIN. M (Newport Hmise) — Sunny rooms;
bay windows: run. water: gas; Sl 25 to ? 2 to.
GEART. 405 'The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlnh-
-<•. rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GOLDEN" GATE aye. 727— Nicely furnished
front room; private family: reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission us.— Funny rooms, en suite or
single: tadirs' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GRANT av#>.. 21 <Th» Wellington)— A family
rooming house: elegantly furnished rooms:
prates raa. bath, hot and cold water; COc to
tl SO Per day; t- £0 to f 7 per week.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
roomlaf bouse; Jl 10 to »6 per week.
ROOSIS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nforn.
HOWARD. £S4— Neatly furnished sunny frcnt
room; suitable for two gentlemen.
HOWARD. 646— New house: latest improve-
ments; running water in every room.
HOWARD. 629— Clean, respectable; 250-U per
r.igfct; Jl-J3 per week: Howard cars to door.
KEARNY St., near Chronicle— Suite of 2 or 8
elegant r-arlcrs suitable for a club of gentle-
men: rent reasonable. Address box 2623, Call.
LEIDESDORFF. US— Parties seeking a quiet
lodging-house pkase call: recently changed
hands ar.il newly furnished.
MINNA. IS— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, tl p«r week: transient.
MIFSION, 1C&5 — Single rooms, $5; rooms for
two. 88.
MISSION. 1423— 0ne suit* sunny rooms; also
single; reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 418— Quiet sunny furnished rooms;
reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POLK. Cl9— Larre. well furnished room; gas,
prate, bath; private family.
POWKLL. 612. bet. Bush and Pine— Sunny
frcct single room; modern house; bath. etc.
P.OYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandeecent light,
reading room, emcklng room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to Jl 60; week, 32 to
8S; menth. 18 to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hct ar.d cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms
night. 25c to $1; week, {1 25 to J4; cpen night.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 136 — Sur.r.y rooms suitable for two gen-
tlemen: quiet house.
STEVENSON. «20— Sunny front rooms; single or
double; light housekeeping.
THE Oaks. 113 Third— A good rooming house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlserrents and subscriptions has been opened
et 1223 Pcik Et. ; cpen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S8 Va-
lencia St. ¦•--¦vi
1 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky f is. ; open until 9 p. m.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; Bate, reliable: take no other:
tend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
LaJles." In letter by return mail; at drug-
giM«. Chlch^Eter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
OFFICE of the Wittram Propeller Company
will hereafter be located at 226 Market st.,
room IS. F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.
ROOMS papered from J3; whitened. $1 up;
PElnting dcr.e. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BAD tecar.ts ejected for St: collections made;
city or country PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
I 415 M^r.tecmery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. C5lO.
I i
I SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
j _ ,-. r^,-. * _. iju _~— «..
I RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PTETRCE^O^oijP^^tcngZ&r^i M^ving^CoC
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
| OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver- 1
I tiserr.ents and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$50 CASH. 18 50 monthly till paid for; chicken
I run 150x256 feet; candy loam soil; plenty of
pood water; level land; site, climate and soil
the best: no fogs nor cold winds: 3 buildings
now completed; Westall Tract, adjoining East
Oakland: close to electric car line, 90-foot |
boulevard and fine school; price, all told, 8590.
Call or rend for circular: 455 Seventh »t., near
corner Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
HEKBT 2. JONES, owner. .- - - - _ •
BARGAIN— IiIch. modern, Oakland home. Mrs.
E. Ct Foriler. 2429 Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway, Oakland. Adver-
tispmT.ts and xubscriotlons received.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
FRANKLIN. 1427— Sunny rooms: newly fur-
nished; noar to narrow gauge.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tit-p-ments and subscriptions received.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th*
rnraltura dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tls?raents and subscriptions received.
p 1 - rl p B j r -, gXOTICfES. "
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 12 (33 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, en and after Sat-
urday. February 10, 1900. Transfer books
closed on Mcniay, February- 5. 1900. at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
PROPOSALS.
SaTT FRANCISCO. Cal.. February 7. 1909 —
B«>a!«>d I rtipo*als. in triplicate, will be re-
reived her- until 12 o'clock in.. March 9. l? 00.
«rd then opened, for fumiiuiing oats, barley
and bran, for Presidio of San Francisco, CaL,
durinp remainder of fiscal year ending June
"0. IKO. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any and all bids, or any part there-
of. Preference given to articles of domestic
production, conditions of quality and price
• Including In th* rrlce of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion rroiuced en the Pacific Coast to extent
cf cor.surrrtton required by the public service
there Information furnished on application to
J M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster
General. U. S. A.. Chief Quartermaster. !
U. S. ENGINEER Office. Flood buildinr, San
Francisco, Cal.. January 4, 1900 — Sealed pro-
posals for erecting double draw-span bridge,
approaches thereto and piers therefor, acrocs
tidal canal at Frultvale aye., near Alameda,
Cal. will be received here until IJ noon. Feb-
ruary 10. 1900. Information on application.
TV. II HEUER. Major. Engineers.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licensee have been Issued as follows:
Rodney E. Barnett, 1?. £22 Eddy street, and
Mary A. Peyton. 19. 1125 Geary street.
William E. Ames. 34. 204 Ellis street, and
Gertrude Eernard, IS, 43 Langton street.
Ernest C. Shedwill. 27. CO4 Twentieth street,
and Minnie King, 25. 146H Clara street.
Giuseppe Muzio, 23. 23 Alvarado street, and
Giovanna Mondanl. 20. 23 Alvarado street.
Joseph H. Grande. 24. New Orleans, and
Daisy Cole. 20, city.
Alexander Levy, 31, 1538 Ellis street, and
Laura Stense. 22. Dixon.
Hans C. Johnson. 45. 223 Lyon street, and
Tlllle M. Wlnterstein, 47. 323 Lyon street.
George Sterk, ?2, 13 Welch street, and Mary
Bifchl. 22. 734 Vermont street.
" BIRTHS— MARRIASES—DEAfHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COLLINS— In Redwood City, February 5. 1900,
to tbe wife of Dr. Asa W. Collins, a son.
OSWALD— In this city. January IS. 1900, to the
wife of Ignatius Oswald, a son. • : -.
~~~ MARRIED. ~ ~~~
DIXON— MAURER— In this city. February 4.
ISOO, by the RevlNj. D. Hutslnplller. Le Roy
T. Dlxon and Mabel F. Maurer. both of Son
Francisco.
WHITTEN— HOWE— In this city. January 27.
ISOO. by the Rev. 8. D. Hutslnplller. Carlton
F. Whitten and Carrie M. Howe, both of San
Francisco. "
___ __
Alt. Joseph Lintner. Barbara
Bruckman. Hattie S. McMenomy, Thos. O.
IJuckley. Mrs. Julia Mahoney. Stephen
Carson. Catherine Marinan. John J.
Dalton. George A. Messtna. Rosa
Donahoe. Owen O'Neill, Edward W.
Fogarty. William Phelan. Alice
Gabarino. Rose Putzker. Bruno Z_
Gordon. Mrs. Maggie Reene, Margaret
Oreenberg. Sam Roberts, James H.
Gudmundson, Carle Sargent. Elizabeth R.
Kemp. William Hermann, Morris L.
Kenney, Catherine Slevln. Richard
- Klttler. Teresa Sullivan. Edmund F.
Laujardiere. Gustave Sweeney, Margaret A.
Lawrence. Ellen
ALT— In this city. February (. 1900, Joseph.
beloved son of Margaretha end the late Chris-
topher Alt, and brother of Mrs. F. Thornhlll,
Mrs. O. Boynton and the late Bernard Alt, a
native of Brooklyn. N. V.. aged 37 years and
5 months. A member of California Castle No.
I. Knights of the Golden Eagle.
o_y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 719 Bay street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
BRUCKMAN— In Oakland. February 6 1500.
Hattie Sweet, beloved wife of Chris Bruck»
man, mother of Frederick and Richard
Bruckman, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. R. W.
Swset. and sister of Mary 1.. Richard W..
Bertha 8.. William W. and Mahlone E.
Sweet, aged 24 years and 5 days. (Cincinnati^.
Chicago and Los Angeles papers please copy.)
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1244 Adeline street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
BUCKLETY-In this city. February 6, 1900. at
the residence of . her niece. Mrs. James \\ .
Lunny Jr.. 814 Florida street. Mrs. Julia
Buckley, beloved aunt of Mrs. James W.
Lunny Jr. and Mrs. Harry Pierce, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 63 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at B:3U o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her niece. Mrs. J. W. Lunny Jr.,
Sl4 Florida street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a solemn requiem high macs
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CARSON— In this city. February 6, 1900. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of William Carson, a na-
tive of Dublin. Ireland, aged 26 years.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 153 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated fcr the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DALTON— In Mlddletown, Lake County. Janu-
ary 20, 1900, George A., dearly beloved hus-
band of Daisy Dalton. son of Edward and
Myra Dalton, and brother of Peter E. and
Irwln W. Dalton, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years 4 months and 21 days.
DONAHOE— In this city, February 6, 1900,
Owen Donahoe, a native of County Longford,
Ireland, aged S6 years.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1309 California street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass will
be said for .the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
FOGARTY— KiIIed in action in Manila. P. 1.,
March 25, IS9S, William Fogarty. sergeant
Battery X, Third United States Artillery, be-
loved brother of Mrs. R. Luby and the late
Thomas Fccarty, nephew of Mrs. P. Hay-
den, and cousin of James, John, Mary apa
the late Martin Hayden, a native of Cashel.
County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 4S years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for tbe repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Drtvate. in
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GABARINO— In this city. February 5, 1900.
Hose Gabarino. beloved wife of John Gabar-
ino. and mother of Lulu, Stella and Albert
Gabaiino, a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years 3 months and 20 days. A member of
Artemus Circle, C O. F.
E7"Frlen<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to Foresters' Hall. 120.O > F_rrell
street where services will be held under the
auspices of Artemus Circle No. 120. C. O. F.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ARTEMUB Circle No. 120. C. O. F.— Of fleers
and members of Artemus Circle No. 120. C.
O. F.. are hereby notified to attend the fu-
neral of our late companion, Mrs. Roee Ga-
barino.
GORDON— In this city, February 7. 1900, Mrs.
Maggie Gordon, wife of Pat Gordon, mother
of Louise Gordon, and sister of Mrs. Kate
Daly, Mrs. Lou Flynn and Pat and Johnnie
Conolly.
GREENBERG— In this city. February 8, 1900,
Sam Greenberg, a native of Rusßla, aged S3
years.
CTTrlcnds are reepectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of N. Gray
6 Co.. 841 Sacramento street, thence by the
3:30 o'clock train from Third and Towasend
streets. Interment Salem Cemetery.
GUDMUNDSON— In this city. February 7. 1900,
Carle Gudmundson. beloved wife cf S. F.
Gudmundson, and mother of Roy B. and
Grace R. Gudmundson. a native of Sweden,
aged SE years.
KEMP— In this city. February 4. 1900, Wil-
liam Kemp, a native of Maine, aged 67 years.
(Maine papers please copy.)
E_r Friends and acquaintances and Long-
shore Lumbermen's Protective Association
I are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
1 this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 11 J Geary
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KEKNEY— In thl_ city. February 8, 1900, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Patrick Kenney, and
mother of the late James F. Kenney. Mrs.
P. H. McVey ar.d Mrs. D. J. Leary. a native
of County Roscommon. Ireland.
CjTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. D. J. Leary. 61S Oak
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KITTEER— In this city. February 6. ISOO.
Teresa, beloved mother of William Klttler.
a native of Germany, aged S2 years.
C_7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor 4; Co., 767 Mlsulon street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LAUJARDIERE— In this city. February 8. 1900,
Gustave, beloved husband of Mary Laujar-
diere, father of Fannie Laujardiere, son of
Josephine Laujardiere, and brother of Addle
and Eugene Laujardiere. a native of Louis-
lana, aged 31 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McMenomey & Son, 1057
Mission street, near Seventh, thence to Notre
Daxne dcs Vlctolres Church for sen-Ices.
LAWRENCE— Entered Into rest. In Alameda,
February 6, 1900, Ellen, beloved wife of Jo-
seph Lawrence, and mother of Mac I. and
Eveline Lawrence, a native cf County Ros-
common, Ireland, aged 44 years 6 months and
4 days. (Jersey City papers please copy.)
ET'Friends and acquaintances are rerpect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1214 McPhen»on street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church at 10 o'clock, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be held for the
repose of her soul. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
LINTNER— In South San Francisco. February
fi, 1900, Barbara LlntKer. stepmother of Se-
bastian Llr.tner. a native of Baden. Ger-
many, asred 88 years 2 months and 22 days.
(Chicago and Blue Island papers please copy.)
IET-The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and ElKhth. Interment pri-
vate.
McMENOMY— In Oakland, February 7. 1900,
Thomas G., beloved son of Captain J. H. and
Lydia McMenomy, and brother of Mrs. John
J. O'Rourke and John W.. George S., Walter
F. and the late Lydia McMenomy. a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years and 3 months.
A member of Company N, League of the
Cross Cadets.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, corner cf San Pablo avenue
and Crawford street, thence to St. Columba's
Church where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:80 o'clock. Interment Et
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MAHONEY— In this city, February 8, 1300
Stephen, beloved husband of the late Mary
Mahoney. and father of James. William, Jo-
seph and Roee Mahoney and Mrs. J. T. Lane
a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
{C7"Th» funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARINAN— In this city. February 7, 1900
John Joseph, beloved son of Martin and An-
nie E. Marinan, and loving grandson of John
H. and Margaret Marron, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years.
MESSINA— In Oakland. February 7, 1900, Rosa
Messina, beloved wife cf Lulsl Messina, and
mother of John and Mary Messina, a native
of Italy, aged 42 years. (Placervllle papers
please copy.)
{ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
O'NEILL— In this city February 8, 19C0. Ed-
ward W.. beloved hut-band of Mary E
O'Neill, father of Joseph and Mary ONelll'
beloved son of Patrick and Mary O'Neill'
brother of Thomas. Frank. PhlllD. Walter'
Robert. Eugene, Alfred and Mamie O'Neill'
and son-in-law of Edmond Foley, a native of
Fan Francisco, aged 30 years 7 months and
2 ddys.
fETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1315 Montgomery street, thence to St
Francis Church, where a solemn requieni
macs will be celebrated for the repose of his
eoul. commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHELAN— In this city, February 6. ISOO Alice
Pheftin, widow of the late James Phelan and
mother of Mrs. Frank Sullivan. James D
Phelan and Miss Mary L. Phelan. a native of
Stradbally, Queens County. Ireland, aged 73
years.
E7"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o clock, from St. Ignatius
Church. Interment private, in Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PUTZKER— In Manila, P. 1., February 12 1899
Bruno Lane, beloved son of Professor Albln
' and Caroline Putzker. a native of Berkeley
aged 18 years 11 months and 10 days.
REENE— In this city. February 3, 1900 Mar-
garet, beloved mother of Daniel and Edward
Reene. a native of Bandon. County Cork
Ireland. . '
HENRY J GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAUIER3,
to Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
ROBERTS— In this city. February 6, 1900,
James H. Roberts, husband of Annie V. Rob-
erts, and brother of Mrs. Annis Bride. Mrs.
M. A. Connelly and the late John C. Roberts,
a native of New York, aged? 51 years.
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 9
o'clock, from the residence or Mrs. M. A.
Connelly, 417 Larkln street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will celebrated at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SARGENT— The funeral of the late Elizabeth
R. C. Sargent will take place at the family
residence, 1630 Folsom street, northwest cor-
ner of Thirteenth, to-morrow (Friday), at 11
o'clock. Friends are invited to attend the
services at the house. The Interment will be
private.
SEEMANN— KiIIed In action in Manila, Febru-
ary 6, 1899. Morris L... beloved son of H. O.
Seemann, and brother of Christian and Otto
Seemann, Mrs. C. Helfeker and Mrs. Chr.
Jensen, a native of Greenaa. Denmark, aged
20 years 9 months and 26 days.
SLEVIN— In this city, February 7, 1900. Rich-
ard Hlevin. a native of Ireland, aged 35
years.
SULLIVAN— In this city, February 7, ISOO, Ed-
mund Francis, dearly beloved son of Daniel
and Annie Sullivan, and brother of Daniel
W., Jennie E., John P. and Mary Irene Sulli-
van, r native of San FTancisco, a*ed 8 years
3 months and 6 days.
tT_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 632 Page street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, corner of Flllmore and
Fell streets, for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
SWEENEY— In this city, February 6, 1900,
Margaret Agnes Sweeney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years 11 months and 6
day 8. _-_____-_-__
SENSATIONAL
RACE TO-DAY
AT OAKLAND
Yellowtail, F. W. Brode
and Advance Guard Meet. •
Three Choices Win.
All Impediments have been removed,
and the flower of the Western three-year
old division will battle for supremacy
over Oakland track this afternoon. The
affair will be a sweepstakes of $250 each,
with 51000 added by the California Jockey
Club, and the distance one mile. 'F. W.
Brode will represent J. F. Schorr & Son,
carrying 114 pounds and Tommy Burns;
Foster & Hackett will bank theirs on the
$10,000 wonder Yellowtall, with Spencer,
the "iceman," and 117 pounds up, while
the Canadian firm of Carruthers &
Shields start Advance Guard, 117 pounds,
piloted by John Bullman.
The race has been the leading toplo
among turfmen for some days, and on
Tuesday almost fell through owing to a
misunderstanding as to which owner
was entitled to the services of Spencer.
Both Alex Shields and Fred Foster
wanted the "Iceman." but when Burns
was reinstated Owner Shields conceded a
point, engaging Bullman. In all proba
bility Yellowtall will go to the post
favorite, as he has been working great
guns, and has already beaten F. W.
Brode. Still the latter is a vastly im
proved colt and will take more beating
now. Advance Guard made such a splen
did showing in the Turf Congress stake,
when downed but a head for show honors
by Zoroaster, that he will not lack friends.
It promises to be the swagger betting
event of the racing season.
The sport yesterday resulted In some
mixed returns, three choices, two out
siders and a second choice capturing
purses. The track is again in very fast
condition. _ " ...
T. Walsh landed the first purse with
Katie Gibbons, a 7 to 1 chance. The dis
tance was six furlongs, and Rio Chlco
had a pronounced call in the betting.
Dan Honig's mare made all the running,
and with something to spare, led the
favorite out a length In 1:14*4. Jack Mc-
Cabe. a 30 to 1 shot, ran a good third.
Looking lean and gaunt. Southern Girl,
with Bullman in the saddle, was sent to
the post a 1 to 2 choice for the sprint over
the Futurity course. Ridden hard from
the jump, she held I- B. McWhirter safe
at the finish, winning by a length. Bam
boulla lost the show to Saul of Tarsus.
After being backed for a good thing on
two occasions Florabird finally won a race
for the Shulte people. Second choice to
Essence in the third event, the Florist
colt downed the 30 to 1 shot Silver Bullion
a head, driving hard. Bullman on Es
sence found himself pocketed at the start,
and after a perilous trip, during which he
was sadly buffeted about, finished third.
The mile and a sixteenth selling affair
fell to David Tenny, the favorite. Bull
man rushed the sturdy little horse to the
front fwhen half the distance had been
covered, and at the stand Tenny was rid
den out to beat imp. Clonsilla half a
length. Jack Martin, on the latter mare,
rode a vexy poor race, or she might have
reversed the decision. Jones finished third
with ,Don Luis. .
Equal choice in the betting on the fifth
number with Harry Thoburn, Foster &
Hackett's mare Peace won all the way.
Spencer on Harry Thoburn rode a very
slouchy sort of a race, circumnavigating
the bunch in time to finish third, five
lengths behind Pomplno.
With 8 and 10 to 1 against his chances
Toribio was never headed in the final mile
selling run. Silver Tone took the place,
while Scotch Plaid, the favorite, ran
fourth.
Track Notes.
T. "Walsh carried off the riding honors
by piloting three winners. Bullman was
a close second with two wins to his
credit.
A. B. Spreckels, owner of Aptos stock
farm has named the suckling colt by
Searchlight (2:03%) from Hulda (2:oS**),
Lyddite. If he proves as powerful a fac
tor In racing as the explosive after which
he is named is in warfare the youngster
should some day be heard of down the
grand circuit.
Conley was suspended pending an in
vestigation into the showing made by Red
Pirate. From all accounts the chestnut
has the reputation of being a "dope"
horse and a notorious in and outer. In
his races run in California he has been
far from a consistent performer, and be
fore the colored boy's livelihood is taken
away these things should bo considered.
If Spencer puts up as good a ride to-day
on Yellowtall as he did yesterday astride
Harry Thoburn the big fellow ought to
be a 30 to 1 shot
To -Day's Entries.
First race, seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
737 Choteau 112 730 Rachael C 107
737 The Echo 107 729 Aborigine 109
719 Rlxford 103
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900, by H. H. Erbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, February 7. 1900— Weather fine. Track fast.
745. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Time— H, :24H: hi. :O; *i. I:l4ft Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner. D. A. Home's b. m. by Buckmaster-LAdy Winston. Winner was apparently the best.
Sallle Goodwin found the pace too warm. Faversham has lost form. Scratched— Naples 102.
Synia 10!. v _^ > _ v _ v _____ -_-^~^_--. _--¦'
Ti me To V 4, :21?i: to %, :45H; last %, 1:01; short %, 1:11. Good start. Won all out. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by Free Knight-Sarah Davis.
Southern Girl had no leisure moments. She pulled up lame. Saul seems to lack game
ncsn Bamboulla stopped In the stretch.
Ttme..U :24»i; V 4. :50; %. 1:15. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, W. F. Schulte'a
b c by Florist-Canary. Florablrd caw all the slehts. Bullion would have won In a few
strides more. Essence had a very noisy time, getting In half a dozen scrimmages. Sun
ello also struck much rough weather. Scratched— Mildred Hughes 107, Summer 112.
7.11. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth: selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Time— l-16 TO7; 5-16. :32; 9-16, :56U; 12-16. 1:22; m. 1:41; 1 l-16m. 1:4T«4. Bad start. Won
first three driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. h. by Tenny-Mamie B. With good
handling Clonsllla ¦would have won. Martin rode with ridiculous Judgment. Red Pirate
quit early. Scratched— Los Prietos 101, Coda 100. Tom Calvert 111, Delecta 94. Grey
liUrSt 101. i-tA*v^i^_-_^_/--_--_-_^ nnr.nr,nr.^- — 1— — _ '.
BAILED.
Wednesday. February 7.
Btmr Cleone. Madsen. Caaoar.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 7— Br bark !
Troneate. from Vancouver.
Sailed outward Feb 6 — Schr Esther Buhne.
from Port Hadlock. for San Francisco.
In bay Feb 6— Bark Coryuhene, from Oyster
Bay, for Honolulu.
PORT GAMPLE— SaiIed Feb 7— Ship John A
Brlg-ps. for Philadelphia.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr City of
Seattle, from Juneau, in tow.
Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Willamette, for Ban Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr N'oyo,
hence Feb -6.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed Feb I—Strar Aloha,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Barbound Feb 7— Stmr Empire.
Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Arcata. hence Feb 4.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb «— Schr Meteor.
from Port Ludlow; schr Lizzie Vance, from
Seattle. Feb 7— Schr Twilight, from Grays
Harbor; schrs Sadie and Louise, from Imp
Qua: schr Albert Meyer, from Seattle; stmr
Rival, from Usal.
Sailed Feb 7— Stmr San Pedro, for Ban Fran
cisco: stmr Newbunr. for San Francisco*
ASTORIA— SaiIed Feb 7— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; stmr Despatch, for
San Francisco; stmr Georce W Elder, for Saa
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb »— Schr Allen A. from
Honolulu. Feb 7— Stmr Rath, hence Feb 5;
stmr Navarro, hence Feb 5.
Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro;
stmr Samoa, for Ean Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 7— Br ship Olaadoon.
for Liverpool.
USAL— Silled Feb 7— Stmr Laella, for Saa
Pedro.
MENDOCINO — Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived Fab 7— Ship
John A Brig/cs. from Port Gambia; schr Win-
Blow, from Tacoma.
Sailed Feb 7— Bark Kate Davenport, far Saa
Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb «— Stmr Allloaca.
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Feb 7— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Hongkong.
ADELAIDE— Arrived orior to Feb •— Ship
Marion Ch'.lcott. from Chemalnu*.
GUAYAQUIL— SaiIed Jan 50— Ger stmr Tanls.
for Ham burr-
SYDNEY— SaiIed Feb *— Br stmr Aoransi. for
Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Feb 7 — Jep atmr
America Maru. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON*— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Aller.
from New York, for Bremen; stmr 6t Loois.
from New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, for Hambunc.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 7— Stmr Foerst
Bismarck, from Genoa and Xaoles.
75i». FIFTH RACE— Six furlong?; selllnx; four-year-olds and up; purse, $330.
Time— M. :2«i: H. MS%; %. 1:13 H. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. Foster & Hackett'a eh. m. by lmr>. Midlothian-Turmoil. Pence was never dis
turbed Spencer's ride 'on Thoburn a nightmare. Cut oft early and then languidly ridden
over the 'White Poes route. Bessie. Lee outfooted probably. Scratched— High Hoo 110 Clp
rlano 112. ManzaniHa 105.
BAILEOAD TBAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 n. m.
Sundays 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trlans.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and. Return.
<1 40.
St Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
BO2.")Ki;.IC.MST. EsUbUshed
»ln 1534 for the treatment of PrlTate
|f Dlseust^, Lwt Manhood. Debility or
& tl I «<-_.¦«» rearing on body and mind an d
JSS Sicln Diseases. 'l'bi>doctorcureswheii
M others faiL Try him. Charges low.
bS C - _r*» pr"mr_>n«*>»«B. Callorwrite.
Dr. j. *•. uICUU.V Box 1937, 5aa KrancUcx*
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasallto Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1339.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO -TILL. VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL-
WEEK DATS— *7:OO. *9:30. U:00 a, m.: n:tt»
•3:40. 6:15. 6:00. *:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra.
faei. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdaya.
at >:00 and 11:30 o. m.
SUNDAYS— ««:00. »W:00; ni:3o a. ra.; IOS.
8.1VV45. (:30. »:00 p. ra.
Trains marked «•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:2S. H:35. 7:ti *J:W _, ov ;
•12:30. I:1S. «3:40, "SrlS p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays __J
Saturdays at *:*i and 10:15 P. m.
SUNDAT3-«:l0. •VOO. n0:00. *U:45 a, m,s
•1:49. »3:16. 4:45. S:3O p. m.
Tr-lns marked <*> start from San Qnentln.
FIIOM MILL VALLET TO SA>f FRANCLSCOt
WEEK DATS— 6:4S. i:45. 7:55. 1:45 a. m.:
12:35. !:S5. 3:45. S:M p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDATS— B:OS. 10.C5 a. m.: 12:05. JUJ» 1:39.
IM. *:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
t:OOa- m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
8:40 p. »_ Saturdays— Tomales and way stationa.
«_a *. a. Sua-ays— Tcmales and way ataUoaa*
11
Index Horse. Age. Weight. jSt. Km. Urn. Km. Str.
6a Katie Gibbons, 4. ...1071 1 ... 11 11 Hi
(74") RJo Chtco. 4 1091 3 ... 2 h 2 n 2 *i
730 Jack MeCabe, 4 103 7 ... 4 1 S2 3 1
647 Sallle Goodwin. 6... 119 2 ... 8 h 4 U «H
672 Melkarth, 5 107 6 ... 8 2 7 1 5J
6SI Campus 4 112 5 ... 6 1 6 2 6 1
665 Faversham. 4 112 10 ... 10 9 6 7 h
419 Jim BrowneM, 5 107 4 ... 6 h 8 H 8 1
6*7 Silver Maid, 8 106 8 ... 7 2 5 h 9 10
W0 Pat Murphy, a 112 9 ... 9 H 10 10
I IBettlnr.
Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
1 14 T. Walsh 6 7
2 3 Bullman 7-5 3-2
» n J. Woods 15 30
4 n Spencer ...... 4 4
64 Morgan 10 15
6 2 G. Jones 8 10
7 5 Ruiz 3 9-2
5 1 Buchanan .... 60 10)
912 Morsa 20 50
10 Hyland 60 100
nrtex. Horse. Weight. |St. Urn. Hm. fcm. t?tr. Fin.
(723) Southern Girl 105 3 ... In 12 In 11
(729) L.. B. McWhirter...lOS 1 ... 4 4 It 2 3
730 Saul of Tarsus 110 2 ... II 81 » H 3 2
640 Bamboulia. 10SJ 4 ... 3 3 2 n 4 4
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Bullman I 1-2 3^5
Vittltoa C U-2
Spencer I 13
T. Walsh 4 11-2
Jockeys.
>p.
Cl.
ndex
Horse.
eight
S'
m.
; m.
m.
Str.
n.
:ey§.
729 Florablrd "2 3
729 Sliver Bullion 112 9
634 Essence }j» «
540 The Scot 109 f
718 leallne } r > f
62S Sunello 1W i
EOl For Freedom 10< 7
737 Edgardo 109 10
701 Harry Thatcher 109 1
723 Gundara 107 2
6 1
9 S
4 h
a h
I 1
7H
. 5?
1 h
81
5 2
«H
1 H
JH
»H
10
1 1
3 1
2 h
•2%
1H
1 1
B H
4 1
8 1
9 1
10
« H
7 1
1 n
2 2
S 1
4 n
5 1
C S
7 *4
8 1
9 3
10
Vlttltoa 3 U-t
Morse 1 t!
Bullman 8-5 7-t
Henry 40 72
£3. Roeg 10 2!
Spencer *¦%**¦'
Buchanan .... 40 13;
J. I>aly »0 lOC
Jenkins S I
E. Jones 10 15
ndex. Horse.^Age. Weight. |St. Hm. %m. %m.
~697~DiWd~Tenny. 6 104 3 3 1 2 H 1(4.
702 Imp. ClonsUla. 5.... 99 5 Ih 4 1 8 1H
731 Don Luis, 6 JU 1 11 11 2 4
(709) Snips. 5.. }»* •* »H
(723) Ptromo, 4 10 * 6 7 7 t'4
741 Red Pimte. 4 100 4 4V4 5|4 «2
742 Lost Girl. 6 93 7 6h 6 1 7 ¦ -
Str. Fin.
12 1 H
2(4 22
31 3 1
42 4 h
6 i' 4 6 U
S3 6 3
7 7
| Jockeyg. |Op. CL
~ Bullman 1 l
J. Martin ft-5 5-2
E. Jones 130 r>o
Henry 2fi 13
Fauntleroy ..30 75
Conley 8 8
T. Walsh 25 40
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Km.
7TJ Peace. 4 1"2 3 •••
735 Pompino. 4 ...104 2
727 Harry Thoburn. 8..112 7 : ... ;
... Amelia Fonso, a....Kb I ...
727 Sister Alice. 5 110 4 ...
<W5) Bessie Le*, 6 ..110 S ..ggl
li 6 ::::::::::ll2 1 :::
Mm.
1 1
3 4
5 h
4 1
th
V
\m.
\ 3
23
6 1
3 n
7 1
4 1
« 2
8
Str. Fin.
12 11
23 25
31 3 2
42 4 2
71 th
51 6 1
6 1 73
i 8
| Jockey. |Qp. Ql.
T. Walsh 8-5 8-5
Henry 5 8
Spencer t 8-5
Vittltoe 6 15
Buliman 6 9
E. Jones v 23
Hennessey ... 15 fjo
L. Turner 60 100
index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. %m. %m. Km.
"731 Toriblo, 6 I<B » 12 1 2 II
(674) Silver Tone. 4 10* 1 2 1 2 8 IJ
720 Gotobed. 5... V* X 7 7 6 1
(741) Scotch Plaid, 5......1W 2 3 4 3 1 3 4
741 Los Medanos. 4.....1i>l $ 6 8 5 1 4h
735 Jennie ReW. 4 96 4 6*4 6H 7
(734) Flamero. 4... ...1917 4 1 4H «H
Str. Fin.' | Jockeys. |Qp. Cl.
"Tl Tl T. Walsh I 8 8
2 2 2hi Bullman 5-2 1
4t 8 U Vlttitoe 12 M
8 1 4 8 Jenkins l \
6151 Henry 12 20
6 4 6 6 J. Martin 7 IS
7 7 E. R055...:... 10 8
index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. %m. %m. Km.
"731 Toriblo, 6 I<B » 12 1 2 II
(674) Silver Tone. 4 10* 1 2 1 2 8 IJ
720 Gotobed. 5... V* X 7 7 6 1
(741) Scotch Plaid, 5......1W 2 3 4 3 1 3 4
741 Los Medanos. 4.....1i>l $ 6 8 5 1 4h
735 Jennie ReW. 4 96 4 6*4 6H 7
(734) Flamero. 4... ...1917 4 1 4H «H
Str. Fin.' | Jockeys. |Qp. Cl.
"Tl Tl T. Walsh I 8 8
2 2 2hi Bullman 5-2 1
4t 8 U Vlttitoe 12 M
8 1 4 8 Jenkins l \
6151 Henry 12 20
6 4 6 6 J. Martin 7 IS
7 7 E. R055...:... 10 8
Index Horse. Age. Weight. jSt. Km. Urn. Km. Str.
6a Katie Gibbons, 4. ...1071 1 ... 11 11 Hi
(74") RJo Chtco. 4 1091 3 ... 2 h 2 n 2 *i
730 Jack MeCabe, 4 103 7 ... 4 1 S2 3 1
647 Sallle Goodwin. 6... 119 2 ... 8 h 4 U «H
672 Melkarth, 5 107 6 ... 8 2 7 1 5J
6SI Campus 4 112 5 ... 6 1 6 2 6 1
665 Faversham. 4 112 10 ... 10 9 6 7 h
419 Jim BrowneM, 5 107 4 ... 6 h 8 H 8 1
6*7 Silver Maid, 8 106 8 ... 7 2 5 h 9 10
W0 Pat Murphy, a 112 9 ... 9 H 10 10
I IBettlnr.
Fin. I Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
1 14 T. Walsh 6 7
2 3 Bullman 7-5 3-2
» n J. Woods 15 30
4 n Spencer ...... 4 4
64 Morgan 10 15
6 2 G. Jones 8 10
7 5 Ruiz 3 9-2
5 1 Buchanan .... 60 10)
912 Morsa 20 50
10 Hyland 60 100
nrtex. Horse. Weight. |St. Urn. Hm. fcm. t?tr. Fin.
(723) Southern Girl 105 3 ... In 12 In 11
(729) L.. B. McWhirter...lOS 1 ... 4 4 It 2 3
730 Saul of Tarsus 110 2 ... II 81 » H 3 2
640 Bamboulia. 10SJ 4 ... 3 3 2 n 4 4
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
Bullman I 1-2 3^5
Vittltoa C U-2
Spencer I 13
T. Walsh 4 11-2
Jockeys.
>p.
Cl.
ndex
Horse.
eight
S'
m.
; m.
m.
Str.
n.
:ey§.
729 Florablrd "2 3
729 Sliver Bullion 112 9
634 Essence }j» «
540 The Scot 109 f
718 leallne } r > f
62S Sunello 1W i
EOl For Freedom 10< 7
737 Edgardo 109 10
701 Harry Thatcher 109 1
723 Gundara 107 2
6 1
9 S
4 h
a h
I 1
7H
. 5?
1 h
81
5 2
«H
1 H
JH
»H
10
1 1
3 1
2 h
•2%
1H
1 1
B H
4 1
8 1
9 1
10
« H
7 1
1 n
2 2
S 1
4 n
5 1
C S
7 *4
8 1
9 3
10
Vlttltoa 3 U-t
Morse 1 t!
Bullman 8-5 7-t
Henry 40 72
£3. Roeg 10 2!
Spencer *¦%**¦'
Buchanan .... 40 13;
J. I>aly »0 lOC
Jenkins S I
E. Jones 10 15
ndex. Horse.^Age. Weight. |St. Hm. %m. %m.
~697~DiWd~Tenny. 6 104 3 3 1 2 H 1(4.
702 Imp. ClonsUla. 5.... 99 5 Ih 4 1 8 1H
731 Don Luis, 6 JU 1 11 11 2 4
(709) Snips. 5.. }»* •* »H
(723) Ptromo, 4 10 * 6 7 7 t'4
741 Red Pimte. 4 100 4 4V4 5|4 «2
742 Lost Girl. 6 93 7 6h 6 1 7 ¦ -
Str. Fin.
12 1 H
2(4 22
31 3 1
42 4 h
6 i' 4 6 U
S3 6 3
7 7
| Jockeyg. |Op. CL
~ Bullman 1 l
J. Martin ft-5 5-2
E. Jones 130 r>o
Henry 2fi 13
Fauntleroy ..30 75
Conley 8 8
T. Walsh 25 40
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Km.
7TJ Peace. 4 1"2 3 •••
735 Pompino. 4 ...104 2
727 Harry Thoburn. 8..112 7 : ... ;
... Amelia Fonso, a....Kb I ...
727 Sister Alice. 5 110 4 ...
<W5) Bessie Le*, 6 ..110 S ..ggl
li 6 ::::::::::ll2 1 :::
Mm.
1 1
3 4
5 h
4 1
th
V
\m.
\ 3
23
6 1
3 n
7 1
4 1
« 2
8
Str. Fin.
12 11
23 25
31 3 2
42 4 2
71 th
51 6 1
6 1 73
i 8
| Jockey. |Qp. Ql.
T. Walsh 8-5 8-5
Henry 5 8
Spencer t 8-5
Vittltoe 6 15
Buliman 6 9
E. Jones v 23
Hennessey ... 15 fjo
L. Turner 60 100DONOVAN IN CHINATOWN.
Sergeant With an excellent Record
Will Suppress Mongolian Crime!.
Sergeant J. T. Donovan, one of the most
efficient officers on the police force, has
been transferred from the O'Farrell street
station to the California street station.
Donovan will now have charge of the
second police district, which Includes Chi
natown and Barbary Coast. His past rec
ord as an officer in the Chines* quarter
induced the change, and his experience is
expected to have much weight in sup
pressing crime among the Mongolians.
Sergeant James Anderson, who has had
charge of the second district for year 3,
will assume Donovan's duties at the
O'Farrell street station.
THE Corinthian Yacht Club will give a vaudeville en
tertainment next Thursday night at ¦ Xatlve Sons'
Hall, Mason street. The well-known reputation of the
! members as caterers of amusement and dispensers of
fun will undoubtedly draw an Immense audience. Tho
> services of many of the old-time favorites who have made
the Corinthians' entertainments of more than local fame
! have been engaged and. judging from the rehearsal held
, last night, the coming show will surpass all previous ones
' and will be brimful of Interesting features presented by
. clever artists.
Stage Manager "Jack" O'Brien directed operations
; last night and announced that the programme would be
opened with a short address by the recently elected com
! modore. Harry D. Hawks. The commodore was excused
, from rehearsing his turn, as he is preparing something in
' the nature of 'a surprise in opening addresses and does
, not want the edge of his remarks to wear off before tho
' eventful evening. Oscar S. Frank, the sweet singer, tried
over two of his songs, which are destined to make a hit —
"Still as the Nlgrht" and "Don't You Cry, Honey," the lat
; ter with chorus accompaniment.
The "ragtime specialty" is the next number, and as
performed by "Jack" Cathcart and George Ryan Is ex
tremely humorous. They sing "Chickens on the Brain"
and "An Irish Cakewalk" In Inimitable style. Frank H.
Thompson In the bass solo, "The King's Champion," and
others equally as good will repeat his former successes In
the vocal art, while "Dave" McLaughlin, who follows In
his "Dutch 'Witticisms," will most likely tickle the risi
bilities of his audience to the bursting point.
"Pete" Sloan as the "Infant Phenom" sang "Hello,
Daddy. I Knowd Dat Waa Yoh Car," and his infantile
Imitations are exceptionally clever. "Ben" Tarbox, attired
In the costume of a sixteenth century warrior, will be
heard In "The Sword of Ferrara," and no doubt an encore
will be in order.
The skit entitled "Looney's Parisian Ballet" has been
especially written to display the physical charms and terp
sichorean talents of McLaughlin, Ryan and Cathcart in
Imitations of Fougere and as "premiere danseuses." An
amazon march, led by "Big" Thompson and "Little" Ken
nedy, goes with the skit. "Eddy" Angelo only consented
to be an amazon after much persuasion, and he will also
be heard to advantage with his "robusto tenor" In the
choruses. "Billy" Hynes Is down for a black-face tui^,
and when he sings his laughing song others are sure to
follow suit. Slgnor Abramoff is too well known to tell how
he will sing his operatic selections.
A grand double quartet will be heard in "Kentucky
Babe" and "Beauty's Eyes," and consists of: First tenore,
Frank Coffin and Herbert S. Williams; second tenors,
Edwin F. Sagax and Arthur J. Kennedy; first bassos, Ben
L. Tarbox and Harry Turnbull; second bassoa, Frank W.
Thompson and Edward Mcßalne.
The performance will conclude with a scene typical of
the clubhouse at Tiburon. Musical selections will be ren
dered by Kelly and Haxe; "Billy" Flnnie will sing a new
song; the Red Rock Quartet— Thompson, Sloan. Kennedy
and Mitchell— in "hambone" selections; fancy dancing by
Dave Flnnie; oboe selections, "Gus" Strauss; the whole
concluding with the singing of "Good Night", by a chorus
of fifty voices.
The proceeds of the entertainment will be used to en
large the clubhouse and build a permanent stage for future
productions. Tickets will be- on sale at Sherman & Clay's
next Saturday mo/ning.
FORMAL CHARGE
NOT YET MADE
AGAINST POULIN
<
Case Continued Until
Saturday.
?
PROBABLY CANNOT BE HELD
?
HE IS STUX AT LARGE ON
BIG CASH BAIL.
»
Horace Poulin, because of •whose deser
tion Amy Murphy killed herself, was be
fore Police Judge Mogan yesterday. He
was allowed to depart again on the $1000
cash ball deposited by his friend McLach
lan. with the understanding that he ap
pear again Saturday forenoon next, at 10
o'clock. The Coroner's inquest will be
held in the meantime and the develop
ments there may give the officers a bet
ter idea of what can be done toward
prosecuting Poulin on some charge.
Twice the bailiff called the name of the
man who has attained bo much unenvia
ble notoriety since the tragedy in the
park, and each time there was no re
sponse. The crowd that had gathered In
the courtroom at once formed the impres
sion that Poulln had jumped his ball,
but this was an error. Judge Mogan an
nounced that he would call the case again
at 12 o'clock and If the man wanted did
not appear at that time he would Issue a
bench warrant and declare the bail for
feited.
Detective Cody sought the telephone
and succeeded in locating Poulln. That
individual and Judge Pierce, his attor
ney, appeared at 11:30. The lawyer said
his client had understood that he was
to appear any time during the forenoon,
and he had been busy all the morning
trying to secure bondsmen in the sum of
$2000, in order that McLachlan might draw
down his $1000 in cash. The excuse was
accepted.
"Has a complaint been filed In this
case?" asked Attorney Pierce.
"There has not." answered the clerk,
and Detective Cody, who was present un
der Instructions from Acting Chief Biggy,
said Mrs. Dart, the mother of the dead
girl, had said she would swear to a com
plaint if the officers could find a charge
on which Poulin could be prosecuted.
Judge Mogan informed Poulln of his
rights and said he could not be arraigned
until a charge had been formally made
against him. Tho court instructed him
that he was entitled to time in which to
prepare a defense and then fixed the time
for his appearance.
During the remarks made at the funeral
of Amy Murphy the Co-operative Home
for loung Women at C 45 Folsom street,
pf which Miss Flora Bellinger is super
intendent, was referred to as a "rescue"
home. This has very much aggrieved the
estimable young ladles who live there.
This institution is maintained solely for
the benefit of respectable working girls,
who by clubbing together get their living
for just what it costs.
A letter was received at police head
quarters yesterday from Los Angeles
signed by Geary H. Day. the writer stat
ing that Amy Murphy was not the first
girl Poulln had led to her death. Because
of him. the writer continued, a girl named
Mary Stout drowned herself in the bay
some time ago. The letter was evidently
written by an Ignorant person, and the
police placed it on the list of crank ef
fusions.
The police telegraphed to Los Angeles
regarding the letter from there. Poulin
denied knowing any girl by the name of
Stout.
Three boys tried to sell a pistol yester
day to J. Whltehead, employed at the car
house at Tenth and Howard streets. The
police. Investigated the case and found
the pistol did not resemble the one Miss
Murphy bought.
much puzzled and later in the forenoon
met their friends on the street. The lat
ter explained that they had given ball
money to the policemen who had started
toward the Jail with them. The amount
paid was $15, or $5 apiece.
The arrested men, according to their
story, not only were made to give up In
order to secure their release, but, being
"broke," were led all over Chinatown In
an effort to borrow the money from
friends. One of them succeeded In get
ting 18 50 at one place, another raised
J3 60 at another house.
One of the men from whom part of the
money was borrowed was brought here
yesterday from San Jose, where he had
fone Monday. The other one Is located,
t Is said the three Chinamen who were
"shaken down" and the two from whem
the money was borrowed will testify to
all the foregoing statements concerning
the alleged extortion.
Balds were made also on Jackson street
and Rosa alley, and those Chinamen who
had It. so the Mongolians declare, were
released upon giving up $3 apiece to the
arresting officers. Those who could not
locate the necessary amount' In their
pajamas became the victims of their pov
erty and were turned into the prison.
All three of these officers were members
of Sergeant Ellis" squad. The other mem
ber of the sauad was Robert L. Morton
of 2913 Bush street. He was not suspenJ
ed, though he has been a running mate of
Rice's since they were placed in China
town. Rice and Morton are of the Cen
tral station and Rlordan and Robinson of
the Seventeenth and Howard street sta
tion, v'
Yesterday forenoon at 9 o'clock, so It
was said In Chinatown last night, all the
officers of Chinatown squads were lined
up at the hall and two of the Chinamen
who claimed they were robbed of $5 each
were asked to point out the men who had
robbed them. They pointed out Rlordan
and Robinson at once.
On© of tho most Important witnesses
will b© a Chinese native son of 20 Ross
alley. He is said to be the man who first
Informed on the policemen.
Each of the accused men has been on
the force several years. It is not known
how long the system of extortion so sud
denly brought to light by Chief Blggy
has been going on. The first Intimation
of it leaked out Tuesday.
3-Day Specials I
It's never an old story with
•vs — it's always something new
— something inspired by enter-
prise and tha rightly directed
knowledge of tha grocery busi-
ness.
BUTTER, square 45c
Choice Creamery.
MUSHROOMS, can 25c
T. Lecount, Paris
Regularly 200.
YELLOWSTONE WHISKEY,
Full qt. bot. $1.00, gal. $4.00
A well-known brand of exceptional good
quality.
Regularly « 25 and 1$ 00.
SARDINES, tin 10c
The celebrated Lemolne braad.
Regularly lSc
FINNAN HADDIES, Ib !2Jc
New shipment— very choice^
Regularly 13c
SALAD DRESSING, bot 25c
3fad« by Sirs. Heermao— nothing batter.
Regularly 30c
CLARET, gallon 35c
An excellent table wine.
Regularly 50c
Fruit Syrups (all flavors), bot, 35c
Regularly SOo.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FR EE.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
(Old number 71 Stockton st->
TELEPHONE MAIN 6521
WeeMy Ci $1.00 w Year
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GKEAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOKa-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodlsiao and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs tor both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tne Kid.
nan and Bladder. Bells on its own merttaT^
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
CS Market street. B. F.-(S«nd toe CUcuUr).
Famous
¦ :'..•¦ " ¦¦¦¦¦, ¦ -¦ >¦¦• >< ¦¦¦¦¦:.:> \ .
Wedgewood Ware
Bargains.
ItV.Wortti Your
Coining Just to See.
Great American Importini Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
zoo Store**
Pinching
Eye»Glasses
Are not healthy. They hurt the skin. Our new
clip doesn't slip or pinch, while the glasses
don't tilt or waver.
Oculists' • prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
642 Market St. instruments
BERNICE McCLELLAN, Who Fell Down an Elevator Shaft.
BERNICB McCLELLAN. a nineteen-year-old girl, residing at 22 Page §
street, fell to her death last evening down an elevator shaft In the 8
building, of the Standard Biscuit Company, at the corner of Front and $
Pacific streets. The girl was employed In the place where she met her 8
horrible fate, and was Just preparing «> go home after her day's work when «
the accident happened. . • ?*
An employe of the company said that after the elevator had ceased run- «
ning for the night all the hatchways, which are unguarded, had been closed S
over by means of trap doors, which open upward. He said that the girl had H
stepped on one of these on the third floor and that it gave way with her. X
The force of her descending body tore away the other doors on the second w
and nrst floors, which he claims were also closed. The downward passage Q
of the body was, not stopped until It struck the ground floor •?
Another story Is told by girls who are employed in the 'place, that th« ft
doors had been left open and the lights of the building turned out. The «
unfortunate girl unconsciously walked to the brink of the shaft and. tot- H
terlng, fell to the ground floor. X
Dr. Thomas B. Leland. autopsy physician, was called after the accident, S
and said that the girl's skull was fractured. Her body was not taken to P
the Morgue. S5
Miss McClellan has been almost the sole support of her parent* and six X
brothers and sisters for some time past. She was pretty, bright and well g
liked by her associates. The body was taken to an undertaking parlor on »
Mission street, but will be removed this morning to the home of her uncle. 8
W. F. Hillebrant, at 74 Webster street 8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GIRL PLUNGES
TO HER DEATH
Dentist Broke His Jaw.
C. A. Johnson, a minor, by his guar
dian. C. A. Johnson Sr., came Into court
yesterday and filed suit against Dr. G. A.
Klclser, a dentist, to recover $3000 dam
ages for a broken Jaw. Plaintiff alleges
that he applied to the dentist on May 2,
1599, to have a tooth extracted: In pull
ing the tooth the defendant fractured the
young man's Jaw, which left him broken
In health for four months. The suit Is
the result.
On all the Pullman cars Jesso Moore "AA"
whiskey ia to be kad.
Rustic Initials In sterling silver and gold
for fine pocketbooks at 25, 40 and 75 cents
each. Nothing so good for the money in
the city. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar-
ket street. ¦ • •
To Visit the Schools.
A committee appointed by George H.
Thomas Post. G. A. R., will on next Mon
day afternoon visit sixteen of the gram
mar schools. The committee will also
visit four of the evening schools. Mon
day Is the anniversary of the birth of
Abraham Lincoln, and the purpose of the
visit will be to Instill patriotism In the
minds of the pupils and teach them to
revere the memory of the martyr Presi
dent. At each school there will be short
patriotic addresses.
SENT BACK TO MEXICO.
Mother and Five Children Refused
Permission to Bemain in This
Country.
Mrs. Salome C. de Tapia and her five
children, the eldest a girl of 12 years and
the youngest, twin boys of 4 years, were
deported yesterday by Immigration Com
missioner North, on the ground that they
had become a charge upon the State
Mre. Tapia arrived here on the Curacao
on July 29 of last year. Shortly after her
trrival she sent her children to orphan
asylums, she being unable to support
them. The matter was laid before the
Immigration Commissioner, and he or
dered her doported under the regulation
that aliens liable to become public charges
within one year after arrival must be
sent back to the country whence they
came. Mrs. de Tapia alleges that she is
a relative of Governor Canedo of the
State of Sinaloa, Mexico. Her husband
deserted her in that country several years
ago.
Dr. P«rker'« Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a courh- Nexfr f&lle. Try it. All druggists. •
Talent in Training for a Dip Into Vaudeville.
PATROLMEN ARE
CHARGED WITH
EXTORTING COIN
Arrested Chinese Vic
timized.
THREE OFFICERS SUSPENDED
ACTING CHIEF OF POLICE ACTS
PROMPTLY.
Biggy Tjearns of What Is Going On
and the Stars of the Ac
cused May Be Asked
For.
Corruption will not stand much chance
in the Police Department of this city as
long as the present alert acting Chief is
In charge of that municipal body. This
was demonstrated clearly yesterday
when acting Chief Biggy created a sen
sation In the department by suspending
three well-known patrolmen on the
charge of extorting money from Chinese
whom they placed under arrest. x
The promptness with which the acting
Chief "got on the Inside" of what was
going on In this particular case was a
matter of surprise and consternation to
those who are charged with the offense
and who will have to answer before the
commission at an early date.
William E. Rice of ISOO McAllister street,
Nell Rlordan of 710 Castro street and Eu
gene C. Robinson, residing at the Russ
House, are the men who were suspected
yesterday and the evidence against them
as it stands now Is very strong. China
men who allege they were victims of the
extortion make direct and positive asser
tions regarding their, yielding up coin to
the bluecoats under suspicion.
It is stated by the witnesses that these
officers have been In the habit when ar
resting men found sleeping In the Chi
nese houses of 111 fame to discharge those
who would pay what the policemen
thought a reasonable price for dismissal
and to jail those who would not give up.
Two of the policemen, Rlordan and
Robinson, according to stories told by
Chinamen last nigh V raided a house In
St. Louis alley early Sunday morning and
arrested three Chinamen there. The of
ficers started with these Chinamen to the
California-street station.
The next morning friends of the ar
rested Chinese went to the station to ball
them out. The desk man there looked
over the books and said there must be a
mistake, as no such names as those
given were on It. The men with the ball
money went downstairs and looked
through the bars. Their friends were not
there. They went back to their quarters
REHEARSAL FOR CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB
SHOW PROMISES MANY CLEVER FEATURES
TRAVELS MANY
LONG MILES TO
STEAL HER BABY
Mrs. Cowan's Exciting
Adventure.
•
EVADES OFFICERS OF THE LAW
KIDXAPS THE CHTXD WHILE ITS
FATHEB IS AWAY.
Arrested on tlie Train by.a Sheriff
After Her Secret Flight: From
Butte, Mont., but Is
Soon Released.
MRS. BENJAMIN COWAN of
this city, wbo was formerly Miss
Lena Tolles of San Bernardino,
went ail the way to Butte. Mont.,
last week, kidnaped her little daughter
who had been taken there by the child's
father, fled from the city In the night
time with the little one and reached this
city In eafety last Saturday evening. In
Butte Miss Cowan evaded the officers
who were on the lookout to prevent her
departure from that city and on the way
she bluffed one of the Sheriffs who had
been telegraphed to to arrest her. ar.4
prevented his sending her back to Butte
to face the charge that her husband
wanted to -bring against her there.
Little Jeaiinette. the child in the case,
was taken from this city about January
1. unknown to tlia mother. Mrs. Cowan
had filed a suit for divorce on December
19 and asked for the custody of the child
Cowan, who is a nurse by profession, did
not care to accept the court's decision as
to who should have possession of Jean
nette. and taking advantage of a moment
when the mother relaxed her watchful
ness fled with the child to Butte. The
whereabouts of Cowan and his daughter
was unknown to the mother until a ehort
time ago, although she suspected, from
the fact that Cowan had a 6lster In Butte,
that he bad gone there. She verified her
euspicion and after consultation with her
mother determined to regain possession
of her little one.
Mrs. Cowan did not care to travel to
Butte alone on such a mission, so a pri
vate detective was employed to accom
pany her. When Butte was reached,
however, the private detective got drunk.
This led to his arrest, and he told the of
?icers all about why he was in their city
and how Mrs. Cowan intended stealing
the child. Cowan was notified and a
watch was kept on his sister's house,
where Jeannette had been placed.
In this extremity Mrs. Cowan resolved
to call on a distant relative, a wealthy
mining man of Butte, for assistance. He
at once took up her cause and chartered
a special car for her use, which he or
dered to have in waiting at the depot.
Then one evening he had Mrs. Cowan go
to the house where the child was and
ring the bell. No one answered and the
mother went in. £he came out with Jean
nette and hurried away In the night to
the car that awaited her.
As *;oon as the disappearance of the
little girl was discovered an alarm was
given and Cowan swore out a warrant for
his wife's arrest on the ground of abduc
tion. The police made a vigorous search
for her. but Mrs. Cowan managed to es
cape In her special car at 3 o'clock. Tele
grams were sent to the officers along the
line by the Butte Chief of Police asking
them to watch for and arrest the daring
mother. Seventy miles from Butte a
Sheriff went through the train, and rec
ognizing Mrs. Cowan from the descrip- '
tions took her into custody. The train
sped en and Mrs. Cowan and her child
were left behind. The mother pleaded
with the Sheriff, and falling to regain her
liberty that way declared to him that she
was rightfully in possession of the child,
and that if he did not let her go she would
make trouble for him. The Sheriff finally
agreed to let her go her way. She took
the next train for San Francisco, arriving
safely. She now has her child concealed
In this city and will continue to keep It
unless Cowan succeeds in securing the
custody of it through procoss of law.
Mrs. Cowan is the daughter of the late-
Colonel Tolles. at one time Recorder of
Ban Bernardino County. He was promi
nent in his section of the State. She mar
ried Cowan In ISSS.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1900.
Hales.
Complete External and
SS£Stes£3!sw internal Treatment
!**£ ':"¦ ¦¦ i I
Consisting of CUTICURA SOAP (25c). to cleanse th«
skin of crusts and scales and soften the thickened cuti-
cle, CUTICURA OINTnn.VT (50c0. to Instantly allay
Itching:, irritation, and Inflammation, and soothe and
heal, and CUTICURA RESOLVENT (50c.), to cool and
cleanse the blood. A single set is often sufficient to cure
the most torturing;, disfiguring skin, scalp, and blood
humors, rashes, itching*, and irritations, with loss of
hair, when the best physicians and all other remedies
tell. Sold throughout the world. POTTER DRUCJ AND
CHEM. CORP., Sole Props., Boston. "How to Cur*
Baby Humors," free.
i
njgfiy%ijtf see 9911
¦*l ifrti'^Ml lJL^k^^" * a **'*o^'* r?l
§( QStTY , a f WJ I do you think that the name "the fastest Va
I i&Z&P&C BilP* iSHIG growing store in the west" was given this H
I JS^S&m&iC waiiw IA<UIV store by chance ? Not a bit of it. it was M
I S|§l^iiii# your steady and increased appreciation of our manner d
1 'ISl^'^ifKl W^Y of doins business that made us grow so fast— that maJe g
I j^Bt'v^h^ •/ * it necessary to build the magnificent new store now |
I \rl&--*HilM'>\r* under way just seven doors west of our present quarters, of course we }
w VsAJ&v ///r^^^* tnan^ YOu anc * show our appreciation with such good goods and low g
I^TjPS- new cotton foulards ' 15c
I shown last Monday for the first time — perhaps you saw them in our |
I windows; some people saw them before a card describing the goods as "cotton foulards" had I
3 been placed in the window, they hurried into the store to buy "some of those 15c silks." |
i that describes them — new patterns, dainty figures, that look like the $1.00 silk foulards In di
I another part of the store, come in black, navy and lavender grounds, 29 inches wide. ||
I those 32 inches wide J 16aC m
lace collars — in by express. new cheviot suitings 50c. I
) some positive novelties in dainty lace collars with another position we tak^ by Intelligent hard work If
the levere effects, they "caught on" quickly In New and not chance Is an authoritative one in matter* of g
York and Paris, we rushed them out here by express women's dress, our dress goods man is off for the East M
so that you n:ed not be but a few days behind the again in a short while, take our word for it that these .§3
i world's fashion centers, these new collars are of Bat- cheviots are new and fashionable. U
tenberg, Renaissance, silk applique and Point Venlse 3
? laces, colors black, white, beige and ecru, prices range rhpvinf ciiifinrrc all wool, In plain mix- U
| trom «£- — 1-| . £,q &» ture and plalJs, — rtr Eg
I OI.OU tO OO.UU* 36 inches wide, per yard only S OC H
I cloak sale l&Ce Valentines IC tO 75C linen sale |
1 o-npc on and tni comic ones, the kind that delight both young &ne<z on E5
m ** and old _ 25 for 5c ** m
ra Kersey and melton __ . 50 pieces glass tow- H
I cloth jackets that t Arno/d . f T W J&&&<3^. X~n~e~w ThT hhh U ° &M iwUty^ue 1
I were 510.00 to $15.00 "trimmings aSd^c? checks, p« ffl
IB cut to . under- Jgl y-.^^^^,"!^^ in b/ yard only Xi
m\ 1 tvn r»p» wear. "" ¦ —**^ express. %t\~ Im
15 63.35. I 1 935-947 Market Street. | | '^ c » JM
Catarrh, Deafness^
fy^totsmiM *****
— £¦ — ¦" * LUnbo
Diseases Positively Cured by
Dill UUI llllUnAifl O METHOD.
204 Sutter St., N\V. Cor. Kearny.
Hours— 9 to 11 a. m. ; 1 to I aad 7 to I p. m.
O D f7 17 An honest trial of on* wee*. ghr»m
ruLUito show the superior merit of th«
new treatment. 2000 test cases— M per cant
cured. Call at once or write.
§ PAINLESS DENTISTRY. S
W We extract, fill or crown teeth absolutely %&F
©without pain. Get a price on your worK— lt J^\
costs you nothing and may save you some \gSj?
10 Years' Guarantee. Lowest Prices,
©4 Evenings until 9. Sundays all H\7 A T^T Tk / I~te /> 4~\ Km ?* ft/^3
T day. Written guarantee 10 jr.. VAIN VKllliM
©\ I Full Set of Teeth, pain- ' /??+\
less extractions free..94.00 up 1 (OUR NEW HOME) fvlls}
Gold Crowns, 22-k :»..%(» up ,1 XS^
; Finings 25c up } 1001 Market Street, A&k
iforfrf , Teeth Without Plates Our | §»**y
J Specialty. We give gas. J .S. W. Corner Sixth. . ,
-»-— » SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY.,
CASH 0E LITTLE-AT-A-TBIE.
The surprise of the !
Week. Oak Cribs,
90x60 inches,
THE J.. NO©NAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 MISSION ST/tEST,
tfbov* Slxth.
Flats Baath 11. Opsa Ersala-ri.
lend Se for Postage for Complete Catalog.
12
<