ing the public into its confidence.
As Is only natural, countless rumors
have been circulated In the absence of
trustworthy intelligence. Tales of Brit
ish victory and a decisive Boer defeat
were coupled in the same breath almost
with stories of Buller having been re
pulsed by Boers and the British being In
retreat London newspapers, be it said
to their credit, took no notice of these
wild rumors, not one of them appearing
in print.
No day in . London during the whole
progress of the war has been quite like
yesterday. The news contained in Bul
ler's messaee that the intended assaulf
upon Spion Kop on Tuesday night was
enough of itself to keep all minds on the
rack of anxiety and feverish excitement.
Toward evening vague rumors were
abroad, such", as are usually the fruit of
a period cf suspense, when a chance ut
terance is magnified Into an authorita
tive statement and a surmise is mistaken
for a certainty. Among other things said
were that the attack had failed; that
Buller's statement was intended as a
blind and his real Intention was wholly
different, and that he would never have
?aid so much unless he was practically
sure of success. .
From early morning until midnight the
War Oftlce was thronged by visitors. To
make matters worse there is not a single
item of official intelligence from the front
to appease the widespread and breathless
anxiety. At midnight the announcement
was made at the War Office that the au
thorities had nothing to communicate to
the public, which at once suggested the
Idea that they had received something in
tended only for private information.
The attack upon Spion Kop would prob
ably be simultaneously delivered from two
sides, from Trlchards Drift and from Pot
gieters Drift by Warren'a division and
Lyttelton's brigade. During the last few
days there has been an almost continuous
bombardment of the Boer position as a
preliminary- to the advance.
The British force available for an as
sault would be about 20,000 men. All these
LONDON, Jan. 25.— The War Office has just issued the follow
lo wing dispatch from Speannans Camp, dated January 25, 12:10
a. m. :
"General Warren's troops last night occupied Spion Kop, sur
prising the small garrison which fled. It has been held by us all day
though vrt -were heavily attacked, especially by a very annoying
shell fire.
"I fear our ca-ualties are considerable and I have to inform
you with regret that General Woodgate was dangerously wounded.
"General Warren is of the opinion that he has rendered the
enemy's position untenable. The men are splendid."
SPEARMANS CAMP, Tuesday, Jan. 23. 9:30 p. m.— The
British field artillery and howitzer shelled the enemy on
the crest of the ridge this morning. The infantry, under
excellent cover, kept up an effective rifle fire. The Boers re
signed a kopje, of which the British infantry took posses
sion. When retiring, the enemy sheltered themselves behind a
?tone wall on the slope of the konie. which they held for hours.
This afternoon they ran across the ravine. The British ar
tillery poured shrapnel and lyddite into them and the infantry
took the stone wall. The British casualty list was small.
LONDON; Jan. 24. — A dispatch to the Times from Spear
mans Camp, dated Tuesday, 9:30 p. m., says:
"The Boers to-day had more guns and are preparing to
fight almost interminably, having intrenched the ridges, which
stretch in an almost unbroken line from the Drakensberg many
miles eastward.
"Firing continued throughout the day. We have not ad
vanced any farther, but we threw up intrenchments during the
night, from behind which the musketry duel continued from
exactly the same position as yesterday."
The Daily Telegraph publishes the following dispatch from
Spearmans Farm, dated Tuesday. January 23, 9:30 p. m:
"On Monday Sir Charles Warren's force cannonaded and
fusilladed the Boer positions west of Spion Kop. near the Acton
Homes road. A lyddite battery co-operated with the Other bat
teries and Maxims. Certainly the fire was effective, causing the
enemy serious losses. The Boers, however, clung desperately
to their works, from which they are being- slowly driven. To
day the enemy fired their guns oftener, using also the captured
15-pounders with shrapnel. Our casualties were less to-day
than those of yesterday.
"Fighting began about 6 in the morning and continued
until dark, but there has been nothing like a general engage
ment. The big naval gxins assisted from Potgieters Drift in
shelling- the Boer positions."
BRITISH ACCUSED OF
SHOCKING BRUTALITY
Fr-*-!«f C«N» to The O»!1 a..< 3 N"»w York H«r
ftid. Copyrighted, ISOQ, »y James Gordon
I?<r.r«t.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 24.— A most senpa
tior.al report will be published here to
morroTP momlr.e from Dr. Ramsbcttom of
TVioemfonteln. head of the Orange Free
Stale Ambulance at Mo<!der River.
I>r. liamsbottom asserts that on No
vember 2*. tfter the Modder River bat
tV. he f=ont his staff with the wounded.
While th< -y *rere attending the latter they
wr" ma<le nrtsor.crj of ¦war by the
Knclish. de«2>ste their red cross badges
end the fact that the Orange Free State
is n sigTiatory of the Geneva convention.
The doctor atserts that he and his com
panions, the wounded included, were de
prived of nourishment and conveyed in
cattle trucks to Cape Town.. During a halt
betmccu Groot River and De Aar. he says.
they were p!sc*»4 in prison with common
criminals for hoars. On thplr arrival at
<"apo Town, he assert?, the hospital au
thr.ritles acknowledged that the English
military authorities at Modder River had
a terrible blunder.- and had Dr.
RamstKittom ar.d his party conveyed back
to Modder River, but there the English
military authorities refused to surrender
to them their anbdence cars and their
purgical instruments, and let the doctor,
the nurses and the wounded return to
Jarobsdal on foot, carrying their personal
luggage on their backs.
A Rolemn protest is expected from the
powers concerning such violation of the
Geneva convention.
Cjrxir or the jlr.pi, bra^s anil RnliJ,
T^.M* of the world, by right divine.
Vtklt whose !<arn-r u | pway they hoM,
Dr.mlrk.rj m-fr mine and thine—
Furh lords .-,.« thosn h av e mad"? them rotten.
They have forg-otten. They have forg-otten.
United States Emnassador Choatc called
twice on Ivord Salisbury yesterday, which
was the regular diplomatic day.
The correspondent of the Times at
Lourenzo Marquez. telegraphing yesterday
and dealing with the lawlessness of the
low class of Boerp. who are getting be
yond the control of the Government and
the better class cf official*, who are hon
estly desirous of protecting life and prop
erty, says:
"My informants are convinced that the
only way to save the Rand from the fury
of the rabble is to cut off the retreat of
the Boers in the direction of Johannes
berg. The hot bloods among the Boers
are convinced that the. war is due to the
capitalists and that thr ; only revenge pos-
Eible is to dynamite the mines."
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from
Lourenzo Marquez, dated Wednesday,
Sayi: "This morning all passengers book
ed for the Transvaal were stopped by
Government order, with the exception of
the members of the Russian ambulance
corps, who proceeded by special train."
BULLER MAY HAVE BEEN
HEAVILY REINFORCED
I/iN'DON'. Jan. 25— 4:15 a. m.—To
pography map? Fhow that Spion Kop is
the highest part of a rooky plateau. Kast
ward eight mites are the lioor positions
along the Tver-la. Northwestward from
Fpion Kop the plateau rurts gradually up
to a groat spur at thr Drank^nsberg. Gen
eral Boiler's lr.fantry. to reach the sum
mit of £pl~n Kop. mu,n crors a natural
r'a~!s throf-quartr-rs of a mil* wide and
climb 509 feet up a strep Mope.
Nobody h^re seems to "Know. n<"t even
the War Offico. what Lord Roberts has
done with his large r«>lnfor<~e-mf nts. Six
thousand troops awaited his arrlv&l at
Cape Town, ar.d sine- th^ri 6XO others
have reached there. Military crifios are
ail hoping that a j»r>od share of the?©
32.000 have gone to help General Buller,
and they argue that a few days' wilt
may make him Ftror.g enough to overcome
the deadlock. There are Vj.QfQ troops &£
and thjs heavy wfijrht on the British
side Is expected to destroy the equilibrium
now exiftir.g on every fieM of operation.'
Th" BrttL-h Ir.s*cp S up to <j a t e in kilted,
wounded and captured, according to Gen
tral Bullt'r last list, total £216 mm.
F. W. lieitz. the Transvaal State Sec
retary, has written a parorty on Mr. Kip
ling's "Recession." It is entitled "Pro
gressior.al," and is dedicated to "Mudyard
PlpllnS-" The first stanza follows:
BULLER'S DEFEAT IS
ALMOST A CERTAINTY
Special Di^atch to Th? Call.
nkw yokk, Jan. 25.-The Journal has
this from London: Buller has been de
feated. There is no use trying to hide the
fact. His dispatches, supplemented by
those from the Boers, prove it. There is
not a word of news from the front to
day. England is hoping .against hope,
but It feels in its heart that another dis
astor has met the British arms.
The plan tr> assault Spion Kop at night
permed such a desperate move that it
almost quenched the fire- of hope which
had burned so brightly for the last few
da vs.
MACRUM NOT INCLINED
TO LOSE HIS POSITION
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— The State De
partment is finding difficulty to repudlct*
Mr. Macrum. No less than three authori
tative statements have been Issued f.o* the
effect that he is not Consul to Pretoria,
or In fart in the United States Consular
Kfrvire in any capacity, yet it appear*
that he himself is under a different im
pression. The fact that the United 6tntP3
Senate confirmed a successor to Mr. Ma
crum as Consul to Pretoria is regaried
by the State Department as sufficient
evidence that he was thereby ousted not
only from his pest at Pretoria, but en
tirely from the service of the United
States Government.
Ladysmith on Half Rations.
\ TvONDON. Jan. 24.— The Times pub
lishes a letter from Ladysmith. dated
December 13. the writer of which says
that the besieged have been on half ra
ticr.s for at least two months.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 24. — Nearly 100,000 signatures have been appended to the address promoted
by Iff. le Jeune and other members of the Universal Peace Society, . asking President McKinley to medi
ate. It will be forwarded te Washington in the course of a" few days.
Continued on Page Thre*.
would not bo likely to be put in at once.
Probably the assailing line would not be
stronger than 5000 men, but would be fol
lowed by strong supports.
It is significant to recall the fact that
there have been three disastrous British
failures in night attacks during this war—
at Stormberg. at Magersf ontein and the
Suffolks' assault upon a kopje near Coles
berg. The fact Is pointed out that condi
tions in Natal at present are favorable to
such an attack. The nights at this perlou
are longer than are England's in mid
summer; the evening would be cool and a
crescent moon would certainly not throw
too much light on the midnight march.
to the other seats of war. General
French reports a small reconnoissance.
Methuen sends word that he has made a
feint against the Boer position to locate
the disposition of their principal force.
He has probably also dispatched a raid
ing party under General Babington. •
Kimberley is again being subjected to
a Boer bombardment. Colonel Plummer
is making all efforts to advance to Mafe
king. which is holding out vigorously.
The morning newspapers all consider
the Tugela situation one of the greatest
danger. The Dally Telegraph says:
"What the result of the attack Is no one
can say. In every direction the Boers
have checked our armies upon our own
soil. It is only the weakness and isola
tion of the army which have saved us
from positive and perhaps fatal disas
ters."
MORLEY DENOUNCES
GREAT BRITAIN'S COURSE
LONDON, Jan. 24.— John Morley, ad
dressing his constituents at Porfar. made
but little reference to the present aspect
of the war in South Africa, confining him
self chleily to a renewal of his indictment
of the "policy which led to hostilities."
lie ridiculed "the notion that a few Boer
successes entitle the Transvaal to be de
scribed as a first-class military power,"
and declared that "the fact of the Boers
sending the ultimatum no more disposed
of all other questions than the defiance. of
the American colonists in throwing the
tea. into Boston harbor disposed of all the
Continued on Second Page.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON. Jan. 2S.— Up to . half-past
2 o'clock this morning, a little
more than twenty-four hours after
the arrival of General Buller's no
tification that he intended to make
a night attack, no news of the results of
that movement had reached unofficial
England. Whether the officials at the
War Office have received any intelligence
or not— and there are reasons for believ
ing that they have— nothing has beert
made public. There is a deep-seated im
presslon that General Buller has been at
least checked, but that the fighting con
tinues and the War Office is waiting,
hoping to receive better news before tak-
BRITISH PUBLIC FEARS
BULLER HAS MET DEFEAT
London War Office Believed to Be Withholding
News of Disaster to British Arms on
the Tugela River.
GAGE BOWED BENEATH
THE RAILROAD ROD
The Extra Session Was Hatched
in a Conspiracy,
Southern Pacific Dictators Insist That
Balloting for Senator Must Begin
Next Tuesday.
X M approaching extra session of the Legislature is engag-
Jl ™g general attention from men of affairs and the question
is naturally asked why and under what influences Governor
Gage issued the call. That the Governor of this State is a crea
ture of Dan Bunts and the exclusive political property of the Mexi
can is a fact admitted with the deepest humiliation, but nevertheless
without question. That Governor Gage will obey the will of Burns
is acknozclcdgcd, and that the extra session teas called at the com
mand of Burns no one doubts. But until yesterday the secret ma
nipulations of the conspirators were mysterious. Now they are pub
lic property and this morning they are presented.
The extra session of the State Legislature was born last zveck
in room 962 — the room of Jack Wright — at the Palace Hotel. In
this room Governor Gage, William F. Hcrrin, Dan Burns and Jack
Wright met to prepare the call for the extra session, outline their pol
icy and plan their campaign for the election of a United States Sen
ator. In that room the Governor of this State conspired with the
head of the laze department of the Southern Pacific Company, who
is a Democrat when he is not doing the politics of his employer. The
chief executive of California counseled in secret with the Sacra
mento division superintendent of the Southern Pacific Company,
who is also a Democrat.
The Governor called into the conference a man who has been
a defaulter in every public position of trust he ncr held except one,
and zvith these precious advisers Governor Gage determined to sad
dle the State zvith great expense, make the people of California the
spectators of an indecent spectacle at Sacramento and seek again to
lift a rascal into a position of honor. It zvas in this disgraceful way
that the Gcrvcrnor of California decided to call the extra session.
He became the tool and instrument of the men zvho constitute his
unofficial cabinet and dictate his Policy.
More than that, he submitted to the plan of campaign as they
outlined it for him. They determined that on Tuesday next bal
loting shall begin for United States Senator. They decided to cheat
the Federal lazy ivhich governs the election of United States Sena
tors and instead of waiting until the second Tuesday after reor
ganization to begin on the first Tuesday, assuming for their pur
poses that the election is not to be for an unexpired term, but for a
full term.
This is their scheme, and they are determined that it shall not
be defeated. They also discussed the chances of electing Burns as
Senator. As a matter of course, he is their first choice, and noth
ing, discreditable or otherwise, zvill be left undone to elect him. But
if he Cannot be elected, then ihe forces of the conspirators zi-ill be
turned to Van R. Patcrson, the second choice of the railroad. If
again failure rezvards the scheme, then Irving M. Scott will be
thrown into the fight, and after him M. H. de Young. In this way
a cheap executive, scheming railroad manipulators and a rascal
have laid out the work for the extraordinary session of the Legisla
ture.
IN the camp of D. 11 Burns there \s a
scheme under consideration to begin
the balloting for United States Sena
tor as soon as the Legislature con
venes. The point la raised that the
Legislature is already organized and
The claim that the Legislature Is al
ready organized and ready for work will
place on the payroll the entire array of
attaches engaged for service at the reg
ular session. Members have already re
ceived notice that the clerks, porters,
watchmen and attendants from Slsklyou
to San Diego will be at the Capitol next
Monday and demand mileage for their at
tendance. Under the Belshaw law tha
number of clerks and attaches which each
house may employ is designated, hence
the contention that the attaches engaged
at the regular session are statutory offi
cers and therefore entitled to mileage.
When the Legislature convenes steps will
be immediately taken to diminish the
number of clerks and other attaches.
therefore the Federal statute relating to
the election of United States Senators will
not be violated If the voting should begin
immediately. Until recently it was. ac
knowledged by all factions that a ballot
could not be taken until the second Tues
day 1 after the organization. Under the
proclamation issued by Governor Cfage
convening the Legislature on January 29.
and assuming that organization will be
effected on, the day that the Legislature
convenes, the first ballot may be taken
on Tuesday, February 6. The railroad
scheme is to begin the voting for Senator
before members .from certain remote dis
tricts can reach Sacramento.
Men prominent In the Burns faction will
not. admit that such a scheme Is In con
templation, but they will not authorize a
* .
Assemblyman Owen Wade of Napa, who
came down from the valley last evening
to see M. M. Estee on law business, be
lieves that the old army of attaches will
rally at Sacramento next Monday and
that steps must be taken early In the ses
sion to lessen the number. He entertains
the view that committees as established
statement to the contrary. It was ascer
tained yesterday that the Burns men
propose to meet in this city next Saturday
and consider the subject. If precedents
can be found for immediate action they
will advocate balloting on the first day of
the session. Judge Dibble. In looking up
the precedents, has found how the Fed
eral statute was construed in the Stone
man extra session, when A. P. "Williams
was elected Senator to succeed George
Hearst. Governor Stoneman convened
the Legislature in extra session on Wed
nesday, and therefore nearly three weeks
elapsed before the balloting for Senator
began.
In the Faulkner case of "West Virginia,
wherein the right to elect a'Senator at a
special session of the Legislature was dis
puted, the fact was established In the pro
ceedings that the Legislature did not bal
lot until the second Tuesday after the
Legislature convened. Precedents or no
precedents, the anti-boss forces of tha
California Legislature are strong enough
to prevent any snap Judgment by the fol
lowers of Burns and Herrln. The impres
sion, that Democrats •will Join the Re
publican bosses to carry out a scheme in
opposition to the spirit of the Federal law
Is not well founded.
The Federal statute relating to special
sessions of the Legislature requires that
balloting for United States Senator to fill
un unexplred term must begin on the sec
ond Tuesday after the organization of the
Legislature. The Burns men lay stress on
che words "unexpired term." holding that
che election now in view is not to flll an
unexpired term, but a full term of six
years, and that the successful candidate
will draw pay for the term of six years
from March 4. ISOT. Burns is ready to
spring a point of this kind. He may
change his mind when he ascertains tha
sentiment of the people regarding sharp
dodges.
WARREN CAPTURES
KEY TO BOERS' POSITION
Big Battle in the British Ad
vance to Relieve Ladysmith.
Reports of Very Heavy Losses to the
British — General Woodgate Among
the Long List of Wounded.
VOLUME LXXXVII.-2JO. 50.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
SCENES ON THE TUGELA RIVER.
During General Warren's engagement with the Boers at Spion Kop, some
eight miles to the west of Potgleters Drift, General Buller made a supporting
demonstration toward Potgieters with General Lyttelton's brigade, while the
naval guns' on. Zwarta. Kop kept up .'a 'continual' flre on the Boer, works across
the Tugela- River. The central picture, Illustrating . these movements, was
made froma British military map and, gives a fair idea of the . difficulties
attending the passage of. the river at this point,- by. General Duller' 3 forces.BEECHAi'S PILLS
cure bilious and nervous ills,
sick headache, disordered
liver and impaired digestion.
I O cent* and 95 cent*, »t all drug stores.
Check Was Forged.
Social Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 24.— The local firm
of Groajean & Co., grrocerymen, seems to
exist largely for the benefit of clever
confidence operators. About a year ago
one Harrigran who claimed to be a rela
tive of the President, ran up a large
account there and skipped, and now Eric
Erlckson, a woodchopper, has pone back
to Sweden with $200 which he obtained
from the firm by a forged check. A
month ago Eric presented a check for $200
to Salvador - Pacheco, a member of the
firm. The check was indorsed by John
Enos, Erlckson's employer, a wealthy
•wood hauler, who became notorious in
connection with the "French Pete" mys
tery. Pacheco smilingly handed over the
coin and Erlckson walked away. Noth
ing more was thought of the matter till
yesterday, when Enos came to town and
Pacheco mentioned the transaction to
him. Then, too late, it was learned that
the wily Eric had forged his employer's
name.. A warrant was issued for Erick
eons' arrest, but with no result up to late
to-night.
What is wanted of soap
/or the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
b why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
conggists; all sorts of people use it.
#-o-»-o-*-o-*- o-*-o-«-o -?¦ ©-•¦©-?¦o-»-o-»-o-«-o-«»
+ 2_ i_ ¦ — _ ?
? 11 Natural Mineral Waiar ?
? ImSfL known for o«nturiea and *
*? i/s*£& imported o
t /^SpL ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
t MSM For Disorderad Siomeli ?
? UlKSi&Bml * ni ladigestioa
2 —it.-J^^-~^ Its Talue hi »» been trstl- a
0 tkS^^St cd Io *** thousands. ?
? VICHY So-called Vichy in Sy- ®
O t^J-Lsg^i. chons J
o S,^^J IS NOT VICHY - *
5 £lfc££«s*id£2 ¦ Tour physician O
0 J
what we all know In these black, gloomy
days— there would have been no war. It
Is dreadful but true that a want of fore
sight and decent Information led the Gov
ernment to stumble, lnto war in the dark.
Lord Salisbury's menacing speech of July
2S if applied to a great power, could only
have meant war. It was absurd, If the
Government really believed in a Dutch
conspiracy, to spend time in negotiations
regarding the franchise. The conspiracy
was an afterthought of the Government,
conjured up to make a hideous and ghast
ly blunder."
In conclusion, Mr. Morley declined to
commit himself as to what would happen
in the future, but he warned his hearers
not to be duped by the idea that the
Boers after defeat would settle -down
quietly. With reference to the point at
which the conflict would come to an end,
Mr. Morley observed: '
"Something depends on a chance, which
I hope is remote but ls certainly not in
visible, of our being called off to meet
dangers in other quarters."
LYDDITE EFFECTIVELY
USED BY THE BRITISH
gp«?clal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.— The Tribune haß
tho following from London: Nothinff is
yet known as to the result of General
Culler's night attack on Splon Kop. The
latest news from the scene of operations
in Natal is contained in a brief exchange
message dispatched from Hpearmans
iVan'.p at 9:30 o'clock on Tuesday night.
which says that General Warren was BUU
attacking and the Boer position was being
Eearched by a tei rifle fire from the Britisli
howitzers. A party of* British stretcher
bearers were fired upon, several being
.wounded.
Reuters correspondent dispatched a
telegram at the same time from spear
mans Camp showing Tuesday's operations
resulted in distinct advantage to General
Warren's forces. The British Held guns
had been reinforced by howitzers, which
quickly made effects of tho lyddite felt.
The Boers retired from the crest of their,
kopje and it was at once occupied by the
British troops. Later they wcro also
driven from a stone wall, which they had
held for hours and had to cross a ravine
under lyddite and shrapnel tire from the
British "artillery.
The statement was issued In Brussels
yesterday that General Warren's advance
had proved abortive, but so far as known
at present there was no need to attach
any importance to the pessimistic report.
General Mcthuen made a reconnoisaance
on Monday toward the Boer position at
Magersfonteln. The infantry retired at
dusk, but the British big guns during the
night and in the early morning Tuesday
fired a number of shells against the Boer
position, blowing up. 11 Is believed, a
magazne or black powder.
Reuters dispatches from Klmberley
give some interesting details of, the ser
vices rendered the garrison and town by
Cecil Rhodes and the DC Beers Company
and describe the bombardment as carried
on by Boers last Tuesday with great per
tinacity, but with no casualties on tho
British side. The thirty-pounder gun cast
by the De Beers Company is reported to
be shooting capitally and Mr. Rhodes
himself has fired several shots.
*
REPORT A SLAUGHTER
OF BRITISH SOLDIERS
LONDON, Jan. 24.— A dispatch from
Pretoria, dated Tuesday. January ZS,
somewhat amplifies the dispatch of Mon
day January 22. from the Boer head
laager, cabled to the Associated Press
last evening. It sayß:
Four or five times during the day the
British replaced their wearied soldiers by
fresh ones. The Boer casualties to date
are one man killed and two slightly in
jured. Our men are In excellent spirits.
There is a large slaughter of the BritisK
General Botha ls now in sole command.
General Cronje bavins been sent else-
The same dispatch, evidently referring
to the situation at Colenao, says:
"One- of the large Boer Maxims was
temporarily disordered, but was soon re
paired. The British north camp ls in
confusion. People are observed
aimlessly in all directions."
LADYSMITH GARRISON
IS GIVEN NO REST
LONDON. Jan. 24.— Dispatches from
Boer sources describe the renewal of the
bombardment of Ladysmith as more
heavy than any previous fighting and as
Intended to discourage' a sortie, symp
toms of preparations for egress from the
town having been observed from the
Boer positions. Special dispatches hello
graphed from Ladysmith on Monday say
that the investment haa not been re
laxed and that the garrison has ceased
to speculate regarding the precise date
of deliverance, r :/ ; \~^
BEGINS TO UNDERSTAND
AMERICAN SENTIMENT
LONDON. Jan. 24.— Commenting on
Captain Maban's friendly attitude, the St.
James Gazette to^-da'y remarks: v . :
, His advice is good and Is needed In America.
While &trict neutrality . la. maintained In the
official world and good will for England Ib felt
by the better Informed, it Is simply misleading
the public of this country to suggest, as some
correspondents are doing, that antagonism to
England is confined to a negligible body of
Americans. The sympathy of America, as a
whole, ls as a matter of fact, no more with
England at this 'moment than was our popu
lar sympathy with them at the outbreak of the
war with Spain, and the contrast of official
Loss of Appetite I
Loss of Energy!
Loss of Strength:
<^ ffj^3tt-^^f^ -*i JTSgPc^^^3Css^
DAMAGING TESTIMONY
AGAINST DR. GILES
Compromising Admission Hade to
the Sheriff la Presence of the
IMstrict Attorney.
Special EMrpatch to The Call.
JACKSON. Jan. 24.-The third day of
the Giles case brought out damaging evi
dence against the defendant. The District
Attorney Is vigorously prosecuting, ably
seconded by the Sheriff. Coroner Grltton
was the first Witness to-day and testified
to holding the Inquest and the fact that
defendant admitted the presence of de
ceased In his office the day the operation
Is said to have been performed; that she
was In a weakened state; that he made
an examination, using bis sound, and told
her she was not In a condition to undergo
further examination at that time. Rob
erts, the undertaker, said he was called
to the Darling house November 10 and
found Giles there. The doctor said it was
a sudden death, caused by a rupture or
hemorrhage. The doctor admitted to wit
ness that he had used an Instrument on
deceased, but declared it would not hurt
any one; that he had used the same fre
quently on other women. 1 ."
Sheriff Gregory was again placed on the.
stand to relate a conversation with de
fendant In the presence of the District
Attorney, in which Giles, speaking of the
matter, Eaid that It should not occur
again.
Defendant said Darling came to his of
fice and wanted to fix a time when he
could see his wife: that she came and
he made an examination and told her to
come again. The doctor said further that
after the death of Mrs. Darling the hus
band visited his office, demanding $130.
PUNISHMENT OF
CHAPLAIN SHIELDS
Dismissed From the
Army Service.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— Post Chaplain
David H. Shields has been dismissed from
the army of the United States, to take
effect February 1. and Rev. Edmund T.
Easterbrook Of New York has been ee
lected for appointment to the vacancy.
The action of the case of Chaplain Shields
was the result of court T martlal proceed
ings. He was tried at San Francisco for
conduct unbecoming a.n officer and a gen
tleman. In consequence of the alleged use
of Intoxicating liquor, and was convicted
and sentenced to be dismissed. The case
came before the President In the usual
course of procedure and he approved the
sentence yesterday, directing it to take
effect on the Ist proximo.
Captain Shields Is a native of Penn
sylvania anU has been In the military
service since August Id. 1597. His alleged
transgressions occurred while en route to
San Francisco In compliance with orders
to Join the army In the Philippines.
A Good Place to Go.
Btranjers. aa well as Ban Franciscans., all
cay that Zlnkand'a dinners are the beet in the
city. •
MAKE PERFECT MEN
j^ffK PO >OT t> F..H Palu ! Do not Sur ¦
gFtt&Sk* f.yLonserl The joy* ma »mbttlonVof
*«^^CT lite can b« restored to you The »»r,
la ¦**£& worst c-iMi of Mei-Tou. Debility 17*
*£ra£Jiaf Indiscretion, or excesses of earTy Tears'
<h«H and lustre to the tjes of /&\ ,'°°™ '? i?*
One 50e box renew* »it«l energy: OT ]« Z°« °^
$3.sO a eorapleteguarinteedcuf«.yrf*Jxyor mon.T r*!
fcind.<t C*n b« carried Id Te.t %Wf noek?t £«!£
everywhere. or mailed In plain wr«Dt>«r Sn ?ZZ<J?. .
pn^ b7b 7 Tin nmcni do., cuu. p E£™c2s£^*
gold by Owt Drm Co.. 8. y. o*JU*a4.
The world does not need so much to be Informed as to be reminded.
Everybody in this city knows we sell better goods for the money than
anybody here or elsewhere, but still we find it a good plan to remind the
readers of this paper of this fact The prices named below, when coupled
with the goods named, afford convincing proof.
EGGS— TABLE APBIOOTS—
Strictly fresh, none better: do» 25 Columbus brand XT
HONEY— HAMS —
Strictly fancy. 1-rb frame*, i for 35 Excelsior, Eastern, none finer 11 1-2
r-RPAivr ny maize— gei,attne—
c^stS..Sr «^~.. « «SSS& Amerl ~ n ls • 4 ¦*
BAKED BEANS— * -u<u
Libby's Mb tin,; r*r tin 12 1-2 %&«s%£*? ggS? ggfc ™« ~
ASPABAGTJS— .^l! **
Oakland Preserve Co.'b new rood. 15 -BAKU MUkD?-
sabdines- l?^*™:™™}?.™*?:™^ 5
Popular Albert Roche. S for ?&"?% BIRD GRAVEJr-
Penaroa Boneless: per tin ** *-^
. J H-n> package with euttla ben. .....B
FRTJIT— •_ ; MACARONI—
aßt?a Bt ?, rr n n . s :: a . w . be f!!? 8 .. 0 r.. R .!!! > . 1 :?!r. I !M?.i a o« r *..« imp*™; ?* packaffe ...io
CONDENSED CREAM- U1 ??? SAXAD OIL—
Empresa brand: per tin » *Sa^&^S<^^. "& OO
SOUP TABLETS— . PRUNES—
Knorr's Qerman. none better 5 "Strictly fancy French. Io rrsde: this
PICKLES— t,. W t^™ c
New. in 5-sallon ke»» C 9 HAISINS —
CATSUP— Seedleas. in bulk, per Ib 8
Eastern; •mall bottle Be. I»xse b0tt1e.. .13 T«l«-I.« «II 4 *. «• mja
bod a crackers— telephone Orders to Mam 1340.
Extra's, beat, fresh: U-««*e» 47 en •
Strlrtly cholre Oregon; per ba* T5 «§2& . ¦Ks|!||g E3 ™@jr* gxi Fg fe^k. ••
nurnh.im"!«. pints. 20c: quarts +O H BtM fl SH EH iJtIP
CASH STOPF
CANNED CORN- Vr *^ W TUI \*!
Strictly finest Eastern. New York SUte..lO J£ 0 /g£&£? freT" "*" ?f .
Oar Teams Pass Yonr Door Daily. | 25-27 Market St., near the FeJj.
MABINI'S PLEA
IS LAID ASIDE
Cannot Be Heard Until
Aguinaldo Surrenders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— The proposi
tion made through the New York Herald
by the Filipino leader, Senor Mablni, for
a civil commission to treat with the Fil
ipinos, will not be considered by the ad
ministration until Aguinaldo surrenders,
and In official circles the general disposi
tion is to regard Mablnl's request aa
another play for delay.
It Is the purpose of President McKlnley
tO Inaugurate a Civil government to super
sede military rule In the Philippines at
the earliest possible moment, and he is fa
vorably Inclined toward a commission In
lieu of a Governor General, and is dis
cussing the question of available men for
such a commission.
In addition to a commission for the
government of the islands it is not un
likely that Congress will appoint a joint
commission to investigate the islands
next summer and report to the next ses
sion as a guide for future legislation.
A great deal of interest was manifested
in Congressional circles in the communi
cation from Senor Mabinl. There is some
diversity of opinion over the proposition
and its feasibility. Senator Hoar, leader
of the anti-administration forces in this
fight, was deeply Interested in the propo
sition.
"That Bounds fair and Just." said he
"and I do not see how such a proposition
can. be declined. As I understand all the
Filipinos ask is that Congress listen to
them before deciding their fate-."
LIEUTENANT STOCKLEY
PROBABLY A PRISONER
Officer of the Twenty-First Infantry
at San Tomas Has Been Miss
~;f ing Several Days.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— General Otis
to-day cabled the War Department as fol
lows:
MANILA, Jan. 24.— Lleuten&nt Stockley,
Twenty-flrst Infantry, has been missing since
the 12th lnst. lit was on reconnoitertng duty at
Tallsay. near San Tomas, Bat&ngaß. and was
evidently captured. Search is ftlll being: pros
ecuted. OTIB.
Paul Devereaux Stockley Is a second
lieutenant in the Twenty-first Infantry,
having, been appointed August 23. 1899.
He was born at Cleveland, Ohio, July 14,
PUTSING WILL SUCCEED
EMPEROR KWANGSU
Nine-Year-Old Son of Prince Tuano
About to Ascend the Throne
of China.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 25.— The North China
Dally News publishes an edict signed last
night by Emperor Kwangsu appointing
as Emperor in his place Putslng, the nine
year-old son of Prince Tuano.
The new Emperor will ascend the throne
on January 31.
AFGHAN AMEER FEARS
A RUSSIAN INVASION
Orders All Roads leading From
Herat to Cutsak to Be Closely-
Guarded.
BERLIN. Jan. 25.-The Afghan Ameer,
according to a dispatch from St. Peters
burg, has ordered all roads leading from
Herat to Cutsak. in Transcaspia, to be
guarded and at the same timp the frontier
garrisons have been re-enforced.
. *
Rudolph Wittenbrock Dead.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 24.-Rudolph Wit
tenbrock, a well-known hop-grower anl
capitalist, died suddenly at his home in
this city this evening of heart disease.
He was a native of Germany and 75 years
of age. He leaves a widow, one eon and
seven married daughters.
GET TOUR
SUITS AT
POHEIM'S
While the prices remain
reduced. There • no
such value elsewhere in
tailor-mads suits. The
following prices are for
first- class garments :
Sack Suits. n0w....91f>.50
Frock Suits Z2.50
Prince Albert Sulta. 23.00
Full Dreaa Sulta... 40.00
Overcoats . . ."$'. .... — .>.»:.>
Pants 4.30
JOE POHEIM,
THE TAILOR.
11 W- 1112 Market St..
201-2°3 Montsomery St..
SAN FRA.N'dSCO.
PETITION TO OUST
ATTORNEY DARLINGTON
Accused of Having Refused to Per
form the Duties of His
Office.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE. Jan. 24.— An. accusa
tion and petition was filed this afternoon
In the Superior Court of this county by
John E. Sexton, charging that District
Attorney Abe Darling-ton had willfully.
unlawfully and feloniously refused to per
form the duties of his office and praying
for his removal from his office. The mat.
ter prows out of the refusal of the Dis
trict Attorney to prosecute H. Weinstock
Of the well-known firm of 'Weinstock, Lu
bin & Co. of Sacramento, who was ar
rested in December last on a "warrant
sworn to by Sexton, charging him with
the commission of a felony, for advertis
ing in his annual catalogue an article,
the sale of or the advertising for sale is
made a felony by the provisions of the
Penal Code of the State.
When the matter came up for hearing
in the Justice of the Peace Court of Dia
mond Sprlnps Township the District At
torney ordered a dismissal of the case
without subjecting Mr. 'Welnstoek to a
preliminary examination, he stating at
the time that he did not consider that
there was any evidence of the commission
of a crime by Mr. Weinstock.
MAIL FOR ALASKA.
Postofflce Department Has Arranged
to Improve the Service.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— The Postofflce
Department has opened bids for the Alas
kan mall service during the coming sum
mer. The service from San Francisco via
St. Michael to points along the Yukon
and to Dawson and Circle City will be
continued. Four round trips will be made.
A like service from Seattle will remain
In force, three round trips being made.
All classes of mall matter will be carried
by the steamers making these trlpa— an
Innovation In this service. The steamers
carrying: this mall from St. Michael , to
Cape Nome will extend the service to
Cape York, making four round trips be
tween June 9 and October 9. In addition to
the foregoing, early trips will be made
from San Francisco to Nome and from
Seattle to Nome, starting April 30. when.
navigation opens in Alaska, A later trip
between the points mentioned will be
made, leaving Nome October 15.
Cattle Thief Confesses.
REDDING, Jan. 24. — A. H. Norred made
a full confession in the County Jail to
day to District Attorney Dozier. Norred
Is the youngest of three men charged
with grand larceny In the theft of cattle.
WARREN TAKES
SPION KOP.
LONDON, Jan. 25, 9:45
a. m. — The "War Office has re
ceived a telegram stating that
General Warren has occupied
, Spion Kop.
to the Boer sympathizers especially the tn
advlsablllty of public meetings on this qUCS*
tton. { There are very many among us, myself
certainly one. who feel as stronffly In favor of
Great Britain as others do of, her opponents.
Let! us all be careful. not to provoke one,an
other iby Immoderate expressions of opinion, to
which- public meetings tend. Those on one Bide
pYpyoVe retaliation on the other: nay. they
make it necessary, for in the problems' of , the
near future a good understanding with Great
Britain 1 is too important for us to permit the
linpre*Blon that we are all against her here
ahd we may find ourselves in the unseemly
state of party division for and against for
eign, itates. as in the beginning of this century
bjetwreen the French and British parties. I
Avail myself of this opportunity to say that
In my judgment not only is the cause of Great
Britain just, but to have failed to uphold it
would have been to fail in national honor.
SIGNAL DEFEAT OF
WARREN IS CLAIMED
BERLIN, Jan. 24.— German press tacti
cians are almost unanimously of the opin
ion that the situation of the Rritish forces
around Ladysmith is desperate. The Ber
liner Tageblatt prints a Brussels special
claiming that Sir Charlps Warren has been
Flgnally defeated. A military writer for
the Kreuz Zeltung pays the movement to
relieve, Ladysmith has failed, rendering
the British line of retreat endangered.
1575, and his residence, when appointed,
was 120 Liberty street. New York.
VARIOUS TRANSPORTS
EN ROUTE TO THIS CITY
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.-General Otis
has Informed the War Department of the
arrival at Manila of the transports Vic
toria on January 6 and of the Flintshire
on the 23d inst. The transports which car
ried the various regiments to the Philip
pines have started on the return voyage
to San Francisco, as follows: The Ohio
and the Indiana on the sth: City of Pu
ebla and the Slam on the 6th; Pathan on
the 7th; Meade on the Sth: Dalny Vostok
and the Oater on the 12th; Sherman on
the 14th; Logan on the 14th, and Columbia
on the 15th. The Lennox left for Port
land on the 2d lnst .
INSURGENTS DEFEATED
BY SCHWAN AT SAN DIEGO
MANILA, Jan. 25, 9:45 a, m.— A part of
General Schwan's column, consisting: of
six companies with some artillery, drove
a force of 500 Insurgents from their ln
trenchments at San Diego, near San
Pablo, on Sunday. The enemy officially
reported that they lost sixty-seven killed
and many wounded. Our casualties were
one killed and fourteen wounded, the in
jurles In most Instances being slight.
Another battalion, while executing a
flank movement, came upon a hundred
other rebels in intrenched position and
routed them, killing fifteen. The Ameri
cans had two wounded.
General Schwan moved against Majay-
Jay, La Guna province, on Tuesday.
He found Its position almost Impregna
ble, but by lowering men down the steep
river banks by ropes flanked the enemy
and drove them out. A part of his com
mand proceeded to Santa Cruz, killing
six insurgents.
General Wheeler and his daughter left
on Wednesday on the transport Warren
for San Francisco via Hongkong and
Guam.
: (From an Old Admiralty Sketch.)
This port, through which the Boers are said to be running in supplies for the TranSVaal, HeS flhOUt 250 mlleS tO
the northeast Of LOUrenZO MarqUeZ, 011 Delagoa Bay. It iS seldom Visited by other than Portuguese vessels. The
accompanying map shows Its relative position to the Transvaal and Delagoa Bay.
ENTRANCE TO INHAMBANE BAY.
Assumptionists' Trial Ended.
PARIS. Jan. 24.— The trial of the
twelve Assumptionist Fathers before the
Correctional Tribunal resulted to-day in
their sentence to the payment of a fine 01
sixteen franc?, and the court decreed the
dissolution of the order. The proceedings
closed without incident.
Ask your druggist for Phroso, the superloi
face lotion and powder. •
questions of the War of American Inde
pendence.
"It Is quite certain," continued Mr,
Morley, "that had the Government ap
preciated the temper of the Transvaal
people and foreseen what was coming-—
and popular attitudes Is no less marked in the
United States than it Is In Germany.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— Following Is the
letter of Captain Alfred T. Mahan which
has caused discussion in the British press:
May I suggest to your citizens generally and
POLYGAMY ASSAILED BY
CONGRESSMAN LANDIS
Argument on the Roberts Case a Bit
ter Denunciation of Mormon
Methods.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASH
INGTON, Jan. 24. — Brigham H. Roberts is to be turned out of the
House of Representatives to-morrow, without being allowed tO take
the oath of office. No definite agreement has yet been reached for a
vote to-morrow, but it is the general understanding that before the
House adjourns the vote will be taken, and all indications point to
the defeat of the minority resolution providing for the adminis
tration of the oath as a preliminary to expulsion and the adoption
of the majority resolution with, possibly, some modifications. Mr.
Roberts has persistently declared that he would continue the fight
if the action of the House should be adverse to him and will en
deavor to carry the case to the courts in some way. As the time for
final action by the House approaches he becomes less combative.
When I saw him to-night he said he had no idea of what he would
do, as he had not been able to make up his mind as to what course
was open to him.
:'*•¦•¦¦ ¦ ¦¦:'¦'
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24. — The second
day's debate in the Hou?c upon the Rob
erts case was leps dramatic than that of
yesterday. The galleries were almost
a? crowded, but the ladies nere less de
rrioi»fctra.tive. The President's pastor,
liev. Dr. Bristol, was in the executive
ealiery the greater portion of the after
noon listening to the arguments. Mr. lt..b
erts was not present during the day. Had
he bet* he would have heard the most
scathing excoriation of the Mormons ever
delivered upon the floor of the House.
Mr. Landis of lndia.na. the young ora
idt who distinguished himself during the
last Congress in an oratorical duel with
Mr. Johnson of his State, won new lau
reis to-day. He charged that Utaii had
been admitted to the Union as a result
of a Mormon conspiracy, and reviewed
the history of the apostles of the church,
¦whom he charged with living in open and
flagrant violation of the law of the State
against polygamy, to show that they had
basely broken their solemn pledge to the
Government. The other speakers to-day
were IfessnL Powers (H.) of Vermont and
Miers <L». » of Indiana, for the majority
resolution; Messrs. Snodgrass (D.) of
Tennessee and Wilson (Silver R.) of
Idaho for the minority resolution. Mr. La
cey (R.) Of lowa for his proposition to ex
pel without swearing in. and Mr. Crum
packer <R.) of Indiana for exclusion by a
iwo-thirds majority. The speeches to
day greatly strengthened the majority
resolutions, which seemed In danger of
failing after Mr. Littlefields speech yes
terday, and Chairman Tayler was confi
dent to-night that they would be adopted
when the House votes to-morrow after
noon.
Powers of Vermont was the first
Fpeaker. He argued in behalf of the ex
clusion of Roberts. The contention of the
minority for expulsion, he said, ran up
against tho very precedents cited in Ks
Mipport. It was the universal rule that a
member could not be expelled for an of
fense committed prior to election. \\ rule
it might be argued in Roberts' case that
polygamy K*a* a continuing status, the
crime ilsdf. the initial act, took place
long before Mr. Roberts was ejected.
"We are not separating wife from hus
band." *aid Powers, commenting on Rob
erts' epeech of yesterday. "Polygamy has
never been legal in Utah, eitner before
cr after her admission into the L'nlon. Po
lygamy was Illegal under the common law
of England. Trie moment he took wife
Ko. 2 the marriage whs void.
"Roberts knew the law. He cannot
row plead the "baby act' against the law
*tnd stern justice."
Snodgrajss of Tennessee followed Pow
ers, supporting the views of the minority
in favor of seating and then expelling
"If we were not to become the expo
rents of the French system of justice,"
he said, "which presumed guilt until in
nocence was proved, Roberts must be ac
corded his prlma facia right to his beat
l»efore being -ousted."
Lanflis of Indiana, a member of the
Roberts committee, who signr-d the nu
{orttv report, argued that Ctah had vio
tled. her compact with the Unifnl States.
JLandis saJd he believed, and Roberts
had not denied, that Margaret C. Shipp
had become Roberts' plural wife since
I'tah was admitted, in 1 5 56. He paid a
high tribute to the Christian misßionartoß
who had workt-d among the people of
Vtah. Roberts he said, had boasted that
he had received the votes of the Gentiles
in his district. That. Landis said, was be
cause he ran as a Democrat as well as a
Mormon, and because his opponent "f.ad
been a Danite who had killed his man."
Ijandih rv^errted as unworthy of belief
the rharee made. rw» fcaid. by Senator
¦Kawlins that the President had appoin'.
c-d notorious polygamists to office. The
ppnator might as well accuse the Hou*e
of fnflorsing pplypamy. Plnce it had
passed a bill appropriating $40,000 for trie
agricultural college at l^ogan, Utah.
Continuing, Mr. L.andis sai<3:
The president of that college is a poiygamist,
livir.g in oi>en and notorious polygamy with
three wives. One of his leading professors is
a polygamlFt, living with two wives. The trus
tee Is a polyKamlst. livirp In op*-n and noto
riou* polygamy with *3VPn wives (laughter) and
they have blessed him with thirtx-nine children.
Tfcf President is innocent and we are Innocent,
because we jiut faith in the pledge and promifce
Ot the pious covenant breakers. (Applause and
lauthter.)
Paces must be written of the violation Of
the compact by wMch I'iah was tlven a rtar.
Ah, Mr. S;>eaker. that i=tar lt> a fallen star; it
CJr»es not F.hlne with the brilliancy and luster
of her sister stars It chine? by cunning and
deceit, by treachery", by fraud. It speaks of
critte and of* violation of the moi-t solemn
covenant ever made between Territory and the
Union. (Arrlause.)
We have as a Representative from Utah a
man with three wives, the last one taken, the
report says, a* near as we can ascertain, be
fore 1*5(0. It Is In evidence that he did not
. hold her out a* his wife, nor Ehe him c* her
husband until 1R97. l*p to 1595 she lived under
the name of Shlpp and under the roof of Shipp.
I don't believe If any marriage ceremony wu
ever •olemnized that It was solemnized prior
to 183«. I believe, and he did not deny, that
that woman became his plural wife after Utah
was taken Into the American Union. And 1
eharre here that Utah came In as the result of
a deliberate conspiracy to free that people from
the hea\-y hand of the Federal authority and
then enable them to live their religion un
hindered. In ISJS Mr. Roberts was a candidate
for Congress and the church disciplined and de
feated him, because the time wag not then ripe
, for a poiycamist to come to the American Con
greys. He became a candidate In ISSB and the
man who placed him before the convention said
j that he ran by tK-rminsion of the church. In
j ISSI ftc were encagod In a war with a foreign
J foe. American manhood was away from horn*
•or all absorbed in country. Valor was at war
i and virtue uas at jiraypr— the North and the
. S.njth under one flas. They hoped in this g«n
! oral condition of magnanimity tv come back,
• and it wa.« then this perjured cheat attempted
i 10 crawl in. £ir. v came by itself, but tt win
• be hurlrd hack boldly and In the open day by
i the outraged Indignation of [heAmerlcan peo
ple. <Ai<plause.) And across ynn threshold
will be written in letter? l.irce enough to be
¦ read from the National Capitol to the Mormon
j T>n;rle. "No pol> eamist shall ever sit as a
I member Of the American Contrew." lAp-
I plause.)
| The gentleman from Vtah <Mr. Roberts) haa
j bcf-n particularly severe on the missionaries.
| I <Inn't wonder at It. The missionary has given
I attention to the polyKamist, has stood in his
j path, has scattered thor&J along his way, and
lor thii, he is branded as a fpotter, an in-
I former and a fly. History will bear out this
¦ statement, that although these fanatical priests
; and their deluded followers put a thousand
i miles of trackl«?Hs wilderness, a thousand miles!
j of desert wa^lf infected with eavases. between
I civilization, between their camp of bigotry ami
j crime, yet the distance was not too creat nor
: wer< the hardships too severe to daunt the
, spirit of the missionary of the Christian church.
i He tracked polygamy ami faced it in its lair.
• The Danites. as cruel an<i pitiless a band of cut
i throats as ever handled the elltterlng Fteel.
! carried on the murderous work of the church.
j Still the missionary tolled on. The blood aton
] err silence.fi forever in death the voice gf apop
j tacy. but that hindered not the missionary. The
¦ Guveniment practically abandoned the field.
considering that it was powerless to hinder that
I monster, fortified in those mountain fastnesses;
I but the American Christian missionary with a
i courage that now Fecms sublime, with a fidel-
I ity to puri-ose that is now an Inspiration, foat-
I tied on in the fear of God and for the love
of humanity. (Applause.)
Hut the tentleman Fays: "We took these
women In good faith and we should not aban
don them." There are two thousand polyga
mous families in I'tah. Provide for your plural
j wiv.s, take care of your plural children, but
¦ lefrain. refrain for God's sake, from multiply
; ing the illegitimates in the new State of
llah. (Applause.)
j Mr. Kcl.erts ha* sneered at a good and nobie
woman. Miss Helen Gould, who helped to or
j panlze this movement against him. When our
boys fell from dUease or In battle her millions
wept. And wlio knows but that to-day the
i same name that was spoken as reverently at
I Santiago and Montauk Point by American Bol
i diers iii llsiied in reverence out there In Utah
I by Unit women, doomed by brutal bigots to the
beliefs that their celeptlan exaltation will be In
proportion as they ministered to the rotten and
i lustful notions of a. corrupt priesthood. (Ap-
I plause.)
I I say that the people of this country expect
us to turn htm back. I protest against his cora
lne In. I protest on behalf of the constituency
| that has read the ten commandments and the
i sermon on the mount. I protest on behalf of the
I American homes, made beautiful, by love and
! devotion and holy by the virtue of our woman-
I hood. I protest on behalf of the "American
: mother and her child and the American father
j who will never consent to the enthronement
a:.d deification of human passion.' I protest on
behalf of those doomed to illicltimacy. 1 pro
1 test on behalf of the honest Mormons, those
who believe in keeplne inviolate the condition
upon which Utah was admitted to the American
T'nlon. The countr i» waiting for us to act.
The people are waiting off In New England,
whose homes have been made a pattern for
this continent. They are waiting In the broad
jweep of the MlFJlsslppi Valley, a section of
this country purged of this very Infamy a half
century ago. They are waiting In the new
states of the West. States whose territory has
been invaded and whose atmosphere has been
poisoned by this very plague. And way down
South In Dixie, where honor is religion, where
gallantry 1* law and virtue Is the hleh Ideal
of beautiful womanhood. States are waiting
to-day, waiting for the American chl\'alry to
Fpeak. (Loud applause.)
Lacey of lowa argued in behalf of his
proposition for the expulsion of Roberts
without swearing him In. - Miers of Indi
ana supported the. majority resolution.
Clark of Missouri interrupted to say
•that if he had been Roberts* legal ad
viser he would have had him on the first
day of the session object to every member
whose name was on the roll. He would
have had the whole concern "In the hole."
Raid Clark; "but," he added, "i was
neither his legal nor spiritual adviser."
Lacey combatted this statement, argu
ing: that the members on the roll could
have passed upon each objection. Mier»
of Indiana, a member of the special com
mittee, supported the majority resolu-
tlon. He denied vigorously that the peo
ple of UtaK were to be charged with dis
loyalty to their compact with the Union.
So far as the State was concerned polyg
amy, he fald. was dead.
Mcl'herson of lowa, another member of
the committee, also advocated the adop
tion of the majority report. He said the
minority could not sneer down the objec
tion to Roberts' admission on the ground
that Utah had violated her compact with
the United States, and quoted a decision
of the late Justice Chase to the effect that
a State could violate her compact to 6uch
an extent that Congress could deny her
representation. McPherson declared that
once seated Roberts could never be ex
pelled. He devoted much of his time to
answering the argument of Littlefleld. At
times he was exceedingly caustic.
Crumpacker of Indiana was unable to
agree with the resolutions of either
branch of the committee. He wanted the
majority report amended so as to require
a two-thirds vote to adopt it.
Wilson of Idaho challenged some of tho
statements made against the Mormon peo
ple. He eaid he represented 30,000 Mor
mons and that In all that made good citi
senshlp they were the equal of any con
stituency in the country. He affirmed
that the Mormon church abandoned polyg
amy as a doctrine In 1890 In good faith,
and he believed the' people had lived up
to their promise. Upon his responsibil
ity as a member he stated that polygamy
was not being entered into in Idaho, and
the church had recently Issued a procla
mation against it, which he had read. He
was opposed to polypamy as much as any
member and he repudiated the statement
that the church was teaching, advocating
or advising Its practice. At 6:15 p. m. the
House adjourned.
GROWING FEAR THAT
BULLER HAS MET DEFEAT
Continued From First Page.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
He Implicates the other two as well a»
himself. He gave all the details con
nected with their crimes, the dates dif
ferent cattle were killed, the dist>ositior
of the meat. etc. The three young men
according to Norred'a confession, had
been engaged In the lucrative but <san
perous employment of shooting 1 othfr peo
ple's cattle on the winter ranges ot Happy
Valley and- disposing of the meat to un
suspecting purchasers.
W\ ID YOU EVER EXPERIENCE THESE?
you do then be cured. HUDYAN win cure you.
Have you headaches or diziy seal's, as desig-
nated 6y Fig. 1? Are you p?ue or emaciated as
in Fife. J? Have you * coated tongue or offen-
sive breath. Fig. 3? If you observe these symp-
toms, then take HUDYAN. for HUDYAN will
at once relieve you.
Perhaps you notice flutterini? or palpitation of
heart. Fig. 4: bloatlnc or pain In Btomaeh. Fig.
5; Inactivity or torpidity of liver, as Indicated
by Fie «. All these symptoms and the for»-
gjotnff ones Indicate Dyspepsia- Be- cured by
HUDYAN, for HUDYAN never falls In tnese
cases.
I>o you not know
4 4- that dyspepsia and
MEN AND Indigestion are fore-
WOMEN runners of Uleeratlon
ADVISED °'- tne Stomach, of
FRFP Heart complication.
r»ii nr Writ. <>t inflammation
Can or Write. of Uver a,,^,
T ~ You can avert these
serious and danser-
ous complications, for
If you tak« HTJDTAM now you will soon be en-
tirely cured.
HUDYAN* was never known to fall in diseases
of this nature, for HUDYAN strengthens all
the glands that are concerned in the digestion
of your food and stimulates them to perfect
activity.
HL'DYAN Is fcr sale by 4rug?!st3— sCe a pack-
age or six packages for $2 50.
If your druffgtst does not ke*>p HUDYAN
send direct to the HUDTAX REMEDY CO..
cor. Stockton. Ellis and Market gtreets. San
Francisco, CaL
T CONSULT t C 0""11C 0 "" 11 Frco tho
I FREE. I Hudyao Doctors. Call
? ¦ ¥ or write to them.
$QQOO
FOR 3 ROOMS OAK FURNITURE.
BEDROOM SET. 2 . PIECtSt. 1 ROCKER. I
CHAIRS. 1 WIRE MATTRESS. 1 TOP MAT-
TRESS. 1 CENTER TABiE. 1 PAIR Fllr
LOW 8.
DINIXO ROOM. 8-FOOT OAK EXTENSION
T K?TCHEX,' NO. 7 STOVE A!TO BOX. 1 PAT-
ENT KITCWEN TABLE AND I CHAIRS.
ESTIMATES CHEFRFULLI GIVEN.
Also toll line of CARPETS from 400 aa.
T. BRITLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Opp. ¦ Union ' Pqu*r*. cor. Powell.
Open evenings. rre» dellvtry Oakland, Ala-
meda and Berkeley-
Aseptic
Eye-Glasses
AsJc your doctor how Important they are.
New CJId makes them so. and It don't slip,
tilt or waver.
Oculists' jiresertptlons filled. Quick repair-
Ing. Factory on premises. Phcne Main 10.
OIWIAW^^.gWWIBL
642 Market STi i*»TßUr«siro
The Craving for Stimulants.
This question has lately attracted ' a great
deal of attention from the medical profession.
The use of stimulants seems to b« increasing.
This clearly shows an exhausted condition of
the nerves and blood, which may be remedied
only by strengthening the stomach. Hostet-
ter's Stomach nttters will do this for you. , It
brings all the energy of a stimulant with no
injurious effects. It cures dyspepsia, constipa-
tion and nervousness.
2by The Call correspondent to-day if he
had heard that an extra session of the
California Legislature had been called.
Judge Barham said: "yes, I have been
informed that Governor Gage has called
an extra session. I sinceroly hope that
among others the duties which they will
perform will be to elect a United States
Senator. I am a candidate for Senator,
and if the people, through their Legis
lature, shall see fit to elect me, I shall
discharge the duties of tho ofilce accord
ing to the best of my ability. I hope my
course in Congress warrants the belief
that I have, and If elected to the Senate
I will, without fear, favor or discrimina
tion,, advocate and defend proper legisla
tion, and disapprove and do what lies In
my power to defeat bad legislation.
"How do I stand with the railroad? I
do not know; but because I have done
right I feel that that interest should ap
provo my course. I have no prejudice
against any interest in this country nor
have 1 ever opposed or advocated any
measure for that reason. I opposed, from
a conscientious belief that it was wrong,
the Powers funding bill, a measure to
fund said road's Indebtedness. I took an
active position against that bill and made
four speeches. The bill was defeated by
a large vote. In the succeeding Congress
the question of how to settle that indebt
edness again can\e before Congress. A
bill was introduced by Senator Morgan
and received the consent and approval
of Senators White and Perkins. It pass
ed the Senate and came to the House. I
did not think the bill met the require
ments of the situation and I framed an
amendment, which, with the bill, passed.
The whole question was settled thereby,
the Government received its money and
the question no longer exists. In my op
position to the Powers funding bill
I Incurred the disfavor of the railroad
people. In advocating the amendment to
the Morgan bill I also met their disap
proval; b.ut I feel satisfied with my course
on both measures and received the ap
proval of the people each time by an in
creased vote. My position on these meas
ures was not because of any feeling I had
against the railroad or to any one con
nected with It. The course taken was
dictated by my best judgment. My ad
vocacy of the Nicaragua canal has not
been because of any prejudice against the
railroad Interest, because, while I believe
the whole people demand the canal, I
also believe that it is for the best Inter
ests of the railroad that it should be con
structed. I am glad to say that In my
Judgment the canal will be built and that
the bill now pending wilj pass at this ses
sion. I want it distinctly understood that
at all times during my ofllcial life I shall
be governed in my action by my best
judgment. Unless the people desire my
election 1 certainly do not want to be
elected. I submit my candidacy to the
consideration of the Legislature and I
ehall be entirely satisfied with their
choice." %. -
REPUBLICAN RANKS WILL
NOT BE PUT TO SHAME
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 24.— The Mnmfntr
Echo, Senator C. Smith's paper, touching
the question as to a caucus, relative io
choosing a United States Senator by tho
Legislature, will say in the morning:
"A question very frequently asked is.
Will there be a party caucus on the Sen
atorial question when the Legislature
meets? This question no member of the
Legislature should undertake to answer
until he has conferred with other mem
bers and learned the probable result of
such a meeting. In some of the Eastern
States the holding of a caucus has been
so long the practice that it has become
well nigh a party rule. But such is not the
case in the West. It Is recalled that In
1895 the very men who are now clamoring
for a caucus refused to attend one or al
low their political followers to attend.
Colonel Burns, for Instance, was opposing
Senator Perkins and none of his "Burns"
followers attended the caucus because
Republicans in Power.
Special Dispatch to The (.all
STOCKTON. Jan. 24.— Governor Gage
this afternoon appointed Henry B.
Knight a Supervisor to nil the unexpired
term of the late General Shepherd.
Knight Is a Republican, while his prede
cessor was a Democrat, and the change
places the Republicans in control of
county affairs oneo more. Democratic In
cumbents of offices within the grift of the
board are uneasy and expect to make
way for political friends of the majority
at an early date, although it is not
known yet what the policy of Jhe new
control will be.
Fire at Hollister.
HOLLISTER. Jan. 24.-Fire this even
ing destroyed Mrs. Curaming's millinery
store and Burnham's dyeing establish
ment. The loss is $2000.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 34.— The members |
of the Xational Board of Trade called at '
the White House to-day and paid their re- ;
specta to the President. Governor Stan
nnrtl, the chairman pro tempore, speaking
on behalf of the board, delivered an ex
tended address to the President, in which
he outlined the desires and purposes of
the board, concluding In these words:
We congratulate you. Mr. President, upon the
prosperity of the country and the success of
yuur administration.
In replying the President said:
I cannot conceal the pleasure It grlves me and
the honor I feel in this call on the part of the
National Board of Trade, representing as it |
doea great and varied and important interests |
of our country. I rejoice with you all upon our j
universal prosperity and I trust that that pros
perity may be long continued to the American
peopfe. Its continuance will very much depend
on the Wisdom and conservatism of the business
men of the United States. We shall rely upon
them to help us solve the great and momentous
problems to which your chairman has referred,
In the hope that their settlement may not only
be to the highest interest of the American peo- i
pie. but for the highest good of those who by ,
the fortune of war have come within our Juris
diction and care. :
At a business meeting- held subsequent
to the visit the fellowing resolution re
spectinp our merchant marine wa3
adopted:
Whereas, United States vessels In 1826 carried
32 per cent of the nation's Imports and exports.
SI per cent in 1545, 75 per cent in ISS6 and only 8
per cent in 1533. showing a lamentable decline
in our merchant marine in the foreign trade, j
owing to the fact that It Is conducted on a free I
trade basis; and
Whereas. The tonnage of vessels In the coagt
injc trade In which foreign competition la an-
Bolutely forbidden increased from 722.230 In 1826
to 1 223,218 in 1545, and to 2,247,663 in ISS6. and
to 3.953.513 In 1599. thUB demonstrating the abll
tty of this country to meet all Its needs in the
matter of shipping when properly protected;
Whereas. The United States Is now paying to
forelsn eh!p owners nearly J200.000.000 annually
to do our Mean carrying trade, which sum In
creases yearly; and
Whereas, . The enormous decline in our ocean
merchant marine Is due to the lower wages
paid abroad and to the subsidies paid by foreign
Governments, Great Britain alone, according to
Document N"o. 4TO. Miscellaneous Series, tesued
by the British Government, paying last
year 53.266.350 In "postal subsidies" and $:33.<305
additional to tHe game steamship lines In
"naval subventions," whil* for wages alone
the cost of operating* an American 9hip Is aj
most exactly one and a half times tne cost of
operating a similar British ship, and the differ
ence in wages Rives s>*eat!y Increased advan
tajres to foreigners in every way. Including
lower ccst in ttie. construction of shlpsi fuid
Whereas. The protective clause should be ex
tended to our shipping In the foreign trade
that It may be bu!it up, aa has been done In
the case of other industries, including our
coastwise shipping; and
Whereas. The profitable employment of the
surplus productive rower of the farms, fac
tories, mines, forests and fisheries of the United
States imperatively demands the Increase of its
foreigrn commerce; and
Whereas. The merchant vessels, officers, en-
Ktneers. machinists, electricians and seamen
necessary to the Increase of the commerce of
the United States are also essential as auxiliary
to the forces of the United States In time of
war and otherwise tend to the better security
of the nation and to the protection of its pos
sessions: and
Whereas, It Is deemed especially expedient
to make Immediate provision to th?se ends.
Therefore, This memorial of the National
Boanl of Trade. assembled In Washington,
January 23, ISUQ. respectfully presents to the
of the United States \hat the delegates now
here, rc-presentng all sections of our country,
find it to be a matter of supreme interest that
our foreign exports have now reached the
larerest figures ever known and offer further
opportunities for Increase in still other fields.
To give force and emphasla to these opportu
nities, and to Rive some permanency to the
exceptional advantages of th>? past year, this
country needs a revival of Its merchant ma
rine.
Your memorialists, the N'atlonal Board of
Senate bill or the Payne House bill will be
effective to this end. The principles embodied
in these bills have met the approval of the
President of the United States, the Secretary
of the Treasury and the Commissioner of Nay-
Iftation. and they have be*n Indorsed by near
ly every trade and commercial organization in
the country and by the press to an extent
which fhows an overwhelming sentiment in
their favor.
The argument for an American merchant ma
rine has had the further distinct recommenda
tion of foreign delegates to the recent export
convention as essential for the further cement-
MATE OF THE BEMENT
BEATEN AND ROBBED
Suspicion Attaches to the Boatswain,
Who Has Mysteriously
Disappeared.
PORTLAND. Jan. 24. — William Kirk.
first matr of the American ship C. S.
P-fment. was found in his brrth aboard
fhip this morning unconscious and bleed-
Ine from a number of wounds In the
li^ad. He wi.s removed to a hospital, but
lirts r.o chance for recovery.
Kirk Wat: known to have had from tW*
tig |609 bf-lonping to himself and various
TTKmb^rs rif the crew. Th* money Is
missing, a? is also the boatswain of the
fhip. who i-«= said to have been with Kirk
last nisrht.
The <aptain of the Bemcnt Is at present
in Fresno. Cal.
during the regular session will not be re
organized for the special session. It Is
obvious that the first big struggle of the
special session will be in the direction of
cutting down the immense force of at
taches.
In the proclamation convening the Leg
islature In Fpecial session the Governor
made no mention of appropriation meas
ures to pay the contingent expenses of
the Senate and Assembly. Members hold
that the allowances in the general appro
priation bill for the two fiscal years be
ginning July 1, ISM. may he used to de
fray incidental expenses of the extra ses
sion, and therefore it will not be n»c3
sary to send to the Governor a series of
contingent expense bills. When the
plungers now preparing to visit S.iera
mento get through with the work outlined
there will be very little money left of the
amount set apart to meet the expenses
of the regular session, which begins In
January. 1901.
Advices received by wire from Wash
ington, D. C. confirm the story that John
A. Barham. member of Congress repre
senting the First District. Is an aspircnt
for the office of United States Senator.
His interePtß at Sacramento have been
entrusted to the care of Postmaster L#em
mon of Santa Rosa. Senator Gillette of
Humboldt and Assemblyman Le Haron
of Sonoma. Under the protecting wing
of rx-Asscmblyman Price, Mr. Le Baron
managed to pass through the trials of th««
last regular session. It was Robinson's
special duty to pee that Le Baron was
rot temfctod to Irave the camp of 11. S.
Grant, and he fulfilled his mission to the
satisfaction of Grant's managers. If he
received any other reward than that of
his own conscience Milton Green has not
mentioned it publicly.
The current rumor that the fifty-five
resolute Republican members of the Leg
islature who could not be- persuaded or
coerced to vote for Dan Burns during: the
regular session last winter have resolved
to meet and confer regarding a candidate
to be supported at the extra session has
excited Indignation in the corral of Burns.
The friends of the colonel designate the
proposed conference as a "bobtailed cau
cus." In the vernacular of politics a
"bobtailed caucus" means a conference
from which tho minority is excluded. One
of the followers of the colonel made this
remark yesterday: "If the opponents of
Colonel Burns Ret topether and attempt
to select a candidate for the regular cau
cus without consulting the minority, I for
one will go in to smash the whole caucus
proposition. Then we will flpht it out on
the iloor of the joint convention. Admit
for example that tho anti-Burns men can
get forty-three members to so into a bob
tailed caucus, admit that they agree on
a plan to drop the lowest candidate on
each ballot, and what is the result? Why,
a majority of 43— twenty-two members of
the Legislature— name the Senator. The
forty-three members bound by a confer
ence in which the minority was not al
lowed to participate could enter the reg
ular caucus and name the candidate for
Senator. The friends of Colonel Burns
will never submit to such a proceeding.
There must be a caucus in which every
Republican member is allowed to enter
or no caucus at all."
While the supportrrs of Burns nr<? cry-
Ing out against a conference of the Inde
pendent anti-boss members of the Legis
lature they are planning for a secret con
ference In this city to be held before the
members committed to the cause of the
Mexican go to Sacramento. At this secret
gathering they will resolve to stand by
Burns until he throws up his hands. The
hint is already given that the colonel
will not keep them long In suspense. They
are advised that the colonel will give the
signal, to go to Barnes, Pillsbury, Scott or
Paterson whenever he finds his own cause
hopeless.
CONGRESSMAN BARHAM
DEFINES HIS POSITION
WASHINGTON, Jan. Zi.— When asked
GAGE BOWED BENEATH
THE RAILROAD ROD
Continued from First "Page.
ter, Scott and others, who had known
Clarkson as an officer of the Republican
National Committee. A letter and a tele
gram from Clarkson declining the place
were read, but some of the Senators de
clared their intention to vote for him re
g-ardlcss of these.
The nrst vote waa a tie, resulting 21 to
21. The second ballot brought out three
votos not hitherto cast and resulted 23 for
Bennett and 22 for Clarkson. Bennett waa
placed in nomination by Senator Platt of
New York.
No selection was made for chaplain,
which will have the effect of continuing
the blind chaplain. William H. Milburn.
in that office. The allotments of the minor
offices wore placed in the hands of the
C'larkson authorized a statement declar
ing- he never had been a candidate for sec
retary of the Senate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— The Re
publican caucus of the Senate
to-day decided definitely upon
the reorganization of the elec
tive officers of that body and
nominated Hon. Charles G. Bennett of
New York for Becretary, to succeed Hon.
William R. Cox, and Hon. Daniel M.
Ransdell of Indiana for sergeant-at-arms,
to succeed Colonel J. R. Bright.
Some feeling was manifested over the
election of a secretary, caused by the cir
culation of reports concerning- Hon. J. S.
Clarkson, who was Mr. Bennett's only
competitor, which his friends considered
uncomplimentary and untrue. These re
ports were resented by Jtis supporters, in
cluding Senators Mason. Gallinger, Car-
HON. CHARLES GOODWIN BENNETT.
Wedded at San Rafael.
Special Dtspatcn to me tail.
SAX RAFAEL, Jan. 24. — George G.
W'aitt. who gives his age as 35. was mar
ried hero this afternoon to Miss Anna
Berry, who is 20 years old. Both par
ties reside in San Francisco, where they
are well known in society. AVaitt was di
vorced four years ago.
Plague in Rosario.
BUENOS AYRES. Jan. 2t.-Bubnnic
plague has broken out at Rosarlo. and a
rigorous cordon has been established.
lnit of trade relations with th# countries th*y
Beverally represented.
In view of the.se considerations, your m#
wlth confidence fnr your early and favorablu
action on this subject.
HANNA MEN CONFER.
Agree to Support the Payne Bill and
to Harmonize the Party.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— Senator Han
na called a conference of the Republicans
of the Ohio Congressional delegation at
his residence to-nls;ht to agree upon a
scheme of harmonizing the party in the
campaign this year. It In said by thosa
who participated in the conference that
the suscsfstion that it should be held
came*' first from Senator Foraker. but
Senator Foraker -was nt>t there being
confined to his home with a bad cold.
Neither was Representative Burton, who
has not been In entire accord with Sena
tor Hanna. present.
The meeting turned out to be a gather
ing of Hanna men and they had no diffi
culty In reaching an agreement that there
should be no friction in the Ohio conven
tion or in the campaign in that Stat<».
They then talked about legislation ami
unanimously agreed to support the ship
subsidy bill. They also agreed unani
mously to sunport the canai
bill, though if Mr. Kurton, who i» one of
the leading opponents of that measure.
had been present the harmony of tha
evening would probably have been marrevt
by a discordant note.
Commercial Men Declare in Favor of Governmental Assistance
in the Upbuilding of the Merchant Marine of the.
United States.
PAYNE SUBSIDY BILL INDORSED
BY NATIONAL BOARD OF TRADE
BENNETT AND RANSDELL
GET SENATE POSITIONS
One Nominated by the Republicans for
Secretary and the Other for
Sergeant-at-Arms.
BRYAN GREETED
IN NEW ENGLAND
Met by an Enthusiastic
Assemblage.
BANQUETED IN NEW JERSEY
TJSTJAX SPEECHES ON LEADING
QUESTIONS OF THE DAY.
?
Said He Rejoiced to See Tliat the Sil
ver Question Was Not Dead and
Proceeded to Roast Mark
Sauna.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— Colonel TV. J.
Bryan made a journey Into Connecticut
to-day, addressing- meetings at Stamford
and New Haven, and then hurried bacK
to New York that he might keep his en
gagement to address a public meeting In
Jersey City to-night. To-morrow he will
co to Harrlsburg, Pa., where he will meet
the Democratic leaders of Pennsylvania,
NEW HAVEN, Jan. 24.-W. J. Bryan
arrived in New Haven at 2:15 p. m.. and
was driven to the City Hall, where a re
ception was held. After a. brief rest Mr.
Bryan repaired to Music Hall, where fully
3*M people awaited his coming. His ap
j>eara.nce was the signal lor a wildly en
ihusiiistic demonstration. In prefacing his
remarks Mr. .Bryan referral to his former
visit to the city. He did not directly re
ler to the Yale student demonstration on
the city green In ltM, but his words were
m pointed as to indicate that he recalled
it. Mr. Bryan pavmi the way hastily for
his speech by remarking that he hud so
little tlm«?. scarcely an hour, in which to
pay all that he wished to prepent that he
v.culd plunge at once into a discussion
of the 'Three great l^adinu questions of
the day. namely, trusts, money and im
"Which of them is paramount depend!
upon the point of view of the Individual.'
be ?a!d. "and personally, I don't care to
specify."
His remarks which followed were in
lino with his ircer.t utterances.
The conclusion of Mr. Bryan's speech
was marked by another wildly enthusias
tic dfoionttratlrn. He was driven at
once from the hall through a great cheer
ir.fz crowd in th<» street to the station,
v.hore l:e took the 4:17 P- m. train tor
NVw York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2<.— Hon. W. J. Bry
r.:i was banqurted by the Robert Dnvis
Association a.t its oiubhouse in Jersey
nty to-night, after which he delivered a
r>. >iitica! speech before a large crowd in
St. Mary's Hall.
Mayor Hoos of Jersey City presided at
X.\-.o banquet, and thirty men of local
prominence were seated at the table with
Mr. Hryan. The dinner was wholly in
formal."and no speeches were made. After
dinner Mr. Bryan held a brief reception
in 'he j)arlors "of the club. Fhaking hands
•Riih several hundred persons.
At S o'clock Mr. Bryan and those who
F:;t with him at dinner were led by a
drum corps to St. Mary's Hall, a short
Mr. Bryan "received a most hearty re
ception from about 2503 persons, all that
could possibly pet Into the hall, to whom
r.o *=pokp for nearly two ami a half hours
upon trusts and imperialism. Mr.
Bryan had the arP^arance of being great
|v ciicered and somewhat surprised by
iW warmth of the greeting which he
onoountcrcd ¦when he walked in on the
Ptagfe. Mr. Bryan indicated hi* surprise
at the penerous reception, saying that it
had been Stated that the silver question
bad t.ton buried. So quick was the rc
s^poTiFP of the audience, a large portion
of which arose and drowned the voice
of Mr. Bryan with cheers, that the
speaker hesitated momentarily even after
quiet came.
When th<» cheering and noise had sud
s!i?^d Mr. Brian said that he was almost
sorry that he came. He had supposed
that the Hudson County Democrats need
ed to be lectured, but he was made pad
to Fee that he was wastinsr time; that
he ought to hare gone somewhere else.
I'rocoedir.g, h<* criticized the Republi
can party for what he termed "Hanna
i;-m," declaring the party emblem to be
tho dollar mark.
Mr. Bryan then paid his respects to
Mr. Hanna and he seemed to amuse the
j,uii*>nce groatly with the numerous
Mnriep whlrh ho told to illustrate his
opinion of Mr. Hanna. While he contin
i:'-'! in this vein there was no mistaking
th* fart that he had the sympathy of the
Hudience.
Mr. Bryan devoted fifteen minutes to
th-- subject of taxation and had started to
cay somptbir.j? about the income tax
bill r 'f IS9B wh r n a voice in the audience
FhmjU'ii. "Oh. dry up!"
Mr. Bryan spoke at lensih upon the
Income tax, the money question and Im
perialism.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25. 1900.
they knew that Perkins would control It.
During the last session the Democrats
frequently held conferences, but they
very seldom came out of them a unit for
the day's vote. From all the party his
tory In this State it may be concluded
that a caucus is a matter of expediency,
a meeting to be attended if you think you
can win or if you are not very particular
Which Bide wins; but from which one may
absent himself if Its result Is likely to
be particularly objectionable to him or
his constituents. This, as we have said.
Is not the Eastern Idea of a caucus, but it
Is the Western practice, and there is no
reason why any member should /eel
bound to follow the Eastern and not the
Western Idea at this time.
"A conference of all the Republican
members there should be ana when an
are on the ground they may conclude that
It is Wise to taKe a caucus vote on the
Senatorshlp. But no such vote should
be taken except with a run attendance
and the vote should be viva voce every
time.
. "There has been some talk about a cau
cus of 61 • or 62 members. A bare
majority of those attending would be ex
pected to control all present and thus we
should have a Senator named by a ma
jority of the majority. The people should
not and will not indorse such a manner
of selecting so high an official.
"We have full fatth that the Republi
can party will extricate Itself from Its
present unfortunate position and it will
do It by open, honorable methods. A
Senator will be elected and the manner
of his choosing will not put the rank 3
Of the party to shame. But the members
had better go slow about making isolated
promises to secret agents before they
have taken wisdom of each other and of
the members of the party generally."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. T. Dolan, o! TK| -^fei> l< tC^O
Madrid, Perkins Co., i^lp^^^JA^
was cured of gainful s|l||X
periods by the use is?|a*j-<tiSC
of Dr. I'ierce's Fa- •'.'^^^^M
vorite Prescription, '^^¦Sfg3fc^3| w "
ami his 'Compound jfi£\»£|sE§S^
Extract of Smart-
We -..' I think Dr. ~^ W%jr%2&Sf
Pierces medicines i»*i
th ¦• be s t j n the •] fcp^i^
mculks j.revious to HV^i 'I! .ta
fcred scarcely any •SaBNS/l'tvTf'''^
corr-pared with what nJCMI
I had at other lmJ*Qs\
times. " C^SSsS 1 * \
" I suffered fifteen
years with female E®^%£C£?S
weakness .md ncrv- Esl&2*^ l l» H ih\
ousr.ess, "writes Mrs. EgS* (b^w^)J
Vincent Bohall, of \j|g2»V&\ '"MIH
Franklin, Johnson
Co., Indiana. "One / \^S|
year ago I he-an //J& ft tfW&!k
taking }our 'Favor- /jffffl'//]BrSfik
ite Prescription* and %jsrf\hi ;!i
'Golden Medical jSe^t"^r s<i
Discovery.' I took t^ ffim&r
sue bottles of each U
and now I am well. T* ly^Ki^fflS^
I owe ay life to Dr. J f|gf^pT-Sft
We are making to order eight styles of 1 $s»]tllStk» r^^W^t^
garments, any one of which is $13.^0. A re- YJ *S^W^ QjL '2r%
markable feature of the sale is this: They are 7 .~^J^^\ r^ J£>\
not the usual suits and overcoats tn be had for . liSr'^'^A w Jk.
$13^0. but are clothes worth $17.^0 and £20.00 v*if|^^ Jft < / s§^*^
That is not strange either, for remember fW^^^fk'^^k mmM^MwSk i
' this: We bought the materials for this sale long / y&*?ftM-WW^
before the prices on cloth advanced so much; ftfßl^^
then we made a special of the suits and over- VWiMwW&^
coats, so that you virtually are paying less than fj WlMftW^
if prices had never gone up at all. \k Wfl i & f 1 \
Objects of this low price— to build up our /%fl^ W jIwMW
I Single-breasted, .ilk facing; high-cut, double- wllwV^ \ ' If l
I Double-breasted, silk facing on lapels— like the WilllM^ " )*^M
1 Cutaway frocks, -well tailored, fit assured, good S^W^^'fe^/lv wll \IIhSMvI' M if *j '^^
| selection of dressy cloths to choose from. ' lll\ V^\ $l\4«M'v ' ill
I The strand is similar to the cutaway frock, but is v^V'^i-il'^' I ''jlii^i v\ W'Hu\ i'• ill
1 shorter and has outside pockets — as picture on the gjjS \m'i 'if A )//'/'(' /?'//< vV\\^ W.^W >i 111 I
| right-hand side. 'Makes a very stylish business suit. f§| \rl "l//F'//(/i '// «F$ Vlii %i% iv roll 1111 1 1
i Box overcoat, fashionably tailored, fits like the 8^ < ~^yW'iiif/iii -"" " e ~ C^*"* KiV'H t' wwilillluX
| high-priced overcoat. Good selection of light-colored ¦ §§§ r^^^Jl \s' vi '•¦i -~v ;; -C*T3?->» lllllf ill* \j^\lui\
| Samples ireely given. If out of town write for sample catalogue No. 2. SQ -^;J'i!Tl^^^W;]U^}W\ m^=^ s^—-- Hvi''.-- y ~^==^~- : ''~-~r\s j-'. ; ; , -
718 Market Street and cor. Powell and Eddy.
3... Tir ?s~? <1 ' :25 J5. : H ' :601-4: *• 1:1B * : ™«c. 1:«- Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s br. h. by Imp Darebln-Bavaria.
, Spencer on the winner awaited an opening- and landed. Tirade hard ridden Camoua
wu eomething for a while. Others bad property. ' v '
f£"7Q THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; selllncr; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
FRUIT SHIPPERS PLEASED.
Switzerland's Open Door Promises a
Large Benefit to California,
So They Think.
Morris Marks of England, who has paid
much attention to the means employed to
increase the sale of California products
in Europe, said yesterday that the free
admission ¦of California dried fruits by
Switzerland, as reported by wire, would
mean a great extension of the markets for
California. There had been a great in
crease in the consumption of the Califor
nia goods in Germany during the past few
years. Notwithstanding the nearness of
Italy and France to Switzerland, the Cali
fornia goods would be able to make sharp
competition and hold/ their own if the
news should prove to be correct. Mr.
Marks has just started for England and
this Interview was had on the eve of
his departure.
The views expressed by Mr. Marks are
largely shared by local dealers In dried
fruits. Perhaps Switzerland might be
counted upon to take half as many goods
as Germany. Some reference to figures
throws cheerful light on the proposition.
B. N. Rowley, compiling the statistics
that he has received from seventeen ship
pers of cured fruits direct from Califor
nia to England and the Continent during
the season of 1899, ending December 31,
reports that there went directly abroad
in that period 11,012 cars, or a total of
26,642,805 pounds, the carloads being esti
mated on the basis of twelve tons each.
The value of the goods at current rates
would be $1,149,536. Germany on that es
timate purchased directly half a million
dollars' worth of dried fruits. Mr. Marks
thinks that the amount can be safely mul
tiplied by twenty, to make the showing
that will be realized within a very few
years. Switzerland might easily become
worth millions of dollars annually to Cali
fornia. The dried fruit men are eagerly
waiting for the particulars concerning
the reported move of Switzerland.
LOTTEK-5T DBAWQ7O.
Pll FS - mp «&'^ >c t^ wi^
¦ ILLO «»f. no pay. For Infant
• ¦ tlon address E. P Rect *.l.
MMMMMMH INSTITUTE. 11TO M«fk^
COKE! COKE!
—-? «*• a. McDonald
DUFF
GORDON
SHERRY
-FROM —
DUFF GORDON & CO.,
Port St. Mary's, Spain.
i
CHAJRT.ES MEIKBCKE A CO.,
AGENTB PACIFIC COAST,
Hi 6*cr»ra«ato mU, S»J% C*l j
£>Orf~| FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; three-year-olds; purse, J4OO.
Boland Makes a Gain.
The Farnham-Boland contest was con
tinued before Judge Seawell yestc-dav
Ten precincts were counted, and Bolarid
gained ten votes. a
IT CREATES A WARM FEELING
of respect between hostess and caller
when he Is attired In immaculate linen,
and his shirt front collars and cuffs
show the stamp of our perfect laundry
work upon them. So frayed linen, no
streaked shirt fr<mt ever leaves this
laundry, but your laundry work is sent
home Just like nev. U. S. Laundry As-
sociation.
United State* Laundry. Offlci
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Offce. 514 Eleventh St.
Time-H. :U: H. :35%; %, 1:0:%- Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner, W B.
Sink Jr.'s eh. g. by St. Carlo- Venetia.
Harry Thatcher was the supposed "real thin*." He stood a long- drive. Bagdad a
surprise. St. Anthony away tangled up. With an eveu break Matt Hogan would have
Jigged in.
Continued on Pape Eleven,
BIDS FOR THE BIG FIGHT.
Corbett and Jeffries Will Receive No
Offers Later Than February 1.
NEW YORK, Ja?v 21.— At a meeting to
day betwe-en representatives of James J.
Corl>ctt and James Jeffries it was decided
to set February 1 as the closing day for
bi'is from clubs for the boxing contest
l>etwecn these two men for the cham
pionship of the world. Hids must be
made, sealed, to AI i?n.ith at the Gilsey
1 louse, and will not be opened until *6
o "clock on the evening of February 1.
The Coney Island Athletic Club, Broad
vaj" Club, T'Tlca, Buffalo and San Fran
cisco clubs will lie active biddders for the
beuu" William A. Brady has received a
proposition frotn tne Paris Hippodrome
offermfc a percentage, with a guarantee
of 123/jOO francs, for the contest to take
place in Paris during: the month of July
or Aucrust. if It Is possible to arrange with
the men to postpone it until that date.
As both Corbett and Jeffries are anxious
to have th*> bout ta_ke place on the date
M'lecterl— March 15— it is probable that the
Parisian offer may be overlooked. Jef
fries intends, in rap** of a victory over
i'orb^tt, to jen to Paris next summer and
take '>n somebody in that city for the
championship. Jeffries will start for Hot
Fprfngs next Monday, v here he will com
mence his preliminary work. He will stay
there about three weeks, and finish up
nt Wk old training quarters at Allenhurst.
New Jersey.
Filipino Actors Cared For.
Tho directors nf the Mechanics' Insti
tute have taken in charge the ilxteen Fil
ijiir.o exhibitors who appeared :>t the Me.
chanlcs' Pavilion last fall, nnrl are mak
ing arranjroixjpnts to have them t-hippp-i
liack to Manila.. Eight additional ones
¦who have no < laim on tho institution
hay» been taktvi to iho Presidio by order
<<f Major Gont-ra! Shaf;er, who will h»iv»
than rent home on the first available
transport that sails from this port.
JOS. A. MURPHY— Presiding: JudKe.
J. B. FERGUSON-Starter.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, January 24, 1900.—Sixty
third day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
Rebate on Tapioca Flour.
Under a recent decision of the United
States Supreme Court to the effect that
tapioca flour is not dutiable as starch,
$70,000 duty paid under protest at this
port will be rebated.
TITLE AND GUARANTY
COMPANIES MUST PAY
ALLEGATION THAT THE WAB
TAX IS BEING EVADED.
Collector Ljoich Investigating the
Matter by Order of Internal
Be venue Commissioner
Wilson.
Internal Revenue Collector John C.
Lynch has been ordered by Interval Rev
enue Commissioner Wilson at "Washington
to investigate alleged failures of title and
guaranty insurance companies to pay
their share of the war revenue by affix
ing to their documents the requisite
stamps representing the tax accruing on
the premium charge for such insurance or
guarantyship.
In his letter to Mr. Lynch, Commission
er Wilson says: "You are therefore re
quired to cause an investigation to be
made In your district looking to the deter
mination of whether or not such corpora
tions are complying with the provisions of
the act."
For the benefit of all parties concerned
the Commissioner calls attention to the
law requiring every person, firm, associa
tion, company, etc., transacting the busi
ness of insuring titles of real estate is
required to affix to each policy of insur
ance, bond or obligation stamps in the
amount of one-half of one per cent for
each dollar or fractional part thereof on
premium charged. Each contract or ap
plication executed by any such person,
association, company or corporation in
black shoes with large yellow eyeholes,
is subject to the same tax.
Struck the Wrong Woman.
Joseph Brothers, who lives on Brady
street, was chasing his wife Tuesday, in
tending to chastise her, when he struck
Mrs. Katie Kennedy, who happened along
at the time. He was arrested for battery,
and in his defense told Judge Mogan
yesterday that he was waving his arms
to attract his wife's attention when he
accidentally struck Mrs. Kennedy. The
Judge convicted him and ordered him to
appear for sentence this morning.
VANITY FAIR
WINS FROM
PAT REILLY
Latter Proves a Surprise in
the Midweek Stake at
Union Park.
M. J. O'Neil's Trhite and brindlc grey
hound Pat Reilly furnished the surprise
yesterday at I'nion Coursing Park. He
defeated Ballroom Belle, Mountain Belle,
Bad Boy, who was a 12 to 1 favorite:
Ather.ia, a 3 to 1 favorite, and Narcissus,
who, it was thought, would win the stake
handily.
ll J at liellly met Vanity Fair In the final
and for a time it seemed he would be
beaten pointless. The representative of
the Curtis Kennels led him an indefinite
number of lengths. After a time rat
Rcilly gained possession of the hare and
when the <nd of the course came Judge
<Jrace declared Vanity Fair the winner
by a score of 12 to 9. The friends of Judge
P. J. Keilly played his namesake as a
matter of. sentiment and secured big re
turns for the money they Invested on
him. He was generally fortunate in his
various trials and was not run to a.
standstill as were some of the other com
petitors:. The hares were generally strong
and a number of long courses resulted.
J. H. Bosseter'fl Recording Angel was
given an oponing-up course after a long
rest, with Curtis & Son's Cavalier. The
later led up by two lengths. Recording
Angel will be "tried again Sunday after
noon with the celebrated For Freedom.
The detailed results of the running yes
terday with th»» official scores follow:
J. O'Dowd'e Clifton Lass beat G. Er.glehart's
Mystery. *-<>. Kruin &. Lyons" Silver Wings
i»«?a.t I'a.Fba Kennels' Rwmnex, 28-17; Aeneiu
Kennels' Athena beat W. H. Jones' I'rince
Jerome. l*-4; Krwin & Lyons' Silver Lyn
fceai T. A. <;aflney's £ir John Arnott. 5-0; \V.
CreamT'tf J»-^tv Moore lwnt D. J. Healey's
MiLEtip S 4--; Manor & Reid's Bad B^y beat
V. M->ran> Fn'.se Flatterer. 5-0; M. J. O'Neil'a
Fat Ileilly twal Hariels llros.' BaJlroom Belle,
S-l; W. J. Brownings Mountain Belle beat J.
llunter'f Bloomfleld, S-0; H. Attridpe's Master
piece beat Aen<-iii Kennels' Van Knapp,
Curtis A: Son"* Narcissus beat W. H. Junes'
Kuttan. 16-4; Curtis & Bcn'a Vanity Fair beat
Pasha Ker.ncls' Hun As=hore, 10-0; J. Crane's
llira Mode beat Maher & Reid's f?in£!*-ton.
2-2; M. London's Magneto beat W. F. liobba'
Mercy May. 3-0; W. I'erry's Campania beat F.
<•. x s Hairbrain. 5-0; J. R. Smith's Victor beat
\Y. H. Lord's Revolver. 7-3; YV. C. Glassnn'B
Tt-rrona beat J. <"asserly's Lady Blanche, 6-4;
Gus Aberciombie's Ml«s JJabbit beat J. H. Mul
ler's Mfcor:ta, 3-2: BartHs Bros.' Border's JJest
beat S. Moore's Box, 3-2; Curtis & Son's llc-
Kinley beat It. Guddard's Judge Wallace. C-Q;
Mah'T & Kfid's Nellie liawn beat Kay Bros."
1-ady Kthel. ;.-f"i; Pat Hortfan's Lucretia Bor
fc.a "beat Ster! & Knowles' O'llara. Z4-IS; Cur
tis &. Son'F Commodore beat J. McEnroe's Nor
woet, 2vl: F. A. McComb'R Storm King beat
E. Ilaumeisiter's Winning Ways, 3-2: J. Dick
boij's Black Bess beat S. Mahnney's Cbtef of the
11111. *-.r;. r ; Curtis &- Son's Echo beat Kelly &
Hanley't Baby King, fi-2: J. Byrnes' Nellie B
t.<>at W. H. Lrd's Fan Florence, 7-1; Bartels
Rrop.' Be.-r Brewer beat F. Moran's Bit of
Fashion. 14-.; M. P.. Kavanaurh's Hard Lines
t*-a.t S. MoCullouKh's Flashing Las*. 6-3.
Second round— Clifton Lass l^at Sliver Wings.
fc-0; Aihfna beat Silver Lynn, 10-5; Bad Boy
twat Jerse Moor«". £-2; Pat Ueilly b»at Moun-
FIELD TRIALS
OF DOGS AT
BAKERSFIELD
All-Age Contest Not Finished
Owing to Disappearance .
of One Animal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKFHISFIELD, Jan. 24.— The all-age
run was begun this morning, but was not
finished, owing partially to the fact that
one of the dogs disappeared for almost an
hour, during which time the trials were
delayed. The work was done along tho
river bottom where the first day's Derby
was held, and birds were not found as
plentiful as yesterday near Stockdale. A
groat number of birds were found in the
timber, and not as good an exhibition of
range and speed was given as would have
been seen had the trials been held in more
open country.
The lirst brace cast off this morning -was
W. W. Van Arsdale's pointer Lucerne P,
H. S. Peach handler, and C. O'Neil's set
ter GJad Star, handled by Coutts. The
course was diagonally back and forward
across the river bottom until finally a few
birds were forced into the open, where
Lucerne made a nice, stanch point in a
bunch of cage. He dropped to flush, and
the dogs being ordered on both pointed a
short distance away, but no bird was
found. Gladstar. a short distance ahead,
made ajiother point, which was backed
by the pointer, but again no bird vras
Hushed. The dogs were then taken back
into the timber, where Gladstar secured
a point, which was honored by Lucerne,
and ttu: bird was flushed and killed by
Coutts, both dogs being steady to the shot.
A short distance ahead Gladstar pointed
again and the bird was flushed and the
dog was ordered on by his handler, but
he came to a point a few feet away,
which Coutts evidently did not see, and
on being ordered on again he broke the
point and the birds were flushed, a fact
which probably did not count against the
dogs.
After being down forty-five minutes this
brace was taken up and Seep of the
Stockdale kennels and Van Arsd.ile's
Peachmark were cast off. This was an
interesting heat, as most of it was run in
the open. The first point was made by
Peachmark in a bunch of willows, from
which several birds were flushed by the
handler. From this point the course wa
across the open llelds where both dogs
showed plenty of range and speed. The
next two points were claimed by the
handlers at almost the same moment.
Pearhmnrk pointed in a bunch of willows
and Seep on the- top of a little knell in
plain sight of the spectators. Both dogs
were steady to wing. The next point was
made by Peachmark in a ploughed field
at the edge of a ditch down which the
bird evidently ran, and was flushed by
the handkr some thirty feet away from
the dog. This brace was ordered up at
9:45.
Yosemite kennels' pointer. Buck of
Kent, and W. B. Coutts' setter Dick
Stamboul. wer^ next. They were cast off
in an open field, and loss than one hun
dred yarda away Stamboul dropped to a
point which was held stanchly enough
until the handlers moving up caused the
birds to run. when he became unsteady,
but was finally dropped at the command
of Coutts. Stamboul made a second point
across the creek bed at the edge of the
field, and the dogs were ordered back to
the wagons at 10:40.
Stockdale kennels' pointer Cuba of Ken
wood and C. B. Dwyer's setter Tacoma
were the next brace down, and although
they ran a very pretty race, neither did
the high-class work that was expected
from them. But one point each wa9
made during their heat, which lasted one
hour. At this time an adjournment was
taken for lunch.
After luncheon Stockdale kennels
pointer Kellle Wilson and Betten nnd
Truman's King of Blithe were cast off in
the most favorable ground for work dur
ing the day. The course was over rolling
hills, through short sage brush and corn
fields, and about half a mile distant a
bevy of birds were flushed, and scattered
in short cover. Here King secured a
point, which was honored by Nellie Wil
pon. The second point was secured a
short distance by Nellie, but in this case
King did not honor the point, and flushed
The two next points were secured by
Nellie, but on tne last of these she was
unsteady, and her handler could not pre
vent her breaking in on the bird.
A. Decourtieux's setter, Verona Cash,
that had drawn the bye. was then put
down for half an hour, which ended the
first series.
The first brace called for the second se
ries was Gladstar and Peachmark, who
went down at 3:07. The dogs were cast
off in the edge of the timber, and within
a few moments Star had pointed a single
bird in good style. Being ordered on
again, he disappeared, and repeated
whistling failed to bring him back. After
a few moments Peachmark was ordered
back to the wagon, and all the available
horsemen started in search of the dog,
but without result. It was almost an hour
before Gladstar saw fit to return. On his
coming back to the wagon the dogs were
ordered on again, and, as if endeavoring
to atone for his fault, Gladstar did some
excellent work in the next few minutes,
pointing several singles. The last brace
down were Stamboul and Tacoma: In
this heat but few birds were found. Ta
coma scored two points and Stamboul one.
They wore ordered up at 5:05. and the
running closed for the day.
The all-age stake will be continued to
morrow afternoon, after which a drawing
will be made for the champion stake. This
drawing in all probability will be made
in the field, and the running, or a part of
it, at least, will no doubt take place in
the afternoon, providing the all-age is
finished in tho morning.
The members' stake will be the last
event on the card and will from present
indications be held on Friday.
The annual meeting of the Field Trials
Club «cs held at 8:30 p. m. at the South
ern Hotel, and the following officers were
elected: W. S. Tovis, president: J. E.
Terry, first vice president; \V. W. Van
Arsdalem. second vice president; Albert
Betz. secretary-treasurer; board of di
rectors the above officers and C. N. Post,
J. M. Kilgariff. C E. Worden. J. H. Schu
macher and H. J. Keller. Thomas John
son, the acting judge, was elected'an hon
orary member of the club.
ROSINANTE
IS NEARLY
A MARVEL
one .Lowers a Coast Record in
Defeating Potente—Oak
land Results*
Nearly nine years ago Tristan, a turf
hero of the past, covered one mile 'and a
furlong over tho Morris Park course in
1:51^. It still stands as the American rec
ord and seems a difficult mark to shoot
at. Yesterday at Oakland track. Rosi
nante, the sunshine of Jimmy Coffey's
stable, ran the distance in 1:52 flat, creat
ing a new record for coast horses to
lower. Briar Sweet and Cromwell had
formerly traveled the route in I:s2ft. In
executing this feat, the white-faced chest
nut mare came from the trenches, after
looking hopelessly out of it, and nosed the
purse away from Potente, the warmest
thine of the afternoon's exercises. Tod
Walsh rode Potente, which was bung
started down from 9 to 5 to 6 to 5, and
after cutting out a fierce clip, the young
ster flattened out the last few yards on
his mount like a frog on a hot griddle,
while Phelan, astride Coffey's mare,, gain
ed the verdict by the narrowest of mar
gins. The winner carried ninety-six
pounds and laid so far out of it during
the early stages of the running that a
dollar Invested on her chances looked like
a dollar donated to charity. David Tenny
had many friends, but found the pace a
trifle warm, still he managed to finish a
close third.
Favorites were out on dress parade, tak
ing all but two numbers. Bullman con
tinues riding In superb form, again carry
ing away the saddle honors by putting
three winners over the plate.
• Tim Toolln, an unknown quantity, work
ed the defeat of Vioris, favorite for the
opening six furlong scramble. The
"stranger" raced out in the lead with the
choice and when it came to the pinch,
Piggott brought Pongo, a 6 to 1 shot, up,
beating Sam Parker's mare a length in
1:14U- Toolin stayed long enough to get
the show.
Bullman added to his points in the
jockey contest by taking the seven fur
long selling run with Pat Morrissey. The
Burns & Waterhouse entry was held at
prohibitive odds in the books, and after
shaking off Croker, won easily from Mon
tanus. Owyhee performed poorly, never
showing much speed.
Tips on starters in the third event, a
five furlong sprint, were flying thick and
fast, TomaTe, St. Anthony, Harry Thatch
er. Almendral and Matt Hogan all being
touted as possible winner. Harry
Thatcher beat the barrier, but was out
footed the last part by both Almendral
and Bagdad, the trio finishing heads on
the post. Bagdad, which took the place,
was a 100 to 1 shot in the ring.
The Schorr colt F. W. Brode spread
eagled his field in the dash over the Fu
turity course. Four to five was laid about
him in the ring, and he won with Bull
man taking him up at the end. Alice
Dougherty came along from the rear,
leading Bee Bee out for the place.
"Iceman" Spencer landed the closing
mile run with Del Paso 11. The Darebin
horse closed a pronounced choice, coming
from behind and downing Tirade with ap
parent ease. Schreiber's Stuttgart led
Yaruba over the line more than half a
dozen lengths for third money.
Track Notes.
The eale of J. Naglee Burk's horses
will take place In the paddock at Oak
land track this forenoon. Among those
to be disposed of are many well known
and capable turf performers, as well as
a two-year-old brother to the great Cre
scendo. A large crowd promises to be in
attendance. *
Frank' Eckert, the well-known book
maker, was a new face at the track
yesterday. Mr. Eckert looks hale and
hearty after his country sojourn, and re
ceived, a hearty welcome from his many
friends, both Eastern and Western.
In the contest for the trophy offered by
the association across the bay Bullman
now has a commanding lead, and is rid
ing in great form. The score is as fol
lows:
Bullman 2S'Ross 3
Jenkins 19: Henry 3
Spencer llil'iggott 3
Jones lrtiThelan 3
Thorpe 9'^- Turner 2
T. Walsh OjKiley 1
Conley 4 |
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling.
670 Jael 110 670 Almoner 127
639 Spry Lark 125 670 Mainstay lir.
... Durward 127 440 Schiller 130
Second race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
633 Red Cherry 97] 404 Daniel 109
674 Rachel C 107 642 Choteau 112
646 L. B. McWhlrtr.ll2 I ... Andrlssa 112
Third race — One and a half miles; four-year
olds and upward; selling.
649 Forte 1071 606 Weller 105
659 Topmast 1021
Fourth race— Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse.
... Thorn Wild 113| 658 St. Rica no
... Shotaway 110 645 Gaylon Brown. .110
635 Dunfree 110 ... Lucidla no
643 Ullagon no ... Lucubent no
658 Grafter 110 (652)SofaIa no
... Overgrowth ....113 ... Girly Ducat no
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and up; free handicap.
667 Dr. Shepard 105 639 Installator 104
553 Ixithlan 109 674 Don Luis rs
669 Dr. XembUla....lOo 667 Flamora 90
666 Satsuma 106 (669) The Fretter 109
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; free handicap.
676 Silver Maid 85 441 May W 124
(B2s)Novia 106 867 Ventoro 123
... Boundlee 90 672 Good Hope 90
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Jael, Almoner, Mainstay.
Second race— Andrispa. Daniel. Rachel C.
Third race— Forte, Topmast, Weller.
Fourth race— SofaJa. Gaylon Brown, Ullag-on.
Fifth race— Dr. Nembula. Satsuma, Flamora.
Sixth race— May W, Good Hope, Novia.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE —
KENTUCKY LOTTERY
Month of January, decided by the
drawings of the Canadian Royal Art
Union, Wednesday, January 17,1900,
Class A, drawn at 233 and 240 St.
James Street, Montreal.
No. Prlre. No. Prize. |No. Prize.
136 8 172 8| 2U 40
265 20 430 Si 581 12
671 8 .734 8i 852 8
884 8 960 20| 1013 8
1021 40 1037 12 1005 40
1169 12 1358 1372 8
154S 12 200 1575 8
1607 8 1656 S 1871 13
1931 8 1994 8| 2047 Z0
2101 12 2168 Si 223S 8
2234 8 2466 t\ 2514 S
2520 8 2624 S\ 2635.. 12
2745 8 2810 12 2980 M
J234 20 3239 8 3300 8
360S 40 3615 S 3648 8
3685 20 3729 40 3551 S
4243 60 4266 12 4332 13
4398 8 4404 12 4487 12
4671 12 4655 12| 49SS 8
5168 20 5203 SI 5233 S
5253 8 5297...*..... SI 5398 M
6479 8 mi 20 5730 ?
5765 20 6123 12[ 6235 S
6242 12 628S 12| 6332 8
6335 g 6403 40i 6673 20 ;
7K6 12 7063 $! 7124 2(1
7153 12 7340 20i 7433 S
7471 8 7499 8 76->l 8
7527 12! 5022 12: 8206 8
5330 8) 8335 60 8415 12
5561 2018699 4018769 S
8969 20 9023 SI 9036 20
9073 8 9140 20| 9170 S
923S 20 9325 20 1 9677 2<>
9729 121 9859 12| 9964 2»
1000« 8110327 12(10258 20
10645 20110699 12110814 40
10823...*..... 8i10835 12,10991 12
11024 4O'11O4« 12|11256 S
11439 12:11447 12i11557 40
11603 8111649 1-0.11922 S
11?35 12,12137 ?|12207 8
32373 8 12772 20U2785 S
12956 8 13007 8:13046 S
13091 40 13249 6U|13271 S
13306 8 1331S 813332 8
13643 40 13527 12|13580 2u
14058 20 14181 5H4268 12
14289 8 14305 12114513 8
14541 20 14554 8114785 S
15074 8;13157 5113162 12
15257 20i15261 5;i5575 20
15755 60[15970 8116277 12
16521 8 16623 5116712 f)
16747 12 16755 12117059 8
17290 12 17401 20117527 8
17589 12 17775 40;1793S 8
1809S 8 181S1 12|15210 20
18222 8 18261 12118574 8
18577 20|18519 S>|lSS62 20
15974 20119119 12,19154 12
19344 8)19346 1211336 a 20
19429 12 19434 8119462 8
19466 8 19458 12119640 20
19698 8 19770 8:19777 20
19535 81 :
20149 8120257 40.20315 12
20336 20J20408 8,20442 8 J
204*1 820507 820517 40
20584 8,20623 12120773 40
20545 1220986 521190 12
21212 20:21244 60.21394 12
21405... 8 21462 40i22092 12
22152 40,22192 8122193 20
22297 8 22330 12122446. S
22521 8,22045 8 22564 8i
22;.65 12122606 8:22703 12
22756 20122599 8122942 20 I
23200 40;23283 20:23462 8
23550 8(23629 12;23*J1 8
23821 40|24021 5124047 12
24071 2024119 8 24159 12
24193.. 8124281 20124284 40
24526 20.24602 12,24794 12
24500 8i23143 5123199 40
25354 2025416 12125420 8
25611 20125630 Z0135791 8
25669 8125855 122588? 8
26118 8 26167 12 26256 8
26306 12,26614.- 20i26723 20
26804 20126564 SJ269CT 20
27023 12,27032 12,27199 8
27293 40 27325 II 273" 3 S
27368 12127443 60;27475 20
27510 20J27526 i2|27544 8
27599 12 27635 8 27K84 12
2772S 827812 S|2TS24 12
27552 825003 s; 2W47 12
25067 20.25215 12:25397 8
2S. r .65 12128572 40|25640 8
2SSII 12125850 12125890 8
28954 40:29163 40:29211 12
20325 8129350 8!29U5 40 !
2945 ... 8,29483 12129664 12 ;
23626 8 29536 12:29779 8)
295"5 829859 8j29970 12 j
JOOOT 12i3C010 8!3C027 12 i
30C60 830206 12 30259 8 1
30353 8 30418 2030437 8
80501 ZO'WWS 12:30783 S |
30506 8^30979.. ...... 8:31091 20 1
31234 8131240 8 31314 8
31437 8;31600 8 31819 8!
31«46 12131717 20:31719 12
31725 831774 8 31779 13
:U7S2 UISOO 60132032 .... 40
1000 32067 40^32165 8
32309 12!32614 40 33148 8
331SS 8133235 12133236 8
33331 533367 1233382 40
33717 12:33933 21134040 8
34047 8J54053 8J34U5 8
34123 8-34141 8 34229 12
34307 8 ! 34320 12*34354 8
34579 8134513 8134544 8
34974 12134982 10135194 8
35197 12135210 F!3.">337 8
3535S 8135402 12.35597 13
35726 1285796 8135840 13
35910 8 35958 ;2;3595S 8
36034 12i36093 1-36136 80
36141 20:36149 8.36245 20
36353... 836407 40J36487 40
36591..* 8 ! 36637 20.36734 S
36740 20136774 &136778 12
3CSSO 836554 8:36932 8
S7OBS 12:37092 4C37234 8
372 5S g 37305 8J37610 20
37863 837747 S 37760 40
37754 ::::;.. 8(37793 »mj s
37536 8J37541 2037861 8
37567 i ..I 1237907 187983 8
35059 1235053 ?0j35103 8
38216 I!.. 8 38261 12i35296 28
3S3SB 1235416 e;58432 8
«451 20138511 12135543 20
35559 8|85696 4013SS0S 20
SSsis" 1235851 8,39165 8
39215 .. 8139311 40.39329 40
3^414" 12^39440 8 33575 20
wi11... 839687 1239731 12
30774 12,39807 201
40f,05 2040017 1240155 8
40213 8140255 S 40349 12
4CH3 20J40656 12(40790 40
40791 840794 70:40975 S
41053 12M1108 81412U 40
4T26 1241427 541478 12
41405 8 41563 €0141747 12
417C9 40 ! 41R8« 4041928 12
41929 8J41954 5U2091 20
4192 ...... 8142343 8142461 12
4-.45-J 12 42552 2042552 12
405934 o S9 3 8 4322S 8|43332 13
43439 12 43699 60,43713 8
4'7<>s .... 8 43539 12143551 A 12
i3Wl' 8i44099 £0!441U 8
442 V 8 44253 fC!4454« 8
44R36 12 44653 12144665 13
44749 12 44900 8145043 8
45142' .... 40 45210 M 45588 12
45717-1 201 45874 H45875 *1
4? 8778 77 40 45885 20146081 12
484W 20146535 *! 46575 20
4«6?0 12 46764 12146796 S
46998 20 47051 12147459 13
47462 20 47547 :2',47573 20
4764- 12 47790 20i47573 9
47901 20!4503« t,!4807S S
15199 40U5295 8145304 8
45379 8 48399 20J43482 8
45601 20 48716 ? 48969 12
9!45 8 49267 12J49307 12
Jofio4 8 49679 40|
5C007 8 50033 850293 12 .
MSli ... 8 50487 12i5054l '. 8
io6^"" 8 50638 8 5107* 15
M 175 .... 40151226 8151297 12 .
i;ir*>" 12*51496 S'SIKS 8
5165!»;!!.'!i.. 12!51769 » '52017 20
8234S 20 52451 12152491 8
;->s2<>' 60)52558 8152570 8 '
™tV 852677 J15277S 8 i
M 785" 12)52815 M 152579 20
"101 8153131 8 53266 8 I
arifi" 81c34C0 40i53560 40
SsV 12:53819 12153661 40
8153569 8154002 60
Mol4' 8154016 8154075 g
B4 UI 8J54151 20154212 8
54253! 4064299.. .*..... 20154352 12
M »B3 R154434 12154471 8
84459.' 20154532 2054556 40
54593 40154655 SISSMI 12
55178 12155303 «155433 40
Fo-4' .. BISSSS7 1215595« 8
85P77.! 8155057 |5«0O7 40
CflOl« I 200156101 8
2000156215 12156445 8
86474 815C535 2O;5«!12 !»
56553 20156G13 155632 8
66667 8! 200 56680 8
66797 20!56R34 20!5R85S 8 ,
57035 815704S 20157C85 8
671 54 8157258 12157422 20
E7541 2057645 8157773 12 '
57J5S 20157974 5155021 8 .
«n34 60155340 8 SS3M I '
55394 8155529 20155608 S -
68618 12 55761 SISBS62 8 .
K5929 -20 58563 8159063 8 J
55103 20159333 8 ! 593K5 g
89367 8!. r .9460 X 159549 8 ,
59580 8159654 *'55556 12
59793 20155832 K159865 8
6M04 12159999 8
60185 40160210 SiW2l3 15
60284 60 60496 8160604 12 '
60632 8 60692 l? 160807 8
61003 8 61103 6061126 20 '
6H32 60161^9 8161223 20
61279 40J61333 5161341 8
61369 8161481 " 8161540 8
616J9 20161699 40181741 8
61742 8161830 20161965 12 !
622C8. r 12162273 20162290.: 20
62351 862433 T2162687 g ,
62771 40162900 20;620«9 80 j
62977 8i630r.6 1263081 8 /
63-ni 865550 20!63633 20 I
83643 60163575... 12163733 60/
63895 8163965 4C164004 13'
64029 8J84248 12164329 U -
64fe68 4064549 12164572 1?
«5159 8|8523« ¦ 12! 65339 I I
65409 8165418 g'65599 * I
65506... 8 85851 12J66032 8 I
66036 12166226 816R237 12 "
K6JW 20166377:....... 12156481 20 j |
BIG SPORTING EVENTS
VALUABLES TAKEN
BY HIGHWAYMEN
Emory Poston Held Up
at Palo Cedro.
UEDDIN'G. Jan. Zt.— The first highway
robberj' in this county for pome time oc
curred Tuesday night. Owing to lack of
japld communication the officers received
no report of the affair until to-day. Em.
ory PoFton was held up and robbed of
557 in sold iend a bank check for $100.
The robbcrj' occurred near Palo Cedro,
about ten miles from Redding. Poston
v. .-us nn his way home, when a man rode
\:p snd. with a pistol held at Poston's
h'^ad, forced him to dismount and give
over his valuables. Poston was then com
manded to ride on and the highwayman
disappeared in the brush.
Poston spent the night at his home be
fore coming to Redding to report the rob
bery. Tho officers found no trace of the
¦highwayman further than pome valuable
papers ho had obtained from the victim
and thrown away near the scene of the
robbery.
LOTTEEY DKAWINQ.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900. L
ON HIS WAY TO
SECURE PEACE
WHEN ARRESTED
Story of a Hop Sing
: Highbinder.
SETTLEMENT NOT EFFECTED
MTJRDEB RfnHrp.-nnT.-p.-n TO OCCUR
IN THEATER.
Arrest of the Wives of Tong Men
' Said to Block All Attempts
at Pacific Nego
tiation.
Every possible effort to settle tho
trouble now existing between the Hop
Sing Tong and the Suey Sing Tong was
made yesterday. Meetings of tongmen
were held in this city, Oakland and
Marysvllle, but at the conclusion of each
the clarions of war sounded as loudly as
on the day hostilities commenced.
The Hop Sing Tong refuses to come to
terms and its members still thirst for
blood, that the killing of their fellow
members may be avenged. The arrest of
women, most of whom prove to be wives
of prominent Hop Sing men, has angered
the tong, and this is given as one reason
why the highbinders have decided to per
sist In defying the mandates of the police.
Another event which served to block
any attempt at securing the signature of
the Hop Sing president to the peace proc
lamation was the arrest of Ng Dong, In
vestigator of membership for that organ
ization. The Hop Sings claim that when
Dong was arrested Tuesday afternoon he
was on his way out of the city to meet
Wong Shi Shu, president of his tong, and
Induce him to arrange for a settlement.
Dong was placed In the "tanks," and In
his room at 20 Ross alley were found doc
uments which prove him to be a high
binder. This latter fact he does not dis
pute, but he claims that when arrested
he was on an errand of peace, which was
authorized by the Chinese Consul. It 1?
said that the Consul will make an effort
to secure his release.
Trouble Is expected at any time, and
last night the detail of officers was
doubled, in the Jackson-street Theater,
where the police had Information a mur
der was to take place. Stockton street Is
also closely patrolled, and all Chinese are
being searched for weapons.
|7 f v -i^^fcV^^ckjg^^jlf/S^ «^^r -jft-V^fll^H
N Cigarettes i]
¦ ML • Th© VBrv bp^t A w
fl With mouthpiece fl
10 cents for 10 fl
0-1 Not made by Japs or Chinamen | M
fi^Tfi • FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; four- year-olds and up; purse, $300.
. Time— l 4. :24»i; Mr. Mi "i. l:l4Vi. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, T. F.
Letta'e b. h. by El Rio Rey-OgraJena.
Pongo finally turned repeater. With Toolln out Vioris could have won. Alaska ar
rived on a late train.
Scratched— Tallac 104.
ft 77 SECOND' RACE— Sevea furlonirs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
No. Prize. IN'o. Prize .!Nh. W»
66T35 BSK73 Ss}f!£3£i
67337 1287422 *HES h
S7BSS 8 677?) »i«g» »
17122 <0«7563 *• b>llo i-
65197 40 65452 ffl^S SO
6*746 12 «*4!> -'"£?-, i
ssMi w«wt> 12222 «
691*4 5W216. ....... l?>w-
69471 8,63523 3 -'f ;ic>^ s
697t-2 12KUSS7 bjKmb »
69972 40 i „„„, 1O
70136 20 70295 EOT »
7P?17 . — 40'7W21 20;i0«31 i-
70792. .""I! 870564 12 7WKS 20
7H577 |0'T0972 ?. >9|7M63 *-
71072 20,71122 *\TM> g
71110 8.711*80 WTI33 ->
mst Biraaa «1221 ?»
71725 20J71731 B 'IH2 Z
"2038 20,72146 12)7238 ¦
7K68.- s!-24.W S'ZM4rt 12
72460 572602 12 7252S -'{
72695 2i172711 5727« l -'••
72943 i:'7iOCO B'73i*W 20
73091 12 731fi!> « 73250 J
73422 Z0'73523 3 "MS 10 12
73«77 12 73792 8:74<W0 3
74339 1274367 ir,74:«7.. :
7435S 8 T443S v74W I-
74752 8J747W1 8174883 *|
74903 12 749*9 40 i:*ij* S
7:053 i? r.n."> s'734so m
75.-.53 40,7.*>5.12... l?;76fllS s
7SIJ3 12|761M 12 7*452 J
76529 8 75573 8,7«5<5 J-
7663i5 20 78721 12. 7K726 |-
7SS3O 12i:«41 10i76SSl *-
77C4« fc 77110.. 5" .77249 J
7725S 12 i 77530 4f>'7771.1 »
77721 H'77<Us 2bi77**2 *'•
75213 407«224 i:'l7";2S2
75433 12 7s:.ir, 517 V.27 »
7SR4O 8.78733 12;7*C«3 1-
78557 207W3 8;71<047 s
73082 2f1|7!)102... '..... 4t 1 ;7:HO7 J -
79140 S:7SUtSI... *'2S «
79441 » 73*51 5,794.>« »
79512 12.7:.:,41... ffi« »
79564 fIWS».;J ffiKSw
71SSS S'7'J«9« 8.70.>11
795.-S 4rti ' - -»«MH»
80171 2ft:S<M42 50;nn4:u s
Sf>4i« BSn«5 SWIO 1-
RO*4A 8.5W48 20 S'MCS ii
81334 12i51343 8 SIJS3 «
SHO9 S M 1433 i*!*' 1 J*
51703 i 500 fej <
SJMI'iKW........ SMO2S *
SI9SO 12 i:: . v -;!'»i ;„
S2lOB 4.182427 >;- ; » g
82.-71 12 5-271.-. » KJM }-
82909 2O»2!tll sl«:»31 J-
Sr>:.o 2053073 8-.5055.. ...... J-
c-,,04 8 «31t)t »'S3liv» 20
83543 S.S3SIS 225 ffl
S36W 2<\<3S74 »£»* »
g4l' t " S 84 194 M. >42'b I-
g4-.-,S 40,h4438 12 >44..0 o
S4SOS 12.54.-.43 2 '-'V,7£ §
84o«5 8 $4710 iIMSOS *
84523 i:wns If. V.^h i-
55142 12:^170 I^3
S.'^'O . ... B'*:.6U2 1-Aj.Sl, i-
8.-9^7 BSW'll 405K023 *
8«210 V8«271 -°^'' ?.
f6320 :'VS«429 4J.j«2* *'
SSf!;2 8 566C6 S^l'» 7.>
86355 12! 5W 6«-n'o6 «-n'o t
57252 12«7341 £v%e '<>
soif:::::::: «ffi::±: »
SSS9B 12 <(S<iiS 20^,-1 -'_)
00-so 853030 <* >'•'«- *-
S::::::: l%™ *»« *i
89646 40,59709 40 53.% *
wni:::::::: o«b» »«» g
9C720 1290513 >» ,'
91002 W9MI3 !0 WKI •-
mS::::.::: 203132.-, «
„,.-, . T«14"7 20 91.33 *'
95:::::::: iffiwrr.:::: •%»
92033 ««320« B»« «
92088 MJS2 22^ i?
I4tl mum KIW»« >
Mr3l"".":. S &3062 M !'S3K *
ll£:::::::: »-osm2 K|«g 2*
S^ :::::: - 5-?S5:::::::: BfcS i
Sfe= Ig ill 3
I" 20i9«094 5,'.«5122 VI
•«« gfe::::::" s^i:::::::: S
07591 "... 12!>75r.3 S^lS^ 40
2If,J 5,;«<371 409X405 12
EiEn feE5 WfciE I
99762 899SU 20,
APPROXIMATION 1 FRIZES.
100 numbers from HWtßttffl tX^*l^^l
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
j raK i n7 the capital prize of Jl-i.ow. »20.
* wiTnuinSr. f«m 79^761 to 79.561 tnclualve. be-
ir.ir M numbers on each aid.? nf the number
drawing the capital prize of M<V\ 11-
100 numbers from i ? ..966 to U.OU tSChatr*. be-
!n< 50 numbers on each sid--> of the number
drawing the capital prize of COOft |S.
TERMINAL PRICES.
999 numbers ending with 33. beins the two
last fibres of the number drawing the capital
prize of 115.000. $4.
999 numbers ending with 11. belnjr the tw,-»
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $4000. J4.
The above la for ZJc, 50c and $1 tickets In pro-
portion.
The subscriber having; supervised the sin*!*
number drawing. Class "A. of the Canadian
Royal Art Union. Limited, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were this day-
drawn from the lO^.wo placed in the wheel, with
the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Montreal. thi3 Wednes-
day, January 17. 1900.
HILAIRE HURTEAIT. Ex-M. P.
Commissioner.
Time— H. :13>4; %. :36V4; %. 1:01; %. 1:27U- Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. g. by Lord CHfden-Tennie B.
Pat came back with all his speed. Croker played his part well. Owyhe* created a
frost.
C*TCk FOURTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse
Time— H, :12%; % :3G*;; %. 1:01%: %. 1:26%; m. 1:33%; 1H m. 1:52. Good start. Won
first three driving, winner, J. Coftey's eh. m. by Imp. Charaxus-Ethle.
Walsh on Potent* seized with racetrack paralysis at the finish. Rosinante came from
the backwoods, making a wonderful run. Tenny again knocking at the gate Formero
eulked.
Scratched— Weller 96.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IBto^.^R^I^ESTORATIVEI 8 to^.^ R^ 1^ ESTORATIVE - WVWOiU.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and <3n«r<*i
Tonic for t* Sexual OrgaaLToS :"tt^2,2"
Th« Mexican Remedy for DJs-ases of ttoKM.
ney» aod Jladder. Sells on Its own mwln
tABER, ALFS & BRUNE Attnti
m Maxk.t itreet. B. r.-(S«ru! for Circuit).
Tim<?-To M. :2U4: to H, :45Vi : last H. 1:00: short "Si, 1:10. Straggllne start. Won easily.
Second easily. Third driving. \\ inner, J. F. Schorr's eh. c. by Cayuga-Prosperlty
Brode has regained his old Tennessee form. Alice Dougherty left swinging on the
rate, finished well. Zlgka an amateur whirlwind for a few panels. Silver Bullion will
soon b» nominated.
/>O| SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
dr.da:i/s keinyiqoratorS^^i
Five flur.dre.l reward for nny
case wj cannot curv. Thia secret ?rr 3 ** BwQ
remed' stops all losses in "l T . >U
hours cures Emissions,, Imno- V«3| TnfA
tency Varlcocele. Gonorrhoea <^T F*m
Olee> Fits. Strictures. Lo»i UIL. ftUli
llaruood and all wnstinc efT-cts J»2 P5*S
of ielf-abuse or excesses. Sent t --—^~S*l
eeaed, (2 bottle; 3 bottles. JS: guaranteed tn
for »ale at 1073-, Market »t s F Alt nrivi?*
dieases quickly cured. Send for free book.
4
Horse. Age. '
W«
eight. |St.
Ura
'.-itn.
?*m.
Str. Fin.
I
IBettlnsr.
Jockeys. lOp. Cl.
£41
}V,
VI
Tl
A!
Mi
BU
IH
Ri
lir
N:
oriKO, 5
lorU. 4
Itn Toolin, a.
laska. 5
old Ilarcn, 4..
:unscy, 4
ilver Mai<i. 6.
•elpcta, 4
ufalha, 6
amlet. 4
aples, 4
...113; i
...104' 4
....112! 3
r.v.iis 6
....116 8
....119 2
....117 5
;.T.104 7
....107 10
....114 9
?..104|ll
4 2
2 2
1 h
7 1
E h
9 hi
3 n
6 4
11
8 h
10 h
3 2
2 2
1 h
7 1
4 1
8 h
5 1
«14
9 4
10 h
11
32 1^
In 2 6
22 3 h
52 4 3
6 14 5 2
S 14 6 14
4h 7 4
72 8 2
96 9 2
10 2 10 2
11 11
Pi&sott 6 6
Jenkins 4 5-2
Thorpe 8 S
E. Ross 8-5 8
L. Turner 4 8
E. Jones 15 20
Morgan 20 40
Logue 15 100
Henry 10 30
Bullman 8 12
Heinson 10 15
Index. Horse. Are.
&il rat Morrissey,
467 Montanus, 4...
644 Croker, 4
6.77 Owyhft, 4
K» Billy McClusk;
. Weight. St. »4m. Km.
; 6 105 2 2 2 2 3
108 3 3 5 3 10
107 1 1 H 1 h
10S 4 4 3 4 3
ty. a...IQS[ 5 5 5
Km.
1 1
3 12
22
42
5
i I Benin*.
Str. Fin. Jockeys. . Op. Cl.
12 11 Bullman 1-2 3-5
2 1 2 8 Jenkins 3 6-2
3 8 3 4 E. Ross 20 40
4 3 4 « Heinson S 15
6 5 Stuart 60 100
Index. -Horse. Weight. St. Km. to.
... Almendral 109 6 ... 4 1
CG4 BaR-iad 11l 7 ... 7h
... Harry Thatcher 109 S ... 11
€28 St. Anthony 109 B ... 6 hi
... Matt Hoean 109 10 ..." SI
.'O2 Frank Kuhry 112 1 ... 2 1
6SS Free Paaa 117 8 ... 8 h
£40 Tomale 103 2 ... 6 h
664 Invisible 109 9 ... , U
CG4 Edpardn 109 11 ... 10 h
... Nettle Clark 107 4 ... » V 4
Sim.
22
6H
1 h
4
72
8 1
9 1
64
:oi
ii
3 1
Str. Fin.
1h 1 h
8 H 2 ns
21 3 h
4 hi 4 h
61 6 h
82 6 1
91 7 1
71 8 2
10 2 9 1
11 10 3
6 M 11
Bettlngr.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Bullman 4 3
I* Turner JO 100
K. Jones 5-2 6
Jenkins 2 3
T. Walsh 6 13
Thorpe *. 10 20
Klley 15 2i>
Henry 10 12
Vlttitoe 8 8
E. Ross 30 60
Morgan 15 10
Index
641 1
G43 1
C 66 1
C 67 1
CIS <
«4 «
t. Horse. Age. Weight. -St. >4m. %m.
Moslnante. 6 Sfi 8 6 6
Poter.te. 4 103 4 1 2tf 18
Pavld Tenny, 6 103 5 6 4 3 h
Formero, 4 108 6 4 \ 2 1
Casdale, 4 38 2 3 1 6 1
Grand Sachem. 6.. ..1031 1 2 M 4 h
9im.
3 h
1 2
4 2
6
5 h
• Betting:.
Str. Kin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
8 3 1 ns Phelan 3 4
12 2 2 T. Walsh 9-5 6-5
2 2 315 Rullman 9-5 2
4 n 4 1 Spencer 8 10
6 H 6 IV4 Henry 20 60
6 8 Morgan 46 75
Index
CC7 ]
CRS) t
€13 1
217 i
631 :
I
c. Horse. Weight. St. %m. %m.
F W. Brode 115 4 ... 2%
Alice Dougherty 10T 5 ... 4 1
Be* B^e 110 3 ... 8 5
Silver Bullion 112 2 ... 6
Zlska 107 1 ... l'/4
%m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Ch
1 H 12 17 Bullman 4-5 4-5
* * 4 3 2 1 Jenkins 3 16-5
3 2 8 2 3 M Thorpe 11-5 3
6 0 4 2 Morse 15 75
2 Itt 2% E T. Walsh BO 200
ndex.
Horse.
Ace. Weight. St.
%m.
ttm.
%m.
Ptr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Bettin*.
Op. Cl.
€42 Del Paso 11. a 124 2
«54 Tirade. 4 lIS 5
CC3) Stuttgart, 4 11« 9
€60 Taruba. 4 116 3
4i>; Campus, 4 119 1
Ml I^adaea. 4 107 4
.'l4 Padre Jose. 5 117 7
CSS Inverary 11, 6 121 8
E2S ll* Happy. 5 119 «
EM Taxsajara. 4 11l 11
241 VYUmeter. 5 124 7
£51 Sylvan Lags. 4 U4 10
S n
4 3
6h
2 2
1 h
72
105
12
9 H
11
6h
I X
4 H 64 32 1 H
SH 2n 22 2?
C 2 32 1H 38
lh 11 43 41
21 4h 62 51
«h725 h 6 »4
7 h « h 7 2 7U
12 10 2 8 3 g 4
8n 91 92 96
11 1 11 1 11 1 10 2
1910 8 h 10 h 11 2
9 h 12 12 12
Spencar j
Conley
Bullman
Morgan
K. Jones
E. Robs
Bennett
Heinson ...i..
VHtltoe
\t>. Turner
Hennessey ...
(itomero
6-5 13-10
4 4
8-5 14-5
20 SO
20 49
15 15
SO 150
25 89
15 20
60 SO
40 100
60 100
ndex.
Horse.
Ace. Weight. St.
%m.
ttm.
%m.
Ptr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Bettin*.
Op. Cl.
€42 Del Paso 11. a 124 2
«54 Tirade. 4 lIS 5
CC3) Stuttgart, 4 11« 9
€60 Taruba. 4 116 3
4i>; Campus, 4 119 1
Ml I^adaea. 4 107 4
.'l4 Padre Jose. 5 117 7
CSS Inverary 11, 6 121 8
E2S ll* Happy. 5 119 «
EM Taxsajara. 4 11l 11
241 VYUmeter. 5 124 7
£51 Sylvan Lags. 4 U4 10
S n
4 3
6h
2 2
1 h
72
105
12
9 H
11
6h
I X
4 H 64 32 1 H
SH 2n 22 2?
C 2 32 1H 38
lh 11 43 41
21 4h 62 51
«h725 h 6 »4
7 h « h 7 2 7U
12 10 2 8 3 g 4
8n 91 92 96
11 1 11 1 11 1 10 2
1910 8 h 10 h 11 2
9 h 12 12 12
Spencar j
Conley
Bullman
Morgan
K. Jones
E. Robs
Bennett
Heinson ...i..
VHtltoe
\t>. Turner
Hennessey ...
(itomero
6-5 13-10
4 4
8-5 14-5
20 SO
20 49
15 15
SO 150
25 89
15 20
60 SO
40 100
60 100
Index
CC7 ]
CRS) t
€13 1
217 i
631 :
I
c. Horse. Weight. St. %m. %m.
F W. Brode 115 4 ... 2%
Alice Dougherty 10T 5 ... 4 1
Be* B^e 110 3 ... 8 5
Silver Bullion 112 2 ... 6
Zlska 107 1 ... l'/4
%m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Ch
1 H 12 17 Bullman 4-5 4-5
* * 4 3 2 1 Jenkins 3 16-5
3 2 8 2 3 M Thorpe 11-5 3
6 0 4 2 Morse 15 75
2 Itt 2% E T. Walsh BO 200
Index. -Horse. Weight. St. Km. to.
... Almendral 109 6 ... 4 1
CG4 BaR-iad 11l 7 ... 7h
... Harry Thatcher 109 S ... 11
€28 St. Anthony 109 B ... 6 hi
... Matt Hoean 109 10 ..." SI
.'O2 Frank Kuhry 112 1 ... 2 1
6SS Free Paaa 117 8 ... 8 h
£40 Tomale 103 2 ... 6 h
664 Invisible 109 9 ... , U
CG4 Edpardn 109 11 ... 10 h
... Nettle Clark 107 4 ... » V 4
Sim.
22
6H
1 h
4
72
8 1
9 1
64
:oi
ii
3 1
Str. Fin.
1h 1 h
8 H 2 ns
21 3 h
4 hi 4 h
61 6 h
82 6 1
91 7 1
71 8 2
10 2 9 1
11 10 3
6 M 11
Bettlngr.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Bullman 4 3
I* Turner JO 100
K. Jones 5-2 6
Jenkins 2 3
T. Walsh 6 13
Thorpe *. 10 20
Klley 15 2i>
Henry 10 12
Vlttitoe 8 8
E. Ross 30 60
Morgan 15 10
Index. Horse. Are.
&il rat Morrissey,
467 Montanus, 4...
644 Croker, 4
6.77 Owyhft, 4
K» Billy McClusk;
. Weight. St. »4m. Km.
; 6 105 2 2 2 2 3
108 3 3 5 3 10
107 1 1 H 1 h
10S 4 4 3 4 3
ty. a...IQS[ 5 5 5
Km.
1 1
3 12
22
42
5
i I Benin*.
Str. Fin. Jockeys. . Op. Cl.
12 11 Bullman 1-2 3-5
2 1 2 8 Jenkins 3 6-2
3 8 3 4 E. Ross 20 40
4 3 4 « Heinson S 15
6 5 Stuart 60 100
Horse. Age. '
W«
eight. |St.
Ura
'.-itn.
?*m.
Str. Fin.
I
IBettlnsr.
Jockeys. lOp. Cl.
£41
}V,
VI
Tl
A!
Mi
BU
IH
Ri
lir
N:
oriKO, 5
lorU. 4
Itn Toolin, a.
laska. 5
old Ilarcn, 4..
:unscy, 4
ilver Mai<i. 6.
•elpcta, 4
ufalha, 6
amlet. 4
aples, 4
...113; i
...104' 4
....112! 3
r.v.iis 6
....116 8
....119 2
....117 5
;.T.104 7
....107 10
....114 9
?..104|ll
4 2
2 2
1 h
7 1
E h
9 hi
3 n
6 4
11
8 h
10 h
3 2
2 2
1 h
7 1
4 1
8 h
5 1
«14
9 4
10 h
11
32 1^
In 2 6
22 3 h
52 4 3
6 14 5 2
S 14 6 14
4h 7 4
72 8 2
96 9 2
10 2 10 2
11 11
Pi&sott 6 6
Jenkins 4 5-2
Thorpe 8 S
E. Ross 8-5 8
L. Turner 4 8
E. Jones 15 20
Morgan 20 40
Logue 15 100
Henry 10 30
Bullman 8 12
Heinson 10 15
Index
641 1
G43 1
C 66 1
C 67 1
CIS <
«4 «
t. Horse. Age. Weight. -St. >4m. %m.
Moslnante. 6 Sfi 8 6 6
Poter.te. 4 103 4 1 2tf 18
Pavld Tenny, 6 103 5 6 4 3 h
Formero, 4 108 6 4 \ 2 1
Casdale, 4 38 2 3 1 6 1
Grand Sachem. 6.. ..1031 1 2 M 4 h
9im.
3 h
1 2
4 2
6
5 h
• Betting:.
Str. Kin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
8 3 1 ns Phelan 3 4
12 2 2 T. Walsh 9-5 6-5
2 2 315 Rullman 9-5 2
4 n 4 1 Spencer 8 10
6 H 6 IV4 Henry 20 60
6 8 Morgan 46 75Al.LSerroua //wcrt.if*— «?*»i ! i a T Mem*
017, Sleepieaenasa, etc.. catised bT over-
work and Inducrotiutu. Then qyifktv
«Mfc surely restore Lose Vitality in old
or jouck. and tic a man fcr s'wl?. busi-
ness or pleaearo. Preterit Insaajcy azvi
Consumption i! taken in time. Th-«i*
dm (hows immediate improvement ana edecta UUHS
where alt others fail. Insist upoahann;* the genuine*
AjaJC Tablet a. They hay« cared thousands and will
core JOQ. We give a positive written guarantee f> et>
tect a care in e*cb ease or reread the taocsr. Pric.i
£Ai«t* P«* packaxn, or six packages (full troat-
9U CIS* men?) for SS.CO by mail, in ulain wr:;^r,
ason rec*ir>e of price. < ircular-i Zxe«.
ajax Remedy co., 7 ?**£^. st *
Tor §al* In S. T. by Leicnlti A Co.. No Per*
centum Drug Co., Owl Drus Co., S. F.. OaU'd.
Hall of Justice Report.
The Supervisors* Building Committee
yesterday considered the petition of the
North Central Improvement Club to take
steps to hasten the occupancy of the Hall
of Justice. Architect Shea was directed
to file a report immediately regarding the
condition of the building and to state
when it would be ready for use.
The resolution passed by the old board
authorizing the payment of $4237 to the
San Francisco Novelty and Plating
Works for work done on the Hall of
Justice was recommended for indefinite
postponement because of the orUnion of
the City Attorney that the boara has no
right to take fln.il action on resolutions
passed to print by the retiring board.
THIS CITY'S TEA
TRADE MENACED
BY FALSE TESTS
New York Experts Are
Discriminating.
When Tea Examiner Cornslius Toohey
and Charles B. Platt, tea expert, file their
report with the Secretary of the Treasury
next week there will be a great commo
tion in mercantile circles.
The gentlemen named are engaged In
examining samples of tea admitted at the
port of New York by the United States
tea expert at that place as being up to
the Government standard and entitled to
admission. It is understood that the re
sult of their Investigations thus far has
been the discovery that certain brands
passed upon by the New York expert as
up with the requirements of the Govern
ment standard are far short of the mark
In quality and only equal to tea that has
been rejected at this port.
Sixty per cent of all the tea Imported In
to the United States enters through the
port of New York. . If It Is admitted at
that port of an Inferior grade to that ad
mitted at San Francisco the inevitable re
sult will be that the remaining 40 per cent
of this trade will go to New York also.
The merchants of this city Interested in
this traffic have taken steps to prevent
this calamity. .In order that the non-tech
nical part of the public may understand
the case a historical reminiscence is nec
essary.
Up to a few years ago tea was admitted
to this country without reference to qual
ity and duty tree. Then a tax of 10 cents
a pound was levied, irrespective of qual
ity, but under the regulation that all of
the commodity falling to reach a certain
standard should be denied admission and
should be destroyed or sent out of the
country. Tea examiners were appointed
under civil service regulations at San
Kranclsco, Tacoma, Seattle, New York
and others ports of entry.
After the new regulation had been in
effect a few months it was found that tea
of a quality inferior to that prescribed by
the Government, standard was being ad
mitted at Tacoma and Seattle, while tea
Just as good was refused at San Fran
cisco. Home importers protested loudly
against this discrimination threatening an
important element of the commerce of
California, and sent their protest to
Washington. They advised that a disin
terested person should be appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
and pass upon all samples submitted from
ports of entry in the United States, so
that uniformity might be assured and im
proper discrimination avoided.
Among the requests submitted to the
Secretary of the Treasury was one from
the expert at New York volunteering to
examine all samples sent from other
ports. He was thereupon authorized to
do so' This arrangement was deemed to
be one-sided and in favor of the Eastern ;
seaport, and a cry of disapproval went
up from San Francisco. If New York
was to pass upon San Francisco's Oolong
and English Breakfast why should not
San Francisco pass upon New York s im
portation of the same goods?
The protest seemed reasonable to the
department and the tea officials at this
port were vested with the power to ex
amine and pass upon the goods admitted
to the Eastern port. The examination
of the first batch of Eastern samples is
nearly completed and enough has been
found to show that the Eastern tea ex
pert was more lenient toward the East
than toward the West.
The discovery has created somewhat of
a sensation In commercial circles here
and when the report in all its fullness is
made public the wires between this city
and Washington will be hot for a while.
Tea Expert Platt and Examiner Toohey
declined yesterday to say anything for
publication with regard to the matter,
explaining their reticence by saying that
their work was not yet completed and
that their first report would be made to
the Treasury Department-
Duplicates of the tea samples sent from
New York to the expert and the examiner
here were forwarded to certain business
men in this city who caused examinations
to be made with the result, as already
stated that tea that would not be accept
°d at this port Is admitted at New York.
FIRi>T AWAY FOR CAPE NOME.
Captain Cogan of the bark Alaska expects to get away from here the first
week in April, or about six weeks ahead of the regular fleet. The Alaska will
take a full cargo for Nome, and after discharging it will probably go on a
whaling cruise. Captain Lew Williams will accompany Captain Cogan on the
Alaska. As whalemen they make a team hard to beat, and what they do not
know about the frozen north is not worth learning. Captain Cogan says the
Alaska will make Cape York, 100 miles north of Cape Nome, at least a fort*
night before the Ice will have left the latter place. He will then be able to
make his way down the coast as the ice breaks up and expects to reach the gold
fields a fortnight ahead of anything afloat.
if oattively cored by t&eso
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepa£%
Indigestion ana Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect jremwiy lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drorrsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongne
Pain in the Side, TORPID UYEPw They
Regulate ihe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SsnaU Pin. Bma!3 Dose*
Small PAca*
?^ S Btf% SALE
GREATEST lli I 1I 1 OF
==== Billy AGE
ABSOLUTE
AUCTION
TO-DAY
And Daily at 11 A. M. and 2 P. M.
SW. Gor. Geary and Stockton,
Opposite the City oi Taris,
Genuine Antique Fine
ORIENTAL RUGS, Etc.,
THE ENTIRE STOCK
OF THE
TURKISH RUG GO,
BEING SOLD OUT.
This is Ruz buyers' opportunity.
Nothing will be reserved.
This is a genuine auction.
Corns witness it and derive the benefit,
if so.
In the whole line of vessels there is not
a whole military organization. The men
are from all commands and all branches
of the service. They represent the dark
side of the Philippine question, where
there is no shouting, no cheering and none
of the wild enthusiasm of a returning
regiment, and when they land. Instead of
a welcome home, they will silently scat
ter to the hospital, the prison or the
grave.
O'HARE'S SERVICE OUT SHORT.
San Francisco's Attractions Too Much
for the Assistant Army Surgeon.
The contract of Acting Assistant Army
Surgeon Frank J. O'Hare has been fen
nulled, and Dr. O'Hara has been ordered
to return to his home In New York. He
was only five days In the service out here,
but he managed to create quite an mv
pression even in that short time.
CHare arrived here from New York
after service in Cuba, under orders to re
port at the general hospital for duty
pending his transportation to the Philip
pines. He reported at department head
quarters and then proceeded to celebrate
his arrival in San Francisco. Then h»
went in search of the general hospital at
the Presidio, but being unable to find it
he finally landed at the post headquarters
and reported to Major Cowles, who was
then in command. Major Cowles could
not receive the report, so he sent the doc
tor over to the general hospital In charge
of the headquarters orderly.
The doctor did not remain long at the
hospital, however, but proceeded down
town again and picked up the ends of the
celebration with such success that he for
got about his experience with Major
Cowles, and started out again to find
some one to report to. He lost track of
the hospital a second time and once more
he wound up at post headquarters, where
a second time he gravely proceeded to
report for duty to Major Cowles. Once
was bad, but twice was not bearable, so
after again sending the surgeon to the
general hospital in charge of the orderly.
Major Cowles reported the matter to
headquarters, and the result was the im
mediate annullment of the doctor's con
tract.
First Lieutenant James S. Parker of the
Sixth Cavalry, having been made post ad
jutant of the Presidio, has been relieved
from duty as judge advocate of the gen
eral court martial now sitting at the post.
Second Lieutenant Wallace B. Scales of
the Sixth Cavalry has been detailed as
judge advocate.
First Lieutenant Walter Cox, assistant
Burgeon, and Acting Assistant Surgeon
Allen D. McLean, Louis J. Steuber anA
Charles St. John have been ordered to
proceed to Manila on the transport Penn
sylvania, which is booked to sail to-day.
First Lieutenant Thadcieus B. Seigle of
the Thirty-eighth Infantry has been as
signed to the duties of quartermaster of
the Pennsylvania, in addition- to command
over the guard for the treasure to be car
ried down on the vessel.
Second Lieutenant Harry L,. James of
the Third Artillery, who has been sta
tioned at Fort Baker, has been ordered
to proceed to Angel Island, to remain
there while Captain Bumbough and Lieu
tenant McManus are on duty with an ex
amining board.
Sergeant James A. Morrow of Battery
O. Third Artillery, who has been acting
as sergeant major of the Presidio, has
been appointed a commissary sergeant,
ar.d has been ordered to be in Seattle b>
February 10. From there he will proceed
to Port Valdez and will report to the
commanding officer of the Copper River
exploring expedition for duty with that
expedition. His place will probably be
filled by Corporal A. G. Buschman, also
of Battery O of the Third, who has been
in the sergeant major's office for some
time.
Death of a Wealthy Woman.
Eppcial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 24.— The news
reached here this afternoon of the death
of . Mrs. Auguste Burdell in San Fran
cisco. Mrs. Burdell was one of the
county's earliest settlers, and leaves an
estate valued at $1,000,000.
• 1146 MARKET STREET. T
? New Store. New Goods.
r J. O'BRIEN & CO. ;j; j
yj Notable Bargains Will Be yj •
• "\{ Placed on Sale \i ?
7 'THIS r^v^-V^Y^
i 15 pieces BLACK CREPONS, reduced from Si.oo
, to 50c per yßrd
® 7 pieces BLACK FIGURED SOLEILS, reduced ?
• from $1.00 to 50c per yard •
• 12 pieces BLACK CREPONS, reduced from $1.50 •
' to . . 75c DGr y&rd 0
• TAILOR-MADE SUITS. T
• 50 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, box-p!eated ?
• back, reduced from £20 00 to $12.50 •
I J. O'BRIEN & CO. J
f 1148 Market Street. *
• Bet. Taylor and Mason.
ANTI-PLAGUE PRECAUTIONS.
United States Surgeon General Ap
plies Them to the Port of San
Francisco.
In view of the existence of the bubonic
plague in Honolulu and Asiatic ports the
supervising surgeon general of the Marine
Hospital Service of the United States has
issued a circular letter to Collectors of the
Port making them acquainted with the
additional quarantine regulations adopted
by the service. The new rules are very
stringent with regard to the inspection,
detention and fumigation of baggage and
cargo of vessels arriving from a suspected
or Infected port. •
For ¦ instance, passengers shall not he
vaccinated at or en route from ports or
places infected with plague, such .vacci
nation being held" to increase the liability
of plague infection, and by inducing fever
and swollen glands tends to confuse the
diagnosis at the port of arrival. This
operation must be performed at the port
of arrival and just prior to release from
quarantine.
Mammalian animals, such as dogs. cats,
monkeys, mice.. etc.. shall not be shipped
from a plague-infected or suspected pon.
or place. ,
: The 'new rules, were; put into effect at
this port yesterday. .
WIFE OF A PIONEER
PASSES QUIETLY AWAY
Mrs. Mary Augusta Burdell, wife. of Dr.
Galen Burdell, an old resident of Marin
County and a pioneer of San, Francisco,
died yesterday in this city. v
Mrs. Burdell was a native Californian
and was the only daughter of the » late
James Black, pioneer of the State of Cali
fornia. She was married to Dr. Galen
Burdell in the year 1562 and resided with
her husband at Burdella Station, Marin
County, except when absent from the
State.
Her husband and two children, one a
son, James B. Burdell. of Marin County
and a daughter Mabel, married to Cap
tain John M. Coleman, also residents of
Marin County, survive Her. Her loss will
be deeply felt and much deplored by nu
merous friends here and in all parts of
the world she had visited in her travels.
Tbere la nothins like ELECTRICITY to put
life, vlrn and vtgnr Into weak men or women.
Drugs give but temporary relief.; act merely aa
a stimulant, but Electricity files to all wealc
parts of the body. Imparting nature's fore»
thereto and doing the required wcrk surely an 4
in a permanent manner. If "run down" in
health and itrensth you had better try Elec-
tricity. Use an Electric Belt, for that is tha
best method of applying It: but be sure you get
a good one while you are about it; in short, try
"Dr Pieree'*."* for it Is guaranteed to be th«
best' Electric Pelt on earth.'
lO"* "Booklet No. J" free at if flee or sent by
mall for a 2c *tamr>. tells all about It. Addres*
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
€» Market street. SAN FRANCISCO.
CS Tribune Bulldinc. NEW YORK.
Will Dance in Mask.
The San Francisco Schwaben Verein
will hold its annual masquerade ball on
Saturday evening, January 27. at the San
Francisco Turner Hall. 323 Turk street.
The Schwaben Verein is one of the old
est German organizations in the city, and
its entertainments are always anxiously
looked forward to by the members and
their friends, who spare neither efforts
nor expense to make its affairs successful.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Charles F. Wells from Carrie Wells on
the ground of desertion; Laura Borer
from Louis Borer, on the ground of
fraud; and Minnie A. Shore from Birt F.
Shore, on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Sarah Rewcastle against "William J. Rew
castlei for failure to provide; Minnie M.
Daily against Joseph Daily, for failure to
provide; Francis Splller against Dorothy
Spiller, for desertion; Lena Helbig
against Gottlieb Helbig, for habitual In
temperance; and John "W. Brotton
against May B. Brotton, for desertion.
Notable Deaths
of the Day.
DEATH OF AN ARGONAUT
WHO WAS A MILLIONAIRE
Francis S. Wensinger, a pioneer of 1849
and a man who has been Identified with
the commercial progress of this city from
Its very Infancy, died In his apartments
at the Occidental Hotel at 8:30 o'clock
yesterday morning. Deceased had been,
sick for pome time past, but the direct
cause of his death was paralysis of the
heart, superinduced by rheumatism, from
which disease he had been a sufferer for
a long time.
Mr. Wensinger was a very wealthy man,
his fortune being estimated at from one
million upward. As far back as the early
fifties good luck came to him. He com
menced amassing money then, and every
thing he touched from that time to the
day of his death turned out well and paid
him a golden return for the energy and
business acumen he put Into it. He was
for a long time one of the heaviest stock
holders in the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, but eventually sold out his in
terests to Goodall & Perkins.
Mr. Wensinger was also one of the
founders of "the First National Bank of
this city and a director in numerous other
large business concerns. He owns many
valuable pieces of city real estate, and
was silent partner In the real estate firm
of J. J. O'Farrell & Co. O'Farrell was
his nephew, and repaid his uncle's kind
ness in setting him up in business by
skipping out of the city with all the
money ne could lay his hands on. Mr.
Wensinger settled all of his nephew's
shortages dollar for dollar.
The dead man was one of the leading
Catholics of the city and enjoyed the full
contldence of the prelates and priests of
that church. He was very devout and
charitable, and the different Catholic
churches of this city are indebted to him
for many generous gifts.
Deceased was about 75 years of age. He
left a widow, but no children. As yet no
arrangements have been made for the
funeral, but in all likelihood it -will take
place from one of the prominent Catholic
churches of the city.
Mr. Wensinger's home was at Freestone
Sonoma County, where he had a magnifi
cent country place, which was his pride.
Attached to the place was a dairy, the
perfecting of which was the hobby of the
dead millionaire and which he succeeded
in making the finest institution of its kind
in the State. About a month ago he came
down to the city, accompanied by his wife.
They took apartments at the Occidental,
where Mr. Wenslnger was stricken with
the illness which resulted in. his death.
FIFTIETH ANNUAL STATEMENT OF THE
CONNECTICUT
Fire Insurance Company
OF HARTFORD,
JA.2STCJ-AJRY 1, 1900.
CASH CAPITAL $1,000,000
THE ASSETS OF THE COMPANY ARE AS FOLLOWS:
MORTGAGE LOANS $1,100,840.00
rniiATERAL LOANS n0.000.4H)
REAL (ESTATE 221 ,700.00
CASH ON HAND AND IN BANK 224,(150.05
CASH IN HANDS OF AGENTS 174.350.10
BONDS. Par Value. Market Value.
IVur.inljn of Canarta. 4 per cer.t t100.000.00 $102,000.00
Ptate < Georgia. «Vj per cent 25.000.00 28,750.00
TerrlVty of Arizona 50,000.00 63.500.00
City f-lAFtorla, Oregon 17.000.00 15.020.00
City oitttllMM. Texas 12,000.00 12,600.00
City ci iJuluth, Minn 3.206.00 3.206.00
City ctFarpo, N. D.. 6 per cent 6.000.00 6.260.00
City ci Farjro, N. D., 7 per cent 9,000.00 9.630.00
Oty oi Helena. Montana 20.000.00 21.400.00
City <t Middletown. Conn 10.0Cp0.00 10,300.00
City ol Pawtucket. R. 1 30.000.00 31.500.00
CttT cf PortJand. Oif-gon 25,000.00 2X.750.00
City 4, Richmond, Va 60.000.00 60,000.00
City <S Salem. Oremn 11.0W.00 11.550.00
Ctty <f Fait Lak*\ Utah 40,000. 00 44. 000. 00
City <f Seattle. Washington 25.000.00 25.500.00
Ctty it Urbana, Ohio 15,000.00 15.000.00
Henn<pin Co. an<i Minneapolis City, Minn 25.000.00 25.ft00.00 I
Vayr* County. Michigan 25.000.00 26.2.>0.00
K«infc»t.-> School District. Minn 15,000.00 15.000.00
Fchod IHstrict No. 24, Marlon County, Ore 13.000.00 14. M0. 00
KoutbSchool District Notes. Hartford, Conn 25,000.00 25,000.00
Ulack P.ocks & Salisbury Beach St. R. R. Co 10.000.00 10.000.00
Uroadnay & .Seventh Avenue R. R. Co 20.000.00 21.000.00
C. 11 i Q- It. R. Co.. r-i per cent C.OOff.OO 6.000.00
C. X 4- Q. R. n. Co.. 4 per cent 6.000.00 6.120.00
C. E &. Q. R. It- Co.. Consolidated 7 per cent 6,000.00 5.G0Q.00
Chktsro, St. Louis & New Orleans R. It. Co 25,000.00 24.250.00
Chicurr, & Northwestern R. R. Co 6.000.00 5.400.00
Cfct«»*ro & Western Indiana R. R. Co 23.000.00 26.680.00
Cm ; D i Ironton R. R. Co., Guaranteed 15,000.00 16.500.00
Cm., Hamilton & Dayton R. R. Co 60.000.00 62,500.00
Cle« . Cln.. Chic. & St. L. R. It. Co 10.000.00 9,300.00
Cir-vt. Electric Railway Co 20,000.00 20.600.00
C]«>»-t!and 4- Mahonine Valley R. R. Co 10,000.00 12.500.00
r>aj-:"n & MichiEan H. R. Co 25.rp00.00 27.500.00
petroit, Grand Rapids & Western R. R. Co 3.500.W) 3,290.00
FitcJ.burr It. It. Co W. 000.00 62.500.00
Hari<m River & Port Chester R. R. Co., Guaranteed 40,000.00 44.Rfi0.00
Hartford Street Railway Co 25.000.00 25.250.00
I'i:m!s Central R. R. Co 25,000.00 24,500.00
I^fciKh Valley Railway Co 25.000.00 26,250.00 i
Lvcn 4: lioston Hallway Co 10,000.00 10,600.00
MJawapoH* & Bt Louis H. R. Co 60.000.00 45.000.00
Vorfolk & Western R. R. Co 25.0fi0.00 22.230.00
Noftb Chicago Ftreet R. R. Co 10.000.00 10.500. 00
U V Central and H. R. R. R- Co 25,000.00 26.500.00
N' V Lackawanna * Western R. R. Co 25,000.00 26,250.00
n' V N H. &H. R. It- Co., Debenture Ctfs 40.000.00 63.750.00
Pe.Bn &N T. Cunal *• R. R. Co - 2">,000.00 26.500.00
p.^t Heading R- R. Co 10.000.00 10.500.00
Koothern Pacific R. R. Co 39.0f0.00 40,950.00
Ft Louis & Pan Frnnci*co R- R- Co 25.0Wi.00 25.000.00
Tfii'do & Ohio Central R. R. Co 15,000.00 15.300.00
\Va?erf>ury Conn.. Traction Co 10.000.00 10.200.00
\V Chicago Ft. R. R. Co 10,000.00 10.500.00
W Chicaco fit. R. T5. Tunnel Co . 10,000.00 10.100.00
A<i*rr.r KxrireM" Co 25,000.00 26.000.00
Brooklyn Wharf & Warehouse Co 75,000.00 67.000.00
chicaco Kdison Company 23,000.00 27,000.00
Hartford Klectric I.ic-ht Co 10.000.00 10.200.00 ,
Mlnrvarxj'.!? Gax-I^ipht Co 25.000.00 25.750.00
People* Gas Llcht and Coke Co.. Chicago 25.000.00 26.250.00
rCarthwestM-n Trlejrraph Company 15.C00.00 16.600.00
Central Safety D*>-wit Co.. Chlcajro 15,000.00 35.000.00
Traders' Safe Jind Trust Co.. Chicago 10,000.00 10,000.00
STOCKS. ,
rt Rharej. Bald Eag',e Valley R. R. Co.. Guaranteed $7,500.00 114,625.00
:s« stares Chic. Uur. & Quincy R. R. Co 39.400.00 45.068.00
mo Fharec Chicago & N. \V. R. R. Co 15.000.00 25.700.00
242 f-harts Cfalcmro. Rock Island & Pacific R. U. Co 24.200.00 25.534.00
YJ. chares tt. Y. Cent. & Hudson River R. R. Co 15.000.00 19.500.00
ITS shares N. V.. N. 11. & H. B R Co 37.500.00 77,625.00
200 fhares Pitts.. F. V.'. k Cr.'.caco R. R. Co 30.000.00 64.000.00
2#i thares Empire & R. S. Telegraph Co.. Guara • ed 20.000.00 14.K00.00
«00 shares Northwestern Tel<»erar'h Co.. Guaranteed 30.000.00 34.200.00
JC7 <«har<s First Nat. Hank. Minneapolis 16.700.00 16,700.00
¦ JW Rfcuvs Importers' tc Traders' Nat. Rank, N V 10.000.00 60.fi00.00
11 shares Second Nat. Har.k, KCW Haven 1,100.00 1.R70.00
JOO shares Aetna National Uank. Hartford 10.000.00 16,660.00
S3 shares Charter <"»ak National Hank Hartford 9.300.00 8.370.00
lir, «hareH Farm, and M«f-h. Nat. liar.k. Hartford 12.500.-O0 14.250.00
;s:, shares F!r*t National Bank. Hartford 15.500.00 21.090.00
SfX' shares Hartford National Bunk. Hartford 80.000.00 40,500.00
41J share* National Kxchan^e Itank. Hartford..- 20.600.00 25,956.00
ISO i>har»« Phoenix National Hank. Hartford 15.000.00 . 18,000.00
4i shares Conn. Trust & S. D. Co., Hartlord 4.500.00 8,323.00
TOTXL. ASSETS .'...! 93,800,451.75
CASH CAPITAL 51.000.000.00
RESERVE FOR REINSURANCE , 1,801>,507.14
AIX OT'TSTANDING CLAIMS f. 200.714.H0
jcirr surplus ; i.0««,53».7i
TOTAL ASSETS ?3,50»,451.75
J. D. BROWNE, President.
CHARLES R. BURT, Secy- L. W. CLARKE, Ass't Secy.
BENJAMIN J. SMITH, '\
Manager Pacific Dept-
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent lor San Francisco.
FOR 11.
Tli9 Elegant aI Iron American
Mail Steamer
CAPACITY 3CCO TONS.
Sailing From San Francisco
lOHlayJay 21,1900.
Carrying First Cabin, Second
Class, Steerage Passengers and
Freight.
For Passenger or Freight Ees-
ervations Apply at Once.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,,
139 POST STREET.
MRS. JOHN LOGAN
ARRIVES ON
SAD ERRAND
Awaiting Her Hus
band's Body.
Mrs. John. A. Logan Jr. arrived from
Pasadena yesterday morning and went to
the Palace Hotel, where she will await
the arrival of the transport Thomas,
which is bearing home the body of her
dead hero. Major Logan, who was killed
at the battle of Vlgan about two months
ago.
Major Tucker of the United States Pay
Department, who is a brother-in-law of
Mrs. Logan, is at the California, where
he is also awaiting the arrival of : the
transport to look after the details of the
landing of the body.
Mrs. General John A. Logan, the moth
er of the dead soldier and widow of the
famous general of that name, is at
Youngstown. Ohio, where her son's re
mains will be taken for burial.
PEKING ARRIVES
WITH BODIES OF
DEAD SOLDIERS
First of Melancholy
Procession.
SIX TRANSPORTS EN ROUTE
•
SAD BEMINDEHS OF WAB IN
PHILIPPINES.
The transport City of Peking, which ar
rived yesterday with 156 soldier dead, was
the first of a melancholy procession that
!s now crossing the ocean. It represents
ihe other side of the war and is made up
of the dead, the wounded, the diseased
and the insax.e of the Philippine army of
occupation.
The Peking left Manila on December 29
tnd made the trip to this city In twenty
seven days, stopping only two days at
Nagasaki. In addition to the bodies of
the soldiers who died in the Philippines
6he brings the remains of Commander
Carlin. U. S. X.. who died of peritonitis
two days out from Manila.
It had been reported that many of the
dead soldiers on the Peking had suc
cumbed to smaHlpox and other conta
gious diseases, ar.d it was feared that
permission to land them would be refused
oy the local he.Uth officials. The report
however, proved to be unfounded. Dr
Klnyoun, the Federal quarantine officer,
after an <>xamii:ation of the death certi
ficates and the f-hip's papers, certified to
Health Officer O'Brien that none of the
dead wore victims of contagious diseases,
and Dr. O'Brieu at once issued a genera'
permit to Cclonoi Long- of the quarter
master's der'arimpr.t to land the bodies
at the Presidio. Special permits in each
case mi;?; be floured before the bodies
can be shipped East.
The Peking *as released from quaran
tine by Dr. KJnyoun late yesterday af
terr.con, but remained at anchor off
Meipgs Whaif during the night. The
bodies, which are in hermetically sealed
caskets, will ho taken off this morning
and the traifport docked, unless con
trary orders are issued to-day by Dr.
Kinyoun. a rfmote contingency, in view
of the fact that there is no sickness
aboard.
Th»re were thirty cabin passengers ar.d
375 frtcerap-e passengers en the transport.
The latter w?re mostly invalided soldiers
and the forrier chiefly army ar.d naval
officers returning home on leaves of ab
sence. Polliwlsg is- a list of the cabin
raseer.gers :
Colonel R. E. Thompson. Captain E. H.
Ix-usz. U. S, S. Monterey: Captain Ben
lamin Tappin, U. S. S. Callao; Captain
V. T. Coltmln. I. S. S. Brutus: Captain
J. H. H. P-t-hine. Captain F. R. Shunk.
Captain E. 3t. Butler, Lieutenant H. B.
"Solson, Lieutenant Joseph Romaine,
Lieutenant /. B. Cocke, Lieutenant A. N.
Wood. U. 6J S.I Dr. E. P. Howell. Dr. C.
V. Browr.!«\ Miss L. Bracker. Mrs. F.
ChatSeld. l^r.or Jose Alpue. Senor Jose
Clos. C. L> Bradford. J. Wickersham. A.
B. Bc-han, IV. T. Lakemain, E. Poppe.
John Creerfy. Hugh Ncill. J. D. Tellar. B.
A. Opden. "Master Earl Ogden. Master
Gordon i&den. H. T. Layer, Joseph
Coyle; Iljin the steerage.
Following- close on the Peking comes
the Thoin»s. due to arrive here within a
wef k. Sh^ is bringing the bodies of Gen
eral Lavfton and of Major Logan, be-
Fi<ie? a rrjnber of Pick. A day after the
Thomas t the Missouri, carrying 255
pick. Fill d.iys after her is the Indiana,
with 200 <cad. Just after the Indiana is
the Senafr. with thirty-four sick and
eeveriteerimsane. Then comes the Mead<».
r. few &.}•* after the Senator, with 135
prisoner?! ar.d. last of all. Is the Sher
man, with seventy-five sick.
INCOMING SHIPS
SIGHT WRECKAGE
OFF THE COAST
Some Vessel Has Lost
Her Deckload.
DEEPWATER CRAFT ARRIVE
?
INVERSBTAID MAKES VALPA
RAISO IN DISTRESS.
Another fleet of coasters and deep
water ships made port yesterday. Two
of them report passing .wreckage, and
shipping men are wondering if any of the
locally owned vessels has met with dis
aster. On January 13, when about 1300
miles east of the Japanese coast, the
transport City of Peking passed what
looked like the mainmast of a fore and
aft schooner. This was in latitude 33 43
north, longitude 165 4S east, at 5:20 p. m.
The wreckage was new, and as It was
blowing hard at the time some vessel
bound this way has evidently met with a
mishap.
On January 22, when about thirty miles
west-southwest of the Farallones, the
British ship Samoena passed what looked
like the deckload of a lumber vessel and
a considerable quantity of wreckage. Sev
eral of the lumber fleet are making long
trips from the Sound, and it may be one
of them that has met with a mishap.
Among the fleet that got in yesterday
were the British ships Merioneth, Sa
moena and Cromdale and the transport
City of Peking. The Merioneth was 132
days from Swansea, the Samoena 133 days
from Antwerp and the Cromdale '147 days
from Liverpool. This about clears up tne
list of vessels about due, so the pilots
will have a rest for a week or so. Owing
to the heavy weather that has prevailed
for the past fortnight all of them have
had a particularly trying time of it, so
the prospect of a calm alter the rush is
hailed with delight.
The British bark Invcrsnaid, which left
here on November 11 last with 52,757 cent
als of wheat, valued at $54,100, is playing
in hard luck. A dispatch to the Mer
chants' Exchange yesterday states that
sh3 has put into Valparaiso with her cargo
shifted, bulwarks stove and decks dam
aged. Captain Ross and his officers are
well known in San Francisco, and their
friends will be sorry to hear of the mis
hap to the ship.
Ihe overdue British ship Reliance has
been heard from again. On January 21, in
latitude 36 06 north, longitude 133 24 west,
she was spoken, and Captain Robinson
signaled "All well."
The Harbor Commissioners held their
usual weekly meeting yesterday. The
Fire Commissioners sent a communication
stating that there were not enough fresh
water ttre plugs on the front. It was
pointed out that it was impossible to
reach the end of many of the wharves,
and the city's apparatus was endangered
by having to go under the sheds. The
fire at section 1 of the seawall was quoted
as an Instance in point. The matter was
referred to the chief engineer, and the
extra fire plugs will be put in as speedily
as possible.
George A. Knight, on behalf of the
State Board of Health, wrote the com
mission offering it the State quarantine
tug Governor Perkins. Since the Federal
authorities have assumed control of quar
antine matters there is no more use for
a State quarantine launch and for several
months there has been nothing for the
Governor Perkins to do. Captain Brown,
superintendent of the State tugs and
dredgers, and Captain McGowan of the
quarantine launch, will hold a conference
and If the boat can be used on the front
the Harbor Commissioners will accept
her.
G. Francoeur was appointed "Wharfinger
at Washington street wharf, vice R. Staf
ford, time expired. Mr. Stafford has made
a most careful and conscientious Wharf
inger and the patrons of the wharf will
be sorry to hear of his removal.
The buckets on two of the dredgers re
quire repairing and bids were called for
the work. P. F. Dundon offered to do the
Job for $540 and secured the contract. The
Golden State and Miners' Iron Works
asked $996 on the same specifications.
The officers and men of the State fire
tug took possession of their new quarters
yesterday. Owing to the changes in the
approaches to the ferry slips the old
building has to bo removed, so new quar
ters were provided for Captain Brown and
his men over the Harbor Commissioners'
store. There is a commodious sleeping
room for the men on watch and a loung
lng-room that has no equal on the front.
Captain Brown, superintendent of the
tugs and dredgers, has a splendid room
which commands a view of East street
north and south. Mission street and al
most the entire bay. The old building,
which the fire boat men have vacated, will
be erected at the Folsom street landing
as a boathouse for Henry Peterson. At
that point it will be of the greatest bene
fit to the general public, as Peterson's
present quarters are always overtaxed by
people awaiting the coming and going of
the men-of-war and revenue cutter
launches and boats from the transports
and other vessels In the stream.
The mall steamer China sailed yester
day for the Orient. She took away a
crowd of passengers, many of whom are
for Honolulu. Among them was Father
Clark of the Christian Endeavorers, who
Is making a tour of the world. He wants
to stop off at Honolulu, if possible, but
the chances are that the strict quarantine
will prevent
ADVEETISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
PIONEER GIBBS
ALONE SURVIVES
A DEVOUT BAND
Episcopal Celebration
of First Service.
TRIBUTE TO THE ARGONAUTS
a
HYMNS STJNG THAT WEEE STJNG
FIFTY YEARS AGO.
The second day's session of the Epis
copal Convention at Trinity Church
opened yesterday with a service com
memorative of the fiftieth anniversary* of
the first Episcopal service on the Pa
cific Coast. The chancel of the sacred
edifice was decorated tastefully with
pine boughs, symbolic of the virgin wil
derness in which half a century ago the
little band of churchmen gathered to
worship the Christ whose gospel tidings
they carried to the pioneers. The choir
sang "From Greenland's Icy Mountains"
and "Guide Me, O Thou Great Jehovah,"
two hymns sung at that first historic
gathering. In addition an offertory solo
was rendered by Mrs. J. E. Bermingham.
In Introducing Cornelius V. S. Gibbs,
who delivered an address dealing main
ly with these early scenes. Bishop Nich
ols paid an eloquent tribute to the pa
triarch of the church in the following
words:
"With love and reverence we turn to
day to him who. of all those present, is
able to raise his voice even as he did at
that service fifty years ago. It gives
me great pleasure to Introduce to you
a pioneer whose signature is appended
to the first document of this church, one
who can truly say, 'In it I have had a
large share' — C. V. S. Gibbs."
Mr. Gibbs' address was largely a re
sume of the work of the Episcopal church
in California in the early days and a de
scription of the country in which the lit
tle bands of earnest workers found them
selves scattered. He told of the estab
lishment of Trinity Church in a little
wooden shed and of the n'rst Thanksgiv
ing and Christmas services held by the
few of whom he now is tb,e sole survivor.
Mr. Gibbs protested against the prevail
ing opinion that the forty-niners were a
horde of rough adventurers, and depre
cated the statement of a belief which he
had once heard pronounced from the pul
pit of a church in this city, "that it would
be well when the last pioneer was in his
coffin." In language trembling with emo
tion, the venerable speaker declared that
whether search should be made in the
annals of Yerba Buena or of the foot
hills, where glistened the golden nuggets
in the streams, one could not fail to find
abundant and incontrovertible evidence
that religious worship was a pronounced
feature of social life.
The afternoon session of the convention
was largely taken up with a discussion
of the salary of the archdeacon and the
election of officers. After lengthy con
sideration of the salary problem. It was
decided by a large majority that the
archdeacon be paid $1500 annually, which
sum should be set aside by the board
of missions, and be met by voluntary con
tribution. The following were selected to
serve for the ensuing year:
Delegates to missionary council*— Clerical
member. Rev. John A. Emery; lay member.
Colonel J. V. D. Mlddleton; registrar. Rev.
Standing committee: Clerical members— Rev.
J. Bake well, D.D.. Rev. R. C. Foute. Rev. W,
I. Kip Jr.. Rev. E. J. Lton. Rev. William M.
Rellly. Rev. Robert Ritchie. A mistake in
the count of the ballots cast for lay members
caused their election to be postponed until to
day.
Board of directors — Walter E. Dean, A. N.
Drown, Rev. D. O. Kelley. Rlpht Rev. W. F.
N'lchols. D.D., A. H. Fhelps. W. A. M. Van
Bokkelen, John A. Wright.
Board of missions: Clerical members — Rev.
D. C. Garrett. Rev. T. J. Lacey, Ph. D., Rev.
G. E. Swan. Lay members — Dr. H. C. Davi».
G. H. Kellogg, Colonel J. V. D. Mlddleton,
Vincent JJeale.
Professor J. O. Lincoln of the Episcopal
Church Divinity School at San Mateo
stated that the Institution was steadily
progressing and asked his brethren to
make necessary contributions of books.
By unanimous vote It ¦was decided to have
Bishop Nichols' sermon of Tuesday print
ed for distribution on account of its his
torical value. A. N. Drown was reap
pointed chancellor of the diocese by the
Bishop and thanked for his labors in the
past.
Bishop Nichols was empowered to ap
point a committee to make necessary ar
rangements for the appointment of com
mittees to handle intelligently arrange
ments for the big convention to be held
in October, 1901, three members of which
will be the Bishops of San Franclscp. Los
Aneeles and Sacramento. It was decided
to hold the next annual convention in
Grace Episcopal Church, after which an
adjournment was taken to 9:30 o'clock
this morning 1 .
In the evening the visiting delegates
were tendered a reception by Bishop and
Mrs. Nichols at the Occidental Hotel. The
parlors had been beautifully decorated
and a string orchestra lent the soft
charms of sweet music to the occasion.
Among the guests were to be seen near
ly every prominent Episcopal divine In the
State and while there were any number of
the cloth present to do honor to their
superior, the laity was well represented
by more than 100 of California's most
prominent men and most beautiful wo
""Assisttng Mrs. Nichols in receiving the
guests of herself and husband were: Mrs.
William B. Hooper, Mrs. Henry Glbbs.
Mrs. Colin M. Boyd and a number of oth
ers prominent in religious and social cir
cles.
Jfp^ 3 1 PILLS
Dr. Meyers & Co.
Men only. Pay when well. No In-
curable cases tal^en. f3dvlce and pri-
vate booK free, orflc? or mail. Home j
cures. Letters confidential. 731 Market !
St., S. F- Tal^e elevator to third floor
I j pj B Ey3 p^*3 Jjj BSE Kb B |p__ fc
5Scientists have, arrived at the conclusion that blush
ing is due not to fullness of blood in the head, but to
a disease known as eurothophobia. Mayor Phelan
seems to be immune.
Your Uncle Sam is acquiring friends at arapid rate
now that he has grown to be such a' big boy. Even
Kaiser Wilhelm is extending the glad mitt clear across
the seas
MAY BESMIRCH
HIS REPUTATION
Santa Clara Xews.
Mayor Phelan's catering- to the Exam
iner — his attempt to foist Esola upon the
people of San Francisco is not compatible
with his past record. It is'in pronounced
discord to his past actions, and varies
widely from the other appointments
that he has made within the last month.
Glancing over the list of appointees who
will direct the administration of govern
ment in San Francisco we see, in the
main, good men — citizens whose probity
and honor do not have to be made ap
parent by tribunal— and their worthi
ness is conceded by a people that accepts
them. These men are not "goods" deliv
ered in accordance with previously made
newspaper contracts, but able citizens se
lected from both parties— appointed be
cause of their fitness.' In the case of
Esola there seems to be no doubt that
the appointment was dictated by another
than the Mayor. Mr.. .Phelan's standard
of taste proves this to be a truth. The
STYLISH IIATS
The hats represented are suitable to
wear with tailor-made costumes. The
first is of chinchilla arid red velvet, with
bunches of mistletoe berries. The second
is of mauve gathered velvet trimmed with
violets and their foliage, and has a velvet
rosette beneath the turned-up brim.
V.y Turkish Rue Co.— Thit <Jar. at Jl a. tn. »n<J 2 p. m..
Turkiph Kugs. at 2«S Stockton «tr«t.
By Wtn. O. Ijjyr.ir-Thur*<:ay. January SS. «t 11 o'clock.
R»re Honw. at Oakland Race Track.
the work at the Mare Island Kavy Yard,
is registered at the Lick from Vallejo.
Coroner Charles Hopcroft and John
Smith, of Hollister, are at the Occiden
tal. They are in the city as delegates to
the Episcopal convention.
Rev. T. Rose-Price and R. A. G. Anne3
ley, two memhers of the British aristoc
racy, are in the city. They are making
a tour of the United. States and will make
Arizona and Xew Mexico a visit before
leaving the West.
easily corrupted Supervisors. It is natural he. should turn to Burns, for Burns has been
a known defaulter in even* office he ever held except that of Police Commissioner, and
there his record is not known. Such a "Democrat" and such a "Republican" have a wide
ground for mutual understanding, but there is no portion of that ground they dare dis
close to the people; and therefore the need of secret conspiracy in planning and a swift
ness of action in carrying out the plans.
There is little time left for Republican protest, but every day and hour of that
| time should be employed. The indignation of the genuine Republicans of the State can
• yet baftle and defeat the scheme, if it prompt to resolute action.
The voice of the rank and file of the party must make itself heard. Every Repub-.
lican in the Legislature should be made to feel his responsibility to the party and to the
i State in this issue. By protests against the bosses, by memorials settmg forth the right,
I by letter and by word of mouth, the genuine Republicans of the State should assert them
i selves in the contest. Even- constituency should speak. Let there be no mistake. There
I is danger ahead, and nothing but an intelligent and resolute patriotism can avert it.
If the Gape Dutch* Should Rise, What Would Become of John Bull?
• * —Minneapolis JYibune.
Auditor Wells has made the discovery that there
is no provision in the new charter for the counting
of the • moneys in the city treasury, He need not
worry as long as Mayor Phelan' is around. His
Honor is an acknowledged "hefter."
Dispatches from New. York contain the informa
tion that when the Count de Castellane heard what
the editor of Figaro: had to say" about .him he waxed
wroth. Any other Frenchman would have waxed hh
mustache. , ' .'.',' ". .... . .
The Police Commissioners surtly cannot refuse to
snswer two civil questions propounded by thousands
of our citizens as they meet and talk. Here they arc.
1. Did you ever hear of Esola until your appoint
ment? were offered you?
2. Would jrou*ever have ronsiderr^d him for the office
of Chit-f of Polk-* «-xcept for the pressure of Andy Law
rence and Mayor Pholan?
The columns of The Call are open for your reply.
It is the case of Andy Laurence ex rel. Esola vs.
the Welfare of San Francisco-. The Police Commis
sioners arc the judges and Mayor Phdan is trying to
corrupt the courts. There is the whole situation.
What a sunny prospect to our hopes of a decent ad
ministration!
The charter administration seems to have robbed
city employes of another of their vested rights. It has
b<en authoritatively announced that loafing on the
p:rt of laborers will not be tolerated.
If it takes as long to cut the Xicaraacuan canal -as
it has to suggest a route for it the next generation
may «till be speculating upon the affair as one of the
glorious visions of the future.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan is at the
Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. A.- B. Clayton of Chicago
are registered at the Palace.
A. . C Bingham, a Marysvllle banker, is
a guest at the "Palace.
J. J. White, a leading business man of
Fresno, is* a guest at the- Lick. /f-.
Rev. and Mrs. . George JJ.-~.Swan of
Berkeley are at the Occidental.
Dr. W. R. Gillette, a prominent physi
cian of New York, is at the Palace.
R. A. McPherson, a wealthy mine own
er of Sonora, Mex., is a guest at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. B. B. W. Ripley, promi
nent society people of Chicago, are at the
Palace. ,
Dr.D. Smith has come down from his
home In Napa and is staying at the Cali
fornia. ¦ - ?•'¦• "-> ''.':.: v •¦'•; i* :
| P. A. Demans - has .come up from Los
Angeles on a flying trip to this city. He
is at the Palace. .'-'^ V
George A. Smith, a wealthy fruit grow
er of Courtland, is among the recent ar
rivals at the Grand.
William 'Palmtag, a business man of
Hollister, is among the arrivals of last
night at the California.
D. A. Payne, a well-known business
man of Eugene, Ore., is among the late
arrivals at. the Occidental. . . . I :
Guy Kilburn, brother of, Paris Kilburn,
has come to the city from his home in
Newman and Is at the Grand.
"\\ r . 2\. Chester. .who ts ' connected with
GUESTS WERE
IN COSTUME
Mrs. Buckbee Entertains
at Dinner, Followed
by a Dance.
Mrs. Samuel Buckbee gave a delightful
"costume" dinner at her • home at 1609
Sutter street last evening. The widest
latitude was allowed the guests In mat
ter of "costume," and although the ma
jority chose to come in juvenile array,
still not a few elected to come in gorgeous
"fancy dress."
Mrs. Buckbee was a dainty pink and
white "baby," arrayed in all the glory of
pink and white organdie, with sash . and
ribbon bows. Mr. Buckbee assisted his
charming wife to receive the guests, dis
guised for the time as a sailor lad in
white duck costume. Fourteen guests
discussed the elaborate menu, -which was
in no way intended for "baby" digestions.
Pink roses made a pretty decoration for
table and drawing rooms. Mrs. Buckbee'ft
guests were: Mihs Therese Morgan, Miss
Bernie Drown. Miss Florence Josselyn.
Miss Jennie Blair. Miss Kate Dillon, Miss
Adelaide Murphy, Harry Holbrook,
Charles Felton, Frank Owen, Edward M.
Greenway, Willard Drown and Pierce de
l'Etoille. ¦ v
Dancing concluded the evenings enter*
talnment. ¦
The Fastest Train Across th« Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Sacta Ft Route.
Connective 'train leaves » p. m.. Jbnday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. . Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket office. K3 Market strwc
Personally Conducted Extrusions
In Imurovtd wide-veytibuled Pullniaa tcurta;
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Exjerienced
excursion conductors accompany the* excur-
sions to look after the welfare of paeeisjfers.
To Chicago ar.d Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston, fisntreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To h. Lou'.s
every Sunday. To Si. Paul every SurSay and
Friday. Ticket crSce. «IS Macket «:.-~t.
¦ * ¦ -* 1
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, a p&re vege-
table tonic, makes health, and healtt makes
bright, rosy cheeks and happiness.
An Insolvent Miner.l
A. Mauna, a miner of Ang«£ Cair.n,
CaJaveras County, filed a p«tltltn_ln in-
solvency yesterday in the Unito Sratea
District Court. His liabilities aft JUDI 35.
He has no assets.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> at Totnaend's.*
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses ani public met by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien's). Uo Moa;-
gotaery street. Telephone Main I>C *
Gulllet's lee Cream ar.l Calces. $??X<ark!n 9t.»
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— Frank A.
Jones of Oakland is in Washington to at
tend the annual convention of engineers.
He Is at the Willard. Dr. F. T. McLean
of Alameda is in Washington.
THE COMMERCIAL MUSEUM PROJECT.
I j ROM the tone of the discussion at the confer
ence held on Tuesday evening it is evident that
among the business men of San Francisco there
ire trmny who believe the establishment of a com
mercial museum in this city to be a feasible enterprise
md are willing to devote no small part of their time,
alent, energies and wealth to its attainment. The
irst step in the movement was taken by the organiza
ion of a promotion committee, with President
A'hecler of the State University at its head, and by
iroyiding for a subcommittee to investigate the whole
übject and make a report upon ways and means at a
neeting to be called later on.
That the work is to be one of great magnitude W3S
made clear at the start. "We must conceive of the
museum as a great thing," said Mr. Wheeler, "for if
we conceive it small we shall conceive it wrong." It
is one of the enterprises which cannot be carried out
by individual enterprise, nor by a single interest or
industry of the community. To achieve it there must
be union of all the forces at our command. It there
fore furnishes a test of the degree to which our people
are capable of sinking the individual struggle for su
premacy and subordinating it to a co-operative effort
for the general good.
The very fact that a body of men of such influence
and leadership in the city has entered upon a serious
consideration of a project so vast and far-reaching
may be taken as 1 a proof that a new spirit of enter
prise has been awakened in the community. It is a
spirit that is in accord with the time. It is an out
come of an intelligent recognition of the wonderful
opportunities that recent developments in the Orient
have opened for us, and a determination to profit by
them.
The inducements are certainly strong enough to
arouse the emulation of all. The trade of the Pacific
Ocean countries is not only of vast magnitude, but is
rapidly expanding. It amounts in its entirety to more
than $2,140,000,000 annually, but of that sum the
United States has at present less than,? per cent. The
British Islands, far away in the remote northern
seas on the other side of the globe, have by sheer
energy obtained upward of one-half of the whole,
and now Germany, by intelligent direction and a
careful study of trade conditions, is pushing her way
forward to rival the British. The people of the
United States have in the competition of such rivals
the highest incentives to action. We must have the
commercial enterprise of the British and apply it
with the scientific skill of the Germans. If that be
done the bulk of thi* immense Pacific Ocean trade
will come to the United States and pass into the
country through the Golden Gate, to the enrichment
o ( every class in the community. , .
It is fortunate that the movement has the leader
ship of such a man as President Wheeler. As The
Call has already pointed out, that leadership lifts the
enterprise above suspicion of being a movement for
the advantage of special interests and gives it a na
tional prestige. The outlook is therefore promising.
The cost of the museum will be great, but not greater
than, we can afford, and, moreover, we have a just
right to expect aid from the Federal Government in
establishing and in maintaining it. Definite plans
and estimates will probably be submitted at the next
meeting of the committee, and in the meantime the
public may prepare itself for the enterprise. It is
bound to be undertaken, and when started every one
in proportion to his means and influence will be ex
pected to support it as a movement of national as
well as civic patriotism. '
OUR SPRING STUDIES.
AFTER a career of marked success, in which
public favor has been fully won and retained,
the Home Study Circle of The Call is about
to complete the fall and winter course. It is therefore
timely to announce that with the issue of Monday,
February 15, the spring series of studies will begin,
and will present to the readers and students new fields
of interest and instruction.
The spring course has been devised to fit the time
and the season. This being the year of a Presiden
tial election, a series of studies will be given on
American Political Parties; as the Paris Exposition
will attract many visitors from this country and,
moreover, lead to the use of a large number of French
terms and phrases in reports of news from the great
fair, there will be a timely interest in the Twenty Les
sons in French Conversation which will be given in
the course; the outing season comes with the spring,
and accordingly the host of those who delight in
photography as a holiday amusement will be pleased
and instructed by the papers on Photography for
Amateurs; all classes will be gratified by the striking
course of articles on Recent Scientific Discoveries,
and there will.be hardly less interest in the series of
papers on Golden Ages of Literature and that con
taining Biographical Studies for girls.
The studies of American politics will begin with
an account of the Federalist party and its opponents
in the early days of the republic, and will be brought
down to the campaign of iB6O, closing with a de
scription of the fully organized political machine o:
our time. The scientific papers will include articles
on Wireless Telegraphy, High Speed Telegraph Sys
tems, Photography in Colors, Liquid Air, Dark
Lightning, Moving Pictures, Process Engraving,
Submarine Boats, the New Gases.
The studies on the Golden Age of Literature will
cover literary history from the time of Zoroaster and
the sacred literature of Persia down to the present
time, and will close with papers on Tennyson and
Browning and the golden age of American literature.
Among the biographical studies for girls will be
sketches of eminent women of all ranks and of nearly
al! ages, including such diverse types as Joan of Arc,
Mrs. Siddons, Harriet Martineau, Rosa Bonheur and
Florence Nightingale.
The contributors to the series will include sr.ch
eminent writers and educators as Edward Everett
Hale, D.D., Boston: Jesse Macy, LL. D., lowa Col
lege; Paul ..Elmer; Moore, Harvard University;
Thomas Marc Parrott, Ph. D., Princeton University;
Charles Forster Smith, Ph. D., University of Wiscon
sin; Isaac N. Demmon, A. M., LL. D., University
oi Michigan; Arthur Hi Palmer, M. "A., Yale Univer
sity; Maurice Francis Egan, LL. D., Catholic Uni
versity of America; Charles Horswell, Ph. D., North
western University; Miss Vida D. Scudder, Wellesley
College; Charlotte Brewster Jordan, Philadelphia;
John Leverett Moore, Ph. D., Vassar College;
Joseph Villiers Denney, A. M., Ohio State Univer
sity; L. A. Sherman, University of Nebraska; Charles
W. Benton, .M. A., Litt. D., University of Minnesota;
William J. Hopkins, S. 8.. Drexel Institute; Pro
fessor Benno Kirschbaum, Philadelphia; George W.
Gilson, Buffalo, N. Y.
From this prospectus ft will be seen that in many
respects the spring course will be even superior to
that which is about to close. At any rate it will be
fully equal to the demands of the wide diversity of
readers which American culture has developed.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
*EW YORK. Jan. 24.— C. W. Feldt and
B. Feldt and wife of San Francisco are
at the Empire' Hotel; Henry Crossman of
Los Angeles is at the Netherlands.
PHELAN SEEKS, WITH A GAMBLER'S
DESPERATION, TO WIN.
a NDY LAWRENCE ftacked the deck and
l\ \f ' Vh A
i \ ••i«^ or 1 iiciaii gp«wl mc CoTQr, htio \ cX inc^c
sure-thing gamblers find their game in immi
nent danger of msscarnage.
It was one thing to appoint men of repute upon
tr.e Ponce Commission with the understanding,
tacit or expressed, that Esola should be chosen Chief
c; the department, but was quite a different thing to
z.*k these men to sacriSce the reputations of a life-
An edifying spectacle was that which E?ola pre
•¦ *- ••»*¦•• *j\. *0* c i.iiv X.* o** i 'j 01 x once v_ o ill hi ism oners
vhen he failed to remember that he had appeared be
.r. r re inc*rn lefs than tvi o w^eks previously, ire \\*3S
tither lying impudently or hi? memory was so short
a> to demonstrate his unfitness for the place into
which Mayor Phelan insists upon putting him, to the
sacrifice of such honor and repute as now is left him.
For as to Mayor Phelin. he presents the pitiable
, r^mmm^msi ' .....
Spectacle of a man whose wealth lifts him above sor
did temptation. Yet he is proved a man who in hi>
lua tor place and power has fallen far lower than the
pothcuie. money-seeking politicians whom in public
hi pretends to despi. c c; but whom in private he
truckles to and-caioW. He has been charged by
The Call %vith the commission of a felon}-. To this
c lurns a. . 1 1« ps£. 1 n ncaci anQ ans \vex*s tnat «ie wil i
again appeal to the electors. Like all ophidians, hs
D^sks in the sun of his present prosperity, ignorant
of a tut'jre. He forgets, if hie ever knew, the words
of the Rise Lincoln that you cannot fool all the pco
pie ail the time. He has come to the end of his abil
ity in this direction. The people can no longer be
Xor yet can "the genlleinen whom he appointed
upon the Police Commission see their way clear to
swallow the bolus he would cram down their throats.
Esola is not only a bitter pill but a poisonous pill to
n:e; f repute. The people of San Francisco arc
matching to see if lhe>- can take it. It may be that
they will select for this responsible position a man
whose sole claim to preferment is that he is the
choice of A. M. Lawrence, but the people of this city
|s)|!£*?PH pu^tw**'- t *
will not believe it. They think that among our 350,
000 people a man can be found whose selection will
reflect credit upon the commission, who will be the
instrument of no man. who>e capability, independence
and integrity are beyond question. That man surely
iei c not Esola, and the Commissioners know it. If
tl'cre be within their knowledge any suitable person
ior the otnee they should appoint him at once; other
wise let them resijrn.
AUCTION SALES.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A COPPER CENT— OId Subscriber.
South Vallejo, Cal. A copper :ent of ISO 3
commands a premium of fr<an 1 to 9
cents; one of IS 10 from 2 to 14 jents.
TO' HOLD PROPERTY— Suj.. Sacra
mento. Cal. The fact that a man haa
deserted from the United Sta*s service
does not inhibit him from hiding real
property in his own name.
trial g-oes merrily on. and though it re
sult In the complete vindication of Esola,
Mr. Phelan will besmirch his present rep
utation and hazard hi 3 future prospect 3 if
he sanction the appointment of so ques
tionable a character to so Ugh and re
sponsible an office.
AN EXTRA SESSION CONSPIRACY.
LOOKING INTO THE FUTURE.
GOVERNOR GAGE has called an extra session of the Legislature under circum
stances and upon terms fitted to arouse the indignation of the State. The sum
mons issued on Tuesday for a session to meet on Monday gives but six days'
notice to the public and to the legislators. , That fact in itself is suspicious and suggests
that some plot has been prepared which can be carried to success only by being sprung
as a surprise and hurried to a swift conclusion before the people have time to oppose or
even to denounce it.
Such suspicions are well founded. The Call has evidence that Governor Gage
came to this city and had a secret conference with three men, at which time the pro
gramme for the session was arranged and agreed upon. The three persons whom the chief
executive of the State called into council on the subject were W. F. Herrin of the law de
partment of the Southern Pacific Railroad; J. B. Wright, division superintendent of the
THURSDAY JANUARY" 25, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. j
Address AS! Communications to W. S. LEA.KE, Manager
rtBLICATIOX OFFICE.. Market and Third, t. P. j
Telephone Main 1868.
rniTOKHL nOOMS. 217 to 221 StereßßOß St.
Telephone Slain 18*4.
Delivered toy Carrier*. IS Cents Per Week.
Siasrle Copies. 6 Cents.
Term* I»y Mall. Including-- Postage I
DAILY CALL. Unclodlnr Sunday), one yprtr . . SO.OO
DAILY CALL (Inoludlnir *ondnr). O raonlhu.. 3.00
PAILY CALL ilnrlndinc Sandar). 3 months.. 1 ."<»
IltlLY CALL ll y Mnsrle Month C 5«
M.VDAY CALL One Year 1 .."><•
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
UAKLUD OFFICE DOS Broadway |
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
lfanager Forrlfn Advertising-. Marquette. Batld- j
tig, Chicago.
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CAHLTO.V ..Herald Sanare
HEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LIKK.Ni JR 2B Tribune Bnlldlne
cm CA GO NEWS STANDS I
Sherman Iloasei P. O. News Co.: Great North* J
era Hotel; Fremont Houei Auditorium Uotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS t
Waldorf-Astoria Hotels A. Brentano, 81 Union
feauarei Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON 4XI. C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel !
J. F. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
tiRANCI* OFFICES 527 Montiromerr. eonter of !
Clay, open until Oi3O o'clock. 300 Hares. .
open he til 9x30 o'clock. O3U McAllister, open i
nniil 1»..*'.0 o'clock. 615 Lurkln. open until ]
8:3O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 ;
•'clock. 22(51 Market, corner Sixteenth, open (
until 9 o'clock. 1080 Valencia, open until O j
o'clock. l»<i Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. !
NW. corner Twenty- second and Kentucky. !
open until 0 o'clock.
Southern Pacific road, and Daniel M. Burns. Those are the men who' determined that
the session should begin on the sixth day after the call, and they decided, further, that the
balloting for Senator shall begin on next Tuesday, the day after the session begins.
A meeting of that kind for that purpose may be rightly termed a conspiracy. The
Republicans of the State have to confront the issue it raises. Herrin is a Democrat,
Wright is a Democrat. Neither of these men has any regard for the interests of the Repub
lican party. Burns has no interest in it other than the i office he hopes to gain from it
through the Governor and the Southern Pacific Railroad. It is with these two railroad
Democrats that the Governor has bargained away the Senatorship to Burns or to some
one like him, if it be found that his election is impossible. .
The issue, however, rises above partisan considerations. It is not Republicans
only whose indignation will be aroused by it. In a broad sense it concerns every citizen
of California.^Here is a railroad corporation, through two of its agents, conniving with the
Governor of the State to take snap judgment on the Legislature and elect its candidate
to the Senate regardless of the popular will. There is in that fact a wrong, an insult
and a menace to every citizen, no matter what his party may .be.
Herrin, who has been the arch plotter in the conspiracy to elect Burns to the
Senate, attained his eminence in the Southern Pacific Company by methods better known
to members of former Boards of Supervisors than to the general public. He would like
to have in the United States Senate a man whom he could use as he was wont to use the
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL,, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
How Uncle Sam |
Watches the Immi- |
grant and Catches q -# I
the Smuggler. n Tl * c §
vt>
The Shop Girl: SUf\ClCltf\
What She Earns and " |
How She Lives. f^svlf I
Co-Ed Life at Stanford January 28, 190 a |
What Happened at Ra- §
venscourt. §
By EDGAR PICKERING. §
What It Costs a Prima Why 1
to Dress. ??¦¦7 §
— „_ 1 L e f t I
San Francisco's Found- - 8
lings. th& I
As the Japanese See Church. |
Us: Socially, Po'iti- B f rev. j. c m^nnes. §
cally and Physically. |
. * '&
How a Man Should Con- |
duct Himself When §
the "Only One" Says -3
"Yes" I
X TOM P. MORGAN. J^l^l t^SSZ 1
I | the Standard of Excellence. §
L — '-rrr-?. r— — — — ; — - — — - '§
6
AMUSEMENTS.
lOrj.be-um— Vaudeville.
Calif ore!*— •¦ln Para<Ue#."
Columbia— "A Winter* Tale."
Tlvon-'The Idor« Eye."
Grand Opera -hou**— "Queen* Lsee Handkerchief."
Alhair.bra— "At Gay Coney li'.acd."
Alcazar— "Lord Chumiejr."
Chutes. Z-x> aed Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olyrrpia. corner Meson and E!'!§ streets— Specialties.
Ehr-rmaun-Clay Hall— Concert.
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.FOUND DROWNED.
Body of an Unknown Man Recovered
and Taken to the Morgue.
The body of an unknown drowned man
was found yesterday afternoon floating
In the bay near Lombard street wharf
by Charles Hodge of 330 Vallejo street.
Tho body was taken to the Morgue and
the clothing was searched, but nothing
was found in the pockets. On the sec
ond finger of the right hand was a heavy
gold ring with a cameo setting.
Tho dead man was about six feet t.ill
and stoutly built. The features were «o
much decomposed that it was Impossible
to see what they had looked like, except
that the nose was rather small. Thft
teeth were white and regular, almost per
fect.
The clothing was a dark plaid suit, lacvl
black shots with large yellow eyeholes,
white woolen underwear, black necktie,
and neglige shirt with a thin lino running
through It. The hat was not found.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My New Book,
Finely illustrated and FREE to those s«kln«
a cure. It biit-tles with wholesome truths that
are worth hundreds to every man, and which
concern your life, your happiness. This abounds
In those olear-cut. crisp Ideas and interesting
facts which appeal to your reason and are
Bood to re.id. It shows how to overcome your
weakness, inviscorate the nerves and organs,
anJ live to a ripe old aire.
This book explains how I have broucht to
the people the Grandest of all treatments for
Paralysis, Rheumatism, Kidney Trouble, Varl-
cocele and Nervous Diseases. It shows how
this method Is gaining In 'favor, and that the
cures, which sre numbered by thousands, are
wroueht without medicines. The pages of my
book, like white-handed Hope, tell you of that
power which cures your lost vitality, your rack-
Int pain.
Call or write me and receive my book free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
")J Market St., cor. Kearny, S.F. ; Burdlck
block, cor. Spring and Second sts., Los Anselcs.
•-•-•-•-•-•-•-•-©-•-•
! 2
° Credit ?
y is the foundation of fcusi- j
' ness between country and ©
y country, state and state, j
I manufacturer an J retailer. a
• Why should not the T
I s:ra: principle anply be- a
• • tv een you and us ? ,
' Our "NO- EXTRA- •
T CHARGE" CREDIT |
L system was fiiured from 0
I this standpoint.
f Chicago Tailoring Co,, °
1816 Market «t. •
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900-OALIFORNIA JOCKEY OLUB-1900
January 22 to February 10, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, . Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or Rhine.
Hive or more races each day.
Rae«« start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Kerry-boat • leave Kan Francisco at 1Z m. and
1J:3O, l, 1:20. t. 1:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains atopplnsr at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and their. escortn; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Al*o all train* via Alameda Inole con-
nect with Ran Pablo Avenue ear* at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. The*e electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:16 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
R. n. MILROT. Secretary.
iiliiili
plorer. and dis-
coverer of gold. For sale at 3!6 Pine gt.
nunTiinr Pile * * nd * v Rectai
UII U I lUL pay.No detention from
ffllll I Einr business. DKS. MANS-
tEI I I I 111 I I FIELD ft PORTER-
IIU I I U I IL. FIELD, m Market St..
AMUSEMENTS.
Even- riijrM Onetadla* Sun.i Matinee Sat.
-ONTINUINO ALL NEXT WEEK.
LOVIP KATHRYN CHARLES B.
JAMfcS KIBD^B HANFOJD
and a Corr.pflriy Ot 37 Pf^nle.
To-Klfbt an<i Friday.
THE WATER'S TALE.
Saturday Mntinee. 'HAMLET
"Cilht ' "MA«'HETH
Sunrtav. . ....¦.¦.:.¦.... "OTHELLO-
NEXT WEEK.
Mfmflay ar.d Friday "THE RIVAL?"
Tuesday "OTHELLO"
SPECIAL MATJXEE WEDNESDAY.
ami Thursday and Saturday Nl?hts
"THE WINTERS TALE."
Wednesday Nirht and Saturday Matinee.
"THE 'SCHOOL, FOR SCANDAL."
Sunday '"MACBETH"!
KtraTi- now f-lllr.p.
THEY | COMING
ARE ! THICK.
-PACKED TO THE POORS LAST NIOHT--
NOW EVERYBODY WANTS TO BEE
"8N PARADISE"
r.OTIIING CUT LACGHTER AND YELLS.
The very Cuaatert French Comedy ever r.ritten.
Stati cv rale to-day for cnoth«-r nxcruclatir.gly
Fuwiy Comedy,
••THE CUCKOO."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN C 22.
"BEOOKE. PULL CARE."
THIS VHHY NIGHT,
Ftrauss' Delightful Comic Opera.
THE QUEEN'S LACE
HANDKERCHIEF!
Thf» Prett'.eft,! Wittiest. JollU'ct.. Funniest and
Moet Enjoyable L"rsterta!nn-:cnt in the City.
Next U/eok-aOCCfICCIO.
CSITAL POPULAR PRICKS.
GQOI> EUESEJIVED SEAT IN ORCHESTRA,
BATLUUAY MATINEE. Zic
BRANCH TICK7;T OFFICE— EMPORIUM.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TA WirHT AND ENTIRE
! avid Uclceco and Henry C &t MUle'a Beau-
tiful Character Play.
LORD CHUMLEY !
v hlch M2<> go EYossunccd a £ucc»«i at the
Lyceum Theatfr. New York.
? f.iCKS I 5«. 23c. '.'.T,c, 3Oc
HATLNEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
f>r,U hy Phor.g M.iln 2H4.
•»-» ?????»»»? ?- ¦»-¦?-»?-»-»-»'? ? ?•¦?-? »
-*?¦ ? :
t PaSace and I
i Grand Hotels :
:For nearly a quarter of a e?nlury tn» * |
:<sd.r;r hotels on the I'acirlc Coa»l. T
a ? With added improvements »nd con- ?
returnees thry continue to be '.he bemj- ?
<jja.rtet« Icr tourista and travtitra vU- ?
Mrs £*" Francisco. ?
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. ?
+ Manager. ,
?¦»-?•¦••¦»-¦»-?-»? >?*»?»»?¦ I
AIdUSE-lENTS,
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULiAR FLAY HOUSE.)
PtiOTiE. SOUTH 770.
TO-NIGHT.
SATURDAY NIGHT LAST PERFORMANCE.
THi: EVER POPULAR
AX GAY===
CONEY =
ISLAND.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening. 15c. Isc. Sic. iOc and 7r-c.7 r -c. Matinee. 15c.
25c. 2oc and 50c
Sf-xl Eunday Afternoon a New and Original
Farce Comedy.
HIS BETTER HALF.
BEST SHOW IN TEARS.
PAPINTA, the Mirror Dancer.
JAMES 0. BARROWS,
Ar«iMrd by JOHX A. LANCASTER & CO.,
In "TACTICS." "Best Legitimate Com-
edy Kver on -th* Orpheum Htage."
EDNA HASPETT MARSHALL & CO. In "Sun-
shine and Sorrow." a Musical Novelty.
JOSEPH NEWMAN; the Sinking Song; Writer.
and a Host of Other*. All Big Hit?.
Reserved Soatx. V>c: Halcony, 10c; Opera
Chnirx and Ilnx Seats. 50c.
MatinePß— Wednenday. Saturday and Sunday.
TiVOLllPEploijSL
"HOOT MOS. irS NO FAIRY TALE!"
THE GREATEST KFN'IVTION IN YEARS 1 .:
THE ENORMOUS COMIC omrtA TRIUMPH.
THE IDOL'S EYE.
IZVERY EVENING. EVHRY EVENING.
MATINEE SATURDAY!
rOPULAK PRICES X and 50 centa
TJXKPHONE BUSH ».
SHERMAN, CLAY>~CO. HALL.
THIS EVENING,
Second Recital of the Illustrious Soprano,
Mile. Antoinette TREBtLLI.
AN ENTIRELY NHAV PROGRAMME.
"II Est Uoux, II E«t Bon" (Hercxllade) (Man-
Bftnt-t). reel! and ariri; "Thau Only, Pear One"
(Dvorak): "My Sons Shnll Be Thine" (Grelg);
"SolvelK"* L<*-tl" <Grelß>; "Paro Nome" (Klgo-
letto) iVerrti): "I Attempt From Love's Hick-
ness ta Fly" (H. Purcell. 17th century); "Chas-
cong de Nos Plaislr*" (J. I*. Rnmeau. 1751»;
"yual Fartallotta Amante" (I). Scarlatti. 16*3-
J?;T>: "Toranttlle" (G. Ulxtt); "Bicndlni Bella
<Gouncd); "Ho Me**o Nuove Corde" (Gounod>;
"C v .(inson <J<» iv Promina" <!.. Olaplsxon).
Accompanist. MR. ROP.ICKT CLARENCE
NEW ELL.
Flnnl Recital Saturday Artornooti Next. Prlcci
fl DO and fl 00. Seats on salo at Sherman &
Clay's Music .Store.
CHUTES_AND "ZOO."
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. .
THE GREAT -
Sharkey- Jeffries Fight
PICTURES,
In Conjunction With a
CHEAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT, AMATEUR NIGHT!
CONSTANTINOPLE MINSTRELS,
An Oriental Revelation.
rijoiie for 5eat5.... .................. ....PARK. 23,
the meeting of the Board iof Public
Works from Ellßha Brooks, principal of
the Girls' High School, in which he Biated
that the engine In the building is out of
order. Mr. Brooks asked for authoriza
tion to dismiss the pupils until the neces
sary repairs for proper heating had been
made. John Bartnett. Superintendent of
Public Buildings, was directed to inquire
into the matter.
A resolution introduced by Commis
sioner- Mahoney was adopted providing
that no officer, clerk or employe of the
board shall recommend any- person for
positions in the gift of the board.
A. notice was ordered sent to the su
perintendents of street railroads notify
ing them that the field assistants of the
Bureau of Streets have been instructed to
inform them of needed repairs on those
portions of streets required to be main
tained by the roads.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
STUDY OF SHAKESPEARE'S "RICHARD III."
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
F»OF»ULAR STUDIES lIV SH AKESF»E/\R.E .
Contributors to th.a course: t>r. Edward Dowden, Dr. 'William J. Holfe Dr Hamilton
W. Mable. Dr. Albert S. Cook, Dr. Hiram Corscn. Dr. Isaac N. Demmonl Dr. Vida D.
Scudder a.id others.
XI. RICHARD 111.
Note— The first installment of Dr. Par
rott's paper was published on Monday
last.
The Fall of Richard.
Richard's fal! H not brought about by
external agencies. Like his rise to power,
it Is due to his own inner self. So long
as the goal lay before his eyes he was
master of himself and all his faculties.
The crown once attained, his passion is
sated and a decay of his powers set? in
that hurries him to his doom. His head
long energy of mind gives way. he loses
his self-command and power of dissimu
lation; he Is no longer the deceiver, but
the deceived. And this inner change
takes place at the very moment that he
has reached the goal and steps beyond
it to tho perpetration of his blackest
crime — the murder of his innocent
nephews. When he discloses his purpose
to Buckingham and that hitherto willing
accomplice of his villainy falters, Rich
ard cannot conceal his anger. He at once
Insults his strongest supporter and lets
him ge untouched to head a rebellion.
This Is not the Richard who at the first
sign of opposition swept Hastings to the
block. Later en, although he suspects
Stanley of being secretly in league with
Richmond, and openly charges him with
treachery, he actually sends the suspect
to levy forces to repel the invasion— the
very forces that at Bosworth turned the
tide of victory for Richmond.
The fourth scene of the fourth act
seems especially designed to show the de
cay of Richards powers. Externally It is
an almost perfect parallel to the wooing
of Anne. Jlut a careful comparison of
the two scenes convinces us that we. have
here not a repetition, hut a contrast. In
the first we can soe Anne yioldinj; step
by step; In the second Elizabeth is un
moved to the very end and meets all
Richard's pleas with the simple answer.
"You slew my children." Only when he
stoops to a scarcely veiled threat against
the life of the Princess does she give way.
But in the very next scene we find he*
pledging her daughter's hand to Richard's
juxirs rmrTrs booth as rh-hard in
rival. And even if the poet had not given I
us this plain hint— which, by the way,
Colley Cibber turned into a stage aside
at the end of the wooing seene — it is quiU: j
incredible that at this staKv of the drama j
Shakespeare would have presented to us
in a weaker form a repetition of the woo
ing of Anne. It is the peripetia of the
play. Richard is marching to his doom,
his old powers of mastery and insight
into the mind are lost, and Elizabeth's |
feigned yielding deceives him as he had r
once deceived co many others. '
Richard Is a born soldier; in the so!iln
quy that opens the play we seem to hear
the very god of war breathing forth con
tempt for the weak piping time of peace.
But on the eve of his last battle Rich
ard's soul is overshadowed by gloomy
forebodings.
I have not that alacrity cf spirit.
Nor che«r nf mind, that I was wont to have.
His last sleep on earth is broken by
visions of his murdered victims. W« may
pass over the apparition of the ghosts, a
scene bo crude and archaic that here. If
anywhere, we might suspect the presence
of a less skillful hand than ShakPa
peare's.^But in the soliloquy that follow*,
the poePdisplays his full power. Here we
see most clearly the utter ruin of tho old
self-mastery of Richard. He starts from
a dream of death "in the lost battle, i
borne down by the flying," and turns sav
agely upon himself:
0 coward conscience, how thou didst affright
me."
In the period of his success it was Rich
ard's mastery of his conscience that hal {
made him so irresistible, but now he i:- a [
houfe divided r.painst himself, and while
there is no word of penitence there Is a
fearful recognition of his lonely state.
1 shall despair. There is no creature loves me;
And if I liie, no soul shall pity me.
Even In himself he finds no pity, and tho
ghostly voices of his .victims ringing in
his ears from the realm of sleep foretell
his doom. Yet Richard is not doomed be
cause »he has such dreams; rather he
dreams thus because he Is already |
doomed.
Only when the trumpets blow the onser
does the old heroic spirit of him who was !
once the champion of the house of York [
awake. His self-confidence returns and
he charges with the cry of victory upoa
his Hps. In the battle he enacts more i
wonders than a man. and when he is over
powered by numbers he falls with the I
battered emblem of royalty about his
temples. Even in death he holds the
crown: [
A Dream of Historic Nemesis.
"Richard III." as we have shown. !«
the drama of a single character dominat
ed by a single, master passion. But it is
something more than this. It is the
drama of Nemesis in history. Evil us
Richard is. he is the instrument of divine
wrath the scourge of God upon a su'lty
generation. With but one exception, Rich
ard's ¦ victims are guilty souls, and evr n
the princes pay the penalty of their fath
er's sin Queen Margaret, whose appear- ;
ance at the courts of Edward and Rich- I
ard is of course utterly unhistorical, is !
the embodiment and mouthpiece of this I
spirit of Nemesis. She appears in but two
S c ene s— in the first to invoke a curse upon
the guilty house of York and its sup-
Dorters- in the second to triumph in tUe
complete fulfillment of her nrayer for
vengeance. Her words to the Duchess of j
York sum up the historic moral of the i
play:
Bear with me; I am hungry tor revenge.
And now I cloy me r.-ith beholJlnff it.
Never had England fallen so low as
during the Wars of the Roses. Simple j
bloodshed and deceit were the slightest
of men's crimes. A shock was needed
to clean the air, and Richard, the incar
nation of the sins of his age. came like a
thunder-storm upon an atmosphere over
charged with guilt. But when his violence I
was passed the Judgment of God was ac- j
complished and a better day dawned for I
England.- In the marriage of Richard and j
Elizabeth the houses of York and Lan- J
caster were united, and during the reign i
of -their descendants England rose from |
the anarchy of civil war to the pitch of
pride she held in Shakespeare's day. And
we may well believe that the poet pouted
out his own heart in the fervent prayer
of Richmond, with which the play close*.
that GoJ would abate the edge of traitors
and enrich the time to come with smooth
faced peace.
The Text of -Richard III."
Into the vexed question of the text of
"Richard III" this is not the place to
enter, but so much may be stated, th*
play was first printed as a quarto In 1597.
and reappeared in this form five tlmea
before the -publication of the first folio.
All the quartos are based, with a few
slight changes, upon the first, which pre
sents a text much superior to that of the
usual . pirated editions of Shakespeare's
plays. But. on the other hand, the text
of this drama in the first folio varies so
widely from that of the quartos as to sug
gest that it was based upon a wholly dif
ferent manuscript. The question which of
these represents the authentic work of
Shakespeare has received varying an
s>w*rs. The Cambridge editors see the
hand -of an unknown reviser In both, but.
on the whole, prefer the quarto text. On
the other hand, the acute Shakespeare
scholar, SpeilrlinEr. came, after a most
careful examination of the problem, to
the conclusion that the folio text repre->
sented the result of Shakespeare's own
latest revision. Students wishing to pur
sue this matter further are referred to
Spedding's paper in the "Transactions of
the N?w Sh-ikfspeare Society" (1375-78). to
Pickergiirs reply to Spedding in the same
volume, to the Introduction to the p!ay In
tho Cambridge edition, and to Fleay's
"Life and Work of Shakespeare." The
introductions to the reprints of the quar
tos published by the New Shakespeaxs
Society .may alao be consulted.
Princeton T'nlversli
Dr. Drandcs' Estimate of "Richard
The Richard of the tragedy 13 deforrn
=d; he is undersized and crooked, has a
nump on nia DaCK
and a withered arm.
He is not. like so
many other hunch
backs, under any il
lusion as to his ap
pearance. He doe*
not think himself
handsome, nor ia he
loved by the daugh
ters of Eve, irf
whom deformity is
so apt to awaken
that instinct of pity
•which is akin to
love. No, Richard
feels himself mal
treated by nature;
from his birth up
ward he has suf
fered wrong at her
hands, and in apite
of his high and
strenuous spirit he
has grown up an
outcast. He has
from the first had to
do without hla
mother's love and to
listen to the gibes ot
his enemies. Men
have pointed at his
shadow and laughed.
Tiie dogs have bark
ed at him as ha
halted by. But in
this luckless frame
dwells an ambitious
soul. Other people's
paths to happiness
and enjoyment are
closed to him. But
he will rule; for that
he was born. Power
is everything to him
—his fixed idea.
Power alone can
give him his revenge
upon the people
around him. whom
he hates or despises, or both. The glory
of the -diadem shall rest upon the nead
that crowns his misshapen body. He sees
its golden splendor afar off. Many lives
stand between him and his goal, but he
will shrink from no falsehood, no treach
ery, no bloodshed if only he can reach it.
Into this character Shakespeare trans
forms himself in imagination. It is the
mark of the dramatic poet to be always
able to get out of his own skin and into
another's.
Questions for Research and Re-riew.
1. Do the incidents of this play seem to
be presented for the sake of the plot, or
in order to exhibit an extraordinary char-
2. Ia Richard's character represented as
developing, or is it fixed when the play
opens? Does Richard's character, as
seen in this play, fulfill the delineation
given in the closing portion of "King
Henry VI." part 3?
3. What is the keynote of Richard's
character? What his chic' characteris
tic? Is it ambition, dissimulation, love
of wickedness for its own sake, artistic
villainy, executive ability misdirected? •
4. Has Richard any excuse, true or false,
for his crimes? Has he reason to hate
his victims? What is his supreme crime?
5. Humor is usually a sign of soul
henlth. How is it with Richard's humor?
What effect does his humor produce on
the reader?
6. Does Richard at any time show fear,
sensibility, conscience?
7. Does the wooing and winning of Lad-
Anne seem plausible or probable? Do you
find it revolting? What doe 9 Richard's
success in the wooing of Anne imply?
Granted that act I. scene 2, does help th«
play. Is act IV. scene 4. necessary?
S. What supernatural element is there
in this play? What does this element add
to the force of the play? Did Shakespeare
believe in ghosts? *"'
9. Does anything come of Queen Mar
garet's curses? Supposing this curse
scene omitted, would the subsequent
course of the play have been different?
10. Does sufficient calamity overtake the
wrongdoers of the. play? Does Richard
pay full penalty?
11. Are all of the Instrumentalities by
which Richard's downfall Is brought
about good in themselves?
12. How does womanhood appear In this
play. How does motherhood appear?
13 Consider the minor characters— the
murderers, the Princes— are they carefully
individualized?
14 Do you find any scenes of quiet and
relief from intense action?
Ohio State University.
Band of Mercy Badges.
More than 14.000 school children will be
made happy soon by the receipt of badge,
and certillcates showing that they are
members of the Bands of Mercy connected
with the San Francisco Society tor tho
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Sev
eral months ago the ladies of the organi
zation decided to form children Into bands
for the purpose of educating them to be
kind to all dumb beasts and they were
encouraged by the members of the Board
of Education to the extent that more than
14.0C0 little ones are now enrolled in tho
cause. Of course some credential was
necessary and the ladles gave an enter
tainment which netted sufficient to war
rant the purchase of 23.000 badges and
cards and these will be distribuated to
day.
Mizpah Club Officers.
The ilizpah Charity Club at a recent
meeting elected the following officers to
serve for the coming year: President.
Mrs. A. C. Rulofson: vice president. Mrs.
H. Newell; recording secretary, Mrs. R.
H. Countryman: corresponding secretary,
Mrs. E. M. Reading; treasurer, Mrs. J. J.
Spleker. All but Mrs. Reading were re
elections. The reports of the officers
showed the club to be In food financial
condition.
Commission Investigates
Messrs. McCarthy, Everett and Freud
of the Civil Service Commission, accom
panied by Chief Examiner Moran. made
the rounds of the County Clerk"s office
yesterday. The members of the commis
sion gained considerable information
from County Clerk Deane and his depu
ties, which "will- be again asked the depu
ties when they come up for examination
in the near future. As the business of th»
County Clerk is very complicated, It Is
probable that several more visits will bo
made by the commission before the ex
amination day arrives.
ROGERS DEAD IN LAW.
His Widow Given Judgment on a
.!; ;K ;v ¦; Policy on His Life.
A Jury In Judge Hunt's court yesterday
decided that Hiram Rogers, who myste
riously disappeared while on a voyage
from this city to Port Harford on the
steamer Santa Rosa, is legally dead, and
that the Manhattan Life Insurance Com
pany must pay his widow Maria T. Rog
ers, the sum of a policy held by the do
ceased,. $5000 and $108 30 interest thereon.
The Insurance company claimed that
Rogers van not dead, but in hiding, and
it resisted payment. Mrs. Rogers' proofs
established Rogers' death to the satis
faction of the Jury, however, and Judg
ment' was rendered accordingly.
WANTS SCOTT APPOINTED.
Friends of Tax Collector Petition the
Mayor to That End.
A petition has been prepared for presen
tation to Mayor Phelan by the friends of
Tax Collector Scott requesting that he be
appointed to the office to which he was
elected in the event of the Supreme Court
upholding the decision of Judge Seawell
declaring that Scotf3 election was iflesil
because he was not qualified under the
charter by a five years' residence in the
city. Several thousand names have pi
ready been secured to the petition, which
reads as followB:
Hon. James IX Phelan. Mayor of San
Francisco— Sir: Whereas, the voters of
this city, by a preponderating majority,
did at the last election express their con
fidence in, and preference for. Joseph H.
Scott for the ofilee of Tax Collector,' and
whereas the election of said Scott to said
office has been net aside in the Superior
Court on account of a purely -technical
inrllßlblUty, and whereas" further, neither
Mr. Scott's ability. Integrity or competency
has at all been called into question, and
the Inellßiblllty complained of now exists
no longer; -"',' : r .'.'
Therefore we, the undersigned," electors
and taxpayers of San Francisco, respect
fully petition and unce you to appoint said
Scott to the office of Tax Collector, in com
pliance • with the expressed wishes of tho
majority of our fellow citizens, to the end
that no further doubt may exist as to the
legality ' of hln tenure of office, and that
all litigation concerning the same may be
brought to an immediate termination.
PERSONATED AN OFFICER.
George Neustadt, a Dishonorably Dis
charged Marine, Arrested for
. Intimidating Women.
George Neustadt, a dishonorably dis
charged marine, appeared in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday on the charge of
personating an officer. He asked for a
continuance till to-day and it was
granted.
Neustadt has been wearing a bogus star
and representing himself as "detective
No. 2" to women, with the object, it is
supposed, of extorting money from them.
Tuesday he called upon Addle Reitz in the
Carlton House and told her that her
brother was going to send her a box of
poisoned candy. Ho took the girl to the
Larkin street corridor of the City Hall
and kept her there for two or three hours.
He returned to the Carlton House that
night and was chased by a male friend
of the girl along Turk street, where he
was captured by Policeman W. Coleman.
About ten days ago Acting Chief Blggy
received a letter from Colonel Maus of
the Marine Corps at Mare Island stating
that Neustadt was representing himself
as a naval officer and that he was "a
scoundrel and unmitigated liar." He
was arrested in Oakland about a year
ago -for defrauding people. He deserted
twice and served two sentences of six
months each and was dishonorably dis
charged last month.
COURT NOTES.
Warren Main, who killed "William Ken
nedy in a saloon at 232 Third street on
September 21 last, was placed on trial be
fore Judge Cook yesterday on a charge
of murder. Main pleuds self-defense.
Eight Jurors were secured to try the de
fendant and the box will be filled to-day
and the taking of testimony proceeded
with.
The Congregation Shaarl Zedek has ap
plied to the Superior Court for leave to
mortgage the church at Stockton and
California streets. In the petition it is
stated that the French Bank holds a noto
agalnstt the edifice for $«000 and funds are
desired with which to liquidate this obli
gation.
The application of Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven for a family allowance from the
estate of the late James G. Fair was con
tinued by Judge Troutt yesterday. A dep
osition made by Mrs. Craven in 1896, which
counsel wish to use in the presentation of
petitioner's case, is missing and although
copies are in existence which can be used
if necessary, another search will be made
for toe original before the hearing is pro
ceeded with.
Public Works Orders.
A communication was read yesterday at
I Established 1862. 1
4* CD
t * y
I 911 and 913 Market Street, |
The Family Store. I
0 -—-—-—-———————-———-_ _________ jg
il Fop This Week! j
":, 24- INCH TAFFETA SILK in ail colors, 50 cents per yard. 8
;-¦ All remnants of dress jroods have been placed on table front of en- §
* trance and will be closed out at 25 per ecru off marked price. «
£ 25 pieces 3&-inch All-Wool Camel's Hair Homespun, Rood value for 6s <#
<* cents, for this week 50 cents per |ard. Q
$ 8
I LACE CURTAIN DEPARTMENT. . 1
££ In the Lace Curtain Department we have just opened three cases 8
S WHITE and ECRU NOTTINGHAM CURTAIN'S, in the latest de- g
;% 3 yards long. 40 indies wide, at 75c Si 00 and $1.25 a pair. <r>
n 3 yards long, 46 inches v.ide. :it Si. 00. Si.. '5 and $1.50 a pair. Q
01 21/22 l /2 yards long;. 50 inches wide. ;:t $1.50. Si. 75, S- 00 and S.VOO a pair. O
O> 3 l i yards long. 60 inches .vide, at $1.50.1 .50. $1.75. $2.00. $2.50 and S.voo a pair 8
<?' 100 pairs SWISS MUSLIN CURTAINS, ruffled border, .1 yards lona\ .tf §
X inches wide, (x> cents a pair. o
;p. A sample lot sincie pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains, slightly soiled. §
O will be sold at or.e-third of! regular prices. Q
£ We have just received another lot of BABY BLANKETS at $0 cents a S
A pair. <$
3 WHITE AND COLORED CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS, g
from $3 00 a pair up.
I FANCY DEPARTMENT. 1
fj> ALL-SILK RUCHINGS. in all shades, former price 25c and 35c a yard. §
now I 2: 2 cents. p
.5 BLACK CHIFFON DRESS TRIMMINGS, braid center. 12V2 cents S
*5 yard. 5
0 ALL-SILK AND LACE TABOTS. former price $1.25 and $1.50. to be S
closed out at 50 cents each. w
I GENTS' FURNISHING DEPARTMENT. 1
8 50 do/en MEN'S HEAVY-WEIGHT SANITARY UNDYED WOOL ft
Z SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, made with Hat elastic seams through- S
%> out, a good dollar value, sale price 75 cents per garment. 8
I' O
g _^^ §
I 911 and 913 Market Street. '; 1
| PHONE SOUTH 2SO. |
SUPERINTENDENT FILES
CLASSIFICATION REPORT
MAKES RECOMMENDATIONS TO
THE SCHOOL BOABD.
Pressure in Osrtain Districts Should
Be Believed — Petition for Be
znoval of Sunnysida School
Considered.
At the regular meeting of the Board
of Kducatlon yesterday Superintendent
Webster presented his final report on
classification,' in which he also made cer
tain recommendations. He. stated that
there was a class of more than forty re»
cejving pupils in charge of a substitute
at the Starr King Primary School. The
last board had not authorized the per
manent establishment of the class until
it could be ascertained whether the pu
pils should not be assigned to the Whit
tier Primary. This Introduces the mat
ter of district lines of the Lincoln, Jef
ferson. Longfellow, Whittler, Starr King
and Stanford schools. The report con
cludes:
A consolidation of classes could be effected
at the Lincoln School so that Miss Hill
could be transferred to some other school
at her own request. Additional accommo
dations are needed In the Golden. Gate Pri
mary, where there are over seventy pupils
in the fourth grade. The district lines for
the Richmond School should be considered.
There are twenty-seven pupils awaiting ad
mission In the class which now numbers
eighty-one. The Park I'rlmary should be
utilized to relieve the pressure at the Rich
mond.
The ilfth grade of the Le Conte School
Is without a regular teacher. Miss M. H.
Slavan was transferred from the Cleveland
Primary to the Hawthorne Primary and
secured a leave of absence until she can
be assigned to a second grade. Miss Amelia
Ka'.lsher. whose leave of absence had ex
pired. Is entitled to reinstatement in the
evening schools.
A petition was received from the Sunny
side DlPtrict Progressive Improvement
Club and referred to the Hoard of Public
Works, for the removal of the Sunnyside
School to Flood and Circular avenues.
Gustave Schnoe said that the children are
menaced by fire In the present school and
that the seating accommodations are in
sufficient.
The application of Mr?. Irene M. Reeves
for reinstatement as teacher in the High
School, from which she wn.« removed
April 28. 1599. was placed on file. Chair
man Mark stated that Mrs. Keovea riatl
wal\"ed her rights and was not now In the
department. ¦ . ; '
Madison Babcock filed an application for
appointment to the prlnclpalship of th*
Edison School, made vacant by the death
of Mlsb Chalmers.
ResoUitlons were adopted thanking
Mayor Phelan for his donation of $1000 for
a library in the Girls' High School; also
abolishing the title of principal in the fol
lowing one-room schools: Hunters Point,
J. W. Taylor, Ocean House and Cliff
House. ' Also electing J. J. Gallagher as
a regular teacher In the Mission High
School from January 1, 1900, and request
ing the Mayor to extend an Invitation to
County Superintendents of Schools to at
tend the next biennal convention in this
city.
The transfers of Miss J. G. Maher from
the Franklin to the James Lick Gram
mar and Miss Annette D. Mlley from« the
Jamrs Lick to the Franklin were re
voked. Mr?. Elizabeth Butler, principal
of the Jackson School, was instructed to
take charge of the fourth and lifth grades
and Mrs. M. A. Hogan the second grade
in that school.
Court Reporters' Demands.
The City Attorney has advised Treas
urer Brooks to continue in his course of
rejecting demands of court stenographers,
which have not bepn approved by
the Auditor and which do not otherwise
conform to the provisions of the charter.
The City Attorney in his opinion says:
"The charter has made provision for a
salary of $200 per month to be paid to each
of such stenographers engaged in criminal
departments of the Superior Courts of this
city and county. This salary is by express
language declared to be in full compensa
tion for services as a stenographic report
er and for transcription."
MORE GOOD
POSITIONS
DISTRIBUTED
Board of Health Will
Swing Its Ax.
AFTER MEAT INSPECTORS
MXLK FOB THE PUBLIC INSTI
TUTIONS MUST BE TESTED.
?
The Board of Health met last night and
proceeded to fill a number of positions in
the Almshouse and City and County Hos
pital, besides several other places under
its Immediate control. No action was tak
en regarding the Chief Market Inspector
and his assistants, but a special meeting
will be called in the very near future to
swing the ax in that department. The
following is the list of the appointments
made last night, together with the month
ly salaries accompanying them:
Two food Inspectors, at a salary of $73 per
month, George Dunster and J. Williamson.
Steward of Insane Detention Hospital, at $60,
Clerk of Emergency Hospital, at ffO, F. Hol
land.
Taxicologist at $50, C. F. Morean.
Laundryman at City and County Hospital,
at $00, C. H. Lane.
Shoemaker at Almshouse at $50, Martin Her
ter- tailor at $40, T. Mulroy; second teamster
at $40. Frank Farcada; baker at $60, »• Crow-
NlKht watchman No. 1 building, Almshouse,
ot $50. C. C. Callln.
Day nolice at Almshouse at $50. A. D. Tur
ner; night police at $50, John Cadametre.
Nurse No. 1 building, Aimshouse at *10, Mrs.
Beall; second nurse at $30. Miss M. Campion.
Night nurse for women at Almshouse, at $30,
Mrs. B. C. Armstrong. •
Chief cook No. 1 building, Almshouse at $60,
F. Lafforgue; second cook at $40. Marcus Man
uler; third cook at $35, M. Marion.
Stewardess, Almshouse. at $30, Louise Bur
felnd.
Nurse, No. 4 building, Almshouse. at $40,
Miss I. Nlckson; night nurse at $30, Miss Mar
guerite Kerr.
Cook. No. 4 building, at $30 a month. Miss
Annie Burfelnd.
Cook, No. 2 building, at $60, V. Sauret.
Nurse, No. 3 building, at $50, Thomas Kelly;
cook at $40, E. J. King.
Pay watchman. No. 3 building. $50. D. J. Raa-
tible.
Nlßht watchman. No. 2 building, *50, Robert
Doepfener.
First engineer. Almshouse,. ?$5, Herbert H.
Smith; assistant engineer, 165, F. Reese.
Apothecary's helper. City and County Hospi
tal, $10 a month. G. W. Noble: assistant apoth
ecary's helper at $10. W. F. Rummell.
Assistant matron. City and County Hospital,
110 a month, Mrs. M. J. Osterhouse; chief s?ur-
Kical drearer at $75. Jamea O'Connor; assistant
surgical dresser, $50, J. M. Campbell; two
assistant surgical dressers at $40. E. Flover. It.
Sherlock: assistant to dresser at $10, K. Wll
tirw; night superintendent female nurses, $30.
Miss L. Strand; ambulance driver, HO, J. F.
Johnson; messenger, $50, W. J. Tyson;
day gatekeeper, $40, J. W\ Collins;
night gatekeeper. $40, M. C. Meehan;
relief gatekeeper. $12, E. J. Foy;
night watchman. $."»O. David Saeger: assistant
machinist. ?30. F. IJoyle; machinists' helper,
$3, T. Honabers: first waiter, $*0. A. Roper;
second waiter. 530, t. Meyer; assistant waiter,
$15, W. Carlett; third waiter. $25, C. E. John
son; assistant. $15. Richard Tobln; first cook,
$75, L. Loo; second cook, $45. W. Leahy; third
cook. $35, R. Hecker; fourth cook and butcher,
$33. T. C'.lll; baker. $65. P. Oallaßher; bakers
assistant. $7 50, F. Rarnes; laundryman. $40. C.
H. Hocart; second, laundryman, $30, T. &lc-
Manus; third laundryman. $30, M. Hamlett;
fourth and fifth laundrymen, $10 each, Charles
Brown, J. SarsAeld; chambermaid, $25, Sophie
Knnsh; head ward tender. $30. B. E. van
Straeton: assistant ward tender. $15. M. S.
Ryan; ten assistant ward tenders at $5 per
month, and ten additional ward helpers at $5,
to be appointed by superintendent of the City
and County Hospital; first kitchen helper, $2i),
P. O'Malley; porter. $12 50, James Barnes:
hostler. $15. Frank Walsh; helper. general
operating room. $7 50. F. Doherty; nurse's as
sistant. $10. R. C. Parrott; mattress maker, $10,
M. Sullivan; assistant. $5, L. Kavanaugh; sec
ond kitchen helper, $15. P, Teyssler; four din
ing-room helpers, $7 50 each. F. Taylor, P.
O'Connor, W. Tuselman. F. Clark; male
raorcue tender. $10, H. M. Flnsrley; female
morgue tender. $10, Miss Maud Hill; cleaner,
tlO> A. Klncker; coal passer, $15, Charles
Genth; relief orderly, $10, J. F. Dunn; orderly
to medical wards. $10, J. Santry: night orderly,
$10. P. Fay; twenty-elcht pupil nurses, $10
each. Incumbents.
Resolutions introduced by Dr. Bazet
were adopted and provide that on and
after May 1 no milk will be received at
any of the public institutions under con
trol of the Board of Health unless it ia
the product of cattle which have been
subjected to the tuberculin test and have
thus been shown to be free from tuber
culosis. A copy of the resolutions will be
forwarded to the Board of Supervisors,
with the request that this specification
in reference to the tuberculin teat be em
bodied in all contracts for milk let by that
board.
The resignation of Mrs. Hannah Mc-
Connell, matron of the Harbor Emergency
Hospltal. was accepted and Miss Lucia
Brown was appointed to the vacancy.
The salary of the farmer at the Alms
house was increased from $75 to $100 a
month, and that of teamster from $40 to
$60 a month, i
POLITICS AND PATRONAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
PHELAN WANTS TO
NAME ALL THE
EXTRA DEPUTIES
Organization Must Be
Cared For.
?
POLITICAL DEBTS UNPAID
' .
POLICE JUDGES AND COUNTY
CLERK HOLD OUT.
The Auditor, the Recorder, the Treas
urer, the County Clerk ¦ and the Police
Judges will not be allowed to appoint the
extra clerks they need unleES his Honor
Mayor Phelan has the naming of them.
The Mayor needs that handy bunch cf
extra positions to make good his prom
ises of four places each to the eighteen
Assembly districts of the city, and he
proposes to have them, or there will be
no appointments.
In other words. Mayor Phelan Is ar
rogating to himself a power which the
charter does not give him. That instru
ment provides that, when additional
clerks are required in any department,
the head of that department shall sc no
tify the Mayor, who shall investigate the
case and report to the Supervisors, who,
if they pee fit. shall authorize the ap
pointments prayed for. which leaves the
appointing power solely in the hands of
the .head of the needy office.
Mayor Pholan announced to the Super
visors on Monday last that the depart
ments mentioned had called upon him for
extra help, but that he had not- had. time
to look into the matter. His Honor did
not pay, however, that he had been In
formed of the need of *¦ xtni clerical force
fully two weeks beforehand and had been
put in possession of facts ¦ and figures
proving the necessity. Neither did he
vouchsafe the Information that, to thr.se
who came to him to discuss the matter,
he gave scant courtesy unless they came
bearing gifts of all, or a major portion, of
the patronage they asked for.
Every depart ment official who has dis
cussed the proposition with the Mayor
has been Riven to understand that the
"organization" should have a hand..An4
a Ftronß one— in the naming or th 6 clerks
to be so employed, if the Mayor should
pee fit to recommend them to the Su
pervisors. Vpon that point the Police
Judges and County Clerk Deane stood
out. They were willing to accord the "or
ganization" something handeome if it
should be demanded, but they wanted the
selection of most of their own deputies.
They needed clerks of Ability and did not
car? to trust the so-called "organization"
to make the selections. The case is the
same at the present time as it was on
Monday, when his Honor had not had
time to consider." Deane and the Pojlce
Judpes. and. It 1? said. Auditor Wells, are
holding 1 out for their own appointments,
and there is likelihood that'there will not
be any clerks hired until they see the
error of their way and hand out the par
col the "organization" demands.
in."
7CHICAGO. Jan. 24. -With Liverpool %d up
nnd a local rumor crediting Paris with an ad
vance of 60 centimes the local market opened
strong. May UiflHc over yesterday's close, at
C7V4S67 s 4c St. Louis was a buyer and shorn
covered, under the Influence of which May ad
vanced sharply to 674 c. The onicial Board
of Trade cable from Paris received later put
the French market 4c higher to V4c lower.
With this support withdrawn and Liverpool
easing oft from early figures the local market
declined. May selling down to 66->i(g66%c. At
this Juncture traders bought, playing for a
rally, and there was pome covering by shorts
on the strength of a predicted cold wave catch-
Ing the crop without snow protection. May
reacted to 67 l 4<ji67*4c. On profit-taking the
price was depressed to 66T»<367c. where tho
market hovered until the report came that the
bubonic plague had broken out In Rosarlo.
Argentina. Under this stimulus a demand from
tthorts sent the price of May to C74®67\ic. but
this gain, too, iva.s lost and the close was easy.
May a shade under yesterday at 66%<<j67c. Up
to 11 o'clock trade was active, but later, till
the plague report stirred up some animation
a little before the close, trade was rather quiet.
Corn was dull and easy. May closed easy,
a shade under yesterday at fl34ig33\Jc.
The oats market weakened In sympathy with
the easloess of corn, closing- weak for May.
4@',ic under yesterday at 23>-ie23%c.
Provisions were weak, affected by the dull
ness of trade, which consisted principally of
scattered commission house selling and a weak
hog market. May pork closed 174@20c under
yesterday. May lard 74(2100 depressed and
May ribs 100 lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
.Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. »..
January 64H 644 64% 64%
May 674 6"4 66% 67
July 68% 6SH 67% 67%
Corn No. 2—2 —
January 31 SI 30T4 30%
May 83' i 33% 33 334
July 83% " 5374 83H 33%
Oats No. 2—
January 22% 22%
May 234 23K K% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 10 524
May 10 824 10 824 10 624 10 65
July 10 SO 10 80 10 70 10 70
Lard, per 100 Ibe —
January .... .... 5 774
May 600 « 024 59 24 E9 24
July 6 074 6 074 600 600
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January .... .... C6O
May 575 E7B 6 674 5 «T>4
July 5 75
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 Spring Wheat. 62c; No. 2 Red.
C7%c; No. 2 Corn. 314 c; No. 2 Oats. 23c; No. 2
White, 25Hc; No. 3 White. 24%©264 c; No. 2
Rye. L34c; No. 2 Barley. 3S<S4Oc: No. 1 Flax
seed. $1 GO; Prime Timothy Seed. $2 C 5; Mess
Pork, rtr bbl, $9 76010 55; Lard, per 100 lbs,
$5 70ff5 824; Short-rib sides (loose), $5 45©5 57;
Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed). 54©3?4c: Short
Clear Sldeft (boxed), $5 824@5 924: Whisky,
distlllerr' finished goods, per gal, $1 234.
Articles. — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 63.000 37,000
Wheat, bushels 79.000 61.000
Corn, bushels 289.000 ' 144,000
Oats, bushels J52.000 222.000
Rye. bushels 4.000 3.000
Barley, bushels 130.000 42,000
Time Ball
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
January 24, 1300.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock d. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In coarse.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, ISOO
Stocking Superstitions.
On the Welsh border It used to be con
sidered that the surest precaution against
witchcraft was to wear the left stocking
wrong-side out. This leada us to another
kind of. superstition connected with the
harmless, necessary hose— their value,
when properly worn or arranged, as
charms or as protections against sickness
or pain. If you will only take the trouble
when you go to bed to cross your stock
ings and shoes, you will be quite safe
from the grip of cramp. Again, If you
hang your stockings crosswise at the root
of the bed, with a pin stuck In them, you
need have no fear of nightmare: the hag
has a holy horror of cross and pin. Wise
acres have also been heard to declare that
if you will always put your left stocking
and shoe on first you will enjoy Immunity
from toothache. This, however, the most
superstitious of mortals will likely take
leave to doubt. Toothache, that "hell of
a' diseases," as Burns calls It. is no re
specter of persons, nor, assuredly, of
stockings or legs.— Notes and Queries.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — «| ci
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S 4'<,
Sterling Cables _ 4 S8
New York Exchange, sight... 15
New York Kxchange, telegraphic — .1714
Fine Sliver, per ounce — ro^
Mexican Dollars _ 4JJ
Wheat and Other Grains.
..WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were both
higher and this market also advanced slightly.
Chicago showed little change. The opening
exhibited a reactionary tendency owing to the
elimination of the short Interest and the weak
ness in the coarse grains. Subsequently the
feeling became firmer, a Paris private cable
reporting the damage In the north of France
at 20 per cent. Local dealers fought the ad
vance in tho face of war rumors, and the mar
ket remalnr-d about the same.
$lS0^«Vll S 0^«Vl S« C ? l 'r B - ! . P ?l i °f l 9?1 ' ic @* l: nulling.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— May— lo.ooo
ctls. $ioui: sooo. $101%: 16.000, $1014. De
cembtr— SOW. $1 05* i; 6000. $1 Os',i ; 4000 $1 034
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls $1 01H.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls
$101; 2000, $1 00V 6000. $1 00H: IS.OOO. $1 OOf-i'
2000, $1 01 li. December— 2ooo. $1 05U; 2000
$1 054: 14.W, $1 05; 2000. $1 04%; 12.000. $1 04V
12.0C0. Jl 04%; 2000. $1044: 4000. $104%: 10.000.
$1 04'/J.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 00*; :
2000. $1 00H; 22,000. $1 00',;. December— 12,000,
$1 04»/i; 2nr.o, $1 044.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report,
except that offerings are rathor larger and the
demand Is poor.
Feed. 7Bs77Hc for No. 1 and 65<9724c for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@S74c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls, 70c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Previous prices rule, with very little
demand, even for small lots.
White. $1 lO®l 30; Red. $1 074@l 20; Gray,
$1 07>Vin 174; Black. 974eff$l 074.
CORN— The market continues very dull and
quotations have a declining tendency. Eastern
White Is. quoted nt 95c<f?$l 024 per ctl and East
ern Yellow at $I@l 05: mixed, 974c@$l.
RYE— sl@l 05 per ctl.
IiUCKW HEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usu.il terms: bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington $2 7503 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, $2 50: Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 60: Buckwheat
Flour, S4Q4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
$150; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels) $C@7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100
lbs.
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
Bran is flrm at the advance already men
tioned. Hay Is now steady, receipts being
more moderate.
BRAN— SI4(3IS per ten.
MIDDLINGS— SI7O2O per ton
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $14@17 per
ton; Oilcake Mc-al at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing
$27 £0®28; Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Corn Meal.
23®23 50; Cracked Corn. $23 fiO/fi24; Mixed Feed,
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 60@8 50 for common to good
and 591J9 SO for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7@9;
Oat. $6 50@S; Barley, $5@6 50; Alfalfa, $5@S per
ton; compressed. $7@lo per ton.
STRAW— 2S<SSOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
• Further advances in Beans are noted. The
market; is very strong and the demand con
tinues, t
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25@3 50; small White. $3 05
@3 20: large White, $2 70@2 90: Pinks. $2 40@
2 85; Reds, $3 60; Blackeye. $1 25@4 50; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $3 15@5 25; Pea. *3@3 25; Red
Kidneys, $3 5004.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3@34c; Yellow Mus
tard. 454 4c ; Flax, $190®2 20; Canary. 34c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern ;' Alfalfa, 7@
ARRIVED.
¦Wedresiiay, January 24. a
Stmr City of Peking. Smith. 26 days from*
Manila, via Nagasaki 13 days.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 13 hours from Fort
Brigs.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridgett. 33 hours from
Ventura.
Ptmr Ruth. Lundqulst. 4S hours from San
Pedro.
Br stmr Rotert Adamson. Morgan. 4 days 17
hours from Nanalmo.
Br ship Merioneth, Rowlands. 132 days from
Swansea.
Br ship Cromdale. Slbley, 118 days from Liv
erpool.
Bark Theobald. Cameron. 15 days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Schr CoQUIUe. Nelson. 14 days from CoauiUe
River.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Johannsen. 3 days
from Bowens Landlrijr.
Schr Joseph and Henry. Arff, 7 days from
Coqullle River.
Schr Sorlnthian. Korth. 43 hours from Bowens
Landln-.
Schr Albion. Goodmar.sen. 8 day* from Co
quille River.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 38 hours from
Bowena Landing.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 24.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Dleiro-
Gondall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka: Ooodall
Perkins & Co.
Stmr China. Frtete. Hongkong and Yokoha
ma, via Honolulu: P M S S Co.
Br bark Bankleigh. Evans, Queenstown; Bal
four, Outhrte & Co.
Br ship Cambu<Ocenneth. KendaJL Queena
town; Girvin & Eyre.
SAILED. t
"Wednesday, Jaa-aary U. d
Etmr Ellhn Thomson. Whitney. Port Angele*
Stmr Washtenaw. Gllboy, Comox.
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Whttesboro, Olsen. .
Stmr China. Friele. Yokohama and Honr
konjr, via Honolulu.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Albion. Wlnkel. .
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. k
Stmr Newsboy. Walvi-. UnaL
Schr Lena Sweasey. Johnson. MazatJan.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 24. 15 p m— "Weather
hazy: wind NE. velocity S miles.
SPOKEN.
Dec 24. lat 32 S. lon 43 W— Br ship IniSore.
fmrn Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Per stmr City of Peking— Jan 21. lat S6 C« JT
lon 133 24 W. Br ship Reliance, from Hamburg'
for San Francisco; wished to be reported all
well.
Per Br shli> Merioneth — Jan 1", lat 34 J?. lon
133 W. Br stmr Tartar, hence Jaa 11," for
Manila.
MISCETXANEOUS.
LONDON. Jan 24- Cr bark Inversnald from
San Francisco Nov 11, for Queenstown. arrived
at Valparaiso with cargo shifted, bulwarks
stove and deck dan aged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWN? END— Arrived Jan 24— Schr
Columbia, from Honolulu. '
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 23 — Star Alice
Blanchard. henc^ Jan 20.
Barbound Jan Z3— Stmr Axcata. for San Fran-
UMPQUA— Arrived Jan I*-Schr Louise from
San Pedro; serf Sadie, hence Jan 10
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 24— Bark B P Che
ney, from Hmolulu.
PORT LOP ANGELES-Salled Jan 24-Vor
stmr Tltania. for Nanalmo.
Ja^AP^PAR-Arrlved Jan 24-Stmr Cleone. hence
plrS'h^^ViT^ 11 Jaa 2 *" Stmr »«'
ci^i^h^GllnTfrG^H^a^r *** *-
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Aberdeen
hence Jan 23: bktn Geo C Perk-n? fr£Tl&
K. "^ce^airi?- hCBCe Jaa X: ' Chr J 5
E^^u^^nT^rr^nsend 11 "^^
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOT-VER— Cleared Jan 22— Bark Guy C
Cos*, for Philadelphia. UT C
MOODYVILLE— Sailed Jan 23— Ital bark Alt
car, for Callao.
WALLAROO— Arrived Jan 23— Bark He*r>er
from Port Gamble. nesper.
N'AOASAKI-Arrlved Jan 23— Br stmr Len
nix. from Manila, for San FYancisco
SHARPNESS— Arrived Jan 21-Fr bark Ttw
ralne. hence Sept J.
DUNG EN EPS— Passed Jan 24— Fr bark Bre
tatrne. hence Sept 2t!. for Queenstown
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan 22-Stmr Pan Juan
for CTiamoerico. Jan 3— Br ship Cleomene for
Orison
GENOA— Sailed Jan 19— Ger stmr Octavla. for
San Francisco.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 23— Br shtp Wyn'->rd.
hence Aur 10. , 'T^ ~
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Jan 23-Stmr Mar
iposa. hence Dec 2S.
LIZARD— Pasxed Jan 23— Br shiD Glenard
hence Sept 6. for. Antwerp.
n Q £^« *THAMER3.
NAGASAKI-Arrived Jan 23-Stmr Lennox.
from Manila, for Portland Or
LIVERPOOL-Salled Jan 2jlstmr Sylvan!*. if
for Boston. T~
PLYMOUTH-Salled Jan 23-Stmr Patricia,
from Hamburg, for New York
NEW YORK-Salled Jan 24— Star New York,
for feouthampton; stmr Oceanic for Liverpool;
stmr Frlesland. for Antwerp.
Shipping Intelligence.
Sc; Rape, 24@3c; Hemp. 4844 c; Timothy, 4@
44c.
DRIED PEAS— Nil es. $1 50@l 90; Green. $175
<Q2 «) PIT ctl.
Potatoes } Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes aad Onions continue dull and the
former are weak. Vegetables are about the
same, except Marrowfat Squash, which Is
scarce and higher.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85i390c; River Reds,
65@75c;' Burbanks, SOfSSc per sack; Salinas
Burbanks, $lf<n 25; Oregon Burbanks. 85c@$l 20;
Sweet Potatoes, $1 5C®l 60 for Merced; New Po
tatoes, volunteer. 2®24c.
ONIONS— SI 25-H1 75 r-er ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2JT4c per lb:
String Beans, 4@7c; Cabbage, 40t»50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $ltffl 50; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles. 124 c; Dried Okra, 124 c per lb; Gar
lic, 6(@7c; Green Peppers irom Los Angeles, 4^
5c for Chile and 10c for Bell: Dried Peppers. 8®
10c; Carrots. 30ffi40c per sack; Los Angeles Sum
mer Squash. 73c^$l 25 per box; Marrowfat
Squash, $15@20 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry and Game are about as previously
quoted. Supplies of the former are not heavy
at the moment, but the demand Is not very
keen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12®13c for Gob
tiers anil 12®13c for Hens: Pressed Turkeys.
ll@13c; Geese, per pair, $1 73i&2; Goslings, $1 73
<tfi; Ducks. S4j£s for old and UU~> for young:
Hens. $3 IDifH 50; Young Roosters. $3@3 50; Old
Roosters. $I@l 50; Fryera. $4 SOS'S: Broilers. $4
<f?4 M for large and 12@3 50 for small; Pißeons,
$1 50 per dozen for old and $2 50@3 for squabs.
Game— Quail. $1 23©1 50; Mallard. $3©5; Can
vasbask. $3Q5: Sprig, $3®3 50: Teal. $1 50® 2;
Widgeon. $2@2 25; Small Duck, $1 50® 1 73;
Doves. 75c per dozen: Hare, $1 50; Rabbits, $1 75
«?2: Gray Geese. }3 S0O4: White. $1 50; Brant.
$1 75@2 60; Honkers. $4" 50; English Snipe, $2 50
Q3 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Some dealers quote 26c for the best Creamery
Butter, while others Insist that any advance
over 25c will drive away outside orders and
result in a lower market later on. The street
Is evenly divided on the proposition. Cheese
continues dull and weak. Eggs show no partic
ular change except that store are selling up to
20c.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25c, with sales at
26c; seconds, 22V-®24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 220224 c; good to choice, 19®
20c; common, 135J174c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lie; old. 104 c;
Young America. ll@114c; Eastern. 154@16c;
Western.. 13Ufjl5c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17@20c for store and 119
22,4 c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
aze, 15® 17c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
At the Orance auction 4 cars were offered,
selling as follows: Navels. 96 to 125. $1 93®
2 35; 150 to 250. $1 40<f?l S3: choice. $125*0195:
standard, 65c*ftl 40. Lemons sold at $1 Osiffl 40.
The market for everything continues well
stocked and dull. Lemons and Apples are weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s<ii6r.c per box for common, 75c@$l
for good. $1 2o<iil 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, $437; Coos
Bay Cranberrieß. SI -per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Orange*. $1 50<{r2 25
per box; Seedlings. 50c(ft$l 25: Pomelos. $I#2 50;
Lemons, $lgl 50 for common and J2@2'so for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4 50<ff5: Cali
fornia Limes, 23<335e; Bananas. $1 75®3 per
bunch: Plneanples, $3 5034 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks. 44c for
40-30'b, 4SH,{c for 80-60's, 34c for 60-70's. 3^c
for 70-SO's. 3c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90-100's.
Apricots. H(frl3c for Royals. 1245i16c for Moor
parks and 12W14c for Blenheims: Peaches. 540
Cc for Standards. 6V*@6?ic for choice and 7@Se
for fancy: Peeled Peaches. 10i£n2'4c; Evapo
rated Apples, 6®7c: Sun-dried. o'&OHc per lb;
Nectarines. S^9c; Pears, 341?44c for dark and
7(SSc for bright halves; Black Figs. 2®24c:
White Figs. 2fiCc: Bleached Plums. R^9c; Un
bleached Plums, 737 I .ic for pitted and IVic for
unpltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c: choice, 9c; standard. Sc; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson'?, per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb, S4c; choice. 74c; standard, fi'.ic;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedles3,
f.O-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, IMc;
3-crown, 6VJc: 4-crown, 7c: London Layers.
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. S@loc: Walnuts. SW9c for
Ftandards and 9igloc for softshell; Almonds.
HVi'S^c for paper-shell. OffilOo for soft and \'<\
Pc for hardshell: Peanuts, riiiftfi^ic for X.astern
and Ec for California: Brazil Nuts. 74^^: Fll
bprts, 12g12V4c; Pecans. ll^}"13c; Cocoanuts, $4 30
©5.
HONEY— Comb, XW^SiXic for bright and lOUirj
lie for llcht amber: water white extracted. 7\c;
light amber extracted, ~K'§7\ic; dark, 541?6c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24S26c ver lb.
Provisions.
Hams have again advanced. Cottolene Is also
higher. Other descriptions remain unchanged,
but Bacon ard Lnrd are firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9*; c per lb for
heavy, 10c frr light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra light and 13'4c for surar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 13913Uc; California
Hams, nominal; Mess Beef. $12 per bbl; fxtn>
Mff«, $13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $14 50;
extra clear. $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef, lie
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6 s iW7c per lb for
compound and Sc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
ji,;c- 10-!h tins. SVc: f.-lb tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, "Va'S&'.ic per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9^c
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc tinder quotations. Heavy salted
steers, Il4iffl2e; medium, lie; light. 104 c: Cow
hides. lOttQllc; Stags. 7c: Salted Kip, lie: Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, sound. 19'S20c: culls and brands.
lfi<f?l7c: Dry Kip and Veal. 17<filSc: Dry Calf. 19
«/~20c; Sheepskins.- yearlings. 20.n'35c each; short
Wool, 35fi60c each: medium. 7flfi9Oc: long Wool.
i\<H\ 23 each: Horse Hides. $2 DO(J/3 for large and
$1 23 for small; Colts. 25®50a
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. s®T>4c per lb; No.
2, 3>v(fi4c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2V.ig'3c.
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquln plains. J>t?loc: South
ern. S'JflPe; Middle County; ll^Uc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 17*J2Oc: Eastern Oregon. 13@lt>c;
Valley Oregon. lS>?r2oc: Northern Mountain,
free. ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 10@
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7@llc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— esjijj'Tc per lb for Steers and 6<g6\c
for Cows.
VEAL— SlfflOc per lb.
MUTTON"— Wethers. BffB%c; ewes. 7%SSc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 15c; yearlings. StfOe per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%c for small. s^<gs%c for
medium and SSSV4C for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 505Kc; dressed Hogs, "Q'S'/ic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 Co. Calcutta
Grain Bags. 7@7Vic; Wool Bags, 251?30c.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southflold Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$7: Bryant. $7: Coos Bay. $5 00: Wallsend. $8;
Co-operative Wallsend. $S: Scotch. ; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 50 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $11 per
ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
Harrison's circular says:
"Since the Marlposa left there have been the
following cargoes of Colonial Coal delivered
here, viz.: Noeml 2963 tons, Schwarzenbek 3137
tons, Norfolk Island 2165 tons, Shenandoah 5129
tons. General Gordon 2401 tons, Arlstldes 2150
tons, Celtic Monarch 3394 tons. Clan Graham
5333 tons; total. 24,672 tons. These have been
the most generous arrivals we have had from
that section for some time and they came to
hand most opportunely, as the yards are abso
ly bare of fuel of all grades. Never before in
the experience of the writer has the present
situation existed; the quantity of fuel con-
Rumed and the sources of supply approximate
too closely for comfort, besides our usual re
serve In yard has been burnt up. Deliveries
are all being made from ship's slde-^none goes
Into yard. If any accident should occur at any
one of our principal coast collieries its effect
here would be serious and immediate. We
cannot expect much relief from outside sources
until coal freights decline from Great Britain
and Australia or there is a shrinkage In the
demand for Honolulu, > which cannot develop
itself before next year.
"The present list of engaged vessels from
Sydney and Newcastle only number eighteen,
of a carrying capacity of 64,000 tons; at this
time last year there were thirty-one vessels
chartered for San Francisco. The last cabled
freight rate for coal from Newcastle was 20s
per ton for early loading and 19s for several
months hence."
SUGAR— The Western. Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6%c; Pow
dered. 6%; Candy Granulated, 5*4; Dry Gran
ulated. CVtc; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%; Golden C. 4V4c; barrels,
I-160 more; half-barrels, %c more; boxes, J^c
more; W-n> bags. He more. No. orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos. half-barrels. fi"-4e: boxes. 6Hc per rt»
PIG TIN— Is firm at 29@31c per lb.
Receipts of Produce,
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 24.
Flour, qr sks 33.373, Wine, gals 94,300
Wheat, ctls 5.9:.0 Eggs, doz 8,250
Barley, ctls 5,92O t Sugar, bbls 520
Oats, ctls 450 Lime, bbla 499
Cheese, ctls 154 ; Paper ,' reams .... 2.504
Butter, ctls ...... 111! Beans, sks 900
Tallow, ctls 232 Potatoes, sks 2,073
Quicksilver, risks. 8 Onions, sks 120
Leather, rolls ... 197 Bran; sks 6»
Hides. No 656 Hay, tons ' 443
Pelts, bdls 3.842
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— FLOUR— Receipts, 22.
995 barrels: exports, 10,137 barrels. Steady but
quiet. Low grade winters have the best de
mand, belnc rather scarce.
WHEAT— Receipts, 52.C00 bushels. Spot—
easy; No. 2 red, 75V4jc f. o. b. afloat prompt: No.
1 hard I>uluth, SGi»c f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red.
72 7 >,c elevator. Options — Opened firm at \ic ad
vance, following strong Llvemool cables, but
eased off 1.-uor through private cables denying
crop damaee In France. These were accom
panled by a weak closing In French markets
and a fharp reaction nt Liverpool. The after
noon market war unsettled and barely steady.
closing ea*y at unchanged prices to V«c net de
cline. March closed 74 l £c: May, 73H / fi7s 9-16 c,
closed 73'ic: July, 73V4 r a73 11-16 c. closed 73' / ic.
HOP?— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
LEATHER— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE — The market for coffee closed
Ftf-aiy, with prices 8 to 10 points net lower.
Total sales. 34.000 bags, including: February,
X 85; March. »6 WftS 93: May. J7ST7 05: July.
$7 10; Aueuji, *7 IS; September. $7 20f?7 25; Oc
tober. J7 Ss©7 3ft: December. J7 3<Vg7 35.
Soot coffee— Rio. steady; No. 7 Invoice. SUe:
No. 7 jobbing, S\c; mild, steady; cordova, &%
JjlC^c.
src.AR-naw. firm; fair refining, 3 15-16e bid;
centrifugal. 5*6 test. 4s*c bid: molasses sugar,
3 11-NV bid; refined, firm but quiet.
13UTTER— Receipts. GOS4 packages: steady.
June creamery. 2iW23c; Western creamery, 21@
23c: factory. 1C519c.
EGGS — Receipts, 10.175 packages; market
barely steady. Western, 21c loss off; Western
ungraded at mark, HfflPc.
DRIED FRUITS.
Evaporated apples were moderately active
and firm In tone, but without quotable change
In price, on cnod export demand and an ab
eenr-e f.f seller 3. California dried fruits dull.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
SffCTtc: prime, 7@7 l ie; choice, 7%Q"SVic; fancy,
SM.'TiC'c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3<4<SRc.
APP.ICOTS— RoyaI. 13^ir.c; Moorpark. ISS'ISe.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20<$j23c; unpeeled. S%@loc.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— The Metal market as
a whole was uninteresting to-day. Spelter and
lead exhibited Inherent strength, but demand
for all metals was conservative. Cables lack
ed special Influence, while advices from the
Wept portrayed but little change in the situa
tion at primary points. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, dull.
LAKE COPPER-Unchanged at $16 50.
TlN— Quiet and unchanged at $27 80, nominal.
LEAD— Steady, at $4 70 bid and {4 75 asked.
PPELTER— Firm, with $4 70 bid and $4 80
asked.
TUe brokrrs' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 60.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tlde3 are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to tlm«. Thu
second time column gives the second tide of
the Jay. the third time column the third t!d»
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. The helght3
given are In addition to the 3ound!ngs en the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
were some weak points In the list, making
them irregular. Total eales, par value. |1,
240.000.
United States 3s (registered and coupon) old
4s (coupon) declined Vi and 4s (registered) Vk
In the bid price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Fhares . Closing
sold. bid.
100 Atchlson 19S
8.650 Atchlson prefd WH I
2.120 H & O 87»i
100 Canadian Pacific 94
Canada Southern 4S
100 Chesapeake & Ohio 29* i
1.225 Chicago Great Western 13 l «
2.3i0 C B &. Q 151%
Chi. Ind & Louis 15
137 Chi. Ind & Louis prefd 45
Chi & East Illinois *>"H
I^o Chicago & Northwestern 1 60 !
1.954 Chi, Rock Island & Pac If* I
100 C. C. C & St Louis 60H !
Sf«O Colorado Southern &V 4 j
ESO Colorado Southern Ist prefd U
Colorado Southern 2d prefd' 15 I
Del & Hudson 114 I
I>el. Lack & West 174
D & H G 17H I
n & R G prefd 6SS :
Trie Hl«H l « ,
Erie Ist prefd 32\ :
SOO Great Northen prefd 1 6?1 * |
Hocking Coal 1*
100 Hocking Valley 31
Illinois Central 113^ I
200 lowa Central l- l » ;
lowa Central prefd 61
340 X C. Pitts & G Btt
Lake Krie & Western 21
Lake Erie & Western prefd Wi
Lake Shore 154
2.150 Loul!" & Nash 8 Vi j
3.6.V) Manhattan L M\ i
7.775 Met Pt Ry 16* 1 -* I
210 Mexican Central II 7*7 * !
Minn & St L 6S
Minn & Pt L prefd 90
13.450 Mls.-ouri Pacific 4J
100 Mobile & Ohio «9
M. X &, T ". 10
M. X & T rrefd 32 I
200 New Jersey Central ll'>4 j
1.540 New York Central 133U I
SSO Norfolk & Western 247, j
350 Norfolk it Western prefd 7rt
710 Northern Pacific MVi !
409 Northern Pacific prefd ~Z\
200 Ontario & Wo?t IWi
Oregon Ry & Nay 42
Oregon Hy & Nay prefd 76 i
Pennsylvania 12S?i 1
Reading 17> 2 ,
I.l^o Reading Ist prefd »», j
600 Reading 2d prefd 27 i
Rio Grande Western 4>l
100 Rio Grande Western prefd £5
625 Pt Louis & Pan Fran i<\
St Louis & Han Fran Ist prefd 674 ',
Ft Ixmls & Pan Fran 2d prefd 33 |
100 St Louts Southwestern ll*i
750 Rt Louis Southwestern prefd 27' j ;
2.&20 St Paul lit I
Ft Paul rrefd lCT^i
Ft Paul * Omaha 120 :
3.4G0 Southern Pariflc 37 5 -;
KM Southern Railway 11 5 » i
H!fl Southern Railway prefd 54
2.100 Texas & Pacific IWi i
5.970 Union Pacific 4«'i !
1.319 Union Pacific prefd 75"ii I
200 Wabash 714 i
2<*) Wabash prefd 20 7*7 * ,
200 Wheeling & L E 9', !
Wheeling & L E prefd 27>^
140 Wls Cent lhV^
Express Companies—
Adams 113
American 145
United States 47
100 Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
American Cotton Oil 33^
2<X> American Cotton Oil prefd ?2>, !
L 220 American Malting l\
300 American Maltlne prefd 27
464 Amer Smelting & H»flnlng 37"Si
250 Aroer Smelting & Rfflnlns prefd... SS'i
American Spirits 2'i
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Pteel Hoop 41' i
American Pteel Hoop prefd SO
15,000 American Stwl & Wire 4?i4
200 American Steel & Wire prefd 90V;
100 American Ttn Plate 2S
American Tin Plate prefd 79^ '
S.7SO American Tobacco 90", 1
American Tobacco prefd 13", i
Anaconda Mining Co 30*; \
15.1K5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71*, !
1.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 42-% I
2.210 Continental Tobacco 32»« j
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 84V, I
6.200 Federal Steel M>; '
Federal Steel prefd 73i-i j
General Electric 122H j
3.559 Glucose Sugar t3% I
Glucose Sugar prefd S9
International Pai>er 23
International Paper prefd 67V
Laclede Gag 7sv t
National Biscuit SCVj
National Hlscult prefd 92,4
National Lead 2514
110 National Load prefd 10.1 "
1.210 National Steel 44%
330 National Steel prefd !>2<4
New York Air Brake 133
North American 14
Pacific Coast fil
Pacific Coast first prefd £2
Pacific Coant second prefd 64
S6O Pacific Mall 43%
1.400 People's Gas 104
Pressed Steel Car f>6
24S Pressed Steel Car prefd 57%
245 Pullman Palace Car ISS
Standard Rope &. Twine SH 1
SO.ISO Sugar 11814
Sugar prefd 112
800 Tennessee Coal & Iron 84»i
ILIJO United States Leather 15^
United States leather prefd 7SU
200 United States Rubber 40
United States Rubber prefd 101*4
145 Western Union S6»i
1.745 Republic Iron & Steel 21H
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 6".U
I 1I 1 C C t 8t Louis 78^4
159.300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
C B la reg 102541N J Cent ren 69. .120
Do Ss reg 103\4;Nor Carolina 65. ..127
Do Us coupon 110 Do 4s io<i
Do new 4s reg.. 132*4 Nor Pac lsts 110
Po new 4s coup .133 V Do 3s 66%
Do old 4s reg. ...114 Do 4s 103*1
Do old 4« c0up.. 114 N Y. C ft St I, 4s. 107
Do fis rer 11134 Nor & W con 45.. 93* i
Do 5s c0up0n. ..113 i Do ten 6s IZ)
Dlst of Col 3 C 55..119 Or Nay lats 110
Atch gen 4s 10OT4 Do 4s 10H4
Do adj 4s SI Or S Line 6s 120 ft
Can So 2nds K»H| Do con 6s 112
Ches & Ohio 4Us.. 974 Reading gen 4s v . 84«
Do 6s 115*,|Rlo G W lsts 85
Chi & N Con 7s 142 (Southern Pac 45.. 82T4
Do S F deb 55. ..119 !B L & I M con Es.lllii
Chi Term 4s 944 8 L & S F gen 65.119
Den & R O" 15U...1023ii Bt Paul Con 166
Do 4s 9SV* Bt P. C & Pac Is.HSTi
E Term. V & OalalOlH] Do 6s 119
Erie Gen 4s 6STi So Railway Cs 107%
Ft W & Den C Is. 74 IS Rope A T 65.... 84
Gen Electric 65. ...110 iTenn new settle-
Gal. II & S A 6»..1W ment Ss 95
Do 2nds %.10G Tex & Pao 15t5. ...113
H & Tex Cent ts.llo De 2nd» 64
Do Con 6s 110 iUnion Pacific 45..104»4
fowa Cent l»>ts....ll2V4!\Vabash I*U 115<4
Kan C. P&. G lsts. 6S | Do 2nds 101%
La n«w con 4» 10C}4 {Vest Shore 4s 113*
LAN unified 4s. 99 iWI» Cent lsts 90V4
M X & T 2nds.. 6S^;v a Centuries .... $6
Do 4s 90*4! Do deferred .... 5
N T Cent 15t5....103H Colo A So 4s 85^
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 24jOntarfo 7 75
Crown Point SiOphlr {4
Con Cal &. Va 1 60! Plymouth g
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 7b
Gould & Curry — 20? Quicksilver prefd 710
Hale &. Norcroei.. 28 Sierra Nevada .... 4J
HomeMtake 60 00 Standard 2 60
Iron Silver 65! Union Con 20
Mexican 30| Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |We«t End prefd.. .llo
Call loans 4Mt<P« ! West Electric 40>£
Time loans 4 esjWls Central lg
Stocks— I>omlnlon Coal 41
AT& a F 19 Dom Coal prefd. ...115 '
AT& S F prefd.. 60% Bonds-
American Sugar 11C',4; Atchlson 4s 100
Am Sugar prefd. .ll4 1 Mining Shares —
Bell Telephone 3*l fAllouez Mining Co S
Boston & Aiteny..23s [Atlantic ............ %
TO SAIL.
Large coinage of the mints in 18pp.
Decreased exports of Wine last year.
Silver declined a fraction. No change in Exchange.
Shipment of $373,005 to China.
Wheat strong at an advance. Barley dull.
Oats and Rye neglected. Corn tending downward.
Bran firm and Hay rather steadier.
Continued advance in Beans.
Potatoes and Onions quiet. Vegetables steady.
Butter firm, Cheese weak and Eggs steady.
Poultry and Game steady and in moderate supply.
Oranges, Lemons, Limes and Apples plentiful.
Hams and Cottolcnc advanced.
Meat market unchanged.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Steamer Movements.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK, Jan. 24.— Prices on the New
Tork Stock Exchange seemed entirely eub
eervlent to the movement of prices on the
London Exchange. The first sales of the In
ternational »tocks showed sharp gains in re
rpor.se tr> the rise achieved earlier on the Lon
don Exchange. These opening rains conform
closely to the net gains for the day. It
peemed Impossible to achieve any movement
of prices after the opening and the almost
ptagr.ant market drifted along at about the
opening level for the rest of the day. The
fralnn were closely proportioned to the previous
day's loi*es and probably measure the rectifi
cation of the ehort contracts put out yester
day on th« exaggerated rumors of British re
verses !n South Africa. The whole movement
cannot be Raid to be more than sentimental,
as the actual news of the day failed to throw
any light on the Br>er war situation. In the
list of industrials and Fpedaltles. where the
properties concerned would feel no effect either
from success or defea.t In South Africa, the I
movement of prices followed sympathetically 1
that of the railroads. Di-alings In this de- I
liartment continued much larger than those in
the railroad department, but were strictly pro
fessional. The only reason discernible for for
the advance la prices was that there were de
clines yesterday. A considerable demand de
veloped later In the day for American Steel
find Wire, which carried it up an extreme
2%. and lißted other iron and steel atocka In
sympathy. The stocks of properties operating
In New Yrrk public utilities also made a con
tinued phow cf Ftrength. News bearing on the
Industrial outlock was all favorable. Ft. Paul's
third weekly Ftatement. leading the returns
Jor that period, showed an Increase of over
$S?.000 over last year's unprecedented level of
earnings. TIK-re were pood third wtek state
ments also from the Wabash. Denver and Rio
Grande and Rio Grande Western. Less as
euranfe was felt with regard to the financial '
outlook. Money rates hardened a fraction In
London and Berlin and there wan a sharp free- I
tlonal rise In sterling exchange. Quotable
rates for money were not changed in New
York as funds continue to accumulate in new
banks. Hut the rate or accumulation shows
a considerable falling off from that of last
week. A further reduction of the Bank of
England rate of discount has been anticipated.
t>ut whether to-day's hardening money will
result in disappointing the expectation remains
to be Been.
The absorption, of railroad bonds continues
on a moderate scale, but to a lessened extent,
owinar to tne smaller Inflow of money. There
New York Grain and Produce.
London Wool Sales.
Boston Wool Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Boston Elevated... 96 Boston & Mont 27U4
Boston & Maine.. .l 96 Butte & 805t0n..., 46
C B & Q 121% Calumet & Hecla,."3o
FUchburg prefd ...118 Centennial 15^
Gen Elec prefd. ...135 Franklin 14
Federal Steel 51« i Humboldt 1
Fed Steel rrefd.... 73 Osceola 67
Mexican Central... 11% Parrot 40
Mich Telephone 100 Qulncy 135
Old Colony 202 Santa Fe Copper.. 5U
Old Dominion 17 Tamarack 176
Rubber 39»i Wlnona 4
Union Pacific 46V4 Wolverines 35%
Union Land 2»4 Utah 25
West End 92H
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— Money on call, 2%^3
per cent; last loan, 3 per cent. Prime mer
cantile paper, 4H(iJS% per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at %i S7 for demand and at $4 S4 for sixty
days. Posted rates. $4 84H<f?4 S5 and $4 87^@
4 SS. Commercial bills. J4 S3<S4 83V,. Silver cer
tificates. D9H(66OHc. Bar silver, 59*4 c. Mexi
can dollars, 47^c. Government bondi. weak;
State bonds, strong; railroads, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, 5257.520.560; gold reserve,
$219,55L746.
London Markets.
NEW YORK, .'an. 24.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
In the absence of news from- the seat of war
to-day there was a complete stagnation In the
markets here. The settlement was easy. Bank
ers charged I<4 I*"r cent for money and brokers
were oversupplled. The American Contango
opened at 4 per cent, but soon eased to 3\i, the
rate on St. Paul being only 3 per cent.
Americans advanced % point on an authen
tic rumor of a victory at Splon Kop. but re
lapsed on sales fmm New York. The bank
bought £21.0Ci0 gold In bars and lost £80,000
to India. The latter shipment was considered
light. Cable transfers commanded much lower
rates than last week, indicating that the India
gold demand has been exasperated. The week's
r.et outflow of specie was £59,000. It Is regard
ed as eertaln that the bank rate will be re
duced to 4 per cent to-morrow If news of a
victory In Africa should be received. Money
was slack, the call rate being IV4 per cent, and
bills were ld!e. Paris cheque, 25.18; Berlin.
20.49 V
Silver was easy. It Is understood that the
demand has been satisfied by a local pur-
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 24. -Canadian Pacific, 96M,;
Union Pacific preferred, 77; Northern Pacific
preferred, 75 4 i: Atchlson, 194; Grand Trunk,
7*4; Anaconda, SH; bar silver, 27^d per ounce;
woak.
LONDON. Jan. 24.— Bar sliver closed weak,
27 7-16 d per ounce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
TO ARRIVE
Securities were dull again on the morning
session and variations were slight. Contra
Costa Water wa» firm at $75 62Vf873 75.
In the afternoon Market-Street Railroad de
clined to $61 and Gas & Electric to Sol.
The oil stocks continued quiet and unchanged.
The Consolidated Imperial Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 1 cent per share,
delinquent February 27.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. ;
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 24—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Cent LAP....— 5
4s quar coup.. — — Eqult GL. Co. 4 5
4s quar reg.... — 114^ Mutual L. Co.. 13% 14
4? quar new... — — 'O GL» & H... 44 44*;
3s quar c0up. .1104 — I Pac Gas Imp.. 48 47 1 ,
Miscellaneous — j Pac Light Co.. 41>i —
Cal-st Cab 55..11jH — ;S F O & E 50* i 5Ui
C C Wat 55..1063 4 107^j San Francisco. 4T» 5
Ed L & P 65.. 130 — ' I Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F&CI Ry 65.. 115 — Insurance—
G>ary-st R ss. — 95 FlrenVs Fund. 22o —
II C & S 5H5..10S 111 Bank Stocks—
HC& S 5s lOßli — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 —
LARy 5s 104\106 'Bank of Ca1... 40ft —
LAL Co 55... — — iCal S D & T.. 97H 9S
Do gntd 65.. — — i First Natnl 250 —
IV) gntd os.. — 101 |Lon P & A. ...131 132' A
LA& P R 55.102%i103 [Merchants' Ex — 1G
Market-st 65...1C'l 127 ,'Nev Nat Hk... — —
Do Ist M 55. .117 l!*ii' Savings Banks—
NCN G R 7s. — 109 | Ger Si- L..17M —
N R of Cal 65.113 Vi — i Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal ss.U3»ill4>.i,Mut fay Bk. 41V£ —
N PC R R 55. 103 — is F Sa.v U.. 500 —
NPC R R 65. 106 — iPav &L. Co. 74 73
N C R R 55. ..103 — 'Sec Say Bk. — —
OOU & H 55.108 — I Union T Co. — —
Oak Tran 63..11imi3 Street Railroads-
Oak WCo ss. .I(ls^lo6l4 'Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic SS Co.lo4vi — " Market-st Ry. 61 61H
Om C Ry 65.. — 12S OSJ, & II — 50
P&CI Ry 65..104 ii — Presidio .— 22Vi
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks-
Powell -st R 6s. — 121 California 155 175
Sac El G&Ros — 100 E Dynamite... 85 — *
SF& N P Ss.U3H - Giant Con Co.. 94H 93
S F & SJV 55.116^4117V; Vigorlt 2*i —
SRy of Cal 6s. — 109 j Sugar Stocks—
S Pof A 63....110*,110S Hana P C 0.... 7Vi 7H
S P C 6s(l9os).lo93illo^iHaw C & S Co SSVa —
S P C 6«atWs>.lll — :Honokaa. S Co. 30^ 31*4
SP C 65(19f2). — — I Hutch S P Co. 26^4 2«» i
SPCIs eg as. — — Kllauea S Co. . — 27
SPBr 6s 124H — Makawell SCo 43% 43%
S V Wat 65.... 115 — Onoraea S Co.. 27*4 27&
S V Wat 48....104H — IPaauhau S Co. 27^4 2S
S V W 4s(3dm)lo2U — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65. 101 105 Al Pack Assn.llMilM
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Contra Costa.. 75H — Oceanic S Co.. 97 9S*4
Marln County. B0 — Pac A F A.... I*4 3*4
Spring Valley. 93H S3\ Pac C Bor C 0..14$. .14$ —
Gas iz Electric— Par Paint Co.. 9Vi —
Cent Gas Co.. — —
Morning Session.
Board —
8 Contra Costa Water 73 82%
PO Centra Costa Water 75 75
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .... S6 50
35 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 624
10 Makawell 43 75
$5000 Park & Cliff House 6's 104 60
25 S V Water 03 U
JIOOO S V 4's. 2d mortgage 104 25
200 Vlgorit. b 20 2 75
IUO Vigorit. b 30 2 624
100 Vigorlt. b 30 ... 275
200 Vlgorit 2 73
Street..
1M Honokaa 30 50
JiOCO Park & Cliff House 6's 104 50
10 S V Water 53 62h
50 Oceanic S S Co 'J7 CO
$3000 Market Street Cable 6's 125 M
Afternoon Session.
30 Contra Costa Water 73 75
43 Giant Powder Con 94 &0
20 Makawell 43 624
10 Makawell 43 50
3n Market Street Railway 61 CO
5 Oceanic S S Co 97 23
$ICvO Oceanic S S bonds 106 00
5 S F Gas & Klectrlc Co 51 00
10 S V Water, a 10 S3 62H
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session,
Hoard —
60 Contra Costa Writer 73 37"4
M> Contra Costa Water 75 SO
12S Equitable Gas 4 87V.
B0 Hana Plantation 7 2.>
20 Honokaau Sugar Co 30 25
10 Hutchlnson Sugar 26 75
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' 113 73
25 Contra Costa Water 75 25
ion Equitable Gas 4 574
10 Olant Powder 95 00
IS Giant Powder 94 574
100 Honnkaau Sugar Co. s 30 30 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial 88 M
50 Hutchlnson Sugar 26 7.">
20 S F Gas & Electric 51 73
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 7»
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlne Session.
Board —
100 Burlington 1 (10
150 Sar. Luis 5 00
Afternoon Session.
f.O Home Oil 3 9>
lf>o National 6 75
100 National 6 871^
300 National 7 ©0
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
125 Barker Ranch 1 is
200 Century 1 2j
1M Century ....' 130
?'») Anaconda 100
50 Yukon 145
Afternoon Session.
200 Anaconda 1 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In ths San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
110 Belcher 12! 100 Ophlr 73
1000 Chollar 2»j 70>> Potos! 3*5
430 Con Cal & Va.l 6."j 100 Potosl 37
300 Crown Point... 13 1 200 Potosl 33
100 Hale & Norcrs 4'>| 400 Union Con ... 33
400 Mexican 36 ?00 Union Con . 32
f.OO Occidental 19 200 Yellow Jacket. 24
200 Ophlr 74
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 12 1 200 Gould & Curry 26
2fO Bullion OS, 400 Mexican 37
700 Challenge 23 700 Potosl 41
300 Chollar ." 30 200 Sierra Nevada. 52
too Con Cal & Va.l M 200 Yellow Jaclcet.. 25
300 Con Cal & Va.l 63
Following were the eales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 27 3CO Ophlr 74
200 Challenge 21 5<X) Overman 06
1200 Chollar 30 SOO Potosl 34
300 Chollar 31 300 Potosl 35
300 Con Cal &. V.I 624 i 200 Potos! 3S
EOO Con Cal & V.I 67H! 600 Potost 33
400 Con Cal & Va.l 70: So> Potosl 40
2tV> Mexican 3.1 13no Potosi 41
400 Mexican 35 1 500 Savago 17
600 Mexican 30 i 6f» Savage IS
100 Occidental 201700 Savage 19
100 Occidental 20) 4iio Sierra Nevada. 51
200 Ophlr 70 , 600 Sierra Nevada. 52
200 Ophlr "li M» Sierra Nevada. 63
400 Ophlr T3 500 Silver Hill .... 05
700 Ophlr 73 2""iO Union Con 30
800 Ophlr 76 300 Union Con .... 33
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 12 100 Ophlr 75
200 Best & Belcher 20 400 Ophlr 73
800 Challenge 25 200 Potosl 4t
300 Challenge 24 200 Potost 47
50 Con Cal & Va.l 70 200 Potosl 33
200 Con Cal & V.I 67»s 300 Savage 19
200 Crown Point... 14 200 Sierra Nevada. 53
200 Gould & Curry 26 1 500 Yellow Jacket.. 25
100 Ophir 741 400 Yellow Jacket.. 26
Foreign Futures.
market was steady creamery, 19@214c; dairy
l?®22c. Cheese, firm; 12@13c. Eggs, steady
fresh, 16@*16%c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 9>,i 5 8%
Closing 5 9& 6 S»i
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 19 15 20 05
Closing 19 15 19 95
Flour-
Opening 25 35 28 35
Closing 25 30 26 15
BOSTON, Jan. 24.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
A very active demand developed In the week
past for medium and low-grade wools, of
which the American Woolen Company and
other large mills have been free purchasers.
They have taken on some good-sized lines of
quarter and three-eighths blood fleeces— notably
quarters— the sales of such wools amounting to
something like two million pounds.
These purchases combined with those of one
or two good lines of territory, have brought
the total of the week's business up to slightly
over 5,000.000 pounds. Otherwise the demand
Is not p.t all active, and for fine wools It Is
practically nothing. There Is no Improvement
In prices, however, which may be quoted as
steady, and for most lines nominally un
changed. The sales of the week In Boston
amounted to 4,505,0 ! X> pounds domestic and
315,000 pounds foreign, making a total of 5.120,
000 pounds, against a total of 2.965,000 pounds
for the previous week and a total of 3.154. 000
for the corresponding week last year. The
sales since Jannarv 1 amount to 13,155,500
pounds, against 13,216.000 pounds for the corre
sponding time last year.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Times and ¦ Heights of High and low
Waters at Fort Point, •ntranee to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both place*.
THURSDAY. JANUARY 23
LONDON, Jan. 24.— G00d and fairly repre
sented catalogues were offered the buyers at
the wool auction sales here to-day. The num
ber of sales aggregated 10.563. Superior greasy
merinos are spiritedly competed for by the
American and French buyers, both paying full
rates for the same. Cross breds were well sup
ported by the home trade. The American buy
ers purchased fine greasy at full rates.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21.-CATTLE— Best fair de
mand, steady; lower grades slow; Texas steers
in strong demand: bulls about steady; butch
ers' stock, choice, lower; canners, 10c lower;
feeders, unchanged: good to choice. $5 23iJ?6 50;
poor to medium. 14W4 90; mlxod stockers. f3 2j@
3 SO; selected feeders. $4 20-S4 90; good to choice
cows. $3 40f?4 40; heifers, $3 'JfVJ?4 75; canners,
$1 So®2 SO; bulls. $2 sO'(j4 40; calves. $4 50>@7 75;
fed Texas beeves, $125.
HOGS— Average, T.c lower; closing dull; mixed
and butchers, $4 45{M 75; good to choice, $4 60®
4 77V4; rough heavy. $4 MKJ4 60; light. $4 iO®
4 C 24: bulk of sales, 54 55fi4 674.
SHEEP— Steady; lambs. 10c higher: native
wethers, $4 BOiJjJS: lambs, $j<f?6 50: Western
wethers, $4 40@4 SO; lambs J5 70(36 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,500; hogs, 34,000; cheep,
16,00 a
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 24— WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, ElS"s2c; valley, 50; bluestem, 52@53c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. 24— WHEAT— Club.
Elc; bluestem. He.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 24.— Clearings, $263,806;
balances, 524,450.
Foreign Markets.
I-rONDON. Jan. 24.— Consols, 101 9-16; Silver.
27Ud; French rentes, IOOf 10c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, very little doing; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; No. 1 standard California,
295; Walla Walla. 27s English country markets,
quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL. Jnn. 24— Wheat, firm; Wheat
In Paris, weak: Flour In Parts, weak; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 4a 19-324.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 24.-WHEAT-Spot. No.
2 red Western winter, firm, 5s Pd; No. 1 North
cm spring, firm. 5s lid; futures, easy; March.
5s 9VI: May. 5s R»;d.
CORN — Spot. American mixed, new:, firm.
3s S'^d: old. firm. 3s 64d: futures, steady: Jan
uary, Ss sVjd; February. 3s s*id; March. 3s 6V*d.
»
Charters.
The City of Papeete loads merchandise fo
Tahiti end Marquesas.
The Colbert loads wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope, 22s M; Trongate, same voyage, 40s
ortion of c»j«! Town, 41s 3d.
The Matterborn Is chartered for wheat t
Europe. Zls.
The China took out a treasure list of 1373.005,
Consisting cf $2:4,005 In Mexican dollars. JSS.OOI
In silver bullion and $50,000 In dollars.
Exports of Wine.
Experts cf wine from this port by sea In
ISS) were 3.124,630 gallons and 7000 cases, valued
Hi n.US,SM, against t.MS.OOO gallons and SSTj
cases at 11.552.500 In 1898.
The National Coinage.
The coinage of the different United States
mints in 1559 »¦« as follows:
Double eagle* J73,r!!3,6^0 00
F.aglrs 21.403.RM 00
Half eagles 16.275.64S 00
Quarter eagles 65.375 00
Standard dollars 15.182. M6 00
Half dollars 4.474.628 SO
Quarter dollars 5.W4.211 W
Dirr.es 2.4PP.553 90
rive cents 1.301.451 55
Cents 536.000 31
Total IMI 1U5.20.1tl 76
Total IMW 102.144.626 OS
Total lSf'7 66.041.282 50
The total last year was the largest In the
fcibtory of the United States mints.
Prosperity of the South.
Henry Clews" New Ycrk circular says:
•"The granger roads continue to show large
earnings; likewise the trunk lines and several
roads running to the Atlantic ports. The Pa
cific roads are also making good returns. Some
of the Southern jropertles have not yet re
ceived the attention they deserve. The Siuth,
It «hould be remembered. Is Just now exper
iencing an exceptional period of prosperity.
The cotton crop has afforded a reasonable profit
to growers, for the reas >ns that prices have
ruled hiptx^r than last year, the cost of raising
if l^ss than formerly, and the utilization of
the peed for oil and cake has added materially
to Bootbera resources Tho most striking fea
ture of th<? South, however, Is Its marvelous
Industrial growth: not only In Iron, hut es
pecially In cotton manufacturing. During 1599
ptana were made for Investing not less than
SJO.unO.fifiO in cotton manufacturing, and al
ready It is stated on pood authority that the
Fmithern States contain f. "00.000 spindles
asainst 13.00u.000 In the New England States.
As yet there Is no fear of overproduction, for
the * South expects to largely produce the
cheaper class of fabrics a-.iltaMe for export.
China will prove a large buyer of these pro
ductw. end no section of the United States
lia» a more vitnl Interest la the open door
Dollcv than the South."
Weather Report
<120 th MerirHan— ParMc Time.)
SAN FRANCIPCO. Jan. 24. S J>. m.
The following arf the iwasonal rainfall* to
£at<" as romtiuvd with those of the same dale
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hour*:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, fason. season.
j^urPka 0 00 33 46 17 r>S
KM Bluff 0.00 14.79 13.12
SatT7im>-r:to 0 00 13. 53 T.SS
Francisco 0 00 14. 3S 7.67
Fresno 0 00 6 12 3.54
Independence 0.00 2 C 8 1.15
Fan Luit. Obispo 0.00 12.41 « 87
Los Angeles 000 4H 2.54
San Diego 0.00 2 60 3.43
Yuma 0.90 0.66 1.33
Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Ztr, minimum, 46: mean. M>.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND CENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly on the coast
of California and Oregon. There are some
Indications of a development of a secondary
luw on the California coast, and the condi
tions at the Fame time are favorable for the
rapid approach of a low area over the North
Pacific. These conditions are favorable for
rain Thursday r.lcht.
The temperature has risen generally over
California, and has fallen over the Rocky
Mountain re^ron.
No rain has lailen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
The liver at Sacramento U 214 feet and fall
ing.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. January 2.1, 1900:
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday: prob
ably rain by night: light northerly changing
to southeasterly winds; warmer In the Sail
Joaquln and lower Sacramento valleys.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday: north
erly changing to southeasterly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy: warmer Thursday.
T'tah— Fair Thursday; warmer Thursday
eight.
Arizona — Cloudy Thursday.
San Kranclsco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day: probably rain by night: fresh southeast
erly Winds. ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
Treasure Shipment.
i yOL S«w Moon.
Su. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa. W January I-
* f_ _2. I J> January 8.
t 8 9 10 II 12 U FuUMoon,
'ITIT IT IT IT IT 7^^"^ "•
>—— < -*r Last Quarter,
II 22 23 24 25 X ZT >ti January O.
18 29 JO 81 "~ g!v New Moon.
'iMJ
Steamer, j Destination. I
8
Bails. I Pier.
Moana j Sydney jjan.
I t
25, S pm'Pler 7
fanta Rosa, ii-an Diego I Jan.
Excelsior ..'Alaska I Jan.
23. 11 am Pier U
25. 9am Tier 34
Samcva jH'Jinboidt Jan.
Umatllla ..|Vlc & Put Sd.|.Tan.
Coquille R.:!Grays Harbor' Jan.
Coo» Bay... I Newport Jan.
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena.. Jan.
Arcata Coos Bay Jan.
Columbia ..i Portland Jan.
San Pedro.. !Humboldt Uan.
Orizaba IHurnboldt (Jan.
C. Nelson... i Pusret Sound.. Jan.
Colon [Panama [Jan.
Corona |San Dteuo [Jan.
A. Blanch'd'Coos Bay Jan.
North Fork'Humboldt [Jan.
25. 13am,Pi*r U
2<!. 10 am. Pier 3
27. 5 pm; Pier 21
XI. 9 ami Pier 11
27. t pmlPter 2
27. 10 am: Pier 13
28. 10 am Pier 24
23, 4pm!PlerU
29. 1 pm'Pler 9
23, 10 am! Pier 3
20. 13 m;PM33
29. 11 am 1 Pier It
29, 10 am; Pier 1*
30, 9amiPler I
Bonlta |San Pedro |Jan.
Queen |Vlc & Ptrt Sd.iJan.
Lady Jolcey|Chlna& JapanUan.
Poric IChlna&Japan'Febi.
31. » am ' Pier 11
31. 10 am! Pier t
U. 1 pml
1. 1 pm.PMSS
State of CaliPortland iFeb.
J. 10 am; Pier M
Steamer.
1 Fror
m
Chas. Nelson..
Homer
Columbia
Cocs Bay
Point Arena...
Crescent City..
..IPueet Sound.
..|Portland
..iPortland
..[Newport
..IPolnt Arena..
..(Crescent City
...!Ja
.. Ja
.. Ja
... Ja
.. Ja
... Ja
LTa
Areata
Czarina
..|Coo9 Bay
..'Pu<et Sound.
Tlllamook
Matteawan ...
Miami
..ITlllamoolc
. .iComox
..(Departure Ba
Ccrona
..iPan i>ieerf>.-..
North Fork —
..jHumboldt
Curacao
..(Mexico
Queen
Orizaba
..'] Victoria A Pi
..(HumhoMt
t
A. Blanchard..
San Pedro
Bristol
..'lOj-ster Harbo
Aloha
Volumnla
..; Hamburg
'China, and Ja:
Lady joicey —
Bonlta ,
?!Xpwport
Samoa
Nippon Mam..
Australia
.. jHumboldt
..'fhinn and Ja;
.. [Honolulu
-i'-ita m* fol
<V>r*rl\<xr\(\
State of Cal...
Santa Rosa
? ; Panama
Walla Waiia. .
..I Victoria & Pi
i£ (
Soun
Sun
Sun
Moo:
i rises
i set 3 ...
m rises
T.IC
7:l\
5:r.l
::06 a ia.^
1 ITlmel ITime! ITlme!
H W
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W 1. "W
25 ..
18 ..
..' 5:36)
L W
.. 0:23
I 5.4) 1:11 0.«! 8:351 S.t)
H W L, TV H W
1.2 «:31 6.5 2:05* 9 1 9:30 4.9
*>•?
i •ii »:v,\ i s :.» » ; ,«:;« ; ;
27 ..
•- »**
3.2 7:31 5.6 2:55—0.31 10:15 4.3
23 ..
23 ..
.. 2:36|
.. 3:30!
3.2 8:30 5.8! 3:40!— 0.6! 10:55) 4.«
[ 3.0! 9:2S| 6.0 4:24i—0.7] 11:33 3.3
.. 4:22
HW
It. w !h "w it. w
5.3 5:13 2.2! 11:16 «.»>'[ 5:45 0.4
i yOL S«w Moon.
Su. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa. W January I-
* f_ _2. I J> January 8.
t 8 9 10 II 12 U FuUMoon,
'ITIT IT IT IT IT 7^^"^ "•
>—— < -*r Last Quarter,
II 22 23 24 25 X ZT >ti January O.
18 29 JO 81 "~ g!v New Moon.
'iMJ
Sun
Sun
Moo:
i rises
i set 3 ...
m rises
T.IC
7:l\
5:r.l
::06 a ia.^
1 ITlmel ITime! ITlme!
H W
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W 1. "W
25 ..
18 ..
..' 5:36)
L W
.. 0:23
I 5.4) 1:11 0.«! 8:351 S.t)
H W L, TV H W
1.2 «:31 6.5 2:05* 9 1 9:30 4.9
*>•?
i •ii »:v,\ i s :.» » ; ,«:;« ; ;
27 ..
•- »**
3.2 7:31 5.6 2:55—0.31 10:15 4.3
23 ..
23 ..
.. 2:36|
.. 3:30!
3.2 8:30 5.8! 3:40!— 0.6! 10:55) 4.«
[ 3.0! 9:2S| 6.0 4:24i—0.7] 11:33 3.3
.. 4:22
HW
It. w !h "w it. w
5.3 5:13 2.2! 11:16 «.»>'[ 5:45 0.4
Steamer, j Destination. I
8
Bails. I Pier.
Moana j Sydney jjan.
I t
25, S pm'Pler 7
fanta Rosa, ii-an Diego I Jan.
Excelsior ..'Alaska I Jan.
23. 11 am Pier U
25. 9am Tier 34
Samcva jH'Jinboidt Jan.
Umatllla ..|Vlc & Put Sd.|.Tan.
Coquille R.:!Grays Harbor' Jan.
Coo» Bay... I Newport Jan.
Pt. Arena.. 'Point Arena.. Jan.
Arcata Coos Bay Jan.
Columbia ..i Portland Jan.
San Pedro.. !Humboldt Uan.
Orizaba IHurnboldt (Jan.
C. Nelson... i Pusret Sound.. Jan.
Colon [Panama [Jan.
Corona |San Dteuo [Jan.
A. Blanch'd'Coos Bay Jan.
North Fork'Humboldt [Jan.
25. 13am,Pi*r U
2<!. 10 am. Pier 3
27. 5 pm; Pier 21
XI. 9 ami Pier 11
27. t pmlPter 2
27. 10 am: Pier 13
28. 10 am Pier 24
23, 4pm!PlerU
29. 1 pm'Pler 9
23, 10 am! Pier 3
20. 13 m;PM33
29. 11 am 1 Pier It
29, 10 am; Pier 1*
30, 9amiPler I
Bonlta |San Pedro |Jan.
Queen |Vlc & Ptrt Sd.iJan.
Lady Jolcey|Chlna& JapanUan.
Poric IChlna&Japan'Febi.
31. » am ' Pier 11
31. 10 am! Pier t
U. 1 pml
1. 1 pm.PMSS
State of CaliPortland iFeb.
J. 10 am; Pier M
Steamer.
1 Fror
m
Chas. Nelson..
Homer
Columbia
Cocs Bay
Point Arena...
Crescent City..
..IPueet Sound.
..|Portland
..iPortland
..[Newport
..IPolnt Arena..
..(Crescent City
...!Ja
.. Ja
.. Ja
... Ja
.. Ja
... Ja
LTa
Areata
Czarina
..|Coo9 Bay
..'Pu<et Sound.
Tlllamook
Matteawan ...
Miami
..ITlllamoolc
. .iComox
..(Departure Ba
Ccrona
..iPan i>ieerf>.-..
North Fork —
..jHumboldt
Curacao
..(Mexico
Queen
Orizaba
..'] Victoria A Pi
..(HumhoMt
t
A. Blanchard..
San Pedro
Bristol
..'lOj-ster Harbo
Aloha
Volumnla
..; Hamburg
'China, and Ja:
Lady joicey —
Bonlta ,
?!Xpwport
Samoa
Nippon Mam..
Australia
.. jHumboldt
..'fhinn and Ja;
.. [Honolulu
-i'-ita m* fol
<V>r*rl\<xr\(\
State of Cal...
Santa Rosa
? ; Panama
Walla Waiia. .
..I Victoria & Pi
i£ (
SounGH APE-NUTS.
HELPS ELECTRICITY.
Grape-Huts Build the Brain That
Does the Planning.
A famous electrical engineer, Foote,
who constructed the 3.000 horsepower
electric plant which supplies Battle
Creek, Kalamazoo and other Michigan
cities, says there is no food known that
will supply him with the vitality and
mental vigor from breakfast to noon
that Grape- Nuts will.
Mr. Foote, in conversation, said:
"There is no doubt left in my mind of
these facts. I have tried all sorts of
food, and kept track of the results. I
gain steadily^ in reserve force when I
use Grape-Nuts, notwithstanding my
occupation requires long continued and
concentrated brain work." There is no
artificial stimulant in Grape-Nuts. Noth-
ing but the stimulus of good food that
is scientifically prepared for immediate
assimilation into blood and tissu*.
especially brain tissue.
Brain workers can Ret sure and
understandable results by using Grapc-
fcutt.
Maine's university is to have an astro-
nomical observatory.
Liquor- Dealers Organize.
REDDING. Jan. 24.— The liquor dealers
of this county have held a meeting, elect
ed officers and are prepared to fight the
provisions of the new license ordinance
that are objectionable to them. The ordi
nance goes Into effect February 1. At
that time the liquor men will address the
Supervisors in an endeavor to have the
ordinance modllied. Tho portion of the
ordinance that the liquor dealers most
object to is that which provides for the
revocation of license and the forfeiture of
a $1000 bond upon their allowing any
money paying nickel-ln-the-slot machines
to operate in their places of business.
Thieves in the Western Addition.
A number of petty thefts in the West
ern Addition have recently been reported
to Captain Bohen, presumably committed
by boys. Yesterday the captain detailed
six detectives to patrol the locality and
capture the thieves.
Augustine Is Bloodthirsty.
Mrs. Nlcolaza Augustine, cook at 1218
Leavenworth street, secured a warrant
yesterday for tho arrest of her husband
Orozco, on the charge of threats to kill.
She has been supporting him for several
years and because she refused to give him
any more money he choked her and sent a
letter In which he threatened to kill her
and all her friends.
INHIBITIONS REMOVED.
Disabilities Against Ex-Confederates
Taken Away.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 24.— The House
Committee on Pensions to-day ordered a
favorable report on the bill making ser
vice in the Spanish-American war suf
ficient to remove the disabilities against
those who aided or abetted the Southern
troops during the war of the rebellion in
the matter of drawing pensions. At
present the Inhibition applies to widows,
children, heirs and others related to those
serving or assisting the Confederacy, and
the removal of this Inhibition Is more
particularly designed to apply to parents
serving in the war with Spain.
Will Mine a River Bed.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 24.— R. 11.
Campbell of San Francisco is on his way
to California from Cariboo to purchase
machinery for a unique mining opera
tion. Campbell and his associates believe
that when they reach the center of the
bed of a certain ancient or dead river in
old Cariboo by sinking a shaft millions
will be In their grasp. They have already
spent $112,000 and are prepared to spend
half a million more before throwing up
the sponge.
THREE-YEAR-OLD BOY'S
WILD RIDE ON AN ENGINE
Climbs Aboard a Locomotive and Holds
the Throttle Wide Open Until the
Steam Gives Out.
C PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 24.— The three-year-old son of W. B. Evans, an Q
? engineer on the. Kort Johns motor line, about noon to-day climbed into an ?
& engine which was standing In the yard and opened the throttle. In a short ?
Z, Fpaee of time the engine was going at a rate of twenty miles per hour. The
4 father of the hoy started in pursuit as soon as he heard the engine moving +
*¦ off, but trus speed was too preat tor him to overhaul it. He telephoned tc 4>
? r!:e Motions ahead, but when Portsmouth, the next station, was reached, no f
1' ore dared make the attempt to hoard It as it thundered past. When with-
«, in three hundred yards of the end of the line the steam died down and a X
? heavy prade was encountered which slackened the speed. A motonnan on a ?
*> cosinoctlnp electric line, who had been informed by telephone. Jumped on A
? board and stopped the engine within a few feet of the terminus. The boy f
Z held on to the throttle all the way. and was not at all disconcerted over his T
I perilous ride. |
*q ? .?-»-4 ? «*-$-•- «v»^.^ < if>'« fr ? «*»-f-* ¦&+s>+ <$>-•¦•?»- 4^4^ <?>+4 > + <$>-+4>+ H
SCORES McKINLEY
FOR SULU TREATY
Pettigrew Talks of the
Slavery Clause.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24.— When the
Senate convened to-day Halo reported
from the Appropriations Committee the
urgent deficiency bill and gave notice that
he would call It up to-morrow.
Allen offered a resolution calling upon
the Secretary of War i"<>r all information
and correspondence relatir.g to the admin
istration of customs iiffairs in Porto Rico,
Cuba and the Philippines, Eince the war
with Spain. Objection being made, it
Pettigrew of South Dakota offered a
resolution declaring that the United
r^iiir-s Government could not recognize
the right of any nation to declare as con
traband and seize food products as such,
and that any euch seizure would be an
act unfriendly to the United States. The
resolution went over under the rule.
The resolution offered yesterday by
Pettlgrew calling upon the President fur
the n-port of General Johu C. Bates con
cerning the treaty made with the Sultan
of Sulu was considered. Tho resolution
rccltod the salaries i>uid to ihe Sultan and
his officials, and inquired what fund they
were paid from and what services the otli
<¦....- rendered. Peuigrew supported the
resolution in a speech. He said that glav
ery i-> It* worst form existed in the Sulu
group «.f iflands. and tho treaty itself pro
videu that every slave could purchase his
freedom at the regular market price. He
paid th<? amount of the salaries paid to
the Sultan and his officials under the
treaty was K*l2o, yet the Spanish Govern
ment paid to them only $0300. A transla
tion ot the treaty, he said, was withheld
from the people until after the Ohio elec
tion?. Th;s was merely a part of the pol
icy of comialmcnt and censoring adopted
by the adniiiiistration.
Spooner of Wisconsin asked Pettigrew
if he meant to hold the President respon
etble for the slavery clause In the Sulu
treaty.
"I do," Pettlgrew replied.
"Then." said Spooner, "I read from the
n^^-ici 1 of the President to Congress.
The President says: 'I have coniirmed
said agreement subject to the action of
Congress, and with the reservation which
I have directed pliall be communicated to
the Sultan of J'-la that this agreement is
not to be deemed in any way to authorize
or five the consent of the United States
to th«> existence ot slavery in the Sulu
MTChipclago.' *'
Pettigrew replied that there was no
assurance that the President's statement
would ever reach the Sultan. He declared
It was simply a case of double-dealing
and nothing' elpe.
At the conclusion of the address of
Petti^rew. Ijorise- of Massachusetts Fa!d
that, while the resolution was covered by
one previously adopted, there was no ob
jection to its passage. It was then
adopted.
for the insane on the strength of an opin
ion g-iven yesterday by Attorney General
Mrey L. Ford.
Knott killed a barber named Joseph
Knauor in 1537. After trial he was sen
tenced to be hanged on March 3, 1533. A
short time prior to the date set for his
execution Knott showed unmistakable
signs of insanity and W. E. Hale, then
Warden at San yuentin, had the Superior
Judge of Marin County summon a Jury
to pa.^s on his mental condition. The Jury
found him insane and the prisoner has
since been confined in the hospital at the
penitentiary. The new Warden, not wish
ing tn have Knntt on his hands, asked of
the Attorney General what should be
done with him. Mr. Ford stated In reply
that Knott should be sent to one of the
asylums for insane until his sanity was
restored, when he would be sent back to
the prison and the Governor notified. The
duty of the chief executive then would
be to Issue a warrant for his execution.
Semichy Loses to Baker.
SALINAS, Jan. 24.— George Baker of
San Francisco to-night was given the de
cision over Matt Semlchy of San Jose in
the thirteenth round before the Monterey
Athletic Club. Several thousand people
were present. Bemichy claimed he re
ceived a foul blow in the abdomen. The
referee asserted It was from Baker's knee.
Mayhood Is Safe.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NAPA, Jan. 24.— The Governor has re
fused to issue extradition paper 9 to Sher
iff Dunlap of this county In the case of
George F. May hood, who Is wanted here
on a charge of abduction. Mayhood has
been In custody of the police, at Seattle
for a week past. Sheriff Dunlap went to
Sacramento Monday and laid the evi
dence In the case before the chief execu
tive, but the request was denied. Dis
trict Attorney Bell stated to-day that no
further sepa to bring Mayhood back for
trial would be taken, and that the charge
against the defendant would bo dismissed
In the Justice Court.
RABBI'S WIFE TESTIFIES.
Denies That She Referred to Rapken
as a Gay Old Bird.
All the testimony in the case of Mrs. D.
Jacobson against Rabbi Isadore Myers for
the refund of moneys expended for trans
portation was finally submitted yesterday
in Justice Groezlnger's court. Mrs. My
ers, tho wife of the rabbi, was put on the
stand with the intention of disproving Mr.
Rapken's testimony to the effect that the
Jacobsons had lived on charity while In
Australia, Letters written by Mrs. My
ers referring to "It" as a "gay, old bird"
were read, but Mrs. Myers swore positive
ly that the "R" did not refer to Rupken.
Mrs Jacobson, her daughter Regina and
her »on Isidore, testified that they had
never asked for or received any aid from
tho Melbourne Philanthropic Society.
Attorney Wise offered to send at his
own expense a commission to Australia to
prove that the Jacobsons had come to
America on money collected for them by
charitable people. Mrs. Jacobson became
hysterial when Attorney Crowley told
how Rabbi Myers had come home after
preaching In the synagogue one Sabbath
morning and cast out two women, one 70
years old and the other 20.
After Attorney Wise has submitted a
brief Justice Groezinger will render his
decision.
MURDERER KNOTT'S CASE.
Warden Agulrre of tho State prison at
Fan Quontin will probably send Murderer
A. L. Knott to one of the State asylums
STRONG BILL
AT ORPHEUM
It Is the old story at the Orpheum.
There are all kinds of a good show there
this week, and not an item on the bill
that does not catch the house for a hermy
round of applause. Kdna Baesett Mar
shall has a novel act, or rather her com
pany of juvenile dancers have It, for
they do most of the work and deserve
moat of the credit. The clever trio of
youngsters give what is supposed to be
a curbstone frolic, and .do some very
lively acrobatics and dancing to the music
of a hurdy-ffurdy. The name of the girl
in the group does not appear on the pro
gramme, but, judging from her vivacity
and her clever variations on the time
honored cakewalk, she will certainly
achieve prominence in the course of ttnie.
Mile. Emmy has as good a company in
her trained fox-terriers as one could wish
to see and makes them do all manner of
wonderful things. Another worthy feat
ure Is the humorous songs of Joseph New
man. They are absolutely new and far
funnier than any similar cluster of ditties
that we have lately been asked to listen
to, moreover he sings them with a clever
ness that cannot fail to make a hit.
James O. Barrows and company con
tribute a comedy entitled "Tactics," In
which incidents of the civil war are re
cited by a veteran of the Confederacy and
an ex-Federal. There is a love story
woven into the plot and the strategy of
the 'young people, who make use of the
enmity that exists between their respec
tive parents to further their own ends, is
adroitly handled and results in cementing
in friendship the warlike representatives
of the North and South. Tho description
of the battle of Gettysburg, as Illustrated
by the two old soldiers, is full of humor
and the moral that lies In the skit seems
to make a genuine appeal to the audience.
¦ Papinta cannot fall to give pleasure
with her luminous dancing. The effects
produced by the aid of many-hued lights
and the background, of mirrors are as
beautiful as they are varied. I can im
agine nothing more astounding to the un
sophisticated in Papinta s art than tha
Bpectacle of this marvelous combination
of light and color. It is worth any one's
time to see her performance and It bears
peeing a second time better than most of
the acts that go to compose that remark
able development of modern times called
vaudeville. PORTER GARNETT.
FAILED TO SECURE
CONVICTION OF HARRIS
DRUMMER IS PROMPTLY AC
QUITTED BY A JURY.
Was Arrested Because He Protested
Against Not Being Allowed to
Carry Parcels Across
the Bay.
After nearly nine months' delay the case
of Henry Harris, a drummer for (Jold
stone & Co., 109 Battery street, charged
with disturbing the peace at the ferry
depot, was tried before a Jury in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday afternoon, and
after three minutes' deliberation the Jury
acquitted the defendant.
Harris lives In East Oakland, and on
the evening of June 9 went to the ferry
carrying two parcels under his arm,
which he was to deliver, to customers of
the firm. The gatekeeper, C. P. Stod
dard, refused to allow him to pass, as
the company has a rule that no packages
of merchandise can be carried by a pas
senger on the ferries. Harris protested
and Stoddard called Policeman Callinan
and instructed him to arrest Harris for
disturbing the peace.
The case was prosecuted by Attorney
Kelly for the Southern Pacific and Attor
ney Davis represented Harris. Stoddard
testified that Harris had created a dis
turbance and Policeman Callinan testi
fied that Harris was speaking in an angry
tone of voice, but not sufficient to cause
a disturbance.
Harris and four witnesses— E. Lee. W.
Dameron. H. Moore and J. Royi — all testi
fied that he did not make any disturb
ance, but conducted himself in a gentle
manly manner, and the Jury believed
them. The Jury v/as composed of J.
Hardiman, I* O. Adams. G. B. Levagei,
E Ryan. C. K. Howe, F. Hanak. C. H.
Wadsworth. Louis Argner. H. Brune, C.
A. Marshall, L. M. Boukofsky and T. B.
Crosby.
INVITED TO COMPETE.
One Hundred Dollars Offered for the
Ablest Student Discussion of
Educational Problem.
BERKELEY, Jan. 24.— The University
of California has been notified that Its
students are entitled to compete for a
prize of $100 offered by the Cosmopolitan
Magazine for the best discussion of the
question, "Does Modern Education Edu
cate In the Broadest and Most Liberal
Sense of the Term?" The same offer has
been made to the students of Yale, Har
vard, Johns Hopkins, Michigan, Wiscon
sin, Princeton, Brown. Pennsylvania, Chi
cago, Cornell, Columbia, New York, Stan
ford, Notre Dame, Virginia and George
town universities. The winners of these
contests will then meet at Harvard In
May and compete for a further prize of
$300.
The Judges of the several home con
tests are to be the president of the In
stitution, a professor of English, a profes
sor of the classics, a professor of science
and five representative business men.
The Judges of the final contest will be
President Benjamin Harrison. Hon.
Thomas B. Reed. Hon. Theodore Roose
velt and William J. Bryan. The debate
at Berkeley will take place in March.
TWO-YEAR-OLDS START.
Yuba Dam and Cheesemite the Only
Favorites to Win at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 24.— The two
year-olds were given an outing to-day la
the Premier stakes at three furlongs.
Buda, Choice and Quiz were the only
ones who had ever faced the starter, and
Quiz, which won the last time out. w;ia
a strong favorite at 8 to 5. Sad Sam made
all the running and won by a nose In a
hard drive. The track was fast. Yuba
Dam and Cheesemlte were the only win
ning favorites. Results:
Selllnsr. one mile. Tuba Pam won. Baraterla
second. Free I-aiiy third. Time, 1:43.
Seven furlongs, Mlserlcorflla won, Turney
second. Dr. Hannle third. Time, l:?.i'i.
Handicap steeplechase, short course, Ch*»ese
mite won. Brakeman second. Van Brunt third.
Time. 3:23.
Premier stakes, two-year-olds. thr»c furlones.
Sad Sam won. Buda second. Choice third.
Time, :35«4.
Handicap, one mile. Miss Mac Day won. Ton
Mlddleton second. Compensation third. Time,
l:40H-
Selling 1 . on» mile, Rndci won. Elderim sec
ond. Cathedral third. Time, 1:42.
SAFE CRACKER FROM
ARIZONA ARRESTED
MAN SUPPOSED TO BE E. J
TAYLOR IN THE TANKS,
"Wanted for Blowing Open a Safe and
Carrying Away Its
Contents.
A safe cracker from Arizona was ar
rrsted at the general Postoffice yesterday
\,y Detectives Whittaktr and Byram and
Policeman, Maurice Behan Jr. and lodged
In the tanks at the City Prison.
January 10 the safe in the store of Vic
tor B. liluri & Co., Globe. Ariz., was
blown open' and six checks drawn by the
Old Dominion Copper Company of Ari
zona on the Bank of California for $300
t,tolen. On Monday acting Chief Blggy
received a dispatch from Sheriff Arm
strong of Globe asking him to arrest the
run-on or persons presenting the stolen
checks at the bank for payment.
Detectives Whittaker and Byram and
Policeman Behan were detailed on the
case and they learned that on Monday
morning a man had presented the checks
for payment, but while Paying Teller Sam
Bf-avt-r was investigating the checks the
rn'in slipped away, leaving them behind.
also an envelope bearing the name Ed J.
Taylor.
The detcrtlvcs decided to watch the jren
*>r«il delivery window at the Postofflce.
Tuesday a "man answering Taylor's de
pr.rijiilo'n was seen in the Postoffice corri
dor, hut he left without inquiring for any
letter. Yesterday about noon he returned
rrirf risked if there was a letter for E. J.
Taylor. He was promptly arrested by the
officers', who overheard his question. He
denied that he was the man who went to
ifcr- bank and said his name was John
Hfyninur-and that he way a miner from
Montana. He was later identified by two
parties who faw him In the bank. Sheriff
Armstrong v.-as notified of the arrest.
MIDWEEK NOTES
AT THE THEATERS
The James-Kldder-Hanford combina
tion will present "The Winter's Tale" to
night and again on Friday, "Hamlet" for
Saturday matinee, "Macbeth" for Satur
day night and "Othello" for Sunday night.
"The Rivals" will begin the third and last
week of the engagement on Monday night
and It will be repeated on Friday of next
week. There is to be a special matinee
next Wednesday at which "The Winter's
Tale" will be presented. "The School for
Scandal" Is announced for next Wednes
day night and for the farewell matinee on
Saturday. There will be performances of
"The Winter's Tale" on next Thursday
and Saturday nights. "Othello" Is an
nounced for Tuesday and "Macbeth" for
the closing Sunday night.
"In Paradise" as presented by the
Frawleys has met with such success that
It will be continued for another week.
The California Theater is being crowded
at every performance of this lively French
farce.
"Lord Chumley" has only three more
performances to run at the Alcazar—to
night, to-morrow matinee and evening.
"I'eaceful Valley" will be revived to fol
low. Ernest Hastings will play hia orig
inal character of Hosea Howe.
Although the Tivoli made arrangements
to produce "Manila Bound" this month,
the success of "The Idol's Eye" has been
so great that no change will be made in
the bill for some time to come.
"The Queen's Lace Handkerchief" con
tinues to attract at the Grand. It will
give way on Monday to a revival of
Buppe's clever and popular comic opera,
"Boccaccio."
Next week at the Orpheum the new
comers will be Bruet and Revlere, the
Holloways, Sohlke's Pickaninnies and
Irene Franklin.
The advance sale for "His Better Half"
opens at the New Alhambra this morning.
The opening performance of this farce
comedy will be given Sunday afternoon.
Mile. Trebelll will give her second con
cert recital at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall
this evening. There will be another re
cital on Saturday afternoon next.
The first of the popular fortnightly con
certs of the Holmes string quartet will
be given at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall
next Monday evening. The sale of seats
will begin this morning at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s.
The second of the series of symphony
concerts under the direction of Henry
Holmes will be given at the Grand Opera
house next Thursday afternoon at 3:15
o'clock. The orchestra for this occasion
will number seventy musicians. Tho sale
of seats will begin at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s on Saturday morning.
The Constantinople Minstrels, that oc
casioned so much hilarity at tho Chutes
Theater last Thursday evening, will be
the feature of the amateur performance
again to-night.
FOUR SMALL RUNAWAYS
Start From Santa Clara County for Alaska,
But Only Reach Oakland.
Resume Work on Postoffice.
Whatever little difference that had ex
isted between the Cement Workers' Un
ion and the carpenters on the new post
office has been adjusted, and all hands
buried the ax yesterday and went to
work.
ROBBER HID IN AN
ABANDONED TUNNEL
Man Giving the Name of Joe Bush
Smoked Out of a Filthu Den
Near San Andreas.
MEMORIAL IN FAVOR
OF THE CANAL BILL
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— The Oakland
Board of Trade to-day forwarded to Con
gressman Victor H. Metcalf the following
memorial relative to the Nicaragua canal
bill:
At a recent meeting of the Oakland Board
of Trade the following resolutions were
adopted:
¦Whereas There is now pending before
Congress a bill providing for the construc
tion and control by our Government of the
Nicaragua canal: and
Whereas The completion of this inter
national waterway will greatly add to the
efficiency of our navy, increase coastwise
trade between domestic ports and the ports
of sister republics, promote commerce be
tween America and the world at large,
open up to us Oriental markets and solve
the question of cheap transportation for
Pacific Coast products; be It therefore
Resolved, That the Oakland Board of
Trade urges our Senators and Representa
tives in Congress assembled to use every en
deavor to secure the early passage of tho
bill In question. Tours truly,
OAKLAND BOARD OF TRADE.
E. W. MARSTOX. President.
CRAIGIE SHARP. Secretary.
SAN ANDREAS, Jan. 24.— Yesterday afternoon George A. Stewart and
John Sefford of this place discovered a trail leading into an old abandoned
tunnel at Yacqule Camp, about two miles from here, and further examination
disclosed the den of a human being at the bottom of a chute 100 feet from
the entrance. The tunnel is all caved in and ingress in many places can only
be gained by crawling on the hands and knees. In the darkness a man could
be seen lying on a bed of rough boards. By the time a light was secured the
man got out and retreated to a drift In the further end of the tunnel. By tns
bed was found clothes, coal oil lamps, plenty of provisions and giant powder
and caps. The place was damp, the air foul and the odor from drying table
refuse nauseating. At first It was believed to be occupied by an insane man,
as it seemed impossible for any human to exist there, or possibly by a des
perate criminal, as a number of miners' cabins in the neighborhood had been
robbed of late.
The man would not come out and made no reply to questions. No one
dared go In after him. His bedding was set on fire, giant powder exploded in
the tunnel, a fire built at the entrance to smoke him out and a guard placed
at the opening. This morning, unable to stand the smoke longer, he came
out and was captured by Joe Marshall and turned over to Constable Oneto.
He gave the name of Joe Bush, and said he had lived In that hole for three,
months He is believed to be wanted for a serious crime, as he hides his
face from everybody. . Evidence of many burglaries was found in his posses
sion.
CHRISTIAN DAILY IS
ASSURED OF SUCCESS
Much Interest Taken Throughout
Kansas in the Special Church
Edition of the Capital.
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 24.— The immedi
ate and extraordinary response of the
public to the announcement in the As
sociated Press Monday morning of the
Sheldon edition of the Topeka Capital Is
indicated by the fact that Mr. Sheldon
and the Dally Capital have been deluged
with telegrams and letters from all parts
of the country asking for information re
garding the proposed plans for a Christian
dally newspaper.
Among the dispatches received to-day
was one from New York containing an
order for 10,000 of each Issue during the
week. Another order by telegraph asked
for 5000 lines of advertising space.
The first subscription order, which came
within twelve hours of the announcement
of the plan, was from Nebraska, for 100
copies of each issue.
Requests have come to the Capital from
over a hundred newspapers in Kansas for
cuts of Mr. Sheldon to be used In their
columns. Mr. Sheldon said to-day that
while he would receive no compensation
for his services. It had been stipulated in
the original understanding with the Capi
tal Publishing Company that should the
receipts exceed the expenses of his edi
tion a large part of the proceeds would
be devoted to missionary and philan
thropic work.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
903 Broadway. Jan. 21.
Thomas B. Freeman refuses to pay his
divorced wife alimony, and, according to
an affidavit filed in the Superior Court
this afternoon, boasts of his success In
defying the authority of the court.
In January. IW. Sarah Freeman was
granted a divorce by Judge Greene from
Thomas B. Freeman on the ground of in
fidelity. The defendant was directed to
pay $20 on the first of each month there
after for his wife's maintenance and
support, and there is now due $C 4 back
alimony*.
On the strength of Mrs. Freeman's affi
davit Superior Judge KUsworth issued a
citation directing the recalcitrant ali
mony debtor to appear before him on
February 5 and show causa why he
should not be punished for contempt of
court.
*lrs. Freeman's affidavit rerites that
she has been 111 and unable to arise from
her bed for the past several weeks; that
she has no means with which to pur
chase medicine and obtain medical assist
ance. She avers "that she has frequent
ly made demands on her ex-husband for
even small amounts, pleading with him to
do her Justice and have sympathy with
her deep affliction, and to contributn to
her anything he might feel able to gi\'e.
f>o that she might recover her health and
obtain employment, but defendant is deaf
to the voice of duty, and sneers at tho
majesty of the law; that he openly and
maliciously defies the court to punish
him for his refusal to obey Its orders.
"Defendant Is a hearty, able-bodied
man." continues the affidavit, "a first
class carriage-maker, capable of earning
the highest wages paid to his craft. He
resides at the Golden Eagle Hotel; that
he provides himself with every luxury,
dressing himself In the height of fash
lon, attends theaters and other places of
amusement, spends money freely and
flagrantly, and contemptuously refuses to
obey the court's order, boasting of his
success in defying the court's authority."
FREEMAN DOES
NOT THINK MUCH
OF THE COURTS
Refuses to Pungle Up
Alimony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 24.— Mrs. Lucy Crao'ley, a youns woman traveling
from her home in St. Louis to San Diego, saw her little child struggling in
the agonies of death on the overland train this morning and firmly refused
offers of medical assistance. "The Lord will take care of the child." she
said when the railway doctor offered his services^ Passengers traveling on
the same Pullman pleaded with her. but all to no avail. The woman's faith
in her particular brand of fanaticism was absolute and unwavering. The
child died at Barstow at 3 o'clock this morning.
There was much indignation among the passengers and criminal proceed
ings were threatened. Deputy Sheriff Werdln of Los Angeles County
boarded the train at Barstow and took the names of the train officials and
passengers, who expressed a willingness to give testimony if charges were
brought.
Mrs. Crawley. who Is an attractive woman of about 30 year?, boarded
the train at St. Louis with her three-year-old son. bound to San Diego. On
the road the child developed a violent case of pneumonia. Some motherly
women on the train took great interest in the sufferings of the little bairn
and offered suggestions and. a steady flow of good advice about household
remedies. Mrs. Crawley gave them to understand that she was placing her
faith on a higher power than hot mustard applications and foot bath*. When
the train got to Needles last night It was plain to be seen that the child was
much worse, and two women— Mrs. C. P. Masters, bound for Anaheim, and
Mrs. T. F. Simpson of Inglewood— could stand it no long.-r. They simply
took the law into their own hands and Conductor Arthur Wild summoned the
railroad physician. The medical man was promptly snubbed. The mother
drew the curtains and refused to allow him to see the child. After the train
drew out the child's sufferings became worse, and when near Harstow his
gasping in the agonies of death caused the porter to look for a doctor on the
train. None could be found. Finally as the train rolled into Barstow death
came. The mother resented Deputy Sheriff Werdin's question?, but finally
told him her name— Mrs. Lucy Crawley— and that her home is in St. Louis.
The body of the child was taken from the train in Los Angeles and Is now
In charge of an undertaker.
Mrs. Crawley Said the Lord Would Take
Care of the Boy and Snubbed a
Physician.
REFUSED A DOCTOR
FOR HER DYING CHILD
Race War Imminent in
Alabama.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala,, Jan. 25.— News
has Just reached this city of a riot be
tween negroes and white miners at Coal
berg, a small st£i!on twelve miles out.
A negro was found dead In one of the
mines yesterday. The negroes believe he
was shot by a white man and are arming
themselves for vengeance. The white
miners have been hunting for them all
night.
The operator at the station left his
office, fearing that he would be killed;
NEGROES ARMING
FOR VENGEANCE
WOMEN VICTIMS
OF SWINDLERS
Robbed by Two Clever
Rogues.
CHICAGO. Jan. 24.— Government officers
to-day arrested Harry J. King and James
Prince, managers of the Chicago Em
broidery Exchange, on the charge of hav
ing swindled a number of women In all
parts of the country by advertising ex
tensively that women were wanted to sew
at home at a salary of J8 a week.
The correspondents were required to
make a deposit of $2 for supplies, and
when they sent this money they were
given a small lot of material to em
broider. This work having been done and
returned to Chicago, word was Bent that
everything was satisfactory, and that
further supplies would be sent on receipt
of $10.
Many of the alleged victims became
suspicious at this point and complaints
began to pour in on the postal officials.
The Inspectors say the mall of King and
Prince contained about 1000 letters a week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
RAISING NORMAL
SCHOOL STANDARD
Thirty-Sfx. Pupils Dis
missed by Faculty.
. ?
6peclal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan- 24.— Thirty-six pupils
were yesterday dismissed from the State
Normal School here by the faculty, each
being told they were not fitted for teach
ers and that they had not qualified In
their studies. This is the first time In
three years that such a cleaning out has
occurred, and it is evidently the first step
taken to raise the standard of students,
as decided on by the Board of Trustees
at the last meeting. Twenty-five of these
belonged to the first-year class and had
completed twenty weeks at the 6chool.
The other eleven belonged to the second
year class. Tills wholesale dismissal of
embryo teachers has caused a flurry
among the remaining 600 students, many
of whom fear the exodus will not stop
wherb It is. The last similar action of this
kind occurred four years ago, when less
than a dozen were dismissed. = ¦¦¦- :,&¦
The action was taken by the faculty
upon recommendation of the teachera of
the general classes.
Coming as it does upon two charges of
favoritism that have been preferred
against Mrs. Place, head of the training
school, by Mrs. M. P. Kelly and H. A.
Miller, the action of turning away these
throe dozen pupils will have a bad effect
upon tho school. Some of these pupils
liKewise complain of unjust criticism of
their examinations.
The annual graduation of the spring
class will be held at the Normal Friday
morning. At that time thirty young la
dies and one young gentleman will be
given diplomas. Gfcorge C. Pardee of Oak
land will deliver an address to the claas.
Tho graduates are as follows: J. Dora
C. Andreason, Cora Helk Dam, Eliza May
Drury, Mary B. Drury, Lois M. Esta
brook, Hugh L. Frazer, Cora Belle Fry,
Ara Lulu Gass, Laura F. Hathaway, J.
Alice Helwig, Ida I. Jackson, Esther T.
Lawler, Addie M. Lemon, Gertrude Helen
L<:wis», Mattie Livingstone, Ida A. Nohr
den, Nellie May Noyes, Margaret Q.
O'Connell, Mary Ada Parller, Edith R.
Plumb, Lucy M. Porter, Georgia H. K.
Rattan, M. Helen Ransom, L. Minnie
Rathbone. Martha A. Stewart, Sallle H.
Storrle, Mary E. Uncapher, Maggie E.
Weinert, Edyth Zumwalt, Mary B. Duff
and Clara Rodgers.
iwir imperial
i ffw'^' Hi he latest and bsst
cliff mTtfO ture's most nourish-
B^flTWW* Highly concentrated,
Bilffijl-^ P^ectly soluble—
ly«|| * with ALL th- merits
Hf!§|9 of the Dutch and oth;r
¦S^lia European Cocoas, a^deJ
[fllflfl to ereat;r FRESHNESS
B^^a —the original strength
B fpif and flavor unimpaired.
H fig/ H-lb packaces (50 cupt).
9 t§3 <0 eta. At crocera.
3 fSg] Made by th* manfrs. of
QJSji, Ghlrardei:r» Brr»akfa_st Coco*.
BITTER FAMILY
FEUD OVER THE
LERRI SISTERS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 24.
"I never want to go back to my mother.
She called me a dirty black thing and
paid she would throw me into the street."
These words, uttered by Cerenia
Lerri. aged 16 years, were virtually the
cause of aeicatine her mother's petition
to have two daughters, Cerenia and Ho
nora. aged 15 years, committed to Whit
tier Reform School.
Mrs. Honora Lerri is the widow of the
late Deputy Sheriff J. J. Lerri, who was
killed In the Mclrose powder explosion
about eighteen months ago. She alleged
that her two little daughters had become
incorrigible, so phe had them taken into
custody. She complained that they stay
out late of nights and run about. In
cidentally, the hearing of Mrs. Lerri's pc
tlon before Judge Ogden revealed a bitter
family feud between Mrs. Lerri. on one
side, her tv> half-sisters. Mrs. Alice Slat
tery and JtxTs. Lulu Phillips, and her
mother-in-law, Mrs. John Miller, on the
other.
All of the other women were opposed
to sertng the girls go to a reformatory,
Mrs. Miller, mother of the late J. J. Lerri,
being -particularly bitter. "I did not won
der the children are going wrong, for they
are simply following their mother's exam
ple." she exclaimed once during her tes
timony. "1 believe that when my son
went out to the powder works he did not
intend ever to come back. He wanted to
get rid of his life and miserable surround
ings. If Mrs. I*erri will pay me what
money I loaned to my son before ho was
killed I will gladly furnish a home for
the girls."
Mrc Lerri admitted that sho had been
left $5000 by her late husband. She owns
a grocery and carpet-beating works and
has 11000 in bank, but said she did not
feel able to pay anything toward the sup-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Jan. 24.
FOUR boys were arrested on tho
Oakland water front last night,
claiming that they were on their
way from San Jose to Alaska. They
were well dres.«e<J, and when searched at
the Oakland City Prison were found to
have revolvers, knives, playing cards and
crap dice on their persons. The boys gave
their names as Charles Moore, Steve de
Costa. Richard Howard and Robert Hol
man. and claimed that they had run away
from different homes in the neighborhood
of San Jose in order to make fortunes in
the Cape Xome country. They ranged in
age from 12 to 15 years, and the arrest
was caused by the fact that the boys got
into a quarrel over a dollar and attracted
the attention of Policeman Powers, who
arrested them upon general principles.
Young Moore claimed to be the son of
the chief of the San Jose Fire Depart
ment.
In preparing for their Alaskan voyage
the boys sreured a 22-callber pistol, a lot
of cartridges, a deck of playing cards
and a new pockftknife witii a long blade.
The pistol was dropped behind a table in
a Japanese restaurant on lower Broad
way, where they were arrested, but the
other articles were found In their posses
sion. Later the pistol was recovered.
De Costa is a bright little chap, rather
small for his age. but he was easily the
leader of the quintet. He told rather a
pathetic story to the police, but he
seemed fully able to take care of himself
wherever he might be placed.
"I lived with my mother and sister at
San Jose," he said, "and about two years
port of her children in any institution to
which they might be sent.
Judge Ogden stated that the county
owed something to the father of the girls
for his brave act at the Mcl rose explo
sion and it would not be right to tax the
widow for their support in a reforma.
tory.
At the conclusion of tho hearing Mr*.
Slattery agreed to take care of the
younger girl and Mrs. Phillips agreed to
pay for the support of the other if the
grandmother would provide a home. To
this. Judge Ogden consented and so or
dered.
DE CASTELLANE AGAIN
ATTACKED BY FIGARO
Editor Says That the Count Is Prov
ing by His Actions the Truth
of the Charges.
PARIS. Jan. 25.— The Figaro publishes
this morning a fresh cablegram from
Count Bonl do Castellan© to M. de
Rodays, its editor, to which It appends
the following:
"Spurning with our feet the insults, we
find but one thing in this document— that
De Castellane energetically refuses any
intervention of the Inspector of Finances
in his adventure. We are now enlight
ened respecting his desire for light.
"He seems, moreover, to reproach us
for the outlay of the 200 francs which his
dispatch cost him. This is already the
commencement of a confession.
"There cannot fail to be surprise that
Gould's son-in-law should become so
careful In money matters. It needs but
little to Induce nim to demand that we
reimburse to him his 200 francs. Decid
edly he cannot have grown richer Jrst
recently."
The Figaro also prints a cartoon by Her
man Poul. entitled "The Arrival at New
York." This represents a customs official
searching a passenger. The official says:
"What Is In your satchel, M. le Comte?"
The passenger replies: "This is money
I am taking to my brothers-in-law."
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— Count de Cas
tellane to-day sent another long and abu
sive dispatch to M. de Rodays In response
to a shorter ' dispatch received by him
from the editor earlier in the day.
It is probably the excessivo liabilities
that make marriage a failure.
apo I found I would have to do some
thing to assist them. As I could sing and
dance, I went to San Francisco and did
a turn at the Chutes. Then I went to
Seattle, where I worked as a vaudeville
artist for several months. Hearing- there
was a chance for a boy in my line in
Alaska. I went to Skaguay and cleared
up $400. Then I came home, gave the
money to my mother and in a few months
made another trip to Alaska with similar
success. In one night on the steamer be
tween Seattle and Skaguay I made $70
singing and dancing. I left home this last
time with my mother's consent, but I
suppose the other boys ran away from
home. I intend to continue on my Jour
ney as soon as I am released."
Chief Hodgklns has notified the author
ities at San Jose, and it is probable that
all except De Costa will be returned to
their parents.
9BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
m*f?INnSS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Ten. corner of Market and Third etreets, open
ur.ttl 12 o'clock every night in the year.
nUANCII OFFICES-^l7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:53 p. m.
jno Hayes rtreet: cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
CSS McAllister Ftreet: open until 9:30 p. ra.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IS4I Miyclon Ftreet; open until 10 p. ra.
1261 Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth; open
ortil S p. m.
K6 Eleventh street: open ur.tll S p. ra.
Jf<>6 Valencia Ftreet; cpen until S p. zo.
1C23 Polk ftreet; cren until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-pccond and Ken-
tucky Ftrects; open ur.tll 9 p. m.
BIEKTIXC NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lod:r» No. 1. F. and A. *
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) J^
EVENING. Jan 25, at 7:30 ->vi..ck. *£ If
First degree. Hy order of the Master, i^r '
FRANKLIN li. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Chapter No. 7?. R. A. M.— «
Sl«»cial meeting THIS (THI.'HSIMT) _ft^
I S'lN<». at 7:31 n'clock. at Mi«sicnJt2C
Masonic Temple. 26CS Mission st. Royal / >
fcrcn degree. By order of the 11. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Bee.
i^HTH Ban Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. M
And A. M.. meet? THIS EVENING. _/%-
nt 7:30 o'cl * k. Bj • rder of the M:'.s:<t. JKJf
E. C. HARE. Secretary. I^7 x
IKIRIC LODGE No. 216. F. and A. M— a
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/\_
:VENING. at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- iKX
4:ri-o. .Master Masr.ns .-ire cordially in- ? '
vited. By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
YEEBA Puena Lode* No. 15. I. O. ->£"_K£*.
n r\-Initiat! n THIS (THURS- SjeZSEs
DAY) EVENING. Visitors wel-
come. J. D. SCHLOEN. N. G. T '"?
J. OHLSON. Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. F. _*Sg|B**h b
—Initiation of candidate* T!ns s&aa3M
EVENING. Visit rs :.r- cordiallj -«^^S??
Invited. -*F»»
FRED D. ASHWORTH, N. G.
ADOLPHUS E. GRAUPNER. Rec. Sec.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v S^.
¦ Ib meets THIS iTHURSDAY) 3ki, &JO
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. C 2 "t^Xlf
O'Farrell St.. at 8 o'clock. Klec-
tion of games committee and "smoker."
JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
A SPECIAL meeting notice— To all members
of B. and M. I. I. No. 1. Cal. : Meeting is
called to settle the question of disbanding !
and Fettling all accounts. To meet at »d- !
eration Hall. 1159 Mission St., on Jan. 25, IiOO,
at f p. m. By order <if members.
WM. D. Pl-KENS,
G. HEISCH.
W. F. REDMOND,
HARRY TURNER,
JOHN HUNTER.
GEORGE O. CONNER,
DANIEL OCONNER,
E. F. LOGAN.
IFRAELITIPOHER Frauen Verein— The annual
meeting of the members of this society will i
be held on THURSDAY. January 25. i:*TO. at i
2 p. m.. at the veFtry rooms of the Temple
Emanu-El. The annual reports of the offi-
cers will be read and such other business
transacted as vrill come before the meeting.
By or(Je:| MEYER IL LEVY, Sec.
ANNUAL meeting. — The postponed annual i
meeting of the stockholders of the KILAUEA
FVOAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be j
held at the office of the company, No. 127 i
Market street, San Francisco. California, on j
THURSDAY, the SE'.h day of January. 1900, j
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
poee of electing a board of directors to serve j
for the «-nsulng year, and the transaction of \
»uch ether business as may come before the
tneetirg. Transfer bocks will close on Satur-
day, January 13, 19C0. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. EHKLDON, Secretary, j
'HE r*T"ular annual meeting of the stockhold- I
«rs of the UNION TRUST COM- •
PAICY cf San Francisco, will be h*ld I
et the office of the company in the Union !
Trust Company's building, corner Montgom-
ery, Post and Market Ft?., San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the fifth day of February, ;
1900, st the hour of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the i
liUtTOf? of eWting a board of directors to i
f-rve for the following year, the amendment :
cf the by-lar.-« of the company and the trans-
action of Ftich other buslr.ess as may come
before the m«-tlr.r.
__W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
THE annual mooting of th» membership of th<s
Workmen'? Guarantee Fund Arsoclatlon will
take place at its cffW. room 63, Flood build-
ing. TUESDAY EVENING, Jan. SO, at 7:30
o'clock. 11. G. PRINCE. Sec.
ANNUAL Mf<-tlr.e.— Th" snr.ual m^tinir of
the lot owners in th» Mason:c Cemetery will
t>» held at the >!ascnl<- Temple on TUESDAY !
AFTERNOON. February C. 1900. at 2 o'clock. I
for th» election of three trustee? and such
business as may l<rrsll>- come before It.
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
CHEAPEST and br-Ft In America— The Weekly
Call. 1« paces. f»nt to any adripp^s In tha
Cntt_a Ftnrp=. pa_tP-M. for Jl r»>r year.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASERY of Esypt. greatest astnlo-
tlst «nd palmist in the world: satisfaction
Vi-"-*n««'>v'.. 4" Gr\\<>r-n Oat" aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without fuccpss; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no chars* unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market St.. opp. Mason.
T. H. MERZBACIL attorney at law. has n-
FumM practice at V 2 Cal. Ft.. Clunle b\Ag.
L. fi. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels bids:.. 927 Mar-
k*t Ft.: cn^sultatir.n fre»: no fees in advance.
HOARD AM) ROOMS.
VAN NESS aye.. 1714— Select private boardinß-
hous>e can accommodate a few more jmests;
everything first class and homelike; fashion-
able location: references.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elefrant
new furniture; flrrt-class In every respect;
table unsurpassed; hot and cold water: ele-
vator; Fult*»s, with board for 2, J5O month up.
NEW family hotel: flret-claes in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. FO7 California et., uccupylng-
corrirr eppoyite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ry eu'tes; best board; 2, «50 up; single, JI2 50.
HAIOHT. 122— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
LA? PALMAS. lf2o Market et.— Suite of 2 or 3
nr.*.; private; bath; eln. rms.: board optional.
OTARRELL. 741— Clean, comfortable rooms;
irood home calcine: FpecJn.l rates to gents.
HOARDING FOR CIIILDRBN.
TO board— An Infant cr praall child: 919 per
rr^r.th. ?T> Tyerirrtrm nve.
HOOKS SEW A.\D OLD.
ECHOOL COOKS botirbt and exchanKedT
Hnlmes r.ry,k Co.. 7<M Mission Bt.. near Third.
nOOT AND SIIOi; BARGAINS.
CLEA ItAN^C^FAI J^GRE aV7^DUCtToNs!
K Men's rorular II 50 shoes Jl 13
Children' «¦ regular $1 o*< Fhoes 65 cts
I'fople'w Shoe Ptore. 13C3 Stockton, nr. Br'dw*y.
BUSINESS CHAACE3.
A— slsC0 — CORNER grocery In very beet part
lof the Mission; large stock; 1 horse, wagon,
cart; 75 order customers; place establlEhed
years and first-class raying;. Call R. O.
WILKE. 90S Ma.rk.-t Ft.
A CIGAR Ftore. connected with candy and Ice
rream parlors, on transfer point, close to
PowclJ and Port sts.; rert $20; first-class pay-
Ing; larjte slock; fine fixtures. R. G. WILKE
W6 Market s-t.
A-? 3".0; DAIRY produce and delicacy ftore,
with 3 living rooms; rent $12: a Rood-paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 90C Market.
A— tW; PARTNER wanted !n establ. butcher-
*hop; owner wants honest asHi&tant; knowl-
edge of business cot necessary. K. G. WILKTS I
!<(« Market Ft.
i-$I50; PARTNER wanted In chop and coffee
house; lively country town; place clearing $60
lor *ach partner. Call R. G. WILKE. SO6
Market et.
A-I1200; ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon on bent
transfer con.jr of this city; low rent: best
clast of cus-tom; place Jirst -class paying;
"»ner to attend to his ranch cause of sale
Call R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market Ft.
A— 11-ViO: FALOON en Market st., close to Sev-
<n«.h; r«nt net fSu; pplendldly paying place;
othrr <ngage?r.cnts cause of eale. U G
WILKE. M)fi Market ct.
A— ICO: JSAKKRY near McAllister St.; estab-
RJlshod year?; all store trade; large stock-
rent 125: 4 years* lea^e; li barrels per day.
Call R G. WILKE. fOG Market gt.
J22uO — ELEGANT corner ttore and modern 6-
room cottage: rents $20; cost $3500; $1000 will
take it. KUEDO & CO.. 22% Geary hu
$3100— OHOPHOUfin: best in city;; 1 block from
market; receipts t*~> daily; trial Riven; present
owner 5 year*. KREDO & CO. 22',± Geary st.
J.VM — PARTNER: transfer and storaire: money
secured; rare chance. Kredo & C0..22V4 Gear}'.
JIW"O— DRA YING express; only one In town of
4000 population; $10,000 yearly. KREDO & CO.
AN exceptional opportunity for a business man
with $1000: rxperience unnecessary; will
Ftiind investigation. GALE & BENSON. 220
Parrott building-
A— *2oo; HOME restaurant In Alameda; Mr
trade; fixtures cost more than asked; sick-
oea*. GALE & BENSON. 320 Parrott bids.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
ATTENTION. SELLERS!
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise It free for you.
I want no exclusive contract.
Have buyer waiting with cash.
I cell city and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market gt.. opp. Fifth.
BRANCH bakery and notions $250
P.akery; large oven; fine business I.£h>
Teaming business; clears $400 Z.<*W
100-acre ranch; 6 room house; $1000 cash. 3,200
Bakery In Alameda; $25 per day n WO
lloum and lot: Hayes st.; lot 25x137:6.... *,600
Hotel And bar; country town; 72 rooms..
Grocery and bar; clears $150 <w
Saloon; cash register; clears $200 «w
Candy store: corner: S rooms -JJJ
Faloon on Howard st *^
Saloon: corner on Folsom 5t....^... •••••• ¦dr
200 BARGAINS THAT I DO NOT AD-
V^ RTIS CC E ALL. I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. t lftn.
BUSINESS investments, real t state; any prop-
osition you want to buy or sell; we are out
for business, so are you; money saved l is
money earned; we do both. lAC 11' U,
STATES REALTY CO.. 320 Parrott building.
FINE saloon near Market, doing large busi-
ness, will be cold cheap: Investigation solicit-
ed. Pacific States Realty Co.. 320 Parrott bldg.
BAKERY in town near San Francisco doing a
fine cash business; large stock; good fixtures;
horee and wagon; cheap rent; trial B»ven;
great eacrtfice. JONES &. CO., 565 Market st.
$175^DELICACIES and dairy produce; value
In slfrht; fine location. JONES & CO.. b65
Market ft. ,
A— SSOO— CORNER grocery and bar: best loca-
tion in the Mission; well established; doing
good business; nice clean stock; good value
for the money. Stenberg Co.. 26^ Kearny st.
FIRST-CLA.SS restaurant; doing fine business;
ti e bargain. COWING & CO.. 1130 Market st.
CORNER Erooery; full stock; sickness cause.
See COWING & CO.. 1130 Market Bt.
$350— PARTNER In saloon; will take part cash;
chance for steady man. 79 Third et.
$125— MAN to open oyster and chop house with
experienced cook. 79 Third et.
$200— CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LA UG HLIN & CO.. 777'- Market St.
FOR rent— Large basement saloon; fine location
downtown; 'newly fitted up; electric lights;
low rent- furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
Inquire WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
bldg.
i CITY Business Exchange. 79 Third St.— s2so, sa-
loon, fine fixtures. 3 wine rooms; $125, nice
little restaurant and paying well; rooming
houses from $300 to $1500. We have s^me
good grocery and bars.
A BRIGHT active party, up-to-date, to take
half interest in an established business; pay-
ing; closest Investigation; bank references;
Email capital required. Box 4170, Call office.
$500— SALOON and lunch house; best location
among factories in the Mission; 4 living
rooms; satisfactory reasons for selling. Ap-
ply box 2553. Call office.
i FOR Rale cheap— Well-established coffee par-
lor and restaurant: good location; sickness
i cause of sale. Apply 2038 Howard st.
DENTAL office; first-class; central; must b«
sold: terms easy. MACDONALD. 6 Eddy St..
room 107.
! FOR 6ale— A shoe ehoo; established over a
y*ar; good stand; reasonable price. Call at
I tailor shop. 106 Golden Gate aye.
' FOR rent In Petaluma— An old-established 6a-
loon; beet location in town. See owner at
I 1557 Folsom fct.
SALOON in wholesale district: cause sickness.
Inquire M. BLUMENTHAL C 0. .-658 Mission.
LARGE store. EE feet deep. 14 feet high: busi-
ness location; 2 living rooms. 151 Second St.
! BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
j 438 Third st.
j WANTED— Cheap rooming-house for cash. C.
HANSEN. 902 Folsom St.
NEAT restaurant, good location, for sale. Ap-
I>ly 207 Grant aye.. saloon.
1 BARBER shop and cigar store for sale, on cc-
i count owner going Cape Nome. Box 4173. Call.
PLACER ground on Molcelumne River that will
nay $C'«) i>er day; can dredge to bedrock: ma-
chinery In course of construction; will sell
third interest for $10,000. Call 2 to 4 p. m.,
1-16 Market St.. room .'.«.
100-ROOM bouse for sale or exchange for lodg-
ing house in Chicago or other business; no
agents. Box 2522. Call office.
PARTNER or promoter wanted, to Introduce
U. S. patent; have a complete working model
in operation: big money. Box 1075, Call.
J4O—SHOE shop for pale; established 3 years;
worth $100; sickness the cause of Belling. Cor-
ner Nineteenth and Castro eta.
$300 — MEAT market for sale; paying, cash busl-
nffs: eplendld opportunity for man and boy.
Box 2552. Call.
OLD established wagon-making and horseshoe-
ing business; 15 years present location: cheap
account of death of owner. 22 Cortland aye.
FOR PALE— Corner grocery and bar; must be
sold on account of departure. Call or address
140 Fifth st.
$4Cirt — a FINE paying restaurant: receipts $25
dally; selling on account of going to Alaska.
tO6 Howard st.
CIGAR Merc— Doing very good business; owner
forced to cell. 201 California st.
FOR sale cheap— Well established corner saloon;
Flckners cause. Particulars call 525 Market.
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for sale.
Box 6, Oakland PoFtofflce.
$75 MONTHLY to partner with $C 00: genteel
manufacturing buslr.ess. Rchottler, 632 Mrkt.
FOR rale — A crockery business with good, well-
establifhed coaloll route, in a larpe suburban
town: present investment about $40C.0; would
accept San Francisco property in exchange.
For particulars apply to F. W. DOHRMANN.
13f Sutter st.
WANTED— Partner In buplness established 24
yenr? in Oakland; pays from $400 to $500 per
month: $7500 capital inquired, which will be
fully secured by good real estate; no chance
of loss; must be a business man, competent
to keen books and collect bills. Call or ad-
dress Call branch office, Oakland.
FOR rent — To an up-to-date man with experi-
ence a furnished hotel and race track in
Eureka, Cal.; located on main traveled road
and good chance to make a nice paying busi-
ness. Apply to J. G. LOVEREN. Eureka, Cal.
CORNER erocery and bar; best business loca-
tion: cash trade; sickness compels owner to
retire: investigation solicited; sacrifice. Box
7C93, Call office.
$150— SALOON and grocery store; must sell at
pnee; good location. 921/ 4 Howard st.
FOR sale — Coffee and chop house; newly fitted;
doing good business. 5 Polk st.
TOOLS, stock, fixtures of a palntshop for sale;
cheap. Apply at shop, 926 Washington Bt.
$1750 CASH; corner grocery and bar: fine stock;
good location. Inquire 300 Hayes st.
PLUMB I N d shop; well established. 605 East
Twelfth St., Kast Oakland.
$1550— 19 ROOMS newly furnished; rent $75; $600
cash down, halance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. o, 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch office. 2200 Klllmore t».
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 3 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fts.: cpen until > p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery or laundry wacon, 8-can milk
wagon, 2-seated spring wngon, 2 grocery or
delivery wacons. 22 Cortland aye.
FOR sale — Fi.-jst Brewster Victoria. coup« and
j family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutler st.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts and har-
ness, wk. He driving horses. 15th and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & BON. 2117 Mlslon st.
JOO BETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, eurreys and horses. 1140 Folsom Bt.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
W —EN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-bcat-
lng Works, 3C3-X7 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning. !c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
' J. McQUEEN'S Californa Carpet Cleaning Co.,
1 453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
1 CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'B. S Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
CO:;kLIN*S Carpct-beatlng Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
Mrs. J. J. Whitney, spiritual clalrvoyant.trance
test, business medium, life reader; stamp for
circular; sittings dally, $1. 1104 Market at.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 11.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction; readings this week 25c 230 A Turk.
CLAIRVO^AJVT^AN^^PJRjITJUAL^SjM.
X^p^ofessor~mayT
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
' most skeptical ; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection; If in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you: mediums developed in from 3 to 6
months; letters containing three questions and
) Jl answered: hours. 9 to S: Sundays. 10 to 2.
I MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
i fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
I ters. 8 Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
t MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
, ralmlFtry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
1 MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
1 605 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
I MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings daily. 212>4 Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings. 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
230 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
, CATHERINE DEAN, returned: scientific card
reader. SS9 Howard St.. cor. Sixth, office 23.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 944 Howard
St., 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hua-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrcll at.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less Euccessful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages; 4 and 6 rooms; basement,
yard, stable. 1576 Fifteenth st.. near Dolores.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe 7Jnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 80c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-color»d plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60c: crowns, J3 00: all work
f>a!n:es3 and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
ors. 24 Sixth at.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plfWes our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours:. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $S; received 8 first
prizes; no t-tudents; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2J5 Kearnv, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. C. H. CUMMINGS, 233 Valencia; dental
work reas.; painless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
VAX VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk Et.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: S graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
A i:
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $150; all
.-inlmals treated; dogs hoardf-d. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.: dreisea
made, $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MofCat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALTHS B^uslnesTcollegeT24 Poet ; st?. s" F^
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engl-
peerlng. etc. ; m-w KO-page catalouiae free.
A SCHOOL In physical culture and swimming
for young rr.en, young ladies and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
fait water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted: most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculations. Tarr. exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 122 C Market Et.
ENGINEERING school, civil, ei'-ctrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archi.; day and even.;
est. 1X64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market et. ; life
scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
A— SINGING, piano, French, Spanish: Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-8.
LAW schools, 527 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
CLASSES in German, French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher. 904 Taylor.
SECURE nn experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 100S Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. O. Barrett, 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ACTINO and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hailett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln Bt., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. 30 Geary St.. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post st., near Powell. GEO.
AOKI, telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
best help. 414«-^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED KEMALB.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires position;
6 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, C 2'» Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress desires situa-
tion; best of references. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter Bt.
YOUNG housefirlrl, good cook, 7 years' refer-
ences: also a Swedish second girl. 2 years last
place. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter Bt.
A SWEDISH woman wishes any kind of work
by the day. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter Bt.
SCANDINAVIAN woman, good cook, wishes
position: country preferred; wages $25 or $30
a month. Call or address MRS. NELSON,
f.66 Sutter Bt.
WANTED — A position as companion to In-
valid lady, or place of trust, by a lady of re-
finement and cheerful disposition; will travel
if required. Box 4597, Call.
A RELIABLE woman wishes a situation; Is a
good cook; would do downstairs work; city
«t country: references. Call 60S Jones st., nr.
Geary, downstairs.
COMPETENT person wants place as cook:
willing to assist, or general work in Bmall
family: wages $20 to $25. Apply 2415 Clay st.,
near Flllmore.
HOUSEKEEPER, neat American woman elder-
ly, wishes position; used to children; ftood
cook and laundress; references given; wagea
from $10 to $12 month. Call 26S Stevenson st.
A COMPETENT dressmaker; good cutter and
fitter; $1 50; dresses made over; quick work-
er. Address 4441 Twentieth St., nr. Eureka.
WANTED— l'osition by middle-aged, refined
lady as housekeeper; small wages. Address
325 Fourth Bt.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
work in small rept.nurn.nt or general house-
work: wages $10. 255 Stevenson St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
housework In family of adults; as;ed couple
preferred. Sl2 Howard st.
RELIABLE German woman wishes washing or
ironing or housecleanlng by the day. 29V4
Lily aye., near Franklin.
REFINED young lady wishes genteel employ-
ment: office work preferred; no canvassing.
Address box 4226. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress: $1 per day and car fare; no postals
answered. 637 C Minna St., near Eighth.
A YOUNG Swedish woman would like to work
by the day. 438 Chestnut st.
LADY wants position as nurse; terms mod-
erate. 1525^ Mission Bt. ; call bet. 11 and 12.
YOUNG girl wishes general housework in an
American family. Call 3902 Twenty-fourth bt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG competent woman with a child wishes
position as housekeeper: city or across the
bay; references. Call at 43S Tenth St., bet.
7 and 8 In evening.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer, who
fits exquisitely, desires work by the day In
families or at home.. 1127 Ellis St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmora st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established atthe
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. '
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALB.
RELIABLE^young man of good habits wlshea
position as nurse in hospital; two years' ex-
perience; good references and recommenda-
tions; understands work of any kind also
around Institution. W. A. MILLLR, 1324
Montgomery st.
YOUNG educated Japanese, ppeaks English
well, has long experience as domestic, desires
position in private family or store. Please
address G. C, 1329 Pine st. Methodist church.
PLUMBER, strictly first class, will work by
the day or week for property owner: has all
necessary tools; city or country. Box 1005,
Call office. ¦¦¦ -,-• ¦-¦;-
TRAVELING salesman wishes to represent a
line Including hardware and paint. Ad-
dress W." P. O. .Box 116, San Jose, Cal.
SOBER American cook wants a position as
cook at a mine or lumber mill employing
about 20 men. Box 4896. Call.
YOUNG couple, American, want care of private
residence or work on ranch; country preferred.
209 Second st.
CAKE baker wants situation as second or third
hand. Box 1067. Call.
CARPENTER wants work. Box 4172 CalL
BUTCHER wishes steady work; city or coun-
try. Box 4174. Call.
YOUNO man. competent bookkeeper, and ac-
countant, would like position In some office;
city or country; is good penman and well rec-
ommended. Address E. M. L., box 1073, Call.
SITUATION wanted in a wholesale house by a
middle-a^ed German cooper: Rn all-around
good and reliable man. Box 4895, Call office.
AX elderly man would like a position as night
watchman or to do chores; wages very small.
1522 O'Farrell at.
GOOD competent young man wiEhes employ-
ment for outdoor or inside work. Address
box 1072, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as driver for
wholesale or retail house. Call 816 Montgom-
ery Bt.. or Tel. Davis 182.
GERMAN man wants work by the day as first-
class house and kitchen cleaning. Address
C. H.. 127 Turk st.
BARBER, 12 years' experience, wishes position
in small town. Address T. G. ADAMS, 204
Turk St., room 15, San Francisco.
$25 TO person procuring position for young
man of good habits as collector or any cleri-
cal or office work; good security; no triflers.
Box 1048, Call.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined: references unexceptionable. Address
box 4263. Call office. >
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions hns been established at the
northwest corner of Tv.-enty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange for something valuable: San
Jose residence property. A. K. SPERO. 2154
University aye.. Berkeley, Cal.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician;
German eye water by mall. 50c. 107114 Market
st.. San Franclrco; examination free.
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all eunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417 - Ihlrd Bt.
FIXE upper corner flat; 6 rooms and bath
(new) ;modern Improvements. 1211 McAllister.
IF you want to' move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat, 7 rooms
and bath; elegant view of bay and city. 3'i
Scott Et.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms. 210 Willow aye., above
Van Ness. •
TWO flats: 4 roms each: 1 flat furnished; 2
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
$6— TWO rooms and yard. 72GV4 Harrison st.,
between Third and Fourth.
KIIKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to look box 643. Lou Angeles. Cal.
FURNITUHE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St., near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 fO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUR N ITURE WANTED.
aTjFRED^WOLLI'ERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prlceß for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. 3353.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
AGENTS In each county on coast; permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER-
RICK, 1417 Brush 6t.. Oakland.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
12 waitresses, Pasadena, V* fare both ways. s2o
6 waitresses, Coronado, H fare both ways.. s2o
7 waitresses, Sacramento $25
10 waitresses, commercial and city hotels.. .s2o
Chambermaid to wait. $20; chambermaid, $15;
fancy lroner. $25: plain laundress, city, $20;
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
German cock. Alameda, $25; 2 Swedish house-
Blrls, $25; houseglrl. San Rafael, $23. see lady
here, 10 a. m. ; IS housefjlrla and girls to aa-
plst, $12, $15 and $18: 2 nursegirls, $12 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
WANTED— ParIor maid and waitress, $25;
German second girl, $20: second girl. $20, San
Rafael: German nurseglrl, $20; 5 cooks. Ger-
man style. $25; 4 restaurant waitresses, $6, $7
- a week; 2 restaurant cooks, $7, $10 a week;
English chambermaid and seamstress, $20;
laundrefs, $23, city: chambermaid and wait-
ress, $15, $^0. city and country; 50 girls for
housework, $20, $25. city and country. J- F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress for Alameda.
$20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook. $35, see party here
at 10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT colored girl, $20; general housework;
small family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HELP of all nationalities wanted to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
WANTED, by gentleman, neat young woman
for housekeeper; one who will appreciate a
llrie comfortable home; state age. wages and
where last employed. Box 4171. Call.
NURSEGIRL; apply after 10 o'clock, 223 Third
aye., between Clement and South California;
take Geary or Sutter st. car; $10-$l2.
FAMILY, 3 adults, desire girl for light house-
work: no washing: $S to $10; French preferred.
Call 12 to 2, ICO9 McAllister st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework: plain
cocking and washing; family of 3. 1521 Cali-
fornia St., upstairs.
WANTED— 3 girl compositors; straight matter.
Hayes Valley Printing and Stationery Com-
pany, 310 Hayes ___^
WANTED— 2 neat young ladles for light serv-
ices in country resort. Call or address 777H
Market st.. room 12.
GIRL assist with chamberwork; come prepared
to work, 9 o'clock. 969 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist light housework;
must sleep home; German preferred. 21 Hyde.
WANTED— A young girl for housework. Ap-
ply 2114 Green street.
GIRL to hell) general housework: sleep at
home; $10 per month. 500 Clayton st.
LADY BOlicltor; big pay. Call room 505, Call
building, between 12 and 1 p. m.
YOUNG girl assist In housework; small fam-
ily; $10. 333 Tenth aye.. Richmond.
EXPERIENCED cream dipper; good position
to right party. Call at 533 Washington et.
GIRL for light housework; plain cooking; i in
family. Apply 532 Lyon st.
HELP WANTED—FEMALE.
TWO cooks, $35 and $30; 2 second girls, $20 each;
nurseglrl, $15; houseglrl. Berkeley, $30; Oak-
land, $25; 6 housegirls, city, $25 and $30. MRS.
NORTON, 31S Sutter st.
YOUNG woman to operate machine In public
place; must be attractive. Call 519 Eddy st
WANTED— Reliable girl to take care of child.
Call at 2110 California st.
IWO girls help In dining-room, do washing;
good wages. 607 Twentieth; Kentucky-st. car.
NEAT German girl to assist with housework
and children. 1202 Folsom st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
1615 Scott St.
YOUNG girl, light housework; no children. Call
after 10 a. m.. 647 Halght st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; also finisher;
must make buttonholes. 956 Mission st.
WAITRESS wanted at 704 Larkln st.
WANTED— Neat young girl for housework;
wages $15. 710 Hyde Et.
LADIES as agents; good Inducements. 1027V4
Market st.
GIRL to cook; 3 In family. 1929 Butter St..
near Flllmore, between 10 and 12 a. ra.
GIRL, light housework; sleep home; $2 per
week; no washing. Apply 562 Mission st.
WANTED— Woman for general housework. Call
627 O'Farrell:
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove sts.
COMPETENT girl to care for children and as-
sist light second work; $16. Apply 233 Third
aye., Richmond district; Geary street car.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework and
plain cooking. 612 Halght st.
YOUNG girl wanted to assist with children.
1562 Post Bt., near Laguna.
YOUNG girl for general housework and plain
cooking; family of two. 2142 Sutter st.
GIRL to care for baby and assist. 113 Bartlett
street.
YOUNG girl for light housework; sleep home.
Call at 107H Colllngwood st.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and housework;
8 In family. 536 Union St.. corner of Taylor.
25 EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
also corder. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409 A Turk st.
SINGLE ladles wishing to Join a social club
send address to MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
WOMEN and girls on steam tower sewing ma-
chines; experienced or inexperienced. Shirt
Factory. 26^ Fremont St.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103S Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WASTED MALIC.
MTjR^AY^^ETD^YTTTrrrr?pIIONE^>IAIN 684S j
....Leading Employment and Labor Agents....
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE PAY FARE FOR
6 more laborers, no experience required, for
sawmills and woods and ship you to-day
teamster, road work, 75c fare $"6 and found
experienced orchard and vineyard man
$23 to $33 and found
foreman, piledrlver
2 and 4 horse scraper teamsters — $1 75-S2 day
stablemen, city $25 And found and $40
married man (German) as laborer for fac-
tory
blacksmith helper and wife $40 and found
blacksmith helper, city shop
farm and orchard hands.... s2o and $16 and fd
250 woodchoppers and tiemakers, 4-foot and
stovewood, $1, $150, ?2 50 and $3 cord; red-
wood ties 100, 15c each; tools and provisions
advanced. MURRAY & READY, 634-6C6 Clay.
3 GERMAN-SWISS milkers. Sisklyou County,
$25 and found; fare paid. MURRAY &
READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
WAITER, country hotel, north $25
washer, country laundry $30 and found
German grocery clerk; 8 hotel, restaurant and
boarding-house cooks, $30 to $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Gardener for gentleman's place
near city, $25 per month and found; refer-
ences required
miners $32 per month
woodchoppers
tiemakers shingle bolt makers
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WORKING foreman for ranch near city, $30 per
month and board; ranch teamsters for differ-
ent places near city. $25 and $26 and board:
man to milk 20 cows and make butter on
small private dairy near city. W. D. EWES
& CO., 610 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Barkeeper with experience In first-class ho-
tels or saloone, $75 and found; baker and sec-
ond cook, country hotel, $«0; night cook, $f.O;
head cook, $63; baker. $4.".. same country hotel;
3 waiters, $25, $30 and $40.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Teamster and scraper holders for the coast
road free fare; coal miners for New Mexico,
special rates of fare; woodchoppers. SOc to $1 50
a cord: 6 ranch teamsters, $25; hostler, private
stable. $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— Razor grinder. $20 week: man and
wife, private family, $.'.O; young Scandinavian
to drive milk wagon, $20: farmers for South-
ern California, Colusa and Santa Cruz coun-
ties; blacksmith's helper and finisher on car-
riage work, $2 25 a day; milker and choreman,
$23. J. F. CROSETT it CO., 628 Bacramento.
WANTED— Second baker, $9 to $10 week; res-
taurant waiter. $40: boy for Institution, 6
hours a day: cooks, waiters and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MAN and wife, $50, for dairy work: see party
here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment.n t. I__B________S_c_J_______e___________
WANTED— Steady man to attend bar and as-
sist in saloon; must be satisfied with $75 per
month and have $100 cash; experience not
necessary; must have help. 1016 Market st.,
room 10-
SOLICITORS wanted for the "Memoirs of
Dwlght L. Moody." written by his son and
assisted by Ira D. Sankey: published with
the authority of Mrs. Moody and family: only
book authorized or authentic: demand enorm-
ous: harvest time for agents: large profits;
credit given; freight paid. Address The Do-
minion Company. Dept. .L. Chicago.
WANTED— A few good men to operate motion
picture machines and give exhibitions In
churches, school houses and halls In your
own locality: big money can be made; no ex-
perience required. Send this ad and address
Drawer. 146. Chicago.
WANTED— TaiIor with $450 to buy paying busl-
ness; central location; double store building:
owner must sell account sickness. "Owner,"
1175 Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
YOUNG man of good appearance, experienced
in cuttlnc meats, for delicacy store., with ref-
e rence. 22V4 Geary St.. room 23.
WANTED— Young man. stenographer and type-
writer; must speak and write German; good
galary. 211 Montgomery st.
VIAN to work around ranch and milk; wages
small. Silver aye.. nr. Mission road.
WANTED— Strong boy, about 15 years, who can
figure. 106 Clay st.
WANTED — Second hand on cakes. Address 516
Hayes st^ •
GROCERY clerk, 18 or 20. understands horses;
German preferred. 200 Francisco, cor. Dupont.
RESPONSIBLE party for business chance de-
partment; salary. 927 Market St., room 202.
SOBER, experienced bedmaker wanted: wages
$20 and rot>m. Call G64V£ Howard st., 9 a. m.
SEAMEN and green hands to-day; cruise
Bouth. 327 Pacific st.
BLACKSMITH— Repairing and horseshoeing.
14th aye. and N st. south; Kentucky-st. cars.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. Apply People's
Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
COOK for boarding-house. SW. cor. Bay and
Webster sts.
YOUNG German, about 18, to work in grocery.
Address Box 4247. Call. •-
WANTED— Cook. 1012 Battery st.
WANTED— A sober German or French man;
doing porter work. 15 City Hall square, opp.
E!~hth St.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, blacksmiths and carpenters for
ships at HEP.MAN'S 26 Steuart st.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
BARBER wanted to buy 2-chair shop; cheap.
ADDIy 1119 A Folsom st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop at a sacrifice; must
sell; good location; $30. 320 Sixth st.
BARBERS— A complete three-chair outfit at a
bargain. Call at 911 Larkln Et.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 562 Mission St., between Ist and Zd sts.
¦WANTED — A young man willing to work two
hours a day in exchange for full course In a
, business college. Address box 1077, Call.
HELP WANTED MALE.
SALESMAN wanted— Successful subscription
book salesmen will learn of rare opportunity
by addressing or calling at 527 Market St..
room 622.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks;
day and evening class; special Inducement
this aeason; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only Institution in tho
world teaching the barber and halrdres3lng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco, New York,
Et- Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 210 per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes. Expert instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
ACTIVE boy; drive wagon, help In grocery;
wages $3 per week. Box 1073, Call office.
YOUNG man who resides In the Mission to as-
sist in waiting at table In cafe evenings.
Apply 1001 Valencia st.
BOY wanted to run elevator. Fairmount Hotel.
Market and Tenth sts.
WANTED— IOO men to try pur 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARO & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
2CO SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tha
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ets.: open till 9 d. ra.
A BRANCH office for the reception cf adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH olflce for Call advertisements a"nd
subscriptions has been established at 1008 Va-
lencia st.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horsa Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1€25 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
100 HEAD mares and geldings; 4. 2. 10 years
old; ICCO to 1400 lbs.: $40 to $100; mostly all
broke. At the Canty Ranch. Grayson. Cal.
TWO horses, an express wagon; good stand.
Inquire at 219 Tehama st.
WORK horse. $20: buggy, $2p; light wagon.
$23. 19 City Hu;i aye.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team, 16U; 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. aye.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
109-ROOM house: corner: clears $300 $2500
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 325
10 rooms; on Taylor; worth $SCO 450
22 rooms: corner: clears $150 1600
10-room flat; clears $150 50")
I WILL PELL YOU EITHER HOUSE IN
PAYMENTS TO SUIT.
Corner on Market: clears $400.. 104 rooms.. s4'oo
Near Call office; worth $2000... 29 rooms.. 1200
Mod. house; el-v. ; clears $5C0.. 84 rooms.. 7200
Easy payments; interest at 10
per cent; clears $150 32 rooms.. 1600
On one floor: clears $100 19 rooms.. 900
Flat: new furniture; rent $IJ.. 7 room*.. 350
Paying house; clears $150 23 rooms.. Br><>
Downtown; rent $25 21 rooms.. 325
New flat: rent $14 8 rooms.. 250
Market St.: rent $75 SS rooms.. S5O
Corner: only $300 cash 16 rooms.. SOO
Clearing $100: rent $50 26 rooms.. 55")
Boarding; corner house 32 rooms.. 2000
Hotel and bar: 63 boarders 59 rooms.. 400
K0 other houses. 3 to 500 rooms; SCO t0... 10.000
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1010 Market. opr>. Fifth St.
$250— 10-ROOM house near Market st. : clears $.'0
month: rent $20 month. BASII/i-*. 3 Eddy st.
24 ROOMS: new furniture: cost t3GO>V $15>00; J-i
cash: big bargain. C. D. DAVIS, 11M Market.
10 ROOMS; got to sell: mortgaged $2Z-y; cheap
at $s'X>. C. D. DAVIS, 1104 Market st.
30 ROOMS; good oak furniture; nice location;
$1000. C. I>. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
60 ROOMS; first floor offices; clears $SOO a
month. DAVIS. 1104 Market St.
$1600—29 ROOMS; all on 1 floor; $300 down: bal-
ance at 1 per cent per month; paying well.
$325 — 8 rooms': nice flat: on easy payments.
$S00 — 22 rooms; good location; $50 rent; easy
payments.
15 houses from $"00 to $2C0O: paying well;
good locations; easy payments.
A. R. E. & R. CO., 743 Mission fct.
$375 — Post, nr. Mason. $!2.'.O — Eddy. nr. Jones.
$10.000— Sutter, near $3,"i<<)— Powell st.
I'leasanton. $550 — 14 rooms down-
s4soo— CO- room corner. town.
A. M. SPECK & CO^, 667 Market st.
PRIVATE rooming house; 9 rooms, nicely fur-
nished: 7 rooms rented; paying $15 above rent:
no reasonable offer refused; rent J25. 1223
Folsom st.
$."00— HOUSE S rooms neatly furnished; all
rented: central location; rent $16. Box 4135,
Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE— S33 Broa<L»ay: 20 sunny
rooms: must sell on account of sickness.
23 ROOMS: all full; paying well; good reason
for soiling; rent $60. 420 Sixth st.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath, on Minna St.,
near Third. Address box 1012. Call office.
HOUSE, 8 rooms; bath: carpets: large lawn;
fine view: see it. 3932 Twenty-fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, pent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1935, between Laguna and Bu-
chanan Fts. — Elegant house of 12 rooms; bath,
servants' room, etc.; newly renovated. For
further particulars apply to O. H. UMBSEN
& CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
A M SPECK &CO 667 MARKET ST.
2SSS California; t r.514|1541 Eddy; 6 r $25
1705 Mason: 4 r $10 1.145 Howard: 5 r $19
*W7 Ellis; 10 r...517 501110 Natoma: S r $18
XEW— 6 rooms; modern: $25: Buchanan and
Greenwich sts.. or will sell $500 cash: balance
like rent. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Markt.
TO let— Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with Rtable In rear; 817
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX. 529
Merchant st.
NEATLY furnished house; 7 rooms and bath:
sunny Fide of street; nice neighborhood: $50.
1614 Golden Gate aye., bet. Scott and Devlsa-
dero sts.
FINE bay-window hous*. 7 rooms and bath;
high basement: fine flower garden: 1731 Bu-
chanan St., near Sutter. Apply at C 23 Golden
Gate aye.
LOVELY modern 6- room house: sun all day;
rent JlB. Key 734 Bush st.
GEARY, IMS, bet. Polk and Van Ness aye.—
House, 9 rooms and bath.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: lanre yard: rent $37 50.
HOUSES TO LET- — FIKXISHED.
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease;
centrally locnte<l; 5 bedrooms; large parlors;
music ancl dining rooms, etc. ; 10 minutes"
walk to Kearny st. : Inrgr grounds; rent $125.
Address, with full name, box lfC2. Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
FURNISHED house tmmediateiy?~near PafkT
at least S rms. "Responsible." box 1013. Call,
LOST ANO KOL.MJ.
LOST— On January I", white fox-terrier, named
Star; has two-black spots on rtght and one
on left side; also one shoulder black, one
black Fpct over the back of hind hips; fore-
head blark. with a reddish mixture. Return
same to Battery I. Third Artillery. Fort Wln-
11. -M Scott, and receive reward.
LOST— Fob locket, stone Intaglio, shield shaped;
contains blue print lady's head. Return to
CHARLES S. WHEELER. 532 Market St.,
and obtain suitable reward.
ON Market-st. car. 6:45 a. m., Wednesday, a
plated horse's bead umbrella: reward $10.
Return to BONELLI. 130 Powell st.
LOST— White greyhound bitch, with a brtndle
patch on left side of head; weighs about 43
pounds: had 2 blankets on. Return to room
413, Examiner building.
LOST— Dewey medal on Kearny st. Sunday;
name on ridse. Please return to 371 Minna
St.; reward.
LOST— Pair opera glasses at California Theater.
Return 12S Ninth' aye. and receive reward.
BROWN purse containing money and gold pen-
cil. E. BERONIS. 1032 Jackson St.; reward.
LOST— A bay mare. Return to THOS. Me-
GOWAN, 49 Rlchland aye.,; receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of HENRIETTE RAFELD. No. 223-713.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with tne HiDerma Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON ; No.
ISS-020. The finder will please return to bank.
MINES AND MIXING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers: quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 62 cents per share or monthly lnstnJl-
ments: send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California St.. room* 5-7.
MEDICAL.
"- - g' o lEfL^nT^Ty~7e7ia^lTiadlCT r 7h^
MRS. DR. J> c "£i a n*t of long and successful
treatment at office **. saie an M __
•ultation free. 1122 barker, si
eon «mljr_______ho urs - 9to 3'3 ' ¦
- . rnnnwiN* the well-known ladles* spe-
S4eTS^ M sus^RSsa
tl" C ln W S.yT&_______E___: St.. near M^oa.
¦ MPS Dn WYE-TH reliable ladles* physician
Iti snecialist- home for patients In confine-
kin: hours 10 to 5. 7 to 8. t
tvr r. w rVDON'NELL, the world-renowned
lad tes- IVecUllst: safe and reliable: has prac-
itced ln P |? F for years; treated thousand,
cf cases successfully: treatment can be_ usea
at home: consultation free: success guaran-
teed- Write or call at lC23'__Market st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market-Ladles 1 special-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office. $.; saf»
and reliable; consultation free: hours ID to s.
WOMEN'S medical and ourfflcal Institute; sci-
entific treatment: confidential; consultation
free. 12C6 Market. Murphy bids., rms. l-._l-_.
DR. POPPER, ladles* physician for 37 T c ? n '>
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 313 Kearny st.
DR. arid MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market: ladies*
physician; chronic diseases treated: late sclen-
¦ tlflc methods: cure guaranteed; treatment Jj.
DR. WISE, the ladies* specialist. 1113 Market
MRS. DR. OWYER. 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyda
and Larkln: hours. 10 to 12. 2 to ¦> and 7 to 1
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all di9-
>a»n of the human hody. 113 Mason at.
M ETA PHYSICS.
COLLEGE — Buggestlve therapeutics, telepathy.
occultism: free clinic Tues. evg. 305 Larkln.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS en<ine». 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. U's-IJ7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, stora and of-
flca furniture and fixtures; new and second-
band. J. NOONAN, 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission
St., above Sixtb.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirror*,
bought, sold and exchanged. lOCS Mission st.
A PAIR of turquoise cluster diamond earrings:
price was JS3: our price now $66. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
PLEASURE yacht for sale cheap. Apply 804
Third st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure; by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. SlO Golden Gate aye.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, tollers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons*. tn»
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
BAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. Th-»
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-U1 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced ta
$100; concert records. $2 £0. BACIQALUPI.
9.*3 Market ft.. San Francisco.
| A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Pop-
j ular Price Hatters. 3CO Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
DRESS cants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
j BOILERS engine?, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron & wood; Id-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and Fecond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. HENTHAM. ISJ2 Market at.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
oak: complete: cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engine*. H. S. White. 518 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 jammentu st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— 6 boxes of fresh ranch »t?ga every
week steady. Address box 2."27, Call.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds «»t curio*
and Philippine relics. 623 Dupont. nr. Calif.
JIO.VKV TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terras before doing business else-
where. It. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place tb obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.: tel. Main l«4i. Branch 13 Third st.
ANY proposition any amount: « per cent; first.
eecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, lecactes. life insurance; chattel
mortgages: conSdential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN.. room 16. first fioor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay; try all others, then sea me; $51
to $10O.C0O; 6 per cent: Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages.estates In probate.undivlded Interests In
estates.legacies and mortgages bought: advtca
and money furnished. P. A. Doian. 632 Markt.
MOST reliable place \o borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, Vi Sixth;
highest 'price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furnltur* an<J
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 120 Powell st.
AT 12« Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private plac*
to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture anJ pianos without removal, quick
service: money direct; lowest Interest. Roonvsi
6S and 63, Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and or*
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 2S Montgomery st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott building. *
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. «09 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
$50 TO $O.CCO; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortga.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaK»d and you need
more money Bf><» H. MI'P.PHY. K3O Market at.
MUSICAL INSTRt.MENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced Vlanos
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and hay« full purchase
pries allowed. We are selling new uprlsht
pianos for $6 per month, ard some good pianos
for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO., Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter -ts.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2S, 2S ar.d 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
nr.d prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possibla dona v please and satisfy th-»
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOII-
LEX & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell gt.
A BEAUTIFUL Packard Bahy Grand Just re-
ceived at MAUVAIS'. 753 Market St.
THE Decker piano !s the universal favortt»:
new styles: full assortment; low prices. At
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A GOOD bargain can always b# found at
MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st
UPRIGHT plan>. "Neumann Hamburg"; pro-
nounced by < r.perts the best in S. F. ; nearly
new. of solid construction; wonderful power
and sweetness of tone; value $6CO; to be sold
for only COO L-ash. 1238 Market St.. room in.
I KOE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos, prlft" reduced to Insure prompt sai^s
W. C. HAMILTON. 321 Post St.
50 SLIGHTLY us<\l high ar.d medium grada
pianos; s:«ecial discounts for cash- open Sat.
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 F.!lla st.
CHICKEKING grand, fine order. $127 50; guar-
anteed '.5 years. Scott-Curtaz Piano Company
SCO Hues st.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 p-r
monti-. Scott-:. urtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
V. G. BADGE!:, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Frarcia liacon and Hailett & Davis Dianoa.
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer planes. Spencer
warerooms. IMS Market st.
FINE uprlsht piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1213 Powell st.
FI L?i?L-jrL sch '' r * Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KbEFtE'S, 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— :. Ice upright piano; only J6O cash-
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
J Sx^ 2l t B t T,c;vufs e ttr I st."°" eW: CheaP -
Sl^r; P ;™ violins, zithers, old anJ new . U .
MT-T.T.rn n--»k°r. r°r*ln.-. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STOItES TO LET.
BTORE, 4 living rooms and stable- t blocks
from Market st. KELLY. 437 Parrott bld£
$20-STORE: 2 show windows and 5 larga roomsj
adapted to any business. 4a Sixth a*.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
10COPAKT.VERSHH' NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of co-partnerahlp^The
firm of VENAGLIA, COSTA & COMPANY,
heretofore doing business at 712 and 714 Mont-
gomery 6t., San Francisco, has been dis-
solved by mutual consent and G. COSTA und
lIKNRY C. COSTA have withdrawn from
eald firm. G. COSTA.
HENRY C. COSTA.
Fan Franriscn, January 15. 1900.
ROOftlK KUK "«i>LSt:KJJi;i'lN^.
BUCHANAN*. 6C2. near >Vll— Sunny; furnished;
bay window; kitchen; pantry; folding bed; $10.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2i20 Killmore st.
CLAY 24: i. near Fillmore— 2 large unXurslshed
rooms ; yard; water; rear; rent J7-
EWST, 935—4 unfurn. sunny rooms; finely pa-
perfd; all conveniences; fine location: private.
FIFTH. KSS— Newly furnished double parlors,
kitchen and bath, {20; aJ>o single rma., {4 up.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 24— Br stmr Goodwin.
from Kobe. QCEAN STBAMERS>
MANlLA— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Flintshire,
from San Francisco, ¦ via Honolulu.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan 24— Stmr Waesland,
for Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr St
Paul, from New York. ::-.„..
Balled Jan 24— Stmr Saale, from Bremen, for
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 24— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam. : <'.
MILLHRAE lot* and blocks: fenced: water
works. BUTTERFIELD. 9«7 Market st.
TFE. 13 r*r acre up: farm list; free far*. M.
ORIFTES, 719 Market St.. rear Call bulldlnr
OCEAN TBAVEL.
6ANTA CLARA Valley irult, farmlrue and
vtock lands; owner's sale In tracts of t to l"Q
arree; tasy terms, cr will exchange for San
Franc.«co property. Arply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and O. C. VACHELL. 20 Montgomery
et. between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. dally.
OAKLAND ItKAL. ESTATE.
FOR *al*. cheap — N>w 2-* tory houa«^, 7 rooms;
latent Improvements: No* and Hill ata. ; near
Castro-ft. cars; jjatf-nt sidewalk.
JBoo— HOrSE and lot; bargain; part cash if de-
fired. Mclaughlin & <0.. 7774 Markot st.
Etaires connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Eprings and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Sprlnc»: at Geys*rvi:i» for Skagij*
£p!ings: at ClcverdaJ* for the Ctoj— 19% at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kels«yvl!le. Carlsbad Springs, Sola Bay, LakA-
port and Bartlett Shrines; at Uklah for Vichy
£prings, Saratotra Springs. Blue Lake*. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. ?omo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lleri»y's,
Buclcnell'*. Sanhedrtn Heights. Uullvllle. Orr't
Hot' Bprln«s. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragar,
Wastport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
tnlnr I*.1 *. Bell* Springs, Harris. Olaen'*. E>y*r.
Bcotla anil Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rate?.
On Sunday roand trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratea.
Ticket OffWs, «50 Market *t.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. G«n. Pass. Agent.
HORffl PACiHB^sfiSMQAa
Via ffuwitf Parry.
Commencing October i. isss.
7P.OM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND BAM RAFAEL
WESK DATS— n:OO. *9:M. U:M a. m.; *l:4i
•3:40. 5:13. « W. »:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPU— For Mill Valley and San Ra.
tart, on Mondays. Wednesday* and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. ,
BUNDAY9— *I.<X). »10:0 O. "11:10 a. m.; "la*.
t:l5, *4:48, 8:33. *:00 p. m.
•Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS- 6:13. •«:35. 7:43. «3:40 a. o.j
•12:30. J:l5, *3:40. «6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Vondays, Wednesday* an 4
Caturday* at <:40 and 10:13 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:CO. n.CO. »10:0«. "11:43 a. m.l
•1:40, *i:li, 4:45, "S:3O p. in. *
Trains manked (•) *tart from Saa Qneatin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:43. 9:48, T:H. »:4a a. m.»
M:B5. *:35. 3:45. 5:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, Wednesdays and
Baturdayv at 7:00 and 10:40 p. rr..
BUNDAT9— B:OS. 10:C5 a. m.; 12:05. J : « »,*.
•:00. «:4S p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:60 a. m. week day*— Oaiadero and way *<*tUona.
:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tcroales and vay atatlona.
tW t. Q. Bun.dayt=-T»aalM aai we* — »«~-^
To CHICAGO
This Is Che quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Coif NECTINQ Train- Leaves San Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDFCC P* m - with Palace and Tourist
C *T f p3 c ars ior Kansas City, St. Loms,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Banford. Visalta, Tulare DO An
and Baliersfield. KVAU
SEE YOU IN San Frandsco office. 623
¦FDKrn en AM Market Street, Phone Main
TKOIU aUUPI 1531; Oakland, 1113 Broad-
war; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
|IM»— BARGAIN: large ltt-«ory. high stoop,
bay-window cottage; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate glaea double doors; handsomely
raneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stalr-
cace and 6%-root newel post: parlor 14x17.
walrscoted dining: room 12x14; sitting room
t-nxU; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
ceilings 12 ft-et high; ventilators; plaster cor-
clces; pantry, glass closet, etc ; 2 bedroom*
ar.d bathroom upstairs; 7-foot high cellar un-
der all with double-door entrance under bay;
lot 25x120. with a rustic stable 10x20 at end;
rr.arr.lfleent view; all for J1S00; no agents. J.
W. NEWTON, l. r -30 11th aye.. near X tt.. Sun-
eet district. 3 blocks from Golden Gate Park.
KOIi *&J«t, cheai> — On Howard et.. between
Fourth and Fifth, lot 2CxBO, with 6-»tory
builiilriK rer.tir.K at JHO r«or month. Apply
BEW DRUG CO., Alameda.
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sale on
Pierce and Waller *ts., near Haight; over 30
houses f.ld m Fame block. Terms to suit by
F. NELBON. builder.
BIBULOUS BURGLAR
CAPTURED BY POLICE
OAKLAND. Jan. 24.— An appetite for
steam beer, coupled with a disposition to
steal, has landed John Shaw of 318 Sixth
street in the County Jail on a charge of.
burKlary. The young man broke into the
saloon of John Murphy, on Seventh street,
last night and, after imbibing a large
amount of the beverage the place con
tained, staggered out with a box of cigars
under each arm.
He insisted on giving a bunch of the
smokera to Peter Peterson, an employe
in the livery stable next door, and Peter
son reported the matter to the police.
Shaw was arrested and confined. He was
intoxicated at the time.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Dally. t .tuu'lar axeerited. I fiuccUr only.
b Saturday only.
jftadiw and Friday* « Thursdays and ¦asdaya.
CALLFOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN £T. CQj
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaron Perry. Foot of Market fit.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*.
¦WEEK DAYS— 7:K>. 9:o©, 11:00 a. m. ; U:S3.
1:30. 5:10. B.JO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt?
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trtpa at 1:5(1
and U:3ft d. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 1:30. 11:00 a. ra.; 1:20. 1:30,
5:00. «:2u rj. m.
BAN* RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO. 7:50, »:10. 11:19 a. m. ; 1J:45.
3:40. 5:19 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:35 and S:S3 p. ra.
BUN DAYS—)* :10, »:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. B:4*. 5:98.
8:25 r. m.
Between San Francisco and Schoetzea Park
wm< schedule as above.
Leave Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
• October 13. •
"Week Sun- ISS3. Sun- Week
Day*. day*. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am S:CO am Novato. 10:40 am S:4O art
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:CS pm 10:25 aa.i
4:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm t:23 pra
Fulton.
7:M am Windsor. IS:SS aa
Heald*burff.
Lytton.
Oeyservtlle,
1:30 psi 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:23 pin (:Spa
7:33 am Hopland and
t:CO am Vklah. 7:33 pm «:22 pa
t:3O am 10:3 an*
8:00 am Qumvrille. 7:25 pm
8:30 pm ' t:T! pra
IwM1 w M am SCO am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 aa
and
1:19 pm 1:00 pm Glen Ellen, f :05 pm 1:23 pa
7. '80 am 8:00 am Sebaatopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm S:00 pm 7:35 pm| t:S2 pra
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ?ARK LOTS.
Now for a Proer*rous Era for Ean F*rancl»oo.
1200 to J4O0 — Near Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard
and Park, from H to X st. ; tZ monthly.
tWO to ISOO— Choicest lots in Eunset; etreet*
¦Traded and Bewered; $10 monthly.
$300 to $*00— Cheapest residence lots In Rich-
mond; easy tenr.*.
tIOO to 1250 — L»vel lots near Miesion-Bt. elec-
tric car line; only $3 monthly.
Call tor Maps and Diagrams.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOil "A," CROCKER BUILDIXO,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Savings and Loan Society to Edward Ste
phens, lot on E line of Cook street, 150 S of
Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by E 120; $475.
John Devlin to Ellen J. Devlin, lot on N line
of Filbert street. 192:6 W of Laguna, W 27:6 by
N 137:6; gift.
Charles F. Johnson to Olof L. Johnson, lot on
N line of Union street, 27:6 W of Buchanan, W
27:6 by N 110; $5.
Edward Probert to Camille C. Probert, lot on
NE corner, of Grove and Stelner streets, E 125
by N 137:6; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
H. Sibley and Hiram T. Hutchinson m each),
John H. Tracy and Mary K. Miller (V» each),
Leroy T. Hutchinson, Adelaide Phelps, Ellen
N. Cook and Charlotta E. Morgan (1-16 each),
lot on S line of Lombard street, 137:6 E of
Scott. S 137:6 by E 137:6; $ .
Same to Leroy T. Hutchinson, lot on N line
of Greenwich street, 163:6 E of Scott, E 27:8 by
N 137:6; $ .
Peter and Irene MoCarty to William H. Ro
den, lot on W line of Devlsadero street. 35 8
of Ellis, S 52:6 by W 90; $10.
J. Hlnrlch thorn Wohrden to Johann W.
Frlsch, lot on NE line of Fourteenth and Mis
sion streets. E SO by N 25; $10.
Christina A. Miller to James O'Brien, lot on
S line of Hermann street, 62:6 W of Jessie, W
25 by S S5: $10.
Hiram T. aiyl Leroy T. Hutchinson, Mary H.
Sibley, Charlotte E. Morgan, Ellen N. Cook.
Adelaide Phelps. Mary K. Miller and John 11.
Tracy -to T. D. Boardman, lot on NE corner of
Union street and Moore place, distant 77:6 E of
Larkln. E 20 by N 67:6; $10.
Samuel Brodek to Bertha Brodek, lot on E
line of Larkln street, 93:9 N of O'Farrell, N
63:9, E 137:6, S 20, W 46, S 43:9, W 91:6; gift.
Thomas U. Sweeny to Mary A. Brundee, lot
on NE line of Morris (Park) street, 225 SE of
Harrison, SE 25 by NE SO; 510.
Phllomena M. and Jacob Schmltt to Pierre
Chanquet. lot on SE line of Minna street, 221
SW of Eighth, SW 24 by SE 80; $10.
Sarah Jane de la Montanya (widow) and Sa
rah Jane de la Montanya (daughter) to James
de la Montanya, lot on SW corner of Fifteenth
and Point Lobos avenues. B 175:5, W 81, NW
177:4, E 117; $10.
Willard C. Bruson (by California Title Insur
ance and Trußt Company trustees) to Andrew
L. Edwards, 1533 d. 92, lot on SW corner of
Fourteenth avenue and J street. W 1S1:6, SE
259:7, E 155:10, N 242:3; also lot on NE corner
of Ninth avenue and I street, E 50 by N 100;
also lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 125 N of I
street, N 25 by E 120, trustee's deed, $5615.
Thomas U. Sweeny to Charles E. Brundage.
lot on S line of X street, 82:6 W of Seventeenth
avenue. W 60 by S l«0; $10.
David and Isabella Hughes to Greta B.
Hughes, lot on 8 line of Broad street, 195 E of
Capitol, E 25 by S 125, lot 9, block G, Railroad
Homestead No. 2: gift.
James A. Cooper to John W. Dwyer, lot on S
line of Montana street, 406 W of Capitol, W 25
by S 125, block R, Railroad Homestead No. 2:
$10.
William and C. T. Nlcol to Leon Winant, lot
8, block 79, University Homestead Association;
$10. .. . .- --
William Samuel to Mary Samuel, lot on E
line of State street, 100 S of Stanley, S 25 by E
100, block 39, City Land Association; gift.
William and Louise Weber to Charlotte F.
Mortimer (wife of John), lot on SW line of
Twenty-eighth avenue, 75 SE of X street, BE
BO by SW 100. block 517: »75.
C. J. and Ingborg Jorgensen to Henry -P. An
derson undivided half of lot on NW Hue of
G street, 75 NE of Ninth avenue. XE 25 by NW
75, block 160, South San Francisco Homestead;
1500.
C. J. Jorgensen to same, undivided half of
same; {5. -
Frank W. Altken vs. Martha E. Paul et al. to
Paul V. Finch, lots 2 to 4, 24. 27 to 29. 32 to 39,
block 6, Garden Tract Homestead Association;
also lots 1 to IS, 88 to 41 and 44, block 6, same;
also lots 1 to 14, block*?, Bame; also lot on S
oorner of San Bruno and Paul avenues, SE
155:8%, SW 75. NE 99:1H4, N 91:854. block 7,
Fame, referee's deed; {2209.
Builders' Contracts.
Covlngton Johnson (owner) with W. W. Red
nall (contractor and architect) — All work for a
two-story and basement frame building (flats)
on lot on E line of Elgin Park, 250 S of Her
mann street, S 25 by E 75; J2465.
San Francisco Art Association (owners) with
John H. Keefe (contractor), architect Edward
R. Swain— Painting, burning end cleaning up
of buildings on W portion of 50 vara block 164,
bounded by California, Pine, Powell and Mason
streets; 72025.
VAX NESS AYE. BOULEVARD LOTS
AT AUCTION-
TO-DAY TO-DAT.
At 12 o'clock Noon,
AT SALESROOM. No. 10 MONTGOMERY ST
S BEAUTIFUL LOTS ON VAN NESS AYE..
Between LOMBARD and CHESTNUT £TS.,
2 CORNERS
ALSO
E LOTS ON VAN NESS AYE..
Brtween CHESTNUT and FRANCISCO STS.
1 CORNER
AND ONE KEY LOT ON FRANCISCO ST.
tpiendld Location for Residences or Flats.
MUST BE SOLD
TERMS— Two-fifths CASH, balance L 2
*_:. 1 2 years. Interest 6 per cent.
Call at «.:'..¦- for catalogue.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St..
Ban Francisco.
C9AST DIVISION i \;u mix <.»««c).
(FoototMnrket Street.)
HYPE 40S— Sunny furnished room; suitable for
2: 15 to 17.
EDDY. 473— Larte bright sunny room; 2 clos-
ets: runnirur water: Welsbach light.
FOLPOM. S2O, near Fourth— Furnished rooms, $1
per week.
CARKOLTON, 121$ Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
sacrum* pacific conruT.
(PACirlO SVSTIM.)
Train ¦•«««• nml are doe I* r.rrl »• at
HATi tIiIMIMO.
(Main Line, Foot cf Market Street)
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Kuss Hotel; S4 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
ner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 13S4)— Fur-
ulfhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
RAG carpeta wove to crder and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GKO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
FOR sale— Craiy guilt and chains; ajpo White
••¦wir.g machine. Box 4140. Call office.
FRINCJK?— Special, orders to match material*
at EXTtKGER'fi 1 723 Market st.
LEDEREIi. the popular hairdresser, makes a
specialty of the latest Imported hair styles
and chance* but Isc; Fcheffler'? Colorine gives
natural culor. 70c box. 123 Stockton st.
bEDEBEIfS Quintonlca will take away that
dull look from' your hair— the only tonic that
will d.i it; 3. r >c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
ONE day only: on Monday all !2 M twitches
will be sold at II M; no other day; so come
In time. Stylish hairdro-sEir.fr. 25c: manicur-
Inc, I;k- G. LEDEKER, 123 Stockton *t.
A FINE suit to orcer $10 75, or pants S3 75; our
rpeclalty In remnant* dlows us to sell
ci:ear**r than ready made. L. LEMOS,
1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and £th. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; 122 Kearny, near Sacto;
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market; 100 room*;
!6c to fl 10 per night; $1 to to $6 p»r week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KOOMS TO lA'.'V Furn. and lufurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
2Sc to {1 per night: Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open al) night.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Gußtaf A. Nelson, 32, city, and Charlotta I*.
Larson, 34, city.
Jean Crouere, 22, 1712 Polk street, and Marie
L. Breilh, 21. 130 Turk street.
Fred E. Horton, 26, Westfleld, Pa., and Rena
Glllecple, 26, Bulsun.
Frederick W. Graf, 28. 108 Minna street, and
Emma Thumler. 26, 108 Minna street.
Edgar T. Meakln. 26. 2702 A Mission street,
and Ethel Neal, 23. 3130 Twenty-fifth street.
Wallace T. Wrtherby, 83. city, and Belle L.
Miller, 28, city.
Antonio S. Avlla, 29, 65 Jackson street, and
Rosa Fernandez. 24, 65 Jackson street.
Charles R. Covell. 22, 1026tf Washington
etreet, and Clemence B. Larrue, 22, 1026V4
Washington street.
John B. Switzer. 2R. 612 Missouri street, and
Lizzie Nelson, 22, 46S Bryant street.
Maury Robinson, 33, Vacaville, and Annie B.
Fairweather. 23, city.
Philip J. Perkins, SO. 229 Kearny street, and
Edwinna Hooper, 25, 309 A Waller street.
William J. Peden Jr.. 27, 552 Minna street,
and Alma S. Weseenberg, 27, 2520 Market street.
Frank C. Curtis. 25. Avoca. lowa, and Au-
gusta Smith, 21. 126 Shotwell street.
Richard J. Kavaney, 36, • 396S Twenty-fourth
street, and Elizabeth J. Anderson. 27. 7UH
IS NOT A LADY.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
O.POR.M
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. 9. ••PORTLANTr".. ApriI SO. 1300
FROM 6EATTLE 8. S. "DORA" April SO, 1900
mOM SAN FRANCISCO _ S. 8. "RAINIER" May 10. 1900
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAM FRANCISCO S. 8. "ST. PAUL." May 25Ui
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched fiery Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE — .S. S. "BERTHA," commencing April Sta
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For new folders, maps and further particulars as to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY, 810 Sansome street. San Francisco. Cal.
For Seattle sailings apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual Life Building. Seattle.Waah.
rdtSO.XALS.
WANTED— Widower from the Ea?t. with a
little capital, wants the aquaintance of widow
or mail. 2~> to 45. with m fmull capital, to
ptart a business* in the Woet; confidential; an-
twet e:>on. Address V.nx lOC*. CalL
MARKET. lOCS— 3 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; til.
MARKET. IS24 — Cosy room; folding bed; morn-
ing sun; rent $S.
TAYLOR. 207— Nice sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing, gat. bath, etc.; also single rooms, pri-
vate, cheap.
TENTH, 136— Large sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also eingle rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; op^n until 9 p. m.
kiiLNRV d. GALLAGHtK CO..
(Successor* to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKR3,
tO Fifth St., opposite Ltncoln School.
Telephone Bouth SO.
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANBATLAKTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jj.ru*,
Bailing every Thursday instead of <*fiT^
Saturday, from November 2, ISBJ, at -**«*'«>
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton s\: LA GASCOGNE. Jan. 25; La NOR-
MANDIE. Feb. 1; Le BRETAGNE. Feb. 8;
L AQUITAINE, Feb. 15. First-class to Havre,
$<i 0 and upward: 6 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre, $«; S per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. .J.
F. FL'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coaat Agents. $
Montgomery aye,, San Francisco. • . - : .
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RfULWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Day* 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m_
Sundays S:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Bteam-beated closed car on all train*.
Fare — San Fraadsco to Summit and Return.
$1 40. ¦ -¦¦-¦ --¦¦^¦¦.¦•¦ i
OAKLAMI HUXITUIIE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas the
fnmltur* dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
©53 15 s fl P>? 3Si r - s - Moana sails
Iwfligilz. via Honolulu and
•HI* o "***' Auckland for Sydney
M ™* * Thursday. Jan 25, at
J^mchinJ The S. S. Australia
G)1MIIIJIII^ mttt for Honolulu
i / sinir)(lf?U~ Wednesday, Feb. 7.
• 4 "f JlJll| H woo. at 2 p. ro.
Favorite Line Round the "World, via Hawaii,
Samoa New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
i. U. Sr-'itCsttLS A fciilGS.CO.. «gts.. >l4Montgomer)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market SL
CFFiCE — <JOB BROADWAY.
$75 CAt'H; $10 monthly: cottage of 3 rooms;
good well of water; 3 fine lot* all fenced;
near 3 eleotrlc car lines; fine schoolhouse and
&0-foot boulevard; soil, view and climate the
very be?t; no fog* nor cold winds; Allendale
Tract, adjoining Ea*t Oakland: price all
told $6SO; call or Bend for circular, 4K Sev-
«nth Et.. Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
LOT in San Francisco trade for carpenter
work. E. E. BT'N'CK. 80S- Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
NEW 4-room cottage; polished floors, cove ceil-
ings and picture molding; stationary tubs; all
modern furnished ; close In; $%50. Call or ad^
¦ tlrt-BB 2137 iJwight way, Berkeley.
JlSOO— 7-HOOM house: lot £0x100; J2OO cash,
balance on terms to *ult. W. C. MORAN.
KAILROAD TRAVEL.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
BAD tenants ejected fnr $4; collections made;
rlty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. room* 9-10: tel. 6520.
ROOMS racered from $3; whitened, $1 ud
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third,
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
S II Spooner, Ind
J Stull. St Louis
J W Mitchell, L Ang
S Burrows, Boston
J H Booth. Oregon
J D Dunn. N V
G B Katzensteln, Sact
G J Koenlg, S Jose
F B Clarke. St Paul
Mrs F J McBhane. Nebi
R Shelby. Ohio
C M Miller. Boston
J B Colby, N V
W W Tingley, Phlla
J C Hill, Philadelphia'
W H Hill. Philadelphia
G W Robinson, N V
Mrs G W Robinson, Ni
Mra G W Robinson,
N V
W P Thomas, Cal
T Flint Jr. S Juan
W H Hanson, Cal
Mrs W H Hanson. Cal
F J Foster, Seattle
W G Paine, Bpokane
W H Webb. N V
Mrs W G Webb, N V
A H Van Cott. N V
Mrs A H Van Cott. NY
Dr A B Clayton. Chgo
Mrs A B Clayton. Chg
E J George, R I
M Foueere, Paris
B W Itlpley. Chgo
Mrs B W Klpley. Chgo
J: X G Billings, Chgo
Mrs C X G Billings.
Chicago
Mrs J A Logan Jr.
Youngstown
Mrs C H Andrews,
Youn^stown
Miss Parmlee, Ohio •
Mrs W Wallace. Mont
Miss Wallace, N X
Mrs C Stammeyer, Che
E H Glidden, Boston
J Church. N V
Mrs J Church. N V
M Simons, Glasgow
M R Hughes. Ohio
Mrs M R Hughes. Ohio
O Goldberg, N V
E L Ross, Mass
J G Carey. Chg-o
D A MacMullln. Oran*
Mrs D A MacMullin,
Orange
Mrs T G Klssam, Chgo
A Mohr. Java
E Mohr. Java
D Longfellow. Maine
Mrs D Longfellow Me
Mrß C H Stevens. Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
G C Prentice, Willows
C S Peek. Cal
Mlbs X Carney. Mo
Mrs E Carney, Mo
J M Brooks. Los Angr
J Duncan. Cal
W S Berry. Lindsay
E Whipple, Decoto
R T Moore. Cal
R Day, Los Ant
L N Tryon. Cal
G A Smith. Cal
G A Daugherty, Cal
N Logan, New Mcx
N Welmann, Chicago
J J Bowen, wf, Chso
J MoCudden. Vallejo
Miss McCudden Valjo
J W Bordner, ChEfo
C H Wallzer, L A
J F Goad, Cal
W Willis, Cal
Mrs F T Baldwin, Cal
P H Goodwin. N T
Mrs L G Moody, L A
Miss Gordon. Cal
N P Nelson, wf. 11l
C H Cobb. Seattle
G G Want. wf. Cal
E C Ivlns. Cal _
W H Gllson. wf. N V
Mrs E M Hill. 11l
Mrs F E Fillons, 111
E L Van Clek. Cal
DEC Thompson, Cal
Miss E Thompson, Cal
G L Hutchlns. Or
N A Diintron, wf. Cal
Mrs C F Bomount. Cal
Mrs Ferguson, Cal
G Kilburn. wf. Cal
H Elkhart. wf, Cal
J E Williams. Cal
G W Hood. Cal
J B Lamkln. Cal
D F Winslow.wf, c.Cal
S B McGee. Ohio
W H Warlnir, Miss
C S Wynn. N V
J G McGrath. Nev
O J Larson. Lodl
O Warde, Cal
H L West. Stockton
W D Buckley, Cal
E L Withart. Cal
N H Jack, wf, Cal
Mra C Upton. Cal
A W Stewart, wf. Cal
S Heminr, Stockton
E Gower. Fowler
O M Thumbenr, 111
V W Fosther. 11l
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E Hulbert. Wash
F M Rowley, Or
E Maylone. Or City
F Whltstone & w. Or
W H Taylor. Sacto
N X Carle. Bait Lake
F P Powell. Ban Jose
J E Hall, Missouri
J S Pinto. L Angeles
H P Buell. Watsonvllle
C W Alexander & w.
Redding
H E Garvln, Illinois
J J Hlgglns, D C
J Brennan. Los Gatos
A Gasyarini, Texas
J W Dunbar. L Angels
A G Hanson. Fresno
W J Smith. lowa
J King. Merced
CYCLERS' DELEGATES MEET.
Some Radical Changes to Be Made in
the Association.
A meeting of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs, the first that has been
held In three months, owing to lack of a
quorum, was held last evening In the
Parrott building. Fourteen delegates
were present, representing clubs from this
city, Sacramento, Reno and San Jose. The
resignation of President Paul M. Nlppert
¦was accepted, and Vice President J. A,
Woodson of Sacramento was called upon
to preside.
Numerous amendments to the by-laws
were Introduced, transforming the asso
ciation Into an organization for the con
trol of road racing, the encouragement of
good roads and the general welfare of cy
clers, and transferring the control of
track racing to the National Cycling As
sociation. W. L. Loos of this city was
recommended as the representative of the
latter body on the Pacific Coast.
T/he amendments presented will be
acted upon at a meeting to be held Marc?.
3, at which the annual ©lection will also
take place.
The delegates present were: Presi
dent P. M. Nlpppert. Secretary S. O.
Scovern. Edwin Go«ller, W. J. Kenney.
J. J. B. Argentl, J. B. Lankln. J. W.
Shawhan, Herbert D. Clark, H. "W. Spald
lng, J. A. Woodson. Charles Albert Ad
ams, King Ryan, Frank Smith and Georgre
Stangenberger. . .
COAST DIVISION (BroaiHangs).
(Third and Townaeml Ht3.)
A. M. SPECK & CO..
C 67 Market St., opp. Kearay.
J137.500
Stores ar.d offices; near White House; 2
Jror.tagee; rer.t* $525 net.
Ellis st. corner; 0x127; *torea and 70 room*;
Will pay 7 j<er cent net.
Near Stockton and o'Farrell: S6 ft. front;
4-EU)ry brick; etcres ani 36 rooms above.
$27,500.
Near E<3<ly and Jones; store and 26 room*
above: modern; pays 7 i*»r cent net.
$24,1*0.
Eixth St.; 75 feet front: 4 stores; rents J2OO.
Third ft.; about 2^T. ft. from Market; store
•nd lodging-house above.
Mission *t., near Third; lot 40xS2; beat bar-
f :-.;:. en Miwflon St. to-day.
Close to Market and Taylor; stores and flats;
Id :•-> ¦ tront; rents about $100.
S new flats; 4 blocks from Market, north;
rent* $1150 yearly.
Poet et. ; 3 good flat?: rents SCi; lot 27x110 It_
Lot 100x100 feet, and cozy modern residence;
fine stable; warm belt of the Mlssion.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
HOWARD 829— Clean, respectable; 25c-|l per
night: Jl-J3 per week; Howard cars to door.
JPHVSICIAXS A.YD SI'ItUEO.NS.
PARALYSIS ;
ATT. NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION-
HARD TUMORS;
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
SCROFULA. ECZEMA; FKIN DI&EASES;
CONSUMPTION ;
OLD STANDING CHKONIC DISEASES.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE 1
Different from any other treatment.
¦W rite for references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. ETRATTON. 507. SOS and 509, Par-
rott building. <Over the Emporium.)
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Offtce and residence,
1°214 Market tt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FIGUEIRKDO— In this city, January 18. 1900,
to the wife of V. L. de Figuelredo, a son.
LEIGHTON— In this city. January 20, 1900, to
the wife of Edmund M. Leighton. a daughter.
RALSTON— In this city, January 23, 1900, to the
wife of Harry J. Ralston, a son.
SULLIVAN— In this city, to the wife of B. V.
Sullivan, twins.
TERRY— In this city, January 20, 1900, to the
wife of Dr. Wallace I. Terry, a daughter.
WARNOCK— In Oakland, to the wife of George
Warnock. a daughter.
AT F2 Second — nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms: $1 50 to }2 60 a week.
A LARGE sunny alcove room with gas and
grate; bathroom adjoining; northern part of
the city. isox 1042. Call.
UELLE- OUDRT
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms 50c to Jl &0 day. MRS. J. KINO.
tain Belle, 6-0; Narcissus beat Masterpiece, 21
4; Vanity Fair beat Mlra Monte. 6-1; Magneto
beat Campania, 13-9; Victor beat Terrona, 14-5;
Miss Rabbit beat Border's Best. 4-3; McKlnley
beat Nellie Bawn. 19-15; Commodore beat Lu
cretla Borgia. 4-1; Black Bess beat Storm King,
B-0; Echo beat Nellie B, 3-1; Beer Brewer beat
Hard Lines, 14-6.
Third round— Athena beat Clifton Lass, 12-5;
Narcissus beat Magneto, 4-3; Pat Rellly beat
Bad Boy. 8-6; Vanity Fair beat Victor. 6-0;
Miss Rabbit beat McKlnley, 4-3: Black Bess
beat Commodore. 6-4; Beer Brewer beat Echo,
10-6.
Fourth round— Pat Relllr beat Athena, 6-0;
Narcissus beat Miss Rabbit, 12-4; Vanity Fair
beat Black Bess. 4-3; Beer Brewer a bye.
Fifth round— Pat Rellly beat Narcissus, 6-0;
Vanity Fair beat Beer Brewer. 4-L
Final round— Vanity Fair beat Pat Reilly,
12-9.
THIS WEEK'S STAKES.
A puppy stake and an open stake with a
total of 144 entries is the card at Union
Coursing Park for Saturday and Sunday.
Both stakes aro exceptional class. The
sport will commence on Saturday upon the
arrivalof the 9: 15 train and on Sunday upon
the arrival of the 10:15. The total money
given in prizes is $1025. The draw last
night resulted as' follows:
Open stake, elghty-efght dogs— J. H. Perlgo's
Bohe vs. It. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot; J. P.
Thrift's Forget vs. Curtis & Bon's Narcissus;
D. J. Healey's Grenada vs. H. Lynch' s Lottie
M; B. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy vs. R. E. de B.
Lopez's Pepita; Bartels Bros.' Ben's Babe vs.
J. Dlckson's Black Bess; T. J. Harrington's
Beau Peep vs. Curtis & Son's Commodore; F.
A. McComb's Motto vs. H. Lynch' b Lexington:
J. R. Smith's Sylvanus vs. Al Austin's Los
Angeles; E. Baumelster's Winning Ways vs.
J. P Thrift's Brutus: Curtis & Son's Vanity
Fair vs. Curtis & Son's Cavalier; Aeneid Ken
nels' Aeneas vs. P. Keilly's Richmond Queen;
Sterl & Knowles" O'Hara vs. Curtis & Son's
Cash; Curtis & Son's Echo vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs; P. J. Rellly's Plough Boy vs.
Bartela Bros.' Mac's Melody: Pasha Kennels'
Rest Assured vs. Captain Clarkson's Black
hawk; H. Lynch' e Mystic Maid vs. J. It.
Smith's Jennie Wilson; Pasha Kennels' Round
About vs. J. Cairns' Gladys Weller; J. Mul
ler's Rox vs. P. Rellly's Expense; 11. G. Nich
ols' May Herschel vs. E. M. Kellogg' a Sweet
Emma; H. G. Nichols' Yreva vs. Curtis &
Son's McKlnley: Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold
vs. O. Muller's Sensation: J. M. Haltons Lav
ender vs. J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; Gus Aber
cromble's Miss Rabbit vs. J. R. Smith's Pet
ronius; J. R. Smith's Magio vs. W. Cairns-
Imperial; T. J. Cronln's Thornhlll vs. J. J.
Edmonds' Morning Glory: J. M. Halton's Tic
Tac vs. R E. de B. Lopez's Sara; Sterl &
Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. Kay Bros.' Hawker;
J Muller's Cadenza vs. Erwin & Lyons May
Queen; G. Sharman's Mlsa Skyrocket vs. R. E.
de B. Lopez's Whitehead; Pasha Kennels
Recording Angel vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's
Julius Caesar: Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island
King vs. D. Baumelster's Warrior; E. Geary s
Iceland vs. J. Martinet's Bernal Chief; J.
Murnane's Wildwood vs. E. M..Kellogg's lowa
Maid; E. Geary's Palo Alto vs. W. Creamers
Jesse Moore: J. Hunter's Bloomfleld vs. J.
Carroll's Auckland; Pasha Kennels' Sylvia vs.
J H. Harrison' s Hot Haste; R. L. Taylor a
Mose ys T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee; J. R.
Smith's Victor vs. F. A. McComb's One Spot:
Russell Allen & Wilson's Master Clalr vs. J.
Muller's Mocorlto; Kay Bros." Dudley Diamond
va P. J. Reilly's Warship; Ed. Evatts' Hurri
cane vs. M B. Kavanaugh's Hard Lunes; Maher
& Reid's Bad Boy vs. Erwin & Lyons' Silver
Lyon: J. Watkins' Gladiator vs. R. E, de B.
Lopez's Carmenclta: P: Rellly's Master Mat vs.
R E de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa.
Puppy stakes, flfty-elx dogs— P. Rellly's Lady
Granite vs. Lande & Gerber's Rlenzl; Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead vs. Jeff Martenet's
Bernal Boy; Baxtels Bros.' Baron's Blood vs.
Pasha Kennels' Run Ashore; J. Smith's Mas
ter Workman vs. Jeff Martenet'i Slim; J. Wat
kins' Merciless vs. J. H. Perigo's Querlta Vin
cent; J. Watkins' Nadlne- vs. J. Martenet's
Buxton; J. Martenet's BUI Foster vs. Lande A
Gerber's Concord; P. J. Reilly's Royal Union
vs. W C. Glasson's Sleigh bells; J. AUoway's
Brian Boru vs. G. Buehn's Aloha; F. BrlKKs'
Thunderbolt vs. J. Morlarity"s Snapper Garri
son; D. W. Sawyer's Honest Abe vs. Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne; N. Dunlea'f Erin vs.
Bartels Bros.' Banner Bright: J. Martenefs
Sally Brass vs. J. Watkins' Merciful; J. Mc-
Grath's Blower vs. J. J. Edmonds* Go On;
Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer vs. George
Buehn's Monogram: J. McGrath's Red Rose
vs Al Austin's Bohemian Girl; Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple vs. F. C. Patterson's Fire Lad
die; George Pinto" a Mischief vs. W. C. Glas
son's Santonin; P. J. Rellly's Grafter vs. John
Field's Sea Wave; C. L. Applehy's Little Sis
ter vs. J. P. Thrift's Thoughtless .Beauty; J.
Morlarity's Jimmy Anthony vs. George Lahu
sen's Firefly; Bartels Bros.' Betsy Barlow vs.
J. J. Edmonds' Whiskey Hill; J. Hurley's
Richmond Crest vs. C. L. Appleby's Sir Pasha:
Caveney & Joy's Juliette vs. M. Dunlea's Fe
nian Boy: F. C. Patterson's Fire Queen vs.
George Plnto'B Glad Hand; George Sharman's
Walt a Bit vs. J. Kiernan's Bowery Boy: F.
Brltt's Yucatan vs. P. McCabe's Boney Boy;
J. H. Perigo's Pennegrant vs. Lande & Ger
ber's Mount Ida.
The Colma Coursing Club was organ
ized last night to promote the sport at
Ban Mateo Park. The officers elected
were: President, R. E. de B. Lopez; first
vice-president, Martin Kerrigan; second
vice-president, D. • Weatherby; secretary,
R. J. Tobin; treasurer, D. J. Tobin: ex
ecutive committee, D. J. Tobin. M. J.
Welch, George McCalvey, D, J. Sullivan
and J. O'Shea.
The first draw will be held next
Wednesday night at Pythian Castle.
J. Shaw's Lucky Dog, considered by
many coursing men the fastest dog evei
bred in this State, was killed yesterday.
He was attacked by Hadlmist and other
greyhounds, and was llteraly torn to
pieces. Repeated efforts were mado to
buy the dogr, tut his owner declined to
consider any offer made for him.
VANITY FAIR WINS
FROM PAT RILEY
Continued from Fourth Page.
a mass will be said for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SERE— In this city. January 22. 1900, John
Sere, dearly beloved husband of Katie Sere,
father of Joseph, Jennie and Annie Sere, son-
in-law of the late Mary Bell, and uncle of
•John Bere, a native of France, aged 49 years.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner of Edlnburch street and
Persia avenue, thence to the French Church
of Notre Dame dcs Victolres, thence to Cali-
fornia Hall, where services will be held, un-
der the auspices of the Llgue Henry IV.
SWEENY —In this city. January 24, 1900,
Thomas U. Sweeny, a native of New York
City, aged 70 years 4 months and S days,
THORNTON— In this city, January 24, 1900,
Harry, beloved son of William H. and Annie
Thornton, and brother of Kittle. Meda, Hazel,
Willie and Eugene Thornton, a native of
Scranton. Pa., aged 15 years 7 months and 26
days.
WALTHER— In this city, January 23. 1900,
Christiane Walther, beloved wife of the late
Frederick Gustave Walther, and mother of
Mrs. Mary Bauman, a native of Germany,
aged 74 years 8 months and 2 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1928 Leavenworth street, corner of
Union. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
"WENSINGER— In this city, January 24, 1900,
F. S.. beloved husband of Theresa Wensln-
ger, a native of Switzerland, aged 74 years.
ICTTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from St. Mary* Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose, of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
WILSON— In this city, January 23. 1900, Maria
Frederlcka Wilson, beloved sister of Mrs.
Carolina Reel and Mrs. Louisa Bahn. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 73 years. (New York
papers please copy.)
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co., 22S McAllister street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by train
leavlne Third and Townsend streets at 11:30
o'clock.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., January 25, 1900.—
Sealed proposal*, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. February 24,
1900. and then opened, for construction of
power-house, electrical machinery, heating
system, ice machine and cold Btorage, filter
plant, kitchen and laundry machinery, etc.,
for U. S. General Hospital at Presidio of San
Francisco, Cal. Government reserves right
to reject or accept any or all bids In whole or
In part. Preference given to articles of do-
mestic production, conditions of price and
quality (including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon) being equal, and
such preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast, to
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quar^
termaster General, Chief Q. M.
PAIITXERS WASTED.
WANTED— S3000; partner general merchandise;
established 7 years: paid JI6C6 y<»ar 1S»»; ob-
Ject, to Increase business; money to be re-
invested. Address fi. J.. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH, 34S— Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FULTON 121V4— Three sunny front furnished
rooms, range; water;, large yard; also unfur-
n'.thcd; rent $.16.
UIVIDU.MJ XO'l ItUS.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 101 ~(5Oo Per
Ehare) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Thurs-
day, February 1, 1900. Transfer book* will
close on Friday. January 26, 1900, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Socretary.
/^^h± -Dr* Gibbon's Dispensary,
ylU»«fS33ui ** KEABSTST, Established
Itf £ Im*#*l ln IH3I for the treatment of Private
Hi l\^9Vf IHseasea, Los: Manhood. Debility nr
M??4gS&4KT!3 disease rearing on body and mind ar.d
OStt&ftaii Skin Diseases. The doc tor cures when
others falL Try him. Char-res low
T'CiMninriuil t'nrnrnnnnlrril Callorwrtte
Dr. J. *•. uIBOON, Box 1937. 5 an i'mucWca
I'HOTOGRAFUIC SUPPLIES.
i^YcilßOMEpaper. TiclT^rT tone, easy to
work; low price; cample dozen 4xj and devel-
oper mailed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turr.ers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market St.
iIASSAOE ar.d medical eymr.aFtlcs given by
experienced nurße. Address box 4217, Call.
FIGER'S sweepers are i » best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired tnd for eale at 342 Gutter.
FOLSOM. 9C5. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single; new mgt.
CEAKY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HTER.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. S67— Nicely furnished
parlor and bedroom; every convenience; reas.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1023, near Laguna— Fur-
nished roums, with or without housekeeping.
IF you with full value for your cast-eff cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third ft.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, toole,
carpets, old gold: s*n<J for him. 506 Kearny.
EEET fcrlce for rcet-off clothing and bric-a-
brec. 11. MARKS, 209 Third et.; send postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or co pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId go.d for manur*. O. NOLTE,
Jeweier. 248 v" Tell. bet. Powell and Mason.
ETAMMERING corrected; b001..;t. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph D. 121S Un.ien. Oakjand.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mitsion *ts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Blngle: ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 21 (The Wellington)— A family
rooming house; elegantly furnished rooms;
prates gas, bath; hot and cold water; 60c
to Jl M per night; $2 50 to V per week.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: Jl 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715—200 gunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric light*.
MARBIED.
GALLAGHER— MARLOW— In this city. Janu-
ary 21, WOO, by the Rev. Father Ryan, Joseph
A. Gallacher and Lauretta G. Marlow, both
of San Francisco.
GRAY— BERGER— In Reno, Nev., January 22,
ISOO, George F. Gray and Minnie Berger.
NILSEN— DAHL— In this city, January 20, 1900,
by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Mons Nilsen and
Sine Caroline Dahl.
JOHNSON— SVANSON— In this city, January
£2, 1900, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Peter A.
Johnson and Selma Julia Svanson.
JE?SIE, 273. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms; 15 and $6.
(Pacific Coast Steamship Cv
ik^ Steamers leave Broadway
riiteim wharf, San Francisco:
Wl V*^J« For Alaskan ports. 10 a. rr...
*«ft^w*3sk Jan. 21. 26. SI. Feb. 5. Changs
p^At'v?"vi t0 ccm pajiy's steamer* at
E&SS^SwI For 'Victoria. Vancouver,
r^ttfcV :,V2J tU. C), Port Townsen'l.
Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New What-
cotn (Wash.), 10 a. m., Jan.
n 26 21 Feb. 5 and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
toAteika and a N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.- at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humbcldt Bay), t p. m.. Jan.
19 24 » Feb. 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
Vnr Sn'nta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ncoS psrt Harford (San Luis Obispo). Oavlota.
Santk Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme San Pedro
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
am. Jan. 19. M. ". 3L Feb. 4, and every
only at Port Harford
(San Lul» Oblspo). Santa Paroara. Port Lo*
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a. m..
Jan; n. K. 29. Feb. I. and every fourth day
Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro.alla
and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
further information obtain company* »
cc*h e e* company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of Bailing
wlthrmt previous notice.
TICKET OFFIOB-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen Agta..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
JESSIE 2C5— Larce front room: fireplace; other
sunny rooms; gentlemen only.
LEAVENWORTH. 1116— Nicely furnished sun-
ny upj>er floor of 4 rooms, also back parlor,
bedroom: rent reasonable.
PROPEHTV WANTED.
$<™ TO $:-no to inveFt for a lot neighborhood of
North Beach. Address "CIO Leavenworth st.
MINNA. €67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
.bay-windew room. Jl per week; transient.
HIJAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALB.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
UATZ — From Dzczixbu 13, 1339. — itsira
•7:OOa Benida, Sul3iu), Elmira, YacaiZle,
Rmcaeyand Sacramento ; *?:l3g
»7i«O\ Shasta Eipresa— DaTia, WHcwa,
Red Bluft Portland •7:«0»
•7:30* Martinez, San liamcn, Vallejo. Xapa*
t:a:i:i:cK»a:;.l Si::':i Rosa 'Oil.lf
•8:30 a The OrezundlJ'.aited- Ocden. Den-
Ter, Omaha, Chicago •3it3?
*9:SW* Ban Jose. Liveraiore, fttocktou,
lone, ftacrameuio. FlacerriUe^
Marys»i;io. Chlco. Ued liluff MilSp
•«i 3O \ "Milton, Oakdalcan-l Sonera •¦tsl.ip
•9:0«.\ Hijw-irii. Niles aixl Way Station*. *1 1:*3*
•»:«Oa DaTle. Wo.nliar.d. Kci&hta Landing,
Maxysrillo, OroTlllo *?:43»
•9iooa Atlantic Fipres*— Ogden and Eaat ¦»:I3*
•0:OOa MarMnca, Tncy. Latbrop. Stockton.
Mercdaad fe'rcxno *12>1.1y
*OiAOa Pert Costa, li'resuo. Mojave aud Lo*
Angeles # Os-<3 r
•1O:OOa VoUejo. Marttnei and Way Station* *O: ir.p
¦II :OOa HayrrarJa, Niles a-.! Way Station*. *2: 13 v
•ISiaOOM Ni! -s, Llrcrmore, Stockton, Sacra-
•neat i. MendoU, Ilanioru. Vlsaila,
Fcitcrtille Mill*
fl:OOp SacTvnento l:i»or S'ennirr* t<:OOp
•3:OOp Haywardx, Niles and Way Station*. *3: t.ir
¦4i«or Martinez. San lUmon. Vallejo.
Nairn, C'aitatngn, Nmita itcsa *OilS*
•*i»»r Benlcia. Vaca»illo, Sacramento^
Wooilland. KnlwbU Landing,
Marj3»ill», Orovilln •ll»:-i. I l*
•4i3OpHUes.Han JosoacdStockton *7tl^w
•3:oo pT!>. Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
BakenQeld. San;na (cr Santa llax-
fcara, Jjf* Anstles •l*»t-t.iA
O3:00r Sncset limited— El Paio. Sew Or-
leans and Ea.Tt «IO:I.T«
•3i3op Stockton. Merceii. Fresno M;i:|.«ir
¦3:30p Fresno^ Hakenilielil. Kant* Rurhura.
I.os Ar>gclea. IX-rnlng. £1 Ptt«\
New Orleans aud Ka3C •*: ••"»*
•StSOr Hunt* !¦•• l;oiite— Atlnulla ExpxeM
for Moja?a ami Knsl *oil3p
•GtAOp Tlaywardd, Nilea and S*a Jose *7;4>»
tO:aiu- Vallejo M2jl3p
•0:3«p Oriental Mill— OtfJen and East 'S^Op
t?:OOp Vallejo, IVr: t'o^U ar.d V.'^y Sta-
tions. . . .'. )oi33p
•BiOBp Oregou and California Kxpresti,Hao-
mi ii'i.r.). Mar<stille, HeilillnK.
rmt:.n,,i. i-.v-' Howml and r,n» Mii.ik
ROOM suitable for 1 or 2 In exchange for
assisting boy evenlngu with studies. 1729^
Mi.-slon st.
ROSEDALE. 121 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
Zlc a night: tl a week; transient.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ectar-«treet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *' 2 First Class Including Berth
rMiIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 2S; Feb. 7, 17, 27
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. ...Feb. 2, 12, 22
Short Line to Walla Walla, Sookane. Butte.
Helena and all points In th* Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent*.
ROYAL Hous?, 126 Ellis Et— Incandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlpht. 25c to $1 50: week, 12 to
$?: month. IS to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
*S>l3 a Newark. C'entertill?, San .liae.lVlton,
lioulder Creek.Santa Crux and Way
Stations *3i30»
t2<lSr Newark, Centerfille, San Joae, New
Almauen. t'elton, Itculder Creek,
Esnta i In aad rrinclpaJ Way
Btatloos fIOiVU
Mil.ip Newark. H»n .Ioii«. Lea Gatos. M»:aaA
• I lil3p llnntcra' Kzousion, San Joss and
Way Stations |7»««T
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth *t..
near Market— Furnished ani unfurnished/
BTJTTEB, 1111, nr. larkln— Comfortably furn.
Fi;ig!? suites: also hskpg- : terms reasonable.
TEHAMA. S3— Furnished rooms to let; by the
week or month.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN raiNCISCO — rcat of Marlist Slrett (S!i» 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11-.Ma.M. t1:33 *2:33 t3:C3
•4:C3 tS:C3 *lCorji.
IromOHUSD— rost «f Broidwij.— "«:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
tI3:C3 "I:C3 t2:C3 *3:C3 ti:C3 *8:S:r.ll.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK, r.43 — N!re sunny furnished room; grate,
iras ar.d bath; JS; private family.
WASHINGTON. 1509. near Hyde— Room* and
board: reasonable: private family.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubsrrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
AMERICAN LINE.
KXW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOH. PAHIi
stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
New York Jan. 24 New York Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. 81 St. Louis. ......Feb. 21
St. Paul Feb. 7 Friesland Feb. &t
RED STAR LINE.
New York. at)d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Friesland Jan. 24 I Kensington ....Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 31 ! Noordland Feb. 21
Westernland Feb. 7 | Friesland Feb. 28
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael. Oawson City.
For full Information regarding* freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery at., or any of its agencies.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1222 Polk »t. ; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
Fubf=criptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts. : open till 9 p. m.
16s l»> * Ocean View, ttouth Kin r'rancisco.. t«:3Op
•J:OI»a San Joso ami Way Stutii ns (New
Alaiaden Wr.lnr ul.iji only) *l:SOy
•Bt«P* San Joae. Tres l'luus, Hmita Cmz,
PaciUc (irotd. I'aao Ituhlrs. Baa
* Luis Gljispo, Huif, Lcmgoo aud
Principal Wuy Station* Milltr
•lOi4«a Sail Jo«bbu.l \\*J Stations ; •fl:s.'}*
•lIiUOa San Jnso ami Way .Stations # 3iUo»
ta<43r Ban Matw, lledwoo<l, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Bu.nta Clara, fi»ii .)o»o,
Tres Finos. Bantit (km BVlna*.
Monterey and racifio Cr0T5...... flftiiMx
ftttßflr Man .!»¦•< aii'l Way Stations *7:3<>p
flilOrßan Jose and Principal Way Station* *U: Mi
?3:OOp Sm Jose and Principal W«7 Stations ?«:<>»> »
*s:3oi> San Jose ami Principal Way Station* **:33a
•«:3Op 8m Jose au.l Way Stations f*:O«U
Ill:l5p San Jose and Way Stations *7s:iO»
SPECIAL AOTICES.
BAN Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety — Many cases of diphtheria and scarlet
fever being reported in the city, it has been
decided to admit no visitors or friends of the
children at the San Francisco Protestant Or-
phan Asylum for the present. The health of
the children at the institution is excellent,
and this precaution Is to keep it so. By order
of the prefidrnt.
M. P. MacCRELLISH. Secretary.
LADlES'— Chlchesters English Pennyroyal PIIU
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
tend 4c (lamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return call: at drug-
frlEtß. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
TOYO KISJN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers fcr
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnc.
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. 3
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 31
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offl.-e,
421 Market at., corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
CAPENOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. 518 Market.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1« paces. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
SEWING MACHINES A.M> SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine fup-
jjlles. Standard Agency, 143 Cth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought. Fold, exchanged, rented: re-
rairine at lowe«t rates. 205 Fourth tt.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlceilo. "
MON'.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE 500
STORAGE A.\"D WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Tost Ft., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5715.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE).
A HOME— Pend description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one A. R. DENKB Br..
1400 Webster tt.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
HIJAL ESTATE tOIAUty — For Sale
NEAR town In Tehama County. 444 acres; C 5
acre* full bearing orchard: 200 acres loam; 140
acres grx>d for wheat: balance pasture: house,
barn: price J10,0u0; eapy terms. M. GRIFFIN,
TIS Market Ft.; Illustrated book freo.
DIED.
Bandmann, Juls Kruse, William H.
Barry. Patrick McCurdie. J. J.
Burdell. Mrs. 1L A. Mayer, Charles H.
Coleman, Michael O'Brien, Dennis
Crebbin, William IL Renwlck, James
Crooker (Infant) Roulller. Camille
Devlin. John Sere, John
Evans, William H. Sweeny. Thomas U.
Friedman, Julius . Thornton, Harry
Gaffney, Michael Walther. Christiane
Geary. Jennie Wenslnger, F. S.
Greve, WilUelm Wilson, Maria F.
Hlgfglns, Mary
BANDMANN— In this city. January 22. 1900.
Juls, beloved husband of Antonla F. Band-
mann. and father of Charles J. Bandmann, a
native of Hamburg:. Germany, aged 74 years
and fi months.
IT^Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from Grace Church,
corner ofCallfornia and Stockton streets. In-
terment private. Masonic Cemetery.
BARRY— In this city, January 22. 1900, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Hannah Barry, and
father of James A., Julia A., John F., May,
Eddie. David and the late Michael J. and Ella
E, Barry, a native of Ross-Carbery, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 55 years and 8 months.
C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(¦Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 444 Sixth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem hlch mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BrRDELL— In this city. January 23, 1900, Mrs.
M. A. Burdell, a native of California, aged
to years.
C7"The funeral services will take place
tlis day (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at 767
Mission street. Interment private.
COLEMAN— Drowned at Port Costa, January
14, 1000, Michael, beloved brother of Philip
Coleman. a native cf King-sale, County Cork,
; Ireland, ajred 4S years.
CREBBIN— In this city. January 22, 1900. Wil-
liam H. Crebbin. beloved brother of Mrs.
Charles J. Fox and Mrs. J. J. McGulre, a na-
tive of New Orleans.
(pTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnviu-d to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 527 Treat avenue, thence to St. Peter's
Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul-, commencing at 9:43
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROOKER— In this city. January 24, 1900, In-
fant and beloved daughter of Henrietta and
Arthur Crooker, a native of Ban Francisco,
need 21 days.
DEVLIN— In this city, January 24, ISOO, John,
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Devlin,
father of James, Hugh, John, Alice and Katie
Devlin, Mrs. F. Abry and Mrs. James Tyr-
r<*ll, and brother-in-law of Patrick and
Thomas Martin, a native of County Tyrone,
Ireland.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1920 Filbert street, between Laguna
and Buchanan, thence to St. Brlgld's Church,
where a solemn high mass will be offered for
the renose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EVANS— In this city, January 24, 1900. Wil-
liam Homer, beloved son of Charles and
Pauline Evans, a native of San Francisco,
aged S years and 7 months.
(C7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the narents, 934 Powell street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
FRIEDMAN— Entered Into rest, January 21,
1900, at the Palace. Julius Friedman, a na-
tive of Mltau, Kurland. aged 77 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
GAFFNEY— In this city, January 23, 1900,
Michael Gaffney, a native of Ireland, aged
79 years 3 months and 13 days.
[rbTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
GEARY— In this dry, January 24, 1900, Jennie
Geary (nee CronlnJ. beloved wife of Henry
Geary, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years.
GREVE— In this city, January 22, 1900, Wll-
helm, beloved son of Marie Greve, a native of
Bremen. Germany, azed 68 years and 6
months.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In this city, January 23, 1900, at her
residence. 224 Sixth avenue, Mary Hlgfflns,
beloved wife of John Hlgglns, a native of
Ireland.
(CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from Star of the Sea
Church, corner of Point Lobos and Eighth
avenues, where a mass will be said for the
repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
KRUSE— In Llvermore. January 23, 1900, Wil-
liam H. Kruse. beloved brother of Edward
and Emll T. Kruse, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 39 years 2 months and 15 days.
(CTFuneral this day (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from 620 Turk street. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
McCURDIE— In this city, January 24, 1300, J.
j; McCurdie, a native of Philadelphia, aged
66 years.
MAYER— In this city, January 23, 1900. Charles
Henry, beloved son of Mary and Henry J.
Mayer, grandson of Mrs. yon Glahn, and
nephew of Charles. George. Annie and Albert
Mayer, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 18 days.
O'BRIEN— In this city, January 23, 1900, Den-
nis O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged 67
years.
RENWICK— In this city, January 24, 1900.
James, beloved husband of Anna Renwlck
and father of Mrs. R. H. Roane, the late
Mrs. William McNaughton and Kate and
Louise Renwlck, a native of England, aged 71
years 9 months and 1 day.
ROULLIER— In this city, January 23, 1900
Camille Roullier. beloved son of Mr. and Mrs
Camille Roulller, and stepbrother of Gerald
and Earl Roulller. a native of San Francisco,
acpd 23 years. •
(E7Tuneral this day (Thursday), at 9
o'clock, from his father's residence. 523 Golden
. Gate avenue, thence to French Church of
Notre Dame dcs Vlctolrea. Bush street, where
t V lO.OOO,
t^.GOO,
i22.^'J.
121,000.
112,^:
(10.000.
JGOOO.
ESOOt
11THOMAS U. SWfcENY.
DEATH yesterday morning claimed Thomas U. Sweeny, one of the first
settlers In what la now known as Sunset Valley, after a lingering Illness
of several months. The .deceased had been a sufferer from palsy for a
number of years, and had not attended to business, of any conse
quence of late.
The collecting of his rents and the management of his affairs he
entrusted to his brother-in-law, William E. Lane of 603 California street, to
whom he was much devoted. Unlike the great majority of wealthy pio
neers. Mr. Sweeny did not wait until after his death to distribute his means
to philanthropic purposes or the rearing of monuments to his memory. He
left one that will be a. reminder of his generosity as long as Golden Gate
Park exists. This monument Is known as "Sweeny's Observatory." It is
situated on the summit of Strawberry Hill, overlooking the broad Pacific
Ocean, the hills of Marin County, and the skirting southwest slopes of the
peninsula >n which he lived and died an honored member of society. In
addition to this monument, the forest of pine trees that stands on the lands
of the late Adolph Sutro on the w«.st slope of the Twin Peaks were planted
by him years ago, and at a time when this ¦ place was regarded an outside
settlement and too remote to be considered a portion of San Francisco. His
gift of tbo observatory to the people of this city and coast cost him about
120,000. "<:' k
The deceased was In his seventy-first year. He first saw the light of day
in Ihe State of New York, which he left in ISSI on board of a sailing vessel
destined for Chagres. Walking across the Isthmus of Panama, he sailed on
a ship for San Franciscb, where he landed after forty-nine days on March i,
1552, with but $15. After looking around San Francisco he went to Sacra
mento. On the night of his arrival the levee broke and the city was flooded.
For six days young Sweeny lived on bread and cheese. He next went to the
Diamond Springs mine, having by this time the sum of $150. in his pocket.
Fifty cents went for a pick and the same amount for a pan, and the last 50
cents for something to eat. After a year he returned to San Francisco.
Since the death of his wife ne resided at his home. 1401 Seventh avenue.
Being without Immediate heirs his estate, which is estimated at over $100,000,
will b<» divided between the relative* of his wife and some distant relatives In
And AH Forms of Itching, Scaly Humors Are
Instantly Relieved and Speedily
Cured by CUTICURA.
The itching and burning I suffered in my feet and limbs for three years
Were terrible. At night they were worse and would keep me awake a
-^ — N greater part of the night. I consulted
f doctor after doctor, as I was travelling
\ _<^-rry <cL on tDe roa( * most °f m y time, also oue
\^^r **&\~~~~*~~X*^ of our city doctors. None of the doc-
f' — 4/^\ \\ I >v tor 3 new what the trouble was. I got
* — ~7< *\j??S iA \\ / \\ a lot of the different samples of the mcdi-
/ j^V v '2?"^\ j f /// i\ clnes I had been using. I found them
/ V VMy / \\l \\ of so many different kinds that I con-
/ \ \ N. y \vJl n \ eluded that I would liave to go to a
I ?N^\ Af 0 \ Cincinnati hospital before I would get
1 V>V^ jC^Sk f \ re^ e '- h a( * frequently been urged to
K\ \va--^jk<^SL \ 0 tryC'CTicußA Remedies, but I had no
\\\ A Vx^^^riv- \ in them. My wife finally prevailed
l \\ A \^l -o.l^^N upon me to try them. I'resto! What
V"-^?^! / S,t N '/^f^sv a change! lam now cured, and it is a
/^^HjN^iy \/^--~-^) permanent cure. I ieel like kicking
«4j ' jf^ { \\£ y eomedoctorormyself for suffering three
St \ j -— / years when I could have used CUTICUBA
X I^^v^ \rr Remedies.
\ \ )\ I H. JENKINS, Middleboro, Ky.
COMPLETE TREATMENT $1.25
Consisting of Ccticuba Soap (25c.), to
cleauso the skin of crus'A and scales and
eoften the thickened cuticle, Cuticura
Ointment (50c.). to instantly allay itching,
irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and
heal, and Ccticcra. Resolvent (50c.), to
cool and cleanse the Mo "I, is often sufficient
to euro tha most torturing, disfiguring skin,
scalp, and blood humors, rashes, and irrita-
-*™ ~ *"--T=a— « tjons with loss of liair when physicians, hos-
pitals, and all else fail. Bold thronghont tlie world. Potter Diico and Cuem.
Ccmr., bolo Props., Uoston. " How to Furify and Beautify tho Skin," free.
fee only Crmccn* Soap for baby'e *kln, scalp, an<i hair. It Is not only the pnreet,
sueeteft, au«i mo-t rcfn-nhlnsr of nurrery KM.pt, Imt it contains rfelicnte, emol-
Mil! lONS lient propcitleß. o!.ta.inc.J troia CUTK CR4,ttic great fkin cure, which pfceerve,
n ' c iiurify, and bi autify the ekin, scalp, and hslr, and prevent elmplo rUd blem-
tr 'fhee from becoming beriouu. For dlt-trehMnß heat raehes, rhafln^s, inflam-
MfTTHFR^ nwtioii-. and cruptionß, for crnstcd, itching irritations of the M-alp, with dry,
W "J ntno thin, and iallirijr hair, for H, rou(?h handa, and shapclew nails, and simple In-
Umvlt Uumuie. A is al/sulutcly laditiicauaLia
39 STOCKTON ST.. neap Market
(Old number 21 Stockton st.)
TELEPHONE MAIN 53:2.
We don't sell bargain groceries; w» DO
sell groceries at bargains three days each
week; six days every week we sell them
low and lower than anybody and guar-
antee them to te or first Quality.
ECGS, Fresh Ranch, dozen-.. 25c
0 X WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 boh $2
Gallon $3.00
Finest quality of thia
well-known brand.
Regularly $1 and J4.
SOUPS (?STd^£W, 3 cans. --25c
Chicken. Oxtail, Mock Turtle.
Mullagatawney, Vegetable.
Tomato, Julienne, Consurame, eta.
Prepared from the very best
Ingredients.
Kecularly 10c a can.
COFFEE, I XL Blend, Ib 20c
Roasted or ground-
Sure to i>leaae.
Rerularly 30c.
MINCE MEAT, condensed, 4 pigs 25c
A package will make
2 laree or 3 small ple».
Regularly 10c a pkg.
TOILET PAPER, 6 pkgs 25c
Our country brand— sood quality.
Regularly 4 jOTj 0T jsc.
FRENCH VERMOUTH, bot 55c
Noilly. Prat & Co.. Marseilles.
Regularly 65c.
MAIL ORDERS SOLTCITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
"PATRIOTISM" HIS
THEME IN LIEU
OF "EXPANSION"
Hon. M. M. Estee on
the Rostrum.
HONORED LINCOLN'S MEMORY
ADVOCATES A MONUMENT ON
THE PANHANDLE.
Hon. M. M. Estee's proposed lecture at
Metropolitan Temple last evening: on
"Problems of Free Government— Trusts,
Monopolies and Expansion" for the bene
fit of the Lincoln Monument League was
not delivered, the reason being the small
ness of the audience. But an entertain
ment varied In detail was promptly sub
stituted and thereby patriotism was stim
ulated. Mr. Estee spoke In a conversa
tional way, giving anecdotes of Lincoln
and urging all those present to be mis
sionaries to help the league to erect a
Lincoln monument in this city.
Judge M. Cooney presided. Mr. Orr
played a cornet solo. Miss P. E. Ryan
sang, accompanied by Miss Beatrice
Tojetti. Brief remarks were made by
Lieutenant Governor Neff, Judge Cooney,
Chief Justice Beatty, State School Super
intendent Kirk and General N. P. Chip
man as a prelude to the speech by Mr.
Estee. Judge Cooney announcea that
Lieutenant Governor Neff had when pars
ing the box office deposited $20 in aid ot
the cause, which fact was hailed with
applause.
Mr. Estee then told about Lincoln's pax
don of the sentry who slept on his post In.
the Wilderness and of the man who shout
ed "Louder!" when Mr. Lincoln was lec
turing, only to be told by that humorist
that he was not losing near as much as
he fancied if he did not hear. Then he
came to the work of the league. He sala
that between $2uUO and $3(XX> was In bank
to the credit of the fund. Five men had
to sign an order to get any of it out. One
of these was likely to die and then no one
could get it out. The fund was safe. What
was needed was to have it increased so
that a tine monument might be erectea
In memory of the great emancipator at
the lower end of the park panhandle at
Van Ness avenue when the park should
be extended. There it might stand to re
mind the coming generations that this
was the land of Lincoln and of Washing
ton; that this was the land of the free;
that one stroke of the pen made free four
million slaveß.
In his opinion any man who was born
in the United States and was not proud
of that fact ought to be shot. Nowhere
else on earth were there 75,000,000
of people so happy and prosperous, and
their happiness and prosperity were due
to the republican form of government.
Recently a rich New Yorker had gone out
of the country to live because It was
more aristocratic to spend his money
abroad. The country lost little in logins
him. Manhood was the Mrength of a free
country and not money. There weie no
imperialists among Americans. There
were expansionists, but expansion and im
perialism' were not synonomous. There
were no imperialists nearer than South
Africa, and they were getting pretty
badly licked. He hoped that every on*
present would go out to work for the
Lincoln monument..
After the address the audience sang
"America, being led by Cornetist Orr.
Then there were cheers for the memory
of Lincoln and brief rerrarks by Mr« F
S. Bowley, president of the Ladies' Auxil
iary of the league, which brought the ex
ercises to a close.
NO CRIMINAL INTENT SHOWN
Case of Felony Embezzlement Against
C. A. Hawkins Dismissed by
Judge Conlan.
The case of C. A. Hawkins, manager for
the White Sewing Machine Company,
charged with felony embezzlement by 11.
J. Devlin, ex-local agent for the company,
was dismissed by Judt;e Conlan yester
day. The Judge remarked that no crimi
nal intent had been shown, and the case
was one for the civil courts to decide.
Devlin had been under J2OOO bonds while
local asent, and after his discharge he
went with his bondsmen to Hawkins and
put up $2000 so that they could be released
from any liability. Hawkins retained the
money and declined to deliver up the bond,
as he alleged that Devlin was indebted to
the company in outstanding notes for ma
chines to an amount In excess of $2000.
slPPPlipsl^S{|i||Sl|S^S|iSlffi!S^|SlSl|^
•ffi: "the lowest-priced house in America for good goods." -—-»
1 lace curtain news. |
"Si. >'-* -£-\ c. what do we know about lace jr=r.
:E3: W^^N^v £ r 'i§! curtains? probably mo-t, being •£££
'•H3* : s\f\ I^^^?? the Iar S est t-uyers of them in jIB:
w I !^^l^^ ! '^ theWtst. careful people have rjg;
S 7jj! \ I P^SgSi^ come t0 depend on Hale's W -—h»
•IB: /N iVmii y^\ f '\ F tains - Hre are some °f the ,j
i^r- II \)jry< fr dependable kind at about two- *jg!
:4EI: 4El M j , thirds regular value: |=g?
i» — ' \\r • ,' just .arrived yestfrday, 3 n;\v pat- rr^?
•Ifi: I / \ IV! terns, 50, 54and 58incnes wiJs by 3', ••"**
•^ \A\ '(\ W ' y . a:ds long ' beautiful de- eg rfi '.ffl:
:H3: (/I, 1 r\\ 4l si-ns— per pair, only 4>l-^ 'JS
* ; / J f'.l \ \v| »tt>«
:H3: // /{ TX'ni 9=o pa}rs ecru anl vvh '^ 'ace cur* ?Jd:
•*^:: 'LJl££^~~~^ZC " "ijrd ? tains, 3 yards lonjr, 40 inches wid?» jttj;
:m: J regular 75c anJ 85; lin;s— to- /C/y,, "it
•xjn p^T = <vv v /' I day. only, per pair (JVC :jd:
|^_C l^B^fT"-- ¦--»¦-• others from 50c to $7.50 prr pair |tg|
W~: flannelette prices cut so as kitchen the List few days or ir^;
:rB : wrappers t0 P la « these aprons ths WHITE SALE £TDJ
jg: reduced. f.^V-LVs',! sale. S&SSSfflf £ g
*-— : haves within the reach of all. economical buyers, as a case In :*tS:
'SO: they come in stripes, rolka dots pom:: here are 100 dozen ladies' ',
•tr>: and Pretty figures, dain:il/ trim- kitchen aprons o; kooJ Lancns- ITfi*
•iE: m^ d - several dozen lor to-day's ter gingham— neat blue and '-±=+
:rB:: rB: selilnz have b2en Priced... go brown apron ch.-cks, 36 Inches ilfi:
"*—• VOL, j on? r by 42 inches wLe, 1 in;n r^S
•IB: x y e I* 5l rt 22 5 t0 S2. others $1.75 band and string— ?ach only-15c :«&
+£y and $1.50. prr doz-n, $1.65. fTpi
:/"|: /"| Hudnut's perfumery for card prizes. l£2f
tin; /vil/\Tr/Nn "Alice" and Arnold Mrs - Reynolds, who *'ffi'
.ml jTIOVPQ Foster lacing ArUOIQ demonstrates the cele- • X *V
* ' ft AY * V/U« 4- button kid Of"OOdS brated Arnold knit •«*?
•IB* «ir»« ton a k Bloves. broken &«"«^« Koo d 3 . will be here only tttX
'^ LJ : ?"f es ' - ta "- red. brown, pearl, cream. 3 more days, do not fall to hear her -— ¦»
•m- rray. av3 f and black, a regular «Q/-» talk on these wonderful goods for la- '.VPZ
:JD: ?! K'ove— now only OO^ dies and children, aslc for a catalogue. »**y
•"m* li we P leose you. tell others; if we don't, tell us. tlftt
:rp; our a - _. ?* t fc
•Si fw/Zfetr/ -meet *^^>29!$ / gS>%ts* " tha "" Ofl ISS
ft-; buyer m e I® g G&i&^^fr sa t /s . buyer
:H3 : f>as at M y^SP^T^py factory is ]±S
?= gone Male's." **ZZ°O£GOCO/ — j
stt* East. 4. 4. 935-947 Market St. 1 — — I East. IES
Michael Jones' Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Michael Purcell Jones
was filed yesterday. W. J. Somers, J. A.
Weston and A. O. Cotton, the appraisers,
find the estate to be worth $327,293.
MISS STORI'S NEW STUNT.
Actress Flays the Violin on the Street
and Passes the Hat.
About 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon a
crowd gathered on the corner of Post and
Kearny streets, intent upon watching a
youn to - woman, who, with, violin and bow,
£v-s:* OR JORDAN'S great
Museum of bhatomy
A Q) 1351 Hi22ST CT. fci. t±iTX fLt.bl
\ E3" TI >c LarzM Anatomic*! Museum in the
A <s%^» World \Vsikne".es vt i v contracted
W fS&M d.sea«e pc»lU»»ly rarc4!<y the oldevt
9 /gLCdI i> P« cl *" itrßthe C u ««- Kit vyn-
£ tf^B:a dr. jorsan-prjvate diseases
V R JPvb 0 rr " :aicr " P e " on;1 "y "« t>v letter A
ar if \\w> w'-i-f-.rw '-i-f-.r Book PBILOHUfOIc'
" i I MtnaiAGE, v.ailud FK&a. <A
A v (j> vilaa-J j book for ara)
7 Dlt JOBDAS &CO . 1051 Market St. B. 9.
Bonny's Will Admitted.
The will of the late George Bonny, a
stockholder In the firm of Shreve & To.,
was admitted to probate by Judge CofTcv
yesterday. George c. Sampson, B.
Bonny and A. W. Bradbury testified as to
the genuineness of the testament, after
which the order admitting it to probate
was made.
Dr. Parker's Couch Cure. One dose will «top
a cough. Never falls. Try Hi All druggists. •
Come Just to See.
Special Premiums Giieo Free.
Great American Importlno; Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere
zoo Stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NON-UNION MEN ASK
FOR POLICE PROTECTION
OFFICERS ESCORT CLOAK-MAK
ERS FROM WORK
Strikers Accused of Threatening Bod
ily Harm to Men Who Refuse
to Join Them in Securing
Satisfaction.
Davidson & Miller, manufacturing:
cloakmakers at 731 Market street, whose
men are on a strike, appealed last night
to the police for protection. Captain Spil
lane sent Officers Phil Fraher and Mc-
Dowell to guard the premises.
The members of t7ie firm claim that the
strikers are trying to intimidate their
employes. Harry Secher of 543 Steven
ron street and Jacob Rosen of 116 Russ
street, who are employed by Davidson &
Miller, were afraid- to go to their homes
last evening for fear of Deing waylaid and
beaten Both men refused to "walk out"
when the other employes did. Policemen
Fraher and McDowell saw them both to
their doors and will do so every night
until the strike Is ended.
GETS HEAVY DAMAGES.
Minerva Lyons Secures Judgment
Against Hotel Savoy Owners.
Minerva Lyons, who was seriously in
jured In an elevator accident in the Hotel
Savoy on October 11, 1898, was awarded
judgment yesterday against the owners
of the hotel. A. Aronson and V. Mene3i,
and the lessee, Mrs. Addle Hesthal, by a
jury In Judge Cook's court for the sum
of $7000. The plaintiff was hurled out of
the elevator and fell two stories Into the
basement. The testimony proved the
plaintiff's contention that the careless
ness of the defendant's employes wa« re
sponsible for the accident, and the ?ury
gave judgment In accordance with their
views.
When that tired feeling comes along, side-
track It with Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
DEATH OF THE FOUNDER OF
THE PARK OBSERVATORY
3-Day Specials !
NEWHOUSE ILLEGALLY
HELD FOR FORGERY
JUDGE DUNNE DISMISSES THE
CHARGE AGAINST HIM.
TJhpolds Defendant's Contention That
He Did Not Commit a Public
Offense and That It Was
Not Alleeed.
The charge of forgery against Oscar
Newhouse. made by his mining associate,
E. A. Wiltsee, has fallen, and Judge
Dunne has ordered the dismissal of the
defendant.
Newhouse was charged with having
forged a receipt purporting to have been
given him by the Fulton Engineering and
Shipbuilding Works on the payment of
$632 10 for machinery. Wiltsee claimed
that the receipt was not genuine, as it
had been raised. The defendant was held
to answer to the Superior Court on the
charge named. A writ of habeas corpus
was sworn out on behalf of Newhouse
and argued before Judge Dunne.
It was contended by counsel represent
ing the accused that the complaint -lid
not charge a public offense; that thv?re
was no evidence to show that the instru
ment alleged to be forged Is in fact a
forged Instrument or that it is not gen
uine; that there was no evidence to chow
that the instrument was ever uttered,
published or passed as true or genuine
to E. A. Wiltsee. or to any other person.
The court found that the contentions of
the petitioner were well based, and said
that, . after reviewing the testimony, it
appeared that the committing magistrate
held the petitioner to answer, not because
he was guilty of a forgery, "but because
he was guilty of some offense."
The writ was granted and the prisoner
was discharged.
PIONEER HALL was filled last night with argo
nauts and their children and grandchildren, gathered
to celebrate the anniversary of the discovery of gold
In California. The Society of Pioneers gave a recep
tion and ball, and not less than half a thousand guests ac
cepted the Invitations and enjoyed the lavish hospitality
of the men who crossed the plains In the forties.
Prior to the reception John S. Hittell gave a short ad
dress, recounting briefly the history of the pioneers. "To
day we celebrate the gold discovery in this, our State," he
said. "That discovery gave an Impulse to the industry of
the civilized world, increased the wealth and power of the
United States, lifted California from insignificance to
great Importance and changed the course of life for the
members of this, society. It threw them into a tumult of
business wonderful in magnitude and variety, bringing
them Into an environment most favorable to mental and
physical exertion.
"Those who came to California before 1850 and they
only are recognized by us as pioneers. They numbered,
excluding those of Spanish blood, about 100,000, of whom
one-half came overland in 1549. Some walked the whole
distance of 2000 miles, and thus became accustomed to
hardships. They were of necessity an independent class
of men, and any man might be proud to be one of them.
After 1852 the pioneers were a minority, and after 1557
they did not constitute more than one-tenth of the popu
lation of the State, while the total number who joined
the society did not exceed 3500."
The speaker referred to the achievements of those pio
neers whose names will be forever woven into the history
of the State, and leld of the evidences of State-buildingleft
by Lick, Hager, Adolphus Russ. Parrott, Flood, O'Brien.
Fair. Hawes, Halleck, Peachy. Billings, Tevls. Wll
merdlng, Field, Sherman, Dwindle, Randolph, Coleman,
Burnett, Larkln, Bidwell and Friable, most of whom are
no longer among the living membership of the society. Mr.
Hittell said that the State had been very generous to her
pioneers and had liberally rewarded their labors, as Is
evidenced by the large proportion who are, or who have
been, rated as millionaires.
After the address the floor was cleared for the ball and
for several hours the silver-headed pioneers had the satis
faction of proving that they are still as light of foot and
gay of heart as the generation that call them father and
grandfather. During the dreamy waltz the pioneers per
haps did not take the honors of the floor, but to the music of
the polka, the quadrille or the lancers, the men who
sought gold dust with pick and shovel half a century ago
were decidedly in their element, and but for the natural
evidences *hat years leave they might be thought to be
as young as when they watched dark-eyed senoritas
dance the cachuca at old Monterey or Yerba Buena.
Among the pioneers whose heads are white none entered
more thoroughly into the spirit of the occasion than ex-
Chlef Lees, who appeared to have taken on new life since
relieved of the task of catching crooks.
A banquet was served In the lower hall and on the
upper floor the dancers were served with pink lemonade
and "pioneer punch." The officers of the evening were:
Floor manager, Roberts Vandercook; floor committee —
R, R. Russ, F. A. Phelps, J. M. Baker, Ed Duisenberg,
George N. Van Orden, W. Z. Tiffany; reception commit
tee—George C. Sargent, W. L. Duncan, C. D. Cleveland,
H. Bouton, H. H. Welch, A. R. Cotton.
D. O. MILLS GAINS
A NEW POSITION
was playing selections from "Carmen,"
"Trovatore" and other operas. After her
performance the hat was passed and
many nickels and dimes were collected
from the applauding crowd.
The young woman was Marie Storl of
the "Gay Coney Island" Company, now
at the Alhambra. A few minutes before
she had approached a professional street
violinist and asked him to lend her his
instrument for a few" minutes in order
to earn a few dollars for him. He readily
consented. The crowd caught on to the
idea, and in very little time the street
was blocked with people.
Some say that the performance of Miss
Stori was on a wager, others that it was
a press agent's scheme. The violinist
didn't care which, seeing that he got the
returns.
Elected Director of the
New York Central.
SUCCESSOR TO H. J. HAYDEN
WALL STKEET BELIEVES THE
ROAD IS STRENGTHENED.
NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— D. O. Mills has
been elected a director of the New York
Central Railroad to succeed H. J. Hay
den, resigned. In consideration of long
and valuable services, Mr. Hayden Is to
be retained as vice-president, although
the duties of that officer are now merely
perfunctory. Speaking of the election of
Mr. Mills as a director, President Callo
way said:
"This Is significant only as marking the
carrying out of Mr. Vanderbllt's policy
to have the very best men In the New
York Central board. '
D. O. Mills Is one of the largest stock
holders in the Erie Railroad and a direc
tor in the Lake Shore. He has large
financial interests with J. Pierpont Mor
gan and with the Rockefellers, and the
railroad financiers of Wall street regard
his entry into the New York Central as
strengthening the Vanderbllt-Morgan-
Rockefeller combination.
Another matter of Importance deter
mined by the New York Ceneral direc
tors to-day was the taking over of all of
the dining and lunch rooms along the
lines of the system. Hereafter the pas
senger department of the New York Cen
tral will control and operate all of the
station dining rooms, as well as the din-
ing cars.
Senator Chauncey M. Depew attended
the Vanderbllt meeting to-day, and as he
was leaving the board room he was asked
If there was any truth in the stories that
the Chicago and Northwestern Railway
Company was to lease the Union Pacific.
Without hesitation he replied: "There is
not a word of truth In the stories. The
Chicago and Northwestern will not lease
the Union Pacific.
President C. P. Huntlngton of the
Southern Pacific Railway Company said
to-day that Darius O. Mills had been' a
director of the company for two months
and that It was likely that John W.
Mackay would become a director soon.
In what measure these new directors
could be considered the direct or personal
representatives of the interests which
bought the Crocker or the Stanford
stock he did not say. •
! ers of a healthy public policy or a de
cent manhood.
His hearers were dumfounded. This
was a depth of political dishonor to which
they did not think he would descend.
And then they returned to their own
meeting-room. Mayor Phelan had an
gered them, insulted them and disgusted
them. He had attempted to place upon
them the consequences of his own politi
cal mistakes and they resented his lnpu
dence. In the last analysis it Is they who
will be responsible In lost dignity and
stained honor and they still Insist that
they are something more than playthings
of the Mayor.
After they had left the Mayor's office
Esola entered into the presence of his
Honor to confer and counsel with him.
But the ambitious lieutenant did not seem
to receive much encouragement. He has
discovered through his sponsor that it Is
not easy to buy men of honor. The Police
Commissioners discussed the matter in
secret session for two hours and then ad
journed until to-day at 4 o'clock.
At this time It is expected that three
reports will be filed in reference to the
investigation of Esola. These reports
will be submitted by Commissioners New
hall, Thomas and Blggy. Commissioner
Newhall will find that Esola is incom
petent for the position he seeks. Com
missioner Biggy will decide that Esola is
Incompetent and that there are other rea
sons why he should not be Chief of
Police. Commissioner Thomas will also
file a judgment of incompetency against
the lieutenant, but will clear him of the
charges preferred by an evening news
paper.
Shameful Tactics of the Mayor in His
Desperate Effort to Carry Out His
Disgraceful Compact. '
THE Police Commissioners hara not
yet named a Chief of Police. They
met yesterday afternoon and for
nearly two hours in secret session
discussed the momentous problem
before them, but reached no «-on
clusion, There is a deadlock in the com
mission, two members standing ready to
deliver themselves, their personal honor
and political future as the chattel pledges
ct Mayor Phelan'a debts, and the other
two members insisting that they cannot
be cold to satltfy any man's obligations
cr.d will rot be stamped with the shr.ms
ful mark that will make them another
man's property.
Mayor Phelan !s striving with the des
peration of a losing gambler to make
grood his ante-election bond. His impu
dence in striving with every effort of offi
cial power to hell four honorable men to
blacklegs has stung two of the Commis
doners. They rightly consider themselves
as worthy as he in the scales of mental
or moral worth. They have as much and
more to lose in the estimation of the peo
ple of San Francisco as he, and they have
a future which they do not care to jeop
ardize or stain by a dishonorable act.
The Mayor, however, seems to forget
this, and he attempted again yesterday to
force the Commissioners, who will not
bare themselves to his brand, to appoint
Esola Chief of Police. Mayor Phelan has
now utterly discarded the mtisk which he
attempted to hold to his face. He no
longer pretends to occupy a position
either of honor or dignity. He is almost
a s^lf-a vowed scheming, greedy, unscru
pulous politician, using his office to ad
vance his political fortunes at whatever
cost may follow to the people of San
Francisco.
He is not blind to the consequences,
which have followed the expose of his
base motives and selfish schemes. He has
winced under the excoriation of the news
papers of the State as well as of the city.
Even in his blind egotism he can see that
his plot to turn the Police Department of
this city into a huge aßency of evil has
brought upon him the contempt and the
condemnation of the people of California.
And now he lusts for the poor vindica
tion that he thinks will come with the
eucce^s of his unworthy compact.
He made yesterday a piteous appeal to
two of the Commissioners to elect Esola
at least acting Chief in order that he.
the Mayor of the city, may rind some Jus
tification for his unworthy conduct in a
partial success. He had already used his
tactics of threat and insinuation, but to
no purpose. He then begged for a com
promise, so that he may crawl from out
of the bargain which is playing such
havoc with his political hopes. He asked
those Commissioners to appoint Esola at
least in a temporary capacity and then
at their pleasure to remove him.
The Mayor cares nothing now for the
ambitious lieutenant and his absurd pre
tentious. The storm of public indignation
is about the ears of his Honor and it is
he who must endure its ravage. But the
Commissioners would not compromise.
They hold their honor not so lightly as
does his Honor.
Ho thinks that by making Esola Chief
of Police he will, in a wretched victory,
save himself from the confusion of utter
failure. He never can restore himself to
<he position from which he has fallen, but
he thinks that it is better to be a success
ful manipulator than a thoroughly routed
and unmasked schemer. So he sent yes
terday for certain members of the com
mission and begged them to give their
votes to Esola. He acted in precisely the
capacity of a man who attempts to bribe
a jury. He used his high office as a club
and a menace, prostituting its power to
as base uses as ever it was put.
The Mayor told these Commissioners
that he must van and that his victory is
Involved in the election of Esola as Chief
of Police. The good name of the Mayor of
this city has become dependent upon the
success of a man with an alias, upon the
victory of a perjurer, upon the triumph
of a petty official, who was once dismissed
from a place of responsibility for lncom
petency. This Is the disgraceful position
now held by the Mayor of San Francisco.
He Insisted yesterday that Esola be
elected. That was his single thought,
¦which had driven from his brain all oth-
PHELAN PLEADS FOR
HIS DISHONEST BOND
Imp-ores Two Commissioners to
Elect F. L. Esola,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1900.
PIONEERS AGAIN CELEBRATE
THE DISCOVERY OF GOLD
y'-^^k / •</ . \ v^-Sv/
Office Furniture.
Four - foot Antique C« — r\r\
Roller-top D.-sk •PIO'UU
Large Variety of Revolving Book-
Cases and Offi.e Chairs.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
10/7-/023 MISSIOH STKBBT,
flbav* Slxtfr.
Rune tnUi I*. °p« *>»alap.
Send for New Illustrated Catalog.
12