into her hands and glared savagely at the boy playing
Eand pies outside.
"Your auntie was just showing me this picture of
you when you were a little girl," I remarked casually
from the depths of the family album. ¦ "It must have
been takls ages ago."
"H'm. That's awful old. Taken when I lived at the
lighthouse."
"Lighthouse? What lighthouse?"
".'Point Conception." '
"Was it fun there?"
"You bet it was fun. That's where I learned 'to
shoot.. Papa Young gave me a rifle and ..we used *o
climb over the rocks and hunt all day. We'd fish, too.
I was only 8 years old when we left there. Sometimes
I guess I'd like to be back an' have some more fun
with him. He's dead now."
"An' that's his picture, lookin' as if he was talkin'
to you," put in Mrs. Young.
I wriggled secretly and sought relief by asking if the
shooting was good thereabouts.
"Bad. The ducks don't fly, an' I don't shoot unless
they do. Sometimes it's pretty good over to Lake
Merced, but not now. Lake^ Merced's back here just
a little way, you know. That's the only place I go to
shoot."
"Lillie won't shoot a duck except on the wing,
That's why we ain't havin' so many duck dinners just
now. But she's a good shot Go get your rifle and
show the lady, Lillie."
"Aw-r." She glared into the outdoors once more.
We left the rifle subject drop.
', "What do you find to do around here in the place of
fishing?" ;
"Aw,- there's ridin'.' I ride bareback a lot."
"She can jump a horse that's runnin' in the field an'
ride off bareback on it."
' "SJbx'a knna'.ivhjw.^o. lasso, any thins from pigs to
runnin' loose outdoors."
"Don't see why they" should yell at me just becanj*
I do." • ' - x
"Do they, really?"
"Yes, they yell 'tomboy,' and they run" after me com
in' home." • %>% >
"Then what do you do?"
"I give 'em what they need when they get too fresh.
See this hat? It looks bad to-day, but it had. some
trimmin' on yesterday. A boy swiped it off and
climbed up on the house with it. Then he yelled."
"What did you do?"
"What did I do? H'm. I made him come down.
What did you think I'd do?"
"There, don't speak so rough. How you do talk,
Lillir
"Aw, get out."
"There, hear that. But I hate to put any restraint
upon her," Mrs. Young ventured timidly.
"Aw," said Lillie. "I ain't rough. They say a tot
o' things about me that ain't so. I'll lick 'em if they
say I'm rough."
As I snapped the album shut a loose picture fell to
the floor. I picked it up. It was a half-tone- cut from
some magazine, a copy of one of Sir Joshua's ladies of
long ago.
"A man sent that in a letter to auntie. He said that
was how I'm goin' to look some day when I grow up."
I looked at the majesty, the calm, the commanding
gentleness. I looked at the lanky, jersey-clad figure
opposite, the rude hat jerked forward out of shape. It
was absurd. But when I looked at the real eyes and
the picture eyes I was startled. They were so alike
that the one's might have served as models for the
other's.
. "Do you think you will grow to look like her?"
"I don't know. She's a lot prettier'n I am. She'i
awful pretty. Don't you think so?"
It was so wistful, pathetic. She will 'Hick 'em" be
cause they call her rough and so lead them on to call
her rougher. And all the time she will steal into the
coH 'little straight-lined parlor when nobody is around
and peep at the beautiful, dainty lady in the album and
wonder if she will ever grow to be like that
And I wondered what kind of a man he was that sent
the picture and what he thought when he sent it? Did -
he mean it for a cruel, taunting joke? Or' did he really'
notice the eyes? SARAH COMSTOCK. '
"Sh-sh! Never mind. Come into the parlor."
"I won't never mind, an' I won't 'sh-sh.' Who is it,
I say?"
There was some whispering, some grunting, then
louder remonstrance. "I don't want to see the com
p'ny. I tell you I haven't got time. After I get
through hangin' by my heels I've got to go and dig
that^ posthole. Who'll do it, I'd like to know, if I
don't? You can't get your new gate hung till the post
holes are dug.'can you?"
In the midst of all which Lillie entered and gave
me a cloudy reception.
Fifteen, they say. Taller already by a half head than
the timid, toddling little foster mother, and there is^
time to grow more. She is long and spare and sinuous,
firm footed and clear eyed and ruddy checked with
Saxon ruddiness. She wore a close, short skirt, heavy
shoes, clinging sweater and soft hat pulled low.
She stood 'before me in a mood of lurking mutiny
and said, "Yes. ma'am," in the voice of-.an angry con
vict. But I did not ask her how old she was nor
whether she had any little brothers and sisters nor
even what she got for Christmas." If conditions had
been a little more favorable I think she and I might
have got along in time. ¦>;; : ,
"Sit down and talk to the lady, Lillie dear," said
Mrs. Young.
"Aw-r," said Lillie. It might have been the word o(
a dog whose bone is in danger. But she did sit down
and leaned her elbows on the sill and , s un k her chin
horses ever since she was born," said Mrs. Young. '
i "Aw."
"Well, you can." -
"That's nothin'."
"Well, I guess it's a good deal. Don't you say so?"
i Yes, I said so.
, "An' she can box, too. Papa Young taught her to
box. He thought a lot of her, an' she did of him —
didn't you? She's never had any regular lessons, but*
she'd like to have. Wouldn't you?"
"Aw."
"She" hasn't got any gloves, but she can use 'em a
little. She boxes with the knuckles bare, though."
"Look here, now, I ain't goin' to have people think
I'm a fighter. I ain't. I don't hit anybody that don't
hit me first. They yell at me an' I have to hit 'em."
"Why do they yell at you?"
"Aw, I don't know. 'Cause they're mean. 'Cause
I wear this sweater, maybe."
"Now, Lillie, there's nothing the matter ;with that
sweater. It's a bicycle sweater, isn't it?"
f I was sure it was a bicycle sweater. Did she ride a
wheel? W, '
"She can, but she hasn't got one. She'd like to,
though. You'd ride a wheel if you had one, wouldn't
you, Lillie?" ' . ' ••'. v
"What do you s'pose I'd do? Stand it up in the
corner of the parlor to look at?"
"Well, there, of course not."
A feeble little dog whimpered at the door. "Aw. it's
Dicksoh," Lillie. said. '"Come in,, poor little Dick.
He's sick." she explained: .
She picked him up in her lanky arms and soothed
his' sorry feelings. "He'll be all right pretty soon —
soon's I nurse him up," she said. "He's got a pretty
bad foot, but I know how to take care of it. Don't I,
Dickie? Poor little Dick! Did it hurt him so bad?"
"It's time for you to set the table. Lillie."
"I don't want to set the table. Didn't I tell you I
have to dig that post hole? I can't bother about tables."
"She does hate to work in the house. She used to
like school, pretty well, though. She was smart in
school, but when she, got through the sixth grade she
quit. She likes ;to run outdoors, an' I hate to check
her. I say there's worse things she might be doin'.
There's Lola, Mr.jTempleford's only child, mind you;
she went clear through the eighth grade an' now she's
slingin' beer in a dive. So there's worse things than
* TO, I don't want to fight," says Lillie Young,
/\ I "but I can hold a glove with any boy, that's
1 y what." You must go a long way to hear her
\^ szy it. Away from hubbub, out to where green
sweeps flank the Ocean View road. Pass the gardens
where fat little lettuces are huddling these days and
where spindlc-slianked onions are striding. Go far
ther yet, until you hear the ruthless guffaw that an
engine blurts upon the heart-healing air and see its
daub of smoke that smears a clean sky. Then in a
minute you are at Ocean View and you must walk three
or four long drawn out Ocean View blocks, and just
as Capitol street begins to climb the hill beyond the
eand path you will come to a mite of a clean white
house and that is where Lillie Young, the tomboy of
tomboys, lives.
Mrs. Young took me into the parlor. It is a parlor
of marble-topped center table and family portaits on
the installment plan and shells drawn up in line around
the hearth. Mrs. Young approached the room def
erentially.
"Lillie is very busy," she said doubtfully, "and I
don't know whether she'll see you. She's tryin' to see
how long she can hang by her heels to the north limb
of the live oak tree."
Then I heard her calls of "Lillie" diminish kitchen
trard and at last a big hoarse voice responded, "WhatF'
"There's a lady to Eec you, Lillie dear."
"Who?"
SUNDAY CALL
REMARKABLE
LIFE
OF
LILLIE
YOUNGTHE StnSDAY CALL.
WHAT IS COSTS TO DRESS WELL
2
THE Etace*StrocX tfrl nas Known
from time immemorial all about the
necessity of beauty, brains and tal
ent. Equipped with enough of all
these to throw to the birds, she en
?<=rs the world of calcium lishtcd gowna.
Ene looks for the gowns to descend upon
her from the heavenly files above, and
the wearing of them will be worth work
ins for.
It fo happens that when once she has
entered .-he finds that the way the gowns
descend is something like this. Suppose
her to bo assigned the place of Juvenile in
a stock company. She draws a satary of
J* ¦ to JTS per week and is told to make'
that cover VJ<> worth of costume?. She
may eat ar.d lodge, provided she saves
money on the transaction.
Probably pbe prows "tearful when the
facts dawn niwn her. She flees to moth
erly arms ar.d listens to motherly coun
sel, which runs in this wise:
"That old white batiste will be Just a'
p<x>d as new after I've pressed it. And
you can wear turquoise velvet with It this
week arid pink ribbons r,e*r. and it will
be just the sam** as two gowns."
A UttJeof which advice may be followed
T\i:h negative results. But let her push
c-eonorr.y further ar.d try the batiste with
a yellow sash the third w<*ek, and the Ju
venile has word from her manager.
Miss Juliet Crosby opened a box couch
bs she talked ar.d let loose the scent of
rr.ar.y moth balls In the little sitting-room.
It is a dapper Bitting roorn.ihis one. where
r friend can chat with her— as dapper as
En Alcazar stage setting. Inside the box
touch lay the 4ear departed.
They are her gowns. "An average of
four a play, ar.d forty plays In the year.
Here are the remains, and what is to bo
finne with them?"
She lifted a pearl-gray silk, through tht
Flashes of which pleated taffeta caught
Fhlfsing opal lights. "Forty dollars for
that,*! she eald. "Thirteen yards of taf
feta went into it. and the pleating cost a
reat little sum. As for the making — of
course, the profession get special ratct
trcm resruiariy employed dre«sniakcrs.
Miss Crosby let the silk drop lingeringly
into the easy chair. "It was such a dear
dress," she fighed. "And what is it good
for, now that it has been worn?"
"Wear it again."
"That can't be done In less than a yo^r,
or it will be recognized. And by that time
the styles will have changed, and you
know that It's easier In theory" than Jn
practice to rehash small sleeves into bis
ones qr tight skirts into full. Cloth that
isn't there can't be created."
Ye gods, don't we know? More's the
pity.
"This little white sailor suit w!th the 'red
trimming was a temptation that was just
too much for me. I might have been rafo
if the suit had cnlv remained on th» «vioif
vat I can't get an i laborate gown like that
made for less than $10."
Fhe turned the smart little bodice over
and showed the wrong (ride. Whalebone
were neatly cased and seams all overcast.
"We don't fake," she said.
"People talk about faking en the etage.
They are the people who know only tenth
rate actresses. Suppose I had used some
Fhoddy material in the place cf this taf
feta; it would never have had any crisp
r.C!=s ar.d style. Faking does not pay, and
will not be tolerated by any kind of a
manager. Th* money fpent In stage cos
tumes is not the indulgence of luxurious
tastes; it is the investment of capital."
but it had the audacity to flaunt itself in
the ftore window, and I gave in helplessly.
It cost? twice as much to buy ready made,
but I had been thinking and thinking
what to wear for a certain part, and I
couldn't decide until I s-aw this. It'an
swered all my question."
The snappy little suit fell upon the pearl
Bl'.k. "Next." she said, and dived again..
Up came a black lace over yellow petti
coat. "Now here is ono of the few real
economies that one can practice. This
lace Is of good nujility and car. be made
to do duty over black or a light color. an|i.
will bear xnany changes without growlrfe
tire.-c.mc to playgoers."
It v was a heavy flowered net that swung
out in great creeping folds over the sun
colored satin. It was a gown to respond
to nothing less than *'madame," and
might have laid claim to "Your ladyship."
A fluffy Hi tie organdie fluttered down on
the lace. 'These simple dresses can be
'iad for JlO, making and all. They help
us save for larger expenses. But they
don't last. We drag them over rough
stairs and scramble in them be-twc#i
•ragged-edged scenes and past lumber. :jee
this miserable little darn— lucky it came
in a figure- and didn't Dhow so much as
it might have. That darn is here because
a lawn party tree came into collision with
me one night in its hurry to make way for
a flight of stairs. I paid 'Dear, dear,' but
that didn't mend the gown.
"It makes me weary when I recall thfr
time and labor spent on this red poplin.
The shopping for it took all one Tuesday
afternoon, and it was so elaborate that it
had to have four fittings Instead of the
customary two."
The gorgeous moire skirt colored w'.th
tho lights of old wine stood majestically
of itself. White silk made the bodice
yoke, and Intricate precessions of .little
bows, every one choked by a steel buckle,
formed countermarching lines.
"Thofce buckles are all to be ripped off
to-day to. trim a black cloth." That ia a
tiny shift— but as lor the gown itself— it
Js &o striking thp.t I shduld- never daro
wear U on tho same stage again, and
there is no possibility except In having It
dyed.
"Isn't it disgusting to think of all the
money wo arc obliged to spend, when a
man can make ten suits last for a whole
season? A few hats, two or three over
coats, and he is supplied for all his
straight parts in .society plays. Now and
then a costume play is produced, and
then the expense la heavy for men find
women alike. When we put on 'The- Mus
keteers' I did not attempt to buy my
queen costumes, but rented both of them
at a cost of 525 apiece for two weeks." .
The sweeping white albatross that
trained through "Under Two Flags" for
the Princess Corona appeared further
down. Dashing frogs of white military
braid adorned the front of the Jacket.
"When I read the play I seemed to see
exactly how the Princess would dress.
There Is the dignity to be expressed, and
that little military touch suggests a fad.
"Now think of what the making of all
these i clothes Involves. On Tuesday
comes the first rehearsal for the play that
Is to have its first presentation the fol
lowing Monday night. We don't plan our
costumes until that rehearsal is over at
2 o'clock. We can't tell until then ex
actly what we are going to need. Then,
after a hurried lunch, the shopping be
gins.
"I usually get two gowns started on
Tuesday, the other two on Wednesday.
Friday cornea the first fitting and Monday
the other, then I do not see tho gowns
again until I go to the theater. My dress
maker has never failed me, for she know*
the necessity of being prompt.
"Once in a while I fail myself, though,"
she added with a reminiscent little laugh.
"The other night I found I had forgotten
my stock collar, and one of the girls sug
gested that I use a shirred garter. And I
did— wasn't It ridiculous? But I'm sura
nobody knew."
She let a rose pink matinee drift slowly
npon th© heap. "There's several dollars*
worth of nothing." she said. "The little
things count up dreadfully, don't they?
After the gowns, which range from ?5 to
?4Q, have been bought, we have to con
sider hats. I average two a week. Moat
of them arc made on wire frames so that
they can be bent Into new shapes, and I
have several sets of plumes that can ba
used over and over. My milliner chargea
I! or J5 for making over a hat.
"Gloves must be taken into account.
They average two pairs for each play,
and they last half through the week.
That means four pa'.rs, an expense of il
a week. I don't clean mine often. Don/t
you hate, cleaned gloves?
"Slippers and hosiery must match. Six
dollars a week pays, for slippers. And
every woman knows what the accessories
mean. Collars and ribbons and bits of
chiffon nonsense. Three dollars a weeli
is a moderate estimate for the?e things.
"So you see what the outlay is for an
actress in a stock company. Star 3 ppen.l
larger sums, of course, but they do not
keep changing. For Instance. Mrs. Les
lie Carter went to Paris and spent about
JSOOO on tho eight costumes for Zaza. but
they were the only ones she needed. I*
must be so satisfactory to spend the tim»
needed to study every costume out and
the artistic expression of each one. Do
you remember where she is called 'Poor,
common, bedazzled Zaza?' That word
'bedazzled' was her clew, and from i* she
built the design for that splendid red
silk splashed ' with gold embroider? 1
peonies.
"Blanche Bate? is an extravagant dresa-
er Her mother tnougm •«=* * •-•
spending $1000 for three gowna to wear m
an untried play. But she could not wait
to see how the play went btfore buying
new gowns. They were a part of the out
lay for th» *< en?o production.
-] <lo::'t know the exact sum that Maud
Adams spent for Juliet's costumes, but it
was fabulous. She bought Italian an
tinue Jewelry. The girdles were set with
rare gems. The gown was embroider*-!
In coral.
•'Florence P.oberts i* a hobbyist on
dress. The ball gown fnr the 'Master of
Ceremonies' cost her !•-•> at a bargain.
She bought it in San Fr.mcisco. and It
meant days of shopping. She had a mental
picture of the goods she wanted, but tt
was not to be found at any dry goods
store in town. Finally sh* thought of the
furniture stores. In one of them sh* cam©
upon some tapestry chair-covering, anl
bought it fnr $3TA It was called cheap at
that. Her black evening gown for th©
fourth art of •CamlUif cost V"Si-"
And so it comes to pa?" * ha * ther» 13
such a thing as having too many clothe*.
Character actresses make non»y, and
Miss Crosby confesses that she la rather
glad to be playing dingy housemaids at
present, so she can rave money for her
London trip.
But a3 for the stage-struck girl— she
wants to be a belle or a Duchesa. Sh*
does not look to a future of torn caKco
and thumping shoes- She has beauty,
brains and talent, that goes without sav
ing, and hiving them they must bo
adorned. Therefore
Between the northern point of Long Is
land and Watch Hill, off New York, lies
a row of little Islands, two of which.
Plum Island and (loos? Island, possess a
peculiar form of mineral wealth. It con
sists In heaps of richly colored Quartz
pebbles, showing red. yellow, purpla and
other hues, which are locally called
agaies. They are used in making stained
glass windows, and there Is a sufficient
demand for thtm in New York to keep
the owners of one or two sloops employed
in gathering thrm from the beaches,
where the waves continually roll and pol
ish them, bringing out the beauty of their
colors.
» ? ¦
The Czar has an Income of $1000 an hour,
the Sultan JS3O, the Emperor of Austria
mo, the Kaiser W5O. the King of Italy J330.
Queen Victoria the same. the Freich
President $250, the King of the Belgians
$55 and the President of the United Stated
$7 50 an hour. •
|||||||6|i|| STOCK COMPLYTHE SUNDAY CALL.
3
WHAT TO DO WHEN YOUR BEST GIRL SAY "YES"
THERE are man/ times in a man's life when he
precipitates himself into a situation which suddenly
brings him face to face with a crisis which, in the
choice English of the day, --'keeps him guessing."
It is saic to assume that the real crisis of a man's life
comes when he contemplates matrimony seriously
enough to dwell upon the price of fried potatoes for
two. and to become absorbed in and with the installment
furniture" advertisements, which offer things at rates suf
ficiently low as to almott be an inducement to man to
niarry. But when the best girl replies in the affirmative
and her "yes"' doesn't mean "no," as her "no" might
mean "ye.-."' is the time that he must act "and act quick.
It is impossible to say what a man should do in thi»
try:ng situation by reference to the acts of others similar
ly situated, because no man has ever told what he di-i.
•perhaps for the reason that he was so overcome by joy
st the supreme moment of his triumph that he cannot
remember any of the particulars. It is fair to assume
that no two men act alike « hen she says "yes** at the
t:rr.e pi the proposition to pay for her hats and other
luxuries. Men being of tiirTercnt temperaments, it is.
not likely that tiieir actions are the same.
If a phlegmatic man should act precisely as a nerv
ous nan does, or if a man 45 years old with yellow hair
sho-jM act in a manner not unlike that of a man 65 yeirs
old, with a wen on his neck, it would go to prove that
the business of proposal and acceptance^ a very pro=>aic
and unpoctic proceeding after all. Then the surround
ings might exert a certain influence. A plumber in the
moonlight by the bobbing sea might be surcharged with
halcyon dreams that would cause him to be a different
sort of being from that which he might be if he were
accepted in a thunder storm while awaiting a flash of
lightning to satisfy him that he is really on the earth.
It js not en easy thing by a long shot" to say what 2
rr.an ought to do v.hen his best girl says "yes" in re
sponse to the very important and momentous question.
It would be ?.s easy, perhaps, to say what the girl
should do when the question is put to her.
It might be well to ascertain from marricl women
how their husbands acted when they replied in the af
firmative. Possibly they remember, and if such data
could be obtained ;t; t would not only make fine reading,
but supply a solid baiis. for such in article as this.
Nov.-. how does a woman act. and what docs she 'lo
when s-J-.c proposes to a man and the latter says "yes?"
Does she jump to sec if her hat is on straight, or'does
she say she has forgotten her gloves in the excitement
that causes her to forget that she Iras them on? And
suppose a Mormon proposes to three women at the
the same time and in sporting parlance "takes three
straight."' Whatever he docs, doesn't be do three time-.
z* m;:oh of it as he would if the trio had refused hini r
Would he embrace them all at once, or one at a time'
If one at a time Xo. .3 would be madder than No. 2. Xo
2 would be madder than Xo. 1 and gladder than Xo. V,
while Xo. 1 would be h?ppier than Xo 2 and Xo. 3 com
bined^ And if he embraced and kissed them all at once
and all together, there would be no proof of favoritism
and consequently no cause for jealouiy. vhich would be
unsatisfactory, as it would prove the existence of a man
v.ho could love with equal desperation and intensity
three women rt one and the same time.
Let t:s imagine the following conversation after the
above purely imaginary scene:
"Why did you embrace us all ?.t once?"
"Because," replies the thrice happy man, "you are
'.-.vice as much numerically this way."
"But we don't understand you."
"Of course you don't, but I understand my business.
1 consider in the arithmetical light of' one. t .vo.
hrce. which added together makes six. Yet shall I
)e. happiest on that happy day that shall see us made
Th3t would be the way a man should act in the event
•f nich a cm is.
Once upon a tinir I was wandering along the sea
hor<- in the bright silvery spray of a full moon. a.nd at
my vide was a languid, high-strung gazelle, who was
usually gloomy a/id pensive as if lost in the tangles
f some kind of a divine despair that defied dyspepsia
:ablets. Finally we paused, and she, wringing her
lainty jeweled fingers, looked at me in a way that
aroused n] y sympathy and said:
v hy was I ever put -into this weary, weary world?"
' In order." I replied quickly, "to be a reason and an
r.c\i*e for my existence."
The crisis was safely pa«sed a moment later. Now
vhst d:d I do? Did I say: "What kind of an engage-
ment ring do you want, and how soon do you want it;
or shall we board with your mother or take a flat? I
did not say any of one of these things. I took out a
memorandum book and began to write.
"What arc you doing-?" she asked.
"Nothing," I replied.
With a woman's chain-lightning intuition she said:
"Are you making a memorandum of the fact that we
are engaged; do you think that otherwise you would
forget it,' and do you think I could forget to remind you
of it if you should?"
A month later, when we were back in town, I said
to her:
"Do you remember how I made a memorandum that
moonlight night on the Wellfleet sands?"'
"I do." she said.
"Well, it was simply a memorandum of the fact that
when you asked me why you were put into this weary
world. I told you it was to be a reason and an excuse
for my existence, which question and answer I this day
«old to a comic paper for $J to print under a Bar Har
bor society cut. Thus may you see. my dear, how the
high-handed poet turns everything into gold when h:
has the hard horse sense of the man that sells hams on
commission-"
It will thus be seen that what you should do in the
crisis that ensues when your best girl says ''yes" de
pends largely upon the nature and conditions of the
crisis. It might be unwise to say just what you should
do. because you would probably forget it and do some
thing else and thus upset all calculations. It is a time
when you will do something and you will always do
something that will fill the bill, even if you do make a
fool and a goose of yourself. But if the best girl shall
only prove to be the right girl, no matter what you do
in the crisis of her acceptance you will always say that,
although you did make a fool and goose of yourself.
you can still always congratulate yourself on the fact
that you proved yourself a level-headed philosopher of
the highest type in the long run in winning the object
of your quest.knows how to gret it. Aside from the 6>
sire of making a fortune I want to live
again In the hum of a mining town. When
all is said against a'mining camp mining
Is still the cleanest business that a man
can engage in. For everything else you
must barter and dissemble, but mining is
a first principle proposition— lf you strike
it, there's your gold ready to use without
even a middleman between you and the
market.
There isn't any other occupation In
which hope dies bo hard as in mining
there are always millions just ahead for
the miner. That's the kind of thing I
like. If I had twenty boys I'd send them
all to the big mines.
The chief reason for my- determination
to go to Nome is to show people that
"Lucky" Baldwin's luck is still with him.
I'm strong, full of energy, willing to take
biff chances and ready to work. That's
last of the California
J[ stock kings is going to seek
new domains. Flood, Fair
and Ralston have long since
"sh-Mcd off this mortal coil," and'
Mackay has become a citizen of
the world. Now "Lucky" Bald
win ts preparing to leave the land
wliere lie made and lost a fortune
tliat at one time was valued close
upon ten million dollars.
The burning of the Baldwin
Hotel some months ago left a-
52,000,000 hole in "Lucky" Bald
win's fortune. Lawsuits and
"drx seasons" had already played
havoc with his millions, and when
¦
the hotel was destroyed rumor
whispered that Baldwin s luck had
gone to rcost elsewhere. Gossip in
sists that when "Lucky" Baldwin
pays the mortgage on his Santa
Anita ranch with the money real
ized from the sale of the Baldwin
Hotel hi he will be "land poor."
"Lucky" Baldwin believes that
he can retrieve his vanished mil
liens. Although he has passed the
allotted "threescore crui ten" he is
going to try his luck in the gold
fields of Cape Nome. ,!h the days
of bid, the days of gold, E. F.
Baldwin was accounted the luckiest
t:u::i in California.' If a tithe of
h;s good fortune sit'l cimgs to nun
he will get full' share cf iiic ycllozu
dust of the 'northern goidficlds. It
may be that a new and forger for
tune will rise, phcnix'-Uke, from
ilw ashes of his financial wreck.
The history of the California
Stock Exchange could not be writ
ten without dwelling on the deals
cf Lucky Baldwin. Lucky Bald
win had the center of the stage in
the most exciting scene in the
drama thai was played on Pine
street in the days when all the city
had gone "stock mad. It was
melt drama at high-noon, with
Baldwin breaking the office furni
ture of, the Ophir directors and
flourishing a pistol at the directors
ilicmscfccs; it was tragedy at
gray dawn — the Bank of Caiifor
i:ia wrecked, and Ralston a sui-
The life slcry of Lucky Baldwin
could not have a setting elsewhere.
Only in California docs Dame
Fortune make ay.d mar with the
merest wave of her wand. It y is a
story written by Lucky Baldwin
himself, once a millionaire of mil
lionaires, now ready to sail anew
in quest of the golden Hccce.
Ever, his enemies must admire
the phick of this :nan, old in years
and ruined in fortune, wiio is
eager to endure hardships that
would weaken a younger . and
stronger man's purpose. And all
California wonders whether
"Lucky" Baldwin's luck is still
»
{-pfiTK first ship that rail* for Cape
| Nome will carry me as a passer-
Jger. People tell me that I am too
old to endure the hardships of a
new tn'r.ins: country. They argu<»
that I ought to stay in San Fran
cisco and take It easy for the rest of my
life. Friendly advice is worth about as
much as a tip on the races— you can't
bank en either. If I am sure that I want
to dc a certain thing I go ahead and do
It-make or break.
What am I going to do when I get to
Cape Nome? A man doesn't live through
half a dozen big mining excitements for
nothing. I am going to take along with
me the biggest and best tent that money
wl'l buy and an hour after I land at
Nome that tent will be staked on the
beach ready to move Into.
I am now looking at machinery, for I
Intend to work by modern methods any
mln«>s that I can get hold of. All the nec
essary machinery will be shipped on the
Eame steamer that I call on. .besides the
tent, provisions and machinery, I am
having built an Iron building 100 feet long
Bid S5 feet wide. This building will bo
Statisticians excel in presenting proof
in figures— which are said to be the only
things above ground that don't lie— that
war is not deadly. They exhibit Incon
trovertible evidence that, war or peace,
so many persons would die each year
any way. The consoling fact that disease
kills more soldiers than bullets is made
still more assuaging by the cheerful an
nouncement'that half of the army deaths
from disease would have occurred even
In peace. The o!d axiom that it takes
a ton of lead to kill a soldier is supposed
to throw valor into the soldier's soul.
Grant's illustration— shake up a bluck
bean in a hat of white or.es. and. blind
folded, pull out the black one— ls u?ed as
showing the chances of being hit in
English newspapers are compiling
columns of figures designed, apparently,
to show to those that Tommy Atkins
leaves behind that Tommy is pretty sure
to come back from the Transvaal after
all. American newspapers prepared simi
lar joyful intelligence for our soldiers in
the early stages of the war with Spain.
We showed that it took more than 3750
cartridges to kill a Johnny Reb In our
' Civil War, not to mention a ton and a
half of lead and nearly half a ton of pow
der. And after we had wiped Spain off
the map of the western hemisphere and
began to balance up accounts we were
gratified to learn that ammunition worth
$100,000 and one priceless human life were
expended in using up Cerveru'a squadron,
while Dewey, a few months before, had
put Montejo to sleep by the judicious ex
penditure of shot and shell worth $43,000
end losing no lives.
So England Is congratulating herself
that at Majuba Hill, in the last war with
the Boers, only eighty-flve out of the 320
Britons engaged were killed, hoping, how
ever, that such a mortality won't occur
again. At Omdurman, In the Soudan,
when the Dervishes lost 10,000 of their
force of 50.000. England lost only fifty
two men killed.
Though no artillery ever was handled
better than that of the Germans in the
war of IS7O, yet when they shelled
Mezleres In that year at the rate of three
and a half shells a minute, and when they
had dispatched 193,000 projectiles into the
town, less than 1% per cent of the Inhab
itants were killed, or it took 643 shot or
shell to kill one person. At Thionville It
took 15.000 shells to kill each person fall
ing, while at Lorgny 30,000 shells failed in
wounding a single individual. At Belfort
LUCKY BALDWIN TELLS BOW BE BAS MADE
he had suggested was In every respect
worse than the main traveled one and had
not one of the advantages he claimed for
it. In fact, It was -impassable, and we
had to turn back to the other road.
Young knew that I had several thousand
dollars with me from the sale of the li
quors, teas and tobacco, and I shall al
ways believe thai he incited the Indians
In the hope of obtaining this money.
The girl whom the Indians attempted
to steal afterward married a man named
Shaw and went to San Bernardino to live.-
She has five children, all married, with
families of their own. In later years I
sent the famous painter Cross to the ex
act spot in Utah where we were attacked
and had him paint the scene from the de
scriptions we had given him of the scrim
mage.- The survivors of the party have
each a photograph of the painting, and
rtmple, but It's the only thing I ever got
in my life that I didn't work for. i: : ,v
They talk about "the luck I had cross-
Ing the plains. I did make money coming
across the plains, and that in '53, when
bo many left their bones to bleach in the
desert. But I had sat up nights planning
and thinking and not trusting to luck. We
started from Racine, Wls., with twenty
six wagons. Six of the wagons
belonged to me, a number of people
coming as my passengers. I had made a
little money and every, cent of.lt was In
vested In this undertaking. That first
thousand dollars, the profits of a grocery
store In Wisconsin, was a * great deal
harder to make than tha next hundred
thousand that I made.
When we reached Salt Lake our party
split up, some of them buying their
wagons from me and traveling In cliff er-
FIGURES SHOW WAR IS NOT DEADLY.
99,453 German shells killed sixty French
men; at Strasburg 133,722 shells found 300
victims, while each Parisian killed In tha
siege cost the Germans over 1000 shells.
It took 200,000 rounds from the German
batteries before Strasburg to break up 400
houses, or 500 missiles to a house. At Gib
raltar's great siege more than a quarter
of a million shot and shell were hurled at
the garrison, killing and wounding 13U
persons.
At Salamanca only one rifle shot In 437
took effect; in the Crimea 13.000.000 shots
fired by the British troops killed 21,000
Russians. 29.000,000 French shots account
ed for 51,000 of their allies of to-day, whlla
43.C00.0C0 Russian shots placed 43.000
French and Turkish troops out of tha»
tight.
In the Franco-German war the Teu
tonic Invader fired off 30.000.000 cartridges
and 3G3.iX)C> rounds of artillery, with the re
sult that it took about 400 bullets and flva
rounds of artillery to kill or mortally
wound a Frenchman.
Compared to bombardments, pitched
battles are far more deadly, bv.t since tha
days of Waterloo the danger has de
creased greatly. At Wellington's great
victory the mortality of the British com
batants was SVj per cent of those en
gaged. At the Alma 7^ per cent of tha
English engaged were killed, while in tha
hard fought battle of Gravelotte the pro
portion of German and French soldiers
fighting who were killed was over 12 per
cent. £k-U-;V.:
With regard to the Franco-German war,
which cost the French In war expenses
alone about $16,000 for each German killed
(the total cost to France eventually was
about JSO.OOO for every invader that fell).
It is estimated that 5 per cent of the Ger
mans engaged were killed in battle, died
of their wounds or of disease, but oJ the
GO.OCO who owed their death to this cam
paign only 23.000 fell to the fire of the
enemy, and of the remaining 22,000 who
succumbed from disease, 10,000 probably
would have died In ordinary circumstances
apart from the war. It took 400 shots to
kill each of the 77.000 Frenchmen who fell.
In the Crimean campaign, including tha
siege of Sebastopol, 740 shots were fired
for every Russian killed. Of the ILJ.OOO
British lives lost In this campaign or'.y
i:!i per cent, or about 2T30, died in battle:
the remainder succumbed to disease. and
privation, assailants far more deadly, as
a rule, than bullets.
The Prussian-Austrian war of ISB6 and
the Japanese war entailed a loss of Ufa
of leas than i per cent of the combatant!.
the original Is the most prized canraa on
my ranch at Santa Anita.
From the day I landed in San Francisco
in the winter of 1553 I began to work for
big money. The water came up to Mont
gomery street then, which was filled with
old hulks. I rented the Pacific Temper
ance house, turned it Into a hotel, work
ed day and night and In a few days it
was the best paying house in town. I ran
the hotel just two weeks and then sold
out, making J7OOO on the deal.
The next thing I went into was the
brickmakirg business. I saw that la *
very short time the Government would
need bricks for Fort Point and Fort Al
catraz. Now, I didn't know a brick from
a stone, but I kept that to myself. I
went Into partnership with a man who
had a small brickyard and learned all I
could watching the men. At night I used
to read up anything that I could find oa
the subject of bricks. I was afraid to
ask questions, for fear It would be found
out that I didn't know bricks from cobbles.
At the end of two months I dissolved
co constructed that it will be the work
of but a few hours to put it together.
At present I have not decided to what
use I Fhall put the lror. building. A man
has to be on the spot to declds that. 11l
turn it Into a Eton*, saloon, dance hall or
theater— lnto the one thins that Nome
warn? mo?t and will my highest for.
The papers have stated that I am going
to t&ka a movable theater to Nome and
cm r.n-<v engaging the company. As a re
sult my ollicfi Is snowed under with appli
cations frcin people all over the Union. I
believe I'vo heard from aimost every act
ress in the country who is out of a posi
tion. I wish to state positively that I am
not hunting for theatrical stars. Song and
dance artists, tragedy queens, contortion
ists and ballet girls will have to look else
where for an employer.
When I decide to use? the building as a
theater it will be time enough to engage a
company. As 1 said before, it will be a
building suitable i'or any or every purpose,
but to what particular use it will be put
can only be positively stated when we
have landed at Nome.
There are several reasons why I am go
ing to Nome. One is that I think there is
plenty of money there for the man who
all luck is, and therefore I believe I'll be
as lucky in the future as I have been In
the past. Every man makes his own luck.
The lucky man is a rustler and his luck
is in himself, not in his stars. The man
who rustles is the man who succeeds.
They call me "Lucky" Baldwin, but I
know of but one time in my life that I
won out on pure luck. When I was In
Japan in the seventies I lent a foreign
Consul there a large sum of money. He
returned it with a very valuable and pe
culiar ring, which he piaced on my finger
for good luck. The ring was greatly ad
mired In San Francisco, but I never
thought of its bringing me any luck. At
that time Canton and Evcretts were deal
ing in stocks. Everett took a particular
fancy to the ring and wanted to buy, beg
or borrow It; but I would not part' with
the gift. One day he offered to carry 500
shares of Crown Point for me if I would
let him wear the ring for six months.
Crown Point was worth about $3 a share
at that tinie. I told Everetta he was
childish, but agreed to let him wear the
ring.
I forgot all about my five hundred shares
until Crown Point began to boom. I sold
out at the right time V:th a clear profit
of $101.1,000. Now. that was luck, pure and
The Porw Mimon-ire -wtes.tue H?stol<y oF m
Varied Zay%%? YW) Its Successes and PaHUi-es.
He E;<pTaTns • w*ny H£ intends ¦ Trying Poi-tune
n tn the Pat* and what h?s Expecta
tions A p £ Reading the N^v* Land of sold.
ent directions. I had brought alone »
wagon load of teas and tobacco, which I
sold to Walker Brothers at a good profit.
Two other wagons were stocked with fine
brandies and wines. Brlgham Young gent
hia brother out to our camp to negotiate
for these and I finally sold them to him
at my own price.
Brlgham Young's brother came to the
camp dally and gave us much friendly ad
vice about the route to take on the rest
of the journey. He urged me to depart
from the road usually chosen by travelers,
insisting that the other was easier, safer,
and that we could find better feed for the
horses, .We took his advice.
It was Just after the famous Mountain
Meadow massacre by the. Utah Indiana
and we were naturally fearful of meeting
the same fate. But Brlgham Young's
brother assured us that by traveling over
the road he had mapped out we would es
cape all danger.
The second morning out we were prepar
ing breakfast, when suddenly a shot from
the rocks above pierced the coffee pot,
spilling the coffee over the coals. Wo
made for our wagons, the women and
children tottering with fear. Then com
menced a fusillade to the accompaniment
THE SUNDAY CALL.
of wild Indian yells. Mrs. Baldwin put
our 2-year-old baby in the safest spot In
the wagon and. bravely stood out of cover
and loaded guns for me. One of my shots
laid low their chief, and the Indians, wild
with 1 rage, came closer to the wagons.
An Indian laid hands on a young girl
crouched in the back of the wagon and
would have escaped with her had not one
of our party shot him Just in time.
War-whoops, were now heard In the
distance and the Indians retreated, evi
dently to join another band. They left
nine of their party dead behind
them, but we ourselves had several
wounded. I have always believed and
still think that Brlgham Young's brother
was the causa of the Indian attack, and
while I have no positive proof, I am In
clined to think that he was with them
disguised aa an Indian, for the road that
4and was the most excited and interested
spectator on the little-stand crowded with
the townspeople. The result of the race
was $200 In my pocket and the sharpers
had to walk back to Chicago. I've been
interested in racing more or less ever
since and many Is the good race horse
I've owned and run, but I've never en
joyed another purse as much as that first
$200 one.
I wouldn't give an outline of by Hfe
without mentioning that I've been In court
more times than mo3t men— sometimes
as plaintiff, sometimes as defendant. I
really don't know how many lawsuits I
have been mixed up in. but my lawyer
says enough to make me a pretty good
lawyer. I work on my cases as much as
the lawyer himself, ar.d I'm pretty well
up in law, even if I haven't a sheepskin
entitling me to practice.
long as I live, but I have too much energj
to hibernate and am really best contented
when working. So I am going to have
another bout with fortune.
I shall trust no more to "luck" In the
future than I ever did. I'll watch for good
opportunities and seize them. The Ophir
deal was my big opportunity in the* past.
On the day that the directors of ths Ophir
met to freeze me out I knew that one
member would be absent, but heard that
the president intended voting both as
president and member, which would give
the Ralston faction three votes against
my two. I went to my lawyer, Reuben
H. Lloyd, and told him to get out an In
junction. There was twenty minute*
'lacking in which to get out that injunc
tion, but I said go ahead anyway. Then I
went to the meeting, broke up the furni
ture, knocked one man under the table,
covered another with a pistol and kept
things lively until Lloyd got there with
the injunction. It was fighting, not luck,
that saved me.
Some day I may write a book and tell
the inside facts of that and other bis
deals. It will read more like fiction than
fact, and would easily furnish material
for a dozen plays more exciting than the
"Henrietta."
Just now it looks astfa syllable ought
to be added to my title— "unlucky" would
sound more appropriate. But give me
three years' time and I'll make good my
ancient right to "Lucky."
It is said that I trusted so much In my
luck that I never Injured any of my prop
erty. It wasn't that I had faith in my
luck, but it is a fact that I never cared
to insure my property. I kept an insur
ance account and up to the time of the
hotel fire I v.as $500,000 ahead. When I
built the Baldwin Hotel I first leased the
ground on which it stood and afterward
bought it. The hotel cost, when it,wa3
finished. $2,000,000, and $200,000 was after
ward put into it for improvements. The
hotel paid an Interest of $150,000 a year, so
It wasn't a bad investment. The house
stood for years without an insurance and
only the year before it was burned did I
take out a policy for $3),000. I had been
warned that a certain party had threat
ened to burn my hotel and that was tha
parmcrsnip ana went mio outincss oy
myself. My yard couldn't turn out the
bricks fast enough to supply the demand
for them. Some of the first bricks I sold
were to the central in command of the
fort. He said they were the finest bricks
ever made i:i San Francisco, and in a few
weeks 1 x\ as turning out bricks for the
Goverr.mrnt at a handsome salary. Not
a man in the yard but thought I was a
reaFtrr brickmaker. ar.d I was before I
got through.
That"* what people call luck, but It was
nothing but hard work. It just shows that
a man can do anything if he makes up
his mind to it ar.d works. Without know
ing a thing about it I went into brkk
nafcir.g ar.d made a bigger success of it
than any other man in the business at
that r:me.
I told out the brickyard and invested the
the time I've had a million dollars and
nothing to eat but a flapjack. I have been
out In the mountains" where I had to get
up and shake a foot of snow off my blan
kets, make some flapjacks and cut a twig
off a tree for a fork. If men that are will
ing to endure such hardships strike it rich
they are dubbed /"lucky" Instead of
"plucky."
A man named Howard and ; another
whose name I have forgotten were with
me on that trip to Nevada in IS^9. After
a great many hardships we reached
Strawberry, a place near the divide In
the high Sierras. We were determined to
push on. though the people warned U3
that a big snowstorm was in the air." We
pooh-poohed their warnings, for we'd
gone through any number of snowfalls.
But they were all babies compared to this
fellow. The snow came down in chunks
the snow-covered mountains as was
"Snowshoe."
We got to Nevada just in time for the
Ormsby massacre. Our tents were pitched
back of the Ormsby house, and we saw
the boys brought in dead, the victims of
Indian arrows. About a week after that
we had a little Indian affair of our own.
We had taken our pack mules and were
out prospecting at some new diggings.
At night we built a big bonfire and were
just settling down to pipes and stories
when we noticed a crawling line of thin
blue smoke on an opposite hillside. In-
caught hold of the mule's tail, and swam
back'of.him, the others following my ex
ample. The Indians fired a shot or two,
but missed us. Once across the river. we
were soon In Carson City, and a detach
ment of soldiers was sent out from the
city to give chase to the Indians. '
* Even after such experiences In Nevada
I went back again in time for the Corn
stock excitement. It was in those days
that I went into stocks and big deals.
The Ophir deal was the one that won me
the title "Lucky." There was no luck
about it. I came out about five million
they could.
Because I was supposed. to be naturally
"lucky" people would dog my footsteps
and hang around ray office begging
for a tip on the market. The women
stock dabblers were the most persistent
—these mud-hens were bigger . nuisances
than the men, because you couldn't throw
them downstairs.
I don't believe In advising others, al
though I have helped some people who
were not afraid to take chances to mak?
a fortune. G. W. Grayson of Oakland
made a quarter of a million by acting
MEXICAN DOLLARS AND A PHONOGRAPH CONQUERED SUTU
To- an officer in General Bates' command
in the Philippines is attributed the follow
ing story of our new "fellow citizen," the
Sultan of Sulu:
The Charleston, It seems, was sent to
take possession of the Sulu Islands, but
the commander of that ship, preferring
peaceable means to warlike measures,
sent a cordial invitation to the ruler of the
group asking him to come aboard for
tlffln. The royal personage readily accept
ed, and on his arrival alongside the ship
was saluted with seventeen guns, which
so flattered his self-esteem -that he
stepped on deck swelling with pride and
puffed up with importance. With much
empressement the distinguished guest was
conducted to the captain's cabin and seat
ed where the breeze of an electric fan fell
full upon him. Wonderingly he peered
around to see where the mysterious
breeze came frcra, and finally his inter
preter asked the cause for the refreshing
wind when the air was quite still outside.
The fan was brought and placed In front
cf the Sultan. Delighted beyond measure,
he watched Its revolving and questioned
the officers about this wonderful machine
which could create breezes that should
come only, from heayenY "Would It stop
some time, or would It go. on forever?"
"Blow en it." he was instructed. "The
machine is entirely under your control
and will do your bidding."
The Sultan blew his royal breath, when
lo! the fan stopped. Aghast at his power,
he asked the officers eagerly what should
be done to start it again. "Blow once
more," he was told, and at his breath its
whirring began. Carried away by • this
new experience his Royal Highness played
with the toy until the engineer, concealed
from view, must have become weary with
turning the current on * and off at the
whim of the astoni.shed padlshah.
Before he had tired of the fan the elcc-
trie lights were shown to him, and he was
permitted to turn -them on and off by
blowing against the glass bulbs. Already,
It is said, he began to think it would be a
good idea to swear allegiance to the Gov
ernment of a. country whence such things
emanated, but his subjugation was com
pleted by the phonograph and the <jhink
and sighfof; more' Mexican dollars than
he had ever seen before. The box con
taining the imprisoned human soul was
brought out. It spoke to him. it sang for
him, but it was a trick, a joke; it was in
a strange language;, he, would see. His
interpreter, was instructed to talk to it.
Here, was a wonder indeed; the thing
talked back. It repeated the exact words
of his secretary, in the same tone of voice
even. Would they give this wonderful box
and some of the Mexican dollars, of which
they seemed to have so many, if he would
s.!gn the treaty? The conquest was com
plete, if bloodless, and when the seven
teen guns boomed over the water as lie
left the ship his chest could hardly con
tain his swelling heart.
Indian Attack on Aucky Baldwins Party in ihe Utah Mountains, from a Painting by Xross, who was Sent to the Sxact Spot by Mr. Baldwin for the purpose of Making an Auihentic picture.
and so fast we could not follow our tracks
for twenty paces back and could not see
ahead at all.
There was a fallen tree lodged against
a standing one and into this crevice the
three of us crept. We had lost our
matches, and a search through all our
pockets brought forth just three matches.
We picked twigs and limbs from the
fallen tree, shook off the snow, and shel
tering the blaze from the wind with our
blankets we finally got a weak little flame
that was kept alive by small twigs, and
sheltered from the wind by the blankets
at last blazed into a small fire.
Then we snuggled into the crevice,
wrapped the blankets around us, thinking
that in spite of all we would freeze to
death. But as soon as the storm abated
somewhat the people of Strawberry sent
out "Snow-shoe" Thompson, the mountain
mall carrier, to rescue us.
We were half frozen when "Snowshoe"
found us. We drew straws with chatter-
Ing teeth to see who should go back first.
I think it was Howard who made the first
trip. He put his feet on the back of
Thompson's snowshoes, his arms around
Thompson's r.eok and away they slid
down the eight mountain miles to Straw
berry.
It was all right going down, but it was
slow work for Snowshoe Thompson
climbing up hill again. We thought he
would never get back, and our hopes
were down to zero again when- we heard
his cheery "Hello!" I've covered ground
in a good many ways— from an elephant's
back in India and a Jlnriklsha in Japan
to the fastest coach and eight in Califor
nia—but that ride on the back of those
money In real estate. I bought some
property on Commercial street and
turned it into a livery stable, which I ran
for pome months and then sold out at a
\>'.g profit. To be a success you've got to
keep an eye on two ends— when to go into
a deal and when to get out— and don't
waste ar.y time doing cither.
After I sold out the livery stable I
flatted on a trip around the world, with
a couple of Englishmen and two Scotch
men. We hunted big game In India and
had tome experiences and narrow es
capes there that make me shiver now
when I think of them. There's life for
you— on an elephant's back in the jungle.
It was on this trip that I got my "lucky"
ring in Japan. I also brought back with
me a company of Japanese and Chinese
actors. I played them in every big min
ing camp in California, making gold dust
by the sackful out of them. Then I took
the company East, finally playing them in
New York at the Academy of Music for
eight ¦weeks to the biggest business .that
theater had tver had.
Luck? Well, it looks more to me like
pood common sense. I knew that Orien
tal actors would be a curiosity in this
country and calculated that there must
be money in it for the first man who
would play them. I sold out to Gilbert of
Gilbert and Sullivan fame and he took
the company abroad, where it played to
almost c\cry crowned head of Europe. It
was doing the thing at the right time. 1
wouldn't make carfare playing that same
troupe now.
In ISC9 I started for the mines In • Ne
vada. J had plenty of money, but- I
¦"•^AtU some mining excitement. Many's
AND LOST FORTUNES == NOW, HO! FOR HOME!
THE SUNDAY CALL.
reason I Insured it. I have never had an
other piece of property Insured.
For years I ran both the hotel and the
theater personally. The Baldwin Theater
opened with Barry Sullivan as th«
attraction. I have one of the pro
grammes of the first performance and the
day after the fire we found In the ruins
a programme of the last performance ever
held In the theater. It 13 charred and
burned around the edges, but I Intend
framing these two programmes, one dated
1575 and the other 1599.
I thoroughly believe that the burning of
the Baldwin Hotel will prove a piece of
good fortune. On my ranches In Southern
California, besides stock and fruit, we
raised a large-sized mortgage. I Intend
paying that oft with the money realized
from the sale of the Baldwin Hotel prop
erty. I'll never again mortgage a stick
or stone that belongs to me.
For the last ten years I hare wanted to
go back to mining. I don't mean that I
wanted to get gold out with a pick, a
shovel and rocker. But I like to prospect
and always do my own expertln*. If I
get hold of anything good I'll know tt and
I'll put men to work getting It out In the
quickest and best way. Now that the
hotel Is oft my hands I can carry out my
wishes. Having had the- place so long,
although I had not run It personally of
late years, I naturally did not want to
part with It. If It hadn't burned down I
would never have been footloose to go
to Nome. I haven't a doubt that five
years from now I will think It was a
stroke of good fortune that the hotel
burned.
I don't believe It's ever too late In life
to take a fresh start. I have plenty of
tnoDf.- left to keep me comfortably aa
5
BALDWIN'S m 0550.
Jo Be a Jueeess You J-lave to r\eep
a 9 Ey^ 09 su/o. £^5-— U/^ep to
(jo Ipto a D^al a i?d li/tyei? to (jet
Out, apd Doi/t U/ast^ /}i?y Jim^
Doii?©; I^itfyer.
Bnowshoe3 was the moat exciting one I
ever had in my life.
Old "Snowshoe" Thompson didn't stop
to say "look out for corners," and hang
ing on for dear life we went sliding down
tho mountain. "Snowshoe" made the
three trips one after another without a
complaint, although that was a terrible
hardship even for a man as accustomed to
dians, of course, so there was no time to
be wasted. We hastily put out our lire,
jumped on our- mules and started, the
Indians hot oii our trail.
When we reached the river wo could
hear their yells in the distance. I tried
to pet my mule to carry me across, but
the load was too heavy for him. "With a
cry of advice to the others, I jumped off.
dollars ahead on that deal, and I could
have ruined a number of people, but for
reasons of my own did not do so.
Those were the days of gigantic manipu
lations In stocks, and a man that had a
finser in the pic didn't need to look else
where for excitement. I pulled out scan
pretty juicy plums, though Mackay and
the rest of thorn were gobbling as fast as
quickly on my advice. The man who
deals In stocks has got to have confidence
and nerve. I've lost a million dollars anJ
not lost a wink of sleep over It. And I've
made five times that much without losing
my head. As to all my dealings In stocks
I can say that if I had It to do all over
again, knowing what was ahead. I could
not Improve on my stock Investments.
After the big Ophir deal I wanted some
thing to Invest my - money In that I
thought would be safer than banks. I had
spent my boyhood on a farm; had been
In very nearly every kind of . business
since, and I longed to get back to farm
ing on a big scale; so I bought a ranch In
Southern California and called it Santa
Anita, and if there is a. fairyland on earth
It's' right there.
I have invested In all about two million
dollars in Southern California. Some of
the finest horses in the State were raised
on my ranch down there. Next to min
ing I like to raise horses and race them.
According to the Mayor of Saratoga, Ind.,
I'm the oldest racing man In America.
"When I was in Indiana a year or two ago
he greeted me as such, and,' on my asking
for an explanation, said that fifty years
ago he had been to a race ten miles from
South Bend, at which a horse of mine
won $200.
I recall the race distinctly and believe it
does entitle me to the distinction of beint;
the oldest racing man in America. I was
a lad of about IS at the time and had a
horse that -wasn't much to look at but
went like the wind when he got started.
Two Chicago sharpers, who were down to
arrange a race, thought it would be easy
money if I ran that horse against theirs.
I put one of the farm boys on the horseTHE SUXDAY CAM,.
6
General Shaffer
Discusses the
tfew fortifications
No seaport of the United
States is mere strongly de
fended than San Francisco
is at the present moment,
and yet the work is still go
ing on. At the new battery
which will shoot over Su
tro's Baths and grounds we
are preparing to mount more
of the disappearing guns,
with their own range-find
ers; and on the cliffs bclozv
the three dynamite guns
concrete foundations are be
ing laid for the first of a se
ries that will constitute a
water battery.
The old fort at the Point
may be removed and a pow
erful water battery placed
there. Rapid-fire guns will
be mounted on Lime Point,
below and to the west of the
large disappearing rifles on
the top of the cliff.
Angel Island is being for
tified, and the guns already
delivered there will soon be
mounted.
HOW GREAT GUN PROTECT US.
fy AY FRANCISCO is b«ing strongly
foriiSc-d for the reason that it Is
rapidly taking on an importance
L^^ that few other American cities are
4^ likely to assume, vn the Atlantic
coast are innumerable ports of
easy «itry connected with all parts of the
country by many lines of railroad. The
loss of any one Eastern city would not
be fatal, but the loss of San Francisco
¦would close the Pacific to the United
States On the whole California coast
there Is not another port qualified for the
mobilization and cmbarkment of expedi
tionary forces; added to this the large
miratiT of Government Interests, the
Mint, Subtreaeury. Custom-house, army
headquarters, navy yard, dry docks,
arsenal. quartermasters' warehouse,
femokeless powder works, nitro-glycerin
works end the Union Iron Works' ship
yards, which are largely occupied with
naval construction, make it essential that
Fan Francisco should be protected beyond
th*> possibility of a doubt.
For this reason the iar.d defense* of San
Francisco take on an interest that per
tains to no other port.
The manly art of ep'f -defense is in Its
broader forms one of the first that should
be instilled In the individual. The life
that is not •worth protecting is not worth
living, and the life that feels itself but
feebly protected is not half lived.
The national art of eelf-defense is
*-hown and exemplified In its most per
fect type by the new fortifications of San
Franclfro, which lack nothing but com
pletion as planned to make them the equal
¦ : any - • ' ai •. •. Ht^tsl
In the early days of smoky powder and
ehort ra^ge low-power guns it was neces
sary to place thr-m as close as possible
to the narrow passageway between Fort
Point and U.me Point, and even then their
'¦fficiency was so small that they fired all
Centennial day at a hulk moored in the
bay and finally had to have It demolished
by a boatman with a giant powder car
tridge to get It out of the way.
The fort as then situated had only an
end-on view of any vessel approaching the
Golden Gate and could only fire upon her
during the very few minute* that she
would occupy in passing It.
The present batferies ar« placed outside
of the Golden Gate, where they command
the whole Etretch of baylike indentation
between the Cliff House and Point Bonita,
and an incoming vessel of good epeed is
broadside on to them for half an hour and
In good range.
The location of these runs which con
stitute San Francisco's prlncplal sea coast
defense is In the- midst of scenery more
wild and ruggou than one who is used to
only the gentle slopes of the eastern »nd
cf the city can conceive.
Commencing with the three great dyna
mite guns on the crest of the Pr-sidio
range, there is a long line of modern
high-class disappearing cannon, placed
Fide by side as closely as such compli
cated and tremendous engines can be
arranged, and reaching down to where
the cliffs overhang the old brick fort
that sets like a hinge on the southerly
poet of the Golden Gate. Xearly a mile
of Funs couchant, like panthers, resting
on their pedestals and are ready at a
touch to eprinjr yards Into the air. They
overlook the parapet and discharge their
roaring shell. th*n fly back Into conceal
ment to be reloaded In safety by the gun
ners.
In the very brow of the cliff and at the
head of the long line of runs are those
wonderful machines which are the me
chanical eyes and brains of the ci-ouch
lng monsters below. The ran&e finders
are the latest addition of science to the
wisdom of machinery. Eyes they have
that sweep the eea with a keenness out
rivaling that of the eagle. A massive
mechanical brain they have that works
logarithms with the turn of a wheel and
does spherical trigonometry with a lever
and ratchet that merely clicks a few times
and tells you the declination and right
ascension proper for the gun In order to
hit the ship on which the glassy eye of
the monster is fixed. Three tons is the
weight of this silent and Industrious cal
culator. It is mounted on a heavy con
crete base three feet in diameter and con
sists of a giant theodolite, the telescope
of which Is directed toward and kept fixed
upon the vessel whose position it Is de
sired to note. Attached to the. telescope,
and moving not In unison but In syn
chronism with It, Is a duplex panto
srapblc arrangement of levers which mdl
cate exactly the distance and direction of
the object at which the observer Is look
ing. From the range finder there run,
like nerves in underground channels, bun
dles of telegraph, telephone and indicator
wires, and also speaking tubes, to the
gunner at each of the big guns below.
The ranger- finder Is situated in a room
which has its floor about five feet below
the level of the ground. The walls are
of three-foot concrete, with a slit cut out
of one corner which faces kp award and
commands a sweep of 180 degrees. Over
all is a roof of two teei or ooncrete, and
on top of that Is about six feet of earth,
making a sort of bomb-proof mound with
no vulnerable opening but the eyellke
slit that seems as though hidden by Its
drooping concrete lids.
In the fortress of the Presidio of San
Francisco there are on the heights trim,
long, neat looking -guns, so Bllm and
dainty in their Hne3 that they remind you
of the neatly rolled umbrella of a club
man., •
la all there are slxteea of these appa-
rently slight and elegant weapons of de
fense fin de slecle located upon their lone
eminence.
There is something; .lonely and dreary
about the long guns up on the cliff that
poke their lean muzzles out over the sea
until their tips are lost in the fog that
rises from. the warm water of the Japan
current, washing the foot of the cliffs be
neath them. They are distant and exclu-
Bive, and each of them occupies as much
room as two dozen guns of similar bore In
the fort oa the water's edge, for dowa
there they are socially lined up ff*e &g%
at a trough, and in the cozy corner* at
the bastions a half dozen of them snuxrl*
together. .
There are already sixteen of the first
class disappearing guns mounted, all of
them over eight Inches In diameter and
capable of throwing projectiles of from
600 to 1000 pounds' weight a distance of
ten miles with a muzzle velocity of 2000
feet per second, and each pun can be load
ed and discharged once every two min
utes, giving from the battery a shot
nearly every ten seconds. In addition to
this is a deck-piercing battery of thirty
or more large mortars of the new breech
loadir.g type and In every way the equal
of the guns for accuracy and rapidity of
fire, except for the rrason that thei
necessartly high trajectory causes their
accuracy to be more affected by wlr.dajro
and elusive travel of the objective target.
On a sixty-acre tract of land lying in
the rear of the Sutro Baths and which
was recently deeded by the city and
county of San Francisco to the Govern
ment of the United States there Is being
erected a new and separate battery which
Is to prevent a hostile vessel from lying
off south of the Cliff House and dropping
fireworks on the roofs of quiet dwellings
and busy stores, as would have been pos
sible at the time that the Spanish war
broke out.
Across the narrows on -J>e top of Lime
Point bluff is a battery of six high-power
modern guns placed at an elevation of
•ver 400 feet, which makes it th^ highest
sea coast fcrt in the world and far above
the angle at which any vessel could ele
vate her heavy gur.s. Below, this \nd to
the westward there Is now being em
placed a defensive armament that is a
novelty In shore defense, being entirely
composed of light rapid-fire guns for th»
purpose of sweeping the decks of In
coming hostlles and clearing off any
sharpshooters who ' might attempt to
pick off the gunners and range-finder*
among the cllfftops on shore.
All about the mortar batteries oa the
Presidio heights and around soire of t •
rifles there are planted masses of ever
green trees for the purpose of masking
the defenses and preventing gunners on,
the sea from obtaining any definite point
for a target.
The position of a vessel having been
fixed by the range-Cnden, she Is lo
cated as being In a certain one of the
small squared Into which the harbor's
mouth Is arbitrarily divided on the gun
ner's chart. The horizontal anglo to
which the .gun must be turned oa Its
vertical axis and the elevation In degrees
to he given its muzzle in order to gtv«
the projectile the proper trajectory to
land It within that square have already
been figured by the engineer. When the
gunner receives from the range-finder
the number of the square, he turns to his
table, reads off the number of degrees
to which each axi3 of the gun must b»
turned, moves the gun by its .-ydraolic
machinery until each of the Indicators
on the degree circles are at the points
called for in the table, then raises and
fires the gun without having even scea
the ship he Is aiming to destroy.
San Francisco should be proud of, what
has been done and what Is planned* to
be done for her by the Government. The
security that it afford 3 to all cannot but
help In the general development of ta«
city.THE STXNDAY CALL.
7
AT THE PLAYHOUSES.with those whose nunes alone re
main. George Dietz lives the seclud
ed life of a petty Jeweler to-day, but
his memory wanders back to the
great struggle of the Rebellion. As
he tinkers at a balking watch or
pries the hinge of a locket he hums
busily some of the good old tunes'
that stirred men's hearts— "Tramp,
Tramp, Tramp." maybe, or "We're
Tenting To-night." Citizens of Ho
nolulu nasslnar the back door of the
»*w *• old-fashioned sliver watch w_i
f I lost in. the battle of Gettysburg In
I 1 1863. Thlrty-fslx years later that
V. I same watch was restored to its
X owrer in Honolulu. Tho story
runs In this wise:
George DJetz lived and fought through
the Civil War. Strong on the eide of the
f.rm-set North, he battled side by side
with men who now wear lh« G. A. R.
badge In Bolemn veteran dignity, and
LOST ON THE BATTLEFIELD. TO FIND AN
OWNER THIRTY-SIX TEAR LATER.
ARE OUR GREAT FOREST DOOMED TO DESTRUCTION?
THE SUNDAY CALL.
no tree in its lonely canyon or on distant
ridge Is safe from the batteries of saws
which have replaced the old single saw
system, and while we can for a while r*
spend to the demand, the facility with
which it Is done makes the period of sup
ply more brief.
"Without citing further instances, these
are sufficient to show that the demand for
timber now exceeds the capacity o. t.i^
forest to reproduce it, and danger grows
imminent as each tree is felled without
provisicn being made to. replace It.
"Tho passing of the forest means not
only the loss of that which should be
a source of perpetual income, but more
far-reaching and Important; it means t^e
destruction of the State through the lo.^
of the climate which makes it profitably
habitable, for it is a well-known fact that
just as tho rain 3 are forest producers, so
the forests are rain producers. An arid
plain radiates heat and the temperature
over It is higher than that over fore3te*
areas. Hence masses of saturated •*.
passing over a forest will precipitate thn
moisture they hold, while in passing over
plains they will expand by reason of the
raise in temperature, which put 3 them In
condition to absorb moisture rather than
precipitate it. .
"Should the entire western flank of th 9
Sierra Nevadas be denuded of forest, the
clouds from which come our rainfall
would precipitate but a portion of
tha moisture which they now yield. as.A
that only in the form of snow on the
summits. Tho heat ol sprint: melting this
*now would make raging torrents of tho
mountain streams. The Sacramento and
the San Joauqln would rise far above the
danger point, and when this torrential
flow had passed the stream beds would go
tlry.
"Local evaporation then heirs absent.
a higher temperature than we hava
known would result, and with Inunda
tions in tho early months, followed by
parching hoar, make California practicab
ly uninhabitable.
"Barrenness, desolation and abject pov
erty would take the place of present fer
tility, with its attending triumphant pros
perity.
"This may be prevented by the snmpla
laws of forestry applied for "th«» preser
vation of the forest." which does not d<s
nianrt that we allow them to remain un
touched by ax. but that we shall keep
them up to their highest standard of
production. Neglect in as bad for a forest
as Ignorant attack. It should b« looked
on as a timber orchard, and caro should
be taken to gather its rrop as we gather
others, at the season and in th« way
Which will give us the greatest profit.
"A tree ripens like a fruit and deraya
like one. It should bo cut after tha ripen
ing process is complete and before it is
•doted' by age. when though great in siz».
apparently sound and green leaved, tc
will break to pieces when foiled.
"Every year a-Wa to the value of a
young tree a:i«l detracts from that of on«
which ha 3 attained Its beat. Tree 3 or
dinarily increase in diameter about one
third of an inch each year, and the larger
they get the greater is the mass of wood
«.dded by each annual ring. The p»riod
of the greatest growth is when they ar<»
between three and live feet in diameter.
lf cut at three feet opportunities for
growth are wasted, and if allowed to re
main in the forest after they have at
tained a diameter of live feet thf* timber
steadily deteriorates and the tree should
give place to its younger companions. An
old tree, one which has commenc?d to
'dote,' in the vernacular of the timber
man, has no place in the timber orchard.
The study of timber culture Is one that
prove 3 interesting for the present an«l
profitable for the future, jlean while tha
destruction goes on."
glad the heart of youth. It was solid sil
ver, a key-winder of course, and his name
and company were graven within. So
when; in the scramble of retreat, this
watch fell from his pocket, the loss cost
him a pang that for, the moment threw
the battle's loss into shadow.
When it fell to the brown, tramped '
ground he hesitated for a second as to
whether he should stop and look for It
or run t>n with his comrades. The ques
tion was decided for him by those behind,
and he was soon' hustled far from the
spot where he had lost the silver watch.
All that night as Dietz slept orokeuly,
disturbed ever and again by the crack of
a rifle, the thought of his treasure re
curred to his mind. "My, but it seemed
queer to turn in to-night without winding
that faithful old watch," he said to him
self. "Bless it. it never ran down in all
its life before, but I guess It's asleep for
ever now. Tt didn't take many of these
crazy footprints to bury ft beyond find
ing.. Some day somebody'll be digging
or plowing In. that place, perhaps, and
find it if it "isn't already smashed past
recognizing for a watch.
A few days ago the oro watchmaker,
was waiting for a customer in his little
Nuuanu «-treet store. While he waited. I
had the bad fortune to break the crystal
"of my time-piece, and as I, too. was upon
Nuuanu street and near hi 3 store. I
stepped In. While Mr. Dietz was trying
different crystals In my watch, another
customer appeared upon the scene. A
soldier boy he was, short of money, and
desirous to pawn an old sliver key-wind
watch which he carried.
The courteous jeweler explained that
key-wind watches were of no value ex
cept as old silver. He could advance
nothing upon it, he said.
The soldier was urgent. He begged
Dietz to examine the watch more clbstly.
"It is in good condition, even though old
fashioned." he said. "And It's the purest
of silver."
Dietz looked closely, merely out of po
liteness. Suddenly hl 3 expression changed
to one of real Interest. His Hp 3 twitched
in excitement. With the old self-posses
sion he calmed himself and spoke deliber
ately.
"There are several reasons why I should
not advance money on this watch. For
one, I am not a pawnbroker. For an
other, it has no value except as old sli
ver. Last, but not least, it is not yours to
sell or pawn.' That Is my watch!"
?w e .£° ldler » ?** Indi E na nt- exclaiming
that this watch was given him by his
father away back in lowa, and that his
l T A . DOSSessed since 1563. Dietz
"Yes. I can Jell you -the day that It
Se mm M tt o t f°j 3 s;:ss i .? r '" pos9es3ion - v ~
."There Is nothing to hide-certainly,
that was the date. But that fact doe* not
Drove your right. Hy father was Walter
r»_o t*<uicr
little shop on Nuuanu street hear the mu
sic ad say. "George Oletz Is living over
the Civil Wai- again."
*iia yputh passes In review before him.
Of all the long; days of weary marching
or bloody meeting none Is stamped so In
delibly, on his mind as the 8d of July. ISG3.
In the morning of that day occurred the
second battle, of Gettysburg. It was a
day of carnage, the most deadly In all
his reminiscence. ";-,:'> * . -'¦-. -'¦"''•,.
His- company -was Company D of the
Sixth Connecticut Volunteers. They were
brave men \that r went . to form it, brave
and ambitious and true to their" flag. , But
the • South fought hardY and it, too, was
strong, and, the plucky volunteer com
pany found Itself, with some. other, com
mands,- hemmed 'in between two advanc
ing columns of rebels. '..The Confederates
maintained a merciless fire, and the
"Yanks" were compelled to retreat. The
retreat soon became a rout. Company X
of the Thirty-eighth New York Volunteers,
followed Dletz's party in its helter-skelter
departure from a tight place.
Dietz Was young in those times, young
and proud besides, for he was the pos
sessor of a silver watch such as makes
*
Ellis of Company IC. Thirty-eighth N*»
York Volunteers. In the letreat of July
3 he found tills watch on the battlefield.
He gave It to me as I left home for th«
Philippines, and he said, 'This watch ha=»
been through one war. Carry it through
another and then keep it as an heirloom
for your children.'
"I am hard up. I only want to pawn
the watch, and if you'll lend ma some
thing on it I'll promise to redeem it be
fore the regiment leaves Honolulu."
"Young man," said Dietz, "1 hava not
opened the watch, but I will describe i:
to yon. It is wound with a key. The key
post passes through a hole bored through
a glass crystal, which Is a peculiar fact.
Ihe works are of steel and German sil-
VCT J , ,° Wt lf you wUI ta * e thi s Slasa out
and look at the bevel ring which holds the
crystal covering the works, you will fir.'i
my name scratched upon It-George Dietz.
Company D. Sixth Connecticut Volun
teers. That is my watch."
George Dietz spoke truly. The younj?
man was satisfied, and the two compro
mised. Dietz gave Ellis a new silver
watch and $3 for this keepsake of two
wars. And so it came about that tha
young soldier brought back to the old
soldier his treasure lost from IS-J3 to ISO 9.
PIERRE. N. BERINGER.
\t Wardbury. Norway, the longest day
lasts from May 21 to July 22 without In
terruption.
th*» in-aSiaustlbJllty of our forest?.
"Tho magnitude or extort of a resource
must be judged by comparison with the
demands made upon it. A grove of tree.*
which would last one muu for his life
time, vr.& would therefore be large in his
estimation, would seem a mere nothing
to the owner of a hungry sawmill like the
one on Puget Sound, whicn turns out
100.000.000. feet of lumber per year.
"Take the one item of packing boxes.
The increase in the output of articles re
quiring this method of protection during
death warrant of countless giants of th«*
fnr«?Fts Hives to The Sunday Cal! "he fol
lowing explanation of the manner in
which the tirabcr land is being lost to the.
people, and why ar.d how it should be
saved:
"The timber lund:^ which I am selling
for the Central pacific were' grunted it
by the United States to aid in the con
struction of the railroad. The land wVid
then unsalable and money was raided hn
mortgage bonds secured by' it. Afc the
bonds and their interest coupons come due
the land must bo sold to meet, them.!
"Thn.-c of us who are conversant with
what i-'j being and what has been dune to
reduce the forested
areas of California find
occasion for forebod
ing. We see the end <-~mmtaßa
that will come unless pltlemtt
ber the ground and dry into fuel for forest
Hros which destroy seedlings, sprouts and
saplings, which might otherwise replace
the large trees.
"All that has been done in lumbering
lacks importance compared with what
wiil begin ma few yeary. The present po
sition of ulfairs as regards the lumber In
dustry of the United States is not gener
ally understood or appreciated.
"Broadly speaking, the forests of the
East are exhausted. The demands upon
them are still increasing and their inaile-
bo dangerous on account of the difficulty
In securing ventilation. To. suppfy this
division of tho Southern Pacific alone it
takes all the wood from 40u0 acres of
timber land each year for locomotive
fuel.
"The railroads are not the only drains
on tho timber, for the mines swallow it
as fast as big gangs of men can place it
in the shafts and drifts; but the homes
for seventy-live millions of people, with
expensive tastes and a constant desire
to enlarge and change their houses, really
cause the principal demand on the for
ests. •
"Traction engines, chutes, flumes and
lugging roads give us command of tim
bered areas heretofore inaccessible, and
er myself, so firm is my beliei
BT^ in the necessity of forests to
provide moisture for agricultural
lands, that I say the farmer has as
much right to enjoin the destruction
of growing trees on adjacent moun
tains as he has to enjoin hydraulic
mining, and the time will come when
this will be a principle of the law
recognized by our courts."
This is th« opinion of W. 11. Mills, land
ngent of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, w!io has in his official capacity
sold mere California timber land to the
forest destroyers than any other person.
While the railroad has boon an impor
tant agent in the destruction of forests,
those in charge of its affairs have been
also the Jir*t to see the disastrous conse
quences that will follow this attack on
the greatest of nature's organic work, and
Mr. Mills has spent much time in the
The 'year 47 B. C. was the longest on
record. By order of Julius Caesar it con
tained 445 days. The additional days wer*
put In to maUe the seasons conform as
nearly as possible with tbe solar year.
Turkey has been engaged in war 33
years of the present century, considerably
more than one-third of the time. Spain
comes next, with 31 years of war: Franca
has 27 year 3, Russia, 24; Italy, 23; Great
Britain, 21: Austr" *"• "«JUpri n. and
Germany. 13.
8
study of results of deforestation and
methods for preventing its injuries.
That a man should be in the apparently
anomalous position of attempting to cave
with one hand what ho is helping to de-
Ftroy with the other presents an interest
ing situation. He who ' ha 3 ' signed the
applied knowledge step in to prevent the
present waste of resources, which con
served would be inexhaustible.
"Humboldt, Mendocino and Trinity
counties show the disastrous effects of in
discriminate lumbering, where but the
best is taken and the rest is left to cum-
quacy is demonstrated by the fact that
through Michigan and Wisconsin they are
sawing, lumber from poles that will square
only four inches. Such stripping as this
shows its results in large areas where not
even the precious promise of seedling
trees is shown, by reason of utter lack of
shade and moisture.
"The wooded regions of Minnesota and
adjoining States are private property,
with a Constantly increasing value, and
the lumber interests of many other. parts
of the East have dwindled to Insignitt
cance^ The great Mississippi, that usually
flowed from 20 to SO feet deep in even
stream below Rock Island, has been so
affected by the climatic change induced
by deforesting that a cot/ can wade it
at low stages of the -water in dry years.
Such being the case, it will be but a short
time before. the v cntire United States will
be forced to rely on California, Oregon
and Washington^or timber. Already Eu
ropean countries are buying ship spars
and timbers here.
"When the Eastern demand commences
it will work a sudden and astonishing
revolution in the popular idea concerning
the process 01 iranspuriauuii ur i'cuuu-.
of storage has given rise to a correspond
ing increase in the manufacture of cases.
Millions of them are used each year here
Jn California, while 4,000,000 are sent East
filled with fruit. It is cheaper to make
new ones than to reship the old for re
tilling, so the old ones are destroyed and
the box factories run full handed the year
round to keep up with the demand.
"Tens of thousands of acres of land are
now being bought in California and Ore
gon by Eastern lumbermen and sawmills
are to be erected Immediately to cut on
a larger scale than ever before. Forty
thousand acres In the McCloud River Val
ley are to be sawed up Immediately by
new mills, and this In addition to what
Is already going on. The railroads of the
United States are using vast amounts of
timber— lSs.ooo miles of track, with 2COO tica
to the mile, as well as bridges, culverts
and station and terminal buildings. Re
sides this, in many parts of the country
the locomotives are fired with wood in
places where tunnels make coal smoke
annoying, and Jn very long tunnels, such
as those on the Shasta route. It mightTHE SUNDAY CALL.
ARTISTS MODELS OF SAN FRANCISCO
9
/ "[¦yo be a wooden things— how do yon
1 l'.fce the Idea? To Bit or stand hour
J after hour— -simply to be. never to
I do, and all for the sake of another's
A work, another's fame. A dog's life,
rou 6«y.
That is the life that our artists' models
lead. That is the way an oddly "assorted
group of people In our big city earn the
wherewithal. Their one talent Is the
beauty or the quaintness that was provid
ed to keep them from starvation. With
out it they would also be withouuthe four
b::s more or less that comes to their
pockets In payment for an hour's exist
ence- Easily earned money? Well, try
and see. Liberal money? Fairly co, but
the four-bit pieces that come in fast
enough or.c week must tide over the other
weeks when. In the language of the pro
fessional model, 'there's nothin' doln'."
Above the twirling: dizziness of three
etair flights Manuel Joseph lives. The
stairs are dark and narrow and steep.
They wind upward through an old Clay
street building and by and by they reach
a. slope-roofed garret and there lives Man
uel.
His room is as bl* ac the rarret o f etajro
conception, and it Is almost as dirty as he
Is. There is not a single piece of furniture
In It. It Is lighted from above by a dingy
roof window.
Mannel Is a Portuguese and his English,
always vague enough, is disappearing with
eld age. and he drops mumblingly Into his
r.ative speech. Sixty years of his hearty
life he epant as longshoreman. "I feeeh
earns Portuguese," he pays. He towered
over six-foot men a.r.d he faced wind and
water and gTew strong and 11th© in their
*.n-.ag«. Then the day came when his step
trembled ar.d the shoulders bent, and the
lor^shoreman cou;d not keep up with the
race.
Somehow ih« Hopkins Art Institute
found hire out. The people up there have
a. way of f.r.ding out subjects for picture*.
Their books contain the names of all the
professional models in town, and sketch
clubs and artists apply to them for eub
je-cts.
"We want Manuel." they said.
Po they brought him up before the class,
and the artistic souls fluttered, for he is
the real thing. He did not know how to
stand still rind be looked at for two
hours steadily, but he learned. The 10
<-ents apiece which the artistic souls paid
for their ecstasy piled up neatly and
helped teach him.
He went to pose dressed in his Sunday
coat, which is long and was black before
tt faded on somebody's else back. But the
class, much to his surprise, scorned th«
coat.
"We want the old blue Jean blouse yon
wore as a stevedore," they said.
So in the blouse h<? posed, his fine old
head bowed with eighty heavy years, his
white hair reaching to the shoulders, his
tiny gold earring naming his race. There
Is "nothin* doin* " now. and Manuel
tramps wearily through the streets look
ing for stray artists. He is stretching the
half dollars of better days to cover these,
and now and then tome one calls him in
to a studio for an hour's sitting.
"When you want, you fin" me here,"
Fays Manuel.
Soma day we may want and not find
him there, as it was with old John Ga
zelle. His Sansome-street address was on
the books of the Art School, but upon
looking for him the other day there was
no ready Information in his lodging house.
'"I haven't seen him lately," one man
said. "He don't seem to be around Just
now," anirwered another. "Why, that old
fellow? He's dead," said the shoemaker.
"But It don't matter. I can get you an
other model Just as good."
Yourssr men for models are not easy to
find. The helplessness or the vanity that
!«¦*'!« women and the old to pose have
It-s iiitfucnce over young and sturdy man
hood. Your Hebe or Psyche or Spring or
Winter are easy to find, but hunt you
must for Apollo or Mercury. One of th«
pluckiofct young art students that ever
transformed a* penny's worth of garret
Into a studio is posing in the beauty of his
rugged health for other artists who have
cllmbod before him along the ladder that
he is just supping upon. "I don't want
to be called a professional model; because
I'm proing to have other people pose for
bp some day," he said. And he told the
truth, if the sketches on his wall do not
promise idly.
Allen Thomas of Oakland . is another
young man who poses for classes. He Is
also in demand for sketch clubs for both
face a.nd form.
Miss Froelich was searching- for a
model of the ballet girl, and for long she
Bcarchr-d in vain. Then she went In de
spair to Mr. Lask and asked him if he
had any beauties on his list. He lntro
ducr-d Miss dc Voll, and she made an en
gagement then and there to pose.
"When artists saw the ballet girl pic
ture they Inquired about me, and so I
fame to bo employed by classes and clubs..
I have been sketched in street dress and
ballet costume, and just draperies. It.
tisr-d to be pretty hard work to keep up
lire posing while I was singing too, for
rehearsals take so much time. But I was
v'lxn of the chance to help out."
UJsa Henderson and Miss Weinert are
two more professional models who are
fairly content to sit before an admiring
class for two-hour stretches and be se
renely lovely. Miss Weinert is one of the
J "» who Is Interested in the result of the
pictures ehe helps to make. "Some of
»>• poses have been praised at studio
teas in N ew York." 6he told a friend.
•LTi<S when the artists have told me about
their Euccesses I have always been co
Clad. I as a floorer girl once, and the
painting was Eold for ?100. Just a tiny
¦ketch, too. They say I take careto**
poses better than the others do."
Marshall Robison. the old blind nejroi.
Is seen on San Francisco streets selling
religious books when and where he can
find a purchaser. 'In off hours of hla
peddling he finds his way to artists' stu
dios, where he earns passing dimes.
Old Marshall Is 86 years old. Many
years of his life were spent as a slave la
Louisiana, where he picked cotton under
hard masters. "I don't like to talk about
those d-ays."'. he says. "They are not a.
happy memory." ¦*'
Miss Clara Petzoldt has an adventurous
little story to .tell of how It all cams
about. It seems she has some nice, con
servative parents In Los Angeles who al
ways-laughed In a superior way when
people said that Miss Clara was lovely
enough to sit . for great artists. Clara
heard these remarks and kept up a very
quiet thinking and continued to go nurs
ing, as she had been trained to do.
Then all of a sudden the Petzoldt papa
and mamma awoke one day to find th«
young lady gone." She had betaken her
self to San Francisco, and from thers
she sent them pretty little filial letters,
faying that she was at work in her chosen
profession. They were a mild and credu
lous pal*, and so they ruffled only a little
and then settled down without her, sup
posinj? her to be nursing. ¦
Meanwhile Miss Petzoldt was strug
gling She went to picture stores and
photograph galleries and asked for names
of artists. When these artists saw her
the" took a second look. Then she be
gan to be sent for.
A household of modejs Is the Daws fam
ily on Mission street. Father, mother and
daughter all know the ropes, but old Mrs.
Daw Is the one who enlpys the work.
"One of my pictures was at the World's
Fair." she will tell you proudly. "It was
"Tamale Women.' by Arthur Matthews.
I was the old woman: the other wa»
young. ,We was in a tamale fact'ry and
I had a chicken in my lap. pickin' it.
We was dressed Mexican-like and ther»
was -a can of beer between us on th*
floor. That -was a fine picture.
"Then I've posed knittin' lots o' time»
—Just an old woman knittin'. I'm 74.
"I've been a French maid, too. Then
I've wore a cap. An' I was the Queer*
once, an' a lot of other things I forget
just now, you see.
"Do you know Jorgensen. the artist?
He's a good man. I've posed for him a
lot of times and my busband has. too.
T>ast Christmas he give si party to all his
models, an' if it wasn't the best thing 1
ever happened in San Francisco! Young;
ones .an" old ones anil Chinamen an' Japs
an' all the people he'd rver painted. An"
there was a Chrir.tmas tree and presents
for : everybody. I got a shawl an' som»
gloves: wasn't that tine? An' Mr. Jor
gensen laughed an' danced an" said ev
erybody had to sing. Japs an' all. An*
we had icecream, an' things. My, that
was a time."
The withered, little, old, yellow faca
brightened with the recollection, and a
shiny speck of a tear glinted somewhere.
Models are wooden things. Perhaps
they can't feel. . _j"Three seats at the right of the center
aisle in the House cf Representatives In
Denver, Colo., are reserved for the women
members of the Legislature," writes Mary
H. Klnkald in Ainslce's for January. "The
places are the most desirable In the hand
some legislative chamber. ; It has been
noticed that the women are seldom absent
from thoir places. The story is told that
during a previous session one of- the
women members failed to appear at her
desk for a week. Owing to all previous
records for conscientious attendance, the
vacancy caused much comment. Finally
one of the oldest men. In the House mus
tered up the courage to make Inquiries
of the other women".
"'Where Is the Hon. Mrs. Blank?' he
asked. 'We have been missing her, and
we hope she 13 not 111.'
" '111? Xo, Indeed,' said one of the Hon.
Mrs. Blank's women colleagues. 'She ha 3
a new, grandson, and she Is so proud eh«
has been staying at home a few dayr'
Just to rock tho cradle.'
"It is unnecessary to say that the happy
• grandmother's bills were not attacked
during her voluntary desertion from the
ranks of 4,he lawmakers.
"Notwithstanding the fact that some
man offered the sarcastic toast to women,
'Once our superiors, .but now our equals,'
women are treated with the same cour
tesy and consideration that was accorded
them before they entered public life.
Smoking Is not indulged in on the. floor
of, the House and no turbulent scenes
have been recorded since the establish
ment of equal- suffrage. If there is any
'lesson taught by the changed political
conditions In Colorado It is that men al
ways will pay to the true woman the def
erence and respect to which she Is en
titled. When the first fight for equal suf-
frage was made it was the fashion for
the well-meaning agitators to picture man
as the enemy and oppressor of woman.
Recent history in Colorado has proved
that men are not only ready to give
women the privileges they covet but that
men are glad to show women how to use
those privileges. j ¦.
"From the point of view of the 'prac
tical politician,' women are not altogether
satisfactory as lawmakers because they
refuse to be whipped Into line for party
measures unless the measures happen to
appeal to their sense of right. It Is this
can show loyal and unselfish devotion to
the interest of the people who elected
them."
There are scores of places In thl3 coun
try where only one mall conies every four
teen days.
COLORADO'S WOMEN
LAWMAKERS.
> Sewing and cooking; and learning to read
kept her busy and' happy and she learned
Very, very fast. Two months went by
md then one day Choo was called Into the
parlor and who was there but her own
Cheo and Tuo went away together and
Cheo did not weep any more, for Tuo
loved her so well that he could never
give her cause to cry and spoil »*er pretty,
soft eyes.
THE RESCUE OF CHEO
They took Cheo with them, and into a
strange clean place with odd little white
beds; Cheo fell asleep and felt almost se-
cure, although she was afraid of the
whole world.
After that Cheo brightened up, and was
almost hanny. The ladies of the mission
taught her to sew, and to read and talk
in their word., and she could make a nice
noise on a beautiful thing they called an
organ
Fora lone time she was afraid that
Chong Hin would come rind get her and
they could not get her to go out. but by
and by she was not afraid I went with
the good ladles to the shops of the white
people and saw the pretty, queer things.
Then Cheo grew to laugh and was the
first to run and erect the new little
women that were brought Wjeeping to the
mission. The ladies made her pretty.
strange clothes and called her their little
sunbeam. Cheo was happy, but she
thought often of poor Tuo.
One day she told the good lady about
him and the lady asked all about where
he lived. She wrote a long letter and
Cheo went herself with the lady to mall it.
Then she wafted.
dear Tuo. Cheo blushed and dropped her
soft, dark eyes, but Tuo Cha had much to
say and talked to the lady a long, long
time. Then he went away,
Tuo had received the lady's letter and
i,_.» „-_,_¦». t. . . s _
£ad ™ T * £~ T* i°\ T**
£* «™n %*£ > mother had her
b!ILb !lL T , Cheo that Tuo was to
™" . I°™ , I, *
b<?cn very happy only that she AM not
want to leave the klnd ladte * "ml sh *
wanted to know, oh. ever, so much .more:
lhe good lady had many talks with Tuo,
who could already speak English, and Tuo
sald he w °u'd. d ° what Chei said. So
Cheo was content to stay for awhile until
Tuo eot read >' his business, so that he
CoKld raake money for them to live with;
then they were married at the mission
and the ladles kissed her >a nd gave her
many llttle Presents. Cheo promised them
phe would come often to^ see them and
she nnd Tuo were going to come rights
to thelr school, and when they went back
l 0 the rice fields for their visit Cheo would
would bring many odd things to the la
dies of the mission, for she ioved them
dearly.
Into the night, when there was a sound
of strange voices and noise: then her door
was thrown open and some big strange
men with shining stars on their breasts
came in and took h6ld of Cheo, and there
¦was a sweet looking lady with a very
white Kkln, too. and she spoke softly to
Cheo In a language that she did not un
derstand, but Cheo understood the voice,
and she cried and told the lady in her own
odd words that she v.-aa very, very
miserable.
came In sometimes. San Francisco was
a big. rmoky place and the Chinamen
frightened her with their rough talk. She
tried very hard to be cheerful and to
please Kaya Han. but he grew eross»er and
did not want to be pleased. It was
etrange for good friend Kaya Han to be
so cruel, any way when she had left off
crying and was tryinc so hard to please
him.
One day «he made a mistake and weigh
ed out too much lea and Kaya Han struck
Indifference to the party lash that make*
It difficult for a woman to be elected to a
second term In the Legislature. So far
the members have been contented to re
tire after one term of service. Each has
been determiner! to eurn the verdict. *Sh«s
has done v/hat she could.' Unlike the
majority of their colleague?, the women
have an Iclea that some one else can carry
out the work they have besun. As th»
women invariably arc on the Fide of all
measure? of a philanthropic or reform
character, their party affiliations count
for little if in conflict with their sympathy
or sense of justice.
"Among the fault-finders it has be«"n
hinted that women make law.? -with the'.r
hearts Instead of their heads. The records
rf the last three General Assemblies of
Colorado prove that, if this be tru<*.
heart service as well as head- service la
an admirable thing for the State. The
nine women legislator-, elected since th»
establishment of equal suffrage, have es
poused reforms that their stronger col
league-3 have regarded as too altruistic for
present day conditions. The women have
worked for laws enlarging the scope of,
free education, providing homos for girl*,
establishing nurseries for dependent chil
dren and shortening the laboring man's
hours. They have accomplished great re«
suits and have demonstrated that they
her and there was a great red spot on
Cheo'a cheek.
Her soft black eyes were red with weep
ing and she had hidden herself away *n a
dark corner, but Kaya Han found her
and told her to come out. There was an
ugly, big Chinaman that Cheo was afraid
of and he came up to her and put his
hand on her head and touched her clothes.
Cheo was frlshtened and would have
clung to Kaya Han, only she was afraid
of him too. now. and then the China
man gave Kaya Han some money and he
told Cheo that he had sold her to the
Chinaman.
Cheo was put into a close little room and
•was not allowed to go out, and the big
Chinaman who told her to call him Chong
Hin, came In and frightened her and made
her wcop; she was co miserable she v.-ant
ed to die, and the tiny window was the
only place the light could come in. All
day Choo wept, and she sobbed through
the nights. A kind-faced Chinese peddler
once In a while came under her window
and smiled at Cheo and Fhe was very
grateful to him, and grew to wait for
him every day.
One day the peddler came close to her
window and told her to be ready that
night and the —ission lady would come
to get her. Now Cheo did not know what
that meant, but she thought the good
fared Chinaman could not mean any
harm, and anyway she could not be mora
miserable.
So Cheo waited and wondered till far
A JAPANESE STORY OP TO-DAY-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
By Ernestine Coughran
THIS rice fields of Japan were grow
ing yellow; little Cheo looked out
from her window and the fields were
all around, but Cheo's eyes were full
of tears, and she could see nothing but a
blur. Her lover had been made to go
away, and she would not ever see him any
more; besides they were going to send her
out to America, into a strange land with
pood friend Kaya Han. where she would
tt'.l toy dragons and odd little dolls In
Kaya Han's shop. It was all very
dreamy, and she did not like to think of
It— but worst of all they had sent her dear
Tuo Cha away, and he was gone out of
her life forever. True enough he had
-wnlspered to her that he would come some
time where she would be and would take
her away and keep her always, but It
could not be true. They would send her
to San Francisco where there were no rice
field* and the big hungry ocean came up
ca close and roared all the time, and how
would dear Tuo ever find her?
Po little Cheo cried and cried until her
•oft big eyes were, all red and did not
come down until her mother came for her.
chiding her softly and telling her that
Fhe would soon forget Tuo and that good
friend Kaya Han would sure'.y take good
care, of her out in San Francisco, and
V>rir.g her home again pome time. But
Cheo did not cease to grieve, though her
#>yes were dried, and her little heart was
heavy when her odd square little boxes
were all packed up and tt was time to say
rood -by.
"I shall never, never come back again,"
*he tnought. "Never see the rice grow
yellow, nor hear the soft rustle of the
bamboo leaves, and I shall die away In,
n Ftrarge land, where there are only ships
and houses and no fields at all."
The big steamer moved slowly out and
Cheo's country crawled away Into a blue
outline and then, disappeared altogether.
Toor little Cheo was heartbroken and the
preat shin tossed about and made her
very, very sit k. Surely there was no mor«
miserable person In all the world than
po^r, lonely little Cheo.
Pays and days they were on the waters
end the bis ship only stood still, while the
preat waves dashed around them and
moved behind. Cheo thought it never
¦would be over with, though friend Kaya
Han was very kind to her and told her
rot to cry.
On*> dny they told her they were com
ing to land, hut Cheo was listless and did
rot care; Fhe was thinking of her Tuo
find the dear rice fields and her mother.
"Where they sailed in they called it the
Oolden Gate, but there was nothing
pnlden to Cheo's red eyes— everything was
only gloomy.
Then there was a great babbling of
Ftrange tongues and Ch"o vias frightened
end clung to Kaya Han. and even he
Feemed strange ar.d had crown careless of
Cheo'p feelings. Perhaps he was tired
tir.d out of patience •with her and that was
•why he was cross to her. She thought
the must try to please him In his store
end he would be more kind to her.
But It was not a bit like Cheo thought.
The rtore was close and such odd people
10kind of man i* worth while. As he ob
jects so seriously to dirty clothes thrown
in a corner and to dirt swept under th»
Ftove or bed. and to pins in the place of
buttons, no doubt he will crladly attend to
nil the sweeping and dusting and pic-kin?
up and sewing, and so take a great bur
den off the shoulders of the affinity.
Meantime she might come to town to
Khop and club.
Rut. after all. thr?e personal and finan
cial charms are of the earth, earthy. The
real thing Is the heart. And in the great
ness of his heart does Sir. Cameron excel.
¦ He lias Issued it in an edition of several
, hundred, big enough to Include all the
; loveun«ss of San Francisco. "There mun
. be perfect confidence between U3. for
without it there cannot be love." This
is a message of the soul; thi3 13 deep call
. ins unto deep.
ARE TEARFUL WOMEN TYRANTS?
Oliver Wendell Holmes once said that
there were two powers that operated both
physical and social affairs— wind power
and water power. Men. I suppose, may
be said to use the former when they
swear, and women the latter when they
cry. Tears are a confession of weakness,
and yet women are never fo strong a3
when they use them. A woman's tears are
generally an evidence that she. has tho
wrong side of the argument, and yet they
are invariably the sign of her triumph.
Tears are a last resort when everything
else fails, like a cavalry reserve In time,
of battle. A man may boast as much as
he pleases about his steadfastness and
iron will, but when he faces a tearful
woman he yields as readily as did Corio.
lanus. His innate chivalry makes his
submission a sure thing.
There is no remedy for it. Man might
as well yield gracefully first as 'last. Tho
defiant weakness which a woman «howa
by crying is irresistible, and she knows it.
It is the water power that grinds a man
down to her conception of what a good
husband ought to be.
Now crying is the prerogative of a wo
mun, and she will never relinquish it. She
is a Lorn strategist, and knows how to
gain her ends. Napoleon said that ho
ruled France, his wife ruled him, and
that the baby ruled his wife.
FARALLON ISLAND.
Dear Madame: It is through in
formation given me by Mr. Walter
McDonnell of Chicago that I am per
mitted to address you; and how to do
so is something of a problem.
However, I think the best way is
to tell you something about myself,
for this will give you an idea what I
am like, and will enable you to decide
if we would be suited to each other.
I am 5 feet 8 inches tall and weigh.
142 pounds. Hair was coal black, but
now, at the age of 45, it is turning
a little gray. Very expressive and in
telligent dark brown eyes, black
beard trimmed to a point, also black
mustache. Health good. Sound in
body and limb. At the present time
I am employed by the United States
Government as a lighthouse keeper
at a salary of $600 a year and ra
tions, which is fair wages, ns with
my rations I have but little food to
buy. I have no house rent, coal, light
or water to pay for.
My. trade is that of a stationary or
locomotive engineer, but times wero
so dull and situations so scarce I con
cluded to try a civil servica examina
tion for a position in the Lighthouse
Department, and secured a percentaga
of 80 5-10, and was temporarily ap
pointed at this station.
the same breath with thin sickly piece of
emptiness? The only excuse I* that the
t-'acrcd form of art should be cleansed
from the stains which such a spirit as
reigns in this book would cast upon it.
(.John Lane, New York. 5125.)
. • .
Th«» temper of Mrs. Louise Chandler
Moulton'* little book of poems. "At the
Wind's 5 Will." fcems to be fairly express
ed by the following verses:
"WITH A BOOK."
"You fain would know the story of my
life?
Nay. then you shall divir.e It from my
pong—
The weariness of ever-baffled strife;
The Joy that fl*d. the grief that lingers
long;
"The barren shore, laved by the bitter
tide:
Th" vanity of all beneath the fun;
Th<* longing, that fau-'s mockery denied:
Th-- triumph unachieved, the goal un-
•*The fleeting moments, vague and sweet
nnd dear
As -violets upon a crave that grow.
Is not the whole vain Story written here?
Then turn these leaves, and you my soul
shall know."
It would not be true to say that all the
poems are upon the themes enumerated
in these stanzac. but by far the most and
the b<'t:t of them ;;rc. Nowhere else have
I seen bereavement, the sorrow* of mem
ory, the transitory rature of happiness
and beauty, celebrated with such elo
qcencc. In! Bt»ch variety, with such se
ductive melody and charm of phrase. The
union of ceo nine feeling with technical
i-ki!l and conscientious devotion to style
keeps the poems to a singularly high
level. The sonnets, though not in most
ase* so full of charm BJ the lyrics, in
• ,''.¦ ihf finest poems In the book, the
Konnet which begins "When we confront
<¦ vastneta of the night" being cspecl
ooble. (Ltttle. Drown &. Co., 805
...
The Rev. J. M. Duckleys "Extenipora
fous Oratory" has been reprinted. So
• !. that is fanciful and misleading has
n published on the art of public speak
¦-¦ that it Is a pleasure to call attention
Lbii •:*=< ful book. Dr. IJuckicy's Bobcr
¦'¦¦ cnergetJe mind and his wide cxpe
¦< equip him as an adviser far bet
than th<; artificial and limited train
iv possessed by professional
I of elocution^ Dr. Buckley's book
ither a collection of useful hints than
body of direction*. Like all
. it is capable of mielnttrpreta
espodally of that most fatal kind
interpretation which loses tho epirit
vain devotion to the letter. The
la "Extemporaneous Oratory" is
• (Haton & Mains, New York. $1 BO.)
Appleton & Co. are publishing a se-
about his little circle or characters back
ward and forward, but without the sem
blance of systematic development. In fact,
it winds up fortuitously, completing tho
transaction entered upon at first, but
without working to a conclusion with the
steadiness of fate. Adeline dies in the
convent, safe from <'ali.>«to, separated
from Papcalet. A little accident at the.
last minute kept Calisto from carrying
her oft. a little accident at the last minute
kept Pascalet from coming soon enough
to claim her. Thi:< fortuitousness charac
terizes the story throughout. Whenever
CaliHto is just ready to seize Adeline we
arc breathless to know whether she will
get away this ' time, but settling that
point settles nothing else. We are in un
certainty npain over the next move. The
absence of a plot gives to the tale sonic
thing of that vivacity which Is to be
found In the easy going tales of Le Sage.
a type nf writing unfortunately out of
fashion at the present day.
Tho manner of the story has a good
natured homclinc?s well retained by the
translator. Mine. Catherine A. Janvier,
which with the flowing colloquial struct
ure of the novel obscures the tragic na
ture of the contents. Tyranny, cruelty,
treachery and license triumph over In
nocence, nobility, honor and freedom.
They do so partly because the wicked
have no scruples, wl«e or foolish. Ono
scruple keeps the cure. Randoulet, from
denouncing the Wicked judge; another
keeps Adeline from refusal to obey the
unwarranted commands of her mother.
The children of this world are madn wiser
In their generation than the children of
light. I confer to a little movement of
impatience against this.
The grim confusion of those seasons of
madness, the terrors, great and little,
white and red. which took hold of France
during the revolution Is wonderfully well
rendered in the book. The insensute mud
dle into which all men's mindß had got,
making it impossible to know friends from
cnemits, finds v wonderfully touching ex
pression in the scene where the good
priest, condemned lo death by a repub-
Quick Pictures of Washington Notables.
Snapshots by Clinedinst.
*y*t BICTSB McKINLEY'S close rcsMn
f I "¦.:•• to his brother William, me
/ I Vr eldent, is well known, and has
I frequently been the fubject of
JL ¦ otnment. but it is not every «nap
Bhol rirtitt who Is fortur.ate
enough to catch a glimpse of them wr\:k
\r.c elde Iv :-•(]('. The photograph pre
s«-:ii"<l on this pace of Th« Call shows the
President i:rd his nrothtr strolling along
Pennsylvania avenue, near the White
House.
It has rieea reported that Senator Mark
Hanna will probably relinquish the chair
manship <f the National Republican Com
rr.itter, "on account of 111 health." If Svn-
Mor Harina is in poor health h!s photo
graph fcertaloly errs, although It Is s-rtid
that cameras do not lie. The Ohio polHl
r-.-jn seems to be in vigorous— the most ro
bust health.
What in this queer apparition coming
down Pennsylvania avenue with a comical
mincing calt? A diminutive tigure h; a
frock coat, carefully creased trousers and
high hat. The face is like that .of a llitle
old man. Old fashioned, gold-bowed spec
tacks rest on the nose. You ccc how
nearly rre have gupgsed the truth, for. it
is Dr. Mary Walker. She must now be
nearly — well, it would be impolite even to
harard a guess concerning a lady^s age,
even though she does wear masculine ip
parel. Dr. Mary ip under 60. and Is yet
young enough to attend to her medical
practice.
Senator McMillan of Michigan, chair
man of the District of Columbia Commit
tee, is dignified, both in appearance and
manner. He wears the conventional frcck
coat and high hat. He 1* rather a «;ood
looking statesman. Secretary Loner's
short, sturdy figure comes wabbling down
the street. Ho wears a high hat, and of
ten carries with him a cloth bag for his
papers.
Senator Cushman K. Da\ - is of Minne
sota, a man of about the average height
and somewhat aged in appearance, is, fay
reason of his chairmanship of t.ie Foreign
Relations Committee, one of the leading
statesmen of the capital. Mrs. Davis is a
handsome woman, and the home of the
Da Vises, in X street, is the scene of many
brilliant social functions durir.g the gay
season.
Mips Hay. daughter of the Secretary of
State, whose picture Is also shown. Is one
of the most attractive young women In
Washington; and Is as popular at hom<? as
fhe was in London during her father's
brief sojojrn there as Embassad.r.
R| HARD LE GALLIENNES "Wor
¦; . :¦ of the Image" is der.^mlnat
. : by the author ;i tragic fairy
ta!e. Tbe Ins&ffe is an exquisite
K...-:cr cast, a death mask, with
perfect face of the Worshipers
but with I know not what
'.-,'.- for evil In its look. This
.- cold fcrm cf Ideal beauty,
Is the pursuit of art. To
g r"wer of his love for this
\ -;.r Worshiper. Antony, sac
; \ . motion in the veins of which
ran. He forgot hln wife; ho
UUle rtar.ghtcr to ki*s the
-.: :g :!;'r of the Image. The re
loVC en me l:i a few beautiful
I were"*, in the inspiration to a
Id :o be marvelous. At last
!:fc— looks at last on the eyes
linage, hitherto always closed.
herein his own death and seeing
rhite lip*, a moth bearing a death's
h. . ¦ .: i . tween Its wl&gK
• Imagery worthy the r.ame of
•i be si;, h that a r.crmal human
hnvc some sympathy with its
tor.r. IVrvnnal impressions
in-.t for little in «uch a matter, but
1 irnrir«ss!<-n i* that Mr. Le
'« F}tabo!a will both bore nnd ir
i :.< normal rr.ir.ri by their triviality
¦¦¦¦¦ !r fatuousnej.-?. It 1b with mighty
solemnity of t-'isrr.i'icance that Wonder's
rom the nnagr-s lip? Is learned to be
iSty. Ar.<": v.iili what pr.mp ft prepara
[lon is :ho death's bead moth Introduced;
' r:"u:c r defect of thi* tymbolteal trag
• ¦:;¦ Is that a is not true. Art In very
v. ha; i-ho is marie — rriinjett-' 1 . po!»on
'"'v. <r. iSfly of sorrow?— but great art i«
- grtoul.-jfed by de«d hearts. With what
llymplan laughter would Hrmer or
akcjpf-aro or Goethe have listened— if
< -or descender] to listen— to Le Qal
nne's whin-rprring nonnensel With what
or»rn ih< patriots. Milton and Dar.te; th«
dreamers and laborers for freedom. Byron
fc.:;C SheUey-^-but why speak of them in
rlcs of popular manuals Intended, when
complete, to deal with a great variety of
subjects. Thus far only books on natural
history and physical science, have been
issued. The name of the series is Apple
ton's Home Reading Book.", which sug
gests the purpose of the books as an aux
iliary to systematic instruction at school.
The general editor is Dr. William T. Har
ris, who has written an Introduction, pre
fixed to every one of the series.
The general preface is a piece of solemn
nonsense and error, which prejudices the
reader against the bonks to which it is in
troduced. Dr. Harris coolly affirms tbnt
it is a matter of more importance to gtt
the right kind of a book than to gi;t a
living teacher, and declares such books
ns thepe of Hlißh Miller. Fnrnday. Tyn
dftll, Huxley. Agasslz and Darwin have
done more to Stimulate original research
on the part of their readers than all otlie-r
Influences combined. "Th" scientific FpL"«
It" and "origiral research" nre phrases
flurg about pretty freely on Dr. Harris*
pages. Schoolboys are supposed to bo
having the spirit and making th<» re
search, which Is a pretty good proof th:it
the author knows nothing of the research
and ilnr* not share the spirit. Dr. Harris'
work in his offii Lai position has been use
ful to cause of pound education,
though mure so from his honest energy
than from any originality or profundity of
mind. It i« a pity that he should wsite
this vague discursive preface, which will
a novel the eeeiie of which Is laid like
that of the author's earlier work?, "The
Uedr, of the Midi" and "The Terror,"
in the period of the French revolution. It
is a narrative of the horrors perpetrated
by the "Whites" or Royalists in the south
of Prance, when t lie whole strength of the
republic was turned to the protection of
the country from invasion. M. Gras' fer
tility in the invention of incident is so
grent a:* to make applicable the old pro
vt-rb which Dryden quotes about Chaucer,
"Here is God's plenty." His unfailing ex
uberance produces the. impression that he
stops because he feels like it, and thinks
It proper, and that he could go on for
ever. The narrative is written with a
genial appcarunce of artlessnesa, moving
be sure to interest If learned under th«
direction of a wise teacher. Much is
made in the book cf dramatic impersona
tions original with the children them
selves, "marques" fn the old sense— and
representing a grrat variety of subjects:
Indian life, historical characters, disiunt
countries. The hints given seem very
practical; and indeed the ileflnitenes-? of
the whole book shows that It if the re
sult of ;i very real and wide experience.
tThe Whitakor & Ray Company, San
Franci«co. Paper. C 5 cents; board 3, 60
cents; cloth. SI.)
• • •
Owen Seaman's recent satirra and paro
dies have be^n collected under th*» tlt!»
of "In Cap and EeUs." Punerent criticism
coulr] b« expressed In no :i«.it*>r ami more
merciful form than in Mr. Penman's clever
imitations. Ho has, besides, a wit of his
own. What In their way could ba batter
of them should think herself she? Of
course, everybody knows that there can
be but one affinity; but suppose the ques
tion of "which" should lie violently
raised? Or. worse yet. whnt If every one
of the several hundred should be bashful
about responding and should go Into flut
ters and fear to lay claim to the honor
of Mr. Cameron's heart? Then picture the
bleakness of the poor mnn's life continu
ing out there where the gull* and the
waves do all the talking and where porous
rocks grow to a mighty heap as the years
roll by.
Poor Mr. Cameron! Think of expressive
and intelligent dark-brown eyes going to
waste! When there are no end of girls
here on dry land who would give their
own eyes any day in return.
Another of his charms is neatness. That
mil. CAMERON of the Farallon
Islands la lonely. He has groped
theosophically for his nfflnlty
these forty-five years, and now
ho has decided that theosophlcal method*
won't work. So he is going about the
mntter In a new way.
He hiis composed n letter of more than
600 pleading, pathetic, quivering words and
ho has Bent a copy of this letter to every
charmer whose name and address he
could obtain. "Among them all she must
surely exist," he confided to the seagull,
his only friend. The gull Immediately
flew off with the confidence and squawked
it all out to the gang Just around the rock.
It's a way that gull friends sometimes do.
The appealing lines are now In the pos
session of several hundred ladies, and tho
question arises, What If more than one
times, as I cannot keep my house in
the condition I would liks to.
I do despise a careless, shiftless,
slovenly person, and it takes no more
time to sew on a button than it docs
to hunt up a pin.
I have not as yet learned to darn
my socks, but have several pairs laid
away with holes in them that I will
practice on this coming summer—un
less I have some one to do it for me.
There must be a perfect confidence
existing between us, for without it
there cannot be love, and it is this
confidence in each other that helps
to make our lives the happier and the
burdens of each other easier to bear.
I do not chew tobacco, but am what
you would call a moderate smoker,
and I drink less than I smoke. I
think tris will do for an introduction,
and a I said before, I will enlarge
on it from time to time if you cara
to more fully acquaint yourself with
my daily doings.
I regret very much that I am un
able at present to send you jl photo,
but shall have some taken at the ear
liest opportunity and will gladly for
ward you one. Should you have on^
to spare, I can assure you it will ba
very thankfully received.
Hoping to hear from you at an
early date, and that we will be suited
to each other, I remain most respect
fully, BENJ. 0. CAMERON.
This situation is something of n
resting plr.es for me. The hours are
very irregular, but the work is not
hard — that is, it is not as hard as it
would be were I working for a pri
vate individual. In times past I have
felt as though I would like to take a
rest, so, out here, inhaling the warm,
invigorating breezes of the glorious
Pacific, is where I will remain unless
somebody or a better situation takes
me away.
I do not think it necessary at this
time for me to go into all the little
details of my daily life, so I have
given you a mere outline of my work,
and I can enlarge on it at some future
time if you so desire.
I will under oil circumstances be
truthful to you, and hops you will be
the same, and any question you may
ask will be cheerfully answered.
I have always earned my living b7
hard mechanical labor, and have al
ways led an active li'f a. I never would
be satisfied unless I was employed at
something congenial to my trade.
I am very particular and neat about
the three rooms I occupy. You will
never see any dirty clothes thrown in
a corner or dirt swept under the stova
or bed, out cf sight. I expect I am a
little cranky on the subject of clean
liness.
I do all my own tooking and house
work and find it very disagreeable at
3lJ* as H$ Cannot U^ave the Faf-aTTor^s He S^f-ps Out
Tp)sts£d a Gfr-cUTar- Ust^f foi* a Si'td^.
along the bottom all the way to the falls,
heedless ¦ of the undertow, whicn had
drowned several men. Ho knew which of
two minnows that looked Just alike a cat
fish would choose. He could follow the
thoughts of a rabbit about snow-laden
bushes bo closely that he know better than
the rabbit Itself which bush It would
crouch under. There was no beast on the
nhore of the river that he could not tvup;
and In his first deer hunt he had no ft.vtr
until after ho had mortally wounded h
buck: then he shot every ono of five rIMo
bullets Into the fleeing quarry.
Any ono with a bit of sportsmanlike In
stinct will enjoy Mr. Phillips' unpre
tentious* book. Many, however, will lie
annoyed by the elaborate dialect of the
boy's speeches. The value of dialect I*
not In itself, but In Its suggestion of char
acter and of circumstances created by lo
cal conditions. It has no excuse for ex
istence in a literary sense except in so far
as it accomplishes these ends. A touch
or two of colloquial incorrectness would
accomplish Mr. Phillips' purpose qulto
as well as the attempt at phonographic
accuracy which ho makes. Besides. It
would be clearer. AVhat pronunciation of
the indefinite article "a" docs "ah" repre
sent? How do well-bred people who use
the English language pronounce "a man"?
How much difference Is there between
"ust to" and "used to"? These little re
finements only serve to perplex. (11. 8.
Stone & Co., Chicago.)
• • •
A boys' book with the Kami! Interest that
comes from skillful woodcraft which is
posfecased by "Just About a Boy," and
with a great deal more various and thrill-
Ing incident. !s Egerton R. Young's
"Winter Adventures of Three Boys in the
Great Lone Land." The "Great Lone
Land" is the wild region of Canada,
where Mr. Young was a missionary. The
book has the mark of close fidelity to na
ture in all Its incidentH, which arc very
likely not any of them invented. They
fc.re, Indeed, not seldom extraordinary, but
enough extraordinary things could hap
pen or be heard of in a few years an>'v
where to fill a good-sized book. The book
gives a very pleasant picture of the sim
ple and kindly nature of the Christlnni2ed
Indians, as keen hunters and expert trap
pers, and as Indian as ever, but no longer
ferocious or controlled by cruel supersti
tion. The book has literary merit of a
certain kind. It Is sincere and unaffected,
exhibits closeness of 'observation- and a
skillful dramatic power of selection, and
Is free from dlffußeness. The diction is
commonplace, and grace or distinction of
style, or even cultivated neatnesq of ex
pression seem not to be within Mr.
lining's reach. This is a pity, for Mr.
A GENTLEMAN WHO WOULD A-WOOING GO,
be taken as a gospel by many of th<*
eager, half-educated young teachers who
are anxiously listening for a voire of
authority to proclaim some new guspel-
for an educational pope with a branJ-new
creed.
The books themselves, so far ns I am in
formed by those more competent to judge
in such matters than I. are creditable
pieces of work, some, of course, better
than other*. Without aiming nt any
of the lofty end? indicated by Dr.
Harris' preface, without much scientific
"method" or exhibition of the processes
of Induction, they convey not a little well
selected Information In a tolerably Inter
esting manner. Dr. Mark Harrington's
"About the Weather" and Dr. E. S.
Holden's "Children cf the Sun" are nota
ble for the skill In exposition displayed
in them. Dr. Weed's "The Insect World"
consist* of a lar^e number of short
selected articles t*y American entomolo
gists, very little space being devoted to
generalization or exposition of the broad
facts «.f Insect life, the bulk of the book
consisting of liCe histories of various In
sects. Th result is not satisfactory, for
the extrcm* condensation of the Intro
ductory articles gives to the reader no
clear vor.i option of the essential facts of
insect life. There are no uiagram» cr il
lustrations of internal organ.«, no draw
i::^'s from a microscope. The little work,
however, contains a great many discon
nected pieces of information which will
be interesting and mny be useful to a
curiou3 reader with no knowleiije of en
tomology.
The K<rlcs as a whole is not specially
adapted to young people, and the.read
ing «<f th" hooks after tho fashion sug
gested by Dr. Harris would only add to
the pre Kent cram of the school. As books
takrn down to Fatisfy a real curiosity In
regard lo the subjects with which they
deal they may not be out of place In p
uchool library. The little manuals vary In
price, but none of them costs much more
or less than ttf cents.
• • •
"The White Terror," by Kclix Gras. is
llcan tribunal, is all but stoned by his fel
low prisoners as disloyal to the monarchy,
but finds satisfaction in the thought that
he has saved the life of his enemies by
the reverence paid him for an instant by
those who in an instant repudiated him.
(D. ApplOton & Co., New York.)
•? • •
Tho boy whom W.- S. Phillips' "Just
About a Boy" is about is spoken of by Mr.
Phillips as a simple Western boy. who
grew up along the shores of a little West
ern river. Really he was a very unusual
boy, indeed, who knew all the lore of that
river and of the woods along It, with j-er
fect knowledge and almost preternatural
insight. He knew the stonea In the bot
tom, for he had swum down and crawled
Young's matter is Individual enough to
deserve- beautiful expression. (Eaton &
Mains, New York. $1.25)
• • •
Laird & Lee have published a "Pocket
Map of Paris." \vlth an Index of tram
ways, an alphabetic index of places, and
a. simple but convenient device for finding
points named in the index with speed and
accuracy. The map is intended specially
for visitors to tho Paris Exposition, and
seems to be unusually convenient. It
would be better still If mounted on cloth,
for the wear will soon separate a paper
map into sections. (Laird & Lee, Chicago,
60 cents.)
• • •
"Little Doctor Victoria," by Miss Louise
Carnahan, Is a not unpleasant child's
story about a girl of unusually high spirit,
whose life from birth to marriage is
traced by the author. little Doctor Vic
toria comes of a fine family, and is as
well bred as she is high spirited. The
author's purpose is to represent a char
acter of distinction and sweetness, the
weaknesses of which are the weaknesses
of a generous nature. The book is ex
tremely serious and a little diffuse. (The
Carhahan Publishing' Company, San
Francisco).
• • •
In "Toyon" Allie M. Fclkpr has made a
collection of recitations suitable fur holi
days In elementary schools. The selec
tions are made with taste and intelli
gence. It is an unsettled question
whether the bulk of poetry for children
shouH not be quite of the highest clas.*.
If not. Miss Felker's rejections are very
wisely chosen, and In any case they wiii
A CRITICAL REVIEW OF THE BOOKS OF THE WEEK
THE SUNDAY CALL.
By P^oF^ssOr- H. B. Uath^op oF Stared University.
won
11
than the following lines?
O. frankly haM and obviously steut.
¦Whene'er I walk the public ways.
How many poor that lack aWutlon
Do probe my heart with pensive gize
Ami beg a trivial contribution!
For I ?ans: of the sarb and salt unstudied':
Of Dacchanal routs that rased and ran;
Of the cheek nf Dryad and Nymph full-blooJeA
That warmed at the touch of the warminr
i'an.
The best points In Mr. Seaman's book,
to be appreciated, require the reading of
the entire poertw. The aspirations of th«
German Kmperor. the Fashoda affair and
the American arrr.y are satirised with
British complacency. English politics and
Alfred Austin-are the favorite objects of
Mr. Seaman's assaults. (John Lane. New-
York.)
Books Received
"Mexican Vistas. Harriet Wipht Sher
ratt. Rand. MrNally & Co.. New York.
"Mistress Penwick." Putton Payne. It
F. Fenno & Co., New York; $1 HO.THE SUSTDAY CALL.
A FEW CALIFORNIA GIRLSBIGGY QUITS FOR AWHILE.
Injunctions Issued Ordering the
Acting Chief to Desist.
All was quiet so far as raids were con
cerned In Chinatown and the tenderloin
SCOTT WILL FIGHT.
Tax Collector J. Harry Scott Is protest-
Ing vigorously against the enforcement of
the civil service law In his office, and It la
quite likely that when the time comes h»
will put the matter to a legal test. Mr.
Scott brands the recent order of the Civil
Service Commission as a scheme on the
part of the Democratic organization to
control the patronage of his office and he
does not propose to stand for It. He says
he has given employment to the most ca
pable staff of clerks ever employed In the
Tax Office. Every one of them Is an ac
countant of ability, and few of them
would have accepted the positions if they
had known that sixty days would be the
limit.
CRIMINALS AT THE BAR.
Robert Louis Tanner, the murderer of
James Brown, was sentenced to life Im
prisonment In Folsom prison yesterday.
At the time Tanner murdered Brown he
also shot Mrs. Fannie Earnes. but he will
escape trial on a charge of murdering her
by reason of his conviction on the other
charge. Tanner was granted ten days' stay
of execution.
John T. Hyland. who entered the house
of Andrew Pettigrew en the night of Oc
tober 1. ISX>. and suffered conviction on
a charge of burglary. wa3 sent to Folsoxa
for a term of 'five years.
The date of sentence for Thomas A.
Kelly was postponed by Judge Law lor
yesterday until the 20th last.
LILLIAN DALE FIGHTS.
Late yesterday afternoon LJlllan Dale,
proprietor of the Nymphia Hotel, which
has been raided during the last few even-
Ings by the police and its Inmates charged
with vagrancy, filed suit against acting
Chief of Police Biggy and officers who
served under him to recover $COOO dam
ages and to restrain him from further in
terference with the conduct of the re
sort. In her complaint Lillian Dale al
leges that Biggy' s raid vras without war
rant or authority of law and has resulted
in her damage to the extent of the sum
sued for. •
NEW STEAMSHIP LINE.
Almajla & Patrizi. editors and proprie
tors of l'ltalia. have been appointed gen
eral agents at San Francisco for the Ital
ian Steamship Company. This is the first
agency of the kind to be established on
this coast.
The Italian line la a subsidized line un
der the control and protection of the
Italian Government. It has a fieet of
105 fast steamers, with ports in Africa.
Asia. North and South America. A new
line of six magnificent steamers has Just
been established by the company to run
from New York to Genoa and Naples.
In addition to the navigation line. th»
Italian editors have also been appointed
special agents for the Santa Fe road.
STATUS OF SCHOOL FUNDS.
Auditor Advises Board of Education
as to Its Powers.
A communication was recently sent to
Auditor "Wells by C. W. Mark, president
of the Board of Education, asking for cer
tain information regarding the school
funds under the regime of the old board.
The Auditor replied yesterday through
his chief deputy, "W. W. WeHd. as fol
lows:
"The amount of school funds available
from January 1 to June 30, 1300. is $600,000.
as per the appropriation of the tax levy
of the present year. There is a surplus
of $10,90 l i*S left over from the appropria
tion for the first six months of the hscal
year, making a total of $»J10.951 OS available
for the next six months. This shows con
clusively that the last Board of Educa
tion held strictly within the limits of its
apportionment.
•"The present Board of Education ha 3
control of the entire city apportionment
of the State school funds recently sent to
the City Treasurer, which amounted to
$300,000. but as the settlements with the
State are made only semi-annually it Is
customary for the Treasurer to borrow
from the sinking fund and the rebata
funa, and part of the tiOO.wO so borrowed
has been returned to those funds. Ac
cording to the balances in the various
funds at 12 o'clock noon. January 8. 1900,
shows the School Department balance to
be $72.007 95.
"Under this showing "the present Board
of Education must assume the responsi
bility of all bills contracted by the last
board between January 1 and January 8.
1900, as It ia within the present fiscal
year."
; cd7'c3rry out the policy to which they
have pledged themselves. They can
not, without sacrificing the positions
which they have won for themselves,
appoint any. but men absolutely above
the shadow of suspicion to posts of
trust. They dare not face the conse
quences of delivering San Francisco
over to the claws of. its Burns and
Gunst and all they represent.
The Commissioners know the serious
import of their actions. When Gunst
was a Police Commissioner he wanted
more power than he then possessed.
He wanted a wide-open town, with its
influx of preying human harpies. He
wanted gambling dens in full blast, for
it meanta money to him and the dread
ful harvest of shame, disgrace, misery
and death which the people of the city
would inevitably reap was no concern
of his. Will the Police Commissioners
now place his protege at the head of
the Police Department, clothe him with
the tremendous powers of his office
and give to his master that evil sway
for which he has sought so persistently?
The answer will be given in the vote of
the I commission on Tuesday night.
Charges have been preferred against
the appointment of Frederick L. Esola
to the position of Chief of Police and
will be read at that time.
MORSE WAS ROBBED BY
JULES J. CALLUNDAN
FORCED NOW TO COME TO HIS
ASSISTANCE.
In a Letter to the Police Commission
the Detective Denies The
Call's Charges.
The following communication was filed
yesterday with the Police Commission:
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 13, 1900.
To the Honorable Board of Police
Commissioners— Gentlemen: I respect
fully call your attention to an article
• published In The Call of this date, det
rimental to the good name of Jules J.
Callundan, late In my employ and now
¦ a member of .the;San*l?rancisco Police
Department, wherein Mr. Callundan 13
charged with being "a thief, defaulter
and once a fugitive from Justice." Mr.
J. J. Callundan has never been in the
-employ of any person for the last
eighteen years except mine. During all
that time he has been an honest, faith
ful employe. He never at any time em
bezzled from me; on the contrary, he
has honestly and faithfully cared for
my Interests.
If Mr. Callundan Is as The Call des
ignates him "a thief, defaulter and one
time fugitive from justice," then Mr.
Callundan is an unlit person to be In
the position of policeman In the de-
Eartment of the city and county of
an Francisco. Therefore, as I was
one of the signers of Mr. Callundan's
petition asking for his appointment on
the police force, I most respectfully
request your honorable body to cause
an Investigation to be made of The
Call's charges that the truth or falsity
of said charges may be ascertained.
Yours respectfully.
HARRY N. MORSE.
As abova «et forth The Call did state
yesterday that Jules J. Callundan. for
merly la ftae employ of Mr. Morse, now a
member of the San Francisco Police De
partment, was "a thief, a defaulter and
a fugutlve from Justice."
The Call takes advantage of to-day's
issue to reiterate that charge and to add
for the benefit of Mr. Morse and the many
others directly Interested, that the man
whom Jules J. Callundan robbed was
Harry N. Morse.
The people "of Sari Francisco " have
been patient with their police adminis
istration. They have endured its evils
and submitted without protest to the
daily illustration of its inadequacies.
They hoped for a change that would
be for the better — not for the worse.
They expected that. with the operation
of the charter government would come
a reorganization of the Police Depart
ment upon a plane of honesty and ef
ficiency. The people. did not expect
that instead of cleansing the city of its
plague spots the new Commissioners
would fasten upon San Francisco for
years a horde of human parasites.
The people of San Francisco hoped
to see the new administration destroy
the lawlessness of Chinatown and not
make it a vehicle for blackmail profit
and bribery. It was hoped that the
blatant sounds, insulting signs, gross
snares and revolting vice of dives would
be removed from our public thor
oughfares and not be legalized
for official gain. It was hoped that the
petty criminals and social outcasts that
infest the'. great streets,* the gamblers,
touts, thieves, bunko steerers and crim
inals would be driven into their holes
or but of the city, and not given police
protection to ply their trade.
But the Commissioners are pledged
to do otherwise. In the election of
Esola, alias Harrington, as Chief of Po
lice/ and the appointment of Callun
dan, alias Worthington, as chief of dc^
tectives, the Police Commissioners have
pledged themselves to betray the city
and: leave its citizens at the mercy of
the lawless. The personality of Esola
and of Callundan is a matter of small
concern in 1 an affair of this magnitude..
It is not what they are or were; it is
what they represent. f
It -is certainly not a matter for con
gratulation that a Police Commission,
asking the respect of the people of. this
city, should award the two greatest gifts
in its power to. two men with aliases.
It" would seem that men who have not
found it convenient to change their
names' might be. chosen. It certainly
is not • pleasant to look forward to . a
chief of 'detectives .who has been a de
faulter and a fugitive, but whatever
these men arc they play only the part
of tools in the outrageous scheme which
involves their election.
They represent all that is vicious in
the community and all the dangerous
elements 'that may be imported to it.
They represent the impurities of the so
cial body, the gamblers, thieves, dive
keepers and outcasts. In order to de
stroy the effect of the just arraignment
which has been made of this proposed
reorganization it is said that Esola will
sacrifice Callundan and appoint some
one else. The Police Commissioners
know "Callundan. Have they any as
surance or can they give any that Eso
la's.second choice will not be v worse
than the first? He has indicated his
policy and shown his methods. Both
are in the highest degree detrimental
to the interests of San Francisco.
The ' Commissioners certainly cannot
misunderstand their position. Their
duty to themselves and to the public,
which they, represent in a vitally im
portant -relation, is perfectly -plain.
¦They cannot, without inflictinjr the
most serious injury upon' San Francis-
the p'eople- : - : -wf cannot tf?dnti*~that
paper too much.
"No nezvspaper can hurt a man
badly except by telling something to
his personal discredit and furnish
ing the proof.
"Everybody knows, and especial
ly every man sitting at this table,
that no man was committed to any
thing when he was appointed. The
Fire Department and the Police
Cojnmission were asked to give only
a zngorous and an honest adminis
tration. ¦ The Police Department
was asked to renovate the depart
ment thoroughly, because for the
last forty years it has been a place
zvhere you and I could not get per
fect justice. The commission zvas
asked to renovate it because for the
last forty years it has been filled
with certain zvell-known scandals.
That- zvas all.
"This is really a revolution and
I merely asked all • these " men to
stand up to their zvork and thereby
subject themselves to abuse. For
my part I dm willing to take my
share of it.
"The Mayor enjoys this great
privilege under the charter — that if.
anything goes wrong he can rem
edy it. He can remove a Chief of.
Police for cause, so I am afraid of
nothing that can happen.
"Nozv I call upon a gentleman
who knows zvhereof he speaks to
respond to 'The Police,' but I don't
know that he has anything to say.
I have the honor to introduce- Mr:
George A. Nczvhall."—(Mr. Nczv
hall's speech at the banquet zvill be
found on Page- if.)
The people of San Francisco are now
thoroughly aroused to a sense of the
danger that threatens them in the pro
posed reorganization of the Police De
partment with F. L. Esola, alias Har
rington, as Chief of Police, and J. J.
Callundan, alias Worthington, as chief
of detectives. The contemplated' out
rage, planned and perfected by Mayor
Phelan, was the topic yesterday of uni
versal comment and discussion. Men
could not fairly realize that four citi
zens occupying the standing and enjoy
ing the reputations of the members of
the Police Commission could be in
duced to barter away their honor, sink
themselves to the level of fellowship
with criminal elements and sacrifice the
people of the city to a predatory popu
lation. Reputable citizens, who see in
the proposed plot a tremendous scheme
to harass them and irreparably injure
the city,, could not how any
pledge to, a politician could force, the
Commissioners into an act that they
know perfectly would stamp them with
shame. : >
may feel as the consequences of
his outrageous bargain. He has
felt the sting of rebuke, but the
contract was made and he was
forced to submit. With his pri
vate character or ideals The Call
is not concerned, but when he
assumes as he did last night to
say that in this community he
shall be the sole and supreme ar
biter of right and wrong, that he,
in his wisdom, shall appoint
whom he pleases and force the
people of this city to endure the
consequences of his act until he
changes his mind, then the time
has come to voice a protest that
must be heard.
What is there in the life of
Mayor Phelan that gives him the
right to dictate the morals, guide
the homes or judge the protec
tion that shall be given to the
families of this city? Men of rep
utation, men of affairs, of busi
ness and of family are protesting
against the outrage that will
make of the Police Department
a machine of immorality and a
They are fighting for the sanc
tity of their homes. They are
guarding the children who bear
their names. Does Mayor Phe
lan understand their position?
Cannot he see that there is some
thing more sacred, more vital
than the giving of a political job
in the prostitution of an institu
tion that may become appalling
in its influence for evil?
If he cannot, then his. Police
Commissioners should. do so for
him. They owe a solemn duty to
the people of San Francisco not
to place th^m at the mercy of the
horde that Mayor Phelan by
contract has commanded shall
invade the City Hall. These
Commissioners owe it to them
selves, to their families and to
the people they represent to
break the dishonest bond which
will give San Francisco over to
its social scum. They have as
much moral right to invite to
their firesides a libertine, a thief
and a defaulter as they have to
give a libertine or a defaulter the
official power to enter any ether
home in this city.
It is a serious issue and must
have serious consequences. If
POLICE COMMISSIONERS AT THE PARTING OF THE WAYS.
Mayor Phelan be" convinced still
that a newspaper can hurt a man
badly by telling the truth, he
ought to feel the sting of injury
and the shame of unworthy con
duct.
His remarkable address was
delivered last night at the ban
quet given to the new officials of
the charter government, and was
as follows:
"Gentlemen, the Police Depart
ment seems to be exciting a good
deal of interest of late in the
public mind, and for that reason I
intend nozv' to call upon a member
of the commission to give you a fezv
facts, if he cares to express himself,
that you may like to hear.
"The newspapers have under
taken to think for the Police Com
mission and tell it what to do, as
zvcll as to think for the Mayor and
dictate his policy. In view of the
fact that for the last two or three
weeks they have spent the time fight
ing one another and saying all the
unpleasant things about their con
temporaries they could think of—
not to mention the zvay they have of
exposing their inside methods in
these fights — th-ey have furnished a
good deal of amusement by this at
tempted dictation.
"The power of the press is insig
nificant, so far as anything politi
cal is concerned, and their, impor
tance is high only in. billingsgate.
In that line they exceed all others:
1 "There zvas a man actually
placed, in a position under the new
charter the other day zvho was a
newspaper man, and that is the only
good augury for the profession I
have seen. . \
"The newspapers are more im
portant than zve only in libel. I
would like to have the blackguardly
gentlemen who preside over the
nezvspapers here where zve could
speak to them personally, but they
skulk azvay and sit in high towers,
where zve cannot get at them.
"There is only one paper in the
city that has been the' friend of the
charter. It has furnished support
in every instance and has given us
the freedom of its columns to make
this fight, and while zve have been
obliged to supplement the support
thus, given by hiring public halls
and delivering speeches — which is
really the best zvay of getting at
Crisis of Grave Impor
tance Arises as the
First Result of Police
Reorganization.
The Mayor Arrogates the Right
to Carry Out His Ante-
Election Compact to Make
Frederick L. Esola, Alias
Harrington, Chief of Police
of the City of San Fran
cisco.
district last evening. Throughout the
alleys In Chinatown the doors of the
gambling houses were wide open and tha
wily lookout made himself conspicuous
by hla absence. Extra policemen In citi
zens' attlro were scattered throughout
the district, but their work became mon
otonous to them, so quiet has the Chinese
quarters become as a result of the re
cent raids of Acting Chief of Police Biggy.
Late yesterday afternoon the acting
Chief was served with an injunction Is
sued by Circuit Judsa Morrow, restrain
ing him from interfering with the Inmates
of Bacon place and ordering him to with
draw the blockade on tho street.
The injunction was served after court
had adjourned and had the effect of tying
the hands of Chief Blggy until the con
vening of court on Monday morning. Of
ficers were left at the head of the
thoroughfare, however, to preserve tho
peace.
About 10 o'clock last night Mr. Blsrgy.
accompanied by Police Captain Wittman,
went to the Nymphia Hotel, where a
squad of police officers were stationed
warning people not to enter the' premises
as a raid might be made at any moment.
As the acting chief and the captain were
about to enter from the street Attorney
Plstolesi served Mr. Biggy with an in
junction similar to the one served in the
Bacon place case and signed by Judge
Murasky.
Immediately after service Mr. Biggy
had Captain Wittman send for more otti
cers to be placed on the sidewalk near
the hotel.
Wittman's orders to his men were very
plain and to the point. Instructing them
to preserve the peace of the public street,
not to enter the private property nor to
Interfere with any one going in or out.
or to Intimidate any one entering the
premises, but to act only as peace omcer3.
The men were lined up near the entrance,
far enough apart to leave sufficient pas
sageway for traffic.
Acting Chief Biggy has declared himself
against the sure-thing men and bunko
steerers. and will give them ten days to
leave the city under penalty of being ar
rested for vagrancy. The parasites who
are living on the earnings of fallen
women will be looked after during the
coming week, and Mr. Blggy will try to
rid the city of their unwelcome presence.
MAYOR PHELAN DETERMINED TO HONOR HIS DISHONEST BOND
He Announces at a Pub
lic Banquet That He
Will Conduct Police
Affairs toSuitHimself.
Criticism Defied, and the
People of the City Com
manded to Accept Without
Protest the Absolute Dicta
tion of the Mayor in Affairs
That Affect Them ' Most
Deeply.
JAMES D. PHELAN,
Mayor of this city, seized
last night the first oppor
tunity which he considered pro
pitious to attempt a justification
of his betrayal of San Francisco
into the hands of its criminals.
He sought in the genial warmth
of wine to palliate his offense in
bartering the Police Department
and all it represents for the in
fluences which will advance his
political ambition. He pleaded
with subterfuge, misrepresenta
tion and deliberate falsehood to
cover his trail among designing
politicians in a corrupt cam
paign. He denied that he had
pledged the Police Commission
to vote for any one for Chief of
Police and he sneered at the au
dacity of any newspaper to criti
cize or dictate his policy. He
declared that the newspapers
have power only to libel and he
dared their "presiding black
guards" to come from their high
towers where he can get at them.
*'Xo newspaper can hurt a
man badly," he said, "except by
idling something to his personal
discredit and fumishinsr the
proof.*' Assuming- that Mayor
Phelan understands the meaning
of personal discredit and a proof
The Call deals with his remark.
The Call has said and now re
peats that during the recent cam
paign and before election Mayor
Phelan made a corrupt bargain
to deliver the Police Department
of this city into corrupt hands.
This compact between an ambi
tious officeseeker and corrup
tionists, The Call repeats, in
volved the election of F. L. Esola,
alias Harrington, as Chief of Po
lice.
The Call charges that Mayor
Phelan deliberately placed the
tremendous police power of this
city in the hands of men who
would be, he thought, valuable
to him in aiding his private, per
sonal and selfish ends. The Call
charges that he prostituted his
high office and his power, placed
the families and the homes of this
city at the mercy of blacklegs,
blackmailers and social pariahs
that he might gain an influence
that meant votes.
These are serious allegations.
If Mayor Phelan believes that
they reflect any personal dis
credit upon him he knows the re
course open to every citizen. He
knows where he may obtain re
dress and The Call defies him to
attempt to seek it. If a news
paper have power only to libel he
knows the penalty and if he seeks
a proof of the charges he knows
where it can be brought forth.
The Call charges that in obedi
ence to his dishonest compact to
make of the Police Department
an engine of vice and oppression
and blackmail, he did not dare
name any but the men selected
for him as Police Commission
ers. He had no choice after he
had sealed his own dishonor and
betrayed the people of this city
to a horde of outcasts that with
official station and official pro
tection will take upon themselves
dreaded power to harm. This is
neither abuse nor libel. It is the
The Cali charges that Mayor
Phelan has already suffered
whatever humiliation his nature
Pages 13 to 20
Pages 13 to 20
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXYH-NO. 45.
SAN FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900— TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
The San Francisco CallHALL'S lEINYIGORATOR
tgal^ Five hundred reward for aay
Ej^^ case we cannot cor*. This secret
ri^p* mri& re me<t T stop« all losses In »•
Asa &JJ nour». cures Emissions. lanpo-
[Sj RuTJ i?,* 167 " Varteocele. Gonorrhoea.
HsA Ear! P. I **!* .. Flts « Btrtctur«s. Lost
f^f >f*a^ Manhood and all wastlns; eSccts
--- - of sej [f-abusef -abuse or excesse*. Sent
sealed. S3 bottle; t bottles. U; guaranteed t»
S%S%F*%k 4 "" HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
ETITUTS. 855 Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also
for sale at 1071* Market st. 8. F. All prtTata
diseases <julckly cured. Bead tor tn» book.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— Tha special
postal service between Beckwlth and Ket
tle, Plumas County, will b« discontinued
after February 9- A. H. Duncan was to
day appointed Postmaster at Park. El
Dorado County, vice M. M. Stark, re
signed.
Pensions for Callfornians: Original-
Jacob Pearson, Los Argeles, J5; Clark I*
Lamoreux, Los Angeles. $5; Horace J©w
ett. West Saticoy, $6; Michael O'Keefe.
NAME O F THE
WRECKED SHIP
YET UNKNOWN
Bodies of Lost Seamen
Strewn Along the Beach
of St. Marys Bay.
VESSEL BREAKING UP
All Hope That Any of Those
Aboard Survived the Disaster
Has Been Abandoned.
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Jan. 11— The name
of the wrecked vessel In St. Marys
Bay Is atlll unknown. The weather
continues rough to-day, and the
fisher folk were unable to board her.
She Is almost wholly submerged and her
hull is badly battered. At present the
seas are breaking over the ship and run
ning mountain high against the rocks.
Much wreckage Is strewn along the strand
and many bodies, some of them dismem
bered, are visible. Portions of the boats
remain hooked to the blocks, and this is
believed to indicate that the boats were
swamped in lowering and that their crews
perished. Most of the bodies are only half
clothed.
The wind Is now oft the land and the
wreckage is not coming ashore. Therefore
no further knowledge can be gained re
garding the ship's cargo or her passengers
if she carried any.
A watch has been maintained along the
cliff ever since the people got there, and
fire 3 are kept burning at night and flags
waving by day as a signal to any boat's
crew which may have escaped. It Is not
considered likely, however, that any suc
ceeded in getting away from the wreck.
Derricks were erected to-day at likely
points to lower men to-morrow to recover
bodies' washed up. and if possible to dis
cover the name of the vessel from the
wreckage. Divers will be sent from here
If it be found impossible to obtain the
steamer's name by other means.
The racovery and burial of the bodies of
the ship's company have been ordered by
the Marine Department. The cruiser Fio
nana. from Fortune Bay. should reach the
scene of the wreck to-morrow. No re
ports have been received from any local
ity whither wreckage or boats might be
expected to drift.
The French company's repairing steam
er Francois Arogo, which it was fearci
might prove to be the vessel wrecked and
burning in St. Marys Bay. has arrived
here, fourteen days from Havre, via
Cherbourg. She met stormy weather and
is short cf coal. She will remain here un
til tine weather sets in, when she will go
to repair the cable fifty miles southeast of
St. Johns.
Another steamer In distress is Just en
tering the port.
As the result of interviews by the cor
respondent of the Associated Press with
a number of shipmasters, the conclusion
is reached that the wreck is a freight or
passenger vessel from some port in th«»
United States, which had been trying to
make Cape Race^ in order to get a depart
ure point for the voyage across the At
lantic. - fst'
HALIFAX. N. 8., Jan. 13.— The Allan
line steamer Corean arrived to-night from
Glasgow and Liverpool, via St. Johns, N.
F. The Corean was twenty-four hours
overdue, ar.d !t had been feared that the
steamer wrecked at St. Marys Bay was
this boat. "j
...CONTINUATION 0F"...
REMNANT SALE!
Seasonable and desirable goods, marked at very low prices in
order to close out all broken assortments.
DRESS GOODS.
All-Wool Cheviot Sultln*3. mixed colorters. » Inches wide; former price eco
per yard; foT the remnants, now V J
iyc per Tarui
FANCY DRESDEN DRESS GOODS
Dark mixed shadln* two-tone<J effects, wool and mohair. 41 Inches wide;
regular price 15c; for the remnants, now
I7c per Yard.
NO\/ELTY PLAIDS.
Lorrs rartety of eolortnrs. double fold: Just ths thing- for Wa!«ts and Chll-
dre?i D«.ses; rerular Isc »rade; for the remnants, now
10c per Yard.
HEmMED HUCK TO\A/ELS.
Extra heavy. XSxM inches; price was $t7l per doxen: now
$1.25 per Dozen.
HONEYCOMB BEDSPREADS.
Lares slse; resrnlar SSe quality . _ , . ._ -.
Special at 70c.
BLANKETS.
• - Extra heaTy California Wool; its* MxW Inches: rerolar 13.W rrade.
Special at $3.75.
A few illicitly soiled Blankets marked at treatly reduced prices.
PILLOWCASES.
Good Quality, hemstitched. Mxtt inches. . , jVmtm
Special at 15c.
TENNIS FLANNEL.
Remnants; stripes and checks; light and medium colors; 13c and UHc trade.
Now at 8c per Yard.
TABLE DAMASK.
Bleached; M Inches wide; 40c Quality; now
25c per Yard.
FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS.
Lined sleeves; fioonc« bottom nicely trfcnmed; Car* colors; t2.00 rrttf*.
Special at $1.50.
MARKET-STREET STORE ONLY.
KBHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
Dr. Parker's Couch Cure. One dose will stop
a cou£h. Never falls. Try it. All drusststa.
sTIII ITC* CoB »»J«t«ly eradicated wttt-
r*ll r out eut "=« <>r mi*. n«
I I l_l_O «?»•? »« »«r- Tor Informa-
tion address B. F. RECTVI.
mmmmmmmamm LNSTITLTE, u» >Task»«.
SPECIAL ROUADTBIP TICKETS TO
PASO ROBLES |™»
Most noted Mineral Springs ta United States.
Marvelous cures ot Rheumatism. Blood. Llrir.
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. Apply
FRANK W. ELY. City Ajjeat, 6i> Market st.
WINVER RESORTS.
Weak Men and Women
trenctk to sexnal cr»aaa, Depot, ta yirmriT
44 Saying and Doing
Are Two Things."
ft is not <o>hat toe say bat *oihat Hood's
SarsaparSla does that tells the story of its
merit. Us great record of cures of all forms
of blood diseases, including scrofula, rheu-
matism, dyspepsia, catarrh, prove its
power to cure you also. Yot may be
sure Hood's SarsaparUla <un& do you good.
The BlOOd — *?A grand bloody purifier
is Hood's SarsaparSla. This and Hood's
PSls have greatly benefited me." SMrs.
F. G. Smith, Clebume, Tex.
Impure Blood —"I am pleased to
recommend Hood's SarsaparSla as a
tonic and blood medicine." SMiss Nellie
HSenbrant, t %pchester, N. V. t
DEUTZ &
QELDERAIANN'S
(AY. FRANCE)
CHAMPAGNE
EXTRA DRY.
CHARLCS MEINTSCKB A CO..
AGEXT3. SU Sacramento «t-. S. F., CSaL
Minister Takes Poison.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ALB AX V, Or., Jan. 13.— Rev. Eugene
Beeman. a young: minister of Lebanon,
attempted suicide by taking chloroform.
He had courted a young lady for several
years, but a photographer contested his
suit and secured the girl. In a flt of de
spondency he bought the chloroform and
eought' to end hla life. He will probably
recover.
&£? ¦ | J -Jl • !>• pansSss
THE HOME REMEDY " li:i; "r'-
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS «£SX
t" "Ti3f . r.ir til tao« (uu. aiianita ia4 i.3:i.t>»« n*
na«l7 en «t.C 99 _ ft r>' I«KiT«rp!i*l. Krll.Tr.
* ;a^Ji. i " >!l »««rt»« •«!>• la
C£^Z&3b BBiautet. froaptlv f^trt K»wii;h%
C^5^K»J J* »»»*». B.»^ »^J B»vJ '.-? Trou"- ii. T±.sxs.-*t.
gvSft! s«rrju»a««. r?ir ut I»?>v!il-nr7 Care*
y r 3^,f«i r&iQiaadkUrta»i«Ducir(Un Ilia- >SV
W^P\HBL lakes 9»r»a»»»«tnf»r»noin. Cktrri/«f>'\
/TT. »»tn«» «a 4 Vitalise* tt» w!to!*Wll J
' '^i^^rV' rmm *- ! *«fe.s«pe»a.lA»*«l»t*ljTr^f
c*»pl»t» a *mr« in ord-.a«rr nin
STOPS A l l PitS' * OLI * BT ALL Dureci *t«.
in iv minu Ito ik.Mxucktnt.l *:s-. c\i*»n
Soil U Itea rrucuea *a 4 o*i;*a i bj to* Owl Dro? C*
FOR 3 ROOMS OAK FURNITURE.
BEDROOM SET. I PIECES 1 ROCKER. I
CHAIRS. I WIRE UATTRES3. 1 TOP MAT-
TRESS. 1 CENTER TABLE. 1 PAIR PIL-
LOWS.
DININO ROOM. «-rOOT OAK EXTEX3ION
TABLE. 4 OAK CHAIRB.
KITCHEN. NO. 7 STOVE AND BOX. 1 PAT-
ENT KITCHEN TABLE AND 2 CHAIR 3.
ESTIMATES CHEERFULLT GIVEN.
Also full Una of CARPETS from 400 up.
T. BRIULIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Opp. Union Sauar*. cor. PowelL
Open evenings. Free delivery Oakland. Ala.
meda and Berkeley.
PROMOTES GROWTH BY
MEANS OF ELECTRICITY
Paris Physician's Experiments Suc
cessful Even in the Case of
Adults.
Fpec'.al Cable to Th* Call and New York Her-
aid. Copyrighted, lSwo. by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS. Jan. 13.— Dr. Springer recently
read a paper before the Academy of Medi
cine about his Investigations to promote
the growth of children, youths or even
persons who are apparently fully grown.
He has found electricity valuable. Treat
ment by electricity of the cartilage of
the knees Increased functional activity so
materially that in every case, save where
ossification of the cartilages was com
plete, a marked Increase of growth had
been the result.
One instance was that of a Toung con
script, who within a few weeks attained
the neight limit requisite to secure his en
rollment, although Dr. Springer had little
hope of success when he began his experi
ments.
BALLOONS WILL BACE.
Novel Feature to Be Witnessed at the
Paris Exposition.
Epecial Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. 1300. by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Jan. 13— One of the Interesting
features of the Exposition will be balloon
races, which will start from Vincennes.
and are open to foreigners. Each com
petitor must produce evidence of his ex
perience as an aeronaut. Inflating will be
supplied to each balloon gratis^ The cost
cf the return journey by train from the
point where the balloon descends to Paris
will be paid by the committee on race*
according to a tariff to be drawn up later.
Races for distance covered, height
reached and length of ascension and races
to a given point indicated In advance have
been organized.
FOUR HUNDRED ILL.
No Abatement to the Epidemic at
San Luis Obispo. -
6 pedal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Jan. 13.— The epi
demic which appeared so suddenly still
prevails. A few citizens have resisted all
encroachments of the disease. Many are
*till indisposed and some doren persons
are in a delirious state. Bad hygienic sur
roundings make sewage of the water and
north or east winds produce a great de
pression upon those attacked. The phy
sicians have hopes of controlling the mat
ter. The city Is without a board of
health to Investigate the causes properly
for a detailed official report, and what Is
learned Is carried about piecemeal, pro
ducing much excitement. Mora than 400
persons are aOicted.
THREE PERSONS PERISH
IN A BURNING HOUSE
Mother Bushes Into the Flames in a
Vain Attempt to Save Two
Children-
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Three persons
were burned to death in a flre to-night in
a two-story frame dwelling on Pine
street. Corona. L. I. They were:
ELIZABETH CAMPBELL, 49 years old.
JENNIE CAMPBELL, 21 years old.
ARCHIE CAMPBELL. 10 years old.
The cause of the fire is unknown. The
damage will amount to but JlOOO.
The house' was occupied by Thomas
Campbell and his family- Campbell es
caped at the first alarm and Mrs. Camp
bell followed him. She reached the road
in front of the house and then, learning
that her four children were ail in the
burning house, dashed into the flames and
was seen no more until her charred body
was found after the fire was extinguished.
Campbell's tack was badly burned and
Grace and Nellie, who followed him, were
burned about the face and neck.
The firemen entered and ascended to the
second floor, where the body of Mrs.
Campbell was found beside those of her
children. Jennie and Archie.
DANGER OF A PLAGUE
EPIDEMIC AT MANILA
Population Is Frightfully Congested
and the City Has No Sewerage
System-
Special Cable to The Call and New Terk Her
ald. Copyrighted. 1&00. by James Gordon
Bennett. ¦. :»: _-¦-;
MANILA, Jan. 13.— Three undoubted
cases of bubonic plague have occurred
within the city limits. While a strict
quarantine has been established and hun
dreds of Inspectors are making an Inspec
tion of the entire city, the population of
the city is frightfully congested and there
is no sewerage system here. Horses are
now being inocufated to secure antitox
in serum. Dr. Eddy, an expert. Is un
willing yet to state that there Is no dan
ger of an epidemic.
MISS SCHIEFFELIN AND
C. B. ISMAY WEDDED
Ceremony Was Hastened on Account
of Mr. Ismay's Intention to Sail
for South Africa-
LONDON, Jan. 13.— C. B. Ismay and
Miss Constance Schieffelin were married
in London this morning by special license.
Mr. Ismay started for South Africa this
afternoon. „
The bride is the daughter of George R.
Schieffelin of New York and the bride
groom is the son of the late Thomas H.
Israay. founder of the White Star steam
ship line. Miss Schieffelin sailed for Eng
land with her father about two week*
ago. Her sister Florence is the wife of
T. Bruce Ismay. brother of C. B. Ismay.
The marriage, it is said, was hastened by
Mr. Ismay' s intention to sail for South
Africa as a volunteer.
FARMERS' INSTITUTE CLOSES.
Epecial Dispatch to The- Call.
WOODLAND, Jan. 13.— The session of
the Fanners' Institute, annually held In
this city, closed this evening. The attend
ance has been good and much Interest has
been manifested. The professors repre
senting the State University who have
been here in the capacity of lecturers and
Instructors are D. T. Fowler and A. P.
Hayne. They have discussed olive, orange
and vine culture, dairy herds, creameries,
irrigation, farm homes, farm wastes, al
falfa and grain culture, silos, co-operation
farming, educational and social features
of institutes and other questions. This
evening Professor Hayne discussed the
question cf agriculture in the Philippines.
must not permit the political desperados in
control of-tfce Democratic caucus at Frankfort
to make the party responsible for the action
of the relentless ar.d desperate leader* now in
control of th» L*pislatur».
The Republican manifesto follows about
the same lines.
SITUATION SERIOUS,
Blood May Be Shed Should Taylor Be
Unseated..
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 13.— The situa
tion In the contests for Governor and the
State offices and the question of what la
£oir.g to happen when the final result is
declared ars to-night fruitful of the most
extravagant speculation. If the adherents
of the contestees. the Republican incum
bents of the State offices, carry out the
line of procedure they now threaten by
refusing tt wcat*. even in case the Leg
islature decides in favor of the Demo
cratic contestants, the situation will be
serious: and if the statements of some cf
the men h'.eh !n the councils of the State
are to be credited, this is what they pro
pose to do.
K. J. Hampton, secretary of the Repub
lican State Central Committee, predicted
to-n!jrht that several thousand anti-Goeb*!
men from all parts cf the State would be
here to protest by their cresence aguinst
unseating Taylor and Marshall, and to
sustain them If the Legislature votes to
turn them out. He denied that any of
those here now were soldiers in citizens'
clothing, as charged by the Goebel Demo
crats.
SCORE BRYAN FOR
ASSISTING GOEBEL
Manifesto by Kentucky
Democrats.
LOOSVILLE. Ky.. Jaa. 13.— The Re- 1
publican State Com^iittee. through Its
cheers, ar.4 the organization formed by ,
disiffected Democrats, durir.i? the recent
campaign, have issued statements giving
their views of the political situation in
this State and calling upon their con
stituents for their support. The appeal
lfsued by the "Honest Democrats" says:
The men who la June deprived a third if
the Z>ernocrau of Kentucky cf representation '
s.t the Democratic convention are In January
jTeparrnir to reverse by tLe aetKwt of the Ueg
js'.ature tie <ieci*:oa of the pe»ple made at
the poOa. The General Ae»eaifcly of the b^v
erelgn ttaie of Kentucky 1» aatject to the
roer* whim and caprice cf one man. whose
crder» are issued to your representatives
through a caucus Inumtdated by force and ;
<;^ba**<3 by treachery- All cf the rclei" of evl- ;
<ier.ee that prevail in civilised communities
have be*-o rtf-ealed; e\-ery principle of Justice I
ha* t>*en rr** I**1 **" 1 J» advance.
The candidate who was defeated by a de
rjtt vo:e. by the Butservienry of certain cf
your representative* and by the subjection cf
ethers ti-.routrh promise of oScial spoils, has
b*#c mane tIM tr-aner of the legislative depart
rkku cf Keitacky.
The Democratic party has beea put In the
position of an enemy ta th* public peace and
a- tr.er^ce to popular institutions, with a record
Cf cspara!le!«d outrages durins; the part year,
¦vv* asT« about to enter Bpoa a r:ational cam
jfcgr.. the probable leader in this carr.pa'.jm
ta* made himself the associate ar.d the tup
jxjrter of the men who were repudiated at the
J>oi;e. Ke i» to return n«t wr*k to Kentucky
tc aid the con*p!rators In drlvlri*; frc-m ofSce
rien »ho have t*«-n elected. The success cf
the echease* already developed at Frankfort
wo-jM tury the Democratic party for a decade
fr: lynDmJr.y and popular contempt. The suc
cess of these scheme* would be a temporary
•urresder of •. rpjn:b!!raa form cf rov»mment.
The future ":• dark wita threatened danger of
the gravest character.
If the people of Kentucky will ??«ak directly
ta their representatives in commanding tones
they may yet save the State ar-d party from
Irretrievable dlsarter and unexampled disgrace.
\Te appeal to you. therefore, to read In the
record cf the past twelve months the dark
record cf defeat and disaster that may follow
<icrlns; the twelve months to come. If you
ere still loyal 'to the platform of ISS« and
£e«!re this year to ei*e your candidate for
President the electoral vote of Kentucky you
_m SHE SPEAKS FORHODTAH.
PS^^KiJ'i?/^^^ l ' writes: "I hay. us-d HfDTAN, an<S to r
B&£^3£sfc4HN&9Rß9 Aallrht and gnat u.tU.*act:cTi tt restored u-o ta
6Mra«SF*''s?\?»&*sis perfect h-alth. I La 3 h«art dU»as?. a=i wa» I=-
/•_ F'^SisSF -» fiPffWEEflMj/ji £*** very 111. Had b*en so for three r^ars. I
~~" XDBCiMmrM ' oould scarcely set about. Th« least •xertJon
wt' £s&&§£ -r^^rfSa^^a would ir.aic« mo fe*l Jalat or i'.xzy. I cculd
not *'.e»p at nlzht; raS?r»d headaclsea. I *v
EGn£s*^ \T> Tery trr ** u!ar la n ' s!ckr.»a« ana r-~er»l
RX\ \ I . r \^^ untold atony. Tian'ts to HUDYA.V I asi cv-r
gg\\ V |k\ p jl^rol * v trouble*. >iy heart beats rejrularly. I asa
wg \ \\\ i_J }] JH «tron» and beartr, can do my own work. taT»
S N&V I'll ' Jy ¦ Rained weHht. I heartily recorainesd HUDTAi<
W -^fA^C ¦• | |\~tS^^.M to 1Q» *affei«ra. Very gratefully.
R ¦''¦''/Wl** Ea HCDTAN U taieed ip!«r=i:i tsr a^ nerrcna
IPS /^Wvr^^^jg^ "J >/ eosdltlon* oocnpUcated with onranlo dUiur^-
Ir^j^C'^jSggSjggpy' J, a aace«. HITDTAN cr«ate» r^Sutt. t'.rrr.g.
/B^vj'fw^sT'^^&fl healtay men and won«a. HUDT.V.S cure* Sail
hßJ^SlHSEir'^^^l'' W& «2 cr t^robblns calna In b*ad (Fir- S>. F*l«. esia-
R^*^^fc£?^^ I! '^i^S'*O^S cla:?d or tallow coz=pl*x!on» (Tig. «>. chrtnj
W^^^^S^^S^fA^^B^ aensatlonj or heavy feellar la chest (ITx. O.
weakness or palpitation of heart {.T\g. J). coid-
lsti&Si}kn^&?s3H&3&@sA ne * 9 °* extr * :Eitles < F! '- •). Tise*« §r=:;t;=i«
K>^^^«*§!^SsSS^gJ^9 appear when ths nerrea that torrrs. the htar:
JSBußljl^jlJj^^^Bßfejj^^^Liflll^ ar» Involved. It la a d&Acercu* condition. R*-
nenber ITUDTAN* csr«« asd perszm^ezilT.
jy^^j^^^^^S^S^^s«|j^^^ Ti " ir^PtoTTLS ol zxrrsm rxh«u»tica ar»
i(l&ySaa^^aS^Bgg^)p|a^^^^ many »sd rarled. Tres:b!lix». dcru b*f3r» ii»
<^jM|^^^^Sfflys^§B^^f®W 'y* 9 - hollow ey*s, tfark rtn«s uad«r ey«s. p*ia
la bac3t ' lli:s!=e9S . tead<?3;y to falat. *I*«7>sa-
new, horrid dreaxia. a f«ax of L=p«si:nf «vi^
\ i\~*.*- ¦» despondency, all-iocs, tirfJ <«*'^y. l*;k of
A C V energy. All these prove that th» aerrea and
2s3|es^.£j^3Kg3^*^ ' N^v nerve-centers are weii. HXTDYAN re^lev«« c=3
j^§^j^g^^^y^'»4v ./^* \y^ and aU the above sjrcptcsia.
~^SS&&^~ mm r J-t.^r'J -t.^r'- M '^ Mervocs conditions tn woara. ocr^ptl rated
H ' with chronic lnSasunatlona and aloaratlcns of
M j& the uterus and Its appendage*. ar« precxpey
Vv r ' t^ cured by HUDTAN. HtTDTAN brta*a back
rosy checks and dear eotnplexlena.
HUDYAIt SOc— ALL DRUGGISTS. HUDTaN U for aea and wesaea asd is
wlthla th* reach of all.
OFT HIinVAN froa your d ">ryl»t. Wo » packs**, atz pack-
direct to HT7DTAN REMEDT CO., corner Stock too. EUL- and Itarfcet iumu, Eaa
FrancUco. CaL
T CONSULT T Consult free th« Hudyan Doctox^.
F=*REE. I Call or writ© to them.
Placervllle, $8. Increase— John CUffey.
Veterans' Home. Napa. $3 to YJi.
Railroad Improvements.
Sp-sctal Dispatch to The Ca
MONTEREY. Jan. 13.— Extensive Im
provements are- now In progress on tho
Monterey and Pacific Grove street rail
way. The track is being reballasred and
in many places repaved with heavy red
wood timber. The cars and carhouses
as -well as the stables are. it is stated, to
undergo repairs and improvements.
i ie\' i ii\'S Hi Si i ( ,rSS
OF 1 OUR
PEREMPTORY MONEY-
RAISING SALE!
Special and Extraordinary Bargains in
HIGH-CLASS LACES, most of which we will
close out
AT ACTUALLY ONE-HALF OF THE
REGULAR SELLING PRICE !
Read the list as follows :
r>oo rarfls BLACK LACES, consisting of Draping Nets. Black Ail-Over
Lacep and Narrow Black Laces. This let at less than manufac-
turer's prices.
45-inch BLACK DRAPERY NET. all Silk; reduced to $1 per yard.
tt-toch BLACK DRAPERY NET. all Silk, extra fine quality; reduced
from 53.50 to- 91*75 per yard.
BLACK SILK CHANTILLY LACE, assorted patterr.P.-6 to * inch;
prices 75c, $1. $1.25 and $1.50; reduced to f>Oc per yarc#
BLACK SILK CROCHET POINT VENISE ar.d BOURDON, 7 to 9 Inch;
prices $1,115, $1.75 and $2 per yard; all reduced to 75c per yard.
BLACK SILK NET TOP BOURDON LACE. 12 Inch; price reduced from
$1.25 to 45c per yard.
BLACK SILK CHANTILLY GUIPURE LACE, 4H Inch; price 50c; re-
duced to 15c per yard.
We invite attention also to the following
Extraordinary Reductions in Price :
REMNANTS !n BUCK CREPONS. SERGES. CHEVIOTS and AL-
PACAS at HALF PRICE.
A SPECIAL LOT cf EXTRA QUALITY ALL-SILK MOIRE and TAF-
FETA RIBBON, In all new shades, including black and white; re-
duced to «Oc per yard.
A BROKEN LINE of LADIES' KID GLOVES, fine value; reduced from
$1.25 to 75c per pair.
X LARGE LOT OF HOSIERY, which will be closed out all less than
cost, including LADIES' LISLE THREAD HOSE. LADIES' SILK
HOSE, in pink, cream, lavender, bronze, tan and gray; prices re-
duced, ransins from SI .-5 to 35c per pair.
IJfljf Murphy Building:, .
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
OWNERS OF TIE
DENVER POST SHOT
Result of a Quarrel
With a Lawyer.;
BONFILS' CONDITION CRITICAL
Attorney Anderson, Who Did the
Shooting, Claims He Was At
tacked and Fired in
Self-Defense.
DENVER, Jan. 13.— 8. H. Tammen and I
Frederick G. Bonflls. proprietors of the
Denver Post, were shot In the office of j
that newspaper at noon to-day by W. W. j
Anderson, an attorney. Both are severely
wounded.
Anderson fired five shots. Two of them
are said to have wounded Bonflls, one in
the side and the other in the arm. Tam
men was shot in the shoulder, the bullet
going into his breast.
Both were able to walk to carriages
that carried them home. After the
shooting Anderson walked out of the
office unmolested, but was later arrested.
He refused to talk when seen at the
police station, but the bruises on his face
showed that he had received rough
handling. It Is understood that Tammen
and Bonflla were attempting to eject him
from their office, when he began shoot
ing. As he was leaving the Postoßlce
the lawyer said that Bonflls and Tammci
both attacked him and that he used hla
revolver in self-defense.
Tammen and Bonflls say that Anderson
walked into their office and began shcol
lng without more ado.
"He shot Bonflls and then came after
me" saici Tammen. "He followed me up
and hemmed me in In one of the corners.
Polly Pry jumped in front of me and tried
to shield me. She saved me from being
killed, ajthough she could not protect me
from being shot."
It is learned that the publishers and the
lawyer quarreled in regard to a fee which
Anderson had received from Packer,
known as "The Cannibal." who is serving
a term in prison for murder, and for
whom the Post has been endeavoring to
obtain a pardon.
B. H. Tammen has been associated with
Frederick Bonfils. formerly of Kansas
City, in the publication of the Post since
lsSo. Mr. Tammen was the founder of
the Great Divide, a monthly magazine,
the publication of whicn was begun in
this city but which was subsequently re
moved to Chicago. He Is the proprietor
of one of the leading curio stores of the
West.
John F. Carroll, managing editor of the
Post, made the following statement in
regard to the causes leading up to the
affray:
"The Packer case was at the bottom of
the difficulty. Anderson, who was Pack
er's attorney, believed that he could
open the case again on the grounds that
Packer had been convicted in a State
court, whereas his crime had been com
mitted on a Government reservation, and
that, consequently, he should have been
held for trial by the United States author
ities. The Post agreed to help him to re
open the case on these grounds If he
would consent to let I. N. Stevens, the
Post's attorney, direct the case. To this
Anderson agreed.
"Polly Pry visited Packer and discov
ered that Anderson had secured $25 from
him to be used in the prosecution of the
case. Anderson represented that he was
one of the directors of the Post, and as
the Post has championed his cause.
Packer turned over the money.
"Later Packer revoked Anderson's au
thority to act as attorney for him. An
derson's actions naturally Incensed Mr.
Tammen and Mr. Bonflls and they sent
for Anderson. They charged him with
the false representations he had made
and a quarrel ensued."
Both the wounded publishers are rest-
Ing comfortably to-day. Mr. Tammen'a
injuries, though painful, are not danger
ous. Mr. Bonflls' condition is critical, one
bullet having lodged in the neck in the
region of the great blood vessels and
nerves.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
BtftW O«a»matMd f| eharf»«. or aay ta&^^Z.
f»-4 fr..««M «utf» tea ot b,?,", *^-T
gr*A T;il^" 3 CH£V;?u Ca tr*a*+. XoQ-*«trta csat .
"" tJ^w t r **" taw ***** wr * r; a
BALFOURS WORDS
VERY OFFENSIVE
Freely Criticized by Ail
Parties. ...
MAY DISRUPT ;THE CABINET
Flan of Creating a Large Volunteer
Army Sufficient for Home De
fense Advocated by the
British Press.
Copyrighted, 1500, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Jan. 13.— The frivolity dis
played In his recent speeches by Mr. Bal
four. the Government leader in the House
of Commons, has landed what has been
known as the strongest Government of
modern times In the slough, from which
extrication Is difficult, if not doubtful.
Kls light-hearted remarks, which were
pleasantly accepted by the nation when
times were good and ail was well, are of
fensive to a people mourning for lost sons
and deeply angered by the unprecedented
reverses. Mr. Balfour. if he had tried,
could not have more successfully put his
countrymen on edge, and when Lord
Salisbury speaks he will have much to
atone for. The memory of Mr. Chamber
lain's "alliance" speech was dying away
before Mr. Balfour put his foot still deep
er In the mire.
The Conservatives hope that Mr. Bal
four will follow Mr. Chamberlain's exam
ple and keep a discreet silence. As the
Saturday Review, one of the Govern
ment's star.chest supporters puts it:
"The administration is now face to face,
not with the opposition, but with the no
tion." It is a crisis out of which several
must come with reputations smirched, and
may possibly result in the wreck of the
Government. In any case a reconstruc
tion cf the Cabinet seems inevitable.
The Spectator protests against making
Mr. Balfour the scapegoat, and declares
that though Lord Salisbury is still the
wisest mind in the empire, it is Impossible
for him to continue much longer both as
Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary. It
advocates his retention at the head of the
Foreign Office and the appointment cf Mr.
Balfour as Premier, the Marquis of Lans
dowr.e being succeeded at the- War Office
by H. Arnold Forester. The same paper,
gravely reviewing the serious military
condltion of the country, advocates an
elaborate plan for home defense, includ
ing a volunteer army recruited from civil
ians and former soldiers, which would not
actually be called out except in case at In
vasion." but which would form a nucleus
to enable the standing army to be sent
abroad without qualms.
"If we are to escape conscription, says
the Outlook, "the public mu?t be edu
cated to take a more serious discrimina
tion and self-sacrificing interest in the
army."
In the meanwhile, so the Associated
Press learns. Lord Salisbury does not
mean to be inactive. He believes the
salvation cf Great Britain"? military sys
tem depends upon General Lord Kitchen
er, la whom he has long had implicit faith.
It has already been planned that if Lords
Roberts and Kitchener bring the cam
paign to a successful termination the lat
ter will be brought home to honors al
most equal to those of the Duke of Wel
lington. He will be put into the War Of
fice and will be given a free hand to brush
away the cobwebs which clog the Brit
ish army. Lord Roberts of course will
not be neglected; but then he would be
too old for such work as is outlined for
Lord Kitchener. Perhaps before this can
be accomplished Lord Salisbury will be
out of power and Lord Kitchener will be
discredited, but upon such rehabilitation
by means- of a young and brilliant agent
has the heart of the British Premier been
set. It remains to be seen whether fate
will enable him to carry it out. •
The extremist view is well voiced in a
public letter written by Henry Broad
hurst (Liberal Labor*, member of Parlia
ment for Leicester, formerly secretary of
the Parliamentary Committee of the
Trades Union Congress, in which he says:
•"The amazing confession of ignorance.
Incapacity and almost indifference made
by Mr. Balfour makes the stoutest hearts
feel that in the hands of the present Gov
ernment the safety of the empire is not
worth six months' purchase.
'"Mr Ba'.four's statement that threearmy
corps were placed in the field without a
hitch has given the critics arf excellent
and not wasted opportunity of pointing
out that though enough individuals to
make up three corps are on their way to
South Africa they only have the artillery
requisite, according to the British regu
lations, for one corps, while In cavalry
and army service components they are al
most equally deficient, proving the very
lack of organization so frequently laid
at the door of the War Office."
Advices to tlie Associated Press from
Liberia Indicate that Germany is emulat
ing France in her endeavor to g Tab ter
ritory and Is working strenuously to per
suade or coerce Liberia into accepting: a
German protectorate. The latest attempt
has taken the form of a demand by Herr
Humplemeyer, the German Consul at
Monrovia, who has Just returned from a
visit to Berlin for immediate reparation
for the alleged maltreatment of a German
subject in IS??. The case is that of a Ger
man planter named Koch, who, refusing
to obey a civil summons waa taken to
the court by force. He claimed damages,
the matter wa«" taken up in Berlin, has
since been pending between the two Gov
ernments, and though not settled by the
Liberian courts Herr Humplemeyer
threatens to take severe measures unless
Heir Koch's claims are paid. The Libe
rian officials fully believe that both
France and Germany wish to take advan
tage of Great Britain's war to force them
to accept a protectorate. The little re
public is shut off from cable communica
tion from th<? rest of the world and is
anxious to learn the feeling existing at
Washington toward it, as there is a grow
ing sentiment toward requesting an
American or British protectorate in or
der to put an end to the harassing de
mands. Such is the Koch case, and the
French encroachments has been referred
to In previous dispatches.
Edward Blake, Nationalist member of
Parliament for South Langford, formerly
Chancellor of Upper Canada, has been
epeakinff very plainly on the subject of
the rumors that members of certain Irish
societies contemplated an Invasion of
Canada. He eald to the people of Lang
ford that if he believed It was true he
would have borrowed a Mauser, have
learned the new rifle practice and have
taken naßßase to Canada to "help defend
my wire, children and grandchildren from
my brother home rulers."
The former Canadian leader has no
sympathy with th« more advanced Bection
of his party.
RRTTQWFQ for bakber3. bak-
hcuses. btliiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, caaaers
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-rcofers. tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament* St
ENNVROYAL PiLLS
-^Jv Orlctul aad Oaly fl—mt»»> j>
£it ntvA •*»«• ».*»»7s r^suai* i»i»uj A
t£**'X?v£T*' ***** v » aJ c— ' «*«^«\%S'
It- Jff &«"'•»•»'¦•**«. IMffntii «3
I CASH-RAISING I
CLEARANCE
SALE
OF OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF |j
! BOYS' CLOTHING |
I OF THE VERY FINEST I
I TAILOR-MADE GARMENTS. I
|j Manufactured by Nsw York's I i
H best wholesale manufacturers. E j
EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTION IN i
| PRICES I n
1 MEN'S FINE ALL WOOL BLUB AKD
I BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, reduced i
¦ from $10.00 to ?;.5O
MEN'S FANCY BILK MIXED CASSI-
MERE PERFECT-FITTINQ 6UITS. I
reduced from $10.00 to $7.50 : ;
IS different styles of MEN'S SUITS. Jn I
Casslmere, Cheviots and Worsted, I
worth $12.50 to $13.60. reduced ta..glU I
! MEN'S PURE ALL WOOL WORSTED I
¦ SUITS In blue and black, slr.sle or a
i double-breasted, sack suits or cut- E
i away frock, positively worth $17.50. re- H
i duced to : 915.50 C|
' MEN'S ALL WOOL COVERT CLOTH If
j TOP COATS, also blue, black and |j
I brown Kersey Overcoats, silk sleeve n
: linings and velvet collar, reduced from li
! $10.00 to 97.50 n
H ISO oalrs of MEN'S PANTALOONS In
Vt Fancy Worsted Stripes and MIxM
|| Cassinieres and Cheviots, worth $2.00 to
B S2.SO. reduced to 91.75
I 200 BOYS' SCHOOL SUITS In Bine Che-
E viots and Mixed Casstmeres. worth
I {2.60, sizes 3to 14 years, cut to..)f J. 73
| 175 BOYS' VESTEE SUIT 3, fancy
I? trimmed In Soutache Braid, worth $2.8 C
p and $3.00, sites Sto t years, reduced to I
I 100 BOYS' SAILOR SVTTB In nary blue, I
¦ black and brown Cheviots, sizes 3 to f
I 10 years, reduced from $2.75 and U.OO !
I to f2J£5 I
I BOYS' COVERT CLOTH TOP COATS, j
f with velvet collars, stxa S to 12 years, t]
I reduced from $4.50 to $3.75 F
kl BOYS' LONG PANTS BUITS, size 12 to H
l| 19 years. In blue, black and gray H
§3 mixed Cheviots and Cassinieres. I
N worth $3.60 and $6.50. reduced t0. 54.75 Eg
B $00 pairs of BOYS* KNEE PANTB, [
p ' worth 73c to $LOO, reduced to 5Uc H
I j. j. gTldea, I
f] The Reliable Clothier. N
I 756 MARKET STREET,. |
Q COR. GRANT AYE. H
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.Louis Rosenkranz, who Is employed with "W. "W. Montague & Co.,
•was interviewed by • a reporter at his residence. SB7 Harriet street,
and he could not say enough In praise of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
His constant bending over in his work brought on a serious condition of
the kidneys, besides rheumatic attacks, which incapacitated him from
work. He had lost so many days and consequent wages that his wife, after
much persuasion, induced him to take Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, which
she had occasionally used with satisfactory results. The story of his ex-
perience is best told in his own words:
"I was beginning to feel very much discouraged," said Mr. Rosenkranz.
"The pains in my back were terrific, and I began to feel the symptoms of
that dread disease, rheumatism. It became very monotonous to be obliged
to go to bed every once in a while for a few days and then only get a tem-
porary relief from the doctors I called in. My wife began to lose patience
with me because debts began to pile up against my little household, and she
finally persuaded me to give Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial at least. I
did so, and I have used four bottles, with surprisingly good results. The
pains have entirely left me, and I can safely say that I have now not a
particle of kidney trouble, all on account of using the Swamp-Root, which
I was at first Inclined to deride. It has proved a godsend to my family and
myself." ,>Vt ,
Mrs. Rosenkranz was an attentive listener to her husband's favorable
opinions of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and when he had finished his com-
plimentary observations she added her meed of praise to the curative prop-
erties of the Swamp Root."
"I have always kept a bottle of the Swamp-Root In the house," she said,
"and It has never failed me In the hour of necessity. I must relate one par-
ticular Instance of Its beneficial effects among a great many others. A
few days ago I was taken with frightful pains in the stomach after eat-
ing some radishes. The pains became most excruciating, and they presently
commenced to shoot through every member of my body, and I thought I
would go crazy. In my agony I completely forgot the presence of a bottle
of Swamp-Root in the house, and my husband was "about to go for a doc-
tor when I happened to think of it. I made known that I wanted my favor-
ite medicine, and my husband gave me a double dose. After an hour, dur-
ing which the pains gradually subsided, I passed off into peaceful slumber,
and in the morning, when the medicine had acted. I was able to go about
my household duties, though naturally I felt very weak from the terrible
experience of the night before. I took the Swamp-Root for several days,
and since then I have felt perfectly well. I can safely recommend the
Swamp-Root for the .maladies to which everybody is subject, and I am
a witness to the wonderful results obtained In the case' of my husband."
MAN AND WIFE ENDORSE SWAMP-ROOT.
Incapacitated for Work by Kidney Trouble and Rheumatism,
Louis Rosenkfanz Gives High Praise to Dr. Kilmer's
World-Famous Swamp-Root.
LATEST NEW
WOMAN IN OMAHA
Calmly Procures a Mar
riage License.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call
OMAHA. Jan. 13.— Omaha's new wo
man has asserted her divine right to pose
as the head of a family. While she was
not mannish in any particular. It was ap
parent that she was full of business and
had a mind of her own. This was the
opinion formed by the lawyers and spec
tators when they observed Miss Llla A.
Clark of South Omaha walk into the of
fice of the County Judge this morning
and ask for the clerk whose duty it is
to Issue marriage licenses. Being directed
to his desk. Miss Clark, with as much
unconcern as though she was about to
buy a dress pattern, requested the issu
ance of a marriage license, authorizing
her marriage with Gustave A. Johnson
of South Omaha. She answered all the
questions, subscribed to the required
oath, paid over the fee and with the doc
ument giving her permission to wed tuck
ed away In a handbag, swept out of the
office as Indifferent as when she entered.
The young woman who transacted this
bit of business, usually looked after by
the man In the case, explained that it
was not convenient for the groom to visit
the County Judge's clerk, and that In or
der to have the wedding come off accord
ing to programme she had decided to look
after the business herself. She was
garbed in a neat fitting tailor-made suit
and on her head sat a light colored Fe
dora, Under this hat there was a smiling
face that caused a number of the bache
lors about the room to envy Mr. Johnson.
Blaney Is 77 years of age, and his eye
is as clear and his hand as steady as a
man twenty years younger, and he as-
cribes his present good condition to
the use of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
Here is what he says about his ex-
perience in the use of the medicine:
"Some years ago I w,as taken with a
weakness of the bladder and pains in
the back, which ran down my right leg
and were excruciating in their Inten-
sity. I consulted doctor after doctor
and took prescription after prescrip-
tion, but I kept getting worse instead
of better. In a moment of disgust one
Tried It as a Last Resort-
Better Than He Has Been
for a Decade.
John Blaney, a retired capitalist, re-
siding at 2721 Sacramento street, was
averse to having his name in print, but
when asked what Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root had done for him he became en-
thusiastic in his praises of the medi-
cine and launched forth In a torrent of
favorable comment regarding it. Mr.
How to Find Out if You Have
Kidney Trouble and Need
Swamp-Root.
It used to be considered that
only urinary and bladder troubles
were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves
that nearly all diseases have .their
beginning in' the disorder of
these most important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify
the blood — that is their work.
So when your kidneys are sick
you can understand how quickly
your entire body is affected and
how every organ seems to fail to
do its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly,"
begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, because as soon as
your kidneys are well they will
help all the other organs to health.
Kidney trouble is responsible
for more different kinds of trou-
ble and suffering than any other
disease. Kidney trouble irritates
the nerves, makes you dizzy, rest-
less, sleepless and irritable.
Causes rheumatism and neural-
gia; pain or dull ache in the back,
joints and muscles, makes your
head ache and back ache, causes
indigestion, stomach and liver
trouble; you get a sallow, yellow
complexion; makes you feel as
though you had heart trouble;
you have plenty of ambition, but
no strength, get weak and waste
away.
The cure for these troubles is
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the
world-famous kidney remedy.
In taking Swamp-Root you af-
ford natural help to nature, for
Swamp-Root is the most perfect
healer and gentle aid to the kid-
neys that is known to medical
science.
If: there is any doubt in your
mind as to your condition, take
from your urine on rising about
two ounces, place it in a glass or
bottle and let it stand twenty-
four hours. If, on examination,
it is milky or cloudy, if there is
brick dust settling, or if small par-
ticles float about in it, your kid-
neys are in need of immediate at-
tention.
Swamp-Root should at once be
taken upon the least sign of ill
health. It will make you well, and
is for sale the world over in bot-
tles of two sizes and two prices,
fifty-cent and one dollar.
Swamp-Root is used in the
leading hospitals, recommended
by skillful physicians in their pri-
vate practice, and is taken by doc-
tors themselves who have kidney
ailments, because they recognize
in it' the greatest and most suc-
cessful remedy for kidney, liver
and bladder troubles.
To prove its wonderful effi-
cacy, send your name and address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bingham-
ton, N. V., mentioning that you
read this generous offer in the
San Francisco Call, when you
will receive immediately, free of
all charge, a sample bottle of
Swamp-Root and a valuable book
by mail, prepaid. This book con-
tains many of the thousands upon
thousands of testimonial letters
received from men and women
cured. Swamp-Root is so remark-
*ably successful that our readers
are advised to write for a free
sample bottle, and to be sure and
state that they read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Call.
If you are already convinced
that Swamp-Root is what you
need you can purchase the regu-
lar fifty-cent and one-dollar size
bottles at the drug stores every-
where.
To Prove What Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mall. Address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
mining company and preferred him to his
opponents.
C. \V. Clark was next called. He was
questioned concerning letters from Dr.
Ector to himself, his father and Bickford,
which were referred to In Ector's testi
mony yesterday and to which the letters
from Senator Clark produced yesterday
were said to be replies. He raid he had
last seen them during the Wellcome dis
barment trial, and was sure that he had
put them in his trunk to bring East. He
could not flnd them, however, and thought
they must be in New York. He was sure
he had not destroyed them and said he
would go to New York and get them.
The next witness was Charles W. Jack
eon, a newspaper man. residing in Salt
Lake. Utah, and a member of the Legisla
ture of that State. He testified that h«
had met Clark at the Knutsford Hotel. In
Salt Lake, during the Senatorial deadlock
in that State last February, and that
Clark had tried to influence him to vote
for McCune for United States Senator
from Utah. Intimating that In case he
would do so he would be paid for the act.
Relating to the conversation, Jackson
said that Clark had said that McCune
was a liberal man who never forgot his
friends. Clark f=aid that if the witness
could see his way clear to voting for Mc-
Cune he had no doubt McCune would do
something handsome for him.
Jackson said he had declined, and that
Clark had then proceeded to argue the
point, saying that all the scandals of that
character soon died out: that it was thi»
custom of men of wealth to epend money
to secure election to the Senate. Jackson
paid Clark cited the case of Senator Han
na of Ohio as In point. Continuing, he
said that Clark stated that in his own
case he had used money to secure his own
flection, which had then but recently oc
curred. His election caused some talk,
and some members had foolishly exhibited
•ome bills In a careless way, but he had
no doubt that the talk would die out and
he would hear little of It. Clark had
asked him to regard the conversation as
confidential.
When Jackson concluded his testimony
it was announced that no more witnesses
would be examined before "Wednesday
next, and after an executive session the
court adjourned.
SAMPLE BOTTLE FREE
THE GREAT KIDNEY REMEDY. THE w r NN N MlmcAL N scTENCE COVERY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nounced It a case of ptomaine poison-
Ing. I kept getting worse and worse
and was obliged to call In another
doctor. Between the two, I was enabled
to get out of bed and go to my labors
at the end of three weeks. I worked
for a day or two and felt that it woulc!
be necessary for me to go back to bed.
This would have proved a great hard-
ship to me, as I had already lost three
weeks' wages and did not know how
long I would be obliged to remain in
bed.
"My wife had a sample bottle of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root in the house,
and she urged me to try It. I refused
at first, saying that It would not help
me, but at her earnest solicitations I
took a dose as a last resort. Wonder-
ful to relate, I felt better after the
medicine had performed its functions,
and I kept on taking It. I continued to
improve, and after the sample bottle
was exhausted I bought a large bottle.
I must tell you that I did not take to
my bed during all this time, but went
to my daily work without any interrup-
tion, and I assure you I felt grateful to
Dr. Kilmer for his discovery of the
astonishing properties of Swamp-
Root.
"Before my attack of ptomaine
poisoning, I suffered a great deal from
malaria' and stomach trouble. My sys-
tem became so run down that I was
unable to withstand the effects of the
ptomaine poisoning, and so was obliged
to take to my bed. I struck the root of
my trouble, however, when I began
taking Swamp-Root for my kidneys,
which caused the pains in my back.
Thanks to the persistence of my wife,
I tried it, and its effects have been al-
most magical. It took effect at once,
and I think it has been a mental stim-
ulus as well as a physical restorative.
In a few days I have gained in strength,
and no longer feel that tired sensation
after a day's work which I felt hither-
to. All praise to Dr. Kilmer for the
good he is doing, has done, and will do
for suffering humanity with* his
Swamp- Root, for he has indeed been a
life saver to me,'
KILLED MEADOW LARKS.
Two San Francisco Hunters Arrested
in San Rafael.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO. Jan. 13.— L. Caslne, a
liquor merchant of Fifth and Howard
streets, and O. Possio of 191 Fourth street,
San Francisco, to-day occupied the unique
position of being prosecuted by the son
of the man who invited them to shoot
over his preserves.
John Mclsaac is the father of Hugh Me-
Isaac, the District Attorney of San Ra
fael, and It was while hunting on the Mc-
Isa.ic estate that the two sportsmen were
arrested. They were brought before Judge
Itodden and fined $20 each.
Bright and early this morning the hunt
ers left San Francisco, confident of re
turning with loads of Juicy canvasbacks
before night. As the day went on and no
game fell before their guns their hopes
sank. At noon to-day they sat down to
eat their lunch and while engaged in this
operation a confident meadow lark, secure
in the protection Marin's game laws afford
his tnbe. drew near. He saw crumbs
and ate them. Seeing him unharmed,
other birds gathered round, and it was
then that Casine saw a chance to retrieve
his reputation. Communicating his plan
to Posslo, the two, after plentifully dis
tributing the debris of their meal around,
withdrew to a fence.
The larks bore down on the crumbs and
were eating peacefully when Casine's gun
let loose and a stout bird fell . Posslo
followed suit, and soon a dozen birds lay
dead. Then, proudly displaying the prools
of their prowess, the happy hunters came
to Sausalito. Their ostentation led to their
downfall. Constable Agnew saw the birds
and after questioning the men arrested
them. They were brought to San Rafael,
where the son of their host conducted the
case against them. After producing $20
the two caught the first train for the city,
not stopping to exchange greetings wltb
the Mclsaacs.
AGE AND YOUTH WED.
William Davis and Mac Merrill Mar*
ried in San Rafael.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 13.— William Davia.
the wealthy saddler of San Francisco, was
married here to-day to Mac Merrill of
Portland, Or. The ceremony was per
formed by Judge Gardner. • If they are
happy under the matrimonial yoke, the
old saw that "crabbed ago and youth can
not live together" will be contradicted, for
Davis is on the wrong side of 60 and rheu
matic, while Miss Merrill blushlngly owns
up to 33.
Davis will be remembered In connection
with the sensational divorce cult which
he figured in about a year ago as a "star
actor." To-day's union was the sequence
of a contract marriage which was signed
before Attorney Frank Colton of San
Francisco two months ago.
Aft^r the knot was tied Davis left his
blushing bride to cool her heels on the
sidewalk In front of tho courthouse, while
he, in company with the witnesses of the
ceremony. Indulged in several "smiles" in
an uptown resort. The couple wandered
round the town for a short time and then
walked hand in hand to the depot, where
they departed for San Francisco.
WILL FIGHT BRICK TRUST.
Simons Brothers Not Afraid of the
Los Angeles Combination.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. Jan. 13.— Joseph Simons of
Simons Brothers' Brick and Contract
Company says he will buck the brick
trust which was formed in* Los Angeles
to-day.
"We have three yards and they have
four, said Simons. "Our capacity Is
gTeater than theirs. The situation Is like
this. Here's an Island with two men on
it. and one says if you push me off I'll pull
you along with me. I don't think that
any difference will be made in the price
of brick. It has been pretty low In Los
Angeles. TV c have been singed, but others
have had holes burned in them. The com
bination has been trying for the past
month to buy us out."
BRITISH STEAMER LOST.
Crew of the Edenmoor Picked Up by
a Norwegian Vessel.
LONDON, Jan. 13.-The Norwegian
steamer Rirunde, frY>m Pensacola and
Norfolk for Antwerp, passed Dungeness
to-day and signaled that Bhe had on board
the crew of the British steamer Eden
moor, which sailed from Pensacola on
December 8, via Norfolk December 13. for
Amsterdam. The Edenmoor has been
abandoned.
day. when I felt unusually weak and
thought that death was not far away
from me. I picked up an advertisement
which happened to be lying close by.
and read about the qualities of Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root and what it would
do for human ills that flesh is heir to.
I threw the paper away, but 'Swamp-
Root' kept dancing before my ey?9
until I determined to try it. I sent one
of the members of my family after two
bottles at a nearby drug store, and
immediately took the directed dose.
After I had consumed the two bottles
I was able to go downtown after It
myself, and I brought home two more
bottles. By this time the weakness in
the bladder had disappeared entirely
and the pains in my back and legs had
been sensibly diminished. I kept on
taking it. however, until now I have
consumed eleven bottles, and as a re-
sult I feel better to-day than I have in
ten years. The Swamp-Root seemed to
take hold of the trouble at once, j».nd
now all the pains have disappeared. X
propose to continue Its use, however,
until I have taken a half dozen mor»
bottles, as I do not want a return of
the trouble.
"I can say positively that I was cured
of a weak and irritable bladder by tha
use of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp Root, and
I am deeply appreciative of my releasa
from what was often an embarrassing
and distressing ailment. A man may
enjoy the most perfect health in every
other respect and yet be In continual
misery because of weak bladder. I
now feel bright as a twenty-dollar gold
piece, and consider that my cure has
been effected at a surprisingly low
rate, considering what I have paid to
the doctors for negative results."
GONVINGEO OF THE
CURATIVE PROPERTIES
OF SWAMP-ROOT
Kidney Complaint of Years'
Standing Yields to This
Great Vegetable Compound,
Samuel B. Swan Is at present en-
gineer of the Hayes-street power-
house, a position he has occupied for
the past twelve years. Mr. Swan be-
gan firing on engines when he was
only 14 years of age, and was a loco-
motive engineer at the early age of ID.
He saw the last spike driven on the-
Central Pacific Railroad, and he is an
enthusiastic advocate of the excellent
curative properties of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root. When a Call reporter in-
terviewed him regarding the subject.
and requested him to give an honest
expression of opinion of the medicine,
he quickly replied:
"You cannot quote me too strongly
as being In favor of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root. Everybody knows that
the position of locomotive engineer
acts harmfully on the kidneys, on ac-
count of the constant jar one is sub-
jected to. That was my case. For
years I suffered with pains in the
back, superinduced by bad action of
my kidneys. Constipation, long con-
tinued, made me a very sick man. and
I consulted a dozen physicans. none of.
whom afforded me any relief. I re-
member a brother locomotive en-
gineer, who knew something of medi-
cine, who used to put me up some cap-
sules filled with something or other.
They did me some good, but It was not
lasting.
"Thing 3 with me kept getting from
bad to worse, and the pains In my back
became unbearable, when my attention
was attracted to the advertisements of
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. I made up
my mind that I would give it a fair
test, and when I undertake to do any-
thing I generally carry it through. I
therefore resolved to take ten bottles,
and if no good effects resulted I would
discontinue using It. My faith In it
may be understood when I tell you that
I have used fourteen bottles, and I can
truthfully say that it has done me a
world of good, and I am a better man
to-day than I ever was in my life. I
feel fresh and vigorous, and ascribe it
entirely to my use of Dr. Kilmer'9
Swamp-Root. I began by taking It
three times a day, and now I take it
twice a day. I will reduce the dose to
one spoonful a day, and feel that it will
put me in such a condition that I may
soon stop the use of it altogether. I
will say, however, that I will alway3
have a bottle handy In case of neces-
sity, as I consider it to be better than a
hundred doctors all rolled into one.
"Put me down as indorsing the vir-
tues of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- Root In a
most emphatic manner, because It does
everything and more than claimed by
Its manufacturers."
TOOK SWAMP-ROOT
UNDER PROTEST
Found It Wonderfully Effica-
cious in Ptomaine Poison-
ing, Malaria and Stomach
Trouble.
Elbridge C. Hutchinson, who labors
at his arduous duties of pipemaker for
the Francis Smith Company, was seen
at his residence, 432 Seventh street, and
when the reporter asked for his opinion
of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root he began
to extol the remedy In the highest
terms.
"I may not be competent to Judge of
the merits of the Swamp-Root, because
I have been using x lt for a few days only,
but I am sure when you hear of tha
circumstances under which I com-
menced using it you will agree with me
that it is indeed a most wonderful
remedy.
"About four weeks ago I ate some
clams and was taken frightfully sick.
I called In the doctor and he pro-
A Sample Bottle of the Great Kidney Remedy Will be Sent Absolutely FREE to Every
Reader of "The Call" Who Writes for It.
'•Call" Reporters Have Convincing Interviews With Prominent People in San Francisco Regarding
i Wonderful Cures.
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
Curative Properties of . .;, .
- DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
CLARK RELIED ON
HIS GOLD TO WIN
More Light on Montana
Election.
• >
WITNESSES TALK OF COIN
HOW THE SENATOR JUSTIFIED
HIS COURSE.
Hemarked to a Salt Lake Legislator
That It Was Customary for
Rich Men to Buy Seats
in the Senate.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.-When the Sen
ate Committee on Privileges and Elec
tions b«-pan its session to-day in the case
of Senator Clark of Montana the defense
frtated that they had been unable to find
the letters written to Senator Clark and
liickford by the dentist, Ector, who yes
trrday produced their letters to him. It
was then decided to have C. W. Clark,
eon cf the Senator, make a statement as
to tho disposition of the documents, but
Clark being temporarily absent Gaxr was
recalled to afford Senator Turley an op
portunity to question him concerning his
visit to He'er.a prior to the meeting of the
Legislature last winter. Garr caM the
principal object of his visit was to see
about his resignation aa United States
Commissioner.
The rim regular witness of the day was
M. L. Hewitt, a miner, who was In Helena
curing the session of the legislature in
1K«. He said that "Charley" Clark had
oked him to pee Senator Myers and offer
him $1000 for his vote for Clark for Sena
ter. He had accordingly talked with My
ers and he testified that that gentleman
had told him. after first declining: the
proposition, to say to Clark that if he
were disposed to do so he could put $10,003
1:: the hands of Whiteside to be paid to
him (Myers) In case he should vote for
Ciark. Hewitt said that Clark's son said
that, this arrangement was satisfactory
and had afterward told him that the
money for Myers had been given to White
tide and that his vote was assured.
Hewitt said that during the Senatorial
c r.-est he had talked frequently with
Senator Clark. Or.cc he had remonstrated
with the Senator concerning Whiteside as
a well-known supporter of Daly, but the
Srr.ator had, he said, assured him that
Whiteside's fidelity was assured because
of the fact that he (.Whiteside). was in
trouble with the Clark opponents over a
building he was constructing inßutte. The
witness also said that he had seen the
Senator at his rooms at the Helena Hotel
a short time after the Whiteside exposure
and had asked him what he proposed to
do, when the Senator had replied:
"There is only one thing to do, and that
is to make the people believe that the
Daly pang has furnished the money and
I>ut up a conspiracy against Senator
Clark."
"I asked him." continued the witness,
••if he could make that stick, to which he
replied:
"There is no trouble about the deal,
because if we put up a good excuse the
people will believe us. and we can again
S<t the members together." "
The witness detailed a conversation
•which he said he had with Senator Clark
on the eve of the Investigation by the
Supreme Court, in which he told the Sen
ator that Tom Lyons, one of the Sena
tor's workers, had threatened to go to
court and testify against Clark, because
the latter's friends had not kept their
promise* to him. According to the wit
jif-p.v, tho Senator had then replied:
"I don't owe these (using an offen
sive phrase) anything. I have paid them
a!l they asked. I am under no obliga
tion to them, and I expect them to do as
they agreed to do by me."
Hewitt said, however, that Clark added
that he would have his son see Lyons,
lie said that Clark had often spoken to
him of his son and Wellcome. Blckford
Stecle and others as his friends in the
Senatorial fight. Wellcome and "Char
ley" Clark were regarded as the Senator's
special representatives.
On crocs-examination, Hewitt said he
v.-as a Republican and not especially in
terested In any of the Senatorial candi
dates. He had "just drifted Into the con
test." He pronounced as incorrect the
lvport of the testltmonv taken before the
J.< w:s and Clark County Grand Jury, fur
nished by the memorialists, and said he
had not told all the facts to the Jury. In
deed he had never told all to any one
until he had given the details to Birney.
one of the attorneys for the memorial
ists In "Washington, a few days ago.
Senator Faulkner's questions were de
voted to showing inconsistency on the
part of the witness in refusing to give
the details to Montana representatives of
the prosecution whom he knew and then
String them to Birney, whom he did not
know. He afked Hewitt whether Birney
had not promised to see that he was taken
oare of; but the witness repled emphat-
Icaly in the negative, adding that he had
"received nothing and no promise of any
thing from the anti-Clark people for his
I>art in this proceeding."
Under pressure, he said that when he
went before the Grand Jury he had de-
Fired not to reveal all his transactions
during the sitting of the Legislature. He
had only replied to questions asked him.
and he did not consider that he had per
jured himself in withholding some of the
farts. He had, however, made up his
mind to tell the whole truth here.
Concluding his testimony. Hewitt paid
he had received no pay for his services
for Clark and no promise of any. He has
b^en interested with the Senator in a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
|fi|yj^ PROTECTION
tO^w4n\W^ TF
"I am the mother of four children,"
writes Mrs. Euphemia Falconer, of
Trent, Muskegon Co., Mich. "My first
two babies were still-born, and I suffered
every thing but death. My friends all
thought I could never recover. I was
reduced to 109 pounds. When I was
three months along for my third child I
was taken with hemorrhage or flooding
and came sear having a miscarriage
from female weakness. For two months
I was under the care of our doctor, bat
was petting- weaker all the time until
one day I happened to come across one
of rour little books and I read it through,
and the next day I sent and got three
bottlts of ' Favorite Prescription ' and
on« bottle of ' Pellet*. ' I improved so
fast I continued to take your medicine
until baby was born, and he is healthy
and all rijthL My health has been good
ever since. I now weigh 165 pounds."
"Favorite Prescrip-
tion" makes Weak
Worn on Strong, and
Sick Women Well.
15I A cynic is a busybody who meddler in
the affairs of other people and neglects
his own,-
Our auction sale has been a phenomenal
opportunity for the purchaser, as the en-
tire Btock. comprising the finest diamonds,
jewelry and sterling; silver ever offered in
San Francisco, is sold to the highest bid-
der. King. Moss & Co.. Palace Hotel
block. Two eales daily, 10:30 a. m. and
2:30 p. in. Come and hear Brigga and
Dodd.
Says America. Provoked War.
UADIUD, Jar:. 12-— la the Eenate to
fiay, replying to the criticisms of the
GoVemaest's policy toward the T'r.lted
States durir.g the incumbency cf the
Saga^ta. Mir.iFtry. Senor Gullon. former
2£iru£ter of Foreign Affairs, declared that
the- note presented by General Woodford
demanded the pacification of Cuba within
» short period. Spain, he F2id. desired
The arbitration of the Pope, but un
fortanately the United States provoked
tb* war. Senor Gullon concluded by de
mardirg the good will of the Senate on
behalf cf the Sa^ana Ministry, which
faw Sr»&:n <sr2wn Ir.to a war for xrhich
ehe was unprepared.
CZAR THANKS HIS
FOREIGN MINISTER
Speaks of the Progress
of Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 13.— The Czar
has addressed a rescript to Count Mura
vieff, the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
highly eulogistic of the eminent qualities
displayed by the Mnister in bringing about
a happy eoluton in conformity with the
Cxar» instructions of the disquieting po
litical events arising from the Cretan in
surrection and the Turko-Grecian war.
thus showing true appreciation of the his
toric mission which has fallen to the lot
of Russia. After remarking that the in
troduction of an autonomous administra
tion In Crete ended the agitation which
had so long troubled the repose of th«
Turkish East, while the maintenance of
the most friendly relations with all the
powers shows the fruitful influence of
Russia's peaceful and continuous policy,
the rescript proceeds:
Appointed ruirdian of the most Important
Int«re3ts cf the State, you have co-operated,
while conforming exactly with the Indications
I gave you. in the realization of the traditional
tendency of Russia to obtain in the Far East
an lc«-free outlet to the sea. An agreement
arrived at with the Government If China rela
tive to the cession in L'sufrlet of the Hwang
Lung Peninsula, with Ports Arthur and Italmy,
while testifying to the reciprocal friendship
«nd confidence wiich exists between the two
great neighboring; empires, fulfills the evident
necessities of Russia, as a maritime power, and
will create in the Pacific a new center for the
commercial and industrial enterprise* of the
entire world. The negotiation* vubzequently
undertaken under my direction with the British
and Jai>»ne*e Governments led to the conclu
sion of partial understandings, which, by re
moving any reason for mteunderstanclings In
the rolltical domain, enable Russia to devote
her strength to the progressive development
of the prosperity of her possessions In the Far
East.
I feel r*rtlcnlar satisfaction in recording
among the eervlces you have rendered the ef
forts and care you have consecrated to the ful
fillment Of tny inmost desire to assure to all
peoples the benefits of real and durable peace.
The results of the late conference at The Hague
give me steadfast confidence that the solid
bases have been e«tablishd for the realisation
of alms fo dear to my heart. AH the powers
having recognUe6 the possibility and necessity
of generally settling this question. I recall with
real pleasure your eminently useful labors and
<!evctlcn to the throne, ani I particularly ap
preciate the aroi*tance you have rendered In
Increasing the prestige of Russia by your bril
liant execution of my directions and views,
with the object of securing a pacific settlement
of the complex problems of external policy.
' I regard It. therefore, as an agreeable duty to
express to you my cordial gratitude, aod 1 re
rail n ever your invariably well disposed and
sincerely grateful NICHOLAS.
In connection with the Russian New-
Year honors the- Gazette this morning an
nounces the establishment of a State De
partment of Trade. Art and Commerce,
with the view of spreading education
among the people and promoting national
production.
Privy Councillor Kachanoff was gazet
ted chief of the new department this aft
ernoon, but now comes the announcement
that he died suddenly last night.
Football Elevens to Meet.
The young football players seem loth
to close the season. A game will be played
this afternoon on the Sixteenth and Fol
som street grounds, commencing at 2
o'clock. The second eleven of Company H,
League of the Cross Cadets, will meet the'
Brooklyns. The teams will line up:
Co. 11. Positions. Brooklyns.
Gurity Center Moenne
Dinenne Left guard Beror
Casey Right guard Hurley
Rleley Left tackle O'Leary
O" Connor Right tackle Nlcklet
A hem Left end Stewart
£ w , lr 'B Riiyht end Anderson
P, aI >'-- Quarter Banner (capt.)
McStocker (capt.). ..Left half.... Stewart
Donaldson Right half Nolta
Beasley Fullback Alexander
HADDON HALL'S
UNLUCKY CRUISE
Lost Five Men Since
Leaving Home.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or.. Jan. 13.— The British
bark Haddon Hall, which arrived in port
last evening from Panama, reports the
loss of five of her men since leaving her
home port. The death of the men is par
ticularly sad. because of the fact that all
came from the same town and shipped at
the same time. The Haddon Hall is what
is known as a "family ship." the captain
and crew all coming in from Carnavon.
Wales
The vessel left home two years ago and
the first death among her men occurred
while she was passing through the small
Inlands north of Australia. These islands
are inhabited by some of the most fero
cious cannibals and the rumor was cur
rent that several vessels had been at
tacked by the natives, who were said to
have captured the entire crew of one ship.
Captain Pritchard of the Haddon Hall de
termined to prepare for any attack which
might be made and all the men were pro
vided with firearms. The expected attack
did not take place, however, but one of
the apprentices, while handling a revol
ver, shot another through the head, kill
ing him instantly. The shooting was ac
cidental and the young man who killed
his friend was almost crazed with grief.
Then the Haddon Hall went to Panama.
At the isthmian port yellow fever broke
out among the crew, and soon three of
the apprentices succumbed to the scourge.
Others were taken ill. but recovered.
The last death occurred off the mouth
of the Columbia yesterday. During a
heavy fog. the vessel got in too close to
shore, and for a while It was feared she
would be wrecked. The wind was blow
ing a gale, and it became necessary to
shorten sail. While aloft. Robert Grif
fiths, another apprentice, fell frora the
foretopsail yard. Lines were thrown to
mm. out ne remamea immovaDie on tn>
surface of the water, apparently stunnexJ
First Officer Jones oraend a boat low
ered. against the wishes of Captaii
Prttchard. who regarded such action a;
certain death for the rn^n who under
took the rescue. The boat was soon l--s
si?ht of in th<» heavy seas, nor did .«h
put in an appearance for five hours
When she finally ijot bacK to the ves^e
•she was swamped and h^r men near!:
dead from exposure. No trace of th
missing apprentice had >ren found.
The Penny Magazine Cram Test No. 9
THE 10 LONGEST WORDS
Who Can Get Them Out?
S3OQOO in 101 Cash Prizes,
Tak!s; only that part cf this aJvrrtise-
ment that Is printed within the wavy Unej.
who c«a make up the ton longest wcrrU.
from the letters in the tw» sentences with-
in tbese wavy lines? No letter can Ua
used oftener than It appears In the twj
sentences.
Here Is a haiX-hcur's prcatalite educattana
work. The fir«t prire is V2OO. and then th-r
are ONE HUNDRED ONE-DOLLAR PRIZE 3
The first vrizs will be paid to the person w'^o
using only the letters that appear in the w:ri
within the wavy ll=»s above, mokes uo witl
these letters the t»n longest words. Only Ens
lish words, net proper name». will be allowed
The cth?r cne hundred prizes, of cne dolla
each, will be awarded to the one hundred rr < ">
pte who ccire nearest to the winner In len^tl
cf mete The winner will be the cne WtsM
tea Words have the greatest number of letter
all told. It 13 hardly rc»;t!e that — . -- thai
cr.e rer^on can win the first rrlse: but. a
course, if it proves that mere than cne persci
doe* w!n it. then it will be dtrtdad. la cr'le
to enter this contest ev»ryNv?v mu«t sen.; i
rear's subscription M Th? PENNY MAGA,
ZINT: with their answer. THE PENNY MAO
AZINE co»t» bur Zj cents a year. an«l for thS'
Brr.all sum it Is edited, illustrated, printed
tound and delivered every acnth for tw?:n
successive months. Th'.s contest ¦will elo«
Arril 13th. fc::t answers will be accented a
once, and coraretitors can ser.d as man;
answers a* they please, provide I they send i
subfcrlsticn with each cne. Certainly yovt
<-hanc* is go.>T for one cf the 1"<1 r~'z^«
Inclu.lingr that first prize cf XX). Adiress Cc=j
retltive Efllter.
Tin T»ary Kigniae, 553 D y.-a BlifS. SiwTark Ci*:
COKE! COKE!
P. a. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer md Shlr>!>er cf Ccka.
OFFICE. HZ FOLSOM ST.
MRS. BERT KILET.
It has remained for a Cincinnati woman to
discover the secret of a perfect skin, che has
at last found the key to feminine beauty. All
the sighs and heartaches over a poor appear-
ance may now be banished, for It Is within the
means of every lady, youne cr middle-aged, to
have the clearest and most reflr.ed complexion
so dear to a woman's heart. And what Is still
more pleading and convincing Mme. M. Ribault
who discovered this «rreat secret »ends free to
every woman who writes a sufficient quantity
of the • beautlfier to show her how easy It is
to attain beauty when you know the simple
truth and the right remedies. Mrs. Bert Kiley,
103 Ward aye.. Eellevue, -Ky.. obtained a fr<»*
trial of Mme. Ribault and this is what she
«ays of it: "I am perfectly delighted with the
result. My complexion from the time t was a
little girl was always a MBiM of vexation ar.<
as I grew jn yeers these horrid pimples, black-
heads and other blemishes set worse and worse
When I became- i younc lad" lr. long dresses
lycran tO thir.Jc ci b<»aux and parties, there vst
cany a b;tt?r dlgap^otntment for me all b#
cause of my horrid, freciile.l r. I ur." z~ ' :
skin. The- past few years have yeea wonder.n
char.gr»s and al! <^rs account cf 2kl:n». Ribauit'i
complexion beauiilier. I have a. t*autiful horn«
and my husband r.^ver falls u> remark ay.a v . a
my clear and cha!rr.!r;< ccmrlexion. Evtry lad;
ouefct to send at once ar.d get a fr>?-e trial. "
Writs- to Ite. M. Ribau:t. 137 E!sa buildla-c
Circir.natl. Ohio, and sh» will mall free, pre-
paid. In i>. plain sealed wrapper a fre* .-...-¦¦
ot her ¦wor.derful beautJSers. aal you wilj al-
ways bless the day you wrots. Do not fall U
write to-(lay.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
An old physician, retired from practlc*. had
placed In his hand* by an East India mission
ary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
for the epe<^y and permanent cure of Con
eumpUon, Bronchitis, Catarrh. AMhina *nd all
Throat and Lung Affections; also a positive
and radical cure for Nervous Debility and all
Nervous Complaints. Having tested its won
derful curative powers in thousands of cases,
and desiring to relieve human suffering, I will
send free of charge to all who wish It, this
recipe, in German, French or English, with full
directions for preparing and using. Sent by
mall by addressing, with stamp, naming this
paper. W. A. Noyes, £20 Powers" Block. Roch
ester. N. T.
Gaelic Football Revived.
Gaelic football is being revived in this
city. An exciting practice game was
played in Golden Gate Park last Sunday
Another game will be played this after
noon on the park recreation ground at 2
o'clock. t .-— r ¦
Stelzner May Box Kennedy.
A boxing bout between Jack Stelzner
and Joe Kennedy is in prospect. George
Harding, representing Stelzner. has pre
pared a set of articles for the men and
they will meet to discuss them to-morrow.
The men met once before and Kennedy
gained the decision. Stelzner was not sat
isfied with the outcome and desires an
other meeting. At that time he weighed
172 pounds, while now the scales indicate
a weight of 195 pounds.
The next boxing tournament of the Co
lumbia Athletic Club will be held on the
26th Inst. The principal bout will be be
tween Jack Dean and Charles Johnson at
135 pounds. The preliminaries will be
Henri- Lewis vs. Jack Hall: Charles Frost
vs. * f Kid" Finnerty, and Phil Boker vs.
Jack Carr. The latter are a pair of heavy
weights. *
For lilore Sports See Page 28.
My Free Trial Treatments
Are arresting* widespread attention. Throngs of sufferers besiege the offices to avail 1 J^xgiili
themselves of this offer. To those calling upon me I give a trial treatment free by my / "^* llilsii
new Static Battery. These treatments are practical proof of the curative power of my \ fy -^ffi^M
Improved Belt, which is hailed as the greatest blessing in the medical world. It is th 9 l v /«|li
most modern form of applying the restorative current, is easy to use and thorough in its VC^
results. Written evidence of the astonishing cures lam thus making pours in every day. \ \
One of the most striking cases is the following: ' \i I / "^i^iP^i^ '*^
t* *$ Electricity is the grandest \vMf /SJo§iisoa r tJI
NERVOUS DERANGEMENT. T remedy of the age, for it restores <^^£^^^^m
"I suffered severely from irregular action of the heart and poor cir- l}f fl f orr » ft an d n nrP c ri?c Pnc o M,r
culation, which caused sleeplessness and shocks on the brain. I treated Xll ° lort ' 0 unacures UlSease. flly ---r^vOtf^CS^p^^^^J
with thrre physicians, one of whom said he could not cure me. I way of USinEf tl's DOWer. as each -v--*^^^^^// H A&kISsSBL
feared I should go insane from my sufferings." J & ¦ r«"w,os \3a.\,u - ..^OiXBSSJ
Such vas the condition of a man who. January 6th. states that my CaSG needs, appeals tO yOUP intel- ' /^S^M^^>f^^^oK
Belt cured him. restored him to full health and gave him an appetite lig-ence and reason. The Current //lisi V^ / V^tSli^
.[/•like a buzz saw." His address is Mr. Noble Conger. Klrkland. Ariz.l "5 C"C "^ C *"" icttsuu. IHB Current rX/fr X /f \^A \ , i ]! A^*^^ ¥**4
U — — *i blends with your magnetism, aids / O >V*'* \ lixV
the bodily functions, gives you strength and casts out disease. It keeps up a persistent '' \. \ ''/ \
glow through the blood vessels, prevents shrinkage of the muscular coats of the arteries, \ ' feoi0 x \>^l^^
feeds the cells and tissues with new force and by this nutrifying power builds up muscle. / K§zk \ V
You need no plaster, lotion or physic. My method absolutely cures your rheumatism, ' S^M\
kidneys, backache, nervous weakness or congestion. Try this remedy and you will lose your » Quaial
pain and recover strength. Call and take a trial treatment or send for illustrated book free.
F>R MAMd AI IftHl IN 7 ° 2 Mar iJS^i t V ? orner Kea^ R y» «an Francisco, and
LJW\m 1T1« Jh\m ITl^Ll/^L^JVIIII-All^lf ' nm -fc ¦ Barfidc Block, Corner Spring acd Second Streets, Loi Aujrelu.
•¦•¦-•••'¦•¦-•¦--¦* Offlco hour»-8 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.: Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SOLD i$ drug STORED
Hotel Nymphia Raids.
The inmates of the Hotel Nymphla, ar
rested Wednesday night on charges of
vagrancy, again appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday, and by consent the
cases were continued till Tuesday. Their
attorney asked that they be not compelled
to appear in court, but the Judge would
not consent. In Judge Fritz's court the
seven inmates arrested Friday night ap
peared and their cases were by consent
continued till Tuesday.
Hiding Her Identity.
The attention of Secretary Parnell of
the Society for the Prevention cf Cruelty
to Children has been called to a peculiar
case at 1133 Howard street, where Martin
Rainey and wife keep a lodging-house.
According to Ralney's statement, a young
woman engaged a room in his house last
Monday, and' late at night she became a
mother. Mrs. Rainey did all she could for
the unfortunate young woman, who ap
peared to be refined and well bred. So far
the Raineys have not been able to learn
their lodger's name. The latter said she
expected a woman to call for her, but so
far no one has appeared.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail Prepaid and Sealed in
Plain Wrapper to All Who Send Name and Address
ROSE'S FOUL RIDING.
New Orleans Stewards Suspend the
Jockey for Thirty Days.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 13.— Pancharm
was the only winning favorite to-day. The
third race was marred by Rose's foul rid
ing, which disqualified his mount, Eli
dorpha. and resulted in his suspension for
thtrty days. Elidorpha had all the worst
of the start— was practically left at the
post. In fact— and had run into the lead
before they reached the three-Quarters.
Pancharm drew up in the stretch and the
two fought it out. Elidorpha crowding
Pancharm dangerously close to th© fence
in the last sixteenth.
The reviewing stewards, after a full in
vestigation of the Virgie O case, have rec
ommended that the entry of the mare be
refused for the remainder of the meeting,
and that the suspension of the trainer
continue indefinitely. The entries of the
horses Murat and Colonel Frank Waters
will be refused when the track is bad.
Weather tine; track good. Results:
Selling, one mile— Murat won. Sun God sec
ond. Colonel Frank Waters third. Time 1:44
Handicap, one mile and a sixteenth— Senor
Fitihugh won. Sam Fullen eecond, Florizar
third. Time. 1:50.
Selllnr. one mile and a half— Pancharm won.
Elidorpha finished second, but was disquali
fied; False Lead second, ilonongah third.
Time. 2:39.
The Oentilly handicap, six and a half fur
longs—Andes won. Belle of Memphis second.
Dr. Vaughan third. Time, 1:21)4.
Selling, one mile— Can I See ; Em won. Little
Billy second. Belle Ward third. Time, 1:41%-.
Selling, one mile— Jimp won. Village Pride
second. The Sluggard third. Time, 1:43.
GOOD ONES
PICKED BY
THE TALENT
Favorites Show in Front at
Union Coursing
Park. *
With five exceptions, the talent held
sway at Union Coursing Park yesterday.
It was a day for favorites and the lor.£
end dogs won the money without much
work.
R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo put* Rusty
Gold out of the running with the odds
6 to 1 against him. The last course of
the day, between Beauty Spot and Sle«ty
Mist, was won by the former selling »t
1 to 4. Magneto won from Chief of the
Hill and lowa Maid from Ever bhon?. the
losers being the favorites at 6 to S. Auck
land also took the favorite Gladiator »
measure at 1 to 3. . . ¦
Nothing of the sensational marked the
courses, the longest and best of the uay
being between Narcissus and Lottie M,
Crawford Braes and Wanda and Rona
and Nellie B.
The results of the rundown in the open
stake are:
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Air« beat Curtis
& Son's Vanity Fair; J. Kennedy's Night Tica«
beat Murphy & Toland's Ornament; J. Byrnea
Battleship beat J. H. W. Muilers Mocortta;
James Sherldar.'s Forest Queen beat H. H.
Gray's Terronette; Curtis fe Son's Cash beat
R. E. de B. Lopeis Wonder: M. London's
Magneto beat S. Mahoney's Chief ot the Hill;
Maher & Reid s Nellie Bawn beat Paiha Ken
nels' May Hemrstead; James Iran's Mialrao
beat Pasha Kennels' Miller's Rabble; Curtis *t
Son's Narcissus beat H. Lynch's Lottie M: P.
J. Reilly's Warship beat W. Cairns' Imperial:
Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer beat W. Creamer" s
Jes»« Moore; J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste beat
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured; P. J. Kel'.ly's
Ploughboi beat W. F. Hobbs' Mercy May; J.
Carroll's Auckland beat J. Dean's Glad:ater;
Pasha Kennels' Reannex beat Maher & Reid's
Singleton; H. A. Deckelman's Old Glory beat
J. M. Halton'a Tie Tac; Kay & Tram's Hawker
beat C. L. Applebys Clara B; Erwin & Lyon'a
May Queen beat JX J. Healy's Maggie N; E.
M. Keilcgg's lowa Maid beat J. Kennedy's
Ever Sbore; H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Wania; Curtis &
Bon'« Cavalier beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Mfnne
wawa; E. M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma beat
Aer.eid Kennels' Athena; H. H. Gray's Ron*
teat J. Byrnes' Nellie B: Russell. Allen * Wil
son's Julius Caesar beat J. Byrnes' Olympus;
R E. de B. Leper's Diablo beat Sterl &
Knowles' Ruety Gold; R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara
beat Maher & Reids Uncle Fuller; J. Hurley's
O X Capitol beat Pasha Kennels' Sylvia; Curtis
& Sen's Commodore beatjE. H. Farmer's Moon
stone: Russell, Allen & Wilsons Belle Claire
beat F. C. Macks Delia M; Erwin & Lyon's
Silver Lion teat G. J. Panarlo'e High Fly?r;
Gus Abtrcroiriie's R-vrk Island Boy beat Jeff
Martenefs Bill Foster: Gecrge Whitney's
Theron beat Curtis & Sen's McKlnley; F. A.
McComb's One Spot beat W. Creamer's Report;
T. J. Crcr.in'a Thornhill beat P. J. Reilly's
Grafter; Paaha Kennel's Royal Ann* b»at J.
Murnane's WlMwood: Ruesell. Allen & Wilson's
Master Clair beat Ke!!y & Hanley's Baby King;
D. J. Healy's Grenada beat Aeneid Kennels'
Pretender: Jaires Sheridan's Forest King beat
D. E. "Wiley's May Girl; J. Dickson's Black
Bess beat Curtis & Sen's Echo: H. A. Deckel
man's Snapshot beat C. L. Appleby's Little Sis
ter; Maher & Reid's Pat Reilly beat R. W.
Rike's Nancy R; H. Lynch's Mystic Maid ran
a bye with Rest ABsured, Hurricane being with
drawn: Curtia & Son's Luxor beat T. J. Cro
nln's Depend On Me; R. L. Taylor's Beauty
Spot beat Sterl A Kcowles" Slfety Mist.
INGLESIDE COURSING
Two stakes were run yesterday at Ing
leside ¦ Coursing Park— the Open stake
with 64 entries and the Puppy stake of
40 dogs, the latter stake being run down
twice.
The day's results follow
Puppy stake— J. McNeill's Capt. Byrnes beat
George Breuhn'a MonogTam, 18-7; J. R. Marti
net's Berr.al Boy beat G. Lahusen's Fire Fly.
3-2; I. H. Frank's Glen Anne beat Charles i".
Brown's Busybody, S-S; J. Moriarity's Snapiwr
Garrison beat W. H. Jones' St. Valentine, 2;-4;
J. P. Thrift's Tar o' Hill beat A. J. Kemp's Re
member Me. 11-2; George Plnto's Mischief lc*at
W. H. Jones' St. Ives, 6-3; J. Moriarity's
Jimmie Anthony beat W. H. Jones' Anaie
Lawrence, 3-2; J. B. Martinet's Buxtcn beat W.
Barry's Bella Mack, 12-9; J. Watklns" Mercltul
beat J. t>san'« Peggy. 9-4; J. Dean's Glide beat
J. P. Thirffa Thoughtless Beauty. 12-8; J. I.
O'Brien's Pasha Queen beat Joe Watkins' Mer
ciless, 16-3; Connell Bros.' Dunmore beat George
Pinto's Glad Hand, 10-7; Connell Bros." Green
Isle beat G. Frederickson's Miss Fireball, 4-2;
E. Geary's Palo Alto beat John Farley's Pat
riot, s_-2: F. Pring'e Thunderbolt beat J. Flow
er's Keystone, 13-9; George Beuhn's Aloha beat
W. C. Glasson's Curiosity. 7-4; W. C. Glasson'a
Sleigh B«lls beat Connell Bros.' Good Bye,
14-2; J. P. Thirft's Tired Out beat T. Farming' s
Royal Cliff. 14-10; Concell Bros." Clover beat J.
Martinet's Sally Brass, 15-5; F. Patterson'a
Fire Queen beat J. Halloway's Brian Boru,
First tie— Berr.al Boy beat Capt. Byrnes. 6-2:
Glen Anne a bye; Tar o' Hill beat Mischief,
15-6; Jimmie Anthony beat Buxton. 8-6- ilerci-
Xul beat Glide. 14-9; Pasha Queen beat Dun
more U-k; Palo Alto beat Green Isle 16-8-
Sleigh Bells beat Thunderbolt. 5-0; Aloha beat
Tired Out. 2S-5; Clover b»at Fire Queen, 12-0.
Open stake— Battels Bros." Border's Best beat
D. Tolands Pleasant Girl. 3-0: Captain Kane's
Greenhall beat A. Van dea Burghs American
Eagle, 4-2; J. R. Smiths Jennie Wilson beat
T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott, 7-5; J I.
O'Brien's Statesman beat J. Keenan'n Royal
Oak, 11-7; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Miss Pen
man beat D. Ford's Bonlta, 7-6; Lowe &
Thomson's Prince Hal beat J. P. Thrift's
Forgive. 19-1; J. Holden's Scottish Chief beat
Lowe &. Thompson's King's Borderer 10-7* J
H. Perigo's Controller beat T. F. Logan's Leah
15-«: Bartels Brow." Ben's Babe beat P. Rellly'g
Expense. 10-5; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence
beat J. R. Smith's Petronius, 15-7; T Logan's
Miss Grizzle beat P. Reilly's Richmond Que»n.
13-S; F. McComb's Motto beat H. Lynch's Loi
terer. «-4; Joe Thrift's St. Michael beat F Mc-
Comb's Little Jcker. 33-7; F. Moran's False
Flatterer beat J. Keenan's Blacklock. 4-0- Con
nell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant beat A. Van den
Burgh'n Naughty Girl. 6-0; H. Lynch's Lexing
ton beat P. McCabe's Boney Boy 6-0- P Mc-
Cabe's Sky Blue beat D. Toland's Twilight Jr
9-y. T. J. Cronin'B Wild Tralee beat Captain
Kane s Mira JJonta. 3-0; Russell. Allen & Wll
fon's Charmlnr Belle beat Joe Perry's Com
modcra Nash. 18-7; A. Johnson's Bald Kacle
beat T. J. Cronln's Rose of Trale*. 12-10- E M
Kellocs's Lady Gilmore beat James 'Dean's
Comrade. 12-1: J. H. PeHgo'e Pretty Girl beat
J. R. Smith's Magic, 19-7: Connell Bros " Senor
ita beat Bartels Bros.' Ballroom Belle 6U-2-
M. Michalek's Glenroy beat L&rkey & Rock's
Van N>»da. 6-0: H. A. Deckelmao's Glen Chlo
beat W. Barry's Finn McCool. S5-7; W. cT
Glasson's Terrona beat F. Moran's Bit of
Fashion, «-l; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat P
Rellly'a Lady Granite. 6-0: J. I. O'Brien's Wan
d»ring Tom beat Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell
J-l: M. Michalek's Joker beat J. Eeggerson's Gold
Hill. C-4; M. B. Kavanash's Hard Lines beat
R. E- de B. Lopez's McGrerw. «-4; Russell
Allen & Wilson's Rosle Claire beat W. C Glas
son's Terronlte. 28-7: P. M. Clarkson's Black
Hawk beat E. M. Kellers'* Hummer, 3-0.
GOLF CRACKS
COMPETE AT
ADAMS POINT
Rawlins Gains a Slight Lead
on tin First Eighteen
Holes.
The first professional golf tournament
ever held in California began yesterday
on the Oakland Club's links. The six con
testants were drawn In pairs as follows:
David Stephenson, San Francisco Golf
Club, and T. W. Tetley, San Rafael Golf
Club; James Melville of Del Monte and
Alexander Smith of Coronado; Willie An
derson and H. Rawlins, both of the Oak
land Golf Club. Though hole play would
have been more Interesting and a fairer
test of the merits of the competitors, it
would have required longer time, so it
was decided the tournament should be
over 36 holes, stroke play.
All the contestants, except T. W. Tet
ley had been around the course several
times previously, Rawllns and Anderson
being the regular instructors of the Oak
land Club, and Melville having been a
professional on- those links. Stephenson
has puld several visits to Adams Point
and "Sandy" Smith came up from the
south two or three days ago, so as to
familiarize himself to some extent with
the course. Tetley was also handicapped
by the fact that he has just recovered
from a serious spell of illness, and played
more from a sporting desire not to with
draw from a contest he had entered than
for any other reason. A gallery of forty
or flfty people followed Rawlins and An
derson around the course, and several ac
companied Melville and Alec Smith. The
course was heavy and in places extremely
muddy, as the chocs and white skirts of
many fair enthusiasts who went around
from green to green testified. Almost all
the competitors were plainly nervous at
being called on to perform in the pres
ence of so many spectators, but Stephen
son was particularly so.
Rawllns made the best round of the
day— the first nine holes in 87; and though
in the second round he fell off consider
ably, taking 47 strokes for the nine holes,
his total of 84 was the lowest. Next came
Smith with S6. Melville with SS. Ander
son with S9. Stephenson with 91 and Tet
ley with 115. Tetley got badly bunkered
at the eighth hole, taking twelve strokes
for it. H. Rawllns played the best all
around game, and Stephenson did well in
all respects except In putting. Anderson
was not in his best form, though his sec
ond round was somewhat better tnan his
first. Melville drove, approached and
putted in good style. Had Alec Smith's
llrst round been as good as his second
the total would have placed him at the
head of the list.
In front of the eighth green was a lit
tle lake, about 30 feet long by 10 feet wide,
of what golfers call "casual water," the
result of the recent heavy rains. Raw
lins' ball on the second round fell right
into this, so that he had to wade in and
play it as it floated, succeeding in reach
ing the green in two. Smith made the
last hele of the second round in two
strokes. The number of strokes for each
hole Is shown below:
D. Stephenson —
Out 5 5 5 7 6 4 5 5 4-45
In 5 5 8 5 4 4 5 6 6 — 4S— 91
T. W. Tetley—
Out « S « 6 4 5 9 6 4—54
In 7 6 7 7 5 5 8 12 4-61—115
J. Melville—
Out 6 5 5 6 S 4 4 5 3—43
In 5 6 6 5 5 3 S 4 4— 4S— BS
A. Smith—
Out S 6 S 4 4 6 5 6 6— 43
In 6 6 5 4 6 4 4 S 2— 41— 86
H Kawllna—
Out S S 5 4 4 3 5 4 4— «7
In 4 4 9 4 5 4(7 4— 47— 54
W. Anderson —
Out 7 5 6 4 S 3 6 6 J— <S
In 4 5 5 6 4 4 6 5 6—43—89
The second eighteen holes will be
played to-day, beginning at 10:30. The
tournament Is In charge of a greens com
mlttee, consisting of P. E. Bowles, W. P.
Johnson and F. S. Stratton. The official
scorers are as follows: G. S. Wheaton for
\V. Anderson. E. J. McCutchen for Al
exander Smith, G. D. Greenwood for J.
Melville. H. H. Smith for D. Stephenson.
H. H. Sherwood for T. W. Tetley and G.
P. Gow for H. Rawllns. As only seven
strokes separate the five leaders, it is
anybody's match yef. with the odds
slightly on Horace Rawllns and Alec
Smith. The course has a distance of 2943
yards, or a little more than three and
one-third miies for the eighteen holes.
The golf played to-day may fairly be ex
pected to surpass that of yesterday, as
the competitors will have gained a knowl
edge of each other and of the course, and
all will be on their mettle.
SPORTING ENENTS
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
NOTED SIRES
REPRESENTED
IN A STAKE
Progeny of Gt^^t Race Horses
Which May Start at
$Mte Fair.
n^tWVotiiKv tW IW9 h»>« felOi^d "»d K>vea
pr\^mt!*ii> kit t*i!\s & InHUUvhi ovrut. The
pr\>««y- %\t mrtuy notevl pttUUons ure cli
*;VJ«v TUp >tv^» (\\\y\ tht> nwni'i-s who nora-
M**not «iv» }i«kM !*•»>. |ttirl(nK«mt Stock
FVirtn; \\> M U«-\, «>*««!«¦ .^f Jam<>« «. F»!r:
Kliarsv IT. H, Jv\ kt«W«Ui t«U>. Kenpy and
«H!l*w O'JV Oh^rW K««rr; Altamux »nd
M^uni M»-i?iTK\* J» tt r«» * \v*trrhou»«; Xl Uto
K»y *a 4 Key M S>#n-»*. Ttt«<H»oi«> Winters;
Vftv-1* J»»», \\\ U'i'cs; $At»>ui>». H. C. How
*M: Ore>*v*«iuU\ Jy J»\ J^arK*; litU'- Ormonde,
st, O»rJj>, O^int »n>l O«ary, \V, CVU. Mac
d^a*««^> t«uv ««1« % tuuv tVul Shot and Ual
«v>«*Ji. »> e.-hr*tb«>r: Uuiturt. Kulnart Ptoi-lc
F*rtn: ts«?. ArttUvry. ttU#>\ l>ue»t. Vnwil «nd
L*w W>tr, X, Cmlßn; Amts\>. R«y El Santa
AnJta«. fjr.ussi. and Kmj'#r«r Norfolk. EX J.
B«M«ia; lv<»n, a, Sy»i«ld»; Klnff WllHam II
anJ Y«nk»« L\xvJl», Murnv>- A barker; Thorn
ktU, WtltUm 2U. M\irr»i-; Cyclone. B. F*.
O»rr«: I4b<>rtln« J. O. Browo: Bright Phoebus.
Waller S. il.**i; Ororc* P. Smith, E. F.
Smith: Parj'Marvo, MlUer .t n:»*<»r; imp. Tr*n.
toJ*. Thutnas O, Jorx»; Jmi>, t'rlKhton. Eolo.
imp> Th« Judc«. I'wryear D, R*velston. Trap
r*an and Genera) Miles. A. B. 3pr*ckeU:
Wernberc. 1^ A. ItUstrunuu*: Homer. Ira
Ran:svl*|; iwii\ True- Briton. It. D. Ledeett;
imp. Friar Tuck, Thoma» Boyle: Imp. Brutus,
C, T. Bcvts; trsip. Midlothian. 15r>n All. Torso,
Spurntveil and lirlar HUI. John M&ckey; Oin
lUcmas,. Imp. Puneoml^. lm;». Juvenal, Salva
tor. imo. L^art-bln. Imp. Golden Garter. Imp.
Order. Imp. St. Andrew Imp. Star Ruby, Bas
setiair, Mnx*lk\ Sir Modr«d, Imp. Gold Finch
and Imp. St. Gatien, Hancho del Paso: Moreno,
I\ S. Cone; Cloero and E Z. Rayo, M. F. Tar
pey; Indlo, E. Corrlcan.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, .TANUAHY 14, 1000.
ADVEP.rcSEMENTS^
Remarkable Discovery Whereby Every Lady
May Now Attain the Perfect
Bloom of Youth.
Warm
Lungs
Common sense is the best
safeguard against illness.
Next comes simple, harm-
less remedies to assist weak-
ened nature throw off the
influence of lurking disease.
Keep lungs warm and there
is little danger of catching
cold.
Men's Chamois Vests, $2, S3. 50
Women's •* Vests, $2.25, $2.75
The Owl's Chest and Long
Protector — Made ot best
quality red felt, buttons oa
left shoulder, hang about neck
over chest. coc
Large size, made similar to
above, but cover more of form
and strtp about waist 75c
Manhattan Chest and Long
Protectors — Made of very
bes: and softest chamois,
lined with red ; button* on
one side. ycr
Hertford Hot W*ter Bottles.
Good to keep you warm at
right. Best quality rubber — -
I Two-quart size, 75 eenti
Three-quart size, 85 cents
Four-quart size, §i.oo
Fre» <^.'!vrry to railroad points wlthh>
too mUts vx oritr% of $« or up.
fS ?t? t C RAre t> w cCtsl^v
1128 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO
10th ano BROADWAY. Oakland
¦ THE WONDERFUL JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE!
C The marvelous ofierir.^s during the past two weeks of Our January
H Clearance Sale have been so liberally responded to by our many patrons
g that we have been inspired to still greater efforts for the cominß week.
[2 In every department we have made price concessions so very low that
q they cannot fail to attract the tasteful as well as the economical buyer.
H I\\UTCH\BLE VALL'ES IN BLACK AND A CLEA*-LP OF
8 COLOR^ BLACK SILKS
E5 DRESS GOOOS. jOf-the highest order for less than
S BlaCk 44 - inch All - Wool ; P resent cost of manufacture.
3 r>«_ • -. Serge, a splendid wear-: R| a rk Pe3U A su ? crior q 'i a '*
B CheVlOt ing Quality, already:*? l^ 11 . redU ity, of a very fine
H C orrio sponged and shnink.de SOIC b i ac^ finlsh '
B oerqe. Regular price ca.; Regular Q- p
¦ S=;c *=a!e price Yard OvJCjvalue $1.25. Sale price. Yard «¦**-»*'
I Black Camels' $™» *» ißlack Satin j^gfElSi;
g Hair Cheviot, g* . n . ™f --?
g extra heavy, the Rranden material £«*» **»*- R^ar value CMC
g imaginable for a serviceable drift. $'-50. Sale pnce \ard
B Regular value $2.00. Sale t| ~f\ R\acii 20-inch Black Taffeta
S price Yard 01.3U, Dldl ' X Silk, beautifully dyed
¦ FnillP '50 Pieces New Foulejaffeta. f** finish | d : vc ? ""
1 I*7 .7 Plaid Dress Goods, the . l»"e. Sale
3 Plaids,
S coney, only the prettiest color com- nificent quality, of a brilliant
B binatibns are included in this O7r^ a .Regular value Si.io. g- Q
5 let; a 50c plaid for.... Yard X/C Sale pnce \ard vj^c
3 -.. , . •«, , . 1 OUR GREAT CLEAN-UP OF
g Silk and Wool £ fancy SILKS.
H DreSS GoOdS* Drc£S Goody We make the enormous cut be-
B which in- cause every yard must be disposed of
¦ dudes the most desirable styles that regardless of cost. Our strict rule
B have been selling: at $1.23. $1.00 and does not permit us ro carry Fancy
£• 75c a yard. To dose them. ea. Silks over from one season to
g your choice Yard Ju^ another.
0 \\ f ranr\t*r^ Ladies' Wrappers. FonlarHc • All Silk. In new
0 "rappers. of a ?oodl rouiaras. Blue ud V ioiet
H quality f.asnelette, in pretty strides.; grounds, in very pretty patterns.
g with a deep Spanish flounce, nicely] Regular value 75c. Sale Cf|/»
3 braided, extra width and leneth. price Yard J "^
H well worth $2.00. Sale ci AtZ\ Broken lines in Corded. Checked
g price Each Ji and Figured Taffeta Silks that were
£ Wnnl *nr\ Delay no selHng at 75c and $1.00 Sale qg
B UOOI ana loneer if pnce \ard <J^y~
¦ Aloorn U/a!ctc you have! * Broken lines in Brocades, two-
B AlpaCa YVaiStS. >° v JJ t etoßede t0Red Corded Taffeta and orettv fi*-
B chased already. Every Flannel and - rc /Jaff eta formerly sold at $roo
B Alpaca Waist must be closed out $ I2 5- Sale price. ..... gy c
Vote the extra low quotations. Ouri * ar<l
¦ b.50 waists for $1.95. our s.vso CALIFORNIA BLANKETS AT
" $?^ r stflo 99 r 5 :. an . d . OU ' $3,951 53.65. *ORTH 55.
5 Rlarl/ Qiltr iinrl The re- ur Jast w e et ' s offering of White
j DIuCK oIIH uIIU o f Blankets was unusually large; hun-
" Satin Waists. °" r dred !* cf th f m wer ILsold1 L soId - Th . c l e '
Q oaim ituuvo. gj acl{ jj a {. mamder will go at the same pnce th'.s
¦ feta Silk and Satin Duchesse Waists. \ ec . k - The - V are manufactured of a
5 made of the best quality Taffeta and choice, pure wool, large size, silk-
n Duchesse Satin, in the latest corded bound, m pretty borders.
Ij effects, that were selling at $6.00. Ff annplfttP^" 1 lieht "^ me *
§ $7.50 ar.d $850. Your fi - ' iaillieiCLies> dium colors, a
B choice Each vt/T-.VJJ heavy, fleecy quality; regular C! r
B value 10c. Sale price... Yard v»4^
g LACE CURTAINS UNDER p:il ftw Hemmed Pillow Cases
n PRIfF ¦ iiiutt a standard jnafc^ size
H • , T CaSPS. 4-X36. Regular value
g A chance p:ck-up by us trom oneA' a3C^« |- CJC J g^ price n
\t ci the leading importing houses oi E^h yC
n Lace Curtains, it far below the co?t '"* " "** "" " *'" . ,
1 o^- peraits us to akc Sheets. f h ~rt c b> hcrn ha m n c d d
¦> '"Voopt-rs orNottingham Lace Cur- ?°°d <vnV*y mushn size 81x00.
g ta:r.c. in Whhe and Ecru, in a large r^ ular ™ !ye 575fc Sale ,-j 1
1 r^r.ge of newest and very effective P"« . ; Each 1 1 a^
n Geszgr.s. especially strong and dur- Tlifkish 40 ozen Bleached
EB - l i yards long and from 32 to 'Ui "^ Turkish Towels, quite
D 60 inches'wide. ever}- pair worth | OWCIS. heavy, a leader this
H from $2.50 to $300. Sale ti O- week at 1 9V
H price Pair O3 Each l^aC
5 COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
C
16WHILE riding a bicycle on
Kolsom street yesterday
morning, Joel C. Booth, a
medical student, was run
ovor by a milk wagon. His head was
crushed beneath the horses' hoofs and
the wagon wheels, and it is believed
his injuries will prove fatal. The ac
cident cccured at Nineteenth and Fol-
Eoni streets, and Dr. Covey, the com
paniori of Joel Booth, is inclined to
place the blame on J. A. Schmidt, the
driver of the wagon. Schmidt was ur-
rested and detained at the City
Prison, pending the result of Booth's
Injuries- 1
Booth and Dr. Covey were riding
en their "bikes" out Folsom street
toward the City and County Hos
pital. At Nineteenth street they were
approached by a milk wagon from
the Schwerin dairy. The cyclists
were in the middle of the track and
the wagon on the right side.
When on the crossing the driver
drove across the car tracks at right
angles to the wheelmen. ,- . .
Bopth was in, the lead and had no
SURGEONS ASSIGNED TO DUTY.
J. P. Dockery Will Be Named for
Chief Food Inspector.
Chief emergency Surgeon Bonnell yes
rday made the following assignments of
s assistants as ordered at the last meet-
C of the Hoard of Health: Dr. W. M.
home, \V. R. Dorr and T. R. Starr, a.s
gnort to thr- Harbor Hospital, and Drs
. R. Dray. O. 11. Thompson and L. D
aiiKJilupi to the Central Hospital. TbeRQ
ppointnunts are for the remainder of the
lor.th <jf January and their duties will
ep:n at once. The salary is $100 per
loiith.
The twelve a«sistants who were ap
ointed by the board drew lots, as six are
¦> serve each alternate month. Tho other
ix will be assigned on February 1 next
Jt is understood that James P. Dockerv
•ill be named for chief food inspector It
1 said that Docker? retired from the fight
>r the nomination of Sheriff on the prom
ic that he w<m!<l be restored to his old
osition in the Health Department.'
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
P. M. Wellin Appointed Superinten
dent of Hepairfe and School
Buildings.
The Board of l'ublic Works yesterday
appointed P. M. Wellin superintendent of
repair* anil school buildings at a salary
of Zlh't per month.
Sheriff Uickmann's request that new
Jocks be provided for the County Jails was
granted.
Commissioner Manson wa3 empowered
to confer with tin- Auditor regarding the
condition of the funds which will come
under the board's jurisdiction.
it was decided to prepare a system of
checking In the matter of school supplies
and repairs, and the individual responsi
bility of employes will be rigidly enforced.
Commissioner, Manson filed a report
showing the area of floors and corridors
in the City Hull thai the janitors will bo
compelled to keep clean.
The appointment of assistant janitors
will be.taJien up to-morrow, morning.
there was danger of a collision, he
f=ays he put on the brakes and check
ed the horses, but it was too late.
Schmidt asserts that the wheelmen
were going at a rapid pace, and that
this prevented Booth from turning
out of the track in time to avoid be
ins struck.
Booth is a student, just completing
his term at the College of Physicians
and Surgeons. His home is in Ore
gon, amj.hc came to San Francisco
to renew his study of medicine at the
close of the Spanish war. He spent
six months in Manila as a hospital
steward and was honorably discharg
ed on his ifrturn in the hospital ship.
He is in his last year at the college
and is very popular with both faculty
and students. His brother is. now on
the way to this city from the family
home at Lebanon, Or.
Owing to the effect of the new char
ter in regard to releases on one's own
recognizance, J. A. Schmidt cannot
secure his , release from prison. He
cannot now | be charged with any
crime, and consequently the amount
of his bail or bond cannot be deter
mined.' • '^-V^;'v -. • -¦--^»,- t ¦":¦
i ¦
TiME-TRIED SPECIALISTS FOR AILMENTS OF MEN.
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN AT ANY PRICE.
j*ay when w:II. Consultation free. H>ra? cures a specialty. Free private
I book for nvn only, question list, prices, etc., at office or by mail.
M yPYPRQ £ Ph 7QI market street,
Uni ISIL lE.no Qh UUii 101 San Francisco.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, Bto 5 daily ; Evsnin»s, 7to 8; Sundays 9to 11.
GRAPE-NUTS
Sensible Hint
oq pood
Rom a
California Woman
"If you could hear all the experiences
I have been at some pains to investi-
gate you would put a warning in the"
largest type on the boxes of Grape-
Nuts and beg (?) consumers to limit
themselves to the amount mentioned in
the directions."
True you do say "Grape-Nuts food is
condensed; oat but throe or four heap-
ing teaspoons at a meal." But the food
seemed to fill such a long-felt want
or.d every one found it so delicious,
cither clone or in combination with
some other material, that, overlooking
the Email type announcement of its bc-
'•ng condensed, they have, eaten too
much, and when the body is repeatedly,
p:v«n more food thau it can use. even
if that food be most delicious, there is
D natural revulsion, and the long look-
ed for and valuable food is laid aside.
I advise persons who have had this
experience to put Grape-Nuts on their
nu-nu again and eat never more than
four teaspoonsful at a time. Then one
g^ts the powerful rebuilding: strength
of the food and looks forward with zest
to eai-h coming meal. It has been a
crent blessing to our family."— Mrs. W.
P. Bakflr. Los Angeles, CaL
mood, and if tho language he used was
not strong enough to show how his tender
hide has been seared by the expose in the
newspapers of his methods, his flushed
face and emphatic gestures alone carried
out in graphic style an idea of how keenly
he has felt the lash. He announced the
toast to which Commissioner Newhall
was to reply as "Police."
In replying: to the toast Mr. Newhall
introduced his subject by paying that if
he had been invited to discourse on the
subject of street railroa:is. or some, oth-.r
topic with which he was perfectly fa
miliar, he might do it justice ami ray
something interesting, but that as it was
he would do his best. He said:
I take it that there Is only one question you
want me to answer, and that it? who is going
to L-e the next Chief of Police. You also want
to know from me what we are tsoinp to do p*?n
erally. As th* hour is late, I will say that
acting Chief Ilipgy. who you have I'orhaps
noticed has disappeared, is niakins another raid
to-niEht. and so you see that Use Police t'e
parttnent is active, notwithstanding you have
no chief.
Whether we will elect ,\ chief or not I am
not prepared to say, because i don't know th.U
we nevd one. It is a very import;mt comniis
sion. and it Is very important that we give
the people the v»ry best service we possibly
can. Such is the intention of the Police Com
mission. On behalf of the street railroads and
ethers I would now ask all to drink to the
health of the Mayor.
A striking feature of Mr. Newhall's
speech was his utter failure to back the
• Mayor up in his statement that no mem
, ber ttf the commission had been pledged.
He could have thus appeared in a star
role, but !t is probable that Mr. Newhall's
conscience would not permit such a per
formance. However, his toast to the
Mayor was really an attempt to gloss over
hi? failure in this respect by an appear
ance of personal regard and sociability.
His utterance concerning acting Chief
Biggy was greeted with tremendous
cheering.
Franklin K. Lane closed the evop.ing's
festivity. It devolved upon him to hand
out the floral tributes to the Mayor, and
he w;is lavish in his bestowal.
"We have a leader." suid he. "who will
always lead us in the right if we follow
him. I'pon this mighty crusade for mu
nicipal reform he has bestowed his time,
his brains and his millions. To it he has
given his d:iys, ana to him they are ex
pensive days.
"What he has done with his nights, of
courso we cannot say." added Mr. Lane
facetiously, and after the general laugh
ter had died down he closed with trib
utes to the officials of both creeds and to
the Commissioner? lately appointed.
The different toasts of the evening and
those who replied to them were as fol
lows:
"Public Works," George H. Mendell:
"Freeholders." Joseph Brittan: "Police."
George A. Newhall; "Schools." C. W.
Mark: "Judiciary." Judge George H.
Bahrs; "Supf-rvisnrs." Thomas Jennings;
"Health." Dr. Williamson: "Civil Ser
vice." J. Richard Freud; "Fire." Rolla V.
Watt: "Elections.*' Jeremiah Deasy. and
"Finis," R. Beverly Cole.
* nmn nt .sssags Best Eastern Hams on Special Sale Monday and Tuesday at 12c pound. _ „„„-„«,
Wo Many l|pS| THE SEMI-ANNUAL .faMi??^ Patterns
lor the A^Y^^^T BEGINS MONDAY, JANUARY 15. WB^^^^^ iO "
Wco< Are fo\ /*~**\Vj\ " - • e/x'-'^Szftl February
Noted WU^W A surpassing collection of new embroideries direct fi^^k onsaio
Beiow. * -^#f^ from St. Gall, Switzerland-/"^ than 40, 000 yards, specially Monday.
\lJs': priced for this great semi-annual Embroidery Event, go on sale to- morrow and tw\v
Special Sale
Mien's Neckwear.
_ ¦ For one week
jp^Tp^—^a only the big store
m c^V^) places on sale 75
W ls k dozen Men's Al I -
"wTi^w Neckwear,
VJ^r in Teck3. Four-
YmSm - Hands, Puffs
//f^&k and Club Ties '
/ /feff^A'^ ' n pretty new.ef-
2^'^J'^A same colorings —
ftllt^i Neckwear that
*^U<^^fpP sells regularly
Wf%: 35c to 50c — at
the "clean-up" price, each...250
Special Sale
Bureau Scarts
and Squares.
Irish Point effect Bureau Scarfs and
Square Pieces — suitable for table tops,
in sizes from 16x16 to 30x30 inches all
neatly made, nice open work, none
worth less than 50c -on special sale
this we^k, while quality lasts, each
! 36c
Special Sale
Ladies' Hosiery.
/^N^rr — 2\ Ladies' Imported
/ >i-r\ Hermsdorf Black
( /5&7 \ aco Cotton Hose,
\ — ) extra heavy
X~ \ r I weight, high
/^^r\ \ V/ spliced heels and
/¦^ 7 A ( \ double soles, a
/\ iW \ splendid 25c Hose,
'A \*^^O on special sale all
C^_ J J s) this week, if lot
/ y lasts, per pair
{y 16c
Curtain Bep't.
Special Sale?.
Scotch Madras? 36 inches wide,
blue, gold or green, a pretty fabric for
half or side curtains, regular price 15c
per yard, for this week, while quantity
lasts, m offer 600 yards at 11c
Lace Bed Sets, full size, fine effects, with
shams to match, regular price per set
$1.75, this week, while the quantity
lasts, we offer 33 sets at $i.16
Sham Hold- -
ers. an ex- U Jr^^t, J
cellent pat- — e*^V^ J
ented arti- ~~ } ~~"~ ..l^s?
cle, regular- -jf " ''x; ~ \
ly 25c oach, [\ V\
to introduce j.\ ,;,.'-, ; j\\ . . \
them to our U-4 \ £& i i |}\
trade we /^v: — * ' ft; 1
will offer \V\ \\ \
100 only, I\ NX \\ \
while that
quantity lasts, at, each 15c
Special Salss
Grocer ies'Lis§uors.
Five important special offerings for
Monday and Tuesday only:
Hams— Best Eastern, special for two
days, per lb 12c
Baking Powder— Emporium best
quality, guaranteed to please or money
refunded, per lb, for two days 3Oc
Figs— Best California White Figs, 1-lb
packages, Monday and Tuesday 3 pack-
ages for 25c
Whiskey- Champion, full quart bot-
tles, regularly $1 00, Monday and Tuas-
day 75c
Regularly per gallon .'3.50, special
Monday and Tuesday $2 65
Fflalt Extract— Liebig's, regularly
$2.40 a dozen, on special sale while
supply lasts $2.Q0
during the week. The variety of patterns and quantities offered for this sale have
never been equaled at a similar sale in this city.
Handsome Cambric Edgings and Insertions, in sets
to match or separate — marked for this great
sale, according to the width.
3c to $f.50 per yard.
Elegant Nainsook Edgings and Insertions to
match — every design new and pretty — all
widths — marked for the semi-annual sale —
7c to $1.75 per yard.
Exquisite Swiss Embroideries on sheer cloth,
daintily workel in Point Venice and Irish Point
styles — according to the width —
' fOe to $2.50 per yard.
Finest of all-over Embroideries on Swiss, Niinsook
or Cambric — including many noveltie3 in tucked
and embroidered yokings^ with lace insertions —
75c to $5.00 per yard.
Another extraordinary offering for the coming week — many broken lines of '
beautiful fancy silks that retail regularly from B^c to $1.21; the yard have been
divided into two great lots and marked 86c and 68c respectively. Here are the
details :
a g^A >g A large assortment of Plain and Fancy Silks, consisting of 27-inch Plain-colored Taf-
tlmSLpa mm fetas in seven handsome colorings, that are regularly $1.25 per yard ; 21-inch Fancy
Striped Silk, in evening shades of lavender, nile, mais, blues, etc., regalarly $1.10 per yard ; handsome
22-in?h Black Ground Silk with colored satin stripes, in shades of Cyrano, purple, bluet and new reds,
regularly $1.25 per yard — all now marked for special sale Monday and during the week, if Qfi£f%
quantity lasts, at : . . . O^t
a A choice assortment of Fancy Waist Silks, in shades of green, purple, bluet, black and
IL&'tt 4£»cr white, lavender, etc.; also a few blue and white and black and white Swiss checks in
different sizes for Waists and Dre-ses— Silks that regularly sell at 85c, £1.00 and $1.25 per &£&g%
yard — marked for special sale Monday and during week, if quantity lasts, at. &€£%*
UnslQa*nnsslin& and
Children's Wear.
The January "Clean-Up" Sa'es
in these departments offer many
opportunities for great economy,
as the following brief list of
bargains will s^ow:
75c Corset Covers, size 9 £6 and 38 only,
to close ?... 50c
$1.10 Drawers, tucks and embroidery
"75c
20c Corset Covers, now 100
G3c Muslin Gowns, now 48c
Goc Tennis Gowns, now 450
75c Silk Scalloped Tennis Skirts, n0w......
SOc
$1.75 fine embroidery trimmed Gowns,
now $1.25
$6.95 Ladies' fine Skirts, now $4.25
$5.00 Children's Jacket?, ages 6 to 14
years, now $2*85
£6.50 Children's Jackets, ages 6 to 14
years, now $4*O J
$6.75 Children's Tailor-made Suits for
ag?s 8 to 12 years, no-.v $4*50
52.75 Infants' Fine Short Dresses, now
1.75
$5.00 Infants' Short Dresses, very hand-
some, now ,$3.H5
48c Babies' Saxony Ribbed Bands, now
25c
Speviat Sale
Turkish Towels.
We offer for this week, while quantity
lasts, 50 dozen Bleached Turkish Tow-
els size 21x46 inches, heavy quality,
solidly woven, excellent absorbers, a
20c value— at the very special price,
each 14c
Special Safe
Sheet Music.
For this week only we offer:
Any sheet of Music in our stock selling
regularly for 35c for 22c
Also 500 copies new and popular copy-
ighted Music ,one each\ per copy... tOo
Big Values in
Children's Shoes.
Children's Vici Kid
1 —isU Laced or Buttoned
VM Shoes— kid or cloth
tops, new modern
JV * oes ' P a * en ' l ea^ er
nsnl - tips, turned sewed
! *5 ?^L- : =|^^ soles, spring heels,
sizes 5 to B— at.
ijtl mtCJf
Children's Don- -^- — ;
gola Kid, Lace or
Button Shoes — kid VS?
or cloth tops, new .^tjSv'n
coin toe?, patent / f]f&fc*
leather tips, spring f^^f >^
heels, a neat dress L^^J^J^^S^-v
shoe : Sizea Si to
11.;.... 5i.23 »^ — L-^
Sizes Hi to 2 $1.38
e^^^^ Children's Box
ufir~—jj Calf Lace Shoes -
opera toes,
1 /a*-" /([box calf tips, sew-
;Jl ed soles, spring
>os>*i\j\\ heels, a good school
*j>aJ Sizes 8J to 11
' $1,23
Sizes- Hi to 2 $t*4B
A dressy shoe • -^j
for boys of Kan- y^ST"'»i
garoo Galf or Vici Vi-^^vl
Kid — lace style, \i;, l^j^
nev English toes )]';: [flp&K
and tips, medium (}\lj\ -^L
heavy sole, spring Tf j^*^*\~~~^
heel, a handsoma
and durable shoe,
sizes 9 to 13i $1.30
r. Boys' Satin Calf
r^-^j/Lace Shoes — new
Jfi I English * toes and
Ik I tips, medium heavy
_^£-j<£L sewed soles, a neat
and durable shoe
that will give great
s pi satisfaction —
Sizes 11J to 2
$1.40
Sizes 2i to oi $1.53
Milltnery
"Glean-Up" Sales.
Half-price or less now in the Mil-
linery Department. This season's
fine Trimmings, Pattern Hats and
elegant Hats of our own make
are marked to close out at once.
5c Black Quills, now .fc
15c Natural Pelican Quills, now. Bo
25c extra' heavy Pelican Quills. now..#Oo
50c Imitation Black Paradise Tail 9 25c
50c Black Ostrich Tip 3, now 2 Go
Sl.OO French Felt Shapes <no black>./£c
$45.00 Trimmed Hats, cut t0. .520.00
i 20.00 Trimmed Hats, cut to...stOm*U
$15.0 ) Trimmed Hat 3, cut to $7 5O
$9.00 Trimmed Hats, cut to $4--* 5
$7.00 Trimmed Hats, cut to $3.25
'Bonnets and CMourniug Mi-
iin'ty at eqmllv asg- ejt reduction.
Books by
Dwight L. Moody.
For this v/eek the big store offers 10 of
the books from the pen of the Great
Evangelist at
' 12\c Eich, Postpaid.
"The Way to God"; "Heaven— Where
It Is"; "Prevailiag Prayer"';' "Secret
Power r ; "To the Work"; "Bible Char-
acters"; "Sowing and Reaping"; "Over-
coming Life"; "The .Prodigal";
"Faith."
Sale of Wrapper
' Flannels ties.
For this week we offer about 5000 yards
of this season's Flannelettes - some in
light woven colors, suitable for night
wear — others dark and medium color-
ings, suitable for sacques, wrappers,
etc., value 3 ranging from 7Jc to 10c a
yard — all on special sale this week,
while quantity lasts, at 6c
Drink, Woar jj& (M 'OtM& lWi& Pl^ie Until
or Use in §§| pP a<^«r | > fl ? ...n _ 4ff» ...¦_..... -** ' H Customer is
Your Home. &* €£^M^&ffdlCS3i!l& MU&3&22&2k£*«
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- AM ERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Special Sale
Toilht Articles.
Here are four articles that are reeded
every day, on special sale all th s xcuh, if
quantities last, at a little more than lialf
regular prices:
Tooth
Brush" i n / y^W' : r^V\
OS-Good "tj/// ¦ %))
quality, m- I ¦'//¦' 1. I '/J
ported, pol- «£>>?)>- //; // ' //
ish bone -^r^
handle, Al "^^y z^^^^'-^
bristles, S /*^^^L
"Glean-Up" x<A SiEEsl^
Price, each. r'Sy/ Agr' -\
7<y \^/
Toilet Soap — "Violettea de Panne,"
made by Cartier OdendTial, Pars; finely
scented, our be3t value 25c per box
Soap, at the "Clean-Up" Price this week,
per box ISo
Hand M irr or s— Extra large size,
French plate beveled edge glass, pol-
ished wood back, regularly 50c each,
"Clean-Up" Price for this week... 29c
Hand Brushes- Imported Hand
Brush, heavy bristle stock with box-
wood back, a very desirable kind, regu-
larly 25c each, special "Clean-Up" Price
this week 14-c
Special Sale
Mocha Gloves.
Ladies' 2- /^h^^^^^—i A
clasp Mocha A jjV__-^-r-r?> Q
Gloves— ia -r '^j Qu-o jI i \
green only— ¦ X^S^r. If 1 1 \Yt]
sizes 5J to 7, , \'-',\ i ,"/
regularly $1 '-^^J \\\\
a pair— on sale this week, to ill V,
clean out the line, at 50 C
Special Sale
of Linen Scarfs.
Fine Momie Linen Bureau Scarfs>.tied fringe
borders, fancy colored centers, as-
sorted, size 16x44 inches, our 35c value,
on special sale dlt this zr.ek, if quan-
tity lasts, each 23c
Special Sale
Fancy Vests.
"We offer this trick, /^^
while quantity last 3, vr* '^l
100 Men's $2.50 \^s"
Fancy Vesta, in all vKKstjiK-
sizes up to 44, six /W^w-f^V
different patterns to / V£*sjr«* r3 .\
select" frets, all new / /jp**fc**S^ \
and up-to-date, made /ys^tiT**" ¦ 1
up in thelatest fash- ~# \r~\y "*J"*V
ion, 5-button. double- \. Vs^TX^^'v
brea3ted, with collar,
at the very special / -"
price, each.. $'j. 55
Special Sale
Boys' 63.00 Suits
This Week
§1.95, &f%
While quantity lasts >«£ ?jj
the big store offers 95 yl^'^^s
all-wool Vestee Suits for /\ ¦ gr\
boys 3to 8 years of age — / I \
3 serviceable colors, one aIK *?» \
deep brown mixture, one V\J j\\ I
a medium gray and tho \J°/-r^/
other a blue cheviot. / J
These suit 3 have the new ; //
small collar with silk- / ,7
faced reveres - vests have -d -If
shields made 0* pleated I /
velvet — their regular W J
value is 13.00 ench, our Ila^
special price for this week, .^f^Kr~
while lot \a?tt....51.95
FERDINAND VASSAULT.
This iMi'l.linp iva« nftorn
I.nke. This building was afterward
moved to the southern part of the
city and later to the Sutro Heights,
where it was known as the eld Cliff
House, destroyed by fire several years
ago. Later he engaged in mining and
real estate. He' was stricken with
paralysis on January 8, ISSS, and has
been on invalid since.
Frederick Vas.-ault was one of the
charter members of the Pacific Club
tn the early fifties, and he was the
eighteenth member of the Vieilance
Committee organized 1n June, 1831.
The funeral will take place at Trin
ity Episcopal Church on Monday aft
ernoon.
FERDINAND VASSAULT'S
-LONG LIFE HAS ENDED
"P^ERDINAND VASSAULT. one
V—^ of the best known pioneers.
died at his residence. 2337 Pine
street, yesterday, after having
lived an active and honorable life in
California for more than half a cen
tury.
Eighty years ago Ferdinand Vas
sault was born in New York City and
he bc£:in his business career in the
house- of A. T. Stewart & Co.. with
Cyrus Field for Ms associate. While
quite your.g he went into the whal
:rg I us!ni sa la New Bedford on his
own account. He came to California
in September. IS*9. r.nd founded a gen
era! merchandise b-.isinefs In this city.
with a branch at Sacramento.
;:¦ established the first regular line
of steamers between this city and
Sacramento, touching at Benicia. the
then capital. H<- was one of the or
garJzers of the Mountain Lake Water
Company, the predecessor of the
Sj ring Vallay Company. la l&.")2 he
built th« Mission plank road, oxtend
irr- from California and Kearny to
Mission street and thence to the Mis
6ion Dolores. The magnitude of the
undertaking for these days may be
appreciated by the fact that it cost
M9JDOO to remove the sandhills from
Karr.y street alone. He established
the first pressed brick plant in the
State, which furnished the bricks for
many of the early buildings in this
city that are still standing, and for
the penitentiary- at San Quentin,
which wes built by him and his as
sociates. With other capitalists he
built the Lake House, a fashionable
resort in early days, near Mountain
BOER SYMPATHIZERS
AT WORK OAKLAND
The local sympathizers of the Boers, en
couraged by the enthusiasm manifested
at the mass meeting held recently in Met
ropolitan Temple, are arranging for a big
pro-Boer demonstration in Oakland. Pres
ident Groh. Secretary yon Baggen and
Treasurer Carvalho of the Transvaal com
mittee, with Rev. Dr. Shepard, have been
at work on the project for several days
and believe the outlook for a largely at
tended mass meeting In Oakland to be
most auspicious.
A committee meeting will be held on
the other side Of the bay next Wedncsilav
evening, when the details of the proposed
meeting will be arranged. It Is expected
that everything will be In readiness for
the event In a week or ten days.
Mayor Snow has promised *to address
the audience, and Colonel John P. Irisn
will be invited to take part. This side
of the bay will be represented by ex-
Judge M. Cooney.
The mass meeting will be held in th»
Macdonough Theater, which has already
been secured for the occasion.
Suffragists at Work.
The first of a series of meetings to be
conducted by the Suffrage clubs of this
city was held yesterday afternoon in Y.
M. C. A. Hall. Emmett Coleman spoke on
the "Justice of Woman Suffrage" before
the Mission Woman's* Suffrage and West
Karl Political clubs. The lecture was fol
lowed by an entertainment in which Mrs.
N. A. Armstrong and Mr*. Alice Eckman
Cramer took rart. Many ladies signed the
club rolls at the close of the meeting.
Diamonds, fine gold jewelry and higrh
class watches are being sold without rc-
Fcr\'e at King. Moss & Cn.'s auction ?ale.
6.T* Market street. Palace Hotel block. Two
sales daily. 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. ra. •
Row on Vulcan Lane
Isadore Ruiz, a carpenter, was yester
day held to answVr before the Superior
Court by Judge Mogan on two charges of
assault with a deadly weapon In $2000
bonds on each charge. A week ago ho
called upon Manuel Robles, 6^i Vulcan
lane, and after "rushing the growler" for
some houra a fight started and Ruiz
slashed at Rnhles with a knife. Mrs. Ro
bles ran to her husbands assistance ami
Ruiz beat her on the head with a heavy
tin can.
THE GOLDEN JUBILEE
OF OUR STATEHOOD
NATIVE SONS ARE PREPARING
FOR THE EVENT.
James D. Phelan Chosen as President
of the Committee on Celebration.
Others in Charge.
Last night there was a meeting of the
Ninth of September celebration commit
tee of Native Sons of the Golden West in
Balboa Hall of the Native Sons' building,
for the purpose of perfecting a permanent
organization. There was present a large
number of those delegated to represent
the several parlors. The meeting was
called to order by H. G. W. Dinkelspiel
of Bay City Parlor. The tlrst business
was tlie. election of officers. E. M. Wolf
placed in nomination Will D. Shea of Call
lornia Parlor; J. E. O'Donnell nominated
James D. Phelan of Pacific Parlor. Mr.
Shea declined in favor of Mr. Phelan, and
on motion he was elected by acclamation.
John T. Graney of Pacific Parlor nom
inated for vice president frank H. Dunne
of that parlor, and he, too, was elected by
acclamation, there being no other candi
date. James L. Gallagner of Alcatraz
nominated for second vice president H. G.
W. Dinkelspiel of Bay City Parlor. There
being no other nominee, he, too, was
elected by acclamation.
Stephen V. Costello of Pacific Parlor
nominated Will D. Shea of California,
and he was unanimously elected secre
tary.
Daniel A. Ryan of Pacific Parlor nom
inated P. dv Py of National Parlor, and
being the only nominee he was elected by
acclamation.
On motion of J. L. Gallagher, a com
mittee of five will be appointed by Presi
dent Phelan to prepare an order of busi
ness and determine how the committees
that are to manage the celebration shall
be appointed. ;
Will D. Shea, Lewis F. Byington and
J. J. Jamison were appointed a permanent
committee on credentials.
R. W. Neil suggested that as a means
to obtain funds a baseball tournament
should be inaugurated in March next
under the auspices of the Native Sons. A
committee of three was appointed to con
sider the suggestion. Messrs. Abbott.
Dinkelspiel and Shea were appointed as
such committee.
W. P. Johnson of Sequoia Parlor was
appointed sergeant at arms.
The committee adjourned to the call of
the chair.
CYCLIST FATALLY HURT
BENEATH HORSES' FEET
time to turn out. lie collided with
the horses and after they had passed
over him a wheel ran over his skull.
He was taken to the home of Dr.
Born on Howard street, where he re
malned unconscious all day. Drs.
Winslow Anderson. Morton Howard
and Hodghead attended to Booth's
injuries and found a bad fracture at
the base of ihe skull.
Driver Schmidt says he was going
at a very moderate speed on the right
slrte of the road and was in full sight
of the cyclists when he turned across
the street. When he noticed that
. ___ ____^__ A
TAX REBATE SWINDLER.
More Pirms Notify Assessor That
They Have Been Victimized.
fceverai more complaints were received
yesterday fey Assessor Doilge from firms
who have been victimized by an impostor
who represented himself as a Deputy As
sessor and secured assignments or rebates
<iue them on personal property taxes. The
first complaint was from Cluett. Peabody
& Co., who assigned their claim to the
¦windier for $17 22, when the amount of
rebnte coming to th r 'm wa..s actually J.?O 40.
Steps w< re immediately taken by Chief
Deputy Ginty to stop the payment of the
claiirjjin the Treasurer's office and also
tn <°. j^chend the guilty party.
The Sierra Nevada Mining Company was
nlso mulcted to the extent of SIS 10. Other
rtrms who have been victimized are C. A.
Murdock & Co.. Bosqui Engraving and
Printing Company. Carrau & Green.
The mannr-r in which the payment of
rebates is effected appears to make fraud
possible in this connection. It has been
customary for the convenience of the tax
payer to irsue to him a certificate coun
tersigned by Chief Deputy Assessor flin
ty showing that he has paid his taxes for
i he fiscal year. The fact that the rate
was fixed at $1 63 after collection had been
made at the old rate of $1 SI entitles him
to collect the rebate on presentation of
the certificate to the City Treasurer.
These certificates bear the name of Wash
ington Dodge in printed letters and it was
an easy matter to print an exact copy of
the certificate and for the imnostor to
pursue his operations.
The swindler. Who is said to be a tall
man with a <lark ffoaiee; is believed to be
a man who was an employe of the Assps«-
or*a office Inst spring. Ginty will not dis
closf his name, however, until a search
ing investigation has been made.
MAYOR PHELAN
INSULTS JUDGE
GEORGE BAHRS
Gross Incivility Mars
a Banquet.
SQUIRMING UNDER THE LASH
COMISSIOXER G. A. KEWHALL
"TURNS DOWN" HIS CREATOR.
Refuses to Appear in a Star Role and
Sack Up the Mayor's Declara
tion That All Appointees .-;Jl
Ars Unpledged. *&
?
The appointed as well as the elect at
tended the f«?a£t given at the Palace Hotel
Last evening by th« Lord Mayor of New
San Francisco. The tables were spread
10 accommodate one hundred, and very
nearly all ol the invited participated in
the fui.ction.
The pregrt-.-sive young men selected by
the Mayor for the various commissions
under the new charter made a brave dis
play at the banquet board. Conspicuous
in the galaxy of youth and energy were
Colom-1 George H. Mendell, U. S. A. (re
tirirdi. Ja.-pt-r McDonald, Reuben H.
L-lcvd. Dr. McNutt and Joseph H. Brit
ton. The last mentioned was neither elect
ed nor appointed to office, but was invited
faf a iriend of the court and a father of
>.>tv San Kraucfsco.
The Mayor in the double role of host
itnd toustmaster had frequent opportunity
to tjit^ik. and thcrtforc it. .-.¦-• several
clever little speeches. He was hardly
ju."t:n»Mj as the host in correcting at the
table juajct Bahrs of the judiciary, ii was
not the time and place to appeal from the
juogrnent of the Superior Court-
Judge Bahrs, be it mir.ded. was- accord
ed the privilege of speaking the senti
ments oi the judiciary. Mellowed by the
genial atmosphere ot the banquet * hail,
and Inspired by the generous wine, he
likened the .r-ast to the famous banquets
of the Lot'J Mayor of London, and ex
pressed the hope that the «.-ustom to ha;>
hUy e>tab!i.-hed in San Francisco by
ilayor Phelan would be perpetuated. The
cheerful sentiment was applauded to the
echo.
Hm guests were surely surprised when
tlie Mayor asserted that his dinner did
not in any sense resemble a banquet by
the Lord Mayor of London. Perhaps if
the Maynr had permittel Judgre liahrs'
remarks to pass unchallenged some un
gracious critic might have accused htm
of entertaining British sympathies. Any
way the Mayor reproved one of his guests
at the table and did not administer the
reproof with grace or tact.
The interchange of bouquets at the ban
quet was a feature. Joseph Britton tossed
a bunch of flowers to the Mayor, and tho
latter sent pome sw^-ct-sccnted violets to
the Board <t Public Woiks. Colonel Men
dell lingered awhile over .the fragrance
ar.d ga\"<* bffl associates a sniff. Supervisors
£ar.r:< rs-'n. Hotaling and Dwyer passed
up comti'.iments to other members of the
board, and received In return taffy with
interest. As th<> banquet progressed th*>
Ebouta < f enthusiasm at the mention of
New San Francisco grew louder and more
prolong- .-d. At midnight the new govern
irrr.t was fully inaugurated.
Tfcf paramount sensation of the evening,
and there were a number of them, v.as
the speech of Mayor Phelan introducing
Police Commissioner <i«orgr- A. Newhaif*
which j* given in full elsewhere in tills
issue. The Mayor was in impassioned
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
17In the proposed reorganization of the Police De
partment some provision certainly ought to be made
for a "thieves' dictionary." It may be needed by
visitors seeking information in the "upper office."
The racecourse at Pretoria has at last lost its in
ternational interest. Prisoners crowded in so fast that
an addition had to be made to the town for their ac
commodation. There was a touch of sardonic humor
in naming the streets after the towns the British want
to capture.
The kindliness and charity of some people are al
most beyond comprehension. The Chattanooga
actress who sent a gentleman to his eternal rest with
a bullet says she would restore him to life if she
could.
Local firemen have taken many a tumble in.their
rough experience, but it was not until the Mayor
touched the match of his political ambition that they
knew what an explosion was. ,'
BROCADED CREPE DRESS,
The dress represented Is of white ground
crepe, brocaded with orange roses. The
upper part of the corsage is of soft vel
vet, with a flounce encircling the decollete
and forming epaulets. The brocaded crepe
bolero Is edged with fur and attached
with an enamel brooch. The lower part
of the corsage is of crystal beads. The
skirt is plain, with pleats behind.
If the newly created commissions of this city
continue to subdivide within themselves into bureau
after bureau the Civil Service Commission will be
justified in offering a reward to the lucky man who
can guess the source oftnunicipal authority. •
THE POLICE DEPARTMENT.
AAYOR PHELAN in the course of his mes
sage submitted to the Board of Supervisors
on January 8 said: "The Police Department
will be reorganized and will be more accountable to
the people than in the past." He then went on to
refer to the demoralizing effect of the corruption in
Chinatown upon the department and said: "It ex
ercises as malign an influence over the police as did
the quasi-public corporations over the Supervisors in
the past, but as the city found men to withstand the
blandishments of the corporations, so must we find
men who will do their duty in Chinatown. Public
gambling is a great evil, leading to poverty, disgrac-,
defalcation and death, which the records of this city
abundantly prove, and its practice should be dis
countenanced and suppressed.
With those words the Mayor gave encouragement
to the hope of those who believed that under the new
charter we were to have reform in police methods.
The disclosures that have followed the appointment of
the new commission have gone far to dissipate that
hope. The Call has proof that the Mayor had no
option in the appointment of the Police Commission.
The Commissioners whom he named were appointed
at the dictation of a gang whose interests are with
the white gamblers, if not with those in Chinatown.
The commission was pledged to choose for the Chief
of Police a man who in turn is pledged to appoint as
chief of the detective force a corrupt rascal known
as a thief and a defaulter and once a fugitive from the
justice of the employer he had robbed.
The appointment of such men to positions which
give them complete control of the police affairs
means a "wide open" town for gamblers, blackmail
ers and all other vicious persons who prey upon the
weakness or the corruption of the community. It
may be possible they will draw the line at Chinatown
and purify that quarter of the city while leaving the
rest "wide open," but it is not likely. Between the
corruption of white gamblers and the corruption of
the yellow gamblers there is an affinity of purpose
which will lead them to act together in evading ths
law and corrupting the police.
The Mayor's statement that the police .force will
be more accountable to the people under the new ad
ministration than under the old appears in the light
of these revelations to be the grossest hypocrisy.
The Mayor is aware that he named the Commission
ers ?.t the dictation of a gang of gamblers; that he
knew they would appoint as Chief of Police a man
who would connive at all forms of vice that could be
made profitable to the gang. With what conscious
ness of honesty, then, could he assert that the police
force would be more accountable to the people than
it had been?
The Commissioners who have been chosen to carry
out this conspiracy are men of whom the people have
a right to expect better things. They have been
known as men of high standing in the business world
and c.l good repute in social life. They are not ig
norant of the corrupt influences of public gam
bling and of the menace which exists to the com
munity in that form of vice. As the Mayor stated
in his message, the records of the Police Department
itself show that poverty, disgrace, defalcation and
death result from it. Many of the worst and black
est cases in our criminal calendar can be traced di
rectly to the effects of gambling. Such being the
case, it is not too much to hope that men having a
stake in the community, interested in the welfare of
society and desirous of retaining their respect and
the esteem of their fellow-citizens, will refuse to go
further in this conspiracy. It is no fault of theirs that
they have been duped thus far, but if they now carry
out the plot knowing what the end will be, their fault
will be grievous indeed, amounting to absolute dis
honor.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrh'uni— Vaua*%-l!le.
Columbia — Benef.t to Mrne. Fabbrl-Mueller.
Columbia —"The TVir.ter'i TaJe." to-morrow nlrht.
CaJiforr-ia— "The Countess Guck.l."
TlvoM— "Little 80-Peep."
Grand Oi«ra-house — "Elnbad."
Grand Optra- House— Symphony Concert Tliurßd»y afternoon,
January IS.
Alhair.bra.— "A Hot Old Time."
Alcarar— "Mjsterioui Mr. But'.e."
Chutes. Zoo H.Z.& Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«veni::g.
OlyrcpSa, corner Mason ar.4 Ellis streets — SpeclaJtlea.
:¦:...-. a Battle of Manila Bay. Market street, near
E!£hth.
Vc!on Coursing Park — Coursln* to-< Say.
Sherman-Clay Hall— 6on* Recital, Monflay ereninc, Jaan-
e--y ::.
Western Turf AFsoelation— Race* to-morrow.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1J42. *
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— L. yon Rosen
berg of Los Angeles, M. H. Heynemann
of San Francisco and E. M. Marks of San
Francisco are at the Grenoble.
JURY TRIAL FOR CONTEMPT.
THE Chicago platform, which offered everything
from a splinter to a whole plank as a standing
place for all the financial discontent and eco
nomic diseases of the country, declared in favor of
taking the punishment of contempt of court out of
the hands of Judges and making it the subject of a
jury trial. No one, not even the motley clad support
ers of Mr. Bryan, was supposed to intend such a
preposterous proposition seriously. In California
some effort was made to get up a political furor on
the cry, "No government by injunction," but it
ceased after the election of 1898. The issue was de
vised originally to flatter mobs that had been judi
cially enjoined from entering upon or destroying the
property of others or by violence preventing its
legitimate and lawful use by its owner. Here seemed
a chance to get votes by breaking down the main
safeguard of the rights of property. The injunction
is to property exactly what the habeas corpus is to
the person. It is one of the most necessary writs in
any condition of society that implies respect for the
rights of property.
But these considerations do not seem to impress
the demagogues who are out for office at no matter
what sacrifice of the rights of property and the in
terests of the people.
The issue is made fresh by the introduction into
the House by Mr. Jett of Illinois of a bill which pro
vides that all acts which are contempt of court not
committed in the presence of the court shall be triable
by a jury of the vicinity in which the act is committed.
The author of this pernicious measure says that it
will pass, and that Republican members of the Judi
ciary Committee have assured him of their support,
declaring that the bill is beyond criticism.
It is difficult to believe that this is to be taken se
riously. Of necessity every violation of a permanent
injunction is contempt of court, though such viola
tion can never be in the presence of the court.
Therefore the injunction as a means of protecting
property rights is practically abolished by Mr. Jett's
Take an illustration that is near at hand. After
long and costly litigation the Federal court in this
city issued a permanent injunction against all hy
draulic mining which imperiled navigation or which
by overflow of debris or water from an obstructed
channel destroyed agricultural land. We need not
remind the farmers of Sutter and Yuba counties of
the agony and bloody sweat they underwent in pro
curing that injunction, nor of the cost they endured
in enforcing it. Many times its violators were caught
in the act by their patrols and were punished by the
Federal court for contempt of its writ. There is no
other writ, no other process known to jurisprudence,
by which those valley farmers can be protected
against the entire destruction of their property.
Without that injunction they will be compelled to
retire before the floods that will sweep away or bury
all they have.
Now let us suppose that the Jett bill become? the
law and the long toms are turned on again in the
mountains, as they would be, and the slickens again
slimed its way to destroy the valley lands. The im
peri'ed farmers would of course invoke the injunc
tion. Its violators would be airested, but the court's
hands would be tied. The guilty men would have to
be tried before "a jury of the vicinity where the con
tempt was committed." Does any one doubt the re
sult? Does any one believe that under such a system
that injunction would be worth the paper it is written
on? Does any one believe that the acts it enjoins
and forbids would ever cease under the Jett bill un
til the mountains were washed into the valleys? Mr.
Jett is pursuing the Bryan method with his bill. He
calls judicial punishment of contempt "the use of ar
bitrary power," and says that his bill is opposed only
by the corporation press. But we cannot believe it
possible that the people are to be fooled by such
chatter.
The bill is an infamous attack upon a safeguard of
property of which the poor, not the rich, stand in
need. The principle it proposes to establish opens the
way for robbery of those who cannot defend them
selves. We do not go too far in saying that when it
is the law the ;veak or peacable property-owner can
be entirely deprived of his property by the powerful
and unscrupulous. It is a good bill to kill, and any
party that supports it should die with it.
THE STATUS OF HAWAII.
A BILL is before Congress to erect a territory in
Hawaii. Under our system of government,
and by unbroken precedent, when the terri
torial status is reached the further advance to state
hood is made possible. Only California and Texas
of the States admitted into the Union were exempted
from a territorial novitiate.
The modern school of expansionists holds, backed
by some judicial decisions, that the constitution does
not apply to Territories, and that they may be ruled
by Congress as it chooses, suspending the bill of
rights and all the constitutional guarantees within
them, if it so elect.
The first issue presented is, Do the American peo
ple want Hawaii as a Territory and therefore a pros
pective State? The revolution occurred seven years
ago. Since then there has surely been uninterrupted
access to the islands for all Americans who chose to
go and preferred to stay. The latest official state
ment of the present population gives returns of the
nationalities in Hawaii:
Japanese coolies 40,000
Chinese coollea 21,600
Hawallans 8,400
Hawaiian part castes —
Portuguese 15,100
Americans 3,000
British 2,200
German 1,400
French and Norwegian 479
All others 1,055
Total 124,234
It is safe to assume that if the islands were suited
to Americans they would be there. The foundation
of the population of the United States is our Ameri
can laboring people. No American State can be
built and perpetuated without them. As The Call
warned the annexationists, American labor cannot
live and work in Hawaii. If there is to be commer
cial prosperity there Us foundation is fixed by the cli
mate and its Asiatic coolie labor. It will be seen
that already 61,000 coolies are domesticated there.
More than ever before in the history of the country.
Of the three thousand Americans none are laborers.
The exceeding prosperity existing there during the
last year has its sole cause in the productive power
of 61,000 servile Asiatic coolie laborers. The next
largest class is the Portuguese, themselves resistant
to the climate to a less degree than the coolies, and
most of them there on contract like the coolies. The
British and Germans are there on business, picking
such crumbs as fall from the tables of the 3000 Amer
icans. We submit that there is not the material for
an American State, nor for an American Territory.
New Mexico. has been held out of the Union because
a majority of her people are of Mexican blood and
do not speak English, rendering the use of Spanish
necessary in judicial proceedings. Thomas H. Ben
ton, the great Missouri Senator, could write as good
English as a professor, but his extempore speeches
were full of grammatical lapses. One day he and
Pierre Soule of Louisiana and a group of Senators
were discussing the French republic of '48. Bcnton
declared that it would live but briefly, for only people
speaking the English language could exist under re
publican government. Soule replied: "It is fortu
nate for you that your theory is false." The joke was
on Bcnton, but his theory has been applied to New
Mexico.
In Hawaii it is a question of race and adaptation to
the climate. American workingmen want to know
whether Congress proposes to erect there an indefi
nitely continuing Territory, governed by its will, and
excluded from the operation of the labor laws of this
country. • They want to know whether the erection
of a Territory is to cloak a continuation there of
labor under a penal contract. They want to know
whether the products of coolie servile labor are to
have free access to this market in competition with
the products of American labor paid on the white
scale of wages.
They are not to be deceived, for they know that
just in proportion as such products displace theirs
their labor is displaced and left without wages. As
we have said, we repeat, that if Hawaii is brought
under the economic as well as the political jurisdiction
of the United States its coolie labor must go, and all
of its contract labor, coolie or Portuguese or native,
must cease. Like the former prosperity of Hayti
and Jamaica, that of Hawaii is based on servile
labor. It is that form of involuntary servitude which
h forbidden by the constitution of the United States.
When it ceases the prosperity of Hawaii ceases, like
that of Jamaica and Hayti. Its economic history and
fate will be that of all tropical possessions held by
temperate zone nations, for never anywhere have they
produced a significant commercial surplus except by
forced and servile labor. We advise the representa
tives of California to consider these things well when
they act upon the status of Hawaii. The organic act
creating there a Territory should be American. It
can be so only by immediately banishing all coolie
labor and permanently excluding it, and by making a
labor contract a felony. It will be less trouble to
recognize this now than to suffer for refusal later on.
The Call has warned the people from the begin
ning. Our warning to the annexationists in Hawaii
was not lacking. Coolie labor was the contract goose
that laid their golden eggs. Their hope was to in
fluence this Government to erect in the islands an un-
American American jurisdiction.. To prove this let
some one offer a coolie excluding amendment to the
territorial bill, and the Hawaiian opposition will dis
close the direction of the trade wind in the islands.
I DRY GOODS COMPANY.
LINEN DEPARTMENT !
Great Success of Our Clearing-Out Sale of
ODD TABLE CLOTHS, TRAY and CARVER CLOTHS,
ALSO REMNANTS OF TABLE LINENS.
We are also offering a job.in BLEACHED DAMASK CLOTHS,
from 2 to 4 yards long, at little more than naif their value.
"No Napkins to Match."
Also a job in odd lots of NAPKINS AND TOWELS.
Bath Towels from I2}c each.
ITALIAN SILK BLANKETS at $1.50, $2, $3 and $5. 50 each-
A special MADE-TO-ORDER for the BERKELEY
BOYS, Blue and Gold, $3 each.
Protect Your Table Tops by Using Our Non-Heatable Mats.
; COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
, _,-_-_-_¦_,-. . . -_ - .- -_¦_-.-_
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
; SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streeta, Saa Francisco.
SUNDAY JANUARY 14, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address A!! Ccmmuncations to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
ri'BLICATIOX OFFICE. .Market find Third. S. F.
Telephone Malm ISttH.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered by Carrier*. IS Cent* Per Week.
Mnclr Copfcn, .6 Cent*.
Terms liy Mnil. Including Poitaffei
DAILY CALL. (lnrlndlnjc Sunday), one year..so.OO
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday). <! mouth*.. 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 montha.. 1.50
DAILY CALL — Uy Single Month 6.1n
BVSOA.It CALL One Year l.r»O
ÜBEKJLY CALL One Year l-OO
All poattuantera are authorised to receive
nubucrlptlona.
Sample coplea will be fortrarded vrhea reaneated
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXBSS.
Jlaaacer Forrtsrn Advertising. Marqnette Bvild
lns. Chicago.
SEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C CARLTO.\ Herald Souare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE l
PERRY LIKENS JH 29 Tribune Dvlldlna-
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS I
Sherman llouaet P. O. .Vem Co.i Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont Houaei Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS I
Waldorf- Aatorla Hotel ; A. Brentano, 31 Union
Square; Mnrrnr Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C> OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. F. ENGLISH, Correapondent.
ItRANCB OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open nntll 9i30 oVlooU. 300 Hayes,
opeu until O:3O o'clock. G3U McAllister, open
until B«3O o'clock. <(15 Lurkln. open until
B(3O o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until IU
o'clock. 22t*l Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until » o'clock. lOtMt Valencia, open until O
o'clock. lOti Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner Tiventy-second and Kentucky,
open uutll 9 o'clock.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900
ALL DIFFERENCES
BEING ADJUSTED
Friendship of America
and Germany.
ONLY ONE STUMBLING BLOCK
MEAT INSPECTION QUESTION IS
YET UNSOLVED.
Emtassador White Hopeful That Me
Kinley's Proposition for a Joint
Commission Will Be
Accepted.
?
Copyrlghted, 1900, by the Associated Press
BERLIN, Jan. 13.— The correspondent of
the Associated Press interviewed United
States Embassador White to-day about
the present status of the relations be
tween Germany and the United States.
White said:
The Samoan question between the United
States and Germany, the Insurance question
and sundry minor matters have been happily
settled. The main questions which remain are
the commercial treaty and the proper Inspec
tion of American meats. The former will bo
mainly considered at Washington. The latter
must depend upon the action of the Relchs-
U(f. Though the Agrarian party shows bitter
hostility to the alleviation of the present ar
rangements, so oppressive to American Inter
ests, it Is hoped that the proposal made In
President McKlnley's message for the appolnt-
merit of a special commission may be accepted.
There Is no doubt that the Government, apart
from the Agrarians, would b* heartily glad to
see some such fair settlement. This was fore
shadowed when the Emperor expressed at con
siderable length to mo on New Year's day not
only hla own personal satisfaction but that of
the German people at the part of the message
referring to Ormany. It Is also an open secret
that Prince Hohenlohe and Count yon Hulow
were especially anxious to see some such Just
solution of this most troublesome of all the
questions now pending between the two Gov
ernments.
Politically the week was interesting In
several respects. The Reichstag was
dull, but In the coming week foreign af
fairs will be thoroughly discussed. Count
yon Bulow. Minister of Foreign Affairs,
the Associated Press correspondent is in
formed, will review recent events and fur
nish some inside information.
In the Diet the Government's complete
moral defeat during the debate on the dis
missal of political officials for voting
against the canal bill is considered to be
of great importance in Internal politics,
as it shows that the Conservatives still
intend to bitterly oppose the Emperor,
especially on the new canal bill, which
does not please the Agrarians, in spite of
the fact that It contains enormous im
provement projects for the eastern prov
inces of Prussia.
The seizures of German steamers by
British ships have had the effect of in
tensifying and generalizing anti-British
sentiment in Germany. It would be diffi
cult to-day to find a German, here or any
where, who dares to profess Anglophlllsm.
All the anti-German utterances in the
British press are circulated here. One
which causes great embitterment 13 a
Punch poem starting. "Little Germany
talks," which is reprinted everywhere.
In reference to this the semi-official Post
says to-day:
"It must be said that this is an unusu
ally impudent piece of impudence, ~oy the
same English who did not know how t«
flatter our Emperor enough when the
question was to prevent his abandoning
the idea of his visit to England."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
B. F. Shepard Jr., a wealthy land owner
of Fresno, is at the Grand.
J. P. Cox, a prominent merchant of Fol-
Bom, 13 registered at the Grand.
L. H. Bookson, a wealthy fruit grower
of San Jose, is a guest at the Grand.
C. L. Morrill, a wealthy oil speculator
of Bakersneld, is staying at the Lick.
Thomas J. Kirk, Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, is a guest at the Lick.
Timothy Lee, one of the best known
politicians of Sacramento, is at the Lick.
W. L. Gazzam, one of the leading busi
ness men of Seattle, is a guest at the Oc
cidental.
R. Van Brunt, a wealthy merchant of
Leland, Or., is among the arrivals of yes
terday at the Palace.
J. H. Gardiner, a progressive business
man of Rio Vista, is registered for a
short stay at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Peabody, two promi
nent society people of Chicago, are among
the recent arrivals at the Palace.
"W. A. Anderson, a popular and promi
nent attorney of Sacramento, was among
the arrivals of last night at the Lick.
Frank C. Bakir. formerly State Prln«er
of Oregon, is at the Palace, where he reg
istered yesterday from his home In Le
land.
Joe Kerfoot. a popular hotel man of
Fernando, Humboldt County, is in this
city on his wedding trip. He leaves to
day for his home.
Sheriff T. M. Brown of Humboldt Coun
ty is registered for a short stay at the
Russ. He is down here on a visit of pleas
ure and will shortly return to his home.
A. F. Hess of the Plant Railroad system
Is In the city on business connected with
the Southern Pacific Company. Mr. Hess
is the statistical expert of the Plant Com
pany and is the originator of the Insur
ance systems now in operation. The
Southern Pacific has decided to establish
an insurance system of its own. for the
hpnftflf of Its emnloyes, and to Mr. Hess
THE FRUIT-GROWERS' CONVENTION.
rROM the convention of fruit-growers which is
to assemble in San Jose this week much is to
be expected. The delegates are to meet for a
specific and well-defined purpose, that of providing
a system of co-operation in marketing deciduous and
dried fruits, and the results arc therefore likely to be
more important than those which follow conventions
whose discussions cover the whole field of horticul
ture and its products,
The circumstances of the time are propitious to the
efforts of those who are seeking to bring about the
formation of some system of union among the grow
ers. The controversy now going on in the south
between the growers of citrus fruits and the railroads
has a significance which the producers of deciduous
fruits can hardly overlook. In the situation which
confronts the orange-growers there is a warning for
all California orchardists too plain to be mistaken,
and that warning, added to the lessons the fresh fruit
and dried fruit producers have learned from their own
experience in the past, will do much to induce the
most conservative among them to undertake the es
tablishment of some system of mutual protection and
advantage.
Fortunately there are circumstances of encourage
ment as well as of warning in the environment. The
success which has been attained by the Raisin-
Growers' Union is sufficient to give something of
hope to even the least sanguine. It is well known
that shortly before the organization of the raisin
growers for co-operative purposes the industry was
rendered almost unprofitable by reason of the com
petition among the growers and the ill-regulated
method of marketing the crops. Since the beginning
of co-operation the situation has been changed for
the better in every respect, and the prospects justify
the expectation of greater good to come.
All the economic forces of our time and country
tend to the development ofi the spirit and the prac
tice of co-operation. There may be some industries
that can be maintained profitably along the old lines
in spite of those forces; but it has now become evi
dent that fruit-growing in California is not one of
them. Owing to the distance of our growers from
the great markets of the East and of Europe, the pro
ducer is exposed to the rapacity of the transportation
companies, and afterward to the mismanagement or
worse of the commission men.-
The double evil cannotSbe successfully combated
by individual fruit-grower*. It will require the
united efforts of all to accomplish the full measure
o o
o o
? CLOAKS AND SUITS, |
° BLACK AND COLO2ID DRESS GOODS, °
? 2
1 1142=1146 Market Street. ?
? ?
o , o
? 4
o San Francisco, Monday, January 15, 1900, °
° we will place before the public bargains J
? never heard of in order to make room for °
? our large shipments of Spring and Sum- ?
t> mer Goods. £
? ?
t> TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in the latest shades of Qjft nfl I
o grays, former price $20.00, marked down to.. C)!UiUU o
? LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, jQ Cfl 5
? former price $22.50, marked down to iZ-vll ?
o o
o MINK COLLARETTES, former price $8.50, C 7C o
o marked down to vi IJ o
5 MINK COLLARETTES, former price $13.50. Q Cfl ?
° marked down to UiJU ?
? MINK CAPES, former price $17.50, marked |O Cft o
£ down to iZiUU °
A ¦¦_¦"¦¦¦ ." > . .*'
5 MINK CAPES, former price $25.00, marked |g Cft ?
o down to.-. ID'UU ?
? MINK CAPES, former price $30.00, marked Qrt A() o
J down to ZUiUU J
j BLACK SATIN DUCHESS SKIRTS, former yCft |
o price $12.00, marked down to IgJ U ?
? PLAID CLOTH SKIRTS, former price $5.00, j Crt o
? marked down to IiJU o
o LADIES' WRAPPERS, former price $1.50, "TTp J
o marked down to IJ U ?
? LADIES' WRAPPERS, former price $2.00, Q f| p |
? marked down to Sub S
o 500 BOOKS, former price 20c, 25c and 35c. Kft ?
o The entire lot will be closed out at your choice. » JJu °
? • . ?
? . v o
I 1146 Market Street, , |
? Bet. Taylor and Mason. S
2 ' ?
o ?
o I NEW STORE STRICTLY ONE PRICE. °
? o
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.
The Fastest Train Across ths Conti-
nent.
The California Limited, Santa Fe Route.
Connecting train leaves 5 p. ra.. Monday,
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any line to
the East. Ticket office, 623 Market street.
Customs Inspector Appointed.
Port Collector Jackson yesterday ap-
pointed L. Lorenatn from the civil service
eligible list as Customs Inspector. Mr.
L-orenzen is a veteran of the Spanish-
Axnerican war.
AUCTION SALES.
By Chase & Menflenhail— Tuesilay, January It. at 11 o'clock.
Hlirh-c'.ass RoadFters and Trcttere. at 1722 Market street.
Ey Turkish Hug Co.— Thursday. January IS, at 11 a. m and
2 p. m.. Turkish Hues, at Hi Htockton street.
Personally Conducted Excursions.
In Improved wlde-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeping care via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday an-1 Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louts
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday and
Friday. Ticket office, 6IS Market street.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RATES OF POSTAGE— Subscriber. City.
There is no euch thing as second-class
matter through the post to any foreign
countries. If by second-class matter to
Ireland you mean newspapers, periodicals
and the like, the answer to your query is
that the postage on such to all foreign
countries, except Canada and Mexico, is
one cent per two ounces. First-clajss do
mestic postage in the United States is 2
cents per ounce, or fraction thereof.
NAVAL APPRENTICE— C. C. Ingomar,
Cal. By a recent order of the Secretary
of the Navy the age of admission for ap
prentices on United States naval training
ships has been changed from 14 to 15
years minimum and 16 maximum. Ap
prentices who are enlisted on the Pacific
Coast will be given a course of training
at the United States naval training sta
tion, San Francisco, Cal., before being
sent to sea.
DEEPEST MINES— J. H. S.. Bagbys.
The deepest perpendicular mining shaft
in the world fs at Prizilram. Bohemia. It
is in a lead mine and its depth ia about
3500 feet. The deepest coal mine in the
world is near Tourney. Belgium. Its depth
is 3452 feet, but the shaft is not perpen
dicular. The deepest rock salt bore is
near Berlin, Prussia; 4185 feet deep. The
rU-cpest coal mines in England aro the
Dunkirk collieries, which are 2524 feet in
depth. The deepest hole ever bored into
Sentence of Preston A. Blake.
Preston A. Blake, the railway rftail der*
who was detectled abstracting raor.ey
from special delivery letters, was fined
$100 yesterday by United States District
Judge do Haven. Blake was charged with
having opened a letter addressed to an-
other person, and he pleaded guilty.
Gulllet's Ice Cream and Cakes. 9C3 Lark: a
•t. ; tel. East 133. . •
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— 0. J. Hum
phrey of San Francisco Is at the Ebbitt
House; J. C. Calhoune of Los Ar.geles
is at Willards.
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits, 60c Ib, at
735 Market st.. will move back in Febru-
ary to Palace Hotel, 6C9 Marke: st. •
the earth is the artesian -well at Pots
clan; 55W feet deep. The deepest mines
In the United States are said to be th^
lower levels of the Comstock; 2790 feet
below the hoistlr.R works.
has been given the task of getting the
Idea formulated and putting it in prac
tical working order.
Suit has been instituted by a local grocers' associa
tion against a newspaper which had the temerity to
publish a grocers' blacklist. It is not unlikely that
the grocers have the well wishes of a large contin
gent. There are some things that only the grocers
should know.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
of desired relief and justice. For that reason the con
vention at San Jose meets to deal with a matter of im
perative urgency. The task of organizing a union
among so many persons is difficult, but it is not im
possible. Fortunately fruit-growing in California is
in the hands of men of wide experience and a high
degree of intelligence. Many of them have been suc
cessful managers of other lines of business before
they became fruit-growers. They are therefore fully
equal to the work before them, and it will be their,
own fault if something be not done at this convention
which will materially benefit not only their own in
dustry but the welfare of the State as a whole.
18GOLDEN WILL APPEAR.
Another Attraction for the Benefit to
Madame Mueller.
This evening at the Columbia Theater
the Associated Theatrical Managers will
tfve a benefit to lime. Inez Fabbri-
Mueller. No effort is being spared to
make the benefit a marked success and
some of the best talent from each of the
theaters will assist in the programme.
Although a very long list of novelties
had been arranged still another big card
has Just been added. George Fuller
Golden has been Induced to stay over for
a day on his way East from Los Angeles,
where he has been entertaining southern
ers with his famous monologue work.
Golden will have a fund of new laugh
provokers to spring on his unsuspecting
auditors, and he will no doubt prove a
hit on the long line of numbers to appear
to-night. There will be features in both
German and English, and "Casey" will
come along to tell the trials and tribula
tions of his Hibernian friend.
A testimonial benefit will be tendered
the talented young actor, Daniel Edward
Hanlon, at Golden Gate Hall on Thurs
day evening, January 18.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Uailel
on Application.
HI rP nnifll Co™** l^mrth and
CAFE BOYALsh^
*»••••» •i W I 1 1 1« ta Overcoat* and
Valises checked fr«*.
self, the Coroner's jury found that th»
Sutter-street Railway Company was
partly responsible for Bowers' death. Tha
testimony showed that some months ago
Bowers fell from a badly constructed
scaffold and received Injuries to his head
which caused him to commit suicide. The
corporation was aware, according to thn
verdict, that the staging was insecure.
mtttee will do its best to uphold present
conditions, as, in our opinion, the inter
ests of both the wholesale merchants and
the retailers are identical in this respect;
and if any attack is made upon existing
tariff groupings so aa to fostt;r small ship
ments from catalogue houses and depart
ment stores to the coast your committee
may be able to resist the same in the in
terest of the Pacific Coast trade and in
dustriee." .
This communication was addressed to
the Pacific Coast Metal and Hardware
Association sorr-e time ago. The condi
tions have not changed, and the supposi
tion with tha jobbers is that the opinions
of the retailors have not changed. Never
theless a delegation under invitation from
the retailers will po to Chico from this
city to represent the Pacific Coast Job
bers' and Manuafaeturers' Association to
present facts and arguments. The proba
bility is that W. R. Wheeler and A. C.
Rulofson may be present. The Pacific
Coast Retail Hardware Association rep
resents the retail trade of the Sacramento
Valley.
rA7A~SI,OOO IN CASH FREE
! 1 • Can you arranre theee 14 Jubj-
R O M ! bi<Kl lmer » Bo lb( T 'win form th*
_______! tJtl « to cn < cf the beet story pa-
OVZL _. j P*rs tn the land? If «o. you may
W il share in the distribution of JlOOO.
1 j 1 which will b« riven for doing a
H! D |_ I ttttt* work for us. In arranging
r . v | the letters, use them only as
~ZTCZm<, m. ! «*i»ny time* as they appear, and
T 1 T .' N ' no !•«*»¦ c*n be used which doe*
cot »rt*ar. This and ether most
liberal offers are trade to 'IN-
TRODUCE one of the rnoßt interesting monthly
ftory papers !n the United States and f'anaJa.
Th« Current issue contains £> STORIES and a
copy will b* CENT FREC to each person an-
rwertng this acvert»«err.ei*. Try aod get your
rhax» of the 11000. We do not want any of
TOUR money. W e would like you to use a pos-
tal when answering this, with the solution
F^lnly written, arxJ j-our a.t&rt-an in full. You
will hear from ug fey RETURN MAIL. Addr»y»s
THE PARAGON ifOTv-TELT, 22 North \v-llilanx
Street, New York C.ty. M. T.
that time he has been sending out free sampl*
packages t > all who apply. It cured Mlsa
Knusa Callender at No. 130 Oak street. Vin-
cennes, Ind., who, after spending over J5OO with
doctors, had been given up to die. In Prosser.
Nebr.. it cured Mrs. Carl Moritz, a lady of 67.
who had suffered fi£ty-two years. In Fountain
City. Wis., it cure<l Hon. Jacob Sexauer. a
gentleman of 70. who suffered for thirty-three
years. In Perrysburff. Ohio. It cured Mr.
Mich. Muth, a gentleman of 73. In Heron
Lake. Minn., it cured Mrs. John Geehr, who
had suffered for thirty years. Rev. C. Sund
of Harrisville. Wls., tested this remarkable
cure on two members of his congregation, one
who had suffered fifteen and the other twenty-
five years; both wera completely cured. Even
prominent physicians had to admit that
"Gloria Tonic" is a positive succesa, among
them Dr. Qulntero of the University of Vene-
zuela, to whom it was recommended by the
United States Consul. In thousands of other
Instances the result has been the game. It
cured many cases which defied Hospitals.
Drugs, Electricity and Medical Skill, among
them persona over 75 years old.
Mr. Smith will send a trial package abso-
lutely free of charge to any reader of The Call,
for he is anxious that everybody should profit
by his good fortune. It la a remarkable remedy
and there is no doubt but that It will cure
any case of rheumatism, no matter how severe
it may be. Mr. Smith's address in full la
JOHN A. SMITH. 1165 SI'MMERFIELD
CHURCH BUILDING. MILWAUKEE. WIS.
On the theory "that seeing Is believing."
John A. Smith of Milwaukee wsnta everyone
to try his remedy for the cure of rheumatism
at his expense. For that reason he proposes
to distribute 25,000 free sample packages among
all persons sending him their address. Mr.
Smith had suffered all the agony and torture
from rheumatism, tried all tha remedies known
and yet utterly failed to find relief.
At times he was so helpless that he had to
take to morphine and after considerable doctor-
ing he gave up in despair. He began studying
into the dunes of rheumatism and after much
experimenting he finally hit upon a combina-
tion of drugs which completely cured him.
The result was so beneficial to his entire sys-
tem that he called hi« new found remedy
"Gloria Tonic." Those of his friends and
relatives and neighbors suffering from rheu-
matism were next cured and Mr. Smith con-
cluded to offer hla remedy to the world. But
he found the task a difficult one, as nearly
everybody had tried a hundred or more reme-
dies and they couldn't be made to believe that
there "was such a thing as a cure for rheu-
matism. But an old gentleman from Segutn.
Texas, wrote him saying if Mr. Smith would
send him a sample he would try it. but as
he had suffered forty-one years and wasted a
fortune with doctors and advertised remedies
he wouldn't buy anything more until he knew
it was worth something. The sample was
sent, he purchased more and the result was
astonishing. He was completely cured. Thl«
gave Mr. Smith a new Idea, and ever since
82 Years o? Afte. Entirely Cured of Rheumatism After Havinj Suf l'ered 12 Years
THERE is a little girl In town who
has romped with the boy King
of Spain and has been compli
mented for her wondrous gift of
song by England's Princesses— a little
girl whose picture hangs In a Queen's
boudoir and who has written a poem
bo tender and bo touching that Cassals,
the great cellist, has set the words to
music. This marvelous child Is Mignon
Palmer, daughter of the famous song
bird, Emma Nevada,
Mignon is 13 years old, a blgr, romp
ing, happy girl, with so many talents
and wondrous gifts that her proud
parent and the friends who come In
contact with her Involuntarily lower
their voices when they speak of her
and call down a blessing on her sun
ny head. Mignon is not a prodigy.
A prodigy Is a youthful , con
ceited, abnormal being that blares up
for a brief moment and then splutters
out. Emma Nevada's daughter is a
wonderfully gifted creature, healthy
both in mind and body, who sings be
cause melody is in her and writes be
cause her soul is overflowing with
poetry. She is as unconscious of her
rare gifts as is a flower of its beauty.
She is full of vigorous life; she Is a
genius.
Little Mignon does all things well.
Her mind knows no mediocrity. She
paints, she models, she writes and she
sings. Those who have heard her sing
ing voice vow she will make such an
artist as the world has never known.
Those who have read her stories stand
in wonderment before the output of the
child's mind.
Mme. Nevada says: "My child shall
be a singer and the world will stand
still to listen to her." Dr. Palmer, the
child's happy father, says: "Our
daughter Is a genius." Little Mignon
herself says: "I love to sing and oh,
I love to write — sad tales that make
you creep and want to cry— and I lov«
to typewrite."
A typewriter is Mignon's latest toy.
It is her latest novelty and therefore
Sore Spot
Eye=G3asses
Can t>e bought anywhere, but our clip*, which
Tt the nose without a slip or pinch, can only be
tad of us.
Ocu!;*t«' prescrlrtlor.s filled. Quirk repair-
tr.g. Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS 4 H nTDGr^ APWIWTUS -
KHflTO^ SCIENTIFIC
642 Market St. instruments
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TOWNS IN
IDAHO ARE
UNDER WATER
Lives Lost and Valuable
Property Ruined in the
Flooded District.
HOUSES SWEPT AWAY
KENDRICK. Idaho. Jan. 13.— A* a
result of the sudden flood In the
Potlatch River three lives are
known to have been lost and tta.n
are expressed for others. Twenty
houses here have been swept
away, stores are flooded, railroad tracks
and bridges have been swept away and
many people have fled to the adjacent
hills. Street Ccmmissioner Hamblin anil
family tried to escape from the flooded
district in a buggy. The vehicle was
overturned and three children wer?
drowned Mr. Hamblin was brought to the
bank after a daring rescue by John tanner,
Mrs. Hamblin being found this morning
on the top of a dwelling, half-dead from
exposure and anguish.
The flood carried away half the ware
house of the. Kendrick Grain Company,
in which was stored 50.000 bushels of
wheat. At midnight the flood began to re-
ARE YOU INTtRESTED IN OIL?
If you are yon can't afTonJ to be without
The Derrick and Drill, a new twelve-page
•w**kly paper to be published in Fresno by
L. W. Gentry and devoted to the oil Industry
of California. This is the only oil paper in
the State that has gone to the expense of per-
manently employing reliable correspondents In
every oil district In the Btate especially to
represent it. The first issue, which will ap-
pear February L will contain a general de-
s-rir rive end statistical article from every oil
district and 100,000 copies will be issued. Sub-
scription, tl a year; six zoontha, %2; single
copies, 13 cent*. iMPTtI
W BITE ASH STEAM COAL, ¥hb e BlaS
DJAMONIt COAL MINING CO.. at lt« GREEN
KlVj;n COLLIERIES. >• the Erct Coal la til*
market. Office and Vaitf*—- CO Main street.
&TATIONEV AND PRINTER.
"ZSff 1 ' PARTRIDGE *• c *£22 ta
PRINTINX
F T ITTIiIfTFS PRINTER.
IR >N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY. X. on A iESXi
«t. Cartings of i:\-ry Description Mad* to
Order. Tel. Black litS.
papi » nr.At.f>!t<L
U'll I iKFTTF PULP ATCD paper co..
V JLLAiILI 1C 722 Montgomery «t.
Bflze the opportunity to replenish your
household silver, to invest In a fine dia-
mond or a perfectly made, reliable time-
keeper, at Kinp. Moss & Co.'s auction sale.
CH9 Market rtrtet. Palace Hotel block.
Never in San Francisco's history ha« such
an unsurpassable jewelry stock been of-
fered for public competition. Come and
bring your friends. Don't for&et. Sales
daily at 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m. •
FURS.
t If f fIFCTAn 4 *••">» *.. «***"* L«t»«'
J. i% LUr^IAU, ,4 y |^ \ow#tt pfie*t. ••fnod»linj
COAU COKB AND PIO IRON.
T T WII SflV *f A W0 B * tter T Street.
J-\r nlLjlhl tt \At', Telephone Main ISM.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAS PfIVFS£rA £h!ppln* Butcher*. 104
JA> DUltid CU . Clay. Tel. Ma:n 12U
Self-respect is on pood terms with the
Old Government "Whisky. . .• '
Railroad Compan Censured.
In rendering Its verdict yesterday In the
case of Carl H. Bowers, who shot hlm-
A Close Shave.
"I quite enjoyed my baptism of fire, 18
how Lieutenant Danks (wounded at
Elandslaagte) commenced a letter to his
father, the vicar of Morton, Gainsbor
ough. "It was the most exciting four
hours I ever spent, and the sensation of
being fired at was most quaint. I was
not nit until the very end, I am glad to
say; In fact, not until after we had
charged, so that I saw the whole show.
It was during the charge I wa» bowled
over. I must say at the time I thought
I was done for, as I was knocked clean
over, like a rabbit. Some of the narrow
shaves fellows had were simply wonder
ful. One had six bullets through his
clothes and was not scratched."— London
Mail.
Asks Damages for Her Son's Death.
Mrs. Margaret Gough, administratrix of
the estate of her son, John P. Qough,
filed suit yesterday against Bode & Haz
lett, owners of the Arizona Bonded Ware
house, to recover $25,000 damages. Plain
tiff alleges that the deceased was em
ployed by the defendants and that
through their negligence he met his death
on February 2S, IS9B, through the falling
of several bales of cotton which had been
improperly piled.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
C.-ediL M. Rothschild, 534 Post St. •
vis!* OR JORDAN'S great 6
G3USEUK GF fiNATOHY^
ty^ The L»ix*"-t Anatomical Museum in the T
iiTft^,^ Worid >W»knei'.e* of Any cumr*cted M
gXZEzfi dsxas« yf«lUt«-ly r»r»< hy thf olcett T
fl»&?5 CR. JORDAN-PRIVATE 01SEASES 4
F(jS^2 Co»««ilt»tion fire «r.d «n-n y i-r:»a* \
t l/^i/f Tn fmtnl perv>na!.y or bjr letter. A A
1 flr 01 II /*»'¦»< (W:: c»f.-> a>«u^f-i,ci. T
if I Ilo> U r :<¦'.¦,• Ii ii pnn.usiicuvci A
• tt I* URllibK, 1-Aii.Fo puss. 'AT
A 71, vtlu&^le book for n.r:.i \
DB JOCDAK A CO. 1051 Market Ht.,B. F. 9
ST. LOUIS IN THE FIELD.
Representatives of the Middle West
to Attend Retail Hardware
Association Meeting.
Frank N. Johnson of St. Louis and three
other representatives of the Jobbing trade
of St. Louis will be at the meeting of the
Pacific Coast Retail Hardware Associa
tion at Chico next Thursday. Mr. John
son Is the traffic manager of the Simmons
Hardware Company of St. Louis, and he
k ls well known as a hard worker with the
railroads in the Interests of St. Louis
The annual proceedings of the retail hard
ware men will be made lively by the visit
of the St. Louis men and what may fol
low. The purpose of the Middle West men
is to try to convince the retailers that
their interests are rather with St. Louis
than with San Francisco and other Pacific
Coast Jobbing centers. The retailers have
already put themselves on record In a
communication signed by President John
C. White and Secretary J. M Berry aa
?££°?£!t t ?i,i h & cc t axi * e8 in situa
tion that the St. Louis people are seeking
A part of the communication referred to
was as follows: "We hope that y«»ur corn-
and embrace a libretto for a grand
opera, a four-act historical play, some
poems and many short stories. Her
stories posses unusual descriptive pow
er. They are brief and concise.
Next to the child Nevada Is her
daughter's severest critic. All the
child's stories are first read to the tal
ented mother. "If mamma likes them,"
says the infant genius, "I know they
are good. Then I read them over again
and when I feel satisfied with them I
write 'finis.' " •
girl has traveled extensively. Bhe has
moved in a set. that has known some of
the greatest minds of all Europe. She
has been reared In an atmosphere of
music. Ambroise Thomas, the com
poser of "Mignon," is her godfather.
Mme. Marches!, the celebrated vocal
instructress, is her godmother. Her
talented mother, though never having
given her a course of vocal instruction,
has always been near to correct any
fault that She might acquire and her
father has watched with all his trained
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/
Rheumatism Cured by a Simple Remedy That You May Try
Without Spending a Gent-Cured Many Gases
of 30 and 40 Years' Standing.
NEVADA PAYS
VISIT TO HER
ALMA MATER
Informal Reception at
Mills College.
>
RENEWS PLEASANT MEMORIES
GREAT SINGER IS GIVEN VERY
HEARTY WELCOME.
Declares the Events of the Afternoon
Have Been the Source of
Unlimited Pleasure
to Her.
- >
Oakland Office San Francico Call.
9SO Broadway, Jan. 13.
Mills College welcomed back to-day un
ostentatiously but heartily one of its
greatest alumnae, Mme. Emma Nevada,
the prima donna. It was the homecoming
of the great singer, who, with the memory
of great ovations still with her, felt, as
she said, the keenest delight in viewing
again the scer.es of those happy school
yt-ars and in meeting once more the old
est and truest friends of her life. The sim
plicity of the reception made the return
doubly delightful. Mme. Nevada, ac
companied by her little daughter, Mignon,
her husband. Dr. Palmer, Miss Mignon's
governess and a faithful servant of many
years, was driven up the avenue to the
college doors. And when Mme. Nevada
alighted it was to be greeted by Just such
a bevy of girls in cap and gown as she
had once known there, by the old white
a.r.d gold of the college colors, by a pro
fusion of marguerites, the college flower,
and lastly by her old friend who has
watched with so much pride the school
girl grow to the renowned songstress-
Mrs. Mills herself.
The college, doors swung open to the
ring of the familiar yell and the diva as
she entered the reception rooms could
scarcely see the decorations put there for
her eye for the tears that her emotions
called forth. Then for an hour, standing
beside Mrs. Mills, she met the girl stu
dents who crowded around to greet her
and for each she had some little thought
prettily expressed.
The assembly hall was the scene of the
reception, which was followed by a brief
address by Mme. Nevada. It was an Im
promptu speech, the singer not having
planned to cay or sing anything. Bhe re
viewed, by request, her visit to Victoria,
to the Queen of Spain and the scene when
because she was an American ehe was
hissed in a Spanish theater. In closing
she pointed out to her hearers the value
of making the most of their present op
portunities and of keeping always in after
life to the high standard set by the college
and its honored head. She sang for the
girls, too. First a bit from some, opera,
and then "Listen to the Mocking Bird,"
the song that she had sung in the Fame
room when she was a student and the
stage was a dream of the future. Her
voice was not new to her audience, for.
with the exception of eight girls, all had
heard hrr the day before, when over 150
young ladies went from the college to San
Francisco as her guests at the Friday
afternoon concert. After an enthusiastic
round of applause Miss Mignon was al
lowed to sing, choosing the "Swaneo
River." the college girls Joining In the
chorus,
Mme. Nevada recited some verses and
read a little original story, "Sweet Vio
lets," which she had dedicated to Mrs.
Mills. All sang "America" then aud
"Home. Sweet Home."
Luncheon followed and was partaken of
In a dining-room bright with college
pendants. Luncheon ilnlshed, Madame
Nevada, tired with her trip and the ex
citement of the morning, retired to Mis.
Mills' private Bittfng-room, where she
ratted and talked with her old friend.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon the students
lined the hallways as Madame Nevada en
terea a carriage and gave the college yell
as a farewell. There were flowers in
abundance, and the pendants were brave
ly swung. At the little station the se
r.iors, in their mortar boards and flowing
robes, gathered and gave the final good
by as Madame Nevada disappeared from
view with her former class and room
mate, Mr?. W. E. Sharon.
On the way Into Oakland Madame Ne
vada, while very tired. Bald that the day
had been the most enjoyable in her ex
perience.
FRUIT men banqueted.
• The California Fruit Canner3' Associa
tion gave a banquet to its superintendents
of plants at the Merchants" Club. Califor
nia and Sansome streets, last night. An
elaborate menu waa served, the guests
being seated at one Ions; table, which was
prettily decorated for the occasion. Presi
dent M. J. Funtana, being a Supervisor,
was obliged to leave early to attend the
banquet Riven by Mayor Phelan to the
city officials at the Palace, and Vice Pres
ident Sidney M. Smith presided in his ab
sence. Toasts were responded to by J.
W. Kelson. J. H. Morse. \V. H. Wright,
R. J. Bentley, Philip Busch and F. A.
Dixon. Those present were: T. B. Daw
son. Wi 11. Wright. J. S. Cowan. 11. N.
Rowley, J. H. Morse. I* Gaume, L. Rlch
ter, Philip Busch. Robert IJster. F. H.
Greene. W. A. Cboate. F. A. Dixon.
George Emery, William Van Alen. A. t\
Hodges. D. Cerutl. A. Cerutl. G. Cerutl,
A. L. Smith. Fred Brennan, E. B. Knight.
William Thomas, Sidney M. Smith. M. H.
Heeht. William B. C. de Fremery. Fred
Tlllmann Jr.. S. L. Goldstein. Percy Mor
fan, Alex R. Williamson, K. Greenebaurn.
I. J. Fontana, R. J. Bentley and J. W.
Nelson. '
EMMA NEVADA'S DAUGHTER
SINGS BETTER THAN HER MOTHER
At One Dollar per share stock in either the California Standard
Oil Company or Giant Oil Company can now be secured. Control-
ling, as they do. 1300 acres patented land in the heart of the McKit-
trick district, and their first well producing 150 barrels per day, with
a record of over 250 barrels under increased pumping pressure with-
out apparent dimir.ishment of the supply, the directors will now
oner a limited number of shares at the above price, the money thus
received to be expended in further development. The California
Standard and Giant Companies are fully equipped with all necessary
machinery, having three Standard rigs of their own, oil and water
pipes, and immense storage tanks directly at the depot. Twenty-two
men are employed on the three new wells, which are now down close
to the Oil Sand, and, with others being drilled, it is safe to say the
production will soon rival that of the largest companies in the State.
WE MEAN WHAT WE SAY— only a limited amount of stock will
be sold at $1.00 per share. Permits to inspect the wells and prop-
erty of the company can be had at any time. Daily trains commence
Monday, January 15.
California Standard Oil Company,
Ciant Oil Company,
OFFICES:
Room 16. 26. Floor, Mills Bids, 460 Eighth Street,
San Francisco, CaL Oakland, Cal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
cede slowly, but there Is BtlU tlirea feet
of water In the store. •
JULIAETTE. Idaho. Jan. 13.— Railroad
men cay that for miles along the Pot
latch there Is no vestige of track, ties or
roadbed. Some believe the Northern Pa
cific will not be able to run trains over
this branch before March. A man Just
arrived from Ferguson's Camp, on the
Potlatch, six miles below here, says the
flood carried away the tents, provisions
and everything movable. All the men ar«
safe. This Informant says every bridge
and every yard of track between Jullaette
and the Clearwater River has been
washed out.
PEXDLETON, Or.. Jan. 13.— The rains
and warm weather during the past two
daj-9 have melted the snow in the moun
tains. .Last night the Umatllla lUver r033
six feet, and continues rising. At Thorn
Hollow, eighteen miles east, a railroad
culvert washed out and the river spread
all over the bottoms. Extensive damage
to railroad and wagon bridges Is feared.
Annual g*>
Sale of ijg€
Furs. Jllii
We zre offer- is^&rtlesia
At 25 Per Cent Jjf 1 •
R e m o deling \ *
end Repclnng.
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable Fn rriprQ
Mar.uractur n^ ru Triers,
121 Pest Street, Roons 7 tc 11.
/f /S *T^^ . Are you one of that number? If you are, let me tell you that lam receiving letters every day . x^"^
VJ n\ from just such people, who, describing their case, ask if I can help them. They have tried one thing ' L
H and another, but all with the same results — failure. It matters not whether you suffer from rheu- " £§f^ $v% \
Li>T matism, sciatica, lumbago, lame back or varicocele, for lam happy to say that jgjf tg^; |p <4J W
(jZ&zK ' have a cvr © for them all— one which has been in use for the last thirty years, and known as the W% lp\|i /^^^\
fllf DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT. JS^#M ISP
|T* By the use, of my Belt the Electricity is forced in a mild, pleasant current into all parts of Mi±~^r% M^{%^ j^
N the body, and the patent felt electrode covers prevent that Burning or Blistering so objectionable in' Sl§ss*?^§P^^ \
\. M other Belts. My latest 1900 model Belt is the only appliance of its kind to-day, and if you will call at '^PPfß^litbs. Vv V</
\JJLL^ my °^ lee ' wi " S !ad 'y explain it to you and let you test the current, or, if it is inconvenient for you to s^*yo^S&slio%%^ V N/J*^"
"V V^ C L allf Send for ™y bookl <<THREE CLASSES OF MEN," which tells all about my appliances and how y'
Jf \ they are used. Office hours— 9 to 6 ; Sundays 10 to 1. /^^^^W^^^^^^^W^ I^V h
DR. T. A. SANDEN * a third street,
' \k . ™ ' SAW FRAIiCISCQ CAL* "*r<r «^^— ml Lxc/d lQn'^'' ' 7^ I #^
iJ 'X \ U9K SOUTH SPRINO STREET, LOS ANGELES, CAL. RUSSEL BUILDINO, PORTLAND, JOR. . L X
19
Bhe loves It with a consuming passion.
Its metallic tinkle makes her rounded,
soft cheek glow and her pure blue eyes
shine and her long, slim fingers tingle
with desire. She loves variety. Since
her birth Mignon has enjoyed unusual
advantages, all of which have tended
to cultivate her many gifts. The little
skill over the welfare of her health.
Mignon has never sung, royalty ex
cepted, to any one outside of her own
family. When she was seven years old
she Bang: for the Queen Regent of
Spain, the boy King and the royal
Princesses. HervphotogTaph hangs be
side that of the little royal Alphonso
In the Queen's boudoir. A few years
ago Princess Victoria heard the little
girl's ¦ wondrous voice. Last year
Queen Victoria gave Mme. Nevada an
audience that In reality was an infor
mal reception. She spoke of the sing
er's gifted daughter and expressed the
hope that she might hear her King.
A royal wish is a command. Mlg-non
will sing for England's Queen this
spring. Her. Majesty, as a mark of
her favor, presented Mme. Nevada
with a Jeweled Victoria cross.
Mignon's literary compositions cover
an extensive field. They are written In
French, the little girl's native tongue.lap Kearny St.
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
Eafe letter delivery for Nome, via St. Michael,
Etartlng: Jan. 25. via Kodlak; limit Vi oz. ; {5 per
letter. Mohns & Kaltenbach. 29 Market Bt. *
Retiring From Business — A piano at your own
price. Don't neglect this opportunity. First-class
pianos only. W. C. Hamilton. 324 Post street. •
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cameo Novelties
Bargains.
It'» Worth Toar
Coming Just to See.
Great Americaß ImDortlßir Tea Co.
Stores ISverywliere.
zoo Stores.
™» REMOVAL
*»¦> DEPARTURE
THE ENTIRE STOCK of the
Turkish Rug Go.
¦WILL. BE SOLO OUT
AT PEREMPTORY AUCTION
Commencing THURSDAY, Jan. 18,
At 11 a. a and 2 p. m.
At 149 STOCKTON ST.,
Corner Geary. Opposite the City oC Paris.
This new building has been secured for t&!a
Important tale.
GOODS OX VTETW WEDNESDAY
January Bargains
J CD
Ladies' Wool Vests
Monday morning we shall place on sale a special pur-
chase of ladies' swiss ribbed white wool vests which will
be the greatest bargain ever offered in our underwear
department. These goods will be sold at the following
extraordinarily low prices : \
qqc for low neck and no sleeves
*7Qc for high neck and short sleeves
qQc for high neck and long sleeves
Closing out embroideries
Regardless of the recent advances in the price of em-
broideries we will sell at greatly reduced prices all our odd
and broken sets of embroideries during the coming
week in order to close them out before stock taking.
Silk waists and skirts reduced
Extensive reductions have been made in silk waists
and skirts In order to close out odd lines; fancy silk waists
reduced from $8, $9 and $10 to $6.75; fancy silk skirts
reduced from £8.50, $9.50 and $10 to $6.75.
Madras Curtains
Three yards long and 40 inches wide with fringed ends;
cream ground and cross Roman stripes in many different
colors,-^ ; ;,;
? . pl.J s a pair
Best $1.00 glove in San Francisco
Our two-clasp glace and suede gloves with embroidered
backs in fancy and staple shades are the best gloves sold
in America at the price; every pair is guaranteed and will
be fitted if desired. . •
A pessimist Is a man who Is always dis-
satisfied with his own satisfaction.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism & neuralrfa.
Druggists. tOe rask. Richards & Co. 4C6 Clay.
Bank Safe Bobbed.
BUFFALO. N. V., Jan. 13.— A special to
the News from Nunda says: Five men
broke into the bank at Rushford early
this morning. The. safe was blown open
with dynamite. The amount obtained Is
not yet known.
COMING TO SAN FRANCISCO.
Italian Cruiser to Touch Here on Her
Way to China.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her-
aid. Copyrighted. 1900. by James Gordon
Bennett.
LIMA. Peru, Jan. 13.— The Italian cruiser
Calabria arrived at Callao to-day. She
will remain there a few days and then
proceed to San Francisco on her way to
China. The commander and officers of
the cruiser, with the Italian Consul, called
upon President Romana this afternoon.
Killed by Her Brother.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 13.— Maggie Lar
sen, the 6-year-old girl who was acciden
tally shot In the face by her 15-year-old
brother at College Grove yesterday, died
this morning at the Good Samaritan Hos
pital. The brother who did the shooting
is frantic with grief. He was playing
with a loaded pistol and it was discharged
full in the face of the child. The bullet
lodged In the brain.
"There Are Two Briggs."
You have read of Dr. Brlggs, the noted
divine, the controversy respecting whom
roused the interest of the entire conti
nent. But have you heard of "Herman
Brlggs the Great," the most celebrated
Jewelry auctioneer in America? His prac
tical training as a Jeweler, comblnedwith
his deep knowledge, rare eloquence and
ability as an orator, make him reliable as
a guide in the purchase of high-class
Jewelry, as well as a past master in lend
ing charm and entertainment to an auc
tion room. You can hear him twice .ally
at 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m., at King'
Moss & Co.'s diamond sales. 639 Market
street. Palace Hotel block. Come and bo
entertained if you do not wish to buy
Seating accommodations for ladies. •
500 pieces Checked Glass Linen, 20 Inches wide,
red and hlue checks, assorted— price.. 10c Yard
250 pieces Plain and Twilled Toweling, 18 Inches
wide, all pure linen 12^ Yard
dlcate that General Lord Roberts has rec
ognized, the Importance of General
French's objective, namely, to obtain com
mand of both bridges across the Orange
River, and has hastened to send him re
inforcements. It is also thought, to par
tially confirm the suggestion, that Gen
eral Buller's plans include synchronous
moves in all the spheres of operation.
? — '
GENERAL JOUBERT A
SKILLED TACTICIAN
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted. 1900, by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON, Jan. 13,— A German officer,
talking to me to-day on Boer tactics
especially those conducted by General
Joubert, said: "Joubert Is a skilled mod
ern tactician, deriving the best of his
schemes from Yon Moltke, of whom he
Is an ardent admirer and with all of
whose writings he Is thoroughly conver
sant.
The attacking forces," he said, "around
Ladysmith, Mafeklng and Klmberley aro
placed according to Yon Moltke"s most ap
proved ideas, on three sides, which is. to
day reckoned the best method and surest
means of investing with the smallest num
ber of troops. Those were the means
adopted both at Koniggrapz and Sedan.
As to German officers they have done
nothing In a technical way, their efforts
being entirely confined to the artillery,
which has practically taken no hand In
tactics. .
"Joubert could give points almost to
any member of the Krieg Academle. "Were
he in the German army to-day he would
stand In point of knowledge in the high
est position."
TOWELS.
Bleached Huck Towels, full
size and all pure' linen,
Irish manufacture
$2 Dozen
Bleached Huck Towels,,col-
ored horders and hemmed,
size 22x43 inches
$2.50 Dozen
Bleached Huck Towels, hem-
med, hemstitched and
fringed; extra size
$3 Dozen
Bleached German Damask
Towels, hoth colored Bor-
ders and plain white, size
21x45 Inches $3 Dozen
Full Bleached German Huck
Towels, all pure white and
hemstitched.... s3.so Dozei
Hemmed Huck Towels, ex-
tra large size and vern
heavu aualltu $4 Dozen
NAPKINS.
Bleached Damask Napkins
(Irish manufacture), full
23 Inches sauare. .$2 Dozen
Bleached Damask Napkins
(full (louhle Damask), 24
inches sauare.. $2.50 Dozen
Bleached Damask Napkins
(douhle satin Damask),
full 25 Inches sauare.. . .
• •• $3 Dozen
Bleached Damask Napkins
(26 inches sauare), Doth
Irish and German man-
ufacture, extra heavn
aualltu $3.50 Dozeir
Bleached Damask Napkins,
extra fine aualltu and
veru handsome designs,
size Ul ....$4.50 Dozen
Bleached Damask Napkins,
extra size and satin Da-
mask, all new designs....
•. * --.$6 Dozen
"While Buller Prepares for the Supreme Struggle to Relieve Ladysmith a
Rumor Circulates That He Has Again Met Defeat.
LONDON, Jan. 14, sa. n>.— The veil concealiog tj)e theater of war frorry tbe aoxious eyes of Great Britaio and U)e
rest of trje world is still unlifted. It is impossible to doubt that trjis absolute closing ,of all tbe channels of infor
mation is due to the censorship, the strictness of wtych has been redoubled since the landing of Lord Roberts
and Lord Kitchener, concerning whom nothing has transpired since the announcement of their arrival at Cape Town
four days ago.
Tbe War Office stated at midnight that no furtber news from tbe front -bad been received, and none from any
other source \)qs come to band during the night, fls usual, wben news is scarce, the rumor-mongers have been busy.
The latest story floated was tbat intelligence bad reached headquarters of the Scots Guards that General Bul
ler had again sustained a serious defeat Inquiry at Wellington barracks showed that, wbile such a rumor bad
reached there, it was neitber official nor in any form deserving of. credence.
BRITISH PRESS CENSORS
SUPPRESS ALL WAR NEWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
IN
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
We show below the choices
furniture bargain of the year.
— H w II Jl -^^J k-V:
This Furniture Set, In Hardwood-
Antique Oak— Bevel Mirror— a hand-
some, solid bit of furni- {._ f\{\
ture 3>IS»U"
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/0/7-/023 Mission sT/tzer,
fJbovs Slxtb.
Pn«a» Bouth 14, Oj«a Er«!a jj.
Send for Xow Illustrated Catalog.
:: Palace and
:: Grand Hotels
' \Vitn added taDrovements and con-
? veniencea they continue to be th» head-
? ««arters for tourists and travelers vU-
ttlng San Francisco.
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK.
? Manager.
Ambulance Corps Under Fire at the Battle of Willow
20
LOXDOX, Jan. 14.— The
excitement here has again
reached the boiling point.
What is going on in the neigh
borhood of the Tugela? How is
Buller faring? Has another bat
tle been fought, or is it going
on? These are questions that
are being asked.
We know nothing more than
was reported in the official dis
patch of yesterday, that the pont
at Potgieters Drift had been
seized by Buller's men. While
that little bit of news has had a
very cheering effect here, every
body is terribly anxious. All
know very well that if a big fight
is not going on the combatants
must be on the eve of what * will
surely be a much more stubborn
battle than the last. But the
press censor is keeping every
thing back, whatever that may
be, not a line from any source
having come through.
Meanwhile, of course, military
men are talking and examining
maps in clubs and discussing
what General Buller may be do
ing, or what he ought to do, and
so forth. The military expert of
the Westminister Gazette, who
viding his forces more than is
absolutely necessary. When the
news comes, therefore, it will
surely be of an attack either at
the Drift or Colenso."
From Cape Colcmy comes an
interesting little bit of news re
cording another success for Gen
eral French. On the 9th inst. he
was successful, under cover of
heavy artillery fire, in occupying
a strong position on the eastern
flank of the Boers. It is also re-
five hundred to Nine Elms,
the streets were thronged with
people. All windows were filled.
Flags, in most cases the Union
Jack and Stars and Stripes to
gether, waved over the heads of
After the final ceremony of
farewell in Guildhall the crowd
completely lost their heads. So
insistent were the well meant at
tentions of the multitude that
the formation of the volunteers
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FRIED ONIONS
Indirectly Caused the Death of the
World's Greatest GreneraL
Jt ib a matter or history that Napoleon
¦was a gourmand, an Inordinate lover of
tho pood thlnps of the table, and history
further records that his favorite dish was
fried onions: his death from cancer of
stomach, it Is claimed also, was probably
caused from his excessive Indulgence of
this fondness for the odorous vegetable.
The onion Is undoubtedly a whole-
rome article of food. In fact has many
medicinal qualities of value, but It would
be difficult to find a more Indigestible ar-
ticle than fried onions, and to many peo-
ple they are simply poison; but the onion
does not stand alone In this respect. Any
article of food that is not thoroughly di-
tested becomes a source of disease and
discomfort whether It be fried onions or
beefsteak.
The reason why any wholesome food Is
not promptly digested is because the
ftomach lacks some Important element of
digestion, some stomachs lack peptone,
others are deficient in gastric Juice. Btlll
others lack hydrochloric acid.
The one thing necessary to do In any
ease of poor dlgestlcn Is to supply those
elements of digestion which the stomach
lacks, and nothing does this co thorough-
ly and safely as Stuart'g I>yspepsla. Tab-
lets.
Dr. Richardson In writing a thesis on
treatment of dyspepsia and Indigestion
closes his remarks by saying: "For those
suffering from acid dyspepsia, shown by
pour, watery risings, or for flatulent dys-
pepsia shown by gas on stomach, causing
heart trouble and difficult breathing, as
•well as for all other forms of stomach
trouble, the safest treatment Is to take
cne or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
after each meal. I advise them because
they contain no harmful drugs, but are
composed of valuable digestives, which
act promptly cpon the food eaten. I never
knew a case of Indigestion or even chronic
dyspepsia which Stuart 1 * Tablet* would
rot reach."
Cheap cathartic medicines claiming to
cure dyspepsia and Indigestion can have no
*ffect whatever In actively digesting tho
Xood and to call any cathartic medicine a
cure for Indigestion Is a misnomer
Every druggist In the Unted States and
Canada sells Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and they are not only the safest and most
successful but the most scientific of any
treatment for Indigestion and stomach
NL^VAjAviy TIT t
There Is nothin* like ELECTRICITY to put
IXm. vim end vleor Into weak men or women
>rus« cive but temporary relief; act merely as
1 stimulant, but Electricity nice to all weak
>arti< of tbe body, tmcartins nature's force
hereto tod doing the required work surely and
n a permanent manner. If "run down" in
i^alth aiid etrenrth you had better try Elec
rlclty. Use an Electric Belt, for that Is the
>cst method fit applying It; but be sure you get
1 good one while you are about It; in short, try
'Dr. Plero*>." for It 1* guaranteed to be' the
x"rt Electric Belt on earth.
Cy ßooklet No. 2" free at office or sent by
null for a 2c stamp, tells all about it. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
CM Market rtreet. BAN FRANCISCO.
M Tribune Building. NEW TORK.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAI~ T A.YD WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled aad renovated. KINO. WARD A
O. European plan. Rooms, 600 «o fl U> day;
5 to $8 week: tS to (20 month. Free oaths; hot
.r.fi cold water every room; fir* crates In every
*oom; elevator runs all nifht.
Just a Sample
We quote below a few prices on '
fashionable.seasonable SHOES, broken
lots and odd sizes I These are but a few
of many good things In store for you at our
Semi- Annual
Clearance Sale.
ifiiiiiii S "m^mmm
Ladies' Red Felt Romeos, sizes Chlld ? Kl £ B"«on,B "«on, Double Ex-
3to 8 80c ten sion Sole, sizes 7to 7 X A.. 050
Ladies' Black Satirj Slippers* sizes Bto io!4. .$l.lO
sizes 3to 8 75c Ladies' Fine Box Calf. Lace
Ladies' Red Satin Romeos, and Button, wide coin t0e... 51.90
quilted, sizes 3t07, C, D and Little Gents' Box Calf Lace,
* Wlde •• ••• $1-20 sizes 9to 13^ ..$1.20
AjLO/SfyS 738 " 740 Market St.
is considered among military
readers as one of the shrewdest
now writing for the press, re
marks: "The distance from Co-
Lenso to Potgieters Drift is about
twenty miles. The country is
rough and intricate, and conse
quently the Boers, with all their
mobility, will find difficulty in
rapidly transferring their forces
to meet the British attack, as not
till the last minute will they be
able to know whether Buller is
counting on crossing at Potgiet
ers Drift or at Colenso itself.
"It will be remembered how,
at the battle of Colenso, after
Hart was repulsed, Boers were
seen galloping to westward to
make up a party for fighting
against Hilyard's brigade. Noth
ing of the sort can happen here.
Should the British attack at
either Potgieters Drift or Colen
so fail those who have resisted it
will have little chance of inter
vening on their flank, as surely
Buller is connected with General
Clery at Chieveley by means of
field telepraph, and both attacks
will synchronize.
"It is remarked in some quar
ters that Buller can be only mak
ing a feint of Potgieters Drift
and that the real attack may be
to the eastward. But this is most
unlikely. .It would mean subdi-
ported that the Boers tried to
drive French's men off, but were
beaten off.
The great event here yester
day was the departure of Lon
don's first contingent of volun
teers for the war. London went
mad over her citizen soldiers on
Friday night, but yesterday
morning the excitement reached
a tremendous pitch. Compara
tively early as was the hour
of march of the gallant
was destroyed and ranks were
broken up. Comrades lost each
other in the bustle. Belts broke
adrift and khaki coats were torn.
Men had to make the best of
their way individually or suffer
themselves to be carried on the
shoulders of their admirers right
to the station, where in the
course of time — one, two and
nearly three hours late— they ar
rived in detachments.
It was only the band of the
Queen's Westminsters which
contrived to keep together, and
when they got to the station,
playing selections from "The
Belle of New York," they found
they had played to a contingent
of one man only. The rest were
in the hands of the crowd or
coming to the station inside or
on top of hansoms. London has
never known such a morning. ;
NEW ZEALANDERS FIGHT
IN MOST DASHING STYLE
RENSBERG, Cape Colony. JanX9.— A
strong force of;BritJsh troops advanced
this morning under cover of a~.< brisk ar
tillery fire and encamped at Slingers Fon
tein, on the Boers', eastern flank. The
Boer patrols retired, but subsequently a
body of Boers attempted to seize a posi
tion threatening communication between
the British encampment and Rensberg.
The New Zealanders, with a brilliant
dash, frustrated the attempt. They
raced for and seized " the position flr3t
and fired volleys at the enemy, who re
tired in the direction of Colesbergr.
LONDON, Jan. 13.— The movement of
General French's troops In the vicinity
of Colesberg this morning is taken to in-One of Pittsburgh Most Estimable Business
Men Certifies to the Wonderful
Efficacy of Cuticura.
I was a sufferer for eight years from that most distressing of all diseases,
. Eczema. I tried some of the best physicians in the country, but they did me
g^gztjg^g^ little good. The palm? of my handa were cov-
ir%*.- "'¦^g^. ered, and would become inf!;imed ; little white
I "M^Sxi® blisters at fir3t would appear, then they would
i»k«s=^ilii# peel off, leaving a red, smooth surface which
l^^jß^v&^fytk would burn like fire, and itch ; well, there hno
I jtJzk. *-$$$£&&/ name for it. On the inside of the upper part of
j^g^^*^|r both my limbs, groat red blotches, not unlike
rv^^l^i^^|/ hives, would appear, and as soon as I became
>«|4g|g|ig|pL^ warm, the burning and itching would begin.
.^^^v^^^ Night after night I would lie awoke all night and
/ scmch and all «o?t go wild. I got a bos of
W^^^^^^WP^M 4 Ccxiccba Ointment, a bottle of Ccticura
X^^^^MM>M^^^ J Kesolven * t » and S ave them a thorough trial,
' aD(I after * feW aPPlication3la PP lication3 1 noticed the red-
> riO'/ii±»'/6^/y nes3 and inflammation disappear ; before I had
used one box there was not a sign of Eczema left. I can truthfully a33ert
that $2.00 worth of Cuticcka Remedies cured me.
J. D. PORTE, 423 4th Aye., Pittsburg, Pa.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor,
consisting of CCTICCRA Soap (Zjc.), to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales and softea
the thickened cuticle, Ccticcra Ointment (50c.), to allay itching, irrttaUon, and inflamma-
tion, and Eoothe and heal, and Ccticcra Resolvent (50c.), to cool and cleanse the blood.
A single set 13 often sufficient to cure tho most torturing, disfiguring skin and ecalp hu-
mors, rashes, itchings, and Irritations, with loss of hair, especially of infants and children,
when the best physicians and all other remedies fail. Solci throughout the world. Potter
Decg asd Chem. Corp., Sole Prop?., Boston. " llow to Cure Every Unmor," free.
4jPj|j^>_ BAD COMPLEXIONS, pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rotsgh, oily skin,
JV??p^7 red, rough hands with shapeless nalla, dry, thin, and falling hair, with itchin g, scaly,
i) irrlUted 'calps, prevented byCcTicrßA Medicinal asd Toiixt Soap, th« most
j\ / /<:^ effective ekln purifying and beautifying «oap la the world, aa well as purest and
1 1 a wee test for toilet, bath, asd nursery. Two »oap« coiablaed in ono atone prlc6,2Scb
the acting Chief yesterday, "whom I In
tend to round up without delay. I refer to
the degenerates who live off the earnings
of fallen women. They consist mostly of
thieves, opium "fiends and vagrants, and
they will be sent to Jail unless they give
assurances that they will earn an hon
est living."
TOD SLOAN IN
TOWN AGAIN ON
PLEASURE BENT
Here With "Skeets"
Martin.
NEITHER EXPECTS TO RIDE
Two of the bright particular stars of the
racing firmament dawned on the local
horizon last night, when Jockeys J. Tod
Sloan and J. 11. ("Skeets") Martin arrived
on the evening overland from New York.
Mr. Martin is accompanied by his wife,
and the whole party is here merely on a
pleasure trip.
When seen last night Sloan had consid
erable to say concerning things in general
but little concerning his own plans beyond
stating that he had come out here for rest
and recreation and would in all proba
bility do no riding while on the coast
"I may take a mount or two," he said
but it's a hundred to one I won't. I am
going back to England in a couple of
months or so, and will ride as 1 did be
fore—attached to no particular stable
They have treated me well abroad, and I
like the game there so well that I want
some more of it."
Sloan was asked his opinion about start-
Ing in England as compared with starting
in America, and gave it most emphatically
It was neither complimentary to American
starters nor to American starting gates
He said that the English starter was a
gentleman in every sense of the word and
perfectly honest. In his opinion, the
American starter was neither polite nor
square, as a rule.
"When an English starter tells you a
thing you can depend upon it," said he
"He is perfectly honest. Neither does he
THREATENED RISING
OF CANADIAN INDIANS
Crees May Take Advantage of the
Departure of Mounted Police
for the Transvaal.
MONTREAL. Quebec. Jan. IX— There Is
fear of the Canadian Indians in tho north
west rising owing to the withdrawal of
some of the mounted police for the Trans
vaal. The condition is considered serious.
Clifford Sifton. Minister of the Interior,
and the Commissioner have telegTapheii
to the Indian agents to warn the Indiana
that misconduct on their part will mean a
stoppage of the Government bounty and
any outbreak will be suppressed by force.
The white men and halfbreeda who havo
been doing their best to foment troubla
will be made to leave the country-
The Department of the Interior was In
formed by cipher telesram that a serious
state of affairs exists in the northern por
tions of Assinaboine and Alberta, afons
the Saskatchewan. The Indians of tha
northern districts, principally the Cree3.
it appears, have been taking great Interest
in the South African war and have been
most anxious to get every scrap of news
concerning it.
At first their anxiety to pet news seemed
to be merely that cf members of a fight
ing race who took an interest in any
trouble anywhere, but within a fortnight
affairs have taken on a dangerous aspect.
White men. adventurers of a most unde
sirable type, have been tellinjr the Crees
that the British Government Is dolnsr ex
actly what the Indians believe the Cana
dian Government did in ISSS— that is. at
tempting to steal from the Boers the lands
upon which their fathers lived ar.d which
belong to them just as much as in the
belief of the Cree braves of a decade and
a half ago the whole Northwest belonged
to the red men. The Indian agents and
the mounted police have found the Crees
to be excited by these tales and in some
cases the agents have gone to the trouble
of tryinar to counteract the reports by
getting the aborigines together.
DARK LANTERN
IRK BY THE
SCHOOL BOARD
Salary Talk at Secret
Session.
MERRY ROW IN PROGRESS
WEBSTER QTJARRELS WITH THE
ME2IBERS.
Compromise Is Promised on a Basis
of Two Hundred Dollars
Per Month for
Deputies.
School Director Denman says that tha
controversy over deputies' salaries be
tween the Board of Education and Su
perintendent Webster has been compro
mised. Superintendent Webster says tt
has not, and there the matter stands.
The proposition was discussed at a "dark
lantern meeting" held on Friday, but no
agreement was reached. In fact, noth
ing resulted save a merry little row,
which brought on a premature adjourn
ment.
None of the Directors present at th«
meeting was inclined to allow the depu
ties J2OO a month, the sum demanded by
Webster. Each had a figure of his own.
and his reason for having it and every
reason was emphatically set forth befor©
the meeting was over. Director Casserly
said that no deputy should receive over
J2IQO per year. He declared that a de
mand for $2000 was preposterous, as that
was as large a salary as the Directors
themselves receive. Denman wanted to
allow but SIM per month, and Mrs. Kln
caid held out for the same figure. Presi
dent Mark was willing to allow SC4OO per
year, and after some argument Casaerly
agreed with him.
Superintendent Webster said he was
willing to compromise on that fisrure if
he could do no better, but that he pro
posed to keep up tho fight. Mr. Web
ster's ideas are indorsed by ex-President
Bergerot and moat of the teachers in th»
department, and jr.st now the matter la
being givtn more discussion among tha
teachers than anything that ha 3 cropped
ud for some months.
CLOSE CULL FOR
A BARK 0N THE
POTATO PITCH
The Ferris Thompson
Nearly Wrecked.
ANCHORED IN THE BREAKERS
*
TOWI2) INTO SAFETY BY THE
STEAMZB, HOMER.
Old Barkentine Jane A. Falkenburg
"Will Again Be Put in Commis
sion — Percy Baker At
tempts Suicide.
The old bark Ferris R. Thompson
xrourd up the unluckiest voyaga she has
ever made since she was built, in 1574,
by going on the "potato patch" while
making port early yesterday morning.
Luckily the steamer Homer, bound in
from San Pedro, saw her predicament and
went to her assistance. The big hawser
that was put aboard the Thompson part
ed twice before she was finally got away
Irom her dangerous position. As it was
Ehe was considerably strained and lost
en anchor ar.d chain.
The Ferris S. Thompson left here on Oc
tober 8 in. company with the schooner
American GirL It took the bark sixty-one
days to get to Port Blakeley, while the
American Girl has never been heard from.
Both vessels were caught !n the terrible
southeaster that raged aJong the ccast
for nearly two months and it was only
t^tcr enduring great hardships that the
crew of the Thompson got their vessel
into Puget Sound. When the Thompson
left here she was under charter to go
to Port Discovery and bring back a con
signment of telegraph poles for the West
ern Union Company. The number of poies
•was not stated, but a lump sum was to be
paid tor the freignt. When Captain Murk
got to Port Discovery he found enough
poles awaiting him to load the Thomy
eon three times over. He told the Western
Union Company's agent that he could not
carry all the timbers and the agent an
ewered, "All right, take what you can
ar.d come back icr the remainder."
This arrangement did not suit the cap
tain, as the charter money would bareiy
pay for the round trip. He accordingly
r<r{usifd to take any of the telegraph poies
end went to Port Blakeley to load lum
ber. The Western Union Company is now
trying to charter another vessel to bring
tiown the poles and the chances are tho
old bark will be libeled for any loss the
telegraph company may sustain over and
above the charter price. After getting her
load aboard at Port Blakeley tne Thomp
son tailed for San Francisco on Christ
mas cay. She had over oOO.t/.'y feet of lum
ber aboard and, meeting with contrary
•winds, made a siow passage. Friday night
ehe was off the heads and Captain Murk
etood on and off wailing for daylight.
Durir.s the pre\"alence of the heavy fog
In the morr.ir.g the fc-ark got too close in
and was on the "potato patch" before the
captala and crew were aware cf it. The
anchor was dropped, but the bark was in
a very dangerous position, as the bar was
exceedingly rough and the rollers were
breaking all over the "patch." Finally
the Homer, from San Pedro, came along
and at the third attempt got the Thomp
ton on* and brought htr into port. Alter
discharging her cargo the Thompson will
go on the clrydock for an overhauling.
The old bark took exaclly three months
ii.'.vi live days to make the run to the
{sound and home again.
The ar.cient barkentine Jane A. Falken
burg that was wrecked in the southeaster
that de.ayed the Ferris S. Thompson *s
r.ot going to the beneyard. The Falken
burg v;as abandoned by her crew and later
v as picked up in a waterlogged condition,
with her masts gone, and tuweti Into Es
quirr.auit. The Victoria (B. C> Colonist
l.as this to say about the old vessel:
The Jane A. Fa'.kenburx, which was towed
Into Esauimalt harbor some time a^o In a
waterloEced condit.on and was afterward ac
quired by B&Uen Uroe. ivr a nominal sum. Is
he:ng thoroughly overhauled on the. marine
f'Ap at Ecauimalt. The- vessel's bottom was
Jound to be j<erTect!y sound ar.d her Interior
timbers tif-r* still 60 stout and good that the
firm felt justified in exr*nd!njr a euiflcient sum
tu>on her to r!ac< her in first-class condition.
Fhe H treavil to a new schooner rig. and when
fh« leaves the ways will be equal to a. new
craft. She is Hill ur.-ler American register, and
If not disposed of will proceed to Cape Nome
¦with her earso of lumber, which is non-dutiable
at an American ixsrt.
Percy Baker, a Chinese interpreter liv
ing at 1610 Stockton street, tried *o end
h 1 « life vrlth morphine early >esterday
morr.ing. He was taken to the Haroor
Hospital, where Dr. Starr, after five or
clx hours' work, succeeded In saving hi*
life. Eaker says he took the morphine
because his wife threatened to leave him
ilrs. Baker was down to see her husband
early in the Jay. l-owever. and l«ronxhl
him a number of delicacies, which Le
devoured vith relish.
Captain "Fred" Jordan, the pilot *vas
the happiest man on the front yesterday
Early In the morning Mrs. Jordan pre
t-ei ten her husband with a beaistirjl Ht
tle daughter. The event was a most agrt-t?
cble surprise to the per.ial captain, as the
youngest child up to the advent of the
Iviby is now 16 years old.
The brig Tanner arrived at Olympia
from San Pf-<iro r*-«tertd3«" aft' r .i .O d
run of eighteen days. The vessel was
recently purchased by Walter S. Scam
ra+l and has been mace over Into a prac
tically new boat. She will bring a load
cf lumber from Olympia to San Francisco.
FERRIS S. THOMPSON BEING TOWED INTO SAFETY BY THE HOMER.
The friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. •
Crandall Acquitted.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 13— The third trial
°f Frank D. Crandall. who phot and killed
Jack Bowman at Ballona Beach, In Sep
ternbfr. lj)i. resulted in a verdict nf ac
quittal to-night. His p i ca « v self-de
rense. .
"The Ravings."
The brightest dramatic writing yet done
by Charlotte Thompson. In yesterday's
Dramatic Review. , * "•
Confederate veterans held a reunion at
Clinton, Mo.
BUNKO MEN WARNED.
Acting Chief Biggy Has Told Them
to Pack Tip Their Traps and Go.
Acting Chief of Police Blggy has started
a crusade against bunko men. and a few
days ago detectives were instructed to
notify them to leave the city under the
penalty of being arrested and thrown in
jail. Yesterday was the last day of grace
given them, and Captain Bohen had a
number of them before him and they all
promised to pack up their traps and take
their departure by last night's trains
Those who remain behind will be prompt
ly arrested.
"There Is another class of men,"- said
Lansing, Mich., has a driveway eighty-
three feet in width.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
MESSENGER McKENNA'S DEATH
A Faithful Custom-House Official
Who Had Passtd His Three
Score and Ten Years.
William McKenna. the old messenger i*
ttie of3ce of Customs Collector Jackson.
<i!ed last Friday evening at his residence.
SOl Guerrero street, after an illness of
e«x*er&l months. Mr. McKenna had been
en old employe cf Christy & Wise, wool
merchants, and was appointed opener and
packer In the Custom-house on January
1. 1535. On September 19. ISS6. he was ai
pointed by Collector Wise as messenger
in the Collector's office, which position he
held up to the time of his death.
In the fall of last year visitors to the
office besran to notice that the old man
was His stop was not so buoypjit
and a look of distress was on his face,
xvhirh began to become pinched and
drawn. As the cold weather came on h*»
rat closer to the coal oil Btcnrv, and seemed
to be withering like a leaf in the sun.
Clerk Jerome observed the old man's dis
tress and advised him to go home and
take care of himself, each employe under
the civil service regulations being- entitled
to thirty days' leave of abserce on ac
count of sickness. Mr. McKenna did «,o,
but he had lost the recuperative power?
of youth and never left his room. He
¦ua* a native of Ireland and In his Bev
cnty-flm year.
Collector Jackson ha? appointed C C
Westovor from the eligible list as mes
senger. Mr. Wcstover is a war veteran.
Eggs without shells are shipped from
Russia to England.
SAYS HE WAS ROBBED
BY A LONE FOOTPAD
Oliver Smith Graphically Describes
How He Was Held Up.
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— Oliver Smith - of
COt Twelfth street was held up by a lone
highwayman, who was masked and
armed, to-night. Tho crime was com
mitted within two blocks ot Washington
street, and at a time when there were
many people abroad.
The victim was on his way home when
the robber stenped out from a doorway
and thrust the weapon under his nose.
"Throw up your hands," commanded
the highwayman. Smith quickly com
piled and was relieved of $3. He was then
told to walk on and not look back. Tho
footpad then disappeared.
Smith notified the police shortly after
ward, but they have no clew on which
to work. Chief Hodgkins-is inclined to
discredit the story, and thinks that
Smith got rid of his money in some other
manner.
WANT A MONUMENT
IN THE PANHANDLE
At a aieetlng of the Lincoln Monument
League held last night. President W. W.
Stone announced that a call would short
ly be issued for a State convention to be
held in the early part of the present year
for the purpose of furthering the project.
The following delegates have signified
their approval of the proposition, and are
now engaged in organizing branches of
the league in their respective counties
and in preparing for the gathering:
Frank W. dishing, Oakland; John T. Har
rington. J. H. Pope, Colusa: Frank H. Short,
Fresno; Peter Van Valer. W. H. Dodda. Kings;
General Harrison Grey Otis, Loe Angeles;
William C. AVallace, Madera; R. L. Porter,
Salinas; 11. A. Gorley, Robert Furlong.' San
Rafael; Miss Lizzie Fox, W. I. Hupp. W. W.
Young. Weavervllle: Richard C. Walrath. Ne
vada City; S. D. Ballou, San Luis Obispo: W.
G. Hawley, San Jose; L. F. Smith, Santa
Cruz; James A. Andres. Vallejo: A. G. Bur
nett. Fred G. N.igle, Santa Rosa; J. L. Wl
nans. I'etaluma; A. D. Duchow, Sonora, Tuol
umnc County; C. W. Thomas, Woodland;
Allen Cooley. Marysville; General A. F. Dili.
Department Commander G. A. It., San Diego:
Harvey Potter. Riverside T. A. Cor.over,
George Puterbaugh, San Diego; Erl Hugglns,
Fort Brags: Kdward Straub, Crescent City;
Kirby S. Mahon. Yuba City; Dr. E. R. Dllle.
Oakland: Anna L. Williams, Modoc County;
Lyman Bridges, San Leandro; George D. Kel
logg. Newcastle; J. G. Joy. Salinas: Mrs. S.
n. Hunt. Visalla; L. R. Vance, Vallejo; Dr.
A. E. Kosby, Yuba City; J. T. Laird. Alturas;
J. E. Chope, Monterey County.
The following resolution was adopted
and a committee consisting of M. M.
Estee. Irving M. Scott, Henry E. High
ton, General W. H. L. Barnes, Colonel C.
Mason Klnne, Judge M. Cooney and
Charles Edelman was appointed to carry
out its provisions:
We believe that no more beautifying Improve
ment could be afforded than a creditable monu
ment to Abraham Lincoln, etandlnsr on the
nheres of the Pacific as a companion Dlece to
the. Statue of Liberty on the other end of the
continent. Therefore be It
Resolved. That this general committee of the
Lincoln Monument Leasrue request the proper
authorities to set aside and dedicate a square
of jrround at the Van Ness entrance to the
proposed panhandle as a elte for the proposed
Lincoln monument.
M. M. Estee will deliver a lecture on
"The Problem of Government. Tni3ts,
etc.," at Metropolitan Temple on the
evening of January 24 for the benefit of
the monument fund.
Ferry Slip for Navy Yard.
Bids were forwarded from this city yes
terday for the construction of a new ferry
slip at Mare Island, the cost of which
will be something like $50,000. The present
pier extends out beyond the water front.
It is proposed to cut into the main land,
so that there shall be no infringement
on the stream. The bids will be cpened
in Washington on the 20th Inst.
Two Bankrupts.
Nathan D. Millzner. clerk. San Francis
co, formerly of Sacramento, and F. A.
Griffith of Santa Rosa filed petitions In
bankruptcy yesterday in the United 3tat»s
District Court. Millzner's liabilities are
JSI6 75, with no assets. Of the debts th<»
sum of J2SS Is due for alimony and $100
for attorney's fees. Griffiths' liabilities
are $1353 IS, and his assets SI2L
Alameda Parlor Installs.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 13.— Alameda Parlor
No. 47 held an installation of officers last
night at Eureka Hall. The following" are
the new officers: President, P. H. Smith;
first vice president, Frank Phillips; sec
ond vice president, H. L. Sousa; third
vice president. Herman Bolte; marshal,
Walter Bamber; recording secretary. H. L
Transue; financial secretary. Max Gund
lach; trustees— A. Sousa and George Wil
son; inside sentinel, J. W. Hand; outside
sentinel, A. Quast; surgeon, Dr. H. M.
Pond.
TWO WOMEN CLAIM
DR. MAHE'S REMAINS
The One With Whom He Eloped Con
fesses That They Were Not
Man and Wife.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, Jan. 13.— Two
women who 6ay they are the widows of
Dr. Gustave Mahe of this city, who died
suddenly on Thursday night, claim his
body. Widow No. 1 is in San Francisco
and widow No. 2 Is here. Mahe is well
known in San Francisco and New York.
Ihe woman who has lived in this city
with Dr. Mahe, posing as his wife, and
who has been prostrated with grief at his
death, to-day admitted to City Clerk Sel
zer that fhe was not a lawful wife. At
first she was very indignant, but when
shown a telegram from the San Francisco
widow demanding the body she broke
down and confessed. She refused to tell
her true name, but admite that she ran
away from San Francisco with the doctor
and had been living with him for several
months.
curse a boy. When he has something to
cay he says it as though he were speak
ing to a man, and net to a dog, and when
he lets you go it is at the time when he
thinks you all have an equal show. As to
gates. I will never again ride on a track
that has one. They rattle a horse, they
are a menace to the life of the man riding
and they do not get the norses off one bit
better than does a square man with a
flag. I will have no more of them In
mine."
Sloan speaks in highest terms of the
treatment that was accorded him in the
old country. He is deeply Interested tn
the outcome of the war in the Transvaal,
and says his sympathy is with England
and that he hopes the British will win.
"I know nothing of the merits of the con
troversy," said he, "but the English peo
ple treated me right and I hope they will
win. There was a great deal of gloom
In England when I left. Music hnlls,
theaters and all places of amusement
were practically closed, and the mourn
ing over defeat was general. Much dis
satisfaction is being expressed over the
incompetency of the generals command
ing. But the nation is determined to win,
and I hope they will. There is no walk
over In the Transvaal for them, however."
LOCOMOTIVE CRASHES INTO SAN JOSE TRAIN.
CURTAIN RUNG DOWN ON
FELIX MORRIS' LIFE
The Well-Known Character Actor
Dies at His Home in New
York City.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— Felix Morris, the
character actor, died to-day at his home
in this city, aged 53 years. He leaves a
widow, formerly Florence Wood of San
FranciFco. and two young daughters.
His first public appearance as an actor
was In Lotta's support In "Musette." His
first great succes? was in the role of the
reporter In "Michael Strogoff." Subse
quently he was a member of A. M.
Palmer's stock company. Then he Joined
Rosina Yokes' company, where he re
mained for seven seasons. His greatest
successes were made in her support in
old men roles.
After Miss Yokes* death Morris starred
two years, but not successfully. He then
joined Daniel Frohman's stock company,
of which he was nominally a member at
the time of his death, although recently
he had been appearing In vaude\'ille the
aters. His last appearance in New York
was on December & at Keith's Theater.
DELEGATES ARRIVING.
Preparations for the Club Federation
Meeting at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 13.— Several dele
gates to the club federation meeting to be
opened next Tuesday afternoon at Ebell
Hall have already arrived in Los Ange
les. A reception to the federation dele
pates and their escorts will be given next
Tuesday evening at the residentoe of
Judge and Mrs. C. X. Sterry from 8 to 11
at their home on Wilshire boulevard. The
members of the Los Angeles clubs with
their escorts have also been invited to
attend. Members of Los Angeles clubs
are requested to present cards at the door.
The delegates will be entertained at
luncheon Wednesday by the Ebell Club
The Ruskin Art Club will tender them a
reception from 4 to 6 on Wednesday after
noon at the club rooms In the Blanchard
building. Mrs. Robert J. Burdette this
morning conducted the conversation sec
tion of the Ebell at the club rooms.
THERE was a. head-on collision last
evening at the siding a little beyond
Colma between the southbound San
Jose local passenger train and a
light engine, which seems to have come
from nowhere and gone to the same place,
according to the railroad version of the
smash-up. The passenger engine was
wrecked and the tender telescoped with
the baggage car. The light locomotive
was not damaged, and after mixing things
with the local train backed away from
the wreck on its own account and started
in the direction of San Jose without wait
ing for its crew. That the accident did
not result in an appalling list of casual
ties appears to be marvelous. Passengers
were severely shaken up and thrown from
their seats, but aside from a few slight
bruises no one was seriously injured. The
engineers and firemen of the engines
caved themselves by Jumping as soon as
they caw that a collision was inevitable.
The accident occurred near Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, at a point where a sharp
curve in the road obstructs a clear view
of the track. The passenger train had
left Colma and had gained considerable
headway when tho light engine appeared
around the curve scarcely fifty yards
ahead, rushing along as though it was In
a hurry. Both engineers reversed their
engines, but the man at the throttle of
the light engine forgot to shut off steam
or apply the air brake in his haste to
lump from the cab to a place of safety.
A moment later the two engines went
together with a crash. The light engine
seemed to rebound and at once started
off down the track In the direction of San
ENGINES WRECKED IN A COLLISION NEAR COLMA.
Jose without either engineer or fireman.
So far as the railroad officials are In
formed the engine Is still going.
The passenger engine was badly
smashed, although it did not leave the
rails. Its tender telescoped with the bag
gage car. The shock was so severe that
passengers were thrown from their seats
and subjected to a severe shaking up. As
near as can be learned no one was seri
ously hurt. It is stated that as soon as
the accident occurred the crew of the light
engine started across the fields on a run,
fearing rough handling by the passengers.
The San Jose train had the right of way.
and no explanation is gi\en for the other
engine being on the line.
A wrecking train was sent to the scene
of the disaster and the track was cleared
in time to prevent any great delay in the
later trains. The smashed engine and bag
gage car were hauled to the siding near
the cemetery. The passengers on the dis
abled train were transferred to the Mon
terey express, on which they continued
their Journey.
Inquiry at the railroad offices elicited no
Information as to the cause of the colli
sion. The officials stated that they did
not know where the light engine had come
from, where it had gone or who had
charge of It.
Pages 21 to 28
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
Pages 21 to 28
~jr*fi% TtlaAMUSEMENTS.
QLYMriA HII!
A BILL THAT BEATS THE BAND.
ZOYARRA,
Owns the earth and rolls the globe*
OLLIE and~BART LA MONT,
America's greatest equilibrists.
CAD WILSON,
The Vanderbllt soubrette.
And a big bunch of the best there Is In vaude-
ville.
• A $10,000 belt and chatelaine belonging: to
CAD WILSON and built by her from nuggets
dug from Klondike gravel, can be Been In the
windows of the Baldwin Jewelry Store, 544-846
Market street.
ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
Free Tickets
TO TBS
Orpheum !
BUT TOUB
Lenox and j
SAVE TOUR WRAPPERS AND
GET FREE TICKETS TO THS
OKPHSUM.
The Johnson4,ocke
Mercantile Co.,
204 FRONT STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO,
Will Exchenst for Lenox and Ivory
Soap Wrappers
FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM
UNDER THE FTiLIXJWINO CON-
DITIONS:
If Too Want a 25c Reserved Seat
Bend... -.28 Wrappers of LENOX BOAP
Or « Wrappers of IVOHY SOAP
Or else rend 15 Wrappers of LENOX
6O>P and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
If Tou Want a 60c Reserved Seat
Bend CO Wrappers of LENOX SOAP
Or 2« Wrappers of IVORT SOAP
Or else «end 25 Wrappers of LENOX
BOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JAN. 14, 1900.
88— NOMINATIONS— 88
$1000 in Prizes,
MUSIC BY THE BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets at 11
a. m.. 13 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and
Valencia streets five minutes later. Returning:
at 4:15 p. m. and after. la«t course. San ilateo
electric cars every ten minutes. ' ¦'
Admission l2s Cents, Ladies Free.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
11 il (Lli A A Cray h«lr ?s
¦ bar to cm-
*YNk "V j plcyment and
IWI I » to pleasure.
But there is relief from it . In
Four Days it can be Restored
To Its Natural Color by using
'^P^Hair Restorer
It is not a dye, but in a natural way
it acts on the roots, compelling the
secretion of the pigments that Rive
life and color to the hair — in four
days— 5 1 a bottle, at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS
18 A | r\ That greatest of all dis-
tg fX I Bf fignrementt of a wo-
¦ ¦¦¦ 111 man's face, permanently
removed, in the only successful way
—with the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, as
operated by Mrs. Harrison.
Warts. Freckle*. Moles, Pimples
and Wrinkles quickly removed under
my personal treatment at my Der-
matological Parlors.
TRIM PfiT FRFF Laeieß out or town
irUML IUI I ULLi tending this coupon
tnd 10c In clamps will receive my Book of In-
rtructions and a box of LOLA MOXTEZ
CREIIE and FACE POWDER FREE.
HRS. NETTIE" HARRISON,
DERMATOLOGIST.
40 and 42 Geary Street, San Francisco.
THE event of the week was the din
ner given by Captain and Mrs. *V-
H. Taylor in honor of Miss Hopkins,
whose engagement to their pon.
Augustus C. Taylor, was announced only
a short time ago. It took plac© at the
Taylor residence. 7701 California street,
and was one cf the handsomest dinners
riven this reason- The guests were seated
at small tables, which were beautifully
df-corated with roses. A string orchestra
played during the service of the dinner,
end later the guests er.Joyed a vaudeville
performance. Those Invited to meet Miss
Hopklr.s were: Mr. and Mrs. George A.
Pope. Miss Taylor, Miss Genevleve Caro
lan. Mies Cora Smedberg, Miss Edna Hop
kins. Mtes Gecrgiana Hopkins. Miss
Thcm&fc. Miss Nichols. Miss Grace Spreck
r!s, Miss Celia Tobin. Miss Sarah Collier.
Miss Cadwc^ader. Miss Mcßean, Mi=ss
Helen Smith. Miss Adelaide Murphy. Miss
Mary Greenwood Jocselyn, Miss There^e
Morgan. Mies Caro Crockett. Miss Mary
gcott, George Aimer Newhall. Edgar
Mills. Harry Elmpkins. Richard M.
Tobin. E. "W. Hopkins. Everett N. Bee,
Harry Poett. Gerald L. Rathbone. Bert
Cadwalader. Harry N. Stetson. Frederick
W. McNear. Latham McMullin. Philip
Temjkins. Samuel H. Boardman. Rev. Mr.
O'Rourke. Lawrence I. Scott, E. M.
Greenway. Charles N. Felton Jr., Augus
tus C. Taylor end W. H. Taylor Jr.
Edward M. Greenway has Issued Invita
tior.s for a dlr.rer which he will give In
honor cf Miss Ethyl Hager on Tuesday
evening. Jcxuary 16, In the red room of
the Bohemian Club.
The engagement Is announc«d of Mies
D«=s!e Code, daughter of Philip D. Code,
president of the Code-Portwood Car.r;!ng
Coznp&Xiy. to Captain R. F. Nicholson or
the United States torpedo boat Faxraeut.
The marriage will take place some time
rear Easter. Miss Code, who is well
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
January Sale
STOCK-TAKING.
GREAT REDUCTIONS
IN
TAILOR-MADE SUITS, JACKETS,
CAPES ANO SKIRTS.
Only this season's styles. Fit and finish
of our garments speak for themselves.
DRESS SKIRTS
PIJRK WOOL PLAID SKIRTS, double
lined, bound with fancy silk mohair
braid, former price .$7 50— on sale to-
morrow at
53.Q5.
PETTICOATS.
SILK MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS, In
cardinal-, purple, new blue, regular price
U 00— to close at
52.75.
33 per cent off regular prices.
235 manufacturers' samples of PETTI-
COATS, In alpaca, silk, mercerized, at
33 per cent less than regular prices.
58.50.
50 FUR CAPES, electric seal, astrakhan
yoke, trimmed with tails, lined with
good fancy silk, good value at $12 50—
reduced to
&3.50.
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
ASTtJSEarENTS.
THE GKEAT HISTORIC PANORAMA,
Battle of Manila Bay
MARKET NEAR EIGHTH . STREET.
Will soon be taken to the Paris Exhibition, and
In order to Rive all a chance to see this realistic
and truthful representation ot Dewey'a great
battle, the price ot admission has Jbeen reduced
to . • J
25 Cents. Children 10 Gents.
See the Beautiful. Bay! See the City of Ma-
nila and the smaller towns along: the water's
edge! -; . , * - . ,
See the Charge of the California Volunteers I
Open Dally, from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. -
INTERSTATE PANORAMA CO.
So many people have wanted
U another chance that •
any of my $i Switches
for 50 Cents.
Send for price Us.' ([J, LE|/£jll EK«
of hair goods. 7
, ¦ 123 Stockton Street.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Last Time To-Nl«-ht of
LITTLE 80-F»EEF>
MONDAY EVENING, Jan. 15.
"HOOTMON!" EVERY ONE HOLD ON!
First Time in America at Popular Prices of
Frank Daniels' Greatest Comic Opera.
fc^*£3 P3 P? ttt®*
Hbh § jgasra q
"Fairy Tales, Fairy Tales, We Hear Them
Every Day,"
"I Just Dropped In, In an Ofihand Sort
of Way."
PLAYED by THE 810 DOUBLE COMPANY!!
UNRIVALED CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA-!
BRILLIANT SCENERY AND COSTUMES!!
A DAZZLING DREAM OF THE ORIENT!!
POPULAR PRICES, 25 AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone Bush 9.
AMUSEMENTS.
known In eocial circles, la a graduate of
Irving Institute. Captain Nicholson waa
the navigating officer of the Oregon on
her memorable trip around the Horn. He
is a prominent and active member of the
Bohemian Club.
The annual meeting of the Califor
nia Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution was held re
cently at the California Hotel and
was largely attended. The election of
officers for the ensuing term resulted as
follows: William M. Bunker, president;
William 11. Jordan, senior vice president;
George W. Spencer, junior vice president;
Edwin Bonnel!. secretary; Charles H.
Warner, treasurer; Colonel H. S. Hub
bard, registrar; Frank W. Sumner, mar
shal; board of managers— William J. Dut
ton, Byron Mauzy, R. Vandercook, Hor
ace G. Platt, Hart H. North. T. A. Per
kins. The retiring president, Horace
Davis, was presented with a' handsome
badge by the society. Compatriot Jordan
made the presentation address In a most
felicitous manner and was fittingly re
sponded to by the recipient. Compatriot
John R. Robinson, on behalf of Com
patriot Reuben Law Reed of South Acton,
Mass., presented the society with a gavel
constructed of different pieces of wood
selected from many places celebrated In
the history of the Revolution. William
M. Bunker was elected delegate to repre
sent the society at the unveiling of the
monument to Lafayette In Paris July 4,
1900.
They're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Egan announce the
engagement of their daughter Joey to
Harry D. M. Cobb.
Mr. and Mrs. Julius Jacobs announce
the engagement of their daughter Flor
ence to Oscar Hoffman. At home. Hotel
Granada, Sunday, January 21, 2 to 5 p. in.,
ar.d Monday afternoon, January 22.
The engagement is announced of Dora,
daughter of Mrs. S. Eisner, to Henry
Friedman. They will receive Sunday, Jan
uary £$, at 730 Devlsadero etreet, from 2
to- 5 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Marks of 724 Golden
Gate avenue announce the engagement of
their daughter Ray to A, Ancker of this
city.
Ihe engagement Is announced of Barney
Goldberg of this city to Miss Hattle
Marks of Orovllle.
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Wolf of 632 Golden
Gate avenue announce the engagement of
their daughter, Miss Phoebe Wolf, to
tl ! as t Levy of thls clt >'- Th* reception
will be held Sunday, January 21, from 2
to 5 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Marks announce
the engagement of their daughter Ray to
Ate Acciser of this city.
Wedding Bells
At the residence of the bride's mother.
211S Bush street, under a bower of ferns,
holly berries and beauty roses. Miss Es
telle Breslauer. eldest daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Markus Breslauer, a merchant
of Chico, was married on Sunday; the 7th
List., to Harold Jayne Schwartz." only son
of Isidor Schwartz of this city. The bride
wore an organdie dress elaborately
trimmed with lace and embroidered tulle.
The maid of honor, Miss Lilian Breslauer.
sister of the bride, wore a pink cashmere
trimmed with lace and grass velvet. Toble
Zekind was best man. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. An
elaborate dinner followed the ceremony.
Covers were laid for thirty and only rela
tives were present owing to the recent
loss of the groom's brother. The young
couple are staying at the Occidental Ho
tel. They will reside In Chico. where the
groom Is engaged in business with the
bride's father.
A very pretty wedding occurred on the
evening of Wednesday, the 3d inst.. at the
residence of E. R. Lanpher, Orangevale.
Sacramento County, when the host's
daughter was united In marriage to
George N. Whiting of Hastings. Nebr.
The parlors in which the ceremony took
place were beautified with a wealth of
floral decorations and the happy couple
received the congratulations of a host of
friends. «
Home Gatherings.
A few friends met at the home of Dr.
and Mrs. W S. Hereford, 1115 Sutter
Etreet. last Monday evening to welcome
the return home of their daughter. Miss
Flora Muller. Among those present were-
Dr. and Mrs. W. S. Hereford, Mr. and
Mrs. J. L. Howard, Mrs. M. C. Bacon,
M!=s Flora Muller. Miss Susie Henrici,
Miss Rose Brandon. Miss M. Halllhan.
Will Manning. Ed Lyon, George Malcom,
J. Cravlato. Mr. Hook, George Middleman
end C. J. Shorb.
A very pleasant ourprlse party was
given on Thursday evening, January 11.
to Mrs. Jane Creba at her residence, 128
Valencia street, by the members of Brit
annia Lodge No. 7, Daughters of
St- George. After kind greetings
and many good wishes to Mrs. Creba the
time was epent in interesting speeches,
to which the hostess very touchingly re
plied. Those present were: Mrs. Jane
Creba, Mrs. P. Creba, Miss A. Getz, Mrs.
Phoebe Williams, Mrs. R. Meadows, Mrs
R. Hewitt. Mrs. E. Goes. Mrs. W. Nor
rinpton. Mrs. W. Clack. Mrs. Davis. Mrs
Llddicote. Mrs. C. Street, Mrs. Henwood
Mrs. J. B. Staples Mrs. H. Williams. Mrs.
Lar-.plands. Mrs. M. Jewlt, Mrs. M. Cor
der. P. Creba. E. Creba and J. Creba.
Last Wednesday Mr. and Mrs. Frank J.
Driscoll entertained their friends. Mr. and
Mrs. S. N. Haines. on the eve of their de
parture for Philadelphia. Mr. and Mrs
Haines will be absent for six weeks.
Mlfs Louise Meyer of Golden State Par
lor of the Native Daughters on last Sun
day had a party at her residence in honor
of a number of children friends. After a
dainty supper had been served to the lit
tle ones Miss Johanna Meyer, in the guise
of Santa Claup, entered the room and to
each presented a token of the hostess'
love for her juvenile guosts. In return
the little ones entertained "old Santa" and
the adult company with songs and recita
tions and instrumental music. Those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. M. Schu
macher. Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Swan Mrs
P. Larsen. Mrs. R. Jurgens, Miss L.' Hay
*?sen Mtes G. Jurgens. Miss L. Meyer.
Mies J. Mp>x»r, Miss K. Dodge. Mlfs D
Schumacher. Miss A. Larson. Miss R. Schu
macher. Miss Rose Swan, Miss Ruby
Swan. Miss I. Schumacher. Miss Manila
Schumacher, J. Swan and Masters A
Jurgens. P. Schumacher, H. Larsen Wal
ter Peter Larsen and Clarence Larsen.
Among the many novel parties on New
Tear's eve was. one given by the Misses
Harney, at their residence on Noe street,
to their numerous friends. Dancing was
commenced at 9 o'clock and continued
until 32, after which a prand march was
formed and the guests proceeded to the
banquet hall. Numerous toasts were
piven and responded to. After supper,
dancing was resumed for a time, after
which the following musical and literary
programme was offered: Violin solo, Miss
Ida Mooney: vocal solo. Miss Began: vio
lin duct. Messrs. E. Finn. John Larkin*
vocal duet. Misses Mamie and Agnes
Mooney; instrumental quartet. Dr. J. F
Douglas. J. J. Barry. Ed Finn. Charles
King; Mr. Sullivan In his specialties.
"Irish cakfwalk"; recitation. Miss Ida
Mooney. The floor was under the man
agement of James O'Connor, admirably
seconded by Frank Egan. Among the
guests present were:
Mr. Harney. Miss Collins. Mrs. Harney,
Miss Bessie Henry, Miss May Harney,
Miss Nora Henry. Miss Katie Harney
Miss Mar>' Kelly. P. Harney. Mrs. Dolly
Mr. and Mrs. McDonell, Mr. and Mrs"
Mooney. Miss Hurley, Miss Mamie
Mooney, Mrs. Montgomery, Miss Ida
Mooney. Miss Lucy Kegan, Miss Agnes
Mooney, Miss Sadie Keran, Miss Frances
Mooney. M. Wise. Alfred Hanlev, Mrs M
Wise. Miss Alice Hanley, Mr. M"cDermott
F. Egan. Mrs. McDermott. Mrs. F. Eean'
Mr. Parker. James O'Connor, Mr Sul
livan. Dr. J. F. Douglas. Mr. Page, James
Barry. E. Mooney. John Larkln. Miss
Regan. E. Finn. Mr. Regan, Mr. K/>lly
Mr. Cavanaugh. Mr. Segerson. Mr. Sker-
Itte. B. Plunket. Mr. Scatty, G. Mahoney
Mr. Brennan. Mr. Grant, C. Klnsr, A. Mc-
Carthy. D. Ryan. Miss Joele McCarthy,
Mr. Wharton. Miss Mary McCarthy Mr
Ccffey. Miss Kelly. Mrs. Coffey. Miss A."
McMahon. Mr. Conroy, Miss Katie Mc-
Mahon. T. McMahon.
A pleasant birthday surprise party was
plven to Mlfs Marguerite Melskove at the
home of Mrs. Reckenbiel on Ash avenue
last Saturrtay, January 6. The evening
was ppent in reciting, singing and con
cluded with dancing and refreshments.
Ml?s Jennie Snyder sang some of the lat
est songs as also did William Bartsch A
novel recitation was given by Miss Mar
guerite O'Connor, and a fancy cakewalk
by Mlps M. Melskove and M. O'Connor
Among those present were: Miss M
Molskove. Miss Jennie Sriyder, Miss Char
lit te J^° pe *- Mlss Marguerite O'Connor.
Miss TUlie Mona.- Miss Stella Slaven. Miss
Annie Lorenzen. Miss Marguerite Booker
the Misses Annie and Lena Reckenbiel
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Brush, Mr. and Mrs.
William Bartsch, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Lorenzen. Mrs. Reckenbiel. John Webster
C. Armstrong, George Fuerst, C. Mels-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN IXt.
Last Night of SINBAD.
W«k Commencing TO-MORROW EVENING. MONDAY. January IS. 1300.
A GREAT MUSICAL EVENT.
First Produotlon In San Francisco of Delllnger'i Renowned Comic Opera,
Unitarian Church, Franklin and Geary
streets.
The O. C. O. Cotillon Club will give Its
next party at Golden Gate Hall on Friday
evening. January 26.
The first meeting of the Berkeley Cotil
lon will take place on Wednesday, Janu
ary 17, at Shattuck Hall, Berkeley.
Sailed Away.
Among those sailing Wednesday, Janu
ary' 10, on the ' steamship Australia for
Honolulu were: J. Alexander, A. W.
Anderson, wife, two children and servant,
Mrs. M. Babcock, A. H. Bachelder. H. A.
Baldwin, W. H. Barney and wife, W. A.
Bowen, H. C. Brown and wife, W. A.
Brown, Mrs. M. D. Bryden, Mrs. E. Bur
ling. W. D. Cull. Mrs. S. L. Dexter^ F. A.
Edwards, Mrs. D. French. Dr. W.-J. Gal
braith and wife. H Ginaca, Miss D. E.
Grlswold, Miss A. L. Hyde, H. M. Jevne,
Mrs. M. Charles Kalous. C. G. Krognesa,
C. J. Lawrence and wife, G. Marcus, H.
L. Mayo, K. Melrose, J. T. Morrison,
Fred Peachy. H. C. Perry, wife and child,
J. E. Pope, Master M. B: Rhodes, James
Rolph Jr., J. C. Sesser and wife, J. Shaw.
Miss M. L. Smith. D. Sweeney, G. P.
Thielen. H. M. Tucker, F. 8. Tuithoff. Dr.
R. J. Wilkinson.
Personals.
The following Pacific Coast people left
New York for Egypt on the Hamburg-
American line steamship Fuerst Bismarck
on the 8d inst.: Mr. and Mrs. William
Cluff, Miss M. E. Cluff, Mr. and Mrs. J.
R. Burnham, Miss Burnnam, Mr. and Mrs.
Chester Thorne and family and Grant
Hicks.
Mra. Leopold Well and her daughter
Alyce have returned from an extended
tour through Europe and are Btopplng at
the Hotel Richelieu. They will be pleased
to Bee their friends on Monday, January
15.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Marks of Portland,
Or., are visiting their daughter, Mrs. S.
H. Goldstein^ 1431 O'Farrell street. At
home every Thursday. ,
Miss Florence Jacobs has returned from
an extended Eastern trip, and will be
pleased to see her friends at the Hotel
Granada.
Mrs. Mary E. Hart, secretary of the
Women's Press Club, accompanied by
Mrs. J. W. Prendergast, left on Friday
evening for Los Angeles, the former as
a delegate to the State Federation of
clubs and the latter to visit relatives.
They will be absent about blx weeks.
Tillie E. Wolf of 723 O'Farrell street will
leave on the China on the 24th inst. for
a trip to Honolulu. At home on the even
ing of January 22.
Mrs. B. J. Triest has moved from 1429
Post street to 1230 Post street.
Miss Ray Rosenthal is stopping at 1230
Post street, and will be at home the first
Monday.
Miss Kittle Shanahan has returned to
Marysvllle after spending the holidays
with relatives in this city.
Mr. and Mrs. Clinton J. Hutchlns have
returned after a years absence abroad.
Mrs. J. H. Carsins has removed from
Alameda and will be at home on the third
Thursday at SSS .ncAllister street.
Mrs. Lewis V. Heutrich will receive with
her mother, Mrs.- William T. Fonda, at
3011 Sacramento street, on the first and
third Thursdays.
Mrs. H. Eisenberg and Mrs. H. Llch
tenstein . will be at home on the second
Tuesday of each month at 1124 Sutter
street.
Mrs. Nathan Diamond will be at home
the third Wednesday of each month at
her residence. 2203 Sutter street.
Mrs. E. Loverlch will receive her friends
on Wednesday, January 17. at 153 Central
avenue, near Halght street.
Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Nevin, Garland ave
nue, entertained with a dinner party on
Monday evening. The following were
guests: Count and Mrs. J. F. yon
Schmidt, Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Earl. Mr.
and Mrs. W. 8. Newhall, Mr. and Mrs.
John Mossin. Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Bots
ford, Mrs. Classins, Miss Helen Nevln
and Messrs. Graff and W. G. Nevln Jr.
One of the most beautiful and success
ful fancy dress balls ever held in this city
was the one that took place at Abbots
ford Inn on Friday evening. Mmes. Ab
bot Klnney and Addison Smith acted as
hostesses. Mrs. Otherman Stevens and
North Bancroft received first prizes for
the best represented characters, and Miss
Florence Nolan and Morris Cook were
awarded second prizes. About 100 guests
were present and all the costumes were
extremely beautiful and well chosen.
Miss Maud E. Bell, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. G. Bell, has returned from a four
months' visit in Missouri and Virginia.
Judge' Fuller of San Diego is spending a
few days in Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Merril of -Pomona
will 6pend the winter at the Devonshire
Inn.
Jasper Griffin, the eldest son of Mrs." E.
P. Griffin, has gone north to attend Bel
mont School.
Mrs. H. F. Stocking and daughter, who
have been the guests of Mrs. R. F. Stock
ing for the past three weeks, have re
turned to their home tn Coronado.
Mrs. W. L. Elder, who has been visiting
relatives In Tennessee, has returned to
her home In this city.
Mr. and Mrs. O. T. Johnson, Mrs. C. R,
Shatto and Mrs. Frederick Flint have
gone to New York, which place they
will soon leave for an extended trip to
Europe. Mr. Flint expects to Join ths
party in the spring.
Charles G. Haddock and daughter, Mrs.
Kate Mackey, who have resided in Los
Angeles tor the past year, have gone to
San Francisco, where Mrs. Mackey will
reside in future.
Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Hellman and daugh
ter are guests of Mr. Hellman's brother,
H. W. Hellman of South Hill street.
The engagement of Miss Maud Bell to
Frank K. Bear is announced. The mar
riage will take place In February.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ..JANUARY .14, .1900.
kove. O. Melskove. A. McAdama, George
Benalack, E. Tumelty.
A theater party was given on Saturday
last at the Grand Opera-house by Dr.
H. J. Stewart to his daughter Frances,
after which an elaborate dinner was
served. Among those present were: Miss
Rhoda Pickering, Miss Frances Stewart,
Miss Kathyleen de Young, Miss Graco
Sullivan, Miss Constance de Young, Miss
Marie Pickering, Miss Margery Fortesque,
Miss Mary Boland, Miss Helen Williams
and Miss Edith Mills.
A masquerade was given by Miss Alra
dia Morris at her residence. 1837 Green
street, on New Year's evening. A delight
ful time was had, in which the hours were
spent in dancing, music and singing. The
guests who were present in costume were
as follows: Mrs. C. R. Morris In pink
domino/ Miss Alzadla Morris as Geisha,
Miss Lena Kruee as Indian chleftainess.
Miss Henrietta Kruse as summer girl.
Miss Josephine Kruse as Spanish senonta.
Miss Nellie Cane as Dolly Varden, Miss
Hattie Teague as student, Miss Carrie
Ulmer as flower girl. Miss Dolly Jennings
as tennis girl, Miss Marguerite Duffy as
tennis boy. Miss Norine Jennings as lady
In pink. C. R. Morris as an Irish lady,
Harry Thompson as Indian. chief, Henry
Brown as marine, Willie Gilmore at
clown, Coleman Schwartz as naval officer
Mervin Samuels as naval, officer, Alfred
Cane as student, Percy Lenfesty as a to
reador. Ernest Carrls as Rip Van Winkle.
Charles L. Pitman as ragtime girl and
Lieutenant Harry McGurren aa toastmas
ter.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
David Campbell at his residence, 2932 La
guna street, on Saturday evening, the 6th
Inst. A most enjoyable evening was spent
in dancing and games. At midnight supper
was served. Those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. David Campbell. Mr. and Mrs.
D. Morgan. Mr. and Mrs. Steven Gill. Miss
Caroline Kidd. Miss Constance Fisher,
Miss Annie Fisher, Miss Cella Martin,
Miss Kathryn Campbell. Miss Mary
Campbell, Miss Lizzie McGahan, Miss
Kathryn McGahan, Miss Nlta Boyle, Miss
Kate Sullivan, Miss Annie Kelly, Miss
Maggie Baldwin. Miss Blanche Baldwin,
Miss Kate Baldwin. Miss Marguerite
Boyle, Miss Rose O'Donnell, Marion Gill,
Master Harold GUI, Albert Boyle, Sam
Sullivan, Anthony Curran. Peter Quirk,
Edward Dyer, John Quirk, Mr. Lynch,
Mr. Bardet, Mr. Murray, Mr. White and
Mr. Baldwin.
An enjoyable surprise party was ten
dered Miss Leo Wefelsburg by her numer
ous friends at her residence, 443 O'Farrell
street, Saturday, January 6. Those present
were: Ida Dunn. Kitty Dunn, Julia Som
mer. Rose Sommer, May McAvoy, Sophie
Strauss, Madge Doi&n. Madge Clifford,
Anne O'Sulllvan, Rose Lundblade. Kittle
Lundblade. Tillie Lundblade, Lottie Lund
blade, Annie Hettman. Mr. and Mrs.
George Fonge. Mr. and Mrs. James Pack
er Jr., Mr. and Mrs. George Monnehan,
Dr. and Mrs. Wefelsburg, Mrs. Werthelm,
Mrs. Spooner. Mr. and Mrs. Stannard,
Mrs. Slocum, Messrs. N. Aaron. T. Woods,
C. Smith, F. McDonald. William Muller,
E. H. Kroenke. H. A. Levison. L. A. Col
ton. B. Pollak. W. Antonivlch. W. Wat
kins, P. Milberry. C. Slocum. W. Hobro.
Last Monday Frank J. Driscoll enter
tained a few of his bachelor and benedict,
friends at his home on Franklin street.
After a pleasant hour a collation was
served. Those who were entertained were
Messrs. Hayden, Dunleavy, Moroney,
Sheehan, Healy. O'Brien and Foley.
A most enjoyable children's party was
given by Mrs. L. Turkelson at her resi
dence, 512 Golden Gate avenue, on Satur
day afternoon. The affair was given in
honor of little Hazel Schuntzberg. The
afternoon was spent In music and various
games. Those present were: Hazel
Schuntzberg, Rose Qulllinan. Sybil Mc-
Gowan, Pearl and Jewel Testier, Irene
and Nellie Gelman. Bertha Crocker, Ethel
Miller, Gladys Miller. Myrtla Miller, Josle
Brown. Alvin Turkelson. Ernest Dettlner.
Arthur Dettlner, Will Geiman. Fennie
Gelman, Eddy McCleery. George Birdsell,
Harry McGowan, Fred Rogers.
Club Parties
The ladles of the Fin de Slecle Whist
Club were delightfully entertained by the
gentlemen members on Thursday even-
Ing with a trolley whist ride. As the beau
tiful Hermosa car sped quickly over the
electric lines of the city "trumps and
aces" were cautiously played, the highest
score being accorded to w. G. Lee and
Miss B. L. Gambetz. An elaborate sup
per was served at the end of the line, at
which many appropriate toasts were pro
posed. The party was chaperoned by
Mrs. J. F. Logan. Those present were:
Miss L. E. Beanman, H. W. Morgan, Miss
G. Glidden, Mat Lindsay, Miss P. Gam
bilz. Dr. J. W. Lukens, Miss dl Golder,
W. G. Lee, Miss B. L. Gambltz, O. Frank,
Miss H. Krefatter. F. A. West, Miss S.
Logan. J. H. Wheeler, Miss B. McClure,
F. Bronson, Miss F. Smith. Dr. L. R.
Gambltz. Miss A. Vellguth, Judge T. F.
Dunn. Miss I. Wolfe, O. Collischorm,
Miss K. Wetjen and W. B. Burner.
The members of the Aldine Club have
elected the following officers: President,
George C. Sneider; vice president. 11. A.
Wegener; recording secretary, H. S. Buns
man: financial secretary, Albert H. Antz;
treasurer, Henry W. Westphal; executive
committee — Joseph E. Sand, H. G. Plage
mann; entertainment committee — Walter
Burner. Dr. H. Sylvester, J. G. Rapp.
The last masquerade of the season given
by the Alhambra Club was largely attend
ed and Pioneer Hall was taxed to its ut
most for accommodations. Many original
and beautiful costumes were worn.
Dancing was under the supervision of
Floor Manager S. J. Healey and the fol
lowing committee: T. Lamey, J. Lamey,
J. J. Griffin, J. Hughes, D. Parnow and K.
Miles.
The fourth assembly of the '93 Cotillon
Club was held at Sherman & Clay's Hall
on last Friday evening, January 5. Bruce
\V. Large led the german and introduced
several pretty and original figures. The
following participated in the first set:
Miss Alice - D. Adamson, Miss Mabel
Blakey. Miss Hattle L. Crockett, Miss
Daisy Pabst, Miss A. Artigues, Miss Min
nie Strehl, Miss E. Sammy, Miss Madallne
Smith. Miss Carrie Foulton, Miss M. Coo
ney. Miss G. M. Coleman, Miss Florence
Klley, Robert E. Gleason, Russell Boyd
Howe. Robert E. Schord, B. P. Gleason,
Joseph P. Lavin, William E. Schord, Perl
A. Young. Robert E. Tracey, Frank C.
Sykes. James Hale. Garner S. Stenhouse
Robert Philip McMahon.
A pretty feature of the fourth meeting
of the Alpha Club, held at Century Hall
on Friday evening, January 12. was the
Alpine figure, danced with parasols .and
Alpenstocks. There were also the driving
figure, with many slelghbells le cercle and
the weak leading the blind. The german
was led by Edward Bacon and Miss Edna
Howell. Those in the first Bet were: Miss
Spence. Mr. Clapp, Miss Harland. Mr No
ble, Mlsb Ethel Hendy. Mr. Spencer Miss
Bruns, Mr. Somers, Miss Olive Burnett
Mr. Ford, Miss Moulton and Mr. Rook.
In the future
The ABtorias will hold their seventh
evening dress party at Union Square Hall
Tuesday evening, February 6.
The ninth dance of the Deux Temps
Club will be held at Golden Gate Hall
Friday evening, January 19.
The Aldine Club will give a party Mon
day evening. January 22. at the rooms
of the Arion Verein, 414 Pine street.
The Tuesday Night Club will hold its
tenth reception on Tuesday evening, Jan
uary 16. at Cotillon Hall, 1310 Polk street.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis N. Davidson will be
pleased to receive their friends at their
residence, 1979 O'Farrell street. Sunday,
January 21, from 2 to 5 p. m., in honor of
the twenty-fifth anniversary of their mar
riage.
The twenty-first invitation musical and
hop of the McKenzle Musical Society will
be held on Thursday evening, January 18
at Odd Fellows' Hall.
The Charming Auxiliary announces a
series of lectures, illustrated by readings,
by Miss Martha Constance Smith on suc
cessive Tuesdays, beginning January J6,
at 3:30 o'clock, in the parlors of the First
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building, 1170 Market *t., cor. Taylor, rooms
2S-2J, with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
The greatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm.
It renders the Fkin soft. -
smooth, clear, white and iSjt^^.
youthful. It is a liquid. JB^jJM.arSm.
Any cr<?am of the con- ,JK?sJggMffiaiiEf, J K?5JggMffiaiiEft 1
BlFt^ncy of butter will aPV??'? 4 cV-aS
ptimulate the growth of •'QSwBrSrtJiJB'W
hair en thp face. Brah- f&^ST "3? sf.fiji
man Toilet Cream is TSsar H <L < T.(C3B
guaranteed not to dti so. Vega '^*f^&
All .inJfrarlEts and at Lilf£;l<X§£?&"fe,
office of A. W. TKAV- iW^gsHßg^i*.
ERSE. M. D.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL
K3 SUTTER STREET.
3— SONG RECITALS— 3
By the Illustrious Soprano,
MLLE. ANTOINETTE
TR.EBEIjLI
MONDAY EVENING January 32
THURSDAY EVENINO January 25
SATURDAY MATINEE January 17
PRICES. SI CO and SI
Seata on sale at SHERMAN-CLAY & CO.* 8
MUSIC STORE on and after WEDNESDAY.
Jan. 17, 1300.
THE PEOPLETS POPULAR PLAYHOUSE*.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
THE LAUGHING FESTIVAL BEGINS WITH
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday).
TO-NIGHT ?•
ENJOY YOURSELF.
THE RAYS'
HOWLING SUCCESS.
HOT
OLD
TIME!
THE VERY NUTSHELL OF LAUGHTER.
POPULAR PRICES
Evening 15c. Zsc. 35c. SOc and 75a
Matinee 15c. 25c. 35c and 60c
Next Attraction— AT GAY CONEY ISLAND.
CBUTESJND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ETDSL BDRT, Coasting the Chutes,
MAJOR MITE,
Cmalltst Actor on Earth.
FRANK BALL Subjugating "Wallace,"
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
? BALLOON ASCENSION
THIS SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
EMIL MARKEBERG.
Commencing TO-MORROW NIGHT!
Every Night (Including Sunday) Matlne*
Saturday.
Managers Wagenhals A Kemper present Amer-
ica's Foremost Theatrical Organisation,
including; the Three Distin-
guished Artists.
LOUIS JAMES
KATHRYN KIDDER
CHAS. B: HANFORD
IN THE MAMMOTH
SCENIC PRODUCTION OF
THE
INTER'S TALE!
75 PEOPLE ON THE STAGE!
¦ The most Imposing, elaborate and oompleta
Bhakerpearean production ever shown In San
Francisco.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. 1-K>. 1300. IncluaiT*.
Six hlsh-class running races evary week day
rain or shlce. beginning at 1:30 p. m,^^*
The ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa
trons step directly from the railroad cars into
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, whera
comfortably housed in bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets *«
9:00. 10:*J and 11: JO a. m.. and U:\\ l'-35 u-sa
ana 1:25 p. m.. returning immediately ' after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Rear cars reserved for
women and their escorts. No smoking Valen-
cia street 10 mlnctea later.
San Jose and wajf stations. Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 o. m. Leave San Bruno at AM
and 4:45 9. m.
Rat ?' :^s an Fr » n cl««<» to Tanforan and re-
turn. Includlnjr admission to track $1 13.
_ „ T , WTO , F- J - MARTIN. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
CHAS. A. GARDNER,
French-Canadian Comedian.
FRANK L/VTONA,
The Musical Vagabond Olcb* Trotter.
ELINORE SISTERS
In Entire Chanrs of Prosramm*,
HODGES LAUNCHMERE
America's Leading Colored Comedian*.
Week Commencing Sunday Mate, Jan. 14.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BENEFIT TENDERED BY THE ENTIRE THEATRICAL PROFESSION Oy
SAN FRANCISCO TO
M«e. FABBRI-MUELLER
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY), Jan. 14, at 8 o'clock.
THe celsflrated ravorltß, GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN
With a Great Fund of • New Lauzh-Provoiters.
THE TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE— FERRIS HARTMA.V, ANNA LIGHTER. JULIE
COTTE AND FRANK COFFIN.
ORPHEUM— CHARLES OA RDNER. HAMILTON HILL.
ALCAZAR THEATER COMPANY. In a Splendid Comedy.
ALHAMBRA— BAKER and LYNN in a Lauph'.rsr Sketch.
ATTRACTIONS FROM THE CHUTES.
The GERMAN DRAMATIC COMPANY in a Sparkling- Comedy.
JAC. MUELLER, the Great Barytone; CECIL COWLES. J. CROSBY JR. and INEZ
FORMA N. Sketch Artists.
PRICES 91.50. gI.OO. 7gc. SOc and 230
CALIFORNIA THEATER. »*
AGAIN A GREAT COMEDY EVENT!
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT,
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY A
Presenting the Late Aurustln Daly's Most Emshatlo Comedy Success. | 'JS&'j
"THE COUNTESS GUCKirjf
Mls» Mary Van Burcn tn Ada, Rnhan't Famous Rol*. TfSJwtSa
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
OUR Evening 750, SOc, 25c
F»OF*ULMR. matinee SOc, 2So
PRICES) Box and Loee Seats, each $1.00
NEXT SUNDAY NlGHT— First time in San Francisco, th» Uproarious:/ Funny French Faro*.
"IN FARADISE!"
GRAND OPERA-KODSE— Special.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, Jan. 18, at 3:15
FIRST OF
Five Symphony Concerts
Under the Direction of
HENRY HOLMES.
66 Musicians in the Orchestra.
Single Seats at Sherman, Clay A C0."»— 51.50.
$1.00. 7Ec SOc and 25c
SPECIAL RATES FOR SEASON SEAT.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
MATIN XX TO-DAT. SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME.
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLB."
TO-mORROU/ NIGHT,
American Debut of
m/\Y BLAYNEY
In Oscar WUde'a Beautiful Play,
"LADY
WINDERMERE'S
PAN i"
PRICES 13e. 25c. 80s. 600
(IN ENGLISH.)
Th« Rage In London. Paris, Be rlln. Vienna and St. Petersburg
A GRAND AND BEAUTIFUL. FRODUCTION.
SUPERB CAST OF PRINCIPALS. OUR FAMOUS CHORUS
THE LARGEST AND BEST ORCHESTRA IN THE CITY.
PRICES-25C SOc. 75c.
GALLERIES, lOC and I"5 c
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturday Matinee. 23 cents.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE EMPORIUM.
VAUDEVILLE STARS — AND THET aTJ.
GLITTER.
Th« Latest Foreign Novelty.
IRTBUR NELSTONE
and MINNIE iBBEY,
la a Grotesque Act Which I» New. Novtl ar.d
Entertaining.
HANSON and NELSON
World-famous Terpslchorean Soubrettea.
..MLLE. EMMY..
And Her Famous High-born Fox Terrier Com«-
dlans; the Greatest Animal Act In the World.
Frank Coffin,
The Weil-known Tenor of Local Fame.
JOHN AND NELLIE MACARTHEY
+ In a New Sketch.
MATINEE TO-DAT. BXJNDAT. JAX. 14.
Parquet ZS cents, any seat; Balcony 13 cents-
Children 10 cents, any part. A few front or^
chestra rows, reserved. 50 cents; front rows ot
balcony, reserved. ZS cents.
22
SOCIETYPETER C. ALLEN.
-
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— The engage
ment of Miss Florence Sharon,
the beautiful daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. W. E. Sharon of Pied
mont, to Peter C. Allen, the
young composer, was announced to
night by Madame Emma Nevada at a
dinner given in honor of the talented
opera singer at the Sharon residence.
The engagement, like the dinner, is
one of the most important social
events of the year in Oakland. No
young lady In local society is, mor«
prominent or more popular than Miss
Sharon, and Mr. Allen, since his re
turn to this city, has won many
friends for himself, as well as an en
viable reputation among musical peo
ple for his compositions .and orches
trations. The news, therefore, of the
betrothal will be read with much in
terest by society here and in San
Francisco, where Miss Sharon Is
prominent, by society in Washington,
where the dainty Californlan made
hundreds of admiring friends, and by
musical people all over the West, who
know of the splendid voice of the
bride-to-be and of the art which Mr.
Allen has well mastered.
To those seated about the dinner
table to-night the engagement was
not a surprise, for Miss Sharon's
nearest friends have long rightly
guessed that the announcement would
soon be forthcoming. Madame Neva
da, as an old friend of Mrs. Sharon
and as the guest of honor at the din
ner, was chosen by the hostess to tell
the pleasant news, and the guests de
lightfully added their congratulations.
The table, in compliment to the tal
ented singer, was decorated in white
and gold, the Mills College colors,
roses being used.
Miss Sharon's acquaintance with
TWO ACRES OF LAND
SUDDENLY ELEVATED
Remarkable Phenomenon at Pesca
dero Probably Caused by Explo
sion of Subterranean Gases.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 13.— A remarkable
phenomenon occurred on Pescadero Creek
at 11 o'clock last night, when nearly two
acres of ground covered thickly with red
wood trees and including a section of the
creek raised up bodily from ten to fifteen
feet above the surrounding surface. The
upheaval was accompanied by a heavy
rumbling sound and is supposed to be an
earthquake. A long section of the wagon
road was elevated in the air and de
stroyed. The elevation of a portion of the
creek bottom changed the course of the
stream, which had cut a wide now chan
nel around the upraised ground. Much
of the timber had been prostrated, while
all that is left standing leans heavily to
ward tho higher ground. Many dead fish
were found. As there are oil indications
in the vicinity the upheaval may have
been caused by a gas explosion in the
depths below.
RICH PLATINUM DEPOSIT.
Frank Launtz Discovers a Valuable
Mine in the North.
Sr*cla.l Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. Jan. 13.— Frank R. Launtz,
a Monterey man, who has spent the past
three years prospecting in the Canada and
Alaska mining regions in the Interest of
the St. Louis Mining and Development
Company of St. Louis, Mo., has Just re
turned home with news of a most re
markable as well as extremely valuable
find. While in the Copper River district
of Alaska, near Mount Drumm, he cama
upon an exceedingly rich platinum de
posit, which at the surface yields $13 to the
ton, at three and a half feet the yield is
$18,000 to the ton and at six feet it is $30.
000 to the ton.
The manner of the find was peculiar.
Launtz noticed a serpentine rock forma
tion about fifteen miles from the base of a
glacier, and following it up to the glacier
he there found water and black sand
coursing from under the ice and falling
into a canyon, down which it flowed for
about fourteen miles, and then emptied
into the Copper River. The black sand
was spread over the floor of the canyon,
and varied in width from 600 to 700 feet.
This sand Launtz found to be very rich
in metal deposits, containing besides the
larger percentage of platinum, iridium,
rhodium, palladium and osmium, metals
usually found with platinum. He thor
oughly prospected the sand, sinking a
sixty-foot shaft and finding no sign of
bedrock, and the deeper he went the
greater percentage of platinum he found.
Forty claims were staked out and located
by Launtz and those with him, fourteen
of which Launtz took up for the St. Louis
Mining and Development Company, of
which he is a member. The forty claims
cover the whole deposit, it is stated.
Launtz then went to St. Louis to make
his report and to arrange for sending ap
paratus and supplies for working the
mine. He will leave here about the mid
dle of February for his return to Alaska,
and will at 'once begin the work of devel
oping his valuable discovery. As the
world's supply of platinum at present i 3
comparatively small and as 90 per cent of
that comes from the Ural Mountain's of
Russia, a mine as rich as Launtz reports
this to be will certainly make the for
tunes of those who own It.
Walter Newman Dead.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 13.— A telegram
was received to-day from Washington an
nouncing the death of Walter Newman,
a former resident of Santa Cruz. He waa
a graduate of the high school class of
1894 and the State University in 1898. After
graduation he went to Porto Rico, where
he was assistant to the Postmaster Gen
eral. While there he was transferred to
the Philippines, where he was to be audi
tor In the Postofflce Department. On the
way to the Philippines he was taken ill
with Porto Rico fever at Washington,
and after six weeks* Illness died. His
mother died here seven weeks ago. He
was a native of Montana and 25 years of
age. He was a cousin of the Hon. E.-> F.
Loud. »
» —
Constable Dumas Indicted.
FRESNO. Jan. 13.— The Grand Jury to
day returned an Indictment against Con
stable Dumas for putting in a fraudulent
claimjfor fees. He claimed $1 30 for ar
resting a vagrant that it appeared a po
liceman had Jailed, - .
WEAVING A WEB
AROUND THREE
MEN SUSPECTED
Police Believe They
Have the Hold-Ups.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 13.
The police feel confident that in the cap
ture of the three suspects at an early hour
yesterday morning tney secured the trio
of desperadoes wno have been terorizinn
the people of Oakland for the past four or
five months. Chief of Police HodgKins
stated to-night that the officers are grad
ually forging a chain of circumstantial
evidence around the prisoners which will
soon be complete enough to warrant a
charge of highway robbery being pre
ferred against the men.
William Dannaker, William Dowling
and James McCoy, the fellows who are
now in the tanks, were again put through
a searching cross-examination to-day, but
they still maintain their stolid reticencts
and no damaging admissions were eltcite<l
from them. The investigation on the out
side was more prolific of results, however,
and the police now have in their custody
three masks, two revolvers and a pair of
stolen shoes which they assert beiong to
the men now locked up. One of the weap
ons was found yesterday shortly after tho
prisoners were captured. The balance oi
the things were procured to-day.
"The masks were found in Dannaker'*
house,"' said Chief Hodgkins, "and the
revolver was discovered in the lot where
the prisoners were hiding when Patrolmen
Sherry and McSorley, Special Officer C.
T. Ford and Deputy Constable William
Moffatt captured them.
"We found the shoes hidden under a
culvert close by. I cannot say, for obvious
reasons. Just what other evidence has
been procured, but I will state, however,
that we have got one case against tha
men nearly completed, and in a few days
we will be able to take them into court
on a definite charge of felony."
When the prisoners were arrested a
black cap and a piece of candle were
found on one of them. Dannaker lives at
615 Sixth street, which is just opposite
the residence of Robert Vincent, tha
butcher who was shot by footpads sev
eral weeks ago. That job was done by
highwaymen who were evidently ac
quainted with the movements of their vic
tim, and an attempt was made to bur
glarize his store last Thursday night.
A rumor reached police headquarters
this afternoon to the effect that three.
masked men had sandbagged and robbed
a man out on San Pablo avenue, near tho
streetcar company's power-house, last
Sunday night. Ti.e story was vague and
failed to show who the victim was. Chief
of Police Hodgkins detailed a couple of
officers to investigate the matter, but they
were unable to procure any Information.
"The 'story Is without foundation." de
clared the Chief, "and I am paying nr>
attention to it. Since the hold-ups hetran
we have been flooded with stories of rob
beries which have had no foundation."
Physician Was Poisoned
OAKUND. Jan. 13.— Dr. W. F. B. Wake
field, the School Director, is laid up with
a severe attack of blood poisoning. At
one time this w<^k his condition was crit
ical, but he is now rapidly Improving and
is out of danger. The trouble arose from
a flpht scratch on the left thumb of the
patier.t.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA BERKELEY
JUDGE'S PECULIAR ERROR.
Special Dispatch to The Call
TOMALES. Jan. 11— S. A. Marshall, the
young man who figured in San Rafael
some time ago .as the star actor in a
pump gun test case, is again appearing as
the principal in a case of the same kind,
but which incidentally Involves a tangle
which will give legal experts food for
thought.
Marshall and his attorney, Charles
Wheeler, arrived here to-day, and Mar
shall went hunting with a proscribed
pump-gun. Wheeler thereupon swore out
a warrant for his arrest on the charge of
violating a county ordinance, to wit,
using a repeating shotgun.
Marshall was brought before Jud^e
Turner and sentenced to paya $20 fine or
serve twenty days. Then Wheeler peti
tioned the Judge that Marshall b» re
leased on his own recognizance pending
habeas corpus proceedings, for which he
was about to swear out a writ in the Su
preme Court. Judge Turner turned Mar
shall loose and, what is more remarkable,
without suspending judgment.
Now local legal lights are asking *»ach
other how can habeas corpus proceedings
be instituted on behalf of a free man.
Judge Turner will be out $20 to the Board
of Supervisors, and Attorney Wheeler will
laugh in his sleeve.
Granted a Divorce.
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— LilHe Latlmer was
granted a divorce from William J. Lati
mer by Judge Greene to-day. It wa*
given on the ground of willful neglect.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental ar.d
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premati-ra
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
¦ The remedy has a peculiarly gTat«fut
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
nuccess tn all cases. A request to ihe
State Medical Institute. 328 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the irto
sample will enable them to see how easy-
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample.
carefuly sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers arc
requested to write without delay.
RAMWAVS BKADV KKLIiS*' has stood
unrivaled before th* public (or 50 years as *
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sara Throats. Iniluenza. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
lor UaUria and ail Bowtl PaiosULU druggt»U»
SUDDEN DEMISE OF
REV. A. T. PERKINS
ALAMEDA, Jan. 13.— Rev. Alfred T.
Perkins, whose death is announced to
have taken place in New York Thursday,
was formerly rector of Christ Church in
this city. Rev. Mr. Perkins came here
from Astoria, Or., and for fourteen years
associated himself in the work of the
church. During his Incumbency the con
gregation increased and the handsome ed
ifice at the corner of Grand street and
Santa Clara avenue was built. About
eight years ago he resigned the pastorate
and went to Chicago, having become in
terested in an invention for the preserva
tion of fruits in transit. The enterprise
gave promise of success and he recently
located in New York, where he died sud
denly on January 8.
Rev. Mr. Perkins leaves a wife and two
daughters, one of whom was married a
month ago in San Francisco to Grant
Boyd. Mrs. Perkins is In California on
a visit to her daughter. Mrs. J. M. Bailey
of San Leandro.
RELIGIOUS CONGRESS
TO BE HELD IN OAKLAND
Beginning on January 21 a congress of
religions will be held under the auspices
of the Young People's Religious Union of
the First Unitarian Church, Fourteenth
and Castro streets, Oakland. The follow
ing programme has been arranged:
January 21— "The Claims of Judaism on the
Modern World," Rabbi Jacob Voorsanifer, D.D.,
LL.D. January 28— "The Claims of Roman
Catholicism on the Modern World." the Rev.
Henry H. Wyman, D.D., superior of the Pau!
lst Fathers and pastor of St. Mary's R. C.
Church, San Francisco. February * — "The
Claims of Protestant Orthodoxy on the Modern
World," Rev. Geotge C. Adams. D.D., First
Congregational Cnurch. San Francisco. Febru
iry 11— "The Claims of Liberal Religion on the
Modern World," Benjamin Fay Mills.
There will be no religious services. In
strumental music will be rendered at 7:45
p. m. The audience are requested to be in
their seats by 7:55 p. m., as the lecture
will beg,in promptly at 8 o'clock. The
course will be continued by addresses on
the ancient and modern forms of religion
and their claims to the world. Other sub
jects and speakers will be hereafter an
nounced. Admission and all seats free.
likewise had the habit of forgetfulness.
"There is an old saying that lawyers
make poor witnesses," said Major Mc-
Elrath, "and it comes mighty near being
true."
The case was continued for one week.
Judge Coffey will hold sessions every Sat
urday until it is finished.
dler in the hospital corps during the Re
bellion. Consequently he is an expert
with firearms and needs no practice.
The first day's proceedings in the case
were conducted with a decorum which
was ominous. Each side ignored the other
in the most studied manner, and there
was such a complete lack of verbal tilt
ing between the attorneys that the trial
became monotonous.
Most of the witnesses were lawyers who
had been interested in some way in the
original litigation between Simpson and
the late Joseph Macdonough. They were
unanimous in their ability to forget things
and none of them gave any testimony
which had a material bearing on the pres
ent suit. Simpson took the stand late in
the afternoon, but court adjourned before
he had an opportunity to tell much of
his story.
"I went to 'Nusy' when I was"
" 'Nusy?' Who's 'Nusy?' " asked Judge
Coffey. •
"Why, Judge Nusbaumer," replied
Simpson.
Then everybody, including the defend
ant, laughed. This aroused Simpson's ire
and he gave the balance of his statement
in an angry voice.
"Those lawyers were breaking me. they
charged so much," he declared, "and I
went to Judge Nusbaumer and told him I
wanted my suit against Macdonough set
tled. I. told him to do the best he could
for me and to make the attorneys scale
down their charges. I was especially em
phatic about that, because I wanted the
lawyers to leave a little money for myself
and my creditors. He agreed to do the
work for $150. When the suit was com
promised I went with Judge Nusbaumer
to the office of Attorney Cole in San Fran
cisco. He went in first and then stuck his
head out of the door and told me to keep
out, as Macdonough was there and there
would surely be a row If I entered. I
hung around for two hours, and was
finally frozen out, so I went home. The
next day Judge Nusbaumer told me he
had settled for $19,000."
"Judge Nusbaumer scaled down the
charges of the lawyers," said Attorney
M. C. Chapman as he took the stand, "and
I received tho Insignificant sum of $150 for
five solid weeks of work which I did for
Simpson."
Lawyer Chapman knew practically
nothing about the differences between
Judge Nusbaumer and Simpson. He was
followed by Attorney Moore.
"Judge Nusbaumer Is a life-long friend
of mine," he said, "and Simpson has been
my bitter enemy ever since I refused to
longer have him for a client one day in
1593. For that reason I shall be most care
ful in what I say."
Lawyer Moore exhibited a great inabil
ity to remember things and could throw
no light on the controversy. He was fol
lowed by several other attorneys, who
Better goods for the same
money — or the same goods
for less morie}' than else- 1
where.
Kingsford's Cornstarch. i
or Dureya's 4 pkgs 25C1
Quickly cooked. Quickly eaten.
Vuickly digested. Reguiar 3 for 25c J
Babbitt's Soap Powder i
"1776" iopkgs 25c
Yoa need only be reminded. ,
Others charge you more for it.
Log Cabin B. W. Flour '
Made from Mm- 2 JL _Vp- lOC '
neeota back- * lo P^-S xuv_
wheat. Self-raising. Regular 15c. 1
Dr. Handy's Prunes. lb 5c
This brand has been noted for
years as the finest cured prunes '
in tha stAte. Any fruit grower
will tell yoa 60. '
Sniders Catsup bot 20c 1
Many brands are offered yon "as j
pood as SaiderV" We will not
bother you with substitutes. Reg- j
ular »c.
Spreckel's Gran. Sugar '
Fin- dry. Pure 2_2 _ 11^ «*_. __(
cane sugar. * A J-Ui> ?¦*•• vAJ
Gutanala Coffee lb 15c
Boasted. You may b« paying 25c
for coffee— not as good. Our reg- i
ular price 30c. '
Ceylon Tea lb 40c 1
Fine, fragrant, flowery flavor. |
Regular oOc.
Columbus Tomatoes
Extra Standard. .„-_ c „ <
Belect fruit 4 Cans 25C
Natural color. '
Kofeko 2 lb pkg •
Th» original malted « r__ __ |
grain coffee. A 2 lOr 25C
n<'urishiDcr and health-giving |
bread ia liquid form. Children
grow fat and strong on it. 1
Sapolio 4 cakes 25C1
Brigtens everything.
Begnlar 3 for
Dunbar Shrimps.... can ioc
Genuine Baratatia. Cans are
liaed to prevent contents getting
in contact with the tin. Begular 15c- ,
Whole Pineapples
Singapore — fanry _ 11.. nnrx T n
j.ack4. Cheaper 3 1D Can JOCJ 0 C
tLan any fruit we know of.
MahrselPs Sardines
A genuine high -class rori jCiC
French sardine can lOC
Fttll size can. Regular 15c.
Eastern Corn Meal
Gold dust meaL T -. 1k co c"\r ora
Bright, yellow IO ID SaCK 2OC
color— sweet.
liquor specials:
Delivered from . r >U &th Pt., Oakland.
Delivered from 715 Market St.. 8. F.
IS9O Hermitage Whiskey
Distillery bottling. bot 9OC
Bine by ten en linn $1 CC
Bich by process of time.
Regular J1.3
Mellow by age and flavor.
Regular J4.5(
Beech Run Whiskey 1892
Bottled at distillery. bot 75C
LcnJsvilK Kentucky. __ 1 <f o (?.
Regular 90c &S i- *i. g3-^#>2.O^
Old Maryland Rye
Whiskey. .gallon $2.00
Guaranteed pure, straight goods.
St. Lawrence Port
Has the indorsement _ o n \. ~rn
of aineadlcgrbysicians.e«iCXl -J^c
Put up in very neat demijohns.
Ginjrer Ale— Doublln and Belfast
Domestic. " Didn't know l% n f C r
people drank Ginger Ale uul 0^
in winter J " They do. It's
good for every day in the year.
H s Market St. S. F. Shattuck Ay, Perkeley,
Hth & Wcui.ngton.Oak Central Av.Alamed*
1!t57 Broadway. " :th & Wood, Oak ,
-
MISS SHARON.
Mr. Allen dates back several years,
for at one time he lived in Oakland,
afterward moving to San Jose and
then to Seattle. Upon returning a few
months ago he heard Miss Sharon's
voice ai\d wrote to suit it a pastoral,
in which Miss Pauline Fore also sang
a part. The pastoral was presented
before a very fashionable audience
for the benefit of a charity, and won
praise for composer and singers. It
was whispered then that Miss Sharon
and Mr. Allen were engaged, but since
the bride's mother would not affirm
the rumor it grew to nothing more.
Miss Sharon is a graduate of the
Oakland High School and a student
at the University of California. After
the wedding in May Mr. Allen will
take his bride abroad and will there
resume his musical studies and work.
Society will miss Miss Sharon greatly,
for she is beloved for not only her
beauty, which is of the spirituelle
type, but for her graciousness and
thoughtfulness for others.
At to-night's dinner, which was the
announcement dinner as well as tha
feast in honor of a returned friend,
the guests were; Dr. and Mrs. Ray
mond Palmer (Mme. Nevada), Miss
Mlgnon Palmer, Mrs. H. C. Mygatt,
Miss Cora Young, Miss Elsa yon
Mandersheld, Miss Pauline Fore. Miss
Florence Sharon, Miss Blanche Sha
ron, Peter C. Allen, Robert C, Newell,
Walter Leimert, William Mem and
Claude Sharon.
Following the dinner there was a
small" and informal reception. The in
vitations had been sent out only to
musical people and to neighbors.
Mme. Nevada not feeling equal to a
large function. The singer, her hus
band and daughter will remain at the
Sharon home to-night and will return
to San Francisco to-morrow.
SEVERAL BRITISH
GENERALS BREAK DOWN
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— A World special
from London says: Lord Methuen is not
the only victim of the strain of this war.
It is now admitted everywhere that Gen
eral Symons rushed to his death in a
frenzy of despair on seeing the British
regiment beaten at Glencoe.
General Yule has been living in the
strictest seclusion since his arrival in
London. He is prematurely aged and
feeble.
General Barton, who led a brigade at
Colenso, is said to have been invalided
home. He had the same sad experience
from that terrible fight.
Even General Buller*s health, it is de
clared, is suffering gravely, and if his new
movement fails it is deemed certain that
he will return. Generals Kitchener, Hec
tor McDonald, Tucker and French are
now the sole remaining hope of the Brit
ish army.
ANOTHER WARSHIP
AT SANTO DOMINGO
Difficulties Between That Country and
France Have, However, Been
Satisfactorily Arranged.
SANTO DOMINGO, via Haytian cable,
Jan. 13. — Another French warship arrived
here to-day, but the difficulty between
France and Santo Domingo has been sat
isfactorily arranged through the French
admiral and the officials of the Govern
ment. The latter will probably issue a
proclamation thanking the public for its
patriotic feelings and declaring at the
same time there was no intention to
offend France in the patriotic demonstra
tions or to molest its representative. The
French warship Suchet left yesterday.
Darling a Bankrupt.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 13.— Sanford Dar
ling, a Santa Barbara grocer, to-day filed
a petition in bankruptcy in the United
States District Court. The schedule shows
unsecured liabilities, due mainly to San
Francisco, and Los Angeles jobbers,
amounting to $1413 92, with no secured
claims. The stock of merchandise and
other personal property is valued at $640,
while accounts said to be worthless are
listed at $2827.
Miners Killed by an Explosion.
BUTTE, Mont.. Jan. 13— By the pre
mature explosion of a blast on the 1700
foot level of the Mount Con mine this
afternoon Peter Sullivan and Thomas
Smith were instantly killed. Both were
single men.
ENGAGEMENT Of FLORENCE SHARON
TO PETER C. ALLEN ANNOUNCED
FIGHT BETWEEN
SIMPSON AND
NUSBAUMER ON
Judge Coffey Hearing
the Case.
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— Judge Nusbaumer
and his friends marched into the Supe
rior Court to-day, each armed with a
large, rapid fire revolver and a determi
nation to fight until the last man
dropped should hostilities occur. Attor
ney McElrath. R. S. Simpson and their
followers also proceeded to the Temple
of Justice in columns of, fours, with
death-dealing devices secreted in their
right hip pockets. They looked fierce and
warlike and stood in martial array while
Judge Coffey of San Francisco opened
court and commenced the hearing of the
famous suit for an accounting com
menced some time ago by Simpson
against Nusbaumer. Almost every law
yer in Oakland was present, eagerly look
ing for a clash. The only man who look
ed scared was his Honor from across the
bay, and he intrenched himself behind
an array of briefs and law documents
that were hard enough to stop a cannon
ball.
Judge Nusbaumer purchased the larg
est pistol the hardware market affords
and has been treking out to the veldt
back of the city every day during the
past month, where he has been indus
triously practicing on a target that was
rigged up to look like his enemy. Simp
son had also been making trips out to
the firing line and can now occasionally
hit the bullseye when the target is not
too far away. Major McKlrath was a sol-
BRANDS CHARGES
AGAINST WOMEN
AS UNWARRANTED
Mrs. Pelton Replies to
Maloon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Jan. 13.
Mrs. Margaret B. Pelton, the official
press agent of the W. C. T. U.. has is
sued a statement in mply to the recent
charges made by License Inspector
Henry Maloon that Oakland women se
cured liquor in drugstores. She defends
the Oakland women, and says:
"The Oakland W. C. T. U. has
taken no action upon drugstores as
yet, while deeply anxious to strike
a blow at the traffic whenever an op
portunity offers. We are quietly
canvassing the groceries of Oakland
to ascertain how many of them fur
nish liquor to their patrons. This
work is done by a large committee,
whose work has been hindered by the
recent storms, but which will soon
be completed.
"I believe that License Inspector
Maloon is mistaken about our society
women drinking or visiting drug
stores to procure liquor. There may
be Isolated cases of this kind, but the
large representation of Oakland so
ciety women In all clubs and associa
tions of educational, civic and phll
anthropical alms forbids the thought
that many of the class have so far
forgotten the noblesse oblige as to
degrade their own high standing.
"Fabiola Hospital is a grand monu
ment to which every Oaklander points
with pride as the work of these la
dies, and there are half a score lesser
institutions that are blessing the citi
zens of Oakland built up and con
stantly cared for and supported by
these noble women.
"Let us give honor where honor is
due. and do not be so ready to throw
stones at these birds of finer plumage
who have added so much to the
beauty of our fair city and have
given it, bo far as they could, the
right to be called the 'City of
Homes.'
"The kind of talk indulged in by
Mr. Maloon Is too prevalent, and
while it may not cause a ripple of
comment among the accused it does
and will have its influence upon
those who are Just forming their
opinions and habits. Anything which
tends to lower respect and veneration
for women, high or low, has a down
ward tendency for the youth of the
community.v,
"When we begin to tear down or de
face the ornamental facades and tt c
minarets, domes and spires of our so
cial fabric it will not be long before
the effect is felt to the deepest foun
dation.
"What a beautiful world this would
be if men drank as little, swore as lit
tle and were as devoted to good
works as their sister women. Cradled
together in the same loving mother's
arms, guided together by the same
gentle counsel, why should it be need
ful for the paths in life to diverge so
radically that what is right for the
brother becomes a public scandal
when applied to the Flster?
"MARGARET B. PELTON."
FRUIT-GROWERS WILL
BE WELL REPRESENTED
Prune District Has Been Thoroughly
Canvassed — Sentiment is Unan
imous for Organization.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 13.— The entire prune
area of the State will be represented at
the convention of dried fruit men which
convenes here in the Unitarian Church
Monday morning, and it will be the most
important meeting of deciduous fruit
growers ever held on the Pacific Coast.
There will be about 400 delegates present,
representing fifteen counties of the State.
Every prune section has been thoroughly
canvassed, and it is asserted that the
organization to be formed will control
fully 55 per cent of the prune output of
the State. The growers are unanimous
in favor of organization and are taking an
unusual interest.
The convention will be called together
by S. P. Saunders, the chairman of the
committee appointed to make arrange
ments for the meeting. This committee
will also report in favor of organization
under the co-operative act of 1&95, form
ing an association similar to that of the
raisin growers. It is expected that at
least two days will be occupied in ef
fecting organization. Such prominent
horticulturalists as Messrs. Naftzger of
the Orange Growers' Association, Kear
ney of the Raisin Growers, Sprague of
the Southern California Deciduous Grow
ers, R. L.. Stephens, Secretary Lelong of
the Horticultural Commission and others
will be in attendance.
As soon as organization is effected in
corporation will be had under the State
law and the preliminary work for the
handling of the coming crop begun.
A meeting of green fruit men will be
held in Hale's Hall at the same time and
an organization also formed.
When these two bodies have been
firmly established they will undoubtedly
unite and handle their products through
one central head in the East.
CLAIMS GROWING OUT
OF THE PHILIPPINE WAR
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13,-It is probable
that claims amounting in the aggregate
to many millions of dollars will be made
against the United States by persons who
have lost property through military op
erations in the Philippine Islands. One
suit for J2SQ.WO has uiready been begun
through tne New York Export and Import
Company of this city.
This claim grows out of the bombard
ment of lloilo by Admiral Dewey's ships.
It is made on behalf of Hallman & Co., a
firm of Swiss merchants who had an es
tablishment in that city. When the Amer
ican troops landed in lloilo General Otis
proclaimed American sovereignty and
Hallman &. Co., with other foreign mer
chants took out licenses enabling them to
continue operations. Soon afterward the
insurgents threatened the city in the rear
and General Otis asked the Navy Depart
ment to send vessels to bombard their
trenches. In anticipation of the bombard
ment he issued an order notifying foreign
residents that the city would be shelled
and giving them sixty hours in which to
withdraw their merchandise.
Admiral Dewey's ships were two days
ahead of time, and began shelling the
rebel trenches as soon as they arrived.
The city was set on fire and the ware
houses of Hallman & Co. were destroyed.
They immediately made a protest to
General Otis on the ground that the
American Government, being in charge of
the city, was responsible for the loss, es
pecially as it was inflicted by American
guns and not by Filipinos. Their prop
erty was insured for $110,000, but this can
not be collected, as companies are ' not
liable for losses resulting from an act of
war. The suit will be decided by Congress
and the Court of Claims.
Hallman & Co. were correspondents of
the New York Export and Import Com
pany, which has other correspondents
similarly situated. The treasurer of the
company said to-night that so far as he
knew no other claims had yet been filed,
but that others probably would be made
in the near future.
Dr. Snider Dead.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— Dr. T. A. Sni
der, a prominent physician of this city,
died to-nignt of appendicitis. He was op
erated on yesterday, but the disease had
been allowed to progress too far. He was
a native of Virginia and 74 years of age.
SON-IN-LAW IS
CLEANED OUT BY
MOTHER-IN-LAW
She Took Furniture,
Wife and Babe.
OAKLAND. Jan. 13.— Harry Sparber Is
minus his girl-wife, his infant babe and a
t-et of furniture valued at $500. He claims
i hat the whole outfit was captured and is
betas illegally detained by his mother-in
law. Mrs. Sarah Hysourah Walters, for
which he demands $10,000 damages. Spar
ber also declares he will beg-In habeas cor
pus proceedings to secure possession of
the human portion of his household and
replevin proceedings to get back the bal
ance cf his property.
Mrs. Waiters Is a woman of considera
ble wealth and resides at 711 Broadway.
Her 17-year-old daughter and Sparber
•were married on June 2S. IS3S. and moved
to Angels Camp, where they set up in
housekeeping and were getting along in
the most turtle dove fashion until Mrs.
Walters made her appearance. Then
trouble commenced and it has been pre
vailing ever elnce.
The young husband protested against
the efforts of hi? mother-in-law to run
his household so she left and incidentally
took ail of the furniture belonging to
Sparber with her. He then took his wife
end baby to San Francisco to reside and
had been there but a short time when his
mother-in-law once more became an aw
ful presence In his domicile.
Onre more she declared herself dictator
of the little household and Sparber again
objected to her rule of bosslsm. Upon his
return from work one day recently he
found his home deserted.
"My mother-in-law enticed my wife
away from me and I am confident that
the is being detained against her ¦will."
declared Sparbcr. "When we were mar
ried my mother-in-law promised to set
me up in business. Instead of doing: so
ehe rave me an old second-hand eet of
furniture. Then she took that away and
now she has got my wife and baby. Rose
and I always jrot along finely until her
mother commenced to interfere with us."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
French Preparation of
"CALTHOS"
For Lost Manhood.
Full 5 Days' Treatment
By Sealed Maiio
NO C.O.D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
Every person who is a sufferer from nervous
diseases should write the Yon Alohl Co., Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, at once, and accept their offer
of a five days trial treatment free of charge.
This is no C. 0. 1). or DEPOSIT scheme but a
liberal proposition made to unfortunate suf-
f orers by thl3 long-established concern, which
Is the largestimporter of specifics for nervous
and sexual diseases in the world.
The Yon Mohl Co. has the sole American
rights for Prof. Laborde's French preparation
of "Oalthos," the only remedy known to ad-
vanced medical science that will positively
cure nervous debility. Thi3 remedy has for
years been used as a specific In the French
and German armies, and since its introduc-
tion into the United States has cured many
thousands of sufferers, and the remarkable
success of the remedy in Europe has been re-
peated in this country.
In order to place this wonderful treatment
in the hands of every person who suffers the
mental and physical anguish of sexual weak-
ness, The Yon Mohl Co., has decided to send a
free trial treatment to all who write at once.
The remedy is sent by mail In a plain pack-
age, and there is no pu bl lcity in receiving it or
taking it. Accompanying the medicine there
is a full treatise in plain language for you to
read. Take the medicine privately with per-
fect safety, and a sure cure is guaranteed.
Lost vitality creeps upon men unawares.
Do not deceive yourself or remain la igno-
rance while you are being dragged down by
this insidious disease. 3No matter what tho
cause may be, whether early abuses, excesses
or overwork and business cares, the results
are the same — premature loss of strength and
memory, emissions, impotency.varicocele and
shrunken parts. This specifllc remedy will
cure you at any stage be fore epilepsy results,
with ensuinz consumption and insanity. "Oal-
thos" goes directly to the seat of the trouble,
no matter of bow long standing?, and the pa-
tient feels tho benefit of the first day's treat-
ment. In five days the medicines sent frea
will make you feel like a new man.
The Yon Mohl Co. often receives the most
astonishing testimonials from persons who
have taken Only five days* treatment. They
hare thousands of testimonials from those
who have been permanently cured after bav-
inz been given up by doctors, misled and
rained in health by disreputable medical
schemers, and when they had given up their
last hope for health and happiness J«o sen-
sible person will permit his namo to be used
for a testimonial as an admission that he had
any of the diseases for which the preparation
of "Calthos" is a specific cure. Some Irre-
sponsible advertisers are using "made-up*
testimonials, but the Yon Mohl Co. invaria-
bly declines to make public the names or cor-
respondence of any patients who harm been
cured by "Calthos?*
Five days' treatment will bo placed In your
hands free of cost, and you are earnestly
urged for your own sake to send for it with-
out delay. Write to day and send your ad-
dress. It is not necessary to give embarrass-
ing details of your Symplons. The book ac-
companying the five days* treatment will en-
able you to take the medicine ia private and
treat yourself successfully at home. It costs
nothing to try this remedy. 1 1 may costyou
a irreat deal more to let this offereo by. write
today. Address THE YON MOHL CO. 875 B.
CINCINNATI, OHIO. Largest Importers of
Standard Preparations In the United States-
Millions Use
CASCARETS. Surprising-, isn't it, that within three years our
sales are over 5,000,000 boxes a year? That proves merit. Casca-
rets do good for so many others, that -*m nr^e you to try just a 10c
box. Don't put it off I Do it today.
jt^^gsr^^ CANDY CATHARTIC
When you ask for Cascarets, don't let the dealer substitute some-
thing else. There is nothing else as good as Cascarets, and if yoa
are not pleased wo pay your money back. 10c, 25c, 50c, all drug-
gists. Sample and booklet free. Address Sterling 1 Remedy Co.,
Chicago or JJew York.
Best for the Bowels
23SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
TtmNHSS OFFICE ef t*» Kan Francisco
Call, corner of UsrU«?t ar.d Third *_-eets. open
entJl 12 o'clock M-ery right 1n the r*»r.
BRANCH OFFICES— t!T Montgomery street,
comer Cl«y; ©pen until t:SO p. m.
W Hayes rtreet; open ur.tli S:SO f\ m-
«SS HcUUIISSj~C »treet: "pen until 9:13 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until »:S0 p. m.
J»4l MirMon street: open until 1« p. m.
fttl Msrket street, corner Sixteenth: open
crt'l ! p. m.
jre Eleventh rtrwt: open until I p. tn.
!PP€ Valencia street; open until • p. o.
ISJ Pclk street; open until » p. m.
Northwest ccrner cf Tw ;-Eeccnd and Era-
tuefcy streets: cpen uritil J p. m.
CIIIRCH SERVICES.
m I AT The S-^ANCtßS' sa«bath HOMk
I I <tn) Howard St. .Metf.odist-Epi»cop».
m R Chutch Bet. Ed &jd Sts. Seat* Free.
f , R*v. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Pastor
jgl\ jjJl| Res. byttieChtrch. Tel. Black »*«.
fh l/s? ftn n f\ v '- ort " ble **** )
ULf • rJid A Ili lunrenis (rreetir.g > Await *•
jalaJw wV/rJial welcome *
t*»! 2Z f A % li _. m., ecnr.on; offertory solo
Jt|!«E ! jxl liV &'¦** Addle McClunie; J2:M.
SmBES tMs Sunday bcliool, c.2' 1 . Young Peo-
ft '*y— * -'¦ ;., s me< :::'.fc . 7:30. serin on
•T"_t-:r»s"; ofivrtory duet by illwies Mabel and
Ethel lerkms. Miss Flora Bellinger will fol-
low the sermon with a eong. AfUr meeting re-
vival service even- night during the week.
FIRST Concrrcational Church, cor. Pout and
Mason fta.— Kev. George O. Adama, D. D..
i.fc»tor will preach morning and evening; at
11 a. m.. theme. 'The Ilelng of God"; at 7:3tt
p tn.. "Busy Here and There." All are cor-
dlally ln\lted.
BRACE M. E. Church, corner Twenty-first and
Capp sts.. Rev. J. N. Heard. D. U.. pastor—
11 a. tn.. preaching by our presiding eider,
Ur. W. W. Case; 11:45 p. m., Sunday-school.
J. G. 6anche£. superintendent; 6:15 p. m.,
Epwortfc League meeting, led by R. A. Ilis-
ccx. subject. "In the Far Country"; 7:SO p.
rn._»preachlng ry the pastor. Everybody cor-
dially invited. Seats fre«. j
CENTENARY M. E. Church. South. Bunh
street, between Gough ar.d Oetavia. Rev. J.
E. Moore, pastor— Preaching at !1 a. m. by j
l!ev. Dr. C. B. lUddick. P. E- Special music
by <juanei choir. Evening service at 4 :Ji>
o'clock. Music by chorus choir. Prayer meet-
ing Wednesday. 7:13 p. m. All are welcome.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Pow-
eil and Geary stn^eis. Rev. Jcfcn Hemphill.
U. I>.. pat-tor— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:JO
p. m. In the evening an evans<?:i»Ue service.
with evancellstic music. Topic. ••ITttennoet j
SaU-atlon." All are cordially invited. ]
FIRST Church <tf Christ. Scientist. C*r.trai 1
block. 223 Gutter «t.. bet. Kearr.y and Orant j
aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson at 1
a. m.: subject. "Truth": Sunday-school for
children at the name hour. Wednesday even- I
lr.g noting at S o'clock. All tre welcome.
THE First Divine Sc!«nce Church— M. E. Cra-
mer raster. EMsflocr*- at 11 a. m.; subject.
'The Power of the Word." Servics every
Funday in refecmUt Hall. Native Sons' build-
ing. Mason *t., between cit>ary and I'uet. Take
elevator.
lIF:"ROAN*IZKD Church of Jesus Christ. 220]
Post ittreet— Prwachlng 11 a. m. and 7:SO j>. m |
Morning subject. "What Is Man That Thou !
Art Mindful <.f Hl-iT" This church clalni3 !
to be founded upon divine revelation. Matt, j
xx:l»T6: lirv. _lv:6. 7. Believers in ftorist ep<»- •
ciaJly Invited. "What Has Ocd Made Por.sl- |
1 > For Man by Obedience T' C. S. Parkin, i
j astor. ,
CHURCH of Jesus rhrist of Latter Day Saints j
— Pej-ijcts, U a. ir. and 7:O p. m. Sur.iiay. I
Jar.uaiy 'A. at Pythian Hall. K9 Market [
-».re*l. rider J. T. AXkta will addr»-s the «
evening congregation on toj'ics of Mormon I
faith. i
AfROCIATIOSI A-ditortum. Mas'-n and EUta]
streets— Mass meeting for men only to-day at
3 o'clnck; Bddre#s by J. M. I>lck of Boston
on "The Notorious Rubber." Seats frf«:
young men invited to attend.
THE Th«-osos>Wcal Society— Lecture to-night In
Theosophic Hall. Odd IVUows* bul'din-.
"Mercury, the Planet of Indivl.lualization,"
by Mrs. M. C Bell. Golden chain, 11 a. m.
FO<"IFTY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occlden- '
tad Hal!. <i»rner Lai kin and McAllister. Sun-
day. T::» p- m.: speaker. Mm. R. S. Ltllle:
Fuhject. "A Pronhetlc Spiritual Outlonk."
MEETINGS — SUNDAY.
A FREE lecture this evening. 8 o'clock, on
•"Electrical Science— lts Past. Present and
Future." by V*r. J. Per**' Kergan tot I>rs.
K. & X.'s Electric Penitartumt, Crystal Hall,
Pythicn <*astle. ?••» Murket et., followed by
magnlfWr.t vl*>--« of Norway, "the land of
tbe ni'dnifVit »un." Those attending thle lec-
ture ir.ay procure free tickets to the X-Kay
exhibition st the Sanitarium, corner of Mar-
ket and Mason sts., Tuesday evening next.
AT DR. RISES' Spiritual Society, S0» Market—
11 -J, free; 1. 10c: Mrs. Seeley, Vlgers . Renne.
Gre«Mi: all tfts at 1 p. m. ; Central Lyceum in
Crueade Hall; Mr. Col'.lngs. director: all wel-
come.
CHILDREN'S Progressive Lyceum end Free.
Spiritual Library, 9tt) Market at.; 10:80; sub-
ject. "Kindness." '
'
EDWARD EAKLEP usance to-r.ight. 235 Ellis
St.; S o'clock.
AT Friendship Hall. 235 McAllister: sittings:
t*-*ts to all every night. ll)c; Mra. Meyer, G!l-
lingham.
KAtTeTheUSM ANN'S symbol test circle this
eve.. S p. m.: tests to all. 641 Jeesle, off 7th.
MRS. MlLLEH— Business sittings: circle Sun.,
Tu«"s. and Thurs.. 7:30 p. m. 2824 Mission st.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Market st.. bet. 10th and
11th; circle Tu*s., 8 p. ra. ; sittings daily.
MME. YOt' NgT6C3 McAllister; convincing _em-
onrtraticn «f spirit return to-night; 10c.
C. V. MILLERS etherealizlng. ma-.-rUl!zlng
seance, g p. m.; iiOc. <C 8 Leavenwcrth st.
.-»T 117 l_xkJn i-t . ttFt s*_r.oe: Mrs. Wrrnn.
Profs. O«s. ar>d Fisher; gool music
MRS. UEN'A FRANCIS. Independent slate
wrttir.s medium. lIS Hairht »t. ¦•
UiSKTlM_aW^%lTcir-fcl Hrothcrhood.
TIIEOSOPHICAL Society in Am«-rlca. 81» Mar-
ket st.— Lecture to-n'ght. "Theosophy as an
Kducator," by Miss E. J. Whlttler. Interna-
tional Brotherhood League Tuesday night;
subject. "Unfortunate Women."
MECTLXi NOTICES.
KING Solcmcr.'B Lodge No. £f-0, F. and _
A. M.— The officers and raetr.bers are __%_
I-} ;<m«-,! to ..\:'Tfi 'he fur.nal of our >£5f
¦.*-.—;..-.:! brother. CHARLES HAN-»V'
SEN BOWEKS. from the Masonic Temple,
corner Poft and Mantgoniery nu.. on SUN-
DAY. Jan. 14, l?<*s. at 1 o'clock p. m.
HAHUY PAEHB. Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. t^_*_tofc.
}' - "!• officers s:iu the funeral
oommlttee of the above lod_« are
hereby notified to assemble at Odd £«J»aTP
Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
*ts., on SUNDAY, January 14, at 1:80 o'clock
p ro., for the purpose of -ttendlng th» fu-
neral of our late brother, GUST. MALECH,
P. G. n> order.
CHAS. QUA ST. Financial Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge ~No. 2>>4. I. jj<'_l«_<'C~j j<'_I«_<'C~
O. o. r.-Jl'mbirj assemble at __s^>§~
loSg'-roora en SUNDAY. Jan. 14.
et *:30 oVl<x-k a. m., to attend the 'vtfaw'
fur.cral of our late Brother. W. IL JONES,
ami assemble et I p. m.. same day, to attend
funeral of our deceased Brother, X CONNOR.
E. LUTLEY. N. O.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. .^vJ^a.
'¦ X Instnllatl >n r,f r.rTU »rs i~^»_&?S.
MONDAY EVENING. January -^r<EGS?
IS. . Visiting brothers welcome. »^»«»»
H. L. TODD. N. Q.
UNITY Loc>e No. ISL I. O. O. F.. -**&*&».
Sixteenth and Valencia Fts— lnl-
•iii::, TUESDAY EVENING. "fSfPS?"
Jan. li. Visitors Invited. -"*/<««¦
OEO. P. PRECHTEL. tf. O.
H. F. THOMPSON. Rec. Sec.
TRIUMPH Lodge No.lio. A. O. U. W.—
Officer* anO members, you i;re notified ;j/' J 5» 5
to meet at your hall. I. O. O. F. bui!d-lv_|K:
ln«. eUNDAY. Jan. 14, at IM p. m.,«SF'
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
A. H. lIENTfc.
FRANK R. MAP.GETTS. M. W.
J. H. CATTUAN. Recorder.
6PFCI AL Notice— 6t. Patrtck'a Day t_>-%7
Convention— The calling of the St. \vWSJ
Patrick's l>ay Convention cf US> has'sS'NNß
twren poftt:>on<?d to SUNDAY. Jan 2i rf \mS>
I*oo. when t>ald <-onventlon will be iV^ES
held at t p. m. In K. R. B. Hall. Mission #t
near Seventh. J. J. BARRETT President
JNO. «¦ BANNERMAN. Seci4tar>%
BT. ANDREW'S Society will cele- v «^T~
brate the 14!et anniversary of the 2i. f&Sh
birth of ROBERT BURNS by a
concert and dance at Scottish Hall.
137 Larkin «.. on FRIDAY EVENING :cth
met. WILLIAM BALNAVES, Preildent
A. R. PATTERSON. Sec— tarr.
THE anniversary party of Columbia Council
l)° • — . Y. M. [_ will take place In Pioneer
Hall, FIUPAY EVENING, January 26. im
GEORGE E.JDEVINE. RecrWanT'
THE California Debris Commission, having re^
calved applications to mine by the hvdraullc
prores* from J. F. Cotvderr. In the Lucky
I'olnt mine, nrar St. Louie. Sierra Co., to de-
poelt tailings In a worked-out pit; from Chas
6. Dlrtem. in the Riffle Point Halm, at Orasa
Flat. Fler— . Co.. to deposit tailings In Grass
Flat Ravjne; from Morris J. William*. In the
Weeds Point mine, near Camptonvllle, Yuba
Co., to deporit tailings In a ravine, and from
K. A. Moody tn the InsklD placer mine, at
Oold Run, Placer Co., to deposit taillnra In
Bquirea Rarine. gives notice that a meeting
will be h«l_ at room CS. Flood buiiaiiur. San
F—nclSv-o. Cal.. on January 2». 1900. at l:J0
». m.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Fire Department— /«^_-J .
The n-ffular funeral detail of th» de- aEwBV*
pnitment will assemble et 25 Knglr.e W J-
THIS DAY, at 12 o'clock m.. for the purpose
of attending the funeral of the late THOMAS
PENDERGAST.' late member of this depart-
ment. By order.
D. T. SULLIVAN. Chief of Dept.
ANNUAL meeting.— The postponed annual
meeting of the stockholders of the KILAUEA
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be
held at the office of the company. No. 327
Market street San Francisco. California, on
THURSDAY, the 25th day of January. 13C0,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electlnc a board of directors to serve
fcr the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meetlr.g. Transfer books will close en Satur-
day, January U. I*«>. *t 12 ocl-ick m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders Of the OCEANIC BTBAII-
FHIP COMPANY will be held at the office of
the company. r*7 Market *t.. San Francisco.
Cal.. on MONDAY, the KJ day of January.
lfcA at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
jerve for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such otfcer business aa may wrae be-
fcre the meetlnc. Transfer books will close
en FRIDAY January 12. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p, zn. E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting-The annual meet-
lr.r of the stockholders cf the UNION IKON
WORKS will be held at the nfflce of th* com-
pany. ~2 Market <=t.. Pan Francisco, on TUfc-S-
DAY January M. 19W. Nt 11:30 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of such ether business as may
come befcre the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office. tH Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
January 9, 1800.^ •
BORP.OW on diamonds: secrecy: private en-
trance: private rms. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF A.'MAFERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
glst and palmist In the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: R W. KING, room 15. first floor.
Chronicle building: no advance charges; all
cases: estates, mortrages, damages, collec-
tions: bankruptcy; wills, etc.. drawn; moder-
ate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without ruccess; collections. O. W.
HOWT£ atty at law. t5O Market, cor. fitocktn.
ADVICE fr-e; no charge unless successful. W.
TST. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
F H. MERZBACH, attorney at law, has re-
sumed practice at COS Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket tt.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 58
week up. with b-wrd $5 10; suite for two with
beard. $12; board. $1 week; meals, ZJc; ele-
vator runs all night
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT. 1714 Market— Elegant
new furniture; fir?t-claps In every re?pect;
table unsurpassed: hot and cold water; ele-
vator: eultes. with board for-2, $50 month up.
BUSH. 1124— Elegant suites and single rooms;
board; bath: grate: sun: beautiful reception
room; refer»r.ce«; reasonable.
THK Nrrmnndle. 2M Eddy: sunny suites and
Fingle roomts. house completely renovated;
new carpets: n<-w furniture; excellent tuble;
nfw management.
NE'.W family hotel: flrst-class In all appolnt-
rr#r.tf : excellent table. SC7 California it. oc-
curring corner opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny suites; best beard; for Z, f."O up; single. $20.
lIAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
LAS PALMAR, ISW Market et.— Suite of 2 cr 3
nns.; private; bath; sin. rms: taard optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
BORROW on planes, furniture, diamonds,
paintings: serrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Within 10 minutes' walk of Palace
Hotel, dc-üble bedroom, with bath and sitting-
room; sunny atpect; meals for 2 to be served
in sitting-room. Address box 4224, Call office.
ANY amount to loan you on diamonds; low In-
terert. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would Hke to take care of a child; good
home. Address C 3 Minna Bt.
WANTED— To board 2 or S children. Call or
address J. D. PUTERBAfGH. 2CI Minna st.
TO beard— An Infant or small child; $10 per
tncnth. 110 Lexington aye.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
¥cHOOL "BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holm»s Hock Co.. 704 Mlsslca st. near Third.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAINS.
BOYS' etrong rhoe», 75c; boys' fine shoes. $1; In-
fants' fhoes. 15c: children's shoes, 60c up; la-
_ie»" shoes, $1; men's boots, special, tl 75. Peo-
ple's Phoe Ftor*. 1303 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
MLSIVESS CHANCES.
HOME kitchen and delicatessen; clears $6 dally;
sacrificed b«rcause of sickness: genuine snap.
OALE A. BENSON, 820 Parrott building.
SPECIAL forced sale— Halrdresslng and dress-
n^-ktng i>arlor; old estab. ; central; any offer
considered. Gale A. Benson. 320 Parrott bldg.
DAINTY little home restaurant; central; good
business- 4 living rooms; sickness forces sale:
enap. GALE & BENSON. *20 Parrott building.
COMPETENT lady with $550; superintend good
paying boarding house; good established busi-
ness; big profits. GALE. 320 Parrott building.
$100 PER month to party with $200; money se-
cured. GALE & BENSON, ?20 Parrott bldg.
A SACRIFICE ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS.
• tiyf— Business receipts $40 dally: net profit
of $200 a month; a give away for $1250; trial
given. KREDO A CO., 22\4 Geary st.
$1750— HOTEL; 23 rooms; good bar trade.
$TiCO— Partner: transfer and storage; money se-
cured: rare chance. KREDO A C0..22H Geary.
$400— RESTAURANT; $40 dally; $125: coffee par-
lor. KREDO & CO.. 221* Geary St.. room 29.
$75 — BRANCH bakery and stationery; don't miss
this: 2 rooms. KREDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary st.
FINE saloon on Market st. ; a snap; this day.
LOWING A- CO.. 1130 Market et.
CANDY store; central part city; must selL
COWING A CO.. 1120 Market st.
CIGAR store on Market St.; clears $100 per
month: a enap. COWING * CO.. 1130 Market.
CORNER grocery: a snap; cause, party has
paralysis. COWING & CO.. »95 Market st
$::«— SALOON; bargain: this day; satisfactory
, reason fcr selling. McLAUGIILIK & CO..
7774 Market st.
$350— BLACKSMITH shop and wagon business;
bargain; on account of departure. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777H Market st
SALOON — On best ccrner. In live town near
this city; cheap; mutt sell. M. GRIFFIN,
71? Market st- near Call building.
OLD- ESTABLISHED cigar store; good reasons
for selling. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway.
RESTAURANT~for sale. Apply 131 EUla Bt. or
Curtln & Ileale's. rm. ?4. 3d floor. Mills bldg.
FOR sale-8200 will buy a first-class tailor busi-
ness, good will, fixtures, tools, etc.. In a pros-
perous country town of 10,000 Inhabitants;
e\ - erythlng in store, including goods and trlrn-
tnlns;s. will be sold 10 per cent below cost
(optional); cause, aicknees. Addresa box 4151,
Call office.
LIGHT manufacturing business for sale; Im-
mense profits; suitable for lady or gentleman;
will stand thorough investigation: death and
sickners cause for selling ; or would take part-
ner who would take entire charge of the busl-
wps: half Interest for 12300. Box 2056, Call.
J7SOO— A FIRST-CLASS cloak arui dress suit
liuslr.wis, established 16 years. In one of the
l*r» county seat towns of thla State; cnlv
reason for xellinr. want to retire and enjoy
life: will take part tn exchange. Room 523,
Parrott bldg.. San Francisco.
CHANCE cf a lifetime; $1500. $1000 cash, will
buy furnishings flrst-rlaes family rooming
and apartment house; 40 rooms; very easlly
managed; owner leaving city. Box 2053, Call.
FOR sale— First-class country 8-page newspa-
per: 14 years old; population of town 1500; 30
miles from county seat; one-third down, bal-
ance on time. Address A. G. MUNN, San Ja-
dnto, Cal.
CAPE NOME MINES.
Wanted— Capital to work mines; no triflers
or second-class promoters wanted. Address
box 42SS. Call office. - . , ;:,
CAPE NOME— Low freight rate on limited
amount merchandise will foe made by party
having vessel and part cargo; first-clasa vea-
wl; early sailing. Box 41C2, <?all office.
$2500— G ROCERY business in one of the best
country towns; fine modern store tn center of
town: plenty -of room to add general slock
! Inquire nt 20 Lafayette st. city.
$5000— A FIRST-CLABS family hotel; patronised
by best class of- people; good paying business-
wiling on account of sickness, R.. box 2577
Call office. •
FOR cale cheap— Butter and eggs business"
food location; bargain. Box 2J67, Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
EFECI'rATION-$2O margins 1000 grain, 2c; send
for our booklet. Speculation, free. J. K.
COMSTOCK &.CO.. 23 Traders' bidg. Chicago.
PROSPEROUS restaurant, 4 rooms. 1909 McAl-
lister St.. half block from carhouse, for sale
cheap on account ot sickness; rent reasonable.
DELICACY, bread, candy, milk; will positively
be sold this week; account sickness; milk
pays rent. Call 410 Brannan St.. near Third.
FOR sale— Peddling route: wagon, team, etock.
1 dry coods. notions: owner made $7000 in S
I years. C. G. C. Valleton, Cal.
JUST returned from Klondike; want lady part-
ner with some means to Etart business in
Nome. Bos 2554, Call of floe.
WANTED— Christian gentleman with some
I capital for fine business; minister preferred.
! Box 4157. Call office.
SHIPYARD fully equipped; established 20
years; owner too old to manage. Box 4225,
Call offlee. .
BEAUTIFUL tailor store; must be sold at
once; fine business; rent only $7 a month;
party going away. Box 714!, Call office,
DRUG store; Park st. and Railroad aye., Ala-
meda; a paying business; below Invoice; good
reasons; Investigate.
EXPERIENCED rartner to open restaurant,
coffee saloon. Address box 2551, Call office.
$roo— HOME bakery: fine location; low rent;
kept busy. Particulars at 9 Geary, room 2.
WANT man with $1000 for a game In Seattle;
leeal; fortune. Box 2575, Call office. i
FOR sale— Good paying saloon, $215; cause, sick-
ness. Box 25SS. Call office. .
MILLINERY business; best class trade; no
credit. Box 2579. Call office.
GROCERY and bar cheap: terminus car line;
no agents. Call or address J. D., 3215 Folsom.
STORE five rooms to let: stock, notions and
stationery, for sale; no agents. Box 2591, Call.
WILL buy profitable dry goods or general atore;
about $5000: prefer Co. seat town: 6000 to 10,-
000. Address D. D. S., 104 Lincoln st, Santa
Cruz. Cal. -:..^y,v >:..¦;
GENTLEMAN with some means seeks a lady
companion, similarly situated, to Invest In the
fortunes of Cape Nome; I am a mining ex-
pert nnd engineer: correspondence solicited.
Address Venture. Call office.
FOR sale— First-class delicacy store; well
stocked: good paying and established five
years: good chance for 2 parties; 111-health;
52500. For particulars address Business, P. O.
box 231, Sacramento.
PARTNER wanted In meat market: trial given
to party with reference. 124 Fourth st.
CIGAR store; owner has other business; no
agents, ill Bush st.
WANTED— A man with $1200 to $1500 to buy
half-Interest In loan office and Jewelry store;
is fine paying business; must be watchmaker
and Jewelee-; must have first-class references;
can Investigate; reason, wants to enlarge
business; has too much for one man to han-
dle now. AddreES HAMMOND, 37 East Main
et., Stockton.
CAPE NOME— Business man with $10,000 or two
men with JSOOO each to Join advertiser, who
will put up like amount, to engage In mercantile
business In Cape Nome; the advertiser has
been in Alaska and has good business connec-
tions In San Francisco. C. A., box 4252, Call.
CHOICE business for sale nt a bargain; a
be&utlfui assortment of opals and Mexican
I antique curios. Address box 4319. Call office.
WANTED— To lease paper route. Box 4278.
Call office. -
$1550—19 ROOMS newly furnished; rent $75; 1600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
PLUMBING Ehcp. stock and shop tools in good
location. Box 4292, Call office.
BRANCH bakery and candy store, cheap; call
to-day. iIS Third at.
I STEAM laundry plant; doing good business.
: G. W. LOVIE. Redwood City. Cal.
COKFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office Tor the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia 5t
A BRANCH offlee for Call advertisem-nts and
eubscrlpltno s has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.; open until 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR SALE — Handsome, medium weight Stan-
hope buggy; suitable for physician: with pole
and thafts; O'Brien make; good as new;
little used: also a lightweight single track
harness: cheap for quick sale. Apply 1729
California street. !
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wafons.
new. suitable dry goods stores. S2S Harrison.
LAUNDRY wagon at a bargain. COSTIGAN,
404 Jackson street.
FOR tale— Finest Brewster Victoria, coupe
and family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter st.
NEWand2d-hand wagons.buggies, carts and har-
ness, wk. A driving horses, rth and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, bucßies. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & EON. 2117 Mission st
100 PETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horres. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET lIEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c p«?r yard; teL Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Ca.'4O2 Sutter St.;
tel. Maln'JS94. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
; CARPETS cleaned at 3c per -ard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 544.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gste aye.; telephone East 126.
' CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. MAY. CELEBRATED PSYCHIC AND
TRANCE MEDIUM.
If there ia anything you wish to know, any
desire of your heart ungratifled, consult one
whose power has mystified the most skeptical.
He not only possesses the Inborn gift of the
) soul clalrvoyancy. but has studied for years
I with masters In occultism, and guarantees sat-
isfaction or no fee accepted. This remarkable
I man, whose career has been one of success, ia
I gifted by nature with a power that approaches
the miraculous. He Is acknowledged by the
public wherever he has been to be the marvel
of the nineteenth century. Professor May is
a prophet of world-wide repute; is recommend-
ed by every one of his patrons. His powers ex-
cite the wonder and admiration of even the
most skeptical. His advice Is infallible, con-
vlnclnp and beyond dispute. Through his re-
markable development of second sight and his
thorough knowledge of the many sciences pecu-
liar to the men of the Orient, he is enabled
to penetrate the woof and web 'of human Jlfe.
PERFECT SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
HE CALLS YOU BY NAME.
Tells names of your friends.
Tells you what you called for.
Tells all about your business affairs.
All about your love and domestic affairs.
Causes speedy marriages.
REMOVES DOMESTIC TROUBLE. RE-
STORES LOST AFFECTION.
Reunites the separated— NEVEß FAILS.
Locates burled treasures.
Locates mines and valuable ores.
Re<"overs old estates and valuable papers.
Removes evil Influences, bad habits, etc.
Gives good luck In all your undertakings.
GUARANTEES SUCCESS
In any of the above work or Money Refunded
BEING A MASTER, HE NEVER FAILS.
- Hours. 9 11. in. in J p. m. Sundays, 10 to S.
Fe«». $1 and $2. Satisfaction guaranteed. Let-
ters containing $1 and three Questions answered.
Permanently located. Mediums developed. 123
Turk st.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st, room 7, second floor.
MME. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meetings:
7:30 p. m., 10c. 3250 Twenty-second at., be-
tween Mission and Valencia.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth at. near Mission.
MME. JEANETTE, of 612V4 Leavenworth st,
famous life reader; hours 9 a. ra. to 9 p^ra.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st.. r. 12.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
S3O Ellis st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
Isi act ion; readings this week 25c. 230 A"Turk.
MRS. WEST returned to 1206 Market parlor 31;
trance test medium; home evenings and Sun.
Mltß. DU PRICK, rani reading; questions an-
swered by. mall; advice given. 2S 7th. room /.
WATSON, clairvoyant, palmist and medium;
ladies EOc; gents $1: mall $1. 1581 Market St.
MRS. MARY EVANS: slttin-s dally; circle at
2 and 8; also Monday evening.
PROFESSOR ZERA tells past, present and ruT-
ture. 26» Third st., near Folsom.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader: readings. 25c. - ¦¦..,,¦
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; Oerman spoken. 921 V4 Mission, op. Mint.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. " 944 Howard
>t, 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; alt-
tlngs dally, giay. sixth at. .
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth cr no pay. 11U Mission.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPiniTUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market st.. trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases: sittings $L
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. '
MME. BYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hwa-
bsnd't picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no"chargV unl
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
S3 AND 115 Manchester St.; 4 rooms each; off
Folsom 6t. ; rent $8 and $10; key at S5O Pre-
cita are. .
$10-BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 103 Collins St.. near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A-DR- T.^r^HlG^lN^dTn^parrors; 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the iuma; the beet and most artistic dentat
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
>4 10 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL eet of teeth on a- rubber plate, $3; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 60o; crowns, $3 60; all work
palnlees and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth sf. < ¦
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7 Flood bid... you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
» 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, t a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to I
p. in. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prltes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
tpeclalty; all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. ICOI Market at., corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry, II per week: refer to 6000
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 4th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk et
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.; 8 graduate opsra-
tort: open evenings and Sundays. P.V) Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSMAKER directly from the East would
like a few places to go out by the day: terms
reasonable. Call or address MRS. HATCH.
488 Gearv st.
SUITS made on short notice, $3; skirts, 75c;
wrappers $1. 273 Minna at.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring Parlors:
French tailoring gystem taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary et. ; dresses
made. ?5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
riOG^IIOSJPITAI^
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore.—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
Knlmals treated: dozs boarded. Tel. West 636.
' EDUCATIONAL.
lIKALIVS Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SQ-page catalogue free.
MARSH system shorthand; lessons 1 hour each
day or evening, $2 50 a week; with application
any student can go through Marsh manual In
six weeks. 300 Van Ness aye.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculations. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full courae
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archi.; day and even.;
est. 18C4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market
AYitES' Business College. 728 Market St., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. includes all branches.
WANTED— lmmediately, a good commercial
teacher. Address, with reference, D. C. TAY-
LOR, Vallejo, Cal.
VIOLIN, zither, banjo, mandolin, guitar in-
struction. W. P. CHAMBERS, 216 Eddy st.
A— Singing, piano. French. Spanish; Parisian
graduate; (2 mo. 630 U. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-8.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way,' Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
CLASSES in German. French, Spanish; $2 per
month: appointments by mall. 904 Taylor ht.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. Miss M. O. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetlcgrammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell et.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Brisl-
ness College, 305 Larkln at., opp. City Halt.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught:
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:
thorough Instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 17.
CHEAPEST and b<»st In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. '
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANERE-cinTfEs'E'Empr AgenTy; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post St.; phone Main 1956.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
best help. 414H O'Farrell >t: tel. Enst 426.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTE D FEM A LE.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation, city or country, good reliable
housekeeper; firEt-clasa chambermaid and
waitress, hotel or boarding-house, city or
country; competent German and French cook,
understands cooking in all Its branches, also
several reliable housework girls await situa-
tions. For particulars call or telephone MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.; phone Main 651.
AMERICAN lady desires a position as house-
keeper; a good cook. Address MRS. NOT-
SON. 1715 Park St.. Alameda.
AMERICAN woman wishes wark by day, wash-
ing, ironing and housecleaning: $1 a day and
car fare. Call or address 731 Folsom st.
SITUATION wanted by a German-Swiss maid;
speaks French and Italian; has knowledge in
traveling. Box 2553, Call office.
YOUNG colored woman would like to do house-
work or take care of children. Call 608
Chestnut st.. near Powell.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper
or take charge of rooming houije; will do
chamberwork. 9CI Mission St.. room 15.
RESPECTABLE Irish girl, lust arrived, de-
slres a place in good family: outside city
preferred; wages no object: references. Box
2ESS, Call office. " ¦
TWO Eastern girls want places; second work
or waitress. Apply 540 Ninth Bt.
WANTED— By a middle-aged American wo-
man, position as companion to nn invalid
will assist with housework; Oakland pre-
f erred. Address box 2578. Call office..
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
or cook; small hotel or boarding house; city
or country: reference. Call Germania Oar-
dens. Harbor View.
DRESSMAKER would like a few more en-
Eagejnents; $1 per day and car fare. 1 Polk.
WANTED— By a young lady of education and
refinement, a position of trust; housekeeper,
companion, office work; country preferred.
Box 2573, Call offlee.
GERMAN clrl, speaks good French,' wants a
situation as plain cook or upstairs work; Is
willing to travel. 522 Stockton St., cor. Pine.
THOROUGHLY competent woman wants posi-
tion Rn working housekeeper: experienced and
. raliahle; best of references. Address 929 Pine.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman an working
housekeeper in widower's family; city or
country. Address F. E. LEVISON. Petaluma.
NURSE' wishes position to take charge of an
invalid. Call or address 1031 Market St., r.~ 10.
POSITION as companion to lady and assist
with light housework, by young girl from
the East. Call 1031 Market at., room 10.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation as work-
ing housekeeper In sickness or as nurse. Ad-
dress 815 Alabama St.", near Twentieth. v
KIND, reliable woman, very fond of children,
wishes care of one email child; guarantee sat-
isfaction. : Box 2376, Call of flco.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FE3IALE.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes house-
cleaning or washing by the day; Is a good
laundress. Box 4165, . Call . office.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a posl-
' tlon In small family; plain cooking and light
housework. 121 Powell st.. room 29.
YOUNG widow with a child wishes light house-
work; city or short distance In country. MRS.
PERCEY, 767 Folsom at.
EXPERIENCED young lady stenographer and
typewriter; best references; salary moderate.
Box 4135, Call.
AN * experienced dressmaker and designer de-
sires work by the day In families or at home;
fitting and satisfaction guaranteed. 1127 Ellis.
LADY wants housework, sewing, mending or
writing few hours a day; Is good nurse; 10c
hour and car fare. Box 2572. Call offlee.
SCANDINAVIAN laundress. ' German second
girl, Scandinavian cooK, all first-class, wish
situation. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments by ladies In confinement. MRS. WOL-
TER. 132 Sixth st.
GOVERNESS wlsheß position; German-Amer-
ican young lady; thorough musician; piano,
voice culture. German. English, dancing, lit-
erature, or as companion; country; references.
Eox. 4285. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants work in fam-
ilies or at home. 91714 Sutter st.. TeL Lar-
kln 562. ¦___
RESPECTABLE German lady wants to assist
In housework or housekeeping. Call from
10 to 4 at 549 Valencia st.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work with family:
no objection to grown-up children. 803 Turk.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as house-
k ee pe r. Address box 4893. Call office.
YOUNG French lady wishes situation as com-
panlon for. a lady. Box 4252. Call.
EXPERIENCED lady's maid wishes a posi-
tion to travel; will car* for children; No. 1
references. Box 2560, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day t
washing and housecleaning; 75c per day. Ad-
drefs 1220 Union at.
REFINED German: Is a good cook and house-
keeper; would like position In small family.
Address 33'^ Tenth at.
COMPETENT, refined young woman, speaking
German, English, Danish, fine writer, reader,
needlewoman, knowledge of kindergarten
work, desires position as ladies' maid, care of
elderly lady or chlld"s nurse: references. Ad-
drers box 25C0. Call office.
WANTED— By young gtrl, position to do light
upstairs work and sewing. Box 2559, Call.
TRAINED nurse, first-class masseuse, will
take care of Invalid lady or man; educated In
German and English. Address 647 Fulton
St.; terms reasonable.
COMPETENT woman wants general house-
work; Is a good cook and laundress. Apply
at 613 Ninth et.. Oakland. .
YOUNG woman would like upstairs work and
Bleep home. 1912 Mltslon st. -
BORROW money of the respectable and rella-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 B0 night; Slit to (I
week; convenient and respectable; tree 'bus
and baggace to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore *t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. m. ' '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscrlptions'bas been established at IMS Va-
lencia et.
A BRANCH office fcr the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk rt.: cpen urtll 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED JIALJtt.
AMERICAN, 50. of character, reference, want*
place as hotel night clerk or watchman;
whatever you want done needing care. Ad-
dreEs box 2576, Call office.
COACHMAN— Competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business in all branches, desires
permanent situation. As to references and
qualifications address C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
RELIABLE y_pung man would like to complete
his experience as a commercial traveler; will-
ing to work his way up; can speak German.
Box 2557, Call office.
AN all-around shoemaker wants a position in
an institution; can teach boys to make shoes
of the best clans; can also handle razor and
scissors. Address All Around Shoemaker,
4T4' 2 Jessie St.
PAINTER, paperhanger and decorator wants
employment; city or country: flrst-olass me-
chanic; capable of managing any class 'of
Tork; will work for $2 £0 per day. Addresa
box 2562, Call office.
EXPERIENCED cook wants situation; restau-
rant or hotel; can bake. 310 Montgomery aye.,
room S.
POSITION as bookkeeper or assistant by young
married man of experience; flrst-claes refer-
ence?. Address Box 4150, Call.
YOUNG man with several years' experience In
wholesale house desires employment of some
kind; references. Box 4159, Call.
WANTED— By man and wife, work on vine-
yard, orchard or ranch; man thorough on
same; wife good cook; reference given. Box
2593. Call office. _^
WANTED— Position in a liquor store by a
party with a good outside route; good cora-
pounder and rectifier; references given. W.
T. MAYNARD. 204 Isls st
BARBER wants position in country; 12 years'
experience. Address T. G. ADAMS, 204 Turk
Ft., room 15.
BOOKKEEPER, with knowledge of stenog-
raphy and shorthand, would like a position.
Box 4233. Call office.
MAN wishes position; milk or bakery wagon.
Box 4257. Call office.
AN all-around handy man wants position In
. wholesale house; steady and reliable; give
him a trial. Box 4166. Call.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— By man and wife, positions; well
educated: epeak German and English: coun-
try' or seaside preferred. Box 4251, Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined; references unexceptionable. Address box
4263, Call office.
AN educated man of 30, speaking English and
French, would like a position as attendant,
pecfetary or reader to gentleman, traveling
or stationary. Box 1002, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS plumber and gasfitter would like
a position in a hotel, factory or wholesale
house, doing anything. Box 4881. Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, a steady position;
country preferred; best of references. Box
48SO, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Pclk St.; open' till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertliementa and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner «f Twenty-»econd and Ken-
tucky iits.: open till 9 p. m. '
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mall, 60c. 1071H Market
et.. San Francisco: examination free.
FLATS TO LET.
CLARA, 127— Flat of three nice large rooms;
separate yard; $>.
CORNER flat, 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417 ft Ihlrd st.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms and bath; large
bailment. 715 Grove st.
FLAT to good house carpenter; can take part
rent In work. Address box 4256, Call office.
FLAT to let; 4 rooms, bath, washroom; large
yard. 1106 Treat aye. .-.--,
FOR rent— All or part of furnished flat of I
robms. 411 Octavla st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
LARKIN, 1304— Modern * t-room ' flat for rent;
furniture for sale.
MODERN flat of 7 rooms andi bath; 817U
Geary st. : $35. Apply to LANDRY C. BABH<
413 Kearny st. ,
MODERN sunny northwest corner flat of 7
rooms and bath. 34 Scott St.; 127 60. -
MODERN 3 and 5 room flats. 123 Ash aye., bet.
Polk, Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
MODERN 6-room flat: bath and basement; nice
location. ISO 7 Eddy *t. •
NICE, sunny flat; 6 rooms, bath, mirrored man-
tel. r«nt ; s2s. 345 Grove st.
TWO fiats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; I
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms nnd bath; nice location;
cheap. Apply 14«9 O'Farrell st., near Bu-
&h.\nan.
$IC— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 35 Moss st, off
Folsom. near Seventh.
Uo— 3 ROOMS, yard and cellar; for small fam-
ily. 1452 Jessie St., bet. 13th and 14th.
$16— SUNNY upper flat; G rooms and porcelain
bath. 1809 McAllister at.
BORROW money of. the respectable an,l relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant mve.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished house or flat; not to ex-
ceed $S5 month; Western Addition preferred.
J..C. box 4244, Call office.
i'KKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box *43. Los Angeles. Cal.
FCRXITUHE FOB SALE.
ENAMELED iron bedsteads, all sizes, JJ 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; W_«o inch rugs.
IL Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
*t., near Broadway; open evenings.
HANDSOME bedroom sat; reasonable; no deal-
ers. £07 Eighth st. .
FOR sale cheap— Child's willow cot. Apply at
112% Turk ft., rear.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for J4S 50. with No.
4 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-U3l Market.
FUIIXITUnE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red. 3333.
HELP WASTED — AGENTS.
CANVASSKRB wanted— Salary and commls-
Bion. Call ?1 Madison aye., off Harrison
et., bet. FKth and Sixth, Sunday, bet. 10
a. m. and 2 p. m.
AGENTS, either sex; city or country; to handle
staple goods: salary or commission. CALI-
FORNIA MFG. CO.. 632 Marketjit.
EXPERIENCED salesmen wanted for Eastern
manufacturer. P. C. M. A.. 76 Flood build-
Ing; after 4 p. m.
HELP WANTED FKJIALE.
cTbV HANSEN~_ CO PHONE GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
4 waitresses, Los Angeles and Pasadena, $20
and $25, special rates; 6 waitresses. Salt Lake
City, Investigate this; waitresses for Corning,
Fresno, Keswlek. Reno, Nev., Bakersfleld,
fare here; 6 waitresses, best city hotels; 4
chambermaids to wait, city, $20; chamber-
maid, $20; cook, $25; fancy ironer, first-class
country hotel. $30 and found. C. R. HAJJSEN
& CO.. 10* Geary st.
WANTED— Monday for family department,
houseglrls, Belmont, $20, see party here at 11
o'clock: Santa Clara, $20; second girl. $13; 4
cooks. $23; 20 houseglrls. small families. $20;
20 girls to assist, housework, $15, $12. $10. At
C. R. HANBEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 3 waitresses, country hotels, $20;
waitress, assist wash, $20; 6 waitresses for
city hotels and private boarding houses, $20;
chambermaid, wait one meal, $20; 1
German, 1 French and 2 neat Irish nurse-
girls. 120; waitress and parlor maid. $25; 6
neat second girls, $20; we also have some very
nice situations for neat girls for cooking and
housework in American families at $20, and
$25, city and country. Appiy to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. Hi Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Cloverdale, $20; fare here; a
middle-aged woman to assist In housework.
$10; country; good home; fare here, MISS H.
CULLINAN. 322 Sutter street.
WANTED— (Either sex) to fold circulars, etc.,
at home. $12 weekly; salary; particulars 2c.
Address The Non-Medlclne Cure Club, P. O.
drawer 942, Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED— Experienced men's neckwear mak-
ers; also apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON,
SIS Market at.
GIRL for cooking and general housework, $20;
Swede, Dane or German preferred. Call Sun-
day or Monday at 1417 Geary St.
WANTED—! ladles to canvass: good selling
article; something new; $3 to $5 per day.
Box 2SS7. Call office.
WANTED— For general housework, cooking,
washing for family of 4 in. Eausallto. Ap-
ply Monday. Jan. 15, 1522 California st.. bet.
Polk and Larkln, bet. 11 a. ra. and 3 p. m.
NURSEGIRL wanted who will sleep at home.
Call, with referencea. at 1315 Hyde st.
WANTED — Respectable German woman to tend
sick lady night time. Inquire 1212 Mason st.
EXPERIENCED forewoman for wrapper de-
partment In factory; references. Box 2569, Call.
OPERATORS en waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 18 First st.
GIRL to assist In housework; no cooking. 120S
Buchanan street.
WANTED— FIrst-clase talloress oa fine coats.
14 Grant aye.. room 43.
RESPECTABLE gentleman wishes neat, tidy,
young housekeeper; appreciate comfortablo
home; age, wages, where last employed. Box
4220. Call office.
WE want a few first-class house-to-house so-
licitors for the most liberal proposition ever
offered, both city and country. ' Western Ad-
vertising Co., 313 Bush St.
WANTED — Girl to help ia store; short hours;
small wages. ICS Eddy st.
STRONG competent girl for housework and
cooking. Call Monday early. 797 McAllister.
AN American working housekeeper for coun-
try. 1522 Polk st.
WANTED— Day girl to assist with child: wages
$10; must live home; references. 1714 Van
Ness aye.
INTELLIGENT young lady, over 17. of pleas-
ant address, to mind an office; $15 per month.
Box 4251. Call.
GIRL for general housework: small family;
wages $10. Box 90. Call branch office, 106
Eleventh st.
SUCCESS! SUCCESS! 6UCCES3!
The McDowell Dressmaking School offers to
its patrons better inducements than any
other establishment because we give the
leading system of the world; easily learned;
rapid to use; evening class: positions free;
terms easy; patterns cut McDOWELL, 103
Post at.
WANTED— Lady bookkeeper In general mer-
chandise store; must be competent; wages $15
and board and room. Address box A B, Call
branch office. Oakland.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and baby In family of two: wages
$S to $12. Apply 1517 Taylor st.. near Pacific.
WANTED— An experienced waitress: none but
experienced need apply. 20 Third St.. cor.
Stevenson, from 9 to t.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts.
GIRL about 16: assist housework; small family;
near Park. Box 2594. Call office. x
Al MILLINER Feb. 20 to July 4; permanent po-
sition If satisfactory. K. Handley, Santa Crus.
WANTED — Strong young woman of good ap-
pearance who has some knowledge of mas-
rage and anatomy; steady employment for
right party. Address L. A. W.. Call office.
BORROW money on sealskins, silverware; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
OPERATORS on overalls: positions for sev-
eral hundred more girls at Levi Strauss' fac-
tory, S2V4 Fremont st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 3<V4 Fremont at.; elevator.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Etockton. near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st. '
A BRANCH office for the reception ot adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk ct.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
'subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ats. ; open until 9 p. ro.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WASTED MALE.
MURRAY £ READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT MONDAY. 7AM
5 miners; single and double: steady; good Job.
16 farmers, pruners $26 and $20 and found !
Farmer and wife, San Luis Oblspo County. !
Choremen. boys for farms, stores, etc
$20, $15 and found
Milkers, gardeners, cabinet makers, milk
wagon and bakery wagon drivers.
MURRAY & READY. 631 and 636 Clay at.
HOTEL, laundry, butcher, bakery departments.
Broiler, city, $3.">; night cook. $12 week: second
cook; dlehwashen 1 ; hog butchers; IS cooks for
hotels, boarding houses, camps, mines.
ranches, private families
•- • •_:r__J 5_5 _ * 40 « * M . *£> «nd found
Third baker; bakers helpers: boys
$25, $15 and found
2 stewards; good, steady Job $40 and found
9 waiters $£">, $3rt. $25. $20 and found
Laundryman, hand laundry, hotel.. $25 and fd
MURRAY St READY. «34 and 636 Clay st.
JAPANESE cock for 8 men for a mine; $25 and
found; fare paid. MURRAY & READY €34
and 626 Clay et. . .
NEW -nod redwood, pine and oak timber
225 woodchoppers— 4-foot pine $125 cord
4-foot redwood Sflc cord
4-foot oak w00d..?l 50. $1 25 cord
etovewood $3 and *2 cord
posts $250 each
Pickets $4 50 per 1000
I*s tlemakers. 8 and » foot 10c. 12c. 13c each;
tools and provisions furnished; fare paid In
some flaees.
MURRAY & READY. 834 and 638 Clay st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ
Employment Secy.; 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. 11. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; teL Jessie U2,
HELP WANTED — MALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
20 coal miners. 70c a ton: 6 ran?h teamsters,
J23 and board; 10 woodchoppers. $1 15 a cord:
farmer and wife. $4i; harnessmaker, 135 and
board; tinsmith. *2 50 a day; metal spinner.
$2 30 a day; man about place, see party here.
$25
head cook, restaurant. 133: baker and pastry
cook JlO and fare advanced: fry cook, restau-
rant $C - French waiter, country restaurant,
$40. C. K. HANSEN & CO.^lOt Oary st.
ONE first-class diamond setter.
One .flr»t-class letter and monogram engraver.
One first-e)a!»s Jeweler.
On.? first-class enameler.
Apply with references", wegea wanted ana
other particulars to JOS. HATER &. BROS.,
Seattle. Wash.
TAILORS— Wanted, a _cod general tailor for
the country. Apply betwe-.-n 9 nnd 10 o'clock
Mcr.day mcrn!r_. STKIN. SIMON A CO.
UP-TO-DATE yours man wanted at once.
Room 202. Emma Spreckel3 building.
ELECTRICIAN who understands the construc-
llon and installation of telephones. Apply be-
qore 8 a. m., N. E. cor. Pt Lobosi and Zth ava.
GOOD male stenographer and office assistant:
must be rapid and correct and experienced in
stenographic work: permanent; address, with
references and particulars. Box CT.Sfi. Call.
WANTED— FIrst-cla?s solicitors on good com-
mission; to sell stock of a revut.-ibi"» corpora-
tion making large profits; references re-
quired. Address box 2C33. Call office.
WANTED — A strictly first-class furnishing
goods salesman; one competent to take full
charge of dept. Apply to-day (Sunday*, from
10 a. m. to I p. m.. 523 Market st, room T.
NEAT boy about 15 years o!d. Apply Monday,
9 a. m.. Dental Office. 46 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED book salesman wanted; some-
thing entirely new; good proposition to th«
right party. The Gebbia .Publishing Co., Ltd.,
40G-406 Adams bulMin*.
WANTED— A carpet and upflolstery sales-
man. Apply to-day (Sunday), from 10 a. in.
to 1 p. tn... 623 Market st.. room 7.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; one that cares) for
work; steady Job. 2140 Fillmore st.
CABINETMAKER and boy to learn trade!
FINK Si SCHINDLER. 13C9 Market st.
DISHWASHER; night work; sober man only;
Jo per week. Apply 1) a. m. 32 Sixth si.
YOUNG man (German) for porter work la sa-
loon; state last plac» worked. Box 25d3, Call.
WANTED— Steady man; light work In com-
mission business; must be satisfied with %'.i
per week; small capital required. 101S Mar-
ket st.. room 19.
WK want a few first-class house-to-house so-
licitors for the most liberal proposition ever
offered; both city and country. "WESTERN
ADVERTISING CO.. 313 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS pressers on cloaks; good wages.
M. SIMONOFF. 1223 Market st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our ISc breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
BLACKSMITH wanted, first-class maa, for
machine work; one used to well tools pre-
ferred. Apply to WILLIAM EDWARDS. VI
Fremont st.
Al SOLICITOR for merchant tailor; salary aad
commission. Address box 2551. Call office.
15c BARBER shop, running two chalra wltli
good cigar trade: Western Addition; cheap
If bought Immediately. STOLTZ, 120 Mar-
ket street.
SALESMAN, acquainted with and having In-
fluence among the largest and best class of
hardware, general machinery, railway and
mill supplies and allied trade through the ter-
ritory west of the Rocky Mountains to repre-
sent prominent manufacturing concern and
possibly to take charge of branch office at
San Francisco: one living at San Francisco
preferred. Address, stating age. whether
married or single, experience In full and
references. Manufacturer, box VZ. Herald,
downtown office. New York City.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of Information: sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washin_ton. D. C.
SALESMAN wanted by established house: no
technical knowledge necessary, but simply all
around hustler of Rood appearance and ad-
dres«; first-class line: liberal contract: entire
time required; referencea. Box J33. Detroit.
Mich. *
ACTIVE men and women everywhere to take
orders for "Life of Moody," the great evan-
gelist; sells at eight; sample enabling you to
make from $3 to IT dally, by mall free ca re-
quest. Address Globe Bible Pub. Co., T23
Chestnut Bt.. Philadelphia, Fa.
BOOKKEEPER, expert wanted about 2 month*
at San Jose, wages $75; older man preferred:
state local recommendations and former poai-
tlons. Address WM. SHERMAN. San Jose.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, stilt
runs Denver -louse. 117 Third st.; ISO larg*
rooms; 2jc per night; J! to $2 per week.
WANTED— Several bright boys for work at
home; high or grammar school students pre-
fer'd. Mt. Holyoke Rifla As3n. Holyoke. Masa.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Bernard's barber shop.
Seventh and Mission sts.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRI3. 15 Grant aye.
MAN to solicit for the Weekly North BeacH
News; no experience necessary. Apply 313
Filbert -st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2ic ty
EOc. ES2 Mission at., between Ist and 2d sta.
SCO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission st. between Ist and 2d sta.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required: constant practice: expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorial art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month.; call or writs for fre*
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'3 BARBKR
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by tha State to
teach the art.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
3. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary aeamea.
at HERMAN'S, 28 Stenart at. — «»-«»
PENSIONS— J. . H. BHEPARD * CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third aad Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, lie and 23a
per night. Ltndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: Too rooms. 250 night: reading room; frm
'bus ar.d baggage to and from tha ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until S p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th*
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kea-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugglea.
carts*, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
227 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME bay mare and English trap; fla*
roadster; perfectly safe. NEVADA STA-
BLES. 1350 Market street.
(0 HEAD fins draught and driving horses at
1621 and 16:." Market st.. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
THOROUGHBRED brood mare, by Prince Nor-
fork. dam Lady Stasy, cheap; 8 years. 19
City Hall aye.
FOR sale — Cheap, brown team, l«v_; 10 yean
old. DAL23EL. Vet. Dentist. 6.15 G. G. Aye.
FOR SALE— Yorkshire terrier pupa. Apply
1911 Harrison street, het. 16th ar.d lTth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States, postpaid, for $1 per rear.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
Paying house; clears $150; 23 rooms |s."O
Downtown: rent $15: II rooms J23
New flat: rent $14; 8 rooms _v)
Market St.: rent STJ: t€ rooms s^
Corner only: 13C0 cash; IS rooms vu\
Clearing $100; rent J5l; 25 room* 550
Boarding: corner ho;i.->e; 32 rooms 2000
Hotel and bar; 63 boarders; 59 rooms «00
100 other houses 3to SM roonw: S."«> to ... ICOO
CALL I CAN SUIT YOU.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 81.
11. C. DECKER. l>;o Market, opp Sth St.
A— V.OCO: 50 r. ; Pine. jtISCO; 3 r.; down town.
fiOO: 10 r.; Powell. ,Jl.V)O; 34 r: paying.
$.-!Crx>: *)r.; Sutter st.||CflOO: Eddy. nr. Markt.
I1CC0; :i rooms; nice. (650: 12 r. ; respectable.
$S00; 13 r.; good house. : sl3oo; SO r.; M_rk-.-t ft.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
WANTED— Reliable tenants: 5 new houses 40
to 2CO rooms. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6G7 Mar-
ket_st :
13 ROOMS: Income KM CfMO
£.1 rooms; cheap rent ig<»
17 rooms: gnod transient 430
2* rooms: good transient ir.v»
13 rooms; g.x>d furniture jj_
OALE fc BENSON. g» Parrott' bldg.
S2 ROOMS. SlfOO; 3d. ;13 rooms; rent $40
15 rooms; JSOO: new. \\ rooms; $;.Vt: E<id-
M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market/ near Call bids!
9 ROOMS, house, Jones, r. J32 CO: $323 ~"
29 rooms, hous?. Jon?*, r. IS": $1130.
» rooms. Pest, sunny, good furniture: $C3>
Money to loan. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
J2 ROOMS, new furniture: rent 800; half cashT
—-SLA P^ cent - C. P. DA\nS.__lo4 Market.
*C? ff DAVIS.* nKarkeA^"^" 7^
27 ROOMS; Taylor st.. nr. Sutter: will suit nle«
family; hatf cash. J2400. DAVIS. IIM MarlwU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
24nOtSUS LODGING FOR SALE. j
H-ROOM house; centra! location; clears $150
jxt mor.th: any reasonable oSer considered.
GALIi & BENSON. 320 Parrott building^
ROOMING house: north or Market Ft.: big bar-
galn. See COWING 4- CO.. 1130 Market Bt.
PU'TE _N rooms; established ten years; rood
B location; fullest investigation; make offer.
Box 4240. Call oif.ee. ¦
A— 43 BCXSI rooms on two floors: best down-
town comer north of Market: paying well.
S. C. box OS. Call.
LOXXSncO-BOITKE, 329 Third St.: 16 sunny
rooms: price MOO; rent $45^
M GRIFFIN, 71? Market: $rou up; 7 to W
room*; easy terms- or. any house.
HOUSE of S? iwm?. ail taken: very reason-
able. ~ot Howard *«.. comer Third.
TO LET— S-rcem house; !13H O'Farrell «t..
near M«*c:i: r»«r entrance. Apply 15 Gran*.
DOCSES — LODGING — To Let.
lI<~>T"SE. * rooms; both: oarpfts: large lawn;
fine (>»•; te+ ft. 3132 Twenty-fourth St.
1.-'U m;s TO LET. ~~
A— PniXTi:i> !ft: houses to Jet: *er.a for clr-
cu!f r G H. I'MBSKX A: CO.. U Montgomery. ,
A. M. FI'ECK & CO., CC7 Market St. "
fro I', .st. 10 r $43 2933 California. « r $15
»:7 Geary. 10 r... 45 i:,41 Edd> . C r 2>
H75 Pot. 10 r 23! J32 Powell. 6 r
_S artistic furnished house to rent or lease;
c*r.tx»:iy located; L bedrooms; large parlors-
ir.us:c ar.d dining rooms, etc.: 10 minutes'
walk to Keamy et.: large grounds; rent $125
Address, mlth full name. T. L. HALL, offlce
SIT M.fslcn «t. - .
BROADWAY, ISSI. between Lacuna and Bu-
chanan bus.— nitjoct house of 12 rooms; bath,
servants' room, etc: newly renovated For
further particulars apply to G. H. USIBSEN
fc CO.. 14 Montgomery street.
FINE bay-window house. 7 rooms and bath,
high b_e_cnt; fine flower garden; 1731 Bu-
chanan »t., near Butter. Apply 623 Golden
Gate aye.
IN the warm be.lt of the Mission, house of 7
§ rooms and bath: r«nt cheap. 2C21 Howard «t.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN - CO., 14 Montgom-
*ry ft. ¦ ¦*.> j
BUSH, 1224 — Sunny house cf S rooms and Lath;
water free: lar>;e yard: rent $37 £0.
FMALL house: rert reasonable. 10 Lily aye.:
Key at 113 Oak ft.
WELL-FURNISHED house of jo roorr.s for five
m'.r.th*; references required. 116 Capp st.
S-ROOM house; 31SS O'Farrell St.. near Mason.
rear fntra.ni.t-: fine location. Apply 15 Grant.
BORROW on dlerr.nr.i** and Jewels; polite at-
tent'on. T'NCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HOrMSS TO LET FURNISHED.
WALLER, r:6 — Bay-window house; eunny Fide:
9 rooms; Laseraent; larce yard; reasonable.
lTri:n (__sb*)d flat. Fix sunr.y rooms: open
t*t»fen II and 3. 7C2 Post xtre«t.
BURNT modern house. 1 rooms and bath; finely
rurnlsiwd Call between 10 and 12 at 1711
Wetster Bt. •". .
HOI SES WANTED.
WANTED— CIean, eunny, 7-rocm furnished
l.^ufe er f.at for thtt><» adults. Box 41f-6. Call, j
LOST AND FOOD.
LOST— Small black memoranda book contain-
ing notes of no value except to Jamn Wat-
kins: suitable reward. Address R.. box 114.
_ Call cffUf.
LOST— Saturday. l?th. on west 6lde Market st..
puree containing eorrines. Reward at K3
Waller St.. or MRS. MEYER, 171S Filbert St..
Oakland.
LOST— Pa<-kafc-e eor.tatr.lng coat, etc.; pl*a»e
return NX. cor. Lombard »^ Lyoa streets
and receive reward.
LOST— Fcxterrier: female: black spots. Re-
•um to ml Fulton st. ; reward.
t!" REWARD— Angora cat: h'.ack. with white
breai-t. Return to Poodle Dog Restaurant.
CERTIFICATE deposit the Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco. No. C 3.135. favor E.
L STRAUSS ar.d transferred to EMILY
STRAUSS, for $150. All persons warned
agalr.it negotiating. Return E. _ STRAUSS,
Pacific Stock Exchange.
IF the trer.tlpman who found the black and
« ' -.- pup on Pine or Larkln st. on Thursday
m-iil kindly return it to IC_ Pine st. h« will
receive reward.
LOST — On Twenty-second ana Mission sta., a
bank book. The flnder pleas* return to 2636
Mlcslon *t.; reward.
6TOLEN — Lady's Persian lamb cape, trimmed
round bottom with bear fur: lined with blue
r'.ald *'-:k: reward t?l. 411 7th et.. Oakland.
LOST-Ki'.e peg dog. Return to 1214 Howard
f\. q:id receive reward. '
FC>UNI>-Plain black cape. Inquire at 50-)
FourvU tt.
BORROW en diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. Ur.c> Harris. 15 Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
DR. COLLIER, wcrld-rertom-ned pl'-e specialist,
is In the city ar.d will treat all rectal diF»ases
without use of knife; chronic cas^s prrferred;
consultation free; euocess guaranteed: any
former patients in ne»d of treatment call and
be treated frve. 43:, Fourth st., room 14; office
hour* i to v and 7 to S; will call at residence.
SJRS. DR. KOHL, the cniy reliable ladles' phy-
b__b and ¦;-..»:;m cf long and KUcces*ful
practice; private hone for patients before and
durir.g confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. 15; safe tnd reliable; con-
cu'aatlon free. IV^Z Market st., between Ma-
Bon and Taylor: hour*. 9 to J.
iiRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' spe-
ciaiist. fcrrr.erly cf «?X Van Ness. 1362 Market,
has returned from Hurcpe with improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office JS: warranted; IS years' successful prac-
tlc* in S. F. O:fice. 118 Eddy £t.. near Mason.
MRS. VTI. WTETH. reliable iadles" physlclaa
asd cpecialista; home for patients !n confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best cart;
(juarasteed treatment et effice, $5; consulta-
ticn free. W2 Poet st.. bet. Hy£« and Lar-
kin; hcur« 10 to I. 7 to 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' cpeciallit; t&fe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. fcr yean; treated thousands
cf care* ruccecsfully ; treatment can be usel
at rr.rre: consultaticn free; success guaraa-
t»*d. Write cr call at IC23H Market st.
L-R. POPPER, ladies' physician for 37 years;
call on a phyFiclan with man* knowledge;
cure JC; consultation free. 318 Kearny st.
£R. and MRS DAVIES. 122S Market; ladle* 7
1 ' >-:< :an: chronic di*eas»"i treated; late scien-
tific method*; cure guaranteed; treatment Ji.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. IC'Si Market et. ; hours 10
a m. to I p. ir.; et rerldence, 21S Van Next
are.. 5 to *p. m. : guaranteed treatment. $5.
KIP.P. DR. FT.'NKE. HIS Eighth Ft.. Alameda—
Fcxale «sr*clai;st; home in confinement.
IjJJ. WIFK. the ladle*' specialist. 111S Market
rt.: every case guaranteed; tZ up.
iIKS. DR. GtI'YER. £10 Eddy St.. bet. Hyds
nrd Larkin: rcurs. 16 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to ».
I>R an-i MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In 'cnSnement. 1312 GcMen Gate aye.
IjK WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all <iis-
fr* c.t the hunan body. 115 Mason »t.
MF.T A PHYSICS.
COLLrGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy.
nocult'.JTn: free clinic Tucs. evg. 303 Larkln.
UINKS AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine tSares; fortune makers;
dividend rayers; quoted en Paclflc Stock Ex-
change; Ui cents per share or monthly in*iall-
tn»r.t* : #*nd ior pro#r*ctus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. iy> California fet.. room* t-T.
IV F. ARAM, mlr.lr.r attorney, room *\ Ha
flt^f. Mll!« lm!l<!nr. S 1~. : tel Vuln Ml.
MISCELLANEOLS FOR S *k£^
BOILKP.S. ercinet. 2-hand machinery- Me-
INTOSII & WCLPMAS, IS3-IS7 Fremont St.
UAK>\ back bars, mirrors. »howcates. coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, rtore and of-
Cc« furniture and fixture*: new and «econd-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-16D-IC2I-IU2I Mission
»t.. above Sixth^
IiARS counters, showcases. *helving. mirrors,
bought aoid and exchanged. 10C3 Mission st.
'IASOIJXE enjriri*-; 5 horee rwvwer; very light; I
new: ruanuitMd; tITS. NEWELL EROS..
'.'A rir*t ft.
r*"'K fculird «m or hominy mall your address
to S. M. KAFE. 440 Thirtieth Ktreet.
A N l rr diamond"** ud for $30 at UNCLE HAR-
r-.lJi'. X Grant aye.
CONCERT «i*e euitar for tl*: cost originally
_»l__At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant a\-e.
A RAl:<jain— Llpht top bugjry in good condl-
tion. l*Ci McAllister rt.
FIIKHH Holrtein cow; rich milk; gentle; sell
< >r exelmnc for «sry cow. IJI2 Fol^om st.
H'H ra!e-A brand new 50.3« Marlln rifle, with
fNO 'jsrtrldsre*; cheap. Ir.«ju!re between 2 and
_ 4 o'clock p. m.. at 722 Howard »t.: ?<wment.
V— CUTS. *t-:i*. or rent* gear machinery, en-
§F'ne«. biliem. water pip*, shafting, pulleys,
"tc. TVHITELAW. Ht Fpcar ftreet.
F_R «a!*-O>Riplete restaurant outfit. ' Inquire
—3 Slrth »t.
EIJISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
• ICO; concert records. $2 50. BACIQALUPI.
MJ Market m.. tan FraacUco.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
FOR *ale— 2 black and tan thoroughbred pups.
3 months old. WM. QUEEN. 713 Mission st.
ONE 4-«lded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air comprc-ssor; 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by (buy) PORENSEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c. 103 Sixth, below Mlsilon.
AT les* than cost: uncal'ed-for suits and
trousers to be nold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 7TI Market ft.
In the History Building.
BAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
•teamers. residences: portable safety boxee:
specie cheits. bullion safes, vaults. »tc. The
Walt* Safe Co.. 103-111 Market st.. S. F. Cal.
A-n "3 DERBY and Ke<!jira hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. SJO Krarny «t., nr. Pine.
DUKSis rants. 12 73: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montpomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes.
Iron & wood: Id-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
NEW and second-hsnd slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. ISI2 Market it
NEW style linger sewing machines; a drawers;
cak; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
bc!l»>rs and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
fcAFES-New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento St.
3IISCELLAXEOCS "WANTS.
BOOK wanted— Will pay tl for a new or sec-
ond-hand copy of "Tale of a Tub," comic
poem illustrated. Leave at 3CIA Fremont st.
and collect.
V ANTKD— P*-cr>na-hanil rolled top desk;
cheap; cosh. W. JOHNSON. Martinez. Col.
WANTED— Turbine cream separator. In good
condition. Address box 2333. Call offlce.
WANTED— A portable organ; good tone; cheap.
Apply J.. box 2563. Call offlce.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. C 25 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED — Painters' falls; call early. J2i
Oclden Gate aye.
MONEY TO LOAN.
$100 TO 1100,000 "~ ~~~
AT f PER CENT
On city or town property in California, undl-
viGffo intcr^stß. in f3x*oo— tc t <?tc. ", first
and second mortgages; 1 to 10 years' time.
DRTDEN, 413 MontKumery st.
RESI'ECTAHLE, responsible, reliable money
lending hcuse; lowest rates; established
USI: our own fireproof building; crivate en-
trance; private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
ANY prcpcslticn. any amount: 6 per csnt. first,
eecond mortgages, estates In probate, iv:. i rest
in estates, legacies, lite insurance; clbttri
mortgages; confidential; a-l\ice frse. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delays: try all ethers, then see me; $50
to $100.00u; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided interests in
ettates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. C 32 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and Zd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no do-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, x. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtal-t
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, $46 Murku
Ft.; tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third St.
MOST rViable 'lice to borrow en diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. IiESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old ; liver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low r»<t?s; confidential.
BONELLI. Ccnservacarv liM*. Ul Powell St.
MONEY to loan on ranches at EH per cent net;
also city property, and will loan on pianos,
furniture, etc. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
AT 126 Kearny. rm. 9. respectable private place
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal, quick
service; money direct ; lowest interest: ftcom*
CS and 69. Dcnohoe building. 1170 Market st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture cr pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery Bt.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 430 Par-
rott buildins.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not« without
lndorser. MORRELL. CO3 Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan
$i 0 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d inortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
ccraml.M-lcn: private. LICK. 116 McAllister bt.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
mori- money see H. Ht'RPHV. oi*. Marker tt.
MONEY WANTED." ~
WANTED— S6OOO on undivided interest on im-
proved inside San Francisco property; pro-
bated; worth $800,000; on first mortgage for a
long term; title clear: principals only. Address
»tatlr.g lowest rate of interest, F. G. H.. Call
offlce, Oakland. •---:,.¦•; •
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN | we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and lew-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full rurch-ne
price alluwed. We are s«!hng new upright
pianos for $S per month, and some good pianos
for $3, $4 and $^ per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and gutter sts.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the eldest and largest house
west cf Chicago le KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell ft.; pianos, organs and
oil ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pleaae and satUfy tin
customer. - ; :.- -
KNABK pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. ZD O'Farrell st.
TWO fine Marshall & Wendell uprights; walnut
cases: one walnut Decker & Son almost new;
great bargains. At MAUVAIS', 763 Market.
FULL value allowed for second-hand pianos In
exchange for new. At MAUVAIS', 7CS Market.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianoc; price* reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post «t.
ALL makes for a short time cnly.
$4, $4. $4. Jl. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chickerlngs. 2 Stelnwaye. 1 Vose A Sons and
W other slightly used high and medium grade
pianos; special disrounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 136 Ellis at
UPRIGHT piano. "Neumann Hamburg": pro-
nounced by exi>erts the best in S. F. ; nearly
new. of solid construction: wonderful power
end sweetnesa of tone: value $C 00; to be sold
for oniy $300 cash. 1236 Market St.. room 121.
ELEGANT hl*h-Krade upright piano offered
for $ICS; cost $300; immediate sale. Room 10.
Flood building.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott-Curtas Piano Co.. £60 Hayes st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento it., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warercome, IS'.S Market tt.
KINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
rash. 131» Powell.
FINE Fischer A Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
BARGAIN— Nice uprijrht piano; only $60 cash;
sold for storage. 171J Market st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUKG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAlHFter St., next Hibernta Bank.
BDPRJUOR vlrlir.s, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLEIt. maker, repairer. 2 I-athnm pl*c».
OFFICES AM) 2*TOK_S — TO LfcT.
TO let— Fine store, with high and dry cellar,
in the best retail portion of Market at By
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine *t-
J-PTORY .and li»«omcnt brlrlc building: eleva-
tor; adapted for storage or manufacturing;
l>o Stevenson Bt.. near Third; rent $73.
MADISON & BURKE.
MARKET st.— The whole or any portion of a
building near First street. ASHTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery et.
BUTTER. 717— Very ch6irp for rooms or of-
fice*: lent very reasonable: sunny; also runny
$£ rooms; plesee Investigate.
BARBKR *h<">p and 2 living rooms to let; in
frood location: sultaU* for any business; rent
cheap. 3478 Twenty-fifth st.
TO RENT— A More and 2 rooms to rent. Apply
34 Norfolk^ street.
STORE reduced from $43 to ? 5. 8. E. cor.
Howard and Tenth rts. ; 4 rooms.
»".ft_gXORE; 2 show windows nnd S large rooms;
'adapted to liny business. 422 Sixth st. ' -
LARGE, elegant etore. 593 Valencia street;, bu«i-
ness center: low rent.
OIL STOCK FOR SALE.
CALIFORNIA STANDARD OIL COMPANY
GIANT~OIL COMPANY.
First-class Oil Producing Properties.
Subscribe for Stock at tl per Share.
Sale of Stock Limited.
Could Pay 7 per Cent Dividend To-Day.
BIX NEW WELLS BEING DRILLED.
° WRITE OR CALL.
Rooms 15-16, 2d floor. Mills building.
. . •S&a Francisco.
PALMISTRY.
MME. SAYLOR. famous scientific palmist: pu-
I'll Chelro. 15114 Market St., opp. Van Ness.
PARTNERS WANTED. F
$300— PARTNER. wanted in established, paying,
respectable business. Address Owner, box
2C67, Call offlce.
HALF interest In paylne and well established
mfs. bus.; capital required, $500. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO., rooma 2-3, 1007^ Market st. ¦
WANTED— Partner for a barber shop. 6V4
Grove s.t.
PERSONALS.,
REFINED widower, 40, desires acquaintance
of refined lady; ob'ect strictly matrimony.
Box 41G4, Call offlce.
HANDSOME, shrewd business woman would
like to meet a gentleman of means who can
assist her financially in a Cape Nome venture.
Box 4158. Call offlce.
MAGGIE FElL— Please send your address to
your sister CHRISTINA, care Call offlce.
WANTED— Uy an American lady, position as
housekeeper for reliable parties. Address box
il<\ Cull offlce, Oakland.
BR U K ICTTE boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUXKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
ALL have been docolved some time In life, but
that is no reason why we should all the time.
Of all deceptions practiced there are none
more prevalent than that of hair tonics and
restorers. Do not be imposed upon longer,
the Star Hair Remedy is positively guaran-
teed to restore gray hair to natural color,
stop falling, thereby preventing baldness,
cure dandruff, grow new hair. At druggists
and hairdressers. If in country address The
Star Remedy Company, San Francisco.
LEDEREK'S QUINTONICA, 85c bot.: Lederer's
Foamo Shampoo, oc box, are leading all the
other hair tonics and shampoos. 123 Stockton.
WRINKLES, wrinkles, no more wrinkle*!
Lettuce Lotion and Almondine Skin Food
will remove them permanently. MME.
MARIE FISHER. 19 Powell street.
LADIES — Your bust enlarged 6 Inches; failure
impossible; harmless: $100 cash guaronte«;
proof free. LEONARD MEDICINE CO..
Kansas City, Kans.
MONDAY ONLY. LEDERER will place on aale
all of his IS-inch $1 switches at Sue; a fine op-
portunity for one day only; halrdreeslng 25c.
123 Stockton st.
GRAY, falllne hair, ecalp diseases specialty.
DR. KUESTEK. narrow-gauge depot, Oak-
land; details stamp.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 113 Eddy St.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
PARALYSIS nnd all nervous diseases and to
which lead ossification, thickening, contracted
muscles and stiff Joints, cured. Hard tumors
and all abnormal enlargements. Ladles who
have been unsuccessfully treated come to me.
Rheumatism In all forms. Skin diseases, scrof-
ula, eczema and all skin diseases in thelrmost
loathsome form, consumption and all lung dis-
eases, all old standing chronic diseases where
doctors and medicine have failed. No drucs.
No knife. Different from any other treatment.
Call or write us for references and form of
treatment. Consultation free. DR. L. J.
STRATTON. DO7, 50S and 509 Parrott Building,
San Francisco (over the Emporium).
AMERICAN woman wishes position as house-
keeper for club of gentlemen or small private
fumlly; excellent cook; authentic city refer-
ence. A. E. F., 2120 Bush St.
IF you are bothered with rheumatism or kidney
trouble call at 17 Powell et. and get a free
sample of Dr. Craig's Rheumatic Cure; it
positively cures.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Is a perfect hair tonic.
85c bot.; Lederer's Foamo Shampoo has no
equal, 6c pkg; Lederer uses no other. 123 Stktn.
JOHN L. BOOSE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 194 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty,
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Een<3 for circular. Patents Solicited.
LEDERER is par excellence, the hairdresser of
San Francisco; latest styles only, 25c: manl-
curinir. 23c; massaging, $1; trood switches, $1:
fine. $2 50: open Sun.. 9 to 12 n. m. 123 Stktn.
A FINE suit to order $10 75, or pants ?3 75; our
specialty in remnants nllows us to sell cheaper
than ready made. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market St.,
bet. 7th and Sth, prop. One-price Tailoring
Co.; 532 Kearny St., near Eacto; also 1644 Mar-
ket st., under St. Nicholas.
FIGER'S sweepers are the best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired and for sale at 242 Sutter.
OOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House: oysters
any sty!*. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: *00 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $* p*r week;
free "bus and baggage to and from th; ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on R COHEN. 137 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clcthlng, bric-a-brac, tools,
carpets, old pcld: send for him. 606 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. 11. MARKS. 2C9 Third st.: send postal.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
cr no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
WANTED— OId sold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents^
626 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established IS."*.
Downtown Investment— First block on Ellis
St.: will pay 7 per cent.
$17,000— Fulton st.. bet. Polk and Van Ness
aye. ; lot 50x120 to Ash aye.
$3500— Sutter St.. near Laguna; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 20:8x95.
$5000^ — Baker st.. near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; in perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
Must be sold— Shotwell st., near Sixteenth;;
rent $41; price only $3300.
$3750— Twenty-seventh st., near Dolores; 11
rooms; 2 baths; lot 25x114.
$3000— Sliver st., near Second; 2 houses in flats-
rent* $27: lot 22x70.
$2500— Sheridan et., near Tenth and Harrison*
flats; well rented; lot 25x100. /-
$3OO0 — Glover st., near Jones and Broadway:
2 flats: rent $24; lot 2SxfiO.
| Caetro st.. near Twenty-first— Fine residence;
8 rooms and bath; new and modern; 25x105;
price cnly $4350.
$4250— Oetavla st., near Halght; an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37;6x57:6.
J32oO— Twenty-second Bt., corner York; 50x100;
cottase, 4 rooms.
$3500— Greenwich st., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 25:9x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine st.,
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
$55CO— On the Park Panhandle; a nice 2-story
double flat of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each"
lot 31x110.
$3000— A fine block of outside land close to
the Park; a big bargain.
$23,C00— A great bargain on Larkln et., next
south of Geary; stores and flats; rent $ISS; lot
47:Cx137:6 feet.
$26,000; reduced from $27,500— Excellent corner
property on Turk St.. east of Larkln; 37:6x87:6.
$10,000— A eplendld bay-window; two flats of
C and 7 rooms nnd bath on Turk St., near
Larkln; lot 25x137:6.
$3Soo— Another piece of business property on
Geary st.; a 3-story house of store and flats;
rent $45.
$5000— Double flat on Frederick st, near Park
entrance; 5 and^ rooms; rent $50.
$30. C00— Taylor st.. one block from Market; a
fine buy.
J2s.OOo— Market St.. near Halght.
$25.CC0— A dead bargain; on Larkin St.. near
Geary; rent $IX3; stores and flats; lot 47:6x137.
H. E. POEHLMAN. 321 MONTGOMERY ST
A FEW BARGAINS.
$13,000— Two fronts, near East st. ; 40x120;
rents $85.
$5230— Reduced ; must be sold; Fillmore, near
Clay; two flats; a cnap.
$1000— Sacramento-st. home; 7 rooms; big
yard.
S4SOO— Grand lot; Paclflc aye., near Brodertck;
17:6x127:8: panoramic view; sunny.
• $150 buys 3 lots near Ocean Beach.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Real Estate Agent, re-
moved to 321 Montgomery s.t.
$17,000— A 3-STORY brick building; rents $140
per month; lot CO ft. front.
$8750—3 modern flats: Income $S3 per month
$5230 — New 9-room residence in W. A
$600(i — Corr lot on Hyde, St.; level; 137x137 '
; . JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
$1300— NEAT 4-room cottaKe; lot 25:9x112 feet,
near San Moten and Mission st. cars and
Fulrmount School; can be made In 2 flats
with little expense. Apply 213 Palmer st
near Chenery.
$3000 FOR nn excellent northwest corner on Do-
lores st., 1 block from the proposed park pan-
handle; worth at least $4500 to-day; seeing is
believing; investigate this and be convinced
Address owner, B. M. GRAY, 4,54 Ninth st.,
Oakland. '
{3750 — LOT and 3-story brick house; sunny side
Bouth Park, near Third St.; 8 rooms; also
large shop in rear yard. By WM. HEN-
DRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SAJLE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$15,500— RENTS $UOO PER ANNUM.
EHIb Bt.; only a few blocks from Market: a
splendid investment and very cheap, as the
owner Is going to Europe; 3 flats and house;
27'axISO; 3 frontages.
liaSO-RENTS $3«0 PER ANNUM.
3 cottages and lot 75x114; in the Mission
warm belt; near Twenty-third and Valencia,
sis.: street accepted; this is a bargain.
(8000.
Elegant Park residence; 2-story and base-
ment modern residence and large lot; no rea-
sonable offer refused.
$11 000-RENTS $1200 PER ANNUM.
Corner; 6 two-story houses of 6 rooms and
bath each; 67:6x52:6; Western Addition; this
is a first-class investment.
• $1600-RENTS $132 PER ANNUM.
Must be sold to close* an estate; 2 flats of 4
rooms each; brick foundation; JOxlOO; only
half block from Third-st. cars. South San
FranCl $ BSOQO-RENTS8 S0QO-RENTS *"2 PER ANNUM.
2 houses of 7 rooms and bath each, and lot
33x100; Devlsadero Et.; must be sold to close
an estate- no reasonable offer refused.
. I2SOO-RENTS $313 PER ANNUM.
A good Mission Investment; very cheap: 2
flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each and lot.
$7000-RENTS $672 PER ANNUM.
2 elegant new, modern flats of 6 rooms and
bath each^and^ UpWAnD .
Installment lots; Richmond: Tenth aye. C
and D sts.; adjacent to the Park; 25x120; $30
cash* $20 per month: Interest at 7 per cent.
$6000-RENTS $720 PER ANNUM.
3 houses of 6 rooms and bath each and lot;
near Mason and Jackscn sts.
$33T0-RENTS $432 PER ANNUM.
Near Third and Howard 3ts. ; 4 tenements,
lD BOO S3OOO^RENTS '$372 PER ANNUM.
Hyde ft ¦ splendid renting locality; S flats
of B "U^SbntbWper annum.
Webster-st. Investment: 2 new flats of 6 and
S rooms and bath each and lot. >;•: .
$3000.
By order of the Public Administrator;
Natoma st.; improvements and lot 85x76; no
rr ~ W t^MNTB U gn PER ANNUM.
Western Addition; 8 tenements and lot: near
Bush and Franklin sts.
Choice list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit. •
Call and obtain one of our Real Eetate Rec-
ords "-which contains a list of properties for
sole in all parts of the city.
' *¦ o. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY BT.,
MONDAY. JANUARY 15. 1800.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
J. H. MEDAU ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Dolores st.. east line. 91:3 ft, north of 24th St.;
choice residence lot; 30:6x117:6; subject to con-
firmation by court.
R. H. MONCK ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
The two following properties, subject to con-
firmation by the court:
No. 1. -
1123-5-7-9 Folsom Bt.. southeast corner of Har-
rison aye.. between 7th and £th sts. ; two two-
etory houses of 6 rooms each; also store and flat
of 6 rooms adjoining; rents $70 80 per month;
both streets accepted by the city; lot 50x75.
No. 2.
Prospect aye., northwest line, 105 ft. north-
east of Alabama St.; lot 23x100.
TURK STREET RESIDENCE.
1605 Turk st., south line, near Pierce St.; cozy
bay-window house of 7 rooms and bath;. nice
garden; brick foundation; stone walk, etc.; lot
27:0x95.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
229-11-17 and 19 13th St., south line, near Noe
st.; 4 bay-window flats of 5 and 6 rooms, bath
each; rents $6$ per month; brick foundation;
stone walk; street bitumlnlzed and accepted by
the city; lot £2x55.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
2530 McAllister st., north line, near Parker
aye.; bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
lot 25x59:8.
MISSION COTTAGE.
lit Vicksburc st., west line, between Church
and Sanchez, 23d and 24th sts.; bay-window
cottage of 6 rooms and bath; brick foundation,
etc.; stable In rear fgr 3 horees; lot 25x117:6 to
MISSION COTTAGE.
4C7G i9th St., north line, near Castro St.; bay-
window cott&se of 5 rooms and bath; large
basement; lot 30x75.
CHATTANOOGA STREET LOT.
Chattanooga Et., west line, 182 ft. north of
22d 6t.; lot 26x125.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Dolores, 25th and Fair Oaks sts.; 19 choice
residence lots, located in the warm belt of the
Mission; fine view: eaay terms.
For further particulars apply at our offlce.
G. H. UMUSEN & C*J.. Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you doubt the prosperity of San Francisco
now?
OUR BARGAINS IN SUNSET AND RICH-
MOND.
$:00— 9th aye., bet. M and N sts.; graded and
sewered.
$650— Sth aye., bet. X and L sts.; graded and
sewered.
$700 — Mli and 9th ayes., bet. J and X sts.;
graded ar.d sewered.
$250 to $400— Near 19th-ave. boulevard, oppo-
site Strawberry Hill. -
$400— CLEMENT ST., NEAR 22D AYE.
$Cso— llth aye.. near Point Lobos aye. and
boulevard; trailed.
$700 to $SCO— Choicest lots; east of 12th aye.
$75 to $200— Level; Ocean boulevard and Mis-
sion »t. lots; near electric cars; all on in-
stallments.
Sunday and every day at branch offlce. 9th
aye. and II st.
Call for MaDs and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. Crocker bldg.
__ __ FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON. 321 Montgomery at.
$19.000— Stores and flats; Devlsadero st.; pay-
ing 6 per cent net: Improving in value for busi-
ness; make nn offer.
$20,000— Page St.. near Market; large lot: rents
$1630 per annum: will Increase- in value steadily.
$6000— New flats; Clayton st., near Waller and
park: rents $500 per annum; easy terms.
$8000 — Modern house: Gouph St.; 8 rooms; fin-
ished attic and basement: tiling, etc.; view of
bay.
$4000— Sacramento st., near Webster; house of
7 rooms and bath: this Is a bargain.
$16, 5O— Corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
3 houses: rent $1620 per annum: easy terms.
$30C0r-Houso of S rooms and bath; high base-
ment; Twenty-third St., near Castro; fine view;
this Is a bargain; In warm belt; make offer.
$2600— Corner Fifteenth st., near Valencia; j
choice for flats; light for every room.
$2000 — Corner lot: Montgomery aye. and Taylor
St.: very cheap: will double your money.
*1500— Lots south *Ide Chestnut st., near
Stockton; street accepted: very cheap.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
$4000— GREEN St.; paying 15 per cent; double
house and extra slae lot; will bear closest In-
vestigation.
57500— Panhandle home; elegant, modern, up
to date: Devlsadero St., near Fell; street bltu-
mlnlz*>d.
$2300— Facing new park: Fourteenth aye., in
Richmond district; a complete home; you could
not build the house If given the lot for this
money.
$1400— A cheap corner hfme, with stable, on
Shotwell st., corner Stoneman; cost $2000 less
than 12 months ago and must be sold.
$185— Lnkevlew corner; cost $400: will submit
any reasonable offer.
$250— Nlnet^enth-nve. boulevard lots, each 23x
120, In block between M and N s.ts.; make your
selection nt once: bound to increase in price.
McEWEN BROS.. 113 Montgomery st.
CHEAP LOTS ON EASY TERMS. ™~
*Uo— On Lincoln aye.. Heyman Tract.
$2.'O— On Twenty-ninth st., near Castr©.
$100— Lots near Golden Gate Park.
$650— Lots corner Mateo and Arlington sts.
$150— Near Mission St., Excelsior Homestead.
$100— Lots In Co!ma. S ,
$75— Lots In Alvln Tract. Oakland.
Having sold two houses last week in the
Heyman Tract I will be ready to start two
new ones next week and give the public an-
other opportunity to get a home for their rent
JACOB HEYMAN. moved to 117 Sutter st.
150 BARRELS PER DAY FROM FIRST
WELL! OTHERS NOW BEING COM-
PLETED. Secure some stock in a producing
company at $l A Per ES hare. iTED _
CALIFORNIA STANDARD OIL, COMPAKT.
Rooms 15-16, 2d floor.
Mills building. San Francisco.
CORNER LOT. — — — —
FOR SALE.
Nice buslnese corner, 1 block from Fillmore
and California sts. : quick sale desired, to settle
an estate. Price JS2SO. Particulars of JULIEN
SMITH. Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery st.
$12C0— COST $1800: fine residence and business
lot, 29x100, on Point Lobos i aye, \\e\t corner
$75 each— Choice level lots. 25x120, near In-
grleElde and Ocean View. Address R., box 114,
Call offlce. -
FINE residence— s6ooo; Clay St.. bet. Buchanan
and Webfcter. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
NEW cottages, houses and flats for sale on
'Pierce and Waller sts.. near Halght: over 30
houses sold in same block. Terms to suit by
. F.; NELSON, builder.
REAL —STATE— CITY-— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$8500— Octavia st.. near Broadway: 2-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 15x137 :«;
rents $4S. .
BUSINESS ' CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st.. Treat
avo., 13th and 14th sts., being offered in sub-
divisions. Call at office and get diagram; $1100
and upward.
A BARGAIN IN RICHMOND.
Jl2.oCo— Half block in Richmond district;
fronting on Point Lobos aye. ; graded and street
work • tartly done.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$4200— Jackson St., near Mason, 3 flats, also a
2-story house of 10 rooms; lot has 46 feet front-
are; rents }52.
»70C0— Rltch Et.; 10 tenants: rents $57 60; lot
Eox7s.
$15,000— Offer wanted; big bargain; best part
of Valencia st. ; rent $108 per month; large lot,
65xS0 feet, with s»lendid improvements; con-
sisting of stores and flats.
A DESIRABLE INVESTMENT.
$28,000 — Choice piece of business property
north of 'Market St., and within 4 blocks of
Powell and Eddy: improvements consist of
stores nnd lodging-house above of 25 rooms;,
rent JISS.
CORNER LOT.
$17,5C0— 30-vara; Presidio Heights; fine marine
view.
$iCOo— Sacramento st.. between Lacuna and
Buchanan; 40xi:7:8">i.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$525 AND UPWARD— Rapidly growing resi-
dence section. .-.
On very easy payments; choice lots In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.: right on
the Park and the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard; a number of lots already Bold; balance
bound to cell quickly; fine investments; good
building lots; all ready; lots on official grade;
macadamized; water pipes laid; plank side-
walks; 6 per cent interest only.
PRICES $125 UPWARD— YOUR OWN* TERMS.
Money advanced for building purooses; elec-
tric cars pass the property; see this block at
once. Oo to our branch offlce to-day, cor. H
st. and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc.. there or at
our office. BALDWIN Sc HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
VAN NESS AYE. BOULEVARD LOTS
AT AUCTION,
THURSDAY. JANUARY 25. 1900.
At 12 O'clock Neon.
AT SALESROOM, No. 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
8 BEAUTIFUL LOTS ON VAN NESS AYE.
Between LOMBARD and CHESTNUT STS.
2 CORNERS.
ALSO
5 LOTS ON VAN NESS AYE.
Between CHESTNUT and FRANCISCO STS.
1 CORNER.
AND ONE KEY LOT ON FRANCISCO ST.
Splendid Location for Residences or Flats.
MUST BE SOLD. .
TERMS— Two-flfthß CASH, balance 1, 1 and 3
years. Interest t» per cent.
Call at offlce for catalogue.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St..
San Francisco.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (INC.)
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
83x56— Cohen place, off Ellis, W. of Leaven-
worth: S modern flats.
35x137:6— Hayes St., near Fillmore; 3 flats;
rent $90: $13,500.
25xlCO— Van Ness aye., near Paciflo aye.;
modern 12-room house.
&ox7s— Natoma, near Bth; 6 tenements; rents
$*Q; $7500.
25xS0— Fourth St.. near Harrison; store and
flat: $6S0O; sale urgent.
46x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
houses; rents $34; $6250.
112:6x37:6x87:6^ — Ccrner Kearny and Green-
wich: 10 2-story houses; rents $S0; $6COO.
25x75— Corner Virginia and Prospect ayes.; 3
flats: rents $37; $5000.
22x63:!)— Paclflc, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath; $4500.
25x81:6— Twenty-third, near Dolores; 2-story
house, C rooma and bath; %"M down; balance
Bam« as rent: Interest 6 per cent; must be sold
to close on estate.
36x90— Guerrero st., near Nineteenth; cottage;
$?700
25x100— York, near 20th; house of 10 rooms;
$2SOO.
26x80— Diamond, near Twenty-fourth; cottage;
rent $15; $2500.
23x100 — Lyon. near Geary, cottage; $2250.
25x1!0 — Eleventh aye., near Lake; new cot-
tape; $2100.
23x50— Auburn, near Pacific: l-story house:
rents $24: $1700.
Jox6o to rear street— Salmon, near Paclflc;
$1500; 2-story house.
UNIMPROVED.
73x137:6 — Corner Hampshire and Eighteenth.
6S:9xB7:«— Corner Fillmore and Green; $5000.
25x100— Florida St.. north of 18th; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
24VX15O— Corner Thirty-fourth and A; $2300.
$0x71:10— SE. corner Polk and Lombard sts.
37:4>ixl37:<5— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
260x123— NW. corner Fountain and 25th.
23x80— Sancher. near Twenty-seventh; $700.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S MONTGOMERY STREET.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
Residence of 13 rooms In Pacific Heights; fine
marine view; lot 35:10x137:6; price $13,000.
Seven-room residence on Webster st.; sunny
and comfortable; only $5500.
A COZY HOME.
In North Beach, on Taylor st. ; 5 rooms and
bath, with basement: has fine marine view; a
pretty, "cozy home; reduced to $2500.
AN OFFER WANTED.
Good residence of 7 rooms on Steiner st.. near
O'Farrell: owner in the East and will sell at a
barratn; lot 22:6x127:6.
FLATS.
Three fine flats in panhandle district; always
rented at $S0 monthly; lot 25x112:6; price $3000.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
Store and 3 flats; rents $39. $50 per month;
must be sold immediately: reduced to $3250.
MISSION COTTAGES.
Call for our list of cottages In all carts of
the Mission; from $1750 upward; eaay terms if
desired.'
SUNSET DISTRICT.
Two fine lots on Seventh aye., near park;
level lots; very cheap at $750 each.
Two lots on Nlneteenth-ave. boulevard; Csx
120; only $575.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
• ' 108 Montgomery St., 8, F.
SAVE AND MAKE MONEY.
BUY A LOT NEAR GOLDEN GATE- PARK.
A good new year's resolution and one you can
never regret is to save money. A good way to .
nave is to buy a lot near the Park. The recent
bond election means that Golden Gate Park will
be the largest and grandest park In the world.
In all larce cities lots near the parks ore al-
ways very valuable. You can buy one cheap
now.
$275— South of the Park, near Tenth aye.': 23x
ICO; $5 monthly: graded and fenced.
$450— Cheapest lot on Ninth aye.: 25x120; $40
cash, $7 50 monthly: street graded and macad-
lzed; marnlflcent view.
1673 — Tenth aye.. near J st. ; street work done;
25x120; ?10 monthly.
$750 — Ninth aye., only 2 blocks south of the
Park: 25x120; street graded, sewered and mac-
adamized: water and gas In street; $30 cash.
$10 monthly; fine view, overlooks Park and
ocean.
$550— Cheap lot on Clement st. ; 25x100; street
work done; faces Sutro's electric road; $50
cash, $10 monthly.
Send for price list of Park lots in Richmond
and south of Park.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
$3800— FINE speculation: a northwest corner on
Fell, st..- facing new Panhandle: both streets
bltuininlzed.
A FORECLOSURE SALE.
VALLEJO-ST. FLATS.
$."3C»— Worth $7500: close to Polk St.; 3 nice
flats; all rented: lot 25x120; rented low at $53.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
$12 60 A MONTH i $12 R0 A MONTH
Buys a new 4-room and bath cottage and
level lot near Mission st. and Crescent aye.:
bay-window and all the latest improvements;
s> fine chance for a home.
OSCAR HBYMAN. H Post st.
THOSE TWO
5 and C room cottacen, as advertised last
Sunday, are sold. The buyers had paid rent
for ten year* and had nothing for all this
money paid. They will now pay for their
homes with their rent-money and in a few
years they will own their own homes. Take
Mission street car». transfer at Twenty-sec-
ond. : and ride to Hoffman aye. ; walk %
block to Elizabeth street and look at these
homes. I am going to build more like them.
Your rent-money will buy • them. •
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at.
FOR SALE
NEW RESIDENCES.
The corner has been sold; only two left— a
grand opportunity that should not b« neglect-
• ed by . seeker* for houses. In the choicest
locality: north elde of Vallejo street, near
Fillmore. Houses open for Inspection to-
day. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
CHEAP house and lot wanted in pleasant loca-
tion. WALLER. . box 2571. Call office.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.. makes loans on
second mortgage*, interests In estates, etc..
FOR sale — Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms;
latest Improvements; Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st cars; patent sidewalk
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE &. CO.
$1152 Per Annum. ACTUAL INCOME, $1132.
EVERY FLAT RENTED.
f?.£o0 — 2 stores and ten flats, on lot 40x75 feet,
near Third and Bryant sts.
LEAVENWORTH STREET FLATS.
fs,soo— Rents $42 50 per month; 2 nice flats of 5
and 6 rooms and bath; 2 frontases; any
offer submitted.
EAST OF LEAVENWORTH STREET.
$31,060— Eddy St., near Mason; size IZxlV*.
$12,000 — North side Turk St., near .Tones: 23x
137:6; large house: 11 rooms; $7000; bank
mortgage can remain.
$7,000 — North side Bush et.: large residence
rooms; rents low, $42 50 per month; lot
25x100.
$6,soo— O'Farrell St., near Jones; house 7 rooms
and bath; lot 22:11x65:10 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
RENTS $127 50 PER MONTH.
$13,C00— 57000 mortgage can remain: 8 modern
flats oi t and 7 rooms and bath; lot
50x90.
MODERN FLATS.
$s,23o— Rents $i 5 per month; S elegant flats of
6. C and 7 rooms and porcelain tubs; fine
view; can make satisfactory terms; large
lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
J2.6OO— Rents $36 60 per month; 1% blocks from
3d and Market sts.. on Natoma at.; lot
,30x75 alone worth the money.
CHEAFEST LOTS ON PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
$2,4oo— Size 27:6x137:6; unobstructed marine
view; surrounded by elegant residences.
$2.ooo— Near Post and Taylor sts.; lot ZOxs7:«;
house t rooms: ground alone worth the
money. .
$2,C00-On Tebama St., nr. Fourth: lot 15x75;
improvements, 2 cottages.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
60S Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO. 657 MARKET ST.
All Selected Bargains.
A— $140,000; grand buy; near Chronicle; rents
$S:5 net.
A— s7s,Coo; rents $4000 per year; €0-foot corner,
near Tlvoli.
A— sJs,ooO; fine buy: 4-story brick; near Or-
pheum; lot 36 feet front: all rented.
A— s43,ow; rents $4000 per year; Slxth-st. cor.
A— S3I. COO: business property; rents $2SO; new
building.
A— 525,000; rents $200; new; all rented.
A—sls,£oo;A — $15,£00; rents $135; corner on Leavenworth
St.; mortgage $12,CC0.
A— 512,500; rents $100; business property; near
Hale's store.
A— s73oo; rents $73; 3 elegant flats, nr. Halght.
A— SSOCO; rents $C 0; Post St.; 3 nice flats; S. E.
cor. Twentieth «t. and Lexington aye. ; 8 rooms
and bath; want offer.
A— s4soo; rents $40; California st. : 3 good flats.
FORECLOSURE sale— s2ooo; two choice flats of J
5 rooms each, renting for $1S; make offer. At I
310 Valley St.. near Noe. or SPECK & CO., i
C 67 Market st
NEW modern home: $000 cash. $23 per month;
Greenwich, near Buchanan st. THE McCAR-
THY CO.; 646 Market s^
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate/and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st. '
Make offer— Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$16C0— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 25x
137:6 feet. t
H. MURPHY, 630 Market St.. makes loans oa
second mortgages. Interests in estates, etc.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
S^CLA^r^AIIG^INS^TTAJJDs! "~
STOCK RANCHES AND FARMS.
$12,000— :S00 acres, 6 miles rrest of Healds-
btirg, with house and tarn; fine pasture; well
¦watered and wooded; will keep 2500 sheep or I
300 cattle and hogs; cheapest ranch in Sonoma j
County.
$3 50 an acre; grand stock ranch; 3000 acres |
on fork of Eel River; 20 miles north of Uklah;
on extension of railroad; fenced: well watered
and wocded: 190 acres level land for grain;
fine house, barn, orchard and garden; easy
terms.
$7 50 acre; S4O acres selected redwood land
on road and river, Mendocino County.
$2 £0 an acre; half price; SCO acres on main
road; at railway station; hill pasture: fruit and
wood land and enough oak timber to pay fur
the land; some rich level plateau land and
fine springs.
$2000—18 acre fruit and poultry farm, near
Petaluma: house, barn and orchard. Call or
address P. ROTHERMEL, 507 California st.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
W« desire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in in-
come producing orchards, .vineyard, grain an>l
stock farms, many of which are bank fore-
closures, that we have for sale. Our Mr. Bush,
having had 40 years' knowledge and experi-
ence of the value of lands and being the owner
of an Income-producing orchard and vineyard,
can Intelligently direct intending buyers to the
best lati'ls and bargains In the State. Call or
write for what you want.
G. H. UMESEN & CO..
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
A "SNAP" — Go and Inspect to-day: best off<»r
this week will buy this elezant home and
poultry ranch: about VA acres rich, level,
dark soil; fenced In 3 fields; 65 bearing fruit
trees, berries and atfalfa; new, modern resi-
dence of 6 rooms, bath and basement; barn,
poultry houses and yards; abundance of fine
water piped everywhere: Vernon station, on
Leona Heights electric line, is en the place;
thickly settled and desirable portion of Fruit-
vale, near Haywards electric line; cheap at
$2500. What will you give?
N. D. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT,
10 Geary st., opp. Chronicle building, S. F.
ASTONISHING ofTer: $30 to $75 per acre; a to
ICO acres; size tracts to suit; rash, easy terms
or might take part In exchange; all very
finest: highly cultivated level loam; in most
desirable location: within 2!& miles, by level
sprinkled road, from Napa; unsurpassed for
fruit, vineyard, olives, nuts, corn, etc.; now
raising immense crops of grain; unequaled
for poultry business; 2 livlnjc creeks;- abund-
ance well water: complete of buildings; scat-
tering large oaks: would be cheap even at
$100 per acre: better than stated.
N. D. SICKELS. THE LAND AGENT.
10 Geary st., opp. Chronicle bids.. S. F.
A LIST of Special Bargains— When sending for
my catalogue always state about what is
wanted, amount to invest, etc.; I'll then also
furnish a specially prepared list of "snap"
bargains near what you want, not In cata-
logue. While I make a upecial feature of
Napa and Sonoma County places, I'm person-
ally acquainted with over 30C0 ranches for
sale or exchange in California— more than any
other ten agents in the State. I travel nearly
all the time, inspecting country property.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent.
10 Genry St.. opp. Chronicle bldg., S. P.
CALIFORNIA~STANDARD OIL COMPANY.
GIANT OIL COMPANY.
J. M. MERRILL. President.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, Vice President.
Rooms 15-lfi. 2d floor.
Mills building, San Francisco.
BANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
stock lands; owner's sale in tracts of 5 to SCO
acres.; rasy terms, or will exchange for San
Francl«co property. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS and O. C. VACHELL. 20 Montgomery
St.. between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. daily.
MARIN Co.: 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $S0
per acre: choice lands in tracts of alt slz^s;
Improved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mills bldg., S. F.
FOR SALE— S3GO; 300 laying hens. 1 horse, I
harn«ss. 1 cart, 1 plow, 1 harraw and small
tools: will rent the place at $19 per month:
has 3 acres, 6-ro«m hous*\ barn. 9 chicken
houses, windmill and tank: small orchard;
close to town. GEO. C. YOUNG. Petaluma.
IN the oil belt. Monterey Co., 320 acres for
sale, rent or trade: suitable for stock, chick-
ens, bees, good feed and flowers now. C. O.
C, Valleton, Cal.
FOR sale or exchange for Improved San Fran-
cisco property, fruit ranch IC3 acres; value
. $SOOO. Address H. F. SPEITZEN. Watsonvllle.
MILLBRAE lots and block*: fenced: water
work* BUTTERFIELD. 927 Market st.
YES. $3 per acre up: farm list: fre» fare. M.
CRIFFEN. '» Market St.. Bear Call building.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
n<>st*g» paid.
RA>CII TO LET.
FoR rent — Ranch of 10 acres, with house and
barns: suitable for milk or chicken ranch;
running stream of water: back of Glen Park.
Inquire JOOST BROS.. Mission and Eleventh
. st».. or Corbett road. Sunnyslde Saloon.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— Los Angeles Income property,
• clear, for Oakland or San Francl?co property.
What have you? Box 2564. Call offlce.
$5000— RANCH, 256 acres, on Russian River,
to exchange for city property or grocery or
butcher business. Address R., box 114, Call.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
"WANTED — 10 to 160 acre ranch: plenty of
water; foothills of Sonoma, Napa or Contra
Costa counties: Improved or unimproved:
| WILLIAM H. MACY. 16 Geary st.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPWO. •
BUSH. 2S2«— Two sunny front rooms; furnished
for light housekeeping; adults only.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and iubseriptlon*
received at Call branch oface. 2220 Fillmore at.
CLAY. 2421. near Flllmcre— 2 large unfurnl_>«l
rooms; yard; water: rear; rent $7.
HOWARD. tVX bet. Seventh and Eighth— Two
nice furnished rooms for housekeeping: $10.
LEAVENWORTH. 223— Larpe unfurnished bay-
window room: housekeeping; adults; $10.
MINNA, 23— Sunr.y furnished housekeeping and
single rooms, 73c and Jl par w^ek.
MINNA. 707. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
Housekeeping rooms; also 3 unfurnished
rooms: cheap.
MISSION. 178—2 sunny roor.is furnished for
housekeeping; bath, coal range; $10.
MISSION. 94^— Front room and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping.
NINTH. 113—2 connected sunny housekeeping
rooms; runnins water; $3.
O.aK. IS— Two cozy unfurnished housekeeping;
• rooms cheap; sun all day.
OAK. su4— Large sunny front rooms for house-
k?eping; gns. bath; new house.
POLK, IBS."— Light room: gas, running" water;
bath; $5 per month; private.
.POWELL. 110— A pleasant sunny room, wtth
running water; Hklu housekeeping if desired.
SHOTWELL. 219—2 housekeeping rooms fur-
nlahed or unfurnisheil; use of bath.
SIIOTWELL. 937 — Upper floor: 3 sunny bay- win-
dow room* and bath; $10.
STEVENSON. «42. bet. Seventh and Eighth,
above Odd Fellows' Hall, near new postonVe<
— 2 furnished housekpg rooms: bath; central.
THIRD. 318 — Front sunny housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
TWELFTH. 12— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping, from %i to $8.
UNION, 1217, near Hyde— Two or three sunny
rooms, with bath, fireplace and gas; fur-
nished or unfurnished; cheap.
VAN NESS aye.. 400—3 connecting sunny rooms;
large yard: stationary tubs; northeast corner:
well furnished.
A BRANCH office for the reception ot adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at J22S Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establl3hed at IC3S Va>-
lercia st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky gt». : open until * p. m.
CHEAPEST ami best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1€ pages, sent to any address in th»
Ur.ited States or Canada oc» year for $1,
postatre paid.
ROOMS TO L— T — Fnrn. and Infnrn.
X^BRUNSWICK~HOuiE". 14S~ Sixth— Rooma
2lc to $1 per night; C ::. to iJ per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms 50c to $1 50 day. MR3. J. KINO.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
cor. sunny suites fcr gentlemen and families';
spec, rates tourists; elevator; all conveniences.
BORROW en pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ay.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rme., suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 33T4 (The Olympio— Sunny rooms;
double. $2 per week^
CALIFORNIA. 1404— Nice sunny bay-window
room, suitable for two gentlemen; gas and
use of bath.
CARROLTON. 12C5 Market, cor. Golden Gat»
aye.— Sunny ccrner: well furn.: nns. & ofilces.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ami subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmo'e st.
ELLIS. 633, corner Larkin— Sunny; furnished;
bay-window; mantel; double foldlns bed; $12.
FIFTH, 137— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM. %S. corner Sixth (The Ollv«r>— Sunny
furnished rooms: suites or single: new mgt.
FOURTH. 2£>— Nice front room, suitable for 1;
also single. . .
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 1333 Devlsa-
dero st., cor. California.
GEARY. 14 A— 7 rooms to let; nicely furnished;
1 front room.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elecantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House. 1!)2 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooma: day or week; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Nicely furnished,
front room: private family; reasonable.
COUGH. 497— A larse furnished front room:
suitable for two gentlemen.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission rts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
H\NCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 £0 to $C per week.
HOWARD, 715— 2G0 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished ; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD S-3 — Clean, respectable; 23c-$l per
right; $l'-$3 per week: Howard cars to door.
HYDE 4f:S— Sur.ny furnished; folding bed; gas.
bath; $10: al3o B'ngle.JJT^ ,
IN~I3OO block. California St.— Comfortable room;
fine board; bath: gas; phone; use of parlor
and oiano: suitable for gentleman or coupla
employed all day; references. Address' box
2074, Call office.
JESSIE. 373. nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $5 and $C.
LAGUNA. 524 (St. James)— A sunny suite, fur-
nished. $13: unfurnished, $12; unequaled;
quiet, genteel home. t'-fy'r:
MARKET, 9^— Furni.«he.i front room; above
Hale Bros. Apply 1"S K^y »t.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week: transient.
MINNA, 727 Vj — Sunny double room for one or
two gentlemen; gas; bath: rent $6.
MISSION. 1204— Sunny bay-window suite, nice-
ly furnished; reasonable. ¦
MISSION. 1729Vi— Rooms suitable for I or t la
exchange for evenlnc with studies.
NA.TOMA. 735— One large |unny room: $6.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunr.y furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wit., mo.
POLK 810— A nicely furnished room; grate;
gtm: 'bath; private family.
POST. 372— t furnished rooms for housekeeping;
bath: call 1 to 3 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ROSEDALE 321 Ellis, near Taylor— lCo rooms:
23c a night; $1 a week; transient.
ROYAL Hou?e. 126 Ellla st— lncandescent light,
reading room, smoking room and ladies' par-
lcr- rooms, per nlcht, 33c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$3; month. $3 to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth it.,
near Market— Furnished an>l unfurnished.
SIXTH. 239. cor. Folsom — 2 sunny furnished
front rooms, suitable fcr 2.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming nous*
for good people. P.. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, €23—3 unfurnished room's, with us* of
bath and stationary tubs^
THIRTEENTH. 329. near Valencia— Furnished
sunny room; rent $4; also lame front room;
rent $4.
TURK. 310 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, suitable
for two.
VAN KES3 aye.. ML cor. Fell— A nicely fur-
nished sunny front room: folding bed. bath,
gas, stationary washstand. fire grate: every-
thing new; suitable for 1 or 2 persons; rent
reasonable.
VAN NESS aye. 30S— Elegant suites, slngl*
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
doctor or dentist. _^
VAN NESS aye.. 844 — Elegantly furnished and
unfurnished rooms, with board; price reason-
able^
WILLOW aye.. 2<V-Un furnished large alcove
room and adjoining room and bath; cheap.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions his been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1336 Va-
lencia »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* an.l
. subscriptions has been established at th»
northwest corner of Twenty-recond and Ken-
tucky sts. : op»n till 9p. m.
ROOMS WASTED.
LADY will give piano lessons In exchange for
room or pay fcr same. Cox 4163. Call office.
SEWING MACHINES ASD SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented. repalr?d. bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Hixth: phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds boujrht. sold, exchanged, rented: re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 20G Fourth st.
STORAGB A3D WARISHOtSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office," 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main S7IX.
For additional classified advertise-
ments see page twenty-six.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
25KAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfiIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry
Week Days.... 3:30 a. m. and 1:45 p/nx
Bundayi...... 8:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p.m.
Steam-beated closed car on all trains.
Fare— Saa Francisco to Summit and Return,
JISOO— COST J2SOO: nearly new 2-story house: 7
room*, bath, electric lights, etc.; on double
lot; 80 feet from electric cars, near A*hby sta-
tion- eanr terms. Address R.. box 114. Call.
CKKKELET HOMES.
fjooo— Pretty 7-room house; street Improved.
12500— New modern 7-room home; street Im-
proved.
tCOOO— Lovely new home; 7 room*; terms to
suit.
J&00— 8-roora: fine view: close to university.
O. G. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
MIST SELL TO-PAT. "
Throe modern houses, eastern frontare and
p-rar,<l marine view: S rooms: elegant finish;
only half a block from University of California;
a!! ready tn move Into; easy payments. Parti-
cular* of M. L. WURTS. Seventeenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
gTCWK can be had at tl per share In CALI-
FORNIA STANDARD 4: GIANT OIL COM-
PANIES: producing and shipping 150 barrels
rer day from ONE WELL; clx other* being
drilled: Bale of STOCK limited. Room* 15-16.
Id floor. Mills building, San Francisco.
jjWO-BEAUTIFUL lot <6x130. on Telegraph aye.
fZTO—K map: lot 40x136. near Golden Gate.
A<Mr«s« R.. box 114, Call office^
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BEXXETT— In this city. January 9. 1900, to the
wife of Reuben D. Bennett, a son.
FOLET— In this city, January 10. 1900, to th»
wife of William E. Folev. a son.
FRITZ— In this city. January 10. 1900. to the
wife of Antone Fred Fritz, a dauKhter.
GERLOFF— In this city. January 8, 1900, to the
wife cf G. Gerloff, a daughter.
GILMOUR— In this city. January 1L 1900. to
the wife of Thomas W. Gllmour, a daugh-
ter.
LAN'DSBERGER— In this city, to 'the wife of
Nathan J. Landsberrer. a daughter.
LINDLET— In Oakland. January 1, 1300. to the
wife of Morton Llndley, a daughter.
LOWDEN— In this city. January 8. 1900, to the
wife of James W. Lowrien, a son.
MARTINON'I— In Alameda. December SL 1559,
to the wife of P. Martinonl, a daughter.
KEVIN"— In this city. January 12. 1900, to the
wife of George S. Kevin, a son.
PINTO— In this city, January. 7. 1600, to the
wlf*» of G*orge J. Pinto, a daughter.
RETHERS— In this city. January v, 1900, to the
wife of Dr. Theo. Rethers, a son.
SHE AH AN— ln this city.. January 6, 1900, to
the wife of John J. Sbeahan, a daughter.
WATERS— In this city, December 29, 1899, to
the wife of W. W. Waters, a aon.
WEBER— In this city, January 6, ISOO, to the
wife of Albert Weber, a daughter.
Siroo— s LOTS. 40x127, and a 6-room cottage;
iroo ca«h, halance at $15 per month. Including:
nr.f'O— FINK new modern house 7 rooms; choice
lot. J. H. YOUNG. 1543 Park st.
$3000— SEH this Vi acres of land In heart of
town of Berkeley, with a fine 4-room house:
mortcajere for 11300 to the Oakland Bank of
Savinjrs, which ran remain or can be taken
up. W. C. MORAN*
A HOME— Prn<l description, condition and loca-
tion. I will find y«u one. A. R. DENKE Sr.,
HM "Webster at.. Alameda.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
To CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cojinectino Traijj Leaves San Fkanciscoi
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
saturJay, arriving la Chicago at 2:15
P.n in lime to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVECLAIND Leaves San Francisco at 5:»
CXPDESS P - m- wilh Palace and Tourist
haii v £L rs for Kansas CitJ. St. Louis,
UAILT Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VAI ITV
Fresno. Ban ford, Visalia, Tnlare nklW
and Bakers field. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FRISCO SOON M^ft Street Phone Main
o Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way: Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SauMllt* Pmrry.
Commencing October 1 ISS3
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL?" VALLEY
AND BAN RAFAEL. ¦ n ~**^*
WEEK DATS— »7:CO. *D:3O. U:fco « m.- *i«
•3:40. 5:15. « 00. 6:30 p. m. ' n '*^
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San R*.
.r^oTan^rp. dneSday * "* *«urda R yt
.:f s y^4^: 8 , < !! o oo ?°%: m:x> •• *--> »
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln
ITROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANrmrrk
WEEK DAYS-5:23. 1:35. 745 4 o «
•12:30. 2:15. -3:40. •SAS. p m *' "*•»
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday »m
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m * unesaa y s "4
SUNDAYS-e-.a). »8:C0. •10:00 ni- 43 „ „.
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. »«:30 p. m *" "••
U:S3. 2:35. 3:45. 5:20 p m "* U •• »•*
«&Y : .Ss ATS n? :< *- 10:06 *¦ »: ?* »=«. *m,
THROUGH TRAINS
53$ £ £ |a7^^o^afeTan n a^/.S!!^
Btagea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weal
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserviu* for Skagga
Springs : at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Spring*. Highland Sprtnga.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Bo4a Bay. Lak«-
&ort and Bartlett Springs; at Cktah for Vichy
prings. Saratoga Springs. Bine L&ken. L&ural
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Ponu,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle, Ott'«
Hot Sprtnga. Mendoclno City. Fcrt Braggv
Westport, Ural. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle. Cun£
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsea's. Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at pa-
¦tuced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all potatt
feeyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
PL C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Ageafc
tlf^O CAFH. balance easy terms; new 7-room
k house: 2 blocks to local. 1 block to Park st.:
beautiful punny home; write for particulars.
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
BUT FTOCK in a producing company; $1 per
Fhare. CALIFORNIA STANDARD & GIANT
OIL COMPANIES, rooms 15-16. 2d floor. Mllla
building, San Francisco.
;:«:•]>¦¦'/ 2txl2: cottage t rooms and bath;
street work done; easy terms.
t:2oo— Lot M>xl4s; fine cottage: 6 large rooms
and bath: worth {3^00; only {100 cash, balance
JIC P*r mor.th: treat ?r.ap.
tSOOO— Let 4£xlao; Morton et.. between rall-
r : :-: near station and school ; handsome new
cottage of 7 rooms and bath; SSOO and f2S per
month.
t^.%0 — Lot 25x150: 2-etory house of < rooms and
bath; Alameda aye., near Morton-st. station;
ea^y terms.
t3sCo— Lot 4Cx150; fine new 2-story house, t
rooms anl bath; Morton st.. near stations and
school?; J5OO cash, balance 130 p«r month.
J3COO— Lot 75x150; on main avenue; cottage
t rooms and bath; great bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
UK Park *t.. Alameda. Cal.
TTbaron Perry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, »:00. U:CO a. m. . U«,
>:30. 5:10. 630 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
¦UNDATS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra. : 1:10. 1:30.
1:00. «:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— B:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 13:43.
S:4O. 6:10 p. ra. Saturdays — Extra triaa at
1:55 and <:35 p. m.
mvrs DATS— 8:19. 1:40. 11:14 a. m.; 1:40. 3:4f1. 5:08,
(:2S p. m.
Between San. Francisco and Schuetzea Park
hum schedule aa above.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, ISSB. to Decem-
ber 31. 1539: Arthur Vanler. 5 years; Charles
Vanler. S: Frank Cryne. 4; Mary Canessa, iV4;
Peter Cane«sa. SV»: Joseph Burns, 3 5-6; Ger-
tie McLoughlin. 3 5-6; Pauline Smith, 5: Isa-
bel Smith. 2; Peter Reilly, 5: Gertie Bergln.
S: Christine Barnes. 2H; Fred Wilkle, I;
Frank Mnjruire. 2 S-I2: Mary Mulcahy, 3; An-
r.lta Greenwood. 2; Leurenca Bank, 2H; John
Bergln. 3: Francis Tarantino. S: William Mof-
fatt. 6; Mary McClellan, 6; Fred Sulz. 2*i;
Charles puiz, 1 1-3; Rose Herbert. 6.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
E Dinkelspell, Sulsun
Miss Griswolf*. S Jose
Mrs W Q Fewell. Sac
J P Helmgren, Bear*R
B Rousseau, Sierra Val
A I'ennington. Uktah
W R Allen. Chicago
M E Jamison, St Anth
G East & wf. Los Ang
T C Hocking. Modesto
F C Parker, Chicago
Miss A H Daugherty.
Llvermore
G D Flske. Woodland
Mrs A C Watson. Ohio
J S Carroll. Cal
Mrs M Merrlwether.Cal
Miss W Hansen, S Raf
D W Burchard. S Jose
F M Smith, Vacavllle
J M Moran. Cal
J L McGinn. Portland
E S King. Portland
Mrs Stevens, Skaguay
C W Joynt. Skaguay
Mrs Joynt, Skaguay
W N Smith. Portland
P Huntzsch. Fresno
F Henry. Fresno
P B McLeod. Seattle
J C Graves. Elmlra
C W Hazard. lowa
J H Gardiner. Rio Vist
Henry Thurtell. Reno
M C Wilson. Portland
Mrs M Williams. Portl
P Hirsh & w. N V
W Chambers & w. Or
G A Ligg. Nevada City
R*B Stephens. Los Ang
M uunckel, Chicago
L A Booksln, San Jose
C Kraft. San Jose
C H Blumer, Sac
S Mudrey. Wlnipeg
B F Shepherd. Fresno
Miss N L Campbell. Cdi
H L Smith. Cal
J Edman & w, Cal
B W Howard, Utah
Miss C B Ruke, Ky
M Houston & w. Cal
Mrs L Jose. Palo Alto
E D Shattuck, Chicago
Wm O Johnson, Elko
T W Petty & w, S Raf
C W Purtngton. Boston
G J Owens, Bakersfleld
S E McShane. Germny
PALACE HOTEL
W W Meek, Denver
A L Doremus, N V
F E Keating. Cal
Mr Woersker. China
Mrs Woercker. China
Lt Romanoff. Germany
Mrs 8 Watson. Ohio
A Nelston, London
Mrs A Nelston. London
H H Brown, Antelope
W H Brown, Antelope
C Wilson. Cal
J F Maloney, Alaska
C W Smith, Cal
J C Dorward, Boston
E A Hansen, Boston
Mrs I E Levl. N V
R Van Brunt. Leland
F F Peabody. Chgo
Mrs F F Peabody. Chg
W R Winchester. Neb
F C Baker. Portland
W W Baker. Portland
H R Jacobs, Ptiand
E V Avery. Stanford
W A Choate, S Ana
D W Argyle. Seattle
J Stull, 8t Louis
G T Meacham, Seattle
T Flournay, L Ang
W H Murphy. Stanfrd
P A Delmas, L Ang
J H Church. N V
G Brown. Stanford
H S Howard, Mass
H S Dewey. N V
W B Buckmlnster. Bos
E H Mason. N V
F F Saunders. Denver
Mrs F F Saunders,
Denver
E B Demlng. Chgo
W Kastrtner, Duluth
Mrs W Kastriner,
Duluth
J J Post. Mich
J E Dodge. Boston
J H Martin. N V
F A Duggan. Trenton
Mm F A Duggan.
Trenton
Mrs W Parlin. 11l
Miss Parlin. Illinois
J P McCreedy. Chgo
Mrs J P McCreedy. Cg
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
L Rafael. Yountvllle
\V Chambers & w, Pa
J Prltchard, Fresno
G Stark. Dlxon
J H Rafter, Cuffeys C
D Morpeth, Auckland
Miss E Johnson. S Jose
Mrs Glllmore, San Jose
F A Moyer, Portland
C F Johnhon. St Paul
M Mason. Uklah
L Wartenberjr. L Ang
L Aumll'er, Ft Baker
M B Stevens, Los Ang
Miss R Nlll, Fresno
S E Nlll. Fresno
O Olson. Reedley
J D Hendrlcks. Stktn
P F Rosa. Truckee
L Smith. Modesto
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum give* no-
tice that the following orphans and half or-
phans have been received Into the orphanage
from July 1 to December 81. ISS3: May Thorn.
' yrs. 1 mo. ; Jennie Husyenot, 8 yrs. ; Amelia
Hussenot, 2 yrs. 6 mo. : Isabella Mills, 4 yrs.
7 mo.; Anita Roadlet. 2 yrs.: Virginia Kirby.
4 yr». 1 mo.; Annie Kearney. 5 yrs. 2 mo.:
Anrie Farren. 8 yrs. ; Nellie Farren, C yrs. 3
mo. : Helena Griphen, 2 yrs. 6 mo. ; Elisa Bar-
tflnrka. 8 yrs. 2 mo.; Johanna Daley. 10 yrs.;
Mery Daley. 8 yrs. ; Martha Valient. 6 yrs. ;
Alice Valient. 2 yrs.: Anneta Alvlso. 6 yrs.;
Geneva Alviyo. 9 yrs.: Gadulupe Alrlso. 8
yrs.: Antcnia Hupsenot, 6 yrs.: Albert Kear-
ney. 6 yrs. S mo.; Willie Farren. S yrs. 1 mo.;
Gerald Griphen. 5 yr*. 6 mo.; Charles Foun-
tain. C yrs 7 mo.; Howard Jenkins, 6 yrs.;
Jcwrh Rrcrfieriek. 2 yrs. S mo.; Cella Basann,
£ yrs : Irene Basar.a, 4 yrs.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, fl per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devisa4ero et., near Sutter.
lime— 2:05. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner W p vin«o.
eh. k., by Red Iron-Lily W. ' • ".•. x * rlav *
Lomo Jumps well. Ballsta finished strong. Meddler lacked gnwvl
Scratched— Fi :Ft 130, P F 130. Rossmore 132. ""
UERKELEY ROOMS
•THE PLEASANTON." 2632 Durant aye.. near
university— Rooms with or without board;
young, ladles preferred.
MARRIED,
HANNAT— DONNELLT— In thii city, Decem-
ber 23, 1599, by the Rev. Father Nugent, John
A. Hannay and Loretto O. Donnelly, both of
San Francisco.
LANNIN— NORTON— In this city. November 28,
18»S ( by the Rev. James Stokes. Patrick J.
Lannin and Katie Norton, both of San Fran-
claco.
SPENCE— GROSS— In Albuquerque, New Mex-
ico, December 24, 1899, Charles Spence of Al-
buquerque and Mamie E. Gross of San Fran-
cisco.
WEDEL— DUNNE— In Portland, Or., December
12. 1599. John F. Wedel and Fannie Dunne,
both of San Francisco.
Time— %, :26; %, :50V4: ?i. 1:15%: mile, 1:42. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. c. by St. Andrew-Jude. —
Winner best ridden. Jenkins began taking things easy with Erwln and was caught nap
ping. Tar- Hill is only a commoner. Princess no Breed.
Scratched— Mortgage IM. '. ', :•
t3Ti<>— HOME on Telegraph aye.. finest street
on this side th« bay; corner lot ECxUO; 7-room
modern h«use: good barn: sell on easy terms.
H. fJ. IRWIN. Lorin Etation.
JHOO — NEAT cottage, 6 rooms, bath: hot and
cold water: h'.ch basement: comer lot SOxllS;
m-r!y Dalnted and papered; small cash pay-
ment: easy installments. H. D. IRWIN.
Lorin station.
f^OET FOURTH* RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, JGOO.
11600— S-HOOM house and a J-room cottage, on
corner lot. £0x150: non-rei>ldent must have
money. W. C. MORAN. Lorin Sta.. Berkeley.
JSOO BUYS a home; very easy terms; corner lot
40x100; comfortable cottage of 4 rooms; con-
venient to btation. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin sta-
tion.
Time— %. :12%; %, :36%; «i. 1:01%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. P.
Fine's b. g., by Imp. Inverness-Mascot.
Monda was gamest of a cheap assortment. Romany cut oft on backstretch. Baldwin quit.
Scratched— Almoner 113, Pongo 120, Gold Baron 113, Croker 113, Helen G 115.
Jlf.oo— H ACRE of land. 5-rrx>m house, 2 large
liarns. 2 chicken houses, plenty of fruit trees,
berry vine*, etc. : jrx»O cash, balance can re-
main on terms to suit. W. C. MORAN.
jj^ifto— BARGAIN" In choicest part of Berkeley;
C 4 acrpf that will subdivide Into S3 lots; see
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
C. C. HEMIP. Roal EFtate and General Land
Afr.t. "14 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot £7x150, with modern
house cf 9 rocms.
nQQ FIRST RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-old fillips: purse, $400.
J. F. CALDWELL— Starter.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judge.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp»ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC *I 2 First Class . Including Berth
iftnL $8 Second Class ana Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. IS. 23; F\>b. 2. 12
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Jan. 13. 23; Feb. 7. 17
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all polUts East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
TANTORAN PABK, Saturday, January 13, 190O.— Thirty-seventh
day of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather
fine. Track fast.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND BOOMS WANTED.
YOUNG Southern gentleman, stranger, desires
to rent ». furnished room in a private family
in Oakland. Alameda or Berkeley. Box 24.
Call office. Oakland.
Murdered by Burglars.
EDENBURG, Ohio, Jan. 13.— N. K. Goss,
a merchant, was shot and killed early
this morning by three burglars whom he
discovered in his store. The burglars es
caped and an armed posse started in pur
suit.
Iroquois Officers Installed.
At Its last regular meeting the Iroquools
Club Installed the following officers for
1900: President, William McMann; first
vice president, W. M. Cannon: second vice
president, J. B. Keenan; recording secre
tary, Fred A. Baldwin; corresponding sec
retary, J. L. Murphy: financial secretary,
A. D. Pratt; treasurer. P. H. Thomas;
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propeller Cora-
pary. office and principal place of business,
£27 Market St.. San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board nf Directors, held on the 18th day
cf December, 1539. en assessment (No. 7)) of
ere (1) cent per Fhare was levied upen the
capital Ftock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately in United Etatea gold coin to the
t f cr> tary at the office of the company at the
ebeve address.
Any stock upen which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 25nd day of January,
IJGC. will be delinquent ar:d adwrtlsed for sale
at public aucticn, and unless payment Is
made before, will be sold en the 12th day of
February. 1900. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs cf advertising and
•rpenses of «ale. T!y order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
ASSESSME.VT NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for U : collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<15 Montmmery rt.. room* S-10: tel. sr.?O.
LAPlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the be;t: safe. reKablei take no other;
*end 4e etamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return nail: at drug-
Fists. ChicheMer Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
Suffrage and Equality.
Yesterday afternoon there was a meet
ing under the auspices of the Mission Suf
frage and West End Political Equality
clubs In the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation building, in the Interest of woman
suffrage. The principal address was by
William Emmett Coleman on "The Jus
tice of Woman Suffrage." His remarks
were loudly applauded by his auditors.
There were other numbers on the pro
gramme, as follows: Music, "The New
America," sung by the audience; recita
tion, Mrs. Lida Hickok; music, song, Mrs.
Alice Eckman Cramer; piano solo. Miss
Belle Ensign; reading, Miss Emily Curtis:
"Battle Hymn of the Republic," sung by
the audience.
In the Divorce Court.
The suit by which Laura M. Grossman
seeks to obtain a decree of divorce from
Dr. Erward L. Grossman on the grround
of extreme cruelty was heard and sub
mitted for decision before Judge Seawell
yesterday. Mary R. Hutchinson has se
cured a divorce from James E. Hutchin
son on the grround of failure to provide.
The marriage of Roslyn H. Stevens to
Jack Stevens was annulled by Judge Sea
well yesterday on the ground that the de
fendant had a wife living at the time he
married the plaintiff. Suits for divorce
on the ground of cruelty have been filed
by Mary Treadwell against James Tread
well, Katherlna Ruef against Jacob Ruef,
Emelia Vatuone against Angelo Vatuone,
N: L». Hansen against Emily A. Hansen
and Minnie Berger against Gabriel A.
Berger. On the ground of desertion by
William H. Barman against Barbara Bar
man, Ray Kemllng against F. W. Kem
ling, Henry Herrin against Alice J. Her
rln, Louisa A. Henderson against William
G. Henderson and Malcolna E. McNair
against Louisa M. McNair.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
>»k Steamers leave Broadway
fTVm, ¦wharf, San Francisco:
£>\sijy§slk. for Alaskin ports. 10 a, m..
1 i^Ft**sv!sa Jan - 6 - "• 13 - 21 - :6 - J1 - Feb -
Mik S£kl \bV=l 6 - Change to company's steam-
EuSate&£im\ • F °r Victoria. Vancouver
r^^HSJftoll (B. C), Port Townsend. Seat-
tie. Tacoma, Everett. Ant-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 19 a. m.. Jan. 6.
11. 18 M 28. *1. Feb. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter: change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. R'y.: at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. R y
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Jan.
9. 14. 19. 24, 29, Feb. 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. _
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford <San Luis Obtspo). Gavlota,
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Huereme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Ansceles> and Newport. 9
a. m.. Jan 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. SI. Feb. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Pert Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Aneeles). 11 a.
m.. Jan. 6V6 V 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Feb. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (ilex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folder.
The company reserves the right to ehangs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 Nsw Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
ICOTICE Is hereby piven that the Maria Kip
Orrhar.ace of E2O Lake et. has received the
following orphan, half-crphan and aban-
doned girls from October 1, ISSJ. to January
1. 3900: Nettle Moore, ared 12 years; Cecils
H. Williamson, aired 11 years; Irene Bennet,
p.red 11 year*: Vera C. Faber. aged 9 years;
Georßle C Faber. aged 4 years: Bessie I.
Lee. aired 7 y^ars; Mabel J. Lee, aired S years;
Frances M. Kane. a*r<vi 2 years; Emily Johns-
ton !.;•<-: 5 years; Dorothea Johnston, aged
If mmths.
COAST DIVISION (Uroailtaage).
(Third and Townscmi SK)
lOiIOa Ocean View. Sontb Man 1- raadtco. . t^sSOp
•7:OOa Han Joso an.l Way Btati.ns (New
Almatlcii Weilnssdajsoii!;) «I:tUp
•OiOOa Nan Joae. Tres Him,.-.. H>.nta Cruz.
• Paclllo «JroT«. I'aso UcWes. Una
l.nij Cliispu. Surf. Looipoc ami
Principal Wnr Stntlnua Niltr
•lOiIOa Sau.Tosumxl Way Stations •SsSSa
•lIiSOa Ban Jnse ami Way Stations *3t30»
i-Jtita? Bau Matro. Kihlwoo.l. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Joso,
Tres Pisos, Uanta Cms. Salinas,
Monterey au<t Taclllo CroTs fl©sS«4
flt>nnp Paa.ioasaml Way Stations *7:3<>r
41:13p SanJoaeaml Principal Way Rtatlous •O:-13»
«3:00p San Joso and Principal W»7 Stations t»:O«»
*."»:3f»p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *N:33a
•C:.lOp Ban Jose ami Way Stations tS:O«U
Hl:i:»r Sail .Ifgeitml Way Stations *?:aop
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
'Daily. t Mumlay exe«ptei'. t Sunday only.
'. Saturday on'y.
•ATncsdin and Fridays c Thursdays and Sundays.
PILITOBNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LBSSBBI
lAI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
COAST 1)1 VIsION (Narrrm (,«»,?).
(Foot of UnrUct Street.)
MADAM ADA. magnetic healer; rheumatism,
neuralgia, face blemishes cured. 1314 How-
ard stroet-
•7:OO\ BenitiU Sutaun, Elmlra. VacaTUle,
. RninseyftnU Kacrncjecto.. ...... *7:43*
•7jOOa Shasta Express— Davis. Willows.
Bed Bluff. Fcrtlacd *7t-«3»
•7i3O a Martinez. 6aa ttnmon, Vallejo. .< »r*.
Callstoga and Hanta Hoca •««!»»
•8:3Oa The Orerland Li.Tittod-Ocdeß. Den-
ter. Omaha. Chicago # 3i13»
••aa> San Jo»«. LiTtrmore, Stockton.
lone. Sacramento. riactnille,
M»rjs»ill.\ Chlco. lte.l Bluff P
•«i:3O* "Milton. Oifcflale au<l »l:l5p
•O:O»\ Haywan's. Nilrs and Vicy Stations. •! 1:13*
•»:OOa Darb, \7codlacd. Koisiits Lacdini,-.
MaxysTllio. OrotiiK - *™ 3*3 *
• 0:00 * Atlantic Impress— Offde" and Eas» »1»:43a
•9:IIOa Martinez, Tncy. Latlircr, Stockton.
Mcrc-ilamltfrcsno »iail3»
•Bioo* Fort Costa, Jiremo. MoJaTO and I.o»
At)~e!r* •fl:l.»p
•IO:»O A Vallrf". Martinez and Way Stations •«: t~»r
•I 1:OO\ lI.3YVMr.Is. Nilcs and Wa7 .SUticna. "2: 13 »
•¦2:00 m Kilos, Liveimorc, Stockton, .Sacra-
nento, Mcndota, llanfor.l, VUalia,
PcncMiilo •lii«»
tl:OOpßaCTami-ntoi:i»crStennirrii f^sOOr
•a-.OOp HaTtrards. Nilcs and Way Stations. •»*IS»
•4:W«r Maitliiez. Man ltamon. Vullejo,
Jiapa, t 'ill i it ok.-i. Kuntn Uosa •O«I3»
••ttOOr i;--nii"U. VacutilV, HacrmiidiHo,
WooUlaml. Knl.lits Landing,
MarjsTllle, Oro»ii:« •lo:i:»4
•4 i3rtp Nilcs. Han .lobo siml Stockton •7:13»
•3:OOpT!)« Otvl Limited— Tracy. Fresno.
BakcrsQcUl. Haii^is fcr Uanta Bar-
bara, I.rs Arscles •1«»j«3a
«3:OOp Sunset Uiritcd— El Paso. New Or-
lescsamt Eajt elOM3*
•3i:iOp Stockton. Mcrceti. Fresuo «I*:l3f
¦3s3np Fiosno, llalteniiclii. Kant* llurliara,
I.os Angclcj, Dcciing. El l'uo,
New Orlcaus and East »9i-I3a
*3>3Op Hatita r» Itoutc — Atlantic Exyress
for Moj:i*n nml K*nt *a«-l."»p
¦8:00r navnards, Niles ami San Josa *7:l-*»
tOi.iOr Vallejo al3<lsra l3<l5r
•»:3<>f Oriental Mall— Osden and East •t»:3Or
l?:OOr Vallejo, l'ork C'oaU an 1 Way feta-
tion*. i9.55p
. *SiO3r Oregon and California i;»i>ret<\Nuo-
ramento. Maryatllln, I'eil.ltng.
roitl»ii.l. T»«ft Sntn.,l m»l Kant 11it. 1 »4
FHUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
a member of Garfleld Post No. 34. G. A. R.
(EJTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday); at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street. Inter-
ment National Cemetery. Presidio.
POPPE— In this city, January 12. 1900, Augusta,
beloved wife of the late Charles L. Poppe, a
native of Germany.
E7 Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 1 o'clock, at her late residence, 926
Shotweil street. Interment orlvate.
SCHILLING— In this city, January 11, 1900,
Adam J. Schilling Jr.. dearly beloved son of
Anna and the late Adam Schilling, and be-
loved brother of George, Joseph. Sophie and
Anna Schilling and Mrs. Bertha Shelley, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 2
months and 13 days. A member of St. Paulus
Society.
KyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral this'day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 4605 Eighteenth street,
near Hattle, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones street, where
services will be held, commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage.
TORRAS— In East Oakland, January 13. 1900,
Kate- A. Torras, widow of the late Vincent
A. Torras. and mtother of Mrs. G. R, Harris
and Ray and Willie Torras. a native of Ire-
land, aged 54 years 5 months and 11 days.
VASSAULT— In this city, at his residence. 2337
Pine street, January 13, 1900, Ferdinand Vas-
sault. beloved husband of Virginia G. M.
Vasßault, and father of Theodora. Virginia,
Ferdinand 'I. and Lawrence S. Vassault, a
native of New York City, aged SO years.
EyFuneral from the chapel of Trinity
Episcopal Church, Bush and Gough streets,
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
WIEBALK —In Alameda. January 11, 1900,
Gretchen, dearly beloved wife of the late
Ernest N. D. Wlebalk. mother of Mrs. F.
Scharnlnghausen, August and Anna Wle-
balk and Mrs. C. Nold. and sister of August
Warnecke, Mrs. J. Plath and Mrs. F. Keil.
a native of Bremervorde. Germany, aged 62
years and 19 days. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers
please copy.)
CyServlces this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock,
at her late residence 1837 San Antonio ave-
nue, corner of Lafayette street. Services and
Interment at Masonio Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco, at S o'clock.
WHELAN— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Catherine Whelan to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, at Star of the Sea
Church, corner of Eighth and Point Lobos
avenues. Friends are invited to attend.
WILLIAMB— In Boston, January 11, 1900, AJex-
ander Williams, dearly beloved brother of
Clarissa W. Patch, the late Emily W. Whal-
ley and the late Robert Williams, a native of
Boston, Mass.. aged 82 years.
WOHN— In this city, January .13, 1900, Au-
gusta, dearly beloved wife of John Wohn,
mother of William. Walter, Erich and Herr-
man Wohn and Mrs. Julia Lefeber. and sis-
ter of Herrman, Thomas and the late Emma
Koch, a native of Neumarkt, Germany, aged
49 years 6 months and 9 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1225 York street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
YOUNGMAN— In this city, January IS, 1900.
Aloyslus, beloved son of George and Maria
Youncman, and brother of Eveline. Made-
leine and George Youngman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 days. ;.' .-.
C 7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. BOS Ninth street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TIMEMAKER
FIGURED IN
A CLOSE FIT
Schorr's Sprinter Downed
Flower of Gold a Nose*
Erwin Beaten by
Anjou.
Fog and a chilling blast wafted In from
the ocean kept many from attending the
sport at Tanforart Park. The fair sex
was well represented in the stand, but the
crowd In the betting ring was light for a
Saturday gathering. Aside from two
events the racing was uninteresting, re
sulting in three favorites earning purses.
Timemaker, the sturdy crack of the
Schorr stable, showed a streak of his real
form when he defeated Flower of Gold
and Sardine In the fifth, a six furlong run.
Throughout the betting Sardine had a
commanding call, the prevailing price laid
being c to 5, while 7 to 2 could be had
about the Schorr entry. Flower of Gold
seemed to be a drug on the market at a
to 2, and she nearly turned the trick. Out
footing Sardine from the very start, the
Rancho del Paso fllly led to within ten
feet of the wire, where Jenkins with one
stroke of his whip landed Timemaker first
by a aose. It was the prettiest piece of
saddle work Jenkins has shown since his
arrival here. The favorite finished a
good third. The winner's time, 1:13,
equaled the track record.
Barney Schrciber's fast filly Sofala
scored her second victory in the two-year
old scramble. Coupled with Kingstell©
the pair closed 9 to 10 choices, with Laura
Marie next in demand. Sofala led from
the Jump, winning easily from Lilly
Diggs. Laura Mane ran third.
The Schreiber colors were again suc
cessful In the mile and a furlong selling
affair which followed, being carried to the
front by Stuttgart. The Belgowan geld
ing started a 4 to 5 favorite, and after
making all the pace disposed of Del Paso
II very cleverly. Whaleback came from
behind, taking the show.
A cheap band of "crabs" lined up In the
third event, a five furlong sprint, with
Monda a 3 to 2 favorite in the ring. Al
bert Baldwin Sr. gave the choice a rub to
the stretch, where he began stopping.
Piggott then came fast with Romany, a
9 to 1 shot, forcing Jenkins to ride Monda
out to win by less than a length. Wild
Het ran into the show.
Eight lined up in the mile run for three
year-olds that started in the San Bruno
Btake and ran unplaced. Tar Hill carried
the coin of the smart ones at odds of 9 to
B, failing utterly to show that he pos
sessed any great amount of class. Erwln
took the lead after a quarter had been
covered and looked to have the race won
at the paddock, when Spencer on Ajijou
collared and led him out a nose. Tar Hill
finished third.
The books laid 3 to 1 that Lomo could
not repeat his win of earlier in the week
over the timber in the concluding num
ber. He did, however, and very easily,
after showing first all the way. Balista,
a 12 to 1 shot, reached the wire half a
length before the favorite, Meddler, for
second place.
trustees— Louis Metzger, L. V. Merle. Jer
emiah Deasy, "W. J. Bryan, Joseph C.
Gorman and Charles Edelman.
Hon. Jumps (;. Maguire addressed the
club last Friday evening, when the an
nlveraary jof the battle of New Orleans
was celebrated. Next Friday evening the
Iroquols Club will debate on the ques
tion of the*proposed abolishment of the
State and municipal tax.
DIED.
Anderson. Mary J. Lombardl, Emll
Bowers. Carl H. Lynch, Sarah
Carrlgan, Mary McKenna, William
Connor. Lawrence Malech. Dr. Gustar
Crontn, Jeremiah Maguire, Thomaji
Desmond. John T. Moore, Caroline L,
Egan, Thomas O'Gara. Michael
Delehanty, Hanora Otto. Herman J.
Erhart, Robert Poppe, Augusta
Frit* (infant) Schilling. Adam J.Jr.
Hamilton, Manfred Torras. Kate A.
Harris. Anne L. Vassault. Ferdinand
Hose, Jennie C. Wiebalk. Gretchen
Johnson. Christine : Whelan. Catherine
Jones. William H. Williams, Alexander
Lewis. Sarah Wohn. Augusta
Livingston, Louis Youngman, Aloyslus
ANDERSON— In this city January 11. 1900,
Mary J., beloved wife of Captain John E. An-
derson, daughter of Mrs. Cooke of Madison.
Ind., mother of TUlle, Arthur, Charles and
Etta Anderson, and sister of Nicholas Cook
of Madison, Ind., and Barbara Feherlnger, a
native of Madison. Ind., aged 42 years 1
month and 8 days.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
st the funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666
Mission street. Mission Masonic Temple.
BOWERS— In this city. January 12, .1900. Carl
H.. beloved husband of Anna C. Bowers, and
father of Charles Bowers, a native of Den-
mark, aged 48 years and 2 months.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of King Solomon's Lodge
No. 260. F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Golden Gate Camp
No. 64, Woodmen of the World, are requested
to attend the funeral of our late neighbor,
Carl H. Bowers, from the Masonic Temple
this day (Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock. By order
of F. P. PHELPS. C. C.
CARRIGAN— In this city. January 13, 1900,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Simon Carrl-
gan, and mother of Mrs. M. Bolan, Mrs. E.
Pray and the late Edw. F. Carrlgan, a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 69
years.
CONNOR— In this city, January 10, 1900, Law-
rence Connor, beloved husband of Mary Con-
nor, and father of Thomas Connor, a native
of County Meath, Ireland, aged E3 years and
8 months. A member of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 14, A. O.*U. W.
K7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1560 Fell street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall. Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Golden Gate Lodce No. 204. I. O. O.
F., commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery,
CRONIN— In San Pablo, Contra Costa County,
January 11. 1900, Jeremiah, beloved son of
Ellen Cronin. and brother of Daniel and
Denis Cronin of San Pablo and Katie Cronin
of Alameda, a native of Clipper Gap, Cal.,
aged 28 years.
DELEHANTY— In this city, January 12. 1900.
Hanora, beloved wife of the late Edmond
Delehanty. late of Rio Vista, and mother of
Joseph, Mary. Annie. Ellen. Edward. Lizzie.
Katie and John Delehanty. a native of County
Cork, Ireland, aged 60 years. (Boston Pilot
plea«e copy.)
{u7"Frlends and acquaintances are respec*.
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her lat« resi-
dence. 402 Sanchez street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DESMOND— In this city, January 18. 1900. John
T. Desmond, a native of San Francisco, aged
2S years.
EGAN— In this city. January 12. 1900, Thomas
Egan, beloved brother of Patrick Egan, a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 63
years.
ICTTh* funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor &. Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ERHART— In the City and County Hospital.
January 13, 1900, Robert Erhart, a native of
Germany, aged 58 years.
FRITZ— In this city. January 12, 1900, Infant
daughter of Antone and Lily Fritz.
HAMILTON— In the City and County Hospital,
January 13, 1900, Manfred George Hamilton,
a native of Oregon, aged 37 years.
HARRIS— In Frultvale, January 11, 1900. Anne
Lawrence Harris, beloved sister of Mrs. O.
S. Calderwood, Mrs. W. P. Thompson of
Fresno, Cal.. and Miss H. A. Harris of Fall
River, Mass., a native of Massachusetts.
(ETTTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral servlcea
this day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at the mor-
tuary chapel of Bessie J. Wood & Co., 1128
Twenty-third avenue. East Oakland. Inter-
ment at Berkley. Mass.
HOSE— In Oakland, January 13. 1900, Jennie
C, beloved wife of Albert C. Hose, a native
of New York, aged 32 years 5 months and 14
days.
JOHNSON— In Prescott. Ariz.. January 12, 1900,
Christine Johnson.
C7"Notlce of. funeral hereafter.
JONES— In this city, January 11. 1900, William
11., dearly beloved husband of Bessie Jones,
a native of Ohio, aged 37 years and 8 months.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 622 Twentieth street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, where services will be conducted un-
der the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
204, I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
LEWIS— In this city, January 12, 1900, Sarah
Lewis, beloved mother of Rose F. Lewis, and
widow of H. M. Lewis (Pioneer), a native of
Australia.
(CTTriends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited* to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1529 Larkin street. Interment pri-
vate.
LIVINGSTON— In this city. January 11, 1900,
Lculs, beloved husband of Eleanor Living-
ston, and brother of Michael' and Luke Liv-
ingston of San Francisco and Abe Livingston,
Mrs. Llchtensteder, Mrs. Kramer and Mrs.
Swartz of New York, a native of New York,
aged E7 years. (New York papers please copy.)
CT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Elks' Hall, cor-
ner Sutter street and Grant avenue, under the
auspices of San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B.
P. O. E. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOMBARDI— In this city. January 11, 1900,
Emll Lombardl. dearly beloved brother of
Sebastian Lombardl and Mrs. Adelina Lom-
bardl, a native of Switzerland, aged 31 years
7 months and 21 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified to attend the funeral thts day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street, near Union, thence to New Italian
Cemetery.
LYNCH— In this city, January 11. 1900, Sarah,
wife of M. C. Lynch, daughter of Mrs.
Thomas Kelly, and sister of Mrs. Martin
Ryan, Mrs. Matt Carroll and Rose, Winifred,
Esther and Frank Kelly, a native of Canada,
azed 34 years. : •. .
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1023 Valencia street, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
McKENNA— In this city, January 12, 1900, at
his residence, 901 Guerrero street, William,
beloved husband of Catharine G. McKenna,
and father of William V., Thomas R., Charles
A. and Mary A. McKenna, a native of Ire-
land, aged 70 years 5 months and 20 days.
CyFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock. Services will be
held at the residence. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from cor-
ner of Twenty-first and Guerrero streets at
prompt 10 o'clock.
MAGUIRE— In this city. January 13, 1900,
Thomas, youngest and dearly beloved son of
John and Annie Maguire, and brother of Rose
and Peter Maguire, a native of San Franclaco,
aged 3 years 1 month and 8 days.
MALECH— At his residence. 521 Van Ness ave-
nue, January 10, 1900, Dr. .Gustav Herman
Malech, beloved father of Dr. Herman F.,
Theodore G. and John George Malech and
Mrs. William F. Clark, a native of Weida.
Sachsen Weimar. Germany, aged 80 years.
(San Jose, Cal., and Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
(E7* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, frcm Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F. Cremated at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
MOORE— In this city, at the residence of her
daughter, 905 Fourteenth street, January 11,
1900, Caroline Leonora Moore (nee Rodgers),
dearly beloved wife of William F. Moore, and
mother of William F. Jr. and Albert Moore.
Mrs. A. E. Walker, Mrs. A. H. Joost and the
late Frank, Estelle, John and Lizzie Moore,
a native of Hessen-Cassel, Germany, aged 63
years 2 months and 27 days. A member of St.
Paulus Frauen Vereln. (Chicago papers
please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter. 905 Fourteenth street, near
Noe, thence to St. Paulus German Evangeli-
cal Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and Gough
streets, where funeral services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O>
O. F Cemetery.
O'GARA— In this city, January 13. 1900, Michael
O'Gara, beloved husband of the late Margaret
O'Gara, father of John, James and Domlnick
O'Gara, and brother of John O'Gara of Gran-
ltevllle. Cal.. Mrs. Margaret Church of Bos-
ton, Mass.. and Mrs. James McKenna, a na-
tive of Sllgo, County Sllgo, Ireland, ased 65
years 4 months and 26 days. (Boston papers
please copy.)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:45 o'clock, from 1427 Post
street, thence to 11 o'clock creek route ferry
to St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
OTTO— In this city, January 13, 1900, Herman
J. Otto, father of Mrs. Ermle Bredehoft, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 54 years. Late
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
*«» CTIt Kit* fAVIFIC <<»TtrA.lT.
(rAcirio atsTBSO
Tralai !«•!•»• wait nr*> tin* *• j»rrlw» •»
NAM rtUHCMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
HLNRV J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 60.
ikavb — Fto* DECEiBza 1& 1303. — Ainm
illlS. I>H. E. I. WILLIAMS elvea electricity
for rheumatism, and ladles' specialists. 1055
Market st.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 313 Third.
THE secretary of the San Franciico Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith rives no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
phan cirls and boys have been admitted to
the Institution from July 1, 1539. to Jan. 1.
1900: Anna M. Clemen*. 10 yrs. 3 mos. ; The-
resa C. Clemens, t> yrs. 1 mo.; Petra M.
Clemens. 2 yrs. i mos.; Margaret Peterson. T
Its. 11 mos. ; Marguerite Kempf, 4 yrs. 3 mos.;
Sarah N. Nicol. It jrs. 10 mos.; Nina E. Mil-
ler. « yrs. 1 mo.; Emily E. Reed. » yrs. 10
rr.os. : Margaret Brojks. 11 yrs. 3 mos. ; Mary
Brooks. 10 yrs. 2 mos.; Ethel Brooks, 6 yrs.
1 mos.: £!bella Bank. S yrs.; Cruz I sura, *
jt*. 4 mos.; Rosol Isura. S yrs. 6 mos.: Vin-
cent Isura, 7 yrs. 7 mos.; Alvln C. Rupky.
11 yrs. 7 mos. ; Carl S. Bonlcke. 8 yrs. 11 mos. ;
Frank Bonlcke, 7 yrs. 6 mos.: John
reterecn. .1 yrs. 11 moe. ; Charles Pet-
erson, ? yrs. 5 mos. ; William Peterson.
2 yrs. 6 mos.; Victor Olsen. 15 yrs.; Myron
A. Pay. S yrs. 11 mos.: Henry E. Day, 7 yrs.
10 nof.; Charles K. Foster, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Lincoln G. Foster. 2 yrs. 10 mos.; George
Kempf. 4 yrs. 3 mos.; William Pau'.l. 10 yrs.
« mos. : Rudolch, 6 yrs. 6 mos. ; George N.
JClecl. 9 yrs. 2 mas.; Walter F. Nicol, 4 yrs.
8 mos.; William J. Riddle. C yrs.; Leslie L.
Riddle, 3 yrs.: Frank Madden, 10 yrs. 3 mos.;
Galen Clark. 14 yrs. S mos.; Percy L. Miller,
7 yrs. 11 mos. : Georee F. Farley, t yrs. 4
rocs. : Percy G. Reed. 4 yrs. 3 mos. ; Julius J.
Lindner, 2 yrs. 3 mos. ; Walter Brooks, 7 yrs.
4 mos. : George Bank, 1 yr. S moa.. «M Wil-
liam X.err. 4 yrs.
MART P. MacCRELLISH
Becy. P. O. Asylum. BC7 Pln« st.
FOR SALE by H. A. PLEITNER,
Frultvale Station, Cal.
$260— Choice lot. 100x150; only 1 block from
electric cars; see this for a bargain.
$650— House of 4 rooms and basement; large
chicken house, good well and pump; lot 60x110;
all fenced: 1100 cash, balance on your own terms.
$750— Qottage of 4 rooms; lot 60x108: barn,
chicken bouses, fruit trees, etc; easy terms If
deMred.
$850— House of 6 rooms; email hothouse, fine
well and force pump, fruit trees, shrubbery,
stable and chicken houses; lot 75x110; all fenced.
*950— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; stationary
tubs: chicken and pigeon houses; 4 blocks from
Twenty-third avenue station.
$1400— For sale In Alameda; 2-etory house of 6
rooms and bath; stable; large lot; 3 blocks from
Park-st. station; fine neighborhood; street worn
and cement walks complete.
$3250— Fine modern cottage of 7 rooms; porce-
lain bath. 2 mantels, hot-air furnace, gas, etc.:
large stable; fruit trees; lot 60x220; located In
the best part of Fruitvale; 1 block from elec-
tric cars.
H. A. PLEITXER, Fruitvale Station, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OH BROADWAY.
OAKLA.M) REAL ESTATE.
f 2250— LOVELY cottage, new and all modem;
fine grounds, etc.: nicely located and sunny;
6 rooms; call and examine. ALDEM CO..
HIS Broadway.
LOOK at new, 2-story. 7-room residence; cor.
lot: Russell and Wheeler sts., Berkeley; sale
or trade. ALDBN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$1500—2 COTTAGES at a bargain: Center sta-
tion; botn for $1500. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broad-
way.
$100 FOR lota on Ftultval* av«nu«; broad gauge
station; big reduction; worth three times the
amount; have been authorized to close them
out at this figure; terms can be arranced to
•ult; big chance for Investment; call early
and take your choice; only 15 left. GEORGE
B. M. GRAY, 454 Ninth St., Oakland.
SPECIAL— I have to offer at a sacrifloe until
February 10 »• few °* the choicest lots In
Frultvale. It will pay you to see these at
once. H. W. DAVIS, agent, room 9, 905
Broadway, Oakland.
•SjlUa Noirailf.C'entertllle.Man Jcno, fc>ltoD,
Boulder Cre ek.baut a Cruz and Way
Stations •3«BO»
t2il3r Newark, Canterrille, San Jrss, New
Almauen. Fcltcn, HouMer Creek.
Santa t'ruz anil Vrindpal Way
Stations fl«i»9*
MilSp Newark. Ban Joiw, Los Gatoa. M»:ao*
611:15? Hnr.rcn' Excursion. Sac Joao and
Wa7 Stations {7.2W»
$350 CASH, balance $28 per month; modern
house: 6 minutes' walk to local; sunny and
new. WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tt ooi SIS NUKCISCO— Fcot «f Htik«t S'.rest(s!:-)8i —
•7:15 0:00 11:0Oa.M. tVC3 •2:33 t3:C3
•4:C3 tS:C3 •B:C3r.»i-
tnv OillißD— Toot «fßr3**w«7.— "fi;Co 8:00 10:00 l.M.
|12: M *1:CO t2:CJ *3:C3 ti:C3 *3:C3f.il.
BARGAIN— S7SO for a four-room cottage, with
basement: lot 33 1-3x100; rent $S1 p«r annum;
convenient to cars, train and proposed ter-
minus of Sante Fe R. R. Apply R. J. MONT-
GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
WANTED—Cottage with one or more acres,
near car line. Alaraeda County. H. WIND-
SON, Frultvale.
$17.000— CHOICE business property; pays 8 per
cent net. Address box 162. Call. Oakland.
J7'.O BUYS 4-room cottage and barn; corner
Thirtieth and Union street; $250 cash; balance
mortgage: house worth the money. L. L. M.
SAL6BURY. 408 Broadway.
CALIFORNIA STANDARD OIL COMPANY,
GIANT OIL COMPANY.
Stock at $1 per share. Sale Limited.
Buy in a Producing Company.
Rooms IS-16, 3d floor. Mills building, San
Francisco.
$4000— FOR 3 houses and lots, each with 5
rooms and bath, with the latest Improve-
ments; strictly up-to-date; Al neighborhood;
street work complete; all conveniences; near
to schools, cars, stores, etc.; permanent ten-
ants; big interest on the money invested:
bank mortgage IJCOO: seeing is believing; call
early. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land.
$50 CASH. $8 50 monthly till paid for; chicken
run. 150x256: sandy loam soil; plenty of good
water; level land: site, climate and soil the
best: po fops or cold winds; 3 buildings now
completed; Westall tract, adjoining East Oak-
land, close to electric car line, 90-foot boule-
x - ard and fine school; price, all told, $390; call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. near
corner Broadway. Oakland; carriage free.
HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
J3ROO BUYS a $CCOO business property on San
Pablo aye.: stores and flats and a large lot.
with private waterworks; mortgage $2500: can
remain; a rare bargain for business prop-
erty; investigate. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland.
THE first-class, old-established business; good
reasons for selling; rare chance. E. E.
BUNCE. 608 Broadway. Oakland.
$€£00— WILL sell quick for $1200; fine corner
residence: lot 45x175: 9 rooms; up to date.
E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and bent In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to ' any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. "5 (25c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company. No. 327 Market St.. tn
and after Saturday, January 20, 1900. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January 13,
1900, at ]2 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 (25 cents per
chare) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St.. on and after Monday,
January 15, 1900. Transfer books will clos«
on Tuesday, January 9, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
•Coupled with Sofala.
Time— H. :13; %. :30%. Good start except Core. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner, B. Schrelber's eh. f., by Balgowan-Sr>ozla.
Sofala the best. Lily Dlggs is fast. Others a poor lot.
OQO SECOND RACE— MiIe and an eighth; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco— At a regular meeting of the
board of directors of this bank, held January
t, 1900. a dividend was declared for the half
year ending December 31. 1899. at the rate of
(even (7) per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 15th inst. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th to the 15th Inst.. both
days Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January *. 1900.
AMERICAN LINE.
VZW YOEK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PA3I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Et Paul Jan. 17|St. Paul Feb. 7
New York Jan. 24lNe* York Feb. 14
St. Louis Jan. 311 St. Louis Feb. 21
RED STAR LINE.
New York, arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Aragonla Jan. 17|Westernland — Feb. 7
Friesland Jan. 24 Kensington Feb. 14
Southwark Jan. 31INoordland Feb. 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcbael. Oawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
Tlme-%, :12; %, :3SJ4: %. l:04K; mile. 1:43; l^m. 1:56%. Good start. Won cleverly.
Second and third drlvlnsr. Winner, B. Schrelber's b. g., by Balgowan-Ohlo Belle.
Stuttgart made all the running. Del Paso was all out. Tirade stooped.
CIO A. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Bert S. McComas. 24. 1533 Taylor street, and
Frankle Field, 18. Oakland.
Michael G. Blelich. 25. 1311 Howard etreet.
and Theresla F. Bollinger, 36, city.
Charley Goodwin, 24, Oakland, and Ida 8.
Weddlnc, 19. city.
Michael J. Casey, 30, Randsburg, and Lizzie
M. Mulllns, 26, city.
Theodore C. Gray. 22. SSB Illinois street, and
May K. Hennlngsen, 20, Cachagua.
Frank Meyer. 30, San Mateo, and Sarah A.
Lamb. 33, 225 Harriet street.
Charley E. Churchman, 28, 266 Tehama. street,
and H. Adelal Harriett, 2S. Santa Rosa.
Thomas Cleone, 35, Buckeye, and Lulgla Flll-
pelll. 23. city.
Joseph Kerfoot. 47, Ferndale. and Tereea Mc-
Cann. 37. Ferndale.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
- ncr of First and Brannan streets. Ip. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. lt
NIPPON MARU Friday, Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, Mar. 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
OO£> FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three- year-olds and upward; purse, J4OO.
fSIPRMH^ **¦ s - Mcana sails via
•H 1 Mil B% Hnn olu!u and Auck-
9 — p>. nesday, Jan. 24, at S
(Offlß3ft9~ Wednesday. Feb. 7.
*^~ WMipwH-q 1900 at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez
England, etc.; 5610 first clasa.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomm
Pier 7. Pool Pacific SL Freight 0tf1c5. 327 Market St
CCMPAQNIE QENERALE TSAN3ATLASTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^1
Sailing every Thursday instead of •<^f v ¥iV
Saturday, from November 2. IS9O at ¦'**?!'
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. La AQUITAINE. Jan. IS: L.A GAS-
COGNE. Jan. 25; LA NORMANDIE. Feb 1:
LA BRETAGNE. Feb. 8. First-class to Havre'
$60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $45; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FORV UNITED STATES AND CANADA 3*
Broadway (Hudson building). New York J
F. FL'GAZJ & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents 5
Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
CAPE NOME.
FOR PASSENGER AND FREIGHT RATES
apply CAPT. W. E. NESBITT. 516 Market.
Time— Vi. :2*H: %. :*SVi: %, 1:1*. Good start. Won nrst three driving. Winner J F
Schorr's b. h., by Imp. Kantaka-Nellle Stanley.
Tlmemaker best ridden at the end. Sardine Is no wonder when she is compelled to ac
cent an even chance." . ,
CQ7 SIXTH RACE— MiIe and an elchth; hurdle; handicap; four-year-olds and UDward
\**m% • • purse, ?400. '
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
~l6ifuTs7NAvn^
Steamer "MontlceMo."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thnrs. and Sat. at 9-43
a. m.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:20 a. m.. &
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S.
FARE roc
L«av» Arrive
•an Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
- October 15,
Week Bun- 1599. Bun- Wee*
Day*. days. Destination days. Day*.
T:3O am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am S:4O am
>:30 pm 9:30 am Petaiuma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm B:0O pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm i.ZZ pm
Fulton.
I :M am Windsor. 10:23 ua
Healdsbur*;,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
¦30 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:53 pm *:23 pa
T:3O am Hop! and and
8:00 am Ukiah. 7:33 pm «:23 pm
f :10 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllls. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm (:23 pm
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. S:»5 pm 1:13 pm
T:Soam 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 13:23 am
»:80 pm S:00 pm 7:SS pm| 1:23 pn*
26
Index. Horse. Weight. St.
%m.
«m.
%m.
Btr.
I IBettln*.
Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
%m.
Btr.
(557) Sofala 10S 2
657 Lily Dlpks 108 1
657 Laura Marie 108 5
... Opal Stone 10S 3
CS7 MoonbrlKht 103 6
... Klngstelle .... 10S 4
... Ullagon 108 8
... Lily Simpson 108 7
... Core 103 Left
1 2
2 2
3 3
* M
6 2
5*4
8
71
1 2 Bullmaa 7-8 9-10
2 2 T. Walsh 5 8
8 5 Jenkins 4 6
4 >/4 Basslnger 10 20
6 H H. Stuart 20 60
6 1 Phelan • •
7 2 Morgan 8 '15
8 Spencer B, 12
..." Thorp* «;t.« ;t . 8
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt.
«m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Dettlnff.
Op. Cl.
693 Stuttgart, 4 104 3
(602) Del Paso, a 122 5
600 Whaleback, 4 114 4
(600) Tirade, 4 117 3
€06 Faversham. 4 117 1
600 Inverary 11. 5 103 6
1 2
3 h
6
2 n
6 h
4 a
1 2
6 2
6
22
3 h
4 h
12 12
6 4 2
6h 2 h
2 1 3 >4
3h 6 6
4 h 6
1 1M Bullman
2 2 Spencer
3 n Thorpe
4 2 Plggott
6 6 Ruiz
6 /)Helngon
1 9-10
6 6
6 10
••-• 4 6
6 12
20 16
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Urn.
%m.
%m.
Str.
I Betting.
Op. Ci.
Fin.
Jockeys.
BSO Monda 4 113 3 ... 2n In
ESO Romany, 4 ;113 6 ... 6 h S h
(804) Wild Het. 6 115 3 ... 8 1 4 M
(656) A. Baldwin Sr., 4. .113 1 ... 11 2 IV4
ESO Anttoch. 4 113 6 ... 8 7 2
498 C. 11. Har"sn Jr., 4.113 7 ... 6 h 5 1
334 Lona Marie. 5 115 4 ... JJ 8
... The Last. 5... 115 8 ... 4h 6h
12 11 Jenkins 8-5 3-3
5 H in Plrgott 8 . 9
4 2 3 ns N. Hill 6 12
2 2 4 2 B. Jonea 3 11-5
6 3 6 2 Spencer 10 10
6h 6 1H Thorpe . 8.-.IJ
7 5 7 8 Glover 60 CO
8 8 Ruiz .......... 10 2J
ndex. Horse. Weight. St.
Weight
%m.
Urn.
Mm
%m.
l. %m. Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Qp.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Qp. Cl.
Cl!
Index.
Horse.
613 Anjou 115 2
613 Erwln 110 3
Cl 3 Tar Hi 11... 109 6
613 Bogus Bill 109 8
613 Bathos 113 ?
613 Ram r>annenbaum.. 92 6
613 Hindoo Princess 100 7
613 Sunello 100 1
12
4 h
B h
7 *4
2 h
3 1
8
6 1
7 1
1 H
2 tt
B tt
4 1
3 h
6 1
8
6 2 4 1 Ins Spencer a
', I*4 I*4 ¦ 2 2 Jenkins 9-5
1 3 2 8 V 4 8 1% Thorpe 9-5
1 2 1 Jh' 4 3 Vlttltoe 20
B h 6 3 6 5 Ruiz 8
4 1 6 1 6 2 TV Walsh 30
7 6 7 3 7 6 J. Martfh 20
8 8 8 N. Hill 30
4
< S
9-5
30
13
40
30
60
Index. Horse. Age. WelffhtlSt.
«m.
Hm. ;
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
ißettlne.
pp. Cl.
608 Tlmemaker, 6........U5 5
(546) Flower of Gold, 3... 92 3
(571) Sardine, 3............ 92 1
' 60r Ollnthus, 4 1W 2
650 Gusto. 3 97 4
6
12H
Z 1
41
2 h
8 h
11
2 IK
4 3
6
3 hi
1 n
21
4 10
5
1 ns Jenkins ....... 7-2 lg-s
2 1 T. Walsh 2 5-2
3 1 J. Martin ft-5 6-5
415 E. Jones 10 9
5 IBagslnger IQQ 130
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
%m.
Km.
«im.
Str.
Fin.
I
Jockeys;
I Betting,
pp. ci.
(GO5) liomo, 8 ....130 4
600 Ballr.ta. 4.... ;.130 6
SSO Meddler, a ......135 1
COS University, a.. ......135 2
153 J O C, a 127 5
605 Una Colorado, a.. ..125 7
621 Sardonic, 5 ..127 3
34
4 2
1 1
2 1
5 10
c
Fell
1 5
4 2
8 i
2*2
6
6 40
8 6
2 hi
6 30
6
4 1
12.
3 2
2 Vt
<4 60
E
Fell
13 D. Henry 3 3
2VS Lenhart 8 12
8 4 Glover 3-2 2
4 100 Galbralth ..... 3 4
5 Moody ]0 15
J. Sullivan.... 15 20
Lavert 3 4
Index. Horse. Age. WelffhtlSt.
«m.
Hm. ;
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
ißettlne.
pp. Cl.
608 Tlmemaker, 6........U5 5
(546) Flower of Gold, 3... 92 3
(571) Sardine, 3............ 92 1
' 60r Ollnthus, 4 1W 2
650 Gusto. 3 97 4
6
12H
Z 1
41
2 h
8 h
11
2 IK
4 3
6
3 hi
1 n
21
4 10
5
1 ns Jenkins ....... 7-2 lg-s
2 1 T. Walsh 2 5-2
3 1 J. Martin ft-5 6-5
415 E. Jones 10 9
5 IBagslnger IQQ 130
ndex. Horse. Weight. St.
Weight
%m.
Urn.
Mm
%m.
l. %m. Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Qp.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Qp. Cl.
Cl!
Index.
Horse.
613 Anjou 115 2
613 Erwln 110 3
Cl 3 Tar Hi 11... 109 6
613 Bogus Bill 109 8
613 Bathos 113 ?
613 Ram r>annenbaum.. 92 6
613 Hindoo Princess 100 7
613 Sunello 100 1
12
4 h
B h
7 *4
2 h
3 1
8
6 1
7 1
1 H
2 tt
B tt
4 1
3 h
6 1
8
6 2 4 1 Ins Spencer a
', I*4 I*4 ¦ 2 2 Jenkins 9-5
1 3 2 8 V 4 8 1% Thorpe 9-5
1 2 1 Jh' 4 3 Vlttltoe 20
B h 6 3 6 5 Ruiz 8
4 1 6 1 6 2 TV Walsh 30
7 6 7 3 7 6 J. Martfh 20
8 8 8 N. Hill 30
4
< S
9-5
30
13
40
30
60
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Urn.
%m.
%m.
Str.
I Betting.
Op. Ci.
Fin.
Jockeys.
BSO Monda 4 113 3 ... 2n In
ESO Romany, 4 ;113 6 ... 6 h S h
(804) Wild Het. 6 115 3 ... 8 1 4 M
(656) A. Baldwin Sr., 4. .113 1 ... 11 2 IV4
ESO Anttoch. 4 113 6 ... 8 7 2
498 C. 11. Har"sn Jr., 4.113 7 ... 6 h 5 1
334 Lona Marie. 5 115 4 ... JJ 8
... The Last. 5... 115 8 ... 4h 6h
12 11 Jenkins 8-5 3-3
5 H in Plrgott 8 . 9
4 2 3 ns N. Hill 6 12
2 2 4 2 B. Jonea 3 11-5
6 3 6 2 Spencer 10 10
6h 6 1H Thorpe . 8.-.IJ
7 5 7 8 Glover 60 CO
8 8 Ruiz .......... 10 2J
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt.
«m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Dettlnff.
Op. Cl.
693 Stuttgart, 4 104 3
(602) Del Paso, a 122 5
600 Whaleback, 4 114 4
(600) Tirade, 4 117 3
€06 Faversham. 4 117 1
600 Inverary 11. 5 103 6
1 2
3 h
6
2 n
6 h
4 a
1 2
6 2
6
22
3 h
4 h
12 12
6 4 2
6h 2 h
2 1 3 >4
3h 6 6
4 h 6
1 1M Bullman
2 2 Spencer
3 n Thorpe
4 2 Plggott
6 6 Ruiz
6 /)Helngon
1 9-10
6 6
6 10
••-• 4 6
6 12
20 16
Index. Horse. Weight. St.
%m.
«m.
%m.
Btr.
I IBettln*.
Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
%m.
Btr.
(557) Sofala 10S 2
657 Lily Dlpks 108 1
657 Laura Marie 108 5
... Opal Stone 10S 3
CS7 MoonbrlKht 103 6
... Klngstelle .... 10S 4
... Ullagon 108 8
... Lily Simpson 108 7
... Core 103 Left
1 2
2 2
3 3
* M
6 2
5*4
8
71
1 2 Bullmaa 7-8 9-10
2 2 T. Walsh 5 8
8 5 Jenkins 4 6
4 >/4 Basslnger 10 20
6 H H. Stuart 20 60
6 1 Phelan • •
7 2 Morgan 8 '15
8 Spencer B, 12
..." Thorp* «;t.« ;t . 8
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
%m.
Km.
«im.
Str.
Fin.
I
Jockeys;
I Betting,
pp. ci.
(GO5) liomo, 8 ....130 4
600 Ballr.ta. 4.... ;.130 6
SSO Meddler, a ......135 1
COS University, a.. ......135 2
153 J O C, a 127 5
605 Una Colorado, a.. ..125 7
621 Sardonic, 5 ..127 3
34
4 2
1 1
2 1
5 10
c
Fell
1 5
4 2
8 i
2*2
6
6 40
8 6
2 hi
6 30
6
4 1
12.
3 2
2 Vt
<4 60
E
Fell
13 D. Henry 3 3
2VS Lenhart 8 12
8 4 Glover 3-2 2
4 100 Galbralth ..... 3 4
5 Moody ]0 15
J. Sullivan.... 15 20
Lavert 3 4CHICAGO, Jan. It.— The wheat market, like
the fat boy of Pickwickian fame, took naps
on every possible occasion to-day. The feeling
was generally bearish, but trade was so small
that nothing of any account resulted from the
sentiment. Scalpers, when anything was done,
were the ones who did it. May opened a ehade
up at 67%@67%c because Liverpool showed Ho
advance. Following this May eased off to
67%®67*>4c. Light primary receipts and fair
clearances together with some miscellaneous
reports of damages by Insects furnished suf
ficient support to carry the market up a bit.
May touching 67%®67%c. Those who could
took small profits at this point and the market
eased off again. The close was barely steady.
May Vie over yesterday at 67*io.
As offerings from first hands were no larger
and the weather not favorable for the move
ment the corn market remained firm but quiet
and handled mostly by scalpers. May closed
a shade over yesterday at 53%@53%0.
Oats were steady and featureless. May closed
unchanged at 24c.
The provision market ruled firm at a trifle
under yesterday's prices. Trade was moder
ately brisk at times but generally dull. May
pork closed 2V&QSc under yesterday, at $110
11 02H- May lard unchanged at 16 07H, and
May ribs 2ViC lower at 15 S2ft.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— The strictly profes
sional limit of trading on tha Stock Exchange
irt; well Illustrated by the almost complete
obliteration of the morning's advices In the
movement to take profits after the appearance
of the back statement. This exhibit was In
Itself a favorable one, aa were all the other
Incidents of the day and It conformed closely
to the preliminary estimates on which . the
buying had been based. The activity In
Sugar certiSca.tes continued, the price ris
ing an extreme three points against the
charts, whose covering demand helped on
the advance. The bears Quickly detected the
realizing after the back statement and forced
Eugar down 4% points. Brooklyn Transit and
Tobacco showed clom sympathy and some
otber specialties lost a point or over. A de
cline of 1% in New York Central showed come
special pressure against that stock. Otherwise
gains had been fractional and the reaction did
not exceed thea. There was some selling for
London account aa prices rose above the Lon
don parity. A fractional rally la London dis
count rates and a Jump of 3 pfennigs In the
cterling exchaafe rate at Berlin were without
ext>larifctloa. The bank statement fully ac
counts for the Increased disposition of New
York backers to place time loans at present
rates and their reappearance as buyers of
commercial jjaper. The decline In money rates
i» also bringlr^g renewed demand for railroad
bonds from some of the great insurance com
panies, borne heavy individual transactions in
bonds are recorded. The central tact in the
situation In the etock market is that the buy-
Izig deroand is listless and narrow and without
stimulation by «uny favorable developments in
the Immediate outlook. Even the investment
tuying has almost ceased, either because prices
are above an attractive level or because the
available funds from dividend or Interest dis
bursements have found investment. Invest
ment buying does not In itself serve to ad
vance prices greatly, but It has a large sentl
xaeixiaJ effect as It insures the constant diminu
tion on the floating eupply of stocks held
merely for an advance in price. The market
fcas suffered from the demoralization In special
stocks In addition to the withdrawal of the
Influence or Investment buying. There has
t**n besides selling for London account, which
«as only <Uecontlcued wben the reduction In
the discount rates of the banks of England,
J-'rance and Germany gave confidence in tne
reality of the relaxation in money rates. The
volume of foreign selling was not large aad
would have been easily absorbed In an ordinary
movement for on advance, but as the fore:gn
celling grew out of the needs of the London
mo&ey market and served to increase the pres
sure for gold In New York there was no dis
position to bold up prices to afford a market
Xcr London tellers to make profits. Notwith
standing the «na!l demand for stocks the eup
p:>- was scarce and railroad stocks have re
iponded quickly all week to any sort of buy
ing derr.a&d. The market gives evidence of
liquidation of speculative holdings of stocks.
fetaten-.ents of the New York clearing-house
barms a* well a» thoee of the great foreign
bbtiks show that speculators the world over
have been telling their holdings, paying off
loans and withdrawing from the Held. Many
commission houses and brokerage offlces In
Vail street which found busy occupation all
of last year have '•eased to Invite custom
penCing th«- development of aew factors in the
outlook. This closing out of accounts, now
safely attained, has involved some heavy losses
and no Email bitterness of fplrlt, which Is re-,
fleeted in the ditcuiwslon by brokers of Indus
trial commissions and their flotations in a
spirit far from complimentary.
This feeling was deepened by the strong of
ficial intimation at the stockholders* annual
meeting of the American Sugar Kenning Com
pany that the business was not profitable in
the present sense cf new competition and that
fiivaends would probably be reduced or sus
pended during the coming year, Professional
operators thereupon fell tooth and nail upon
tee .-jir.tr certificates, as well as other Indus
trial stocks,, and sold them by the thousand
fchfcres.
The railroad list did not escape entirely, but
was much lets affected. The low price of the
dividend-paying Industrials, bringing the rate
of return in coroe cases up to t per cent or over,
reflects the rating of the risk in holding tbe*e
nyn v .s. The beginning of dividends on the
common slock* has failed to elicit any
advance in price, and the preferred stocks
cf the came companies have shown a tend
ency In such cases to decline, as having
the safety cf their dividends impaired. There
U an element In Wall ttreet who preach the
coctrine that the country has reached the erect
cf prosperity.
They cite m evidence of this the marked dimi
nution of the grain and cotton movements,
compared with laat year, and point to the com
paratively email increases In gross earnings
cf railroads. While these show last year's
earnings well maintained, last year's prosper
ity hum already been reflected In prices, and
/.U ; <r prices depend on increased prosperity
rather then en the maintenance of. the present
level. High prices of commodities are likely to
curtail the demand. Advances in railroad rates
now being enforced lead to falling off In the
volume .cf t raffle. Increased cost of material
makee encroachment on net earnings by en
hancing the cost of operation. Such are some
«X the reasons assigned by capitalists and op-
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Barrier.
Don© with the folly of life—
With Its cares and tears ana strlr».
But sad that the dead man cannot know
"Who weeps for the heart In tha dust be
low;
For he parted from one In arsrer that day.
When he went the Dark Annl'i way.
Now «he aeeks In sorrow the shadowed
spot
Crying: '"Come back!" But he answers
not.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— FLOUR— Receipts
18,276 barrels exports, 15,223 barrels; quiet and
steady. Winter patents, $3 6003 75; winter
straits. $8 4003 45; winter extras, $3 6502 80
winter low grades $2 2502 40; Minnesota pat
ents, $3 8004 05; Minnesota bakers $2 8563 10
,, W ,5 EAT 7? ecelptB ' *°' m bu » hei »; exportsi
126,208 bushels; spot market, steady. No. i
red, 75% c f. o. b. afloat prompt; No. 2 red,
75% c elevator. Options opened steady and un
changed on cable news, but after a slight rise
as a result of covering on bullish crop reports
from Indiana and Missouri, eased off a little
under realizing. The market was finally steady
at unchanged prices. March, 75 8-16(S75Ue
closed 75% c; May. 73%@73 15-160. closed 73Tic*
July, closed 73Hc. '
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice 1896
crop, 6c; 1898 crop, 7®9c; 1899 crop, 12®14 C -
Pacific Coast 1696 crop, 4g6c; 1893 crop 7®9c :
1889 crop, 12014 c. v> ,*
HIDES— Firm; California. II to 25 pounds.
21% c. — ~-t
WOOL— Dull; domestlo fleece, 21026 c Texas.
14g17c. ¦ v- r - '
COFFEE— The market for coffee futures
opened steady at 6 points advance; closed firm
lt©2s points net higher. Total sales 27 250
bags. Including: January, 16 85: March. SO 85®
7 05; April $6 95; May. $7@7 20; July. $7 10©
7 15; September. $7 2007 25; November. $7 30^
December, $7 35@7 45. Spot coffee— Rio, strong
and held higher: No. 7 invoice. 8e; No. 7 Job
bing- B%c. Mild— Strong. Cordova— SUOiJUo.
SUGAR— Raw strong; no sellers at quota
tions. Fair refining, 3?io bid; centrifugal 98
test, 4 5-16 c bid: molasses sugar, 3Ho bid
Refined, firm and tending upward. Mold a'
6.30 c; standard A. 4.85 c; confectioners' A, 4 860'
cut loaf, 6.45 c; crushed, 6.45 c; powdered 6.15 c'
granulated, 6.05 c; cubes, 5.20 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3323 packages; June
creamery, 22'§26c; Western creamery, 23©270:
factory, 17022 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4496 packages; market
steady. Western, 20e, loss off; Western un
graded at mark, 14017 c.
DRIED FRUJTO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— Evaporated apples
were quiet and steady at unchanged prices
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common.
6©6% c; prime. 6%®7%c; choice, 7%08o; fancy
B%®9c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— B%©Bo per
pound aa to slse and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 18@15e; Moorpark. 16®18e
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20023 c; unpeeied, 7%0100*
New York Grain and Produce.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange^ sight — 12%
New York Exchange, teiegraphlo — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69
Mexican Dollars — 4«%
Wheat and Other Grains.
•WHEAT— The Invernelll takes for Cork 53,049
ctls, valued at $52,400; the Buteshire, for Cork,
66,821 ctls. valued at $66,820.
The market is dull at unchanged prices.
Liverpool was %d hleher, and stocks were
firm. There wbj a rumor that Ladysmlth had
been relieved, but It produced little It nay ef
fect. Broomhall estimated an Argentine surplus
of (4,000,000 bushels. Chicag-o was quiet and
Spot "Wheat— Shipping:. MUCSTHo; milling-, $1
ci 01)4.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— May— 2o,ooo ctla,
$1 01%: 4000. $1 01%.
Second Session— May— l6,ooo ctls, $1 01%; 4000,
$101%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 01K.
BARLEY— There is nothing new to report, the
market being dulL
Feed, 72%075c for No. 1 and 609700 for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 8O087%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo • ctla,
70%e.
OATS— The feeling Is steady, but the demand
is poor. White, $1 1001 SO; Red. $1 07%01 80;
Gray. $1 07%©l 17%: Blaok. 97%c05l 07%.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 95c©
$1 02% per ctl and Eastern Yellow at 31 OS©
1 lO[_mlxed. 97%c®$l 02%.
RYE— $lOl 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 76,
usual terms; bakers' extras, 83 4003 60; Oregon
an* Washington. $3 4003 60 per bbl for extra,
$3 25®3 40 for bakers' and $2 2503 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 IS per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye Meal
$2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; Oat
Groats, $4 E0; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4(54 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 60: Whole Wheat Flour, J3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $607 25: In sacks, $5 7507; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 60 per
ICO lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran has been advanced 60c Hay la weak,
recent arrivals having been too heavy.
BRAN— SI3OI4 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7O2O per ton,
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, 814017 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027: Jobbing, $27 60
©28; Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Cornmeal. $23@24r
Cracked Corn, $23 60024 60; Mixed Feed, $15 60;
Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Whes)t, $7 60®8 50 for common to good
and $9(39 60 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $703:
Oat. IS COS 8; Barley. $508 60; Alfalfa, $508 per
ton; Compressed. $7010 per ten.
BTRAW— 2SO6Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are firmly held at the established ad
vance.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 MOS 60; email White, $2 90
S3- large White, $3 6003 65; Pinks, $202 70;
eds. $3 2503 60; Blaokeye, $4 2504 60; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $4 9506 10; Pea, $303 25; Red
Kidneys, $404 25.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 803% c; Yellow Mus
tard, 4®4%c; Flax, $2 13% ; Canary, B%c per lb
for California and 4o for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7©Be;
Rape. 2%®3c: Hemp, 4@4%c; Timothy, 4©4%0.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1600190; Green, $1,6
02 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Though Potatoes are no lower they are weak,
aa 14,000 Backs are expected from Oregon to
morrow. Onions are unchanged.
Vegetables are firm, but not very active,
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85095 c; River Reds,
Cs@76c; But banks, 60090 c per sack; Salinas Bur
banks, $l@l 26; Oregon Burbanks, 9Ocosl 80;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 6001 65 fur Merced.
ONIONS— SI CO®l 65 per ctl. for all kinds,
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2®>4o per lb;
String Beans, C©Tc: Cabbage, 40@SOc; Los An
geles Tomatoes. 75c<8'$l 60; Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, 10@15o: Dried Okra, 12% c per lb;
Garlic. 6%®6%c; Green Peppers from Los Ange
les, ESCo; Dried Peppers, 8@10o; Carrots, 80<9
400 Der sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, 60c
©$1 per box; Marrowfat Squash, $lO©l2 per ton
Poultry and Game.
Receipts from the East, as far as announced,
are likely to be smaller this week, as only two
cam are announced for to-morrow.
. Dressed Turkeys closed the week cheap and
demoralized, there being too many on the mar
ket.
Game was easy but not materially lower
Supplies were liberal.
POULTRY— Live "Turkeys. 13%0 for Gobblers
and 12%0 for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, lo
Ql4c; Geese, per pair, 81 76@3j Goslings, $1 75
&2; Ducks. $4®5 ' for old and $4'ai for young-
Hens, $4S»; Young Roosters, $4 50@5; Old
Roosters, $4@4 60: Fryers, $4 60@5; Broilers $4
Q4 B0 for large and $3@3 50 for small ; Pigeons
$1 25 !§ 1 60 per dozen for old and $2 50@3 for
squabs. •
GAME— Quail, $1 2501 50; Mallard, $405 60;
Canvasback, $4J?5 60; Sprig, $3 60(04 60; Teal.
$2 50@3; Widgeon, <$2@3; Small Duck. $1 76®2;
Doves, 75c per dozen; Hare, $1 25@1 50; Rab-
bits, $1 75®?; Gray Geese, $404 60; White. 81 60:
Brant, $1 7503; Honkers, IS; English Snipe, U
per dozen:" Jack Snipe, $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
•i?r'd '"¦-. ¦ .
Egga were off again, with buyers holding back
and arrivals accumulating. . Butter was also
weak and plentiful, though there was no parti
cular decline. Cheese was unchanged.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 250265; seconds,
13014 a;
Dairy— Fancy Ho: good to choice, 19020 c;
common. 13Q17%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 12c; old, ll%c;
Young America, 12%@13c; Eastern, 15%Wiac;
Western.- 13%@15c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 213240 for store and 25S 1 2?o
per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age, is®22o for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh.
20@22%c
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The first Orange auction will be held to-mor
row. The market Is now slenderly supplied.
Other fruits remain quiet and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3s(s ssc per box for common, 75c® 11
for good, $1 25®1 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries, 3407; Coos
Bay Cranberries. $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Orangea, $1 75@2 60
per box: Seedlings, Doe'rtjl; Japanese Man
darins, $1 60; ' Pomelos, $1<&3: Lemons. $I®l 50
for common and $2^3 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4 EWja; California Limes, 25®S5c;
Bananas, $1 6004 per bunch; Pineapples, $3 W&
4 per dozen. -. • ; ¦'.'.¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks. 4%0 for
40-50' s. 4&4%0 for 60-60*8, 3%0 for 60-70's, 3%c
for 70-80' s, 80 for 80-90' s and 2%c for 90-100' a.
Apricots, 11013 c for Royals, 12%f}160 for Moor
parks and 12QUc for Blenheims; Peaches. 6V»9
6c for Standards, 6%@6%0 for choice and 7@Bo
for fancy; peeled Peaches, 12%@15c; Evaporated
Apples, 6%<@7%0: Sun-dried, 6&6%0 per lb; Nec
tarines, 8@9o; Pears, 6®7%0 for quarters and
seiOc for halves; Black Figs, 2%®3%c; White
Figs, 4@sc; Bleached Plums, B@9c; Unbleached
Plums, 7@7%e for pitted and l%c for unpltted.
¦ RAISINS— Bleached. Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 60. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, B%c: choice, 7%e; standard, 6%e;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6%c;
3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. . $1 50 per box; 8-crown. $160. Fancy
Clusters. 82: Dehesa, $2 60; ImDertal. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California. .
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@10c; Walnuts. 809 c for
standards and 9QIOo for soft shell; Almonds,
11%512c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4®
5o for hard shell; Peanuts, 6%@6%0 for Eastern
and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Bc; Fil
berts, 12® 12 Vie; Pecans, 11913 c; Cocoanuts,
$4 60@5.
HONEY— Comb, 11%@12e for bright and 10% 3
lie for light amber: water white extracted, Sc;
light amber extracted. 7%®7%0; dark. 6%CSa
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26o per lb.
Provisions.
The Western markets continue firm, and the
feeling here is strong In sympathy. Cottolene
Is marked up.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%0 per lb for
heavy, 100 for light medium. Ho for light.
12c for extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern • sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl;
extra Mess. $13; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork.
$14 60; extra clear, $17 50; Mess, $18 50; smoked
Beef, 14@14%c per lb. \
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%®70 per lb for
compound and 80 for pure; half-barrels, pure,
Stfc; 10-lb tins. B%c; 6-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7%®7%0 per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head remain quiet
and unchanged. Hides have recently declined
In the East, where they are quoted dull. Wool
is aleo quiet and Hops are neglected.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, ll%c: medium, lie: light. 10% c; Cow
hides, lie; Stags. 7%c; Salted .Kip, 10% c; Calf,
lie: Dry Hides, sound. 18®«%c: culls and
brands. 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 17c; Dry Calf,
20c; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20®33c each; short
Wool, 85®600 each; medium, 70©9uc; long Wool
$I@l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, 12 25®2 75 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. 3.
4®4V4c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2%0.
wool— •¦;¦- •-.<¦¦ , . .
Fall clip, San Joaquin plains. 9@10o; South
ern 8® 10c: Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 18® 17c; Eastern Oregon. 13516 c;
Valley Oregon. 18320o; Northern Mountain,
rree, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective, 109
lie per lb.
HOPS-6@30 per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7®7%c per lb for Steers and 6%©To for
Cows.
VEAL— B©IOo per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%CBcj ewes, 7©7%0 per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 16c; yearlings. 3530 per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%c for small. 4%<j tor
medium and 6%©5%0 for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 8%®5%0; dressed Hogs, 7©8%0.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7©7% c; Wool
Bags. 28@S0c. - . -
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seat
tle, V; Bryant. »7: Coos Bay, 15 60; Wallsend,
18; Co-operative Wallsend, 13; Scotch, ;
Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $1160 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 313; Cannel, til
per ton; Coke, 315 per ton In bulk and $17 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash. In 100-lb bags;
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered. 5940; Candy Granulated, 6c; Dry Gran
ulated, 4%c: Confectioners' A, 4%c; California
A. : Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4%c; Golden
C, 4%c; barrels, I-160 more; half-barrels, Vie
more; boxes. %c more; 60-lb bag*. %c more.
No orders taken for lees than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 6%c; boxes,
6T»c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, JANUARY 23.
Flour, qr sks 86,763 Middlings, ska 955
Wheat, ctte 7,930 Sugar, bbls ...'... ID2
Barley, ctls 67,633 Subar, bbls... 192
Oats, ctls 450 Lime, bbls 91
Corn East, ctls.... 600 Wine, gallons 47.500
Rye, ctls 600 Leather, rolls 166
Cheese, ctls 23 ! Wool, bags 10
Butter, ct15........ IE6 Straw, tons „. U
Tallow, ctls 258 Hay, tons 423
Beans, sks 232 Eggs, dozen 4,800
Potatoes, ska 3,390 Quicksilver, flasks 25
Onions, Bka. 16 Hides, No 67)
Bran, ska 105 Pelts, bdla 132
eratora In securities for their disinclination to
put money into stocks at present. They prefer
to await developments. The Increased cost of
operation is particularly noticeable in the case
of some of the high-priced railroad stocks,
which maintained their dividends through the
period of depression by economy of operations.
On the other hand, some of the railroads which
have pnseed through bankruptcy and reorgan
izing *how the effect of the large outlay of
funds acquired In reorganization, tor permanent
betterments and improved equipment during the
period of low prices for material. In the pres
ent reduction of operating expenses, to the ad
vantage cf net earnings.
The market for bonds has been small, but
prices were well maintained. United States
new 4s registered declined % In the bid price,
and United States new coupon Bs, old 4s and 6s
declined %.
NETV YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Bid
1.000 Atchlson ij*i
6,165 Atchlson prefd 604
8.875 Baltimore A Ohio 68%
400 Canadian Pacific S3
Canada Southern 43
8,000 Chesapeake & Ohio 29«4
€00 Chicago Great Western 12
7,250 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 121%
450 Chicago Ind A Louisville 15
Chicago Ind A Louisville prefd 47
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 82
400 Chicago & Northwestern 160%
8.2i0 Chicago Rock Island & Paciflo 106
SOO C C C & St Louis 60%
1.000 Colorado Southern 6H
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 41Vj
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 14%
200 Delaware & Hudson ...115
400 Delaware Lacka wanna A Western.. l 76
T2B Denver & Rio Grade l"%
SJO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 68%
Erie U '
200 Erie Ist prefd 32%
600 Great Northern prefd 168
Hocking Coal 15
Hocking Valley 81
Illinois Central 112
Icwa Central 13
- lowa Central prefd 49%
Kansas City Plttsburg A Gulf 7V
Lake Erie A Western 23%
Lake Erie A Western prefd 63
Lake Shore 15?
2,080 Louievllle & Nashville 80%
8.420 Manhattan Elevated 93%
8,260 Metropolitan Street Railway 165V4
100 Mexican Central lli;
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 55%
Minneapolis A St Louis prefd 90%
3,400 Missouri Paclflo 40%
100 Mobile A Ohio 40
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
200 Mifsourl Kansas A Texas prefd 82%
2f>o New Jersey Central 116
4.833 New York Central 133%
1.615 Norfolk A Western 24
730 Norfolk & Western prefd .......... 63
3,270 Northern Pacific 61%
760 Northern Pacific prefd 78%
448 Ontario A Western 21%
m Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway A Kav prefd 76
1.139 Pennsylvania 12S>4
200 Reading 17*4
1.400 Reading Ist prefd 60%
Reading 2d prefd 26%
Rio Grande Western 86%
Rio Grande Western prefd 80
100 St Louis A San Fran 9<4
100 St Louis A San Fran Ist prefd 68
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 82%
100 Et Louis Southwestern 10%
700 Et Louis Southwestern prefd 25Vi
8,«?0 St Paul 117%
St Paul prefd 170
St Paul A Omaha - H5
6.530 Southern Pactfio 87H
1400 Southern Railway 11H
TOO Southern Railway prefd Si
1.000 Texas A Paclflo ..., 15%
9.225 Union Pacific 46%
1985 I'nlon Pacific prefd 74%
Wabash 7%
800 Wabash prefd 20%
200 Wheeling A Lake Erie 9%
SOO Wheeling A Lake Erie prefd 27
100 Wisconsin Central _ 18
Express Companies —
Adams „....- 112
American 142
United States 45
Wells Fanro 120
Miscellaneous —
600 American Cotton Oil 83%
American Cotton Oil prefd S2
American Malting 6%
American Malting prefd 28
1264 Am Smelting & Refining 37
200 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 57%
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 41
American Steel Hoop prefd 81
9,450 American Steel & Wire 47%
ISO American Steel & Wire prefd 90
ICSO American Tin Plate 80%
American Tin Plate prefd 81
15,845 American Tobacco „... 99%
American Tobacco prefd 135
110 Anaconda Mining Co 3914
J1.155 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 68H
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 43%
3.559 CVntlru r.tal Tobacco 32%
£00 Continental Tobacco prefd 84%
7.J&5 Federal Steel tl
C 25 Federal Steel prefd 72%
200 General Electric 123
JlO Glucose Sugar 60%
Glucose Sugar prefd 97
400 International Paper 23%
International Paper prefd 66%
200 Lacle«!e Gas 75%
260 National Biscuit 3$
National Biscuit prefd 89
800 National Lead 2G%
IS9 National Lead prefd 105
450 National Steel 41%
National Steel prefd 92
200 New York Air Brake 135
800 North American 14
100 Pacific Coast 60%
Pacific Coast l«t prefd 83
Paclflo Coast 2d prefd .—... 64
1.450 Pacific Mall 43%
B,eS3 People's Gas 1O3^»
tGO Pressed Steel Car 67%
Pressed Steel Car prefd £5
Pullman Palace Car 187
Standard Rope A Twine 9%
CtTEO Sugar 116
Sugar prefd m
I*oo Tennessee Coal A Iron _. (4U
8.975 United States Leather igu
C2S United States Leather prefd 74%
240 United States Rubber 41%
United States Rubber prefd 103>4
100 Western Union g7
825 Republic Iron A Steel 20%
Republic Iron A Steel prefd 65U
P C C A St Louis 7j2
244.C00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 102%!
do 3s 109%!
do coup 110
do new 4s reg.... 133*4
do coup 133%
do old 4s reg.. ..113*4
do coup 114%
do 6s reg 112*4
do coup 112 V
Dls of Col 3.665. ...119 j
Atchison gen 45.... 99V4
do adj 4s 79%|
Can So 2ds 107%!
Ches A O 4%5...... 96%'
do &s 115>4
C & N W cons 75.. 139
do 8 F deb 65....115%
Chi Term 4s 93
D A R G lsts ....102%
do 4s 97 j
E T Va A Ga 15U.101%1
Erie gen 4s CS%|
Ft W A D C Ist*.. 71%;
Gen Elec 6s 117
G H & 3 A 65.. ..108
do 2ds 106
H & T Cen 6s 110
do con 6s ...110
lowa Cen lets ....110
KCP&O lsts.... C 8
La new con 45.... 108
L A Nash uni 45.. 97
So Pao 4s S2
it X & T tie «S%
do 4S 89
N V Cen lsta 109
N J Cen gen 6a..H8%
No Carolina 6s ....m
do 4» 108
No Pac lets no
do 3s 66
do 4s 104%
N V C A St L 45..104
Norf A W con 4s. 91%
do gen < iJ»ft
Or Nay lsts no
do 4s iol)4
Or S Line 6s 129
do con 6s m
Reading gen 4s .... E3%
ROW lets 95?
St L A I M con 65.110
St L A B F gen 65. 120
St Paul cons i&
St P C A Pao lsts.HSK
do 6s" HBfi
So Ry 6b 107
S Rope A T 65.... 83
Term new set 85.... 94
Tex A Pac lsts m«
do Ids 64
Union Pao 4s ....102%
Wabash lits 114%
do 2ds ioo
West Shore 4s in«
Wls Cen lsts 89%
Va cent 84
do deferred 6
Colo A Sou lsts.... U
MINING STOCKS,
Chollar 22
Crown Point 08
Con Cal A Va. 1 80
Deadwood 62
Gould & Curry 18
Hale & Norcross... 35
Homestake 66 «0
Iron Sliver 12
Mexican 26
Ontario 7 2S
Ophir 60
Plymouth 08
Quicksilver 1 76
Do prefd 7 60
Sierra. Nevada 40
Standard 2 £0
Union Con 23
Yellow Jacket 18
ARRIVED.
Saturday, Jaaaary tS.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. 53 hours froxa Baa
Pedro.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing. IS hoars from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Cleone, Higglns, .13 hoars from C&sp«r.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, .43 hoars from
San Pedro.
Bark Ferris S Thompson, Mark. 30 days from
Port Blakeley. •.-,»>
Schr J Eppingtr. Colstrup, 4 days from Pstnt
Arena.
Schr Bender Bros, WetzeL 43 hours from
Flsbennana Bay.
Schr Oceania Vance, Msrchisoa. 11 day* from
Port Gamble.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 13.
Stmr Corona, Debasy. Ban Diego; Ooodall.
Perkins A Ox
Stmr- North Fork. Bash. Ebreka,; Chaa Kel
son.
Stmr Santa Crux, Hlnile, Baa Pedro; Good
all. Perkins A Ox
Stmr Cbas Nelson. Anderson. Beattl*( B T
Kruse.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka; OoodiH,
Perkins A Co.
Stmr San Juan, Brown. Aeasuloo aad Chasa
perlco; Paclflo Mall 8 8 Cow
Stmr Miami. ReiUey, Nar.alma; Pad 2a Coast
Co.
Br Btmr Robert Adamsoa, Morgaa, Nasalmo;
J Rosenf eld's Sons.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pedtrsoa. Naaalmo: R
Dunsmutr'B Sons Co.
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhcran. Honolulu; Welch
A Co*
Ship Cyrus Wakefleld, Madoon. Honolulu;
Williams, Dimond A Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. January 13.
Stmr Alcatraa, Carlson. Greenwood.
Stmr Stats of California, Gage, Astoria.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, .
Stmr Corona. Debney, San DlegOw
Stmr Geo Loom!*, Brldgett. Venturm.
Stmr Luella, Miller. Eureka.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, Portland, via Ea-
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendodoo.
Btmr Noyov Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen, .
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan. Nanalma.
Nor stmr Tellus. Pederson. Nan&imo.
Schr Guide. Olscn. Coos Bay.
Schr Nettie- Low. Low. Point Reyes.
Sailing of stmr Aloha last evening was aa
error.
SPOKEN.
Deo 33, lat 7 9. lon 34 W— ltal bark Emanoele
Accame, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
Deo 28. lat 14 N. lon 23 W— Br bark Balmoral,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Dec 31. lat 31 N. lon 15 W— Br bark Chilton
ford, from London, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBO6, Jan 13. W. p m— Weather
hazy; wind NTS. velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Czarina,
from Seattle.
Sailed Jan 13— Br stmr Queen Adelaide, for
China.
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Jaa 11-Schr
Queen, for Port Gamble.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jaa 13— Br stmr
Elm Branch, from Mororan; brig Genarva, from
Kahulul; Chll bark Ante Pogasta. from, .
Sailed Jan 13— Schr O W Watson, for Hono
lulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jaa 13— fitmr Willamette,
hence Jan 9.
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed Jaa 13-Schr Maid
•f Orleans, for San Franclsotn.
COOS BAY— Barbound Jaa 13— Stars Arcat*
and Empire. • v
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jaa O— Schr Melaao
thon. for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— To sail Jaa 13— Ship
James Nesmlth. for Delago* Bar. via Port
Townsend. *
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jaa 13— Stmrs
Newburg and Coquflle River, hence Jaa S.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Jaa 13— Schr Com
peer, from Port Townsend.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 13— flchr LotU« Oar
son, for Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jaa 13— Stair Baa
Pedro, h^nce Jan 11; schr Mawtima, from New
Whatcom: stmr Westport. from .
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 13-Stmr Columbia, for
Ban Francisco.
Arrived Jan 13— Tux Samson, hence Jan 13.
FOREIGN PORT 3.
BYDNET— Arrived Jaa 12— 6hij> Reaper, hao
PANAMA— Arrived Deo 31— Br stair Baa Bias.
hence Deo 8.
Sailed Deo 27— Stmr City of Panama. Cor
Manzanlllo. Deo 23— Stmr Colon, for San Fran
cisco.
FLUSHING — Passed Jaa 11— Br bark FWe
shlre. from Rotterdam, for Oregon.
SHANGHAI— Arrived orlor to Jaa 19— Br
bark .Coillnsrrove. from Port Blakeley.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr America
Maru. from San Francisco, via Honolulu and,
Hongkong.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jaa 13— €tmr Jfoorge,
from Copenhagen, eta.
Arrived Jan- 13— Strar Etrurla. from liver
pool.
Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Samatlan, for Olaagow;
stmr Lucanla, for Liverpool; ttzar Batavla. for
NAPLES— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Werrm. from
New York. *nd nroeeeded for Genoa,
CHERBOURO — Sailed Jan 13— Stmr New
York from Southampton, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 13— Stmr Rotter
dam, for New York. Jan 13— Stmr Ohio, for
ANTWERP— SaiIed Jan IS— Stmr Southward,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan 13— fitmr Csmprnia.
for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Oer
mante. from New York, for Liverpool.
NETW YORK, Jan. 18.— The Financier a*y»:
"The New York bank statement for the week
ending January IS was even better tftwn had
be«n expected. The surplus reserve Increased
almost $6,000,000 and the excess above legal re
quirements now stands at $11,707,350, a sum
greater than the banks have reached since
June 24 last, although In August the total was
almost as high. As the deposits during the
week remained almost stationary the entire
cash receipts of the week went to swell the
Idle cash in banks, thus accounting for ' the
unusual expansion. The liquidation that oc
curred on the stock exchange is reflected In the
decrease of $1,658,900 In loans. The statement
does not balance, but there Is no question
that the position of the banks Is even stronger
than reported, for interior receipts increased
largely at the close of the week. The gain
came almost entirely from the Interior, the ex
ports of specie to Europe tha previous Satur
day counterbalancing treasury receipts. The
banks in fact are gaining as rapidly In sur
plus this month as was the case a year ago,
with the exception that the expansion In each
now counts altogether In surplus reserve,
whereas a year ago reserve liability occasioned
by the loan and deposit increases were locking
up from three to live million dollars weekly.
For instance, the deposits of the banks during
the month of January, rose almost $57,000,000,
while loans expanded twenty-three millions.
The reserve requirements were, therefore, over
fourteen millions heavier, but decplte this fact
the surplus reserve actually gained eighteen
millions. This year so far loans have risen
les9 than two millions; deposits only a little
over nine millions, while the excess reserve la
tor* than six millions heavier. The expansion,
therefore, this year does not compare with that
of a year ago, although the gain in reserve
Is on a plane that nearly equals that which
occurred last year. It is not to be overlooked
in this connection that the banks last Decem
ber and January were not losing gold to
Europe, as has been the case lately."
London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial- cablegram says:
Buelnees In the markets here to-day was very
small, but the tone was excellent, based on
hopes of good news from the Transvaal, which
the professional began to anticipate In markets
bare of stocks. Consols were up % and led the
rise. Cheap money helped the oheerful feeling.
American securities shared In the improve
ment, but the trading was of minute propor
tions. No gold was received or engaged.
Money rates continued easy at yesterday's
rates and bills were scarce. Large money bal
ances are unemployed, but the gold position Is
still watched with some oonoern. Holland Is
expected to buy specie and the supply Is mea
ger. It Is feared that India, which Is inter
cepting Australian arrivals, will take bullion.
A shipment will be made next week.
Silver was strong. Speculation In It Is
awakening In India and the market demand Is
keenly felt. The market Is nervous, watching
French tenders to-day, which may continue for
some time, though not so long as last year.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 13.— Canadian Pacific 94%*
Union Pacific preferred. 74%; Northern Paclflo
preferred. 76%; Atchlson, 30%; Grand Trunk 7;
Anaconda, — . Bar silver, 27 3-Ud per ounce.
Silver firmer. No variation in Exchange.
Wheat and other cereals dull and weak.
Bran advanced 50c. Hay weak and quiet.
Beans firmly held at the advance.
Large arrivals of Oregon Potatoes expected.
Vegetables firm. Onions unchanged.
Turkeys very cheap and plentiful. Game easy.
Eggs lower again. Butter weak. Cheese unchanged.
Orange auction to be held to-morrow.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Hides, Wool and Hops dull
Meat market unchanged.
Fair trading in securities.
Cottolene marked up.
BOSTON BTOCKB AND BONDS.
Money— 1
Call loans jwj
Time loans 54? i
Stocks—
Atch Top A B F... 19%
Do prefd 60
Am Sugar ll«%
Do prefd IU%
Bell Tel 383
Boston A Albany.. 24l
Boston El 96
Boston A Maine... .200
Chi Bur A Q lil%
Fltchburg prefd.... 131
G«n Eleo 122%
Do prefd 187
Federal Steel 61
Do prefd .74
Mexican Cent. 11
Mich Tel. 100
Old Colony 101
Old Dominion 20%
Rubber 41%
Union Paolflo 46%
Union Lajid w 8
West End 93
Do prefd 11l
Westgh Eleo 40
Wls Central 17%
Dom Coal 44%
Do prefd 116%
Bonds—
Atchlson 4s 98
Mining Shares-
Adventure 6
Alloues Mng C 0... 8
Atlantic S4
Boston A M0nt.... 270
Butte A 805t0n.... 43
Calumet A Hecla..74S
Centennial 17%
Franklin 14
Humboldt 1
Osceola 70%
Parrot • 148
Qulnoy 145
Santa Fe Copper... 6%
Tamarack ..,_, U7
Wlnona 4%
Wolverine* 40
Utah 23)4
Contra Costa... 74 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 1W
Uarln County.. i« - Oceanic 8 Co.. S3 12%
Spring Valley.. 85 95% Pac A F A.... 1% 2*
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor C 0..143. .143 —
Cent Gas C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. 9% —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 74 13%
55 Honokaa n 60
60 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar. S7 00
60 Hutchinson S P Co 3T 37%
115 Makawelt 44 23
25 Makaweli, s 8 44 13%
10 S F Gas A Electric Co, s 30 6T 25
15 S F Gas A Electrlo Co 61 60
35 S F Gas A Electrto Co 61 09
100 S F Gas A Electric Co. s 90... 60 75
110 S F Gas A Electric C 0...... 60 75
140 Spring Valley Water 95 25
{1,000 Contra Costa Water bonds 106 60
Street—
25 Alaska Packers' Association 119 75
12.000 Oakland Transit Co t per cent.. ...113 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Equitable Oas : 6 CO
10 Alaska Packers' Association 120 oor
104 Hana Plantation Co 7 62%
10 Market-street Railway .'. 61 6:4
10 S F Gas A Electric 61 50
10 S F Oas A Electrlo 61 87%
100 Paahau Sugar Co. s 90 _... 23 00
U Spring Valley Water 95 25
200 Vlgorlt Powder 3 00
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANQB.
Morning Scssloa.
Board—
200 Barker Ranch 1 IB
200 Century Oil Co 135
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.'
Board—
100 Burlington .'. 1 00
100 Burlington 1 05
400 Dominion 40
1000 Dominion 45
100 Home Oil Co ' 4 10
100 National :.... 6 82%
60 National ; < 60
60 National 6 60
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ,
Morning Session.
200 Tellow Jacket.. 23]
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday 1
Morning Session.
600 Andes 10
700 Belcher 10
300 O C A Va.....l 87%
300 Hale A N0r0... 89
200 Mexican 29
300 Ophlr .! (8
600 Sierra Nevada.. 43
200 Yellow Jacket.. 23
350 Carters O M Co 64
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, January 13—13 m
Bld.Aek.
Alpha. 03 04
Alt* M OS
Andes 09 - 10
Belcher 10 .11
Best & Belcher. 33 £3
Bullion 04 05
Caledonia 47 43
Chollar 18 S7|
Challenge Con.. 18 20
Confidence 81 64!
Cod Cal A Vi..l 35 1 40
Con Imperial... — «i|
Con New York. — 04;
Crown Point... 10 12
Exchequer — 02'
Gould A Curry. 23 23 j
Hale A Nora... 89 40'
Julia — 02
Justice 03 04
Bld.Ask.
Kentuck 01 02
Lady Wuhngtn 03 —
Mexican 29 80
Occidental ..... 17 20
Ophlr ........... 15 66
Overman 0$ 07
Potcsl ........... 29 27
Savage 16 13
Scorpion 02 —
Eeg Beloher.... 03 04
Sierra Nevada.. 43 44
Silver Hill 03 —
St Louis — OS
F'andard — 3 00
Syndicate — 05
Union Con 23 28
Utah 03 01
Yellow Jacket.. 22 24
Discharge of California Rivers.
The following record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California Rivers Is fur
nished by J. B. Ltpplncott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey. One second
foot equals 60 miners' Inches:
INVESTORS and
SPECULATORS
ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO CALL OS
our representative. Mr. E. B. Rlley. who
will be at the PALACE HOTEL Jan. 1* and 15.
If you are Interested In the NEW YORK
STOCK MARKET do not fall to call. We should
be pleased to have you favor us with an ac-
count, believing that we can assist you in many
ways to make money in the market. We are In
close touch with prominent Interests In tha
market, and are In a position to receive inside
Information regarding the movement of certain
stocks, which we use for the benefit of our ell-
* D Never were there better opportunities offered
for making money than at the present time.
We take a personal Interest in advising our cli-
ents at a distance what mocks to buy and sell,
and we are confident that after an Interview
with Mr Rlley, that by opening an account
with us through him and allowing ns to assist
ycu, that you will be more than satisfied with
the 'results. ¦ •
If you are not in a position to give personal
attention to your speculative affairs we will
make arrangements to handle accounts of $100
and upward for 25 per cent of the net profits.
No charge will be made, however, until the ac-
count has been doubled. One JSOO account placed
with us in which only Tobacco and Sugar were
traded in. chowed profits of over S3COO In two
we-;ks Arrangements can be made for opening
accounts by calling at above address between 1
and 5 p. m.. on datea mentioned, or at any ota«»
time by appointment.
j. l. McLean & co.,
Bankers and Brokers.
Members Consolidated Stock Exchange, New
York.
Boston. 13 Congress st. : New York, SO Broad-
way; Philadelphia. iZZ Chestnut si.
TO SAIL.
Chicago Grain Market.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. i—
January «H «*H «4U 64H
May «7% 17% «n{ «7%
July Wt 6SK 68)4 «8%
Corn No. *— . .
January «J 81 80% 80%
May »H MH BSH 83H
July «4)J 84)4 84% jig
Oats No. f— .
January 22% 22H 83% M*
May «4 -:r 24)4 34 24
Mess Pork. per. barrel-
January 10 76 10 77H 10 78 10 77)4
May 1100 11023 10 97)4 v 02)4
Lard, per 100 pomnda—
January ••«• .... 6 97%
May ....607% 6 07% 606 8 07^
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January .... 6 92)4
May.. 6 82% 5W »80 6 82)4
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
There was the usual Saturday business In
securities, the leading stock being San Fran
cisco and Electric, which declined from 851 60 to
$50 75. Contra Costa Water was also weaker
at $74 13)4> * J ' *' ' J
• The Pacific Stock Exchange has "elected the
following officers for 1900: President, J. Herz
berg; vice president, Etephen Otis; chairman,
John B. Bourne; treasurer, Max Goldman; seo
retary, William Donovan. Executive commit
tee— William Doud, S. Kullman and W. E.
• Dividend No. I of 20 cent* per sham, on the
Issued capital stock of the Oakland, Ban Lean
dro and Haywards Electrto Company has been
declared payable at the Union National Ttanir
Oakland, on January 15.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATU
Bld.Ask.
V S Bonds—
<s quar coup.. — —
is quar reg... — 114%
«s quar niw.«-*r
2s quar c0up... 109% —
Miscellaneous—
Pai-st Cub 5«t..1154 —
CC Water 65.. 104 107 W
kU L.J: k* 65. .130 —
F&.CI Ry 65..115 —
Geary-st R 6s. — 95
HC & S 6K5..113 -
H C S: S 55....10«'4 —
LA R7 6s 104%105
LAI. Co 6».. — —
. Do entd 65.. — —
Do Rntd 65.. — 103
LA & P R 68.101% -
Market-st 68...125H127
Do Ist m 65..117H —
NC N G His- -
NR of Cal E5.113 —
N R of Cal 6».112U —
N P C R R 68.1021* -
NPCRR 68.105fc1C6%
N-C R R 65.. .109 —
OOL&H 68.108 110
OakTran 65...111%U3
Oak W Co 65.. 105 106&
Oceanic SS Co.lo3Vilo4H
Om C Ry «5... — 127
P&CIKy Bs.. 104)4105*
Pk &. pRy 6s. - -
Powell-st R «s — 121
Pac El G*;R6s — — ¦
S F & N P 65.11S 113%
S F & SJV 6S.USH-:
S Ry of Cal 65.107*109 '
5 P of A 85....U0 111
BPC 65(1a05).10S UU
6P C 6»a90«).Ul —
8¦ P C 65U912). — —
6PCIs eg ss. — —
S P Br 65......124H125
S V Wat 65....114H —¦
8 V.Wat 45....103*i103K
S V W4s(3dm).lolVi —
Stktn Gas 65.. 101 105
Water Stock*—
RDAY, Jan. 13—13 m.
Bld.Ask.
Cent LAP....— b
Eqult Q L Co. 4H 6
Mutuer L Co. I3H 15*
OPL&H.... 42 «
Pao Oas Imp.. — 49
Fac Light Co. 40 —
S F O & E.... 60% 61
San Francisco. 3?i 4
Stockton Gas.. 13 —
L*'.<urance— - ;
Flrem's Fund. .22o. 239
Bank Stocks—
Anglo-Cal Ltd. (5 —
Bank of Ca1. ..404 —
Cal SD Sl T.. 96 98
First NaU0n1.,250 —
Lon P & A.. ..131 132H
MerchanU' Ex — 11
Nev Nat.Bk... — 180
Savings Banks—
Ger S L L...1750 —
Hum S A L. — _
Mut Say Bk. 40 —
S F Say U... 600 —
Say & L So. — —
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads-
California 117H120
Geary-st fin _
Market-st Ry.. 61H 62
OBL4 H...V - iv
Presidio 17H 23
Powder Stocks-
Call fornla ISO 175
X Dynamite... 86 ' _
Giant Con Co.. 94% »«
Vlgorlt *g 5
Bugar Stocks—
Hana P Co 7H —
Haw C & S Co 87*4 87H
Honokaa S Co. 31^j —
Hutch S P Co. 27 27J4
Kllauea S C0.. '23)4 30
Makawell'S Co 44V4 4VA
Onomea S Co.. 27% 29
Paauhau S Co. 28 28 U
' Miscellaneous—
Al Pack Assn. — 120
EASTERN MARKETS.
SUNDAY, JANUARY 14.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Hrnnch Hydrorraphlo Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chant*' F.xchanße, San Francisco. Cal..
January U, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Charters.
The Korfotk Island was chartered prior to
arrival for *t«at to Europe, tSs cd.
The Had&oa Hall loads whe«,t at Portland
tor Japen. 82a cd.
Weather Report.
OJOth Meridian— Pacific, Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 18. WOO— 6 p. m.
Tie followteg are the seasonal rainfalls to
Cats a* compered with those of the same date
last season and rainfalls In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Station*— M Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.20 HO.ili 15. W
Red Bluff , i 0.00 14. €6 11. SO
tfc.-rtr.ento , 0.04 13.15 «.$0
£*n Francisoo .......... 0.00 14. SS 7.17
Fresno 0.00 6.10 8.79
Independence 0.00 2. 0S 1.15
Ban Luis Oblepo 0.00 12.41 1.79
Loe Angeles 0.09 4.87 2.94
fi*n D:ego 0.00 2.60 3. 15
Yum*. 0.00 O.M 1.83
6an Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
£0; minimum, 44: mean, 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
The pressure has fallen generally over the
country weet cf the K«cky Mountains. During
the put twenty-fcur hours there has been a
fail of two-tenths of an Inch or score over
Vtah and Southern Idaho.
Reports are tnleeing from Ne<Lh Bay, but
there ar« pcrr.e indications of the approach of
a storm over Northwestern Washington and
Vancouver Inland.
The temperature has risen slightly east cf
the Sierras tr.d has fallen slowly along the
coast. Fog prevails generally over Northern
California la the lowlands. The temperatures
are from eight to twelve degree* warmer In
the mountains and foothills than In the valleys.
Rain has fallen along the coast from Cape
Mendoclno northward. A maximum wind
velocity of thirty-four miles per hour from the
southwest is reported at VCinnemucoa.
Forecast rr.ale at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 14. 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy Bunday, probably
rain; fresh southeasterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; warmer In
extreme southwestern portion.
N ¦-¦. .ula— Cloudy Sunday, wltfa light rain la
extreme northers portion.
Vtah— Cloudy Sunday.
Ariz oca — Fair Sunday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloafly Sunday,
probably light rain: warmer In afternoon; light
southeasterly winds.
alexant>er o. Mcadie.
Forecast Official.
Foreign Futures.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
AUCTION SALES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
steady; winter patents, |3 40® 3 60; straights,
(388 30; clears, $2 903* 10; spring specials, 13 80
©380; patents, *3 80@3 B0; straights,- $2 €53*;
bakers', $2 20^2 60; No. 3 spring wheat, 620
68%o; No. 2 red, 67@<7Ho: No. 2 corn, Slfto; No.
i oats. 23c: No. 8 white. 28@25Hc; No. S rye.
64c; No. 2 barley. BS®42c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 60;
prime timothy seed, 32 85@2 87H; mess, pork,
per barrel, 33 45© 10 85; lard, per 10Q pounds,
$5 85<g>5 96; short ribs sides (loose), J5 6CK25 60;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5 60@5 62%; short
clear sides (boxed), $5 85(36 90; whisky, distil
lers' finished (coods, per gallon, 81 23H: sugars,
cut loaf,, unchanged; cloveT, contract grade,
|8 16<3>8 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 820,000 83,009
Wheat, bushels 75.000 25.000
Com. bushels .....402,000 . 895,000
Oats, bushels .....250,000 202,000
Rye. bushels ~ 10.000 30.000
Barley, bushels 72,000 -10,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 2&328o: dairy.
17@270. Cheese firm, 12®12%c. Eggs, fresh 17c
*» AUCTION SALE *a
py i
WEUj BROKEN HIGH CLAB3 ROADSTERS
AND TROTTERS.
(Sired _bjr SILVER BOW (2:1S). EASTER
WILKES (11.7C8) and Other Well
Known Sires.)
A Good Chance to Get a Oreen Trotter for Hi*
Season of 1900.
Ths Proparty of GEO. FOX ESQ., CX.EirETNT3.
Also 23 heaJ of BUSINESS AND DRAFT
HORSES, waiehlni from 1100 to 18C0. Wall-
matched pairs of blacks, bays, browns, dappla
srays and grays.
To Ba Sold on
TUESDAT JAJO7ART 18, 13C0
SALESTARJD. COR. VAN NES3 AVB. AND
MARKET STREET (1733 Market 8tr»at).
Catalogues now ready. Horses at yard.
CHASE & MENDENHALTj.
Successors to KlUlp & Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 6 »H 8 9%
Closing 6 9H 6»H
PARIS. -
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-Juna.
Opening ...-„...- —~.. 17 90 18 96
Closing — •«
Flour-
Opening ~ 14 00 MB
Closing ~ ...«.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $233,661,063; gold reserve,
1228,655, 434.
New York Metal Market.
JTBTW YORK. Jan. 13.— The brokers* price
for lead Is 34 45 and for copper |16 60.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. IS.— Consols, 09%; stiver. 27
8-16 d; French rentes, IOOf 10c; wheat cargoes
X>ff coast, rather easier; cargoes on passage,
nothing doing; No. 1 standard California, 80s!
Walla Walla, 27s M. .. ."7
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 13.— Wheat, dull; wheat
In Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull. •-
COTTON— Uplands, 4 17-S2d-
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 13.— WHEAT— Futures
closed steady: March and May, 6s »Hd. Spot-
Dull; No. 1 California, 6s Bd36s 3V4d; No. 3 red
Western winter, Bs lOd; No. 1 Northern
spring, 6s.
. CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, 8s 6%d;
American mixed old, 8s «Ud.
HOPS— At London (Paolflo Coast), firm, £3
10s® £4 10s.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. IX.— Clearings, 1262,
651; balances, 143.259.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 13.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 62®530; valley. 61@E20; blue stem, 64c.
Cleared— British bark Galena for Queenstown,
with 126.550 bushels wheat. - . • .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 13.— N0 change In wheat;
club, 61c; blue stem, 63c
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun rises 7:25
Sun sets 6:14
Moon 5et5.................. f.tZ a, m.
O Time Time . Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
? L W H-W L W H W
14 ... 3:66 3.0 10:00 6.0 4:59 —0.8 ...
15 . 0:00 4.1 4:45 1.0 10:45 6.9 6:35 — o!»
15... 0:37 4.9 6:29 1.9 11:28 . 6.6 «:07 — O.S
17 ... 1:10 6.0 «:13 3.8 12:11 6.4 1:17 0.0
18 ... 1:43 6.0 6:67 3.6 12:54 6.0 7:04 0.4
19 ... 1:14 6.1 7:41 2.6 1:35 4.6 7:33 0.9
30 ... 3:41 5.1 8:24 3.4 2:21 4.2 8:03 l.t
NOTE— In th» above exposition of tb« tides
the early morning tides are liven In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In tho order of occurrenc« aa to time. The
eocond time column elves tho second tlda of
the day, the third Urn* column tha third tide
and tha last or right hand column elves the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometime* occurs. The heights
Clven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTE.
27
Steamer.
From.
I Dun.
Samoa Humboldt ... Jan. 14
Bonlta Newport . Jan. 14
Columbia Portland Jan. 15
China China and Japan Jan. 13
E. Thompson... Seattle Jan. 15
Santa Kosa. San Diego Jan. IS
Arcata* Coo« 8ay...... Jan. 15
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 15
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 1«
E. Thompson... Seattle „ Jan. 19
Bristol Departure 8ay.... Jan. 16
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 17
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Pug-et Sound Jan. 17
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 17
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 17
South Portland. Departure Bay Jan. 17
Aloha Crescent City.... ... Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. is
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. IS
Crescent City... Crescent City.... ... Jan. 13
Corona San Diego Jan. 19
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 19
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor....- Jan. 19
Colon Panama Jan. 19
Lady Jotcey.... China and Japan. Jan. l»
Czarina Puget Sound Jan. 13
Willamette .... Seattle Jan. 19
Waahtenaw .... Comox Jan. 19
State of Cal Portland Jan. 20
Porto China and Japaa Jan. 20
Santa Cms..... Humboldt Jan. 21
Um&tllla Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 21
Volumnla Hamburg _ Jan. X 4
Steamer.
Destination.
Balls.
I Pier.
TlUamook . TMamook Jan. 14, tpm Pl«r 2
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 14. Sam pier a
C Nelson... Puget Sound.. Jan. 14. 10 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 14. 2 pra Pier 9
Santa Cru». San Pedro Jan. 15. 9am Pl»r U
HonK Maru China A Japan Jan. 16. Ipm PMSS
Queen VIo & P*t Bd. Jan. 16. lOamiPler 9
A Blanch' d Coos Bay Jan. 16. 19 am|Pler 13
Santa Rosa. San Die«jo..... Jan. 17. 11 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt..... Jan. 17. 10am Pier 13
San Pedro.. Humboldt Jan. 17. 4 pm Pier 13
Arcata Cooa Bay Jan. 17. 10 am|Pler 13
Columbia .. Portland Jan. is, ID am. Pier 24
Newport ... Panama Jan. IS. 12 mIPMSS
Aberdeen .. Portland Jan. 19 )
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 19, 9am Pier 11
Lady Jolcey China* Japan Jan. 20. Ipm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. TO, 2pm Pier 2
Corona San IMe^o Jan. 11, 11 am Pier 11
Newburgr •• Grays Harbor Jan. H
Walla wall Vie A Pgrt Sd. Jan. 21. 10 am Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Jan. 23, 10 am Pier 24
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLY 3 FERRT.
I Socond Feet.
189 S. 1899.
DATS.
December n...... 1 493 j 13,100
DATS.
Second Feet.
1399. I 1500.
January 1 •
January >
January I
January 4 ?.
January 6
January 6
K65 64.200
«2«5 . 9«,600
8500 »162.600
W33 62.300
(275 49.600
8170 68.200
•Roughly approximated.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JELLY 3 FERRT.
I Socond Feet.
189 S. 1899.
DATS.
December n...... 1 493 j 13,100
DATS.
Second Feet.
1399. I 1500.
January 1 •
January >
January I
January 4 ?.
January 6
January 6
K65 64.200
«2«5 . 9«,600
8500 »162.600
W33 62.300
(275 49.600
8170 68.200
•Roughly approximated.
Jinuar
T
12
<% New Mooa.
Su. Mo Tn. Wa Tb. Fr. 9a. W Janaary 1-
L _L __ -i- — - — ' Janaary 8.
t • > 10 U 13 W -^ TuUMooa,
€t>Mt Quartar,
_ Jaao*ry IX
'"m" 1»" "w" «X ~~ /av N«w Moon.
— W Jan iary SO.
Steamer.
From.
I Dun.
Samoa Humboldt ... Jan. 14
Bonlta Newport . Jan. 14
Columbia Portland Jan. 15
China China and Japan Jan. 13
E. Thompson... Seattle Jan. 15
Santa Kosa. San Diego Jan. IS
Arcata* Coo« 8ay...... Jan. 15
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 15
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 1«
E. Thompson... Seattle „ Jan. 19
Bristol Departure 8ay.... Jan. 16
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 17
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Pug-et Sound Jan. 17
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 17
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 17
South Portland. Departure Bay Jan. 17
Aloha Crescent City.... ... Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. is
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. IS
Crescent City... Crescent City.... ... Jan. 13
Corona San Diego Jan. 19
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 19
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor....- Jan. 19
Colon Panama Jan. 19
Lady Jotcey.... China and Japan. Jan. l»
Czarina Puget Sound Jan. 13
Willamette .... Seattle Jan. 19
Waahtenaw .... Comox Jan. 19
State of Cal Portland Jan. 20
Porto China and Japaa Jan. 20
Santa Cms..... Humboldt Jan. 21
Um&tllla Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 21
Volumnla Hamburg _ Jan. X 4
Steamer.
Destination.
Balls.
I Pier.
TlUamook . TMamook Jan. 14, tpm Pl«r 2
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 14. Sam pier a
C Nelson... Puget Sound.. Jan. 14. 10 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 14. 2 pra Pier 9
Santa Cru». San Pedro Jan. 15. 9am Pl»r U
HonK Maru China A Japan Jan. 16. Ipm PMSS
Queen VIo & P*t Bd. Jan. 16. lOamiPler 9
A Blanch' d Coos Bay Jan. 16. 19 am|Pler 13
Santa Rosa. San Die«jo..... Jan. 17. 11 am Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt..... Jan. 17. 10am Pier 13
San Pedro.. Humboldt Jan. 17. 4 pm Pier 13
Arcata Cooa Bay Jan. 17. 10 am|Pler 13
Columbia .. Portland Jan. is, ID am. Pier 24
Newport ... Panama Jan. IS. 12 mIPMSS
Aberdeen .. Portland Jan. 19 )
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 19, 9am Pier 11
Lady Jolcey China* Japan Jan. 20. Ipm PMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. TO, 2pm Pier 2
Corona San IMe^o Jan. 11, 11 am Pier 11
Newburgr •• Grays Harbor Jan. H
Walla wall Vie A Pgrt Sd. Jan. 21. 10 am Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Jan. 23, 10 am Pier 24Common whisky is a curse— the Old Gov-
ernment is a blessing. r.. *. '¦'
grand of that lodge, vice J. G. Campbell,
elected to that office, but unable to ac
cept by reason of absence from the city.
Garden City Lodge of San Jose received
a visit last Friday from Deputy Grand
Master W. W. Watson and initiated fif
teen candidates.
At the next meeting of Parker Lodge
Walter T. Lyon. son of the late grand sec
retary of the order, will be received into
the lodge by initiation.
Grand Patriarch Foster will visit the en
campment at Woodland on the 17th, Wll
dey Encampment in this city on the 18th,
Golden Rule Encampment In Oakland on
the 19th and Sunset Encampment at Ala
meda on the 23d, on which occasion there
will be an open meeting and a programme
of entertainment.
The officers of Wildey Encampment will
be Installed on the 18th inst. and those of
Unity Encampment on the 23d.
The Rebekahs.
California Lodge's present officers held
their last meeting last night and marked
the event by the initiation of candidates.
The term under the direction of Miss
Pauline Harris, the youngest Rebekah
who ever held the office of noble grand in
this city, was a most successful one, the
lodge during that period receiving twenty
candidates by Initiation and five by card.
Miss Harris, who It was thought was too
young to assume the responsible duties
of that office, astonished all her critics by
making one of the best officials that ever
filled the chair. On the night of the 20th
the new officers will be installed.
Past Grand Master W. H. Barnes has
donated to the Orphans' Home two beau
tifully bound volumes of the "History of
Odd Fellowship In America," so that the
little ones may learn something more than
what they know of the grand order that
is providing for them.
The auxiliary drill corps of the Re
bekah* had a drill in the banquet hall of
the Odd Fellows' building last Tuesday,
and they showed great proficiency in the
beautiful evolutions In which they have
been Instructed. The great degree of pro
ficiency which the members of the corps
have attained is due to the enthusiasm of
the officers. Captain Allie Parker and
Lieutenant Ella Campbell, who have been
untiring in their endeavors to have the
corps the very best drilled body of ladies
in the State. Their enthusiasm has been
Imbibed by the membership, with the re
sult that It Is fast becoming the cracka
jaik corps.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge will have an
entertainment on the night of next Wed
nesday, v . ¦ i
The twenty-fifth anniversary banquet of
Stella Lodge of San Jose was one of the
most pleasant events that has ever taken
place in the order in this State. Past
Grand President Mrs. G. E. Moreland was
toast mistress and there was as guest of
honor Past Grand Master Charles N. Fox,
who instituted the lodge during his term
of office. Among other guests were six
teen of the charter members; Mrs. C. A.
Hoxett. president of the Assembly of Cal
ifornia; Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, secretary;
District Deputy Mrs. E. C. Cutter of Los
Gatos, and Past Grand Master Gosbey.
Past Grand Master Barnes delivered an
address last Tuesday night at the public
Installation of the officers of Oakland
Lodge. There was a large attendance and
the visitors were entertained with a good
programme of varied numbers.
The Elks.
Exalted Ruler H. E. Manning, who some
time since met with an accident which
prevented him from attending the ses
sions of Ban Francisco Lodge No. 3, was
at his station again on the sth lnst., the
first tlma in two months. He was -con
gratulated upon his return to the lodge
room. Colonel Howell. the junior past ex
alted ruler, was also present.
The. lodge, which now has a membership
of 275, received five applications from
strangers who desire to add to the mem
bership roll. The exalted ruler took a
batch of blank applications with him and
will soon introduce a number of strangers.
Order Eastern Star.
Last Wednesday night Olive Chapter
had a most interesting meeting. There
were among the visitors Dr. Mayo, Mrs.
Mayo and M. Edwards of Delamar, Nev.,
who were present for the purpose of wit
nessing the work as performed by the
officers of this chapter, their fame for ex
cellence having spread beyond the border
of the State. Under the direction of the
worthy matron. Miss Melissa G. McCon
ky, the work was exemplified with that
correctness of detail that wins admira
tion every time It is witnessed. The five
points o£ the central etar were specially
commended for the correctness of per
formance of their respective duties. The
visitors named have In view the establish
ment of a chapter in their locality. This
chapter will noxt month move to Elks'
Hall and will change its meeting nights
to the second and fourth Mondays. On
the 14th of next month it will give a val
entine party in its new quarters, when
there will be dancing and refreshments,
and there will be disposed of a valuable
piece of tapestry contributed by Mrs.
Ciprlco, the treasurer of the chapter. At
the close of the chapter work there wll!
be remarks by Grand Patron Darling and
Rev. W. E. Smith, musical selections by
Mrs. Nellie A. Darling and Nellie Owens.
Instrumental selections by Mrs. L. C. Pls
tolesi and Miss Emma Rohrbacher, after
which coffee will be served.
¦Harmony Ha.l had a well attended and
eeasant meeting last Thursday night,
rs. Nora L. Sanbcrn has been installed
ts conductress, a position which she has
frlreadv ably filled. At its next meeting
this chapter will initiate several eandl
fiates. It having elected seven. After the
meeting there will be a social hour.
Mission chapter had work la the in
tniatory degrea last night.
Order of the Amaranth.
The elected -officers of Crescent Court
2»o. 8 of the Order of the Amaranth,
Jennie Abbott Graves, royal matron; Flo
rin Leslie Jones, royal patron; Mary G.
Dunn, honored associate matron; James
C. Creamer, treasurer; Mai Lillian Mal-
ETcn. secretary; Virginia Langley, con
fluctress; Barbara Somxner, associate con
ductress, and the following named ap
pointed officers were Installed last Mon
day in Elks' Hall by Past Royal Patron
Frank B. Ladd, assisted by Mrs. Abbio
A- Salsbury as marshal: Lydia A. Steeic,
marshal in the east; Anna J. Lam
bert, marshal In the west; May
Carter "Wheelock, Truth; Mary Oat
xnan. Faith; Ada. Starett, Wisdom;
Annie Simpson, Charity; Josephine
Leach, warder, and Wilks Madden, senti
nel. After the ceremony, which wa> wit
nessed by a goodly number of the mem
bers of the court, there was the presenta
tion of a handsome jewel to the retiring
royal matron. Lady E. C. Malgren. It is
an eastern star surrounded by a wreath
amaranthus, with a large diamond In the
the top and center of the wreath where
the ends Join. After that she wa* by
personal friends of the court presented a
diamond breastpin. The retiring matron
then presented a silver matchbox to the
retiring' patron. F. B. Ladd, in recogni
tion of hli services during the past term.
L»uring the evening Mre. George L.
DarJing rendered several vocal selections.
Upon the dosing of the court there wan
c. banquet tendered to the ladies of the
court by the gentlemen thereof and a very
pic&eant hour was spent. This court will
hereafter meet on the first and third Mon
days. Mrs. Jennie Abbott Graves, the
nt wly installed matron, was for a term
the worthy matron of Ivy Chapter of th«
Order of the Eastern Star, and during her
term she proved one of the most enthusl
nstic and energetic workers that ever
filled that office.- If she devotes the same
energy to the court that she did to tho
chapter she undoubtedly will make a rec
ord of which Ehe will have reason to be
proud.
The Odd Fellows.
Thomas P. Jarvis, past grand of Cos
moDolitan Lodge, ha* been elected noble
FRATERNAL NEWS OF THE WEEK
assist the widows," so says one of the
grand officers.
Foresters of America.
Last Tuesday night the officers of Ju
nior Court Pride of California, whose
names have already been published, wore
Installed in their hall in the Alcazar build
ing in the presence of a large number of
the membership and a number of visiting
members of adult courts. Among thes«
was Frederick H. Deppe of Court Royal
No. 19 of Spokane, Wash., who is hero to
study the junior branch of the order with
a view to establishing one or more courts
in his section of the country. The in
stalling ofllcer was Phil Ash. D. D. G.C.
R., assisted by Chief Ranger-elect Berliner
of Court Golden Gate. The new chief
ranger of the court, Milton A. Nathan,
who is a member of Court Sutro Heights,
is ono of the best parliamentarians in the
order, possessed of excellent executive
ability, and will undoubtedly prove an ef
ficient officer. During the evening the re
tiring chief ranger, A. I*. Friedman, was
presented with a gold watch in recogni
tion of his services during the past term.
This court will give a party In Union
Square Hall on the 31st lnst.
Court Sutro Heights at its last meeting
MAIL ORDERS F»RO/VIF»TLV PILLBD,
935, 937. 939, 9-4-1, 9^4-3, 94-5, 9-4 7 market St.
"the
satis-
factory
store."
•'the
store
mother
likes."
good heavy muslin, deep umbrella
ruffle of cambric, trimmed around the
bottom with wide lace, extra dust ruf-
fle; white sale price 50c
soft heavy muslin, 2 styles, umbrella
ruffle of cambric or lawn, some with
embroidery around bottom, others with
wide hem and fancy lace Insertion
above; white sale price 05c
flne soft muslin,' 2 Btyles, deep um-
brella flounce of lawn with wide em-
broidery around bottom, also with 3
flounces of flne lawn nicely hem-
stitched; white sale price 75c
4 styles at $1.00
8 styles at $1.50
2 styles at $2.00
up t0.... $0.00
muslin drawers.
white laboi* only.
children's muslin drawers with wide
hem and cluster of 3 tucks:
S to 8 years 8c pair
9 to 12 years 10c pair
ladies' chemise.
gfty white labor only.
S$H good muslin, round neck,
\ <^ open front, neck and arm-
C?v <2 holes trimmed with cotton
f\p^\ torchon lace — only three to a
/ A-, 17/ buyer; white sale price.. 19c
muslin and cambric, S
/^V\\ styles, round or square
//;.', | i\\ necks, trimmed with neat
Jii'-LIJ embroidery insertion and flne
< ?& t *'i^l!V> tucks » others with yokes of
«*V*«**^i torchon lace insertion neck
eSS and armholes. embroidery or
fif lace trimmed; white sale
OF price 4Sc
Ix. other handsome styles up
V to $5.50
ladies' night gowns.
white labor only.
good muslin, tucked yoke, ruffle trim-
med neck and sleeves, not over three
to a buyer; white sale price.. 3Sc
good soft finish muslin, high neck,
yoke of embroidery insertion and tucks,
ruffle around neck and sleeves; white
Bale price 43c
dress goods.
we have told you that features
of Interest would be Introduced in
departments other than white
goods, here are some new prices
on dress goods that you will recog-
nize at once as being lower than
you have ever seen:
one case colored serges, strictly
all wool, 46 Inches wide, comes In
all the spring shadlngs; white Bale
price 50c yard
new plaids.
some exclusive designs In large
block patterns, all new spring
Bhadlngs, specially designed for
separate skirt?. 46 Inches wide,
extra heavy; white sale price
$1.25 yard
foulard silks.
great variety, dainty designs,
artistic colorings, patterns ex-
clusive, prices made before the
advance In silk, width 24 inches..
83c and $1.00 yard
black silk.
an offering of an extra heavy
quality of black peau de sole,
guaranteed all Filk, double faced,
best dye, 21 inches wide
$1.25 yard
new homespuns.
newest of fancy check designs
In choice spring colorings, well
adapted for full costumes or sepa-
rate Fkirts, 49 Inches wide; white
eale price SI.OO yard
one case of 47 inches wide black
sergp, guaranteed all wool, bought
before the advance; white sale
price 50c yard
flne soft quality muslin, high neck, over three to a buyer; white sale price
yoke of cluster tucks and embroidery 15c
Insertion, neck and sleeves trimmed
with dainty embroidery, 2 styles; white good muslin, v-shape neck, with deep
sale price Csc edge of embroidery; white sale price..
flne heavy muslin, 4 styles, high neck A£ '*'
broidery. Insertion to match, neck and hl & h ne <*. some low round neck and
sleeves either lace or embroidery trim- others the popular v shape, either em-
med; white sale price 85c broidery or torchon lace trimmed, also
flne muslin and cambric. E styles, high Jf }L ce n o * B A tucks and hemstltchln *: w o n i^
or square neck or fancy empire yoke of Baie P nce —o»-
lace and embroidery Insertion, reveres _ . . . , , -i~,,,i--
of flne tucks edged with lace, also round « ne cambric, 4 styles low circular
or square yoke of either embroidery or y° k es of dainty embroidery insertion,
lace; white sale price $1.00 neck and armlets trimmed with em-
broidery, some patterns come trimmed
5 styles at $1.25 In lace; white sale price 50c
4 styles at $1.50
5 styles at $1.75 other styles up to $1.50
2 styles at $2.25 . .
up to 56.00
ladies' muslin skirts.
the conditions under which our underwear are produced are as good as those of your own sewing-room — perhaps better, the workers are well paid an
there, is no drudgery — for the machines are driven by steam or electricity, white labor only is employed, this is true of all departments.
ladles' muslin draw- _Js^
ers, soft finish mus- v^W«l
lln, cut wide, with v^i^&
cambric ruffle round tJ je >r
the bottom, not more 1
than three pairs to a
buyer; white sale tyX I=m jp~J&\
price 17c pair ft^^^fC' V>JV
ladies' muslin draw- \ JvT \
ers, wide umbrella A 1/ J
ruffle, trimmed with/>4 ... f'ji./y^
cotton torchon lace.ycLli Jljj^f/ /\
limit three pairs to" l\^^r\ \
a buyer; white sale
price 21c
ladies' muslin drawers, good soft
muslin, 2 styles, one with wide um-
brella flounce trimmed with torchon
lace, other with cambric flounce, wide
hem and hemstitching above; white
sale price 25c pair
ladles* muslin drawers, umbrella
flounce of cambric, wide hem and lace
insertion above; white sale price.. 29c
other styles at .31c.
35c. 39c, 45c, 50c, up to $3.00
trimmings
and notions.
%-inch silk tubular braid, -white;
white sale price 3c yard
%-lnch silk tubular braid, white:
-white sale price 5c yard
satin gored belt hose supporters,
-white, assorted sizes; white sate
price 10c pair
white cotton finishing braid for
underwear, 6-yard piece; white
sale price 5c pleca
45-yard spools 8-ply darning cot-
ton, white; white sale price
#; " 2c spool
+ — -
"meet me at Hales."
¦ k ?
"meet me at Hate's."
Hall Racks — Just as necess-
ary as the hall. Fifty kinds
in the most popular woods and
styles. Solid quartered oak,
golden oak, rich carvings,
French plate mirrors and metal
trimmings. From $8 to $110.
Hall Chairs to match Racks or to
please the fancy for the odd and
artistic
While visiting our store ask to see
our display of new and dainty Parlor
Tables. Salesmen like to show them
whether you intend buying or not.
Everything to make the home more
home-like.
Quality and prices to favor the
economical and prudent home pro-
vider.
Stop that draft and make the room
more cheerful — we are showing the
latest In Oriental Portieres.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
In selecting a Carpet here you have
the added satisfaction of knowlnz
that it will be well sewed— on our
Electric Carpet Sewing Machine, the
only one In the West.
Linoleums and Oilcloths for the
kitchen, bathroom and laundry In
bright patterns, best grades. Service-
able aids to health and cleanliness
Frt«d«!tvcry. Oakland. Alam«<U. B»rVel«r
M FRIEDMAN £ CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.
Open ereainss NearStoehom
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Past Exalted Ruler J. O. Reis of this
lodge has been appointed chief deputy In
the office of the City and County Treas
urer.
The officers of this lodge went to San
Jose last evening to initiate fifteen or
twenty candidates for the lodge In the
Garden City.
Knights of Honor.
Installation of officers is now In progress
in all the lodges. The officers of Key-
Stone Lodge were Installed last Thursday
night and the event was followed by a
high Jinks.
The schedule of official visits by grand
officers and by lodges has been sent to
each member of the order In this city,
with a request that each attend as many
of these visits as possible.
The grand reporter is awaiting tho con
tributions that nave been made by a num
ber of lodges In response to an appeal
from the Supreme Lodge for the relief of
the widows of three deceased members,
so that he may forward the same to des
tination. A number of the lodges have
already sent in contributions, but others
have delayed so doing. "The money does
no good in the lodge treasury, but will
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
decided not to adopt a resolution that a
summons by telephone was insufficient to
notify the court physician of the illness
of a member of the court. During the
evening Grand Trustee Lampe delivered
an address and several visitors addressed
the court. The court received six appli
cations, to be acted upon at the next
meeting. It also added $50 to Its deposit
In bank. .'..:• ¦>>;
Court United States of America has or
ganized a court in Oakland that is to
work in the Italian language. It will
shortly be instituted by grand officers and
Court Ferrucio of this city.
Court Washington No. 37 of the Forest
ers of America on the 4th lnst., after tho
installation of the new officers for the cur
rent term, celebrated Its tenth anniver
sary by a banquet in a Powell street ro
tisserie. There were present about 125. In
cluding a number of the grand officers.
There were responses to toasts by J.
Samuels, deputy supreme chief ranger;
Hugo K. Asher, grand sub chief ranger:
John J. Cordy, grand secretary; Frank
Conklin. grand treasurer; John Heenan.
grand senior vioodward; Jacrtb Label of
the Forester Review, W. J. Phelan, past
chief ranger; and Syl Shaben and J. L.
Hadgl, past chief rangers. The souvenir
menu cards, very artistic, announced that
the committee cf arrangements was com
posed of Syl Shaben, H. Goldman and
G. S. Boss. M C. Lasky. the financial
secretary, in introducing the programme
of the order, made an eloquent address
on the rise and progress of Court Wash
ington.
Companions of the Forest, F. of A.
The next session of the executive coun-
cil will be held on the Ist of February In
stead of the time previously appointed.
This is because the regular date. Feb
ruary 6, would interfere with the ornciai
visits the grand chief companion. Mrs.
Flora Jacobs, will have to make In the
southern part of the State. ;¦¦¦¦-
The following new deputies have been
appointed and commissioned: Miss Mary
Fove for Bonita Circle; Mrs. J. Welsel for
San Francisco Circle: H. Lezinsky for
American Circle of Petaluma. and Mrs.
Grace Mosser for Fidelity Circle of San
ta Ana.
I The officers of Live Oak Circle will
be installed next Thursday night In Pyth
ian Castle,
Next Tuesday night the officers of In
ter Nos Circle will be Installed In public
in Pythian Castle.
The grand chief companion, Mrs. Flora
Jacobs, will pay an official visit next
Wednesday night to Golden Era Circle.
Last Tuesday she paid a visit to Mizpah
Circle In the Potrero.
Co-Operative Brotherhood.
The Local Union and Temple Circle of
the Co-operative Brotherhood have elect
ed Joseph G. Crawford, M. D., knight
illustrious; J. C. Gore, secretary; J. C.
Mapelton, lecturer 1 and . local organizer.
This association, which meets in the Su
preme Court building, has a beneficial
feature connected with its co-operative
colony at Burley. The plan of the organi
zation is to give by practical co-operation
a chance to men and women to help them
selves. It is said to be on entirely d:f
ferent lines from any co-operative so
ciety that was ever brought into exist
ence.
if we
please
you,
iel
others.
if we
don 't,
tell us.
special concert daily.
Warren & Lombarderos' well-known
orchestra will give a delight ul concert
every day this week from two till five p.m.
watch the papers for program.
Arnold knit goods.
Free talks dally by Mrs. Reynolds of
New York on the uses of these famous
goods — and the correct dressing of Infants
and children, come In and talk with her.
ladies' corset covers. whltc lobOP onlv -
good muslin cambric ruffle, 2 styles,
white !abor only. one wltn row of hemstitching around
good muslin, high neck, pearl but- the bottom, not more than three to a
tons, embroidery trimmed neck, not buyer; white sale price 35c
muslin underwear.
store news for
housekeepers.
sheets, pillow cases and
towels.
perfect hemmed sheets and eaae«:
white labor only; hemmed sheets, (rood
quality muslin, two-Inch hem, dry-
Ironed, ready for use, white sale prices:
63x90 In., white sale prices... 3Oc each
72x90 In., white sale prices.. .44e each
81x90 In., white sale prices.. .49c each
hemmed bleached sheets, extra fln.
muslin, round, even thread, two-lnca
perfect hem; sizes:
64x90 In., white sale prices.. .43e each
63x30 in. whit* sale pric«s...sOc each
72x30 In., white sale prices.. -G.'o each
81x90 In., white sala prices.. .GOc each
Jox9o In., white sale prices... <*f»c each
90x103 In., white sale prices. .75c each
Hale's double warp sheets for hotel
use;
64x90 in., white sale prices. 42Hc each
63x90 In. white sale prices... 440 each
72x30 In., white sale prices... GOc each
81x30 in,, white sale prices. 57-.c eaoh
90x99 in., white sale prices. ..700 each
SOxICS in., white sale prices. .73c «acb
hemstitched sheets, bleached, «ood
quality muslin, following sizes:
64x90 in., white sale prices... Bsc each
63x90 in., white sale price. ..«Oc each
81x90 In., white sale prices.. .7Oc each
81x90 in., white sale DriM..7So each
90x90 In., white sale prices. ..75c each
hemmed pillow cases, bleached. mad»
from remnants of sheetings, 2-lnch hem.
a pillow case ready for use at less than
the material by the yard, size 43x38
Inches, white sale prices 10c each
hemmed pillow cases, bleached, good
quality muslin, 2-lnch hem. ready for
use; size: -
43x36 in., white sale prices... 15c each
54x36 In., white sale prices. 174 c each
SO4 twilled pillow case 3. bleachjd. sirs
45x36 Inches, boucht from an eastern
manufacturer at a low figure, white sal*
prices 12c each
20 rlecea table damask, bleached, all
linen, 70 Inches wide, value 60c. whlta
sale prices 47c yard
200 dozen table napkins. 22x23 inches,
fast selvage, all linen, for white sala
prices $1.49 dozen
BO dozen Turkish towels, bleached. 19x
45 In., heavy, closely woven, regular 20c
value, white sale prices 15c each
another great white sale— One year ago Hales—t he store of surprises — surprised the people of the west with
a great white sale, you remember it. of course you can remember how the southern cotton fields were reproduced,
how the Alabama quartet delighted you with plantation melodies, but best of all you can remember the wonderfully
low prices on white goods of every description, from handkerchiefs at 3c up to the real lace ones at ten dollars, to-
morrow when you come to Hale's you will find the store prettier— if your memory serves you right you will think
this Impossible — than It was last year, it will seem as though an eastern snowstorm had selected one spot in San
Francisco upon which to pile up Its snowy flakes, special features will entertain you while the sale continues, do not
fail to see the largest bales of cotton ever shown In San Francisco, under ordinary circumstances during a white
sale of this sort the other goods in the store would be neglected, but you have learned to expect the extraordinary at
Hales. In order that the other departments may not suffer while the white goods prosper we have introduced spe-
cial features In other lines that will almost compel you to buy If you have any idea of economy at aIL
white goods
for men.
men's unlaundered white Ehlrts,
white labor only, made from war-
n muslin, linen bosom, double
back, front and shoulders, patent
gussets throughout, bodies are cut
full and In proportion, long and
Fhort r>osoms, all sizes, 13^j to
ITVi: white sale price 50c
men's merino half hose in me-
dium weight, sizes 10, 10^4 and 1L
worth 15c a pair; white sale price
lie pair, $1.30 dozen
some millinery novelties l\
a bunch of pretty violets. 6 dozen In a bnnch, you
remember them at 25c, now they are at white sale
prices 15c
a dainty fedora hat. Quite the thing: for the rainy
season, prettily trimmed with the new net band
and long quill; white sale price 25c
handsome quills In any color; white Bale price
le each
the new polf hat In blue and gray only, pretty
ecarf and quill trlmmlngu; white sale price.. 75c each
14 stylish dress hats at. ..53. 85; some were $10.00
100 tarn o'shanter caps for children that were 250
and &oc. now 15c and 25c
the new
Hales.
Hales.
remember, if you do not see Halo's windows you do not see the latest fashions.
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 14, 1900.
Hales.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. W. C Jenkins.
First Baptist. Auditorium, Y. M. C. A.—
Mason and Ellis streets— Rev. E. A.
Woods. -
St. Mary's, California and Dupont streets —
Paullst Fathers.
St Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St Peter's. Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets— Rev. P. C. Yorke.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender
gast. V. G.
First Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason streets — Rev. George c.
Adams. ; : . -.'
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement . street— Rev. Philip
Coomb..
Plymouth .Congregational,' Post street, near
Buchanan— Rev. F. B. Cherlngton.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
streets— Rev. D. C. Garrett.
Trinity, Bush and Gough streets— Rev. H.
S. Hanson.
Howard M. E.. between Second and Third
streets— Rev. John A. . 8. , Wilson.
Centenary M. E., Bush street, near Gough—
Rev. J. E. Moore.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twenty
¦ sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward. -
Richmond M. E., corner Fourth and Point
avenue avenues— Rev. A. E. Ulrtch.;
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-flrst and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Simpson 'Memorial, corner Hayes and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. S. R. Stephens of <
Vancouver. Evening— "Good News." <
Morning— "Lessons From Moody's LJfe." «
Evening— "The Eighth Commandment— <
Common Honesty." • ¦¦"¦¦¦ «
Morning— "The Heart of the Gospel." Even- <
• n«n «— "Should I Join the Church." with pre- .
lude on "The Bible and Its Critics." «
Morning— Sermon at the U o'clock mass by .
one of the Fathers. Evening— Vespers and •
sermon by Rev. Father- Wyman.
Morning-Rev. Father Calzla will preach '
at the 10:30 mass. Evening— Vespers, sol- <
emn benediction and sermon by Rev. ¦
Father Sardl on "Labor."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Peter C Yorke. .
Evening— Vespers and sermon by one of •
the pastors. ,
Morning— Rev. Philip O*Ryan will preach '
*t the 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Rev.
Father Prendergast will preach after ves
• pers.
Morning— "The Being of God." Evening— '
Busy Here and There."
Morning— "The Exalted Savior Helping
Those Who Are Loyal to Him." Even-
Ing— "The Obligation to Attempt • Great
Things for God and Humanity."
Morning— "Authority of Conscience." Even- .
Ing— "To Him That Hath Shall More Be
Given." .
Morning— "Failures, or the Seed and the
Son." Evening— '"The Religious Faith of
loung Men." •
Morning— Sermon by the rector. I Evening. —
Same.
Morning— Special music and sermon by the
rector. Afternoon— Sermon and services at
4 o'clock. ? . ,
Morning;— "is Christianity a Declining Force-
In the World?" Evening— "Things to
Come."
Morning— Rev. Dr. C. B. Ruddlck will
preach. Evening— Special music and ser
mon by the pastor.
Morning— Sermon* by the pastor. Evening-
Same. ; ,
Morning— "Thy Kingdom Come." Evening
—Sermon by Dr. Case.
Morning— RevV Dr. W. W. Case will preach.
Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— "A" Chosen Generation." Even
lne—"Taking Your Beaxlncs."
Trinity M. 8., corner Market. Sixteenth
and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore H. Wood
ward.
California Street M. E.. corner California
and Broderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Central M. E., Mission street, near Sixth—
Rev. S. D. Hutslnplllar.
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
streets — Rev. John llemphlll.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth avenue
and Latona street — Rev. Herbert N.
Bevler. .. : -\*- .
Stewart Memorial, U. P.. Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
First United Presbyterian. Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H. Bell.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
•First Unitarian, corner Geary and Frank
lin streets— Rev. Dr. Btebblns.
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium. Ellis and Mason
streets— H. J. McCoy, secretary.
First Church •of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 223 Sutter street— The Bible and
Science and Health, With Key to the
Scriptures.
Evangelical Emmanuel, Twelfth and Stev
enson streets— Rev. "F..W. Fischer.
First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street-
Rev. 'E. Nelander.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mis
sion—Rev. F. S. Ford.
Theosophlcal Society— Odd Fellows' build
ing.
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints— Pythian Hall. 909 • Market street.
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ, 820
Post street— C. A. Perkins, pastor.
Society of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi
dental Hall, corner Larklnand McAllis
ter streets.
Morning I—"The1 — "The Grace of God." Evening*— 4.
"The New Jerusalem." <j,
«>
Morning— "Can Christiana Sin?" Evening— <$?
"Son, Remember." <;.
' «s>
Morning — "Th» Select Few." Evening— 4>
"Tho Way or Cain and the Other Way." £
¦ «s>
Morning— Special music and sermon. Even- «•-
Ing— "The Uttermost Salvation." .;>
¦ <t>
Morning — "In Remembrance." Evening— <t>
"As a Uttle Child." ;r -. . <$¦
- ' «j>
Morning— "The Father Made Manifest." <*>
Evening— "After-battle Bravery." tf>
Morning— "What It Is to Be a Christian." A
Evening— "The Great Salvation."
— — — — — — — — — — -^— — — — - -
Morning— "The Narrow ' Way." Krenlag— <«>
"Kadesh — Barmea." <§>
• - — ~-" ~—~^^-— — — — — <j>
Morning — "At Ease In Zlon." Evening &>
"Weighed and Wanting." ' . " '^
Morning— The congregation will unite In the X
Installation of Rev. E. B. Leavltt. Even- <s>
Ing— Mr. Wells will preach on "All Things S>
Good In His Name." . -.-¦» ¦• .-.- X
Morning— lnstallation of Rev. Bradford <t>
Leavltt to be minister of the church. <»»
Afternoon— J. M. Dick of Boston will preach <s>
on "The Notorious Robber." <L
Morning— "Truth." All Invited. %
* t
• -' j>
Morning— "Christ the Ideal and the Individ- 4
ual Members of the Church." Evening— X
t T . he .. Avowe<l and the Real In Religious 4
c - ,;.
Morning— "The Apostolic Duodecemvlrate " <»>
Evening— "Sowing and Reaping." <%
Morning— "Subjection to Christ." Even- <*>
Ins— The Christian Church; Its Origin" <«>
(the first sermon of a scries), .*.
Evening-Mrs M. C. Bell will deliver an <«>
address on Mercury. the Tlanet of In- <S>
divldualism. <«,
Morning-Elder J. T. Atkln will address on %
topics of Mormon faith. Evening-Same. <4>
"^.n'^T'Tw 8 , 1 I". Man That Thou A rt t
Mindful of Him?" Evening— "What Has <*»
God JUade Possible for Man by Obedl- <»>
ence? <S>
E T. e . n ! J Jf~^ rs - R - s - L!tie '" w >" "Peak on %
"A" Prophetic Spiritual Outlook." <*>
4>
¦ Hoi
I Ml I
Mil s&L-^xi. y
O^sl (^0? turned white over night. X^A
28
hnndkerchiela and embroidery.
HK> yards cambrle insertions. 1% to 2 ln( = h « 8 " ."".¦.'.'.'.'.'."".'.".'."."".'".'.'.'s l-3c yard
700 yards cambric Insertions. 1H to 2V* Inches HXs yard
600 yards cambric Insertions. 1T» to ;% lr |<**" "". 14c yard
700 yards cambric Insertions. 1W t0 .3 Incftea yard
100 yards cambric Insertions. 3 lnche a wWe ••• 4o yar(J
1000 yards cambric edgings. JV. to 2 «ches •• & %Sc yariJ
400 yards cambric edgings. VA to 3 jncnes 12<J yanl
1000 yards cambric edgings. W» to 5 Jnches •••• 1C 2-3o yard
400 yards cambric edgings. 4 to 8 inches
four handkerchief specials.
100 dozen children pretty whit, lawn % and % Inch hemstitched _ hantterchWs.. „ .^
i65-i«« ehiidi^'"- white BheeVlawn^-% and 1 Inch hemstitched handkerchief,^