B. F. Lamborn Surprised the Senator in the
Woman's Apartments and Was Let Into
the Secret of the Marriage Contract.
O ENSATION follows sensation in the Craven-Fair litigation. On the very heels of Justice of the
Pcacc Simpton s somersault and Hat denial of his original story that he had performed a mar
riage ceremony bctzi-een the late Senator Fair and Mrs. Nettie Craven comes the announcement
that the woman is prepared to produce a witness who will testify that the dead millionaire zvas intro
duced to him by Mrs. Craven as her husband, upon which occasion the Senator admitted the cxistciicc
of the marriage contract. The new factor in the case is Ben F. Lamborn, City Clerk of Alameda, a
man of prominence and standing in the community. The attorneys for the Fair estate do not attack
his integrity, but claim that they will show, that he is mistaken in his assertions'.
Charles Pence, one of Mrs. Craven's attorneys, asserted yesterday that Simpton xvas bribed to
make the affidavit which caused such a surprise in the celebrated case. He claims to be able to prove
that Charles Fair induced Attorney Syha to influence the Justice to commit perjury, and says that he
will prosecute criminally every one who has attempted to interfere with the honest, free and' fair trial
of the Fair case.
He attempted to get Judge Hunt to issue an order for the attorneys for the estate to appear in
court last rjening and explain their connection with Simpton's latest affidavit, but the Judge refused to
meddle in the matter.
LONDON. Feb. 17.-The - Chronicle's
second edition this morning has the
following dispatch from Watervaal
Drift, dated Friday morning-, Feb
ruary 16:
"Lord Roberts, with the Sixtn
and Seventh Divisions and the cavalry
division, in marching to relieve Kiniliei
ley rendezvoused at Enslin and then
marched toward the Free State. The
Sixth Division crossed the Rlet River nt
Watervaal Drift and marched along the
right bank. The "BoVr^ showed fight and
we had several casualties. The division
then marched on to Jacobsdal. The cav
alry captured Browns Drift, on the left
flank of the Boers' main position.
"Both columns are now marching north
parallel with each other.
"The British captured many prisoners,
but their casualties were slight."
The Chronicle also has the following
dispatch from Wegedelies. undated, via
Modder River. February 16, morning:
"General Kelly-Kenny, with the Sixth
Division, has "entered Jacobsdal. The
Boers made a feeble attempt to hold the
eastern ridges, but were outflanked by
the mounted infantry and retired. There
were few British casualties.
"The division then evacuated Jacobsdal.
marching north in the track of French's
cavalry, which crossed the Modder River
and engaged the enemy, who retired with
heavy losses.
"The Seventh Division crossed the Rlet
River east of Koffyfontein and drove the
enemy before them. »
Continued on Second Paga,
Lamborn. We have been married by con
tract." To which the Senator added:
¦; "Yes; that is correct. For reasons best
known to ourselves we concluded' to keep
the matter secret and so we adopted .the
contract : plan.','. . .¦ •. .'. ¦ - *¦- ,-
Lamborn offered his congratulations and
departed. He kept the secret until after
the death of Senator Fair and- the contest
over his estate. was begun. He was then
asked by Mrs. Craven if he recalled the
incident,. as his testimony would be valu
able-to her in. establishing her -claim as
the widow of the. dead millionaire.. .The
matter had been Impressed upon his mind
very vividly and he readily agreed to go
the apartment. One of the voices he rec
ognized as Mrs. Craven's. The other was
strange to him. but it was not the vole
of a woman. Fearing that he had unwit
tingly stumbled upon a situation that
might be embarrassing to his hostess, he
hastened to excuse himself as soon as she
reappeared. Apparently she divined hid
thoughts, for Bhe detained him, staling
that rather than have him leavo with n
false impression of her Bhe would let him
Into a secret that she would have guarded
with her life.
She said that as he had been her pupil
when he was a small boy and that as
they had always been the best of friends
she felt that she could trust him. When
Lambcrn promised not to-divulge .-• what
had occurred or what was about to trans
pire she 'stepped to the folding-doors and
throwing them open led Senator Fair into
the room. Lamborn says that a conver
sation something like the following, took
place:
Acknowledged the Marriage.
"This is my husband, Senator Fair, Mr.
BEN F. LAMBORN. City Clerk of
Alameda. Is to be introduced iiito
the Fair-Craven case as a witnos
to prove that James G. Fair in hta
presence and hearing acknowledged
Mrs. Craven as his wife and ad
mitted the details of the contract marriage.
That Lamborn Is to be a witness in the
r&Be is known to the attorneys for the
estate and is admitted by the counsel for
Mr*?. Craven. The information he claims
to possess concerning the relations said to
have existed between Mrs. Craven and
Fair, to all of which he is prepared to
testify. Is given as one of the reasons
why Eirapton's actions in the case are
not looked upon as seriously affeciing
Mr». Craven's interests, and is being u«ed
a« an argument to show that there was
no necessity to offer the Sausalito Justice
a bribe to swear falsely to the alleged
marriage ceremony.
Lamborn has made the statement that
shortly after Fair and Mrs. Craven en
tered Into the marriage contract he rmt
them both at the home of the latter. S2J
Sutt^r street, on which occasion Mrs.
Craven introduced Fair as her husban-J.
and that the Senator acknowledged that
the ex-school teacher was his better half
According to the story told by Lam
born It was purely accidental that he dis
covered the secret that the millionaire
was trying to guard with such zeal. Mrs.
Craven had been his school teacher in this
city, and It had been his habit to visit
her whenever he came across the bay. He
called one morning at an unusually ecrly
hour and was told that Mrs. Craven was
still in bed. He was ushered into a room
separated from her sleeping apartment by
folding doors. He had waited but a few
moments when Mrs. Craven opened th 3
doors and appeared in a dressing gown.
She told him to make, himself at hume
until she completed her toilet, j
Fair Was in Her Bedroom.
After she had retired to her bedroom
Lamborn claims that be heard talking in
FAIR ACKNOWLEDGED THAT MRS. CRAVEN WAS HIS WIFE
Attorney Pence Charges That Justice of
the Peace Simpton Is Guilty of Perjury
and . Appeals to the Court to Punish
Him for the Crime.
on the witness stand whenever she called
upon him.
Charles Pence, one of the attorneys for
Mrs. Craven, stated yesterday that it was
true that valuable testimony of the nature
outlined above was expected from Lam
born. *¦ ,
"We are sorry that this is to be made
public," said Mr. Pence. "So many of our
witnesses have been Intimidated or tam
pered with that we are forced to proceed
with the greatest caution. Lamborn.
however. Is a man of courage and we
have no idea that he can be influenced."
Claim Lamborn is Mistaken.
The attorneys for ¦ the Fair estate are
a^vare of the position Lamborn will take
In the case. :They have reports showing
the nature of his testimony. In this con
nection Charles' Fair said:
"We know all about this Lamborn
story and it Is not giving us any worry.
When the time arrives I am sure we can
show that he Is at least mistaken in his
statements.".
Ben F. Lamborn Is one of the best
known young men In the State, having
sprung into prominence . by reason of his
connection with the League of California
Municipalities. He Is now filling his sec
ond term as City Clerk of Alameda. His
testimony is the most important yet men
tioned In connection with the sensational
litigation over the Fair millions. He is
the only one. so far as known, to whom
Fair acknowledged Mrs. Craven as his
wife when she was present.
SAY SIMPTON
WAS PAID TO
"FALL DOWN"
Agents of the Fair Estate Boldly
Accused of Tampering
With WL nesses*
The legal representatives of Mrs. Nettle
R. Craven are not In the least discon
certed over the sensational affidavit of
Justice of the Peace Simpton of Sausa
lito. They claim that the story of the
Sausallto ceremony is true and that Simp-
ton was paid to commit perjury when h«
repudiated under oath the sworn state
ment he had made to them some months
ago. They further assert that Attorney
Sylva has been the traitor In their camp;
that he Daa been "playing both ends
against the middle," to use the sporting
phrase, and was the agent through whom
the honor of the Sausailto Judge was pros
tituted. . .. V -
Criminal prosecution of the principals
In the affair is promised and there arc
threats of proceeda.gs to disbar the at
torneys who have in any way been con
nected with Slmpton's alleged somersault.
Charles Pence, speaking for the firm oC
Pence & Pence of counsel for Mrs.
Craven, gave the version of the affair
which follows:
Sold Charges of Bribery.
"I will say without hesitation that
Slmpton was bribed to make the affidavit
which has produced such a sensation la
the Fair will case. As to whose money
bribed him I am not prepared to say now,
but when the proper time arrives we will
prove our assertions and name the guilty
f>arties. All that I can say at this time
n connection with this feature of the case
Is that Attorney Sylva Is the traitor who
acted as the agent for those who pur
chased Slmpton.
"I spent the better part of last night
trying to save the virtue of this witness
but failed. We have been the victims of
misplaced confidence, so far as Sylva Is
concerned. Up to Thursday evening ho
was aa loyal to us apparently as a man
could be. We placed faith In him and
have paid the penalty.
"As soon as the name of the Justice who
performed the ceremony was made public
Charles Fair kept the wires hot between,
his office and Sausallto until he located
Sylva and got him started to this city
on a private launch. "We heard that Sylva
went direct tc Fair's office, but to disa
buse our mind of any suspicion that he
was engaged in double dealing he told U3
that he had not gone to Fair's office, but
had met Fair and Joe Harvey at John
Farley's saloon. Sylva told us that Fair
and Harvey urged him to use his Influ
ence with Simpton to get him to chango
his statement concerning the marrlago
closely see only one disturbing
factor in the Cape situation and
that is the pressure of the Boers
toward Lord Roberts' line of
supply through the De Aar dis
trict, which was never more im
portant than now. The Boers
under Commandants Delarey
and Gobler are making a persist
ent effort to penetrate to the rail
way. They have pushed General
Clements back to Arundel and
have outflanked him. All are
within sixty miles, or two days'
hard march, of the Central Rail
way. Doubtless Lord Roberts
has left considerable forces along
the line and can send back more
if necessary.
Bombarding Boers.
HEAD LAAGER, near Ladysmlth,
Wednesday, Feb. 14.— The British at
Chieveley have been bombarding the
Boer forces jat Blaauw Kranz, east of
Colenso, since yesterday afternoon, the
ROBERTS FIGHTS THE BOERS.
KIMBEkLEY, THE PLACE RELIEVED BY GENERAL FRENCH.
From a Recent Photograph.
will need to prepare for another
strike.
All over England to-night
there has been evidence of pub
lic joy. In every theater and
public meeting, around the rail
way stations and in the streets
there have been expressions of
gladness and jubilation over the
news. The newspapers are edi
torially rejoicing.
Those who read the news
LONDON, Feb. 16. — A telegram from Portsmouth says
the Admiralty inquiries at the naval ports have resulted in
the assurance that forty-seven additional battle-ships,
cruisers and torpedo boat destroyers could forthwith hoist the
pennant. The Admiralty to-day ordered the ships in the fleet
reserve at Portsmouth to be fully crewed and ready for sea. This
is regarded in some quarters as preliminary to putting the
whole reserve in readiness for commissioning.
bombardment continuing throughout the
night. The Boers responded with rifle
fire. Particulars are lacking.
All is quiet around Ladysmlth.
PRESSURE ON
KIMBERLEY HAS
BEEN REDUCED
LONDON. Feb. 16—9:30 p. m.— The fol
lowing dispatch from General Roberts
fills the gaps in the earlier dispatches:
"MODDER RIVER. Feb. 16.— The Sixth
Division left Waterfall Drift early yester
day morning and marched here, going on
the same evening to Reondeval Drift to
hold the crossing of the Modder River and
leave General French free to act. Shortly
after arriving here the mounted infantry
visited Jacobsdal and found it full of
women and children, with four of our
wounded men doing well.
"On the way back the mounted Infantry
were attacked and nine men were wound
ed. Colonel Henry and Major Hadhell
and ten men were missing. Both officers
were subsequently found at Jacobsdal,
slightly wounded.
"The cavalry division Is movlnsr In a
northerly direction and has apparently
already reduced the pressure on Kimber
ley, as Kekewlch signals that the enemy
has abandoned Alexandersfontein and
that he has occupied it.
"French has advanced as far as Abons«
dam with a slight loss and Is pushing
on the posts, his rear being held by
mounted infantry.
"Clementa having been pressed by the
Boers has retired to Arundel to cover
N'aauwpoort."
The War Office points out that the word
"here" In the foregoing dispatch means
some point on the Modder River, other
than Modder River station.
In an earlier dispatch General Roberts
reported:
"JACOBSDAL. Feb. 16.— 1 hare icood
reason to believe the Magersfonteln
trenches have been abandoned and that
the Boers arc endeavoring to escape. Gen
eral French Is scouring the country north
of Kimberley. One of General Kelly-
Kenny's brigades of infantry la In pur
suit of a large Boer convoy moving to
ward Bloemfontein."
At 11:55 to-night the "War Office Issued
the following from Roberts:
"JACOBSDAL. Feb. 16-7:45 p. m.— Much
gratified on arrival here to find admirable
hospital arrangements made by the Ger
man ambulance corps under Drs. Kaett
ner and Hlldebrand who. with their staffs.
have shown the greatest kindness to our
wounded, as they have to the Boer wound
ed. Some of our wounded have been here
since December. Some were brought In
yesterday."
General French Reports Having
Dispersed the Boers From the
Southern Side of Kimberley.
LONDON, Feb. 16.— The War Office 'has made public a
dispatch from Field Marshal Lord Roberts saying:
"Jacobsdal, Feb. 16. — The following from General
French was received this morning:
"I have completely dispersed the enemy from the southern
side of Kimberley, from Alexandersfontein to Oliphantsfontein,
and am now going to occupy their ground. Have captured the
enemy's laager and store supplies and supplies of ammunition.
Casualties about twenty of all_ranks_,wpunded. . Kimberley
cheerful and well."
LONDON. Feb. 17. 4:45 a.
m. — General Gronje, with a
start of a day or two, is
seemingly in full retreat from
Lord Roberts, moving north
ward. General French, with the
cavalry, simply stayed over night
in Kimberley and then pushed
on to get in touch with the re
tiring enemy. A long Boer
wagon train is moving toward
Bloemfontein. followed presum
ably by a large force of British
infantry. In their hasty depart
ure the Boers lost quantities of
supplies and ammunition.
Military opinion here is that
Lord Roberts will not oush far
after the Boers immediately, be
cause of transport problems and
the need of rest for the troops.
He has to feed seventy thousand
persons in his army and the
whole Kimberley population. He
must rebuild the railway from
Modder River down to Kimber
ley and revictual the latter.
General French lost a few men
only in action, but the forced
marches and heat have probably
made many ill. Numbers of re
mounts must be provided.
Lord Roberts has wrought a
genuine preliminary success and
the impression is that he has
done enough for the present and
FIELD MARSHAL LORD RoBcRiS, the Man Who Plann<
the Campaign for the Relief of Kimberley.
Great Britain Prepared to Show
the Powers of the World a
Big Naval Demonstration.
MAJOR GENERAL FRENCH, the Man Who Executed the
Plan for the Relief of Kimberley.
BIG BATTLE IS NOW IN PROGRESS
GENERAL CRONJE SEEMINGLY IN
FULL RETREAT FROM LORD ROBERTS
MODDER RIVER, Saturday, February 17, 2:30 P. M. Cronje with
a large force retreating from Hooder Laager Modder River, toward
Bloemfontein. Kelly-Kenny now attacking. A big battle on. Rob
erts hurries reinforcements.
BE LAMBORN, A NEW WITNESS IN THE FAIR CASE.
Mr. Lamborn Is the City Clerk of Alameda and is a member of the executive
committee of the League of California Municipalities. In the latter capacity; he
has visited nearly all of the Important cities in the State. He Is a man whose
reputation has never been attacked and his standing in the community gives
additional Importance to the testimony, which he will give in the celebrated case.
VOLTJME JLXXXVH— NO. 79.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
The San Francisco CallAttorney Heggerty of Knight & Heg
gerty, representing- Charles Fair, stated
that he had known of the alleged Slmp
ton conspiracy for the last five months,
and only wanted to ascertain how far
Mrs. Craven would go before they explod
ed the .whole story.
"There Is really nothing to be added to
the story as sot forth in Simpton's affi
davit." said Mr. Heggerty. "I understand
the other side Is claiming that we have
spirited Simpton out of the way. If they
really want to find him they will not have
much difficulty in locating him. He will
be like the hot potato of history, how
ever, for they will be mighty glad to let
go of him after they get him.
"The Sausalito marriage story is con
structed out of whole cloth. It Is an in
teresting fact that in all of Mrs. Craven's
previous testimony she never referred to
it, but always mentioned the contract
ceremony which she claimed took place
at £23 Butter street, In thla city."
PENCE APPEALS
TO THE COURT
TO INTERFERE
Asks Judge Hunt to Take Im
mediate Action to . Stop
Other Conspiracie •
On the opening of Judge Troutfs court
yesterday morning Attorney Laf e Pence,
counsel for Mrs. Craven, appeared before
Judge Hunt, who presided in Judgo
Troutt's absence, and asked the court to
arrange for a night session in which to
consider what he believed to be rank per
jury committed by Judge Simpton of Sau
sallto.
Mr. Pence said that it was evident from
the publication Of an affidavit made by
Simpton, in which' he denied that he per
formed the ceremony uniting James O.
Fair and Nettie R. ; Craven In marriage.
In the face of another affidavit In which
he swore ¦ that he had performed such a
ceremony, that . Slmpton was guilty of
perjury and should be on the road to the
felon's home across the bay.
"This matter is of vital Importance,"
said Mr. Pence, "and In order that other
schemes by. which this. man may be al
lowed to escape the penalty for his mis
deeds may be prevented the court should
not delay, but should forthwith order all
of the lawyers, all of the heirs; all of the
witnesses and all of the claimants into
court that the party committing the per
jury might be punished and the con
spirators who caused him to disregard his
oath first given be exposed and made
amenable to the In ir ''TTNGtlPTTolMilli! 1 ..' '-
¦In the absence of Judge Troutt Judge
Hunt said that he did not feel at liberty
to take the matter up and suggested that
the attorney delay action until Monday,
when the Presiding Judge of - the court
would be in attendance.' :::! , . . --.-.
'Mr. "Pence then left the 'courtroom 'in
search of the District Attorney, whom he
did not find.
Prof. Phelps was born in Connecticut and graduated in medicine at Yale. His unusual tal-
ent soon brought him 'reputation antl prominence among his professional brethren. First he was
elected to the professorship; of anatomy and surgery in the Vermont , University. Next he was
appointed lecturer on materia medica and medical botany in Dartmouth College. The next year
he .was chosen professor of the chair then vacated by Prof. Robby, and occupied the chair, the
most important one in the country, at the time when he first formulated his most remarkable
prescription. . ;
Prof. Phelps has given to his profession in Paine's Celery Compo.und a positive cure for ,
sleeplessness, wasting strength, dyspepsia, biliousness, liver complaint, neuralgia, rheumatism, [
all nervous diseases and kidney troubles. It is the only specific recognized and prescribed to-day
•by the best physicians for diseases arising from a debilitated nervous system. For such complaints .
Paine's Celery Compound succeeds again and again where everything else fails. No remedy was
ever so highly recommended. Read our testimonials, because no other remedy ever accom-
plished SO* much.
Paine's Celery Compound sustains vitality, keeps the
body healthy and free from nervous exhaustion and pain.
bayonet*, however, bearing the Impreta of
Bangulnary conflict with their foes.
"Colonel Conyngham was shot through
the heart at the outset of the engagement.
The enemy chose the time of the mocn's
setting for the onslaught. Out of live
colonial officers only one returned to
camp.
"A strategic and concentratlve move
back to Arundel has been decided upon.
Our guns from Koicskop have been satelv
removed, one Maxim being destroyed to
prevent Its falling into the hands of the
enemy. Nine wounded officers and thirty
five men were brought into the Naauw
poort field ' hospital. Our death roll at
present is not known."
Barbed Wire Barrier.
LONDON, FebJ 17.— The Pietermatltz
burg correspondent of the Daily Mail, un
der date of February 15, says:
"There .are indications of a decisive
move at Colenso. 1 hear that the. Beers
rely on their intrenchments and barb.nl
wire entanglements along the principal
roads to check Lord Roberts' progress in
the, l Free-State. The roads to LadysmUh
are studded with these formidable bar
riers. ¦ .••,••{=•.' "* -
"A British scouting column blew up the
contents of the magazine at Kkandlila,
Zululand, to -prevent it falling into the
hands of_ the Boers. The magazine' con
tained a 'large supply of dynamite and
ammunition."
Followed by Boers.
ARUNDEL, Feb. 14.— General Clements
withdrew from Rensberg during the
night, his rear guard arriving at Arundel
early this morning. The Boers promptly
followed. reoccupying their old position
in the Taaibosch hills, whence they have
been shelling the British cavalry pa
trols, but Ineffectually. The British guns
returned the fire, making fairly accurate
practice.
Duel at Mafeking
PRETORIA. Feb. 16.-A smart rifle and
artillery duel took place at Mafeking on
February 12. There was no Boer loss. .The
British attacked Fort Eloff, south of Ga
berones, at daybreak, February 12, and
the Johannesburg men, under Vondelwcitr,
forced the British to retire, leaving six
dead and four wounded on the field. Cap
tain Friend was among the killed. The
Boers suffered no casualties.
Two Companies Lost.
LONDON* Feb. 17.— The Times has tho
following dispatch from Arundel, dated
Wednesday:
"Two. companies of the; Wiltshlres that
were on outpost duty failed to join the
force before the { retirement from ' Rens
berg, and their absence not being noted
on parade they.-, were eventually cut off."
' ? •
Cables for Kimberley.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16. — The Commer
cial Cable Company this afternoon sent
out the following notice: "We are ad
vised that telegrams can now be accepted
for Kimberley, South Africa, at sender's
risk, and not exceeding twelve words."
French in Kimberley.
LONDON, Feb. 17.— The Standard pub
lishes the following dispatch from We
drawal, dated Thursday at midnight:
"Official news hag been received here
that French arrived at Kimberley to-d.\y
and dined at the club this evening."
Evaded the Warships
CAPE TOWN. Feb. 15. — The Ameri
can ship Seawith; Captain Howes, from
Wallaroo, Decemljer 3, ' has arrived at
Lourenzo Marquei with 800 tons of flour.
She evaded , the British, warships until
within the three-mile limit.
Alarm at Naauwpoort.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 15. — There is con
siderable alarm at Naauwpoort owing to
a report that a Boer force has occupied
a position on a hill eight miles off that
town.
i mltted to fetch water from a neighboring
farmnouse. The ambulance then retired
and the Boers rushed out of concealment
and cut off the water party. The prison
ers included an officer.
Cl<:::eral Frerch now holds both the
Modder r.i-d Riet rivers between the
I?ocrs at M<i.*ersfontcin and their bai<? at
Bloemftintein. Throughout the march tre
Free State farms were respected, but
their owners almost Invariably fled, tak
ing their effects. The health of the trcops
is excellent, but sickness is predlent
among the horses and a plentiful supply
of. remounts will be required.
OUTSIDE JACOBSDAL. ORANGE
FREE STATE, Thursday. Feb. 15.-Ja
cobsdal is now In possession of the Brit
ish. .Yesterday a small cavalry patrol
entered the place and found it full of
wounded, including several British from
Rensberg. The place was occupied by
only a small force, which fell back before
the patrol after a series of small skir
mishes. A battery of artillery shelled the
environs and drove out the last of the
Boers.
Early this morning a large force of
Boers from Colesbergr, with ten guns, at
tacked a convoy of 200 wagons at the Riet
River, shelling vigorously and doing dam
age. But etrong reinforcements have
been sent hence and it is hoped they will
bring in the whole convoy in safety.
General French's division seized three
drifts on the Modder River. At the third
drift the Boers were fairly strongly en
trenched. General French bombarded
them and drove them off. j To-day he
moved rapidly in the direction of Kimber
ley.
The Boers have left Alexandersfontein,
which the British now occupy.
General Roberts is In excellent health
and spirits. The hardship and rapid
marching appear to agree with the whole
army, who are in splendid spirits under
the leadership of "Bobs."
The road between Modder 'River and
Jacobsdal is now open. The distance is
only nine miles. The road ' is available
for sending reinforcements and supplies.
When the Boers evacuated Jacobsdal. they
were obliged to pass over a ridge, where
they afforded a specially good mark for the
British guns, which showered shrapnel
upon the retreating enemy. The convoy
which was attacked at Riet River has
been countermanded, but the order did
not arrive In time and the experience was
a very warm one, although the Boers did
little material damage.
As General French, with his strength
ened division, pushed forward toward
Kimberley he found the beleaguered Boers
deserting their disposition at Alexanders
fontein, thus allowing: a portion of the
Kimberley garrison to occupy and en
trench the Place.
HORSE AND MULE
MEAT NOW EATEN
AT LADYSMITH
LONDON, Feb. 16.— The correspondent
of the Associated Press at Ladysmith,
from which place he escaped : February
10 and arrived at Durban February 14,
sends the following, written before he
left Ladysmith:
Since the furious cannonade in the early
part of the week quietness has reigned. The
hills on which the relief column's lyddite shells
were bursting in hundreds a few days pre
viously are now only occupied by grazing cat
tle. Farther away on the north side of Spion
Kop the Boer laagers can be seen, evidently
bigger than before, showing that they have
no Idea at" present of retiring from that po
sition.
Much disappointment in felt at the non
appearance of General Buller. as from the
severity of the fire every heart was glowing
with hope and excitement at the prospect of
immediate relief; rot that we are at all In the
blues, for every one capable of shouldering a
rifle Is confident in our ability to hold the
town against any force the Boers are capable
of putting In the field. Still, the continued
diet of "horse and mule flesh is getting some
what • monotonous, although the health of the
camp, taking everything into consideration, is.
better that! could be expected. Enteric fever
and dysentery have abated. The camp fever
is not virulent, but is slightly increased.
The scarcity of vegetables in very trying to
the troops and they are luxuries beyond the
means of the majority. Eggs are 36 shillings
a dozen, a small fowl Is 18 ehilllngB 6 pence;
pumpkins. 12 shillings each; a tin of Jam, 12
shillings 6 pence; a tin of milk, 7 shillings 6
pence; a box of sardines, 3 shillings; tobacco,
90 shillings a pound. A case of whisky was
raffled for £145.
The Boers are smuggling tobacco Into camp
through natives. A local factory Is turning
out excellent horse sausages and another Is
making nourishing soup, which la much ap
preciated by the troops, who certainly have
increased in strength since these were served
out. - "-
The escape of ? the correspondent was
most adventurous and arduous. Leaving
Ladysmith on the evening of February
10, guided by a native, he soon encoun
tered a Boer patrol, who fired upon him.
Escaping the patrol he crawled twenty
two miles of the roughest and stoniest
paths, hiding In native huts and kraals
during the day and proceeding at night.
Once a Boer patrol came to the door of
the hut where he was hiding under blank
ets. He swam the' Tugela River and
reached Chleveley on the morning of
February_ 13, where he took the. train for
Durban. '-. ¦ .
HOUSE PASSES
SUPPLEMENTARY
ARMY ESTIMATES
LONDON, Feb. 16.— "While the House of
Commons was on supplementary army es
timates to-day the Liberal leader, Sir
Henry Carapbell-Bannerman, after reaf
firming the intention of the Liberals to
do anything necessary' for a" successful
prosecution of the war, said the one thing
dominating the debate was the suspicion
that compulsory service was- projected. He
did not believe the Government intended
this, but. the intention of the Premier was
another matter." , Conscription by ..ballot,
he declared, was a . combination . of press
gang and roulette,, which was a very un
dignified way of increasing 1 the strength
which Great Britain mortgaged In her en
deavor to be before her neighbors in every
part of the world. She is now, he conclud
ed, reaping the fruits of this policy. '
The Government leader. Mr. Balfour, re
plied that no amount of effort could
make Lord Salisbury's speech appear to
favor conscription. Another speaker in
the House of Lords, he asserted, had re
ferred to compulsory service, but he was
a former colleague of Sir Henry Camp
b<=il-Hannerman. Mr. Balfour, continuing,
said he would gladly welcome some spe
cial suggestion, but had waited vainly for
Sir Henry to suggest a method of meeting
the heavy military responsibilities. The
speaker congratulated Sir Henry on es
caping the fault which had not been
avoided by some Important people in the
other house. Sir Henry Campbell-Banner
man had shown no panic and had not,
in tones of trembling emotion, told them
the country was endangered unless it
mobilized the fleet. He had taken a saner
view of the position. Doubtless there was
one great and unexpected difficulty which
the Government would endeavor to re
trieve as rapidly as possible, but the po
sition did not justify tones of panic, least
of all from ihc noble lord who had and
deserved to have the right to lead pub
lic opinion. ?L::? L: : #¦*'
Finally the House passed the supple
mentary army estimates— £lJ,ooo,ooo— by
213 votes against 32.
The vote was carried under the closure
and amid violent protests from the Irish
benches against its application, while
several amendments remained unconsid
ered. W. Redmond exclaimed:
"This whole proceeding is most Irregu
lar.' It Is disgraceful.'
John Redmond, the Irish leader, in a
scene of continuing excitement, moved to
report progress, declaring that the first
Lord of the Treasury, Arthur J. BaJfour,
would facilitate the bill by resting con
tent with obtaining £13.000.000 by closure.
After a hot discussion this motion was
rejected by 231 votes against 40.
•
SEVERE FIGHTING
ON BOTH FLANKS
NEAR RENSBERG
LONDON-, Feb. 17.— The Dally Tele
praph has the following dispatch fnm
Naauwpoort, dated February 13 and de
layed in transmission: ?.-':-,¦
"Very severe fighting occurred on both
our flanks near Rensberg-. The enemy
greatly outnumbered our troops, being
about 4000 in number. They attacked the
Worcestershire regiment on their hill ar>d
with desperate determination charged
home, only to experience such a heavy
Maxim and rifle fire from our men tlmt
the death roll of the assailants must have
been considerable.
"A patrol of the Innlskilling Dragoons
was surrounded by some 500 Boers and
gallantly cut its way through without
losing a man, but a company of New
South Wales mounted infantry was un
fortunately annihilated, most of the men's
Stopa the Coufth and Works Off the Cold
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets cure a cold
In one day. No cure, no par- Price Be.
PRINCE MURA, THE
ACROBAT, A SUICIDE
Despondent Over the Death of His
Wife, Known on the Stage as
Julia West
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— Prince Mura. 33
years old, an acrobat, committed suicide
to-night in his room at the Trafalgar
Hotel in this city by inhaling gas t&rough
a tube. The' man's wife died at St.
Joseph's Hospital for Incurables of con
sumption early In the week and since her
death he acted ' strangely. She was a
singer and played the vaudeville circuits
under the name of Julia West. Prince
Mura came from Havana ten years ago.
He ranked nigh as an acrobat and hand
balancer and played at all \he principal
vaudeville houses In this and other Amer
ican cities. • . ¦ . --:. -.-' .
44 He Liveth Long
That Liveth Well."
He that maintains " the perfect circula-
tion of pure blood in a sound organism,"
or in other <words. good health, may live
both long and *weU. A great multitude of
people gladly testify thai Hood's S*rs&pa.-
rUIjL has cured their diseases, given them
good health. And lengthened their lives.
Scrofula — "€My boy suffered <wiih
scrofula tvhen young. Two bottles of
Hood's Sarsapan'Ua cured him. He is no*w
ten. Our physician advised its use. We
ahvays recommend it. emrs. E. C.
Clipper, 8 Kidder St., Cleveland, Ohio.
Be sure to get Hood's, because
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Headache
Stomach
A Serious Disorder-How to
Overcome It.
Nature's Own Remedy, Hudyan,
Will Promptly Relieve and Cure.
Headaches are due to digestive disor-
ders In nearly all Instances. There is no
111 that Is the source of a greater decree
of dlncomfort In the human race than
headache. Pain Is a warning that the
system Is the subject of some Injurious
Impression. In the case of headache it
points to the stomach as the seat of dls-
oriier.
In consequence of debility or a chronic
citarrhal condition of the stomach there
1? not the proper secretion of the digest-
ive solvents, and the result Is Indigestion.
The great nerve that controls the stom-
ach has Its origin In the brain; thus on«
may readily understand the Intimate con-
nection of the two organs and why any
overwork or derangement *of one will
manifest symptoms In the other organ.
Hudyan will cure all stomach disorders
and nerve disorders: therefore It will euro
headache. If you suffer, then, you have
yourself to blame. The remedy Is at your
disposal.
Dyspepsia Induces biliousness and con-
stipation, causes a rush of blood to the
head, creates Insomnia and nervousness.
Dyspepsia makes people cross and Irrita-
ble; It makes people thin and pale. Hud-
yan will overcome all these symptoms,
because it corrects their cause. Hudyan
enriches the blood and strengthens th*
liver and kidneys In order that all Impuri-
ties may be filtered from the blood. Hud-
yan cures all stomach, liver, kidney, heart
and nervous diseases.
Hudyan Is for sale by drugrsrtsts, 50c a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan.
send direct to the Hudyan Remedy C<y.
cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market streets.
San Francisco, Cal..
T CONSULT Consult Fre« th«
I FREE. I Hudyan Doctors. Call
? ? or write to them.
ceremony. Me told us that he refused to
enter Into such a deal; that he stated to
Fair that Simpton was an honest man,
and that money would not tempt him.
They told him in return that they knew
he could influence Simpton. that he would
have to do it and that the Justice could
name his own price for falling down on
the marriage story.
Sylva Played the Traitor.
"Sylva seemed very solicitous for Simp
ton's safety, especially after the Barling
affair, so we provided the Justice with
quiet quarters and hired a couple of
guards to protect him.
"Sylva came to us again Thursday aft
ernoon about 6 o'clock. He was very
much excited and told a story to the ef
fect that he had learned that the Fair
people had sent for the wife of Simpton-r
who had been separated from him for
some time— and were trying to get her to
cause serious trouble for her husband be
fore he could give his testimony in the
trial now in progress. This trouble was to
be of such a nature that it would destroy
the force of his evidence. He. said that
he would like to tell Simpton about it and
asked ua to disclose his whereabouts. -We
were thrown completely : oft our guard
by his frankness and we took ¦ him
to Simpton'a room at •• Geary and
Mason streets. When" we entered Sylva
led Simpton aside and i whispered a few
words to him. We supposed he was tell
ing him of his domestic troubles and did
not give the occurrence much thought.
Sylva remained but a few minutes and
went away. We followed in a short time,
leaving Simpton with his two guards.
Simpton Stolen From His Guard.
¦ "Subsequently we learned that Sylva
had been closeted In Fair's office during
the entire day before he came to us. We
had. left Slmpton but a few minutes when
Sylva returned and told the guard that
he and Slmpton would go to the Alham
bra Theater for the evening. The guard
wanted to accompany therru but Sylva
said that there would be no danger, as he
could protect Simpton from any of the
thugs that the Fair people could hire.
They finally agreed that the guard should
meet them at the entrance to the theater
at the close of the performance. It was
not until after they had left that the
guard became suspicious that something
was wrong, and notified us at once. We
searched the town from that time until
3 o'clock the .following morning, but could
not find Simpton, and believe now that
he has been liurrled out of the country.
We have- evidence, that within half an
hour after he left his rooms he was at
the home of Judge Hunt swearing to the
sensational affidavit which made. Its ap
pearance this morning.. When we left
Sylva- he made an appointment •to meet
us at our office at 9 o clock this morning.
It is unnecessary to state that he did not
keep the appointment; and that .we, have
seen or heard nothing. of, him since.
Principals ."Will ..Be. Prosecuted.
"The matter will not drop at this stage
so far as our side is concerned. It is our
lntentlonto prosecute not only the man
¦who' sold out his testimony, but every
man, agent or attorney who has attempt
ed to"' interfere with the honest, free- and
fair trial of this" case. "-Disbarment 'pro
ceedings will be one of the outcomes."
EVILS RESULTING
FROM EXPANSION
Senator McEnery Points
Out Dangers.
CHEAP LABOR COMPETITION
? - i ¦'•".
AMERICAN PRODUCERS -WTLL
SUFFER.
Louisiana Statesman Suggests Re
clamation of Arid Lands Instead
of Spending Millions in the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.—Considera
tion of the financial measure having been
concluded, discussion of the Philippine
question was resumed in the Senate to
day. McEnery (DD of Louisiana strongly
opposed the permanent acquisition of the
islands and believed the United States
ought to relinquish them as soon as the
authority of this country had been assert
ed. Stewart took a pronounced position, in.
favor of the admission of the products of
the Island possessions of the United States
free of duty.
The bill providing a form of government
for the Territory of Hawaii was read, but
beyond thai formality nothing was done,
with it.
McEnery's speech was In support of
Bacon's resolution declaring the policy of
the United States toward tho Philippine
Islands. On the fields of Luzon, he said,
cotton and rice as tine as grown In any
part of this country could be produced.
Those products would be brought to this
country In competition with those grown
here. The growth of cotton in Luzon by
the cheap and degraded labor to be had
there would Interfere with the:establish
ment of cotton mills in the South and
New England. He declared itiWoud have
been well if Admiral Dewey/ had sailed
away from Manila after his famous vic
tory and left the Filipinos and Spaniards
to fight out their own differences.
McEnery said the sums we "were ex
pending In the Philippines would easily re
claim the arid lands of the West and the
now useless lands of the Mississippi Val
ley. He* opposed expansion and said he
believed that God woud solve the prob
lem by destroying the Inferior races. He
thought, however, the Government should
establish its authority in the Philippines
before withdrawing. McEnery compli
mented the efforts of the President to es
tablish civil government' on the islands.'
..Stewart .'followed 'McEnery with 'a
speech. in which he discussed . what dispo
sition should be made by Congress, not
only of the Philippines but also of tho
BONDSMAN FALLS DEAD
WHEN TOLD OF SHORTAGE
LINCOLN*. Nebr.. Feb. 16.-Frank G.
Simmons. Postmaster at Seward, Nehr..
was arrested and brought to- Lincoln this
evening- charged with a. shortage of $3830.
Simmons, who has long been prominent
In State politics, admlttrd his shortage.
David Figard. one of Simmons* bondsmen,
when informed of the shnrtasre and a»k#d
to take charge of the office, dropped dead.
othpr Island possessions of the United
States. He said:
The absurd charsre that there Is any intention
on the nart of the present administration or
the Republican or Democratic party to govern
the Philippines or any other territory which we
have acquired or may acquire as colonies by the
ptrong arm of the military power is entirely
without foundation. I am aware of th# sutcps
tlon of an impost duty upon the products of
Porto Rico, which, of course, would be one or
the worst forms of a colonial policy. This tug
freßtlon is pregnant with evil and if carried
out would furnish substantial groundwork for
the chars'" of imperialism. It would be too
much like the exactions which Imperial Rome
made upon her conquered provinces, and it
mtsht furnish a parallel tr> some extent of the
imperial policy of monarchical countries In re
cent (Imis. I am glad the President, of the
United States has not made that mistake.
Reading of the Senate bill to provide a
government for the island of Hawaii was
then bejrun. The disagreement of the
House to the Senate amendments to th»
financial bill was reported and Senators
Aldrich, Allison and Jones (Arkansas)
were appoined conferees.
The appointment of McMillan of Michi
gan as a member of the Committee on
Celebration of the Establishment of the
District of Columbia was announced.
ANTI-POLYGAMY REPORT.
House Committee Favors a Constitu
tional Amendment.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The House
Committee on Election of President and
Vice Pre9tdent to-day submitted a report
in favor of a joint resolution for a con
stitutional amendment disqualifying po
lygamlsts for election as Senators or Rep
resentatives in Congress and prohibiting
polygamy and polygamous association be
tween the sexes. The report says this
amendment to the constitution Is designed
to remove all doubtful construction of the
law and to effectually provide a means of
extirpating the evils of polygamy by mak
ing it unlawful in any place. It refers to
the Roberts controversy and says that
while the decision of the House estab
lishes a precedent it is not one of abso
lutely binding force so a constitutional
enactment is desirable.
FAIR ACKNOWLEDGED THAT
MRS. CRAVEN WAS HIS WIFE
Continued from First Page.
Boy Killed by a Train.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 16.— Foster Shaw,
a fourteen-year-old boy. while playing in
the railroad yard this afternoon attempted
to jump on a moving freight train, lost
his foothold, rolled under the train and was
instantly killed. The body caught on a
brakebeam and was dragged a distance of
two blocks before the train could be
stopped.
Discovered and First Prescribed ?
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND I
Special IMsrateh to The CaJl.
CAIX HEADQT'ARTERS, WELL
INGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON.
Feb. 16.— Secretary Hay has deter
mined to make an investigation for
the purpose of ascertaining what
truth there is in the assertion of
Charles E. Macrum that the British cen
tor at Durban opened his mail while he
was Consul at Pretoria. The British Gov
ernment, It is understood, has been
acquainted with the desire of Secretary
Hay to ioarn the facts and it is erpected
It will call upon the British censor at
Purban for an explanation. To furtlrsr
clinch the matter it may be deemed ex
pedient to call upon Mr. Kollis. who has
just been relieved at Pretoria by Consul
Hay, to report if he ever had an experi
ence of the kind reported by Mr. Macrum.
Upon receipt of this information the au
thorities will be In a position to reply to
any resolution of inquiry that may be
adopted by Congress based upon Mr.
Macrum's allegations. The authorities
liave completed their examination of all
«>f Mr. Macrum's reports and they declare
they have found sb«olutely no mention of
liis mall having been opened by the een
eot. Had he reported such an occurrence
it is stated that Immediate action would
have been taken by the department,
'which would have prevented any repeti
tion. The authorities say that the official
mail of the I'nited States Consul should
not be tampered with by the military cen
por" and certaintly such action would re
mit in vigorous protests from the State
I Apartment. . .
So far as Mr. Macrum's innuendo re
epecting the alliance with Great Britain
is concerned, the authorities say they are
roady to refute it now if necessary. As
s-tated yesterday, the British Government
intimated to the I'nited States its willing
ness to enter into an alliance, but the au
thorities declined to listen to the intima
tion and there the matter stopped. Xo
formal propositions were made for the
reason that this Government's attitude in
dicated it could not consider them.
BOERS REPORT
QUITE A HEAVY
BRITISH LOSS
PRETORIA. Feb. 15.— An official dis
patch from Colesberg sayß that fighting
was resumed on Tuesday, February 13.
and that the British had sixty killed and
wounded and lost eighty captured. The
Federal forces had no casualties during
the fight
PRETORIA. Feb. 16.— The Transvaal
Government has made public the follow
ing official dispatch:
"Yesterday at Kondeval Drift, in the
neighborhood of Jacobsdal. the Federal
troops were engaged in a severe fight with
2000 British, who were trying to reach
Kimberley. Commandant Delarey con
tinued the engagement until this morning,
the Federal casualties being five wounded.
After another two hours of hard fighting
it is reported that the British retired,
leaving Colonel Henry dangerously
wounded. Colonel Henry, with his ser
vant, was taken to Jacobsdal."
FRENCH FOUGHT
BOERS ON WAY
TO KIMBERLEY
RIET RIVER. Orange Free State, Feb.
34. — General French, •with a cavalry di
vision and a strong: artillery detachment,
left Sunday morning for Rambam. twelve
milep east cf Enslin, where the whole di
vision rnnf-ent rated. The n«»Jct day he
martp a rapid march to Riot River, where
a party of Boers contested his passage at
IVkiH Rn<2 Waterfall drifts. After some
hours' fihellinsr Oen^ral French- drove the
Boer* away and crossed the .river,'yes
terday (Tuesday) the <o]umn continued Jts
march to Klip and Romdaval drifts, on the
Modder River, where again a short engago
rnent ensued. General French shelling the
Boers vigorously and forcing a passage.
The Boer 6 precipitately retired, leaving
fl\-e laagers in the hands of the Brit sh
besides a quantity of cattle and 2000 sheep.
The rapidity of General French's march
and the overwhelming nature of his force
enabled him. in epite of the difficulties of
water transportation, to thoroughly out
wit and 6urprise the Boers. The British
casualties were slight.
Colonel Hannay, while on his way to
Rambam. encountered 500 Boers with two
guns holding a kopje commanding the val
ley leading to the drift. The fighting
lasted all day long and the Boer* disap
peared <2urir.<? the nig-ht. Thirteen men
reported rr;isj-irK from Hannay's force are
j;iisonors. Th«-y were captured treacher
ously duririK the fight. Th«»y were tn
fornitd that an agreement had b»en
reaches] between the British officer iom
rjaiidlrg the extreme left and the com
mandant of the Boer ambulance that half
a eoH"P»H> of the British should be per-
MACRUM'S COMPLAINT AGAINST THE
BRITISH CENSOR TO BE INVESTIGATED
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
Prof. E. E. Phelps, M. D., LL. D.,
2
FRENCH'S MOUNTED INFANTRY SCOUTING.PBI.TTI.'iX
F- C- HUOBESi til Fansoma »t.. S. F.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. J3LYTH. Msr.
ft «it CMITH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
V- n- oillllUt and Ship Work a Sp«-ialty. 16
and 18 Washlneion et. Telephone Main 6C41.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Maihl
on Application.
FROM PARIS TO
VLADIVOSTOK IN
FOURTEEN DAYS
Siberian Road Will
Shorten Time.
Staying at the Palace, where they went
after arriving in the city on the Coptic
from the Orient, are R. Nagelmachers,
assistant general manager, and O. Roditl,
chief engineer of the International Euro
pean Sleeping Car Company.
These two gentlemen are on their way
to Europe from Siberia, where they have
been for some time past attending to the
interests of their company on the line ot
the great Trans-Siberian Railway. They
go now to Paris, where they will take
charge of a panorama which will exhibit
the best of the scenery on the Siberian
ilne irom St. Petersburg to Vladivostok.
The panorama will be arranged so that
those enjoying It will imagine that they
are seated in a train going over the long
route through Asia. The scenes, which
are being arranged by two of the great
scenic artists or .France, will be made to
revolve around a stationary car In which
the spectators will be seated, thus giving
one the impression of being in a rapidly
moving train which is passing througn
the country observed from either side of
the coach. At dllferent points on the
route the train will apparently stop at
little villages, where refreshments will be
served by natives of those far-away parts
'of the world, who are now en route via
th<» Suez canal to join Mr. Nagelmachers
In Paris. ,
The whole scheme is one of great nov
elty and should prove a great success,
particularly as it will show much of the
topography of a country which for both
commercial and military reasons is at
present attracting a great deal of atten
tion throughout the entire world.
Speaking of the Siberian Railway Mr.
Nagelmachers said yesterday that it was
now possible to travel from Paris to
Vladivostok In twenty days, and when
the road Is completed this time will be
reduced to about a fortnight.
The present route is from Paris to St.
Petersburg, thence a distance of about
7000 miles to Irkutsk, where a trip of
forty miles is taken across Lake Baikai
by boat. Connecting with the rails on the
other side at a point named Mlssowia the
tourist makes another trip of 1000 miles to
Stretensk, which is at present the eastern
terminus of the road. Then comes a
seven days' trip down the river Amoor to
Haborovska. where tho rails are again
employed for a COO-mlle run, which brings
the traveler to Vladivostok and his Jour
ney's end.
The entire plan of th» line when com
pleted embraces a branch beginning at
Tchlta. which will run In a southeasterly
direction through Manchuria, terminating
ADVEHTISEETEIJTS.
FARMERS INSTITUTE.
Good Attendance on the Opening Day
at Hanford.
Special IMsratch to The Call.
HANFORD, Feb. 18.— The Kings County
Farmers" Institute met in Hanford to-day
for a two days' session. Professors Fow
ler and Haynes of the State University
were present and delivered two addresses.
President Young of the Chamber of Com
merce delivered an address of welcome.
There was a large attendance at both th«
morning and afternoon sessions and much
interest was aroused by the gentlemen
who addressed the assemblage. At noon
a free banquet was served.
Professor Fowler was the first speaker
at the morning session, and he took as
his subject the educational and social
value of farmers' organizations. The
speaker said that Kings County was ona
of the richest counties In the State, and
all she needed to keep her to the front
was for the farmers to organize and learn
how best to farm and market their prod
ucts. Professor Haynes' subject was
"Tilling Soil." He claimed that a farmer
had to exercise every day more common
sense than a man in any other business;
that a farmer rould not follow any pre
scribed rule, but good Judgment and long
practice ¦were what he needed.
The Chamber of Commerce took hold
to make this Institute a success, and tho
Increased attendance over other Institutes
shows that Its efforts were well directed.
Funeral of Mrs. Sinex.
PACIFIC GROVE. Feb. 16.— The funeral
of Mrs. Slnex. widow of the late Dr.
Thomas H. Slnex. took place from the
Methodist Episcopal church In this city
at 2:30 p. m. to-day, a large number of
friends as well as delegations from the
various church and philanthropic organi
zations of which deceased was a mem
ber being present. The funeral services
were conducted by Rev. Dr. W. C. Gray.
pastor of the Methodist church of this
city, assisted by Rev. Dr. Thomas Filben.
Superintendent of Pacific Grove; Rev.
George Clifford of Watscnville, and Rev.
A. 11. Needham of Salinas.
Improved Train Service.
PORTLAND. Feb. 16. - General Pas
senger A cent Charles S. Fee of th«
Northern Pacific Railway, who la In Port
land to-day, announced that beginning
April 29 the Northern Pacific will estab
lish a double dally passenger train serv
ice between Portland, Puget Sound and
St. Paul. The new train, which will
carry an observation car. will be known
as the "North Coast Limited." In con
nection with the Northern Pacific the
Burlington on the ?ame date will Inaugu
rate a through service between St. Louis
and Puget Sound and Portland, via Bill
ings. Mont.
rtOST DRAMATIC DENUNCIATION IN MOLINEUX DEFENSE
Mrs. Molineux smiled, sadly enough, when Bhe heard Mr. Osborne declare
that she could have been placed on the witness stand In her husband's behalf.
She was sitting by the defendant's side, with her hand in his, petting him and
occasionally whispering In his ear. She had greeted him with a lingering kiss.
His parents sat by her, listening to the prosecutor's arraignment.
"Reputation for the son of such a father should be more than life," ex
claimed Mr. Osborne, extending his hand toward General Molineux. "Gatllng
guns at that door could not keep out tho witnesses of an Innocent man under
such an accusation."
ROMANTIC
JOURNEY IN
THE NORTH
Lovers Travel Thousands of
Miles to Meet and
Marry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Feb. 16.— Lata advices from
Dawson record the romantic marriage of
J. B. Wlngate. In charge of the United
States mall route on the Lower Yukon, to
Miss Amele Purcelle of San Francisco.
The young lady started down the river
over the ice. expecting to go to Tanana.
but upon arriving at Eagle City realized
the almost Impossible tasl; 3he had at
tempted.
She then dispatched a letter to her lover
and he mushed it to Kagle City, where the
couple were united In mairiage on Jan
uary 19. In company with her husband
the bride soon after left for Lower Yukon
points. Over 3800 miles were covered, by
the loving couple ere they met.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ZUh^ZZ
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its GRKEN
RIVER COI..LIEJUES. is the Best Coal la the
market. O.'flce and Yards— lSO Mala ctreet.
Death of General Williams.
HARRISBURG, Pa.. Feb. 16.— General E.
C. ¦Williams, who served with distinction
in the Mexican and! Civil wars and raised
the flag on' the citadels of Chapultepec
and the City of Mexico, died to-day at
bis home In Chapman, aged S3 years. .
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
»«»£!« PARTRIDGE 11 *
Poll Tax Levied.
MONTEREY, Feb. 18.— The Board of
Supervisors at its last meeting passed an
ordinance, to levy a road poll tax of $2
upon all male Inhabitants of the county
between 21 nnd 55 years who are residents
In the district where road improvements
are in progress. The usual exception of
soldiers honorably discharged from the
United State» army between the years of
ISCI and 1565 Is a provision of the new or
dinance. V ;
I* W\ KN'APP, M.D.
How any man may quickly cure himself
after years of suffering: from sexual weak-
ness, lost vitality, nightly losses, varico-
celo, etc., and enlarge small weak organs
to full size and vigor. Simply send your
name and address to Dr. L. W. Knapp.
1373 Hull Bldg.. Detroit, Mich., and he will
gladly send the free receipt with full di-
rections so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This is certainly a most
generous offer, and the following extracts
taken from his daily mail show what men
think of his generosity:
"Dear Sir: Please accept my sincere
thanks for yours of recent date. I have
given your treatment a thorough test and
the benefit has been extraordinary. It
has completely braced me un. I am Just
as vigorous as when a boy and you can-
not realize how happy I am."
"Dear Sir: Your method worked beau-
tifully. Results were exactly what I need-
ed. Strength and vipor have completely
returned and enlargement ia entirely sat-
isfactory-"
"Dear Sir: Yours was received and I
had no trouble in making use of the re-
ceipt as directed and can truthfully say
it is a boon to weak men. I am gTeatly
improved In size, strength and vigor."
All correspondence Is strictly confiden-
tial, mailed In plain sealed envelope. The
receipt Is free tor the asking, and b<*
wants every man to have tC -
PAPHK DEALERS.
H'll I 4 MFTTF i' uu> AND paper co..
n ILLAMLI 1C 722 Montgomery gt.
FURS.
I V FflF^Tll) "* Xc *" v "*- "*"•¦*"* "-••«
J. i\» Lul JI4U, cT/et, tov.tt: pr:ce», •errod»lioj.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC PfIVCC *fA FliiPl'lnßr ¦ Butcher*. 104
JA> Dill tJ (I Wl» Clay. Tel. Main 1231.
COAL, COKE AND PJO IRON.
1 T WIT SftY fe C(\ - 00 Eatery Street.
J. lr HlLiUil ff UJ-, Telephone Main ISCI
KEPT NO COMPLETE LOG.
Chief Engineer McDonald Still Tes
tifying in :he Manauense Case.
The chief engineer of the Manauense
was again on the stand yesterday, most
of the time under cross-examination. His
evidence Tevealed a. peculiar state of af
fairs In the engine-room of the transport,
and one which has. not altogether been
accounted for.
He Raid the entries In the log were not
complete and the log had not been kept
up at all on the trip from San Francisco
to Honolulu because the engine-room
clock had stopped and because he was
busy elsewhere, anyway. lie said, too.
he had not recorded any entry of the
stoppages when they had to sto« or slow
down to let the steam accumulate after
they left Honolulu.
The llrst assistant engineer had testi
fied that there had been no repairs made
to the donkey-pump while the vessel was
at Manila, but the prosecution produced
a blllfor $S5 for "repairs to the.donkey
pump," which had been signed by the
chief. He said he had signed the bill
under the idea that it was for $8 50. Coun
sel for the prosecution then demanded if
he did not owe the owners the difference,
and he admitted that he did. Hutton
then came to the rescue and the admis
sion was stricken from the record. ¦ The
chief engineer said he had no clear Idea
of what the repairs to the donkey-pump
consisted.
The witness was asked If he thought
the vessel seaworthy when " she left this
port for Manila, and he said he did, in
every, respect. • He said he had selected
his own men • to man the flreroom and
engine-room and he considered the vessel
fairly well manned.
The investigation - will go on asraJa on
Monday morninnc
PRICE ON THE HEAD OF
A CHINESE REFORMER
Imperial Edict Orders That the
Tombs of Kang Yu Wei's An
cestors Be Desecrated.
PEKING. Feb. 16.— An imperial edict
Just issued commands LI Hung Chang
to desecrate and destroy the tombs of
the ancestors of the Chinese reformer
Kang Yu Wei, and offers 100,000 taels for
the capture of Kang Yu Wei dead or alive.
Though the edict purports to emanate
from the Emperor. It is evidently the
work of the Dowager Empress, whose bit
terness toward the reformers is thus fur
ther evidenced. . •
SUPREME COURT
OWNED BY DALY
So a Montana Witness
Declared.
WASHINGTON', Feb. 16.— The Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
did not resume Its consideration of the
case of Senator Clark of Montana until 2
o'clock to-day. The first witness was
Frederick J. Winston, a New York law
yer, who said he was present In the of
llce of Broker Kerr of New York some
time In November last, when Mark
Hewitt, a witness for the prosecution,
had expressed opinions reflecting upon
the State Supreme Court of Montana In
connection with the Wellcome disbarment
case before that court. Winston said
Hewitt had expressed the opinion that
Wellcome woula be disbarred, "as the Su
preme Court was owned by Mr. Daly."
Hewitt had said also that the general im
pression In Montana was that the Daly
people had supplied the 130,000 used In the
W'hiteside exposure to defeat Clark for
the Senate, but falling in that they were
then using tho money against Wellcome
in the Supremo Court.
In reply to a question from Senator
Chandler Mr. Foster, counsel for Clark,
said that Winston was put on to Impeach
Hewitt's testimony.
Walter Cooper of Bozeman, Mont., who
was one of Clark's supporters In his cam
paign for the Senate, was the next wit
ness, lie testified to having been present
at the meeting of Clark's friends In Butte
In July, 1898. preliminary to entering upon
the campaign. The purpose of the meet
ing was "to break the control of the Ana
conda Mining Company over the affairs
of tho State,' and he had done all he
could In the succeeding campaign to ac
complish the result. Of the seventy-nine
Democratic members of the Legislature,
the Clark people had believed after the
legislative election that fifty would vote
for Clark. He had failed. to get that num
ber owing to the Influence ofuhe Daly in
terest in the Legislature. In the entire
membership of ninety-four the witness be
lieved there were twenty-one or twenty
two who were employed by Daly, or who
were In enterprises in which that gentle
man was Interested, and he gave a Mat of
those so employed.
Cooper said he had been in Helena dur
ing the entire session of the Legislature,
but that he knew of no effort to corrupt
any member of the Legislature in Clark's
behalf. He had expended $200 during the
sitting of the Legislature, the money be
ing used in paying the expense of friends
of Clark who came to Helena to assist in
his campaign for the Senate.
at one end at Peking and at the other at
Port Arthur. Still another leg of this line
will turn to the northeast and run .to
Vladivostok, thus completing an all-rail
line from St. Petersburg to the capital of
China and two points on the eastern sea
coast of the continent.
It is thought that it will take between
two and three years for tho Russians to
completely finish their contemplated un
dertaking.
Mr. Nagelmachers says that even as It
Is the travel over the line Is Immense and
that the road is doing a good business,
particularly with tho Government, for
which it is continually moving great
masses of soldiers toward the frontiers
of the empire.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Send Name and Address To-day— You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
nlsh— lt was not hired by me. Also to the
evidence given by Mr. Kutnow respecting
sample boxes sent around the country by his
firm — none of them came to me. Nor did I
I>ossess at any time any of the Instruments
which appear to have been used in this crime,
and I never for one moment had a murderous
motive. As for the theories which the prose
cution offers I do not think I should be con
victed upon their suppositions or the guesses
they may wish to Jndulge In. I cannot con
ceive, your Honor, how any honest man can
believe the testimony of Nicolas Heckmann,
who convicted me upon an identification which
was for sale.
Yellow Journalism put a price upon my head.
It was an Invitation to every blackmailer,
ever}' perjurer, every rosue, every man wltb
out principle, but with a price, and to that
Invitation - Mr. Heckmann responded. The
handwriting experts who have testified against
me. your Honor, may give their opinion, they
may give their reasons, what they believe,
what they think, but I know that these hands
never t>ut ren to paper to address that poison
package or to write the disputed letters.
Your Honor will not permit us to make men
tion of the great Injustice which Is a mat
ter of history, but experts In handwriting have
made mistakes before and they have repeated
It cere.
Your Honor, all this Is nothing to what Is In
my heart at this moment. Above and beyond
everything else I denounce and despise the
action of the District Attorney In attempting
to vilify and attack the character of the pure
and lovely woman who bears my name. It was
the act of a blackguard. It was a damnable
He. Now, your Honor. I am prepared to hear
you sentence Tie. I am not afraid, because I
am not guilty.
Recorder Goff, in pronouncing sentence,
reminded the defendant that his counsel
had already presented all tho facts to
Molineux and His Wife Listening to the Testimony.
NEW YORK. Feb: 16.-Roland B.
¦Molineux was to-day sentenced to
die In'Singr Sing prison during the
week of ilarch 26 for the murder
of Mrs. Katherine J. Adams. Mr.
Weeks moved for a new trial, on th«
ground that the verdict was contrary to
the law and the evidence. He read ten
grounds for his application for . a new
trial, basing them chiefly on the legal ex
ceptions taken to the evidence and the
rulings of the Recorder. As soon as he
handed In his exceptions Weeks asked
that the defendant be permitted to speak
in his own behalf. To this Recorder Goff
at first demurred, saying that the request
was unusual, but finally, after some dis
cussion with 'Weeks, he ruled that Mol
lneux might be heard. Molineux straight
ened himself up and began:
I thank your Honor. Of the crime for which
I stand convlct«Hl and of still another crime
with which I am charged I am absolutely and
entirely innocent. All of the evidence
The court— You are not charged with any
other crime. ,
The defendant— l supposed that I might refer
to It. since the I>lstrlct Attorney did In his
<ij.4 ninK and closing argument.
The court— Your counsel has attended to all
of t-at matter.
The defendant— Very well, your Honor. All
of the evidence produced here does not point
In the direction of guilt on my part. I refer
especially to the evidence of Miss Miller in
recard to the purchase of that silver bottle
holder. She did not sell it to me. Also to the
evidence of Mr. Koch respecting the letter-box
hired by somebody In the name of Harry Cor-
who is a man to respect the sanctity of the
grief of my afflicted wife and my sorely
afflicted daughter In affection and my daughter
in-law by her marriage to my son— Blanch*
Chesebrouith Molineux. In their behalf, my
friends, gallant comrades of the Grand Army
of tb« Republic, gallant soldiers of the Con
federacy, late foes, but now friends, as well
as all others who resent Injustice and revere
womanhood, I ask you to assist me during my
struggle in the front lines of defense of those,
my best of earthly blessings.
As for mv sons, I trust that they are brave
men. with the strength to live and die bravely.
I have seen my son Roland asleep as a child
by his mother's side; I have seen him asleep
in his cell after the verdict condemning him to
death had been pronounced. Who Is better able
than I. his father, to Judge whether that sleep
was the natural sleep of Innocence? And I
have heard his first words of awakening at the
call of his father, as by reveille, from that
sleep after the verdict. "How is Blanche? How
Is mother?" and before that sad awakening
during all the dreary days of his confinement,
day by day. week by week, month by month,
there has been always that tlrst loving cry from
his lips for "Blanche and mother." Can he be
ruilty of cowardly poisoning? Is It possible?
Can It be? No: I know that he is innocent
as I know that lam alive. • • • Hk e his
father, he has not been faultless, but he has
also had much of the better and kindlier na
ture of his mother. Is he a degenerate and a
vicious person? It Is Impossible and absurd.
Although no lawyer, I have always believed
the American bar Is the purest In the world,
and I still believe and honor and resoect the
bar as such. AVlth this belief it has been Im
possible for me to understand how a member
of that bar, and. In addition, a sworn public
prosecutor, a man educated In an American
college and associating with American men.
could assault by vile Insinuations a woman, the
wedded wife of the defendant.
Let me add one statement In conclusion. The
prosecution stated in public interview that I
was conscious of the guilt of my son. The
assertion Is made unequivocally and must be
answer*. l In like manner. It la absolutely false
and must have been known to him to be false
when he made it. I can conceive of no reason
which could have actuated such a falsehood,
except the consciousness that his own posi
tion needed aDOloev and defense.
My son. Roland Burnham Molineux. Is Inno
cent. I know it, and I ask no sympathy for
him. My only request Is that I may have the
heartfelt tupport of all those who believe in
noble American womanhood as exemplified in
those who bear the famllv name of
EDWARD LESI-IE MOLINEtTX.
the Jury and that the court had but the
one duty to perform.
Directly after sentence had been pro
nounced Molineux was taken back on his
way to the Tombs. Almost before he had
left the courtroom Mr. Battle served no
tice of appeal upon District Attorney Gar
diner and upon the chief clerk.
SING SING. N. V., Feb. IS.— Roland
B. Molineux is now In a condemned cell in
the death house at Sing Sing prison, hav
ing arrived here this afternoon. There
was a curious crowd about the stalon.
Molineux appeared cool and did not seem
to notice the crowd. He was taken at
once to the death house, where he took
leave of his father, his brother and Law
yer Battle, who had accompanied him
from New York. He maintained his won
derful nerve and shook hands with each,
and in parting with his father said:
"Good-by. Governor."
General Molineux bore up bravely, but
showed that he was passing through a
terrible ordeal.
PATHETIC APPEAL OF
THE ELDER MOLINEUX
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— General Edward
Leslie Molineux, the father of Roland Jl.
Molineux, convicted of the murder of
Mrs. Adams and to-day sentenced to
death, has issued a statement from hla
home in Brooklyn to the newspapers of
the country. In which he says:
It has been intimated in some of the news
papers that a fund should be raised for as
sisting the defense of my son. I. should not
allow pride to prevent me from accepting eucn
assistance If It were needed, for the reason
that I should not myself hesitate to offer U
to any person who nteded it and I should never
be ashamed to receive what I Bhould not be
ashamed to offer. But I owe no man a dol
lar and neither n<^A nor desire any assistance
of such a character. I feel, and am, amply
able In health, strength and In the courage
natural to a man, to sustain all the burdens
that Ood has placed upon me until He wills
otherwise. I am rich in the firm belief In
the Justice of Almighty Ood. In the devoted
love and comfort of a noble wife, my sons and
their wives, all united, all certain of the In
nocence of Roland Burnham Molineux and cer
tain that it will be so found in time. I need
for myself no other assistance and no other
comfort or support. But for my household I
do need and I do appeal for the support of the
prayers of all those of every denomination and
of every faith, who, like myself, feel that my
son Is Innocent and the victim of an unjust
persecution. I appeal, moreover, to every man
BITTER DEBATE
OVER PENSIONS
House Members Display
Anger.
PEARRE RAISES A STOfIM
¦
ASSAILS THE VOLUNTEEBS OF
TVTARRAfTH tiiik'f'l'S.
?
Declares That Men Who Never
Smelled Powder Are Now Scur
rying to Get an Income
From Uncle Sam.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 15.— The House to
cay indulged in its annual joke by Etrlk'.ng
from the legislative appropriation bill all
rrovision for the Civil Service Commis
sion. This action is taken each year, in
committee of the whole, where the mem
ben do not go on record, and the pro
vision is then invariably restored when
the bill gets back to the House, where
members have to respond to their names
upon a roil calL The vote to-day upon
striking out was "75 to 67. To-morrow the
House will reverse this action, as usual,
on an aye and no vote.
Most of the time of the House to-day
beyond that occupied In the discussion
of the civil service law was devoted to at
tacks upon the speech made by Sims
(D.) of Tennessee on Wednesday, in
which he furnished some figures of the
Pension Office showing the number of ap
plications for pensions filed by soldiers of
the volunteer regiments engaged in the
Spanish war to show that the Northern
soldiers were much more clamorous in
that regard than the Southern ones, and
attributing this to the debauching of pub
lic sentiment In the North on the pension
question.
Pearre (R.) of Maryland raised the
storm by a reference to those figures and
the statement that hundreds of Massachu
setts soldiers who never smelled powdi-r
had applied for pensions. This brought
out an indignant reply from Fitzgerald
«D-> of Massachusetts, who detailed the
record of the Massachusetts volunteers
in the late war. He was followed by oth
ers who defended the records of the sol
diers from their several States. Hepburn
of lowa vigorously assailed Sims. Consid
erable temper was shown.
When the session opened the announce
ment of the receipt of the currency bill
from the Senate was made, and on mo
tion of Overstreet of Indiana, by unani
mous consent, the Senate amendmeiits
wer disagreed to. The Speaker appointed
Overstreet (R.) of Indiana, Erosius (II.) )f
Pennsylvania and- Cox (D.) of Tennessee
conferees.
The House then went Into committee of
the whole on the legislative appropriation
bill. Pearre (R.) of Maryland vigorously
attacked the appropriation for the Civil
Service Commission and charged that the
departments were full of Incompetents.
When the provision relating to the Civil
Service Commission was reached Pearre
said that if he though; the striking out
of the appropriation would put an end
to the civil service law he would make
the motion. He announced his unequivo
cal opposition to the Jaw. He reiterated
the charges made several days ago that
the departments were full of. incompe
tents.
"Where are they?" asked Fitzgerald
(D.) of Massachusetts.
"Where were they under the old sys
tem?" asked Pearre, replying with a ques
tion.
"Everywhere. There were thousands of
them." replied Fitzgerald. "If the bars
were down now you would have the de
partments crowded with Marylanders.
"Massachusetts need not sneer at
Maryland." retorted Pearre. "A few days
ago a gentleman read a list of hundreds
of Massachusetts soldiers who never
smelled powder during the Spanish war,
but who are already clamoring for pen
sions."
Fitzgerald Indignantly denied that tho
Massachusetts regiments had never
smelled powder In the Spanish War. The
Second Massachusetts, he said, had three
men killed and three officers and forty
one men wounded in the Santiago cam
f>algn. In all, the Second Massachusetts
ost &9 men. the Fifth Massachusetts 55
the Sixth 10S, the Eighth 197 and the
Ninth 130.
"What was the cause of their death?"
asked Wachter (R.) of Maryland.
'••Disease contracted on account of the
inefficiency of the Government," replied
Fitzgeruld hotly, amid applause.
Fitzgerald, continuing, told a harrowing
story of the return home of the Massa
chusetts volunteers, broken and wrecked
by disease. If they had been rendered in
capable of earning a living by the fail
ure of the Government to provide for them
with proper care and sustenance then, he
said,. they were entitled to pensions.
Hepburn (R.) of lowa called attention
to the statement made by Sims on
Wednesday contrasting the records of
eight volunteer regiments in the North
and South, showing that from the former
came 2ZSS pension claims and from the
latter 761. Sims had attributed this dis
parity to the universal pension sentiment
in the North. Hepburn pointed out that
for the purpose of comparison the tables
adduced by Sims were not alike. He was
very caustic In his criticism of Sims' ac
tion. The latter said he had received the
tables from the Pension Office. He had
no personal knowledge of the facts. He
admitted some of the tables could not be
prepared, but contended that the main
point h«? had made (the preponderance
of Northern over Southern pension
claims) was correct.
Green (D.) of Pennsylvania., who was a
captain in a volunteer regiment during
the Spanish I war. and who served at
Chlckamaupa, said that in the years to
come, in considering pensions for the sol
diers of the Spanish war, the sickness
due to maladministration of army af
fairs would have to be recognized.
Cummlnßs (D.) of Xew York paid a tri
bute to some of the dead New York
heroes. Sergeant Hamilton Fish and Will
iam Tiffany, and to the splendid valor
of Governor Roosevelt. The mention of
Governor Roosevelt's name brought out a
round of applause.
"The only objection I have to him."
sa'.d Cummings, "is that he is a Republi
can." (Laughter.)
Mahon <R.) of Pennsylvania said It was
unfortunate that the pension question
had been brought up to create ' partisan
ranror. During the past few years the
Democratic opposition to pensions had
disappeared. It should not be revived
now. Justice would be done to the Span
ish war soldiers without sectionalism
Galnes <D.) of Tennessee denied that
the Democrats were opposed to liberal
pensions; they were hostile only to the
unworthy claims.
Clayton (D.) of New York, who com
manded a troop of cavalry during the
Spanish war, resented the reflection upon
the conduct of the war. Our officers
rcpular and volunteer, compared favor
ably with thos=<j of any other country on
earth. We had made fewer mistakes
than the British are making and had
madp in South Africa.
Norton (D.) of Ohio declared that if the
Commissioner of Pensions prepared the
tables included in Sims' remarks .he
should be removed.
Taib*rt (D.) of South Carolina extolled
the courage of Sims.
"I am glad he has placed the facts be
fore os," said he. "He has opened the
eyes cf the House and the country "
START TO INVADE
CAMARINES PROVINCE
Generals Bates and Bell About to
Begin a Campaign in tho
Mountains.
MANILA. Feb. 16.— Brigadier General
Alfred E. Bates and Brigadier General
Bell, with the Fortieth and Forty-fifth
Infantry. Keeler's battery and many pack
mules, started to-day for the province or
Camarines. The cruiser Baltimore and the
transports Tartar ami Athenian compose
the fleet, which, with the gunboats ac
companying will land at Xueva Caacarea
and sweep the provinces. It is expected
that there will be much campaigning In
the mountains.
End of the Trial of the "Well-Known New York Clubman
Charged With Poisoning Mrs. Katherine J. Adams.
WOUNDED TRAIN ROBBER
FOUND NEAR TOMBSTONE
Gives the Names of His Three Ac
complices and a Sheriff's Posse
Is Pursuing Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 36.—A special tram
bore to tbta city this morning Express
Messenper Mil ton. who was shot last night
by thefts who attempted to rob the
New Mexico and Arizona passenger tra n.
Milton's resistance of the bandits w fas one
of the most cSarinp things that has been
recorded ,n Arizona for scrne time He
shot Mreral times at the bandits after he
was wounded and succeeded in driving
them away. The bullet which struck Mil-
ton penetrated his left arm in two places,
SSa? bufler^r^The^aS wT
when the bu!let struck. The arm was
bad!y shattered amd will probably have
tote amputated.
Sheriff Scott White was In Tucson wnen
the train was held up and left at once for
Fairbanks and eet out with a posse to
trail the bandits.
Milton is well known In the Southwest,
having been engaged for many years as
a border rider In the service of the Gov-
eminent. He has had mar.y exciting ex
periences with desperadoes and has kilK-d
a number of men in fights on the border,
A year ago he was with George Scarb.jr-
cr:gh on the trairof Broncho Bill, a no«rd
denperado and took part In the fight
which ensued when the party met the
desperado and his Kane in the mountains.
Broncho BUI wa? seriously injured and
the entire gang was captured.
Milton said to-night that ho expected
the attack which was made on the train,
but he thought that the robbers intended
to hold up the northbound train, which
usually carries a great deal of gold bul-
lion from the mines from Sonora and
sums of money from the western portion
£ f tne "public. When he was ordered to
*f t d ne U* ah^^^
nre of the bandits. Milton at once took
up the light against the bandits and a
1 large number of shots were exchanged,
j
j ScoU AVhit<, was on the trail, and it Is
! possible that he will be able to capture
I thorn before they reach the Sierra Moun
tains of Mexico.
\t™5FS£&S&; h^up6^^
| Mexlco and Arizona train at Fairbanks
i ast night was found to-day in a dying
condition at Sycamore Spring, nine miles
from Tombstone. The robber's name la
| John Dunlap, alias "Three-Fingered
! Jack." He was brought from Colorado a
! few months ago on' a requisition to an
! swer to a charge of highway robbery,
| but the District Attorney dismissed the
! case.
j When Dunlap was found he gave the
I names of his three accomplices, who are
now being pursued by a Sheriff s posse.
| The trail leads in the direction of the Co
i chise stronghold in the Dragoon Moun
! tains. . The wounded robber received the
t full charge of a shotgun, fired by the
I ¦WeUs-Fargo messenger. In the abdomen.
An ambulance left this place to bring the
wounded man to town.. Telegrams have
been sent to different points warning of
fleers to be on the lookout for the re
mainlng three robbers, and it Is conndent
ly expected that they will be captured or
killed within twenty-four hours.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.Ii, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
MOLINEUX, SENTENCED TO DEATH,
BITTERLY ARRAIGNS HIS ACCUSERS
Tea Lost Vesrs. i||
that cf forty-': ve a woman
gives one-third of her time W%%£
¦_ion. Ten years of suffering! 3rS§s
And this cendit-on of thing 9 I i£*§s
is popularly accepted as net- ffittjfii
nice disabilitj' for which
there is no help ! Is there
no help? There is help for every
woman and for almost every woman
perfect he?.ling in the use of Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription. It
insures regularity, dries the drains
which weaken women, heals inflam-
mation and ulceration and cures fe-
male weakness. It is a temperance
medicine — non - alcoholic and non-
narcotic.
"I w£s so weak I did! not hare breath to
walk aeroM t=y room," Trrites Mist Isabel
Miller, of New Providence. CaliOwav Co.. Ky.
-Mv periods ocenrred too cften and' the hetn-
orrfia^e would be prolonged and the toss of
blood very excessive. I al»o had spells which
the doctor said were fainting fits. I did not
gain strength from one monthly period to
another : was vr i v weak and t<?rvotiß all the
time. Was confined to my b-d ft>r three
months and the doctor told tne I wosld never
be any better. I lived in this way from six-
teen years eld to twenty-three. I was at last
advised by a kind friend to try Dr. Pierce*
Favorite Prescription, which I did. and be-
ff O fe i had taicen two bottles of it I coaM
work all day. I tooi ia all six bottles of the
• Favorite Prescription ! and about five vials
of Dr. Pierce* PeUet«. I used co other
medicine. I have never had a return of this
trouble fcince."
3«c« e « Ht J12.:J 12 . : ;««:H,}:OlW. Poor start, Won easily, second and third driving. Winner.
M u %t&A^K,c?Ssa i . l ffl lt S^2S: i2 l|Uier best *'« *•*-£»•
You cannot afford to miss
next Sunday's Call — a special
"Washington's birthday edi
tion. • • . ' -
Forger Pleads Guilty.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
MARYSVILL.E, Feb. 16.— A Chilean
named Joe Naranjo pleaded guilty to a
charge of forgery In the Superior Court
to-day and was sentenced by Judge Da
vis to serve five years In San Quentln
prison. Naranjo passed a -spurious order
at HorstvlUe.
Palace and
Grand Hotels
For nearly a quarter of a century tlv*
leading hotels on the Paclfio Coa*t.
With added Improvements and con-
veniences t. h .ey continue to be the head-
quarters fcr tourists and traveler* vis-
Uint San o Fran l isco. RKpATßicic
Manager.
Indoor Baseball.
The Toung Men's Christian Association
Indoor baseball team gained a decisive vic
tory over the Olympic Club team last
night In the association gymnasium. The
score was 19 runs to 7. The- Olympics
showed lack of practice, while their op
ponents displayed excellent team work.
The association players were: Scott,
catcher; Shaw, left shortstop: Stouten
berg. right shortstop; Roberts, third base;
Morton, first base; Tuohy, right field;
Burke, second base; Goodrich, pitcher,
and Foran, left field. Olympics: Durham,
left Held; Follansbee. catcher; James,
right shortstop: Hanrahan, third base;
Butz. pitcher; Stack, left shortstop; Mon
ahan, first base; Cunningham, right field,
and Leach, second base.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS TO
PASOROBLESSSfe
Most noted Mineral Springs In United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism. Blood. Uv«r,
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. Apply
FRANK W. EX.X. City Afsot. fitt V*ckat«fc
WINTER RESORT.
330 MARKET ST. S.F
j FOR ALL |£ B B^J-* UZ9 k
< BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS; [.
SICK HEADACHE, } nnd ( IMPAIRED DIOESTION, f
4 CONSTIPATION, J- Kindred I DISORDERED LIVER and ?
2 WEAK STOMACH, ) Diseases { FEMALE AILMENTS. y
. Sold everywhere. In boxes, at 10 cents Mid 25 cents each. Annual Bale over 6,000,000 boxes. ,
ssr""v 11 W t '>^ A»»*w'*w'*ir-^^' > »r^.'^s^"ir-->r-.-^^n^H«' j v i v^ J v'- I v'^^>^ J v i ' I %F^^ J^
OEWEY.STRONG&CI
i^>E^ :a!gJJ:J<mT " TT . rg3 ?V*t^
8O<). FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
SB Mi r Si ¦ E9
I RUSSIAN I
iCIGARETTESi
I With Mouthpiece J
® lb oentsfor XO §
1 Monopo! Tobacco Works 7 8
Time— hi. :23$i; H, :Wi: %, UiSM.. Fair start. Won all three driving.. Winner, J. F- Bchrrr'o
b. h.. by Imp. Kantaka-Nellle Stanley. Timemaker outearaed Bell. Vlttltue on Headwater
made his run too coon, going the overland. Scratched— Burdock 90, Mocorlto 107, Yemen 107,
F. W. Erode 104.
NEW WEBTERJI HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. &Cc to HSO day;
fi to $3 week; J> tn $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every rocm: fire grates la •?try
room: alevator runs all nlxht.
Vs^<^s*«^y| r-cioJy for Gonorrhoea,
<•'"-. 3permstorrhu?>,
mSSrta lto S tar*. \fl Whites, unnatural di*.
Jwy iittamct«vl y fharsrs, or »ny inflamtna.
frSm'ff o:' » sutaisr*. tiuQ, lirriUtloQ or u.cer*>
fk~J^?t,rm\A a»aujiaa. tlon nf mo Co a 3 ac»
MTsrirrftS*A*3 tJHEMTU Co. brane* Noo-»itringent.
'BSfSV O. T. a. !2?g* ? r ** at la P'»'n ¦wrtproe.
*HLVSsJL Z^B?¥A ** exprnma. prepaid, fu»
*fc^^££P r V' kl CITKUiX MOt w* EBfiJcts
MATTHEWS WINS.
Fight Stopped in the Seventeenth,
With McPartland All but Out.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— Matty Matthews
of this city wds given the decision over
"Kid" McPartland of this city, in the sev
enteenth round of what was to have bocn
a twenty-iive-round bout before the
liroadway Athletic Club to-night. The
' referee stopped the bout when It became
evident that McPartland was outclassed
McPartland was knocked down twice In
the twelfth round, and was down In the
thirteenth, lifteonth, sixteenth and seven
tepnth rounds. Though ho was not knocked
out, the refer.ee, seeing that he was un
able to stand any more -punishment, de
clared Matthews the winner.
Boxers Are Matched.
The boxers who are matched for the
next exhibition of the Columbia Athletic
Club, to be held on the 21st inst., are:
Willie Cole and W. Decourcy, fifteen
rounds; Jack Dennis and William Mar
tin and Billy Perry and N. Condon, eight
rounds each.
707. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400
Leopold Vignari Dead.
Special Discatch to The Call
BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 16.— Leopold Vlg
navl of Granite Station died at the
County Hospital to-day. He had resided
In this county for thirty years, and was
one of the most prominent sheep men.
He kept a public house at Granite, and
also conducted large sheep-shearing cor
rals. Deceased was 65 years of age. and
left considerable wealth. He was from
Bayonne, France.
Verdict of Simple Assault
Special Dispatch to The Call
HANFORD, Feb. 16.— The trial of Silas
Hughes, who fhot Ed Burri3 on January
1 on the streets of Hanford, ended last
night, and the Jury brought In a verdict
to-day, after being out twenty hours, of
simple assault. His defense was tempor
ary insanity brought on by the excessive
use of whisky. The verdict was a sur
prise, as it was expected he would be con
victed of a higher crime.
Santa Fe's New Road.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 16.— The announce
ment is made here to-day that the Santa
Fe Railway branch to the rim of the
Grand Canyon of the Colorado will be
completed on > April 9. The road runs six
ty-two miles from Williams, on the main
line. Thirty-seven miles are now in oper
ation.
A Good Dinner
Is a great clvillser. Try Zlnkand'a, and you
will realize the fact. •
COX THE WINNER OF
THE SIX-DAY RACE
Covers Five Hundred and Forty-Five
Miles and Is Able to Sprint
at the Finish.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 16.— Amid the plaudits
of a large crowd of spectators Thomas Cox
of New York dashed across the finishing
line at 10:30 o'clock to-night, winner of
the six-day go-as-you-please race, which
has been in progress at Clark's Natato
rium since last Saturday night. Cox fin
ished with a score of 545 miles. He was
wan and drawn, but without question
was the strongest man of the bunch at
the end. Just before the finish came he
ran a half-dozen laps at a speed that car
ried him around his competitors a dozen
times.
Day, the Englishman, who secured sec
ond place, finished in very fair condition,
with a score of 540 miles. Between him
and Barnes, who took third money, an in
tense rivalry has existed, and they started
In this morning to kill each other oft.
Barnes set the pace, but weakened dur
ing the evening and the EnKllshman
passed him, finishing one mile ahead of
the Pennsylvania man. Barnes was on
the verge of collapse as the race neared
the end.
"Old Sport" Campana walked only four
miles during the day. but this put him
within the money at 450 miles. Following
is the score for the six days:
Cox, 545; Day. 640; Barnes, £39; Campana 450-
Graham, 4K; Dean, 418; Hegelman, 412: frart'
390; Gllck. 355.
DATE OF THE BIG FIGHT.
Jeffries-Corbett Match Now Sched-
uled to Occur on May 11.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— 1t has now been
decided that Jim Jeffries and Jim Corbett
will fight in the Seaside Sporting Club at
Coney Island on May 11. This was de
cided upon at a meeting to-day, where
Tom O'Rourke, acting for the Seaside
Club, and George Consldlne, Corbett's
manager, signed articles. Brady, man
ager for Jeffries, has not yet signed the
agreement.
Crescent City Races.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 16.— The track
was lumpy and slow to-day. Results:
Six furlongs — FYeltnghuysen won, Jamllco
Becond. Silver Coin third. Time. 1:18^4-
Thirteen sixteenths of a mile— Wedding Quest
won, Commander Miller second, Mlttenthal
third. Time, 1:27.
One and a elxteenth mil** selling— Jimp won,
Uhlera Becond. Ntlrnah third. Time, 1;53.
Six furlongs, selling- — Tom Klngsley won, Nel
lie Prince second, Asmore third. Time, 1:17 H.
Seven furlongs, sentng— Colonel Eads won,
Eva Wilson second, Brown Veil third. Timo.
1:33<4.
One mile, Belllnr— Pat Garret won, Astor sec
ond, Fewness third. Time. 1:47.
Sharkey ' and McCoy Matched.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— Tom O'Rourke
to-day matched Tom Sharkey against Kid
McCoy. The articles have not yet been
signed.
THE detailed account of the ride of Oliver Lawson In the
Klondike is interesting and valuable. The distance he
traveled over from Dawson City to Skaguay is about 821
miles, and while It is not possible to ride a bicycle all the
way, Laweon holds the record for making the trip in the short
est time.
While making the trip Lawson did the Important and'lnter
esting work of measuring every foot of the journey— save that
over lakes La Barge and Bennett — with the cyclometer at
tached to his wheel, and now gives the exact distance between
the principal points along the route that will be traveled by
thousands this winter bound for Nome or Dawson and .those
from the Interior to the coast. He made the trip In fourteen
days, and believes from his experience that once the lakes
freeze and the trails become worn and packed the time be
tween Dawson and Skaguay can be reduced to from four to
five days, thus making the wheel a factor In the far northern
travel.
Lawson left' Dawson on November 28, on which day he
bought a copy of the Klondike Sun. published in Dawson' No
vember 28, thereby proving the date of his departure. Lawson
was accompanied a part of the way by C. E. Downie and C. D.
Sandford, whom he overtook on the trail, and they affirm that
Lawson and his bicycle hold the record, despite the rumor that
two others covered the distance in ten days. Although Law
son did not ride all the distance from Dawson to the coast, he
covered a great many miles on the silent steed, and many of
them were over the bosom of the great Yukon. He carried but
twenty-five pounds of baggage, and when mounted had that
strapped to the handle bars. A slight accident to a pedal was
all that the wheel suffered from the* long trip.
The flr^t day out from Dawson Lawson rode five and a half
hours. When not riding he pushed the wheel along, always
keeping the wheels touching, 80 the cyclomter would perform
its function. Klrkman was made the second day and Selwyn
the third. Crossing the Government cut-off from Hootchikoo,
Lawson walked the first twenty-four miles, which was hilly,
and then rode for forty-two miles. Traversing the railroad
grade between White Horse and Caribou, he rode half of the
way. The distances as measured by Lawson correspond closely
with those of the measurements made by surveyors, but as his
measurements are along the exact course interior travelers will
follow they are herein produced as taken from, the record kept
by Lawson:
Pawson to— Miles.
Indian River 25
Sixty Mi1e..... 43
Nine-Mile Roadhouse t-
Stewart 68
White River Sawmill 78
Klrkman (steamboat slough).. loo. S
Tulare HO
F. Roadhouse 132
Dawson to- Miles.
Selwyn 148
Roadhousa half way between I
Selwyn and Selkirk 163
Selkirk 185
Mlnto .". 213
Hootchlkoo :M
No. 8 Poet.. 258.4
Foot of La Barge 324.4
The distance over the Dominion trail, or between Hootchl
koo and the foot of La Barge, according to Lawson, is 95.4
miles. The distance from the head of La Barge to White
Horse by his record Is 23 mllea, and from White Horse to Cari
bou 46 miles. ; ,, -. ;:
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
California Delegation Working for
the Protection of the Rights of
Oil Producers.
frrcial I>if^atch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— Senator Per
kins has been promised by Commissioner
General Peck of the Paris Exposition that
he will appoint Professor W. B. Rising
of the Cailtornia Stale University a mem
ber of one of the juries of awards at the
exposition.
Colonel W. A. Harris of Los Angeles Is
in Washington to protect the rights of
oil nu-n in Southern California as against
the location of oil lands under forest re
eerve scrip. Senator Perkins and Repre
fccnta.tives Waters and Needham are
workir.ff to this end and, with Colonel
Harris, have called on the Interior De
partment, which now has the question un
tier consideration.
\V. C. Kiiby was to-day appointed Poet
master at Inglewood, Los Angeles Coun
ty, vice George Robbins, resigned. The
contract for carrying the mail between
Republic. Wash., and Kittle Falls. Alas
ka, has been awarded to F. E. Smith of
ban Francisco.
Army orders— By direction of the Secre
tary of War acting Assistant Surgeon
Kotiert E. Caldwell is relieved from fur
ther duty in the Department of Porto
Jiifo and will proceed to San Francisco
and report to the commanding general of
the Department of California for assign
ment to duty on a transport when a va-
M.ojor Abraham S. Bickham, quarter
master, now In San Francisco, will pro
ceed to this city and report to the quar
termaster general of the army for fur
ther instructions. Acting Assistant Sur
geon James Reagles is relieved from fur
ther duty at Vancouver barracks and will
proceed to Fort Stevens, Or., to relieve
First Lieutenant George A. Skinner, as
sistant surgeon. Lieutenant Skinner, upon
t-<'!r.g thus relieved, will proceed to San
Francisco. Acting Assistant Surgeon
Harry C Smith will proceed fromHughes
ville. Mo., to San Francisco.
Pacllie Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original — Frederick Kramer,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $10; August Party,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $s; Philip
D. bur.nrll, (Joldvllle, $!>. Supplemental-
Ferdinand Hiiedrich. Sacramento, $4. In
crease — Marenus A. Bronson, Los Angeles,
512 to $14; Robert Harley, I»s Angeles. s<j
to $*; Edward C Parker, North Ontario,
$*> to $S; Daniel W. Lawior, Sacramento,
$6 to $S. Original widows, etc.— Special ac
crued, February 6, Catherine Shelley, San
Francisco, Vs.
Washington: Original— Oliver V. Haz
rlton. South Bend. J'3. Increase — Joseph
J>. Nichols. Riffe, $6 to SS; Thomas O.
Morgan. Winloek. $12 to $17; Joseph M.
Mlsh, Kettle Falls, $<• to Jl7.
TWO MEN KILLED BY
AN EXPLODING BOILER
Three Others Were Injured, One of
Whom. Will Probably
Die.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Feb. 16.— Two men
were instantly killed and three frightfully
injured by the explosion of a locomotive
boiler In the Santa Fe roundhouse, this
afternoon. The dead are:
JOHN HEUSTIS, boiler-maker.
NELS LINDEN, fireman.
Tht injured: J. L. Beardsley, will prob
6.1.1y die; Artie Savior, bruised and baoly
fchaVen up; Bert Shields, face cut and one
eye injured,
The explosion was caused by compressed
sir. which was to be used as the motive
power in the "midget" locomotive, a sn-aH
switch engine. Reardslcy was letting the
cir into the boiler when the explosion oc
curred. He had just turned on the pres
sure, and it is thought that not over 100
jM-iur.ds was in the boiler. The force of
the t-xplosion blew the front end of tue
toiler against the stone wall, tearing
away the window casing and wall and
leaking a hole twelve feet wide and about
twenty feet high. The boiler was blown
from the track and fell twenty feet away.
The dead men were horribly mangled,
their heads being blown from their bodies.
LIFE LOST IN A FIRE.
W. It. Taulby Burned to Death at
Seattle.
SEATTLE, Feb. 16.- W. L. Taulby, elec
trician fr«r the Blame Electric Light Com
pany, was burned to death in that city
yesterday morning in a tire which de
stroyed the plant of the Monarch Mill
Company. Taulby Blept in a room adjoin
ing' the electrical room of the mill. The
lire started In the engine room. Night
Watchman Allen made an attempt to res
cue Taulby, but was unsuccessful, sus
taining severe burns in his attempt. Taul
by's remains were found this morning.
He leaves a daughter and a brother in
Los Angeles. • Hfl£H|
Guilty of Manslaughter.
RED BLUFF. Feb. IS.— The Jury In the
case of the people versus William Stroud
this morning returned a verdict of man
slaughter against the defendant aft°r re
niafrjir.p' out Flnce early yesterday aflor
r.oon. This Is Stroud'F second trial, the
Jury difc&Kreelnp in the first one. The
crime fur which he was convicted was the
killing of Thomas Ua<,gs in a saloon at
T«-harr.a on November 11 last. DaKgs,
who had the reputation of being a peace
able citizen, became engaged In a quarrel
and tight with the defendant and was
stabbed thirteen times, from the effects
of which wounds he died the following
flay. The time for the has not
ret hflpn ppt_
CURES QUICKLY.
A N«-w Pile Cure Which Cures thj
Most Aggravated Cases Safely
and Quickly.
The Pyramid Pile Cure, a new prepara-
tion put up in suppository form, cures thu
most aggravated cases of piles in a tur-
prislnsly short time.
Mr. W. N. Dunn, Xo. 5713 Shields avenut,
Chicago. 111., writes: "I am Indebted a
thousand tlme3 to the Pyramid Pile Cure
for the speedy relief and permanent cure
of a most severe casa of piles. I was
troubled for months and yet was com-
pletely cured with one 60-cent box of th«
Pyramid, and more tlmn that, I have still
three of the Pyramid suppositories left of
that one. box that I did not need to use.
X think It Is the grandest thing of th<s ago
and shall certainly recommend It to all
sufferers, and you are at perfect liberty to
refer any persons to me and I will gladly
answer any correspondence."
Thousands have resorted to expensive
and dangerous surgical operations for cure
of piles who could have been cured safely
and painlessly by the Pyramid; in a num-
ber of instances persons who had aperit
months In a hospital under treatment of
pile specialists without permanent relief
finally found the cure where they least
expected It. In the Pyramid Pile Cure,
which la applied at night, relieves the con-
gested parts, reduces the tumors gradu-
ally and naturally, removes the Intolerable
Itching and lecve9 no bad after effects, as
It contains no cocaine nor opiates.
It is a remedy no one need fear to apply
to the most aggravated case.
• Druggists sell the Pyramid Pile Cure- at
50 cents for full sized treatment.
The Pyramid Company of Marshall.
Mich., will be pleased to mall free to any
address a llttlo book on Cause and Cure
of Piles. ;-¦'¦•••-
RODE ON KLONDIKE TRAIL
FROM DAWSON TO SKAGUAY
Coal mining is developing rapidly In
Canada. In Nova Scotia both the area*
worked and the number or mlnea anow
a great Increase. ¦
RATIFICATION OF
SAMOAN TREATY
Agreement Is Now in
Full Effect.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— The exchange
of ratifications of the Samoan treaty took
place to-day at the State Department,
und it is presumed that similar exchanges
occurred at the Foreign Offices In London
and Berlin. This is the last ceremony
necessary to give full effect to the Sa
mca.n agreement, though, as a matter of
form and public information here In the
United Stiuea at least. It may be neces
eary to proclaim the treaty.
Secretary Hay represented the United
States, Lord Pauncefote Great Britain
and Mr. Yon Holleben Germany. Owing
to the fact that there are three parties
to thJs treaty the method of effecting the
exchange differed considerably from the
usual order.
Mr. Hay retained for the United States
the copy of the treaty which was ratlfled
fcrjp the United States Senate. He handed
to L<ord Pauncefcte and to Mr. Yon Holle
beo copies of the treaty bearing the sig
natures of the President and himself. The
recipient of these copies made acknowl
edgments or receipts and the convention
was complete.
At London Mr. Choate and the German
1Z tn ba? ea.6 or were to receive copies of the
treaty from the hands of Lord Salisbury,
while in Eerlin Mr. White and the British
Etobiss&dor ofere to be handed exchange
reifies by Baron yon Billow.
The State JJepariment has taken steps
to notify Mr. OsUurn. the United States
Consul at Apia, of ttie consummation of
the agreement. It will make no differencc
in the status of Mr. Osborn— ln fact, the
necessity for the presence of an American
Consul at Apia is now even greater than
before.
FRANK BELL
BEATEN BY
TIMEMAKER
Schorr Sprinter Showed His
True Form — Outsiders
Win at Tanforan,
Just for a moment it looked as if the
backers of Frank Bell, cne of three start
ers in the six furlong handicap at Tan-
foran yesterday, would cash their tickets.
It was a forlorn hope, though, for Tommy
Burns sat down hard on Timemaker, and
when Bell weakened the last thirty yards
the Schorr horse beat him out a head.
The winner was an even money choice,
and it was the only exciting finish of the
afternoon. Headwater, the other starter,
might have been closer up at the wire had
Yittlto* not grown Impatient and moved
too early.
Horses with all sorts of ripe, mellow odds
posted against them in the ring strolled
past the judges first. Ping, 8 to 1; Cho
teau, 10, Vioris, 16 to 5; May Gertrude, 1,
and Modwena, 5, turned up winners. None
were extensively backed, so the books had
a banner day.
There was a slump In the favorite mar
ket after the downfall of Lavator In the
mile and a sixteenth run, which opened
the sport. The chestnut horse was played
for a Rood thing at odds of 6 to 5, and
after showing blotches of speed ran un
placed. , Ping, a "now and then horse"
and 8 to 1 in the ring, won from start to
finish, beating Dogtown a length.
Although In past runs Choteau had
shown he could go seven furlongs Ihe
price against the colt floated back to .3 to
1 in the betting on the seven furlong run.
Bandera carried the heaviest backing at
odds of 9 to 5. with Racetto second, choice.
The favorite, Bandera, led to the stretch
turn, where Ross urged Choteau Into first
position, and hard ridden all the way
home downod Red Cherry a length. Sam
Dannenbaum was a good third.
Storm King, with vlttitoe up. failed to
repeat his victory of the day before in
the flve-furlong dash. His odds went from
twos to 14 to 5, and after much hard luck
Vlttitoe managed to land second to Vioris
at the wire. Henry iinished third on Es
pirando.
The fifth number saw Mortgage, a 3 to
5 chance, defeated in hollow fashion by
May Gertrude. The winner, well ridden
by T. Walsh, struck the wire first by a
couple of lengths with considerable to
spare. Silver Tail, out in front for a way,
managed to take the show.
Modwena, from the stable of Mat Storn,
led all the way in the closing five-furlong
sprint. St. Apollinaris, which was heavily
played, finished second, over a length In
advance of Gold Baron, the favorite.
Track Notes.
The Tanforan Association offered a
$1500 purse for a third meeting between
Advance Guard, Yellowtail and F. W.
Urode. to take place next Tuesday. Thero
la another wrangle over jockeys and as
Fred Foster will ship his string back to
Oakland this afternoon the possibilities of
To-Day's Entries.
First ra.ee—Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse.
777 Gußto 105! 790 Mountebank ....104
772 Tomale 1041 713 Boundlee 107
7SO For Freedom 1021 750 The Foot 104
Percnd race— One mile and one-eighth; four
yoar-olds and upward; over five hurdles; celling.
655 Granger 149 757 Monlta' 147
74S Rio Chico 133 K3 Indra 135
77* Lsimo 147| ... Reno 147
760 l>urward 1401 655 University 132
Third race — One mile and a half; three-year
olds and upward; selling.
(7S3>EFplonage 9?| 7SO Coda 100
74.1 Tom Calvert mi 796 Tom Cromwell. .los
l7so)Sardonle H>9!
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth: three
year-old? and upward: handicap^ purse 11000.
<79S)Timemaker 1121 76< Malay 103
rmiOeyser 12ll(7fiS)Dr. Sheppard....lls
793 Zoroaster ll&l 763 Advance Guard. lo4
7SI Daisy F 103!
Fifth race — Five and a half furlong*; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
674 Merry Boy 111! 782 Peace 103
€89 Momentum 114 SOI Gold Baron 107
7&S Orion ml 786 Mafada 114
773 Matt Hogan 9i 766 St. Cuthbert 11l
<7S6)Alghan 107:
Sixth race —Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward: purse.
765 Sallle Goodwin..losl 755 Muscalado ......107
... Polka 104j 7*2 Hard Knot 107
7PS Ksplrando 1071 792 Mocortto 105
752 Morlnel IM| 773 Captive 110
644 Loconoma 103: "So Uterp 102
.
-
t
Selections for To-Day.
First race—Bour.dlce, Mountebank, Tfte Scot
Second race—Granger, Monlta, Rio Chleo.
Third race—Sardonic. Ksplonage, Tom Calvert
Fourth race—Geyser, Advance Guard, Zoroas
er.
Fifth race—Peace, St. Cuthbert, Afghan.
Sixth race—Mocorlto, Captive, Hard Knot.
CHOYNSKI
REVENGED
ON MAHER
Turns the Tables on the
Irish Champion, Defeat
ing Him on Points.
CHICAGO. Feb. 16.— Joe Choynskl was
given the decision over Peter Maher In a
six-round contest before the Fort Dear
bdrn Athletic Club to-night. The blonde
Californlan evidently had not forgotten
his former defeat at the hands of the
Irishman, for throughout the flght ho took
but few chances, contenting himself with
Jolting Peter with his left, a task which
he found comparatively easy. In the last
two rounds of the flght Maher, maddened
by tha sting of Choynskl's left glove,
rushed furiously, but was almost invari
ably straightened up, and during the clos
ing minute of the last round was so badly
punished that he was staggering as the
beil rang. , r
In the first round Choynskl caught Ma
her with a left hook squarely on tne poln'.
of the Jaw a second before the bell rang,
and it is probable that If the round had
lasted a moment more Choynski would
have won right there, as the blow made
Mah«r reel like a drunken man. Maher
made Joe go to the boards in the second
with hard lefts* to the chin and stomach
and had a clear lead during that round.
Thereafter, however, Joe had the better
of it. Jce left the ring with scarcely a
mark, while Peter's right eye was In bad
shape. Probably 50(w persons saw the
flght, which took place in the Second Reg
iment Armory.
Choynski was seconded by the three
Schrosbes — father and two sons. Maher
was seconded by his brother, Jim Maher,
ar«l Peter Lowry and Danny McMahon.
Malachl' Hogan was selected as referee.
Hound I—After1 — After a few seconds' fiddling Peter
landed a left solidly on the ribs, Joe counter
ing heavily on the cheek. Maher put right and
left to the jaw, Choynski planting his left 1b
Peter's rlbe and bringing it up to the eye. red
dening it. Choynski then planted a heavy left
on the face. Maher landing a l.'ft on the wind
a second later. Just as the bell rang Joe sent j
a terrlllc left hook to Maher*s Jaw, sending !
him staggering to his corner.
Round 2— MaJier apparently a bit groggy.
Choynski danced around him warily for *
minute, then led twice with the left, landing
lightly. Choynski planted a left on Mailer's
nose, Maher countering with a hard right to
the ribs. Choynski then Jabbed with his left,
playing for Mailer's right eye, which was rap-
Idly closing. Maher landed two good lefts on
Joe's chin and Choynski dropped to- save him- j
self. Ho got up Immediately and poked his ]
left to Peter's face. Peter landed left and right >
to the ribs, Jo* breaking ground.
Round ft— Both came up fresh. Choynski
landed his left on the face three times In suc
cession, Peter countering with lefts to ribs and
ear. Choynski sent In a solid left to Peter's
stomach and escaped a return. . A moment later j
a left found Maher' ¦ noee hard, but Peter sent j
a heavy right Jolt to the ribs. Maher rushed. ,
but ran Into a left Jolt on the mouth. Maher !
hooked his left to Joe's mouth. Choynski j
rushed and poked his left to the face, escap
ing a return. Both were fiddUnr when the
beil ran..
Round 4— Choynski assumed the aggre.oslv*
and Jabbed his left lightly to "Mailer's face
twice. Peter rushed, but received a terrific I
left Jolt In the fact. Again he sent a terrific
right to Joe's ribs. Joe landed a hard left on
Peter's Jaw, straightening him. Peter tried
for the ribs with hla right and then, rushing,
he sent a right to Joe's rtbs hard. In a
clinch he hammered Joe's ribs. Peter rushed
again and planted his left solidly on Joe' 9
chin, dazing him. Again he tried It, landing
with his right, dazing Joe again. Joe came
back with a terrific left on the.^chln. It was
give and take In the center of the ring, both
exchanging hard rights and lefts on the body.
Just before the bell sounded Joe planted his
left solidly on Maher' a chin, staggering him.
Both were tired when the bell rang.
Round s—Jo<*5 — Jo<* landed a light right on Maher* s
mouth. Cautious sparring followed for a few
seconds, when Choynski planted right and left
on Peter's sore eye. Maher feinted and landed
right and left in quick succession. He then
landed a solid right on Joe's ribs, Joe counter-
Ing with a straight left on the mouth. Joe
plunged his left to Maher*s stomach. Maher
landed a right lightly on the rtbs. Jo* Jabbed
his left, to the face twice just before the bell
rang.
Round ft— The men smiled as they shook
hands for the final round. Choynski Jabbed
his left to Maher" s face twice, Peter plunging
a riKht to Joe's ribs. Jo» danced around his
burly ODDonent and landed a left on the face.
Maher landed lightly with his left on Joe's
neck. A second later Joe sent Peter's head
back with a stiff left to the mouth. Maher
swung right and left to the rtbs, receiving a
hard right on the face, which daz«d him. Joe
then swung a right to the mouth and plunged
it again on the sore eye. Maher rushed des
perately, only to receive a terrific right en the
ear. Maher once more rushed, but was again
Jabbed In the mouth. Peter was staggering
as the bell rang. Choyn&kl was given the de
cision.
The preliminaries Included one of the
prettiest bouts between bantam-weights
Been In. a long time— a six-round go be
tween Clarence Forbes and "Buddy" Ryan
of Chicago. It was declared a draw,
though Forbes had a good shade the bet
ter of it.
In the other preliminaries Jim Barnes of
Chicago knocked out Young Mllo of Phila
delphia In two rounds; Middle-weight
Frank Scott of Chicago gained the de
cision over Jim Driscoll of Chicago and
Lightweight Dave Barry won over Adam
Ryan of Philadelphia in clx rounds. Wel
ter-weight Ahearn won from Tom Mc-
Cune of Detroit In six rounds.
GOLD SWORTHY
IS CONVICTED
Jury Rejects the Plea of
Insanity.
STOCKTON 1 , Feb. IS.— "W. J. Golds-wor
thy, the well-known merchant, who wan
caught under the basement of a store ad
joining his last November with a pile ot
Inflammable stuff ready to light, waa to.
day found guilty of burglary. That char**
was made apainst him because of the en
try .into a building with Intent to comrr.S:
a The n tria" d haa lasted ten days, and a:
tractcd a. grreat deal of attention, ow.n
to the position of the defendant, who h;ii
been prominent in business and polltlcj
up the Insanity plea, bat
the Jury stood eleven for conviction on Urn
first ballot, and after rive ballots £out:.l
a verdict of guilty. The people ur?e*l ¦
recovery of insurance money as a raot.v ¦
for the crime.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900,
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMALGAMATORS.
SAVE GOLD— Krcsh M?g. Co.. J Stovenson
st. Amalgamators. Band Centrifugal Pumc*.
ROTARY AMALGAMATOR.
MOORE Improved Gold Separator it Rotary
Amalgamator on exhlbltloa O Stevenson st_
BEACH OOLD CONCENTRATOR.
SAVES All the Gold by gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 fepear.
STEAM ENGINES.
Call and se« the lightest, cheapest, special Car's
Kozn« steam engine: working pstrta completely
Inclosed; $^5 to o for 1 to 30 horsepower;
¦weights 9?i to 1400; one operating at RIX E.\-
GINEERING AND SUPPLY CO.. SJ» Howard.
GASOLINE ENGINES,
HERCULE3 GAS ENGINE WORKS Is filling
larg» numbers of orders for Nome. 141-143
First st. 8. F.
OTLS.
LUBRICATING Oil. Cruda Oil and OasoUno.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK. 23 Spear st. 9. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS.
Lift GolJ-B«arlng Sands perfectly. In opera-
tion at 523 Sixth at. BTROS JACKSON.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Eupply fresh, or salt water for s>lu!c» boxss:
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market »t.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER * HAMILTON. Engines and Boners;
lowest prices on th* coast. Fine & Davis its.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Egbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Friday, February 16. 1900. — "^* a^*J*£*sV^3S£^siS^ : w
HENSHAW. BUCKLEY A CO. . Pumps,6team and
Ga«Un« Engines. Boilers. -S and U Fremont.
796. FIRST RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE A CO., manufacturers, bag*, tanta.
cover*. 11 and 33 California st.
Time— l-16, :07; 5-16, :S1: ihlt. :6«H: 13-16. 1:22«4: mile. I:*VA: 1 1-lßm. 1:43. Good » tart -..^° n
ridden out. second and third drivinc. Winner. C. W. Chappeirs b. g.. by imp. M«lm-
Muslc. Ping runs an occasional grood race. Lavator away none too well. Tom cromweu a
cripple. Inverary no speed. Einstein a sulker.
visit DR- JORDAN'S oucat
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
.Qk 13521U2XZ75T.t3i.6£*?.*,3.r.C11.
rj The LareertAnatomieaf Museum ialbc
flfc~ IPS* d.IMW p..Hi»elrc«i«inytheold«i
#*»• id I Speciiliit »i!u Cout. Eit 36 jre*"-
i%K* \ 0R - JORSA.H-PRIYATE DISEASES
BY Co/Kulrarion free »nd «r--tty priT»»
j i^V T Tri irmrnt penonalijr rr by letter. A
m < r I f»»Jn» CWr* la every cas« undertakes.
ml llis, «,.;. for B-rlt. PIIII.OSOrUY.I
I I \\V makbiace. m >tu3 Fnaa. 4 a
' / M suable book for nn»
I>K JUKDA.N A CO. 1051 Market Bt, a r. '
Xime— H, :is ; %t% t :37%; %, VMM; %, 1:29. Good Btart. Won first three driving. Winner. E.
Hubbell's b. c, by Montana-Mascot. Winner well ridden. Red Cherry made a good stretch
run. Dannenbaum also closed strong. Bandera found the route too far. Racetto died away.
798. THIRX> RACE— Five furlongs; selling:; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
7J>9. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; four-year-olds and upward; purse, JWO.
Time— 3-16, :lfc%; 7-18, :42U; 6%f, l:<m&. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner. J. C. Nealon's eh. f. f by El Itlo Rey-Sylvla." May Gertrude probably best Jlort-
KaKe Interfered with a couple of times. Silver Tail sulks. Others of no account. Scratched
-DevfrrauxlOT^^Anthony 104. Mountebank 104. Will Fay 104.
801. SIXTH RACE.— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olda and upward; purse. $400.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
great Mexican remedy; live* health aad
•trenztb to sexual organ*. Depot. 33 Market.
Time— H, :12U; %, :36Vi; %. 1:Q1. Good start. Won handily, second and third driving. Win
ner. Sam Parker's b. f., by imp. Duncombc-I>etrix. Storm King cut oft soon after start,
losing a couple of lengths. Grand Sachem oft badly; he ran a nice race. Maxellcra bad
one. Sir Urian lame. Scratched— Odds On 114.
4
— j j : ' I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. %m. Km. %m. Btr. Fin. ) Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
662 Ping. 6 106 « 18 1 J 12 18 1 1 H. Stuart 4 8
770 Dogtown. 5 109 8 2 1 8 1 2h 2 1 2 1 Spencer J J
714 Socialist. 5 106 8 6 2 *M 4 3 4 2 3 2 Pullman | W
781 Lavator. 4 96 7 3h H 88 8h 46 T.Walsh 8-5 11-10
764 None Such, 6 103 9-8* 82 IH 61 H "**** ™ a 5?
707 Tom Cromwell, a.. .108 2 42 62 62 61 «1 Vlttltoe " "
773 Inverary 11. 5.. 106 5 95 91 91 82 71 Morgan 20 40
753 Rapldo, a 106 1 72 71 71 71 83 Ames 30 100
795 Dr. Marks. 5 104 4 6Vi 62 82 92 92 Jenkins « 1-
753 Einstein, 6 10S 10 10 10 10 10 10 Basslnger .... « W
ndex. Horse. Weight. |St.
754 Choteau 112 3
783 Red Cherry 107 7
625 Bam Dannenbaum..lO9 2
752 Formatus XO9 4 !
7«4 Aborigine 109 5
790 March Seven 107 6
(718) Bandera 107 1
784 Racetto 109 8
%m-_
4 2
6 2
6 h
8
7 5
2 X
1 I} 4 "
3 3
4 2
7 1
8
66
6 h
' 1 lhi
2 **
%m.
2 h
6 1
4 2
8
7 1
6 1 ¦
1 %
5 1
Str.
1 1
3 1
61
7
8
4 h
c m
2 1
Fin. I Jockeys. \Op. CL
11 B. Ross « 9
2Va Jenkins 6 9
8 1 Spencer * 7
4h Tullett 15 60
6 2 H. Shields 19 25
6 8 T. Walsh « 25
7 2 Henry 2 9-6
8 Bullman | 2 8
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |Bt. Km.
~TH Viorls, 4 112 1
(795) Storm King, 6 121 4 ;f«."t>-
736 Espirando, B 118 2
763 Grand Sachem. 6... 118 9 ?..r-.
(682) Jael. 6 116 7
718 Campus, 4 117 3 . : ..'. A ;
773 Ponpo, 5 121 10
7.">2 Koealbra, 6 121 6 ' ...
(663) Maxello, 5 US 11 ,^...-
756 Orion, a 118 0 ...
419 Sir Urlan, 4 114 8 ...
736 Mainstay, a 121 Left ...
Hm.
1 2
2 h
9.1
8 2
5 1
10
•7%
8 2
«H
11
%m. Btr.
1 2
4 2
21
6 1
3 1
c h
9
1 6
81
10 8
11
Fin. | Jockeys. ]Ol>. Cl.
1 2 Jenkins 3 1«-!
2 2 Vittitoe 2 14-5
3 1 Henry 8 15
4 H T. Walsh • 8 12
E! J. Daly 15 40
6 1 E. Jones 15 30
7 2 B. Rosa SO 60
8 h PlggTOtt 10 «
9 h Spencer 5 I
10 10 M. -Bergen..... 10 20
11 Bullman 8 12
...• H. Shields.. ... 30 40
Index. Horse. Agg. -W>lght.|St.
~723 Tlmemaker, 6 115 3 j
(752) Frank Bell. 4 HO 1
775 Headwater. 4. ......109 2
Km.
Hm.
1 Vi
3
»;m.
2 h
1%
_J
Str.
2 H
1 1
3_
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
lh T. Burns I 1 1
2 2 Spencer I 2 14-5
3 Vlttltoe I 3 14-5
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.. Urn. &m. %m.
636 May Gcrtcude IC2 S ... C h 4 2
782 Mortgage 102 4 ... 8h 3 V 4
754 Silver Tall .....104 1 ... 1 H 12
784 Summer 107 6 ... 4 h 5 %
701 Almendral 104 8 ... 6 2 6
762 Mission 107 6 ... 7 1 7H
... Hiram Johnson 104 9 ... 9 ' 8 1
772 Mildred Hughe*. ...lo4 2 ... 8 2 9
772 OlocoßO 104 7 ... 2 2 2h
Btr.
1 2
2 1
35
4%
5 1
6 1
8 1
9 .
7 V 4
Fin.
1 2
2 2
8 6
4 1
6 1
7 2
83
9 -
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
T. Walsh 6 7
Tullett ........ 8-5 8-5
Hullrnann .... .3 7-2
J. Martin 20 50
Jenkins 8 25
E. Robs 10 30
Henry 10 30
Vittitoe 30 73
M organ 30 100
[ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. '
619 Modwena, 4 U2~2
533 St. Apolllnaris. 4...114 5
755 Gold Baron. 4.... ..114 *
753 Rlcardo, a. ..:.n8 4
760 Scintillate. S 116 1
414 Formella. 5 118 7
(«09) Jockey Bill. 5 US 8 ¦
700 Correct, 4 114 9
MO Mlgg Reel. 4 112 3 .
Km.
%m. %m.
11 12
22 2 4
n 6 %
6H 7 2
4H 0 1
61 4 2
8 H 9
9 8 1
31 3 2
Str. .Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. Cl.
13 12 ißullman ...... 3 S
2 2 2 114 Buchanan .... 3 8
4 2 3n PJKKOtt 6 13-5
3 V 4 4-5 Ames 8 15
«1 B % B. R055........ 10 30
.7 %¦ 6 1 Vlttlto* ....... 10 .8
8 2 7 2 Klley 15 -15
9 8 2 E. Jones .6 7
6 1 9 Hennessey ... : 8 • . 15
[ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. '
619 Modwena, 4 U2~2
533 St. Apolllnaris. 4...114 5
755 Gold Baron. 4.... ..114 *
753 Rlcardo, a. ..:.n8 4
760 Scintillate. S 116 1
414 Formella. 5 118 7
(«09) Jockey Bill. 5 US 8 ¦
700 Correct, 4 114 9
MO Mlgg Reel. 4 112 3 .
Km.
%m. %m.
11 12
22 2 4
n 6 %
6H 7 2
4H 0 1
61 4 2
8 H 9
9 8 1
31 3 2
Str. .Fin. | Jockeys. [Op. Cl.
13 12 ißullman ...... 3 S
2 2 2 114 Buchanan .... 3 8
4 2 3n PJKKOtt 6 13-5
3 V 4 4-5 Ames 8 15
«1 B % B. R055........ 10 30
.7 %¦ 6 1 Vlttlto* ....... 10 .8
8 2 7 2 Klley 15 -15
9 8 2 E. Jones .6 7
6 1 9 Hennessey ... : 8 • . 15
Index. Horse. Agg. -W>lght.|St.
~723 Tlmemaker, 6 115 3 j
(752) Frank Bell. 4 HO 1
775 Headwater. 4. ......109 2
Km.
Hm.
1 Vi
3
»;m.
2 h
1%
_J
Str.
2 H
1 1
3_
Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
lh T. Burns I 1 1
2 2 Spencer I 2 14-5
3 Vlttltoe I 3 14-5
— j j : ' I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Welght.|St. %m. Km. %m. Btr. Fin. ) Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
662 Ping. 6 106 « 18 1 J 12 18 1 1 H. Stuart 4 8
770 Dogtown. 5 109 8 2 1 8 1 2h 2 1 2 1 Spencer J J
714 Socialist. 5 106 8 6 2 *M 4 3 4 2 3 2 Pullman | W
781 Lavator. 4 96 7 3h H 88 8h 46 T.Walsh 8-5 11-10
764 None Such, 6 103 9-8* 82 IH 61 H "**** ™ a 5?
707 Tom Cromwell, a.. .108 2 42 62 62 61 «1 Vlttltoe " "
773 Inverary 11. 5.. 106 5 95 91 91 82 71 Morgan 20 40
753 Rapldo, a 106 1 72 71 71 71 83 Ames 30 100
795 Dr. Marks. 5 104 4 6Vi 62 82 92 92 Jenkins « 1-
753 Einstein, 6 10S 10 10 10 10 10 10 Basslnger .... « W
ndex. Horse. Weight. |St.
754 Choteau 112 3
783 Red Cherry 107 7
625 Bam Dannenbaum..lO9 2
752 Formatus XO9 4 !
7«4 Aborigine 109 5
790 March Seven 107 6
(718) Bandera 107 1
784 Racetto 109 8
%m-_
4 2
6 2
6 h
8
7 5
2 X
1 I} 4 "
3 3
4 2
7 1
8
66
6 h
' 1 lhi
2 **
%m.
2 h
6 1
4 2
8
7 1
6 1 ¦
1 %
5 1
Str.
1 1
3 1
61
7
8
4 h
c m
2 1
Fin. I Jockeys. \Op. CL
11 B. Ross « 9
2Va Jenkins 6 9
8 1 Spencer * 7
4h Tullett 15 60
6 2 H. Shields 19 25
6 8 T. Walsh « 25
7 2 Henry 2 9-6
8 Bullman | 2 8
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.. Urn. &m. %m.
636 May Gcrtcude IC2 S ... C h 4 2
782 Mortgage 102 4 ... 8h 3 V 4
754 Silver Tall .....104 1 ... 1 H 12
784 Summer 107 6 ... 4 h 5 %
701 Almendral 104 8 ... 6 2 6
762 Mission 107 6 ... 7 1 7H
... Hiram Johnson 104 9 ... 9 ' 8 1
772 Mildred Hughe*. ...lo4 2 ... 8 2 9
772 OlocoßO 104 7 ... 2 2 2h
Btr.
1 2
2 1
35
4%
5 1
6 1
8 1
9 .
7 V 4
Fin.
1 2
2 2
8 6
4 1
6 1
7 2
83
9 -
| Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
T. Walsh 6 7
Tullett ........ 8-5 8-5
Hullrnann .... .3 7-2
J. Martin 20 50
Jenkins 8 25
E. Robs 10 30
Henry 10 30
Vittitoe 30 73
M organ 30 100
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. |Bt. Km.
~TH Viorls, 4 112 1
(795) Storm King, 6 121 4 ;f«."t>-
736 Espirando, B 118 2
763 Grand Sachem. 6... 118 9 ?..r-.
(682) Jael. 6 116 7
718 Campus, 4 117 3 . : ..'. A ;
773 Ponpo, 5 121 10
7.">2 Koealbra, 6 121 6 ' ...
(663) Maxello, 5 US 11 ,^...-
756 Orion, a 118 0 ...
419 Sir Urlan, 4 114 8 ...
736 Mainstay, a 121 Left ...
Hm.
1 2
2 h
9.1
8 2
5 1
10
•7%
8 2
«H
11
%m. Btr.
1 2
4 2
21
6 1
3 1
c h
9
1 6
81
10 8
11
Fin. | Jockeys. ]Ol>. Cl.
1 2 Jenkins 3 1«-!
2 2 Vittitoe 2 14-5
3 1 Henry 8 15
4 H T. Walsh • 8 12
E! J. Daly 15 40
6 1 E. Jones 15 30
7 2 B. Rosa SO 60
8 h PlggTOtt 10 «
9 h Spencer 5 I
10 10 M. -Bergen..... 10 20
11 Bullman 8 12
...• H. Shields.. ... 30 40A carrier pigeon bearing a resistrr
brand marked IX-455 dropped dead on the
deck of the steamer Queen on the evening
of the Nth Inst.
Training at Stanford
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. IS.—
The work of the Stanford baseball nine
has shown material improvement in many
points of the game during the last week.
Probably the most noticeable advance has
been In the stick work of the Individual
players. Coach Murphy feels that four
or five, of the men can be depended upon
to hit the ball when they come to the
bat. The others may hit it or they may
not. the likelihood being that they won't
If the point is badly needed. Howevor,
this fault can be overcome by hard work,
so it is felt that a few weeks hence the
players will be able to bunch their hits.
The work of the infield is still slow and
ragged. Two of its most experienced play
ers succeeded in making a total of six
errors between them in the last game with
the Fireman's Fund which goes to show
that the work of the season is not yet
far advanced. Lanagan is still improving
and ought • soon to be able to put up a
good exhibition of twirling. His speed and
curve Is all that could be desired, but he
lacks , the judgment of an experienced
player. The outfield has been strength
ened by the presence of Chet Murphy, but
there is still a tendency to miss easy
chances, which can only be done away
with by a well founded confidence among
the players. . .. -'•¦¦• -v¦'„-¦v ¦'„-¦
Coach Murphy expressed himself us
pleased with the work against 3anta
Clara yesterday. The ability to hit out
the ball at the right time brought home
the victory to the cardinal.
Work on the track still lags. Though
two professional trainers are always at
their command, the track athletes have
made little use of their services. More
men are needed in every event. Some new
talent in the pole vault and weights has
been discovered and is being rapidly de
veloped.
John Brunton, ex-track captain and at
one time the leading sprinter at Stanford,
is visiting the university for several
weeks and will coach the men in tho
sprints. It may be that his presence will
revive interest on the track.
SWIMMERS AND DIVERS.
The usual weekly competition In swim
ming and diving will be held at Sutro
Baths to-morrow. The entries follow:
Fifty-yard dash. Juvenll«»— W. "Wollbeek. P.
Sunber* O. Lowenthal. E. Mlnter. O. Owens,
G Childs. H. Fre«man. F. Ralston. R. Rldln*;
100-yanl race, amateurs— R. Dahl. H. Selzer.
H ¦Warring, C. Lundin. E. Josephs, W. Wil
no'n. W. Bell. C. Carlton, H. Stellje*. J.
O'Brien. W. Harmon. M. Sterna. T. Thoma».
W. Smith. J. Laird: tub rac*. 100 yards— U
Doud P. Sunbers. F. Carroll. R. Reilly. A.
Baudaln. E. "Wells. TV. MeCorraick. K. Beyer.
O Green; trick and fancy springboard dlvlngr—
F* Eames, F. Reilly, A. Data, J. Cathcart.
W Summers. R. Ccrdell. O. ilisner. W. Doug
lass J. Bodie. R. Ridlns. A. Darla.
THE YACHT CLUBS.
The Corinthians are Jubilant over being
able to enlarge- their clubhouse, build a
stage and otherwise Increase their accom
modations at Tlburon. The Jinks given in
this city on Thursday night was an over
•wrhelmlngr success.
The election of officers cf the San Fran
dsoo Yacht Club to serve during 1900
passed eff Wednesday night without a
tltch. H. R. Slmpkins, who had been
nominated as commodore, and R. S.
Brldgeman, •whose name had b«en sug
gested for vice commodore, withdrew,
leaving I. Gutte for commodore, the only
opposition candidate. The former senior
officer of the San Franciscos was com
pletely snowed under, receiving only two
votes, one of which was cast by ex^Com
modore W. N. McCarthy, his rival for the
office. W. N. McCarthy was elected com
modore by thirty-six votes to two, and
the rest of the ticket was carried unani
mously, as follows : H. R. Simpklns, vice
commodore; James Kitterman, port cap
tain; E. C. Bartlett, recording secretary;
W. G. Morrow, financial secretary; R. B.
Hocue, treasurer; and J. R. Savory, meas
urer.
George D. Campbell introduced an
amendment to the constitution and by
laws that the women members of the club
rhould not be permitted to vote or to bo
oone directors. Ex-Vice Commodore G.
T. S. White spoke strongly In favor of the
amendment, which was vigorously op
posed by ex-Commodore T. •L. Hill and
Financial Secretary W. G. Morrow. The
laFt named urged that the Las Amigas
Club, which meets on the upper floor of
the yacht club house for lectures, music
ale* and basket ball, has beautified the
rooms and materially benefited the yachts
men and he stated his belief that none
of the ladles wish to vote or to be elected
on the board of directors. The advocates
of the amendment urge it as a matter
of principle, although th**y admit the ad
mission of women as members has been a
diftlnct advantage to the club, both pe
cuniarily and in a social way.
Keown, Carter and Wolf seem to be lead
ing for the positions. One noticeable feat
ure of California's game this year is the
heavy hitting. She has at least five sure,
safe hitters. The team will meet the Fire
man's Fund nine to-morrow afternoon in
San Francisco at Recreation Park. Eighth
and Harrison streets.
The freshman-sophomore field day will
be held March 3. No more than four men
from each class will be allowed to com
pete In each event. The following officials
have been chosen:
Colonel G. C. Edwards, referee: G.
Hufferdine, marshal; William Drum and
H. D. Smith, timers; C. Broughton. E.
Decoto and H. E. Squires, judges at finish;
C. K. Moser. clerk of course; Roy Simonds
and J. B. McNab, Inspectors; Benjamin
Bakewell, starter; R. I. Woolsey. J. D.
Hoffman and C. R. Parker, measurers;
A. M. Walsh, Judge of walking; L. White,
TRAP SHOOTING
LURES GUNMEN
OFF THE FIELD
Elaborate Preparations for the
Opening of the Bluerock
Season.
Trap shooting is commencing already to
divert the attention of the gunmen from
field shooting and it will not be long be
fore a host of men. will be smashing clay
disks. The San Francisco Trap Shooting
Association, which has assumed the man
agement of the grounds at Ingleside, has
already made arrangements for a big sea
son's sport. W. E. Murdoch has been
made manager of the grounds. Three
dates have been arranged in March. The
members of the California Wing Club will
shoot live birds on March 4. The follow
ing Sunday the Olympic Gun Club men
will shoot live birds while the members
of the San Francisco Club will pepper
bluerocks. On the fourth Sunday the
Olympics will shoot bluerocks while the
San Francisco men will try their skill
on live birds.
The Olympians had a practice shoot at
live birds last week at which high scores
were made. W. J. Golcher killed 11-12
out of the two dozen birds at which he
shot, Clarence Nauman 11-9, C. A.
Haight 12-9, Herbert Kullman 11-10, and
Ed Fay 11. The directors of the Olympic
Gun Club have announced an entertain
ment in the clubhouse for members and
their friends on Saturday night, March
17. A number of clever entertainers have
volunteered their services and general hi
larity should prevail. At the last meet
ing of the club an associate membership
was established. This is limited to 100
members, who will be entitled to all the
privileges of the clubhouse, but not those
of the preserves. The initiation fee to
this was fixed at $2 50, with dues of ?1 a
month.
Achille Roos, who is prominently iden
tified with shooting interests, leaves next
Saturday for Mexico on pleasure bent.
The bay about Mount Eden is said to
be fairly carpeted with ducks for miles.
Some of these find their way inland, but
the majority are inaccessible to the
sportsmen.
Frank Maskey, one of the most thor
ough sportsmen on the coast, has pur
chased some property on Eel River,
where he proposes to make his home for
three months of the year. He will have
a comfortable house in the center of a
great fishing and shooting district, where
he can avail of all kinds of sport. Ellis
Robinson has been installed' as caretaker
and will secure boats and other requisites
of the sportsman.
L. R. Larzalere and J. H. Burfelnd
shot over their Alvarado preserves last
Sunday, securing a Joint bag of forty
five ducks. The day was warm and con
ditions were not favorable for good shoot
ing. - - • "
Bert Patrick will put his fortunes to
the test to-morrow in the field near
Reeds Station, Marin County. The sprig
are said to be coming in in numbers and
he expects good sport with them.
Jack Sodter and Mallady were among
the fortunate ones in Richardsons Buy
last Sunday, securing twenty-five "cans.''
Dan Ross and Plummer killed fifty Eng
lish snipe and six ducks near Point Arena
some days since. ,
Mr Muller of the Southern Pacific Com
pany killed thirty-six ducks, including
sprig, bluebllls and "cans," last Sunday
near Mount Eden.
I. R. D. Grubb and James McCutchen t
BASEBALL AND
PATH MEN OUT
ON THE CAMPUS
Bright Prospects for the Ath
letes of University of
California.
BERKELEY, Feb. 16.— The spring sea
son of athletics at the University of Cali
fornia has opened under the most favor
able conditions. The freshmen class of
fers a number of good track and baseball
men and the weather has been ideal for
preliminary training.
Track Captain William Drum has had
his squad of sixty athletes out each even-
Ing for light gymnasium work and short
cross-country runs. The principal object
is to strengthen the men's hearts and put
their wind into good condition. With slow
and careful preliminary exercise before
the hard training the results are much
better.
Xext Monday work on the track will
begin in earnest. Then the candidates for
the various events will be put through
their paces and coached. Gradually the
best men will be developed and put into
fcc-parate squads that the track captain
and trainer may watch them more close
ly. Captain Drum desires to develop dis
tance men specially for the mile and the
half-mile. Uhose are Berkeley's weakest
points and they will have to be strength
ened if success is to be attained on the
proposed Eastern trip. Squires and Gus
tafson of the old men and Faull of the
new men are the most promising. Pow
ell, who ran the mile last year, is train
ing for the hurdles. This event is also a
weak place and new men will have to be
developed.
In the sprints this year conditions are
entirely opposite from last year. Where
there were but one or two men last year
there are five or six this year who have
records. Drum, Cadogan, Symonds,
liroughton, Woolsey and Lippman ought
to make the dashes interesting. Each of
them can run in 10 2-5 seconds for the
classic "hundred."
Another two weeks should eive some
line on Berkeley's chances with Stanford
and the Eastern universities.
The present outlook in baseball is
brighter for California than it has been
in former years. Not for four years has
there been two baseball teams out for
practice each evening. The practices are
better attended by the students and there
is much more enthusiasm and interest
shown in the game. Two weeks aso
Coach Van Haltren took hold of the
squad with but four of last year's team
as a nucleus. He has shifted the men
around the diamond in order to get a line
on the best place for them until now he
has some semblance of an organization.
The infield is lining up as it probably will
against Stanford, with the possible ex
ception of third base, where there is a
strong fight between Braley, Jones and
Gardiner. Smith of football fame will un
doubtedly win the catcher's position;
Hamlhi, the initial bag; Fuller, second;
Hunttr. shortstop^ and Captain Kaars
burff, the box. Ivourse. a freshman. Is
showing j?ood form and may alternate
with Kaarsburg. In his* first game against
St. Mary's college, played on the campus
last Wednesday, he showed he was an
experienced pitcher and hard to hit.
Kaarsburff has experience in his favor
and can be counted upon never to go .to
pieces. The outfield is proving the hard
est to nIL Swan, shortstop last year, Mc-
shot near Santa Rosa last week. The
former bagged twenty-two snipe.
The score at the Olympic Gun Club
preserve last Sunday was: F. Feudner,
IS; Dr. A. T. Derby, 13, and 11. L. Mil
ler, S.
John Ringer, Tom Clark and a frirnd
fished and shot in the vicinity of Angel
Island last Sunday. The net result of
their outing was v bag of twenty "cans"
and bluebllls, and a large quantity of
rockcod.
FOR FREEDOM, the great English greyhound which won the nine stakes in which he has com
peted since his arrival here' in March, ISOS, is expected to make his appearance in competition
at Union Coursing Park next Saturday for the first time in a year. After winning the John
Grace challenge cup in February of last year he was retired from the field and much interest
Is centered in his performance next week when defending his title to the valuable trophy. For a
time it was thought he could not compete, owing to an unfortunate accident which happened him in
his kennel. In some unexplained manner he wrenched a nail from his right front foot. The
wound is healing properly and unless there is a set-back the great dog will be started/ He was
bred by the most noted coursing firm in England, the Fawcett Brothers, and was whelped in Jan
uary. ISC<6, making him four years old. He was landed in this city on March 16, IS9S, and on
March 19, three days later, was started and won. The betting opened at 10 to 1 against him and re
ceded to 75 to 1. In one round of the stake he met Move On and led him so far that Judge Bull
thought the latter unsighted and sent the brace of dogs back to slips. The next trial resulted the
same and the betters at once saw the dog's extreme speed and hammered the price down to 2 to
5. In a later round of the stake he defeated Rosette, then conceded to be the best greyhound on the
coast. He also, defeated Moondyne and Eclipse. In a few weeks it was seen he was the irreatest
greyhound in America and coursing men would not run their dogs against him except in specially
arranged champion stakes. In these good prizes were offered the (log beaten in the first round by
the ultimate winner of the stake. For Freedom showed his true speed but once. In a course with
False Flatterer, then at his best, For Freedom was unsighted and ran with head in the air some
thirty yards behind his opponent. Suddenly sighting the game he leaped out and scored the first
turn by two lengths. This has gone down in history as the fastest running ever done by a grey
hound on the local field. The pose of the dog in the picture is thoroughly characteristic of this
great greyhound. The bushy tail attracts the attention of the casual observer at once.
FLEETEST OF
DOGS TO START
FOR RICH PRIZES
Greyhounds in Training
for John Grace Cup
Stake.
All the Leashmen Are Giving
Their representatives Spe
cial Preparation for the
Great Event.
Xhe Fha;iow of the John Grace challenge
cu;> stake, to be commenced at Union
Coursing 1 Park r.ext Saturday, seems to
hover over the card at both Union Park
urni [ngleslde Park this week. There will
le well matched greyhounds running on
oiicli field, but the senEaUorial performer.-*
vji: remain in their kennels against the
time they will be called upon to run for
the richest stake in the coursing calendar.
Secretary It. L. Taylor of the Interstate
Coursing Club, ur.der the auspices of
which it v. ill be run, has received sixty
eight nominations up to the present time.
These Include For Freedom. Luxor, Bea
con, Cavalier, Whitehead, Sigquoc, Macs
Mfrlody. Recording Angel. Crawford Lad,
Crawford Braes. Rusty Gold. Sleety Mist.
For Glory. Beauty Sjiot, Bad Boy. Chicago
lioy, ihe thrte Clairs. Flora McDonald,
Caxmenclta, Pepita, Mlr.eoia. St. Anthony,
Master Lawrence. Forest King, Victor
King, Rock lbiand King, Rock ltland Boy
and others of that c!a:-s.
In addition to the challenge cup the
Helle Brandon cop stake Will also be pen
lested by the young greyhounds at tbc
f^iirae time. Both stakes -xili be com
menced -on Saturday next and completed
on Sunday.
There will be coursing at both parks «.n
"Washington's birthday. The card at Ingle
eide will be a champion Make, the draw
lor which will he fct-ld Tuesday evening.
The Bnt prize ¦will be $150 In addition to
a. silver cup of i;ke value. The trophy
becomes the property of the winner an«l
does not nave ie be coursed for several
::mps. At Union Park a regular cpen
fctake is expected to provide a good day's
coursing.
Coursing will comrner.ee at Union Park
to-day uj>on the arrival of the 10:15 irain.
The I:2S train lor Tanforan will also ?t>>p
at the park. The sport at Ingleside will
commence at 12:3vl this afternoon and 1 1:3 C
To-morrow. A r.inety-six-dog open etcke
is the attraction at Union Park, while
seventy-two dogs will go to the slips at
Ir.pleside.
Wild Tralee and Thornhill. T. J. Cro
r.in's best two candidates for the John
Orace cup, were both badly cut with
brabed wire last Monday while In train
ing and must be retired from competition
for a time. While being exercised they
met lowa ilald, Kid McCoy and others of
E. M. Kellogjr's string and a pitched bat
tie ensued. The Cronin does were muz
zled, and being una.ble to defend them
selves sought safety in flight. A barbed
wire fence In the line ol their retreat cut
them cruelly. Mr. Cronin's misfortune
did not end here, as he lost by distemper
on the same day a four-month-old pupy
by St. Lawrence-Best Trump.
John Charleton's imported dog Temple
was tried out with Lady Hugo on
Wednesday in a bye course at Ingleside
Park. The English dog made a poor show
ing, being away off in condition. He is
suffering from the change of climate and
Will hardly be ready to run for some time.
John Crar.ston, manager of the Lopez
Kennels, is particularly proud of two
young puppies which will represent the
kennels in the Be!le Brandon cup stake
r.ext Saturday. They are by Crawford
Lad-Carmen, and are named Crawford
Rf-x and Ben Lomond. They have every
qualification apparently which a coursing
man could desire. They have been shown
a hare and developed the greyhound in-
Minct at once. The Lopez Kennels will
also start Freda Mark, a sister to Van
dal, for the Belle Brandon cup.
Judge P. J. Reilly tried out a promis
ing puppy some days since with Golden
Garter. The youngster is a brindle dog,
by Moondyne-Queen Bess, and much is
expected of him when he fills out.
1). Shannon has three young greyhounds
by 6aXeguard-Sinaloa In training, of
which he expects much when they are
pronounced ready for competition. In ad
dition to these he has a Rusty Gold-Wave
and a Royal Greentick-Lucille puppy un
dergoing preparations for the coursing
field.
Captain P. M. Clarkson Is the proud
owner of a litter of ten puppies, by Moon
dyne, out of Lady Jane.
"Frank Schou has lost, through distem
per, a seven-months' old puppy by Royal
Buck of the famous "Buck" family, and
out of High Born Lady.
J. O'Bhea's Golden Gate was mated
with J. Keenan's Fear Not on the 14th
lnet.
Aer.eJfi Kennel's Van I>orie was
mated with T. A. Gaffney's False Flat
terer on the 13th Inst.
R. E. do B. Lopez's Santa Inez has
been bred to J. L. Ross' Shylock.
A. Van den Burgh's A!r Ship was bred
to J. Keenan's Fear Not on the 11th
lust.
What should prove a pood cross is the
mating: of Connell Brothers' Senorlta and
Jarnee Dean' 6 Moondyne.
R. Maher'B Vlvandler was bred on the
4th Inst. to Eterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold
T. O. Dowd's Queen of the Forest was
mated with w. P. Whiting's Rochester
on the 3d Inst.
James Hurley has lost two valuable 11
inonths' old puppies, by Master Glenkirk-
Chlffette. They were being raised on a
ranch near Concord and were poisoned
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
GOLFERS WILL
CONTEND FOR
COUNCIL'S CUP
Professionals to Com
pete on Links of Bur
lingame Club.
Men's Championship Tourna
ment of Southern Califor
nia to Begin on Wash
ington's Birthday.
The opening round of the second com
petition for the Council's cup. for men.
will be played this afternoon on the Fre
sidio links, over eighteen holea. nvUth
play. The eight who qualified last Satur
day are: R. 11. Gayloid 92, H. L>. Pli.s
.bury S6, H. B. Goodwin 97, S. L. Abbott
Jr. 9S, J. W. Byrne 101. E. J. McCutchen
102, Charles Page 104 and A. C. Ul.igh.;m
112. The pairs will be drawn by lot and
play will begin at 2 p. m. The tatr
is in fine condition. The semi-final round
will take place on the mornir.g of Wfis.i
ington's birthday and me final round In
the afternoon ut the same day.
In the afternoon of tne z.d inst. thofj
will be a consoiation handicap, over
eighteen holes, medal play, tor l.iembeia
of the San * rancisco uuii Club except
the two in the tinal round for tne Coun
cil's cup.
The fuil eighteen-hole course of the San
Rafael Uolf Club is ready and In excellent
condition, but is not yet in general u^se.
If no ram fall 3 the new course un.l t;retn<i
will be opened on Washington's birthday,
when a large tournament wu. L>e held.
The links of the liurllr.game Country
Club will be the scene on Washington's
birthday of a professional tournament,
over thlrty-slx hoies, medal play, in wh;ch
the following prizes will De awanied:
First, >75; second, $43; third. J2O. EntntJ
must reach the secretary of the Hurlm
game Country Club not later than th..- iOtn
Inst. Pluy will begin at 10 o'ciocx a. m.
Members of the Ban Francisco. OakUind
and San Rafael golf clubs are Invited to
avail themselves of the privileges of the
Burlingame Country Ciuo on that day.
The contestants will probably be Ander
son, Rawlins, Steplienson. Melville aiul
Dunn.
On the 13th inst. Mrs. W. P. Johnson and
Miss Josephine Pierce gave a dinner MX
the Oakland Golf clubhouse, the f-ivors
at which were golf balls and silver h-artj
inscribed "1&00." Among the guests vrn-e:
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. T. Waikinaon. Mr.
and Mrs George W. McNeai Jr., Mr. and
Mrs. P. E. Bowles. Mr. and Mrs. H. M. A.
Miller, Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Knowles, Mr.
and Mrs. H. E. Miller. Mr. and Mrs. Ore*.
tes Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Magee, the
Misses Lucy and Alice Moffltt. Amy Me-
Kee, Ida Belle Palmer. Bessie McNear.
and Annie Miller. It. fit Fitzgerald. S. B.
McKee. Vail Bakewell and A. L. Stone.
The tournament held on the links of the
Santa Catallna Golf Club on Friday and
Saturday. February 2 and 3. was success
ful, the weather being tine and good scores
being made. Walter Cosby of tne Los Ar
geles Country Club, playing from scratch,
won the men's open handicap, over thirty
six holes, medal play, with a gross anJ
net score of 157. E. B. Tufts, with a score
of 171 less *— 163. and Hugh May. with a
score of 175 less 12—163, tied for second
place. R. J. C. Wood was fourth, with
178 less 12—166. Hugh May covered nine
holes in 36. beating bogey, which Is 37.
The women's open handicap, over eighteen
holes, medal play, was won by Miss Grao»
Mellus. with a score of 110 le3s 30—95. the
winner's gross score being also the b?st
handed in. Mrs. Carpenter took second
place with a score of 140 lens 30—110. and
Mrs. Chapman was third with 14S less 30—
lIS. The men's driving competition was
won by Ross Smith with a drive of i*2
yards, R. Rowley being second with 130',-a
yards and W. Cosby third with 197 yar.ls.
The women's driving contest was won by
Mrs. R. H. Hay-Chapman with a drive of
103 yards. Miss Grace Mellus being second
with 97 yards. The men's handicap four
some, over eighteen holes. medal pay.
versus "Bogey." was won by Walter Co*.
by and R. J. C. Wood with a gross score
of 86. V. E. Howard and Ross Smith be
ing second with 90. The best handicap
score was also made by Ross and Smith,
who were three down. For the second
handicap prize Cosby and Wood tied with
Hugh May and A. W. Schumacher. The
teams received the following handicaps:
Cosby and Wood 2, Tufts and Rowiey I,
May and Schumacher 4. Shaffer and How
ard 5. White and Dueommon one stroke
on each hole. V. E. Howard and Rons
Smith 5. J. Duncan Dunn gave an exhi
bition after the tournament, covering the
nine holes in 37. _
Peter F. Dunne ("Mr. Dooley ) has been
playing on the links of the Los Angeles
Country Club and other golf courses in
Southern California.
orated with the silver cups to be competed,
for at the race meets, among the trophies
being the cup presented by the Duo
d'Abruzzl. which will be run for on Wash
ington's birthday in a two-mile steeple
chase over stiff country.
Last Wednesday the meet was at tha
Crystal Spring dam. on the north aide.
This afternoon it will be at Uncle Tom's
Cabin on the San Bruno road, at 3 o'clock.
The meet will be preceded by a luncheon
at 1 o'clock by invitation of the master.
Next Tuesday the members will meet at
the Burlingame Club grounds at 2 p. m.
On Washington's birthday there will be
a breakfast given by J. J. Moore at 9
a m. at hi 3 M*»nlo Park home, after which,
the riders will meet at Fair Oaks at 11
o'clock. Next Saturday the pack will b«
laid on at the Hobart farm. San Mateo.
at 3 in the afternoon.
• Our native lassies will be
come great golf-players — so says [
the local golf expert. See the
pictures of California's fairest, ;
photographed on the links espe
cially for next Sunday's Call — '
also an interesting article on -
how. they play. . ;
HANDBALL AT RYAN'S.
The devotees of handball will take p?.rt
In inn old-fafihioned frame at Phil Ryan's
San Francisco court to-morrow. M. J.
Kiigallon and BJ Linehan will again do
battle with J. Collins and J. White in the
jjrincipa! came of the day. The other
matches are:
A. MnVlrkT »r.d T. Leach vs. G. Smith and
3. Condon; E. Barry and IX fle^aji vs. T. Folt-y
and M. Kirby: V. Ryan and M. Baach vs. W.
Manion and \V. Flphfr; N. J. Pren(>rKa*t and
O. B. Hayvrard ra, W. H. Sicbert-t and W. H.
Kedlan; 11. J. V.oeert and E. J. Murphy vs.
K. Antron an 3 H. Clements; W. Majrulre and
E. Curtey v«. E. Toy and It. Hausman: G. Mc-
J>onald and P. SlcKlnnon vs. M. McNeil and
I.'. Rodger* ; J. Harlow and IC. Muluiiey vs.
J. XUordan and P. Hutcblnsoa.
WITH THE SCULLERS.
The Ariel Rowing Club is beginning to
show signs of activity and has several
applications for membership on file. At
the last meeting of the club the following
six new members were initiated: Edward
J. Murphy of the Southern Pacific law
department, John H. Desmond and Aaron
11. Brown of the Southern Pacific freight
office, Walter 11. Young of the Sun In
surance Company and Charles J. Mc-
Keon. The new officers for the first half
of 1900 were installed after the meeting.
The increase in the number of members
having rendered it necessary for the club
to own more boats, the directors were
authorized to negotiate for the purchase
of the Louise. New sets of oars and new
sliding seats have been ordered from the
East and the barges and skiffs are being
put into first-class order.
Kington of the University of California
is getting together a four-oared crew, so
that it is to be hoped the university will
be represented in some of the races dur
ing the coming season. Smith and Allen
are' also practicing in outrigged. skiffs.
An intercollegiate rowing contest seems
still a long way off. as until the Palo
Alto men have good water upon which
to practice there is not much likelihood
of the Berkeley men taking to rowing
with any great enthusiasm.
John Hammersmith, leader of the
Olympic Club, is as enthusiastic as ever
about the project of establishing a run
ning track, athletic field and boating
quarters for the Olympians on the Ala
meda side. He has not waited for the ac
complishment of his plans before begin
ning to row for himself, for he has al
ready joined the Alameda Boat Club and
goes out in the outrigged skiff under the
coaching of S. J. Pembroke. Though Mr.
Pembroke has reached an age at which
most men give up racing, he has an
nounced himself as ready to pull five
miles in an outrigged skiff against all
comers.
Captain J. Lewis, F. "W. Avers and
George H. Miller have been appointed a
committee to have a new outrigged skiff
built for the Alameda Boating Club. F.
W. Ayers intends to try to gain the high
est place among scullers, and will prac
tice with a view of meeting A. W. Pape
in the outrigged skiff. The Alamedas have
organized a new junior barge crew as
follows: E. Hainan, bow: E. B. Thornlg,
No. 2; E. M. Hunter, No. 3; George Lewis,
stroke. -¦.v>v. -^
DRAG HUNTERS
PREPARE FOR
A BUSY WEEK
San Mateo County Hunt Will
Enjoy Three Runs After
the Hounds.
The members of San Mateo County
Hunt met last Saturday at Belmont sta
tion and enjoyed a fine run, the course
being so laid that it could be followed al
most all the way by those who drove
along the road. Many friends of the
horsemen drove to i Belmont to see the
throw-off and to witness the finish at the
Brittans house, near San Carlos. In the
evening the master of the hunt was enter
tained at dinner by the members at the
Burlingame Country Club house. The
health of Francis J. Carolan was proposed
by J. J. Moore and responded to by Mr.
Parrott, who said that the master had
done rruch to encourage the sport of drag
hunting, and that he hoped to see more
pink coats in the field in future. W. S.
Hobart toasted Duncan Hayne, the treas
urer of the Hunt Club, and the latter
made a neat response. F. J. Carolan then
arose and proposed the health of W. S.
Hobart. who, he said, founded the sport
on the Pacific Coast by importing the first
pack of drag hounds. The health of "the
man who broke most fences" was drunk,
with much laughter.
This honor belongs to E. D. Beylard.
who rever misses a run and hits a good
many top rails. The dinner table was dec-
IMP. FOR FREEDOM, J. H. ROSSETER'S $10,000 GREYHOUND.
Painted for The Call by C. Tebbs.
Charge Against Salomon Dismissed.
The preliminary examination of Benja
min I. Salomon, charged with assault to
murder during the fight for possession of
the Tax Collector's office on January 8,
was brought to a close yesterday after
noon by Judge Cabaniss dismissing the
case George Fletcher, superintendent of
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery: Theodore
Kytka, handwriting expert; B. F. Lam
bourn, City Clerk of Alameda; Attorney
Ruef, and Wallace Weldeman. a reporter,
testified that it was impossible for Salo
mon to have fired. the shot, as they were
close -to him at the time and it was. not
flred from the direction in which he was
standing.
SPORTS
I DR. MEYERS & CO. |
I I Skilled Specialists for Men. ¦
I /^^^fJU«\ Established J9 Years.
3 V\2§{%34]^^) PAY W ™^ WELL.
| CONSULTATION FREE.
| Men who treat with these able physicians may deposit the price of a
8 cure in any bank in San Francisco. If they are not cured in a specified
a time the bank will return the money. This offer shows confidence backed
1 •by ability to cure. No other doctors will make such a proposition.
1 Dr. Meyers & Co. conduct the largest and best equipped medical insti-
ls tution and have the most extensive practice in America. They will not
I take an incurable case at any price and never use injurious or dangerous
1 j drugs or electric belts.
] Other doctors charge extra- fcr remedies and appliances. Dr. Meyers &
Co. furnish all these free to patients.
1 Home cures a specialty. Private book and advice free at office or
by mail.
7QI Market Street eletatoe r^"ir y
¦ W-X SAPCF3ANCISCO. ENTRANCE Evenlngs-T to 8
-----'--'¦- ; ' * ¦
5President Wheeler of the University of California is
very sure that when the Chinese learn the use of iron
they will be the world's masters of commerce. There
may be no necessary relation between the facts, but
the hatchetmen of Chinatown have shown their su
periorit} 1 in the use of at least one implement of iron.
And the only commerce in the matter is the sale of
their services.
Even horseflesh, it is said, is becoming a luxury in
Kimberley. If affairs do not change for the better
a diet of diamonds will supplant in interest that fabu
lous feast of gold of which the world has heard so
much.
A disgusted resident of Alameda says that when he
leaves the county he intends to stay away for seven
thousand years. The other inhabitants of the county
ought to throw him out as a matter of self-vindication.
American civilization continues to play havoc with,
the institutions of the Cubans. The cigarmakers'
strike has ended and the Cubans must go to work.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ANSWERS ITSELF— F. H. F., City.
The following question, as presented, an
swers Itself: "A and B play casino with
the understanding that the one who
makes the most points wins the game. A
makes six points and B five, which wins
the game?" It is evident that the corre
spondent has not stated the question
fully.
REMAINS OF COLUMBUS— A. S., City.
The body of Christopher Columbus was
carried in, 1536 to San Domingo and in
1796 transferred to the Cathedral of Ha
vanna, where it reposed until July 2.
18S7, when it was taken from Havana to
Genoa on an Italian man 'of war and
buried with ceremonial pomp in his na
tive city, Genoa-
A BROKEN WINDOW— L A. F.. City.
If unknown boys throw a stone and acci
dentally break the window of a store the
damage would have to be repaired by the
owner of the property, as the act was not
that of the tenant, and it is the duty of
the owner to keep the premises in good
repair, unless there is an understanding
that all repairs shall be made by the ten
ant.
Townspnd's California Glace Fruits back
to Palace Hotel, 633 Market st. •
SNEAK TACTICS.
rROM the course which has been taken by Phe
lan and Lawrence, as disclosed partly by certain
proceedings of the Police Commission, but
mainly by the indiscreet rage of the Examiner, it ap
pears the gang have concocted a scheme to obtain
control of the Police Department by sneak tactics.
Esola, who was permitted to withdraw a candidacy
which should have been rejected on the ground of
his personal unfitness, is to be promoted and put in
line for the position of Chief as soon as a vacancy
occurs; and the gang may make a vacancy sooner
than the public expects.
It is evident from all these things that the public
must be on guard. Biggy was retired from the Police
Commission mainly for gratification of malice, but
in the malice there was cunning. The reorganized
commission has made a showing of honest intention,
and the public will be slow to impute dishonor to
them. Nevertheless, the outlook is ominous. The
manner in which Biggy is being hounded even after
he is out of office looks like an effort on the part of
Lawrence to show the Commissioners what is in store
for them if they stand as Biggy did for honesty
against the schemes of gamblers and blackmailers.
The "new phase of the situation is one that no pub
lic spirited citizen can afford to overlook. The indig
nation that forced the gang to drop the scheme for
a while must not be permitted to pass away and give
place to indifference. The danger is not over. Phe
lan is still in office, Lawrence is still in charge of
the Examiner, the gamblers and blackmailers are still
in the city, the pliant Esola is still available for dirty
work in high officfe. It is no time for the people to
permit their attention to be distracted from the issue.
The sneaks are but waiting for the storm to blow
over. As soon as they think it safe to do so, the en
croachments will begin, and little by little they will be
pushed forward, until we have in San Francisco that
wide-open town the rascals desire. They can afford
to wait, for the profits they will make by tribute
levied on the tenderloin and Chinatown, by exactions
from saloon-keepers, and the gains they will take in
over their own gambling- rooms, will be a' rich spoil
when Esola is Chief and Lawrence and Mose Gunst
run the town.
A movement to license poolrooms is receiving some
encouragement from the authorities. The earnest
devotees of the charter probably did not suspect that
the vaunted reforms of the new government involved
one that shall protect and legalize establishments
which will be feeding stations for the State peniten
tiary.
TO EXTEND POUND LIMITS.
Supervisors' Hospital Committee Will
Recommend It. '
The Supervisors' Hospital Committee
yesterday unanimously decided to recom
mend the passage of an ordinance extend
ing the pound limits. This course is the
result of a petition of numerous residents
in the district affected wherein it was re
quested that the limits be extended to
the following line: Commencing 1 at Mis
sion and Canal streets, along Tlngley
street to Alemany avenue, to Croke street,
to Mission, to Russia avenue, to Edinburgh
street, to China avenue, to Lisbon street,
to Silver avenue, to Craut and Canal
streets, the point of beginning.
The committee also decided to insert a
clause in all proposals inviting 1 bids for
milk for public institutions that the milk
be the product of cows that have been
subjected to the tuberculin test.
PRESS COMMENTS
CONTRAST THESE STORIES.
Fresno Republican.
Edward H. Hamilton of the Examiner Is
a good reporter— too good to work for the
Examiner. When he is left to himself he
tells the truth lilfe a man, and when he is
instructed to invent a lying roorback he
omits his signature, that the responsibility
may rest where it belongs. Contrast the
ridiculous tale of bribery sent up from
Sacramento with the generously apprecia
tive article on Senator Bard in yesterday's
Examiner. The one was the Examiner's
instructions, and lied: the other was Ham
ilton's report, and told the truth.
All the same, the Examiner Is a skulking
coward, as nothing better shows than this
incident. Probably it does not yet know
what hurt it, but when it ran up against
the solidest fact In the world — a strong
man's character — it discovered that some
thing was amiss, and retired with more
haste than dignity. For once it has not
had the courage to carry an indecent be
ginning to the filthy end, and for this
small boon of cowardice let us be duly
thankful.
—Chicago Trfbnn*.
AMUSEMENTS.
Crlumbla — "TT* Viceroy."
Orphfum — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "The Idol ft Eye."
Grand Owra-houee — "Aladdin Jr."
Alhambra— JpfTnw-Sharkfy Contest Pictures.
California — "An Unconventional Honeymoon."
Alcazar— "Oh. Susannah."
<"hute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
?¦voninfi.
Olympia. corner nf M«s=cn and Ed<sj- streets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Prize Masquerade.
Wee Urn Turf Association— Uaces to-day.
SATURDAY FEBRUARY 17, 1000
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
/ddress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
ri IILICATIO.> OFFICE. .Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Vnlu 18GS.
EDITORIAL nOOMS. . . .217 to 221 Stevenson SI.
Trlrpbone Slain 1874.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. 15 Ont» Per Week.
Single Copten. 5 Cent*.
Terra* by Mall. Including- Pontftßret
DAILY CAIX (tnrlndlns; Sunday), one year. .Jfi.OD
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 4i month*. . 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Snndny). 3 raontha. . I.RO
DAILY CALL — llv Single Month Gse
M.WUAV CALL One Year IJW»
WEEKLY CALL One Year l-OO
All postmasters are authorized to receive
tab Her lptlonx.
r-ample copies will be forwarded when requested
OAKLAND OFFICI2 HIS Uroadway
C. GCORGB KI£OG\K«S.
Manasrer Furrltn * d »«»rt lulnc. Mur«mette Bnlld
lntr. Chicago.
SfEW YORK COHIIKSrOMIKSTI
C C CAULTO* Ilerald Sanare
CniCAGO NEWS STA.\DSi
Sherman Hoimr; I». O. \e«vn Co.t Great North
ern 11 old: Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
SEW YORK NEWS STASDSi
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotels A. Ilrentano, 31 I'nlon
Sgnarei .Murrnj Hill Hotel.
NEW YOIIK UEPUKSEVTATIVEI
TERRY LIKE.VS JR 2tt Tribune ISnlltllnc
WASHIXCTOX <n. C.) OFFlCE.. Wellington Hotel
J. F. BKGUSH, Correspondent.
DRANTH OFFICES C 27 Montgomery* corner of
Clay, open until Ot3O o'clock. 300 Haye*.
open until i'-.'Mi o'clock. <J3!> .McAllister, open
until l*i3O o'clock. <115 I.nrkin. open until
»:3O o'clock. IIMI Mission, open rnltl 10
o'clock, --til Market, corner Sixteenth, open
until U o'clock. ]<»:»<» Valencia, open until O
o'clock. KM Eleventh, open until 1» o'clock.
>\V. corner Twenty-second and Kentncky,
open nntil O o'clock.
The Mystery of Dust at Sea.
It Is a puzzling fact that the decks of sailing;
vessels show dust at night, even If they be
washed in the morning, and no work is done
during the day. This Is like Indigestion, which
creeps on one unawares. However It comes.
the only way to cure It Is by the use of Hos
teller's Stomach Bitters, a remedy which never
falls to cure dyspepsia in all its forms, as well
as prevents malaria. ¦; fever and ague.
The developments and revelations in the unsavory
Fair litigation suggest that those who deal in perjury
and expect that men will stay bought after they have
been purchased ought to incorporate a society for the
protection of bribers.
Hardships and sufferings. Lord Roberts says,
agree splendidly with the British troops in South
Africa. The great General has neglected to tell us
how the troops agree with their, new found conditions.
The Redding man who sent a bullet through his
brain because the daughter of his landlady, refused to
endow him with her exclusive devotion probably felt
that he had received the worst end of a business
transaction in which his stake was board and lodging
for life. Ws%?
President David Starr Jordan predicts that we arc
about to sec "the rise of the common man." Can it
be possible that the learned head of Stanford Univer
sity has an inside tip on an impending powder-mill
explosion?
Our newly acquired fellow citizens of Hawaii will
be spared at least the agonies of United States Sena
torial investigations. The islands are to be organized
as a territory.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...fore...
Nome, St Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
™ NCISCO S - "PORTLAOTr.. ApriI JO. 1900
FROM SEATTLE g o "DORA" i_>i m i«aa
i..ou san £i3SOTit^Si 22
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S . S. "ST. PAUU" May Mth
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM 5EATTLE...........:. S . 8 . "BERTHA." commencing AprU SOi
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
ha WMMERCUL COMPANT. *1« Sansom* street. Saa Fraaclseo Cat
For BeatU* salltasa apply to OPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual Ltf» Bulldla*. Se»tU«.W«X
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Feb. 16.— W. E. Scott
of. San Francisco Is at the Gordon; J. \V.
Taylor of San Francisco is at the Shore
ham; F. C. Williams of San Francisco is
at the Metropolitan.
A Miser's Last Will.
The will of Peter Cunningham, the
miser who died Thursday at St. Mary's
Hospital, was filed for probate by Attor
neys Sullivan & Sullivan yesterday. In
the petition for the probate of the will
It is stated that decedent's estate Is val
ued at about $60,000. Relatives In the East
and in Ireland are named as beneficiaries.
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa Fe Route.
Connecting trains leave at 5 p. m. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any Hn« to
the East. Ticket office, (23 Market street.
After a sleepless night, use Dr. Siegert's An-
gostura Bitters to tone np your system. All
druggists.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wlde-veatibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday ar.d
Friday. Ticket office. CS Market street.
THE OFFENSE OF PERJURY.
OUT of the Fair case there has come one of
those instances of perjury which constitute
about the blackest and most dangerous blot
there is upon our administration of law. This offense
is sensational and startling, because it occurs in a suit
involving millions of money and affecting a family
which has now attained to the highest social emi
nence. Similar offenses, however, have been, unfortu
nately, too frequent. The public hears of them first
from this side and then from that. At times they arc
committed under circumstances which raise a strong
suspicion that members of the bar have connived at
tHem if not actually prepared them.
In this case the perjury is extraordinary. Simpton,
who once was sufficiently esteemed by his fellow citi
zens to be elected Justice of the Peace, made an affi
davit and swore he had married James G. Fair to Mrs.
Nettie R. Craven. It was expected he would testify to
that effect in court. Instead of doing so he makes a
counter affidavit alleging that he had been offered
$i 0,060 to testify that he had performed the marriage,
and that he had given a pretended consent for the
purpose of entrapping the conspirators and exposing
their guilt.
That a gross crime has been committed against the
law is apparent. It behooves the courts to inquire
into the offense and explore it to the bottom of its
black depths. Our courts must be kept clean of per
jury, or otherwise high-handed fraud will seat itself
in the temples that should be sacred to inviolate jus
tice. The evil is growing, and this case, by reason of
the wide fame it will have, is a most excellent one in
which to demonstrate the power of the law to clear
the courts of such offenders.
PHELAN'S LOST PRESTIGE.
Modesto Herald.
Mayor -Phelan has further depreciated
his prestige by removing W. J. Biggy
from the San Francisco Police Commis
sion on the flimsiest pretexts. In reality
Commissioner Biggy refused to follow the
programme outlined for the commission
by the Mayor, Involving the payment of
campaign debts to the Examiner by the
election of an incompetent man as Chief
of Police. This proposition has necessarily
been abandoned, and \V. P. Sullivan, who
has been the Mayor's private secretary,
receives the place.
The Magic of a Word.
"How, In the name of all that Is won-
derful, did you induce Putter, the golf
enthusiast, to go gunning vith you?"
"Why, I told him that I was going to
hunt lynx." — Boston Courier.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cream mixed candies. 25c lb. Townsend's.^
Free exhibition of candy making, from 1
to 6 p. m.. at Townsend's. 735 Market st. •
COST OF HIS BLUNDER.
Tulare Register.
Mayor Phelan has not come out of the
Esola and Police Commission business
with credit. It Is the first severe blow
that he has received since he took office,
but it is a stinger and the sting thereof
will hurt for a long time to come. The
turning over of the appointment of the
Police Commissioners to Andy Lawrence
of the Examiner was a profound blunder
and evidently the result of a pre-election
bargain that ought not to have been
made. The farming out of appointments
to office is about the last depth of polit
ical depravity and shows that Mayor Phe
lan has not that lofty character and high
sense of honor that his admirers In all
parties fondly hoped he possessed. He Is
smirched and the smut will stick to him
during his official career, which career Is
likely to be greatly shortened by the Inci
dent.
The Board of Supervisors have reached the conclu
sion that the tracks of the Southern Pacific Company
which have constituted death's road through the Mis
sion are a nuisance. This appears to be a new name
for an agency that has brought death and suffering
as the price of its existence.
AMEND THE CHARTER.
SIXCE the exposure of the trick by which the
telephone corporation succeeded in having the
new charter so framed as to leave that or any
other telephone corporations exempt from municipal
supervision and regulation, it has become evident to
r.JI public spirited citizens that the charter must be
amended. It is unfair that corporations controlling
one kind of public utility should be possessed of privi
leges not granted to others, nor is it consistent with
a just public policy that any such corporation should
be outside of municipal supervision, and superior to
its direction.
The amendment in this case is the more urgent be
cause the defect in the charter was brought about by
trickery and intrigue. A large majority of the framers
of the charter were unaware of the exemption given
to telephone corporations when they approved the
charter, and the citizens knew nothing about it when
they ratified the instrument. We have thus not only
a defect to be remedied, but a wrong to redress, and a
double motive therefore prompts to immediate action.
Section 8 of article XI of the constitution of Cali
fornia, after defining the processes by which cities, and
counties and cities, may be provided with charters,
says: "The charter so ratified may be amended at
intervals of not less lhan two years, by proposals
therefor submitted by the legislative authority of the
city to the qualified electors thereof, at a general or
special election, held at least forty days after the pub
lication of such proposals for twenty days in a daily
newspaper of general circulation in such city, and
ratified by at least three-fifths of the qualified electors
xoting thereat, and approved by the Legislature as
herein provided for the approval of the charter. In
submitting any such charter, or amendment thereto
any alternative proposition may be presented for the
choice of the voters and may be voted upon separ
ately without prejudice to others."
By that provision of the constitution a clear way
is open for immediate action toward the desired
amendment to our new organic law. The Supervis
ors, being the legislative body of the city, should at
once frame a resolution in the nature of an amend
ment to the charter, conferring upon the city govern
ment the right to regulate telephone companies and
corporations, and direct the Election Commission to
call for a special election upon the issue without de
lay. The amendment should be adopted by the peo
ple this year so that it may be ratified by the Legis
lature when that body meets next January. Moreover,
the election should be called early, for two reasons —
first, that the subject may be taken up while it is
ftesh in the minds of the people; and, second, so that
the issue may be disposed of before the coming of the
excitemer.ts of the Presidential campaign.
The matter is in the hands of the Supervisors. They
alone have the right of initiative under the constitu
tion. They cannot be ignorant of the temper of pub
lic sentiment upon the subject. It is therefore not
too much to expect that they will give it prompt con
sideration and take the steps required to bring about
the amendment.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge I. F. Posten of Selma Is at the
Lick.
Walter Langley Is at the Grand from
Victoria. B. C. '
Rev. A- "W. Edelman of Los Angeles la
a guest at the Lick.
G. H. Reislng, a traveler from London,
Is registered at the Palace.
John G. Mott, the Los Angeles capital
ist, is a guest at the .Palace.
A. C. Bingham. a banker and capitalist
of Marysvllle, is at the Palace.
L. W. Moultrie, a prominent attorney
of Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
Theo. de Berigny arrived on the Coptic
from Japan and registered at the Occi
dental.
James F. Peck, the prominent Merced
attorney, Is at the Lick, accompanied by
his wife.
Professor and Mrs. W. H. Hudson have
come up from Stanford and are staying at
the Occidental. * >?
Dr. C. W. Crile, a leading medical man
of Cleveland, Ohio, is at the Palace, ac-
compenied by his wife.
Thomas J. Kirk, Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, Is registered at the Lick
from his home in Sacramento.
Miss May Collins, who has been spend
ing the last six months in New Tork, is
now visiting" friends in Chicago.
H. Z. Osborne, United States Marshal
at Los Angeles, is a guest at the Palace
while on a flying visit to this city.
S. Nishi and T. Nagusho, two officers of
the imperial Japanese navy, are registered
at the Occidental, en route to the East.
Captain N. Nicelson is at the Grand,
where he arrived yesterday from Seattle.
A. C. Luck cf Austin, Nev., is at the
Palace.
Commander Richard Inch. U. S. N., hav
ing completed his term of service with
the Asiatic squadron, Is on his way home
from the Orient. He is at the Occidental.
Sir Robert Clarke and E. E. D. Clarke,
young Englishmen, who are touring the
world on pleasure bent, are among those
who arrived yesterday on the Coptic from
Japan. They are registered at the Occi
dental.
John L. Truslow, general agent of the
passenger department of the Santa Fe,
who has been confined to his home for
some time past, is now on the road to re
covery and expects to resume his duties
within a short time.
Lieutenant N. F. Vogel, Lieutenant V.
A. Lublning and Lieutenant V. Bog
dauowskl of the imperial Russian navy
are at the Palace. They arrived in the
city yesterday on the Coptic from the
Orient and are on their way home to St.
Petersburg via the United States. •
AUCTION SAXES.
By Jfew Tork Auction Co. — Tuesday. February 20. at 11
o'clock. Government *upj>lles. at £16 Washington street.
With the grace of a premiere danseuse
Buller dances from kopje to kopje
As he flits 'cross and 'cross the Tugela
With a
hopje,
skipje,
jumpje. •
PARTY MANAGEMENT.
SINCE the happy and successful conclusion of
the long contest for the election of a Senator
much has been well and pointedly said about
the reorganization of the Republican party of Cali
fornia. In one sense the party needs no reorganiza
tion. As an organic political body it acts through
certain agents called commiueemen. Sometimes these
forget that they are agents or trustees, and proceed
to act for themselves, for their own personal advan
tage, without regard for the welfare of their principal
and trustor, the party. Some of these agents have
perhaps had this merely personal idea of their posi
tion and its powers and functions since the great vic
tory of 1898. The election of Senator Bard, in ac
cordance with a policy that came up from the great
body of the party, is notice to such that attention has
been drawn to the error of their ways.
As we view it a party committeeman and an officer
elected by a party simply hoW a party and a public
trust, and have no more right to use it for personal
profit than has a fiduciary trustee to convert to his
own use funds held under his trust.
Therefore we take it that when reorganization of the
Republican party is mentioned and urged it means
that the trustees of the party will be selected freely
and without duress, promise, bargain or barter of any
kind, with anybody, and that they will simply act as
the party agents and assume none of the authority of
a principal.
An officer elected by the party, with the appointing
power, should use it without invidious discrimination.
He has no right to dispense it in payment for votes
cast in the Legislature for Senatorial candidates, or
for any other specific personal purpose. As he has
no right to dispense it as a reward, he has none to
withhold it as a punishment. His obligation runs to
the whole party which elected him. In the party are
perhaps large numbers, enough to have turned the
result at the polls, who were called on to quench their
likes and forget their dislikes in party loyalty. Had
they not done so he would not have won in the ballots.
Therefore such officer must treat all men in his party
just as his party had to treat him in order to elect
him. When he does this there are no divisions, no
feuds nor factions, and the man who is capable of it
advances any further ambitions he may have much
more by this proper use of his power than he can by
its misuse in building up a personal following by a
system of rewards and punishments.
We assume, then, that the Republican party intends
to enforce these proper principles in the future. In
doing so it does not propose to impeach or punish
anybody nor to indict and stand as accuser of any.
It will accomplish its purpose by the selection of
agents known by their record to be fitted for that
sort of trusteeship. That, stated in its simplest terms,
is what is meant by party reorganization. When the
next convention meets it will be to deliberate, not to
ratify without examination a programme pre
pared by its agents. It will tolerate discus
sion of every purpose and proposition. Through
intolerance of discussion and weak surrender to as
surance and noise it was placed in the painfully false
position on the money question in 1896. Instead of
standing for a principle, seasoned and proved by dis
cussion, it was rushed into the indorsement of a pro
gramme which was upset in the National Convention
and nearly led to disaster in the election.
In fine, the party will have leaders, but not bosses.
The leader discusses principles and persuades to their
adoption. The boss gives orders. The leader is an
educator and administers neither punishment nor re
ward. The boss rules solely by using patronage to
compel obedience. The leader is a teacher. The
boss is a tyrant. When a party succeeds under a
leader he is watchful of it that it enforces the prin
ciples taught. When it wins under a boss he treats
his patronage as private property, to dispense as he
pleases, regardless of the party honor or the public
good.
We believe that the party wants leaders and not
bosses. It wants wise leaders, who, viewing the whole
economic field whereon party policy reflected in gov
ernment affects the welfare of the people, are equipped
by knowledge for counsel. It does not want pseudo
leaders, who see visions and dream dreams. Nor does
it want that class of pretenders who, lacking in posi
tive knowledge, experiment with policies and govern
ment by the rule of thumb. It wants cool-headed, far
sighted and thoroughly informed leaders, and when
its want is made known they will not be lacking.
STRATEGY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
A QUESTION OF VERACITY.
BY an editorial in the Examiner of yesterday the
public is apprised that the gang which sought
to obtain control of the Police Department by
the election of Esola as Chief is vindictively bitter in
defeat, and is seeking not only to gratify its malice
but to obtain by sneak tactics the office and the power
that were snatched from it.
As William J. Biggy i s the man who baffled the
scheme of the conspirators and saved the city from
their looting, it is against him their malice is mainly
turned. He was yesterday denounced by the Ex
aminer as a liar. Such a denunciation from such a
source will raise rather than lower Mr. Biggy in pub
lic esteem. Still the form of the malicious attack
raises certain questions which the people would like
to have answered.
Mr. Biggy has stated that he received his appoint
ment as Police Commissioner primarily from Law
rence, and that Phelan as Mayor did no more than
ratify it. Will the Examiner state whether that is or
Mr. Biggy has said that Lawrence told him that
Phelan promised Lawrence the four Police Commis
sionerships, and that it was upon the basis of that
promise Lawrence offered one of the commissioner
ships to Biggy. Will the Examiner state whether or
not that is true?
Mr. Biggy has asserted it was Lawrence and not
Phelan who selected all four of the Police Commis
sioners, that Phelan totally abdicated his functions
in that "respect in favor of Lawrence. Will the Ex
aminer tell if that be true?
.Mr. Biggy has declared Lawrence told him the
Mayor had given Lawrence the four positions to be
filled with Lawrence's own friends, and that Law
rence said his principal object was to have Esola
chosen Chief of Police, and that Phelan knew it and
was agreeable to the selection. Will the Examiner
affirm or deny that statement?
Mr. Biggy has said that at the time he was offered
the commissionership by Lawrence he was asked by
Lawrence to vote for Esola as Chief of Police. Will
the Examiner answer if that statement be true or
false?
The Examiner has charged in general terms that
Biggy is a liar. Now let it come forward and say
in what he has lied. The questions which The Call
has stated are some of those which occupy the public
mind. Will the Examiner for once have the courage
to meet an issue frankly? Will it put aside equivo
cation, evasion, shifting, shirking and all kinds of
sneaking, and answer the questions?
When the questions have been answered, if the Ex
aminer dare answer them, The Call Will/ have some
thing more to say on the subject. If the words and
statements of Mr. Biggy need confirmation The Call
will furnish it.
Out of all the revelations that have come of this
miserable scandal nothing appears that stains the
honor of Mr. Biggy. On the contrary, his reputation
as an honest man and a fearless, upright official has
been increased by each new disclosure. He now holds
in the community a position of which his friends may
be justly proud. He has shown himself to be the
natural enemy of scoundrels — one whom they can
neither delude, entice nor terrify. He can well afford
to ignore such malice as the baffled gang of gamblers
and blackmailers are now showing; but, for all that,
the public would like to hear from Lawrence on the
specific charges that have been made. Will Lawrence
answer, over his signature, or will he, behind the foul
curtain of Hearst's paper, continue to shirk, evade,
malign, slander and lie?
The Great Kentucky Political
Feud.
You have undoubtedly been fol
lowing with interest the daily ac
counts of the political situation in
Kentucky, prior and subsequent to
the assassination of Senator Wil
liam Goebel. Next Sunday's Call
will contain an interesting pen pic
ture of the life and character of
this remarkable man.
6GRAND •
PRIZE MASQUERADE
OF THE
VEREIN EINTRACHT
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900,
ADMISSION, ONE DOLLAR
Reserved Seats 50 cents extra.
Falling of Uterus, Painful Monsos
11 Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — I want to tell you how
much good your medicine has done me.- I suffered
for two years with different female troubles. 1
had falling of the womb, whites, irregular and
painful menstruation, suoh terrible headaches
and bearing down pains, I was nearly crazy. I
paid out a great many dollars for doctor's medi-
cine, but obtained no relief, and the doctor told
me I could not be oured. My husband insisted
on my taking your medicine and I must say I
never had anything help me so much and in so
short a time. I have now taken eight bottles of
the Vegetable Compound and am well. My cough
is gone and I can work all day without feeling
tired. My health is better than it has been for
ten years. I know Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta-
ble Compound saved my life and I advise all
women to take it.' I—Mbs.1 — Mbs. C F. Tunkicliff,
Weggeland, Minn.
Uierino and Ovarian Troubio
" Deak Mrs. Pikkham :— L have followed your
kind and free advioe and am to-day a new wo-
man. My last doctor told me I would have to go
through an operation before I could be well. I
had womb and ovarian trouble. ' I would suffer
something terrible, such pain in my left side and
it seemed as though I was all falling to pieces.
Was nervous all the time, and could not sleep
nights. I cannot thank you enough for being
so kind to me. I shall always recommend your
medicine and hope that my letter may benefit
some other poor suffering woman." — Mbs. Wm.
Stose, North Dana, Mass.
A Beautiful Baby Boy
"Dkak Mrs. Pinkham :— lt was my ardent J^^*W^p|s^^ak
desire to havo a child. I had boon married three *«P r
years and w as childless, so wrote to you to find vt^^^^T
out the reason. A i ter following: your kind advice \l|i|ra§M3sj^
and taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, I became the mother of a beautiful baby boy, the joy of our home,
lie Is a fat, healthy baby, thanks to your medicine." — Mes. Hind a Fejklk,
Roscoe, N. Y. . '. ¦ •
Write to Mrs. Pinkham, Lynn, Mass., if you are ill. The
efficiency of her advice is proven by thousands of letters from
women who have been cured of serious female trouble by
&YBIA E. PINKHAM'S VEGETABLE COMPOUND
BEACHING OUT FOR BUSINESS.
Illinois Central Will Probably Estab
lish an Agency in This City.
John T. Harahan, vice president of the
Illinois Central, accompanied by A. H.
Hanson, general passenger agent, and W.
G Markham, assistant traffic manager of
the same road, arrived In the city.yester
day In a private car from Portland, Or.
They are registered at the Palace.
Mr Harahan's trip Is taken with the ob
ject of looking over the business situation
here and preparing the way for the estab
lishment of an agency of the Illinois Cen
tral in this city. .
The Illinois Central has just completed
the extension of its main line to Omaha,
and Is now reaching out for Its share of
the freight and passenger business of the
West This new link to Omaha which
has Just been added to the road gives It a
solid line from that point to Chicago and
over its Southern division it is now pos
sible "to ride on Illinois Central rails from
either Chicago or Omaha to New Orleans
and most of the other prominent railroad
points in the South. \
While on his way out to this city Mr.
Harahan established agencies at Salt
I^ake City, Denver and Portland, and will
in all probability establish one in this city
and another In Los Angeles. The party
leaves on Monday for Chicago via Los
Angeles and the Southern part of the
State.
A3IUSF.TyrF.TfTS.
f\ IPF nnif 1 I Corner Fourth and
CAFE BOMLsfc^ss
Will a. IIV»iI I L_ gc Overcoat* and
Valises checked free.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"Hoot Men, Nothing's Safe Around Him "
MATTXEE TO-PAT AT 2.
EVERY EVENING AT 8.
FIFTH WEEK OF
THE IDOL'S EYE.
AND IT CONTINUES NEXT WILK! !
POPULAR PRICES - - 25 and SO centa.
Telephone— Bush 9.
A.l.T,X«rvov» Dinrttzra— Failinc Mem-
ory. 61»eple««nee». «?tc. canoed by o»er-
work and Indiscretions. Th*y quickly
atttl f-rtly restore Loot Vitality in old
or yoang. and tit a man fcr stud;, bust*
Dma or ple&cara. Prevent In«»city nu-J
Oonftamption it taken in time. Tbsir
ess shows lea mud (ht/j improvement and effect a CURE
where all otbera fall. Insist opon having the genuine
Ajax Tablets. They have cured thousand* and will
cure you. Wa give a positive written guarantee to ef-
fect a care ia each ca.se or refund the money. Price
K 1 ntr> J* r package, or aix packages (full treat-
WvJblSi mentj for $2.60 br mail, ln plain wrapper.
anon rro*ipt of price. Circular* free.
AJAX REMEDY CO.. 7 ? J^ a £ ol ? ) , st -
For sal* la 8. F. by Lelpalts * Co., No Per-
*«nta«e Drue Co., Owl Drug Co., 8. F.. Omkl'd.
fSK CHICHCSTER'S ENGLISH
pENHYROYfiLPJLLS
P?-f"?Si>T\6AFE. *lwa»» reliable. I.adle*. a»k Uratrtim
C Ji\ A&SLU for CHIdnKSTEK'S KNGLISH
jf'N#2?ttKSk In BED u4 Cold metallic boxet. waled
~W ~?y}Ti w Hh blue ribbon. Take bo other. Rcfnca
7n J^ s « Vyl Da«c*raa* Sabntitatloßii and Iralta.
j / "Z fn tlona. F. 37 or jroar Drnrgiu. or iend 4c In
I <•>' JF nmt* fcr Particular*, Teattmoalali
IB fJ> and "Rrllff for l.*dl**,"ln Uumr, bj rt-
_-\ > y tin Mall. 10.000 Tcatimonlali. Sold bj-
— ""/ •nVnttfmim. t htrhr«t<-r « hrmlnl Co_
Mestl*> Utl* paper. UadUca Han are, I'HIJL.A.. li.
(THE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
rtione south 770.
EVERY EVEMmF AT 8:15.
MATIsEb DAILY AT 5:15.
B««rlnRln(? with MATINEE TO-MORROW
(SUNDAY) — LAST WEEK OF
JEFFRIES-SHARKEY
CONTEST PICTURES.
CAUTION— The pub'.ic lr warned against buy-
Ing tickets from speculators. Secure seats only
at box-office of this theater.
Epecla.l reservations made for vUHori from
rut-of-town points.
Matine«. Jsc and EOc; Children, lßc. Even-
lrc« (reserved). 15c, Isc, Ssc. tOr and 75c
ECONOMY INAUGURATED.
Health. Board Adopts System of Al
ternation Among Employes.
The#Board of Health last night adopted
resolutions whereby a saving of $2350 per
month will be effected by a system of
alternation among the employes, which
will go into effect Immediately and con
tinue until March 1. when the second de
tail of alternation will be made. The
summary of reductions is as follows:
Five sanitary inspectors. $300; five food in
epectors, $275; three market inspectors, $225; one
bakery inspector. $75; one superintendent City
Cemetery *" 5 '. clx emergency surgeons, $WK>; one
matron Central Emergency Hospital, $60; one
steward. Central Emergency Hospital, JbO; one
matron Harbor Emergency Hospital, $60; one
matron Intention Hospital for Insane, J6O; one
steward. Detention Hospital for Insane, $60;
two plumbing inspectors. $200. Total. $2350.
The resolutions recite "that the board
was not indifferent to the embarrassing
position in which the Board of Supervi
sors had been plunged In the effort to
raise funds for the city's needs; that the
board Is willing to temporarily suspend
certain Important functions vested in It
by the charter, believing that should
emergency arise with which the depart
ment might be unable to cope the Super
visors would be willing to share the re
sponsibility and that an Impartial public
will appreciate the circumstances and re
serve Its criticism." The heads of de
partments were directed to have the em
ployes draw by lot for alternate employ
ment. . .
A comparative financial statement was
submitted showing that the payroll at the
City and County Hospital for the month
of December, 1899, was $2949 75. and for this
month it will be J2SB9 95, or«$S9SO less. In
its reorganization of the department the
board claims to have effected a decrease
in salaries of $322 per month.
Dr. Max Solomon's resignation as assist
ant sanitary inspector was accepted and
Dr. William C. Hassler was appointed to
the vacancy. The position of Superintend
ent of the City Cemetery was abolished
and the Dlslnterment Inspector was
placed In charge of that reservation.
Chief of Police Sullivan was present at
the meeting, and informed the board that
as all police officers are health inspectors
under the charter he would devise for
them a proper tour of duty in order to
supplement the work of the board. Dr.
Williamson thanked the, Chief for his co
operation in behalf of the health Interests
of the city.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN EM.
MATINEE TIITS AFTERNOON.
THE CRY IS STILL THEY COME!
CROWDED NIGTITLY.
GREAT FUCCEES OF THE SECOND EDITION
Of the Meet Glorious of All Extravaganza*.
USUAL POPULAR rRICES.
Good R«>s*rved Seat In Orchestra at Saturday
ilatln**». ISe.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
An Old Head on Young Shoulders
Isn't always indicative of wisdom, as it
takes experience to make a man appre-
ciate the high class work done at the
United States Laundry. After your ex-
perience of ragged edges and spread-
eagle button holes, streaked shirt fronts,
etc., the beauty of our finish and color
will make the wise head rest easy, for
you can't match our work anywhere.
United States Laundry. Offloa
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
Standard Optical Co., 217 Kearny street, lead-
ing opticians. All work guaranteed; prices
reasonable. •
The Great Armless Painter.
Next Sunday's Call will contain
an especially Interesting article
upon the late Charles Francois
Felu, the armless Belgian painter.
He was an artist of most remark
able talent and painted master
pieces with his feet where capa
ble artists have failed with their
hands. Notice the splendid repro
duction of his footcraft which
will be presented in The Call's
magazine section of February 18.
California Club Lecture.
James %W.% W. Erwln lectured last evening
in Metropolitan Hall before the Califor
nia Club on "A Day in the Nation's Cap
ital." Mr. Erwin, who is president of the
club, entertained a vast audience for over
an hour with a pleasing recital of the
points and places of interest in» Washing
ton. His lecture was illustrated by views
ehown through a stere^pticon. During the
evening the audience was also entertained
by the various select numbers on the pro
gramme and much Interest was manifest
ed in a resolution presented by Mr. Hutch
lnson, a pioneer member of the club, ap
pealing to Congress to save the big trees
of Calaveras and Tuolumne counties from
destruction.
environment, the Impressiblenesa of a su
perstitious age? Since Joan was simple
hearted, honesty incarnated, did the fair
ies and the saints converse with and
prompt her daring spirit? Did they teach
her the military technic which put to
shame the trained generalship of her op
ponents? If so, why did they desert her in
her hour of need? These questions have
never been— can never be — satisfactorily
answered. A long list of literati. Tascinat
ed by the achievements of this simple
wondermaid, Schiller, Voltaire, Southey,
De Larr.artine. Michelet, down to Mark
Twain offer ingenious solutions of the
problem of. Joan the selfless; but the curi
ous world still asks.
Jeanne d'Arc was an excitable, hjper
imaginative child who took to heart with
more than the usual llteralness of that |
superstitious age the tales of the fairies
that danced nightly around the Tree of
the Ladies," "L'Arbre Fee de I>ourle
mont." celebrated in the folksongs of
France. The mists, the rainbows, the
dusk and the dawn were as really falry
peoplecl to this child of the fifteenth cen
tury as they are germ-burdened to her
twentieth century sister. Mingled with
these visions of a morbid imagination
were burning thoughts of her country s
wrongs, of the sufferings of her soldier
countrymen, and as she plied her distaff
she made herself, childlike, the victorious
avenger, the peace-bringer to France
Wherl 15 years old these self-centered
dreams were rudely broken oft and then
intensified by a marauding band or
Sd"ers. who burned the village chapel
and forced the inhabitants of Domremy
to rtp«» for their lives. After that the fai
rie, toikVn the forms of St. Michael, the
archangel of battles, accompanied by St.
Catherine and St Marguerite.
When this brooding child ventured to
confide her visions to her parents Both
chlded her for her unwomanliness. and
forbade the continuance of the lance
tilting and military riding and maneu
vering with which the embryo general
was startling the village gossips Always
obedient, modest and pure-minded, the
child nevertheless found it quite im
possible to rid ncr mind of the bewllder-
Pn|. beckoning vision which had fastened
"finally an uncle, convinced of the divin
ity of her mission, procured an opportu
nity for her to lay her case before Baudri-
Sourt captain of Vaucouleurs. and so.
clad in the coarse red dress and close
white cap worn by the peasants pf Dom
remy. she left forever the lowly home
which had fostered the vision that was to
destroy her. When the sturdy captain
heard of her approach he exclaimed.
"Give her a good whipping and take her
back to her father!" But when the girl,
after her four-league tramp down tne
Meuse Valley, forced her way into his
presence, declaring herself called of God
to raise the siege of Orleans and bring
Charles to Rhelms to be crowned, the
burly captain was cowed by her earnest
ness believed her possessed of a witch
and sent for the Archbishop to protect
him. The wonder is not that one Joan of
Arc rose from this superstition-ridden
ace spirit-prompted to fulfill the prophecy
that a maid from the Marches of Lor
raine was to save the realm, but that
thousands of maidens steeped in like su
perntfturalism should not have thronged
to the Dauphin's standard.
When Baudrlcourt became convinced
that Joan was heaven-sent, he dispatched
her suitably equipped, to the Dauphin's
court, notwithstanding the, frantic appeals
of Joan's parents, appalled at the prospect
of their gentle, pure-minded daughter in
the grim clutch of the war derll. Arrived
at the dallying French court, Joan was led
by her "voices" to distinguish the dis
guised monarch from his courtiers, and to
reveal to him one of his secret transac
tions, which caused his face to blanch and
his spirit to quail. Thereby convinced
that the poor little shepherdess thorough
ly understood herself. Charles forthwith
equipped her In white armor, engraved
with the triple fleur-de-lis, and a white
banner embroidered with the same em
blem and painted with a picture of the
Savior. Then she set forth to take charge
of the enthusiastic, impatient army of
France, rapidly rallying to her mysterious
standard.
When this fierce soldiery, made up of
i fire-eaters, cavaliers, brigands and fanatic
peasantry, beheld their 17-year-old ccm
mander-in-chief unfurl the mystic ensigi
that was to lead them to victory they folt
themselves purified and emboldened by
her modest simplicity. So great was the
sway of her gentle personality over this
fearful host that the success of the 3iege
of Orleans was assured before the army
set its face toward that besieged city.
In less than four months after Joan
Btarted on her mission the military mita
cles of the speedy evacuation of Orleans
by the terrified English, of the signal vic
tory of Patay and the capitulation of well
garrisoned Troyes opened the way for the
triumphal entry Into Rheims, where the
Dauphin was anointed with the holy oil
of Clovis and became Charles VII of
France.
Overcome at the speed of the consum
mation of the dream which had haunted
her night and day, Joan now begged pite-
torles and relying too much upon the mys
terious thrall of the maiden, grew care
less of military precautions and provis
ioning, and rashly forced her into perilous
situations. Her usual military Intelli
gence and shrewd sense urged caution In
vain. Wounded, disheartened, Joan might
still have taken Compiegne in face of im
possibilities had she not, while in the rear
of the army covering the retreat of a
sally, been betrayed by the governor of
the city, who shut down the gates, leav
ing her upon the bridge outside.
As a military general she was entitled
to ransom, but while Indignant France
waited to hear of her redemption It was
stupefied to learn that Burgundy, her
captor, had sold her to his English allies
for 16,000 francs. Betrayed by a French
governor, sold by a French noble to a
French priest, the French populace simply
grieved that its supine French King never
lifted a finger to rescue his rescuer.
From the revolting spectacle of the trial
following Joan of Arc's capture the sensi
tive biographer turns with aversion. For
one long year she was tortured spirit
ually, mentally, bodily at the English
headquarters. Her "voices" became fore
bodings, and because they did not miracu
lously release her from imprisonment she
was tried and condemned for sorcery. In
that benighted age such condemnation
was but the logical outcome of her pre
ternatural elevation. Those who on the
coronation day had hailed this maiden aa
"the Savior of Franco/ "the Chieftain
Invincible." "Victory's Sweetheart." "the
Genius of Patriotism." "the Page of
Christ." could now find no better titles
for her than "Vile Witch," "Heretic
Abandoned."
Removed from one loathsome prison to
another. Joan was tormented and assailed
with cunning questions; she answered
these subtleties with such Intelligence
that her replies nearly worked the undo
ing of her accusers, so that they hastened
to spread nets for her destruction. Since
a year's mental trial had left the un
taught girl master of the field, they tried
bodily terrorism. They accordingly con
ducted her in chains to a stake with fa
gots ready for llghtlngand called upon her
to adjure the divinity of her mission, or
to repent. Worn in body and soul, con
fused by the heat, she let fall some dis
couraged words that were construed aa
a recantation. But they did not wish her
to escape burning by recanting. So after
they had taken her back to prison they
extorted from her a promise that she
would not wear the masculine attire
which she considered her only protection
in her unseemly, men-guarded imprison
ment. Now the longed-for consummation
was easy to reach. Relying upon Joan.-?
modesty, her persecutors stealthily re
moved all feminine apparel, leaving her
to choose between nakedness and the pro
scribed attire. Realizing the futility of
longer resisting such treachery, she put
on the raiment and paid the penalty at
the stake. The most spiritual, saintly
flower of the most brutalized century in
the history of France was dragged to her
execution in a felon's cart, wearing for
her halo a miter-shaped cap bearing the
legend. "Heretic. Relapsed. Apostate.
Idolator!" ' _'' "" . . . ?
To me the tragedy of Joan or Are 3 nl3
tory was not her flery death, nor the
weakness of a once devoted populace,
nor the ingratitude of a King whom in
her loyalty she defended even on the scaf
fold as "the most Christian King that
ever lived"; it was the failure of the
"voices" to bring the release she had,
earned. If we could but throw our minds
six centuries back and so comprehend the
vivid reality which these mysterious
shapes assumed in Joan's lonely comrnun
lngs and what potent mastersprings they
became in her success we could reallzs
In part how dark was the tragedy of their
inexplicable desertion in her pitiable dis
tress. And yet— and this proves that her
religion was not a batch of overtmagin
atlve sentimentalities, but the material
from which heroes are carved — in the face
of thl3 crushing abandonment her faith
rose supreme and reasserting her creed,
with her eyes on the crucifix, she died at
the flaming stake.
Twenty years afterward Joan of Arc s
heart-broken mother petitioned that her
daughter's soul be retaken into th« guar
dianship of the church which had repu
diated her. And Charles VII. now a con
quering, victorious King, consented to an
appeal to the Pope, not because of the
gnawlngs of remorse, bat because ha
feared for the succession of a crown won
for him by one whom the church had
proved a witch. The outcome of the trial
held by the commission appointed by the
church was a formal process, a legal re
establishment of Joan's character. It la
known as the rehabilitation of VC6. After
the witness stand had meted out Its tardy
justice the people gave expression to their
appreciation by painting numberless pic
tures and by erecting numberless monu
ments to the deliverer of France—monu
ments which might have passed aa bear
able supplements to the honor of a nation.
j but in the face of Joan's execution serve
I simply to emphasize one of th« most cruel
I satires In the history of mankind.
Note— "Vlttorla Colonna" will be tho
subject of the next biographical study.
Held for Murder.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 15.-^l. Teshara and
M. Amaya were to-day held without
bonds for the murder of O. D. Louck. ht\
aged aaloon-keeper. by Justice Stanley.
The defense did not offer asy testimony.
FAREWELL!
— I*AST PERFORMANCEa —
fHIS -t- AITTERNOON -:- AND -»- TO-NIGHT
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
ANUNGONVENTIONALHONEYMOON
— REMEMBER —
TO-MOHKO'W (EUNDAT) AFTERNOON,
FIRBT TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO,
THE VERY FUNNIEST OF COMEDIES.
•'WHO IS WHO."
SWfBW A»CD OIiIGINAL SPECIAX.TIES-20
t5 PRETTT GIRLS 25
nVERT -:- NIOHT •:- EXCEPT -:- SUNDAY
MATINEE TO-DAY.
— THE FAMOUS —
BOSTONIANS
In Victor HM-bert'a Latest fiucce«a.
"THE VICEROY."
Feb. IS— Last We6k~oTTB33 BOSTONUNS
Monday and Thursday.
"THIS SERENADE"
Taesday a.nd Friday,
"THE VICEROY."
Wednesday and Eat-jrCay Night* and Saturday
Matinee,
"ROBIN HOOD."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L JOAN OF AEC. :
0412-1431.)
BT CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN
There was a great game of political
chess played on a French board nearly
500 years ago, and during a period of
nearly 100 years many men were gained
and lost. The black men, or Burgundians.
called in the aid of a powerful English
Baron, Henry V. the Butcher of Agin
court, who captured the castles of the
white men, the Orleanists, and blocked
their game by penning their King hope
lessly in a corner. Indeed, the Orleanists
who championed the claims of Charles the
Dauphin were playing such a losing game
that, had it not been for the skillful
moves of a new player, they must have
surrendered their King in overwhelming
defeat.
This new player was an unlettered child
of 17. Alone, spirit-trained and vision
taught, she bewitched the French by the
magnetism of her earnest personality, ter
rorized the English, annulled their gains
In the hundred years' war, and hypnotized
the most unkingly man in France into
placing- the French crown upon his head.
The facts concerning Joan of Arc's vic
tories are better authenticated than those
of any other military leader, for they
come to us from the witness stand of the
great rehabilitation trial of 1456. Yes. the
results, the details of her generalship, are
duly filed and tabulated, but the main
spring, the cause of her miraculous power
—what was it? Was it purely the result of
ously of her newly crowned Kins to be
allowed to lay off her steel raiment an 3
return to her kinsmen, the peasant folk of
Domremy. But no; the child-command ?r
had become too valuable to France, bho
shoul.l not again tend her flocks on the
hillsides till the Knglish robbers should bo
driven from the French sheepfold. And so
she should receive other honors. Her vil
lage folk at her request should hencefortn
know no taxation. In honor of the lilted
standard which she had borne to victory,
her family should be ennobled with t*ia
title of "dv Lys" and presented with land
ed properties. But these dignities were
so many baubles to the homesick girl, in
whose ears still sounded the plaintive
"L'Arbre Fee de Bourlemont." which the
King had caused to be sunp at hi 3 corona
tion banquet In delicate compliment to t'ia
maiden who had made that fete possible.
Unspoiled by the honors beatins upon
her, uncomplaining, thouph Increasingly
homesick, unyielding to the temptation of
that despondency which follows in the
wake of every great enthusiasm. Joan
again charged at the head of her devoted
armies. But the spell was bvoken! The
"voices" no longer whispered of victory:
French conspiracy, born of Jealousy,
joined hands with English enmity, and
the French soldiery, elated by rapid vie-
Be sure to see the water color exhibi-
tion at Win. MorrU' art rooms. 248 Sutter.*
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORA* PARK.
FOURTH MEETING. Feb. 12 to 24, Inclusive
Six high-claes running races every week
day, rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal -winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons Flep directly from the railroad cars Into
a «uperb grand stand, glass-enclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townscnd EtreeU at
SGO 10:40 and il:30 a. in., and 12:15. 12:35, I2:iu
and 1:25 P. ni., returning Immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
t.'rved for women and their escofte. No smok-
ing. Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
Ban Jom and Way Stations — Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:43 p. m. Leave Ban Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
KATES— San Francisco to Taaforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track, J1.25.
• W. J. MARTIN. President
F. XX. GREEN, EccreUnr and Manager.
R. P. Dinnlgan, dealer In fine liquors. 224
East street. S. F. Branch In Keswlck. * •
CIiUTES_AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-DAY, CHILDREN'S DAY!
CONCESSION'S FREE BEFORE 2:30 P. M.
TO-NIGHT, After the Regular Performance,
GRAND PRIZE
GAKEWALKING CONTEST !
San Jose vs. San Francisco
Phone for Seats... PARK 23
— : i
Suffering Brings Discouragement— Mrs.
Pinkham Shows Women How to Re-
cover Health — Read These Letters.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAPT TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
The Jolly farce from the Madison Square The-
ater, New Yor*. entitled.
H! Susannah
R llATsf D 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
" w e A t k "THE PRODIGAL FATHER,"
In the Divorce Court
Ray Kemllng has been granted a di
vorce from F. W. Kemllng on the ground
of desertion. Elizabeth M. Tufts was
granted a divorce yesterday from James
W. Tufts on the ground of willful neg
lect. The suit by which Thurlow McMul
lln seeks to obtain a divorce from Virginia
SHADY MINING DEAL.
Grand Jury Investigates Alleged
Swindle of A. F. Stander
and "Wife.
The Grand Jury yesterday took up the
investigation of a shady mining deal by
which A. F. Stander and his wife claim
to have been victimized In the sum of
tGO.ftOO. Stander testified that he and his
wife were induced to buy 40,000 shares In
the Algol Copper Mining Company, the
properties of which are situated in Placer
County. The company was incorporated
with C. E. Kingsley as president, H.
Schimmel vice president, A. Getz treas
urer, Charles Getz secretary, Fred Ander
son and Charles Stepp, directors. After
Stander had purchased the stock he be
came suspicious, and on investigating
found that the bond held by the company
had lapsed and the mine had reverted to
the original owners.
MATECEE TO-DAY. Saturday. February 17.
Parquet Jsc. any seat; Balcony 13c; Chil-
dren 10c, asy part.
EVERY ACT OF THE NEW BILL
A WINNER !
CTSHMAN*. HOLCOMBE and CURTIS la the
Musical Comedy. "THE NEW TEACHER."
MONROE & MACK: ROMALO BROTHERS:
DEETB and DON; FRANK COFFIN: BLACK
BARTONS: MR. and MRS. PERKINS-
riSHER; IRENE FRANKLIN: BIOGRAPH.
LAST WEEK OF
F^MFMINnr/v.
OPPOSE DUTIES ON HIDES
Local Dealers Send a Set of Resolu
tions to Congress.
The local leather men through a com
mittee apointed at a recent meeting have
forwarded a resolution to the California
delegation in Congress asking for a re
peal of the duty of 15 per cent upon hides
and for a restoration of hides to the free
list. The committee represents all lines
of the leather manufacturing of the city.
The resolutions were passed at a meet
ing of the Board of Trade, and sent forth
that the duty of 15 per cent has been
barren of results either as a protective or
revenue measure; that It has struck a
serious blow at a growing export trade
in leather and the products of allied in
dustries, which trade had been made pos
sible by free hides during the period of
twenty-five years; that the cost of the
necessities of life, into the manufacture of
which leather enters, has been Increased
artificially, and that the duty has prevent
ed the leather manufacturers from ob
taining special supplies from abroad at
certain times when such supplies were
not obtainable in the home market.
CREDIT WEN ORGANIZE.
Will Have a "Local Branch of the Na
tional Association. '
At a special meeting of the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade yesterday afternoon
It was decided to organize a local branch
of the National Association of Credit
Men. The objects of the association were
explained by W. 11. Preston of lowa, one
of the directors of the parent organiza
tion, and a discussion followed in which
several members took part.
Chairman T* J. Parsons appointed the
following' to serve on the committee on
by-laws: M. Feintuck of Wertheimer
& Co., Frank Brown of the American
Steel and Wire Company, G. Brunner of
L. & G. Brunner, J. H. Brooks of Well
man, Peck & Co., and A. L. Bryan of the
A. L. Brv.an Shoe Company. The com
mittee will report at a special meeting to
be called in a few days.
A2CTJSE2£EirrS.
(BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBB
Free Tickets 1
TO TBS
Orpheum !
BUT TOUR
Lenox and
BAVB YOUR "miAPPERS AND
GET FREE TICKET* TO THB
ORPHEUM-
The Johnsoa=Lccke
Mercantile Co.
204 FRONT STREET,
BAN FRANCI9OO*
Will E*ch»ny» tor Lenox and Irory
ftoap Wrapper*
FREE TICKETS TO THE ORFHETTM
UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON-
DlTlOKfl
¦ If Tern Want a ISo R«a«nr«4 6«at B
p«nd 36 Wrapper* of LENOX SOAP EJ
Or U Wrappers of IVORY SOAP 3
Or eIM eend IS Wrapper* of LENOX S
SOAP and t Wrappen of IVORT SOAP 2
If Tou Want a Me Reserved Beat Q
p«nd B0 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP Q
Or W Wrapp«rß of IVORY SOAP m
Or «Im B«nd SS Wrappers of LENOX S3
BOAPand U Wrappers of IVORY SOAP g
IBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBtSBBBS
JUDGE SEAWELL
SAYS MAXWELL
HAS NO TITLE
Writ of Mandate Is
D.enied.
Judge Seawell yesterday rendered a de
cision holding that the removal of George
F. Maxwell as secretary of the Board of
Fire Commissioners was legal and in vio
lation of no provision of the charter.
Maxwell, who was relieved from his du
ties by the new board appointed by Mayor
Phelan, filed suit for a writ of mandate
to compel his reinstatement.
Maxwell in his complaint held that the
position of clerk under the old board was
identical with that of secretary under the
charter, and that consequently he could
not be removed except for cause. Judge
Seawell In his decision declares that the
charter abolishes the office of clerk and
that Maxwell has no title to the present
secretaryship. *
JULIA LE BRETON'S WILL.
Bequeaths a Valuable Estate to Her
Relatives and Servants.
The will of the late Julia Le Breton,
who died January 17, leaving a valuable
estate, was filed for probate yesterday.
Following are the bequests: To each of
five grandchildren. Vincente, Julia and
Edward de Laveaga, Marguerite and Da
vid Le Breton, $5000; to Margaret Mallon,
"a faithful servent," $1000; to Nellie Ken
nedy, a seamstress, $300; to Mary Flana
gan, a servant. $200. One-half of the resi
due is bequeathed to Edward J. Le Bre
ton decedent's son, and the other half
is divided in trust to him for these uses:
The Income to be paid Albert J. Le Breton
during his life and after his death for
the use and benefit of the two children
of Albert J. Le Breton. Margaret and
David Le Breton. The will is holographic
and was drawn April 14, 1897.
WHITE PLACED
O'BRIEN MONEY
ON WRONG LINE
Got Tangled In His
Betting.
"Jack" O'Brien, who "laid down" to
young "Peter Jackson," the colored
fighter, at Woodward's Pavilion on
Wednesday night, threatens to make a
punching bag of "Billy" White, his erst
while manager and confidential agent.
Now that the story of how O'Brien
"faked" the fight with Jackson is evident,
the Eastern scrapper, seeing that his
pugilistic glory has completely vanished
and that he must "go back to hard graft,"
much as he dislikes to. is making all kinds
of threats against White, claiming that
he jobbed him. The "Job" consists in
White placing O'Brien's money on the
wrong line of the paxis mutuels.
O'Brien, after consenting to fake the
fight with Jackson, agreed to go out In the
thirteenth round. He gave White all his
available money to bet on the second line,
expecting to reap a golden harvest. White
and his friend McCribbin lost no time in
visiting the poolrooms and placing the
money for O'Brien. After the fight White
learned that in all the poolrooms, except
Corbett's, the thirteenth round was in
cluded in the third line and that the big
gest portion of O'Brien's money was then
being paid over to the men who backed
the colored fighter. With tears in his eyes
White hunted up O'Brien and told him of
his mistake. ¦ ¦ \,-v
"It's gone. Jack, old boy." he tenderly
remarked. "The coon and hl3 friends have
copped everything in sight."
For a moment O'Brien was dazed, but
quickly recovering his power of speech, he
asked the "astute" manager how it hap
pened. The shock was so sudden to White
that he was unable to account for the loss
of the money, but promised to give a full
explanation the next day.
The more O'Brien thought of White s
stupidity the madder he grew, and allow
ing his anger to overcome him he deter
mined to get "even."
Last night he was out with blood In
his eye anxiously awaiting the opportunity
to "knock White's block off." It Is said
that White, fearing violence at the hands
of O'Brien, has gone Into hiding, but this
ia denied by the friends of the ex-mana
ger. ___Jl_^*;'
FIRM OF GRAY
AND MITCHELL
IS DISSOLVED
Interests in Business
Are Divided.
The principal topio of conversation
along the front yesterday was the disso
lution of ,the well known house of Gray &
Mitchell, wholesale lumber- dealers and
ship owners. There has been some little
friction between the partners ever since
the steamer Homer, chartered by the firm,
at so much a day, was tied up for nearly
a month in Coos Bay owing to heavy
weather. The charter of the Del Norte
also did not turn out as satisfactorily as
was expected, so a few days ago the dis
solution was decided upon. By the terms
of the agreement Mr. Gray retains all the
lumber interests of the concern, whil»/Mr.
Mitchell becomes the managing owner of
the steamers.
The firm of Gray & Mitchell, composed
of George D. Gray and William A. Mitch
ell, was formed about two years ago.
During that time the nrm had built for it
the steamers Alliance, Fulton and Dis
patch, while it has now ready for launch
ing at Eureka the fine big 220-foot steamer
Nome City. Besides these vessels the firm
has under charter the steamers Homer
and Del Norte, while a few days ago it
turned back to the owners the steamer
Brunswick. The steamers over which Mr.
Mitchell will now exercise supreme com
mand are the finest of their class on the
coast, and all of them will go into tho
Nome trade in the spring. The new
steamer now nearing completion is a
larger vessel than the Humboldt and will
have cabin accommodations for over one
hundred passengers. She was originally
intended for a steam schooner, but has
been remodeled and turned into a first
class passenger steamer.
The California Ship Company has pur
chased the American ship John Currier,
now loading at Hongkong for Puget
Sound. At Tacoma she will load lumber
for Australia and will then come to San
Francisco with a load of coal. ,
John Rosenfeld's Sons have also pur
chased the American ship P. N. Blanch
ard, now loading coal at Baltimore for
San Francisco. Both vessels will go into
the coasting trade on their arrival here.
Captain Jahnsen of the steamer Samoa
has purchased the schooner Neptune from
Robert Dollar and will run her to Cape
Nome In the spring.
Captain Fischer, a well-known master
and formerly in command of a Russian
sealing schooner, went north on the
steamer Queen to take charge of the Ha
waiian ship Star of France. Captain
Wells of the Star will come to San Fran
cisco to take command of another vessel.
The mail steamer Alameda will not take
away as much cargo as usual on her next
trip. She will not be able to get any coal
at Honolulu, so enough fuel has to be
taken aboard -here to carry her to Auck
land, N. Z. She also has on board 150 tons
of merchandise for Honolulu that was
stopped at Sydney, N. S. W. This stuff
will be discharged when the vessel reaches
Honolulu, but nothing will be taken
aboard. The Rio de Janeiro, which ijoes
out to-day, will not take any cargo for
the islands, so prices of many articles
must be at starvation rates in the Para
dise of the Pacific.
Among those who will leave for Manila
on the transport Sherman to-day Is Alex
Imbrle, who has been connected with the
postofttce at the ferries for several years.
Mr. Imbrie goes to the Philippines to fill
an Important position in the postal ser
vice.
The steamer Coptic was released from
quarantine yesterday and went to the Mail
dock. The remains of Mrs. Foote were at
once landed and taken to the family resi
dence in Oakland. During the night Quar
antine Oflicer Kinyoun allowed Miss Ber
tha and Miss Enid Foote and Mrs. Taylor
to leave the Coptic. They were taken
aboard the tug Relief and landed at the
Oakland mole, whence they were taken
home in a special train.
Colonel H. Esdale was the sick man on
the steamer. He was taken down with
typhoid fever a few days ago, and owing
to his advanced age the chances are
somewhat against him. The colonel is a
member of the Welsh Fusiliers and was
given a great send-off when leaving Hong
kong by that regiment.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company
has purchased the big tramp steamer Al
goa, now on her way to China from this
port. The Algoa is the largest freighter
ever seen in the bay, and her addition to
the regular line of vessels to the Orient
will help out the situation wonderfully.
JOAN OF ARC, THE MAID OF ORLEANS.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
McMullin was argued before Judge Bahrs
yesterday. Suits for divorce have been
filed by Dell Volmer against J. P. Volmer
for intemperance, IL J. Ritter against El
sie Ritter for desertion and Angela Wood
against William J. Wood for .desertion.
' J r v ', '•)',' / £^\ '' ¦ if ! '
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&L~^^n>
*• take as svgazw
UARI tftO FOR DIIZMESS. 3CC
UtNUiiNfc I fVER "R torpid liver. 6ENDINE
1 PILLS Nil COWTIPATIOi.
WRAPPER JLLrf FOR SALLOW SKIH. W&APPFR
™ Arrtß m^m IraRTHECQMPLEic.na "AITIIII
»j I CK3VCIXII MUM M*V« g^OMATUKt.
25 corns I ynreiy X»getal>lB. /^^g^>-S^^rtS
"FRUST'I'JdJiJ O3ST K.EID PAPER."
i
7
TAKING OF ORLEANS BY JOAN
OF ARC.New York Stock Market.
KEW YORK. Feb. 16.— The drooping tendency
of prices proved to be too much to overcome
and the majority of Etocks show net losses
en the day. In the standard stocks these losses
are small, but the decline from the early high
ranse was considerable. The opening was
above last night' t; level in sympathy with Lon
don. but the Initial transactions, the wcak
nwe of the local traction stocks and of Pa
cific Mail 6erved to unsettle the market.
Prices sagged pretty steadily from that time
until the btar operators among the room
traders started to cover their short contracts
In the final dealings. This rallied the level of
the market from the lowest, but the move
ment was listless and entirely without force.
London was not encouraged by its good news
from South Africa to buy stocks here and in
fact price* ttt£g«"d in the home market. Con
sols lost all uf their oarly gain, supposedly on
the Imminence of a new issue. But London
was disposed to take profits at all points,
even lUmd mines showing a sharp reaction
from the early advance. There was no oc
casion for fcurprise. ° therefore, that the local
market failed to hold the advance on the
Boutta African news. The bears had not as
much ammunition in the Ehape of weakness
of epecial stocks as they had yesterday, but
the general tone of the market was never
theless reactionary. The bears made inroads
upon Pacific Mall and United States Rubber,
but otherwise no very wide breaches were made
in values. The local traction stocks were in
clined to rally with the cessation of pressure
tfajr.rt Third Avenue. Sugar was elastic dur
ir.K tbe early part of the day, but became
firmer toward the close with considerable ef
fect on the general list. The public main
tained Its attitude of apathy and this was the
main cause of the heaviness. Probably some
of the \arv.o uneaclness Is beginning to be felt
sJso recording the winter wheat crop, because
the ground is bare of enow to discount an un
favorable Ur.it statement, although money on
ca.l! wu in free supply at 2 per cent for the
grt-atcr part cf the day. The rt-cord shows,
however, that the banks have lost on »üb
treasury operation* $2,120,000. According to re
ports from the leading banks shipments of
money by express this week are nearly a mil
lion dollars greater than Ui!"t week, while the
receipt* from the interior by express huve
fallen eff considerably over a million dollars.
Th!* would Indicate a net loss on the Interior
movement cf nearly a million dollars, nuk-
Ins the total loss Including substitute treasury
operations over J3,0uy,0&0. It is known that
Hume poll has been received from Canada
vhlch Uoes not figure In this estimate. There
has been a continued absorption of money Into
;:.•¦!<: :.*l> paper and other forms of loans in
the court* of actixe business, so that a further
extension of the loan item Is locked for. A
large encroachment upon surplus reserves,
therefore, eeems unavoidable. Sterling ex
change hardened a fraction in response, to the
Ir.lgher dlfcjunt rat** in London. The declara
tion of the first dividend on the new preferred
¦tock of the Baltimore and Ohio was fully
expected and was without influence on the
market.
There waa a frood absorption of some dormant
railroad bond* at advanced prices, but changes
generally were irregular. There was quite an
active market for Government bonds, pre
sumably on account of the i-a*t<a£e of the re
funding bill by the S*r.ate, Total saks of rail-
road bonds, par value. 12.013,000.
United States new 4s advance M.. while the
old 4a declined % !:i tnc ll ' d price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Chares . Closing
¦old. bid.
Board—
I.ISO Atchison 21
T.OO Atchlson prefd : €3%
6,t50 Baltimore A Ohio 63\
2-1 -Canadian Pacific i>s\
» Canada Southern i&%
200 Chesapeake & Ohio 2*S
O'iO Chicago Great Western T. IJ%
7.660 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 124\
, Chicaro Ind &• Louisville 1C
, Chicago Ind & Louisville prt-fd 49
400 Chlror-j & Knst Illinois 54
110 Chicago & Northwestern 160
1.C70 Chicago nock Island & Pacific I<*%
140 C C C & Xt Louis 61
_ Colorado Southern i.%
• Colo Southern Ist prefd 4JVi
SCO Colo bvutUtru ti prefd ?««... Is} a
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— Bradstreefs Flnanclat
Review to-morrow will 6ay: Activity In specu
lation decreased this week and the market
became decidedly more professional. The un
dertone of prices was strong and the weakness
which developed was, except in the case of
a few epeclaltles. productive of merely mod
erate recessions In prices, which were attribut
able to reallilng rather than to any renewal
of general bearlshness on the part of the large
traders. The market, however, showed a cer
tain degree of indifference to favorable news
and even failed to respond to London's cheer
ful reception of the news that the first step
In the movement of the British forces in Boer
territory has been successfully accomplished.
Including the apparent relief of Kimberley.
There continued to be an abundance of the
same kind of developments In regard to our
own railroad and Industrial Interests, which
had served as an incentive for the recent ad
vance In the market. Gross railroad earnings
for . January and for the first week of Feb
ruary show In most cases large Increases and
there haa been further tangible confirmation
of the belief that Industrial companies, par
ticularly those identified with the steel and
Iron trade, are making remarkable profits. The
preliminary statement of the Federal Steel
Company was a leading example and there
were the usual sanguine reports about the
showing that would be made by other concerns
of the same kind and the dividends which
their common shareholders might expect. In
some Instances the Industrial stocks responded
moderately to the circulation of such reports,
but the group as a whole waa Influenced more
by a disposition to take profits on the part
of those who bought In the recent slump than
by the appearance of fresh buying. In the
railroad list, while the trunk line shares were
exceptionally strong and well supported, there
waa also a good deal of Irregularity, and when
the market, as was several times the case,
became dull, a tendency for prices to sag oft
developed. Specialties and manipulated stocks
frequently attained prominence, and although
the market at large was not particularly In
fluenced by the irregular fluectuatlons In Amer-
lean Sugar it paid some attention to the per
formance In Third Avenue shares and was on
Thursday afternoon visibly unsettled when the
stock broke quite sharply on news that the
bankers who were to -finance the floating debt
had withdrawn from the arrangements. Money
was continued sufficiently easy for Wall street
to disregard the large Increase In loans and
decrease in the surplus reserve shown by last
Saturday's bank statement or the Intimations
that money is no longer coming from the In
terior to New York. -Favorable comments on
the probable effects of the currency bill should
It speedily^ becoma a law am beard In many
EASTERN MARKETS.
Sales were more liberal oa th« morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, but changes were
few. Spring Valley Water was stronger at
J95 50595 87% and Contra Costa Water at $73 50.
In the afternoon business was smaller than
for some days, and the only change worthy ot
note was a further advance In Contra Costa
Oil stocks' were quiet at the familiar prices.
The Rex Crude Oil Company. Los Angeles,
has declared dividend No. 1. 5 cents per snare,
payable to-day.
Assessment No. 13 of 50 cents per share haa
been levied on Vigorit Powder Company stock,
delinquent March 20.
The Makawell Sugar Company paid the reg
ular monthly dividend of 50 cents on the Uth.
The Spnng Valley Water Company will pay
a dividend of 50 cents per share on the 20th.
The Contra Costa Water Company paid &
monthly dividend of 40 cents per share on the
15th
The Oakland, San Leandro and Hay-wards
Railway Company paid a dividend of 2u cent*
per share on the 15th.
The Presidio Railway Company paid a divi
dend of 10 cents per share on the loth.
The Kllauea Sugar Company paid a dividend
of 25c per share on the 15th.
The Home Oil Company haa declared a divi
dend of 7% cents per share, payable on the
20th inst.
The dividend of the California Fruit Canners"
Association is at the rate of 60 cents per share.
Following is the financial statement of the asso
ciation:
Assets— Plant and machinery, real estate and
good will and shares in Southern California
Packing Company (at cost). J1.905,235; better
ments (new). J13.C57 32: plant and machinery
(new). $:s,2S* 31: bills and accounts receivable.
J«11.506 72; inventory (at cost). J1.042.207 17; sus
pense account. J11.945 11; profit on shares of
Southern California Packing Company. $15.
4 SB 32: total, $3,£3.C21 95.
Liabilities— Capital stock $2,755,500; bills pay
able. J354,C06 37; outstanding accounts. J6J.
725 S4; surplus. J356.303 42: contingent reserve
fund. JS6.4^« 32; total. J3.625.Cn 95.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Feb. IS— 2 p. in.
Bid. Ask. Bld.A'k.
V S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 4 4%
4s quar c0up. .114 — Mutual El Co. — —
4s quar reg — 114% OG L & H... 43 45%
4s quar new... — 13« iPac Gas Imp.. 50% —
5a quar coup.. — — |Pac Ltgnt Co.. 44 45
Miscellaneous — S F G & E 50% 51
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117 — San Francisco. 4% 4*»
C C Wat 35..10«%107 ' Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Ed L 4 P 65. .123 — Insurance—
F*Clßy 65. .115 — Flrem's Fund.ES —
Geary-st R ss. — JS Bank StfK-ks—
HC * S 5%5..1C5 110 Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63% —
HC& S 5s 10«% — Bank of Ca1...40r» —
LA Ry s*. 105% — Cal SD & T.. 9S —
L A LCo 55.. — — First Nata1. ...250 3C5
Do gntd Bs.. — — Lon P& a 133 —
Do gntd 55.. — 103 Merchants' Ex — U
L. A& P R 55.102S — Nev Nat 8k... - -
Market-st 89...127 125% Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55.. H5% — Ger S & L,...1"S —
NCN G R 79.106 — Hum 3A L. - —
NR of Cal «5.H2%113% Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NR of Cal 5«.H4 — 8 F Say C SOS —
NPC R R CslOS — Say A L So. 74 I>
NPC R R 65.10« — Sec Say Bk. — —
NC R R 05. ..109 — Union T Co. — —
Oak OUt II ss. 1U _ Street Railroads-
Oak Traa 65... — U2U California — US
Oak W Co 55. .105 — JGeary-st 50 -
Oceanic SS Co.lCs>; — jMarket-st Ry. 61 ** «2
Om C Ry 6a... — 123%0 SL * H — «»
P * Cl Ry 65.. 1(4% — (Presidio 12% —
Pit &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stock*—
Powel-st R «5.119% — (California 153 170
Sac L ti&RCs. S5 — IE Dynamite... — —
5F & SJV Cs..ll«\ — Giant Con Co. 92 «
BRy of Cal 6s. - 103 Vlgorlt 2S Hi
S P of A 49....110S — Sugar Stocks-
SP C 6.«n«vs>.i(Vj\ _ Hana H P Co. S l 4 S%
SP C 8s(190«).Ul 112 Haw CASCoSS
SP C Scunil). — — Honokaa S Co. 29^ »%
§P C Ist cgs«. — — Hutch S P Co. 25 T » W
SPPrb 128 _ iKllauea S Co. - 2T»
S V Wat 65.... 115 — jMakawell 3Co 45 43i
S \ Wat 45....103* i - lonomea 3 Co. 25-4 -
SV W 45(3dm)102y 4 - 'Paauhau S Co. BH -
Stktn Gas 65.. 102 107% l M'«.-«-i!aneou*—
W»t-r Stocks— JAI Pack Assn.llS%ll»%
Contra Coata.. 74 75 iMer Xt ,>s«n . I""
Mann Pnuntv. M - jOceantc S Co. 93 94U
Spring Valley. 53% * Pac A F A.... J -
Gas * Electilc— Pmc C Bor Co. 144 —
SS.»fc= 7j ParP * atCo " •*"
Moraine Session.
Board—
29 Alaska Packers' Asan 11? 75
40 Contra Costa Water 73 50
©3 35; large White. J2 90«3 10; Pinks. $2 609
a 85; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters,
nominal: Lima. J5 15#5 25; Pea. $3 20®3 40; Red
Kidneys, $3 50@4. -/ _\,V_
SEEDS— Brcwn Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 90®2 20; Canary.
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa. B®9c: Rape. 2%53c; Hemp. 434% c;
T DRIED 4 P^A*-Nlles, Jl 60©l 90: Green. $1 75
Qi 50 per cU.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions continue quiet and easy.
Vegetables stand about the same.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 85® 35c; River Reds.
75@S5c; Burbanks. 50@75c per sack: Oregon
Burbanks 75cfijl 10; Sweet Potatoes. $1 70!f>
1 SO for Merced and $1 23 for River; New Pota
toes, 3c.
ONIONS— SI 75@2 19 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES-Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 Der
dozen; Rhubarb. 7@12%c per lb; Asparagus,
ie©2sc; Green Peas, 2@4c per lb for Los Angeles
and — for Alameda: String Beans. S®loc;
Cabbage. 40S.'0c: Los Angeles Tomatoes.
$I@l 5.0; Egg Plant from Lcs Angeles. WO**!
Dried Okra. 12% c per lb: Garlic. ««'f- °£, een
Peppers from Los Angeles. 425 c; Dried Pep
pers *®V)c: Carrots. 3tKa4iM: per sack: Los An
geles Summer Squash. $I®l 25 per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
The six cars of Eastern that arrived this
week are all cleaned up and the market is prac
tically bare of stock. Arrivals next week will
probably be small, as a blizzard now raging
throughout the West is keeping back ship
ments from that source. Turkeys alone are
dull, as receipts of dressed are too large.
Game continues dull.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lie for Gobblers
and 12513 c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 11814 c;
Geese, per pair. Jl 75<g2; Goslings, $1 75@2;
Ducks, $4g5 tor old ana *4©5 for young: Hens.
$435; Young Roosters, $3®5 50; Old Roosters,
J4®4 50: Fryers $4 50@5; Broilers. $4ffo for large
»nd $3®4 for small: Pigeons. II 25@1 50 per
dozer, for old and J2 60@3 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 2S; Mallard. J3®4; Can
vasback, J2®4; Sprig. J2IT2 50; Teal. Jl 50®
1 75: Widgeon. Jl 50: Small Duck. 75cg$l; Hare.
75c@$l; Rabbits. $1251*150; Gray Geese, $2 50
@3: White, $1 25@1 75; Brant. $1 50@2; Honkers.
$3 50® 4; English Snipe. $2 60 per dozen; Jack
Snipe. $1 5a
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs and Cheese are no lower, but Butter con
tinues to decline, and is neglected and plentiful.
Dealers are willing to make free concessions
to keep their floors clear.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 23@23%c; seconds.
22#22%c.
Dajry— Fancy. 20@21c; good to choice, lS®l9c;
common, 13@17c
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10c; old. 9%c;
Young America. 10<311e: Eastern. 15%©16 c;
Western. 13VrSafl5e per lb.
EGGS— O,uo"ted at 14c for store and 15-3160
per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold storage.
12%514c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
A ear of Navels «old at the auction at Jl 55@
230 for fancy small sizes and Jl 15@1 30 for
standards. Lemons sold at $1 50. Five cars will
be offered on Monday, and as receipts otherwise
will amount to at least half a dozen cars, there
will be plenty of Oranges offering.
Watsonville Strawberries sold at $s®« per
chest.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— __
APPLES— 3O®fiOc per box for common. 75c®Jl
for rood to choice, and $1 2561 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 SCS2 75
per box; Seedlings, 73cS$l 50; Pomelos. 75ca
2 50; Lemons. $I>Sl 60 for common and $2#2 H
for good to choice: Mexican Limes. $565 50: Cal
ifornia Limes. 25550 c; Bananas. Jl 25*32 50 per
bunch; Pineapples. J3 5C@4 per dosen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Stagnation still prevails, and the market Is
nominal.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4%c for
40-50's. 4Q4^c for 50-Ws. 3%c for 80-70's. 3«4c
for 70-80's. Jc for 80-90"s and 2\c for 90-100's;
Apricots, 11S13C for Royals, 12%516c for Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5%@
6c for Standards. «%®Mic for choice and 7©Sc
for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10©12% c: Evapo
rated Apples. 6©7 c: Sun-dried. 5®5%c per lb;
Nectarines. B@9c; Pears. 3%®4%c for dark, and
7*?Sc for bright halves: Black Figs. 232% c;
White Flsrs. 2®3c: Bleached Plums, 839 c; Un
bleached Plums, 7®7%c for pitted and 1%0 for
unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, pet
lb, 10c: choice. 9c; standard, 8c: prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice, T%c: standard. «%e;
prime, sc: unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless.
60-lb bcxes, sc: 2-crcwn, loose muscatels, 6%c:
3-crown 6Vlc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown $1 50 per box; J-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. Ail
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. B©9c: Walnuts. B@9c for
standards and 96 10 c for softshell; Almonds,
Hl-Ql2cH 1 -Q12c for paper shell, 9®loc for soft and 4@
6c for hardshell: Peanuts. s»i'S6^ic for Eastern
and 6c for California; Brazil Nuts. T%6Sc; Fil
berts, 12512% c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
65.
HONET— Comb. «%©l2c for bright and 10%©
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted. ?U@7%c; dark, 6%jJ
6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — J4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BS%
Sterling Cables — 4 g»%
New York Exchange, sight — 18
New York Exchanee. telegraphic. — ¦ 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 4S 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change, but Chicago was weaker on large
Argentine shipments of 1.600.000 bushels and
liberal receipts tn the Northwest. There was
no pressure, but the bears had the advantage,
being assisted by lower Continental cables and
unloading of Corn by bulls.
The local market was lower, both on and off
call
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9S%c@sl: milling,
$1 oHi®l 03* i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sasslon — 9:15 o'clock— December —
2000 ctls. $1 CS%; 10,000, $1 OS. May-2000. $1 01!4;
sooo, $1 01%.
Second Session— May— l6,ooo ctls. $1 01%. De
cember—6ooo. $1 OS: 2000. $1 07%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000.
Afternoon SesMon — December— 4ooo ctls. Jl 03:
16 000 *1 07%: SOOO. Jl 07H: 26.000. |107%: 4000.
Jl 07%. May— 2ooo ctls, Jl 01%; SOOO, Jl 01H; 16,
000 Jl 01 1 *; 32.000. $1 01%.
BARLEY— The market Is quieter, but no
Feed 75@77%c for No. 1 and 65@72V4c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades. 80©87% c;
Chevalier, nominal.
j ; . CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Sesston-No sales.
OATS— The market Is dead.
White. $110©l»: Red. KCCMI7H: Gray.
J1G7%®115; Black, 92%cg5102%.
CORN— Eastern White Is quoted at 95c per
ctl and Eastern Yellow at U®1 02%; mixed.
97 UYE J -^Quoted at 97%@J1 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. J3 60®3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, J3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington, J2 75®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 60;
Oat 'Groats. $4 50: Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $454 25; 1 Cracked Wheat. J3 75;
Farina, J4 50: V> hole W heat Flour. $3 60-
Rolled Oats (barrels). J6®7 25; In sacks J5 75a
7. Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. J5; Green Pea»
$5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The markets under this head are weak as a
rule, but quotations show little change from
day to day.
BRAN— II 2 50@13 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— JI7®2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15@17 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J26@27; Jobbing.
$27 60g23; Cocoanut Cake, $20<82l; Corn Meal
J23@23 50; Cmcked Corn. $23 50@24; Mixed Feed.'
Jl5 50; Cottonseed Meal. $28 per ton.
• HAY— Wheat. $6 60©8 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat, J6 60@s 50-
Oat. J6©B; Barley. Js®7; Alfalfa. J6®7 50 per
ton.
STRAW— 23<24Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There -Is nothing new ¦to report under this
head, all lines being quiet and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, (3 2SQZ 35; small White. f3 20
-. . .
CCRED MTSATS— Bacon. 9^o per n> for
heavy. 10c for light medium, lie for light. 12c
for extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13@13%c; California
Hams nominal: Mess Beef, Jl2 per bbl: extra
Mess 'Jl3 Family. Jl4; extra Prime Pork. $14 60;
extra clear. $17; Mess. $16; smoked Beef, lie
P *LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@7c per lb for
compound and Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
SVic- 10-lb tins. S»ic: 6-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%88%c per lb: 10-lb
tins, 9%c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs ana brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
IOH©" I **: medium. 9%©10% c; light. »%c:
Cowhides. 9%®10%c; Stags. 7c: Salted Kip. S%®
10% c: Calf, 9%^10%c: Dry Hides, sound. 13c;
culls' and brands. 15@16c; Dry Kip and Veal,
17c- Dry Calf. 19fJ20c; Sheepskins, yearlings. 20
eiOc each; short Wool. S5S6Oc each; medium.
Toir&Oc- long Wool. $161 25 each; Horse Hides,
12 7363 for large and 75c51l 25 for small; Colt*.
60c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No- X.
4c; refined. 6%c; grease. 2%©3 c
WOOL—
Fall clip San Joaquln plains. 9310 c; South
ern SfflOc; Middle County. 11813 c; Humboldt
and' Mendoctno. 17@20c: Eastern Oregon. 13£l«c;
Valley Oregon. lS©2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, ll@14c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10®
Ho per lb
HOPS— 7OIIc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The market ts firmer again all around, and
several descriptions. Including Beef. Mutton and
Veal, are higher under lighter supplies. Spring
Lamb Is weaker. ¦ Hcgs axe flrm. but no higher.
BEEF— 6U©7»4c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— SiJIOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B®B%c; ewes. TUo per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 12% c; yearlings, 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hcgs, 5%c for small. s!ic for me
dium and 5>4@5%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 6V46»%c: dressed Hogs. 78S%c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bars. J5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6US6%c; Wool Bags. 25%<g32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— 'Wellington. J8 per ton; new Welling
ton. JS; Southfleld Wellington. J7 50; Seattle.
J7; Bryant. V. Coos Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. J8;
Co-operative Wallsend. $S; Scotcb. ; Cum
berland. $12 In bulk and 113 SO In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Cannol, JU p er
ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks.
Harrison's Circular says: "During the week
there have been six arrivals of Coal from Wash
ington. 16.500 tons; four from British Columbia.
14.312 tons, and two from Oregon. 1050 tons; to
tal. 31,562 tons. Fortunately our deliveries for
the- past two weeks were heavy, or we would
have had a serious deficit locally. Our fuel
stock Is a hand-to-mouth one; the amount here
; has to be finessed to satisfy consumers and
: make a sparse division with each; It Is a aeii-
I ous strain upon both the distributor and the re
; celver. Prices remain stationary; no advantage
Is being taken of the situation; Importers deem
It prudent not. to disturb values too markedly.
Inflated values would naturally lnctea.se foreign
shipments, besides creating labor disturbance
at points of production; hence. In the long ru:>.
the present policy !;• probably the more JuJl
clous. As the weather has moderated sor.ie
what, the demand for household coals will nec
essarily diminish, which may enable the whole
sale dealers to accumulate a little stock tn their
yards. Our chances for shipments of foreign
Krades from Great Britain or Australia, are
monthly becoming more unfavorable, notwith
standing the present seductive grain freights
now ruling In former years, with the present
grain freight tariff now existing, we would
have had a liberal Influx of foreign coals from
mi sections.
ti^SFl^" 1110 * H 11 ** 1 - U IS © 4 23: China No. 1.
jZ® SVffl-™!* 101 , $5©5 5O: Hawaiian. Js©s 25;
Japan. *4 ,j@o: Louisiana. *4 5037.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In lflO-lb bags:
S^^ 1 ' £ CruBhed »nd Fine Crushed. s*e ; p ow :
dered 6Sc; Candy Granulated. 5V»c: Dry Gran
ulated. 6Hc; Confectioners' a. &V: Magnolia
Jor less than 75 barrels or «ta equivalent.
JJominos. Hair-barrels, tftc; °^ es . i^c £r ?£
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week end
ing February 15, with the precentace of in
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
responding week last year:
Percentage.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $»-..8,072.088 5.8
Boston 122,i>40.054 13.7
Chicago 121.352.076 13.4
Philadelphia 76.7i0.741 14.3
St. Louis 3U23.515 13.5
Pittsbarg 24.443.031 .... 35.7
Baltimore 18.547.163 6.4
San Francisco 18.766.T.09 6.6 ....
Cincinnati 15.420.000 23.1
Kansas City 12.662.16S 35.2
New Orleans 13.089.452 63.6 ....
Minneapolis 5.956.452 33.1 ....
Detroit 7,&f>3.i.63 13.5
Cleveland 11.3C4.67t 40.1
Louisville 9.818.430 1.7
Providence 6.453.C00 14.2
Milwaukee 6.7-11,372 2.1
i^t. Paul 4.027.172 15.1
Buffalo 4.725.589 15.6
Omaha 5,749.474 .... 10.2
Indianapolis 5,33<i,291 47.8
Columbus. 0hi0.... 4,714.400 26.2
Savannah 5.P59.037 197.3
Denver 4.2<M.0G9 63.7
Hartford 2.272.064 .... 2.4
Richmond 4.019.W53 22.7
Memphis 3.177.9(i9 73.9
Washington 2.257,r.f1S 6.0
Peoria 1,871,202 7.1
Rochester 1.752.163 .... 19.5
New Haven ;. 1.574.6U 20.1
Worcester 1,374,6<>4 5.2
Atlanta 1.553.972 E1.9 ....
Salt Lake City 2.031.776 10.5
Fprlnpfteld. Mass... 1.230.1« l 9.4
Fort Worth 1,456.170 .... 8.1
Portland. Me 1,035.125 .... 17.7
Portland. Or 1.754.419 11.8
St. Joseph 3.747.199 61.1
Los Angeles 2.427.166 48.6
Norfolk 1,419.979 32. S
Syracuse 976.609 2.5
I>es Moines 1.137.K5S 6.2
Nashville 1.050.580 . 1.2 ....
Wilmington. Del... 910.036 41.3 ....
Fall River 1.107.5?4 • 6.1
Reranton 947,542 27.8 ....
Grand Rapids 1,23«,552 8.7
Augusta. Ga 1.754.959 169.4
Lowell 451.520 .... 11.6
Dayton Ohio 941.112 6.3
Seattle 1.939.296 56.3
Tacoma 735.725 13.4 ....
Spokane 1,173.626 17.8
Sioux City 912.156 6.4
New Bedford 462,535 10.2
Knoxvllle. Ter.n.... 499.502 17. 1
Topeka 616.066 65.9
Birmingham 811.311 73. 8 '" ....
Wichita 621.7.07 5.7
Blnehamton 372. 600 29.1 ....
l^xinKton, Ky 962.5J3 P6.5
Jacksonville. Fla.. 29."U12 3S.S
Kalamaroo 517.881 24.9
Akron 424, 0W ?5.S
Chattanooga 3.*9.124 31.9 ....
Rockford. 11l 293.319 26.8
Cantor.. Ohio 243.100 44.1
Springfield. 0hi0.... 257.463 17.1
Fotko. N. D 255.61S 5.5
Sioux Falls. S. D... 3P5.341 7.6
Hastings, Ncbr 162.351 44.6
Fromont. Nebr 124.5.% M.I
Davenport ff«0.049 10.2 ....
Toledo 1.913.KCS 21.4
Oalvestcn 7.504. 000 15.0
Houston E.n"4.597 43.5
Helena C23.44S 17.8
Kvanßville M2.12H 106.0
Mneon 711.171
Little Rock .'. E72.253 117.3
Springfield. 11l 390.fn2 52.0
Younpstown 324.R17 15. 6 ....
Sajrinaw 805.243 12.4
Totals. U. S $1.G07,131.?31 8.6 ....
Totals outside of
New York f593.039.213 13.1
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J13.716.977 11. J
Toronto 9.477.65S .... 1.3
Winnipeg 1.P52.3U 15.4
Halifax 1.3ff1.303 18.1
Hamilton 705.087 11.0 .. .
St. John. N. B 694.062 7.0
Vancouver 703.446 30.4
Victoria 650.239 2.9 ¦
Totals _.. J25.730.013 Ti ....
Delaware & Hudson 115%
1,115 Del Lack & Western 179%
730 Denver & R G 19H
2.300 Dever & R G prefd 71%
100 Erie \i\
fcOO Erie Ist rrefd S6»*
Great Northern crefd 158
310 Hocklr.g Coal 15
Hocking Valley 34
6SO Illinois Central 113%
LSiM) lowa Central 13>j
400 lowa Central prefd 52' i
Kansas City Pitts & Gulf 13
ZZO Lake Erie & Western 20V4
Lake Krie &. Western prefd S3U
Lake 194
1,160 Lou-.Fvllle & Nashville £1%
6.1J2 Manhattan L 9;nH
1,410 Metropolitan Street Railway 177%
Mexican Central 12
220 Minn & St Louis 63
Minn & St Louis prefd 93
400 Missouri Pacific 46*j
Mobile & Ohio 4S*«
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10
610 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 32V*
New Jersey Central '. 116%
5.455 New York Central 134 l»
1,410 Norfolk & Western 2S'£
950 Norfolk & Western prefd 73^
4.100 Northern Pacific 53V;
1.200 Northern Pacific prefd 74%
6»0 Ontario & Western 23"»
Ortgrn Railway & Nay 42
Ortgon Railway & Nay prefd 76
14.560 Pennsylvania 134%
Reading IS\
2,600 Heading 1« prefd 66
3UO Reading id prefd IS
IUo «.Jrande Western 46
Rio UranJe Western rrefd S7
St Louis & San Francisco 10%
St Louis & S F Ist prefd 68
200 St Louis & S F Id prefd 35
St Louis Southwestern 10%
St Louis Southwestern prefd 27%
5.423 St Paul 122 5 ;
St Paul prefd 171%
St Paul & Omaha 115
9.275 Southern Pacific 3S
100 Southern Hallway l]Tj
LSO.i Southern Hallway prefd 66*4
3>» Texas & Pacific ie%
12. 1 M) Union Pacific 60%
1.14U Union Pacific prefd 76\
Wabash t>%i
Wabaah jrefd 2<>\
1,206 Wheeling & Lake Erie 10-ig
125 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 27i 4
Wisconsin Central li%
Express Companies—
Adams 115
American 147
United States 47
Wells-FarßO 155
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 33^
100 American Cotton Oil preferred 94
American Malting S^
160 American Malting preferred 15
2 r 'O American Smelting & Refining 41U
215 American Smelting & Refln. prefd. 31
ICO American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
300 American Steel Hoop i'M
130 Amerncan Steel Hoop prefd S4V*
6.130 American Steel & Wire 6Si%
fcs2 American Steel & Wire prefd SZ%
American Tin Plate 84%
304 American Tin Plate prefd S2\
19,i*3u American Tobacco 1094
American Tobacco prefd lSo^i
£20 Anaconda Mining Co 44%
14.160 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72%
1.300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45",
1.830 Continental Tobacco 32%
31S Continental Tobacco prefd %i\
4,070 Federal Steel bh\
710 Federal Steel prefd 75^
200 General Electric 127%
2,125 Glucose Sugar 53*4
Gluccs? S.ug:ar prefd 100
*X 0 International Paper 22' i
213 International Paper prefd GS\
Laclede Gas 76
National Biscuit Zd\
National Biscuit prefd 92%
1,060 National Lead 2i\
National Lead prefd 105%
2.123 National Steel Ko'
600 National Steel prefd 65%
New York Air Brake 130
1.500 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 6H t
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64%
IMS 6 Pacific Mall 37%
6,16.! People's Gas 105 ! ;
:. Pressed Steel Car Ef.%
Pressed Steel Car prefd &7
Pullman Palace Car ISB
100 Standard Rope & Twine 8
£6,170 Sugar 113%
ICO Sußar prefd 113
S,t'2O Tennotse* Coal & Iron PK 7 4
15,270 United States Leather IC'',
6<"« United States Leather prefd 75»i
2.370 United States Rubber 32»i
W* United States Rubber prefd S»4
67S Western Union MVi
SOO Republic Iron & Steel 24»i
340 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 68%
P C C & St Lous 64
"IS.SOO Total sales.
CLOSINO BONDB.
U S 2s re* I<»2%^ -Do 4s 9U4
Do 3s reg 109 V N V C lets 110
Do 3s coup 109H N J C cen 5s 124
Do new 4s reg... 1.14 Vi : N Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s c0up..134>4( Do 4s 106
Do old 4s reg 114 V N Pacific 8s 66v$
Do old 4s c0up. ..115%: Do 4s 104
Do 5s reg IU%|N T C & St L 45. .108
Do is coup 112% N & W con 4s 93%
Dlst of Col 3.65s 118 J .Do cni'Ss IJO
Atchison ten 4s lOO^'Or Nay lsts 110
Do a<3J 4s .'. t2%.\ Do 4s 102
Canada So 2ds IOSVOr Short Line 65. 127%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 96% i Do con 5s 114%
Do 5s 119%'Readlne: gen 45..,. ?5'4
Chi & N con 75.. ..141 jR G W lsts 97%
Colo So 4s S» IS Pacific 4s 54%
Do S F deb 55... 120% >5t L & I M con 5«.111^i
Chicago Term 45.. 92V St L & S F gen 65.122Vt
D& R G lsts 103 l ,i St Paul cons 167H
Do 4s 95% Ft P C & P Ists...ll9<*
E T V & G 15t5...101%j Do 5s 120H
Erie sren 4s 70% So Railway 5s 108%
F W & D C lsts.. 7l%iStand U & T 65... 77%
Gen Electric 55. ...117 jTenn new set 35.... 94%
O H &SA 6s 107 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...115%
Do 2ds 107 Do 2ds 04
H&T C 6s 110 U Pacific 4s 1049 i
Do con 6s ...110 jWabash lsts 117%
lowa Central lsts.. 113 Do 2dn 98%
X C P & Q l*ts... 724! West Shore 4s U4
La new con 4s 10C%|Wls Cent lsts 91t4
L & N unl 4» 99% Va Centuries 85%
M K£ T !di 66 1 Do deferred S
MINING STOCKS.
Cnollar 17|Ontarlo 7 75
Crown Point 07,Ophir • 60
Con C*l & Va 1 23|P]ymouth 14
Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 1 75
Gould & Curry 10 Do prefd 750
Hale & Norcroes.. 23 j Sierra Nevada 25
Homertake 50 W Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 60|Unlon Con 20
Mexican !. 201 yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AJCD BONDS.
Money — Westgh Elec 42
Call loans SMQi Do prerd ill
Time loans iyj Do prefd 61
Stocks— Wls Cent IS%
Atch Top 4 S F.. 20*; Dom Coal 41%
Do prerd 63H Do prefd 117
Am Sugar 112% Bonds-
Do prefil 113 Atchlson 4« 89
Bell Tel 33» Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. .24o Adventure 5
Boston L 122 lAllouez Mng Co 3
Boston & Maine 19S Atlantic 23
Chi Bur & Q l!4*i Boston & M0nt.. ..278
K<\ Elec 111 JO3 Butte & 805t0n.... 67%
Fltchburg prefd. ..121% Calumet & Hec1a.. 770
Gen Elec 127% ! Centennial 18Vi
Do preffl ISS Franklin 15
Federal Steel.: £5*4,1 Humboldt 60
I>o prefd 73%iOsceola 75
Mcx Central 12U'Parrot 44%
Did Colony 205 iQulncy 140
Old Dominion 18 v i Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
Rubber 32% Tamarack 193
Union Pac Mi Wlnona 3
Union Land s%' Wolverines ........ 41%
West End 9l?.!U.tah 30
New York Money Market.
y Py^ n i r fi n S» Xt.— Money on' c*U. steady ,
Family Retail Market.
Quicksilver Trade.
The receipts of Quicksilver at this port In
January were 19«5 flasks, against 1901 In Jan
uary. l£S9. The exports by tea were ;.?1 flasks,
valued at SS3.SSS, against 453 flasks at J17.C25.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy
Receipts of Wine and Brandy at this port in
January were as follows, compared with the
same raor.th last year: Of Wine. 1.3G0.470 gal
lons, against 1,840,200; of Braniy, K>,950 gallons,
against 73,753.
Exports of Lumber,
Export* of Lumber from this port In January
Tcer? 761.000 feet, valued at $14.552. against 5-46,
000 feet at f15.726 in the same month last year.
Weather Report.
<I2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 16. 19^C>— 5 p. m
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
FtaUcns— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.(0 34.88 15. 77
lied BlufT O.W) 15.09 13.18
H&cramfr.to 0.00 13.71 7. 50
Pan Francisco 0.00 14.57 7.77
Fresno 0.00 6-1* 3 -^
Independence 0.00 2. 0S 1.13
San Luis Obispo 0.00 12.41 7.13
Lns Anpelep 0.fH.1 *-6' *•••
Fan Diego 0.00 2.64 3.73
Yuma O.« 0 0.75 1.24
San Francisco data: Maximum t«?mr>erature,
C 3; minimum. «S: mean. L 2.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST
An area f>f hlch I ressure overlies the Rooky
Mountain region. Very cold weather prevails
«ast of th<» Itocky Mountains, and east bound
travelers fhculd po prepared for low tempera
tures. Tlw? area cf high pressure appears to be
moving slowly southeastward over Wyoming,
Colorado and Kansas.
The weather is generally fair over California.
lialn or snow Is falling on the PaxiSc Coast
Irom Astoria northward.
A maximum wind velocity of thirty-six miles
per hour from the east Is retried at Neah
I.ay. Heavy fronts probably injuring almonds
may occur Saturday mornlr.K In Southern Cali
fornia. Licht to heavy frosts are probable In
Southt-rn California.
Conditions are such that a etorm over the
North Pacific could move in very rapidly off
("ar* Mendoclno.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending mldnlcht. February IT. lSyO:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
along the coast from Cape Mendoclno. north
ward, where rain is likely; northerly, changing
to southeasterly, winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; cloudy
Saturday night; light northerly winds inland;
touthwesterly winds on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona — F"air Saturday, with heavy frosts In
the morning.
San Francisco tnd vicinity — Cloudy Saturday,
threatening rain In the afternoon and night; not
t. warm; light southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
choice cows, $3 10@4 40; heifers. $3 25@4 75: can
ners, $2 00-32 90; bulls. $2 70®4 40; calves. $5®
7 SO: fed Texas beeves, $4©5.
HOGS— Mixed and butchers, $* 75@5; good to
choice heavy, $4 90@5 02%: rough heavy, $4 75®
4 85; light, $4 7*34 92%; bulk of sales. $4 Ss<3
4 95.
SHEEP— Native wethers, U 75<g5 60; lambs,
$5@7;- We&tern wethers, $4 85@5 60; Western
lambs, $6«j'6 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, 27,000; sheep.
8000.
Continued on Pago Eleven.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 16.-FLOUR-Recelpt«, 14.
932 bushels: exports, 7260; market dull and feat
ureless.
WHEAT— Receipts, 6600 bushels; exports. 100.
000. Spot, weak; No. 2 red. 67% c elevator; No.
2 red. 7S%c f. o. b. afloat in store. Options
opened easy and dropped off Into positive weak
ness later In the day, owing to heavy Argentine
ehlpmentß. bearish Paris markets, liquidation,
snow In the West and the drop In Corn. Trade
was slack here all day, and price changes nar
row. The close was weak at %o net decline.
March closed 67?ic; May 74 13-16ig75 7-16 c, closed
75c; July 74%@75 l ie, closed 74% c; September 75
c 75 3-16 c. closed .
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE— Futures closed firm at s@lo points
net advance. Total sales, 27,250 bags, including:
February, $7 20; March, $7 15©7 20; May, $7 25;
July, $7 30^7 35: August, $7 4'); September, $7 40
@7 45; November, $7 60; December. $7 55@7 60;
January, $7 60. Spot Coffee— Rio, steady and
tending upward; No. 7 Invoice, B%c: No. 7 Job
bing-. 9%c. Mild— Steady to flrm; Cordova, 10(£
13Vic.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; Refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS
There waa a better feeling developed In Evap
orated Apples to-day, owing to Incerased de
mand from exporters and absence of sellers.
Prices remain unchanged, as unfavorable coun
try advices and larce receipts checked any ad
vance. At the close, however, the tendency
was upward, with the undertone of the market
flrm. California Dried Fruits ruled quiet and
steady,
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 5
66c; prime, 6H@6<4c; choice, 7@7%c; fancy. 8©
i%c. i
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%(ff7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13515 C; Moorpark. 15®18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, lS©22c; unreeled, 7%@Sc.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— 1t waa a very quiet,
uninteresting day In the local market for
metals. In sympathy with a further rise In
values In London tin again | advanced quite
sharply, but displayed no marked strength or
Its own. on the upturn. Advlcea from the
West were not of special significance. At the
close • the Metal • Exchange : called :
PIG IRON— Warrants very dull.
COPPER-Lake unchanged at |16 25.
TlN— Quiet at $30 85. .
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 70 bid and $4 75
asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $4 60 bid and
$4 70 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 45 and for
copper $16 26®16 60. ,
Chicago Livestock Market.
.CHICAGO. Feb. 16.— CATTLE— Good to choice.
$5®6; poor to medium. J4S-4 £0; mixed stockers,
W 1033 75: selected feeders. HiH 75; good to
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening 5 10% 5 10% 5 10%
Closing 5 10H 6 10i4 5 10H
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. May-Aug.
Opening 20 50 21 65
Closing 20 30 2130
Flour —
Opening 26 M 28 15
Closing 26 75 27 S3
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Feb. 16.— Clearings, J275.845; bal
ances. ?45,516.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Feb. 16.— Some dealers shaded
their limits on Walla Walla wheat to-day to
54c. but others were still quoting 65c. and Val
ley was easy at 53c. with a light demand; Blue
Stem Is nominally 56'a 57c.
TACOMA. Feb. 16. -WHEAT— CIub, 53% c;
Blue Stem, 55%0 for export and 2c higher for
milling.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Feb. 16.— Consols. 100%: silver.
27Vjd; French rentes. IOOf 67% c. Wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, nominal and unchanged; cargoes No.
1 Standard California, 30s 4%d: cargoes Walla
Walla. 2Ss 3d: English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 16.— Wheat flrm; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour in Parts, weak; French
country markets, quiet: weather In England,
unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands. 5a 8-32 d.
CLOSINO. .
WHEAT— Futures closed Quiet; March. 5s
10<Sd: May, 6s lO^id: July. 5s 10% d.
CORN— Spot American mixed (new), steady,
3s 8"» d: American mixed (old), steady. 3s 9Hd.
Futures, quiet: February, 3s STid; March. 3s
Svid; May, 3s sy.fl.
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 66%
May 68T4 6ST6 68»4 6SV4
July 69H 69% 6ST4 69V»
Corn No. 2—
February .... •••• 33H
May 35U 33H 34% 34*»
July 35% 35? i SSH 35U
Oats No. 2—
May 24 24 23% 23%
July 23 23 22% . 22T»
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 1100 1105 10 90 10 9714
July 1107% 11 07V4 10 92% 10 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May.. 6 07% 610 6 02% 6 07%
July 615 615 6 12% 615
Short Ribs, per 100 lbp—
May 6 02% 6 02% 6 97% 8 02%
July 6 05 6 05 6 00 6 02%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Fteady: No. 3 spring wheat, 64g67*ic; No. 2 red,
70V.(g714c; No. 2 corn. 33 1 4?g 1 33?; c: No. 2 oats,
23<^<S23»;c; No. 2 white, 25 s ;c: No. 3 white.
25H@2t>c; Na 2 rye, 55 Vic: No. 2 barley, 37@42c:
No. 1 flax seed, $1 60; prime timothy eeed, $2 50
®2 52H: mess pork, per bbl, $9 70(8>10 95: lard,
per 100 lbs, $5SO@5 95; short-rib sides (loose),
$:. 00' a 6 l.'» : dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6U9
6Vic; short clear sides (boxed). |6 05tj5 15; whis
ky, distillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 23>*;
sugars, cut loaf. 6.05 c: granulated, 5.49 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 63.000 35.000
Wheat, bushels »B,COO IS.OuO
Corn bushels 279.000 166.CM0
Oats, bushels 225.000 111000
Rye, bushels 3.000 2.0C0
Barley, bushels 56,000 42,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creamery. 19324 c: dairy,
19-5 22 c. Cheese, firm; 12313 c. Eggs, flrm; fresh.
Silver and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat lower and Barley quieter. Other cereals neglected.
Beans and Seeds neglected.
Hay and Feedstuff s dull and easy.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter continues to decline. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry market well cleaned up and firm.
Game dull and zveak, with ample supplies.
Heavier receipts of Oranges promised for next week.
Provisions unchanged, with a moderate demand.
Beef, Mutton and Veal higher. Lamb lower. Pork unchanged.
Xoihing nrua in the Rice market.
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.
Decreased exports of Lumber.
Increased exports of Quicksilver.
Some changes in Bags.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
at 2@2i4 per cent; last loan. 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4#5 per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 87%@4 S7»i for demand and at $4 S4H
for sixty days. Posted rates.' $4 85@4 BSH- Com
mercial bills. $4 84';@4 84H. Silver certificates,
£S»i<g6o*;c. Bar silver, 59& c. Mexican dollars,
414 1 He
BONDS— State. Inactive; railroad. Irregular;
Government, Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 16.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $296,673,081; gold reserve,
1222.243,771.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
The news of the relief of Kimberley caused a
booming opening in the markets here to-day,
De Beers rising IM. Business, however, was
most meager, provincial orders being stopped
by serious Interruptions In the telegraphic ser
vice and prices gradually dropped. Lord Rosu
bery's speech In Parliament yesterday induced
apprehensions In- some quarters of Impending
foreign complications. Consols, which began
at 101^4, were pressed down by heavy cash sales
of 100 H. and they closed at only H better. The
selling of consols was supposed to be in an
ticipation of the financial statement to be made
by the Chancellor of the Exchequer next Mon
day.
Americans began 1 per cent up but In the
absence of New York support slipped away
steadily to the close. The trading In this de
partment to-day was the dullest we have had
for j-ears.
Money was nominally unchanged, but there
was an easier tendency and few bills were
offered. The bank lost £200.000 gold, engaged
for shipment to the Cape.
The copper fortnightly statistics show stocks
unchanged and supplies increased by 1400 tons.
The Bank of Bombay has reduced Us mini
mum discount rate from 9 to 8 per cent.
CLOSINO
Canadian Pacific. 10HJ: Union Paciflo pre
ferred. 78*4: Northern Pacific preferred. 77:
Atchlson. 2\\; Grand Trunk, S>>4; Anaconda,
&*4; bar silver steady, C7%d,
Bradstreet's on Trade.
quarters, but the market was practically un
affected by the week's developments at Wash
ington In that quarter and seems to have given
more heed to the fact that the treasury this
week has been drawing on its balance in the
depository banks at New York. The demand
for bonds ta still excellent and prices for both
prime Investment and second-grade of bonds
hold firm .with fair, buying in progress.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION.
AUCTION AUCTION
TUESDAY, February 20th,
At 11 O'clock A. M.,
ON PREMISES. 516-51S WASHINGTON ST..
GOVERNMENT SUPPLIES,
Consisting of 2000 TenU: (K>oo Curtains anl
Nets: 6000 Duck and Drill Mattress Covers: IC-0
Sleeping Bags: 6500 Pillows: 4000 Shelter Tents:
SCO German Silver Band Instruments, Bass ant
Snare Drums; 100 Fitters: 500 Galvanized Water
Buckets: SCO Assorted Shovels, etc.
Contractors, Klondikers. resort keepers,
campers, hotels, steamboat*, sallmakers. tent
and awning makers, attention called to thu
sale. NEW YORK AUCTION CO..
Auctioneers.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 16.— The wheat market
opened easy on heavy Argentine shipments and
lower cables, May %@Uc depressed at 68',*®
68% c. There was little doing in cash wheat,
export demand was not encouraging and May
gradually sold off to 6S%®6S%c. The decline
was helped along by the weakness of corn.
At the bottom some demand from commission
houses caused a reaction to 6S*»c. The close
was weak. May %c down at 6S%c. Except for
some activity during the first hour and the
last thirty minutes the session was quiet.
The corn market yielded to heavy sales for
profit-taking by recent heavy buyers and con
sidering the deluge the price held pretty well.
Country offerings generally were reported
small. May closed %@*jc down at 34»4c.
Oats receded with the other grain markets.
The cash demand was poor. May closed V»c
under yesterday.
The weakness of corn and selling by longs
depressed the provision market, which closed
barely steady. Trade was quiet. There was
covering of pork and lard and a little nibbling
at lard by exporters. May pork closed 2%@5c
down. May lard a shade down and May ribs
closed a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Rcceitts of Produce
FOR FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 13.
Flour, ar sks ... 12.40S Middlings, sks .. ISO
Wheat, ctls 157,329 Sugar, sks *j0
Barley, ctls 10.465 Hay. tons 540
Oats, ctls 1.020 Straw, tons 4
Corn ctJs 340 Wool, bags 2
Cheese, ctls 74 Pelts, bdls 143
Butter, ctls 233 Hides, no 4.6»
Tallow, ctls 24«;Wlne. gal» 65.9 M
Beans, sks V<o Leather, rolls .... 241
Potatoes, sks ... 2,S.V.jE*g9. doz ttMfl
Or.lons. sks 22, Lime. bbU ....... 273
Bran sits 1.«33 Quicksilver, fiska 13
UTAH.
Flour, or sks ... 1.2631
NDTV YORK. Feb. IS.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: Satisfactory advices as to ex
panding spring trade In dry goods and kindred
lines come from a number of markets. That
the aggregate business of the country is of
good volume otherwise Is, however, indicated
by detailed reports of increases in trade, as
compared with last year, confirmed by satisfac
tory railroad earning reports, by fair gains in
bank clearings and by reports of better demand
for money in commercial channels. A year ago,
it rray be recalled, extremely stormy weather
was experienced, and some effects, notably
those on winter-sown crops, were very unfavor
able. This year opposite conditions have ruled,
and though some talk of lack of snow In grain
erowlng regions is heard, no widespread dam
age from cold weather is yet noted. In fact,
unseasonably mild weather has had an appre
ciable effect on several industries, notably those
engaged in the manufacture of footwear, in
discouraging sales of the same, actually causing
the shutdown of some rubber manufactures,
and also in the lumber and Ice business. The
scarcity of snow In the Northwest will unques
tionably affect the log-cutting season, and a
firmer tone as to values Is already perceptible,
notwithstanding talk of labor troubles affecting
the building trades.
Heavy rains and afterward floods have affect
ed business and transportation In New England
and Northern New York this week, and Cotton
and other mills reporting lack of water as a
reason for restricted operations a few weeks
ago have been interfered with thi6 week by the
extremely high level of the streams from which
they derive power.
The foreign demand for Iron and Steel seems
likely to have a most Important effect upon
prices of the domestic product. It Is conceded
that any Important concession in value would
be met by a heavy enlarged export movement.
American Piglron prices are steadily held, the
only weakness noted being manifested at the
East. Concessions in Southern prices are
claimed not to extend beyond one furnace. Con
siderable orders for Piglron have been placed at
full prices, and Northern coko Iron particularly
has moved well In the central East. Steel rails
are well held, a fair business being reported at
the West: but plates are weak. In spite of a
heavy business. Spring trade prospects In Hard
ware are good, best reports coming from the
West. The placing of a large order for Copper
by New England manufacturers at 16 cents Is
regarded as a guarantee that the price will be
maintained. Tin is higher, having reached 30
cents this week on improved demand and In
creased foreign speculative Interest.
Some shading in raw Sugar prices Is to be
noted, notwithstanding considerable business
done; but the refined grades, are firmly held,
and refiners Insist on shorter delivery periods.
Coffee is fractionally lower also, as are Lard
and Butter.
Wheat (lncludlnc Flour) shipments for the
week aggregate 3.834.0C9 bushels, against 2.902.
357 bushels last week. 2.454.771 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1599, 3.032.744 bushels in
ISSS. 2,i:0,536 bushels In 1837 and 3,149.012 bushels
In 1596.
Failures for the week In the United States
number 199. as compared with 231 last week, 160
in this week a year ago, 2C9 in IS9S. 825 in IS»7
and 276 in 1596. Failures for the week In the
Dominion of Canada number 35, as compared
with 25 last week, 20 In this week a year ago. 3S
in 189S and 58 in 1597 and 1896. respectively.
Butter. Eggs and Cheese are all cheaper.
There Is no particular change In Poultry or
Meat. Game Is still cheaper, and will be out of
season on the Ist of March. Doves are already
out.
Fruits and Vegetables are about the same aa
last week. Receipts of Asparagus and Rbubarb
are still slender and prices are high.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel I @13 00 Seattle 13 00®
Wellington... ©10 CO Southfield
New Welling- I Wellington. <f0 iO
ton (310 00 roos Bay &' 60
Dairy Produce, etc —
Butter, fancy, per j Common Eggs — \y& —
square 50#S5 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll — @4j' dozen ITVaS^
Do, good 40@— jHoney, Comb, per
Cheese. Cat 12%*- Do. extracted.. — <t?10
Cheese. Eastern.. 17fa20' pound XZ'&Vi
Cheese, Swiss... 2CKa3oi
Meats, per It) —
Bacon 12ft 17 Pork, fresh 15t?20
Beef, choice lS^COjPork, salt 12#15
Do. good lu'ali|Pork Chops 15f/lS
Corned Beef — *ilu Round Steak 10<gl3
Ham, Cal 13^— Sirloin Steak lofr—
Do Eastern... l7%fj — Porterhouse d 0... 20tf25
Lard' liSl3 Smoked Beef 12.-gli
Mutton — ®13 Pork Sausages. . lS^'Jf'.M
Spring Lamb 15'o20,Veal 15@20
Poultry and Game —
Hens each 30*373 Quail. doxen..fl 50t?l 7S
Young Roosters, j Mallard. pa1r..75c3*l 00
each 83^73 Canvasback. per
Old Roosters. ea..«0'&75; pair "Scijfl 00
Fryers, each .Wo *> Sprig, pair 5*965
Broilers, each 40fuo0i Teal, per pair 40550
Turkeys, per 1b...15'&2<); Widgeon. palr....4<Wr.Jo
Ducks each tOOTSI Small Duck. pair.3!V#3s
Geese. each...sl 25^1 *> Wild Geese. pair.. 60373
Pigeons, pair 4ofiW ' English Snipe,
Rabbits, pair 41X9M! per dozen J3@3 50
Hare, each — <&20|jack Snipe $17:32
Fruits and Nuts— ¦
Almonds, per 1b...15<220 Limes, per dozen.. 10ifl.»
Apples *& 6 Raisins, per 1b.... SSIO
Bananas dozen. ..lo-SJl3" Walnuts, per lb..— <SlS
Cranberries, qt....— <glQ,' Strawberries, per
Orar.ges. dozen.... 10«i 05; basket 13<3i»
Lemons, dozen — lO'QMi
Vegetables — _
Artichokes. dz.73c©|l 23;Okra. dry. per lb.— -gS
Asparagus lb 20040 Peppers, green, lb. Sal.)
Beets dozen 12ti 15 Potatoes, per lb.. 3« 5
Beans, white, lb.. Kf— 'Sweet Potatoes.... 3« i
Colored per lb.. I'd 5 Parsnips, per doz.laW—
Lima, per 1b....— <& c Rhubarb, per lb...lo'rfr»
Cabbage each 5.-QTIO, Radishes, dz bchs.l#fn2
Cauliflowers, ea.. s'fflo Sage, doz bnch5... 25335
Celery, bunch 5S— String Beans. 1b..15<©20
Cress, doz bncha.2o©3s Summer Scjuash,
Eg< Plant, lb 15^20! per pound 8310
Green Peas. 1b.... 4® 8 Thyme, per 1b.... 2^330
Lentils, per 1b.... 6@ B .Turnips, per doz.. loola
Lettuce., per doz.. IS ft— Tomatoes, per lb. BfilS
Onions, 'per lb 2@ 3i
Barracuda — @13Shrlmp» ~^Z
Carp ITS— Shad — <§V>
Codfish — «15Sea Bass — <g—
Flounders 12£— Smelts log—
Halibut 15®— Soles 12ah>
Herrtng 10®— Skates, each Wgli
Klngflsh — &lsClams. gallon 50<£—
Mackerel -«-| Do hardshell, 100. 40-^3O
Do Horse —©—Crabs, each 10«15
p cr eh 15«J— I Do softshell. dz.25«53
Pompano — @ — Mussels, quart ICX&I2
Rockflsa — <gls Oysters. Cal. VM..Viir»)
Salmon fresh lofiM Do Eastern, dos. 236 40
Do. smoked -<g2O
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 16.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly. Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
Business continued larger than ever at this
season In amount of payments and on the
whole as large as ever In retail deliveries,
though new transactions do not yet give as
surance that It will hold at the same rate.
Conditions affecting new orders and contracts
have changed In some respects most favor
ably, while other conditions tend to restrict
operations for a time, but a conservative judg
ment of the conflicting tendencies appear to
warrant strong hope. Important branches of
business are hindered by labor troubles, of
which the building trades strike at Chicago
affects the greatest number of contracts for
industrial products and the labor and wages
of the greatest number of men. Circumstances
do not yet promise Its speedy ending and In
Borne other branches of Industry prosperity
and advanced prices seem to have rendered
controversies more frequent. But In other
branches declining prices or such decrease of
orders as may lead to stoppage of works have
an opposite tendency.
The rise in wheat brings out larger Western
receipts— ln two weeks 5.444.192 bushels, against
6,236,166 bushels last year— but Atlantic exports,
flour Included, In the same weeks have been
only 3.645.40S bushels, against 6.192.407 bushels
last year. The price closed half a cent higher
for the week.
The suit of Mr. Frlck against the Carnegie
Company to obtain an accounting and settle
ment discloses enormous profits made when
prices of steel products doubled last year, but
when peace was kept by the gigantic Iron and
steel combination. That results of great Im
portance may spring from a contest affecting
the control of so many Iron works Is evident.
The new sheet company has the united owner
ship of 160 mills It Is said, but four widely
known concerns controlling sixty-five mills re
fused to Join. Prices of pig have not changed,
though considerable sales. Including some for
export, are reported, but the excess of supply
over demand which appeared In January Is
Increased by the starting of a new furnace
with a capacity of 600 tons daily. A sale Is
reported of 13,000,000 pounds of Calumet and
Hecla copper to consumers of the Naugatuck
Valley at 16 cents.
Heavy sales of leather at Boston, exceeding
100,000 sides, at a reduction of %c In price,
with unusually large sales of hides at Chicago,
also at lower prices. Indicate that the dealers
and consumers who have looked for cheaper
boots and shoes may be satisfied. Heavy im
ports of hides at New York have some In
fluence and are part due to the famine in
India. Shipments of shoes since February 1
have been 28,000 cases, or nearly 20 per cent
larger than In the two weeks of any other
year, but many of the works are nearly out
of orders.
Wool sales at three Eastern markets have
been only 12,324,456 pounds In two weeks,
BKalnsl 12,635,600 pounds last year. The in
terior still believes In a further advance, but
buying of wool on sheeps' backs has stopped
and the manufacturer has made It clear that
the mills hold large stocks to fill recent orders.
Cancellations become so numerous as to cause
Borne uneasiness, but as yet only help mills
which have taken more orders than they can
mi.
Failures for two weeks have been $3,337,170;
manufacturing. 52.356.253: trading, $2,563,600.
Failures for the week have been 218 In the
United States against 178 last year, and 42 In
Canada against IS last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
8The collar bone is more frequently
broken than any other bone In the body.
During last year 1465 persons were in-
oculated for hydrophobia at the Pa3teur
Institute In Paris, and of theso only
three died.
Deeds Away Her Property.
OAKLAND. Feb. I«.— Mrs. Harriet Fran
ces Stevens has deeded to the William
and Alice Hlnckley fund lots 1 and 2 of
block 8 of the College Homestead. Berke
ley, the conditions being that $20 a month
is to be paid her during life, and ur.on
h*r death the money is to be paid to ner
Lrother during his life. *
Bring Trade to Oakland.
OAKUND. Feb. 16.— The merchants of
OsklHivl i re trying to perfect an arrange
ment by which residents of the Interior
of Alameda and Contra Costa counties
may come to Oakland to do their buying
and upon presentation of proof of their
trip will have the price of their railroad
tickets rebated to them.
WANT WHEELER
TO INFLUENCE
THEIR COACH
*
Students Turn to
Their President.
BERKELEY, Feb. 16.— The student ath
letic committee of the University of Cali
fornia has decided to write a letter to
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, wha U
now In the East, concerning a football
coach for next year. The committee ia
in a quandary as to what to do. as "Ad"
Kelly has refused the offer of $1500. Hiide
brand. the famous Princeton tackle, has
also declined an offer from California be
cause of a previous engagement It is the
idea of the student committee to have
President Wheeler use his influence to In
duce Kelly or Hildebrand to come to Cali
fornia.
The student body is in favor of "Ad"
Kelly, who assisted in coaching the vic
torious team last year. He is familiar
with the existing conditions and would
have a natural advantage. However. H:i
debrand is one of the three best men ever
brought out by Princeton. Cochran and
Lee being the others. President Whseler
Is an enthusiast In athletic matters and
will probably do something along the lines
suggested in the committee's letter.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 16.— An epidemic cf
seasickness has struck the people of Ala
meda. It has not been caused by the
rocking of the ferry-boats, but by th<? ec
centric behavior of the cars of the Oak
land Transit Company. And now Dr. C.
H. Lubbock, a member of the Board of
Health, has interested himself in the mat
tor and has made an Investigation of the
cars and roadbed.
Dr. Lubbock said yesterday:
"Several of my women patients have
been made car-sick through riding on the
care of the branch lines, particularly tho
High street line. Carsickness is similjr
to seasickness, and has the same disagree
able effect. The service is simply abom
inable. The cars rock a good deal worse
than ferry-boats in rough weather. They
pitch and bump and tear around the
tracks at a terrible rate. I don't womler
people get that funny feeling when riding.
"The trouble lies with the Inadequate
cars and poorly maintained rojull.ed. The
cars on the branch lines are equipped
with elngle trucks. They ought to have
double trucks — four wheels at t-ach en'l.
The roadbed is like the rocky road to
Dublin. I don't suppose It has been fixed
since it was built. The tracks are loose-
Jointed and out of shape. It's miraculous
how the cars ktep the tracks. One did
jump the tracks last Monday and ran
down a drugstore. The Transit Company
claims the branches do not pay, but tl>at
is no reason why the daylight should be
shaken out of patrons.
"The jolting of the cars is bound to re
sult in the injury of health, aside from
the fact that passengers are robbed of all
comfort. It is harmful to the health in
various ways. Car men In charge of Hlßh
street cars £ay they can't stand them
more than a month, and they are always
glad when they are relieved. I hope we
will be able to do something ¦with the raU
road people and bring about a change."
POETUM rrr.-n.-g at.
MAN AND WIFE.
Se« Changes as They Change.
To sweeten sour human nature, one
of the best methods is to leave off coffee
if it gives you dyspepsia or makes you
nervous.
"I asked husband this morning to
write out a testimonial for the Postum
Cereal Co.. and from it I quote: 'I am
pleated to be able to state that my wife
has been cured of sick headaches and
"general cussedness" by leaving off cof-
fee and using your Postum Food Cof-
fee. My home is now a happy one.'
"I am forced to admit his joke con-
tains more than a modicum of truth, for
I find now I have complete control of
my nerves, while formerly I was often
irritable, and husband himself has been
entirely cured of insomnia by leaving
off coffee and taking up Postum. He
bleeps now like a baby from the time he
rocs to bed until morning; and perhaps
his improvement is partly a reason for
his seeing such an improvement in me
At any rate, our old sickness and
troubles have disappeared.
"I had tried everything for my sick
headaches, but as long as I stuck to the
coffee the headaches stuck to me. It
took us a little while to learn that we
must follow the directions in making
Postum in order to obtain a really pal-
atable, delicious beverage. People must
get over the idea that they can make it
in any kind of a slipshod way and have
it pood. The great element in making
good Postum is to allow it plenty of
time to boil. That is certainly simple
enough, and when the cook becomes ac-
customed to making Postum one can
drpend upon a regular quality every
morning.
"I know people who seem to >be
able to drink coffee, with no bad ef-
fects; and on the other hand I know that
probably one-half of all my friends are
more or less unpleasantly affected with
coffee, when they persist in using it, but
Postum has obtained a strong hold
since its qualities have become known,
and a great many of our friends are
steady users of Postum in place of the
ordinary coffee, and you may be sure
even.- family that has used Postum for
even one month will be ready to testify
to the improvement in health.
"If you should publish this letter
please suppress my name, as I have a
horror of undue notoriety. If any one
will take the trouble to write you for
riy name and address I will cheerfully
answer any questions that may be
asked, and furnish satisfactory evidence
to substantiate my statements. Re-
spectfully," Mrs. , Hyde Park,
Lo&doa, Can,
Death of Arthur H. Field.
HAYWARDS. Feb. 16.— Arthur H
Cut His Throat.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. IS.— William King,
a cheesemaker, committed suicide at Da
venports this morning by cutting his
throat with a razor. King returned from
San Francisco yesterday afternoon. No
cause is assigned. He was 50 years of age.
ARRIVAL OF THE
BODY OF MRS. FOOTE
OAKLAND, Feb. K>.— Tho» body of Mrs.
W. W. Foote. who died In Hongkonsr on
January 16. arrived on the steamer Coptic
yesterday and was brought to the Foote
residence in this city. The body was re
moved from the steamer and brought to
Oakland on a special tug to-day.
The funeral will take place from tha
home of Mr. Foote, 1154 Brush «treet. to
morrow morning.
A CUPIED
AT HOME
OAKLAND, Feb. 18.— The "Cupid at
home" given this evening by the
young ladies of the Mizpah Chris
tian Endeavor Society of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church was one of
the most delightful affairs planned in
Commemoration of St. Velentine's day.
The "at home" was In honor of the young
men of the society, who last year sim
ilarly complimented the young ladles, and
was made very enjoyable by a pro
gramme. Refreshments, consisting of Ice
cream and cake?, were served. The Sun
day-school rooms of the church, where
the reception was given, were decorated
In a very novel way. Portieres of emilax,
tiny srspended pink and white heirrts and
Japanese lanterns separated them and a
profusion of violets, wild flowers and
China lilies were arranged on the piano
and elsewhere. The gas Jets were
twined with smllax and pink roses. The
effect was extremely artistic and was the
background for the reception committee
of young ladies In dainty gowns. This
committee was also the committee of ar
rangements, and consisted of Miss Mabel
McCutcheon, Miss Minnie Walton, Miss
Claire Walton, Miss Bessie Lancaster,
Miss Ellen Fearn. Miss Nettie Downing,
Mies Emma Covert. Miss Smith, Miss
Harford and Miss Grace Edwards. Dr.
and Mrs. E. R. Dllle, .Miss Heaton and
Mr. .Spencer were present to assist the
young ladles.
The programme consisted of several
musical and literary numbers, Miss Min
nie Walton giving a piano solo, Miss
Fearn a vocal solo and Miss Vivian
Clark, Miss Claire Walton and Miss
Noble reciting. Over seventy-flve young
gentlemen were received and the total
attendance was over 200. At the con
clusion of the evening dainty hand-paint
ed heart-shaped souvenirs were distrib
uted. The society is one of the largest in
Oakland, and contains some very Well
known and popular young people.
The concert to-night by the Hughes
Club was one of the musical events of the
year and drew a large and fashionable
audience to the First Congregational
Church. It was the first of the fourth
season and offered a programme under
its able director, D. P. Hughes, that was
made particularly delightful by the as
sistance of John Marquardt, the violin
ist. The soloists of the evening were
Mrs. A. A. Dewing, Miss Mary Chester
Williams. Mrs. J. L. Williams and Mrs.
Arthur E. Beasey. Mrs. C. H. Daly and
Mrs. Margaret Cameron Smith were the
accompanists. The concert was opened
by the club in Chaminade's "The Sailor's
Christmas," Mrs. Williams being the solo
ist. Rheinberger's "Mountain Brook"
was given next and was followed by Mr.
Marquardt In the "Gypsy Dance," by
Nachez. Miss Williams sang the solo
part in Luckstone's "Delight" and Mrs.
Bessey in that of Bartletfs "Autumn
Violets." The second part consisted of
five club numbers and a violin solo, Mrs.
Dewing being the soloist. The officers of
the club are Mrs. Margaret Cameron
Smith, president: Mrs. F. M. Husted,
vice president; D. P. Hughes, director;
Mrs. W. E. Montgomery, treasurer; Mrs.
C. B. Dexter, secretary; Mrs. p. Long,
librarian; Mrs. C. A. Allardyce, Mrs. J.
A. Campbell and Miss Minnie L. Hatch,
voice committee: Mrs. Carroll Nicholson
and Mrs. A. A. Dewing, music commmlt
tee. ... -
The State University Young "Women's
Christian Association will give Tennyson's
"Dream of Fair Women" next Friday
evening in Stiles Hall, Berkeley. The mas
terpiece will be presented In tableau, the
different parts being taken by prominent
young ladies. There will be booths ar
ranged tor the sale of confections and
lcee.
The German Ladles' Relief Society gave
a benefit entertainment in Chapman's Hall
to-night. Mrs. Rademan having charge of
the programme. There were selections by
the IdeaJ Mandolin, Guitar and Banjo
Club, a piano eolo by Miss Rademan. a
vocal 8010 by Miss Greeninger of San
Francisco, violin numbers by Chaxles
Schwarz and Master Theodore Haelke,
and Ma»ter A. Haelke nnd Master C.
Rued gave cornet solos. • Miss A. Haelke,
Mies Conradl and Miss Sealberger were
the accompanists. There was a Juveni'e
cakewalk and a dinner symphony.
The engagement reception of Misa Hat
tie Hyman of Oakland and Harry I*
Epworth Officers.
OAKLAND. Feb. 16.— The Epworth
Leaput' of Alameda Coucty elected the
following officers at its meeting to-day:
President, IJ. L. Weymouth. First Church,
Alameda: first vice president, Augustus
White, Chestnut-street Church faoulh;
second vice president. H. O. Erickson,
Danish and Norwegian Church, Oakland
<re-elected>; secretary. Dr. J. Burris
Wood, Golden Gate Church; treasurer.
Mrs. E. K. Healey, Asbury Church
South, Oakland.
DEATH CALLS AN
OAKLAND PIONEER
OAKLAND. Feb. 16.— Mrs. Kitty Wall,
widow of the late Jesse Wall, died last
evening at the house of Sam Bell McKee.
10C3 Adeline street. Two weeks a^o she
was stricken with apoplexy at the Mc-
Kee home while visiting: and she remained
there till her death. She waa a native of
Tennessee, but came to California forty
five year 3 ago and for the last thirty
years she has lived In Oakland. Sh«» was
the mother of Mrs. John It. Gliwcck anil
Misses Lou. Bessie and Ella Wall, all of
whom reside in Oakland.
The funeral will be held Sunday after
noon from the residence of John It. Glas
cock, at 523 Jackson street.
TEMPORARY LULL IN
KENTUCKY DISPUTE
Injunction Suits Will Probably Be
Consolidated and Heard in
One Court.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Feb. 16.— The agree
ment entered into at Georgetown to-day,
by which the Taylor and Beckham injunc
tion suits were postponed until February
22. is to operate as a truce in the legal
battle over the .State offices, and it is not
probable that there will be any decisive
changes In the situation until then unles.*
the return of the Democratic Legislature
hero next week adds some unexpected
feature.
A part of the attorneys on both sides
held a meeting this afternon and discussed
several plans for consolidating the vari
ous injunction cases, in order to avoid a
clash between the different State courts
in which they are pending; but a llnal
understanding was not reached. A propo
sition, which is said to have met with fa
vor, Is that all of the cases be consolidat
ed and be submited to a Judge of one of
the neighboring Circuit Court districts,
excluding both the Jefferson County and
Franklin County courts.
BILL POSTERS LOSE.
High. Fences Must Come Down in
San Jose.
Special Dlsrateh to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 16.— The city ordinance
limiting the height of bill boards' to ten
feet was sustained by Judge Rhodes of
the Superior Court to-day. This decision
was made on a demurrer of the City At
torney to an injunction asked by Slebe &
Green, San Francisco bill posters, to en-
Join the Chief of Police and City Council
from removing their bill boards.
A few months ago Siebe & Green in
vaded San Jose and began to erect high
signboards on all the streets of the city.
The local bill posters objected to outside
competition and had the Council pass an
ordinance limiting all signboards to ten
feet and at the same time to raise the
license for outside bill posters. Slebe &,
Green's billboards were over twenty feet
high, and the firm at once carried the
matter into court to test the ordinance.
Judge Rhodes to-day decided that the
height of the billboards is a police regula
tion and dissolved the temporary Injunc
tion granted in the case. Unless an appeal
Is tnken to the Supreme Court these sign
boards must now come down.
BURGLARS SENTENCED.
Two Men Who Were Implicated in
Fifty Robberies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 16. — James Bassett
and Howard Holland, two burglars, who
created a reign of terror for a couple of
weeks this winter, were to-day sent to
San Quentin by Judge Lorlgan. Holland
received eight years and Bassett seven
years. These two participated In nearly
fifty burglaries, but it was impossible to
secure evidence to convict. They finally
pleaded guilty to looting the Wheeler
residence, near Santa Clara. Much of the
plunder taken in their many raids was
found wher,e it had been cached. Both
are ex-convicts.
Ralph Soto, an accomplice, will be sent
to the Whlttier Reform School until he
becomes of age, as he is only 18 years
old.
Williams Is Missing.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 16. — Delbert E. Will
iams, employed on the Evening Herald,
is being sought by Sheriff Langford on
a warrant of arrest issued by Judge Hy
land. The order grows out of the divorce
matter pending between Williams and
his wife and his refusal to pay alimony.
In December, IS9S, M. Lydia Williams se
cured a divorce from her husband on tha
ground of desertion. She was awarded
$10 per month alimony and $69 attorney
fees and costs. - Williams refused to pay
alimony and there is now $209 due hia
wif*. A few days ago Williams was
given until this morning to pay $100, but
he has fled to Nevada, where he is eaie
from arrest on an order of this kind.
Nominations at Marysville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Feb. 16.— The Democrats
in city convention to-night named the fol
lowing ticket for the municipal election to
be held March 19: Mayor, C. S. Brooks;
Assessor. F. E. Smith: City Marshal. J.
A. Maben: Treasurer, W. C. Swain. Coun
cilmen — First Ward, R. F. Russeil; Second
Ward, John W. Steward; Third Ward. Q.
W. Hamerly; Fourth Ward, John Peffer.
School Commissioners— Dr. D. Powell, J.
E. Borman, H. B. P. Carden. I^evee Com
missioners—W. T. Ellis Sr.. WV T. Ellis
Jr. and W. H. Parks.
O'Doul Arrested.
SEATTLE. Feb. 16.— August o*Doul t
wanted in San Francisco for the murder
of a bartender, alleged to have been com
mitted on New Year's day, was arrested
in this city to-day, but subsequently re
leased on instructions from Chief Sulli
van of San Francisco, who stated that
there was Insufficient evidence against the
accused to , warrant his extradition.
O'Doul and -two companions are said to
have caused the death of a French saloon
keeper In a barroom fight.
Field, one of the proprietors of the Hay
wards Lumber Company, died from in
flammation of the brain to-day. He w;i3
stricken on Sunday and has been uncon
scious ever since. Deceased was born in
I^ondon and leaves a widow and three
daughters.
PAULOVICH'S WIFF AND
CHILDREN DISAPPEARED
ALAMEDA, Feb. 16. — When Stephen
Paulovich. a night watchman on the ferry
Fteamer Bay City, came home from his
work this morning he found his home at
ISIS Linden street deserted. Mrs. Paulo-
Vlcfa and h«r two children, aped 4 and 2
vf-ari!, had fU-d. Everything of any value
in the house had also disappeared.
This is not the first time Mrs. Paulo
vich has left her husband, as ehe ran
away from him on another occasion, and
so he is not losing much sleep over "her
departure. She has Tiled a suit against
hf»r husband for divorce on the ground of
cruelty. The Paulovichs did not set
along well together and quarrelß were
frequent. There will be a light over the
possession of the children.
PASSENGERS
MADE SEASICK
ON STREETCARS
Dr. C. H. Lubbock's
Investigations.
COUNCIL CLEARS
THE COURSE FOR
MUCH BUSINESS
Action Decided Upon
Many Matters.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— President Watkln
son of the Contra Costa "Water Company
had to go to Berkeley this evening and
was not present at the meeting of the
committee of the whole of the Oakland
City Council. For that reason the water
rate question was not discussed, but the
Council went into executive session and
there a long list of public questions were
discussed and action decided upon, but all
behind closed doors.
There was gome little discussion of
plans for the water rate discussion and it
was decided to ask the Water Committee
of the Council to report a rate ordinance
upon which the committee of the whole
could work. This ordinance is to be pre
sented by next Friday night, when the
committee of the whole will meet once
more to question Mr. Watkinson.
It was decided that an election for free
holders to frame a new charter was advis
able, but that it could not be held during
the present fiscal year owing to the lack
of funds. The necessary preliminary or
dinances will be adopted shortly, so that
the freeholders' election can proceed at
once after the new fiscal year opens.
The matter of granting liquor licenses
will be placed In the hands of the Police
and Fire Commissioners. It was decided
to pass the necessary ordinances to that
effect.
The application of the ladles of the Oak
land Club to have a matron appointed for
the City Prison will be referred to the
Police and Fire Commissioners for a rec
ommendation.
Captain Roberts, who owns the wells
which have been offered to the city, made
a proposition to the Council that he would
sink a well 200 feet deep at his own ex
pense if the city would test it. This mat
ter was referred to the Board of Public
Works for a recommendation as to the
course to be pursued.
Councilman Taylor brought up the mat
ter of surveys of Lake Meriitt, and It was
decided to ask City Engineer Clement to
furnish the' surveys, which he made a
year ag-o, to the new commission that is
to survey the lake.
It was asserted that there were many
pieces of work ordered by the city which
the City Engineer had not completed, but
upon which ! he had drawn some money.
Mr. Clement will be asked on Monday to
make an exp'a nation of this work. " ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
NEWS of the Bay Cities Alameda OAKLAND Berkeley
BROWN THINKS
MANY WIVES
PURSUE HIM
Strange Malady of an
Oakland Man.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Feb. 16.
That a multitude of wives is pursuing
him is the strange hallucination of K.
W. Brown, a laborer, who was arrested
i his morning in East Oakland and taken
to the Receiving Hospital for examina
tion as to his sanity. When arrested
Brown said his given name was Manuel,
but later admitted that he had assumed
the name to prevent his wives following
him to prison.
"'The reason they pursue me so relent
lessly," said he. "is that they think I
have money. This is a mistake, and I
liave told them all so. but still they pur
sue m*. I have gone from place to place
in an effort to avoid them, and once I
took a sea voyage, but it Is all useless.
I would willingly go to an a?ylum if I
thought I could avoid them in that way.
Brown is 2S years old and says his home
ie in Boston, Mass. He cays he was
married there to a Miss Tillie McCar
thy. He will be examined by a lunacy
commission composed of Drs. Child and
Dodge.
Mrs. Matilda P. Oleon of Lorln, a come
ly woman of 27 years, was recommended
for commitment to an asylum this
morning; by Dr. J. P. Dunn and J. J. Me
droa. The woman ha* Jui«t recovered
from an attack of typhoid fever, which
Wt h*r mind unbalanced. She Imagines
that her neighbors are trying to murder
her two little children, and at times she
becomes violent.
' _ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
Wo. 2. ML L Sa Tb No. 2.
I have plTea personal inspection to the working- of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
must iay that it entirelj meets with tnj professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Colleffe. .
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how \ovg standing. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarred Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients hare been for years forced to nse
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Ira potency that can be cored, and permanently restore yonthful yiror and
Tltality. It i« no stimulant. Its effects are permanent aod lasting. Will care any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will care any case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerons Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cored many cases of Paralysis. X*>comotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has en red thousands of suff-
erers. It is prescribed by leading physicians all over the conntry. It is pleasant to take and
FKlii E531 f?s£l absolutely safe. It never increases or diruinishe* the action of the
Qk2# v£m %tm heart. If you are suffering- from any chronic disease you are nrifej to
EPS Bt^ write to us, no matter how many doctors or kind* of medicine* voa
M I Eaag fag haTO trie <* without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU
;-".T/ That yon may judg-e of the -ralne of the Great Specific for yonrself".
we will send yon one large case by mail FREE, only asking that
whsn «u red yourself yon will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to onr medical
department, giving- symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for to.
Addreta M. I. S. T. Co., Tolfdo, 0.
rymrsinrsvTnnrsis n-tracnrairs strsinnnrs a"a~a"a"a"a Tra~o'o~a"B tpj
g the man GEORGE THE MAN £
I WASHINGTON $ j
E The Story o! the Men Who Went to Die 3
5 for Their Conntry and Returned 3
E as Military Prisoners. 3
g 3
| A SAN FRANCISCAN'S VISIT TO THE i
g SULTAN OF JOHORE. 3
I OUR GOLP GIRLS. |
to -- -¦'¦-.- ¦ o<
° • 2
o «
|o A Graodaiece of Martha A Tunnel to Connect San «
c Washington a Cali* Francisco and Oak- 3
E fornian. land. . %
| THE STORY OF THE KENTUCKY P0- »!
£ LITICAL FEUD.V 3
to o<
o . et
i Dow Some of Onr Prominent Citizens Would i|
i Look on the Stage. i
I T.HE BEJWTY, iHJIRCIJI VM DRESSER. |
S DISSECTED. «
GuUULgJUUULPJULft.PJLgJUUIgJ
I In Next Sunday's Call. I
I . FEBRUARY 18, 1900. ej
{^2 jjmJLSLP OOPQgQQQQg-fr-g.OQgQQggfIQg£fIPPPgQftQQP9QgP 9_OJJSJj s3
A Juvenile Theater Party.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— The cash boys
and girls of Salinger Brothers' dry goods
store were the guests at a theater party
at the Macdonough Theater last evening
The affair was given In celebration of St.
Valentine's day.
Assaulted With a Beefsteak.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— Justice of the
Peace Quinn to-day found . Constable
Jerry Quinlan not guilty of battery. Re
cently Quinlan was assaulted by Harry
Baker of San Lorenzo, who used a large
beefsteak as a weapon. As the steak was
wrapped in a paper Quinlan used his club
with telling effect upon Baker's head
Subsequently the Constable was arrested
for battery.
HAYWARDS CLUB
OFFERS OPINING
ENTERTAINMENT
J. V. Haley Is Elected
President.
HAYWARDS, Feb. 16. — The Young
Men's Social Club of this place
gave its opening entertainment
and dance this evening, which
proved both a social and financial suc
cess. The club was organized January
29, the following officers being then chosen
for a term of six months: President, J.
V. Haley; vice-president. Charles Plmen
tel; secretary, O. R. Morgan; financial
secretary. J. B. Prowse; treasurer, Ed
mund Haas; directors — T. B. Jackson. Dr.
F. M. Browning, George A. Oakes, Rev.
L. J. Garver and Peter J. Crosby.
The club has leased tho Haywards
Opera House for a club room and will
fit it up with card tables, billiard table,
bowling alley and other means of amuse
ment. Classes will be formed for dumb
bell and Indian club exercises. ._•
The ladies of the community have man
ifested such an Interest in the club that
a ladies" annex is now proposed and ar
rangements for the same will doubtless
be perfected at a meeting of the club to
be held Tuesday evening, February 20.
New Corporations.
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— Articles of In
corporation of the Monroe Greenwood
Estate Company have been filed. The en
tire capital stock of $100,000 has actually
been subscribed. The subscribers and
directors are as follows: Myra A. Green
wood, $50,000; Frank M., Jennie 8.,
George D. and Fred A. Greenwood each
$12,500.
The James Johnson Company waa in
corporated to carry on a shipping busi
ness. The capital stock is $120,000, of
which 5119,600 has been subscribed by
Mrs. Katherlna Johnson.
Adelphians Join Federation.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 16. — The Adelphlan
Club held a special meeting yesterday,
during which it waa unanimously decided
to Join the federation of woman's clubs
of California. Addresses on the subject
were made by Mrs. Clarence Smith, who
represented the Adelphians at the re
cent convention of women's clubs at Los
Angeles, and Mrs. Louis Weinman, dele
pate of Laurel Hill Club of San Fran
cisco. Mrs. Weinman read from the ad
dress of welcome to the delegates by Mrs.
Robert Burdette, president of the federa
tion. The Adelphian Club will be enrolled
as charter members of the California
Federation.
NAIL WORKS WILL
SHORTLY REOPEN
OAKLAND, Feb. 16.— The Pacific Iron
and Nail Company will reopen its plant
at the foot of Market street. An assess
ment of $2 a share has been levied upon
the stock for this purpose. The company
has a complete nail plant, which has been
idle for some time. Mr. Sadler of Mau
Sadler & Co. of San Francisco is the presi
dent and his partner, F. W. Sadler, is the
secretary. The plant will give employ
ment to fifty men. < ..
Alkus of San Francisco has been post
poned indefinitely on account of death in
the family of one of the young couple.
CANCERS DISAPPEAR
BEFORE THE X-RAY
Dr. N. H. Chamberlain Working on
Three Aggravated Cases of the
ATTection.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 16. •
THAT the X-ray treatment prescribed
and administered by Dr. Is*. H.
Chamberlain to Dr. J. M. Selfridge.
founder of the Fabiola Hospital, for
the removal and eradication of a cancer
ous affection on the face has been effica
cious there can be no doubt. The process
employed and the results achieved will
be the means of starting a new mode of
medical treatment for cancer which will
probably revolutionize all former meth
ods.
Dr. Chamberlain Is now attending to
throe distinct cases of cancer, for all of
which he has prescribed the X-ray treat
ment. The case of Dr. Selfridge is the
only one up to date in which what ap
pears a complete cure has been effected.
The diseased portion of his face was sub
jected to the strong light of the X ray on
October 12 for the first time. For nine
days the application waa administered
daily; then three times a week till the
present time. No pain attends the pro
cess, nor is it fraught with any danger.
All that remains as a mark of the can
cerous growth is the scar and the thin,
delicate covering of Bkln.
Dr. Chamberlain's second case is that of
John Webster, a well known resident of
Haywards. Webster has been afflicted
for teh years with a cancer thaf covers
the right temple and right eyelid, and at
the time of the first X-ray application
was eating its way into his nose. He has
been under treatment for a month, and
the same improvement noted in the Sel-
fridge case has shown Itself In Webster's
case.
The third case is that of Angus McKln
non of Stockton. Hearing of the wonder
ful success of the treatment prescribed
for Dr. Selfridge he sought the same
treatment from Dr. Chamberlain and is
now one of his patients.
McKinnon's case is the most aggravated
and Fevere of them all. His mouth was
swollen beyond all form and natural
shupe — a large growing ulcer. According
to Dr. Chamberlain, one week of treat
ment has reduced all the swelling, de
stroyed the odor of the ulcer and given
evidences of as complete a recovery as
was experienced in Dr. Selfridge's case.
Dr. Chamberlain is of the opinion that
this caee will be the crucial test of the
process as a curative for cancers.
The most marvelous feature of this new
treatment is the manner In which the dis
ease is removed. The process is the re
verse of cauterization. Under the repeat
ed application of the X-ray the disease
seems to pass out of. the tissue, leaving it
healthy and sound. There is no cutting,
no actual destruction of flesh. It is like
the evanescence of the disease Itself— a
kind of absorption by the X-rays. In all
other processes for the removal of cancer
there is a destruction of the tissue and a
consequent limitation upon similar treat
ment. According to Dr. Chamberlain,
there is no limit to the X-ray process.
There being no pain and no injury to
other parts of the body, there is neces
sarily no limitation to the application,
even though the cancer should reappear
at some subsequent time.
Dr. Chamberlain is firm in the belief
that he has hit upon a wonderful dis
covery and that he has effected by means
of the use of the X-ray a permanent cure
In the cancer case of Dr. Selfridge.
YOUNG LADIES WILL
PLAY BASKET-BALL
ALAMEDA, Feb. 16. — The High School
team and the Cardinals of the San Fran
cisco Y. W. C. A. will play a match game
of basket-ball to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock at the High School grounds. Both
teams have been practicing hard for the
game and an exciting contest Is antici
pated. Seats have been arranged to ac
commodate several hundred spectators.
The makeup of the High School team
Is as follows: Touch center, L. Ray Ja
cobs; right center and captain, Vida Mc-
Lwn; left center, Clara Houston* guard,
Ruth Hobard; right guard, Dorothy
Bowen; left guard, Daisy Agar; coalman,
Kathleen Lenihan; right goalman, Eva
Roesch; left goalman, Irma Snelder. Miss
Zona Leonard is the manager.
The referee will be Miss Farno, U. C;
the Bcorer. Miss Stone, U. C, and the
timekeeper. Miss McGovan, Alameda.
WARD WILL
NOT FIGHT THE
DIVORCE SUIT
Alameda Society Is
Shocked.
A LAM EDA, Feb. 16. — Alan Ward will
not flffht the suit for divorce Mrs. Dicka
Cool Ward has brought against him. He
says he will allow the action brought
against him to go by default, although he
has filed, through his attorney, a general
denial of the specifications contained in
the complaint.
Mrs. Ward demands $60 a month ali
mony. This amount young Ward is well
able to pay, as he holds a lucrative posi
tion in San Krancisco. and his father is
a wealthy mining man.
••Anything I shall nay about the di
vorce," said Mr. Ward to-day, "would
only make matters worse. The public
is in possession of the main facts and
that ought to be sufllclent. I can only say
that we were both focls. If Mrs. Ward
thinks she is doing the right thing by
making allegations of faithlessness I am
perfectly willing to let her think so. I
intend to let the suit go by default and
I suppose I'll have to pay the $G0 a
month."
The publication of the divorce suit has
caused considerable gossip in local so
ciety, of which young Ward is a popular
member. He has always been prominent
at society functions and especially as a
leader at the Tuesday night cotillons.
Nature's Remedy for :
Constipation |;
Hanyadi Jaiaos
: THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER, : !
! Insist on Raving the Genuine. :
9
PRESIDENT J. V. HALEY.BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy, 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Man about 25 years old; must un-
derstand gardening: call at Mt Olivet Ceme-
tery. Colma. CHAS. CROCKFORD.
WANTED— Experienced man for liquor store;
must come well recommended. Address W.
N.. box 3562, Call. /
5 CHAIR caners wanted, male or female, on
piece work. 1629 Mission st.
CARPENTER work ln the country wanted by a
steady. Industrious man; low wages. Box
33C4. Call. v
PARIS Exposition — Frenchman acquainted
with Paris and European languages would
accompany party as handy man; wages no ob-
ject; city references. BONOMY, 1654 Mission.
SITUATION wanted as first-class cutter and
designer on ladles' cloaks and suits. Addre.su
box 2700. Call office.
COMPETENT man wishes situation; a good
baker, also fine cook; in Italian or French
restaurant; city or country. Address box
3519. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS Scandinavian gardener; under-
Ftands care of horses, buggies, cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers: ln private family; very
useful and willing; references; dty'or coun-
try. Box 2581. Call office.
REFINED Japanese schoolboy wonts a situa-
tion in a noble family. 1010 Pine st, Japanese
Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlona has been established at 1099 Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »ts.; open until > p. m. ? :
50 TEAMSTERS, scraper holders, loaders and
dumpmen for the Coast Railroad, Santa Bar-
bara County: free fare; call to-day; ship to-
morrow. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at
DRS, GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; rafe and reliable cure ln one
day; 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
maternity home: low fees. 1007,4 Market st.
DR. G. W,, O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' ' Specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed ln 8. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023H Market st
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any aliment; consultation free. 843
Post st., between Hyde and Larkln..
DR. and MRS. KOHL, specialists— Guaranteed
treatment at office, $5: safe and reliable; con-
. nultatlon free. 1122 Market St., bet Mason
and Taylor: hours 9 to 5. 1 *« •
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
488 GEARY— First-claes dressmaker. direct
from Boston, would like engagements; best of
references.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School
French tailoring system taught 305 Van Ness,
PARISIAN dressmaking. 287 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School— Leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing.plnklng. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Mo.Tat
FOUND— A brown hunting dog with white on
breast; have same by paying expenses. 13S
Eighth st
LOST— SS reward; Wednesday morning, white
spitz dog; answers to Tobey. 435 Dupont st
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln the
name of ROBERT HEASMAN. No. 155-376.
Thfi finder will please return to hank.
FOUND— St. Bernard bitch; brown and white.
Apply at 42 Thirteenth st
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms; yard. Key 623
Fecond st, near mall dock.
$6— NEW house 4 rooms: water free: ln the hills
among the grass. 64 Silver st, oft Third.
6-ROOM ccttage; 23>4 Morris aye.. bet. Harri-
son and Bryant, nr. Cth: key next door, N0.23.
HOTEL; central Alameda County; large lot;
hotel H rooms and bar; also cottage, stable,
etc.; bouFe furnished; only hotel In town: at
railroad depot £3 miles from this city: price
&X 00: eaisy terms. 11. H. CRANE, COB Cali-
fornia et.
STORE and residence property with lance lot
in town Alameda County; only $1000- a bar-
ca.ln. H. H. CRANE. MS California, st
12-ROOM ho»jF»; a enap JBOO
SO-room house; a bargain $1000
A rAsar store; fine location „ tWX)
A harber shop and c.gar store $550
A branch bakery; rare hargatn 1150
A grocery and bar: a snep $500
Fine bakery Sn good location tiooo
MITCHELL & ADAMS. S0« Market'st.
$25CO— BLACKSMITH shop; prosperous country
lo«T.: 7 lots: buildings and private dwelling
included : part cash If desired. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777H Market Et "*aui**i
$275— BRANCH bakery, milk, candy, delicacies
etc.; livlr.g -rooms: cheap rent; rood loca-
o: a bargain. JONES & CO.. SCJ Market
A— HOME kitchen and delicacies; downtown-
clears $::.1 per mor.th; for cost of fixtures. PA-
CIFIC STATES-REALTY CO.. 220 Parrott big.
HOME-MADE randy store: great sacrifice this
COWING & CO.. IISO Market st.
FOR sale — Downtown saloon. Apply to Me-
LECI> & HATJE. El 5 Market st.
WANTED— To clspose of State richt of Aus-
tralian Vegetable Compound: excellent oppor-
tunity to richt party. MISS DWYER. Sl7
Market «t. room J.
PARTNER ln show business; no experience
must have $150. PROF. J. C. FELTON. 4?
Minna et.
I) ™t ai sth rt £Js?t n m"' CUr ? b , al s, ln - A-DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
IT* r!,-^! central drug Market st. over Cafe Zi'.nkand-Teeth extract-
*>ore. box ¦>-«. can. wlthout paln by UEe ot electricity, gas or
OLD established restaurant fcr sale; either chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
half Interest or as a whole. Address box 2706 to l ? e & umll: » h e best and most artistic dental
Call o'lee Oakland work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
- • a *'»" a - {rom jj up; other fIIUnKS trcm £Oc . badly d#-
FI'RXISHED dining-room wanted by responsi- rayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
ble party in hotel; rer. Box 85C0. Call. crowned without pain:, plates that Jit from
¦ ¦ — — — $4 to up; open evenings and Sundays.
fC3O— PARTNER In rood paying ealoon: .will V T ; : r r
take part cash; Investigate. 79 Third «t A , F ,V LL 6et of ttnh on a ™*>*> er Plate. $5; a
. full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
$125— PARTNER in a good paying business; without a plate; crown and bridge work our
chance for a steady man. Call 79 Third «t specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
¦ and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
BARGAIN fcr buying or selling saloons or any years; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 CO; all work
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers' painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
Jouracl, E29% California at. room L ton. 24 Sixth et.
TO THE MINES BOSS HERE
35 coal miners, free fare $3 and $3 50 day
2 coal buckcrs $60
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
.TOOLS AND PROVISIONS ADVANCED...
$2 50, $2. $1. 70c cord. 12c, Ho each. 2V-C each.
$4 50 per 1000; woodchoppers, tlemakers. Rhln-
Kle box boltmakers, picket and post makers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
9 COOKS, $50 $45. $35. $30 and found..
9 waiters. $30, $25, $20 and found.
5 dishwashers, city Jobs, $20, $15 and found...
Younc men for butcher and other stores and
Washer for laundry. MURRAY & READY,
624-636 Clay st.
WHEELWRIGHT near city. $40 to $45 and
found: carriage maker, $2 SO day; 3 black-
smiths for ranches, etc. : also 2 helpers. MUa-
RAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st
LOST— Overcoat, black, gray tinge, at Corinth-
ian Yacht Club entertainment; reward. J. C.
BRICKELL. 603 California st
COLLECTION OFFICES
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 327 Market st.
LOST— Bar pin. eet with pearl at each end, dia-
mond ln center. Return 601 Stockton st, cor.
Pine, nnd receive reward.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG Italian, expert ln agriculture, particu-
larly olive and grape plantation, experi-
enced olive oil maker, graduated from the
Agricultural Institute of Florence, Italy, de-
sires position anywhere; good reference. Q.
CECCANTI, 1018 A Montgomery st.
COACHMAN— Young man; neat and reliable
driver: thoroughly cares for horses, harness,
carriages; Al horseman; references, best city
and San Mateo families. Address J. J., .box
SsoB, Call.
YOUNG>. able-bodied married ¦ man -wishes
charge of a ranch; also a good teamster and
stableman; good references. CHARLES
JOHNSON. 44 Tehama St.
SITUATION wanted by. middle-aged man as
drummer or collector: Is very well acquainted
in city; can give good security; best city ref-
erences. Box 3563, Call.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy lif* reader; readings. 25c.
MRS. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting. 7:30
p. m., 10c. 22J0 22d, bet. Mission and Valencia.
TESTS to-night, loc: sitting dally. 25c, EOc: card
reading free. Arnold Si Dicksen. 148 Sixth, r.l.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: circle Tues., Frt., 2
p. m. ; Mon., 8; 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia.
MME. 'MOKKAU. th» best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth sr_, near Mission.
I EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer,
j 230 Ellis st. ; circle Bun. and Wed. evenings.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tlcgs daily. 212% Sixth ct
MME. RAVENJCA reads life fluently; business
advice; names .elven; 2Ec up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th- Weekly Call.
I 16 pages. In wrapc»r. for mailing. $1 p»r year.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Feb. 16. about 5 pi m., lady's gold watch:
gold key and chain attached; also small open-
faced silver watch, near or at cor. of Leaven-
worth and Bush. Finder return to 2100 Bush
st or 306 Sansome and receive liberal reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln the
name of ANNA M. RONAN. No. 228-150. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Yorkshire terrier: 2 years old; answers
to Dandy. $5 reward on return to .315 Cherry
st; phone Pine 76.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6S4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY. 7 A. M
2 laborers, San Mateo County.... s26 and found
6 laborers and teamsters, city Jobs
$30, $26 and found
2 foremen for a mine $42 and found
26 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
$30, $26, $20 and found
6 milkers and butter-makers
$35, $30, $23 and found
4 choremen and boys $20, $15, $10 and found
Farmer and wife; road teamster, fare 23c: 3
men for private residences $20 and found
Handy man with tools for a ranch ln Contra
Costa County: 6 pruners, orchards and vine-
yards $26 and found
German or Swedish farmer. MURRAY &
READY, 634-C6 Clay et.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent— House eight rooms, bath; part fur-
nished; convenient to trains; low rent In-
quire 313 Fourteenth st, Oakland.
2-STORY building or a large spacious store
and basement: suitable for any business: 1427
Park st. Inquire Alameda Land Co., Park
st. and Santa Clara aye.
A— IISGO; SALOON; choice location on Kearny
et.; splendid business effer. Call R. G.
WILKE. room 8. 306 Market et
A— $1100: BAKERY on Polk St.; baking 1«^
barrel?; all store trade; dally receipts above
?25: rer.t $2S. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market
¦A-I3CC; FRUIT store, with living rooms, on
Polk et. ; splendid paying business and pood
ttock on hand. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A EALOON on water front, with 4 years' lease;
fine fixture*; large stock; rushing business;
no better location on £a*.t et. : splendid
chsr.ee. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market bt.
$CUO-BAKERY; best part of Western Addition;
< living-rooms; horses; wagons: owner owns
bldg; will give lease. M. LESS. 765 Market
$510 — CORNER saloon doing good business:
near Market et. : full Investigation Invited; a
b&rcairi If sold at once. M. LK.SS. 765 Market.
$Uo— BRANCH bakery and candy store; best
part of Mission; 1 living-rooms; cheap rent;
must be sold at ence. M. LESS, 765 Market
COLUMBIA REALTY CO..
Successors to Bohottler Sc Co..
Room £3. Columbian building.
Farms from $75 to $70,000; lodging house? from
r:\-~- to $5500; t>uslnef>s chances from $200 to
$75,000; partners wanted in all kinds of busi-
ness from $300 to S2.'0 i >. paying from $300 to
$4000 per year to each; we have cash buyers
for several proportions not on our books; list
your property with us; square dealing, quick
«ales. emaJl percentage, our motto; two of-
fices to let, $5 each.
COLUMBIA REALTY CO..
Successors to Schottler & Co..
Room 53, Columbian building.
Renowned clairvoyant; private sittings; mar-
velous results; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. 218 Eddy.
MME. HANSON— Palmistry. 10c: card reader;
past present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth, room 12.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
St., 10 a. in. to 10 p. m.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer daily.
$225— LODGING-HOUSE, 12 rooms, for sale;
bargain. 130 Second St.: no agents.
WANTED— A good centrally located rooming-
house; 25 to 40 rooms. Address S., box 12,
Call office.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
JUST arrived— Hubbell and Milligan, spiritual
elatewrlters and mediums: table moving. 9G3
Mission Ft., parlors 7 and 8: hours 10 a. m. to
9 p. m. ; circle even* evening, 8 p. m.. 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market; trance.
test business medium; life reader; also medi-
cal clairvoyant; stamp forclrcular; sittings $1.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice in difficult matters.
S Hayen st.. room 7. second floor.
ROOMING houses all siies, prices and loca-
tion* and business chances of all kinds ln the
city and throughout the country: cheap. Pa-
cific States Realty Co., 320 Parrott bldg.
10 ROOMS, very cheap, low rent, clears 535; 54
rooms. $2500. clears $300 a month. M. GRIF-
FIN. 719 Market st.. nr. Call bldg.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer;
references; wages no object. E. D., box 3061,
Call.
GERMAN woman, first-class cook, wishes sit-
uation; h»tel or boarding-house; city refer-
ences. 73 Jessie st.
EASTERN lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or to do sewing. 23 Eddy st., room 16.
GIRL wishes to do light housework or take
care of chlMren. 237 Lexington aye.
REFINED orphan girl wishes position as com-
panion to lady and assist with light work;
. no children; small compensation; city or
country.
WOMAN wishes any kind of nursing; good ln
eonflr.pment; best of references by physicians.
Call at IOgH Fell st.
GERMAN midwife wishes some more engage-
ments "by ladles in confinement MRS. WOL-
TKR. 132 Sixth St.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
A FEW OF DECKER'S BARGAINS. ~~
62 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 $ISOO
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $125....: 900
11-room house on Bush st 400
7-room house: only 150
. 83 rooms; rent $40 1300
24 rooms; easy payments 800
6-room flat; new 350
32 rooms; corner: only 1200
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st 323
10 rooms; on Taylor st. ; worth $SOO 450
82 rooms: corner; clears $150.... 1600
30-room flat: clears $150 6CO
Corner on Market: clears $400; 104 rooms.. 4800
Near Call office; worth $2000: 29 rooms 1200
Mod. house; elev.: clears $500; 84 r00m5.... 6500
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
JCOO— IS rooms, Ellis. $3300— Corner near Or-
slBoo—37 rooms, near pheum.
Ttvoll. $1250—24 rooms, north
$5500— Sutter, 60 rooms. side.
$SO0 — Geary, 12 rooms.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
WANTED— By reliable woman, to do general
housework, plain cooking; one who would care
for children or Invalid lady; small washing;
reference, no j>oetals. 2107 Powell st. store.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
washing, ironing or housecleanlng. Please
call 1036 Potrero aye., near Twenty-third 6t.
ATTENTION!
Removed! Removed!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Has removed her olflces to her residence. 1061
Seventh avenue. East Oakland. Cal.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to t*e Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cure 3 which
the has made are the talk or the whole elope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
rar.ds have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always most successful and .»atlsfactor.y, and
all correspondence is kept sacredly connden-
Addre«s or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee. $1 and upward.
Diagnosis Free.
N. B-— MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland.
Take the broad-pauge ferry and get off at
Clinton station. 2d Etation from Broadway.
SPIRITUALISM.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36% Fremont st. : elevator.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, $25, must
have references; cook, $30; housegirl, $25.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Situation as working housekeeper,
by capable, refined, middle-aged American
lndy, for elderly couple; city or country; ref-
erence. Address or call room 12S, Golden West
Hotel. Ellis st.
A TRUSTWORTHY and domestic woman, ne-
cessitated by reverses to seek a position; is a
German, middla-aged : good housekeeper and
cook; cltv or country- Address S. A., box
f.. c ,O. Call office.
LAS PALMAS. IE2O Msrket st.— Suite of 2 or I
nr.* : private; bath: i=ln. rms.: board optional.
VAN NESS, 544 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board; reasonable; modern conveniences.
WANTED— Head waitress. $23; ' 6 hotel wait-
resses, $20, city and country; chambermaids
and waitresses, $20, country and city; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, $5 and $6; lunch and din-
ner waitress, $20; 4 second girls, $20 and $25,
city and country; 2 nurse girls, $20; 2 cooks,
plain wash. American families. $25; B cocks,
German style, $25, $30; restaurant cook. $7 a
week; Scandinavian or German cook, $35, no
wash: 75 girls for housawork and cooking,
$20. $25. $30, city and country. J. F. CROS-
ETT CO., 816 Sutter st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 p. m.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN ycu become dirgusted with pocr work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing ¦VVcTks^s3-Ss7Tehama_£tjJel : _S : _4o : __
CITY Pteam Carpet Beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tei. South 225: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; l«ld at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eichth St.; tel. Jessie 544.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best ln city. 406 McAllister.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
GT'HRRERO. 114 — Punr.y furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let with board.
•BELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Bun-
ny eultes: be*t board: 2. $50 up: Eingle. $22 50.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A JAPANESE and Chinese employment office.
No. JO Geary st. established over 5 years, re-
moved to 421 Post St.. near Powell. -CEO.
AOKI. 421 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.: tel. East 425.
EW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wk ft: driving horses. Jsth and Valencia.
80 GIRLS, housework and cooking, city and
country, 110. $25; nurseglrl. $10. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & EON. 2117 Mission et
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by malt;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgy.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGON'S.
TO close estate the stock of 200 new and sec-
ond-hand wagonß, buggy, carts and over 150
sets of harness will be sold at half cost as
the business must be closed. 1140 Folsom st.
near Eighth.
BOARD AXD HOOMS.
ICEW family hotel; first -clcss ln all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. SO" California st. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
PRIVATE family has an elegantly furnished
flat; Tcill rent eur.ny front room with board to
couple; central. Address box 5551. Call.
EUPH. li:4— Elegant rooms and board, $30 up;
reception room; grounds; no children.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL, DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, city, $20; S ¦waitresses, country.
$20; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 chamber-
maids, $17 50; 2 fancy lroners, $30; cook for 39
men. $35, see party here; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, $8.
FAMILY ORDERS
Annie Durham — Please call; Important C
R. HANEEN & CO.. 104- Geary st.
HARPER & BROTHERS' subscription works
have never been pushed here; splendid oppor-
tunity for good solicitors; entire line. J. N.
ODELL. 206 Kearny st.
LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
CIVIL service coaching; day, evening. San
Francisco Business College. 3236 Market st
AGENTS ln each county ca coast: permanent
work and territory: article a seller. HER-
RICK. 1417 Brush st. Oakland.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia et.
BOOKKEEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth: rapid
calculation. Tarr, exp. account.. Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full courw
this year got positions. SAX FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market »t.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining,
mech.. survey, assay, archl.: day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. Rrammar, writing:,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ESPINA, Penman: business wrltlnc a spe-
cialty; English. Spanl»h. 837 Phelan bldg.
A BETTER proposition— Only authorized life of
Moody by his son; most liberal terms; send
2Cc for handsome outfit, showing styles of
binding and over 40 illustrations. R. R. PAT-
TERSON, publishers' agent, 429 Montgomery.
WANTED— Colle<>^3 and solicitors; cash ad-
vances made to Tne right parties; call between
8 and 9 o'clock mornings, Thursday evening
between 7:30 and 9 o'clock. 800 Post at, cor-
ner Stockton.
FOR sale— Restaurant and bar; 20 steady board-
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St., between Ist and 2d Ets.
YOUNG men and sailors for deep sea and steam
whalers. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
TWO tailors wanted at 2820 Greenwich St.:
military work.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade ln 8 weeks:
day and evening classes; special Inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution ln the
world teaching the barber and hairdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco. New York,
St. Louis. Chicago. Minneapolis.
MOST liberal proposition will be made to cap-
able, successful subscription book salesmen.
Call upon or address Manager, 527 Market st,
room 622.
GOOD-PAYING corner saloon; 6 rooms; with or
without furniture: retiring. 115 Ninth st
A FIXE downtown route on Call; in business
. section. 1121 Filbert St.
WANTED — An engineer to run mine hoist;
must be competent, sober and careful; also
1 blacksmith; must be a good tool sharpener
and -reasonably quick; steady work. Call on
or address Montreal and Oregon Gold Mines,
Ltd., Ashland. Oregon.
A PARTY that con work a divining rod or
mineral rod. Address for particulars to A. 8.,
box 11. Lorin P. 0.. Cal.
$75— GROCERY and delicacy store; cheap at
1100; rent $12. 4ZS Sixth st
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENT for the marvelous "Non-generating"
gasoline lamp; newest light; sells on sight;
lights Instantly with, match; no more gener-
ating with alcohol torch, etc.; absolutely 100
candle power. Address Perfection Light Co.,
1002 First aye.. Seattle. Wash.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD*S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses ln bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new £0-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL ln physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; Buperb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
rait water and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A.,
Mason and Ellis sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend." ;• ' > v
SIIFPION Lodfre No. IC9. F. and A. M-— ¦
<a!l"J meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First <Je- Vlf
pree. C. D. BUNKER, Sec /V>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F. -^S^fy^
Officers and member* are request- 32#"7«S$Sf
*d to meet ln Prospert Hall. I. O.
O. F. building. SUNDAY. Febru-
*ry j*. 1?'-*. "t 12:30 p. m. to attend th«
funeral of our ."tote brother. ANTONE P.
WAOKER. FRED D. ASHWORTH. N. G.
ADOLPHUS EL GRAUPNER. Rec. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
proceee from A. B. Jacks ln the Badser Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas County,
to deposit tailings ln Whitlock ravine; from
Manuel Leal, in tlie Union mine, in New
York Township, Yuba County, to deposit
t Kilters en New York Flat: from Walter E.
Peterson, ln the Manila Placer mine, near
Ipo. Shasta County, to depceit tailings ln a
worked-out pit and from the Cherokee
Gravel and Gold Mining Company, ln the
Cherokee grcvel mine, near Carters. Tuo-
luaine County, to deposit tailings In Bear
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 6J. Flood building. Ban Tran-
oisro. Cal.. on March 5, 1900, at 1:39 p. m.
DOG "OSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post, FiUmore —
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: does boarded. Tel. West 63«.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAB. LEVY buys your furniture; carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red.- 3353.
WANTED— The furniture and carpets for 6 or
6 rooms. Box 2632. Call.
COAL oil route for sale cheap: parties going
away. Apply office Crystal Oil Co., 312 Capp
St.. near Eighteenth: phone White 12&8.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting. 10c per yard; 80x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-131! Stockton
•t. near Broadway: open evenings.
WANTED— Partner with $1000 to engage in fur-
niture business: • advertiser will invest $1000
and open new 6tore; something new on this
market. Address box 35X3, Call office.
GOOD business manager can clear $15 day;
small capital; full control. National Invent-
ors' and Mfgs.' Union. 218 Saneome St.
WANTED— Good bakery; if possible all store
trade; ln city or country; for cash; state par-
ticulars. Box 5523, Call office.
VAN VROOM— "PalnlessV; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
ISIFPION Lodse No. ICS, F. and A. M.— ¦
Officers and members are hereby no-
::::<>'. to attend the funrral of our de- JkK
ceased brother. DIXON L. LEE. from'V_»
the hall of this lodge TO-DAY (SATURDAY)
at 1:30 p. ra. By order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary
FOR rent— Large basement ealoon: fine loc.itlon
downtown: newly fitted up: electric lisa's:
low rent: furniture, fixtures and stock for $100.
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
FOR sale— Railroad saloon, with property,
stock end fixtures, for sale In Paso Rob.es.
For particulars address JOHN G. E.NOLU
Paso Robi»?«. Cal. •
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— 3 milkers, $25 and $30;~2~~mlners7
$2 CO day; boy for milk wagon. $15 and found;
farmer: blacksmith. $2 DO day; blacksmith
helper on carriage work, $2 25 day, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cook, country hotel, $35:
restaurant second cook. $45; waiters: colored
waiter, $20: dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
OEO. MAYERLE. German expert . optician.
1071% Market st: examination free: German
eyewater by mall, 50c. Phone. Mint .'257.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7 Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 BO up; of-
fice hours. 3 tv m. to 10 p. m. • Sundays, 9 to 2
p m G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years. -•
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
epecialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
GUARANTEED dentistry'; $1 week; we refer to
COCK) patients. Esmond Dental Parlors, 43 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. C IL CUMMINGS. 233 Valencia; dental
¦work reas.; painless extraction; hours 9 to 5.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MCSINKSS CHANCES— Continued.
ATTENTION/ SELLF.RS I ™~~
List whatever you have for sale
with me. I can sell for cash.
I will advertise It free for you.
I va,nt no exclusive contract
Have buyer waltlrg with cash.
I sell cltv and country real es-
tate and business pieces.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. C 62 Mission Bt., between Ist and 2d its.
REAL mink collar; on Market, Post or Kearny:
from 2 to 6p. m. Return 113 Bush et. ; liberal
reward.
LOST — Package of human hair; liberal reward.
M. DUVAU 112 Eddy st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 ntght; $1 60 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1086 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
BUbscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Fts. : open until 9 p. m.
WANTED— Finisher, also apprentice on cus-
tom coats. 744 Folsom st.
WANTED — German girl for general housework.
1018 Sutter st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36% Fremont 6t. ; elevator.
ABOUT 160 more sewing machine operators will
find good paying work ln Levl Strauss Sz Co.'s
overall factory, 32% Fremont st MR. DA-
VIS, Supt.
LADIES' cloaks, suits, $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2220 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception ot. adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m. .
WANTED— Engagements by a hair specialist
to treat persons at their homes for falling
hair, dandruff, gray hair and eczema: best of
references and all work guaranteed. Box 3594,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED German girl would like to go
to Europe; Germany preferred; care for In-
valid or children: best references. A. 8.,
2705. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home.
Call at 150 Fourth st., room 7.'
HOUSE of 18 rooms, north of Market; bargain
If sold to-day; sickness cause of sale. ' Box
2574, C*U office. ;- • . i.
YOUNG girl wishes position to assist in house-
work and care of child. 31 Madison aye., off
YOUNG lady visiting the city desires to assist
in private family for board and room. A. Z.,
box 3040, Call office.
APPRENTICES on shirts; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor. Gough
and Grove 6ts.
YOUNG Swiss woman wishes work by the day,
warhing and housecloaning. 1819 Howard st.
SWEDISH or Danish girl wanted at 2661
Twenty-second st.
WANTED— A few girls at book bindery, 536
Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS embroiderer for applique work;
good pay. Box SS6S, Call.
NEAT young girl for light housework; small
WANTED— GirI for light housework. Call
2524 Hillegass aye., Berkeley.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework; one ac-
customed to children. 1027 McAllister st
A PROTESTANT woman to help ln light
work. Apply before 10 a. m.. 679 Harrison st.
OPERATORS on shirt waists: good wages;
steady work. Bauer Bros. Co., 21 Sansome.
GIRL wanted: 4 in family; easy place. Apply
at 2357 Howard st., between 19th and 20th.
WANTED— Hairdressers, manicures and ap-
prentices. GOLDSTEIN & COHN. 522 Market.
EXPERIENCED corder on silk waists. San
Francisco Mfg Co., 409 A Turk St.
OPERATORS on wrappers: power; good pay;
girls to sew buttons. STEIN, 109 Battery st
GERMAN girl to assist with general house-
work. 629 McAllister St.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Cc. ?40 14lh
st; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel, Mission 74.
DVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st: open till 9 p. m.
CLASSES ln German, French. Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof.DeFtllppe's Acad-
emy of langruages t SZoPost:estlB7l;ablestprofs.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Btudlo, 405 Geary, r. 47.
AYRES' Business College, in Market st; life
scholarship.- $£0; send for catalogue.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. Merkl. success-
ful teacher. 1008 Mission; best methods, results.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk ft.; open till 9 p. m.
AGENTS— Contra Costa, Alameda, San Joaquln
and Stanislaus: money ln this: Investigate.
CLARK. 751 Nineteenth St.. Oakland.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.. 412 Sacramento st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
JISOO— ONE of the best bakeries ln city for sale;
shop business only. Address box 3553. Call.
W ANTED— A shoemaker. Call early with tools
at 5U Second st. : '.- v
A 2-CHAIR barber shop for sale at 1105 Buch-
TAILOR wanted. 220 McAllister st.
WANTED— A good waiter. 106 Second st.
SALOON at Third st.. near llarket; fine trade
cheap if sold at once. Apply Liquor Dealers
Journal M3U California st.. room 1.
SHOE business, established over 25 years. 4
Summer st.. between Pine and California.
NEAT reetaurant: must be sold ln 2 days; $150.
Apply at 207 Grant aye., saloon.
ESTABLISHED furniture business: bargain for
right man: selling account of sickness. Apply
at 533 Broadway. Oakland.
BOOTBLACK wanted; man or boy; steady.
1048 McAllister st. -.;- ¦
SET of teeth without plate,
DR. H. G.
WANTED— Good dish washer; some cooking to
do; $3. 6SO Fourth st.
Call at 10 a. m.
BARBER. 1131% Howard.
OHIO Dental P»rlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market;
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 504 Montgomery aye. ? -: . ¦>»; .<¦"'.
BLACKSMITH shop near Ocean View; work
averages $125 a month; price $250. H. C.
DECKER. 1020 Market rt.
DENTISTS.
SAJf FRAXCISCO CALI*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Frsnd««>
Csll. corner ef Market and Third streets, open
entll 1J o'clock every night ln the y«ar.
DTtANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery ttreet.
corner Clay; cpen until *:30 p. ra.
*W Hayes rtreet: open until S:*9 p. m.
«S McAllister street: cpen until »:39 p. ra.
Cl 5 Larkln street : cpen until 8:30 p. m.
INI Mission ttreet; cpen until 16 p. m.
Ira Market ttreet. corner Sixteenth ; cpen
CBtil I p. in.
106 Eleventh rtreet: open until I ». ""•
:CM Valencia street: cpen until » p. m.
U23 Pclk rtreet: open until » P. m.
Ncrthwest corner cf Twenty-eecond and Kea-
• wrkr tttvetr: *>pen until > p. W.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
BARBER wanted— Call at 108 Fourth St., Sat-
urday, from 11 a. m.
BARBER for Saturday night. • Apply at 1026
Hyde st.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath: rent
$17;. 107V4 Collingswood St.: key upstairs.
MINNA, 639 A, bet. 7th and Bth— A modern mld-
dle flat: 5 rooms; bath, yard, basement.
IF you want to move get printed lUt flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
US— SUNNY middle flat of 6 rooms, bath. yard.
1740 Folsom St.. between 13th and 14th.
$18— ADULTS: 4 comfortable rooms: bath;
toilet; 2 beds: gas and coal .stoves. 1917 Geary.
WANTED— 4 barbers from 4 to 10 p. m. Apply
1205 Market st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 1211 Market
St.. above Eighth; $3 guaranteed. : r:
FLATS WANTED.
SUNNY flat— 6 rooms and bath; rent not over
$25; responsible party. Address box 3567, Call.
BARBER for Saturday: $3. 62 Second st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 232 Brod-
erick St.. near Oak.
ROUTE of 844 papers on this paper for kale.
Box 6. Oakland Postofflce.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
clit and palmist ln the world: satisfaction
guarEiueed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
MEDICAL.
DR and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladles-
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment. »>¦
MRS DR ALLEN". 1C35 Market, ladles' special-
1st:" guaranteed treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1113 Market
at.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. AND MRS. M. WEGENEK— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOIC SALE.
BOILERS, engines," 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 15^-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store Mdo..
flee furniture and fixtures: r.ejr and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1C23 Mission
St.. above Sixth. j
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirror*.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
INVALIDS who flnd no relief from drugging
the stomach to investigate Dr. conant a
method of absorption, which never falls, call
or address for booklet. Anidrosls. 4. Post,
office No. 5; gents' baths. 6; exclusive ladles
parlors, suite 33. ,
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. CaL
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gtnes.bollers. water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21t Spear st.
BELGIAN hares; new 64-egff incubator; 100-
chlck brooder; tfne-pen barred Plymoutn
Rocks. 2029 San Antonio aye.. Alameda.
FOR sale— Sealskin Jacket: good as new; cost
$300; make me an offer. 26 O'Farrell. room 24.
$600 CASH down— Barber shop. Apply at 6' /t
Grove st.
IRISH setters; fancy pigeons; homers; runts;
whits homers. 2041 Linden St., Oakland.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $3 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
FOR sale — 2 pumps, 2 tanks, wlndmtll and
horsepower. IS2S Fifteenth St., or 2627 Twen-
ty-third st.
NEV.' National Cash Register, total adder.
j cheap for cash. Address box 3548. Call.
$10 — SINGER sewing machine complete: must
¦ sell; a bargain. 577 Natoma St., nr. Seventh.
FIXTURES for sale cheap ln stationery store.
Call 2505\» Sutter st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; 7 drawers; plated;
almost new; cheap. 1315 Mission St., near lath.
ANY parties having Angora goats for sale ad-
dress H.. 226 National aye. San Diego. Cal.
A 10-TON FAIRBANKS scale and fire and bur-
glar proof safe. 6 California st.
A-$3 E0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7S. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. mange cure: by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 810 Golden Gate aye.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
DRESS pants. $2 73; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses. planers,lath»!>.
Iron & wood: 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 518 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
SIISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
BCRAP iron and machinery bought. San Fran-
cisco Iron Yard. 204 Mission st. •
MOXEY TO LOAX.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
. liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low*
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
¦econd mortgages estates ln probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advico free. G. B.
OL6EN, room If. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay: try all others, then see me; $59
to $100,000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates Sn probate, undivided interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 632 Market.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
ON REAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny St., room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; quick
esrvlce; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
MONEY to lean on real estate, notes, checks,
pianos and all kinds of personal property.
DEWING, 75 Chronicle buildinr.
MOXEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Exchange, 421
California st.
MONEY to loan on real estate, notes, checks,
pianos and all kinds of personal property. Ad-
dress CONFIDENTIAL, box 2729. Call. •
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3 per
cent; no removal; no commission. R. 51.6 Eddy.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 33« Parrott build-
Ing — Men can secure loans on personal not*.
AT 1H per cent per month, on furniture. 1503
Polk St.. OTTO MAX.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 433 Par-
rott building. :¦¦:-.;
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. -
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. HCK, 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
mor» money gee H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Aeency. 143 Phelan buildln-.
3IUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind- you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Butter sts., San Francisco.; corner Thir-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
Zt. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grates
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St. •
WE have some very fine bargains to offer you
to-day; cash or payments. MAUVAIS', 769
Market st.
DECKER & SON, Packard & Eoothe Bros., are
the names to remember when selecting a
piano. Full line at Mauvals', 769 Market st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W C. HAMILTON. 321 Post St.
EO SLIGHTLY used high and medium grade
pianos; special discounts for cash: open Sat
evenings. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
AN owner ln reed of money will sacrifice her
boautlful upright piano. Room 10 Flood bldg.
SELL for storage — 2 uprights. $75: very fins
Steinway. $125. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market.
LARGE upright piano; standard moke; $125,
coll evenings. 1319 Powell, st.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER. Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ISIS Market st.
FINE Fischer & Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st
.GOOD -upright piano: nearly new: cheap.
. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap SCHMITZ, II
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank. ,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IL
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES— TO LET.
FINE store and 4 rooms for barber and family
on B St., San Rafael: rent $12. Apply to J.
CORTI. P. P.- box 192. San Rafael.
UNION-SQUARE building, opposite City of
Paris. Stockton and Geary sts. — Elegant new
offices and utores.
NEW corner, suitable for drugstore: fixtures
complete; cheap. Eighth aye. ana Clement.
$H>— STOKE; 2 show windows and » Urge rooms;
adapted to wnv tm«lne*». 423 Sixth *t.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College ot
Palmistry; reads 1 to J. CIS Qeary. or. Jones.
BjSM— *JM>f n — S—SM»J»JMh—'lifcMMtwhwillhilSilllßllili I i¥ —M l>*l llt^tj—m
PERSONALS.
WAVTED—AddresPof MRS. ALLEN McDOST-
ALP. widow. Address box 2569. Call office.
rarbfr wants wife. 2S years of ags. to lly»
fnminlng c.m P . Address Postofl** box
73.500. Phoenix. Ariz. _
BELLE-OUDRT jg ±
F MTs S Wa^e C r% t^ua C te^ a a^u t a l^ £&£
MME ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
rnfela^ all win leaves like magic from her
wonderfully fitted hands. 1343 Howard st.
ANY lady calling en February IS to our cloak
and suit department will receive a souvenir
spoon of the battleship Maine: worth while to
come. Eastern Outflttins Co.. 1308 Stockton
st.. near Broadway. _
A FINE suit to order $10 13 or P«its S3 75: oar
specialty In remnant* »«fw» «¦«•*•«
cheaper than ready «*•*»•., fc Ifc '^£° a '
1117 Market st.. bet. Tth and Bth. prop. One-
price Tailoring Co.; 632 Kearny. near Sacto:
also 1644 Market st.. onder St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 W to $5 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade coe-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H. M, HEINEMAN. 109 Sansome st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
JAPANESE Honsecleaning Co.. 707 Devtsadero
St.. near Grove. S. KINO.
IF you wish" full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. IS7 Third; tcl. black 412 X
COLEMAN buys clothing. brte-a-Drae. tools,
carpets, old gold: send for him. 808 Kearny.
WANTED— OId Kold for manure O. NOLTE.
jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMEIUNO corrected: booklet. J WHITE-
IIORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. UIS Unden. Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
"pJOLTCHROME~paper. rich In tone, eajy to
work; low price: sample do»en 4x5 and dar»l-
oper mailed 25c. Cal. Camera Co.. 23 O«anr.
PIIYSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
. PARALYSIS:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES:
OSSIFICATION:
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS:
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORM 3:
ECROFULA. ECZIIMA: SKIN DISEASES.
CONSUMPTION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASED
Cured where all ether have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFBt
Different from any other treatment,
for references. Consultation f 1 £4.
DR L. J. STRATTON. 807. oOS and 509. Par.
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
.102HJ Market st.. bat Sixth and Seventh.
UEAL SSTATB CITY FOR SALE.
a! m speck & co. ~~~— —
LOAN MONEY.
667 Market St.. oftp. Kearny.
$So.ooO— Grand corner; 75 ft. front; H block
from Market st., not far from Sixth; rents $300.
$75. 0T«— Grand cor.. 60 ft., within block of
Baldwin; positively the cheapest property
(downtown) ln the city.
$55.000 — Rare investment: vlclnltr Powell ana
Geary; 4-story brick building: stores and, lodg-
ing-house above; 36 feet front.
$45.000— Corner; rents $4CO; modern Improve-
ments; lot 80x135 feet.
$26.500— Near Eddy and Jones; itor* and "A
rooms above: modern: pays 7 per cent net.
$24.000— Sixth st. ; 75 feet front; rents $24<*
yearly; good building: 4 stores.
$22.500— Third St.. about 325 feet from Market:
store and lodging-house: terms. % cash.
$3000 — 6 elegant new flats; lot 50x100 ft- : all
rented for $34 a mo. ; grand bargain.
$7KO— Six good flats: rents $360 yearly; down-
town; lot 50 feet front.
$ecoo— Post st.; 3 g^ood flats; rents $60; lot
$3250 — Cor. store and 6-roora Cat; rent* $37:
foreclosure.
$17r.o — Two nice fiats; rents $18 50.
J7o0 — 6 rooms and lot 45x73 ft.
A. M. SPECK &. CO.. 667 Market st.
A. M. SPECK it CO..
887 MARKET ST.
Offer wanted: close to Santa Fe ferry site:
SW. corner Folsom and Beale sts.; lot 92:1k
137:6, with improvements.
MODERN flats— ssSoO; containing S and 8 rooms
each: highly decorated and finished with all
modern conveniences: 631 Waller St.. one-
block from Haizht and Pierce; easy terras.
F. XKLSON. Builder.
IF you have lots ln Richmond district, north ot
the Park, that you wish to sell <fulckly then
call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
FOR sale, chear> — New 2-story houses. 7 rooms;
latest Improvements: Noe and Hill st» ; near
Castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
FINE lot en Uranus st., near 17th; rjMir cars;
$200. Inquire 133 Valencia st.
2 MODERN flats, cheap; must sell account ot
departure for Europe. Inquire 487 Tehama.
INQUIRE 142 Fulton st.; fine fiats; near City
Hall, within two blocks.
IUOAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sals
11 ACRES — Close to depot; S8 mile* from this
city; 3 acres In vineyard, some orchard; house
and barn: a fine neighborhood; beautiful
scenery; running water ln front; bank price
$i; 00; a snap: don't miss It. H. H. CRANE.
SCS California st.
A SPLENDID farm of 117 acres; good land; ad-
joining town of Pleasanton. Alameda Co. ; can
now be purchased at $47 50 per acre. Including
portion of growing crop. H. H. CRANE, 50S
California st.
BARGAIN— 6tX>-acre stock ranch: 25 miles from
Oakland. 4 miles from railroad town: abund-
ance of water: 20 acres orchard and vineyard.
a portion hay land; fine Improvements; $20 pep
acre; see photographs, this office. H. H.
CRANE. 50$ California st.
$23!! K5!! PER acre for Immediate sa'.e — 200
acres (or less), nearly all ln crop, near Sunol.
Alameda Co. ; no such bargain ever offered.
11. H. CRANE, CCS California st.
FOR PALE— A beautiful orchard home prop-
erty of 50H acres, all ln full bearing trees.
one-third prunes, the balance peaches, pears,
apricots and cherries, with good Improve-
ments, situated ln the warm foothill belt of
Santa Clara Valley. 9 miles west of San Jose.
6 miles from Santa Clara and 4 miles from
Mountain View: paying a good Income; pric*
only $25,000. For particulars address A. L.,
Call Agency. San Jose.
AN elegant home farm of 12 acres, near Moun-
tain View; large modern house. 9 rooms: 19
acres ln best French prunes In full bearing,
bringing in nearly $2000 yearly Income; cost
$15,000; will be sold for $10,000. Box 3557. Call.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main St.. Petaluma: real «s-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Ponnma County bargains.
ROOMS FOR UOirsKKUKPI.NG.
AT S2 Second— N!<-e new papered and reno-
vated front rooms; $1 60 to $2 50 a week.
CALIFORNIA. 2523— Sunny room; 1 or 2 gentle-
men: breakfast If desired; private family;
references exchanged.
EDDY. 604— Sunny front bay-window room,
with use of kitchen.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping. 2. I or 4
¦ rooms. $10 to $20; also single. $4 to $7.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— s7; 2 larg» runny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard; water.
FOLSOM. 739— Housekeeping. $2 up. and s!ng!»
rooms. $1 ut>: all light, sunny.
FOLSOM. S34— Sunny front room and kitchen;
sink, closets, bath; no children; private; $3 SO
week.
HAVES. 374—3 unfurnished rooms for houso*
keeping: sunny side; no children.
HYDE. 7. near City Hall— Front suit with op
without kitchen: also single room. $6; cheap.
JONES. 2201. cor. Greenwich — Two large sunny
front housekeeping roooms; complete; $10 a
month.
LEWIS. 1?. off Taylor— 3 or S unfurnished
rooms; newly papered and painted; $9. $12.
MISSION, 1123H— Housekeeping rooms. $2 and
OLIVE aye., 127— 2 unfurnished rooms; also us«
of kitchen; $6 per month.
POLK, 16C0— A sunny furnished bedroom and
kitchen: laundry: cheap.
POWELL. ClO— Sunny furnished front room wltlt
kitchen, bath, closets, yard; sep. entrances.
SUTTER. 1111. nr. Larkln— Comfortably furnj
single suites; also hkgp.; terms reasonable.
THIRTEENTH. Hs— Three sunny bay-window
connecting rooms; $12.
TO let— Two or three furnished rooms suitable
for housekeeping. Apply before 12 m.. 1913
TWELFTH. 122, bet. Mission and Howird— 3
sunny housekeeping rooms with gas stave.
VAN NESS aye.. 43— Furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping ; also others; very reasonable.
VICKSBURG, SIS. nr. 24th and Church Mission
st. cars transfer 22d-2 sunny unfunUshed
rooms to rent: $5 month. «™urawn«
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore st
Y^r^. I "*^ jsksss-s vi
S's.:^ °.f. ITrry°°°''1 T rry°°°'' -• *•-
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
nc fee without fsuccess: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 81.0 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE fr*e: r.o charpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, i' 27 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MEHZBACH. attorney at law, has re-
sumed practice at 503 Cal. Et.. Clunie building.
L P. CLARK. Emma Sprockets bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket *t. : consultation fre*: no fees ln advance.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tujtion. S. F.
Barbers' School. 741 Howard si.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner ef Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: oren until 9 v. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 250
to 60c. 563 Mission St., between Ist and 2d vts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics . to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. ¦.-:¦- ;¦
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearsfbldc.. Third and Market.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LAPY living ln Fruitvale would like to have
child to board; fres=h egg* and milk: $8 per
. month. Addrffs 1206 Grove st. or box 3565, Call.
GOOD home for baby or small child. Call at
S Elizabeth «.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate eve. : telephone East 126.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Minion St.. near Third.
BARBER wanted for Saturday afternoon and
Sunday morning. ISSS Mission St.
DOOT AND SHOE HARGAINS.
SEND for cur price list; it's chuck full of bar-
n, .:.!¦; we pay the freight on country orders.
PEOPLE'S MICE STORE. 1203 Stockton 61..
near Broadway.
lIORSEB, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for rale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$27 Sixth St.; auction rales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SO HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St.. b?t. Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Oentleman's road horse and blk»
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. Q. ay.
FINE gentle horses and new rubber-tired bug-
gies: $30 per month. Pacific Carriage Co.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— 51 100 : DAIRY and route; 13 cows, 4 horses.
I milk wacon. 1 cart, etc.; Include 10 acres
orcp of barley hay; business established 20
>e*rs. R. G. WILKE. *06 Market et., rm. 8.
A— s**; RESTAURANT and chop house on
Stockton st. ; ettabl. many years and clearing
above JliO per month. Call room 8. 906 Mar-
ltet Et. R. G. WILKE.
A-JSDO: DELICACY end dairy business, kept
by present owner for 9 years; a splendid busl-
nets; offer; place clearing about $50 per mo.
>(* Market Et.. room 8. R. G. WILKE.
A— s4^oo: CORNER grocery, on one of the prin-
cipal business streets of this city; first-class
paying; only cash trade: etock all fresh; will
invoice the price; a splendid end rare chance.
Particulars, R. G. WILKE. !*rf Market St..
room S.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted ln saloon on O'Far-
reli and Stockton Ets. Call R. G. WILKE.
room k. W>G Market et.
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT and chop bouse on
Third et., near Call bldg. R. G. WILKE.
room S, SO6 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED/ refined couple (no children),
well educated, speaking German and English,
would like full charge of boarding or room-
lr.c house or care of private residence. Box
2533, Call office.
shops
10Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JM!S g»teXt <>~*> X r.A E> V »T. Kstablishrd
B*ir|S In I VI4 for the treatment of Prtvata
SR iK 4&J Diseases, Lost Mnuhrxxi. Debility or
¦S^SrV«£« disease rearing on body and mind <mil
skin Diieaars. Taeiioc-torrurMwhfii
others faiL Try him. Ch.tr:;** low
bTtKsHMkSaI Curr<:niirnnt<>fil. CuHor^ritf.
Or. J. ft-. oinitO.N. Box 19S7.Saa FraocUoa
THE WEEKLX CALL
$1 pep Year.
Civil Service Examiners.
The Civil Bervice Commission yesterday
extended an invitation to Judge Slack. F
W. Dohrmann and E. B. Pond to act as
examiners at the first civil service ex-
amination to be held March 1 next for the
position of copyist. The gentlemen have
signified their acceptance of the invita-
tion.
++?? ?+++?? ? + ? ? > ? ?
Just think of it— a tunnel *
*" connecting San Francisco with *
"*" Oakland! Trolley cars run- \-
ning underneath the bay — a *
"*¦ trip in fifteen minutes and for '
? 5 cents. Not only possible but ->¦ *
+ probable. Bead about it in "*
? next Sunday's Call. ?
+ '¦ - %
? ? + ? ? ? * ± it ± ± ± -fc +. +. ?
DIVIDOD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 76 (twenty-
fve cent* prr «hare) of the Hutcbineon Surar
Plantation Ccttpany will be payable at the
« :i\- - of the company. No. 527 Market st.. on
and «?t*r Tuesday. Feb. 20. I*oo. Transfer
bocV.F will close on Wednesday. Feb. 14, 1900,
at 2 o'clock p. ra.
E. H. FIIELDON. Secretary.
OAKLAND FfII.MTLIIB FOB «ALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Ecbeflhaas. the
fur*!tur« araler. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND FinMSHUD lIOO3IS.
OAKLAND Brunch Office of The Call re-
moved to 11JS Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tiwm^nts «nd *ur>*Tiptlons received.
100 Equitable Oas 3 75
B0 Hana Plantation Co g 00
75 Hana Plantation Co, s 90 8 00
100 Hana Plantation Co g 1214
COO Hana Plantation Co g 25
60 Honokaa 8 Co ; 29 25
100 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 00
10 Makawell. cash 45 00
20 Makawell - 41 12>,4
10 Market-st Railway 61 75
60 Paauhau S P Co M 00
50 Paauhau S P Co. cash 26 00
185 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 50
110 S V Water 95 50
40 S V Water 95
$1000 Callfornia-st Cable bonds 117 50
J3OOO Los Angeles Ry 6 per cent bonds 106 25
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
6 Contra Costa Water 7400
100 Hana Plantation Co 8 25
100 Hana Plantation Co, » 90 g 12U
40 Honokaa S Co 29 25
90 Market-st Railway ..,.. 61 75
10 Market-st Railway gi 871/
5 S V Water 95 75
J2OOO Oceanic S S bonds 105 25
Street— -
200 Onomea Sugar Co 28 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGED
: Morning Session.
Board—
100 Caribou . 95
Afternoon Session. .
Board-
SO Buckhorn 4 00
Street-*
200 Home Oil 8 1%
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. '
'Jf . Board —
150 Barker Ranch •...' ...'." >1 15
300 Anaconda ' 63
Afternoon Session.
Board— . ¦ »
200 Anaconda' ..........'......' 60
100 Anacunda ..«.. 65
Shipping Intelligence.
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent. ¦
COJTNECTINO T»AIN LEAVES SAX FuAXCIiCO!
5 P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving la Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
F YDDPSS p " m * with Pal ace aad Tourist
n a hv cars for Kansas Citj, St. Lonts,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLfY
Fresno. Hanford, Vwalia, Tulare DOAn
aad Bakersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•fiasco soon {gj^jgjFg-jjw.
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMALPpIS SCENIC RfW-WAY
Leave Pan Francisco via aausalito Ferry.
Week days 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m_
Sundays g:00," 10:00 a. m. and 1:« p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trtans.
Far*— Sao Francisco to Summit and Return.
tliO- -
Builders' Contracts.
Winslow Anderson (owner) with W. W. Mon
tague & Co.. corporation (contractors), archi
tect Julius E. Krafft— Heating and ventilating
system for a four-story and basement brick
and stone oflice building on S line of Sutter
street 103:9 E of Larkln, E 33:9 by S 137:6;
Christina Huck (owner) with W. E. Grant
(contractor), architect none — All work for a
two-story frame building with concrete founda
tions on E line of Eleventh avenue. 150 N of
J street. E 120 by N 25, outside land block 652;
11850.
Susie Sandrock (owner) with Hughes * Mc-
Donald (contractors), architect H. Hess— All
work for alterations and additions to a two
story frame building on SW corner of Thir
teenth and Jessie streets: J1635.
Martha A. Barrere (owner) with Petterson &
Persson (contractors), architects Copeland &
Pl erc c— Excavation, brick, carpenter, tinning
and mill work, lathing, plastering, stair, glass
and glazing for a two-story frame building on
W line of Scott street. 57:6 N of Grove. N 2S
by W 110, Western Addition block 448; $4540.
Independent Electric Light and Power Com
pany (owner) with Pacific Rolling Mills, cor
potatton (contractor), architects Reid Brothers
—Steel and Iron work for sub-stations B, C
and D: 56655. ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
flfifiO— JTST like rent; new cottace of S rooms
(to crder)). t2OO cash. J2f> per month: lot 32r
108. J. H. TOUNG. Builder. 124J Park st.
Steamer Movements.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
t r~~^ — ~. _ —
WE ofTer the following special bargain: .
flftft— House of 4 rooms anj bath; lot AxlW).
J2sO?— House of i rooms; all modern Improve-
ment*: lot 43xl#>: near bay" chore.
S4SoO— House, 10 rooms: all modern Improve-
ments; fine location; lot tOxltO.
$3000— House. 7 rooms; porcelain bath, ga«,
«tc. ; San Jose aye. ; lot 60x50.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st.
O Time Time Time Tlmel
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
pHWLW H W L. W
17 ... 1:19 6.1 7:W 1.7 1:23 4.6 7:00 1.4
]« ... 1:42 5.1 7:44 1.5 2:os 4.3 7:29 1.8
19 ... 2:OS 5.2 8:29 1.3 3:04 4.0 5:01 2.2
20 ... 2:33 6.2 9:21 1.2 4:12 3.7 8:44 2.5
21 ... 3:10 5.2 10:22 1.1 5:30 3.6 9:39 2.9
22 ... 3:55 5.2 11:28 O.S 6:51 3.6 10:53 3.2
23 ... 4:55 0.2[ 12:32 0.5 8:C0| 3.9
Sun, Moon and Tide.
DIED.
Ahrens. Henrr W. Lee, D'.xon L.
Alexander. Theodore McCourt. Joseph
Cassidy. James P. McMenomy, Charles
Clavine, Margaret Mayr. Louis
Colen. Bertha Merritt. Joseph
Eisenzopf. Gertrude O'Connell. Thomas
Field. Arthur H. Pepperman. Peter J.
Flynn. Mary Riddle. Mary
Foote. Bertha I. Riedinger. Laura
Fnuick, Caroline Schoenfelder. Wal-
Garvey. James burca
Gianettoni, Stephen Sellco. Maria J.
GiUlek, Anne Sernau. *\Villlam D.
Gosland, William T. 6haw, Stephen W.
Grie»ser. Frederick Stulz. Charles
Hanks. Mrs. Mary Sullivan. Samuel
Heaney. Mary A. Vimont. Edward
Heller. Elizabeth G. Wagner; Anton P.
Hntaling, Anson P. Wall. Kittle E.
Johnson. Nicolena Williams. Annie
Kern Blna Wemmer. Mr,
Knight. James H. Wolters. George C
Lausten, Hans
AHRENS— In this city. February 15, 1900,
Henry W., beloved son of Anna M. and the
late Martin Ahrens. and brother of John
Ahrens, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
20 years 9 months and 21 days.
? C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeraJ to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:SO o'clock, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Post street, where services will be
held under the auspices of the Hannoveraner
Verein. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1137 Mission street.
ALEXANDER— In San Leandro. February 15.
1900, Theodore Alexander, beloved husband of
the late DelDhine Alexander, father of Er-
nest, Louis and Isadore Alexander and Mrs.
A. Weilhelmer of Fresno, and brother of Mrs.
F. Israel, a n&tlve of Paris.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, t36 Washington street.
Interment Home cf Peace Cemetery.
CASSIDY-Killed at San Pedro MacatJ. P. 1.,
February 21, 1599. James P.. beloved son of
B. F. Cassidy. brother of Frank H., George
H., Emma and Mollie Cassldy, and nephew of
L. B. Werler, a native of Idaho, aged 2S
years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Armory.
.815 Ellis street. Interment National Ceme-
tery. Presidio. Cal.
CLAVINE— In the City and County Hospital,
February 15. 1900, Margaret Clavine, a na-
tive of France, aged 2S years.
OOLEN— In this city, February 16, 1900, Bertha
Colen, wife of Frank Colen, a native of Saa
Francisco, aged 27 years and 11 days.
EISENZOPF-In this city. February 16, 1?00,
Gertrude Helene, beloved daughter of John
and Anna Eisenzopf, and sister of. Ernest,
Irene anj Gustave Eisenzopf, a native of San
Francisco, accd 1 year and 5 days.
CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 243 Second street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FIELD— In Haywards. February 16, 1900. Ar-
thur H. Field, a native of London. England,
aged IZ years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, at Trin-
ity Episcopal Church.
FLYNN— In Oakland, February 14. 1300, Mary
Flynn, widow cf the late Timothy Flynn,
and lovjne and devoted mother of Dennis 11.
McNamara and John, Maurice. Timothy and
Mary Flynn. a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, need 63 years.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1361 Eighteenth street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FOOTE— In Hongkong. January 16. 1900, Ber-
tha Isabel, wife of W. W. Focte. a native of
ETTrlends are Invited to attend the funeraJ
this day (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from her
late residence, corner of Thirteenth and
Brush streets, Oakland. Interment private.
FRANCK— In Santa Clara, February 15, 1900,
Caroline Franck. beloved wife <«f ex-Senator
F. C. Franck. and mother of Mrs. W. A.
Lalne and Fred C. Franck Jr., a native of
Germany, aged 63 years and 3 months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvled to attend the funeral, which will
take clace from her late residence, corner of
Washington &nd Benton streets, Santa Clara.
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock. Inter-
ment at Santa Clara.
GARVET— In this city. February 15. 1900,
James Garvey, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years.
C7Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth.
GIANETTONI— In this city, February 13. 1300,
Stephen Edward, dearly beloved son of Ca-
nillio and Annie Gianettoni. and brother of
Hattie. Mamie and Katie Giu.nettoni, a na-
tive of tan Francisco, aged 7 years and 3
months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his parents'
residence, UK I1 * Powell street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GlLLlCK— February 16. ISOO. Anne Gllliek. be-
loved wife of the late James Gllliek. and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. D. M. Heag-
eVty and Mrs. J. J. Flanigan, a native of
County Donegal, Ireland, aged CS years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
February 19, at S o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. D. M. Heagerty, Fruit-
vale, thence to St. Elizabeth's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
GOBLAND— In this city. February 16. 1900.
William T.. beloved husband of Mary Ooe-
land. and brother of Miss Jennie and Thomas
Gosland. Mrs. A. W. Stern, Mrs. M. Simpson
and Mrs. E. Parker of Warwick, Queensland,
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 38 years
2 months and 3 days. A member of Court
Southern Heights No. 1150, Independent Order
of Foresters, and Draymen and Teamsters'
Union. (Queensland papers please copy.)
E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. (18 Eighteenth street, corner Tennes-
see. Interment Cypress Lawn Ometery.
GRIESSER— In the City and County Hospital.
February 15. 1600, Frederick Grlesser. a na-
tive cf Germany, aged 13 years.
HANKS— In this city. February 16, 1900. Mrs.
Mary Hanks, dearly beloved mother of Rob-
ert Hanks, and sister of Mrs. Helen Blalsdell,
a native of Edinburgh. Scotland, aged 53
yc-arj and 7 months.
HEANET— In this city, February 16. 1900. Mary
A. Heaney. beloved mother of W. P. Heaney.
a native of Philadelphia.
HELLER— In Belmont. February J«. 1900. Eliza-
beth Grace, beloved wife of George Heller,
a native of Eureka, Humboldt County, Cal.,
aged 16 years and 10 months.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from her late residence in Bel-
mont. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
train leaving Belmont at 11:19 o'clock.
HOTALING— In this city. February 16. 1300.
Anson Parsons HotalinK. beloved husband of
Lavtnla J. Ilotallng, and father of Richard
M., Frederic C. and the late Anson P. and
George H. Hotalingr. aged 73 years 11 months
and l*i days.
C^The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at Masonic
Temple, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M.
JOHNSON— In this city. February IS, ISOO,
Nicolena, beloved wife of Peter Johnson, and
mother of M. C. Williams, a native of Nor-
way, aßed 61 years and 9 months.
KORN— In Sacramento. Cal., February 15.
1900, Blna Korn. widow of Jacob Korn.
mother of fiimon. Joseph and David Korn.
and sister of Mrs. Sophie t'rl and Michael.
Kaufman and Joseph Wertheimer, a native
of Karlsruhe. Germany, aged 60 years.
irTFuneral at Sacramento from Clark &
Booth's undertaklnc parlor". 1017 Fourth
street, between J and X, to-morrow (Sunday),
at 13 o'clock.
KXIGHT— KiIIed In action at Santa Ana, P. 1..
February 6. 1833. James Harvey Knight,
dearly beloved son of Mrs. M. McCoy, stepson
of Thomas McCoy, darling brother of Claire
KOEEDALE liaise. "19 & 221 E'.lls *t.-Rooms
r.lpht, week. %l 2&.t0 J4; open night.
IjmVAnD. 1318-Two unfurnished front rooms. ! MARRIED.
*'£le furaiSid lo US€k^ ln^ *>*° » ' PTJIEN-HANSEN-In this city. February 15.
V.-- T ,-~"-i — — i i* 00 ' by the Rev ' E ' G " Mathena. D.D.. George
JESSIE. 4TS. near Sixth— 2 furnished rooms for |>nien and Alice Elizabeth Hansen. both of
h<iu»ek«-eping. wvmum iur i gan Francisco.
GEARY. 405 (The Navmrre)— Elegantly furnl«n-
«d rooms, en eulte or single. MRS. H. HTER.
HAIGHT. 100 - Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms e":njr> cr en eulte.
FT'LTON. 216 and 21S, corner Van Ness aye —
Fur.r.y side: 4 rooms or 2 or 3 rooms; gas.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: t*-v*
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 37; 100 Potosi *7
100 Chollar 20 ' 600 Sierra Nevada. 33
400 Crown Point.... 09 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
400 Mexican 22 r 300 Union Con 24
200 Ophir SS I 600 Yellow Jacket.. 17
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia .' 3S 100 Overman 10
200 Crown Point... 08 400 Potosi 2«
60 Justice 07 150 Sierra Nevada. 37
600 Mexican 21 400 Sierra Nevada. M
SOO Ophlr 65 %
Following were the sales in the Pacific Btock
Exchange yeaterday:
Morning Session.
tOO Caledonia ..' 36i*200Potosl Tt
300 Mexican 22 500 Sierra Nevada. 40
200 Mexican Zi 500 Sierra Nevada. 89
200 Ophlr 54 200 Sierra Nevada. 3?
W0 Ophlr 53 800 Union Con 23
100 Overman 09 300 Union 00n...:.. 24
400 Overman 101
Afternoon Session,
400 C C & Va 1 32H 200 Savage 11
200 C C & Va 135 600 Sierra Nevada. 3S
200 Gould & CUrry. 14 £00 Utah 07
600 Justice 06 200 Yellow Jacket. IS
300 Ophlr 63. 300 Yellow Jacket. 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Feb. 16—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Kentuck 01 .02
Alta. 01 02 Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 05 06 Mexican 21 23
Belcher 21 22 Occidental . 11 14
Best & Belchr. 34 35 Ophir S3 57
Bullion 03 04 Overman 09 10
Caledonia 37 3S!Potosi 26 27
Chollar 19 20 Savage 11 12
Challenge Con. — 20 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence — "5 Seg Belcher 01 02
Con Cal & Va.l 35 1 40!Slerra Nevada. S3 37
Con Imperial... — 01 Silver Hill — 05
Con New York. — 04 St Louis 09 —
Crown Point... 07 08 Standard 2502 75
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 05
Gould & Carry. 14 15 Union Con 24 25
Hale & Norcrs. 30 3liUtah 07 09
Julia — 02, Yellow Jacket.. 1« 17
Justice 07 081
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed wtth the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BROWN— In this city. February 14, 1900, to the
wife of Martin A. Brown, a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city. January 31. 1900, to th«
wife of Austin O'Brien, a daughter.
VAN NORDEN— In tills city. February 15. 1900.
to trie wife of R. h. Van Norden. a daughter.
CONVERSE. JS. off Bryant, near Eighth— Kour
rw DM to let: rent fs.
FOL<om. t.65. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
rurr.^hed rooms: suites or single; new mrmt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. XOO Ftllmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infarn.
A- BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Slxtli-^Koomi
ISC to SI per night; SI Z5 to ti per vctk, and
;-?ht hcutekeeplns;; open all night.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO..
(Saccesson to Flannaran & Gallacher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMJtRS,
m nrtb st.. opposite Lincoln School
. TeiepUoo* Boutll 10.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of partnership.— The
firm heretofore exl*tln«; under the name and
style cf lACCHKRI * BACIGALL'PI. doing
business ln the c!ty and county of San Fran-
Cisco, was on the JSth day of March, IM9. dis-
solved by mutual consent. MR. G. lACCHEIII
having purchased the entire Interest of O.
BACIGALCPI in the concern.
O. lACCIIKHI.
O. BAOIGALUPL
Can Francteoo. February t, 1900.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to Ills' Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
BAILROAD THAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, IS?J.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— *7:OO. -9:30. 11:00 a. m.; »1:45.
•3:40. 5:15. S:QO. «:30 d. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 o. m.
6UNDAT&-*8:00, «10: CO. *11: M a. m.; IM,
t:l5, *4:40. «:20. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Queatln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WESK DATS— S:IS. •*:». T:4B. t.Vt a. m.:
n2:JO. J:1B. *«:40, *S:U p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at (:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDATS-6:», f.W. »10:C0, »I1:4S a. m.:
•1:40, *3:18. 4:45. *«:S0 d. m.
Trains marked <•) start from Saa Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCI3CO
WEEK DATS— fi:4S. «:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
12:13, 2:35. 3:45. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Eaturdays at 7:00 and lfc2o p. ra. •
SUNDAYS— S:O6. 10:05 a. m.; 13:06. 1:18. i:3o
1:00. .I:4s r>. m. \ • ¦ -, .
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:00 a. m. week days— Cawdera and way stattona,
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
I.CQ a. ra. Suadays^-Tomaiea aad way station*.
OAKLAND branch Office or The Call re-
moved to 1118 Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements en<! subscriptions received.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLA.\D REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN— Rich, modern. Oakland home. Mrs.
E. C. Kortler. ZiZi Piedmont aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February 18.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, 23 hours from Eu
reka, bound touth: put In to land passengers.
Strar Alice Planchard. Jassen. 60 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Alcazar, Qunderson, 88 hours from Port
Los Anseles.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen, 18 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Proereso, ZoUinsr, 87 hours from Ta-
Stmr Pomona, Alexander, 60% hours from San
Stm'r Walla Walla, Thomas, 634 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart, 24 hours from Eu
reka, bound to San Pedro; put in to land pa»-
Ee stmr Mackinaw, LJttlefleld. 80 hours from
Stmr' TUlamook. Anflndsen. 7S hours from
Tlllamook. '
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel. 43 hours from
Flshermans Bay. ..
Schr Sacramento. Qraggtl, 78 hours from
Tlllamook.
Bchr J RDptnsrer. Colstrup, 4S hours from
Point Arena.
CLEARED,
Friday. February. 18.
Etmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria; O R & N Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Chemainus; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co. "<A' r - :
Stmr Lacuna. Stark, — . \
Br Bhlp Roby. Jones. Queenstown: G W Mc-
Bark Martha Davis, McAlman, Hllo; Welch
Ger" bark Schwarzenbek, Nlcolal, Queens
town: Balfour. Guthrl* & Co.
Ger bark Blrma. Yon Wrede, Queenstown; G
Pchr* Roy Somers, Soiland, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, February 16.
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson, San Pedro,
Stmr San Pedro, ¦ Zaddart. ' San Pedro.
Stmr Ruth, Lundqulst. Coos Bay.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy,. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr" Scotia. "Jacobs. Rockoort. • i '
Rtmr Aloha. Jorgenson, Crescent City.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen. Biuslaw River. In
tow stmr Ruth.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, rent to any address tn the
T'rlted Ftate*. p<-«tr>«id. for tl per year.
OAKLAND Branch Office of The Call re-
moved to 111S Broadway. Oakland. Adver-
tisements and subscriptions received.
Ralifornia Limited
Santa Fe Route
TO SAIL.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALL NEW AND MODERN.
fITTO — r rooms and bath; near cars.
t2T>iO— < rooms and hath; street paved.
V.VA— 1 rooms and bath; corner lot; paved
street.
S3MVk— s twt.w ».r.d bath : In the beautiful Scenic
Park: adjoining the college grounds: a bargain.
S:V»— Pretty 7-room home; Just the place for
j ou.
lovely home of 9 room., etc.: paved
jinrxJ— > roosia and bath; situated high and
All Vhee* are «jp-to-<late.
O. G. MAT A CO.. Berkeley Station.
NEAT cottase. 6 larre rooms: with pantry,
folding doors, mantel, hot and cold water;
fine well water; brick foundation; bay win-
dow: wash traya. windmill and tank: lot 40
'xITS; price S1500; JlOO cash, balance Sl£ month-
ly; take Berkeley train, get off at Lortn Sta-
tion, ask for RUDOLPH A PERKINS, office
open Sundays.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pares, sent to any addrees In th«
United Et&tes or Canada one year for 11,
poFtajje paid.
TO ARRIVE.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
TO LEASE.
TO lease— Kenll worth Inn; rosiantically situat-
ed ln Mill Valley; f' minutes' ride from San
Francisco: completely furnished; 40 rooms;
steam ar.^ hot water baths: electric lights;
heaters throughout; elevators, etc: rent low.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. €26 Market St.
TO lea**— Fine oil land ln oil district; none but
men of raear.s need apply; one elrnth royalty
af ke<J. Answer box 00. Call.
STORAGE AAD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Stora<re and Morlnr Co.
«01 Po« »t.. cor. Powell: tel. Main S7IS.
STABLES TO LET.
ETABLE cf 9 stalls and yard. 82 Chesley~iit~^
between Seventh and Elrhth. off Bryant.
ALL kinds bourtt sold, exchanged, rented; re-
rairirjr at lowest rates. JOS Fourth sr_
*EWWC MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Afreney.US 6th: phone Mint 4S.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
I,'nlted States or Canada on* year for JL
r">Ftajre paid.
BAD tenants ejected for »4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.'
€15 Montccmery «., rooms »-10; teL 5620.
BOOBS papered, from $3; whitened. $1 up-
painting done Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALApE HOTEL.
L B Stoddart, N V JJ Goodman, Calcutta
R H Baxter, Bath S Magney. Russia
X C Bingham, Cal W H Hansen. Redwood
5 Slchel. Portland F Vogel. St Petersburg
3 L Baer, Baker City W Lubinlz. Russia
I Baer. Baker City W Bagdanowich, Russ
I Hanrahan & w 111 W Carson, Burlington
Mrs R W Harris, Tenu J W Moore Mt Eden
I E Dorothy, NY E B King, Stanford
M Clarkham, Chicago W Rodlnger, Chicago
J Gillott, Los Ang J L Adajns. N V
G H Rosing, London J Altschul, N V
I" W Hawson. Chicago D E Keating, R I
(I Osborne, Los Ang R G Lowenstein, Utah
C E Jacox, Sn Lorenzo A Graupe, Utah
C E Street, Dayton A Laldrtch & w, China
M Rodits. Paris SAD Puter, Chicago
R Vogelmachor. Paris F O Einstein, Fresno
Mrs E R Smith, Japan L Freldraan & w. 11l
Miss Smith. Japan II Elrich. New York
F Vorwerk. Jai'an A L Jacobs Salt Lake
Dr Pakendieck. Japan F C Cochen & w. N V
A Becker. China Miss E A Peck, N V
J C Brown, Los Ang. Mies M Cochen. N V
Mrs M L Gay, Cal iG W Mure, Chicago
J B Tuttte A w, Detrt'j V Lynch, Menlo
G W Crib & w. Ohio I F Henshaw &w. Oakld
O Walter. Shanghai /E Luthy. Switzerland
W Pruet. Berlin (F Ilurham, Hampton
C Mannel, Basle " /
GRAND HOTEL.
C A Palm. Sacramento C S Preston, Seattle •
R Davis. Sacramento G B Graham, Fresno
M S Jaffe, Sacto R C Cllne. Los Angeles
J H Heilbronner, Butte Mrs Kennedy, Livermr
J Henry & w, Cal Miss Kennedy. Livrmor
\V Walter. Sacto E M Fragley. Plttsburg
M Langley, Victoria M Gagner. Plttsburg
W G Clark, Seattle W Goldman &. w. Paris
E J Gillen, N V J L Pemlleton. I>ss Gat
H O Arnold, Seattle Geo London, N V
T n Struven & w, Cal H A Billlngton, Boston
E F Thorine & w. Cai A F Hlgglns, Perm
Wm Schaw, Sacto O W Hlldreth, Madera
W Graham. Saoto \V F Irving. Martinez
B T Dunphy, Prjrtland J Hertzbrun & w, Cal
S Karrick, Phoenix M B Fassert. Los. Ang
J J O'Brien. Los Ang/ F P Young. Palo Alto
J Jacobs, NY J Griffin & w, N J
E Nelson, Detroit A Creamer. N J
E F Mettler. Los Ang " J Creamer. N J
E R Seibert, N V Mrs Griswold, Sn Jose
II C Darwin, Seattle J W Selover, Portland
A Williams, Tomales C F Jones Sacto
J B Sherwood, Minn II L Parrott, S D
Mrs J A Gaily. Sn Jose O G Kellogg, Stanford
Mrs Younger, San JoseF Asher. Stanford
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J J Smith, Los Ang IK Dedrick &w. Mass
W H Taylor, Ban Jose D R Vesey & w. Cal
J H Donnelly, Missouri] ll Fitzgerald, Colo
J Cunningham, Mo jW L Frost, Llvermore
E "Wilson, Angel Isld O E McCarthay. Cal
P de Martini. N V E W Mitchell, Waco
J O'Donnell, Fresno J A Donohue. Vallejo
L J GofT. Stockton P F Davis, Marvsville
L II Halversen, Cal J M Brennan, Fresno
C P Chrlstensen, N V
SPECIAL .\OTICES.
MARTIN ARONSOHN. Notary Public— Office
with A. M. Fneek & Co., real estate. 667 Mar-
ket st . cor. Third: telephone Main £98$; resi-
dence 23C3 Geary tt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlrttcns has been established at 1086 Va-
lencia st.
Eagles Will Eat.
Next Monday night San Francisco
Lodge No. 6 of the Fraternal Order of
Eagles will celebrate the first anniversary
of its Institution by a banquet in a down
town restaurant. The feast will be served
at half-past 9 o'clock and the committee
In charge has arranged a fine programme
of entertainment between courses.
A BIUN'CH cfSce for the reception of adver-
tWterrer.ts ana subscriptions has been opened
at 123 Pclk st.: cpen till * p. m.
A BRANCH offioe for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ets. : <-j>en until 8 p. m.
THE O3£s. 119 Third— A (rood rooming house
tor good people. R. HTGHES. Proprietor.
VALENCIA, n2-Tiro nicely furnished rooms
ror light housekeeping; gas and bath; no chil-
dren. -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
ijG^^j^^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
t*j!KgS*V fvb - 20 > -°- Mar - 2 - Change
fcja^KLWttK. V 3V 3 com P anv ' s steamers at
fWwkiM Xa a or Victoria. Vancouver
ggagaJlrgjgU (11. C). Port Townwn.l.
f Seattle, Tacoma. Everett,
Anacortes and New What-
<x>m CU'ash.), 10 a. m., Feb.
20. 25: Mar. 2. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for AlaFka and G. N*. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), S p. m., Feb.
19. 23, 28. Mar. 5. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, Ban Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavtota.
Panta Barhara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m.. Feb. 1«. 20, 24. 28. Mar. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Lot Angeles), 11 a. m..
Feb. 18, 22. 26, Mar. 2, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For En?»enada, Mairdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas iMm.i, 10 a, m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtaia company's
folder.
The company reserves th« right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without rrevious notice.
TJCKKT OFFIVK —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
FHERMAN Apartment House. IS Eighth st.
rear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
Elks Entertain "Tim" Frawley.
San Francisco Lodg-e No. 3, B. P. O. E.,
tendered a reception to T. € Daniel Frawley
at Its lodgerooms after the performance
of "An Unconventional Honeymoon" last
night. It was an Elk affair, but not a
stag party, for there were many ladies
present, including those of the Frawley
company. The lodgerooms, which are
particularly well appointed, were filled
with guests and refreshments were served
from several decorated tables.
There was no programme, and after Mr.
Frawley had been introduced by Exalted
Ruler Manning the affair took the shape
of an informal- reception, at which the
bonds of brotherhood" were cemented and
an abundance of mutual good will was
expressed.
I FARRELL. I?22— Sunny unfurnished front
r.>cra with alcove and use of bath.
F.OTAL House, ire Kill, st. -Incandescent light,
reac.ne; room, smoking room and ladies' par-
icr; rooms, per ni»rht. 25c to II 60; week. 12 to
tt: month. SS to J3O; elevator on offlcs floor;
rooms with hot and cold water- baths
furnished room ln private
MX 5S2r*3 ' JISU - Larre front room, newly fur-
r :^hed fcr hougekeeplng. JlO monthly.
O FARRELL,. 2fr— Sunny furnished rooms and
elevator; electric I1shr«; day. wk.. mo.
°.^ AR S- M 6rS ~CI~ Cle * n - '*»P*etabl«; 25c-U per
right: tl-» per week; Howard cars to door.
V l^tsJT'- ccrner . Eirhth-Newly furnished
ta> -window room. SI per we*k; transient.
HICKORT aye., in, near Gou*h-JS; 2 laree
fur.r.y rumished rooms.
HANCOCK House. TSI Mission— Select family
rocm'.r.g hruse; |1 £0 to « per week.
FRANKLIN*. :i (New-port House)— Sunny rooms
tay windows: run. water; ca»; $i 25 to $1 50."
CAP.r.OLLTON'. l? 06 Market, cor. Golden Gats
iv».- Fur.r.y corner: well furn.; nns. & offices.
CVRNETT. 14T6 Market st. <old No. 1864)— F\ir-
r.itbed m»., suites, single; also unfurnlihed.
RATLBOAP TBAVEL.
MCTHIH3I PACIFIC COMPANY.
¦ (rACirio hytteiO
: TrmlM l*»v« M(l nr» «lv« ••» irrlt. at*
NAN- FItAKCIHCO.
(Main Lite, Foot of Market Stmt)
j is*vs — Fkom Dxcxubzb 15, 1339. — abut*
! •7:00* Brr.icia, Sulsnn. Elicixa, VicatUla,
Rouxey and Socr*:nento •? M3 r
; *T>*«a. Sfc&at* Express— DaTi* Willow*
R«a Blurt Portland *7t-»3»
I •TtSftA Martinez. Saa I: imon. V»l>jo. N*p*.
i Calistcg»-»Da Santa I^>sa *UiJ3*
j *9tB*A The Oexland Limited— Osdan, Den.
»er. DEcah.x Chicago *3i139
! •Sia»*Ban Jo«e. Uwmore. Htoekton,
lore. Sacramanto. FlicerriUa,
Msrystnie, Chico. UeJ llluff Mill*
•"«»•* 'Milton. OaiJale anil tkraora *451.1r
•O : ®«» H»yw»rds. Nile* and Way Stations. '11:13*
**:O«a Daii* Woodland. KnljhU Laodlng.
MarysTille. Oro? iile_ •7»-l3»
?9ifl»4 Atlantis Rxprcas— Ogden and East *9i43*
•»ioo± Marlines, Tracj, Lathrop. Stockton.
Mere ¦(] sail Fre*no. •12i13p
••¦•«* PcrtCoita. Fresno. Mojara and Loa
Aneelfs # «r43p
•10:00 1 VaUejo, Martinez ami Way Stations •«: t.ir
•I I :OO a Hsywarda. Nilcs ard Way Stations. *2t*3»
•l3:OOu JJUea, LlTermore. Stockton. Hacrv
¦lento. Mendota. Uanford, ViaaUa»
; rcrterrille *••!•¦
I fl:4>tr Sacramento Ki»tr Bte«roers tft:O4>*>
¦S:OOr Haywards, Nik* and Way SUtlont. *ai l»»
•«:«Or Manlue*. bau lUmoii, Vallejo,
N»p*. CalUtoga. SaaiU Rosa *9illa
•*ii«r Benlete. V»ca»i!l<\ rJacrainantot
Wooulaml. Kulcbts Landing.
MarynUle. Oro*U:« al«:-l9*a l«:-l9*
'tiS^rtltla*, San Jose and Stockton *7il3a>
•••••rTbs Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakexsfleld. baagas fcr 3anta> Bar-
bara, Los ADRslea. M*M3a
«3:00r Eucs-t limited— El Puo, !<'gw Or.
leans aad East «lAil3a
•3tB»p Stccktou, Merced. Fresno M2:ia»
•9<3«r Fresiiq, lukersiiel.l. rJaitU Barbara,
... Los AEft-elea, Deminc El Paso,
New Orleans and East *Si4l3a
•SißOp Banta T» ltoutc — AtUutlo Ezpreaa
far Mojat« ami Eaxe •«t4.lr
••tO»rHsywarua.Ni!c9andSau Jose «7i-«»a
t«i3op Vallejo *19i13p
¦OiSur Oriental Mail— Ogden and Fast *Si3*r
t?<o9r Vallejo, Foil Costa aiid Way Sta-
tion*. J»:33»
•9:03 r Orefouand Calif oroia Ex press, Has- .;. ¦
riuueuto. MarrtTllle. Rerfilfnt;.
Poitiaml. Pimi hound ami Kart *««t3a
439 AVT MflfttOa (Nnrroir fllMsV
(Foot of Market Street.)
•SilSa Newark, Centerrille.San Jose, Felton,
Bonlder Creck.feanta Cmz and Way
BUtlons »3i34r»
tSilSr Newark. Ceoterrllle, Kan Jose, New
Ahnaden. I'eltoa. liouider Creek.
rj»nt» Cruz and I'tiudpal Was
Buttons t l "' 3 ''*
•4il3> Xewark. San Jose. Los Gatos. *»¦*<»*
tll:13r Hunters' Excursion. Saa Jca* aad
WayHtattona r?'***
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
toaSlX raiXCISU-r-Jot of Hirkit Slrwt (Sii? *)—
•7:15 •:«) 11:00».M. tI:C3 •2:03 t3:S3
•iC3 tS:C3 *6:C3p.m.
ri«noilUS3— faot •r3roai.tr.— "fl.CO 8:C0 10:03 A.M.
tI2:Z3 '1:03 t»:53 »3:C3 HZ3 S:Kr.».
COAST DirtSlOa (Droa.l Gaage).
(ThlrJ and TorrcaonJ SU.)
4walOA Ocean View. rJou'h ban ir»acisco.. \6i3iSr
*7iOOa Sail Jose ami Yiuy Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdajiouly) •li*rt»
j *ttO«A tea Jose. Trn I'likm. S.uit* rrtis.
I ' PaciOo <Iro««. I'aso Uubles. San
! f T.iits Cblai>o. Surf. Lampoo aud
Principal Way Stntions •lil«»
•I«i4»« Ban Josa an.t Way Stations *H:3.la
•11130 a Ban Jnse ami Way Htsttoiis. *3i3u»
«ti<3r San Mateo, Uedwoori, Menlo Park.
I Ftlo Alta SanU Clan, San Jose,
TrM Picos. SanU Cmz, SaUaaa,
Monterey »n.l l'aollio Gi0t5...... tlfl:3«*
f Si3*p flaa Josa and Way Sutlous *7t3»v
! fltlSr SanJosaaml Principal Way Stations »!»:I3 4
> fSraxtr San Jos* and Principal Way SUUons i»:«'»*
! «»:3©r San Joso ami Principal Way StaUoca •«i3.'l*
; *G:3or San Joss and Way 5tati0n5......... f:O«*
Mli4Bp San Job and Way SUtloni *7»30r
BOHEMIA. 23? Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny cor-
r.er pulte and clogie rooms: hot and cold
water; elevator and a.l conveniences.
A-'THE ELMER HOUSE." 824 Bush «.. ad-
jc'.r.ir.g the Russ Hotel; 84 rocras: all prices.
Schr Guide. Olsen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Roy Somers. Solland. Honolulu.
Schr Webfoot. Mercer. Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Barbara Hemsier, Linbent. Usal.
- ' TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 16. 10 p m— Weather
hazy: wind NW. velocity 8 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS
LONDON. Feb 16— Br ship Amohltrlte. from
Oregon, for Queenstown. previously reported
having put into Fayal, has been surveyed and
It was recommended discharging part of her
cartro. There Is 18 feet of water In forepeak.
Jettisoned 900 bags of cargoi. Part of cargo Is
damaged. Steam pumps will be at work as
soon as possible.
BIUSLAW, Feb 16— Schr Berwick, previously
reported a3hore, has been floated.
PORTLAND. Or. Feb 16— Ger ship Margre
tha, previously reported In collision Jan 16 with
Ger bark Magdalene, has now loaded half
cargo, and has been leaking since last night
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD — Arrived Feb 15 — Stmr
Whitesboro, hence Feb 15.
FORT ROSS^-Arrived Feb 16-Schr Nettle
Sundborg. hence Feb 13.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb IS— Bktn Geo C Per
kins, for Hllo; stmr National City, for .
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 16— Schr H D Ben
dlxsen. from Porf>Town»end.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 16— Schr Beutah.
hence Feb 2. :
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 1»-Schr Gem. hence
Jan 21.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 18-Bark Tlda!
Wave, for Tacoma. Feb 15— Stmr Sequoia, for
: stmr Despatch, for .
Arrived Feb 1« — Bark Oakland, from Everett.
USAL— Arrived Feb IS— Stmr Navarpo. hence
Feb 15.
Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran
cisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 16— Stmr Nbyo. for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 14— Br rtmr Arab,
from Oregon.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Feb 15— Stmr Costa Rica.
for Manzanillo.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Jan 18— Br ship Samari
tan, for Portland.
DELAOOA BAY— Arrived Feb 14— Br ship
Lady Isabella, from Tacoma.
COLON— Arrived Feb 14— Br stmr Athos. from
New York.
Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Finance, for New York.
PANAMA— Arrived Feb 6— Br shlu Melanope,
from Newcastle. NSW*.
LlZARD— Passed Feb 14— Ft boric d'Uguaa
clin, hence Oct 11. for Queenstown.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Feb 15— Br itmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
SHIELDS— SaiIed Feb 14— Br shin Crown of
India, for San Francisco,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived 'F*b 16— Stmr Lucanla.
from New York, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
McCoy, and grandson of the late James A.
Prltchard, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years 8 months and 7 days.
W-J~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 679 Pennsylvania avenue, be-
tween Twenty-eecond and Twenty-third
streets, thence to St. Teresa's Church for
services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LAUSTEN— In this city. February 16, WOO.
Hans Lausten, father of Mrs. H. M. Petersen.
Mrs. P. Raesrauseen and Mrs. Hans Kamp.
a native of North Slesvig, Denmark, aged S5
years 5 months and 7 days.
G7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 717 Treat avenue, near Twentieth
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEE— In this city, February 14. 1900. Dixon
Louis Lee. beloved husband of Rosetta Sedge-
ley Lee, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years. t
lETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Mission Masonic Tern-
pie, 2668 Mission street, under the auspices of
Mission Lodge No. 169. Interment Laurel
HIII Cemetery.
McCOURT— In Yountvllle, Napa County, Feb-
ruary 14, 1900, Joseph McCourt. beloved
brother of Ellen, Mar}' and James McCourt,
a native of Ireland, aged 70 years. (Phila-
delphia papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
» services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McMENOMY— In this city, February 16. 1900,
Charles, beloved son of Margaret and the
late Michael McMenomy, and brother of
Nicholas and Christopher McMenomy, Mrs.
F. Suhllng and the late John McMenomy, a
native of San Francisco. A member of San
Francisco Camp No. 437. Woodmen of tha
World.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 68 Hancock street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Church and San-
chez, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of hla soul at 10:30 o'clock. In-
teipnent Holy Crocs Cemetery.
MAYR— In this city. February 16. 1900, Louis
Mayr. a native of Germany, aged 30 years and
2 months.
C7"R«;rnalns at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 636 Washington street.
MERRITT-In this city, February 16, 1900, Jo-
seph, beloved husband of Catherine Merrltt,
and father of Joseph H., William and George
Merrltt and Mrs. K. Cunningham, a native of
Cornwall. England, aged 64 years.
O'CONNELL— In South San Francisco. Febru-
ary 16. 1300, Thomas O'Connell, beloved hus-
band of Mary A. O'Connell, and father of
Mrs. Daniel Harrington and William, Frank
and Edward O'Connell. a native of Nan-
tucket, Mass.. aged 64 years.
PEPPERMAN— In this city, February 16. 1900.
Peter J. Pepperman, beloved husband of Mrs.
M. B. Pepperman, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 36 years. A member of Court Mount
Diablo No. US, F. of A. (Alleghany City
papers please copy.)
C7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
raunday). at 10:20 o'clock, from the funeral
rW^'ors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street.
near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
ten-.
RIDDLE— In this city, February 16. 1900. Mary
H., beloved daughter of Albert and Maggie
Riddle, and sister of Florence and Jcanette
Riddle, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 1 day.
RIEDINGER— In this city. February 15, 1900.
Laura, beloved daughter of William and
Helena Rledineer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 yeans and 2 months.
C^Frieniis and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 3012 Twenty-sixth street.
thence to St. Anthony's Church for services.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SCHOENFELDER— In Oakland, February 15.
1900. Walburga, beloved wife of John Schoen-
felder, a native of Baden, Germany, aged 64
years 5 months and 25 dsys.
ICTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at the
family residence. 1183 Willow street. West
Oakland. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
San Francisco.
SELIGO— In this city, February IS. 1900. Maria
Julia Seligo, dearly beloved daughter of Am-
brose and Mary Seligo, and sister of The-
resa and Anna Seligo, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 2 years 2 months and IS days.
6ERNAU— In this city, February 15, 1900, Wil-
liam D., beloved son of John and Annie Ser-
nau. grandaon of Delia Clyne, and nephew of
Thomas Clyne. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 9 months.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 109 South Park. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
SHAW— In this city. February 14. 1900. Stephen
W. Shaw (artist), beloved husband of Lucre-
tia S. Shaw, a native of Vermont, aged h2
years and 2 months.
(CFriends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No. 1,
F. and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
STCLZ— Killed In action in CalumDlt. P. 1.,
April 24, 1599, Charles Stulz, beloved son of
Mr. and Mrs. William Stulz. and beloved
brother of William, Ametla, Fred, Henry.
f Frank and George Stulz, a native of Santa
Rosa, sged 24 years and 4 months.
(?''Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Y. M. C.
A. building. Presidio. Interment National
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, February 16. 1900,
Samuel Sullivan, late of Courtland, Sacra-
mento County, Cal., beloved husband of
Catherine Sullivan, and father of John
Sullivan, and brother dt Mrs. James Mc-
Carthy and the late William Sullivan, a na-
tive of County Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerai to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
VIMONT— In the City and County Hospital.
February 16. 1300. Edward Vimont, a native of
France, aged 43 years.
WAGNER— In this city, February 15. 1900, An-
ton Phillip, dearly beloved husband of Mary
M. Wagner, father of Maude, Aubrey and
LUlle Wagner, and son of Phillip and the late
Marie Wagner, a native of Alsace, aged 52
years and 13 days. A member of Pacific Lodge
No. 155, I. 0.. O. F.; Fidelity Lodge No. 138.
A. O. U. W. ; American Council No. 7, Chosen
Friends; Myrtle Lodge. K. of P.; Court Jus-
tire No. 16. F. of A., and Butchers' Board of
Trade.
irXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 2 oVlock, from his late resi-
dence. 1249 California street, near Leaven-
worth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COI'RT Justice No. 16. F. of A.— The officers
and members of Court Justice No. 16, F. of
A., are hereby requested to assemble at 1249
California street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Anton Phillip Wagner. By order
EDWARD C. BREHM, Chief Ranger.
A. F. BRINKMAN, Fin. Seo.
O. C. F. — Members of America Council No. 7,
Order of Chonen Friends, are hereby re-
quested to assemble at 1249 California street,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late friend, Anton
Phillip Wagner. By order
A. F. PFENDLER. Councilor.
J. M. MORAIS. Secretary.
WALL— In Oakland, February 15, 1900 Kittle
E., widow of the late Jesse S. Wall, a na-
tive of Tennessee.
WEMMER— In Agnews, February 16, 1900 Mr
Wemmer. beloved husband of Annie Wemmer'
and father of Albert Van Wemmer. a native
of Ohio, aged 39 years.
CTTuneral private.
WILLIAMS— In this city. February U, lsoo
Annie Williams, beloved wife of David J
Williams, mother of George Dijeau, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Earnest R. Gercken and
sister of William and Charles Gercken and
Susan Denu. a native of San Francisco aeed
33 years and 25 days. ' X a
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street
thence to Native Sons' Hall. Mason street'
between Post and Geary, where services will
be held under the auspices of Alta Parlor
No. 3. N. D. Q. W.. at 2 o'clock. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ALTA Parlor No. S. N. D. O. W.-Officers and
members are requested to attend the funeral
of our late sister, Mrs. Annie Williams
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, rrom N s'
G. W. Hall. 414 Mason street. Ry order of
MISS M. MILLER. President
C. L. FAULKNER. Secretary.
WOLTERS —In this city. George Clarana
Wolters. beloved son of John and Lily Wolt-
ers, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months
and 10 days.
TRAINING SCHOOL
FOR ROUGH RIDERS
Colorado's New Military
Institution.
DENVER, Colo.. Feb. 16.— A school for
the training of rough riders and sharp
shooters Is to be established In Colorado.
It will be known as the Colorado School
for Rough Riders and Sharpshooters and
will be officered by some of the best mili
tary men In the country. Engineers are
already laying out a camp site In the
Shenandoah Valley, in the western part
of Colorado, on Government land secured
for the purpose through the General Land
Office.
The preliminary expense of this school
will be borne by the State of Colorado,
and recruits will be taken from all parts
of the world. It is said that already a re
quest' has come from England for per
mission for twenty young Englishmen to
attend it. Such men as Governor C. S.
Thomas of Colorado, Adjutant General
Overmeyer of Colorado, Brigadier Gen
eral Hale of the First Colorado Volunteers
and General Sumner of the Department of
the Colorado are lending their support to
the enterprise.
Word was received from C. D. Gurley
of Denver, who is now In New York, that
a recruiting station would be opened at
57 Broadway. New York City, on Mon
day. Stations will be opened in Chicago
and Denver also.
Jlr. Gurley also writes that one thou
sand applications for admission have been
received. Only young men between 18 and
24 years of age will be received. , Enlist
ment Is for one year, each man to sup
ply his own outfit and rations. General
Joseph Wheeler will be asked to com
mand the force made up from members
of the school.
MABBIAQE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued' as follows:
.nrtM^" X- S etcnen - "• ««IA. Minna street,
T^h« V». Ar l dersen ' n - ni 8 Howard street.
John jchmi dti 61 _ m M ontgomer>- avenue, and
Tnv l xHv F « sle n. *L Sansome and Jackson.
T\ln £ ,H, Ha y es . *'• 215 Perry street, and Lir-
WMi.f ol^'-., 27 - 32 « H»rriaoi street.
K«n"o? m Culle >". *S. 10S Railroad avenue. South
avenue ' and Ma(tBie Burke. 25, Sixth
wSerlfr™ rt B t J7 a * n ' * 5< clty ' * nd A - lex -
Lorent 'sat^rius. 81. city, and Katherine A.
Claffey, 20. city.
. Sf 1 */ 1 ' 6 L-Kennard.L -Kennard. 25. 60S^ Francisco street,
avenu- rtrPlna Xa * atvaroff . *• M 1 Montgomery
* H^ Ty E7E 7 " B*.8 *. W. 215 Kearny street, and Emma
A. Brown. Si. 62S Golden Gate avenue.
Georjre M. Powers. 36, city, and Mary E. Blm-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBKUARY 17, 1900.
" -i m "flfc-^T^W"
Notice to Mariners
UMPQUA RIVER, COAST OF OREGON—
Notice Is hereby given that Umpqua River
Outside Bar Buoy, a black and white perpen
dicularly striped first-class can, has gone adrift
from Its position about IVi miles outside the
bar. It will be replaced on Its station as early
as practicable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1900, pages 38 and 44.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
B. D. TAUSSIG,
Commander. U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February IS. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Pun rises S:SS
Sun sets 5:51
Moon rises 8:53 p. m.
A fat Mornisj P for Afternoon.
* Dally. t Sunday except*!. t Bvadaj only.
6 Saturday onty.
ATKKIin sad Friday* « Tbrindafß and !tan<J»T*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F*rry. Foot of Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 v. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00. G;2O D. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:45.
3:40. 5:10 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. »:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m
Between San Francisco and Sehuetzsn Park
same schedule aa above.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From St>ear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF 5' 2 First Class Including BertH
THiIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. 9. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Feb. 23. March t, 14. 24
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
glve:i are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the deoth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOK, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Pt. Louis Feb. 21|St. Paul March 14
Friesland Feb. :«|Kensington ..March 21
New York March 7iNew Tork March 23
RED STAR LINE.
New/ York, ctjd Antwerp.
From New-York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Noordland Feb. 21 Westernland .March 14
Friesiand Feb. 23 Kensington ..March 21
Southwark ...March 7 Noordland ...March 2S
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcrjael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
30 Montgomery »t., or any of its agencies.
Leave .1; Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 13, '
Week Sun- ISW. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. ' Days.
7:30 am <:oQam| Novato. 10:40 am [ 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. 6:05 pm:10:25 am
S:10 pm 5:00 pm' Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm{ 6:23 pm
Fulton.
T:3O am Windsor. 10:23 an»
Healdsburg, ™ !
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:23 pra
7:30 am f fHopland and I I
1 8:00 amj Uklah. j 7:35 pm[ «:2» prq
7:30 am! i 110:13 am
8:00 am| Guemevtlle. 7:K pm;
3:30 pmj j j (:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 amj 8:40 am
and t
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. <:05 pm, 8:23 pm
7:30 ami S:CO am! Sebastopol. 110:40 am:iO:!s am
3:30 pm| s:'» pm [ 7:35 pmt 8:22 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springa. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springa. Soda Bay. Lalce-
port and Bartlett Springs ; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's.
Bucknell's. Sannedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"*
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllitta. Laytonvtlle, Cum-
ming's. BelTs Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices SCO Market st.. Chronicle bldjr.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. .
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan «>treet3, 1 p. m
for YOKAHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
or sailing.
AMERICA MARU , Wednesday. March 7
HONGKONG MARU Saturday. March 31
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 25
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratea. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st., corner First
W. 11. AVERT. General Agent.
IfMftad tk fil sfl 12. ""* vla Honolulu and
BM'/f-aLfc A . uckl * n<l for Sydney
rtj <fs lSat ¦ Wednesday. Feb. 21,
W WjWi/'^ L' A at Sp. m.
OfS^n^lilSlilD 4-'4 -' Th » S - 3 - Australia
XJ%P^ fORIBfIRy- Wednesday. March I.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc. ; $610 first class.
i. b. sr-rtttririLb & s.-iua. CO., Agts.. 114 Mentoomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAONIE GENEBALE TBASBATLANTIQTJS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of Olirfs»
Saturday, from November I, 1899^ at ***w«»
10 a. m., from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton St.: LA OASCOQNE. Feb. 22; LA TOU-
RAINE, March 1; LA BRETAGNE. March 8;
L'AQUITAINE, March 15. First class to
Havre, $60 and upward: S par cent reduction on
round trip. Second clasa to Havre. $45: 6 per
cent reduction on round trip. OENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 33 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific
Coast Agents. S Montgomery aye.. San Fran-
CISCOk -;¦¦-.' -
BAY AND BIVEB . STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJoT
Steamer "Montieella."
MOM., Tuea.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:45
a. m. ; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE .....Mo
•-Ska
11
Steamer. I From. I Due.
:—: — I . ;—; — -
South Portland. |Oyster Harbor IFeb. 17
Senator iSeattle (Feb. 1*
Aberdeen |Portland |Feb. 17
Coob Bay (Newport |Feb. U
Empire iCoos Bay |Feb. H
B Thompson... [Oyster Harbor |Feb. IS
State jr Cal jJ'nrtland ib'eb. v
Tellun (Oyster Harbor [Feb. 19
Corona 'San Dlegro Feb. 20
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 21
Homer Portland !F»b. 20
Peru Panama Feb. 20
Willamette Seattle (Feb. JO
Urratilla iVictorla & Puget Sound Feb. 21
Matteawan [Tacoma IFeb. 21
Orizaba |Humboldt |Feb. 21
Bontta Newport IFeb. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb. 22
North Fork Humboldt (Feb. 23
Columbia .' Portland IFeb. 24
Pomona San Diego IFeb. 24
Samoa Humboldt Feb. Z4
America Mam.. China and Japan (Feb. "U
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
i ______
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 24
City of Rio China & Japan Feb. 17, 1 pm PMSS
It. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 17. 2pm Pier 2
A. Blanch' <i Coos Bay Ffb. 17. spm Pier 13
Tillamook ..jTillamook Feb. 17, 6pm Pier 2
Pomona ... San Diego Feb. IS, 11 amjPler II
Xorth Fork Humboldt Feb. 18, 9am Pier t
Orizaba ...Humboldt Feb. IS, 2pm Pier J
Cltyof Para Panama Feb. 19, 13 m PMSS
Walla Wa. Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 20. 10 am Pier 9
Coca Bay... Newport Feb. 20. Sam Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 20. 10 am Pier 13
Aberdeen .. Puget Sound.. Feb. 20, 5 pm Pier 2
Alameda ... Sydney Feb. 21. Bpm Pier 7
State of Cal Portland Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 24
Corona San Diego Feb. 22. 11 am Pier ll
Arcata Cooa Bay Feb. 22, 10 am Pier 13
Homer Oregon Ports. Feb. 22 T
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 24. Sam Pier 11
Steamer. I From. I Due.
:—: — I . ;—; — -
South Portland. |Oyster Harbor IFeb. 17
Senator iSeattle (Feb. 1*
Aberdeen |Portland |Feb. 17
Coob Bay (Newport |Feb. U
Empire iCoos Bay |Feb. H
B Thompson... [Oyster Harbor |Feb. IS
State jr Cal jJ'nrtland ib'eb. v
Tellun (Oyster Harbor [Feb. 19
Corona 'San Dlegro Feb. 20
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 20
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 21
Homer Portland !F»b. 20
Peru Panama Feb. 20
Willamette Seattle (Feb. JO
Urratilla iVictorla & Puget Sound Feb. 21
Matteawan [Tacoma IFeb. 21
Orizaba |Humboldt |Feb. 21
Bontta Newport IFeb. 22
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb. 22
North Fork Humboldt (Feb. 23
Columbia .' Portland IFeb. 24
Pomona San Diego IFeb. 24
Samoa Humboldt Feb. Z4
America Mam.. China and Japan (Feb. "U
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
i ______
Columbia .. Portland Feb. 17. 10 am Pier 24
City of Rio China & Japan Feb. 17, 1 pm PMSS
It. Arena.. Point Arena.. Feb. 17. 2pm Pier 2
A. Blanch' <i Coos Bay Ffb. 17. spm Pier 13
Tillamook ..jTillamook Feb. 17, 6pm Pier 2
Pomona ... San Diego Feb. IS, 11 amjPler II
Xorth Fork Humboldt Feb. 18, 9am Pier t
Orizaba ...Humboldt Feb. IS, 2pm Pier J
Cltyof Para Panama Feb. 19, 13 m PMSS
Walla Wa. Vie & Pgt Sd. Feb. 20. 10 am Pier 9
Coca Bay... Newport Feb. 20. Sam Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt Feb. 20. 10 am Pier 13
Aberdeen .. Puget Sound.. Feb. 20, 5 pm Pier 2
Alameda ... Sydney Feb. 21. Bpm Pier 7
State of Cal Portland Feb. 22. 10 am Pier 24
Corona San Diego Feb. 22. 11 am Pier ll
Arcata Cooa Bay Feb. 22, 10 am Pier 13
Homer Oregon Ports. Feb. 22 T
Bonlta San Pedro Feb. 24. Sam Pier 11Come, See.
Big Presents
WUb Coffee
"Wltli Tea
With Spice*
With Baking: Powder
Come Just to See.
Great Americas Importinff Tea Col
Stores Evexrrwlicxe,
*<m» Stores*
If you -want a good laugh,
look at page 11 of next Sun
day's Call. Clever pictures of
our San Francisco notables
in well-known theatrical roles.
Ton' will see many familiar
faces there. Very, odd and
unique.
The Foresters' Bazaar.
Last night little Tryphlnla Pritchard,
the child wonder, and a number of her
classmates gave a - musical . and literary
entertainment in the Foresters' building,
preparatory -to . the bazaar ¦which opens
to-night in the Social Hall. Little Try
phinia recited "The Soldier Tramp" and
also gaye ' a patriotic dance. After the
children came the adults, who danced
till midnight. The bazaar will be held
under the auspices of all the local courts.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
COWARDICE THE
CHARGE AGAINST
OFFICER NORTON
Accused by a Fellow
Policeman.
HIS STAR IN DANGER
GOT COLD FEET DURING A
HOT SCRAP.
?
Patrolman Porter Left to Battle
Alone With a Ruffian Whom
He Had Under
Arrest.
Police Officer Norton of the Seventeenth
street station is in deep disgrace. For
mal charges of cowardice have been pre
ferred against him and if what his su
perior officers say is true he will have
a hard time in saving his star.
A short time ago a young man named
Ford, while under the influence of liquor,
created a disturbance at Twenty-fifth and
Florida streets. Norton and a. fellow-offi
cer named Porter were standing a short
distance away and, seeing the disturb
ance, they started to arrest Ford. The
latter made a determined resistance,
striking Porter in the face and trying to
butt Norton. The latter at this Juncture
got cold feet and retreated amid the jeers
or the onlookers, leaving' his brother offi
cer to battle alone with the drunken ruf
w v v? cIe I a desperate struggle, during
which his face was severely battered and
nis uniform irreparably ruined. Porter se
cured a half Nelson hold on Ford and
threw him to the ground. After he had
securely handcuffed him Norton, seeing
that the trouble was over, returned to the
scene and with a triumphant cry snapped
his handcuffs on the prisoner's wrists
against the protest of his fellow-police
man.
Ford was then hustled in the patrol
wagon and removed to the Seventeenth
street station. On seeing the condition
of Porter Captain Gillen asked him for
an explanation. Porter told of his fight
with the prisoner and Norton's apparent
cowardice in deserting him after hostili
ties commenced. Glllln then ordered Por
ter to prefer charges against Norton.
The accused policeman emphatically de
nied that he ran away after being struck
by Ford. He says he was temporarily
disabled In the first round by a kick in
the stomach and that he was forced to
retreat in order to recover his wind. He
returned to the encounter, he says, in a
very brief space of time and assisted in
placing Ford In the patrol wagon.
The hearing of the charges will come
up before the Commissioners at their next
meeting. Porter, has subpenaed a num
ber.'of spectators to the scrap who. It. ls
claimed , will swear positively that Nor
ton took to bis heels after being struck a
THE Investigation of the Spring Val
ley Water Company by the Board
of Supervisors reached last night a
practical conclusion, and on next
Friday night the board will prob-
ably begin the actual fixing of the.
rates. The cession last night was of ex
ceptional Interest, particularly in those
phase? of it in which an attempt wis
made to establish a total valuation of
the holdings of the corporation. Repre
sentatives of the company who gave testi
mony lnslFt that the property, exclusive
of the franchise, which ie so heavily
taxed, is worth at least JSO.W.OOO. and
that a 6 per cent interest on J26.000.000 or
J27.000.000 should b<? guaranteed by the
city. Mayor Phelan. a? far as his ques
tions commit him to a statement, believes
that the guaranteed interest should be
allowed or.ly on a valuation of JIS.OOCW.
or. at the most. Ca.WO.OOO.
While Pelham W. Ames, secretary of
the Spring Valley "Water Company, -was
on the rtand giving a detailed statement
of the revenue ar.d current and running
expenses of the corporation the discussion
look a general turn, in which Attorney
K«riopp. Hermann Schussler. the Mayor
and several Supervisors took an active
part. This discussion proved to be one
cf the most interesting phases of the ses
sion, its motive being to determine the
one critical point of the whole Investiga
tion.
This objective point is the value of the
property of the Spring Valley Water
Company. If that can be determined the
rest is eajFy sailing, as the Supervisors
ere pledged to g!ve the corporation a 5
per cent interest tipon its investment.
Hermann Schussler. the chief engineer of
the company, succeeded in interrupting
the examination of Mr. Ames, which was
concerned minutely with an analysis of
expenses, operating expenditures, bond
Jntcre«=t and costs of new work. Schus
eler declared that the problem is a com
paratively easy one. He said that the
Board of Supervisors certainly can find
some way In which to give the company
a fOMt Income on a fair valuation of Its
property. He declared that too much
had already been done by the local au
thorities to injure the credit of the com
pany, to discourage it in the field in
which it labors and to jeopardize the In
terests of the stockholders.
"Oh. but they are gamblers." inter
rupted the Mayor, "and must take their
chances."
"Perhaps." said Schussler, with a shrug
cf his shoulders, and resumed his dlscus
eion. He ln?l«ted that the city has now
enormous power and should look upon
the water company as an agent in whose
success the city is interested. He asked
what possible reason there can be In an
effort to ruin the works which are ad
mittedly the standard in the United
States.
This brought Supervisor Reed to his
feet with a volley of questions. He in
sisted that the company not only wants
a 5 p«r cent Income on the value of its
holdings, but upon its mortgages, bonds,
stock, interest, expenditures, taxes and
running expenditures as well.
Bchussl<--r replied quickly that if mort
gages and the expenditure of money rais
ed by the bonds contribute to the value
of the holding then they certainly should
draw interest as forming part of the
company's property. But Supervisor
Reed was not dismayed. He aFked Schus
eW to give the board a statement of
values. The engineer at first said he
was unable to do so. tut it seemed to be
the critical point of the entire Inquiry.
still unpaid, and he thought It was ab
solutely uncollectible, and he voiced the
opinion that at the end of this fiscal year
the water company would not get a cent.
Chief Clerk Booker stepped forward at
that moment and called attention to the
bills that the Mayor had trimmed "with
a sharp pruning knife, and the Mayor de
fended himself by saying that they ex
ceeded the appropriation.
Mr. Kellogg was asked by the Mayor
whether $60 for each hydrant was not a
fair price, and his reply caused laughter.
He paused a moment and in a half whis
per said: "If you were to ask me pri
vately I would say I would rather have
a rate for hydrants less and charge the
householders more, because we can collect
rrcm them, but not from the city."
"But you don't collect some of your
bills from the householders," persisted the
Mayor.
"Well," answered Attorney Kellogg,
we furnish them water, and if they can't
pay it, why we let it go."
"And I presume you include these un
paid^ bills In your charity account?"
"No, sir; our charity account represents
what we spend in assisting our old and
disabled employes, or when they are dead
in helping to defray the expenses of <helr
burial." J
Mr. Ames was invited to the witness
stand a second time, and the Mayor asked
mm if he had brought an itemized adver
tising account. He replied that he had
not brought the necessary information.
He was then asked and named the boar*
of directors and he was further asked to
state the number of shares held by each
He answered that he could not do it from
memory.' The Mayor in his next ques
tion tried tp show that the directors indi
vidually held very few shares in the com
pany, but he was contradicted by Mr
Ames who stated that Thomas Brown
and Homer S. King each represented
many thousand shares.
"Stock Is held by a great many people
°, £°, , not attend the meetings of the
stockholders?"
"There are a great many stockholders "
was the reply.
The Mayor reverted to the advertising
account. He expressed the wish that th"
witness secure the much wanted informa
tion. He said that the city had a right
to know how the money had been spent
bupervisor Brandenstein took his cue from
the Mayor s remarks and made a motion
to have Mr. Ames furnish the member?
of the board with an itemized account As
there was no seconding voice heard the
Mayor turned to Supervisor Curtis and
told him to second the motion, which he
accordingly did.
An informal discussion then followed, in
«l cn i , Attorney Kellogg participated. He
said the company had no trouble with
the ratepayers and he did not think they
wanted relief. "We have eighty-seven
thousand consumers," he said. "Out of
that lot only one person has complained
of the rates, and that was a shipper, who
did so through his bookkeeper. It only
shows that we are doing satisfactory
work at a satisfactory price."
Mr. Schussler then asked the commit
tee whether it was satisfied with his val
uation and if they were not he would
prove it to them. "I am satisfied." he
said, "that the water works is worth in
excess of thirty million dollars "
John H. Bullock, the bookkeeper of a
shipping firm, referred to earlier In the
meeting by Attorney Kellogg, was then
placed on the stand and testified to rates
paid by his employer for water which
was sent out of the city. He was sub
jected to a sharp cross-examination by
Mr. Kellogg, and In the midst of it Su
pervisor Tobln arose and stated that the
members of the committee were satisfied
with the information already elicited and
the witness was excused.
The committee then reported progress
and adjourned to meet next Friday even
ing to resume its investigation into water
rates.
Appointments at Napa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Feb. 16.— The Board of Super
visors on Thursday afternoon appointed
Theodore M. Marols as Justice of the
Peace for Napa Township to fill the va
cancy caused by the resignation of "Wil
liam Bradford. Marols is a young attor
ney of this city and his appointment
In Honor of St. Patrick.
St. -Patrick's day is to be fittingly cele
brated by Division No. I, "Ancient Order of
Hibernians. At a regular meeting held
last night it was resolved to honor the
day by a grand demonstration consisting
of musical, literary and social features.
As the affair will be complimentary the
tickets will be limited to members and
their friends. Next • Monday night the
various committees will be appointed.
Dr. Parker's Couch Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It AH dru«r!ats. •
If Buller can cross the Tusela
And capture the slippery Boer,
His name will be almost as famous
As that of the old "Jesse Moore."
smelters and turned out much of this
valuable metal from the ores of that sec
tion. Another venture was that of quick
silver mining, these interests lying in So
noma and Lake counties.
Although a busy man, Mr. Hotallng
found time for pleasure and travel, and
every part of the coast from San Diego
to Behrlng Sea was as familiar to him
as a map. In company ¦with his son and
namesake he recently paid a visit to the
Interesting spots of the Old World. For
the last year or two he remained close to
his home, on Franklin . and California
streets. ; >
Mr. Hotallng was well blessed with
sons, four reaching man's estate. Anson
P. Jr. and George have preceded their
father across the river, leaving as sur
vivors Richard M. and Frederick C. to
care for the big estate. Richard Hotal
ing Is a member of the present Board of
Supervisors.
The funeral will- take place on Sunday
at 10 a. m., at Masonic Temple, under
the auspices of California Lodge No. 1.
F. and A. M. '
THE LATE A. P. HOTALING.
ness that Mr. Hotaling made his upward
progress In the world. Back in the 'bOa
he began trading in the South Seas and
among the Russian settlers along the
Amoor River, his vessels sailing back and
forth according to the seasons. So profit
able were his trading ventures that he
extended his business in 1877 to the Aus
tralian colonies. While operating at -a
distance. Mr. Hotaling was not blind to
the opportunities near home. Realizing
the future greatness of San Francisco.
he purchased large parcels of land all
over the peninsula, and some of the most
valuable holdings to-day lie at the many
approaches to Golden Gate Park". Across
the bay in San Rafael he established a
bank. In several of the larger cities of
Oregon and Washington he purchased
valuable real estate, and everywhere he
placed foot there he started some sort of
commercial enterprise.
One venture was in the development of
the iron Industry of this State. In com
pany with other men of means Mr. Hota
ling created the village of Hotallng, in
Placer County, bought land, erected
Cloakmakers Receiving Aid.
Encouraging reports were received from
the locked-out cloakmakers' committee,
to which the collection of funds from the
various labor unions was referred at the
last meeting of the Labor Council. The
same committee was In a position to re
port the success of the boycott against
the firms Implicated In the contention.
The boycott will be kept up with vigor
until the firms are made to yield to the
Just demands of the help. Preparatory to
this end a mass-meeting will be held In
the near future, probably at Metropolitan
Temple, when the disputed question will
be more fully ventilated.
At a meeting 1 of the Labor Council last
night comidaint was made against the
Market Street Railroad Company for its
employment of non-union pavers, to
whom the company is paying only $2 50
whereas the regular wage paid to union
pavers is $4 a day. The further ventila
tion of this question was referred to the
executive committee of the council, its re
port to be submitted at the next meeting.
Honey to Loan
At lowest market rates on mortgage or
trust deeds. Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery street. •
AMATEUR "PINAFORE."
Successful Presentation of the Opera
by Sacred Heart Parish.
Native Sons* Hall on Mason street was
crowded to the doors last evening by the
audience which had gathered to witness
the amateur presentation of "Pinafore,"
which was given by the young ladies and
gentlemen of Sacred Heart Parish for the
benefit of the Church of Our Lady of
Loretto.
The performance was excellently ren
dered even to the most minute details and
the receipts were such as to gladden tne
hearts of those interested in seeing the
affair a success.
Following the performance came a
dance, which was continued until an hour
that made It necessary for those who
wished to get any sleep at all to go home.
The following are the ladies and gentle
men who assisted in the rendition of the
ever popular opera:
Admiral Slr.Joeeph Porter. Howard Dumont:
Captain Corcoran. 'Will Jacobs; Ralph Rack
straw, Al Nowlan; Dick Deadeye, Denis
Bheerln: Boatswain, James Magrulre; Boat
swain's Mate, William A. Breen; Mldshlpmlte,
Maiiam Sydney Smith: Little Buttercup. Kittle
G. Allen; Cousin Hebe, Emma Nlcoll; Joseph
ine, Etta Welsh. . Chorus of Maidens— Gertrude
McDermott. Mabel Wllsus. Nellie Rlley. Edna
Harley. Edna Troy, Jessie McCarthy, Agmes
Kendflck. Edith Tormey, Lily Thomas, Annie
Cain. Minnie Malone, Agnes Sullivan. Elizabeth
IMordan, Margaret McCarthy, Ansrela Short&ll,
Annie Corbett. Mary Madden, Frances Mad
den. Agnes Supple, Maud Shortall. Chorus of
Able Seamen — Robert Grennan, Robert Rogers,
'John Goyheneix, William Walsh, George Sulli
van. Frank McCarthy. Frank Oneto. John
Donohue. Bart Foley, Edward P. Doolln, Frank
Smith, James Welch, Dan Smith, John Foley,
Edward C. Kiifrelberg; and P. Meherln.
!! sht , blo , w - leaving his brother officer to
battle with the ruffian.
DEATH OF ONE
OF CALIFORNIA'S
MILLIONAIRES
A. P. Hotaling Joins
the Majority.
HE SUCCUMBS TO PARALYSIS
AMASSED A LARGE FORTTJXE BY
VARIOUS ENTERPRISES.
The Heirs to His Estate Are the
Widow and Two Sons — Funeral
to Be Held Next Sunday
Morning.
A. P. Hotallng, the multi-millionaire
business man and banker, died in his
home, at 1776 California street, last even-
Ing, after an illness of nearly two years*
duration. The Immediate cause of his
death was heart failure, resultant from an
attack of paralysis, from which he had
bo long suffered.
jj The deceased was attended up to the
hour of hi» death by Drs. Chlsmore and
Henry F- Gibbons Jr. They <31d every
thing tor their patient that medical
science could suggest, but It was no use.
His race had been run, his time had come
and nothing that human skill could sug
fest was able to prolong his life beyond
is allotted time.
- Mr. Hotallng: leaves no will, as his es
tate was incorporated some time ago un
der the management of his sons. Its ex
act value is not known, but those who
should be Informed say that it is one of
the richeet ever accumulated In Califor
nia, and reaches somewhere between the
seven and ten million . dollar mark. Th«
sole heirs to this great fortune are the
widow and the two sons— Richard M. and
Frederick C. Hotallng.
- Anson Parsons Hotallng was born in
New York in 1527. He came from the
old Knickerbocker 'stock, one of his an
cestors on his father's side being the
famous Dutch navigator Hendrtck Hud
son, after whom the famous river was
named. English blood, from the maternal
Fide, also flowed in his veins, making him
a typical American. When very young
he was thrown upon his own resources,
but the Eastern farm and country store
were not to his Uking. and when about 25
years of age Mr. Hotallng came to the
golden West on the ship Racehound,
which rounded the Horn and landed the
young New Yorker in San Francisco in
1552.
Soon after arriving here Mr. Hotallng
went to the mines, out this not suiting
his fancy he returned to this city and
laid, the foundation of the great spirit and
liquor business which in part made him a
millionaire four times over. He started
In a small way. but in 1866 his business
had so expanded that he was obliged to
move to large premises on Jackson street,
between Montgomery and Sansome, ¦where
the establishment Is at present.
_ It wu not la the wholesale liquor hurt-.
The new plant of the Union Settlement
for philanthropic work, which has Just
been opened in Harlem, is one of tha
finest in New York and cost over 140.000.
FUNDS FOR THE BOERS.
The Transvaal Committee Protests
Against Arming of Savage
Zulus
The Transvaal committee held another
Dig meeting last night and completed its
organization by the appointment of a
finance committee, which will hare charge
of the collection of all contributions to
the Boer cause. The committee con3ista
p H ™ D - £? ep , par £v Dr - °- F - Gibbon, a!
nagan. F. Grote. who arrived re
cently from Johannesburg, addressed the
meeting eloquently upon the condition of
affairs and of the tyranny which the Brit
ish have practiced over Kruger"9 people
Strong protests against the arminsr of
the Zulus by Great Britain were framed
and adopted with much enthusiasm and
an appeal was sent out to the people of
the State calling for aid and sympathetic
support. On the evening of the 2»th a
big concert will be held at Metropolitan
Hall at which Miss Sannle Kruger. a
niece of old Oom Paul, will be one of the
leading attractions. The proceeds will
go to the Boer relief fund.
a'nDofnT^o pßrop R rov J? 1 - "">• Supervisors also
S?»rSnnt. Q i «" yas su P e rlntendent of
son C o? U t n i£ S fl uX£se and J ° ha Peder -
NEW CLUB FOR
BETTERMENT OF
THE WHOLE CITY
Organized on Large
ITS OBJECTS NOT SECTIONAL
San Francisco now has an improvement
club whose object for existence is the im
provement cf the entire city, not the fur
thering of the interests of special districts
or to remove the existence of special
evils. It will fight for the removal of all
evils and for the institution of better
government, together with its attending
At a meeting held at B'nal B'rlth Hall
provisions organizing the club were read
and adopted by the assembled members.
These resolutions read:
Tour committee on organization and promo
tion bees leave to rei>ort the following recom
mendations: v-~—
First. That the organization snail be Known
as "The San Francisco Improvement Awocia-
The object shall be the banding to
gether of all persons Interested in the Improve
ment and betterment of this city and In the
aVtation and promotion of all matters con
ducive to the public good and welfare.
Third The membership shall consist of all
individuals Interested in the object* of the a»«o-
Cl Fourth The officers of the association »nan
consist of a president, three vice presidents, a
secretary, a treasurer and an executive com
mittee of twenty-five members, tha city to be
districted into not less than twenty-flve dis
tricts to be called Improvement districts, and
a committee representative of all sections of the
city
Fifth, The dues shall be $1 for each six
months, payable In advance.
As a basis upon which to act In districting
the city the following districts are recom
mended: Harbor View, Black Point. North
Beach. City Front, Telegraph Hill. North Cen
tral Chinatown. Presidio Heights, Richmond.
West End. Western Addition. Central. Buena
Vista Panhandle. Southslde. South Central.
South Mlsßlon. Upper Mission, South San Fran
clsco Holly Park. Falrmount. Sunnyslde. Sun
set. Potrero and Ocean View.
As some of the members objected to the
manner in which the city was districted
by the above provisions the following
committee was appointed to study the
situation: *
H I* Lad<J. R- R« Russ. Qrattan D. Phillips.
D W. Tletjen, U A. Rea, C. D. Balfleld. J. M.
Wllkins J. B. Dalzell, Daniel Hannah. Joseph
Shearer. Henry Williams, Nathan Blbo, J. Raf
ferty. Richard Keller and T. Tracy.
The following committee on by-laws
was next appointed: C. W. Alpers. D. J.
Leary, Frank Conklln, William Metzner,
J. Cassldy, J. M. Wilklns and P. Farley.
The committee on permanent head
quarters, selected by the president, is
composed of the following members: G. D.
Phillips, Joseph Sherer and A. "W. Thomp
son.
A committee of three was appointed to
call the attention of the public to a meet
ing of the club which wiU be held at
B'nai B'rlth Hall next Friday evening.
After a motion was carried by which ail
members agreed to go before the Super
visors next Monday and protest against
the turning out of the city lights an ad
journment was taken until the day named.
Mayor Phelan's inquiry Mr. Kellogg said
he did not think It was contemplated to
issue more stock, and he had never heard
it mentioned.
Out of which fund," the witness was
asked, 'did you draw to pay your dlvf
de ™Js last year, outside of your receipts?*
On our credit of profit and loss," he
replied.
"You paid cut $33,745 91 more than you
earned?" "Yes, sir; it had been earned in
previous years."
During the examination Mr. Schussler,
In answer to an inquiry made of him by
Supervisor Reed, delivered a long and ear
nest talk to the board in which he gave
an expert's explanation of the magnitude
or the Spring Valley Water Company's
efforts to give this city pure water. He
said that in an isolated town like San
•Francisco the most important considera
tion is to secure w*ter. "If we failed to
supply this town with water," he said,
pestilence would come here. We ought
to be encouraged in every way. I feel,
and we all feel, that this constant hammer
ing at our works has caused great incon
venience. It has been difficult for us to
borrow money. By reason of these in
quiries we have to tell the public what
improvements are contemplated, what our
future intentions are, and this has fre
quently worked hardships."
The speaker then went on to tell of the
great expense the company is put to In
bringing water from distant points; how
land must be bought, water rights must
be obtained and countless other necessary
matters settled so as to give the public
an abundant water supply. The Mayor
interrupted Mr. Schussler to inform him
tnat water rates in Birmingham were
more reasonable and that the aqueduct in
that city was recently constructed and at
less expense. The water company's ex
pert replied to the Mayor by informing
him that the pipes of the English water
company were over level territory, where
as the local corporation was compelled
to bring its water over 140 miles of hilly
country under great pressure. He said
that the great pressure had a tendency
to burst the pipes and that the soil
through which the pipe lino extended was
of such peculiar character that it ate into
the Iron and In less than ten years they
had to be replaced at a great expense.
Mayor Phelan interrupted Mr Schussler
to ask what would happen If there should
be a bad break in the pipeline between
here and San Andreas, and Mr. Schus«ler
replied that there was no danger of the
city being cut off from Its water supply
as there are other lines. He further in
formed his interrupter that it is the cus
tom of his company to keep four days'
water supply in tho reservoirs sltuatod in
the outskirts of the city, and that the
company contemplated building another
reservoir that will hold ten clays' supply.
During the interesting discussion the
presence of Mr. Ames on the witness
stand was entirely forgotten. Mr. Kel
logg entered the fray and matched his
knowledge with the Mayor's, and the
board and spectators were treated to some
interesting repartee. The city's chief ex
ecutive did not escape from the fray un
scathed, as Mr. Kellogg in his replies told
some of the Mayor's past actions on water
rates. The Mayor opened the ball by re
marking to the water company's repre
sentative that during the winter months
the city's water supply for its parks had
been shut off. Mr. Kellogg replied that if
the same hand that directed his corpora
tion to turn off the supply would say the
word the water would be turned on before
sundown. The Mayor, of course, did not
give the necessary order. Mr. Kellogg
called attention to a bill of $25,000 that was
derived by the Spring Valley Water Com
pany from all sources for the year preced
ing January 1, 1900, and an itemized state
ment of all expenditures made for supply
ing: water during said time. He stated
that the total income was $1,903,411 S5. The
Mayor closely examined him about re
ceipts and disbursements and in the
course cf his statement he read that they
were as follows:
RECEIPTS.
From water rents of pri
vate consumers $1,546,939 02
From water rents of City
and County 340,878 77
From water rents of ship
pins 66,18086
f1.853.998 64
From other sources 49,413 21
$1,903,411 85
DISBTTHSKMENTS.
For operating expenses $4H.H64 59
For taxes 196.011 36
For interest 679,48181
$1, 220, 357 76
Balance _ 683.054 09
Dividends paid J716.500 00
Lees balance C 53,064 09
Net balance $33,745 91
Deficit $33.745 91
Paid on account of new construction
and permanent Improvements J708.430 4-J
The witness in explaining the foregoing
figures took occasion to show how the
company's Interests were affected by dry
seasons. He was interrupted in his an
swer by Mr. Schussler, who enlightened
the committee on the subject. He said
that in IS9S the company pumped seven
thousand five hundred and eighty-four
million gallons, fully twice as much as
the previous year, and that accounted en
tirely for the increase in the running ex
penses from one year to another. "If
we have a good rainfall," he said, "we
are able to reduce the running expenses
the rest of the season 20 to 25 per cent. If
this dry season continues we will have to
do fully as much pumping as we did last
season, and perhaps more."
Mr. Ames was asked by the Mayor why
he thought the taxes would be higher this
year and the witness replied that they
would be higher on account of the in
crease in rate.
"Has your directory agreed to lssiie
bonds?" asked the Mayor. Mr. Ames re
plied that when it was necessary to take
up the floating debt they would be issued.
That had always been the custom, but the
witness had paid no attention to It. Mr.
Ames stated that the present floating in
debtedness was something like $200 000.
There Is one indebtedness, he said, that
was permanent. It amounted to $273,000,
and it was secured by a mortgage on
which 2 per cent is paid. He said some
of the property mortgaged was located in
Merced. In answer to Mayor Phelan's
question as to whether there was any
other floating debt besides the one al
ready alluded to, Mr. Ames answered In
the affirmative. He said that there was
the present floating debt of $200,000 and the
mortgage. Mr. Ames informed his inter
rogator that he did not know the policy
of the company in mortgaging Its real es
tate, and as the Mayor continued his ques
tions along the same line Attorney Kel
logg interrupted him and made a <?hort
statement, in which he said that as he un
derstood it it was not in the ordinary
sense a mortgage, but was a contract of
purchase, which ran along In the shape
of a bond and had been running to his
knowledge nearly ten years. In reply to
Supervisor Brandenstein insisted that It
was the duty of the company to present
evidence of the value of the holdings
upon which it demands interest.
Schussler then declared that as an en
gineer understanding the value of the
works lor the specific purposes for which
they were created he would strive to
answer the question. He was never al
lowed to conclude, which may or may nqt
mean that a critical estimate of Spring
Valley holdings was not the essential is
sTje after all. Mr. Schussler declared that
the San Mateo holdings of the company,
considered as a unit and for the purposes
of supplying water by a system could not
be purchased for less than ten million
dollars.
of the company considered as a system,
could not be purchased for less than ten
million dollars.
At this interesting point, when it
seemed as if the whole secret was about
to receive public birth. Mr. Schussler was
asked to have the kindness to sit down.
The audience felt as If they had been
cheated out of a racy story. Then Mr.
Ames resumed his testimony and was
deep in interest accounts when again he
was interrupted. Attorney Kellogg seemed
burdened with a fund of information
which he wished to expend. He declared
that the company does not demand a 5
per cent interest on the value of Its prop
erty, which is more than thirty millions
of dollars, but on twenty-six millions of
dollars. He declared that it is unjust to
segregate the holdings of the company
and value them independently of their
uses: they must be appraised as a unit.
"But we have the right to say what
your property is worth," said the Mayor.
"We can say that the property is worth
only twenty millions and it will be only
of the value of twenty millions. We are
your only customers."
This astounding remark prompted a
quick reply. "You can place the value at
five million dollars," said Kellogg, "or
what you please, but we are here with the
expectation that you are to treat us with
Justice. That, as I understand it, is the
basis of our discussion."
The discussion then took a wide range,
but came to no particular result. One in
teresting point was developed, however,
when Attorney Kellogg showed that the
company loses about $25,000 a year In fur
nishing water for parks and schoolhouses.
JCO.OOO in Increased taxes and about $42,000
in bills which are never paid.
"You have a charity account there,"
said the Mayor sarcastically. "What does
that mean?"
"It means the money that we expend in
assisting old and disabled employes," was
the reply, and the Mayor subsided.
Hermann 6chussl»r then volunteered
to jrlve the Information which Supervisor
Reed had requested earlier in the session.
The engineer insisted that from whatever
point we view the value of the Spring:
Valley pystem. and he discussed three,
the holdings are worth more than thirty
million dollars. When he had finished
Attorney Kellogg Invited the board to in
spect the various properties of the cor
poration, but the invitation -vas not ac
cepted. As a matter of incidental inter
est Supervisor Magulre contented him
self last night with a series of eloquent
flßfhes of silence.
Mayor Ph«»lan called the board to order
nn hour later than the timo fixed for con
vening. He invited Supervisor Connor to
preside over the deliberations of the com
mittee of the whole and the city's chief
executive took the seat usually occupied
by the temporary chairman. Pelham W.
A*me«. secretary of the Spring Valley "Wa
ter Company, then took the stand and
read a statement showing all the revenue
DEMANDS INTEREST ON
TWENTY-SEVEN MILLIONS
Supervisors Practically Conclude Their Investigation
of the Affairs and Values of the Spring
Valley Water Company.
Hales.
Hales.
THE SAN FRA2S CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1900.
HHflHyfyi'^l Branchial
OiadionljbyJotiaLßrown & Son. Beaton.)
Qlvo Instant relief In
Hoarseness
H jf. yesterday we told you of fefe^ %
I lilC our mission in San Fran- £&**s I
p m^* cisco. that mission has P
I really just begun, han- A^W I
1 flOHf dicapped by human limi- /*^ V 1
i lICW tations, we push on. set- /<£» \\ H
i ting the pace for grander [ ?^s* )\ [I
i j San Francisco, we are X i^-^y^ o
I sfftrP building a magnificent I
B JlviVi new store, the most mod- V^M/A U
m crn In the West, your \?^£&aA li
m appreciation brought us success— sue- X^-^V% I
g cess makes this new store necessary. f fi A I
H another one of our aims is good adver- i,Avft li
| Using. the effort is to make our iHST^**^ 8
H store news vital to human interest — iW^^JVvVn 11
H truth without dullness, accuracy with- l^^j/Xv R
H ! free tO-daV. SOO ° P 3cka Z es of our famous El Perfecto Rou^e I
H 1 J will be given away to-day. A package will go H
Eg | with every purchase. a
1 ' neW belt J ust came In by c*e *P rMS - Russian gray and enamel 0
B gilt, and enameled and jet ring buckles for the popular P
U bUCKIeS pulley belts, decrenses the size of the waist at -y— N
H V* '«ast two Inches, just a few at sOc and «*3C g
I napkins I
I and towels. I
I ioo dozen damask napkins, bleached, all linen and hemmed c 1 C A k
H ready for use— per dozen, only t.... 4>l.*>U gj
I roller'towels, hemmed, ready for use, heavy qual- c _ n ~A 1(\~ I
| ity, all linen, t.% yards long, two grades— each... ¦*>*>£ aUU OUC H
I Saturday I
1 bazaar news. 1
I castile soap, in ij^-pound bars— Kirk's famous rose soap, per box. «
I only 12140 15c I]
H Hale's laundry soap, per bar....2c violet buttermilk soap, per box-... |j
H bottle of tooth powder, sapona- - • 10c R
M ceous, with good tooth brush— Hudnut's perfumes, all odors, In \\
|g only 15c i-oz. bottles — only. sOc l|
la witch haz:l, 16 ozs. for 25c hair brushes, good bristles Isc H
El 5 quires commercial note paper, 6o sheets cream note paper and 0
H # ruled..... _ 12c envelopes to mateh — 0n1y...23c P
I S^S? gooL I
§ 4 — 1 935-947 Market Street. I- I I
SPECIAL BARGAINS
Saturday and Monday
BEST -.KLr" EGGS, doz-...17Jc
Finest Creamery BUTTER, square 40c
PURE CAL. OLIVE OIL, qt5 ...75c
"Warranted by El Peart Farm. Regular tl
GMRARDELLI'S B g:f- COCOA 20c
ECHO £¦£„ DRIPS, gal 45c
Special Bargain. RagnUr (00.
BOSTON BAKED BEANS, JS--lOC
Kcralar tOe can.
SNIDER'S TOMATO SOUP, ?* I2ic
Regular 200 can.
CAL WHITE FIGS, 5-lb b0x..25c
Regrular 50c box.
BEST TABLE FRUITS, 3 *«£? 50c
Peaches. Apricots. Pears. Regular Ko can.
PORT, SHERRY,_ANGELICA, gal 95c
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp.. 7th. Phone 8. 29X Ko Breach BtorM.
12