knew It wo 3 not the yell of savages, but
the yell cf Americans. The rescuing
troops thought we had Filipino guard.*
and called to us la Eagll3h to lie down, so
that they could shoot the Filipinos. That
was the finest body of oncers and naea I
ever saw."
Lieutenant Glllnsore could not rpeak en
thusiastically eaough about the HO picked
mea who had rescued him and hl3 party.
The command spent the day In making
rafts. Colonel Hare though: Lieutenant
Gillmore too weak to live through tha
trip, i but there was no alterna
tive. They shot nany rapida. tha
men losing all their effects and Lieu
tenant Gillmore some valuable pa
pers. Only fourteen out of thirty-scren
rafu survived the fir3t night's experience
and eighty men were practically cnabla to
walk whea .Vigan was reached.
Describing the Sight from Bezgzez.
whea the Americans approached. Lieuten
ant Giltmore said:
"The Filipinos, completely terriied. left
Benguet on December 7. They hurried
the prisoners from town to town, oftea re
tracing the trail, not knowfns where tha
Americans would attack. After bein£ al
most without food for three days they
killed several horses and we lived oa
horseflesh for several days. I did not
have a full meal from December 7 uatil
I reached Vigaa. Indeed, the rescuing
party lived largely upon rice, without salt.
There was one day when I was reduced to
chewln* grass and bark.
"While we were in the hands of Gen
eral Tlno's men he Issued aa order that
any person aiding aa American by food
or money should be treated as a criminal.
One citizen of Vigan. Senor Vera, wu
probably killed for befriending us. We
would have starved but for the kindness
of some of the residents of the towns aadl
some cf the Filipino colonels, but others
treated us brutally. Wherever there wu
a prison we were kept there. Wher«
there was no prison they would lodge us
In a convent. We suffered greatly fronx
want of exercise as well as lack of food."
For week 3 Lieutenant Gillmore was cov
ered with bolls and In great pals. Whea
the Filipinos found the Americans were
approaching; the treatment became bet*
ter. There was a sign painter In the
party and. he painted adrexttsesesta aa
ONLY ONE MAN YET
UNACCOUNTED FOR
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.— The
Navy Department to-day received
the following:
MANILA, Jan. 6.— Secretary of
the Navy. Washington: Gillmore.
Walton. Vandolt, Ellsworth. Brlso
lez. Anderson. Peterson and Ed
wards have arrived; also Farley.
Burke and Herbert of Urdaneta.
Only Venllle la unaccounted for.
Was last seen at Baler, June 15th.
WATSON.
us. I suspected something, end que»
tioned the lieutenant in command. He
said: 'I have orders from General Tino
to shoot you all. but my conscience for
bids. I shall leave yon here.'
"I begged him for two rifles to protect
us from savages, adding that I would give
him letters to the Americans, who would
pay him well and keep him fronr all harm.
He refused this, however, saying that he
would not dare to comply. Soon after
ward he left with his company.
"We bad seen some savages in warpaint
around us. and we prepared to fight them
with cobblestones, the only weapons that
were available to us. The next morning
we followed the trail of the Filipino sol
diers, feeling that it was better to sticlr
to them than b« murdered by savages,
but we could not catch up with them.
Then I ordered the men to build rafts, in
the hop* of floating down the river. It
was a forlorn hope, but I knew the river
must empty Into the sea somewhere. I
was so weak myself that I did not expect
to get out. but I thought some of the men
could.
"On the morning of December 13, while
we were working on the rafts, the Ameri
cans came toward us, yelling. One of my
men shouted. They are on cs.* He was
lanhing a raft of bamboo. I, however,
LIEUTENANT F. G TAIT, Black Watch, lata golf cham
pion and best all-around amateur of Great Britain, was
wounded at Magersfontein while bravely attempting to
rally his men In the face of a hot fire.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL BETHUNE commands th*
Durban Corps of mounted infantry known as "Bethune's
Horse," which have been most invaluable to General Bul
ler for scouting purposes, j Colonel Bethune was the first
commandant appointed to carry, out the decree of mar
tial law in the colony.
COLONEL C.'J- LONG. Royal Horse Artillery, vu dan
gerously wounded at Colenso; His eagerness to get hl3
GUARDING THE LINES OF COMMUNICATION.
The rrctection cf the railroad lint- connecting the several British columns with their bases against rald3 by the
Been ar.d destruction by their sympathizers in the country around consumes no- small part of the British force now in
the field. Between De Aar Junction, freni which Lord Methuen started with his flying column to the relief of Klmberley
and Modtler Eiver station, seventy rail* I*,1 *, from four to six thousand men are required to guard the bridges and culverts
srd other points where preat damajr* might be done in a. short time by the use of dynamite. And so between DeAar
am! Naauwpoort. General French's has*, sixty-nine- miles, every bridge and culvert has to be protected, and the same on
eastern system, where General Gatacre its operating, and In Natal between General Buller*s camp and Pletermarltz
"burg. tiie numerous bridges, culverts nd tunnels have to be closely and sufiiciently guarded, repairing in the aggregate
a large suaber of men. Section men And other railroad employes, with the loyal people In the vicinity, are entrusted with
this duty in the less exposed districts. The above illustration, from the London Dally Graphic, shows th© guard at a cul
vert below De Aar Junction-
MANILA, Jan. 7.— Lieutenant J.
C. Glllmore of the United States
gunboat Yorktown. who was
captured by the insurgents last
April near Baler, on the coast
of Luzon, and rescued a few
days ago by Colonel Luther R. Hare of
the Thirty-third Volunteer Infantry, sat
to-day in the apartment of his sister, Mn.
Major Price, at the Hotel Oriente, In
Manila, and told a remarkable story of
his eight months in captivity, ending: with
his dramatic deliverance from a death
that seemed inevitable. .
The steamer Venus came Into the har
bor last evening from Vigan. province of
South Ilocos. with Lieutenant Gillmore
and nineteen other American prisoners.
Including seven of his sailors from the
Yarktown. Lieutenant Gillmore. after re
porting, came ashore and hobbled along,
with the aid of a cane, to the Hotel
Oriente. where American officers and la
dies were dancing through the halls to the
strains of "Agulr.aldo's March." jPjfl
Although tanned and ruddy from ex
posure. Lieutenant Gillmore is weak and
nervous, showing the results of long hard
ships. He speaks warmly of Agulnaldo
and very bitterly against General Tino.
declaring that while in the former's Ju
risdiction he was treated splendidly, but
that after he fell into Tino' a hands he
suffered everything. •
Colonel Hare and Lieutenant Colonel
Howse. the latter of the Thirty-fourth
Volunteer Infantry, rescued Gillmore' 3
pari;y on December 13. near the head
waters of the Abalut River, after they had
been abandoned by the Filipinos and were
expecting death from the savage tribes
around them. "When the rescuing force
reached them they were nearyl starved,
but were building rafts in the cope of
getting down the river to the coast. Lieu
tenant Gillmore made the following state
ment:
"The Filipinos abandoned us on the
night of December 16. We had reached
the Abalut River near Its source that
morning, and the Filipinos rafted us over.
We- then went down the stream along a
rough trail, guarded by a company of
Filipinos. That night we were separated
from this guard, and another company,
armed with Mausers, was put In charge cf
DRAMATIC RESCUE OF
GILLMORE AND HIS MEN
Abandoned by the Filipinos, They Faced Death at
the Hands of Savages When the Relieving
Force of Americans Arrived.
Clery's two brigades forward
only to find the Boers massed in
force in trenches fronting Colen
so, showing that they were strong
enough to attack Ladysmith and
hold Buller in check at the same
time.
Some fighting was begun by
General Clery near Colenso
bridge on Saturday at about 5
o'clock, since which time no dis
patches have come through.
General White's position at
Ladysmith is clearly very criti
cal and it is not an exaggeration
to say that the British public
must prepare itself for the possi
bility of receiving news of the
most serious disaster of 'the war.
The latest message from White
himself is dated at a quarter-past
3 p. m. on Saturday. At that time
he was very hard pressed, to
quote his own words. Communi
cations from Ladysmith are re
ceived, it will be remembered, by
heliograph and at a critical point
the sun failed and General Buller
had absolutely no news to send.
He adds, however, a camp rumor
to the effect that at 5 o'clock
General White defeated . the
Boers, taking four hundred pris
ers. Presumably General Buller
would hardly have transmitted
this message unless he had some
reason for thinking there was
truth in it. Still it does not pro
fess to be anything more than a
rumor and General Buller ex
pressly says that he has no real
news.
The serious tone in all of
White's messages is very signifi
cant. According to the War Of
fice these were received by ( Gen-
FIERCE FIGHTING AT THE VERY
GATES OF BESIEGED LADYSMITH
BRITISH OFFICERS WHO HAVE WON DISTINCTION AT THE FRONT.
LONDON, Jan. B.— This
ncming-'s dispatches from
the seat of war show that
the situation in Natal is more
critical for the P.riricTi arms rVian
at any previous stage of the cam
paign. The Boers have at last
attacked Ladysmith in force
and, while General Sir George
White was able to repel the first
assaults, the last words received
from the besieged town were
that he was "very hard pressed."
Upon receipt of this news Gen
eral Buller moved General
I ONDON, Jan. 7. — General French reports a "serious accident" to the First Suffolk Regiment Four companies of the regiment
I attacked a Boer position. Lieutenant Colonel Watson, in command, was wounded, and a retreat was ordered. Three-quar-
Lters of the British reached their camp, but the others were overpowered and compelled to surrender. Seventy were taken
prisoners, including seven officers.
The War Office publishes the following dispatch from General Forestier-Walker, commanding at Cape Town:
"Genera! French reports under date of January 6:
v 'The situation is much the same as yesterday, but I regret to report that a serious accident has happened to the First
Battalion of the Suffolk Regiment/
"From news just come to hand from them I gather that, with the authority and with the knowledge of General French,
four companies of the First Battalion advanced by night against a low hill one mile from their camp. They attacked at dawn,
lieutenant Colonel Watson, commanding, gave orders to charge. He was at once wounded.
"Orders for retirement were given. Three-quarters of the force retreated to camp. The remainder held their ground until
they were overpowered by greater numbers, when they surrendered. Seventy were taken prisoners, including seven officers.
"General French reports that the Boer commando which made the attack on January 4 lost fifty kilted, besides wounded
and prisoners. The commando was dispersed."
General Buller has wired the War Office the following, dated January 6, from Frere Camp:
"The following message was received from General White at 1 p. m. to-day:
" 'January 6, 1 1 a. m.— Attack continues and enemy has been reinforced from the south/
"The following message was received this forenoon from General White:
" 'Jan. 6, 12:45 p. m. — Have beaten enemy off at present, but they are still around me in great numbers, especially to the
south, and I think renewed attack very probable/
"The sun has failed and I cannot get further information from Ladysmith until to-morrow."
General Buller sends the following from Frere Camp dated to-day:
"This from White, dated Saturday, 3:15 p. m.:
" 'Attack renewed. Very hard pressed/
"I have absolutely no more news, and there is no sun. There is a camp rumor that White defeated the enemy at 5- this
afternoon and took 400 prisoners.
"I sent all available troops yesterday to make demonstration at Colenso. The trenches there were all occupied by the
enemy."
PRETORIA, Jan. 4 (via Lourenzo Marquez). — Field Cornet Vesser, under date of Tuesday, Jan. 2, reports as follows from
Kuruman, British Bechuanaland: t :^
"1 commenced a bombardment of Kuruman yesterday (Monday), aiming at the police barracks. The fight lasted until 6
o'clock in the evening, when the garrison surrendered issuing frenHhe forts and yielding up arms. We tcok 120 prisoners? fn
cluding Captain Bates and Captain Dennison, Mr. HiHyard, the magistrate, and eight other officers. We also captured seventy
natives, together with a number of rifles and revolvers and a quantity of ammunition.
"Fifteen British were wounded. They are being attended by us, with the help of Dr. Bearne, an English physician.
"The horses, oxen, mealies and flour taken from the prisoners have been sent to Pretoria by way of Vryburg." ¦
LOURENZO MARQUEZ, Thursday, Jan. 4.— A dispatch from the Boer headquarters near Dordrecht says:
•The British have been compelled to retreat from Dordrecht. Fighting continues around Colesberg, where the British
occupy some of the outside kopjes. Bullets are dropping inside the town."
SORTIE BY BRITISH TROOPS OF GENERAL
FRENCH'S COMMAND ENDS IN DISASTER
Four Companies Ordered to Attack a Boer Posi
tion Are Repulsed and Seventy Men Taken
Prisoners — Burghers Capture the Garrison
of Kuruman After a Hard Fight — Buller
Fails to Pierce Joubert's Lines to Relieve
Ladysmith.
Continued en Second Page.
VOLUME LXXXVII— XO. 39.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FEAXCISCO, MONDAY, JA]STJAKY 8, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
shorter range grans within elective distance ci the Beer
lines lost ten of them to the enemy.
CAPTAIN H. N. SCHOFIELD. Royal Artillery, aids-de
camp to General Builer, gallantly brought off two ot
Colonel Lor.si guns and inoJe desperate bet vain efforts
to save more.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL, C. B. JEFFREYS. Royal Ar
tillery, by his splendid csaseuve^;? and accurate serv
ing. c£ his guns saved General Gatacre's troops from an
nihilation at Stormberg. December 10th.
COLONEL G. D. CHAMIER. Royal Garrison ArtlSery. U
la charge of the "gu:i3 of pesirion" at Kimbertsy.j Muscular Rheumatism j
t Is a pain in the muscles in- K|lf&i^SliS^fi£i|l§Ji^ f
£ In the treatment of this "J^lifflS|^^^^Mg ?
,t ailment, as well as many l^^f^^V \\?*^ot^ ?
? more, such as Lumbago, Sciat- i yf t
? ica, Lame Back, Seminal rf' JfSilpßux^wh *
f Weakness or Varicocele, f/J^^^w^^ : $
I drugs are utterly useless. I
I Electricity, as applied through *^ f if r ' v /^ShSK ';''' t
I Dr. Sanden Electric Belt, fes, ' . I
? is the only sure and permanent n)\ **
,T cure for such. Thirty years of \\ ?
,;> study and labor enables me to Up . .
? prove this assertion. JBu " °
T Write for my book, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," which is sent <>
4 free to any address, or call and consult me free of charge. Office hours— ' '
i 9to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1. - T
IDR T A SANDFN 18 O third street. \
f l^rV. 1. /A. •3/-\l>L/Lil^ , San Francisco, CaL; \*
t 119^ so. sumz sl, Los Aizelss, caL; Eissel BuflUiz, Portland, Dr. t
? , X
persistent rumors that a coup of some
kind was meditated by the disloyal fac
tion In the vicinity of this city. The
authorities on Tuesday declared them
selves amused at these reports, but to
day a local paper asks categorically why,
if this were the case, the guards over rail
way, . Government house and magazines
are trebled every night, and why patrols
scout the roads converging on Cape Town,
and the troops encamped at Green Point
and the volunteers have slept under arms
and have received orders to rendezvous
on hearing guns fired from the batteries.
To-day the authorities Issued a notice
warning- the publlo of the danger of be
ing fired upon If they approach posts
guarded by sentries at night and do not
stop at the challenge. It also notified
them that all boats approaching the
cruiser Nlobe, which Is anchored, in the
bay, must carry a light, or take the risk
of being fired upon. >
Four steamers are now discharging vast
quantities of provisions and ammunition
stores.
BOMBARDMENT OF
LADYSMITH FROM
EVERY QUARTER
Musketry Fire Mingles With
Cannons' Roar, Indicating
Heavy Fighting.
LONDON, Jan. B.— The Daily Mall has
the following dated January 6, at noon,
from "Frere Camp:
"At 8 o'clock this morning very heavy
firing' began at Ladysmith. It lasted
fully four hours, and must have meant
either a sortie by the British or a de
termined attack on the garrison by the
Boers: 'Our shells could be seen falling
on Umbulwhna Hill and the enemy were
replying.
"Besides the cannon reports, there were
sounds Indicating , smaller pieces of ar
tillery In action. The fighting iriust have
been at closer range than has been the
case up to now.
"Our. naval guns at Chleveley sent their
usual fire Into the Boer trenches, but
there has been 'no further movement
hero!". ,' '. . .
Another dispatch to the Dally Mall from
Frere Camp says:
"Saturday's bombardment of Ladysmith
was the heaviest yet recorded. All the
heavy guns were working and the Boers
seemed to be pouring in shells from every
available lighter gun."
The Daily Telegram has the following
from Frere Camp, dated January 6:
"A very heavy ' bombardment went on
at Ladysmith from daybreak until 8 this
morning. It is believed that an action was
In progress, for musketry fire also was
heard. It is possible the garrison was
making a sortie, for the Boers at Colenso
hurriedly left their trenches and rode to
ward Ladysmith.
"Our big naval gun at Chleveley Camp
fired several rounds at the enemy as they
were leaving their Colenso lines. General
Buller has ridden on to Chleveley with his
staff."
A special dispatch from Frere Camp,
dated Saturday, January 6, says:
"General White heliographs that he de
feated the Boers this morning. They crept
up so close to the defending forces that
the Gordon Highlanders and the Man
chesters actually repulsed them at the
point of the bayonet."
EJECTION OF BRITISH
FROM THE TRANSVAAL
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 6.— An ammunition
column started for tho front to-day. Sev
eral colonial Irregulars of Dutch extrac
tion have been brought here under ar
rest.
The Cape Argus learns from Pretoria
that fifty British subjects in Pretoria and
Johannesburg have received " their pass-
ately for . its life, with ' another
larger army fifteen miles to the
south powerless to move to its
relief.
The scene of the first attack by
the Boers upon General White's
lines is important, as it shows
that the enemy was following a
well defined plan.
Below Joubert, on the Tugela;
is Buller's army, which numbers
about 33,000 men. Within Lady
smith Camp there are at least
8000, while the Boers number
25,000. or. 30,000 men.
On the south of Ladysmith
there is a strong fortified position
called Caesar's Camp; standing a
little detached from the main cir
cle of ; intrenchments. This was
the objective of the Boer assault,
which was ; delivered . >vith - such
boldness that the Gordon High
landers; and Manchesters had to
drive. back the foe at the point
of the bayonet.
It was part of the Boer policy
to overpower if possible this iso
lated position, not. only because
there would thus be gained an
elevation from which to threat
en the more closely beleaguered
garrison, but because a force
would then be interposed be
tween White's sortie and Buller's
advance.
Some of the Boers left the
trenches at Colenso and galloped
up to help their comrades fur
ther north in the attack, the
movement being obviously a
concerted one, but, as stated be
fore, General Bailer found the
trenches in front of him fully oc
cupied.
Another significant fact is that
the Boers have overcome their
dislike for cold steel.
GUARDING AGAINST
DISLOYAL COLONISTS
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
riKht.,l9oo, by James Gordon Bennett. R«
publlcatlon of this dispatch Is prohibited.
All rights reserved in the United States and
Great Britain.] •
LONDON, Jan. B.— The Dally Telegraph
publishes" this 'dippat'eh from ' its special
correspondent:
CAPE TOWN, Friday, Jan. s.—Consid
erable suppressed excitement has pre
vailed here during the week, owlnff to
ports for "abuses of privilege." The same
paper Is Informed that seven British sub
jects holding permits have been arrested
at Zeerust.
GENERAL BULLER'S
VAIN ATTEMPT TO
RELIEVE WHITE
Evidently Censored Dispatch
Does Not Give the Out
come of the Battle.
LONDON. Jan. 7.— A special dispatch
from Frere Camp, dated Saturday, Jan
uary 6, 7 p. m., says:
"At 2 o'clock this afternoon the whole
of General Clery*s division marched out
of camp to attack Colenso. General Hlld
yard's brigade was on the left, and Gen
eral Barton's on the right, with cavalry
on the extreme right.
"The attack was slowly developed, and
at 4:30 the British field guns advanced. on
the center and commenced shelling the
Boer position on the flat land between
Hlawane Hill and Fort Wylie. About
this time a heavy thunderstorm raged
over the enemy's positions.
"At 5:30 our troops were still advanc
ing, and had reached a point very near
Colenso. The naval 4.7 and field guns
were busy dropping shells Into the ene
my's trenches along the river, and the
forts of the enemy had made no reply."
BURGHERS SAID TO
BE INCITING THE
NATIVES TO RISE
Son of a Chief Shown Prisoners
at Pretoria as Proof of
Boer Victories.
LONDON, Jan. B.— The Times publishes
•the following dispatch from Lourenzo
Marquez:
"I learn on unimpeachable authority
that the Free Staters are still actively
sowing disaffection among the Basutos.
It is believed that some of the minor
chiefs have received their advances not
unfavorably. A Basuto interpreter to the
Free State but recently took the son of
a Basuto chief to Pretoria to show him
•the British prisoners there, as proof of
the Boer victories. It Is believed, how
ever, that with Chiefs Jonathan and Lero
thodi, loyal and even desirous of attack-
THE LATE REV. EDWARD McGLYNN.
NEWBURGH. N. V.. Jan. 7.— Rev. Dr. Edward McGlynn. rector of St.
Mary's Church, died at the rectory at 6:20 o'clock this afternoon, after
an Illness of about seven weeks. Death was due to heart failure
superinduced by Bright's disease.
A minor surgical operation was performed on Dr. McGlynn last night,
but this did not affect the patient or contribute materially to his death. During
the night Dr. McGlynn had several sinking spells, and the physicians were called
early to his beside where they remained until he died. As early as noon it had
become apparent that the end was near, and Dr. McGlynn received holy oom
raur.lon from the assistant rector of St. Mary's, who later administered extreme
unction. After high mass in the morning Dr. McGlynn was anointed.
All efforts toward prolonging life were made by the physicians, but at 4
o'clock the priest lapsed Into unconsciousness, his last audible prayer being
"Jesus, have mercy on me."
He passed away without recovering consciousness.
For two days past Dr. McGlynn had been troubled with hiccoughs, but was
able to take liquid nourishment to the last. Dr. McGlynn was aware that death
was near, receiving the word tranquilly.
This morning telegrams were sent to Dr. McGlynn's nephews and niece In
Brooklyn and several Catholic clergymen, his warm friends, were notified. A
dispatch was sent to Archbishop Corrigan and his secretary telegraphed:
"His Grace will arrive In Newburgh at S:10."
Archbishop Corrigan had already made arrangements to visit Dr. McGlynn and
would have come on Monday. The relatives missed a train and did not arrive
until Dr. McGlynn had become unconscious. Efforts were made to locate Frank
McGlynn, the actor, a son of Dr. McGlynn's brother, who lives In California.
Archbishop Cprrlgan arrived at S:10 and proceeded at once to St. Mary's reo
tory. He expressed deep regret that he had not arrived before the end came.
He was much moved when he entered the chamber of death and looked on the
face of the dead, and commented sadly on the dead priest's appearance. -He
Unelt with the other clergy and said prayers.
The cheerfulness that characterized Dr. McGlynn was exhibited to the last.
Even when the physicians were using salt water to keep him alive a few hours
longer. Dr. McGlynn evinced much interest and finally remarked: "Well, the
ways of physicians are wonderful."
The citizens of Newburgh were preparing a testimonial for Dr. McGlynn,
•who celebrated his first mass In St. Mary's Church on New Year's day, 1595, and
who ha/ been In the ministry for forty years. People of all denominations were
to hav^ united In honoring the priest and a purse was to have been presented to
him. News of Dr. McGlynn's death caused profound sorrow. Prayers had
been offered In both Protestant and Catholic churches for his recovery.
Dr. McGlynn was first stricken with Illness on November 18 at the rectory.
He was seized with a severe cold and was compelled to seek his bed. Though he
was obliged to break engagements to lecture, no alarm was felt by his friends
until the following Monday, when he suffered a severe chill. The first serious
attack occurred November 26, and a day or two later there was a consulta
tion of physicians. It was announced that Dr. McGlynn was Buffering from
chronic kidney disease.
Eariy In December Dr. MeGlynn (suffered two attacks of 'heart failure and
h!» relatives were hurriedly summoned. He rallied, however, and until Satur
day night he appeared to be holding his own and gradually regained his
etrer.gth. He was able to sit by his bedside for a few minutes each day, but was
never able to leave his room.
Dr. MeGlynn was 62 years of age last September. When he was stricken he
was robust and of fine physique, but he became greatly emaciated by his long
Illness.
Father Edward McGlj-nn was born in New York City on September 27, 1537.
After having studied eight years especially for the priesthood, he was ordained
on March 25. ISGO. and assigned to St. Stephen's Church. New York, as rector. In
1562 he was promoted to the rectorship of St. Ann's, but before a year had
clapeed was asked by Archbishop Hughes to resign, for the reason that the Arch
bishop desired to transfer his chancellor to the position. Father McGlynn acceded
to the request, and became military chaplain at Central Park Hospital.
At the close of the civil war his commission lapsed, and Father McGlynn gave
the most of his time to the matter of providing for the spiritual needs of the rap-
Idly increasing Catholic population of New Tork. The subject created a great di
versity of opinion among the various rectors. The majority maintained that the
only cafe way to preserve the purity of the religion was to erect more parochial
schools. Father McGlyr.n took exception to these views and emphatically assert
ed that the necessity was for the multiplication of churches and priests. He ad
vised that until the church became better able financially to support /parochial
echools the public schools of New York he made Use of. 1 ".
For advocating this policy he was accused, both In New York.and.ln Rome, of
opposing Catholic education, but his views were finally accepted as correct.
Father McGlyr.n was a firm supporter of the etagle tax theory of Henry
George, and when George was nominated for Mayor of the city of New York
Father McGlynn took an active interest in the campaign. It was announced' that
he would speak at a meeting of George's supporters. Archbishop Corrigan at once
notified him that such a course could not be permitted,, but Father McGlynn re
plied in a courteous note that his withdrawal then would create a scandal, *nd
fo acted on his prerogative as a citizen. For his disobedience he was suspended
for a definite period, and shortly thereafter, because of an Interview published in
a newspaper and cabled to Rome, he was again suspended. This act was followed
by a eummons to attend the propaganda, "having first abjured his doctrines" con
cerning the single tax theories. Father McGlynn replied through Archbishop Cor
rigan, asking what the doctrines were, ap he was at a loss to know what to "ab
jure." To this came hack an order directing him to appear at Rome within sixty
days under pain of excommunication. Knowing that the Henry George doctrines
had never been examined by the church and being satisfied as well that they were
not in opposition to any tenets of Catholicism, he did not go to Rome. In July
18S7, therefore, he was excommunicated.
Immediately he formed the Anti-Poverty League, and each week addressed
meetings having for their object the extension of the single tax theories. Finally
the church b<»gan a thorough Investigation of the conduct of Father McGlynn
with the result that on December 24. 1552, he was absolved from censure and re
etored to all his priestly faculties, and two years later he was reassigned to his
old church In New York. The case created the greatest excitement throughout
America and In Catholic circles generally. . . ( , "
FATHER McGLYNN'S ONLY SURVIVING BROTHER
IS A WELL-KNOWN RESIDENT OF THIS CITY
One brother, Frank McGlynn, who resides at 1910 Dupont street, this city
survives Father McGlynn. Ten years ago the celebrated divine visited this
city and was the guest of kit nephew. Charles J. McGlynn, then residinc
at 1500 Golden Gate avenue, for more than six months, making hosts of
friends by his geniality. Another nephew, Frank McGlynn, a well-knov«.i
actor. Is now In the East. Several weeks apo he visited his uncle and wrote
home to cay that he found him in very poor health.
the rocks throughout th« retreat with
other emblems, like a ckull and the word
"Vengeance," by means of which the
Americans were able to follow.
"The Filipino treatment of the Span
ish," said Lieutenant Glllmore. "was bru
tal In the extreme. The Insurgents had
old icrudges to wipe out against them,
llany talk about the reccncentrados In
Cuba, but I have seen Spaniards dying at
the rate of two or three per day of starva
tion in the hospitals at Vigan. I have
eeen Tagalo officers strike Spaniards In
the face with whips and revolvers." -:;^
Lieutenant Gillmore declined to speak
regarding political conditions, except to
Bay that he thought the insurrection
would last as long as there were any
Tagalos left.
The members of the party reported to
General Otis this morning. They were
barefooted, sunburned and ragged. Some
carried rifles, others pet monkeys. They
attracted a great deal of attention as they
passed along the streets. Those whose en-
Usunents are about expiring will be cent
tc the United States. The others will be
returned to their respective organizations.
Among the prisoners arriving with Lieu
tenant Gillmore were F. J. Hubert, Ed
ward Burke and J. J. Farley, sailors' from
the Urdaneta; Yon Galen of the Balti
more; A. H. Gordon and George Sackett
of the Third Infantry; Leland Smith and
Frank Stone of the Signal Corps; Harry
Hubert of the Hospital Corps; William
Bruce and Edward Honey man of the Ne
vada Cavalry;' Martin Brennan and James
Curran of the Sixteenth Infantry; Albert
Bishop. of the Third Artillery, and John
O'Brien and David Brown, civilians..
Brown, who was formerly a preacher In
Honolulu, twice xevealed to the Insurgents
plots of the Americans to escape. In the
hope of gaining the good will of the Fili
pinos. The rest of the party openly ac
cuso him of treachery, and entertain the
bitterest reelings toward him. * ; •
Charles Baker, of the Third Artillery,
was- formerly one of the prisoners, but
he became too weak to travel and the Fili
pino guards bayonetted him during the
last flight through the mountains.
WARXTER'S REMEDIES.
SHIPPING
BILL TO BE
TAKEN UP
Soon to Be Considered by
Committees 'of ' Senate
and /Hquge/; / \
EARLY REPORT LIKELY
Strong Efforts WUl rßo- Mad£ to
Pass v the Subsidy 'Measnr.e ;
1 During This Session. ;;" \
Special Dl? patch to iWcaJL ,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Jan.; 7.—
Senator Frye, and Representatalve Grobve
nor, chairmen, respectively, of .the Senate
Committee, on Commerce - and ' the House
Committee on Merchant Marine and Fish
eries, are- planning to take up .the Hahna-
Payne ship, subsidy bill at. an early date.
Hearings are to be given by both commit
tees to the advocates and' the. opponents
of the measure, and it Is probable that
they will be so timed that the same men
can appear before 'both" committees on
successive days, thus making it unnecos
sary for them to come to Washington
twice. Early and favorable reports on the
bill are expected from both committees,
and strong efforts will be made to get it
through both houses during the present
session.
Division on this bill will not be altogoth
er along party lines. It has been In
dorsed by Republican platforms and con
demned by Democratic platforms in some
States, and as a rule Republicans will fa
vor It and Democrats oppose it. There
will be exceptions on both Bides, however.
It is expected that some Republicans from
the central part of the country will vote
against the bill, but. on the other hand,
some Democrats from seaboard States are
expected to vote for it. All the Democrat
ic members of the New York delegation In
the House, with possibly one exception,
are in favor of the bill, and Representa
tive Chanler, as a member of the Commit
tee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries,
will aid in~ reporting it favorably.
Opposition to the Dill will be largely on
the score of expense. It was to meet this
argument that, on the advice of Repre
sentative Payne, the same bill when be
fore the last Congress was so changed as
to limit the expenditure under it in any
one year to $9,000,(X>9. Advocates of the
bill contend that this limit would not be
reached for several years, and that the
expenditure during the first year would
not exceed J3.000.000.
The object of the bill Is stated to be to
offset, by graded payments from the
treasury, the difference in cost of con
structing vessels in the United States an<l
In Borne European countries, so far as
that difference enters into cost of opera
tion and also to offset other differences
In cost of operation. It is expected that
the enactment of this law will greatly
stimulate shipbuilding In American ship
yards and result in the construction of
enough vessels to ; carry a considerable
proportion of American commerce in
American bottoms. That this result could
not be obtained for some years is shown
by the fact that the present capacity of
American shipyards is row not more than
100,000 gross tons per year.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
K. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 23d
eral Buller in the following order
during Saturday:
"9 a. m. — Enemy attacked
Caesar's Camp at 2:45 a. m. in
considerable force. • Enemy
everywhere repulsed, but fight
ing still continues."
"11 a. m. — Attack continues.
Enemy been reinforced from
"12:45 p. m. — Have beaten en
emy off for present, but they are
still around me in great num
be " S> " a , , A
"3:15 p. m. — Attack renewed.
Very hard pressed." •
In each successive message, it
will be seen, General White em
phasizesthe seriousness of his po
sition. While he is for a, time
successful he intimates that it is
for a time only. The series ends
with the admission that he is be
ing very hard pressed by the en-
General White is by common
consent the bravest of the brave
and it is pretty sure that he would
not lose or seem to lose heart un
less his position were extremely
What adds seriousness to the
situation is the fact which one of
General Buller's con
veys that he is powerless to help
the beleaguered garrison. With
all his available troops Buller
made a demonstration toward
Colenso on Saturday, his great
object being, of course, to keep
the enemy on the Tugela occu
pied there, but he found the
trenches full of Boers. . There are
evidently enough of them to both
hold the Tugela against Buller
and to press White hard in Lady
smith.
General Buller apparently did
not at last reports feel ¦ himself
strong enough to renew his. ad
vance to.the relief of the garrison;
but he may have done so later.
If so, we can expect news of , a
bloody battle. If not, then we
shall have the remarkable specta^
cle of one British army shut up in
Ladysmith and fighting desper-
SORTIE BY THE BRITISH
RESULTS IN DISASTER
Continued from First Page.
Ing tho Boers, these intrigues will not re
sult seriously.
"Although the Boer agents and their
foreign satellites have done little during
the past week in securlhg supplies for
the Transvaal they ara still very active,
the center of the whole machinery being
Consul Pott. who. besides holding tha
agencies of various steamship lines, is tha
manager of the Empress Afrlcana Land
ing Company, which is the leading land
ing agency here. He Is, therefore, able to
facilitate the discharge of cargoes Intend
ed for the Transvaal. There Is reason to
believe that the controlling Interest In tha
Empress Afrlcana Landing Company Is
held by the Dona-i Currie Company, Btelrj
& Morrlsson and Charles Hutchinson of
Natal. Similarly the local agency of tha
Sheba gold mine is in the hands of a Ger
man firm notorious for Its persistent ef
forts to render services to the Transvaal.
"Some local British banks also assist
this business of forwarding agents by tha
acceptance of Boer drafts for collection
and by Issuing the recently minted Trans
vaal coinage. This Is Important presump
tive evidence that the Boers are securing
an Important quid pro quo. Already wool
to the value of some £15.000 has been ex
ported by the Boer republics by way at
Delagoa Bay."
WHITE SAID TO HAVE
REPULSED THE BOERS
[Special Cable to th» New Tork Herald. Copy
right, 1900. by James Oordon Bennett. R«
publtcation of this dispatch 1» prohibited.
All lights reserved In the United States and
Great Britain \
LONDON. Jan. B.— The Dally Tele
graph publishes the following from Its
special correspondent:
FRERE CAMP. Saturday— l3:4s p. a.—
By heliograph from Ladysmith comes
woTd that at 2 o'clock this morning the
Boera opened heavy fire with their can
non upon Ladysmith. and subsequently
attacked with men on all sides.
The fight lasted several hours. "Wa com
pletely repulsed the enemy with great
loss. Our guns wrought much execu
tion.. The British casualties were rela
tively slight.
CORPS OF GENTLEMEN
WILL BE RECRUITED
LONDON, Jan. B.— lt has been decided,
with the approval of the War Office, to
raise a corps of gentlemen for service la
South Africa as mounted infantry, form
ing an Integral part of the imperial yeo
manry. The corps will be raised unit by
unit throughout the kingdom. Any
civilian having the necessary qualifica
tions In respect to riding and shooting
will be eligible, as well as any former
member of the army.
The scheme of enrollment will enabla
groups of friends to serve in the sama
corps. Those* who have been accus
tomed to tracking big game In the un
civilized countries will b-j peculiarly
suited.
DR. EDWARD McGLYNN
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Heart Failure Superinduced by Bright's
Disease Ends an Illness of
Seven Weeks.
THE SAN FKANeiSCO GALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900.
SKIRMISHES
IN CAVITE
PROVINCE
•Three] Americana Are. Killed
v aiicl Twenty Wounded in
~v I\" Keodnnoissances.
IPES'MSBEAW
One "Hundred and Forty of the In
, -Biirgents. Fall on the Field
±x 0 f Battler -
Ep«ctaJ '- r>l«pat»h to Tb« Call.
.MANILA, Jan.^f.-rßeconnolssances out
otlmus.-Carlte'" province, this morning re
sulted in the loss of three' Americans
killed and twenty wounded. The enemy's
loss- Is r estimated. -at Bixty killed- and
plenty, 'woujnded. C , ' ' ?
Colonel Blrkheftner, with a battalion of
the Twenty-eighth Volunteer Infantry,
advanced toward Noveleta. Major Tag
gart, / with , two battalions of the same
regiment, moved. toward Perez Das Mari
nas. A part of the Fourth Infantry was
engaged south of Imua. - -
General Schwan's column left Muntln
lupa yesterday morning, and his Maca
bebes and some of the Eleventh Cavalry
6couts struck the enemy two miles out.
Short range firing followed In different
directions. One of our men was wounded
and six Insurgents were captured.
The column again met the enemy in the
afternoon at Binan, and with wild cheers
rushed the earthworks. One American
was killed and three were wounded. The
insurgents, whose loss was small, retreat
ed toward Sllang, where General Sohwan
is following them up to-day.
Captain G. Parker of gatllng gun fame
captured Binan and Carmona three days
ago, but his force was withdrawn, mak
ing a second fight necessary.
V. Johnson, a deserter of the Sixth U.
S. Artillery, clothed in a major's uni
form, was found among the Insurgent
dead at Noveleta . yesterday. "
GILLMORE MUST FACE
A COURT OF INQUIRY
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— Now that
Lieutenant Glllmore has returned to the
naval Bervlce, Interest is being taken la
naval circles here as to the action Rear
Admiral Watson will take. Undoubtedly
Admiral Watson will organize a court of
inquiry. It has been alleged that Lieu
tenant Gillmore acted without authority
In entering the river near Baler; that his
orders required him simply to make a
reconnolssance, and that he exceeded his
instructions.
No matter what the findings of tha
court may be, it Is the disposition of
Secretary Long to be very lenient with
the officer, believing that ho has suffered
sufficiently, even If he were guilty of
Indiscretion.
Discomfort
Ldfincj.
People, who" suffer^ after^edtinga^ feeling
asensation of fullness and heavi-
; --"ness, and who -frequently find the^ food both to
/.distend and painfully hang likeV heavy-weight
at the pit of the stomach, oP\vho.,have 4& BiUous-
i r ne"ss,:^Nausea, , Flatulency, ; Head^che,/and Coa-
y. Btipation,' should use'WARNER's^SAFE^Ci/RRiafter
meals to avoid these unpleasant^ consequences. of
inefficient Digestion.
By mixing with the food Tn the stomach
and helping to digest it, by exciting a flow of tho
gastric. juice on the food, and by strengthening
and invigorating the circulation, and soothing and
removing any kidney weakness, the physical and
nerve forces of the body are augmented, and the
generalJiealth and strength permanently built up.
Twenty yecvrs — one-third of life's allot-
ted span— this has been ,a household
favorite for alTforms of JKidney Disease,"and all
stages of Biliary Troubles. You make no experi-
ment, or mistake^ in using a "medicine
by every'civilized country. Delays afe'ex pen-
sive^ Begin, to-day.
2Jest Arrived — Cargo cf Evans'
Ale asrl «rrut: dealers r:;j;".*.;. Sherwood -t
Passed Bad Dollars.
Sped*! Dispitch to The C*TL
SXS RAFAEL,. Jan. 7.— A wamat was
procured to-day for tne arrest of "Joha
Doe" upoa ti» charge of passiac two
counterfeit dollars. According to tie
description of tie man wanted he £s be-
Ueved to be one cf tie suaxds at Saa
Quentla Prtsoe.
Rev. John Fee Not Dead.
RICHMOND. Ky.. Jan. 7.— The report
seat oat last we«k tiat P.ev. Joha Fee.
the founder of Berea CoHexe aad the
noted abolitionist, was dead was not cor
rect. Dr. Fe« L» recovering. Many Coral
offertnffs were s«at to- Berea, thinking tie
noted dlviae was dead.
Workman Drowned.
S-O« JOSS, Jan. 7.— A workaiaa named
Pepe fell o^rerbcard Croaa tie dredger at
Alvlso on Sunday evening, and was
drowned. The body has not been recoT
ere<}. He begaa worklay on the dredger
Saturday arorninj-.
m w* m mi tr
ft u/lnrK
DEPOSIT
GUARANTEE.
Erie* af a car* ta arr saa Ft»2c:jo<}
bajaX to tx» pa:ii only iftar tisy *r"? Hft
Prici^ r?aa«;naii<». No otier decters will
caka such *a ciTsr.
T'::j Csn tlia F:i! • v'h lilsnts:
Privar; Dis«3s«s ! Lest Msohbbd «
Kiinsy Dtsiraass jNsrvoos Deiili^r
B!add-r Dis^as<;s Stesplsasn^ss
Liv;r Disiisss Desrcaisnc?
H:ar: Disiases »3en;r2l D-bility
Seine Diseases L:sscf iVl«n:cry
Stomach Diseases Bleed Pobca
.Yo tecuni/e Ccses Tdttu ct Any Prfca.
Oft. MEYERS 4 CO. era tf* ealy
apee/aJrsta aa Via Pacific Cacst mho
cara diaacsas sad madaaaa cf aaa
txdutitaty.
DR. JCSTTEBS * CO. ¦sea&set ti« Zarr-
«t ami b««t ««j3lsT*<l aMicai tsaosscusu
i.-.d bar* tae scat cir •; j'.t« practie* ta
tie wcrliJ. Tier arcM tS« ca* oc ail
mineral, potsccona or <£ros9
aad -I*ctrlc b«li^ All tieir r»sn«l>« *rs
car*rally cumgcgndeit la taetr p*l ji*»
laScratsry. wttaca: cc«t ta tieir B*ti«ata.
HOME CUHE9—FAEE BOOK.
Taeuaasda of siea ar« -rjr*-I at scss
rr«ry- y»*r. X Tf* canaot Tiatt San Fraa.-
etsco. wrtta for fr<!e prt»at« boo*. a<i7tc«.
list. «tc All ccrr^apoailffacß
cocadestlaL No grtar^c an es-r-icpea or
;acka««« ta tadlcau sasie or seeder.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
T3I MAMKET ST., S. ¦% *
Tab* E!«<vat»r ta Third Floor.
IDallT. 3 ta S. j
HOUHS: ISvaiass. * ta t
if^mvt*r<aL
t visit OR- JORDAN'S naurr*
JsusEuajf L£!{£[OHY#i
ty^ TSe Ljry^sc *a»tamiat Xascan !a 0m \
4 ¦< IP" im_ *«* * e«^^»« «r any "J"u*-i»<l J
9 /Sal Sp«i».Jst ci a* C.:«ii Ejc.]ar=us. 9
* aUSi 4 cb. jcisxi-rarf ah cjsusis 4
T f j4m S <.-n-fu:raram ft-— and «rr!» '
A I £fl& tt Tiv emenc pertonaliy or b-» lener. A m
! ! * 5B A«n«» Caraiaevervasa-jmiisßßicea. i
Art A » w rre«cr B-«*. raiiamroT #f 4
f1 J |1T itaaiut. iitzia fin, uf i
1 A II valuable bank 6=r a^i; i I
f 08. J U K D 4>A CO . Xf.i Mxrx". SIL. 9. F. F
Badwa/s
Pills
Psre!r »«r*tAif*- =-¦! •=<! »Oatt«. Caaa* !
p«rt?«t 4l«CTtlaa. eoi=slet» abaorstSaa asa
For ti* cur« of all <l!acrler» «f ts* Stsmaes.
LIW. Bcw-la. KMaey*. BZ*d£ee. Feaiaia Ir-
»«ilir.2et Sick Ecatiac&e. Btllcnas<na. Coo- '
ftiiaSca. P"-<sa aail all derxsmneata c< ti» >
latcrsal vtaccra. Sc a bex. A£ D. 'JMXtMta.
ar br mall HAOWAT A CO.. Xew T ;rt •
AMERICAN BANK IN MEXICO.
JTe-w Concern Opened Under the 2lan
a^enient cf Gecrg-e Has.
CTTT OF MEXICO. Jan. 7.— A new
banking concern opens her- Monday for
business under the title of tie United
States Banking Company, with COO.*'*)
paid tn capital. George J. Ham i 3 man
ager. Tie American Eank earned last
year -TO per cent. Tie growth of tie
Americaa banking establisimeat is one o"
the most utgnttteaat signs of success, as
Is the augmentation ta value cf Ameri
can investments.
Mme. Bazaine Not in Danger.
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. 7.— Madame
Bazaine. widow of tie late Mar3ial 3a
raine of France, continues ill. but is not
supposed to be in immeiiiat* danger.
Pr-Ciricn Thar He T*lll Occtrpy the
CHICAGO. Jan. ?.— Ur»y We**d*oc it ¦
Sleatucky, National Ccmnt:tt-»«?~a.n frcm
tiat State ar.d a memrer of tie Ways j
and Yet r^ CoztaiLttee. wna <•%•-¦*¦ to Chi- ¦
cago ca arteaa tie JacJtsocian :an«uet. j
¦aid:
"2£r. Gceiel win TS? in possess: ;n cf tie
Gor-error' • c£c« tetweer. Jaasary and
?"«rruary. 3kfr. BJackicra a--.d no< Mr. ;
*yztt*± is tie man -*-±.c insisted oa carry
ing tie contest up to tie Legislature."
CAPTAIN SAMUEL REBER.
OWING to the recent visit to tils
city of Major General Nelson A.
I Miles witi his wife and daughter,
additional Interest Is found by tie
people of San Francisco In the en
gagement cf Miss Miles. The young lady.
3.3 ia pretty generally known, will be
come tie bride of Captain Samuel Reber.
U. S. A., tie coming "Wednesday. Tie
young cScer. whose mother was a* Sher- \
man. is a cousin of Miss Miles, and the :
two have been sweethearts since tiey .
w<?re boy and girl together.
Captain Reber was bom tilrty-Sve ;
years as"> ia Missouri and is a graduate of i
West Point. He nas had a distinguished j
career ta the army and rendered excel- j
lent service tn tie stsrnal department witi :
tie army in Porto PJco. The captain is
an expert in electricity.
Tinnka. vaJts«3 and poclcetbocka otir
spectiltles. AH I«a.ther roods Istteriwi la
cold fr<?e of cnaxys whea bon^ht from
Saaborn, Vail & Co. •
BRYAN TO SOUND THE
CAMPAIGN'S KEYNOTE
Extraordinary Preparations Being
3£ade in Omana for the Jack
sonian Banauet.
Special Dispatcn ta The CaSt.
OMAHA. Neb.. Jan. 7.— Extraordinary
prenarati<;n3 are beinjr mailn for tile Jick
sonian banquet Momiay r.ljht. Over 3)0
tickets have been taken. Local Demo
crats say that Mr. Bryan's response ta
the toast. "Our Nation." will be the key
note of tie campaign, and will be a care
ful, lengthy exposition of the issues upon
which the next national platform win be
founded. Edward P. Smith, president of
the Jacksonian Club, said he looked for
most sig-niflcant utterances by Mr. Bryan
at the banquet, yet he could not say
wherein the speech would dl^Ter from that
delivered by Mr. Bryan In Chicago Satur
day ni^ht. From another reliable source
came the opinion that Mr. Bryan would
put special stress oa tie currency bill
pending tn Coasres3, and thereby set tie
pace for party orzaaa aad workers
throughout the country.
Hoa. Davtd Overmeyer of Kansas win
coaflae his remarks to tie money ques
tion when he responds to tae toast. "His
tory Repeatj Itself." He will seek to
show that the money Question la not a
dead political issue.
Conjreaamaa E. TV. Carmack of Ten
nessee will respoad ta the toast. "Impe
rialism." aad It ts said hia remarks win
be tasptred by the National Democratic
Committee and directed particularly to
the voters of the Sorrtiem States. Ti*r»
will be nine set speeches, mostly by local
lights. Bryan, and Carmack will reach
Omaha, to-morrow.
AGED WOMAN DIES.
Four Generations Succeed Sirs. Hen
derson of Sniscn. •
Sperf*: Dlspot'--h to The Call.
SmSTTN. Jan. 7.— Mrs. CyrthJa Hsnder
son died this afternoon at tie horn* of
her datig-hter. Mrs. Calvin Rearas. tn Sui
st:n valley, at the advanced aare of ninety
six years and five months. Sic was tie
eldest person ta Solano Couaty. Mrs. Hen
derson had lived here nearly half a cen
tnry and had descendants living- tn at
least a dozen, counties of California. She
had four daughters living and on© son.
the latter. Thomas Henderson, postmas
ter of Upper Laks. The total number of
descendants living- 13 seventy -seven, there
betn? forty-<"tght irrandchildren. seven
teen great frrar.d children and seven of tie
fourth generation. The deceased pos^
Bessed remarkable vitality, her memory
being unimpaired a P_. to within a very few
days of her death- Her Illness lasted only
about five weeks. Sac reccgmlzed all those
about her up f> Just one hour before tie
end came.
Koreans Admitted.
Sp^ctal tUsoasch ta Tae CaC
TACOIIA. Jan. 7.— lmmigration Inspec
tor ¦Walker to-day admitted eljrnt Korean
passengers on the steamer Queen Ade
laide, who are carrying ta San Francisco
a. doien bty trucks and boxes filled with
Oriental herbs and drugs. They are g-o
tasr to- San Francisco to start a drag- store
having been written to by friend 3 thai
they can make fortunes there by operat
ing aa apothecary shop on tie Korean
plan.
GREAT DEMONSTRATION
AT GAMBETTA'S TOMB
Freraier Waldeck-Roussaaa Given, a
Vote cf Thanks for His Defence
of France.
PARIS, Jaa. 7.— There was aa impos
ing- republican demonstration to-day en
tie occasion of the annual pllgTimag-* to
Gamb«?tta"3 monument at Ville d'Avray.
a subtirb of Paris. Despite the inclem
ent weather, aa enormous crowd was
in attendance. The premier, M. Waldeck-
Rousseau, and tie Minister of War. the
Marquis de Gallifet. sent represeata
t)ves. •-'-•» ¦
Senator Tiecdore Caxot delivered the
principal speech, appealing ta tie name
1' Gaaibetta for '"union and concord, of
which France never atood more ia need
cian she dees to-day."
The meeting voted aa address of con
gratulation to the premier upon bis cam
paign ia defense of the republic
EX-CHIEF KINGSBURY DEAD.
?assed Away Suddenly at His Home
in Stockton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Jaa. 7. -Ex -Chief aad ci-
Captaia of Police Klagsbury died sudden
ly this mo rains about * o'clock. His wife
awoke and heard him Kive a few gasps
as tiouga ta pain. Speaxln? repeatedly
to hlai aad recelvtay no reply, she be
came alarmed, aad. iriil-r. lit tie g&s.
She fouad her husbaad dead. He attend
ed the L O. O. F. Lcdce tastallatioa La«t
evening 1 ta best of health, returning home
about midnight. He coaversed with his
wife aad made no complaiat of Illness.
Milton H. Kiayibury was a native cf
Maiae aad abent v) years cf age. He waa
well connected, and had been a leading
Odd Fellow for many years. He leav-a
a widow aad three children. Hs was ft
popular yart, best kaown for aia ganiaJ
good nature, aad was liked by all classes.
Dairyman Disappears.
Special THspatca ts Tae Can.
PASADENA. Jin. 7.— August Hailau ft
dairyrnaa et tils city, who was thotirht
to have teea a steady fellow, has disap
peared witi tie proceeds of tie sale of
tie business, and It Is not known whether
he Is the victim of foul play or has de
serted his family. The latter, consisting
of a. wife and four children, are let: ta
destitute circumstances. They came here
from Germany a year axo aad cannot
speak Ec£li3h. They have no relatives
here who are able to take care of them
aad tiey are tierefcre placed upoa tie
ciarity cf netfhbors and the benevolent
organization. Mrs. Haila will not near to
anything- a«aiast her husband, whom she
believes has been made away witi far tie
large sum cf money he had oa his per
soa.
BRYAN AND ALTGELD
ATTEND A LUNCHEON
Fare-JE-ell Fn2.ctioa. in Hcncr of San
B. Ccok of Denocratic Naticnal
Ccnmi**"ee.
CHICAGO. Jan. 7,— Maaa^ex J. G. Join
son cf tie Democratic National Commit
tee gave a farewell luncieon at tie Sher
man House tiis evening- ia honor of Sam
B. Cook cf the Ways and Means Com
mittee. Mr. Cook left to-aig-it for Mis
souri to look after hl3 canvass for Secre
tary of State, after a year's work witi
the National Committee witi Chicago as
his he^iifjuarrers.
Amoag those present a: the luncieon
wer^: William Jennings Bryaa. former
G<>vernor Alt^eld of Illinois aad Urey
Woodson. of Kentucky, a menrber of the
National Committee; Cfcta Sells of lowa.
I EUmore "W. Hurst of Reck Island. IIL:
i Wtlliam J. Abbott of tie Democratic Na
| tional Press Association. Norman E.
Mack. BuJTalo: former Governor William
J. 3tone of Missouri. Major W. A. Deford.
Kansa3. secretary to Manager Johnscr::
Jud^e E. F. Dunne of -Cilcagn. Sam B.
Cook and Ju^s-fi Johnson.
Mayor Harris«jn wij conspicuously ab
! ser.t. W. H. Hirtrelchsen of Jack3onvtlle.
j 111., is said to be 3l.\:e<i to succeed Mr.
I Cook as manaz-er of the Ways and Means
! Committee. William J. Bryan and W. J.
j Abbott left to-cig-it for Omaha, where
I both win speak to-morrow at tie ban
1 quet of tie Jacksoniaa Club of tiat city.
CALIFORNIANS IN MEXICO
Capital E*ing Fr-*ly _In -rested in. Va
rious Enterurisas.
CITT OF MEXICO. Jan. 7.— California
capitalists are yotn? Into fruit cultur* ta
the States of Vera Crus aad Oajcaca un
der favorable auspices. Americans are
buytas concerns, smelters, etc.. aad ar«
dalny aa tacreaslay buslaesa. aad Aaieri
caa caercantlle firm* are bejtaalas ta
take a. aiost cr»dltabla share of tie bus
iness. Railways under Americaa taaa
aeeaieat are dels; a bifg-er boslaess taaa
ever, and duriaj tie last few mentis of
tie* previous year aad begtaatnz of tia
current year hare- done aa Immense
amount of traSe. The growth cf Ameri
can banking facilities only keeps pac*
witi. the prepress of American, cooaasree
aad Industrial activity aare.
WOMAN TO BE HANGED.
French Governess' la. Losdca. I£nsz
SaSer for 3£nrder.
LONDON. Jan. B.— Th« Hom« ' Secre
tary. Sir Matthew VCTHts Ridley, de
clines to Interfere with, tis seateaos of
death passed upon lime. Louise llasset.
a Freaci g-ovemess living ia England.
for ti« lacrder of her tlie^itimate sou.
a. child of 3 years, whose existence was
an obstacle to a marriage she had ta view.
The condemned wocaaa will be handed
next Tuesday.
General Stanton Ill.
OMAHA. Jaa. 7.— General T. H.
Staaton. U. S. A., retired, is critically ill
at ' his residence Ia this city. General
St*itoru who for sime time served !a the
position of paymaster at Washington,
aad was later promoted ta brigadier gen
eral, came to his home here last fall, and
Just before Christmas was toJcea 111 witi
aa affection cf tie liver. He has retained
his bed ever since, and the illness has
not yielded to tie treatment employed by
his family physician. While the life of
tie veteran t3 not considered to be la
Immediate danger, yet bi3 condition is
critical, and ts causing tie greatest con
cern to hia friends and physicians.
Boy Drowned.
CHICO. Jan. i..— Herbert Archer. a»»d S,
was drowned to-day ta Chlco Creek. The
boy was attempting to catca driftlay 1053
whea ac lost his balance aad fell tato the
stream swollen by receat storms. Tae
heavy enrreat carried aiai ont of aiyat be
fore assistance could be rendered. Lata
cal3 evening tie boly was found a mit^
below the point where the boy fell law
tae streaa.
Will Succeed Murray.
Special Bfcicatea to Tne OilT.
lEESA. Jaa- 7.— Fraalc "Woodanry.
o&clal court reporter of Trlalty Cotiaty*
oas been appointed by Judye J. s. Beard
conrt reporter cf st3kiyoti Cotraty. to suc
ceed EL ilurray.
TELEPHONE GRA-NT 33.
f IEBENBAUM
?- 222-224 SUITES STREET -f
SPECIAL
Z «QMOAY— TUESDAY- -WH3SHSQ4Y ?
t Haas e-^sIT I& Z
t Baliiltt's Sea? 15 to 5Ca ?
-*- CCCC2-3t Q 135 ?
? R*Tilir!y ate. ?
E*siiir;y ttarsc
? Sii'ii JCeiKi fcij $j.QS Z
+. G-rraiae. H*s^*t'.t CS. -,
: 0 X WH&rj p! S3.CO -
The okJ r«i!asl«. 1 7»ar» j t .l. ?
? n*g3butj v »=<l n. 3 ben: ¦¦» SCOO
> DasfrtfCea tstBs:*
C^ia-». t^» S«t arecl* frr ia=.lras-
aad £C::=s: fc.cr. Rffs^arly H.
? Fclfe LEIC& 83125 521& 2:2 *
wtta Coes; tatia cy Ei» a wa:>; ?
a=»l can ;» carr!i-i Is. C:-* ;i;ciit.
? Ca^iia Stratus
-?¦ La.r?st ;=:pr-jreul stTfea. fi«2 as<J "?¦
P-»nlar C- Xaw »»>» T
? WfJ: =joTraSte rlas. Bosfiuty r: » -•
. -•:-• fCUO
jU onl7 at ti«»p srtr^a.
"*" Rftrr Mt^s Gt;:od «=aacr ?
?¦ V. LS. Sit 9Or ?
t- S. Xow 51 . i¦« >
*^^ «*^^i =aa7 Instances ti-»
\ y^^3 c disease Ls cem-
At a3 «n»!»f». 3Se. a »taL O=d» ts H»aia
3 At Auction!
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY January 9. I9OD,
AT n (TCLOCS SOOX A?
(hr Safcsrana, ISS Sark^t Strsst
r^-w^tewn ?nT-ststes.-^ acrrisaae eerier
Strwkt^n %=rj PactSc jta.: I-*t2r7 br*cic bu^i-
i=»; ma »3 p*r =ctti; lot M:3t?B.
L-?a.T-=-»crti-!t. iara: e&K aids: C 3 cad
sicnti; ~:lix3C. • "
B7 cri«r of Sa.f^is3 tsO. 1.-i.-. 3cci«r. tJ »!•-
ra=t tix::ci:=ir lota -jn Jameson, Liriia *3tl ?^.
cel>c; i3T»3tiri?n; tr t^sn-r-iil ir'.^a mciiar-:
¦^•?st»r2 Ai.iiticrt Sara: •»•»? «•.!<•: SU to
I3tjS Scatter «t-. :<ar EUia: * el*^3jit =:o«lj»r2
Ca.^3. 4 aa-i T r:c=a »ad ia-Ji: r-=ta C2T a c«-
socti; 50t3<>.
Socti ol Mari?* t=T»st=«=t; tut siim: 3 to
S Z.:e St.. near ErTint: Stjk fcn»M:-» T: j «-jr-»
*2d 5 iia it i rpcr=3 aad fcaia: i ¦ r?*r tntii-
tajf ?•""" z..r.:-.r > r!ic3 oc 4 &2d S roomsi r.^r * !
nsts on r«r siesta.
JCss-xa r-aiiancs: west tfte: tc Ca^p it..
sear TwentT-JJurti; ictiae I rxra mal Sata-
SxSS.
¦VC»steT3 Aiiiac-E rwtience: east «ila: vr.t
r.i.c^r st. cear- Sajrra=<r:ta: TOt^vrs i rwcLi
Hr! tati: r~s.Z3 C 3; S-ttl^rl
Staaica cottx<?a: a^rtii^ijrt corner 5a2 Jo»»»
«t». ; S3l to 33T isii Sl4-a rw"nr»-»:2-.a «.: ¦»
?KrtA? Kei*Sa tea: scrr^i «M» T»"iHii »e_
I<s w«wt Lamina St.; two ei«»ya=t r?a:iiiace;
-I «aca. ~.-\ __^^
Eat^« iICD aid TT»sirMr «t».; Sacae * mccia
•ad b*ta; re=ta CO: r:irC.i
r>ynx r'.rwmrr' & m
Sore Spot
Eye=Glasses
C*3 %• buuxat aarwSar*. 5e crsr «15?«. wifca
it ta* cc«a wniscs •. ti-3 cr ;tat:X eu ;=..- ~.+
baa af aa.
CcsliJts' BrwcrWlcßs Elsd. QslcX r*p»ir-
v~t TiSXsrr es prcaiaes. Ficce. Yx'.i J.
642 MarxET st, aiTsaaim
? ?
: Palace and :
: Grand Hotels ••
? T?r 2<?art7 1 cf a ces^sry ts* *
? :• Li .-£ ioceia aa tin Pacaac Cca^. ?
? WUi tii"'. isnnTKStta «~^ cca- ?
? t«u«ic«9 tie 7 eecinne to 6» ta» irU- ?
i-uarter* fcr t^urt3ts aad tr*vil«r« Tt»- •
? JOHN C. Trrog-p-tTorrrr.
? V^r»f»-
DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, iIVER.LU.VGS;
fywy^^ij r?aia<t7 i:r QcaorracsJ
X*% ia« ¦» hhbti tic a. ¦.rrti»E^3 jr u«rv
Weak Men and Women
SEOCT-D C3cl DAiIiAXA STTTnas. IH3
zrvst M*T!rmn rcisactr; r-'^a 2-»-:2 »^_;
MME. BERNHARDT
DEFIED THE RAILWAY
Tock Her Dcg Into a Carriage acd
"Wa» Very Fomally Prcsecated
Sr«"rtal r>*jrat;li t- Th* CaTL
PARIS. Jan. ?.— Tie authorities of Bor
i-a-i^ i.-tve acde.l to tie gayety of aa
tirns by tie prosecution of Mac. Sarah
B^rniardt. It appears tiat some weeks
ago. during ier tieatneai tour, tie great
trag-edienne was leaving- Bordeaux, when
lust as tie train was about to start a
ticket ccllector opened tie deer of la
Sana's compartment and fouad her maid
and pet dog. Ke immediately ordered the
maia to have tie do? placed ta tie
guard's van. The maid protested. "Eut
IX is Mm. Berniardt's dogT
*"I dont care tf tt i 3 tie dvz of tie
President of tie republic, it will have to
go Into tie g-uar-is van." was tie reply.
Oa tie refusal of tie maid a commis
sary cf police was cail*»d in, who con
tented himself by noting the refusal «.f
lie maid and allowing the train to pro
ceed. A.ie same evening he made a
formal report to headquarters. This put
tne wncie legal machinery la movement.
A rcgatory commission was at cure sent
ont cf Paris. It asked nratly for full par
ticulars regarding a person named Sa--ai
Eernaardt and sectjndly for information
regarding tie morality and caaa o*
liveliaooc cf tiis woman.
Tie incident caTiseti great amusement
In Paris, and la Sarah, wio has been in
terviewed. decLaxed tiat sic had been
fcuad guilty o< contravention of railway
reguiaUoas. She admitted that a magis
trate had called ca ier ta ask her her
christiaa name and surname ard other
similar details, but was most perfectly
polite ta fgmntns what was a pure for
mality.
MAY CARRY CONTEST TO
THE FEDERAL COURTS
E^tLblicans of Ke^tTicky Will Op
pcae Sel-ctioa cf Go<-bei to ths
XTnncst Linit.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Jaa. 7.— Republican
leaders, who are on coendentiai terms
witi Governor Taylor, intimated to-night
that tie Republican contested may not
quit tie rght m the event of tie Legis
lature and State contest board voting to
seat Gcebel ils Governor ami tie otber
Ijemacraiic contestants. They have by
no means given up tope thai tiey will
win tn tie Legislature, but are taking
time ty the fsreioc* tnd ars locking
around for ether co-rea ta case Gcwbel
should wta. It la ceearaHy believed they
will seek to raise a federal question and
take ti« case into the United States Su
preme Court.
The House will ta-ncrrow take up tie
Information filed Ia the Senate Saturday
cia-Ting Whilien and Ryaa with at
tempting to bribe Senator Harrell ta tha
GcT-mcratip contest, tcyetiex with tie
resolution providing far a point tnvesti
jatlca cotamittee. The resolution, ts prac
ucally certain to go thrcugn.
Seratcr Earrett. chairniaa of the Re
publican Joint Caucea. has called a cau
cus to meet to-morrcw night to nominate
a candidate for Senator. Former Gov
ernor W. O. Bradley will be tie nominee.
Ke wi.l probably be caned by acclama.-
MAYOR STRONG'S SUPPORTERS.
Xcn-Partist-s Seek to Orgaaize Into
TOLEDO. Ohio. Jin. t— The Kippcrt-rs
cf Mayer Samuel H. Joaes In his nca-
P2^tl san eampalga iro organizinir his
strK: Sti into a party movement, which
has for tts object the control cf several
congressional districts in the corner of ti-
State ce^t fall, and. if possible, tie elec
uon cf Mr Jones to the United States
Senate ia ~X2. There will be a cocferer.ee
la .urtieranre of the plan between tha
mayor and leaders of the non-partisan
movement In Cincinnati kad Cleveiar-.i as
¦ooa as Mr. Jrces rturru from New York.
Refused to Pay Jury Fees.
Sp*»ctal D!arat:2i ta The Can.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. T.-Jadgu Aacellot
tl has ordered the Grtffea will contest
stricken from tie calendar, for tie r«a
soa that the jury fees, amounting ~zo
XIOO. remaia enpaid. Kate O'Connor, a
daughter of the deceased, with other rel
atives, presented the wiU for pn>bate. It
was contested cy Patrick Mulvaney a
«oa-ta-law.
No War Tax Revision.
CHICAGO. Jaa. T.-A special to tae
Tlmes-Kerald froo Waahingtoa quotes
Coagressaiaa Hopklas of tie House Ways
isJL Means Committee as saying there will
be no revision of tie war revenue tax
Law at tiis session of tie Flfty-ai^ta Con
gress.
TERMINUS FOR
RUSSIAN SHIPS
Government Agents Visit
Coast Ports.
PORTLAND, Jn£ ".— A. Ba--Iyrski and
two other pmminent Russians arrived
here yesterday. They represent the Rus
sian Government in an oficial capacity,
and came to tie Paciflc Coast for tie pur
pose of recommending a terminus far a
great Russian steamsiip line.
The Russian Government has derided to
establish a lineof steamers between Vladi
vostok and seme port on the Pacinc coast
of the United States. Mr. Eadynski sad
his two companions are commissioned to
examine the ports cf tie Pacinc and re
port back to their Government on tie ad
vantages of each.
VV Uliam K. Mills, general land agent of
the Southern Paci3c. met tie Russioa
commissioners, and tiey started to-day
for San Francisco as hi 3 guests In his pri
vate car.
PHILIPPINES ARE
TOO FAR AWAY
Bacon's Opposition to
Retention.
Sretia: Dlsjarca tn T>- Call.
CAI-L HEAD<iCARTETRS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.—
Senator Bacon cf Georgia, who will prob
ably be tie foremost Democratic Sen
ator la opposition ta tie permanent re.
tention of tie Philippines, made tiis re
ply to a question 3.3 to why he is op
posed to expansion: "I understand the
question to relate to tie particular ex
pansion which will result If the Philip
pine Islands are permanently annexed to
the United States. I axa not opposed to
expansion which will, under proper con
ditions, secure the annexation of terri
tory contiguous ta tie United States
whose people can be assimilated to our
own. and which can La the future be
properly admitted as a State la tie
Union.
"An . important fa«t tos.be bore* in
mind tn considering- this Question is that
the Philippine Islands are 7000 mi!es away,
thickly populated witi an Asiatic race"
having absolutely nothing tn common
with tsc American people, and many of
th<*m with customs and tnatttttUaoa ab
u^ 2^. t0 our civilization. It ts improb
able that these people should ever be
jus&soatcd to the American people. It
is equally Improbable tha.- tiey should
ever be displaced by Americans or Eu
ropeans. The islands will tor ail time be
substantially peopled by Asiatics only.
In deallr.g with tie question of per
manent annexation, therefore. It may be
accepted as aa unchanging condition
tnat these islands thus remotely situated
are for all time to be Inhabited by this
utter aiien and foreign ri.ee, which can.
never be Americanized."
WAR QUESTION
BEFORE SENATE
Many Important Topics
to Be Taken Up.
WASHINGTON. Jan. T.— The w»ek In
the Senate necessarily will be eiven xip
largely to speecimaking. Beginning Mon
day morning. Senator PettigreWs resclu
tioa asking for information, concerning tie
Philippine war will come rz-p- a^'-i se and
probably other Senators will speak upon
it. This wtll occur during tie saominf
hour.
Senator Morgan has &v*tl notice cf a
speech en Monday, in wbici te will d'.s
cuss tie race question in tie South. If
any time is left tiat 'lay It will be de
voted to the continuation of the dlscu«
ston cf the financial bill, some of tie Sen
ators oa the opposition replying to Mr
A Id rich-
Tuesday Secatcr Beveridge will- deliver
his speech on the Philippines problem,
and Wednesday will be devoted to euloeie*
of the late Vice Presid-nt Kobart. The
greater part of tie remainder cf the wrek
will be devoted to tie financial measure.
the object of the mar.ax»rs of the finar.rtal
till being to give as much time a3 possible
to this measure until it is acted upon. It
is now understood that almost all th-i Sen
ators eppesed to the bdl will talk upon it
tefcr 1 ? the vote Is taken, but there feui 1 *
not yet been ary arrangement of th»
order In which they will address tie Sen
ate.
The bride-to-be Is several years younger
than her Intended and is a great favorite
In social circles in Washington. She fs
bighly accomplished, possesses a quick
mind, and her wtda experience, gained
during ier teens at tie army frontier
posts, has jlven her a breadth and
strer.jrth of character not usually po3
jessed by rouns 3<:cietT belles.
MISS CECILIA SHERMAN MILES.
CAUSE OF CUBA
LIBRE BRIGHTER
Islanders Welcome Gen
eral Wood.
EATANA. Jan. T.— The dinner in
icacr cf General Masse Last evening- at
tie Tacc-n T c eater »v a great success.
Ma«c. ta respendiny ta a tcast
ts his iealti. said:
"Tie cause cf Cuba llbre was never
bri«iter than new. President HcXlnley.
In sending- General "Wood, chose tie only
man to whom tie confidence cf all dashes
cf Cubans ccu!d be given. It was General
Weed who. when a former Governor urjid
President McKinley that it would be dan
r?rcca ta remove a sin?> American sol
dier frcm tie island, urj-d tie reduction
at tie military in iia own province by
cne-half. Ncr do we forget that the
province cf Sarrtiajra ¦was admittedly tie
most diScult to govern. Governor Wood
administered tie affairs cf tiat province
in x manner eliciting- tie plaudits cf tn*
ciTtllxe-I world. Ke cid not truckle to fac
tion nor to ils own cruntrymen. but ie
rained the !ct* and cor.idence of tie en
tire community by his splendid work, his
fearless and impartial management of af
fairs and his evident d-?sir» to give tne
Cubans every opportunity to prove them
seivea worthy cf seif-eovernment.'*
MOCKING BIRD
A TOTAL WRECK
Rushed Into a Solid
Wall of Ice.
NARROW ESAPE OF HER CREW
c. h. DircrrrT szsioitsly is"-
JTTSLED AIH> 3LLY DHL
First Week cf the Sew Tear 21arked
by Unprecedeiitedly Se-rers
"Weathsr in tha
North.
?-tc!±L Etsr»rrn ta Ti* Ci;
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 7— Ti« 2r»t
week cf the new year has been niark»d
by unprecedenredly serere weather In tie
aorta, tie tee on Lyna canal harbor
freezing eighteen inches tiiclc la two
Ga.y3 and nights and traiSc on the
Paaa and Yukon Railway bein^ termin
ated indefinitely by a succession of snow
falls and slides that have buried tie rails
from 30 to 2C4> feet.
The only serious maritime disaster cf
LmC <w cCa . ,-i » ... . L*i™ - . wL*Cr i^ -* - t a t ¦*- %. - - - rm^
ilocklns Bird as a victim, tils craft piy
lng- between STcaguay and Hamea ilissiua,
via Dyea. Sic had been vfadCboctad 3tnc« i
Chri^tn:a3. and Captain HaiL her skipper. ,
seized the first opportunity, on tie 33ta ;
ult.. to try and deliver his delayed pas- i
sender* and postal matter. Oa reaching' i
tie racß*d point of rocks shelterim^ Dyea
Bay he found unbroken ice aiead. and
miscalculating its tilcknesa decide>l ta
ram It. his steamer betnsr Stted witi a
steel bow eils? tor winter wort Tie ice
was too solid to be successfully charged.
however, and tie ilockin^ Bir-I reboundeti i
from the impact wtth a sapin^r hole in her
bow, tirou^n which the wiser po>rred. She
was seen tii have received her tieati blow, i
aaa turning as speedily as possible Captain
Hall ran for tie nearest snore, two miles
astern, defying the tea and churning
surf.
A3 tie steamer ran for .he lives cf those
aboard it became evident that ah* could
cot make shore with her customary full
speed, and casting: prudence to the winds
Engineer Gibson made fast tie safety
valve and "•turned her loose." Sic was
within 3Cu yards cf shore when sic turned
oc her side and the ice hammers com
menced their work cf battsrinj her ta
bits.
Captain Hall. Hnsineer Gibson. C. H.
Dewitt and Thomas Benson, passengers.
Jumped when tiey saw tie end ccminx.
and wer-s ultimately picked trp by a boat
from shore. D«witt received so severe a
nervous shock that he Is still ia tie hes- ',
pital and likely ta dl*.
GENERAL GREELY
SERIOUSLY INJURED
Famous Arctic Explorer Thrown Down
a Long Flight of Stairs by a
Drunken Assailant.
VFf^^u 1 %T.TnX, Jaa. T— General A. TV.
Greeiy. tie ciief signal cCcer of tie
1,-nr and ti« well-known Arctic ex
- - -r. u<* ia a serious condition, at his
ir=e as tie result cf an. aasa.ult com
dtted -ye iim about iolf-raJt $ o'clock
tr-ni^it by *^«. r -rtics. a aies
scjn^er in tie e=p4Qy cf tie Adazaa Ex
;r-sa Contpany.
Furnace, wio Irres la E»ltJ=icre, ta
cc=peny wtts a. friecd named Gecrr^
Uirpty. «pen.t tie 43-7 la 'Wajiinrtca
d.".nk^i? until late Ia tie Afternoon, wiea
t.-*7 stirted fir a disreputable pcrtioa cf
the tewn. Tiey lost their way and finally
reached tie ncrti western section of tie
ci-y ttrvzd. tie^tite. War and Navy de
partatenta. l_ey arat tried to cxia adaiis
s.cn ta tne residence cf E. D. Ktry fc^t
':¦-:-£ unable tj <Jo *a. coattnsed. ca tieir
» i-y us G street. ¦
Twice tiey went to tie iccae cf Gesieral
Gr^*ly. Tie 2rst attenpt ta obtaJa ad
caLssioo. was iaa.ile a« a friend of ti* faca-
Uy calling- to pa.7 a visit ta the daughter
cf tie g-»?:erai. Later t=-»y naaxie anctier
effort actl persistei in rinsir.? tie door bell
and otier'srise oreatlss' a disturbance until
inally General Gr^eiy carae cut to ex
postulate wtta tfc ;=a- They refused ta
leare tie bciLse. and after some words
Furnace seized tie general and tirew bini
dowa tie tens il?-t cf stairs -aiicii as
cend frcra tie pavement to the house,
wiici standa on a iigi terrace. Tie fall
cut a serer* kaah la tie back cf the gen
eral's head. He wu picked up and taken
into tie touae and medical aid tvx« sum
azoned. He r»malaed uacoaadoua for
about an tour.
Mur-h- toci no part ia tie assault, but
when he saw what his companion had
den*, took to his ieela. Pcxaaec, who is
years of ase. offers no excuse far h:a
act. Ke w-is .irrested.
Late to-ci*at tie piysidaa atteadin?
General Greeiy »aid ie would recover.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CAIiL, MONDAY, JAXTJABY S. 1900.
GENERAL MILES' DAUGHTER
WILL WED ON WEDNESDAY
FRIED ONIONS
Indirectly Caused the Death, cf the
"World's Greatest G«neraL
It Is a. matter ci iiat-ry tixt Napc'eoa
was a I'jumai. a_i inordinats terer ct
the f~x;d tifrcs cf tie table, and iistsry
.4.b_VT. . . mB -^ ¦ ¦- ¦ «&V **E ..C t.. J .— <• 1 -
rr-.*d *r'nr»' iis c^iti rrcm cancer of
rtomtrfc. it is claims alsc. was profcaily
-i i?^-.! frym his excessive iad-ly*nce of
-_t:s fm-lness tar tie cd=r-;r;s vejetaile.
Tie cnica is cndcTittedly a. wiole-
«onz/« xrt:c> cf f;cd. in fact Zjls many
iaxl '-"alities 1" valae, tat it wauid
b« i:~ralt ta md a. mere iadlyestiile ar-
zidLt tiar. fried cniotis. and ta many pea-
pte taey ir» siatply poison; bt;t tie caioa
----- rtAnd alone ia this respect. Any
arttde -f tao& tiat is not ticrcujfiiy d:-
£'*' ed Z*<xyzi!is a. f c^rce cf disease aad
iiscorrfort whether it te fried cniocs cr
Th* reasoa why aay whc{«co* foo»i Is
-. - pratastly diverted Is fcecxase tie
ttxwracc. icne itotasxns lack peptaae.
n are def.rlent ta raatnc r&l
,--rs lark iycirocaiorlc acid
X M one r*'.-g n»ces«ary t» do in aj;y
ca..--- cf p»x:r dif^stioii is ta supply tioee
— :-nts cf exertion wiich ti* Btasuuh
lilies, a^id notiing- do*=s -'-'• sc tiorc^Lffi-
- - i «aLf«iy as Stsartf* Dysp«paia. Tai-
Dr. Rlciaxisca ta. wrftiaa: a. tiests ca
t-«atn«at cf dyspe-ala. and iadtjestica.
c:js«?« iis resaarks by sxytn^r: "Fcr tioae
-TZ^rirg frszi acid dyrpepsia.. shown by
:-. - 1- — r-i-ii._cT ;.-„- iafilent dj^-
pepsU ehowa cy jas en stcraari. causing
h»a.rt trtj-isle and ii.2i.cnit breatiinj-. as
¦a -^il as far all otier forms cf »t=ma.ci
¦".".*. tie safest treatment ta :: take
cr.'m cr two <t£ Sfoart's Dyspepsia Toilets
after eaci ra^ai. I advu* tiem because
t.--y ccntaia no iamrnl drnjr«. but are
"-:¦ ~— : .* •¦ xlaable diy^stives. wiici
act pr-xaptiy cpon tie io&S. eaten. I never
kacw a. case of taiiyeatioa or «T«a caroaic
c-.-«p-psiA. wi::i £f^art'« Tablets wonid
Cheap e*J2a«rSe saedlciaes elaiminc ta
c^z» dysps«7«ia. and indi^est_cn can iave no
»~*ct wna.tever ia actively ilffestin^ tie
{006 and to call a^y cathartic m*iliciae a
esrc Car in-di*T»stioii is a misnonzer.
E*W7 draj^ist ia tie "ated States and
Canada *e^s at^art'i Dyspepsia. Tablets,
aad tiey are act caly tie safest and most
' tz. tot tie meat scieatiic cf i=.j
treatment f;r tail^estica and stimach
trcuclea.
I REDUCED PRICES.
J e g Tailor Suits,
- ... ...1 Jackets. Capes
and Furs
I A? IZSS
-5 TZAS CAS3
£&A < 1
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Csralcs-ses aid Price Lists Xallei
en Applicatloa.
BOCX3 A_«o STATIO.TS?T,
TH SI.V FIA.VGSCO YEWS CO.VJLM.
»t)5! O-mtt Str««t. A.Scv» PowiC
FERICDICAia. BOCKS AiD STATTCXZHT.
CCAI. COtvS XXO PI-3 ISOX
f C WILSON" &Ca ** 2*"^r 9tr«C
Ji V Pfl VF\ & Cfl ShtssiaM Eutciser^. I*4
<*~ mma wv . c^y L ilxls I ~^
.. .. LVI.X.IV. c^^,. y.o^
weste2s rora>w. fr^ ,*
PXPE3 DEALERS.
igFITE
F- C BT€EtS. s - « rawrEH.
v u>VA.i.w» ti Si=»cT2e tt.. 8. T.
STATICNE"? AND PSIXTE3.
r"SSr "5S! Bi ' PASTSH?a£ "* c^?»
van ash stlui coal
a OJw»_lEiirE^. i« t5« D»«t Cc«J la ti«
r-.ATK-t. -j'.l^ ,^ Tint-CD Oljia «tr^»t.
3
SAYS GO EBEL WILL WIN .From the tone of Bryan's speech at the Jackson
day banquet in Chicago it appears he is willing to
suggest a plain and absolute remedy for the evils
caused bj trusts, provided he be elected to the Presi
dency, but he is not willing to say what it is before
hand; so it will be seen the boy orator has some dis
cretion after all and knows how to keep his mouth
shut on at least one subject. >v
The proposal to establish a "home" for the purpose
of reforming ex-convicts is very good, but at the
same time it should be remembered that if the pro
posed beneficiaries of the establishment had ever had
any regard for a home*they would never have been
convicts.
There may be disputes as to whether the Pope re
garded New Year's day as the beginning of a new
century or not, but there can be none about the
Kaiser's opinion. It is the twentieth century in Ger
many at any rate.
A German officer has raised a chatter of adverse
criticism in ?11 Continental dueling circles. He vio
lated all of the established rules of the game by get
ting killed
BRYAN'S LATEST GABBLE.
SIX hundred Democrats, seated at a banquet in
Chicago to celebrate Jackson day, heard Bryan
make his latest speech. There was a time
when a speech by that orator on such an occasion
would have been reported almost to the word and the
whole country would have paid attention. That time,
however, was in the days of depression, when the
calamity howler was a power in the land and when
even conservatives gave heed to what he said in order
that they might know to what extent the agitation of
class antagonism was being carried. In these days
of prosperity the country little heeds or cares what is
rttered upon themes of that kind, and accordingly
even the Bryan organs themselves give but a brief
summary of what he said and what the 600 heard.
In the brief report that comes to us of the speech
Bryan is quoted as saying: "The currency bill fastens
us to the financial systems of the Old World and sub
jects us to all the disturbances which affect them,
while it places the control of the volume of paper
money in the hands of a bank trust, which will be as
merciless to the people of this country as Weyler was
HOTTI. DEL. CORONADO— Take advanta**
of th« round-trip tickets. Now only SS9 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at ho-
tel; longer stay. 13 00 per day. Apply at 4 N«w
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved wide- vestlbuled Pullman tourist
sleeving cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany those excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To ' St. Paul every Sunday »Tt
Friday. Ticket office, €2» Market streak
to the reconcentrados. The fight for bimetallism at
the ratio of 16 to 1 has not been lost. The increased
production of gold has shown the advantage of more
money and has answered the argument so often made
that the parity could not be maintained because of the
overproduction of silver." He declared that the Re
publican party is unable to enact and enforce efficient
anti-trust laws and that the Democratic party when
in power will meet the issue with a plain and posi
tive remedy. ?;-;} -
In all that there is nothing beyond the repetition
of the old misrepresentations. The currency bill does
not fasten upon us the financial system of the Old
World, but of the New World and the new age. It is
the outcome of the conditions of our own land and
our own time. By the study of economics men have
learned something of the natural laws which regulate
trade and finance, and the object of the bill now be
fore Congress is to apply those laws to the needs of
the people of the United States. It is the language
of a demagogue to term it an OW World system and
to attempt to arouse against it the unreasoning
prejudices of men who are incapable of understanding
financial questions, or who, through partisan perver
sity, oppose any and every measure that has not its
origin in their own party. /
Just how the increase in the output of gold and the
abounding evidence of the existence of a sufficient
amount of gold to supply the monetary needs of the
world have weakened the argument advanced by the
sound-money men in 1896 and confirmed the; free
silver agitators, Mr. Bryan will have, to explain? by
diagrams. It was asserted by Bryan that unless silver
were remonctized there would be a. continuous fall in
prices. The world knows there has been a rise in
prices, and now Bryan says the rise proves he was
right. It is fortunate for the orator that he is known
to be a total abstainer from intoxicating liquors,
otherwise there is much in that argument which
would incline folks to believe it inspired less by states
manship than by bourbon.
The assertion that if intrusted with • power the
Democratic party will provide a plain and positive
remedy for the evils resulting from trusts, is another
feature of the speech that requires explanation. Mr
Bryan should state clearly what he regards as the evil
feature of trust organizations, and what is the remedy
he would apply. He had an opportunity to do both
of those things at the Chicago conference on the trust
question and he failed to do either of them.
From the short reports given of the speech it is
easy to understand why more was not sent out.
There was evidently nothing in it worth reporting.
Within the burr was a chestnut and within the chest
nut only dust. Bryan may still be a Presidential
candidate, but as an orator he has exhausted every
thing except his lungs.
THE LAW AND THE LADY.
M T the meeting of the Mothers' Union of Golden
/ \ Gate on Saturday there was adopted a resolu
tion requesting the co-operation of the Oak
land Club and other societies to petition the Oakland
merchants to provide scats for the lady clerks in all
the stores and shops where they have not provided
them.
The resolution was the outcome of a discussion
upon the injurious effects which certain kinds of work
have upon women and its object is to provide for
the health and welfare of those who arc engaged in
stores and who arc frequently required to remain on
their feet almost continuously from the time the store
opens for business early in the morning until it closes
at night.
With that object all who are interested in the wel
fare of the race must have a warm sympathy. The
Mothers' Union of t Golden Gate will therefore find
cordial co-operation in the work they have under
taken and their petition to the merchants will be
strongly supported. If the merchants should ignore
the petition or refuse to accede to it the Mothers'
Union has an easy method of redress in the law of
the State, to which recourse should be promptly
taken.
There was approved February 6. 1889, "an act to
provide for the proper sanitary condition of factories
and workshops and the preservation of the health of
employes." Portions of it applicable to the case at
issue run thus:
"Section 5. Every person, firm or corporation em
ploying females in any manufacturing, mechanical or
mercantile establishment shall provide suitable seats
for the use of the females so employed and shall per
mit the use of such seats by them when they are not
necessarily engaged in the active duties for which they
arc employed.
"Section 6. Any person or corporation violating
any of the provisions of this act shall be punished by
a fine of not less than fifty nor more than one hundred
dollars for each offense.
"Section 7. It shall be the duty of the Commis
sioner of the Bureau of Labor Statistics to enforce
the provisions of this act."
The ladies will perceive that the remedy for the
evil complained of is amply provided. It will be best,
of course, to begin by directing the attention of of
fending merchants to the law and requesting a com
pliance with its requirements. If that means fails
the ladies should at once notify the Commissioner of
the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the violation of the
law and it will be his duty to enforce it.
It is gratifying that there are women who are suf
ficiently considerate of the welfare of working girls to
engage actively in supporting their fights and pro
viding for their welfare. As is pointed out by the
Labor Commissioner in an interview, published in
another column, his office has no patrol force to seek
out offenders against the law and therefore he can act
only when his attention is drawn to some violation of
it. The girls employed in the stores dare not make
complaint. For that reason the agency of such asso
ciations as the Mothers* Union is necessary to the en
forcement of the law and it should be exerted con
tinuously and with vigor throughout the State.
MOTHER LODE STUDIES.
STORMS GOES AFIELD.
CRIPPLE CREEK'S GOLD.
NEW MINING DECISION.
HOW CLAIMS WERE WON
TO-DAY "W. H. Storms, tha latest
"Examiner of Mines" to be ap
pointed by Governor Gage, will
start for the mother lode region,
where he will spend the ensuing
months In spite of mud and snow, which
have In the past kept Mining Bureau ex
perts out of the mountain mining fields.
This will be the first time in three years
that the mother lode, or, in fact, the gold
regions of the State have received any at
tention from the bureau except in the
compilation of yet unpublished maps.
There have been great developments
along the mother lode in that time. The
era of deep mining there has recently
opened and great operations, costing mil
lions of dollars, are under way. Electric
power has been distributed to many mines
during that period anA various Improved
processes^ have been Installed and new
problems~met with.
The miners of that region will welcome
Mr. Storms^as an expert familiar with the
region for years, and as the most compe
tent one available for the task. He goes
at once to Amador County, w..ere he will
remain some time. It is planned that
he shall put In most of his time along the
mother lode from Mariposa County north
during the nejet eighteen months, and
give as much attention as time will al
low to the mining regions further north.
He will aim to inspect every mine of
W. H. STORMS, Examiner of Mines
any Importance in each county, gaining all
the Information that owners are willing
to allow him, observing the geology,
methods of working, conditions imposed,
etc.. and note progress and prospects
without endeavoring to go Into private
financial matters which miners generally
want to keep to themselves. He expects!
to be able to make his reports more com
plete and of more practical use to mining
men than most former bureau reports.
Improvements in methods, costs of oper
ation, if they can be given, comparisons
of different mines, what operators have
accomplished at great depth and what
they expect to accomplish and similar In
formation will be especially sought, and
In setting forth such Information the con
ditions must necessarily be completely
given. The big mining field is rich In op
portunity for interesting and valuable re
ports, and the miners will hope to see
some of this character in spite of the
political mess into which the bureau has
dropped.
It may be observed that not the least
of the benefits of this sort of field work
Is the personal dissemination of informa
tion nnd expert advice, as an official with
a broad knowledge of mining science and
practice and an acquaintance with how
things are done all through the mining
field comes in constant contact with
miners, often sharing their beds or bunks,
their bottles or bacon and meeting with
them their problems and mistakes. A
field man has a varied experience and Is
a mining missionary constantly distribut
ing pointers amid the hills.
Generally he is appreciated, but some
times he Is scorned by miners who look
on all "experts" with supreme contempt,
and sometimes they chuckle and plan a
scheme to make a fool of him.
While he was a field deputy of the bu
reau four or five years ago. Storms
climbed to a prospect in Calaveras Coun
ty where two old miners were sinking on
a vein in which they thought they had
struck It at last. The shatt was eighty
feet deep, and when Dan had hauled up
the bucket by a windlass, Storms saw that
it was fastened to the rope by a simple
loop held by a slippery pointed stick,
easily pulled out to take off the bucket.
"Want to see the bottom?" asked old
Dan. "No, I don't," said Storms. '"Why
not? Just go down and see how purty
she widens." urged the lucky partner
above. "Not in that rig." said Storms.
"That pin will drop out, the first thing
you know, and somebody will be killed.
Why don't you fix it this way?" "Oh.
Scotty! There's a mining expert up here
'fraid to go down 'cause he's 'fraid the
bucket'll come off with him." Dan shout
ed down the golden well. "Haw! Haw!
Haw!" came up from where Scotty was
tickled in the mudoy gloom. Two weeks
later they burled Scotty and soon Dan
bought the widow's Interest In the widen
ing vein. Nobody knew how It happened,
and they seldom do, but the slippery un
safe pin did It. and the Mining Bureau
did not save poor Scotty.
Preliminary estimates of the precious
metal product of California for 1599 have
been made by the Director of the Mint
and by the Superintendent, and the statis
tician of the San Francisco Mint, and, as
tisual. they disagree. They always do dis
agree. Each year the director receives
careful estimates from local representa
tives of the bureau here and there, and
then goes for them with an ax, apparent
ly on general principles.
It was stated In this column a short ttme
ago that the gold product for 1599 woud
probably show a small decrease on ac
count of the unprecedented lack of water,
In spite of the great increase of develop
ment. Statistician Charles G. Yale, how
ever, discovered an increase, estimated at
about $500,000. The Director of the M'nt
makes his estimate $14,952,392, a decrease
of over a half-million.
The disagreement Is not highly Impor
tant, as both estimates are preliminary
ones. The final estimate, which will be
the official record, will be ready In April,
and It will be compiled from confidential
returns from practically every producer In
the State, supplemented by information
from every available and reliable source
possible. This arduous work has now been
begun by Mr. Yale. Whatever the result
may be. It will doubtless show no great
variation from the output of IMS. It Is uf
more Importance to realize that the boun
tiful rains and snows of the present season
and the steadily multiplying mining f».c
tlvlty will provide 1900 with an Increase cf
the gold output in California that will
reach well Into the millions.
The local mint estimated the silver
product at $636,000. and Director Roberts
?ut !t at $1,396,363. This difference aribes
rom the fact that the former used th*>
market value, 53 cents, and the latter the
coinage value. $1.2929. In estimating the
product, which was about 1,200,000 ounces.
Because California has at last besn
passed bj* Colorado as a gold producing
State, Colorado's record and the reason
for it are of interest. The year's recori
is about $26,000,000. and the reason is en
tirely the rapid development of the world's
most remarkable gold field. Cripple Creek,
which covers an area of but a few square
miles. The chief facts of Cripple Creek's
record for the past year are given In the
following special report to The Call from
Colorado Springs:
COLOrtADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan. 2.— The
mines of Cripple Creek produced during the
year 1899 $20,241,842. a net g»ln of 33 per cent
over the production of IS9S. which was $15.602. tw).
As Indicated by the above the year has been
one of marked prosperity In the great gold
c&mp of Colorado. While over 300 mines helped
to make up the year's record-breaking produc
tion the large producer* ¦wer*: Btratton's In
dependence. $1,500,000: the Portland. $2.300.0>J0;
the Gold Coin. $1,150,000: the Jack Pot. $*30.0 CO;
the Vindicator. $1,000,000; the Llllle and a
ecore of others.
The rear's progress In Cripple Creek was
marked by the opening up of the largest and
richest ore bodies at the greatest depth yet
attained in this camp, viz., I(XV> feet, and also
by the extending of the gold-bearing are* by
several miles. These two facts form the basis
for the prediction that next year the camp
will produce $:6.0n0,000 In gold.
I>urlng the year thirty-two companies paid
dividends amounting to $4,611,365. The tnt.il
amount of dividends paid by Cripple Creek
mines to date Is $11,777,167. In addition to this
*urn there have been distributed by close cor
porations and earned by lessees profits amount-
Ing to $0,00<>,000, so that the camp has earned
to date over $16.50Q,t>X>.
Wholesale dealing in Cripple Creek mlnlns:
stock has been a feature of the year. The
vales upon the Colorado Springs Mining Stock
Exchange during this time amounted to 235.
319.221 shares, of a cash value of *34.527.0<V>. On
this exchange last year there were sold 67.0T.5.
000 shares, of a cash value of $10,351,000. The
valuation of outstanding Cripple Creek Btocks
to-day is estimated to be $60,000,000.
This camp has produced In the first nine
years of Its history $73,707,342. Puring the year
the monthly output more than doubled, reach-
Ing $3,000,000 In December.
In most mining towns, as elsewhere,
the last midnight of '99 saw a pande
monium of noise. One mother lode
Journal observes that every sign in town
got from one to six playful bullets in It,
and rather condemns this method of cele
bration.
But all through the mining regions
there were midnight doings as quiet as
the town tolks were noisy. 'Twas the
hour when claim-Jumpers strike. The
evening knew hundreds of stealthy trips
into the hills to claims on which assess
ment work was due, and within a few
minutes after midnight hundreds of lo
cation notices were going up according to
secret plan and knowledge. A good pro
portion of the thousands of claims taktn
up during- 1&98 were fully open to loca
tion, the nolders not being able to afford
the $100 worth of work or having too
many claims to take care of. If the lo
cators had not done the work they could
relocate January land hold for another
two years, and in many cases they were
on hand for that purpose and with guns
along to stand off the fellows who
stealthily came for the same object. That
midnight would provide many good min
ing stories.
Here and there, as always, were un
protected mines of known value on which
the assessment work was not done
through mistake or neglect. One was the
Good Hope. near Jackson. Amador
County, in which Senator John F. Davis
lately became interested. It was wrongly
supposed that the work had been done,
and 'some parties"' laid quiet and elab
orate plans to jump the mine and had
hired a "gun fighter" to aid in the job.
lne gun tighter had too long a tongue
and the plan leaked out Saturday ni«rht.
Just as Judge Davis arrived from San
I-rancisco. A force of men was rushed
to the property that night and $100 worth
• J' ork t ™ done b y the following mid
night, thus saving the mine.
On the Mojave desert at Randsburg
and beyond prospecting for water Is now
going busily on by means of vertical
borings and tunnels into hills, and lucky
"strikes" are being made. A fair supply
of water in a mining r*gion where It
costs a bit a drink for mules would work
wonders for the Industry. The desert
also has an oil excitement In a district
near Mojave, where there is not the
slightest sign of oil but where the for
mations have been pronounced favor
able. Railroad men have secured large
tracts in which to prospect, and thi3
Knowledge started a rush the moment It
became known. The desert is now es
pecially interested in the precious liquids.
C. A. Canrield. who with associates
plan to put a large number of drilling
rigs at work In Kern County oil field*
proposes to establish a machine shop at
Baktsrsfieki to make and repair tools etc
El Dorado County's slate industry is
looking up with the rest of the mineral
enterprises. According to the George
town Gazette teamsters are busy hauline
slate from the Strahle quarry at Kelsey
to Placerville, wnere it la ."hipped by rail
The slate is of the first quality, and it
is said they cannot take it out fast
enough to fill the orders on hand. About
eighteen men are employed.
.A' the Pioneer copper mine, near Pilot
Hill, a force oi twelve men is now em
ployed doing development work, says the
tl Dorado Republican. New bufldings
have been erected and other preparations
made for a thorough development of this
mine. In addition to its copper, which
averages 8 per cent, the ore also contains
gold and silver.
The Introduction of steam traction en
gines at the Grand Reef mines of J W
Mackay in Arizona Is said to have re
duced the cost of transportation between
the mines and the railroad from .«? to $3
per ton.
The deposits of zinc ore recently dis
covered on the San Vlncente ranch, six
miles from the terminus of the Cuyamaca
Railroad. San D!e«»o County, are attract
ing considerable attention.
The Placer Co'—ty Miners' Association
has issued a circular calling for annual
dues from Its members. A list of collec
tors has been appointed for the different
sections of the county.
J. O. DENNY.
ceded that the mechanism of modern war
ships and their armament Is such , as v>
discount the importance of pnjslcal
strength.
Some good target practice Is claimed
for the British battleship V ictorious j. At
a speed of nine knots and at a £»t»W»
of 2000 yards, six shells out of eight hk
the smaa pinnacle rock, which rises ten
or twelve feeet out of water Just outside
the western entrance to Wei-Hal- W eL
France has of recent years been so In
tently bent upon building ships as to
almost entirely lose sight of the fact that
dock-yards properly equipped are a very
essential adjunct to an efficient na\>.
The appropriations for dock-yards, whlcn
were 0460000 in ISSS, fell as low as «•*).
000 in ISJXS, and the result has been tnata
commission, which recently » ns P« ct , ed t th^
several yards, found them deficient in
drydocks. coaling barges, tugs and otner
requisites, and appropriations for a couple
of new docks and other necessities is ur
gently recommended by the Minister or
Marine.
Two shallow-draught river gunboats,
named the Robin and Nightingale, have
been sent out from England for service
in rivers in South Africa. They are twin
screws and are I<X> feet in length by J)
feet beam, drawing only nine inches of
water with a load of twenty-five tons, and
can make a speed of ten knots. They are
built In seven water-tight sections, easily
taken apart and put together. Four sim
ilar boats from the Yarrow yard were
built two jrean ago. of which two were
sent to China ami two to the Niger Pro
tectorate, and have proved as satisfac
tory aa their prototypes on the Nile.
Human life is held very cheap by Rus
sian authorities Judging from the results
of its transport system. The steamer St.
Petersburg, one of the volunteer fleet, re
cently carried ICOO third-class passenger*
from Odessa to Vladivostok. Accommo
dations were only provided for 100% and
the extra 600 were herded wherever tney
could find space to lie down, chiefly in
the fore hold. Under such inhuman con
ditions of semi-darkness, suffocation and
stench, and all laws of sanitation violated
fifty-five of thes unfortunates died during
the voyage and upon arrival at Vladivos
tok several dozen had to be transferred
to the hospital, of which nine died dur
ing the next four days after arrival. .
The Vulcan yard at Stettin. Germany,
has an interesting n-cord. purt of which
was published among thj foreign navy
news some weeks ago, and to which the
following are additional: The yard was
established in IS3I for Iron shipbuilding
and covered less than six acres of pound
In a barren and almost unknown dtstrlc.
In 1553 it began a miscellaneous * n * ine £*'
Ing business and 1 as reached its No. 20W
locomotive. The yard was valued in I£.
at $475 000- its present valuation ia jj.auu.
000 and the works cover xl >" fl ™ *";**
and employ 6300 men. In OCQ It built the
flrst war vessel for Prussia; in Ls© the
first order was taken for a large marine
engine, which wa* placed In the Hansa.
and in ISTI the yard received the first or
der for an armored ship, which was
named Preussen. The Vulcan yard has
become to Germany quite as an impor
tant auxiliary to the navy aa any one or
the regular dockyards.
Labouchere of London Truth propounds
a question which is not likely to receive
a reply from the august body denomi
nated Lords of Admiralty. The query to.
what is to be the final result of the dama
ge done to the cruiser lionaventure about
six months ago in Japanese water . \ Ice
Admiral E. N. Seymour, in charge of tha
squadron, was on a cruise and the Bona
venture was one of his ships. Curiosity
led the admiral to explore some of the
onsWreyed waters, and a? hi* ."hip. the
Victorious, drew too much water he or
dered the Bonaventure to ta*e the lead
Into Komiloff Gulf. The result wa.s that
the unfortunate vessel struck a rock and
had to jettison 600 tons of coal of $3wo
value and sustaining J100.«-X> damage to
the hull. The captain and navigating lieu
tenant were tried by eourt-raartial and
acquitted, as the vice admiral trankly ad
mitted that he had ordered thb sWi< to go
in As the responsibility for the. great
loss of money needlessly sacrificed has
been so well established Labouchere
wants to know what is ti> happen next.
The case will probably terminate with flx-
Ine the responsibility and classed with
such as. being struck by lightning, for
which no course of redress has yet beea
found.
If the boast of the Eastern track gamblers that they
have a majority of the new Board of Supervisors
pledged to permit the reopening of Ingleiide track be
trtie. then the Supervisors have n stormy time before
them, for the fulfillment of such a pledge will raise a
tempest that will not be easily settled.
The very evident desire of Mayor Phelan to includ
the entire administration of the municipality in his
interesting self fupgests that he must have made a
very close study of the comic opera. "The Mikado."
If all report* be true Mayor Phelan must have made
pledges to about everybody who wishes an office, as
well as promises of civil service reform to those who
<<idn*t. i
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
British ships on the China station are
henceforth to be painted black Instead of
white, as has heretofore been the custom.
It is done. for the sake of economy, but
will greatly increase the discomforts of
officers and crew during the hot season.
Italy's new naval programme provides
for a regular force of established men in
the dockyards not to exceed 12.000 of all
classes. The expenditures for new con
struction has been fixed at J24.050.000 dur
ing the next tlve years, divided as fol
lows: 1599-90, $4,700,000: IMO-01. $4,900,000;
lfOl-02. J4.550.000; 1902-03. J4.S00.000; 1503-04.
J4.500.000. For the succeeding fourteen
years the amount Is reduced to $600,000 an
nually.
The Minister of the Japanese Navy. Ad
miral Yamamoto, was recently subjected
to a most searching inquiry before the
Lt.aget committee of the Parliament.
Some very interesting points were brought
out. one being that the admiral admitted
the inferiority of physique of Japanese
sailors to those of the Occident, but coa-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wtaglota
She thinks little of her-
self, and fails to notice how
pale and thin she is grow-
ing. She worries constantly
over the baby that docs not
thrive, although its food
seems abundant.
S<^£mufwcTL
nourishes and strengthens
the nursing mother and sup-
plies to the baby's food the
bone-forming and fat-pro-
ducing elements which
were lacking.
The latest Chinese papers state that
there are at present six smokeless powder
factories in operation in the Chinese Em-
pire.
The Fastest TTain Across the Conti-
nent.
Th« California Limited, Santa T» Routs. Con-
necting train leaves 5 p. m.. Mondajr. "Wednes-
day, Friday and Saturday. Finest e<julppe4
train and best track of a*y line to tha East.
Ticket office. CS Market street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by mtTllona of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect sue res*. It soothes the child, softens
th» runis. allays pain, cures Wttd Colic, regu-
lates the Bowels and ts the best remedy far
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Nearly all the glass workers In Rich-
mond Va.. have gone Into the union
formed in that city recently.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. W. Drysdale Is at th«» Grand from
Madera.
E. H. Cox. the Madera banker and cap
italist. Is a guest at the Palace.
A. M. Duncan. Supervisor of Mendocino
County, is at the Lick, from his home in
Ukiah.
X. A. McKay, a wealthy mine-owner of
Arizona, is at the Lick, accompaned by
his wife.
D. J. Flannlgan. a p'^.ninent mill man
of Eureka, is registered for a short stay
at the Grand.
Charles B. Younger, one of the best
known residents of Santa Cruz, is a guest
at the Palace.
D. D. Ollphant. a wealthy merchant of
Portland. Ore., is registered at the Pal
ace, with his wife.
W. A. Littlefleld. a wealthy Eureka
merchant, is among the arrivals of yes
terday at the Grand.
W. J. Marks, one of the big business
men of New York, is registered for a
short stay at the Pnlaee.
E. B. Edson. the Railroad Commissioner,
has come down from his home in Gazelle
and is at the Occidental.
Dr. A. C. Griffith, on« of the leading
physicians of. Santa Rosa, li among tha
late arrivals 'at the Occidental.
F. Berlnger, one of the prominent wine
men of St. Helena, Is at the Lick while
on a business trip to this city.
J. W. Henderson, the Eureka banker
and capitalist. Is a guest at the Lick
while on a short business trip to this
city.
Dr. R. J. Wilkinson, a prominent physi
cian of Dublin, Ireland, is registered at
the Occidental, where he arrived yester
day.
Frank lx Strong, consulting: engineer of
the United States War Department, is at
the Occidental, where he registered yes
terday. Mr. Strong Is the man to whom
Manila Is indebted for the magnificent lc«
plant that has been put In there.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. race fruit 50c per tt> at Towr.send's.*
Selllnp depot for Koh-i-noor pencils and
Waterman fountain pens. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. '-'y
BOASTING TRACK GAMBLERS.
WHEN in response to the demands of publijc
sentiment the Supervisors put an end to the
tnick gambling at Ingleside, The Call warned
the people that the victory would not be permanent
unless it were guarded with vigilance. The profits
of the gamblers -were enormous and it was a fore
gone conclusion that they would leave untried no
means which gave the slightest promise of a chance to
reopen the track and resume their trade.
Sure as it was that the gamblers would try to re
cover their ground, it is with something of surprise
the public learns of the boasting of some of the more
bold and unscrupulous among them that Ingleside
Park will be opened again for unlimited racing, that
the old gambling games will be resumed there and
that once more the touts, the toughs and the black
legs of the community will have a free field in which
to prey upon the lollies and the vices of the unwary
and the corrupt.
These boasters assert that the incoming Board of
Supervisors will grant them permission to reopen
at Ingleside; that a majority, at least, of the new Su
pervisors have given pledges to that effect. It
is a boast which the public will be inclined to regard
with contemptuous incredulity, and yet it is one
which should not be overlooked. In dealing with an
evil of this kind continual vigilance is necessary, for
the profits are so large and so sure there will be al
ways big inducements for permitting its practice.
The outgoing Board of Supervisors enacted the
ordinance which closed the track at Ingleside, only
after the fullest evidence had been given of the mani
fold evils resulting from it. These evils were of many
kinds and degrees. Shop boys were enticed to
neglect their work to hang around poolrooms, con
fidential clerks were led to defraud their employers to
obtain "money for gambling, men of all classes in
society were corrupted by . the associations of the
track; even women did not escape its blighting influ
ence and the home, as well as the shop and the office,
was cursed by it. A long record of crimes blackens
the pages of history of the community while the track
flourished. There were frauds, defalcations, divorces,
embezzlements, robberies, assaults, murders and sui
cides traceable directly to the effects of the race track
gambling. Is it possible that with a recent suicide
due to gambling fresh in the public mind the incom
ing Board of Supervisors can think of reopening 1
Ingleside under the management of the same old gang
and reviving all the evil which the outgoing board
suppressed?
Upon Mayor Phelan at any rate it would seem that
the public can count in this emergency. He cannot
consent to the reopening of the Ingleside gambling
without stultifying himself. He signed the ordinance
closing the track. He vetoed an ordinance that
wouldhavepermittedpool-selling at coursing matches.
If he now consents to give the Eastern track gamblers
full swing there he will wrong his own record be
yond atonement.
CHANGES IN COMMERCIAL RANK.
XHE first week of the new year showed a bare
pain of 0.9 per cent in bank clearings over the
first week of 1899. New York lost 2.6 per cent,
Boston 1.4 per cent and New Orleans 17.9 per cent.
San Francisco gained 31.8 per cent and Pittsburg,
whose clearings represent almost exclusively the iron
and steel trade, 27.5 per cent.
These bank clearings mark some change in the rela
tive business of American cities during the year 1899.
New York, of course, kept first place, with clearances
of Sfo.JTj 1.791,000, out of a total for the whole country
of $93.5QVW.000. Boston moved ahead of Chicago,
the latter dropping to third place, the clearings of
Boston being $7,086.29^,000. and those of Chicago
$6^12.313x100. Cleveland, whirh was in the thirteenth
place in 1898. moved up one. displacing New Orleans.
The other large cities retained their 1898 status. San
Francisco ranking eighth, coming betwen Baltimore
and Cincinnati. The heaviest increase during the year
was 56 per cent by Pitt^burg, owing to the remarkable
activity in the iron trade.
We paid higher prices for everything in 1899, but
fiom present indications will pay even higher prices
this year. Already some advances have been made in
the minor lines of iron and steel and in boots and
shoes and a further advance in woolens is predicted.
If the new year starts off in this aggressive fashion
on the basis of already high prices, the question natur
ally arises. Where is the advance going to stop?
There is a limit to the purchasing capacity of the
public, but apparently the manufacturers think it has
not yrt been reached. If the advance in merchandise
is accompanied by a corresponding advance in wages
it can be maintained indefinitely, but if the latter keep
down, then the rise in commodities must come to an
end and in this case the end might be rude.
Wall street opened the new year like a lamb.
Easier conditions in the money market, coupled with
effmive support given the railroads and industrials
by powerful interests, gave a good tone to the market
and for a couple of days the feeling was rather firm
than otherwise: but the German irritation over the
British seizures in Delagoa Bay led to free selling of
American securities by Germans, both in London and
New York, and the market lost much of its previous
tone, especially as' the German realization was sup
plemented by vague reports of further British re
verses in South Africa. We are now sufficiently ad
vanced in the South African war to see that until it is
finished there will be more or less uneasiness and un
certainty in the money markets all over the world.
Prospects in California continue brilliant, though it
must be confessed that, the continuous rains are great
ly delaying farming operation* in the northern, central
and coast sections of the State. In some of the most
important counties very little work has been done
and the reason for petting in the crops is half gone.
The farmers in these counties are beginning to think
that there is such a thing as too much even of a good
thing. However, it will not be calamitous if the pro
duction of the State is cut down somewhat, for our
capacity in the way of turning out crops is immense
ar.d overproduction is a synonym fur Jo*- prices.
With a fortnight of cKir weather a vast deal of farm
rork may still be done, so the time for the croaker
to cmcr K e from his long seclusion has hardly yet ar
rived. He will crawl out of his hole and make hi*
batrachian voice heard before long, however, unless
if stops raining for a few day's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900.
THE OUTGOING SUPERVISORS.
THE Board of Supervisors that goes out of office
to-day merits public recognition and acknowl
edgment of the zeal and efficiency with which it
has performed its duties and the fidelity with which it
fulfilled every pledge and promise made during the
campaign when its members were candidates for of
fice.
The record is one which it would be hard to
parallel in the history of any legislative body in
America. It has had no parallel in recent years in
San Francisco. In not one single instance can it be
shown that this board has failed in the performance of
anything which it was elected and specifically charged
by the voters to do. All the issues of the canvass
when it was before the people have been met and
adequately provided for.
The task was not an easy one. The dollar limit
pledge, for example, was demanded by the platforms
of both parties and was sustained by the voters during
the canvass. Still, when the time came to make the
apportionment of funds for the various departments
of the city and county government a tremendous
pressure was brought to bear upon the Supervisors
to induce them to break their. pledge and levy a higher
tax. Many of the very men who during the canvass
were most insistent on the dollar limit, were among
the first and most aggressive in their urging that
the pledge be broken. Against all that clamor and
against all promises of favors to be shown the Super
visors stood firm. They fixed a tax levy not exceed
ing one dollar, kept their pledge in letter and in
spirit and gave the city the revenue which the voters
had decided to be sufficient.
That was an instance in which the board showed its
firmness in opposing the demands of public officials
who desired large sums of money to dispose of and
of office-seekers and job-chasers who wished a chance
to profit by the disposal. In the recent contest
against the telephone company an instance was af
forded of the courage and public spirit of the board
in combating the greed and resisting the persuasions
of corporations which have grown rich by something
like extortion upon the public. It is useless to go
over the whole record. The two instances cited show
that the board did its duty in every case without fear
or favor of corporations or of bssscs.
The record of the outgoing board should excite in
the new board a spirit of laudable emulation to equal
the service of its predecessor and merit as much
praise and commendation when it retires from office.
It will be with that wish the people will to-day wel
come the outgoing board back to the duties and re
wards of private life and speed the new board in the
work that lies before it.
MONDAY JANUARY 8, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
PUBLICATION OKFICB. .Market nnd Third. S. F.
Trlrphone .Main IHUM.
KDITOHIAI, lIOOMS 217 to 221 Bteve»»<m St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Urllvered by fttrrXrrm, 15 Cents Per Week.
Mnulf Copies. ft Cent*.
Term* l»> .Mnll, liirliiillnic I'onUKn
DAILY ( AIX (In. liicllue; Sniiiln) I. onr y«-nr..SU.OO
DAILY CAUL HnrliiiliiiK Nnntlnjl, C month*. . 3.00
I)UI.\ CAUL (liM-lmSlnc Sanda)), 3 month*.. IJM)
ii*II. V CALL — II > -liml«- Month <»•"•«
BUKDAV I'AIA. on.- \.-nr t.o<»
WEEKLY (ALL Onr Year ••<><»
All povtmunlrm arc nutliurliril to receive
¦ übarrlptlunn.
Simple ooplei « 111 be forwarded when reqaeated
OAKLAND OKKICK OOH Broadway
C. GUURtii: KROGKBSS,
Mnnaerr lonlcn Advertlnlnv. Margortte Ilalld
lujr, ChlraßO.
KEW YORK COnnESPOITDEJfTI
C C. CAULTOX Herald Sanarc
NISYV YOHK RKPHESEXTATIVEI
rEQRT 1.1 lvi;\S Jll 2i> Tribune Ualldlns;
Chicago m:ws staxdsi
Shrriunn Ilounet I. O. .\ewa Co.; Hrrnt \orth
rrn Hotel; I rriuuin Iloaaei Andltorlnni Hotel.
kew yohk m:\vs stands i
Ualdnrf-\>inrlii Hotel* A. Urentono. 31 Union
fqnarri Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHI.MiTOX <I». CA OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. K. i:\ULISH. Correspondent.
URAMK OFKIfKS 827 MontKomerr. corner of
Clay, open until !>i.lO .o'clock. .".«><» Hayen,
open mull JM.'to o'clock. <(3!» .McAllister, open
ontll U.XIO o'clock. «il."l l.urkln, open until
!•::'.<» o'clock. i:»li Ml««lnn, open until l<»
o'clorL. i-'^t.l Market, corner Sixteenth, open
mull v o'clock. lOJMJ Yalencla. open until 1)
o'clock. io<> Eleventh^ »y»e» until 0 o'clock.
\\\ . corner Tnrnl).«rcund and Kentucky.
iiinti until O o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orjiheum— Vaudeville.
I California— JJmma Nevada.
Columbia— '"The CTirlntlan."
Orand 'i,«a!i«f — "Rlnbad."
Grand Opera-Hous^— Symphony Concert Thursday afternoon,
January 18-
BAlcazai — ¦"Myxterlous Mr. Bugle."
Alhambra— "An Affair of Honor."
Ohuten. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
eventn*.
Olvmrta. corn*T Manon and Kills strewn— FpeclaJtle*.
l'nn. ra:::a Battle of Manila Day, Market street, near
ni«hth.
Western Turf Association— Races to-dar.
AUCTION SALES.
I'y Knston. nidrirtire & Co.— Tuesday. January t, at 12
o'l.kK. lt»>al Kslat*. Nt «*> Markrt Ftret-t.
4FUTURITY NOMINEES.
Entries for Stakes at Coney Island
Jockey Club Very Large.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— The nominations
for the stakes of the Coney Island Jockey
Club are larger In number this year than
ever before. The increase in nominations
for the Futurity for 19»D2 is marked, there
being nearly 200 more received to date
than In any previous futurity.
The number of nominations follows: Su
burban, 67: June Handicap, 87: Advance,
63; Swift. 65; Spendthrift. 62; Great Trial.
122; Double Event, 124; Autumn. 116; Flight
(first closing). 27; September (first clos
ing). 29: Flatbush (first closing), 39; Great
Eastern (first closing 40. Second and last
closing on July 16th for the Flight, Sep
tember, Flatbush and Great Eastern.
The Futurity for 1902. 1226.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE OTHELLOS AND IAGOS OF STAGE HISTORY
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE,
Contributom to this course: Dr. Edward Doxfden. Dr.- William J. Rotre. Dr. H.irr.-..:--i
VT. Mabse. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson. Dr. Isaac N. Demmon, Dr. Vida D.
Scudder and others. -.• '
IX.— OTHELLO.
The Play as an Acting Drama.
Considered simply as a dream of passion !
In action. . "Othello" is Shakespeare's
greatest play, and the greatest play the
world has seen. "Hamlet" may send its
plummet down to greater depths of wis
dom and philosophy, and may also rise to
much higher nights of poetic expression.
"Macbeth" and "King Lear" may reach
their tragic culminations by a subtler evo
lution of their dramatic motives. But
"Othello," in its swift and certain devel
opment of theme from simple beginning
to awful end. stands supreme. As a trag
edy of elemental human passion It la un
equaled In literature.
The history of "Othello" as an acting
play Justifies these statements. Its popu
larity In this respect, with the possible
without limitations. Tils art was not
universal. Nor was it without many
blemishes that actors of far less ability
anil fame have been guiltless of.
Moreover. Kenn was not phvslcally well
qualified for the realization of many of
the great roles he essayed. Hl3 figure
v.as not commanding; his voice was
harsh and ur.pleasing. But In his best
range, a^id especially when he was in
the full plenitude of his powers, the
fiSie of Edmund Kean's acting eclipses
that of every other actor in tragedy.
The only actress or actor whose
fame is at all comparable with his is
Mrs. Siddons.
Othello was Kean's greatest part. As
to this there is a fullness of evidence.
The elder Booth told Edwin Booth that
"no mortal man could equal Kean In tha
rendering of Othello's despair and rage";
that "his voice when he spoke tho words.
'Farewell, Othello's occupation's gone.'
sounded like the moan of the ocean or
the soughing of the wind through cedars."
. One characteristic of Kean'3 Imper
sonation of Othello Is worth noting.
Actors prior to him. even Garrick. Barry
and John Kemble. had represented
Othello as as African, or. in other words.
a negro. There is nothing in th» play of
"Othello" as Shakespeare wrote it to
Justify this. The ascription of negro
characteristics to Othello by other char
acters in th© play is the outcome, of
Jealousy and hatred. The Othello of
bhakespeare is dark skinned, but not
necessarily a negro. Kean represented
Othello as a "Moor," a Mauritanian, and
nothing more.
Coleridge said of Kean that "seeing him
act was reading Shakespeare by flashes
of lightning." This lightning-like genius
had scarcely displayed Its full brilliancy
before it began to be consumed by its
own heat and flame. Edmund Kean's life
was as sorrowful a tragedy as any he
ever, enacted upon the mimic stage. Ha
who was able to transport thousands by
his portrayal of imaginary passion 3.
which he couM assume or throw off at
will, became the victim of a passion of
his own which he could throw- off only
with hi 3 life.
Kean's last appearance upon th© stags
was in Covent Garden Theater. March
23. 1533. He was then only 46. But for
years the glory of his genius had been
waning, and its power by this time, ex
cept occasionally in flashes, was only the
mere wraith of what it once had been.
On this night he was playing Otnello to
his son's lago. It was the first time
EDWIN BOOTH AS OTHELLO.
father and son had appeared together.
Expectation was on tiptoe, and in an
swer to the applause which the per
formance of his favorite part evoked th©
great actor seemed to be himself ones
more. But In the third act. at the fatal
words "Othello's occupation's gone."
while the applause seemed even deeper
and more fervent than it had ever been
before, he hesitated and stammered. A
moment later, in totterinar toward lago.
to utter the injunction. "Villain, be sure
thou prove it." he fell Into his son's arms.
"Oh God:" he cried. "I am dying! Speak
to them. Charles," he implored. Tness
were his last words. The career of the
greatest Othello, the greatest Shylock and
the greatest Richard 111 the world has
known was ended. A few weeks later ha
was in . his grave.
Questions for Research and Review.
1. Are you prejudiced against Othello at
the outset? Why? Are you still prejudiced
at the close of act 1? By what means does
the poet cause Othello to grow in your es
teem through the remainder of the play?
2. How does Shakespeare keep us from
sympathizing much with Barbantlo?
3. What Is the dramatic purpose of the*
various scenes in which great affairs of
state are introduced?
4. Is Desdemona equally great with
Othello when both are on trial in the pres
ence of her father? Does Brabantlo's de
scription of Desdemona's character show
complete comprehension of her?
5. Is Desdemona' s lie concerning the
handkerchief a dramatic necessity? How
is her He Just before her death to be re
garded?
6. What Is Othello's motive la killing
Desdemona? Is it jealousy?
7. What use is made of race differences
In bringing on the tragic conclusion of the
play? Is there anything unnatural In Des
demona's love for a Moor? Does Othello
show race peculiarities?
8. Does lago become either better or
worse as the play advances? How explain
Othello's esteem of him?
9. Do you think lago's face and form
completely belled his character? Is he old
or young? Has he any real excuse for his
villainy? Any real motive?
10. How do lago and Richard 111 com
pare as villains? Which is the more artis
tic? Which the more cruel? Which the
more plausible?
11. How does lago gain his ascendency
over Othello in act 3. scene 3? Does he
take lower moral groud apparently? In
the reunion scene (act 2 scene 1> what U
the significance of lago's part?
12. By what means does lago keep Rod
erigo on the road to ruin? What are the
successive steps In Roderlgo's degenera
tion? How often does Roderigo serve the
main plot? At what point does he ceas»
to be necessary?
13. Is Casslo necessary? At what points
In the play?
14. In what scenes is Emilia most ser
viceable to the plot of the play?
15. Is Othello's suicide a dramatic neces
sity?
16. For what sins do the various offend
ers against moral laws pay the axtrema
penalty?
Ohio State University.
THROWN ON BEAM
ENDS OFF THE
CAPE OF STORMS
Tempestuous Voyage
of the E. B. Sutton.
A CRAZY JAPANESE STEWARD
»
WANTED TO KILL THE CAPTALN
AND CHIEF OFFICER.
The Ship Was Caught in the October
Storms That Damaged the Over
due Fleet — Accidents on the
Water Front.
After being thirty-six hours on her
beam ends and being buffeted by every
wind that blew for thirty-four days off
the Horn, the American ship E. B. Sut
ton finally reached port yesterday. Dur
ing the voyage the Japaneses steward ran
amuck and had to be put in irons to pre
vent him from murdering the captain
and mate and killing himself. There are
1000 cases of lubricating oil among the
cargo of coal, and when It began to leak
Captain Carver was in great straits for
fear of spontaneous combustion. All the
dangers were finally overcome, however,
and the E. B. Sutton reached port with
the Japanese steward in irons.
Joe Koch was shipped in Philadelphia
and proved himself to be a surly individu
al from the start. He had to be repri
manded on several occasions, but made
no outbreak until last week. Last Fri
day he had not been attending to his work
and when spoken to about It started for
ward after telling the Japanese cook that
he was going to kill Captain Carver, Mate
Saunders and himself. Upon reaching his
room he armed himself with a revolver
and came out on deck again.
In the meantime one of the crew had
told the mate that the Japanese was
armed and meant mischief. The chief
officer at once went forward and as soon
as Koch attempted to draw his gun the
mate knocked him down. He then called
the watch and the Japanese was placed
in irons.
In his report of the voyage. Captain
Carver says:
October 7, latitude 66 IS south, longitude 63
27 west— Had a heavy gale from southwest,
filling decks to the rails and flooding forecastle
and cabin; ship laboring heavily.
October 16. latitude iS 13 south, longitude
68 11 west— Had a west southweat gale; decks
full of water; blew away several sails.
October 18. latitude 66 south, lonjrltude 66 13
¦west— Had a very heavy southwest jrale and
snowstorm: stove in doors In the forecastle
and flooded the forward house and stove In
the galley doors and washed away the contents
and shifting the gulley range; decks full to the
rails and cabin flooded and damaged some
stores; shin on her beam ends ror thirty-six
hours; had to use oil bags to keep sea down.
October 25. latitude S6 49 south, longitude 65
B0 west— Had a heavy southwest gale, with
seas rolling mountain high; shipped a sea on
the port quarter, smashing: the wheel hous«
and after companion way and taffrall and
starting the main rail and windcrws and doors
in. th« after house and washing overboard
everything movable on deck.
October 2S— Had a very heavy south south
west rale: washed away skylights and boats
and rail: decks flooded fore and aft.
The Sutton carries many signs of her
hard usage. The 'railing Is gone, the hull
bears a battered appearance and the ship
has a slight list lo starboard. During her
encounter with the Horn weather the
cargo shifted, but after several hours'
hard work the crew got the vessel on an
even keel again. All in all, the E. B.
Sutton had an experience during the
month of October that nobody aboard
wants to repeat. The vessel sailed In and
came to an anchor off the Presidio. To
day she will be towed up the bay and will
be docked under one of the bunkers.
Mrs. Dennison, an elderly lady living at
716 Montgomery street, was nearly
asphyxiated yesterday morning. She did
not turn the gas fully off upon retiring,
and when the escape of the deadly monox-
"Wedding invitations and visiting cards,
fine writing papers, tablets and papete-
rles In our stationery department. Great-
est variety and best values. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Seek to Stop Revolt.
LIMA, Peru, Jan. 7.— ln consequence of
the reported attempts on the part of Cnile
to Chileanlze the provinces of Tacna and
Arica. the revolutionary chiefs residing in
Iquique have resolved to paralyze all ef
forts at revolt by issuing a manifesto to
the nation, leaving the Government's
hands free to devote entire attention to
the ransom of those provinces.
IFARRAGUT'S OLD WARSHIP ?
| ONCE AGAIN IN THE BAY|
1 ' f
T |— iARRAGUT'S old warship, the Hartford, came down from Mare Island
<$> L yesterday. During the afternoon she adjusted her compasses In the vi- t
? F^ dnity of Red Rock, and once that was accomplished she came along X
the front and anchored off Folsom street wharf. In a day or so she «•>
T will probably go for a trial cruise outside the heads, and then she will start ?
% for New York via the Straits of Magellan..:.-. T
4> The story of the rejuvenation of the historic old fighting machine has <>>
? been told from time to time in The Call. Months ago she was to have start- 4
4> ed on a cruise that was to have taken In all the ports of the world, with a <£>
t stop In France for the Paris Exposition. This has all been changed, how- 4'
± ever, and she will now take a band of apprentices on a deep sea practice J,
X cruise. When the Hartford was ready, to sail It was found that several of +
A her timbers were decayed. This necessitated her being put on the drydock <»>
<:. again. Now ehe Is aa sound as the day she was launched. 1
DEATH OF A VETERAN.
Passing of Captain Fairclotlx, Who
Served Through Three Wars.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— Captain F. M.
Falrcloth. commander of the transport
Seguranda during the Spanish-American
war, died at his home in Jersey City to
day, aged 70 years. He was a veteran of
the Mexican. Civil and Spanish wars. In
the war of the rebellion he was, com
mander of the Government steamer Bos
ton, which was burned to prevent the
Confederates taking possession of her.
During the battle of Santiago Captain,
Falrcloth stood on the bridge of the bat
tleship Indiana.
GERMAN MINISTERS SAY
FRIENDSHIP IS GENUINE
Regret the Publication of the State
ments Credited to the London
Spectator.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.— The statements
published to-day credited to the London
Spectator, regarding Germany and the
Monroe doctrine, caused some comment
In diplomatic circles. Officials of the
German Embassy say they lament the
appearance of such statements and de
clare they are published with a view of
creating a distrust in Germany's real at
titude toward the American nation.
Embassador yon Holleben. when shown
the article referred to. declared that it
was without foundation in fact and was
c. pure invention from Ftart to finish. He
should not ha\-e paid any he«»d to It ex
cept for the fact that his attention had
V.«?n called to the matter by a represen
tative of the prrss. He hopes, he says
tt;n.t no seriocs attention will be given to
publications of tho character stated, but
that they will be treated with contempt
by fair-minded people.
WORK OF A SECOND
"JACK THE RIPPER"
Bobbery Was Not the Motive for
the Murder of Zachel
Ferguson.
TORONTO. Jan. 7.— lnvestigation In
connection with the murder of Miss Ra
chel Ferguson last Friday night discloses
the fact that the motive was not robbery
and that the crime was in all probability
the work of a man of the same character
as "Jack the Ripper."
Within an hour before the murder two
other young girls were chased and a
third knocked down by the same man in
the same vicinity. The post mortem ex
amination discloses the fact that the skull
of the victim was terribly smashed and
that she had apparently been struck down
while passing the jail gate and dragged
to the spot inside the wall where she was
found. The murderer is still at liberty.
m
Bode the Brake-Beams.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 7. — Thomas
Hughes, a boy eleven years old, to-day
arrived In this city from Los Angeles.
H« traveled by brakebeam and ran away
from his home. 117 North Avenue 13, East
Los Angeles, four or five days ago. He
Is detained at police headquarters.
CONVICTS AND LUNATICS.
Rev. James A. B. Wilson on "The
Lessons of the Century."
Under the caption of "The Lessons of
the Century," the Rev. Dr. James A. B.
Wilson discoursed on the present and past
conditions of lunatics and convicts, in his
lecture at last night's service. "Ad far
back as IS4S." he said, "In the State of
Connecticut, It was the custom and du
t'es of the keepers of convicts to chain
their wards to iron bars during the night
time. This was done not as a precaution
of safety, but rather as one of punish
ment and degradation, and as It was in
Connecticut, so was it in other New Eng
land States, not to mention the countries
cf I'urope, -\vheit criminals were looked
upon and treated as so many wild beasts.
Flogging, branding and other barbarous
punishments were, invariably inflicted
upon persons convicted of crime, tho'isrh
the effences might be no more than mis
demeanors. Insane persons were looked
upon as being possessed of evil demons
and to extract the demons from the in
dividuals was considered the duty of the
persons having charge of those unfortun
ate ones.
"Theso conditions have changed witnln
the last fifty years, and to-day peiHt.ns
convicted of crime? against the co.nmuni
ty are bolng treats..! with hurr.an.j con
sideration, always with the view c* cor
recting the Individual and making him a
better man than he was before he fell
from grace. Inducements are being heM
out to the convict to better his condition
after he haa paid the penalty for his mis
deeds. The laws as now framed offer to
the man every chance to become good,
whereas In former times there were no
such inducements offered. The treatment
of the insane has also been changed for
the better, and the disease of the brain
is no longer looked upon as a crime, but
rather as a misfortune over which the In
dividual has no control, and one he should
not be punished for. :¦• '.
"This wonderful change has been
brought about by the enlightenment of
the age anu through the instrumentallty
of Christian influence, together with the
almighty aid of the public press. To the
press, perhaps, more is due than to any
other influence, the bringing about of this
great information In the treatment of the
criminal classes and the lunatics. The
public press draws public opinion to
abuses and no power can withstand Its
Influence when rightly directed."
exception of "Hamlet." Is without rival.
"Othello" was popular in Shakesperean
times, when Burbage played the Moor.
And, except in the puritan and Crom
wellian epoch, when all plays were for
bidden, it has been popular ever since.
From the time of the Restoration (13G0)
down to the very present there has never
been a year in which "Othello" has not
held its place on the boards as one of the
best "drawing" plays in the theatrical
repertoire.
And in one respect "Othello" has out
done "Hamlet" in its hold 'on popular fa
vor. "Othello" has never been "adapted."
It has always been presented, with the ex
ception of some shortening, practically as
Shakespeare wrote It. This cannot be said
of "Hamlet." Even Garrick, Shakes
perean lover as he was, altered Shakes
peare's "Hamlet" to suit his fancy. And
other adapters and improvers of "Hamlet "
there have been of lesser fame. But no
playwright, great or small, has ever pre
sumed to lay desecrating hands on
"Othello."
Fine as "Othello" Is as an acting play.
Its quality as a play for reading only i 3
equally fine. No other play that Shaken
peare has written holds the attention cf
the reader from beginning to end with
such enthrallment of mind and sense. Its
spell is continuous and complete.
The acting editions of "Othello" do not
present the play in it 3 entirety. Theatri
cal representations In Shakespeare's day
were much longer than those of our day.
None of the time of the spectators was
taken up with scene shifting, orchestral
performances, etc. A play as Shakes
peare wrote it has. therefore, to be con
siderably condensed to make it fit the con
ditions of a modern representation.
Notwithstanding that this is so, "Othel
lo" as it was originally written is so logi
cal and complete in its dramatic con
struction that scarcely a line can be
struck out without weakening it. Hence
those who know "Othello" only from see
ing, it played do not know it completely.
No person should go to see "Othello"
upon the stage without first reading and
studying the play in printed form.
"Othello" has the distinction among
plays of having two parts of almost first
clars importance for male actors, and one
part of almost first-class importance ! for
a female actor, while several of its minor
parts call for acting of more than an or
dinary character. It follows then that
the history of "Othello" as an acting play
would be a history of the entire English
stage. This consideration will show how
imperfect a treatment of its history is
possible here.
A point worthy of remembrance is that
It was in "Othello." in the part of Desde
mona, that the first woman impersonator
of a Shakespearen heroine, the first Eng
lish woman to act any part of any sort,
ever appeared. This was December 8.
1660. So extraordinary was the Innovation
that It was thought necessary to apolo
gize for it In the prologue. A part of this
prologue ran as follows:
"In this reforming age
We have Intents to civilize the staxa.
Our women are defective, and so siz'd
You'd think they were some of the guard £j s _
guis'd:
For to speak truth, men act, that are between
Forty and fifty, wenches of fifteen:
¦With bone so large, and nerve so uncompliant.
When you call 'Desdemona.' enter 'Giant.* "
This, It must be remembered, was in
the first few months of the Restoration
period. In the days of Shakespeare and
afterward until puritan ideas became so
dominant that all playing was prohlb
led, the parts of women In plays had
been taken by young boys, duly appren
ticed and trained. It was from the ranks
of these boy players that the players of
men's parts were generally recruited.
Theatrical playing was then a respecta
ble and lucrative profession. The puritan
regime changed all this. When the Res
toration again allowed playing to be
done, the apprenticeship system was no
longer in vogue. As a consequence, fe
male parts were soon generally assumed
by women.
All the great players in tragedy known
to the history of the stage have taken
part in "Othello," either as Othello or
as lago, and in some vises as both.
These great players in "Oniello" form a
regular succession of "kings of the
drama," Beginning with Shakespeare's
Burbage, the succession, or "dynasty,"
may be set down as follows: Burbage.
Betterton (who in 1709 played Othello for
the last time at the age of 74). Barton
Booth. Quin. Macklln (who, however,
played only Iago). Garrlck. Barry (some
times Garrick played lago to Barry's
Othello), Thomas Sheridan (the father of
Sheridan the dramatist), John Hender
son, John Kemble. George Frederick
Cooke (who. like Macklin, also played
only Iago), Edmund Kean, Junius Brutus
Booth (who played lago to Kean's Othel
lo), Edwin Forrest (who also played lago
to Kean's Othello). Macready. Samuel
Phelps, Edwin Booth and Henry Irving.
Booth and Irvlns at one time played
Othello and lago together alternately.
Of distinguished foreigners who have
played Othello, the more noted are the
Frenchman, Charles Fechter (with
whom, however, the part was much In
ferior to his Hamlet.) and the great Ital
ian Othello, Tommaso SalvinU
Interesting notes could be written on
the parts taken in the play of "Othello"
by all these players; but on the princi
ple that something about one thing Is a
great deal better than nothing much
about many things, let us confine our at
tention to that greatest of all Othellos.
that greatest. Indeed, of all Shakespeare
an actors, Edmund Kean.
Though Kean's genius for the highest
form of acting was so transcendent. It
must not be understood that It was
Ide was noticed the old lady was nearly
dead. Policeman J. E. Edwards? was
called In and he hurried Mrs. Dennison to
the Harbor Hospital, where Dr. Cherry
soon had her out of danger. Later In the
day she was taken home by her relatives.
>lrs. Dennison Is about ia years of age.
John Ambrose was removed from the
Salvation Army barracks on the corner
of Kearny and Sacramento streets in an
Intoxicated condition by Officer T. Con
way and taken to the Harbor Hospital
for treatment. Ambrose got drunk on
Chinese gin and the Salvation Army
picked him ud and tried to fix him up.
His scalp was cut and his right eyebrow
laid open. He was fighting mad and
would not let the Salvation lassies do
anything for him. On his way to the
Harbor Hospital he fought Policeman
Conway like a tiger and another police
man had to be picked up on the road to
keep him quiet. He was fixed up at the
hospital and sent back to the California
street station.
Joseph Clark and A. Anderson were
both treated at the Harbor Hospital for
dog bites yesterday. Both men were fool-
Ing with Newfoundlands and both got in
to trouble for their pains. Clark was bit
ten at 1422 Montgomery street. He teased
the dog with a piece of meat until It made
a snap and nearly took the palm of his
right hand out. Anderson was fooling
with his animal at 213 Steuart street
when it grabbed him by the right arm
and worried him. Both men were treated
at the Harbor Hospital by Dr. Cherry.
MURDERER OF
WONG YUEN IS
IN THE TANKS
His Companions Now
Sought.
WAS READY TO LEAVE CITY
CHIEF OF POLICE VISITS CHINA
TOWN.
More Trouble Between Waning
Tongs Hourly Expected — Chinese
Shibboleth 13 "A Life
for a Life." #
The suspected murderer of Wong Yuen
has been arrested and last night the po
lice spent their time in an effort to ap
prehend his accomplices in the crime. The
man was taken by Sergeant of Police An
derson and Officers Foule, Carr and Ahem
in a house on Washington street. His
name is Ah Mun. He was taken to the
California-street police station and was
later placed in the tanks, pending an in
vestigation. It is probable that to-day he
will be charged with murder.
Yesterday Police Officer Foule received
information that the Chinaman who shot
the inoffensive carpenter to death at 2S&
Waverly place on Saturday night was still
In town and occupied a room in a build
ing on Washington street. That the offi
cer might not be misled, the Informer
furnished him with a diagram of the
building and gave the exact location of
the murderer's room. Foule was also
warned that the man was preparing to
leave town and might depart from the
building at any time.
Sergeant of Police Anderson was com
municated with, and in company with Po
licemen Foule, Smith and Ahem visited
the place. They climbed a labyrinth of
Btairs and succeeded in finding the room
which was indlcatea in the diagram. At
first admittance was refused them, but
the door was finally opened and the oc
cupant of the room placed under arrest.
It was found that the fellow had his
blankets all packed and was ready to
escape. He answers the description of the
man who did the shooting, and Sergeant
Anderson stated last night that there
is scarcely any doubt that he Is the man.
His name was placed on the small book
at the California-street station. He has
been in town about three days, and came
here, it is believed, as a hired murderer.
There were three men implicated in the
crime, and last evening was spent by the
police under special instructions in search
ing for the imprisoned man's companions.
Until a late hour last night no further ar
rests had been made.
Chief of Police Tobin. accompanied by
Acting Chief of Police Wittman, visited
the scene of Saturday night's crime yes
terday evening and made a thorough in
vestigation. Before departing they'de
cided that more vigorous methods must
be employed to suppress crime in the Chi
nese quarter.
More trouble Is hourly expected by the
police. Matters have come to such a con
dition that further bloodshed Is almost
unavoidable.
PROCLAMATION ISSUED.
Chinese Consul General Speaks
to His Countrymen on
*Peace.
Yesterday the Chinese Consul General
for the port of San Francisco Issued a
proclamation calling for peace among the
Chinese of this city. He urges his people
to remain quiet and threatens them with
serious interference from the Chinese Six
Companies and the Merchants' Associa
tion if they fail to do so.
The document was posted in front of the
consular residence on Stockton street, and
was read by thousands of Chinese last
night. It is as follows:
I implore my people to keep th© p«&ce. la
a country so far from our native land, a col
ony such as exists In San Francisco should ba
In a condition of peace. We should be as one
brother to another. There should be no more
quarreling, aa It la shameful in the eye« of
other nations.
Only two companies are engaged in the pres
ent war and this is not their first quarrel.
These men must change their ways and not
fight like wild beasts in the Jungle. If this
trouble is not settled without further blood I
will invoke the aid of the Six Companies and
the Merchants' Association and bring the of
fenders to American Justice.
BIGGEST "TRAMP" THAT HAS EVER COME TO SAN FRANCISCO.
THE largest cargo that has ever coma to San Francisco In one bottom reached port on the British tramp steamer
AiWTeTterday. The vessel Is under charter to the Pacific Mall Steamship Company, and comes here from Hong-
I koS via Yokohama and Honolulu. As soon as the United States quarantine officer boarded her the vessel was
* ordered Into quarantine, and there she Is likely to remain for a couple of days to come.
The Algoa left Yokohama with 11.854 tons of cargo, but as 2240 tons were discharged at Honolulu she comes ! to Jth
9614 tons, or about twice as much as any single vessel has ever brought to San Francisco The big sailing ship Somali
brought a 5000-ton cargo of general merchandise from the Orient some years ago. and that was tho largest up to the
ad\ent of the Agoa^ composed about as follows: 13,000 mats rice, 115S packages tea. $31 boxes oranges, 64 cases
opluxi £»3 barrels Cement. 130 tons pig iron, 1576 packages tin. SOOO boxes dates. 36 149 bales matting. l3s4 gunnies gra£
Packs and 96 bags coffee, Thero Is no one wharf at which all this merchandise can be discharged so the Algoa will put
off part of her cargo at the Mall dock, after which she will go back to the seawall and then to »^?- ™*
big tramp has eight hatches and eight winches, so she will not take long in discharging: and loading and should be able
tO buift in England In ISD6 by W. Doxford & Sons of Sunderland. She Is 7575 ton 3 gross and 4597 tons
net tardei £ E f.e"on5 58 feet bX J and 23 feet 4 inches deep. She Is owned by Crow Rudolf &Co (the Algoa Steam
ship Company) of Liverpool, and has been engaged In the trade between China and Europe, hlle making Portat
Honolulu she went on the reef at the entrance to the harbor, but was not seriously damaged. It was at first thought
she would have to go on the drydock here, but the captain says his vessel Is not damaged In any way.
The captain and crew of the Algoa report that the plague has been stamped out at Honolulu.
ALLIEN'S STRANGE
LAPSE OF REASON
Wandered Blindly About
the Country.
Epecial Dispatch to Tfc« Call
NEW YORK. Jan. T.-Jallan E. Alllen.
! who previous to his mysterious disap
i pearance four months ago was one of
! the best known advertising agents in New
| York, has informed his family and friends
; that he is on his way home. Very little
; is known of Allien's wanderings since he
! left New York . but from a short ac
; count telegraphed to his sisters and wife
i it seems he was laboring under a fit of
I temporary mental aberration when he
i disappeared, since which time he ha 3
¦ been groping about to discover his own
'¦ identity.
Mr. Allien was assisted to the recovery
; of memory in ati interesting manner. For
j many weeks alter he left New York ho
j was in complete darkness. "lie "believes
he wandered across the continent and was
¦ in San Francisco when the first glimmer
• of returnin- reason came to him. He now
• knows that he was in a large city near
' the ocean at that time. Little by little
j his brain has resumed its ordinary func
' lions.
Last week he reached Chicago, which
: city he recognized. Finally Allien was
' brought to a full realization of his posl
; tlon by seeing his own name in a Chi
! cago paper. His wife, after his disap
i pearance, had been compelled to take
: - steps to support herself and their grand-
J children.
Not wishing to remain in New York,
1 where she had many friends, who had
\ known her in more prosperous days, she
i went to Mount Vernon, where she started
: a high-class boarding-house. One of her
' boarders was Alfred Morrison, who had
| recently come into notoriety through kill
¦ ing his wife while dreaming that he was
i attacked by burglars.
A dispatch to a Chicago paper from this
¦ city mentioned the fact that Morrison is
now living in a boarding-house kept by
. Mrs. Julian E. Allien. This paragraph
' came under the observation of the wan
• derer, whose reason returned to him as
'< suddenly as it uad left the moment hla
gaze fell upon his own name. He then
'¦ remembered that he had old and very
; warm personal friends in Chicago, to
i whom he Immediately told his story. They
! supplied him with funds and he left for
, New York to-nleht. Mrs. Allien when told
! oi the news was overcome with Joy.
LAND EJECTED
FROM OFFICE
Result of Sacramento
Mayoralty Contest.
Special IMspetch to The Call.
EACRAMENTO. Jan. B.— There was a
sensational scene at the City Hall a few
minute* after midnight to-night when
Mayor Cl?;ii took possession of his office.
He was accompanied by his attorneys and
two police officers and several citizens.
They found Mayor Land in possession of
the office and demande dthat he surrender
his chair. Land refused and he and his
attorneys were forcibly ejected from the
office.
On Tuesday there will corae up In the
Superior Court a suit brought by William
11. Bradley, a citizen, against Mayor-e'.ect
Clark to prevent his taking office, on the
ground that he has violated the purity of
election laws in incurring expenses of elec
tion not entered on his official statement.
Mayer Land claimed yesterday that if his
£ttorr.eys so advised him he would remain
*.zi the office of Mayor until the case
epalnst Clark was determined.
Apparently he received such advice to
(i:y, for he repaired to his office in the
City Hail in company with C. H. Dunn,
one of his attorneys, and there held the
fort until the midnight hour. A few
minutes after 12 o'clock Mayor-elect
Clark arrived In company with Police
Officers Michael Fisher ar.d George Nag
he!. Attorney Hir_n Johnson, School Di
rector Kay ar.d John E. Sullivan, who is
to receive Mayor Clark's appointment as
Chief of Police.
Mr. Johnson informed Mayor Land that
he should vacate the office at once; this
he refused to do. and Mayor Clark direct
ed Officers Naghel and Fisher to remove
the Mayor an- his attorney from the of
fice. The officer? placed hands on Mayor
Land and escorted him into the corridors,
where they left him. They then removed
Attorney Dunn in a similar manner.
Mayor Land protested that it was his
right to retain the office until the deter
mination of the case In court, but hi? pro
fits wpre of no avail. Mayor Clark de
tailed Officers Naghel and Fisher to keep
possession of the office until they were
reported off in the morning.
At the police station Bhortlv before 12
o'clock Mayor Land directed Sergeant
Plunkett. who is in charge of the station
at night, to take no orders except from
himself. The sergeant at almost the same
time received word from Mayor Clark that
he had detailed Officers Naghel and Fisher
for special duty.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900.
TWO CHILD-VICTIMS
OF CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Services of a Phgsiclan Refused in a
Pennsglvania Home Where Diph
theria Was Raging,
PITTSBURG. Jan. 7.-Diphtherfa and Christian Science have had a bitter
battle in a New Brighton family fcr the past two weeks. Diphtheria has won
so far. Two children are dead, while a third child and the father are danger
ously ill with the same disease.
Frank Martzolf and his wife hay* been believer* in Christian Science for
three yrars. ar.d so confirmed In the doctrine are they that they have seen
their two little ores die of malignant diphtheria, and were willing to see their
remaining child suffer rather than tak* her case "out of the hands of the
Lord." Not until forced to do so by the health authorities would the parents
permit a physician in the house, and even then the father refused to give the
medicine prescribed, and the health officials were compelled to take the fam
ily Jn charge. When the first child, Nancy, died Martzolf called on an under
taker to bury her. When asked for a certificate of death he said there was
none, ar.d Coroner Taylor began an investigation. He found the second child,
Roy. in the last stages of the disease, and ordered Dr. Boyd to treat him.
The father refused to give the boy the medicine, and he died a few hours
later. The health officials are now in charge and may be able to cave tho
ttilrd child and the father, both of whom are down with the disease.
Beaver Valley people are very much wrought up over the matter, and It Is
likely that Christian Science with Its prominent leaders in New Brighton, will
be Investigated by th© courts. ' • X
___^^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAVE YOUR HAIR
WITH SHAMPOOS. OF
And light dressings of CUTICURA, purest of emollient skin cures.
This treatment at once stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothes irritated, Itching surfaces, stimulates the hair folli-
cles, supplies the roots with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp when all else fails.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humor.
OowietinKof Ccticcba Soap (25c.). to clefece the skin of ernstt and
/^Ti ¦!¦ 2~. „_„ _ ~- A »<¦«:** and poftf-n the thlckcn«l cnticle; OimctTiiA Ointment (60c),
"llßltttl H si to laitantly allay itchlnjr. icSammstion, and irritation, and soothe and
VLJ.C LwLe.fi. U hea!; and'CrncCEA Rejolte.vt (50c). t0 cooland c!»ao»e the blood.
-J>7. „-— _- __ AErxGLE 6etU often scffiri«Jt to enre the most torturing, dUfijfuring,
TUr \M XI OK «ad hcmillatiajr «kla. scalp, and blood humors, with loaa of hair, •when
IfluOLl, 4>ii£J ell else falls. Potteb Ur.ro a? 3 Cczx. Cobp., Bole Prop*., Boston.
•AUAbct:ttheEfcla.Bealp.»adH*lr."lree. .
EDWIN FORREST AS OTHELLO.
5WORK FOR YOUNG WOMEN.
Much Good Done Last Year by tha
Devoted Ladies of the Y. W. C. A.
The Young Woman's Christian Associa
tion has elected the following officers and
directors: President. Mrs. W. O. Gould;
vice-presidents. Mrs. CJeorge W. Preseott,
Mrs. J. F. Merrill. Mrs. M. P. Jones, Mrs.
H. J. Sadler; recording secretary. Miss
Helen Van Winkle; corresponding secre
tary. Mrs. S. P. Tug?le; treasurer, Mrs.
I. 11. Morse; directors. Mrs. L. C. Red
lngton. Mrs. W. O. Gould, Mrs, G. W.
Preseott. Mrs. John F. Merrill. Mrs. M. P.
Jones. Mrs. H. J. Sadler, Mrs. George P.
Thurston. Mrs. A. R. Baldwin. Mrs. S. P.
Tuggle. Mrs. J. H Morse and Miss Helen
Van Winkle; trustee*, Messrs W. E.
lirown. J. F. Merrill. A. B. Forbes. W. F.
Whittier, C. V. B. <J:bbs. E. B. Pond,
George W. PrescoTt; managers. Mesdames
J. I* Mart el. F. A. James, M. Beardsley,
A. Unger. M. Godley. E. T. Allen, j.
Bpruance N. G. Kittle. B. M. Gunn. G. B.
Warren. William J. Gunn. J. A. Fillmore.
George Crocker. John Stephens and Miss
H. L. Read. The annual reports show
that there were Ci,4 boarders In the home
last year and that the classes were at
tended by over 2'to young women: also
that the employment bureau furnished po
sitions for over CM young women. The li
brary. 6ewlr.g schools and lunch rooms
were well attended. The relief committee
assisted 1555 Individuals during the year.
The travelers' aid committee had a visitor
a.t the trains and Fte&mers dally to guide
and aid strangers. The receipts were Jl9 -
*76 46. and the expenditures. $19,643 &4,
leaving a balance on hand of $232 52.
horseshoes are, to be made. Much of the interior fitting
of the- school Is 'to be completed by the pupils In the
cabinet-making department. In the section where It Is
calculated to turn out full-fledped carpenters the boys will
be given a practical education In that trade by building a
real dwelling. Not alone will they do the carpentry work,
but they will be required to draw the plans and the details,
compile the specifications and figure the cost. This dwell
ing will be torn down when completed and as much of the
material as possible used In other work.
The school Is a branch of the University of California
and was created through the generosity of the late J. C.
Wllmerdlng. While everything la to bo free to the pupil,
It should not be considered a charity proposition any more
co than the public schools.
The instructors have been selected with a view of
Eecurlng masters at their respective trades or professions
and Include some who are considered to be the best work
men In the country.
. Everett Schwartz, a gentleman who Has made Indus
trial training his life's study, is the director. His assistants
will be as follows:
Rufus M. Grant, carpentry department; Joseph A.
I^anderville of New York, cabinet-making department:
Daniel 11. Biggs of New York, instructor In wood-carving;
Fritz Llndberg of New York, master of the forging de
partment; Felix Peano, clay molding and art; S. W. Hem
enway of San Francisco, mechanical and architectural
drawing; Arthur W. Gray of the University of California,
mathematics and geometry; Miss Bertha Noltemeier, as
sistant Instructor In mechanical and architectural draw-
Ing; Miss Marlon Adams, Santa Barbara High School,
history. English and geography.
' 17 ITJI^ UT any fusa or feathers and In perfect
Vl \ V j keeping -with the practical Ideas of its founder,
W/VW the wilmerdln S School of Industrial Arts will
, xl xl be formally opened to-day. It Is expected
that the school will start with at least a hun
» dred ambitious youths who have determined "to make a
living with their hands with little study and plenty of
work." No speechmakinET or music will mark the begln
( nlng of practical work in the Institution. When time la
called Monday morning the pupils will be sent to work as
, though the school had been In existence for years.
Everything is in readiness. The forges In the big black
' smith shop are ready for the fires; the pressing of the
\ button which will start the electric motor will set in mo
tion the machinery in the cabinet-making and carpentry
, departments and a corps of competent instructors will be
on hand In every section of the school prepared to do Its
• best, with a firm Intention of making records.
\' Those who start in the school on Monday will com
mence a five months' preliminary course. This will Include
» a thorough polishing In the practical studies, such as
arithmetic, history. English, etc., and a smattering of all
' the Industrial trades that are to be taught. The idea of
\ the latter part of the plan is to place the boy In a position
, at the end of the manual training course to select the
> trade to which he will be best adapted, and consequently
• of which he can make the most success through life. When
this period Is passed the pupil will be trained in the par
> tlcular trade he essays to follow.
Everything Is to be conducted on a practical basis.
> Theoretical work Is to be tabooed as far as possible. The
articles to be made are to be the "real things." In the
blacksmith-shop real wagons are to be mended and real
FIRST INFANTRY
MAY COME AGAIN
TO THIS COAST
Spoken Of for the
Presidio.
TO LEAVE LEAVENWORTH
ONE POSSIBILITY IN THE SHIFT
ING OF GAKRISONS.
Acting Assistant Surgeons Becoming
Scare at the General Hospital.
Only Seven Left Out of a
Big Force.
The possibility that the headquarters
j of tho Sixth Cavalry will be. brought to
thp Presidio from Fort Riley. Kans.. is
pettinp more remote from the fact that
the commanding general of the Depart
ment of Colorjfto has requested that the
j headquarters of the Sixth Cavalry be sent
to Fort Leavenworth, also In Kansas, and
this will probably be done.
The assignment of the headquarters of
the Sixth Cavalry to. Fort Leuvenwerth
will raise another possibility, however, of
even greater Interest. The headquarters
of the old First Infantry. M long sta
tioned on this coast, are now at Fort
Leaven worth, and the ordering of the
Sixth Cavalry there instead of here may
mean that the First Is booked for here.
The First la General Shafter's old reg'
ment, and, besides. It is the only avail
able infantry headquarters in the coun
try. In view of the desire ot General
Shatter to maintain the Presidio as an
' Infantry post, the probable assignment of
the First is awakening interest. There are
many who believe, however, that Colonel
: Rawles, commanding the. Third Artillery,
now at Angel Island, will be assigned
here In default of other available officers
of infantry or cavalry.
So many acting assistant surgeons have
been drawn from the general hospital for
service In Manila that the complement of
the hospital Is now smaller than it ever
ha« been, and no man can be spared.
What other surgeons are sent to the Isl
ands must come from the East, or else
more must come to the hospital. There
are now only peven surgeons at the hos
pital to care for over 200 patients.
FLAG-LIKE MAN.
Archdeacon Weber Addresses the
Young Men of the Associa
tion.
Archdeacon Weber addressed a larsre
audience in the auditorium of the Young
Men's Christian Association building yes
terday afternoon. His subject was the
"Flag-like Man." He said in part:
We are alway thrilled through "Old Glory"
and the "Star-epanKled Banner." Our flag
stands for home protection and the finest man
hood. It has always waved acro»s the battle
fields in the face of tyranny, oppreeslon and
wrong, successfully in the Interest of higher
manhood as peen in our American civilization.
f m S. STROZYNSKI CO., I
V /S'^K <E«t«bli«h«d 1872) <Z>
§ j;r\ 24 GEARY STREET, 8
a ¥$f/ v *-*F& LEADING LADIES' HAIR DRESSERS, WIG AND 2
I a V^fV TOCPET MAKERS. 2
I /Vvs£) T(tL> lm P° rters °* Parisian Novelties and Frencb Face 1
¦ V V^JJ2/^ Cosmetics. g
q x^^*^ Our stock of human hair is the largest §
<| N^-// and choicest, hence such fine wigs and %
jg front pieces. We use none but first qual- »
0 ity hair for switches — no combings.
§Our hair dressings ar; latest and most artistic <iy
We empby none tut experts. VVs have the latest novelties all the time. £
o Our imported preparations for restoring gray an J bleached hair are tho O
X best and most reliable. Our establishment is the finest equipped. B?st ~
O service, because under our personal supervision, anJ our reputation Is our S
g standarJ. B. J. RYBICKI. LE. McCLOSKEY. £
CELEBRATED HIS
FIRST MASS IN
THE CATHEDRAL
Opening of the Career
of Father Kennedy.
WAS IN HIS NATIVE PARISH
CHUBCH THRONGED WITH. REL
ATIVES AND FBIENDS.
i^erclses for the Sunday School Chil
dren — Archbishop Riordan. Re
ported to Have Had an Audi
ence With the Pope.
The attendance at St. Mary's Cnthedral
¦was very large yesterday morning at sol
emn high maps, the friends and relatives
of the Rev. Cornelius E. Kennedy all
•wishing to witness the ceremony of the
young priest celebrating his first high
mass. A pleasing feature of the cere
mony was the fact that Rev. Father
CrOor.rell. a youiig priest who has only
recently been ordained, acted as sub
<3caoon. Rev. James E. Moran, who cele
brated his first mass on New Year's Day,
acted as deacon. Hath Father Kennedy
end Father O'Connell were born in the
cathedral parish.
A special musical programme was ren
dered by an augmented choir for the oc
casion as follows: Hummel's "Kyrie,"
Mozart s Twelfth Mass, "Gloria." Haydn's
Th:rd Credo, Hummel's '•Sajictu?.' 1 '-Ben
ediotus" ar.d "Agiius Dei." Postlude,
"The Philosopher's March," composed by
the Key. c. E. K. Kennedy. The soloists
nrrc Miss Julia Sullivan, alto; Miss Kath
erine Black, soprano: David Manlloyd,
tenor: S. J. Sandy, bass. Prof. H. J.
Harrison, orgar.ist. The sermon was
preached by the Rev, Father Prendergast,
ile faid In part: • .
Sly Dear Brethren: In thl« public mass cele
fcraied by this j-oun^ priest we all phouM share
in the pleasure anj the happines-x of his par
ents. A very Ki**rial duty now develops itself
on the brothers and Bisters and all the relatives
ot the J'oung priest, for the prayers tliat brougtit
him to the altar should not cease until th»y
trinr l;im t.> hea\«-n and to cJod. In this
change, with its *i«-oial duties and difficulties
t'> contend with, he should I* Fu*=tained by the
empathy and the good » iehes of those who
love him. Therefor* the relatives and friend*
of me Hf\-. Father Kennedy i-hou'.d not con
eider themselves free frnm all duty nuw that
he wear* the robes of the priest and minister?
ut the iiltar, hut they should in every way
cl<! him to It-^ome a fit minister and representa
tive of the Kterna! Hi|?h Pried.
Jn the afternoon ihe Sunday-school dis
tribution ot prizes was held "in the base
m*-!H of th*» cathedral. Father Prender
e^si presided at the meeting. He was
assisted by Father* Demjmey and Ramm.
On next Wednesday ev«n!ns at the same
place there will be an entertainment for
the children of the Sunday-school who
have prewn up and not of the school.
Bach of tne scholars will receive a s<mail
tuk-'ii as a souvenir of remembrance.
The second half term of St. Patrick's
Seminary at Klenlo Park opened tho lat
ter part of last week. Since the opening
cf ihi' seminary a. number of young m»>n
of this city have registered down thr-re,
with the intention of becoming Catholic
priest*.
His Grac* 3 . Most Rev. Archbishop Rior
<3an. accompanied by his brother. Rev.
D. J. Rjordan. of Chicago; Rev. P. K.
Muilipan. his secretary, and the Rf-v.
J. I. Mc<juade. fornicrly of Holy Cross
Church but recently returned from Man
ila, had an audience with .the Pope on
the 12th ult.
Next Friday rvening the members of
Council No. S",. V. M. 1., will hold their
annual reception and social in Native
Son?' Hall at B o'clock. A very intorc-ft
ir.g programme has been prepared and the
<-ommluee in charge of the affair guar
antees everyljjdj- a good time.
Chiefs to Be Raised.
The recently elected chiefs of Pocahon
tas Council No. 3, Degree of Pocahontas,
Improved Order of Red Men, will be pub
licly installed on next Thursday night
by District Deputy Agnes McMahon in
the Laurel Hail of the Shlels building.
The ceremony will be followed by danc
ing.
Mission Rebekahs.
District Deputy President Mrs. Hattie
Duley, assisted by Mrs. Laura Lowrie, at
a public meeting last night in Excelsior
Hall, installed the officers of Mission Re
bekah Lodge, I. O. O. F. The hall, which
was crowded, was prettily decorated in
the colors of the order. Tho officers who
are to control the affairs of this lodge
during the current term are: Parthenia
Burkhart, noble grand; Lizzie C. Watson,
vice grand; Margaret Duncan, recording
secretary; Anna M. Norman, financial
secretary; Frances Hawkins, warden;
Irma Ehrer, conductor; Lillle B. Holcomb,
right supporter, and Mary Mason, left
supporter to noble grand; Mary Flltner,
right, and Mary B. Hurst, left supporter
to vice grand; Flora Ashworth, inside,
and Frank Flltner, outßide guard; Susie
Tracey. organist; junior past. Mrs. Mary
G. Barnes; chaplain, Rena J. Crawford.
After the ceremony there was the pre
sentation of a jewel to Rena J. Craw
ford, the retiring past noble grand, by
Deputy Grand Master W. W. Watson, on
behalf of the lodge, a Bouvenir brochure
by the officers of the lodge to Mrs. Mary
G. Barnes, the retiring noble grand, who
is to remove to Healdsburg. and the do
nation of a gold and silver souvenir spoon
ADVXRTISEMENTS.
CURES
WHILE YOU SLEEP
/7\ lIHRK Is relief
/J&*^ from pain, from
V*^L«— iLT* "iS \^\ which aeeompa-
t^JS"<s^ XL faif^^ from drußuery
i^fcjjT 9 Jj«._«!a an!i doctors' bllln.
\P^3* '^P'^V&E'ksL hem *> *rpli*<l by
It Is El**ctrlcits"
appli«»d ty my new method, the result of
my twenty years* experience.
MY ELECTRIC BELT,
Unlike all othcre, maJt to cur*. Tou apply
It when you bo to bed. You feel its wjrra-
liiir. Isvlcoratlss and toothing currents
flowing throug-h your nervous eyrtem, and
It induces a quiet. reMful sleep. ' You
awaken In the mornlns feellne refreshed.
It fives nw life. Call and see It, cr send
far mjr free booklet,
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 K&rket St., Ccr. Et»rty. S. 7.
And cor. i-ir.r.g And Second. Los Angeles.
COKE! COKE!
r. a. McDonald,
Wholesale TValer and Hhlpper of Coke.
VFFICZ., t!3 FOLSOM ST.
Evangelist Weber Prostrated.
J. H. Weher. the noted evangelist,
who was to have conducted a series of re
viva'* at the Mrthodist churches of this
rlty. has be^n cttacked with nervou*
prostration and has b*»en s»»nt to a health
report. Ho is- so ill that it is feared he
will never ap.-iln be able to take up
evanpreliral work.
Mi«B Flora Bollincer. th«» Plneer who
¦was to have accompanied Mr. Weber In
his work here, will slnff at the substitute
revival sorvires that am bring arranged.
ODD FELLOWS' INSTALLATION.
Twelve Hundred Witness the In
duction of iSncampment Officers.
More than twelve hundred ladies and
gentlemen had an opportunity to witness
Saturday night tho public installation of
the officers of Oriental Encampment N0.57
of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows,
a subordinate of the highest branch of the
order, ahe hall was decorated with the
three colors of the order— pink, Nile green
and royal purple. Previous to the cere
monial Canton San Francisco of the Pat
riarchs Militant entered the hall in full
uniform and they were followed by the
members of the Rebekah Drill Corps. The
two bodies occupied opposite sides of the
hall and stood with drawn swords at sa
lute while the grand officers entered to
take their respective stations.
The effect was Intensely dramatic and
exceedingly pretty. C. L. Zeigler, district
deputy grand -*trlarch, was the chief In
stalling officer and T. R. Morse, grand Ju
nior warden, performed the duties of mas
ter of ceremonials. After the chief pat
riarch had been obligated by the Install
ing deputy the other elected officers were
obligated by Grand High Priest J. W.
Harris, after which eacn was conducted
to his station and installed by the grand
officer iilling the station. The appointed
ofHcers were installed by the deputy. The
ceremony was most impressive and was
closely watched by the large concourse of
people. The n«w officers are:
J. T. McGhee, chief patriarch; G. W.
Lemont, high priest; F. W. Derby, senior
warden; A. Hover, recording scribe; O. H.
Wilson, financial scribe; A. H. Kelton,
treasurer: W. S. Matthews, junior ward
en; H. Rogers, outside sentinel; F. D.
Ash/worth, inside sentinel; R. C. Black,
guide; J. ,M. Wtlliston. first. J. A. Loft*,
second, F. P. Ashworth, third, and W. T.
Webb, fourth watch; G. W. Monteith.
first, and G. W. Collier, second guard of
the tent; A. Edmonds, organist.
After the ceremony Grand Scribe Barnes
on behalf of the encampment presented
to Past Grand Patriarch James W. Harris
and his wife a set of three pieces of costly
furniture. Oriental leather covered chairs
and lounge, as a token of the encamp
ments admiration of Mr. Harris' zeal and
work for the order. The gift was accom
panied with an engrossed testimonial,
signed. by all the patriarchs of the en
campment. This was supplemented with
beautiful flowers presented by Templar
Rebokah Lodge, of which Mr. Harris Is a
member.
¦The evening closed with dancing, under
the direction of Colonel John Thompson,
floor manager, assisted by an efficient
committee.
to Mrs. Lillle B. Holcomb for services
to the lodge. A dance followed the cere
monies.
REV. DR. RADER IS
GOING TO EUROPE
IT has been an
nounced that
Rev. William
Rader, pastor of
the Third Congre
gational Church,
has been granted a
leave of absence,
during which he
will make an ex
.tended tour of
Europe, The board
of trustees have
presented a resolu-
tion highly com-
mendatory of the
pastor and his work, and expressing re
gret that the church Is to lose him tem
porarily.
The Third Congregational Church has
prospered under the present pastorate,
and the people have heartily supported
Mr. Under in his work. He will leave
early in February, to be gone several
months. Some of the time will be spent
in London, where a study of social and
church conditions will be made. Mr.
Rader has been on this coast for about
seven years. He is a Phlladelphian and
was educated in New England.
No announcement has yet been made as
to the man who will occupy the pulpit in
the Interval. Several prominent names
ate under consideration.
The subject of his sermon yesterday
morning was "The Mixture of Good and
Evil," and in the evening the chorus choir
rendered the cantata "Prince of Peace."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Miss Lockheart's
LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM.
[LETTER TO 11SS. PINKHAM NO. 67,104]
" I cannot express my gratitude to
fon for the good that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
for me. I have taken five bottles of
the Compound and two boxes of Liver
Pills and feel better in every respect.
I had suffered for years with dropsy;
the veins in my limbs burst, caused
from the pressure of the water. I had
the worst kind of kidney trouble, faint-
ing spells, and I could not stand loug
at a time. I also had female weakness
and the doctor said there was a tumor
in my left side. The pains I had to
stand wero something dreadful. A
friend handed me a little book of yours,
so I got your medicine and it has saved
my life. I felt better from the first
bottle. The bloating and the tumors
have all gone and I do not suffer-any
pain. lam still using- the Vegetable
Compound and hope others may find
relief as I have done from its use." —
Miss X. J. Lockeeabt, Box 16, F.t.tt:^.
Only the women who have suffered
with female troubles can fully appre-
ciate the gratitude of those who have
been restored to health.
Mrs. Pinkham responds quickly and
withoutcharge to all letters from suffer-
ing women. Her address is Lynn, Mass.
STOCK-TAKING SALE!
Our large stock of highest grade Fur
Novelties Including- -Tp|TT| n i rr\£
musi be reduced fUK lI A 1 J
within 30 days.
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Manufacturing FlirrierS,
121 Post Street, Rooms 7 to 11."
Remodeling and repairing at popular prices
Oirr nnifll Corner Fourth and
UHIL nulHLsr B o*£U I *s&
'.-^- Valise* checked if.
SaSl^^ffl FURNITURE
ezM^ttti&£33'G4oHlSSlQ}lsl
WILMERDING SCHOOL OF INDUSTRIAL ARTS.
Iago Is Towed to Port.
LISBON, Jan. 7.— The British steamer
lago, Captain Nellie, which sailed from
Hull December 7th for Boston, and which
was reported disabled with her shaft
broken, by the British steamer Electri
cian, from New Orleans for Liverpool, In
latitude 47. longitude 26. was towed in here
to-day by the British steamer Cephalo
nia, from Table Bay for Southampton.
Pyography outfits, skins and a great
number of new things in wood and leather
for burning. Artists' material department.
Sanborn, \ all & Co.. 741 Market street. •
December's Immigrants.
The local United States Immigration
Bureau reports 429 Immigrants arriving
at this port for the month of December,
of which number 163 were tourists. The
following are the nationalities, religions
and occupations of the Immigrants proper:
Japanese. SO; English, 6; Spanish-Ameri
can, 17; German, 14; Austrian, 12; Scandi
navian, 11; Korean, 10; Mexican, 10. Re
ligions—Protestants. 107; Roman Catholics,
78; Buddhists, 74; Greek Catholic, 2: Is
raelite, 1; not stated, 4. Occupations-
Merchants, 21; sailors. 21; laborer*. 27;
farm laborers, 19; miscellaneous. 14; do
mestic servants, 10; skilled laborers not
specified. 10; farmers, 10; engineers, 4;
miners, 3; no occupations. Including wo
men and children, S9. The Immigrants
brought with them $35,574.
WHERE BOYS WILL BE PREPARED TO
MAKE A LIVING WITH THEIR HANDS
ROBBED OF HIS GOLD WATCH.
Win. Wempe Falls Among TMeves,
But He Does Not Know
Them.
TVllllam Wempe, 421 Oak street, was
seeing the sights early yesterday morn
ing, and some one relieved him of his
gold stop-watch, gold wire chain and
diamond locket. He has no recollection
of where or by whom the articles were
stolen. At least that was his statement
when he reported the matter at police
headquarters yesterday morning about 9
o'clock.
An Investigation was made and It was
ascertained that Wempe was in Jerry
McCarthy's saloon, 775 Market street,
about 6 o'clock, in the morning, and
pulled out hia watch to wind It up. Four
men. strangers to McCarthy, were In
the saloon at the time, and it 13 suspected
that they waited until Wempe came out
and then led him to a secluded spot ana
robbed him.
MORE VICTIMS OF
MOODY AND HIS
READY REVOLVER
Held Up a Boy and
His Mother.
WANTED MONEY OR WATCH
F. HINGSBEHGEN ALSO STOPPED
BY THE SOLDIER.
Sis Said Moody Was Arrested for
Murder in Montana, but Was
Acquitted After a Long
Trial.
Frank Moody, the soldier footpad, Beems
to be about as dangerous a man as can
be. It Is a wonder he did not kill two or
three people Friday night, as he went
arouna with a revolver in his hand
searching for victims.
Before he met Martin Van Haarlen, the
dry goons merchant, on Mission street,
near Tenth, and tired two shots at him,
at least two others had almost as thrilling
an experience at his hands, lie was iden
tified at the City Prison by them yester
day and two charges of assault to rob
were booked against him.
Julius Splnuler, a boy 17 years of age,
living at 57 Harriet street, was walking
home with his mother from the corner
grocery about S:3O o'clock, when they were
stopped by Moody, who had a revolver
in nis hand, lie asked the boy if he be
longed to the I'irsi caliiornia regiment,
anu the boy said "No." Tnen you are
not my friend," said Moody, ana added:
"Have you got any money?" They coy
replied that he hadn't, and, Moody getting
angry, paid: "Have you got a watch?"
to which a reply in the negative was
given.
All the time Moody kept the revolver
pointed at the boys mother, who was
trembling from fear, and the Doy said to
him: ".Don't do that; that is my moth
er." After some more words Moody al
lowed them to go. The boy left his moth
er and followed behind Moody in the hope
that he would meet a policeman, but
When he got as far as Sixth and Natoma
streets without meeting one. he returned
home. Yesterday morning the boy and
his father called at the Southern Police
Station and the boy was taken to the
prison, where he at once identified Moody.
Fred Hingsborgon. 5718 Natoma street,
about 9 o'clock Friday night, was stopped
by a soldier at Fourth and Howard
streets. The soldier had a revolver in his
hand and demanded that Hingsbergen
hand over his money on pain of being
made a corpse. Hlngsbergen thought it
was the freak of a drunken soldier and
walked away. He also called at the
prison yesterday and identified Moody. It
was also reported that Moody had at
temped to hold up other people in that
locality.
It was said yesterday that Moody was
arrested in Montana on a charge or mur
der, but was acquitted after a long trial.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900.
The flair, like man. has the red of self-mas
tery, the white of deep sympathy and the blue
of self-sacrifice with star-like devotion to the
Ideal or eternal manhood as seen In Christ,
who is the union of God and man. the reve
lation of God to man and man to man, tne
perfect example and manhood on the throne.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jj does not improve laII ['| I
| "Imperial" Is es- XSfi'/ji
|j sentlally the same as Vif{ i
ths highly concen- T\h£
trated Dutch and other V,^ 4l
European cocoas. But be- Rmm|
ing made HERE, it Is fresh- Ug|
er, and therefore stronger ftCT;§|
and of better flavor. t lufl
Costs only 6oc a lb. Your I*/m
grocer has it— or will get it. Ifi ||
Mid; by ths D. GJitrar- V&M
d:IU Co. ?^-a
WINVER RESORTS.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP TICKETS TO
PASOROBLESSSIW
1 rnliiu 9.
Most noted Mineral Springs In United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism, Blood, Llvpt,
Kidney. Stomach and other disorders. Apply
FRANK TV. ELY. City Agent. WO Market st.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNUJTHEATERgL-
A BRILLIANT TO-NICHT
EVENT! AT G:3O.
THE GREAT PRIMA DONNA.
EMMA NEVADA,
Assisted by
MR. LOUIS BLUMENBERG, Cellist.
MR. BELDEN PRATT. Pianlet.
Direction of MR. CHARLES L. YOUNG.
Carriages at 10:30.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
...THE FRAWLEY COMPANY...
In Pinero's Original, Modern Comedy.
The PRINCESS and THE BUTTERFLY
Debut of MISS_MARY SCOTT. ft
OUR POPULAR PRICES: /£
Nlcht 75c. sf>c, 28c. vkf\/
Matinee 50c. 2."c. <jr?&_
In ["COUNTESS GUCKI." f I
Preparation. "THE HEART 1 1
I OF MARYLAND." %
LAST 6 NIGHTS!
FAREWELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
LIEBLER & CO. Present
Hall Calne's Most Powerful Play, THE
Final Nlcht, Saturday. January 13.
Jan. 15--JAMES-KiDDER-HANFORD COM-
BINATION in "THE WINTER'S TALE."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE. MAIN 531.
STILL PLAYINGTO CAPACITY 1
THE TALK OF THE TOWN.
THIRD WEEK ot the Extravaganza Furor.
....SINBAD....
A DELIGHTFUL ENTERTAINMENT.
PRICES 25c. 50c, 75c
Galleries 10c and 15c
Good reserved seat In orchestra at Saturday
Matinee. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
Whamvra-
(THE PEOPLES POPULAR PLAY HOUSE.)
Kddy »nd Jones Bti. PHONE. SOOTH 770.
TO-ISTIOHT
MATINEE SATURDAY
THE RENTZ-SANTLEY
NOVELTY COMPANY
AN AFFAIR 'OF HONOR!
POPULAR PRICES:
Evening 15c, 25c. Ssc. 60c and 73c
Matinee ...15c, 25c. 33c and 50c.
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
THE RAYS' HOWLING SUCCESS,
"FS. HOT QL.O TIME."
W. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AMD ATTOHRET-AT-LAW
Tenth Floor. Room 1015 Clatii Spreckels Bid*
Telephone Brown »31. *'
Sa^ Francisco* 1 C » llfornla «"" ™™ PoweH.
Weeny Call $1.00 dbt Year
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlie Hfrh-wattr Mark of VaaderHle.
THE EL.INORE SISTERS.
In G*orre 11. Cohans Greatest Hit. "DAN'-
GEROTTS MRS. DELA.VET."
FRANK L.ATONA. The Musical Tramp.
CHARLES A. GARDNER. JOHN' and NEtf-
IAK MacARTHET. BILLY RICE and H. W.
FRILLMAN. THE ROZINOS. DOROTHY
DREW. THORN'E and CARLETON.
Last We*lc of the Reigning Favortt<\
FOUGERE
Reserved Brats. 2.'c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. E^c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday aad Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
47.333 PERSONS HAVE BEEN "80- FEE P."
THIS EVENING BEOIN9 THE THIRD
WEEK OF
The Gorgeous Holiday Extravaganza,
LITTLE 80-PEEP
NEW BONOS. JOKES. DANCES. BALLETS.
ETC.
THE ONLY PLAT FOR THE CHILDREN!
SPECIAL CHILDREN'S MATINEE
SATURDAY!
POPULAR PRICES 25 AND M CENTS.
TELEPHONE. BUSH 9. %
Next Production— Frank Daniels' Greatest
Success
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
Tins (MONDAY) NIGHT.
First Appearance IRENE EVEP.ETT.
When Will Be Presented
Madeline Lucelle Ryley's Legitimate Comedy
MYSTERIOUS
MR. BUGLE!
SPECIAL SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— LADY WINDERMERE*3 FAN
American Debut of MAY BLAYNEY.
CHUTESJND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE,
The Smallest Actor on Earth,
claudeTthardo.
Eccentric Slnser and Talker.
THE COLUMBIAN FOUR,
Musical Artists.
ETHEL BCRT, Coasting the Chutes.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
JUST OPENED-The CHUTES MUSEUM. No
Extra Charse.
Phone for Seats— Park 13.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAIN PARK.
THIRD MEETING, Jan. 1-10, 1900. Inclusive.
Six hl«h-class running races every week-day
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m
The Ideal wtnter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb prand stand, glass-enclosed, where
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
. £ ralM leave Th'rd and Townsend streets at
1:00. IO^W and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:15. SxvJj^O
ana I:ZS p. m., returning immediately afte-
last race at 4:45 p. m. Rear cars r^erved
fpr women and their escorts. No smoking
Valencia street 10 minutes later. •"'"'"n*.
t>S?,? J^*« a . nd way ltatlcn »- Arrive at San
Tnd 44J V i °" Saß BrUn ° ** *™
tA^hS&isssas!, is sa^sv 1 * -
T. H. GREEN. S^Ur^Man^r.*^
6AN ITINERANT LIBBARY.
Mercantile Inaugurates a Plan That
Will Be of Advantage to Coun
try B^sidenta.
The Mercantile Library has entered
upon a contract .with a literary club of
Ivos Banos, Merced County, to supply
them with a traveling library. A nucleus
of one hundred volumes Is to be always
on hand, and as many more books as they
are entitled to according to their mem
bership at the rate of two books to each
member, to be changed from time to time.
The club has furnished a charter mem
bership of twenty-eight and also a bond
of $200 for the safe keeping of the books,
and each member pays JI.DO dues every
three months. In advance. Any commu
nity in the State has this privilege under
the same conditions. This Is an ionov£->
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 7.
ANOTHER sensation has broken
within the Bacred precincts of the
First Christian Church of this city,
and all efforts on the part of the
church trustees to prevent the details
reaching tho ears of the members
and the general public have failed. The
news will create a great flurry In church
circles.
The sting left by the sensationalism of
the Rev. Cator Edwards Davis In the
Christian church is still fresh In the
memory of all and Its smarting has hardly
ceased when the church trustees are once
more confronted with a problem that to
keep It secret has taxed not only their
own ingenuity but that of their own
pastor, Rev. Ouy W. Smith.
Rev. Mr. Smith came from "Woodland to
take charge of the First Christian Church
last March. His welcome was the warm
est and heartiest a minister could de
sire or hope for. Of his antecedents little
was known, but It later developed that
the Rev. Mr. Smith left a wife In the
State of Nebraska. As time wore on It
was noticeable that the newly appointed
minister was apparently laboring under
some great mental strain. His sermons,
too, seemed replete with the sentimental
ity of one who In his heart's hot cells had
shut up some great secret wrong, from
which he was suffering, and which he had
vowed would never bo disclosed by his
lips.
Some weeks ago a sermon by Rev. Mr.
Smith attracted particular attention and
comment. It was an ancient text— "The
bed Is too short and the covering too
narrow." In that discourse the preacher,
with suppressed emotion, said there are
many people making a bed for themselves
on which they try to stretch, but the
covering being too narrow discloses their
deeds, their social, political or their re
ligious condition.
The comment excited at the time has
revealed that the young preacher has a
wife on the other side of the Rockies, taljt
the couple have lived separate and apart
for some time. '
Some months ago, In the Superior Court
of Alameda County, a suit for divorce
was filed by G. W. Smith against Laura
M. Smith. Fred Wood drew up the com
plaint and a decree was asked on the
statutory ground of desertion.
This simple record elicited no curiosity
at the time, for the Smiths, even with
Large Warehouse Burned Down.
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 7.— The large ware
house of the Hennessey Mercantile Com
pany, opposite the Great Northern depot,
was destroyed by fire at an early hour
this morning. Loss on building, $12,000.
fully covered by Insurance; loss on stock.,
between '40,000 and $43,000. Insurance $20,
000. Cause unknown, but believed to have
been from dfective wire or spontaneous
combustion.
Racing at Tanforan
The entries for this afternoon's running
events are as follows:
First race— Five furlongs; four- year-olds and
upward; selling.
513 Theory 123' 55n Yaruna 131
6is2 Favershara 147 J73 Gov. Sheehan...l3i
431 Credo 1351 470 Sweet William. .l3s
Second race — One mile; sellinr; four-year
olils and upward.
*¦'?. I>tiu 109) 573 Onyaber 109
547 Tirade in»| 557 Coda 107
5:2 Dr. Marks lwJj 680 Storm King 113
CC4 Glen Ann 107 573 O'Connor 104
... KastaJn» 102 :>7O Inverary II ....109
672 Stuttgart 104 456 Tom Cromwell. .ll3
S«S Kapido WM
Third race — One mile; thr-e-year-olds; sell
ins.-
J37 Mont Eagle 105: 565 Zlska 101
(578)Thomaa Carey.. 103; 552 ?ara I>annenb'mlO3
J«:t Sunello XC: 570 Wallenstein 107
S.SS Allenna 11
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward: handicap.
577 Zoroaster 114- (sS9) Daisy F 101
(573)Formero 1091 567 Marcato 114
O77)Timemaker US 531 Forte 107
(579) San Venado 10O|
Fifth race— Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
674 Cyril 1«7 507 Mncorito 109
552 Ractvan 104 532 Champion Rose. S7
5"4 Gllssando 92 (>4)Goo<l Hone ....102
f.s» Aluminum 1«7 450 Silver Tail 89
(442)5t. Casimir .... 95 5*3 Afamada 109
1543)5t. Cuthbert ....iri'4 071 Ben Ledl 103
Sixth race— Seven furlonss; non-winner* in
lS3'3-l«nO.
BS2 Collins 112j SRS Hattl* Fox 93
443 Sugden 109: US Favorito 94
550 Duke of YorkII.112; 568 Firelight II .... 94
5W Lucid 114, o^B Mrvlwena 117
555 Redwald 97| 530 Hiero 115
535 Tempo 11 S o*i> The Offering W7
532 Nance O^'eil 92 1 566 Ciprtano 113
£63 Caesar Young... 971
Selections for To-Day
First race— Credo. Theory. Swm Wllnam.
Second race— Storm King, Tirade. Stuttgart
Third race— Wallenstein, Thomas Carcj
Allenna.
Fourth race^ — Daisy F. Marcato. Formero.
Fifth race— Afamada. Xlorcorito. Cyril.
Sixth race — Xance O'Neil. Temro. lllero.
The New Order of the Ages.
The Universal Brotherhood of the The
osophical Society held its regular week
ly meeting last night in the hall of the
Academy of Sciences on Market street.
The subject was "The New Order of
Ages," and the lecture was delivered by
Rev. Allen Griffiths. His discourse was
a treatment of the subject of the bear
ing a man's own acts and Inclinations
had on the future happiness of the Indi
vidual. The speaker said that not only
was the power to do right given to every
human being, but his ability to fulfill
that obligation rested entirely with him
self. The man who had the strength,
energy and manhood to pursue the proper
course w-as sure of success, while the
sluggard would fall as far behind his
realization of the good things spiritual
as the^ earthly sluggard would miss the
enjoyment of all that was best in this
world. The address was excellent and
well delivered. At Us conclusion the
usual discussion and questions and an
swers were entered into by those of the
audience who were so inclined.
Hall of the Native Sons' building on the
night of Tuesday, the 16th inst. An in
vitation has been extended to the many
friends of the parlor and the new officers,
members and guests will have a pleasant
evening's entertainment after the cere
monials.
O'Rourke's Colored
. Wonder Has a
Desperate Bat
tle on Hand.
a year ago. His tactics are distinctive.
Body blows are his favorite method of
attack. He Is tireless, swift as a tiger
and crafty. He will take a blow if he
sees an opportunity to land one in re
turn. He prefers to deliver a volley of
short-arm blows over the heart In a mix
up rather than resort to wild swings to
the head.
He has won the majority of his fights
In two rounds or under, and this when he
has met opponents eligible for the cham
pionship class. His wonderful showing in
this respect has made him a strong
favorite in the betting. He opened at 2 to
1, but this was too tempting an offer" to
be resisted by Dixon's friends and the
colored boy has gradually advanced in
favor until 10 to 7 and 10 to 8 Is nearer his
true price now. Owing to McGovern's
well-known ability as a hard hitter a lot
of money is being wagered on the length
of the fight. McGovern's adherents are
apparently willing to wager any amount
of money the bout will not last four
rounds. This is remarkable, as Dlxon is
-Mrs. Waltham. 86; Mrs. G. Mannel. 103; F.
Hassmann. IC2.
Re-tntry matches, all comers, rifle me'lal. 200
yards— A. H. Tape. 54, sf>; Captain Fred Kuhnl*.
«1. "I: F. C). Young. W. 6."; A. B. Darren. SS;
G. Mannel. So; O. Iloadley, 103. Rifle rec^rris—
Captain F. KuhnK -53 ««, 70, 70; F. S. Wash
burn. <tf; G. lloadK-y. 90.
All comers' ri-"tol medal. 50 yards— V. O.
Tnung, <0, It
Twist revolver medal, r.O yards— O. Backer.
O^«L <J9; F. O. Younsr. 73.
\our.g all comers' anl Darrell, members 23
and I.", caliber rifle medal, tn yards— Dr. J. F.
Twist, 23. 4i; Mrs. C. F. Waltham. 31; Dr. H.
C Trask. 51.
Fifty - yard record scores: Revolver —P.
I>cker. S7. 31; \V. p. Scott 99; M. J. White
104. Pistol— Sirs. Waltham. SI: P. Becker. S.).
C.H; G. Hondler. 71. SS; Mrs. White. 74. 63; A.
B. I>arrell. f,6. F. Ha^mann. S6; J. P. C<-.*
erav». „«; G. SI. Rarley. 5?. Small rifle— Dr. H.
G. Trask. 42; Mr*. C. F. Wultham. 23; Mr*.
Manr-el Ci; F. Ha.<«?mann 17. 34.
AT SCHUETZEN PARK
Bad weather Limits Attendance to
One Club.
The clouds which all day hung low and
threatening affected the attendance at the
opening shoot of the year at Schuetzen
Park yesterday. No notable scores wcrs
made.
The Verein Eintracht was the only club
contesting. The scores were as follows:
Captain V, A. Kuhls C 32. and C. Sat-hresdt
3-tt. First champion class: F. E. Jlawn
£.7—2ls. A. Strucker 22T.-215. Second cham
pion class: D. B. Faktor 00-20S, J. L. I't
schlg 2uo. ARahwylcr 2U2-IS3. Philo Jacob/
176-171. J. Carroll 2Q9-2U7. First class: H.
E. Eckmann -"04-194. H. Schroeder IS7-170,
C. N. Henderson 2ut>-212. J. Belknap 214-102.
The medal shoot of the Verein Eintracht
shooting section resulted as follow*:
Champion class: F. A. Kuhls 332. R.
Schweizer 311. Third cla.-«s. not won. Flr»t
best shot, medal class, Charles yon Hart
wig 22; last best shot, medal class. Charles
yon Hartwig 22.
The New England Education League Is
JabcTlnfij9j>_cheaß Jjoqk p£gt, _,__„,>
Army and Navy Union.
Invitations are out for the Installation
of the officers of the Colonel Oscar F.
Long Garrison No. 101 of the regular
Arpiy. and Navy. Union at AJcazac build
, _ — . — - ._... . — ? „ •. ..-. ¦ .. . .t —.-I.
can keep supplied without depriving Its
city subscribers.
tion In library work In California, and the
opportunity of the small towns of the
State in having access to the large sub
scription libraries, of the city Is of the
higneFt educational value to the country
people, whose facilities of securing good
tooks are always more or less limited.
The Mercantile Library proposes to
fcun4 several of these branches, which it
Ing to-morrow evening. After the cere
monies of installation are over the floors
will be cleared for dancing. Commander
J. F. Fitzgerald and Acting Adjutant
James H. Rlley pledge themselves to
afford a good time to all who may at
tend.
Robbed in the Street.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7.— Chief of Police
Ilodgkins and the detectives have been
working all day on a holdup reported by
G. W. PrescotU Prescott, who Is about
39 years old, resides with his father at 4«S
Moss avf-nue. lie asserts that shortly
before 11 o'clock last night, after he had
allghir-d from a Telegraph-avenue car
and while he was walking toward his
home, a shadow suddenly fell across his
nath. The. next Instant he received a
blow on his mouth that felled him to the
FidVwalk. When he regained conscious
ness he found that he had been relieved
of 53 and Fome Fmall change. As a result
of to-day" « investigations Chief Hodgkln*
ha* learrst-d the name of a man who pre
ceded l'rescou on foot on Moss avenue
the G. W. prefixes,- are as numerous as
the sands by the sea, but It develops now
that this particular G. W. Smith Is no
other than the Rev. Guy W. Smith, pas
tor of the First Christian Church, and
the grounds are In reality different from
those recorded.
One of the sensational features of the
case Is that of a discovery made by the
couple that they were cousins in some
degree. It Is said that the discovery so
preyed upon the consciences of them both
that the wife deserted her ministerial
husband, and the hnsband also left the
once happy scenes where five years ago
he had led to the altar Laura May
Drummond. one of the most popular
belles in Nebraska society. Every effort
has been put forth to keep the sensation
al discovery of the unfortunate relation
ship a tight secret, not only for its un
pleasant and Inevitable pain-provoking
details, but owing, as well, to the prom
inence of the parties and their relatives.
Mr. Smith's father was Attorney General
in Nebraska at one time, and at another
time counselor for the Chicago, Burling
ton and Qulncy Railroad.
The secret, however, was divulged by
Smith himself some time ago, when In
all Christian faith and candor as a man
and minister -he called together the trus
tees of his church and poured out his
heart to them. He deemed It unchristian
to further withhold the secret, and not
lust to allow the matrimonial bond to
hold together two souls that could never
again dwell In peaceful union.
The young minister at this meeting ap
prised his church trustees of his Inten
tion to commence 'divorce proceedings.
At the same time he presented his resig
nation. This was taken under considera
tion. Then two members received let
ters from the minister's wife, wherein
she declares that "I hold no feeling of
reproach against him. He is blameless,
and his life has been good and pure. My
only prayer Is that God may most abun
dantly blees his labors."
The church trustees finally declined to
accept the resignation, and regarded It
to the best interests of all concerned
that the divorce suit be brought and the
unhappy matrimonial relationship be
tween the minister and his wife bo termi
nated as soon as possible.
When questioned at his home on Syca
more street this evening regarding the
divorce suit. Mr. Smith expressed great
surprise that the secret was out. Being
pressed, he admitted he was the plaintiff
in the divorce suit, but as to the grounds
he begged to be excused from any dis
cussion of the affair. When asked point
blank as to the truth of the discovery
of the cousin relationship, he offered no
denial. "You will pardon me If I do not
care to discuss the matter." he said. "I
will only say that It was all revealed
after our marriage. Some time after we
were united conditions were brought to
light that rendered It an unfortunate ne
cessity that this action should be
brought."
Cralgle Sharp, one of the church trus
tees, was also seen. "We have had a lot
of bad luck," he said. "Now there was
that Davis affair. Well, we couldn't
help that, and we abhor sensation. We
have been trying to get a new start. It
Is true, though, that the oftlclal board
held a meeting to hear our pastor, and
he has told us all. He tendered his resig
nation, but we refused to accept it. "We
know that he is Justified In his course,
and we have tried to keep the affair quiet
and do not wish to discuss It."
Although the complaint In the divorce
suit was tiled on November 25, 1899. no an
swer has as yet been filed, and It Is likely
that the defendant's default will be en
tered In a few days and the case sub
mitted to the court commissioner for the
purpose of taking, testimony.
Sympathizes With Roberts.
OAKLAND, Jan. 7.— ln his sermon to
day Rev. Mr. Smith declared that Con
gressman-elect Roberts of Utah was mor
ally far superior to many of the members
of the national legislature who are en
deavoring to oust him from that body.
There was a large congregation present
and the utterances in defense of the Mor
mon representative created somewhat of
a sensation. He said:
In the main I think the fight against Robert*
Is right, yet the basis of It Is all wrong. He
1b living a domestic life which the people hava
declared to be Illegal, yet he is doing It openly,
and so far »s morality Is concerned he Is
doing right. Many of his Congressional col
leagues are doing the same thing, practically,
only they have mistresses where he has wives.
They know that their mode of living Is wrong
and ore acting against the dictate* of thetr
consciences.
Roberts, on the contrary, Is acting according
to his conscience and his belief. He la doing
openly what they do under cover. So far as
the life of the man Is concerned from a moral
standpoint he Is far superior to the men who
do such things covertly.
Congress has a right to refuse him a seat,
but in doing so the members are straining at
a gnat and swallowing a camel. I am not
defending Roberts, but want to point out the
condition of morals among the people gen
erally. If they should expel all the Congress
men sruilty of the same thing there would
probably be a great many vacant seats In the
legislative hall of the nation.
Rev. Guv W. Smith, Pastor of the Christian Church
of Oakland, Seeking a Divorce Because He Dis
covered His Wife Was a Blood Relative.
HE FOUND TOO LATE HE
HAD MARRIED HIS COUSIN
ATTRACTIONS AT
THE THEATERS
Mme. Emma Nevada will be heard In
concert at the California Theater to-night
and again on Wednesday afternoon. Her
reappearance here after an absence of fif
teen years should be an event of import
ance, both musically and socially. The
programme for to-night Is as follows:
1. (a) Nocturne? Choplu
(b> Scherzo J
Selden Pratt.
*. Bell Bong. "Lakme" Dellbes
Mme. Nevada.
8. Hungarian Caprice Ounkler
Louis Blumenberg.
4. (a) Etude Heneelt
(b) "Wldmung" Schumann-Liszt
Selden Pratt.
5. (a) Travouachka Tschalkowsky
(b) La Fee aux Chansons Bamberg
Mme. Nevada.
6. (a) "L* Cygne" Salnt-Saens
(b) Spinning Wheel Popper
i Louis Blumenberg.
7. Waltx ..' Gull!
Belden Pratt.
8. Shadow Dance from "Dinorah"... Meyerbeer
Mme. Nevada.
The successful presentation of "The
Christian" will oe continued for one week
at the Columbia, after which the James-
Kldder-Hanford combination will open in
a revival of "The Winter's Tale. The
eale of peats will open at the box office
Thursday morning.
To-morrow night the Frawley Company
will present Pinero's drama, "The Prin
c<:-f;« and the Butterfly," at the California.
The play is said to possess a high order
of morit. and its presentation will be
made notable by the professional debut of
Miss Mary Scott. The next attraction will
I be "The Countess Guckl."
The Alcazar presents to-night a com
edy with an Eastern record of success,
"The Mysterious Mr. Bugle," with Irene
Everett in the cast.
j "Slnbad" has been a Buccess at the
I Grand and will be continued. There are
many effective scenes and songs In the
production.
"Little Bo Peep" Is still running at the
TlvoH end is to be continued Indefinitely.
The comic opera, "Th<s Idol's Bye," will
b<* produced at a later date.
Thf new attractions at the Orpheum for
the week are the Ellnore Sisters Charles
A. Gardner, John and Nellie Macarthey
and Krank Latona,
At the Alhambra the Rentz-Santley
Company are giving a mixed bill of com
edy.
| The sale of seats for the Holmes sym
phonies will continue until Thursday
evening at 5 o'clock. Single seats will be
on sale at Sherman & Clay's on Monday
next and thereafter.
Major Mite 13 still the biggest and
smallest attraction at the Chutes.
terfere with the neutrality laws of the United
Btates. We are Impressed with ths splendid
precedent shown by the republic in going: to
war with Spain to> free Cuba from the oppres
sion of that country. We believe that Ameri
can sympathy is with the Boers, and that we
are actlnc In accordance with the principle*
which urged ths United States to carry the flas
in a struggle for the liberation of the gallant
Cubans. Our people would flock to the arms
of America if the Government marched to the
assistance of the South Africans.
It Is necessary for the Hibernians to pro
i claim their loyalty to th» United States, but It
becomes them to star* that no act of thetrs
will be contrary to th« laws. Knowing; the
character of the British Government. Ha cru
elty. Us ambition, we are desirous to assist
the citizens of a sister republic In their strug
gle to defeat English aggression. What kind
of aid will be given we cannot Mats at the
present time, but certainly It will ba of a prac
ticable nature and acceptable to th» Boer Gov
ernment. Were this nation the antagonist of
England we could from our ranks send fifteen
to twenty regiments of the best fighting ma
terial the worlJ ever saw. In fact. In any
just cause In which the United States may
see fit to draw th.t sword ths society would re
spond as It did In former wars. The Irish regi
ments of Illinois. Michigan. Massachusetts and
New York were largely recruited from our ranks,
and In some of the regiments of United States
regulars recently sent to the front are dlvl
, sions of the Ancient Order of Hibernians, duly
affiliated with the parent order In this coun
j try. The order at large Is hopeful that the
Government will yet rise to the wishes and
hopes of the Irish-Americans and extend to
: the brave Boers the sympathy Prance gave to
this country In 1778.
JOHN T. KEATTXO.
National President. Illinola.
JAMES E. DOLAN,
National Vice President. New Tork.
P. T. MORGAN.
National Treasurer. Washington.
JAMES A. BULJJVAN.
National Secretary. Philadelphia.
National Directors:
J. P. O'CONNOR. Georgia.
P. K. O'NEILL. Philadelphia.
E. J. SLATTERT. Massachusetts.
REV. M. J. BYRNE. Indiana.
ALBANY, N. T.. Jan. 7.— The Ancient
Order of Hibernians of Albany County, in
convention here to-day, adopted resolu
tions offering their heartiest congratula
tions to the Boer 3 for the "gallant fight
which they are making for the protec
tion of their lives and liberty." and prom
ising aid in case their national officers
should s«*e fit to order a call to strike
a blow at England.
¦ ¦
NAUGHT TO BREAK
THE DEEP GLOOM
OF DISASTER
British Public Face to Face
With a Crisis in the South
African War.
LONDON. Jan. T.— The British publlo
Is at last face to face with a. critical
moment in the campaign. It may safely
be said that at no previous time has
there been such anxious hours of sus
pense as will be passed through until the
arrival of further news regarding the
fate of Ladysmith. The week opens with
only fresh additions to the disasters that
have befallen British arms, and there is no
longer any sustaining confidence to buoy
up public opinion. The editorials this
morning fully reflect the extreme gravity
of the situation, with a painful under
current of ominous forebodings, mainly
caused by the fact that, while the Boers
have now changed their tactics and as
sumed the offensive. General Buller Is ap
parently unable to do more to assist Gen
eral White than make a demonstration.
The Morning Post says:
"He might as well have ordered a dis
play of fireworks."
As the heliograph ceased working yes
terday (Sunday) It Is presumed that Gen
eral White's last message was sent by a
pigeon or runner. Its purport Is serious
enough. The Times publishes a dispatch
from Ladysmith, dated January 1, record-
Ing two nights' movements on the part
of the Boers to assault the town. These
had to be abandoned when the British de
fenses were reached, but the correspond-
ent says It was aparent that the great at
tack would not be long delayed, ile
adds:
"Loyally supported by the civilians the
garrison can hold out for a considerable
period. We are not reduced to half ra
tions. The greatest difficulty Is hospital
accommodation for the wounded and
elck."
The War Office has already decided
upon Immediate steps for sending an
Eighth Infantry division to South Africa.
Some of the regiments for this division
will be taken from Gibraltar and Malta,
They will be replaced by militia.
It Is asserted that the customs authori
ties on the River Thames have detained
two outgoing steamers and seized two
large guns and six Maxims packed In
piano cases, intended for the Transvaal.
It Is also said that a quantity of food
stuffs on another vessel has been seized.
•
HIBERNIANS HOPE UNCLE
SAM WILL AID BOERS
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.— The national
officers of the Ancient Order of Hiberni
ans met In this city to-day and issued the
following statement to the public:
The national officials met In Washington to
dlscura a demand on the present majority of
the representatives of our 130.000 members that
the order render some assistance to the Boer*
In the Transvaal. It was agreed to render any
assistance compatible with our loyalty as
jA««^. c SLiPi t^2fi*K.*aA -Jftlph fr ouU not
A Gold Leaf for Dr. Titus.
Dr. Frank H. Titus, formerly Superin
tendent of the City and County Hospital.
j has been honored by President McKinley.
who has sent his name to the Senate for
promotion to the rank of major of volun
teers in the medical department of the
United States army. Dr. Titus was among
the first of the San Fraucl3co medical
men who volunteered for service In the
army at the time that war was declared
against Spain. His application was for
warded to Washington, where Surgeon
General Sternberg placed It on tile.
As soon as the army was sent to Ma
nila Dr. Titus was appointed on one of
the first vessels that left this port with
the volunteers. His services In Cavlta
were of such a character as to call for
extra recommendation from the authori
ties In the Philippines. The President
recognized these services and as soon as
the Senate met he placed Dr. Titus' name
among the the first batch of appointments
for a major's commission. The fortunate
I recipient of these honors is in this city at
' the present time, under orders to sail on
the transport Tartar in the course of a
few days. Previous to Dr. Titus' manage
ment of the County Hospital he was resi
dent physician of St. Luke's Hospital,
.where he made a creditable record for
himself. Mrs. Tlttta Is at present In tn«
only a few moments, but the police have
been unable to locate this man.
Church' members constitute two-thirds
of the Yale freshmen.
DROPPED DEAD
WHILE PICKING
UP THE PAPERS
Sudden Demise of
Adolph Bluth.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Jan. 7.
A<i<-,!ph ninth, a bartender for Theodore
der, dead this morning and the
occurrence revealed the fact that the di«
| eaaer of liquors was a lieutenant in the i
German army. The funeral will be held
•Jndpr the auspices of the D^utscher Krei
fr Ver*>Jn, a German organization similar
to the Grand Army in this" country.
Bluth appeared at the store of his em
ployer, Sl5 Washington Ftr^t. at 7:15
o'clock this morning, acompanied by John
Huthf-r, the foreman of Gier'B ranch at
Livermore. After unlocking the door he
Hooped over to pick up the morning pa
;> p rs, when he fell forward.
"I've got a terrible pain In my h^nd and
i m dying-." he remarked to Ruther, as
Ruth^r picked the stricken man up and
placed him on a chair.
Biuth then lapsed Into uncon*ciou?n*>ss
2nd died before medical aid could be
«-alk-d. The body was taken to the
Morgue, wlcre an lnque?t will be held to
morrow night. Bluth was about 25 years
of ape and was single, ile has lived In
Oakland and San Francisco for the past
f^ovn jreara, with the exception of two
years, vrfaea he went back to Germany
to complete his military service.
"Bluth never became a citizen of this
country," paid Martin Peu-rs of the Oak
land Journal. "He was a member of the
German army up to nix months ago. and
hrld the rank of lieutenant. He was in
the reserves nnd was here on furlough un
til his term of enlistment expired, when
he was honorably discharged. His family
is a prominent one In the old country.
One of his brothers is chief of construc
tion of public buildings in Berlin. Another
brother Is a German colonel, while a third
Is a major of cavalry in the German
army."
The cause of death is supposed to have
been the rupture of a blood vessel. Bluth
had suffered from heart failure for some
time and this '- thought to be the pri
mary cause. The deceased was well known
'. mong the German population and leaves
many friends.
Native Daughters' Officers.
There will bo a public installation of
the officers of Orlnda Parlor No. 66 of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West in
the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building on the night of Thursday, the
11th Inst. Mrs. Minnie Dobbins of Sans
Souci Parlor, district deputy grand presi
dent, will be the Installing ottlcer.
The officers of Calaveras Parlor of tht
same order will also be publicly Installed.
The event will take place in the Shasta
Tin Plate Mill Shuts Down.
HARTFORD CITY. Ind., Jan. 7.— The
Montpeller Tin-plate Mill, employing 200
men, closed yesterday, and it is believed
that it will not resume. It Is said that
the tin-plate trust Intends to move tha
machinery to either Elwood or Anderson
and consolidate with others owned by
the company at these places. Th«* city of
Montpelier gave a bonus of $23,000 for
this plant, and injunction proceedings
are contemplated.
Steamer Adato on Fire.
LONDON, Jan. 7.— The British steamer
Adato, Captain Mclntyre, from Sabine
Pans via Norfolk, for Rotterdam, put in
at Portland to-day with her cargo of. cot
ton aflre. With a view of preventing fur
ther damage in the second hold, Lloyd's
agent has gone aboard, assisted by twen
ty-five hands with two salvage pumps.
Rev. Mr. Williams Passes Away.
CHICAGO. Jan. 7.— The Rev. John Mil
ton Williams, D. D. t one of the early pas
tors of the First Congregational Church
of Chicago, and for many years a writer
of theological works, died In this city
to-day. He was born in New Ipswich, N.
H.. in 1817.
Social Democratic Meeting.
The subject of debate last night at the
meeting of the Social Democrats In their
hall on Turk street was of seml-polltlcal
character. The speaker of the evening.
Rev. Jay W. Hudson, was unable to ap
pear, and his place was taken by Mr.
Oridge,. who delivered the discourse of
the evening, which was entitled "The
Consent of the Governed."
Following the speech of the evening the
usual musical programme and general
discussion were entered - upon.
Unlucky Letter-Carriers Banqueted
Nineteen lucky letter-carriers who were
appointed from the substitute list on
January 1 tendered a banquet last even
ing to the thirty-seven unfortunates who
will remain "subs" for a while yet. The
affair took place at the Nevada restau
rant, and was in charge of the following
committee of arrangi-menls: G. Gold
berg. C. F. Buttle and Joseph McGlll. F.
W. Fahrenholz was the toastmaster.
The programme follows:
Overture orchestra; "The Increase In the
Carrier Force," A. M. Cox; solo. R. D. Barton;
recitation L. F. Rupsell; "Subs and Their
CJrievances " F. D. Griffin: musical selection.
crc!ie*tra- "Trials of a Nleht Superintendent."
F J Hare; sf lection, orchestra; "The Three
Graces— Valley, Beach and Mission," Joseph
Rudee.
Philippines Rich in Minerals.
W. M. Thornton, ex-Mayor of Ana
conda, Mont., and brother of Attorney
Crittenden Thornton of this city, is a
guest at the Palace, where ho arrived a
short time ago from the Orient. Mr.
Thornton denies the report that he went
out to the Philippines in the interest of
a large Eastern syndicate whose object
was to secure control of some of the rich
mining properties of Luzon. He says his
trip was one of pleasure and but little
else. Mr. Thornton does say, however,
that our new possessions are teeming
with all sorts of mineral deposits, which
will prove of immense value as soon as
the political coi.dition of the islands be
comes settled enough to permit of their
being worked. At present the Insurrec
tion in progress there precludes any one
venturing into the interior, let alone at
tempting to develop any mining or other
business Industry. \
SUNDAY AT THE PARK.
Musical Programme Was Dispensed
With— At the Chutes and Baths.
There was no music at the park yester
day, and in consequence the crowd was
small. No accidents occurred during the
day to disturb the police and a general
spirit of quiet prevailed. Emll Marke
berg made a balloon ascension at the
Chutes late in the afternoon, the event be
ing witnessed by several thousand peo
ple The ascension, coupled with the
inanv other attractions, brought a big
crowd to the popular place of amusement
and the day was passed without special
incident. Following are tho results of the
aquatic contests at Sutro'3 Baths:
ro-yard dash-N. Ralston, nrst; O. Charles,
100-yard race— J. Thomas, first; H. Brrne.
S< Tub race 100 yard*— J. O'Brien, first; L.
SundtXTK. second; F. Green, third.
High dive for boys— T. Harmon, first; F. Jo-
H. Freeman, flr»t; U Daudaln.
""underwater ewlmmlngr— J. H. Jackson, first;
C. Harmon, second.
LIPTON'S CHALLENGE.
Sir Thomas to Investigate Various
Models Before Proceeding.
LONDON. Jan. 7.— Sir Thomas Liplon.
it is understood, will defer action regard
ing another challenger for the America's
cup until the Distant Shore and another
yacht now In ' course of construction,
according to designs by Watson, have
been completed for C. D. Rhodes.
Experts say that the Distant Shore will
be an improvement upon the Britannia
and the Meteor, and that the designs are
much like those of the Herreshoff mas
terpieces. It is noted as curious that
Messrs. Herreshoff and Watson should
not have known they have been working
on similar lines.
The Distant Shore's water line will be
two feet shorter than the Britannia's, but
her sail area will be larger.
GEORGE DIXOX. the hero of more
notable ring battles than any
other boxer the world has known,
will meet Terry McGovern to
morrow night in New York. It Is
the meeting of a seasoned veteran and a
youngster who has had a meteoric career.
Dlxon is conceded to be the greatest
boxer of his inches that ever lived, while
McGovern has astonished followers of
the game by the expeditious manner in
which he has defeated a formidable list
of men since his first appearance hardly
noted as a defensive fighter, and, having
made a study of McGovern's ring tactics,
should not succumb so soon If at aJI. In
all his years In the ring he was nearly
knocked out but once. In this the "Ken
tucky Rosebud" landed a chance blow,
and dilnculty was experienced In bring
ing Dixon around in time. In his time ha
has fought men of all weights and styles
and has made a brilliant showing. He
announces this as his last ring engage
ment, win or lose. If defeat be his por
tion he will have a host of sympathizers
wherever the English language la spoken.
DIXON TO MEET THE NEW WONDER,
TERRY McGOVERN, FOR CHAMPIONSHIP
O O 00 0000000000000
© Dixon to Meet McCovern. o
I Monday's Race Entries. ©
00000000000000000
SPORTING EVENTS OF THE DAY
GOOD PISTOL
SHOOTING AT
SHELL MOUND
German Rifle Clubs and Naval
Militiamen Puncture the
Targets.
H. Harris, who will represent the
Naval Militia, National Guard of Califor
nia, at the champion shoot at Sacramento
next March, distinguished himself yester
day in revolver practice at Shell Mound
Park, making 4C7 points out of a possible
500. The regular navy revolver was used
on a Blunts target, the distance being
fifty, yards. Ten-score shots of ten each
were shot off in making the total.
Two German shooting organizations, the
Schuetzen Section of the Deutscher Kne
ger Vereln and the Independent RlfU-s,
were also in evidence at the butts, as well
as the first and second divisions of the
Naval Militia, National Guard of Califor
nia, The following were the complete
scores:
Independent Itlfles, monthly medal contest—
J. H. Kuhlke. 42; Sergeant G. Mitchell. 41; E.
E. Welgel, 36; F. J. Skowian. 25; Sergeant C.
Andrew*. 42; C. P. Schoing, 40; 11. Oaetjen.
87; D. SteSens, 14; J. Helmbockel. 1J; Ser
geant 11. Schleicbtmenn. 39; C. O. Wortinß
ton. 35; C. Iverson. 34: C ileierdierks. 10; Dr.
W. A. Melerdlerks. 32; A. Wolfgram, 10; W.
Llndecker. 3S; Captain L. Schneider. 34.
Schuetzen Section Deutscher Kri^g^r Verein,
monthly medal contest— First champion class,
C. W. Weggenmann. 391; second champion
class. G. Hetzel, 415; first clas*. O. Dummer.
349; second class, H. Sllberzahn, 316; thin!
¦ ¦lavs, L. Laubscher. 307; best first 6hot C.
Meyer. 24; best last shot. G. Uetzel, 23; most
bullseyes. H. Silberzahn.
Schuetzen Section Deutscher Krieger Vereln.
monthly bullseye contest— First prize G. Het
zel; second, C. Weggenmann; third, J. Bender;
fourth, C. Meyer.
Naval Militia, National Guard of California,
monthly target practice for medals: First di
vision—W. Llndecker, 41; A. Quinlin 35- B
Kaufner, 36; F. Bode. 31; F. Severance 27- J
Back, S3; E. Nickel. 30; O. Smith. 34; F. Far
ren. 30; J. Beattie. 3S; Ensign F. Murphy 33-
H. Harris. 33; F. Bush. 24: H. Sandy, 31; J.
Markley, 30. Second division— F. Sutton. 37;
F. Hilton, 34; J. Mohlsteded, 24; Bugler Mc-
Kee, 32; L. Vanner. SO; M. McCab*. 27,; J.
Paulson, 24; H. Hleney, 22; J. Hammond 36-
J. Garrett, 36.
The following were the scores in detail
made with a revolver by H. Harris:
Totals.
43454544R 4 43
5 6 5 4 4 4 5 4 4-4 44
544665544 4 " 45
554566444 6 ;.. 45
564656455 6 \ 43
455555554 6 4^
556456556 6 '45
456445456 5 , 46
455566656 6 "'" 49
566645655 5 '" 49
COLUMBIA MARKSMEN.
Weather Conditions Caused
Poor Shooting at Harbor
View Range.
The heavy downpour of rain early yes
terday morning caused a number of mem
bers of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
to believe that there would be little shoot
tngf on the opening of the programme of
the season at the Harbor View range. Aa
the sun came out so did the members, and
by evening the majority had put in their
appearance with the firearms of their
choice. No very brilliant shooting was
done on account of unfavorable conditions.
The. light was varying to an annoying de
gree and the range itself was literally
afloat. The markers' pits on the 200-yard
rifle range were filled with wa.ter. makin-
It necessary to build platforms for the
markers.
Onaccount of the difficulties In marking
the rifle class medal contests were post
poned to the next regular shoot Slors
revolvers were out than have been seen
on the range for years, on account of a
number of valuable prizes having been
offered on this class of matches. The
scores of the day. Columbia target ten
shot strings, were as follows: *
Class medals, pistols. 50 yards. exDert»—J P
Cosgrave. 84; M. J. White. 66; O If Barley
57; C. M Dalss. 62; A. B. DarreH. «2; p %'
Youngr. 84. Sharpshooters— Mrs. M. J White
67; O. Hoadley. 72; Paul Beck.r. 74; T 3
Wanhburn. 84: Dr. J. F. Twist. 8i Marksmen
THE SAX FHAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900.
ccccocoooooocoo
: Shooting at Shell Mound. «
Lopez's Kennels Win. <
BEACON IS
BEATEN BY
WHITEHEAD
Lopez's Kennel Representative
Too Fast for the San Jose
Greyhound.
c. oe v. j,opez s great young grey
::. 1 '.Vhitehead won the stake at Unlpn
OUTERS Park yesterday in a sensational
In the final he met the stake
favorite. Deacon, and defeated him by a
re t ±'.x to three. Beacon was played
Lhe heavy bettors as though it wa» all
tmt the shouting. The dogs were
; < i to & flying hare which took them
11 ..i-ross the :;eld before he turned. The
an as though coupled together, but
head secured the turn by half v
gth. There waß a Quick exchange in
>:r.g the hare and then Whitehead
ti. He showed great gameness in ad
:,. a to speed, and seldom left the re-
It i:i doubt In any of his courses. He
beat Vulcan, Hawker. Wildwood, Rolllck
g Airs and finally the great San Jose
, g, Beacon.
Next to the final the most Important
;rse of the day was the one between
acoa and Royal Flush in the second
r . :ia. ISeacon led to the hare, but the
I . k d<g aid some clever work. Just
re the kill the score was five to five.
; aeon killed and won. The most de
. : d upset cf th«» day was the defeat of
lie M by Bill Foster. The former was
. •-¦rite at odds of six to one. A severo
. .rte in the previous round left her weak
1 her young opponent won out. In the
\t round. Bill Foster was running
s-Tongly with lowa Boy, when he sprained
¦ t-Jio"ulder and was beaten pointless.
:"lie conditions were all favorable for
ureir.g. and the sport wa*< of ihe high
.rt order. The does were all hlßh-class
.. d ran weli up to form, favorites being
. most uniformly successful. The cWai!e<l
• *ults, with the official scores, folio*:
' ML Kellors'e lowa Ma.d beat Hall &
vowell's Nonpareil. 6—o; J. Chain's Lucky Dcg
beat Cur-.:s A Vanity Fair. IS— 10; R. E.
B Lojw>z'« WiJi'la beat Knr'n & Ly
f May vjueen, 4—2; K. E. <le B. Lo
• z s PcjdtA tx-at F. A. MeCoir.b's Motto.
; R. E. de B. Lopfz^s Para beat F.
HcComb'a tV.f t=r>ot. fr— o; R. F-. de B. Lo
¦ z t CmniWßelta beat Maher & Reid's L'nole
;'-;>r. B—2; Georpe Sharraan's Miss Skyrocket
'. at J. Ker.ne.'y'e Ever Sure. 4—o; R. E. d» B.
Lopes'l Whuehead l>eat Curtl» & Son's Vul
iu . I*— 1; J. P. Thrifts Forgive b*>at J. Mc-
Knro*'« Ni r west. 6—o;6 — 0; T. J. Cron'.n's Thorn
• ;;; beat J. P. Thrift's St. Michael. C— l; Cur-
Ua i Bob's Flying Fox beat T. J. Cronlne
Depend On Me. ~—C; Kay & Tram's Hawker
if^t <:urt:!> & P-~n's Commodore, 6—2; Pasha
ICenaeV Rollicking Airs beat Jeff Martenet's
: —...J. >~t:\ct. f—o; Maher & Reid's Bad Boy
': •at Pa»ha Kennels' Pvlvia, «— l; I^nde ie
¦rrr-er'e Kler.il a bine, Vcrgiet withdrawn; J.
Murr.anes Wildwood beat Pasha Kennels'
Jie«t A5!-uerd. J—o;J — 0; Curtis & Son's Beacon
•'.•. • Oj» Aberernmble'e Mies liabbit. 10—4;
r. A. Mr-Comb's Royal Flush beat Curtis &
t-r.s Cavalier. 3-2; D. CheMa's Golden Rus
? •!. be:, i J. Byrne's Eleven Spot, f— S; Pterl
<•. K-. w>s # fleety Mist beat H. Lynch* Mys
tic M.il'.. 4—3; H. Lynch'e Lottie M. beat P.
.' ReiUjr* Wansh:p. 13—1; JefT Martenet's Bill
F rter beat E. Baumlieter's Winninc Ways.
« Z. W. Creamer's Jesse Moore beat J. Hur
;-¦ s Bqrtock boy. 14— 10; E. M. Kelloerg's lowa
E v be*t F. Mark's Delia M. 7—5.
Second round— Lucky Dog beat lowa Maid.
E :; WaaCa beat Miss Skyrocket, S— €; Pepita.
lrf-it Forgive, 6— J; Carraeaclta beat Fiyttig
r.x. e— o; Whitehead beat Hawker. 12 -<•;
Ttombfll beat ?a.ra. 9— T; Rollicking Airs beat
I'tA Boy. 4— fl; Wlldwo-'-d beat liieczl 6 0
2--eax»n beat RoyaJ Flush. 7—5; Slefty Mist
I <-at Golden Russet. 13— J»; Bill Foster beat
little M. 11—7; lowa Boy beat Jesse Moore.
Third round— 'Wanda beat Lucky E>or 4—3*
Pepttm beat TbornbllL S— 7; Rollicking Airs
beat Carmenclta. 5—3; Whitehead beat Wlld
wood 6—2; I>acon beat Sleety Mist, S— 4; lowa
Boy beat Bill Foster. "2—o.
Fourth round— Rollicking Airs beet 'Wanda,
5— 9; Rearm br-at P«?p!ta. 7—o; Whitehead a
tar*: lowa Brty wtthrtrawn.
Fifth nwina— wr.!tehead'b«"at Kol!lckln« Airs
4— o: Beacon a bye.
Final— Whitehead beat Eeacon. ?— «.
Ingieside Coursing.
Oonnemara -won the final In the open
Ftake at Ir.^leside Coursing Park yeeter
day in a wpll-contesied course with Lady
Emma an runner-up. Favorites ran to
form, winning nearly all of the courses.
Th» day> result? follow:
First fmr.d— Rus«e:i. Allen & Wilson* laij
Rn-.ma t-ezt J. I. O' Drier.' t Ptitesman. 6—2-
W. C. Giasson's fl-igh Bells be»t Bartel Bnv
«h"-s Ball Room Belle. 9—3; P. McCabe's
Honey Boy beat ConnMl Brothers' Mamie
l leasant. 7—3; Lo W & Thompsons Princ-e Hal
r^n 1 Segeerpon's Gold Hill. 5—2; 3. I.
«> Hnen's Wandering Tom rw»at Connell Bro
thers' Dimmer*. 7-3; F. Moran"« Bit of Fash
ion beat Connell Brothers' Good By. 4—2; I>.
J_. Healey's I^ady Claire beat Connell Brothers'
Clover. s—(i; M. Micha'.iki's Glenr.^y beat A.
}, an den Burgh's Copperhead. 6—o; F. Moran's
liaise Flatterer beat H. A. Deckolman'f Glen
&— «; v. Lynch*! Kexington beat Jumff
Dlckson'n Black Be.«s. 4—l: J. Scßßerson'R Can
delaria beat J. Edmond's Morning Glory. 4—2;
H. K. Anderson's Crawford Braes* beat H. A.
IV^kelman's Rocker. 4—o; M. Nealon'n Athene
beat K. M. Kellcgir'F Hummer, 4—o; Russell.
Allen & Wilson's Master Claire beat J. Dean's
Mlalmo. 6—2; James Dean's Connf>mara beat
H. A. DPckelman's Old Glory, fr— o; T. Lean's
Miss Grizzle beat M. Mlchaliki's Joker. 14—8;
Russell, Allpn * WUson's Mies Penman beat
I>arkey ts Rocks Minerva. 6—2; J. Holden's
Scottish Chief beat T. Kevin's Nellie N.. B—3;
I»ive & Thompson's Patrla beat Russell, Al
len & Wilsons Charminsr Bolie, fl — 2; Murphy
& Toland's Pleasant Girl beat H. A. IWkW
man'f I^aw-enre, 2—o.2 — 0.
Second round— La 1y Emma beat Slel?;h Bells
13— «; Honey Boy rwat Prince Hal. T— 4; Wan
•lerini? Tom be«t Bit of Fashion. S— 2; I^ady
• 'laire beat Glenroy. B— r,; False Flatterer beat
Lexington. -,—Z; Crawford Braea boat Cande
larla. 12—3; Master Claire beat Athene. 9—2-
Connemara beat Miss Grizzle. 8-6; Miss Pen
man beat Scottish Chief 12—3; Patrla beat
Pleasant Girl. s—o.
Third round— Lady Emma beat Boney Roy
4-0; Lady Claire beat Wanderlnjj Tom. 8-3;
Crawford Braes beat False Flatterer 9— €•
Connemara beat Master Claire, S— o; Miss Pen
man teat Patrla. 4—2.
Fourth round-Lady Emma beat Lady Claire
\7. '" nn ' mar « beat Crawford Braes, 7—5;
Miss Penman a bye.
Fifth round arid final— Miss Penman with
drawn; Connemara beat Lady Emma, S— u.
For Freedom Starts Again.
The John Grace Cup stake at Union
Park next month will easily provide the
greatest coursing; ever seen on this coast.
It developed yesterday that J. 11. Ros
seter's For Freedom, which was never
beaten on this coast In twelve stakes,
would be placed In training at once. If
he trains on and regains his old-time form
he will be sent for the cup which he won
last year. In addition to Overture, the
Irish dog which defeated him In a puppy
Btaka li» England, he will also be culled
upon to meet John Charlton's Imported
dog Temple. The latter will arrive here
from the East this week. Frank Baker
al?o expects the Australian dog Sufi
Goods on the steamer which will arrive
Friday, He is credited with winning seven
stakes la the colonies. With the crack
dogs from all parts of the world in com
petition, the result will be in doubt until
the courses are run.
STOCKTON COURSING
Pp"-ial Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Jan. ".— The results of the Good
water Grove crmrslr.K tn-day were: St. Elmo
brat Robin Adair: Peaceful Glen b«>at Prince
of Fashion; Clipper beat SlaUen: Kerry Cow
beat Right Arm; Hazel I, beat Sweet Briar;
May Klrklar.d beat Valdeor; Sunbeam beat
Black Chief; Sarah Gold beat Raceaway; Kitty
Fc-.tt beat Xew Arrival.
Flirt ties— Peaceful Glen beat St. Elmo;
Kerry Guw beat Clinker; Hazel L. beat May
Klrkland; Sarah Gold beat Sunbeam; Kitty
Scott a bye.
Second ties— Kerry Gotv beat Peaceful Glen;
Hazel L beat Kitty Scctt; Sarah tiold a bye.
Final— Hazel L beat Sarah Gold.
In the puppy rtake Pansy Pasha and Black
Annie divided first money.
Handball Court Sports.
in« noveuy 01 yesterday ¦ piay at i*mi
Ryan's handball court, 85S Howard street,
was a triangular handicap set-to between
Al Hampton on the one end and E. Foy
and \V. Maguire on the other. Hampton,
who Is a good player when In proper con
dition, got the short end of the score,
however, as the other two knocked him
out on the following score: Hampton
21, 8, 19; Foy and Maguire 18, 21. 21. The
other players made the following: scores:
Terry McManus and Dan O'Brien defeated
P. Baach and M. Berwln. Score: 21—17. 9—21,
21— U.
P. gtelner and G. McDonald defeated M. llc
»11 and L. Carraine. Score: 21—10, 13—21, 21
—18.
• P. Hutch] nson and M. Dillon defeated P.
Kelly and O. Hutchinson. Score: 21— 14, 7—21
a— is.
N. J. Prendenrast and W. H. Kedlan defeat
ed E. McDonouch and E. Lynch. Score: 21— U
15—21. 21-11
O. Smith and T. Ijea«h defeated J. Condon
and E. Crawford. Score: 21—10, 14— 21. tl— lB.
P. P.jar. and R- Housman defeated W. Hu
eell and D. Rega.n. Score: 21—15. 11—21. 21—18.
L. Kenny and A. Collins defeated B. Clem
ents end H. McNevin. Score. 21—12, IS— :l
21-17.
C. I^ak'n and C Smith defeated P. Mim« and
F. Carney. Score: 21-8. 11—21, 21—16.
E. White and R. Reirll defeated A. White
man ana W. Johnson. Score: 21—16. IS — 2L
21—18.
7HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED — Common laborer, doing all-round
cleaning and porter work In bustneaa house;
wages $S to $10 per week; no board; give) ref-
erences; German-speaking preferred. Box
4214, Call office^
EXPERT ahort order cook at $12 a week;
steady position for a good, active and sober
man; place closes at 7:30 every evening and
has a night porter. Popular Restaurant, cor-,
ncr Ninth and J sts.. Sacramento.
SHOEMAKER for repairing. 12~n Kentucky
street.
GOOD —alter wanted. 134 Third st
WANTED— Good cook at th« old Washington
Hotel, 624 Fourth St., corner Bluxom*.
SOBER man with small capital to manage- sa-
loon. Call at 7» Third st.
WANTED— A cood experienced waiter at 107
Berry st.
TAILORS— Wented first-class ladies' tailor for
the country: one proficient In all details; must
be good rapid operator; permanent place for
steady, scber man; good wages. Apply to
STEIN, SIMON A CO.
WE want a few first-class house to house so-
licitors for the most liberal proposition ever
offered: both city and country. WESTERN
ADVERTISING CO.. 313 Bush st.
VESTMAKER or coatmaker can have nice shop
room with hot irons; cheap. 104 Kearny at..
tailor shop.
SMART collector and canvasser; industrial In-
surance; quick promotion. R. RALPH. 611
Montgomery st.
WANTED— A first-class cutter. 8. N. WOOD
& CO., ns Market st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing: $7 a week: iteady
place for cood man. Box 4573. Call.
$15 A WEEK— Young man as partner in estab-
lished business; duties, to collect: must have
$200. Box 26. Call office. Oakland. f
BRUSHMAKER and a boy for drawing wanted.
HANS GREEK. 1319 V. Pacific st.
WANTED— Young man who has a general
knowledge of clothing, furnishing goods.
boots and shoes, etc.; references; single man;
no others need apply. Address box 4567, Call.
WANTED— A traveling salesman for a Jobbing
house dealing in farming implements and ve-
hicles; state references and salary desired.
Address box 4372. Call office.
MEN and women to learn barber trade: day
and evening classes. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard St.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission Bt. between Ist and 2d sts.
CHINESE boy, cook and waiter, wishes situa-
tion In family. W. Y. F., 21 Hrenham place.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; constant practice; expert In-
struction; lectures and everything necessary
to teach the tonsorlal art thoroughly; special
Inducements this month; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. The only Institution
of the kind ever authorized by the State to
teach the art.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 112 First
street.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary a«amen,
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 150 breakfast.
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver -xouse. 217 Third st.; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD A CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Linden. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggflge to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market st. bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale — 45 head horses, broken, unbroken.
1 from Nevada. Ap. Bay View Stables. 10th and
' Railroad ayes.. South S. F. M. SCHU3TER.
FOR sale — Three young -working horses. 9C9
York St.. near Twenty-first.
10 GOOD, sound horses for sale. Eclipse
Stables. 1375 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Cheap, brown team. 164; 10 years
old. DAL7.IEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. Aye.
HOUSES LODGING— FOR SALE.
ONLY $200 cash, balance $25; interest 19
per cent; 20 rooms $1400
Just like home: family house: 36 rooms 2300
New, elegant furniture: •-» cash; 30 rooms.. 2000 '
Sunny corner; clears $100; 15 rooms 500 |
Good, lucky house: downtown; 23 rooms... 1100
10 others: 2 to 500 rooms; prices $200 to $10,000 |
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1500 I
Hotel and bar in city; 60 rooms 4000
Boarding-house: clears $300; 28 rooms 2500
First-class boarding-house; 26 rooms 60>>0
Just finished; Eddy, nr. Van Ness; S rrai. 550
Downtown; cheap rent; 10 rooms 430
Near City HaJl; muEt sell; 7 rooms 423
I SELL ALL KINDS OF PROPERTY.
CAIJ* I CAN SUIT YOU
IN PRICE. LOCATION AND TERMS.
H. C, DECKER, 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
PHONE JOHN 6L
INSURANCE CUT— MONEY TO LOAN.
$2600—30 rooms; Geary, near Powell.
$1500— 23 rooms; rent $75.
$550—8 rooms— On Union Square.
J.",C'O — 30 rooms; Sutter nt.. near Mason.
2700 — 23 rooms; O'Farrell, naar Leavenworth.
$900—10 rooms; Hyde, near Eddy.
$S00 — 13 rooms: Ellis, near Leavenworth.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 687 Market at,
25 ROOMS; new and clean $1100
12 rooming and boarding house $3.V)
17 rooms; fine location 450
18-room house; good transient 730
60 rooms; clears $353 $250
Money loaned. Gale A Benson, 320 Parrott big.
14 ROOMS; well furnished; rent $40 J350 1
11 rooms; all rented; rent $20 275
40 rooms; fine location; rent $75 1000
100 rooms at great bargain; rent $200 3600
65 r. ; rent $lfcO; $1700. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
10 rooms; 1 blk of Market; $150 down $300
11 rooms; elegant Ellis st. corner 323
; 14 rooms; boarders; rent $50; very nloe 850
S5 rooms; all sunny; corner; housekeepers.. 1400
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, near Call bldg.
$700— LODGING-HOUSE. W rooms, north of
Market st: bargain if sold to-day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN ft CO.. 777H Market st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH, 1224 — Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free: large yard; rent $37 60.
I 9-ROOM house: 313X4 O'Farrell at., near Mason,
rear entrance; fine location. Apply 15 Grant.
$40— ESTABLISHED lodging-house, 11 rooms.
153S Market, st.. near City Hall aye.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Watch with diamond and gold buckle,
at Chutes. Return to 41 Third St., room 5,
I and receive reward. $10.
LOST — In Columbia Theater January 6, lady's
umbrella: lnltla!s B. W. on handle. Please !
return to box office theater; reward.
LOST— On Minna st, between Fourth and
Fifth, purse with money and nuggets; reward
If returned. 273 Minna st
LOST— Key chain with padlock, whistle and
several keys. Leave at 17. Sanchez st. ; reward.
IF the gentleman wtio found the black and
white pup on Pine or Larkin st. on Thursday
will kindly return It to 1025 Pine st. he will
receive reward.
LOST— New Year's eve. downtown, sunburst
pin with diamond In center: liberal reward
finder. J. KAIIN & CO.. iOi Sacramento.
DECEMBER 27. bag containing pocketbook $5
change, cards, other articles. Please return
MRS. L. A. JOHNSON. 412 Brannan; reward.
ON the 24th— Fox terrier slut: black soot on
head: has pups. Return to 1428 Turk; reward.
MEDICAL.
MKS/dr'. KOHL the only reliable ladles' ,phy-
siclan and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $3; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 112. Market st. between Ma-
son and Taylor: hours. 9 to 6.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' soe-
clallst. formerly of 401 Van Ness. 1362 Market
baa returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
°.fficl. ffic 1 * 5J5 J T^ arr^!_ ted: v y ear9> "uccessful prac-
tlce In S. F. Office. 118 Eddy st. near Mason.
MRS. DR WIETH. reliable ladles' physician
and specialists; home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases; best care-
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; conaulta-
t 1 . 0 " i re<? - J!fi Post st - *•«• My-- and Lax-
kin; hours 10 to 6. 7 to S.
P ? l \ A '^ E conaneme nt home; sunny rooms-
vtL°J C t r _i nlc ~ S-rden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENEK
phone Pine 2751; res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR hvsr c ?a n M^h^ D , A y, lES - lm Market = - dI « ;
?v?£ m_M^s diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cur. ruaranteed; treatment $J.
MEDICAL.
DR. O W O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladle.' ipeclallst; safe and reliable; haa prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully: treatment can be used
at home; consultation free; success guaraa-
teed. Write or call at 1023H Market st.
MRS. DP. ALLEN. 1035 Ma rket st. : hours 10
a. in. to 5 p. m.; at residence. 2CS \an Ness
aye.. 5 to 9p. m. : guaranteed treatment. $o.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years:
cure $3; consultation free: treatment can D«
sent for use at home. 313 Kearny st.
DR. WISE, the larlles' speclalj3t. 1113 Market
et. ; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St., bet. Hyda
and Larkin: hours. 10 to 12. 3 to 4 and 7 to S.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
METAPHTSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy.
occultism: free clinic Tues. evg. 3<T> Larkin.
MINES AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers:
• dividend payers; quote J on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 30 cents per share or monthly Install-
ment*: send for rroapectU3. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 2T> California St.. rooms 5-7.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 49. StS
floor. Mil!- Ivilldlng. S. F. : tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE 3.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont at.
BARS, counters, showcases, s-helvlny. mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store an. of-
fice furnitura and fixtures : new and aecond-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. afcove Sixth.
VERY cheap— One large traction engine, never
in use. Dundon's San Francisco Iron Works,
223 Folsom st.
FOR sale or trade, cheap. 1 larg* incubator.
1 wagon. 2 road carts. Box D. Dlmond P. 0.,
Alameda County.
CANARY birds; see. hear and buy, at LOH-
MANN'S. 31t!S Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
THOROUGHRK r :D Japanese male pug do*.
Call or address. 154 Russ street,
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher; I
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by^ (buy) SORENSEN'S alarm
clock, reduced to 60c. 103 Sixth, below Mission.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyoas'. th»
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
In the History Building.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
ateamers, residences: portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc Th«
"Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F. Cal.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIQALUPI.
933 Market st. San Francisco.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
DRESS pants, $2 73: fine suit, $10. MI3FIT
CLOTHING PAP.LORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses. planers.latheii.
iron & wood: 24-hand. J. BURKE, 139 lieal*.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market at.
"LUIGI RICCA" famous Italian mandolin at a
bargain. Plaza Loan office. 702 Kearny st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines: 5 drawers;
oak; complete; cheap. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
BECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplier.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 618 Mission.
BUYS, pells, rents gear machinery, boiler-,
water pipe: new, 2d-hand. Whltelaw.2lB Spear.
SAFES— New nn<i second-hand. THE HER-
MAXN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST price paid for all kinds of curios
and Philippine relics. 625 Dupont. nr. Calif.
WANTED— PaI r.tera' falls; call early. 3-3
Gclden Gate aye.
LOT of old wlnJowa and tank cloaets; must t»
cheap. Addresa box 1354. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays; try all ethers, then see me: $50
I to JlOO.OvO; 6 per cent; Ist. 2J or chattel mort-
gages, estates in probate, undivided interests la
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice,
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. fi32 Market.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 5>4S Mark?*
at; tel. Alain 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
ANY amcunt at 6 per cent; Ist, 2J and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing buslnesi else-
where. It. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent, first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, 'ut.»rest
in estates, legacies. Ufa Insurance; cb-ttel
mortgages: confidential: al I . ice fr?e. G. E.
OLSEN. room IS. first floor. Chronicle b! ;_\
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd :ii'<rtga£?3, and en
furniture or pianos; no wuuvU; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 28 Montgomery st.
MOST r«'labla *lace to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. lIESTHA—. 10 Slxtn ;
highest prices for old .fold .•¦¦ilver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party in furniture an 4
pianos; no removal: low rptJ*: confidential.
BONELLI. Conserva;orv bldg. 130 Powe',l «.
AT 126 Kearny, rm. 9. respectable private plac*
to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 993.
ON furniture and piano* without removal, quick
service: money direct { lowest lnter««t; Rooms
(3 and 89. Denote* building, 1170 Market st,
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. «09 Examiner bulldmr.
TO salaried men; without collateral or lndorser.
8. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan -uildinc
$S0 TO $50.C00; lowest rates: Ist and 2d martn.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Mcnt<j.n-ry.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission ; private. LICK. 116 M-Alll-ter st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you nsetl
more money see H. MUKPHT. oSO Marker st.
MIS I CAL INSTitf ME.VTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchi4«
price allowed. We are selling new upright
ptanos for $6 per month, and some good pianos
for $3. $4 and $3 per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous»
west of Chicago la KOHLER A CHASE'S
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrel! Ft; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dof • to please and satl-fy tb*
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st,
"WHY buy a cheap-grade piano when yoa can
get a fine "Baby" Decker for $325, paytng $10
per month, if you want to. at MAUVAI3'. ~$»
Market at.
GREAT bargains In new and second-hand pi-
anos at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market at
ALL makea for a short time only.
$4. $4. $4. $4. $4. $4 per month.
2 Chickerings, 2 Steinways, 1 Voae & Sons and
60 other slightly use'l high and medium gra^j
pianos; special discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 134 Ellis st,
SPECIAL bargains this week, both on new and
second-hand pianos; clearance sale of last
years stock. THE J. DEWING CO.. Flood
bldg.. Fourth and Market ats.
A FINE Stelnway uprtsht. nearly ne-»; at
great sacrifice. Room 10. Flocxl bldg.
UPRIGHT piano, "Neumann Hamburg"- pro-
nounced by experts the best In S. F.; nearly
new. of solid construction; wonderful power
and sweetness of tone; value $C 00: to be sold
for only $3uu ca-h. 1238 Market »t. room 1.1.
LARGE stock of Baldwin an.i other standard
jrc a^^To^L%iT r a i i)rompi ~ ies -
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st agent for
Francia liacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer piano*. Spencer
warerooma. ISIS Mark?t st.
A BEAUTIFUL. 3-pedal upright piano; & bar-
gain. l-_i Webster St.. comer Sutter.
FINE upright pfano. little used, cheap for
cash. 1313 Powell.
FI x X JF r ,JT'l rh ' ir & Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFK'S. 10M Van Ness aye. nr. Geary st.
BAR i IAIN ~ Nlce u P r 'Rht piano; only $40 cash;
sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
OUR planes have arrived; rented $3 per month.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 360 Hayes at.
1 / 1 " Piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNGS. 216 McAllister st.
BA f UGA , IN ~ Good "P'iKht: cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister st.. n;xt Hibernia Bank.
-JutruMrS Vlo l lns ' - th ««. old and new. H.
*ii_L.l_R. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
SUTTER. 717— Very cholce~lfor~^roomT^r~o?
vestige* Very reaaonable - » u «ny; Pleasa In-
X i_r" 1 _hfrt *VssSoa_"-:V ssSoa _"-: KtSO: V°™er avallabl.
ror shirt, glove, shoe or paper-box factory.
8I a X bb a I .;-! 23 ~T W|th bake «-»' oven; raitabte tor
» bakery. Key at 23 Sixth *_
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
PROFESSOR ZERA tells past, present and fu.
ture. 263 Third St.. near Folsom.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S to-night: messages for
all. «41 Jessie; 10c; clrclo Friday evening.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis St.; circle Sun. and Wed, evenings.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c; c*r d reader;
past, present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth Et.. r. 12.
MRS DU PREE, card reading; questions an-
swered by mail: advice given. 28 7th, room 7.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted '74 rescued stmr Gold. 225 Mason, r, 7.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921V_ Mlsslon.op.Mlnt.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circle to-
night, 8: Tuesday. 2 p. m. ; consultation dally.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c 944 Howard
at.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs daily. 212H Blxth Bt. _____
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth at.
MME. SYEILLE— CradIe to grave; future hua-
band's picture. 26c: ladles. 914 O'FarreH st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
leas successful. Room 810. 527 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
$IS— MODERN E-room cottage; floe home. Sec-
ond aye., near Point Lobos. KREDO A CO.,
22V> Geary at
COZY EastlaJte cottage (Mlealon). reduced to
$10; 1 month free. SPECK A CO., 667 Market
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HlGGlNi^dental ''"parionC" »27
Market at., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold filllnea
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 CO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry —
Eynol, on application to the gumi, removes
the pain; ccc our flesh-colored plates; thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns. $3 CO; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9to I
P. m. Q. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Et.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh— Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. ICOI Market st. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Keainy, cor. Eush—
Full act of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 19
years. N. Y. Dentists. 9C9 Mission, cor. 6th.
Guaranteed dentistry, $1 per week; refer to <Wt)
city patients. Esmond Dental Parlors. 43 6th.
6ET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk at.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenlncs and Sundays. F5O Market.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SUITS, $3; eklrts, 75c; made on short notice.
273 Minna et., near Fourth.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlora;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 337 Geary St.; dresses
made, $f> up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; leading sys-
tem; easy payments; evg. classes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DPL "bUZARD" B~Do^lios^l^l7l»ostrFiirmore^
Advice and medicine 73c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dojrs boarded. Tel. West 636.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
MARSH system shorthand: lessons 1 hour each
day or evening. $2 60 a week; with application
any student can go through Marsh manual In
« weeks. 200 Van Ncsa aye.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market et.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, arch!. ; day and even. ;
est. ISC4. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
AYRES' Busineas College. 723 Market St., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship $50. Includes all branches.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mall;
languages. MISB M. G. BARRETT, 302 Mont-
gomery st,
A— Singing, piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 620 G. O. aye., r. 6; hr. 2-8.
CLASSES In German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. 804 Taylor at.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell et.
EECURE an experienced teacher. PROF.
MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busl-
neaa College. 805 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught;
priv. or class. Barker's Academy. 927 Mission.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio. 403 Geary, r. 17.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 132t
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
Chlneae help. 421 Post st.; phone Main ISSB.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
best help. 414H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress desire- a sit-
uation: good references; city or country
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st,
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best city references; city or country
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
A SWEDISH Infant's nurse dealrea a situation;
best city references; city or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl: good cook; good reter-
ences. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl; good waitress and seam-
stress. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Et.
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes work by the
day; understands all kinds of work. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
ENGLISH woman: good cook and houseworker;
$15; best ref. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell st.. tel.
Main 6832— As nurseglrl by young German-
American girl; German Infant's nurse; charge
of grown-up children, sewing, American girl;
young German chambermaid, seamstress or
second work; competent young Irish second
girl; Al American cook.
A— FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires
situation; 2 years last place. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter Et.
RELIABLE person wishes a situation at gen-
eral housework in a small family; is a good
cook; wages $15. Address box 4212, Call office.
DRESSMAKER and seamstre-a; good fitter and
draper; sews by the day 76c, or $3 a week;
city or Oakland. Box 4211. Call office.
COLORED woman wants to go out by the
day housecleanlng, washing and Ironing. 620
Powell st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to assist in light
housework and take care of a child. 914V1
Harrison st. . : >
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with light work; refer-
ences. £1S O'Farrell st.
A GOOD laundress wants washing to do at
home. Call at £15 McAllister at; entrance on
Ash aye.
WANTED — By a strong German; position as
cook or general housework; city references.
741 Thirteenth st.. near Flllmore.
LACE curtains washed and mended, 25c and
up. Call at 515 McAllister St.; entrance on
Ash aye.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist in housework. 861
Mission st.
EASTERN lady wants position ns a type-
writer. Call room 2, 2d floor, 1031 Market st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A^-HOUSEWORkI "o^k^Tre"s3T~olwand~sir
Alameda $25, San Mateo $23; cook and second,
same place, $25 and $30; chambermaid and
seamstress, country, $25; second girl, Oak-
land $20, San Rafael $20, 3 In family, Alameda,
$20; 10 second girls, city. $23 and $29; cham-
bermaid and waitress, $25; 3 nurseglrls, city
and country. $20 each; 2 young nurseglrls, $12
end $15; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, $20
and $15, city and country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN A CO 104 GEARY ST.
15 waitresses, city and country, $25, $20; 3
fancy ironers, hotel. Southern California. $30,
half fare; 5 chambermaids. Southern Califor-
nia, $20; cook, lunch house, $1 day; cook,
restaurant. $S week; chambermaid to wait,
mining town, $30, family orders; 6 second
girls, $20, $18, $15; cook. $30. German or
Swedish; 20 houseglrls, city and county, $25,
$20. C. R. HAXSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
A COMPETENT nurse to take care of 1 child
and help with sewing, $20; a nurse for an in-
fant, $25. must assist with upstairs work; a
German nurse, $20. MISS H. CULLINAN. S2C
Sutter Et.
A COOK, country, $30. 2 In family, good place:
a fim-claes laundress, city, $35; 4 second girls,
city, $25 and $20; 20 housowork girls, city
and country. $30, $25 and $20: 10 young girls
to assist, $10 to $15; (5 waitresses and cham-
bermaids, $20 and $13. MISS H. CULLINAN,
823 Sutter st. Phone Main 651.
WANTED— Everybody to bring their flannels
to us; washed as your mothers do at home;
one trial will convince you; gents' underwear,
60 a place; all flannels washed by hand. Office
257 Third st. and 609V4 Howard St.; telephone
Baker 11E9; French laundry.
EXPERIENCED German or Swedish girl for
cooking and housework; small family. Call
1130 EUla at
FIRST-CLASS second girl; must understand
waiting and sewing. 1224 Geary st Call in
morning.
YOUNG girl for general housework, and ceok-
lng; also girl to assist in upstairs work. 611
Van Ness aye,
WANTED— MiddIe-aged lady to learn pho-
tography business; salary when competent.
312 Kearny at
GOOD help on skirts; call 2 days. Telly, Oak-
land. please call. 863 Mission St.. room 7.
A GIRL for general housework. Apply 1404
McAllister at.
WANTED— Experienced nurs» girl. Apply bet.
10 and 12 a, m.. to 1433 Franklin st.
A NEAT girl for general housework. 1034V4
Bryant st. near Ninth.
RESPECTABLE girl for plain housework. 1J
Turk st.
WANTED— A good cook: also girl for second
work. Apply bet. 9 and 12. 2932 Jackson st.
WANTED— Working housekeeper for family
hotel. Address box 4218. Call office,
GIRL for housework; wages $15. Apply at 2584
Post at
WAJs'TED— GirI to do housework. 112SH Turk
street
WANTED— A young girl to wait at table. Call
early at 619 Post at.
GIRL to assist with housework; wages $10;
aleep home. 616 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 2777 Twenty-
fourth St.. corner York.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
lng. 632 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— Woman cook. 963 Howard at. near
Sixth.
GIRL for downstairs work; good cook; $25 - ref-
erences. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
"WE want a few first-class house-to-house so-
licitors for the most liberal proposition ever
offered, both city andn country. Western Ad-
vert!?lng Co.. 313 Bush st.
YOUNG German or American girl to assist In
light housework; wages $S. E. H. HAMMER.
44 Silver street.
WANTED— Machine operators on muslin un-
derwear; steam power; also Ironers. REY-
NOLDS. C 97 Mission street, corner Second.
WANTED— German girl for upstairs works
waiting and sewing. Apply at 2411 Jackson
street, between 9-12 a. m. and 12-2 p. m.
GIRL to do housework in upper flat; small fam-
ily: plain cooking; wages $12 to $15. Apply
1866 Green St., between 8 and 12 a. m.
YOUNG girl for general housework; no cook-
lng. ISJI Eddy st.
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36Vi Fremont st.; elevator.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; also finisher;
first-class wages. 956 Mission st.
GIRL for general housework, plain cooking and
laundress; must sleep at home; references.
500 Capp st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' wrappers;
electric power; steady work; good pay.
MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
200 OPERATORS wanted on ladles' underwear
to take work home. 723 Market St., room 33.
GOOD German girl wanted for housework at
1126 York st.
WANTED— FIrst-clasa skirt maker. CIS Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— GirI for «eneral housework: $15 a
month. 312 Scott at.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisementa and
cubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisementa and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-aecond and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— CO woodchoppers for long lob, pine,
$1 25 cord, fare refunded; blacksmith, $3 day;
man about place, and wife, $50 and $55; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento at
"WANTED— 2 waiters, country hotel, $25; por-
ter. $30; second cook, good restaurant, $50;
restaurant ateward. $13 week; dishwashers,
kitchen men and others. J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 62S Sacramento st,
MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN 6843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M.
3 butchers, hog killing $53
14 farmhands, prunera $26, $20 and found
choremen. boys, gardeners, etc.; cabinet mak-
ers; milkers and butter makers; blacksmiths'
helpers • I
3 miners : $75
stablemen; young'man to drive butcher wagon.
MURRAY A RBADY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARE.. TO SAWMILLS. ETC,
26 laborers $20 to $40 and found
133 woodchoppers. tiemakers, shingle, box,
bolt, picket and Dost makers
..$2. $2 f>o. $3 50. $1 60. $1. 70c cord, 12c, 10c each
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
HOTEL OTHER DEPARTMENT
Cook $30, fare 60c; cook, $33, city; cook, plain,
boarding houso, $40, fare 75c; 3 cooks, city,
restaurants. $35. $30 and found; coolc. $40, city
Job; cook, saloon, fare S3, $35 and found; cook, |
private family. $20, fare $3; i other cooks !
wantad; 11 waiters, hotels, restaurants, $33,
$30, $25, $20 and found; dishwashers; boy« for
bakeries and stores; baker, $35 and found,
countiy; 2 third hands. $30 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st,
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters, scraper-holders, dump men, shov-
elers and car drivers, for the Coast Road,
free fare; hoisting engineer for a mino. $2 50
a day; blacksmith, country shop, $50 and |
board.
Neat cook, country shop, $"0 and fare ad-
vanced: Becond cook, restaurant, $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BARBER for country hotel. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— I miner to sink shaft and timber
mine. $2 per day and board, fare paid; ma-
chinist for mine, $2 75 to $3 per day; 10 miners,
$2 per day: plain blacksmith and handy with
tools for orchard, short distance, $25 and
board; 2 more pruners for orchard, good Job,
$1 per day and board, and others. W. D.
EWER &. CO.. 610 Clay st.
2 MEN for Fresno to build fence, $35 and found;
Swedish or Herman preferred; see party here.
MRS. NORTON. 213 Slitter at
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Steady man to assist In light out-
door work; will pay $16 per week; must have
$100. 1015 M-rlcot st. room 10.
FIRST-CLASS painter will form partnership
_wlth responsible man. Address Painter, 340
f^iird St.. room 10. • » ;-
AN elderly man can have a good home;
must understand bookkeeping; wages $5 per
month and found. Call JCU Halght st.
BOY about 16 to learn shoe cutting?; apply 7 a,
m. KA3T. OLANVILLE & CO., 25-27 Jessie.
WANTED— At once, a good strong boy. Apply
LITZIUS A SON. 612 Hayes st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
WANTED— A bootblack at 1333 Market st.
BARBER for Wedne«<iay. Saturday, Sunday
and evenings. 2509 California 6t.
DAY cook. Apply 207 Third Bt
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
EOc. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
EMPLOYSIENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AS housekeeper, young German woman with
girl 4 years; city or country. 413 Powell at.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants a position* as
working housekeeper. Call or address '70S
Ellis st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to do store or of-
flce work. Box 4SS. Call.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by the day; makes
a suit In one day. 1532 Polk at.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants engagements
In families or at home. 917H Sutter St.; tel.
Larkin 562.
REFINED mlddle-asred woman wishes situa-
tion In small family as housekeeper; city or
country. Call MRS. WILSON. 1D32 Mason st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes posi-
tion as coolc in lunch house. Address MRS.
WEBER, 214 Third St., room 3.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework; good cook. Apply a.t 1126
Howard st. ; no trlflers.
RESPECTABLE woman wlfihes position as
working housekeeper. Box 4233. Call olfiJe.
COMPETENT, refined young woman, speaking
German, desires position as lady's maid, care
cf elderly lady, nursery governess or nurse;
reference. Box 4290, Call ofllce.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking and repairing;
tailor suits; perfect fit with one fitting: rea-
eonable; at homo or In families. 611 Geary.
YOUNG lady speaking 4 languages would like
to work in a store. Address 473 Tehama at.,
near Blxth. -- ¦< -*:.
SEAMSTRESS desires position to do second
work and s-wlng or chamberwork: seam-
atrcag. 1.16 Filbert at.
GERMAN Elri, good washer and ironer, wishes
work for tew more days, steady, every week.
418 Powell st.
GERMAN midwife and nurse wishes some more
engagements by ladies In confinement. MRS.
WOLTER. 132 Sixth St.
WINCHESTER House, 41 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night; $1 60 to %i
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ats.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptlona haa been established at 109< Va-
lencia st.
A BHANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk -t.: open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALES.
ELIJAH BROWN, male nurse: night work a
specialty; terms reasonable; leave orders at
Box 42097 Call office.
COACHMAN wishes position In private stable;
thoroughly understands the care of aame;
cleanly; strictly sober; ref. Box 4210. Call.
SITUATION by young man as machinist, to
finish trade; has worked 2 years at it. 358
Minna st.
A SOBER single man, with excellent refer-
ences, over 20 years' experience, good prunar
and steady worker, who knows every dthoa.se
of trees and the remedy for It. and guaran-
tees every tree he plants, would like a steady,
responsible position at reasonable compen-
sation or small wages and part on clear earn-
ings. Kindly address and give particulars,
box 7421. Call office.
COACHMAN— Competent man. thoroughly un-
derstands his business in all branches, de-
Bircs permanent situation. As to references
and qualifications address C. 6., 1022 Jackson.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and decorator, first
class in all branches, will wor'.c at reduced
rotes January and February, by day or con-
tract; city or country; high-class tinting a
g. specialty. Box 4575, Call office.
CHEF and steward would like a position In a
hotel or restaurant; city or country; first-class
references. Address box 4217. Call office.
RELIABLE, middle-aged man desires employ-
ment as chorcman with private family; handy
at any kind of work; references. Box 4571.
Call office.
A— s2s WILL be given to any one procuring me
a responsible position of any kind; capable;
can give gond reference and security. Box
4566, Call office.
WANTED — Position by young man as sales-
man In city or on the road with wholesale
house; can furnish best Eastern and city ref-
erences. Box 4SSS, Call office.
SOBER middle-aged German wants position in
private family; understands care of garden,
horses, cow, etc.; city or country; wages $15.
Addr-ss box 41S1, Call.
FIRST-CLASS all around cook: wide experl-
ence and good reputation. GEO. STALL, 312
Stockton st.
SITUATION by young man to finish plumber's
trade. EC4 O'Farrell at.
BUTLER, valet or cook by learned Japanese.
Address O. X.. box 4569, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement- and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tleements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician;
German eye water by mail. EOc. 1071% Market
Rt., San Franclsoo; examination free.
FINANCIAL.
A LOAN wanted— s7oo at 7H per cent interest,
secured by mortgage on choice Grove-st. lot,
with 4-room cottage, bath, basement, etc.;
principals only. Address box 103, Call office,
Oakland. Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat. 7 rooms, all sunny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417^4 Third st.
ELEGANT new flat, 8 rooms and, bath; larjre
basement 715 Grove st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW upper flat; eun all day; 6 rooms; bath;
stationary tub; rent $14. 418 Lily aye.
SIXTH, 136— Large front room; light house-
keeping; also room $1 week.
SUNNY lower flat. 5 rooms and bath; yard;
rent reasonable. 3568 17th nt., near Guerrero.
TWO flats; 4 rooms each; 1 flat furnished; I
baths; 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
UPPER flat, five rooms and bath; nice loca-
tlon. 1807 A Eddy street.
$10— FLAT of 4 rooms.. 815 Thirteenth street,
$11— UPPER flat of four eunny rooms. 27 Pearl
street, off Market, near Valencia.
$11— FLAT. 4 rooms; marble mantel; folding
doors. 715 Tehama st,,near Eighth.
$16 60— FLAT of 6 rooms and bath! 671 Hayes
street: no small children.
$18— SUNNY modern new flat, 6 rooms, bath.
Corner Twenty-second and Castro sts.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
5 BIRCH aye. — 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
FIIEK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
addresa to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes, $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard: 30x60 inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
et., near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest prlceß for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red. 5353.
HELP . WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $26;
4 second Girls, $25 each; second girl, Alameda,
$25, see party here Monday *11 o'clock; 4
cooka. $30 and $25; 15 young girls to assist.
$15; 60 housegtrls, $25 and $20; middle-aged
woman for light housework, country, $15 to
$20; 3 nursegirls, $12 to $15; waitress, institu-
tion. 51S. M US. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German or Swedish second girl,
$25; 4 housework girls, $20, $25; 3 cooks, Ger-
man style, $30: German chambermaid and
sew. MRS. LAMBERT. 413 Powell Bt.
OPERATORS on overalls; positions for sev-
eral hundred more girls at Levl Strauss' fac-
tory. 32Vi Fremont st.
WANTED — An apprentice on custom coats. 651
Folsom 6t., corner Hawthorne.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; 2 in fam-
lly. 423 Turk st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with houso-
work. 1030 Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$250— FIRST-CLASS florist's store; dolnr •• rood
business; splendid location; owner going to
Europe; rent $20; i living rooms, furnished.
Call R. G. WILKE. 60* Market st.
A— sCso; CIGAR and candy store; rent $20; very
best location r.onh of Market st.; a first-class
paying business; lares stock. Cull R. G.
WILKE. X* Market at, '
A— s7o3; COFFEE saloon and chophoust; rent
$", ; cpen day and night and doing a flrst-claes
paying business. Call R. O. WILKE, M 6
Market st.
A— KOO; FRUIT and grocery, with horse and
wagon; dally receipts $20; rent $30; full value
In M(,'ht; a splendid chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. JOB Market
$?00— SALOON; established years; Jeaae If
wanted; Market and Mason sts.; first-class
payir.fr: value of furniture and stock $i; 00; a
splendid bargain. Particulars R. Q. WILKE,
906 Market a^ -¦¦¦.^-
' A— sCX>; THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlors on Market st., close to Powell; open.
day and night; clearing about $300 per month;
lease. Call R. O. WILKE. 908 Market St.
A— sM»; GROCERY In Oakland, with horse and
wagon: rent $10; a good-paying business: all
fresh stock. Call R. G. WILKE, SO6 Market.
A- $S0O; RESTAURANT, oyster and chop
house, with dally receipts of $30; only flrst-
I class prices; rent $46: the beet location In this
I city. C*U R. G. WILKE, MS Market St.
J A— CORNER saloon with 7 years' lease In
I wholesale district; place established years;
clt-aring from $300 to $400 per month; no better
offer in market. R. Q. WILKE. W« Market.
A— slso; DELICACY store and branch bakery,
on Larkin St.: rent $16; good-paying business;
fine place for 8 ladles or man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE, COS Market »U
I CIGAR store on Market sU; sickness cause of
j tale. COWING A CO.. 1130 Market at.
i GROCERY and bar; corner: fine plaoe; must b*
t?ld. COWING A CO.. IHO Market at.
CANDY store, with rooms: cheap rent: must
sell. COWING A CO.. 1130 Market at.
ROOMING house; north of Market st. ; big bar-
guln; slcknesa. COWING A CO., 1180 Market.
BRANCH bakery, with rooms; bargain; sick-
ness cause. COWING A CO.. 1130 Market at.
SALOON on Market at.; ac» it to-day. COW-
INO A CO.. 1130 Market at.
AT a bargain—:, head cattle, 1 horse. 14 goats,
pigeons, chickens and hogs; house, furniture,
outhouses; ideal fishing and hunting. GALE
& BENSON. »30 Parrott building.
$250— A SPECIAL bargain ; grocery and bar on
a corner: cheap rent; good business; snap.
GALE A BENSON. 820 Parrott building.
$100 PER month to party with $200; money se-
cured. GALE A BENSON. 320 Parrott bldg.
GREAT bargain; country town hotel, SS rooms
and bar: El boarders; cheap rent; lease. GALE
A BENSON. 220 Parrott building.
$3000— GROCERY and delicacy: b*st 111 San
Joa<jutn Valley; $76 dally. KREDO A CO.,
12 H Oeary st.
J3iO— GROCERY and bar at Invoice; good cor-
! *"'• * 15 dall >'- KREDO A CO.. -2H Geary st.
$Si— B. BAKF.RY and stationery: don't miss
this; 2 rooms; good business. KREDO A CO.,
2:4 Geary st.
A— s4»; RESTAURANT; 3 blocks from Market
st.: good location: doing nice, steady business;
I nicely fitted; new furniture; call and Investi-
gate. STENBERG CO.. 2SH Kearny st.
1 $:> ; OO— SALOON In the Potrero, near Union Iron
Works: full value in stock; rent $20 month.
BASILE, 3 Eddy 6t.
$7M>— SALOON with clubrooms close to the
Baldwin; fine location; good business: cheap
rent; snap. JONES & CO.. 865 Market at.
15e BARBER shop for sale cheap; cash or
partly cash; best reason for selling. Inquire
G. TROST. 1522 Mason st.
WANTED— Lady partner, with about $1300; ac-
tive or silent In a legitimate meney making
business; money fully recured; big chance to
the ri*ht party; references exchanged. For
particulars address box 4544, Call office.
$5CO— MIDDLB-AGED man, handy with tools,
sober and Induftrlous, would Invest this
amount as partner In some light business.
Addresa box 455P, Call office.
FOR sale — We have a downtown saloon on
hand end rame must go at once; a bargain;
rent $50. WICHMAN. LUTGEN A CO.. 313
Clay et
DELICACY, bakery, candy, milk; must be sold
this wee It on acconnt of slcknesa; 3 living
rooms; rent $10. 410 Brannan St., near Third.
$1210— STATIONERY, notion and cigar store;
near a large school: fine location. Addresa
box B, Call branch. 300 Hayes street.
PARTNER wanted, email capital, to manufac-
ture household patent; good chance to make
ir.oney. Box 4JS3, Call office.
BRANCH bakery and notion store in Western
Addition for sale cheap. Address B. F., box
4?74. Call office.
CHEAP for cash; barber shop, t chairs; very
rood trade. Inquire at 1340 Mission at,
CORNER saloon: cheap If taken at one*. COW-
ING A CO.. 1130 Market st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale, in Oakland; Ex-
aminer. Address It., Sub-station No. L ALa-
meda.
$160— WELL-ESTABLISHED delicacy atore for
sale. Address box 41Si. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and stationery for Bale cheap.
1t34 Mission st.
PARTY with $3000 to $5000 to take interest In
manufacturing busineas; will bear lnvestlga-
tlon; a monopoly. Address box 4256. Call.
ETEAM laundry riant; doing good busineas.
G. W. LOVIE. Redwood City. Cal.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. SOS Second at.,
near South Park.
OFFERED— Limited amount of etock In the
moet promising group of 'gold mines in this
State, at $1 par share; continuous dividends
atsured within six menths. Call or addresa
80« Call building.
CHOICE business for aaJe at a bargain: a
beautiful assortment of opola and Mexican
antique curioa. Address box 4811. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL A CO.'S. 412 Sacramento at.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisementa and aubacrlptlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk at; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscripitno s has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucfry sts.; open until 9 p. ra.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon: fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagona,
new, suitable dry goods stores. $28 Harrison.
NEWand 2d-hand wagons, buggtes.carts and 6ar-
nesg. wk. A driving horses, ljth and Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN k BON. 2117 Mission at
100 SETS aecond-hand harnesa; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
aend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works, r3-317r 3-317 Tehama Bt.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Bteam Carpet Beatlnj Works. O. H
STEVENS, msr.. 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 260.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
411 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 3?4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at Se.
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1>44.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 533 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone Eaat 12<-
CLAIR VOYANTg AXD SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
th« w-U-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life, while entranced
the reveals every hidden myetery; she will
show you liow to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while in a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for circular
with special terma. MRS. DR j". CLARK,
.56 Turk st.. nr. Jones. Home Sun. and evea.
A— PROFESSOR MAY
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
12. TURK ST.
He excltea the wonder and admiration of the
most rkeptlcal; givea advice on love, business
and domestic trouble: unites the separated and
restores lost affection: If in doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this rtrted mtdium and he will
help you; medlumß developed Jn from S to 6
menths; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered; hours. 9 to S; Sunday, 10 to 2.
NOTICE— DR. CRAIG, Callfornla'a well-known
and aucceasful clairvoyant physician, re-
turned and opened* offices at 17 Powell st.;
consultation and examination of all diseases
free; satisfaction guaranteed in all splrltual-
lutlo work; readings by appointment and
apodal attention given to correspondents.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes r,t.. room 7, second floor.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. UO4 Market at., trance.
tett medium: life reader and medical clalr-
voyant: treats all diseases; sittings $L
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isfaction guar&nteeed; readings 60c and $L
230 A Turk n.
BAN FRANCISCO CALX-,
PCSINESS OFFICE of the Ban rrandaco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreeta. open
until U o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery atreet,
cc— ler C!ay; open until S:JO p. ra.
fX Hayes 6treet; cpen until >:30 p. «n.
C?S McAllister Etreet: open until *:S0 p. n_.
CIS Larkin street: open until S:3O p. m.
1P«1 Mlrrlon etreet: open until 10 p. m.
tTCI Market ttreet. ccrner Sixteenth; open
erst'l * p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until • p. m.
IC?6 V£l»ncia street; open until » p. m.
li:_ PcH: street; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twr-ty-eeoond and Ken-
tucky e'.recls; orea until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES^
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16. «*_£_£
K. T . Goldea Gate bullJir.g. £25 Butter (inTf
bt.— fcpctial ae^embly THIS EVEN- IBgj
ING _,t fc o'clock. The order of the '^X
Temple vr'M be conferred. All fra.ters are
courteously Invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, _a. Com.
VfM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
PAN r-TtAN CISCO Chapter No. _. RoyaJ __Pi
Arch Ua-ca*. meets THIS EVENING. J%jt
ins-:_l:.:ti. n of. officers. / '
<> ( [DENTAL Lodge No. J2, F. and A. m
M.— THIS tIiONDAY) EVENING, at _*\_
;.3O o'clock; first decree. By order of }£_fv
the W. M. i^r >
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— ¦
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) ,__#4_,
EVENING. 7:.i) o'clock. Mission Ma- jLjf
fonlc Temple. 2CES Mission st. Instal- ' ~ 1
latlon of ctflcere. By order of the H. P.
JXO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 263, F. £
& A. M., Franklin HaJl. Flllmore at.. _j^_
between Putter and Bush. First degree jKjf
THIS EVENING, ot 7:30. AVA
HARRY BAEHR. Eecretary.
UNITY Encampment No. M, I. O. O. jy A
F.— Members notified to attend funeral yf
ot our late patriarch. 7.. BIRDS ALL S\
MONDAY. 12:15 p. m. XX
C. F. BRALEY. C. P.
PUBLIC Installation. Hermann osj_t,/<**.
Lodce No. :<r. I. v. O. F .-<.<?>- 4&*2g&;
cr~* a: .l members are requested -"^"¦<B9»sS r
to assemble In Eureka Hall, third _7*j_|_,
r.oor. Odd Fellows' bu'.Uing. NEXT TUES-
DAY EVENING. January 9. at 8 o'clock
? harp, fcr the Installation of officers. Mem-
bers of sister lodges and friends are cordially
invited. E. KRLEGER. N. O.
M. R. JAGER. Secretary.
MEMBERS of Ophir Lodge No*
.' . 1.0 O r will please ar*»rr.-
I !•» at Kemerabran c 1.v.1. 1. O.
0. F.. at 3-:15 p. ra.. MONDAY,
January E. for the purpose cf attending the
ftir.praJ of our late brother. 7. BIRDS ALL.
P. G GEO. W. COLLIER. N. G.
OFFICERS • and members of
Frai American 'si?e No. 27. -s«s^33ri
1. O. < r, are reauested to as- >£3<siS'
fsemMe !n their hall TUESDAY, !W^
January 8, ISM. at 1-M p. m., to attend the
funeral of our late brother, J. LAGRAVE.
Kj order of EUGENE DAUCHER, N. G.
L. AURADOU. J^ecretarj 1 .
ALT A Lodce No. 205. I. O. O. F.— r *#J2LP's
Installation THIS EVENING, #!rss___
Jan. &; large attendance desired. SsL^^ssST
W. WARD BBCZCU-T. N. G. 'V/'/feV^
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15. American As*o-
. ifction of Masters and Pilota of Steam Ves-
6»16. InstaJiati'-n of officers THIS (MON-
DAY) EVENING. Jan. 6. 1900. All members
i_re earnestly requested to be present. liy
order of the captain.
R^ N. PIPPEY, Secretary.
ANNUAL meetlr-g-Spring Valley Water Works
— Th» ar.r.ual meeting of the stockholders of
the fpr;r.g Valley Water Works will be held
Rt the iffice of the company, 12» Stockton St..
t=an Francisco. Ca!.. at 12 o'clock m. en
WEDNESDAY, the 10th day of January. ISM.
to elect trustees to wrve fcr the ensuing year
ar.d fcr the transaction of such other buil-
nee? as may come before the meetlne.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the rtockl. lijers of the California Dry
Pock Company will be he.d st the office of
the company. No. 3C2 California street. San
Francisco, Cal.. en MONDAY. January 8.
ISOO. at 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose cf
? lectlr.jr a board of directcrs to eerve for the
•T.s.u'.r.p year ana for the transaction cf ruch
ether tusiress s« may prcperly come before
the meeting. W. F. RT'FSELL. SecreUry.
Office No. SOI California St.. room 1. Ban
Francisco. Cal.. December 24. 1«99.
NOTICE of meeting— The annual meeting of
the Association of the Hospital for Children
and Training Sch^r.i for Nurses will be held
at the h^rital. 3700 California st., THURS-
DAY. January 11. at 1 o'clock p. m.
MRS. L. L. DUN PAR. Rec. Beo.
ANNUAL meetlrji— The reruiar annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Wlttram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their office.
??7 Market st.. San Francisco, California, on
MONDAY, the eighth day of January. 1»00.
et the hcur of 1 p. m.. for the purpose of
electing a beard cf directors to Ferve for the
en^uicg year, and the transaction of euch
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. CHARLE6 A. HUG. Beo.
Office, 227 Market it.. San Franclcco. Cali-
fornia.
THE annual meeting cf the stockholders of
The Nevada National Bank of San Franclaoo,
Ca!.. will be held at its banking house, 101
Montgomery et., Fan Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY. January 9. l»C0. at J:l5 o'clock
p. tr... for the election of directors to serve for
the cocaine year, and the traneactlcn of auch
ether butlcesa as may come before the meet-
Ing. GEO. GRANT Secretary.
Pan Francisco. December S. 18W.
ANNUAL meet:nir-The REGULAR ANNUAL
MEETING of the etorkhclders of the Pajaro
ValUy Consolidated Railroad Co. will be held
»>t the office cf the Company, 817 Market at..
Fan rr»ndsco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 15th
day of January. 1300. at the hour of 11:15
'••clock a. m.. for the purpose of electlne a
l~oard of directcrs to serve for the ensuing
year an<s the transaction of such other busl-
ress as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer bocks will clo«e on FRIDAY. January 11,
ISOO at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAM.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING, room 15, first floor.
r^-ror.lc!e building: no advance charges: all
ea_M«; estate*, mortrages. damages, collec-
tions; bankruptcy: -.-ills, etc., drawn; moder-
ate fees; call or write.
AJ»v:cE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collectlone. G. W.
HOWE etty at law. B.V> Market, cor. Ftocktn.
ADVICE free; r.o charge unless, successful. W.
V. DAVTDSOy. 527 Market rt.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MER7.!;aCII. etf>mey at law. has re-
«um'"l practice at f*J Cal. St.. Clunie bidg.
L. P. rLARX. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. ?27 Mar-
ket ft.: cons-:;tntl 'n free: nn fees In advance.
BOAIID AND ROOMS.
FTSPV. 123— United Etates Hotel; rooms JIM
week up. w*»h board 15 i 0; suite for two with
board, IX2; beard. $4 week; meals. 25c: ele-
vstor runs ell r.'.cht.
HOTEL FAIRMOTNT\ 1714 f Market— Elegant
new- furr.iture; first-class in every respect:
tg'-lc unsurpassed; hot and cold water; ele-
vator; suite*, with board for 2, $50 month up.
NI.V family hotel: fir»t-class In ail appoint-
ments ; excellent table. *07 California St.. 00-
NXCXELY furnished room with board; home
rooklxtf: private family: gentleman preferred.
Add re** box 741. Ca'l office.
'"BELORAVIA HOTEL." Polk an* Clay— Sun-
r.y suites; best board; fcr 2. $45 up; single, $20.
HAIGHT. 222— Sunny rooms with board; terms
_rea -onable.
FTTLTCN. 13S4— Elegant furnlehed front eunny
suite; n»ar the Park.
LAr-: PALMAS.IS2O Market Ft.— Suite of . or S
rir-s.: private: Utth; tin. rms; board optional.
O'FARP.ELL. 742 -Clean, ccmfortable rooms;
peA home cooking: special rate- to gents.
DOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM en* board desired in private family by
vounr laiy; terms reasonable; references ex-
rhr-.nareU. Address A. 8.. Call branch, C 33
M< AlllFter «t.
AN' old la<!y wants home In a Catholic family
In vicinity of Et. Irnatlus Church; terms $15
per month. Bo- 4213. Call offW.
BY rincle man— Board and room in American
or fienr.an fami'.y. Box 4237. Call.
HOARDING FOR CHIiIdrEN.
A GOOD home and mother's care for child"",
yar or older; reaßonuble. 141 Page tt,
TO hard-Ar. Infant or small child; $10 cer
mnrth. 210 Lextn.ton aye.
. , _
CHILDREN boarded; a mother's care Ardy
«U 15 I>?.:ne St.. off Thirtieth, near Church.
DOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS- height and 'exchanged'
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mlss'.oa et.. near Thl r«i.'
_JBOOT_AND SHOE BARGAINS.
CHILDREN'S ehoea, all styles, sizes 8 to 11.75 c
Boys' shoes, all sizes. $L Men's shoes. ..sl n
Ladies' lace or button shoes, all sizes Jl 00
V~ t'le's ¦'-•hoe Store. I^o3 Stockton, r.r. B'dwy.
BI'SINI-gS CHANCES.
$ST.i>-RneTAURANT andTodglnT house; old-ea-
tablished business: owner retiring on account
of old age. McLAUGHLIN _T CO.. - 777%
Market et.
52Wv-PARTNER -ranted; profitable bu-lnetf.
2-cI-AUCULIN & CO.. 777 ft Market st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900.
8TO SAIL.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
MOUNT TAMALPriIsTsCENIC RpiILWA Y
Leave San Francisco ila Sausalito Ferry.
Week Days....! 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays ..8:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p.m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40.
§^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
S CJ2S KEAnst «T. Establish*^
XL In 185* for the treatrnentof Private i
W Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or I
»di*easev7earingo:ibodyandiiilndap.d i
J3 Skin Diseases. The doctorenreswhen [
5J others fall. Try him. Charges low.
&a«ore« B nnrantred. Callorwritn.
»r. J. *'. UIBBO.\. Box 1037, 5 an FrancUco.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Co-operative Mutual Building and Loan As-
sociation to Edward Phillips, lot on N line of
Grove street. 2JO E of Devlsadero, E 25 by N
124:2, NW 98 degrees 57 minutes, S 12S:Ui; 310.
Mellle iL Anderson to Joseph 8. Anderson,
lot on N line of Clay street, 87:6 E ol Walnut,
E 23 by S 102:8 Vi: gift
Rebeooa Doherty (by R, L Whelan. late
Sheriff) to J. J. Raver. lot on N line of Dun-
can etreet, 101:9 W of Douglass, W 50 by N 114;
3120.
J. G. Hunter to Gabriel Wlngate, lot on 8
line of Elizabeth street, 223:4 W of Douglass,
8 114 by W 61:8: 310.
Celine F. L«vy (by Sigmund Greenebaum and
Charles Altechul, attorneys) to Glacomo Orsl,
lot on SW line of Montgomery avenue, 16.58 B
of Jackson street, also 12.75 S from Jackson,
SE 53.55, S 29.23, W 21.66, N 65.25; $10.
Nicholas P. Mllloglav to Marguerite M. Ivan-
covich iMllloglav) and Elizabeth Mllloglav, lot
on 12 line of Leavenworth street, 70 N of Jack-
eon, N 22:6 by E 70; $10.
James Lee Coleman to Charles Lee Tllden, lot
on NE line of Main etreet, 137:6 SE of Folsom
SE 137:6 by NE 275; $10.
James B. Coryell to Samuel Center, lot on
NW corner of Fifteenth (El Dorado) and Ver-
mont streets, N 100 by W 200; SlO.
John and Mrs. John Driscoll (by R, I. Whe-
lan. late Sheriff) to J. J. Raver, lot on W line
of Seventh avenue, 250 S of A street, W 120 by
S 100; 366.
Mary E. Reno (by R. I. Whelan, late Sheriff)
to tame, lots 622 and 624, Gift Map 8; $66.
Fred Blmon and Virgil Grlmond (by R. I.
Whelan. late Sheriff) to same, lot on SE line of
Prague street, 1U) SW cf Brazil, SE 100 by SW
75, block »5. Excelsior Homestead: 1100.
American Bank and TTU6t Company to James
and Kate Woods,, lot on N line of Ney street.
250 E of Craut E 25 by N 110. block 7, College
Homestead: {10.
Alameda County.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to E. L. Kelley
(trustee of the Reorganized Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter Day Saints of Lamonl Decatur
County, State of Iowa), air Interest in lot on
SE corner of Sixteenth and Magnolia streets.
E 34:6 by S 90, block CB7, Oakland (warranty
deed); $13.
George and Carrie R. Sterling to William H.
Macklnnon, lot on W line of Telegraph avenue,
CO S of Fortieth street, S E0 by W 100, belnis
lot 2. block 20SO, map of estate of John Evoy,
Oakland; also lot on S line of Fortieth street,
100 W of Telegraph avenue, W 60 by S 100, be-
ing lot 16 block 2080 Evoy Tract, Oakland; JlO.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Jessie Reed, lots
21 and 22, block 5, on map of resubdlvlslon of
blocks 4 and 5, Clinton, East Oakland; 3575.
Bridget Bheehan (widow) to John , Jeremiah
and Annie Sheehan and Catherine Newell
(Eheehan). wife of Cornellnc, lot on S line of
union avenue, 340 W of Green street, W 60 by
S 155, being a portion of lot 27, block 3, Max-
well Tract, Oakland Township; gift.
Forrest E. and Fannie B. Fairbanks to Hor-
ace D. Irwln. lot on NW corner of Woolsey
and Ellis streets, N 43:3 by W 120, being lot 77,
Regent-street Homestead, Berkeley; ?10.
J. B. and Rena Gullbault to Home Building
Company (a corporation), lot on E line of Edith
street, 76 S of Cedar, S 40 by E 100. being lot
14, block A, Edith Tract, Berkeley; 310.
John and Mary Focha to Dora C. Chan, lot
on N corner of San Leandro road and X /treet,
NE 200 by NW 110. being lot 1 and, portion of
lot 2, block A, Hayward Tract, Haywards,
Eden Township; $10.
Antonio Caxnara Jr. to Francisco O. Salgado,
lot 13 block IS, Haywards Park Homestead
Union. Eden Township: $10.
A. F, Schweer to Laura H. Bruce, lot 3,
block L, J. A.'Neal's Revised Plan Town oj
Pleasanton, Murray Township (quitclaim deed);
8317.
E, A, and Agne« Harris to J. W. Helmke and
Francis Champion, lot on NW corner of Broad-
way and Twentieth (or Delger) street, N 31 by
W 113:6 block C. Wllcox place, Oakland; $10.
AuKUstin S. Macdonald to Male Tucker Mac-
donald. lot on SE line of- Walaworth avenue,
170 SW of Bayo Vista avenue, SW 60 by SE 123,
beir.f? lot 23, block G, Linda Vista Terrace Map
2, Oakland; gift.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Maria D. Jef-
fress (wife of George H.), lot on N line of Han-
over avenue, 450 W of Newton avenue, W £0 by
N 115; $10.
Joseph Plmentel (executor estate of Antonio
F. Nola) to M. J. Ferrelra, all Interest in lot
on N line of B street. 100 W of Third. N 225
SW 100, SE 225. NE 100 to beginning. Town of
Haywards, Eden Township; $1030.
P£XISO\AI,S.
*v. ll would like to make the a<v
¦tajice cf a ctsUenian between li and
r >cars; c'-Ject niatrimcay end a home; no
¦rs Aiiress with true name and bust-
j... MKS. A. A,, box 4236. Call office,
r*>' U' BOOXE, Patent Trademark
;^rw et Law. ar.d Copyright
, Setter »l. Lew * a Specialty.
in Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
* ' ' r ' !rcul<Lr - Patents Solicited.
i 1 EUEU"'? Qutr.tcn'.ea is a r-rTect hair tonic,
br>t.: LeO«W*« Foaao Champoo has no
Kjutal. •= ; kg: Letiertr uses no other.l 23 Siktn.
la r»r excellence, the hairdresser of
:sco; latest rtyles only, 26c; mani-
. < ¦; rr.ass'ii^lng, 81; pood twitches II-
CM; cren t?un.. 9 to 13 a. m. 118 Stktn.'
.: t- :'.t to order 810 T5. or pants 83 75; our
tn remnants allows ua to sell cheaper
r- B^y made. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market st-
.. ;tfc and ?th. prep. One-price Tailoring
! .mrr.y Et.. near Sacto; also 1C44 Mar-
under St. Nlcholaa.
detective work; reaaoc&ble rate«; 10
x;>«r:tnce; confidential. J. B. RAY
ICy ttu
- ,; ;?z Aa>-s. phctos given Baxter caa be re-
!. Ad*r«fs 104 Ninth at.
X Gate Oyster and Chop House- ovsten
¦ yif. PAMITRES BAROSIB. n Ninth.
lights in every room; Winchester
3 it.. 44 Third «t-. near Market; 100 rooms-
j.'f t- 81 CO per Right; 31 60 to 88 per week;
f-<-« t-sa ana baggage to and from the ferry.
12 INQ theatrical and masquerade cce-
a«n; make-up and wigs; country orders bo-
rd. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. TS3 Market st.
r-a wiah full vi-;» for your caat-off cloth-
;rt call on a COHEN. U7 Third st.
00ISUA2I buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
ci-rpets. old gc'.d; send for him. COB Kearny.
.- JT price for cast-eff clothing and bric-a-
?-aa. H. MARKS. 109 Third st.; aend postal.
JIUU'X'UiS CO.. hatr apeclaliets, grow hair
- r.o par: book for taap. t Eddy st
V," A.VTED— OIfI rold for taanurg. O. NOLTB^
<we'.er. 2*3 OTarrelL bet. Powell and Mason.
T AUMERLVO corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
:'RN. A. M.. Ph.D.. ir.s Linden. Oakland.
r.EAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
a. X. BPECK Jk CO. wTmaSSt "btT
AIX GEXTOfE BAHGAINS.
A— C 43, 000; cra&d bay: near Chronicle; rests
lIS net. . t
A— ttJX»t rent* 3*OCO j*r year; CO-foot corner,
:etr TSvcli.
A— «it.oOo; fis« buy; 4-etory brtckj B«ar Or-
pheaa; lot M fe«t frcat; all rented.
X— 415.000; recu %*OX p« year; Bixtb-«t oor.
A— 821.000: business property; rests tisO; new
fullSlnr.
X— 1^.000; rants 83T«j nrwj afl rtat*<L
A— f ¦_'?¦": resta 3135; cotaer on Leave aw uitfl
rti mortgage TICOQ.
X—CJI.tM; rents flW>: basta«es pro^trtn B«ar
; ifcle'a t*."r»,
A— B7tK; rest* 875; I e'egtrt fiats; nr. F'^r^r
X— s6ooo; rents 8£0: Pert st: 8 cie« fiaU.
X— HWO; rents S4O; California st| 3 good fiats.
FORECLOSURE eale— J2ooo; two choice flata of
{ rooms each, resting for 818. At 810 Valley
et, cear No*, or SPECK, A CO.. CB7 Market
PASS lot*~-Park lota!
Lets a«ar the Park gclng xsp 2ast; the kt
Par.har.iJe will surely b« tht cseass of raising
prices; don't wait; call or send at once for
price lirt: we have the cheapest lota In th* dis-
trict.
BT5— tH ca*fc. 88 monthly; EUR, eantb ot
the Park, on Tenth aye.
1875— 350 cash, 110 monthly: Klntn are., near
J rt.; ti«22o; fine views.
KJO — Cheap ccrser, 21x107:6: easy terms;
Testh &ye.. south cf Park.
3750 ea.cn— 2 I^ta on Point Loboa are.: ~x!00
each; 110 monthly.
LYON & HOAO, 114 Montgomery st
ISSO AT 87 to to 315 j*r month; comfortable cot-
tare cf tjur roctrrs and lot; chicken, pigeon
and ether outbuildings; one block from Fcl-
eorrr-rt electric cars; Spring Valley water:
tiled slr.k and rtatlonary wash tubs; absolute
eaer.flce. ArplJ" to Owner, 122S Cortland aye.
PSOt— NEW ccttage; four cr clx rooms and
Lath; tank closet; tiled sink and stationary
tvash trajs: cne to eight lots, near Mission
ard tiih ets.; you buy absolutely for your
rent BBBPqr: 810 to Jl2 monthly: take cour-
age, be free arid yotr own landlord. P. A.
I>OLAN. CZZ Market et.. upstairs, to the right
t-Xv— LEVEL building lot 2ix£s; Western Addi-
t'.on. rear BeoCS and Union; blc bargain. W.
I. McCLUR.". il Montgomery st
1300— 71x109; LEVEL; near Fol*om-et cars and
Fan Bruno aye.; worth 8500. W. F. Mo-
CLUKE. Zl MosUromerr st
J27S9— LOT and 8-story brick house; sunny side
South Park, r.ear Third et ; S rooma; al»o
large «hep in rear yard. By WM. HEX-
r.RICKSON A CO.. 614 Call bulldlag.
Jv"EW cottages. !.-.-j«e« mr.A flata for n'e on
Pierce as.d Waller ets.. near Halght: over 89
houses »<-M !n t.aire block. Terms to cult by
F. NELSON, builder.
VT ANTED— Offer cc hcuse of 8 rooms aad bath,
let 2JxZ2J, on Doug'.ass at; bargain If bought
¦oott. Particulars at U>1"~» Fifth st
13 FEET on O'FarreU it. near Maaaa; fine
location. Aro'.y to COFTET. HTGHES &
lIEP.3ST. B3i Market et.
KOOMSJT«3_LET--i-ar n . >nd Pntarn.
C flVm^^' lA V<? 523 - Suna I' roo ««: 1 »«• * «en-
rer^nUs 1 * " &e * lT **i vAvnl* family;
C r'Mffv I^ IE P^ UU M Vertl " mentB an(l subscriptions
_ ret * lv *d at Call branch efflce. 2200 Flllmore gt.
E ?s D fl'«f« <> ~NI~ Nle * Ty fnmirtied eunny rooms, from
__»« to tis. to gentlemen.
r'JFTi.ENTH. 1570, near Mission— Fumlßhed
rooms to rent.
1^? 31 - ss °— Clean furnished elngle rooms |
13. 34 and 85 per month.
G IS, ARD JHouBJ Hou8e ' 19S Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
GO , L P ENE N OATE aye.. El4-Newly furnished,
sunny rooms, ecrupu lonely clean, from $8 up;
nne alcovo room with running water; no sign.
GRA J1 N T, SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
ana Mission bXm.— Bunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HAIGHT, 100— Newly furnished eunny rooms,
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rt>cra!ng houge; tl EO to S6 per week.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
- E!*hed; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. 82»— Clean, respectable; 25c- Jl per
night: yl-83 per week; Howard cars to door.
HOWAKD. 1072— Furnished room to let In prl-
vate house: 83 per month.
HOWARD, 115S— Newly furnished front rooms
with gas and running water; also single rms.
NE. cor. Howard and Main— Two new furnlah-d
runny rooms; bath; 35 month.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. 81 per week; transient.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furninhed;
tec day up; » week up; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. tO4— Furnished suite; sunny rea-
tonable. to gentlemen.
PACIFIC, 827— Nicely furnished front room to
1 or 2 working women, $$ per month; private.
POLK. IC33 — Large sunny alcove room, 89 per
month; pleasant room JB.
P.OSEDALE. 321 Ellie. near Taylor— loo rooms;
2Sc a night; 81 a week; transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to 81 60; week. V to
C: month, SS to ISO; elevator on office floor;
rooir.B with hot and ccld water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth si
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TEHAMA. 104— Front eunny room; rent rea-
sonable^
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A pood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
VAN NESS aye., 80S— Elegant suites, single
rooms and housekeeping suites; suitable for
-doctor cr dentist.
VAN NESS aye.. 4M— Well-furnished sunay up-
per room: closet, bath; board optional.
A BRANCH effice fcr the reception of adver-
tisements and Eubscripticns has been opened
at UZZ Polk rt. ; open till 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SC Va-
lencia Et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cubiriiptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-seccnd and Ken-
tucky *tn. : open till 9 p. m.
SPECIAXXOTICES.
ABANDONED children In Et. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Aeylum from July 1, ISSS, to Decem-
ber 81, ISS9: Arthur Vanier. 5 years; Charles
Vanler, 8; Frank Cryne, 4; Mary Canessa, SH;
Peter Canesea, 8H; Joseph Burns, 3 E-6; -Ger-
tie McLoughlin. 3 6-6: Pauline Smith, 5; Isa-
bel Smith, J; Peter Reilly, 5: Gertie Bergin,
2; Christine Barnes, 2H: Fred Wllkte, 3;
FrarJi Majrulre. 8 6-12; Mary Mulcahy, 3; An-
nlta Greenwood. 2; Laurenc* Bank. 2H; John
Bergin. 8; Francis Tarantlno, 3: William Mof-
fatt. «; Mary McClellan. 6; Fred Suiz. 2V4:
Charles Eulz, 1 1-3; Rose Herbert. 6.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of E2O Lake et. has received the
following orphan, half-crphan and aban-
doned girls frrtm October 1, 1539, to January
1. 1KO: Nettle Moore, aged 12 years: Ceclle
H. W!!liamson. aped II years; Irene Bennet,
aged 11 years: Vera C. Faber, aped 9 years;
Georgle C. Faber, need 4 years; Bessie I.
Lee. aged 7 years; Mabel J. Lee, aged 5 years;
Frances M. Kane, aged 2 years; Emily Johns-
ton, aired 5 years; Dorothea Johnston, aged
IS months.
DAWFON— Private mall leaves San Francisco
Jan. 14, and letters will be delivered in pereon
at 31 r*r letter if left with HOWARD, 101 St.
Ann's building. 6 Eddy et.
ROOMS papered from 83; whitened, !1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
I CAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4!5 Montgomery »t.. rcrrrr.n >-10: tel. 5T.20.
SEWIXG MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
82 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
Ftlrirr at lorrent rates. 205 Fourth st.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, tnarrlsxe and death notices Bent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LEISHMAN— In this olty, Jannary 7, 1900, to
the wife of George Leishxnan, a daughter.
TRAUTNER— In this city, January 5, 1900, to
the wife of Gus A. Trautner, a daughter.
Knights of Pythias.
The time for the public Installation of
all the officers of the several lodges of
MUTUCBH IMI'IFIO CO3IFA3IXr,
(rAcmo sTBTzx.)
Trmlma leave and nre *nm ti» nrrlie »l
MAX FItAXCISf'O.
(Main Lin«, Foot of Mariica Street}
ISA ye — Tkok Dzcxußxn 14 IS3O. — *jutrr»
•7:00 a Benlda, Solsnn, Efcalra, VacarQet
Bmoseyand Sacramento 7 *7 : 1 3 »
•7:00 a Bhasta Express— DaTia. Willows,
Boil mi.flf Portland *7fi3r
•7i3Oa Mortices, Banl:amon,Var2e3o. Xapa,
CillstogaanilHanta Rosa »8:I3f
•Si3oa TheOverlandUaHted— O;doa. Den.
Ter, Omaha, Chlcajp *3i13»
•Bi2OaS«:i Jose, liTermore, 'Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. F'ao rrLUo,
• Marjs?i;io, Chlco. KodUlutf Mill*
•SiS»*»Miiton.Oakd*loan<l Honor* M:l3p
•U:OO a Haywirils. Niles and Way Stations. M l : l3*
•»:«Oa Datia, Woodlard. Knights Landing; -
MarysTillo, uroTlil<\. •7:I3»
•&<••* Atlantic Ilirreu— O-Jen and East •UrlS*
*9iOOa Msrt'.ncz. Trie?, Lttbrcp. Stockton. ' '
Merc»tl and k'resna *12513p
•9iO«a Pert Costa, li'resno. MoJaTa aad Los
A r;o>«. # B:-43p
•10:00 a VtUeJo. Marines and Way Stations •5:4.-Jf
•11 :OO\ ITaTtriras. Uiics and Way Stations. *2: 13»
•12:OOx .Nilcs, Liiermor^ Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Ilaofcrd, Vlsalia,
PcncrttUo •1:1.1 y
}l:OOp Sacramento KWer Steamer* t«l:OO*
•3«OOr naywiids, Nile* and \V»j Statlacj. # 3j »3*
•4:OOr Martinez, tan lUraon, Vallejo,
I»»?», Callstosß, SanU Rosa •»i«34
•4i««f Bcnlcla, Vacaillle. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knljhts Laadics; ** •
MarjsrUle. OroilKe «1O:«a
MiSOrNtles, Han Jcse ami Stockton «7U3*
•3:O«pTlio Owl limited— Tracy, Fresno.
BakenfielJ. Saugus for Santa Uar-
bara, Lcs Acielea. •I»i43a
•3>o«r Eurset Ltrltad-El Fuo. New O*.
lsacsand East , eirti-O*
•3i3«p Stockton, Mcree<», Fresno., .«. »12i13*
*3i3Op Fresno, Ua^erstleM. HanU TUrhan,
I.ci Ad;? lea. Dcmlng, El l'uo.
New Orleans and East '3:13*
•3i34r Ssnta Fa lloute— At!autl« Eicrtea
tot Mojafo auH L'asl *<1»43p
•a:«Op Haywarda. XilssaadSaa Jcsa # 7i4. - »a
tOtSOr Vallejo , •13i1.1r
•0:3»r Oriental Mail— OgJen and East ..... •»:1O»
JTiOOp Vallejo, i'-i: Costa aud Way Bt*>
ttoEs. „, ttiSSr
•Bi*3p Oregon and California Kxprsm,fla>
rnmento, MarjsTll.'e, KetMlnf,
rortlan.l, Pugft yoimiT an.l Tub »3tiai.
C9AST DIVISION (Narrow V.M S e),
(Foot ot Market Street.)
•StlftA Newark. C'enter»Ule,b»nJoa9,Fel too.
Boulder Creek.S^nta Crui and Way
Stations •OiS**
t2<!3r Newark. Centarrllle. Ran Jom, New
. Almaden, JFeltcn, PonlJer Creeks
Banti Cruz and Principal Way
Stations fIOUM*
¦4tl 3 p Newark, Ban Jose, Los Catos. *O:*«a
tlltlSp Hunter*' Excursion, San Josa and
WoySutiors f7i»O»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tn* sir micisco— fwt or aarktt stwi (S?lj n—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.M. tI:C3 *2-Ji t3:CB
•4X3 tS:C3 *B:C3f.n.
rrtaCUUW— F3«H'3r3«»w«».— «e:CO 9.C0 10-.KU.M.
t!2:C3 »I:C3 t2:C3 «3:C3 ti:;j 'S-C3f.11.
CO AS r DIVISION' (Broad C;m«;e}.
¦ (Third a:id Tovrngcml Sts.)
tflilOA Ocean View, South Han innci»co.. tSsSOp
*7<OOa Sau Jose ami Way Stations (Xew
*^ ' ' Almaden Wednesdays only). *liSO>>
.•9iOO* Ban Jose, Trea Piuoa, Hanta Cnn.
' Pacllla Qrota. Tun Uobles, Ban
s I.nta Olilith), Surf. Loonoo ami
PrincJpal Way Stations ••i»|«P
•I»i«»a Ban Joss nod Way Htatlona *«iS3a
*Ili3Oa Ban Jn«a am! Way Station*.. ...... *St3Op
.t3:S3rBan M»:-o. Kedwoo<l. Aleclo rare.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Ban Jose,
Tres Fir.cs. SanU Cms. BaMnaa.
Blonterey aud Facf^o QrcTs f10:34*
\l3ißOp6as Joso and Way Stations *7:30p
fl>l3p San Joaaanil Principal Way Stations *9:13 a
t3:oOp San Joso aad PTlndpal Wa7 Stations tO:Ot»A
*3:30p San Josa an-1 Principal Way Stations •«533»
•6:: tOr PanJcseaud Way Stations t<*:O«U
Mlilsp San Jc«»am! Way .Stations *7:30p
AforMorci&c. P for Afternoon.
• Dally. t Sunday eieepted. \ Holiday onty.
b Saturday only.
' and Txidajs c Thursdays and Snndan.
CAIffORNU KORTHVESTERN HI. CO.
m FRANCISCO ANO NO3TH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttbnron Farrjr. Foot of Market St.
BAN FBANCI3CO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:JO. 9:00. U.CO a. m. ; U:SS.
1:30. 6:19. 8:30 ». m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:33 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I.;J
and 11:30 p. q.
BUNDATB— B:OO. »:30. 11:00 a. m.: l:S0. 1:30.
S:CO. R:2O c. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO BXS FHANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. ex. : 12:45.
8:40, £:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:«3. 11^4 a. in.: 1:«. !:». 8.C3.
«:23 b. in.
Between San Francisco and Scsaetscn Park
nme schedule as abova.
Leava I Arrtv*
Ban Francisco. In Effect Ban Pranc'.soo.
- October 13. ¦
W««k Sun- ISj9. Bun- We*k
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
T:3O tm 8:00 ara Novato. 10:40 am 3:40 am
1:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:C5 pm'lo:Jj ara
6:13 pin S:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7.3J pm 4.22 pxa
Fulton,
fJO am Windaor. 13:15 ut
Healdsbure,
Lytten.
OeyserrUle,
tM pm 8:04 am Clov«rdaie. 7:35 pm <:23 paa
1:83 am Hopland and
8:00 am UiiiS. 7:33 pm <:23 pa
IM am ' 10:25 as*
8:00 am OuerneTlUe. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm (:23 pta
fM am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:43 am 8: 40 ana
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, (:13 pm tits pta
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 19:40 air. 19:23 am
8:30 pm! 5:00 pm 7:85 pml 8:22 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bpnnrs and "White Suiphur Springs; at Lyttoa
tor Lytton Bprings; at Gayserrlllo for Skaggs
Springs; at Clr.verdal* for the Oeysers: at Hop-
land for Piiscar. Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, £o<Sa Cay, Lak*<
i port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
> Springs. Saratoga, Springs. Blua Lakes. Laurel
D«ll Laka, WltUr Springs, t'pper Lak», Porno,
Potter Vailey. John Day's. Rlvemtde. Li r:«y'i,
Bucltnell's. Sanhedria Heights. Hullvilie. Orr*s
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragr.
Westport, Vsal, Wlllitta. Laytonvllle. Cun-
miners. Bell's Sprln«9, Harris, Olaen's. Dyer,
BocUa and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday roend trip tickets at ra*
I tuced rates.
On Sunday ronsd trta tickets to all potata
fceyr-nd San Rafat! at half rate*.
Ticket Offices, CO Market St.. Cnronirle bid*
JL. C WHITINO, R. X. RTAJ*.
Qeneral Manajrer. Oen. Pas*. A* sat. .
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
S a nta Fe Ronte.
Ttf fastest train, rur.nirr over tha beat raft
road, with tS» alrhast class accommodation*.
Connecting train tear** Baa Fraadaco al
8:00 p. n.
MOSDAT. WTOSISBIT. HUDAT. BATCaOAT.
Arriving In Chicago at 1:13 p. tn.
. TBIBAT, SCMDAT. TTTCSDAT. WEDXZ3OIT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day tn the T«ar. Pullman Palacs an 4
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave C*kland MoU
for Denver. Tfan^f City, Chicago and tho £vi
t:3O p. o.
VALLEY ROAD
B»rween Etocktos. Fr-sno. Hanford, ViasUla,
- Tulare and Bakersfield, furnishes good local
train service.
Baa Francisco office, 823 Sfirkst ft. tdepaoa*
Mala 1131.
Oakland office. 1119 Broadway.
Baeramento office, 301 J street.
Baa Jom office. 7 TVeat Santa Cara itreeC
HDRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILHOAtt
Vis SsjeflAltto Ferry.
Commencing October 1. US9.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEI
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-» 7:00. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1U
•3:40. 5:15. « CO. «:S0 p. m. • **»
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mil! Valley and San R»
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturday*
at 9: r 0 and 11:30 p. m.
BtTJJDAYS— *S:OO. *10:00. »U:3O a. m.; «1:U
8:11. *4:43, 6:30. »:00 p. ra.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, •«:£, 7:45. «9:40 a. t^,
•12:30. 8:15, '3:40. '3:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an*
Saturdays at <:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 4:2O. *3:00. *10:00. 11:45 a. m_
•1:40. nas. 4:43. t:Z3 p. m.
Trains marked (•> start from San Qaentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— «:4S. 6:15. 7:55. »:45 a. m.
12:85. 2:15. 8:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays ant
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, JUS. B:tt
I .-00. 8:43 p. m
THROrOH TRAINS.
»:CO a, m. week days — Cazaderoand waystattoas
8:43 p. m. Saturdays— Tcmales and ray stations
ligo v c Supdiirg— Xcmaiea *u4 w»y itaUoi^
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
DIED.
Brown. William G. Johnson. Kate
Burke. Garrett Kelly, Hanora
Byrne, Anne Koeter, Alma H.
Brandt. Georp« Lagrave, Joachim
Courtois, Marius V. Lelehman, Infant
Curran, Emmet M. McLellan. Mary a
Conway. Patrick Miles. Mrs. Elizabeth
Clark. Joseph Molloy. Peter
D'Arcy. Ethel M. Nash.EUls
Dizney, William Partridge, Sam O.
Dougherty, Chaa. N. Painter. Anna Ev
Deiehanty, Edmond Palln, Bridget
Davis. Daly Packard. Howard F.
Davey, Peter J. Robinson. Catherine
Glehrs, Jacob Raabe, Cai>t. Geo. A.
Grahman, Mrs. Jo- Sullivan, Margaret
sephlne Spellman. James
Healey, Hannah Btelnmann, Fridolln
Hansen. Christian M. Wlnkelman. Fred H.
BROWN— In this city, January 6. 1900, Wil-
liam Graham Brown, beloved husband of Jen-
nie Brown, and father of Ha*el and Sidney
Brown, a native of Scotland.
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonlo Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets^ un-
der the auspices of California Lodge No. L
F. and A. M. Remains at parlors of N. Gray
& Co.. 641 Sacramento street.
BURKE— In this city. January 6, 1900, Garrett
Burke dearly beloved husband of Mary A.
Burke, father cf David, John, George, Ed-
mond, Katie and the late William Burke, and
brother of Mrs. Ellen Brown, a native of Ire-
land, aged 12 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from his lato resi-
dence. 2SIS Harrison street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to St. Peter's
Church, Alabama street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his, soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage, t
BYRNE— In this city, January 6, 1900, Ann«
Byrne (formerly Mrs. Smith), a native of
Bantry. Ireland, aged 80 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 5:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 203 Hyde street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, comer Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRANDT— In this city, January 8. 1900, George,
dearly beloved husband of Ellse Brandt,
father of Mrs. Olga Hall, and grandfather
of George, Hilda and Hallen Hall, a native
of Altona, Germany.
E7 Funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 31S Halght
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by
electric car, corner of Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets. '
COURTOIS— In this city, January 7. 1300. Ma-
rius Vincent, beloved husband of Annie Cour-
tois, and father of Louis and Horace Cour-
tois, a native of France, aged 40 years 8
months and IS days.
cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1210 Waller street, thence to L O. O.
F. Cemetery.
CURRAN— In this city. January T, 1900, Emmet
M.. beloved son of Michael and Annie Cur-
ran. a native of Son Francisco, aged 3 years
and 8 months.
CONWAY— In this city, January T, ISOO. Patrick
Conway, beloved brother of Mrs. Eugene
Kelly, a native of Rlverstown, County Bllgo,
Ireland, ased 70 years.
pyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to Et. Patrick's Church, where
a reoulem high mass will bo celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Pleas* omit
flowers,
CLARK— In this city. January J. 1900, Joseph
Clark, brother of Mrs. Russell Kerr of Frank-
lin County. Mo., and uncle of Mrs. William
James Monro and Susan Burk of San Fran-
Cisco, a native of Missouri, aged 73 years 6
months and ra days.
{C7Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Mon-
day), at 11 o'clock, at Centenary M. B.
Church South, Bush street, between Gougn
and Octavla. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
D'ARCY— In this city. January «, 1900, Ethel
M., only and beloved daughter of Charles and
Harriet D'Arcy. and sister of Albert D'Arcy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 8
months and II days.
E7"Ftlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
cf the parents, 2 Columbia square. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DIZNEY— In this city, January 8, 1900, Wil-
liam, beloved son of William and Janet Dlz-
ney, and brother of James. Jessie and Mary
Dlzney, Mrs. F. Nye and the late Jennie
Dizney, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years and 11 months.
DJTrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 641 Guerrero street. Interment private.
DOUGHERTY- Killed at Aubrey. Aria., Octc-
be 4. 1339. Charles N.. husband of
Annie M. Dougherty, and father of Lillian,
Harold, Ruth and Irene Dougherty, a native
of Marysvilic, aged 41 years and 8 months.
DELEHANTY— In this city. January 7. 1900,
Edmond Deiehanty, late of Rio Vista, beloved
husband of Hanora Deiehanty, and father of
Joseph, Mary, Annie, Ellen, Edward, Lizzie,
Kate and John Deiehanty, a native of County
Tipperary, Iraland, aged 67 years. (New
York and Boston papers . please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 10, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 402 Sanchez street, thenca to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Crocs Cemetery.
DAVIS— In New Ycrk City, Jannary 8, 1900,
Daly Davis, aged 37 years.
DAVEY— In this city. January 7. 1900. Peter J.
Davey, beloved brother of Maria Batty and
Matt Davey, and cuusln of Mrs. D. J. Moran
and Miss Maggie and B. J. Davey, a native
of Leltrim, County Slice., Ireland. a«ced 2$
years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are reepeot-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the- funeral
parlors of James McManus. Seventh and Cas-
tro streets, Oakland, thence to the Church of
the Immaculate Conception, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the ro-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemstery, Oakland.
GIEHRS— In this city, January 7. 1900, Jacob
Glehrs, a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
lET'Remalns at parlors of Porter & White,
122 Eddy street.
GRAHMAN— Entered Into rest In this city,
January 7, 1900, Mrs. Josephine Grahman,
daughter of Mrs. J. B. Berry, and mother of
Algernon I. Grahman, a native of California,
aged 33 years. '
(CTFrtends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend ths funeral service* to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 109
Montgomery street.
HEALEY— In this city, January 6, 1900, Han-
nah, dearly beloved wife of Dennis Healey
mother of Mary and John Burke and Michael
and Catherine Healey, and sister of Mrs M
Flaherty, Mrs. J. O'Donnell. Mrs. F. Mo-
Donough and Martin Joyce, a native of Clif-
den. County Galway, Ireland, aged 45 years
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:43 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 343 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will b<3 celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city. January 7, ISOO, Chris-
tian M., beloved husband of Margaret Han-
sen, a native of Denmark, aged 63 years 6
months and 7 days.
KTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
JOHNSON— In this city January 7, 1900 Kate
beloved wife of Fred Johnson, and mother of
Willie and Thomas Johneon, a native of Ire.
land, acred 45 years.
KELLY— In this city. January 5. 1900 Hanora.
beloved wife of Luke Kelly, and beloved aunt
of Mrs. James McHugh. Mrs. Joe Lingfelser
Mrs. P. Murphy. Kate Glynn and Martin J*
Touhey. a native of the parish of Ahascrarh."
County Galway, Ireland, aged 86 years
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 26SH Clementina street, thence to St
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOSTER— In this city, January 6, 1900 Alma
Henrietta, beloved daughter of Henry and
Lena Koster. and slater of Anna M.. Frances
U.B. ENGINEER Office. Flood buliainx. Ban
Francisco, Cal. January 4,' 1900— Bealed pro-
posals for erecting double draw-span bridge,
approaches thereto and pier* thsrefor. across
tidal canal fit Fruttvale aye., near Alameda,
Cal., will be received her« until 12 noon. Feb-
. ruary 10, 1900, Information on application.
W. H, HKUER, Major. Engineers.
M. and baby Koster, a native. of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 8 years 8 months and 11 days.
(CTFuneral and Interment took Dlaco Bun-
day, January 7, 1900.
LAGRAVE— In this city, January 6. 1900,
Joachim, beloved husband of Cecils Lagrave,
father of Justin. Leon, Frank and Antolne
Lagrave, and son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
Justin Cedley, a native of Spain, aged 61
years and 3 months. ; V
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1017 Railroad avenue, South San Fran-
cisco.
LEISHMAN— In this city, January T, 1900, In-
fant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Lelsh-
man.
McLELLAN— In Laurel Creek, Ban Mateo
County, CaL, January — , 1900, Mary Cross
McLellan, mother of Mary 8., Mary P., Mary
G., Charles D., William S., Leonard E.,
Edgar W., George 8., Frank L. and Asa D.
McLellan, a native of Norton, Mass., aged 69
years 6 months and 25 days.
£7FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from her late residence. Laurel
Creek. Funeral car leaves Third and Towns-
end streets at 10:40 o'clock. Interment prl-
vato.
MILES— In this city, January 8, 1900, Mrs.
Elizabeth Miles of Victoria. B. C. a native
of England, aged SO years.
C7The funeral services will be held
this day CMonday). at 8 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1301 Laguna street. Interment prl-
. vate.
MOLLOT— In Sonoma County, CaL, Peter, be-
loved brother of James Molloy, a native of
County Longford, Ireland, aged 62 years.
p7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10:45. o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencinjr at 11.
o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs Cemetery.
NASH— In this city, Ellis Nash, son of A. M.
and Agnes L. Nash, aged 4 years 10 months
and II days.
PARTRIDGE— In Berkeley, January 7, 1900, of
typhoid fever. Sam C, husband of Clara
Martin Partridge, and brother of Mrs. J. N.
Odell and Jessie E. and W. H. Partridge, a
native of Wheeling, W. Va., aged 35 years
GT" Funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, at 2001 Haste street. Berkeley,
near Dwleht Way station. Interment pri-
vate at Mountain View Cemetery.
PAINTER— In Alameda, January 8, 1900, Anna
E., wife of Edward R. Painter, and mother
of June G. Painter,
(ETTuneral from the home to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
PALIN— In this city, January fl, 1900, Bridget,
beloved wife of Joseph J. Palm, mother of
Joseph, Eata. May and Julian Palln, daugh-
ter of Cornelius and Kate Crimmlns and
Bister of Sister Theresa Marie and Llllle,
Daniel, Timothy and Thomas Crimmins a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 37 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:SO o'clock, from the residence
of her Darents. 93SH Alabama street, thenca
to St. Peter's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be oelebrated for the repose of her
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PACKARD— Entered into rest in San Gregorlo
January 6, 1900. Howard Franklin Packard,
beloved son of Mrs. A. Packard, and brother
of Georce R.. J. W. and C. H. Packard and
Mrs. Al Newman cf Port Townsend, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 44 years 6 months and
11 days.
ROBINSON— In this city, January 6, 1900, at
her residence. 1007 Powell street, Catherine A
Robinson, a native of Torktown, Westchester
County, N. T., aged 82 years 1 month and 3
days.
tOTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RAABE— In this city, January 7, 1900, Captain
Georgo A. Raabe, a native of Germany, aged
61 years.
CJ-Hemalns at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 5, 1900, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Daniel Sulli-
van, and beloved mother of Mary, James
Daniel and Dennis Sullivan. Mrs. John Bern-
hard and the late Katie Sullivan, a native of
the parish of Kllcoe, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 74 years.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2243 Polk street, thence to St. Bridget's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crocs Cemetery.
SPELLMAN— In this city, January 7, 1900,
James, beloved son of the late John and
Julia Spellman, and brother of John and
Stephen Spellman and Mrs. B. Bailey, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 35 years 6 months
and IS Jays.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 9:35 o'clock, from the
parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.
STEINMANN— In this city, January 6, 1900,
Frldoltn Stelnmann, beloved husband of Rosa
Stelnmann. and rather of Teresa and Rosa
Stelnmann, Mrs. W r llllam Kllppel and Otto M.
and Fred A. Stetnmann. a native of Vlllln-
gen, Baden, Germany, aged 62 years. •
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from tha parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co., 22S McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WINKELMAN— In this city. January 5, 1500.
Fred H. Winkelmac. beloved son of Mrs. P.
H. Rulffa, and brother of Mrs. A. H. Hams
and William I. Wlnkelman, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 29 years 10 months and IS days.
SC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, Mrs. P. H. Rulffs, 601 Hayes
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PROPOSALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900.
this city has been changed from the 13th
to the 20th inst., and the place selected is
Odd Fellows' Assembly Hall, on Seventh
street.
The following circular has been Issued
from the office of the grand keeper of the
records and seal. Herman Schaffner:
"California in 1902 means that the Su-
preme Lodge must hold its biennial con-
vention of that year in our 'land of sun-
shine, fruit and flowers.' California in 1902
means a revivifying of the order not only
In our own State (domain), but throughout
the entire Pacific Slope. California in 1902
means the infusion of new life, renewed
energy, increased interest and growth in
the membership of the order. California in
1902 means inoculation with the Pythian
virus that makes the order in the domains
over the 'Great Divide' the standard fra-
ternal organization. So, for the 'good of
the order,' it must be California in 1902.''
J7SOO— MODERN S-r»m residence, with or with-
out furniture. In<julr» 10C6 Leavesworth gt.,
rear California.
FOR tale — Cheap, new 2-etory houses; 7 rooms;
latent improvements: Noe and Hill sta.; near
Castro-st. can: patent eidewalk.
FTRFT-CLAES ru*!ne*§ let: cheap If sold this
w»*k. Hex IT2. Call office.
III: AL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A LIST OF SPECIAL BARGAINS— When
•er.iisg for ir.y CATALOGUE always *tate
ebout what U wanted — amount to invest. *to.
I'll then a!so furnish a specialty prejiared list
of "SNAP" bargains— near vfhat you want,
not in catalogue. VThlle I rr.ake & special
f*atcr» of NAPA and SONOMA County
place*. I'm personally acquainted with over
ZY& ranches for «&Ie acl exchange in Call-
'omia, — more than ar.y other ten agents in
the State. I travri nearly all the time, la-
apectlcg country property.
N. D. 6ICKELB, the LAND AGENT.
19 Gearv it., opposite Chronicle bigg.. S. F.
6ANTA | CLARA Valley fruit, faraln* and
stock lanS»; owner's sale in tracts of & to 500
acres; ea*y terms, or will exchange for S«.n
Fn~*ics«co proj-erty. Apply to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS are G. C. VACHZLL, 10 Montcosiery
rt_. between 11 a. in. and Ip. n. dally.
FOR sale or exchange for Improved Saa Fran-
cisco property .fruit ranch IC2 acres; value
>SOOO. Address H. F. EPEITZEN. Watsonvllle.
TES. t3 per acre ur>; farm list; free fare. iZ
ORIFFEN. 713 Market st.. sear Call building.
MILLBRAE lots an 3 t'.ock*; fenced; water
works. BUTTEnriELD. fc27 Market gt.
8.0021S FOR rtOCSEKJSEPUrGL'
BXTSH. 2-2 C —Two runny front rooms ; furnished
for light housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA, 2-13— Sunr.r parlors: rooms for
light housekeeping: gas range; Uuth; reason-
able, private family; references.
CLAY. :Cl. near FiUmcre— 2 large unfurnished
roomc; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advert! fements ar.<3 subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2^o Fillmore st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., «« r >— Two connecting
rooms, with kitchen; Bunny corner.
HOWARD. C2S— Two well lighted unfurnished j
rooms and basement, suitable for man and
wife: $5; in rear.
HYDE. 40S— 2 or 3 eunr.y housekeeping rooms, .
basement; a)*o rlr-gle.
McALI.I^TEH. E7»— Private family; newly fur-
r.ished *ur:ny front room for gentleman.
JiiSSION. SfS— j neat connecting- rooms for
housekeeping; furnished complete.
STEVENSON, 642. bet. 7th and fcth, above Odd
Fellows' Hail, corner Tth and Market, and In
rlcht of the new P<-*tofflce — 2 furnished house-
ket-pinir rooms; bath: central.
THIRD. t::—i unfurnished rooms for house-
k'<-;>lr.g; use cf bath and stationary tubs.
THREE furnished rooms; $13; etove. 18 Lewis.
08 Taylor, r.*^ir Poet.
TWELFTH, 40—2 m» front connecting rooms
for housekeeping. $10.
TWELFTH, 14S-2 or 3 sunny rooms; furnished
complete for housekeeping.
CLASSIFIED a<3vertls«:ments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore ts.
A BRANCH office for the reception cf adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12C2 Polk et.; own until 6 p. m.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertleements and
eubfecriptlcns has been established at lCit Va-
l>ri-ia fct.
A I2RANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscriptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
turky sts.: ctjen until 9 p. m.
ROOMS '*'O LET — Fnrn. and Infgrn.
A^TsR^ciw7c^~HOUSE7 W T<TYl^^noom^
SSc to $1 per night; il 1". to {5 tier week, aod
light fcousekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor ets.—
Homelike hcuse; modern •errtce; elevator;
bath: rooms 5Cc to tIH day. MRS. J. KING.
AUSTIN aye.. IC2, near Polk et.— Large sunny
front room; furnished.
BOHEMIA. 129 Post. ccr. Stockton— Single and
oor. aunny cultes for gentlemen and families;
epec. rates tourlfte; elevator: all conveniences.
BURNETT. 14« Market et. (old No. IM4)— Fur-
nished rma., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
»ve.— fiuEoy ccrt.tr; well furnj net. & offices.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE RUD^LplT^^orage and~^doving" Co.
Office. 4?1 Pout «t.. err. Powell: tel. Main 5713
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. EJO Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.IMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$14E0— LOT 28x12?; cottage 5 rooms and bath;
street work done; ea*y terms.
J2IC0 — Lot ECxl4s; fine cottage; 5 large rooms
and bath; worth S3S6G; only $100 cash, balance
$20 per month: great snap.
$3000— Lot 4/>xlEo; Morton St., between rail-
roads; near station and school; handsome new
cottage cf 7 rooms and bath; tCOO and $35 per
month.
$2250— L0t SExIEO; 2-etory house of 6 rooms and
bath; Alameda aye., near Morton-st. station;
ea*y terms.
$XCo— Lot 40x150; fine new 2-story house. 8
rooms and bath; Morton et.. near stations and
schools; $^00 caeh, balance $30 per month.
$3£X> — Let 75x150; on main avenue; cottage
{ rooms and bath; great bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
U. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park tt.. Alameda, Cal.
A HOME — Bend description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Sr..
1400 VTebster rt., Alameda.
$2V!O— FINE new modern house 7 rooms; choice
let. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly CalL
X pr.ges. In wrapper, fnr malllnr. 31 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXp REAL ESTATE.
JtOO— WILL sell quick for $4200; fine corner
residence: lot 45x175: » rooms; up to date.
E E. BUNCE, 9CS Broadway. Oakland.
OAjqA^'D FCKXITTKB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from 11. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th ani Franklin. Oakland.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wlttraun Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business,
327 Market st.. Kan Francisco.
Notice ts hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 18th day
cf December, 1899, an assessment (No. 7)) of
one U) cent per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable Im-
mediately In United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January,
ISOO, will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment Is
rr.ade before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February, 1900. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of *ale. By order of the Board of Dl-
rectorß. CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary.
327 Market gt.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 (23 cents per
fhare) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market st.. on and after Monday,
January 15. ISOO. Transfer books will clos«
en Tuesday. January 9, at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 11 (35 cents
per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of
the company. No. £27 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, January 10. 13M. Transfer books
will clOFe on Saturday, January 6 1900 at
12 o'clock m. E. H. BHKLDON. Sec.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco— At a regular meeting of the
board of fllrectors of this bank, held January
J. 1900. a dividend was declared for the half.
year ending December 31, 1539. at the rate of
'eeven (7) per cent per annum, payable on
•nd after the 15th lnst. Transfer books will
be closed from the 10th to the 15th lnst.. both
<Jajs Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
Jannary 3. 1300.
KUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 18
Geary et.— The directors have declared the fol-
lowing semi-annual dividends: 3.60 per cent
per annum on term and 8 per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, payable on -and after
January t, IMO. ERNEST BRAND, Sec.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tWes
the early mornlnc tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tid«
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Kiven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, . except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and th<?n the number given 13 subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
rpference la the mean of the lower low waters.
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FWERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBU3,
Vi i'Utb st., opposite L r.caln school*
Telephone Sou Ji 80.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th.
- ¦ - - Telephone South 447. "
MONDAY, JANUARY 8.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 7—5 p. m.
The following ara the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This This
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.44 15.46
Red Bluff 0.60 14.66 6.27
Sacramento 0.14 13.19 6.25
San Francisco 0.62 14.23 6.63
Fresno O.W 6.03 2.61
Independence 0.00 2. 0S 0.70
Pan Luis Obispo '. 0.00 12.57 8.53
Los Angeles 0.00 4.57 O.BS
San Dleco 0.00 2.61 1.69
Yuma 0.00 0.6« 1.32
, Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
SS; minimum, 63; mean, EC.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is generally cloudy and some
what threatening over the country west of the
Rocky Mountains. Rain has fallen west of the
Sierras and Cascades and north of San Fran
cisco.
The pressure has risen rapidly along the Cal
ifornia and Southern Oregon coasts and fallen
over the Rocky Mountain regions.
The temperature has fallen decidedly along
the northern coast of California and remained
nearly stationary in other sections. It Is gen
erally above the normal.
The rivers have changed very little, but will
fall after Monday.
Conditions are favorable- for fair weather,
somewhat cooler, In California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, January 8, 1900.
Northern California— Cloudy, with light
showers along the extreme northern coast;
fair elsewhere Monday; cooler; fresh northerly
wind.
Southern Californlar-Partly cloudy Monday;
light northwest wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Monday: probably rain or
enow In the mountains of the northeast portion;
cooler.
Utah — Cloudy, with rain or mow Monday,
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday; probably
Bnow In northern sortlon.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
fresh northwest jrlnd.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
PALACE HOTEL.
f B Walsh, B Rafael M S Arndt, Stockton
Mrs J Walsh S Rafael J X Myers. NY
E B. Colby. New Yorlc W Gordon, N Orleans
M Marks, New York J Dorfllnger, Conn
0 A Cloef. Minn C Younger, B Crua
>Irs J Xinna, SLOblspo D Ollphant. Portland
Elizth Xlnna, SLObispo Mrs Ollphant, Portland
j Kullng, Pa L E Thayer, Richmond
Xl Ridge, Pa R Rawllnga. St Louis
Lady Bowyer, Chicago P E Reillay. N V
R M Allison. Phllada Mrs. P E Rellley, N T
Miss E Nevada, Paris A X Kenyon. N V
Miss M Palmer, Paris r Cairns, Buffalo
Dr R Palmer, Paria C Rennes, Chicago
T James, Omaha W Burgard. Chicago
II R Wood. Phijada J Keiffer. Mt Clareac*
J R Nelson, Ind Mrs Keiffer, Mt Clar
L Rosenthal. Chicago Mls3 Kahn, MtClarenco
d G Gage, Stanford T Lungerahauser, Mt
C H Smith. X C Clarence
R J. Sickles, NY E Reinkard, Mt Clar
B S Spellman, NY F W Smith, Spokane.
W J Marks. NY C G Theis, Stanford.
C Krobuesa, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
T T Tynan, Cheyenne iW H Neiswender, Cal
N Yourur, Cheyenne IMrs F Schmidt, Salinas
H W Darllasr & w. mill E Allen, Cal
J M Jones, Colusa G A Copeland. Stanfrd
Miss B M Clydesdale, J W Drysdale. Madera
England W A Llttlefleld, Cul
G W Blair, Healdsburg D J Flanagan, Cal
C Orr, Fort Bragg J F Boiler, Portervllle
H Toulsen, Mt View A W Baker. Watsonvll
A S Neal. Redwood L F Smithy Sta Crua
C P Jackson, Cal A Crum. Temaleton
J N Smith, MarysvlHeiß N Tenbrook, Sacto
F Llppman, Berkeley A G <s<l2e. Sacto
1 Tobln. Santa Rosa !J! J D Elddle. Hanford
O W Taylor, Sta Rosa Mm F G Morrlll. Cal
W Doyle, New York T B Straven, Cal
A Wlosell, Los Ang J F Flanagan, Cal
C H Fisher. Baker Cty A Hamilton. SeatUe
J Eyre, New York T P Dlckeon, Tacoma
B W Vest St Louis F P Barnes. Los Anr
A Carey, Fresno C L Knestrlo, Reedley
W Mitchell Nevada J O Pottle, Sancer
A Raymer, Los Ang Mrs H Clark. Sacto
NE^V WESTERN HOTEI*
C Brunsell, San Joso iM Hanover. Sta Barb
J W Turner. Sanger B Field. Anxels Camp
C E Morgan, Vallejo Miss C McKay.- Cal
F Stoll. Crockett H J Schade & w. Cal
C H Shlnn, Berkeley C H Strombenr. 11l
J Chirm. Petaluma JE F Mills, Pasadena
J Mulroy, Los Ang H A Fraser. Eureka
F W Winters, Stocking D Brown. Riverside
J H Reynolds. Cal H D Lewis. San Raf ,
A R Moulton, Sta Rosa F Watson, Tacoma
The officers of University Lo<3s» at
Berkeley -were Installed last Tuesday
nleht in the presence of the membership
only. After the ceremony the new offi-
cers and members had a good social time.
Shipping Intelligence.
4 — : — ;
ARRIVED.
'¦"«» '' ' '^_ .Sunday, January. T.
Btmr Wbiteboro, Olsen. 24 hour* fm Green
wood. .: •
Br stmr Alcoa. Hansford. 4« days fan Hong
kong, via Yokohama SO days, via Honolulu •
days. • ?-!.» .
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins. 71 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Bound port*.-
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 81 hoars from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 20 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Washtenaw. GUboy. 105 hour* from
Tacoma.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, tl hours frm Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 27 hours from Moss
Landing.*
Ship E B Button, Carver. 181 days fm Phila
delphia.
Schr Barbara Heraster. Llndberr. 43 hours
from Fort Bragg.
SAILED.
Saturday, January t.
Btmr RITaL Johnson, UeaL
Eunday. January 7.
U S stmr Bear. Tattle. San Diego.
South Coast. Olsen.
Btmr Aberdeen. Hlgglns, Portland.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman. Seattle,
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Halms, Guaymaa.
Ship Occidental. Bennett. Seattle,. .- •
Bark Germania. Mattson. Seattle.
Schr Marlon. Tosfer. Tacoma.
Schr Archie and Fontl*, Johanaen.
Schr • Sacramento, Gruggel.
Schr Surartse, Bray, Honolulu.
Bchr Reliance, Skipper, Iversecs Lading.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS-^Tan 7. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind BW; velocity 8 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per E B Button— Jan 6, Joe Koch. a Japanese
seaman was put In Irons for carrying a pistol
around the deck and threatening to kill the
chief officer and captain.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 7— BJrtn
Leslie D, h»nc» Deo 27: echr Fanny Dutard. fca
Ventura.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 7— Br stmr
Sikh, hence Jan 4; schr Maria £ Smith, from
San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan T— Stmr North Fork.
hence Jan 6; stmr San Pedro, hence Jan S; schr
Mary Buhn«. hence Jan 8.
Sailed Jan 7— Stmr Alic* Blanchard. for Coos
Bay.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 7— Btmr Mitmi, for
San Francisco. -
GREENWOOD— BaIIed Jan «-fltmr Whites
boro. for Ban Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan «— Stmr Projrreso, for
San Francisco: ship Cha* B Mocdy. for Hono
lulu.
SAN DIEGO-Salled Jan ?— Nor stmr Thyra,
for Hongkong.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jaa 7— Stmr Dispatch, ho
Jan 4.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANTLA-»Salled Jan 7— Stmr St Paul, for
Nagasaki and San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Ultonla.
from Boston.
PORTLAND. Me— Arrived Jan T— fltmr Van
councer, from Liverpool. - -
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan T— Stmr Ultonla,
from Liverpool for New York. •
OCEAN" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*„. Steamers leave Broadway
r7ri»ti wharf, San Francisco:
Kss.'^SSSl. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
I^oSvSfe Jan - 6 - 1L 1S - "• :$ - 31 - Feb -
F^vE&avXH 8 - Change to company' ssteam-
KH&SMJsBi ers at Seattle.
L£Vi^y2?J*l - For Vlct^r'-i. Vancouver
r^^e^l^i (B. C). Port Townsend. Seat-
tie, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.). 10 a, m.. Jan. 6.
11. 18 tl. 18. SL Feb. 5. and every fifth day
thereafter; change at Seattle to this company' 3
steamers for Alaska and O. N. R'y.: at Ta-
coma to N. P. R'y.: at Vancouver to C. P. R"y.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), J p. m.. Jan.
9. 14. 19. 24, 29, Feb. 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crux, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Ea9t San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. tn.. Jan. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27, 31. Feb. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angele3 and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Jan. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21, 23. 29. Feb. J. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Maiatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company a
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
ttreet (Palace Hotel). -
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st. Pan Frandsca
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Including Berth
I finC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 8. IS, 23; Feb. J. 12
ETA ! E . OF .. C .^ F^^ariV«VFeb;-T. 17
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all potnts East.
E. C WARD, General Agent.
£30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOKK, SOUTHAMPTON, L05D05. PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wefinesda?, 10 a. tn.
St. Paul .Jan. lt'Sr 1 . Paul Feb. 7
New York Jan. 24 New York... Feb. 14
St. Louis Tan. 3llSt. Louis ."."..Feb. II
RED STAR LINE.
New YorK arjd Antwerp.
"From New York every Wednesday, 11 noon.
Aragonia Jan. lTHWesternland ....Feb. 7
Frlesland Jan. 24jJKenslngton Feb. 14
Southward ......Jan. 31||Noordland Feb. 21
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
*S0 Montgomery wt.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
- ncr of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Htogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday. Jan. 18
NIPPON MARU Friday, Feb. 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. Mar. I
Via Honolulu.
Ronnd-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company** office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
f^EH&^l? Th « s - a - Australia
«g>Klil4irsalls for Honolulu
-jt ¦* ___ Wednesday, Jan. 19,
¦ y^7^\ 19C0 - at * p. m.
'S'fnjnrchinrl s - 8 - Moana san» Tts
GHMilDlliP'- Honolulu and Auckland
f°«" Sydney Wednesday.
IQllilrJQli&r Jan. 14. at 8 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Famca. New Zealand. Australia, India. Snaa.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. 0. arxriCKELS * BROS. CO.. Agts^ 114 Montgomer}
Pier 7. foot Pacific SL Freight Otfice. 327 Market SL
COKPAQMIE GENERALS TBANSATLASTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -*«;>¦
Balling every Thursday instead of <*gjTr ;>
Saturday, from November 2. 1599. at ~ ** J *- a
10 a. m., from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton St. LA CHAMPAGNE. Jan. 11; LA
AQUITAINE. Jan. IS; LA GASCOGNE. Jan.
25: LA NORMANDIE. Feb. 1. First-class to
Havre, $40 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Second class to Havre, $4S: R per
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
BAY AND BIYEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. HAYfYARDTSFVAUSoT
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tuea., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat, at 9:43
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main ISC3.
FARE 60c
United States Coast and Geodetio Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun rises . 7:28
Sun sets 5;08
Moon sets 0:19 a. m.
9
O Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
j» H W LW HW t, W
8 ... 4:51 5.7 11:40 1.1 6:05 3.8 11:00 2.3
» ... 6:42 6.9 12:4!> 0.6 7:31 3.8
LWHW L W H W
10 ... 0:01 2.7 6:35 6.0 1:62 0.1 847 4 0
11 ... 1:05 3.0 7:23 6.0 2:4S — 0.4 9:47 4 1
12 ... 2:07 8.1 8:22 6.1 3:361—0.7 10:33 4 4
13... 3:04 3.1 9:13 6.1 4:20!— 0.81 11:21 4.7
14 ... 3:56 3.0 10:00 6.01 4:59!— 0.5F.
Steamer. I
From.
I Due.
Homer Portland —...'Jan. ?
Hongkong Maru China and Japan Jan. 8
San Juan Panama Jan. 8
Eamoa Humboldt Jan.. 8
Tellus Departure Bay ;. Jan. 8
Robt. Adamson. Xanalmo Jan. 8
Wellington Departure Bay Jan. 8
Progreso Tacoma Jan. 9
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 3
Miami Seattle Jan. 9
State of Cal Portland Jan. 10
Corona San Diego Jan. 11
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. 11
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 11
Queen Victoria & Pujet Sound Jan. 12
Moana Sydney Jan. 1!
Matteawan Tacoma Jan. 12
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Jan. 12
Bonita Newport Jan. 13
Arcata .......... Coos Bay Jan. 13
Aloha ...~ Crescent City Jan. 13
Columbia ....... Portland Jan. 15
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 13
China China and Japan Jan. 15
Volumnia Hamburp Jan. 15
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Jan. S. 10 am Pier 21
Acapulco .. Panama Jan. 8, 12 m PUSS
Arcata Coos Hay Jan. 8, 10 am Pier 13
Ccquille Rv Grays Harbor Jan. 8. II m
Aloba Crescent City. Jan. 8. 3pm Pier 1
Santa Rosa San Diesro Jan. 9, 11 am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. 9. 2 pmfPler 9
Brunswick . Humboldt Jan. 9, 19 am j Pier 20
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 10. 10 am Pier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Jan. 10. 2pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 11, 9am Pier 11
Umatilla ... Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 11. 10 am Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Corona San Diego Jan. 13, 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 13, 2pm Pier 2
A Blanch'd Coos 8ay.;.... Jan. 13, ......
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 14, 9am pier t
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Jan. S. 10 am Pier 21
Acapulco .. Panama Jan. 8, 12 m PUSS
Arcata Coos Hay Jan. 8, 10 am Pier 13
Ccquille Rv Grays Harbor Jan. 8. II m
Aloba Crescent City. Jan. 8. 3pm Pier 1
Santa Rosa San Diesro Jan. 9, 11 am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt Jan. 9. 2 pmfPler 9
Brunswick . Humboldt Jan. 9, 19 am j Pier 20
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 10. 10 am Pier 13
Australia .. Honolulu Jan. 10. 2pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... Newport Jan. 11, 9am Pier 11
Umatilla ... Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan. 11. 10 am Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Jan. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Corona San Diego Jan. 13, 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan. 13, 2pm Pier 2
A Blanch'd Coos 8ay.;.... Jan. 13, ......
North Fork. Humboldt Jan. 14, 9am pier t
Steamer. I
From.
I Due.
Homer Portland —...'Jan. ?
Hongkong Maru China and Japan Jan. 8
San Juan Panama Jan. 8
Eamoa Humboldt Jan.. 8
Tellus Departure Bay ;. Jan. 8
Robt. Adamson. Xanalmo Jan. 8
Wellington Departure Bay Jan. 8
Progreso Tacoma Jan. 9
Coos Bay Newport Jan. 3
Miami Seattle Jan. 9
State of Cal Portland Jan. 10
Corona San Diego Jan. 11
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City Jan. 11
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 11
Queen Victoria & Pujet Sound Jan. 12
Moana Sydney Jan. 1!
Matteawan Tacoma Jan. 12
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Jan. 12
Bonita Newport Jan. 13
Arcata .......... Coos Bay Jan. 13
Aloha ...~ Crescent City Jan. 13
Columbia ....... Portland Jan. 15
Aberdeen Portland Jan. 13
China China and Japan Jan. 15
Volumnia Hamburp Jan. 15
O Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
j» H W LW HW t, W
8 ... 4:51 5.7 11:40 1.1 6:05 3.8 11:00 2.3
» ... 6:42 6.9 12:4!> 0.6 7:31 3.8
LWHW L W H W
10 ... 0:01 2.7 6:35 6.0 1:62 0.1 847 4 0
11 ... 1:05 3.0 7:23 6.0 2:4S — 0.4 9:47 4 1
12 ... 2:07 8.1 8:22 6.1 3:361—0.7 10:33 4 4
13... 3:04 3.1 9:13 6.1 4:20!— 0.81 11:21 4.7
14 ... 3:56 3.0 10:00 6.01 4:59!— 0.5F.Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One do§» will rtop
* coubU. Never tails. Try It. AU druggist*.
was supposed we would do, we must ad
here to the spirit of the charter and keep
all members In good standing in their po
sitions without examination or investiga
tion."
When asked whether or not he consid
ered ex-Chief of Police I. W. Lees a mem
ber of the department under this provi
sion of the charter, he said:
"No! I do not consider Mr. Lees a mem
ber of the department at the present time.
His resignation and the action of the
Board of Police Pension Commissioners
has thoroughly established his standing
and he is no longer a member of the de
partment in my opinion."
Mr. Newhall further stated that he was
puzzled over the provision of the charter
giving the commission the right to ap
point police matrons to care for female
prisoners. "Although providing for the
appointment of the matrons," said Mr.
Newhall, "the charter does not fix their
salaries, and immediately following this
provision is one fixing the salary of a
police surgeon. Whether or not we have
the right to appoint the matrons and fix
their salaries Is a question worthy of dis
cussion. A hundred such questions con
front us. but notwithstanding this fact,
the people will be pleased when we meet
to-morrow."
After reflecting a moment Mr. New
hall, referring to the coming new Chief,
said that he had met Mr. de Young, who
asked him what he was going to do in
regard to filling the now vacant office of
Chief of the department- . "I told him,
as I now tell you." said Mr. Newhall,
"that as yet I was undecided; that I
had not settled upon a choice, and per
haps would not until I had discussed the
matter further with . the other members
0* the commission and had had more op
portunity to reflect upon the matter. Tne
office to be filled is a responsible one,
and as I am partly responsible for who
ever may be given the oflice I want to
feel my way carefully and not mako a
break at the outset."
Notwithstanding Mr. Newhall's state
ment. It is known that he is pledged to
vote for Esola for Chief of Police, as was
told in The Call a few days ago.
subterfuge, Maxwell's adherents Insisted
upon their case and recalled to the ex
ecutive mind that so far as names were
concerned none at all had been men
tioned; that he had simply guaranteed not
to disturb the department. Phelan, how
ever, declined to meet the issue with any
positive statement of his Intentions, and
until Saturday it was not known just what
course he would take. Then, however,
sufficient facts were obtained to make it
certain that he proposed to keep his sec
ond contract and seat Gorman. Mr. Max
well and his friends promptly retained
Attorney McEnerney, and to-day or to
morrow he will be prepared to file his
suit.
Mr. MpEnerney proposes to use the
charter Itself to force Phelan to make
good his promises. The complaint will set
forth that Maxwell has served the de
partment well and faithfully for twenty
years and that the charter provides spe
cifically that no officers In the depart
ment may be removed save for Incompe
tency or neglect of duty.
Maxwell and his friends are fighting
with a double purpose; primarily to main
tain Mr. Maxwell in his position, second
arily to keep the 60-calfed reform or
ganization strictly to the letter and spirit
of the charter and prevent them from
using that Instrument as a political club
with which to beat their way to absolute
and perennial supremacy. Mr. Mc-
Enerney is confident that the charter will
prevent the double-handed, game the
Mayor Is attempting to work, and he
points out that, unless incompetency and
neglect can be proved against his client,
he cannot be removed. As Maxwell's
name has never been brought to dis
credit or his ability questioned, there is
little chance that he can or will be thrown
out.
NEW POLICE COMMISSIONERS
TO ORGANIZE AT NOON TO-DAY
NEW CHAPTER GOES
INTO EFFECT TO DAY.
ters of Oakland's dry goods establish
ments. They had learned that the great
State of New York insisted that "mer
chants provide seats for their lady clerks
in all stores and shops wherever possi
ble." and not desiring to wait for relief un
til California's Legislature met, they ap
pealed to the ladies of their city to take
up the crusade for their suffering sisters
and make a local law by common consent
and the force of their own arguments.
They went further, and suggested that
If the women of the State would refuse
to trade with merchants who did not en
ter Into the spirit of the agitation, the
flght would be won without striking a
blow or awaiting tho Blowly grinding
mills of the law.
That was but a few days ago. Now,
sections 5 and 6, chapter V, statutes of
California, ISSa, is the liveliest law on the
books. All that is lacking to maKe it use
ful is a disposition on the part of the La
bor Commissioner to enforce it, and make
his official position something more than
a tax-eatinf political "soft snap."
Unfortunately for the shop girls and
the lady clerks. Labor Commissioner F. V.
Meyers has not startled the community
with vis activity, but prominent women
all over the State are putting their heads
together, discussing the resolutions adopt-
Ed by the Mothers* Union of Golden Gate
and are preparing for action. Mr. Meyers
will hear irom them later. If ho does
not find himself a big enough man to
grasp the situation he will have cause for
regret.
Governor Gage's appointee to the office
of Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor
Statistics learned of the "seat law" about
two weeks ago, and it was an Oakland
woman who "put him wise." She had a
relative working in one of the stores of
the Athens, whose health was becoming
undermined because she was forced by
a tyrannical employer to remain on her
feet during working hours at times when
there was not a customer in the store.
Mr. Meyers Investigated the case and
found the situation as stated. He asked
the storekeeper if he would "please" pro
vide his lady clerks with chairs. The pro
prietor said that ho would think about It,
and there the matter ended, so far as Mr.
Meyers is concerned. He admits that he
received information no later than last
Saturday that the Oakland storekeeper
had wot complied with the law, but he
has not evinced any Intention of forcing
him to obey. This is not the only
case of the kind in the city across the
bay. Mr. Meyers says so himself, but he
has done nothing to bring about a change.
He believes that the law Is being obeyed
In San Francisco, for the reason that no
one has complained to him. His office is
at 927 Market street, room 326, where he
whiles away the time waiting for some
tired lady clerk to register a "kick"
against her employer. When this happens
the Labor Commisioner Is going to do
something. But he does not expect any
thing of the kind to occur, for, he says,
any woman who would complain of her
employer would stand a mighty good
chance of losing her situation.
Mr. Meyers offers many excues for hl3
inactivity, but he fails to suggest a single
feasible reason— and there is a vast differ
ence between an excuse and a reason.
In an interview yesterday Mr. Meyers
said :
"This department should not be blamed
for the conditions as they exist in regard
to the lady clerks. It is impossible, with
the means at our command, to create a
patrol system to see that the storekeepers
WOULD SETTLE
THEIR SCORE
WITH BLOOD
Another Shooting in
Chinatown.
Fan Chat, a butcher residing at 841
Washington street, was shot In the right
hip by Yuen Sing and Hoy Tong as he
passed out of the Jackson-street theater
on to Washington alley about 1 o'clock
this morning. The shooting Is supposed
to have been done by members of the Hop
Sing Tong, who sought to avenge the
death of three of their members at the
hands of the Suey Sings.
According to the statement of Jim Mc-
Millln, a witness, who stood on the corner
of Jackson street and Washington alley,
the two highbinders lay In wait for their
victim on the steps leading to a basement
near the entrance of the playhouse. When
Fan Chat passed out of the place they al
lowed' him to walk six feet from where
they were stationed, and then they fired
simultaneously. One bullet struck the
butcher in the right hip and the other
missed him.
He fell to the sidewalk with a scream
of pain, and the men who attempted to
kill him made a desperate attempt to es
cape.
The two rushed in the direction of
Washington street, and one entered the
Washington alley entrance to the corner
house. The other escaped around on
\vashlngton street and entered the same
building.
The shot attracted the attention of James
and George Downey, special policeman,
and other officers. Some of the police fol
lowed the first man into the place, and
others who were on Washington street
were close on the trail of the second high
binder. The two would-be murderers came
together where the halls in the place
meet, and noting the approach of the of
ficers attempted to hide their guns. One,
which was afterward found by the onicers,
had been deposited in an ash barrel. One
shot had been fired from it.
The men were taken prisoners and sent
to the Central Police Station. Fan Chat's
injuries may prove fatal If the bullet
has entered the abdominal cavity, but It
Is not yet known If It has.
WOMEN UNITE
TO HELP THE
SHOP GIRLS
RcsolutTons of the Mothers'
Union Find Many Sup
porters.
AWAY back In ISS9, when a law was
enacted requiring shopkeepers to
provide seats for their female em
ployes, it was the intention that
it should be enforced. The pas
sage of the act was the result of agita
tion started by women who sympathized
with their sex and believed that the
saleslady and the shop girl were deserv
ing of humane treatment. The Commis
sioner of Labor was the official dslgnated
to carry out the provisions of the law,
and when the idea was new and the
women who had started the crusade were
watching him, he saw to it that when
tired shop girls were not actually en
gaged In the work for which they were
employed, they were provided with a com
fortable seat on which to rest their weary
bodies.
The better class of storekeepers were
not antagonistic to the law. Experience
taught them that their employes worked
more cheerfully and that their services
were more valuable when they were
treated as the law directed. But like a
great many provisions of the statutes, in
activity on the part of ofllcials paid to
enforce them, relegated the law to the
graveyard.
The statute was forgotten. The girls
who worked In stores stood up during the
hours of service, and the derelict official
continued to draw his pay just the same.
The girls remembered the law, but not
one of them dared register a complaint
for fear that the penalty would bo her
dismissal.
It remained for the Mothers' Union of
Golden Gate to renew the fight so suc
cessfully waged in 18S9. So little had been
done toward enforcing the California law
that the union did not even know of Its
existence. Their attention had been at
tracted by the wan faces of the unfor
tunate shop girls and the tired expres
sions of the lady clerks behind the coun-
BQWEN
& CO
Not a family but needs some of tho
articles offered these tliree days at re-
duced prices
All are from our regular stock— goods
we are proud of— goods we'll take back
of valuable brands
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— reg'ly 50c lb 40C
Ten flavors— you surely are partial
to one — there are also 10c packages
of all kinds of tea— just to try—
at all the stores
Coffee— Crescent blend 2OC
reg'ly 25c lb— roast or ground
wash the coffee pot every night
and dry thoroughly
Pickl.eS— Pin Monty 20C 3OC 60C
Cucumbere — mixed — peppers and
mangoes— reg'ly 25c \ pt 40c pt
70c qt— put up by a woman In
Richmond Virginia 'pon honor
LJSterine— our regular price bot6sC
Toi let SOap-^ American 3 cakes 2OC
reg'ly 25c— pleasant odors
Cranberries gallon 25c
Chestnuts— Italian lOC
reg'ly 15c lb
for stuffing
Mint sauce— reg'ly 30c 25C
When you've made Its acquaintance
you'll appreciate It like a Kentucky
colonel does his mint julep
Whisky— OW Crow and Hermitag*
Old Crow Bourbon 1889 bot $1 25 $1
4 iSSggal 5 4
Hermitage Rye 1886 bot 1 so im
1886 gal 6 450
Mustard— Dandicolle&Gaudin \ 5c
reg'ly 20c bot— French preserved
Baking powder-^ce&ior ib 30c
reg'ly 40c lb 5 lb tin $1 25
Not as expensive to buy as the
expensive brands — but as
expensive to make
Rock and rye £i
reg'ly $1251 25 full quart
pure rye whisky and Gerraaa
rock candy— for colds
Butter— reg'ly 50c square 45c
If it isn't first-rate we'll not
ask you to keep it
Tooth SOap— Wright's 1 re
reg'ly 20c jar
aromatic — cleansing
Bit Cigars
Most folks have a hobby— something
they pay particular attention to— the
f«°r%? f our^'P r department is cigars
for a bit— good long smokes in imported
La Meridiana
Villary Villar
Comercial
vSend postal for January catalozue^
send us your inquiries about prias-SS
and what not-you'll get a prompt r?p?
snch barbarism. She also believed that
men should be allowed to sit down.
"I have often wondered, said Mrs.
Ames, "why a petition was not started to
compel proprietors to look after the wel
fare of their salesmen and saleswomen. It
would be wise on their part to furnish
these necessary comforts, as attentions
of this kind would, in my opinion, ma^e
employes strive all the harder to advance
the employer's Interests. I would like to
see Just such a law as was passed by the
New York Legislature put In force in this
State. It Is a humane enactment, for it
tends to lessen the. hardships endured by
those who are compelled to stand on Their
feet for hours in order to earn their live
lihood." '¦ ¦
Mrs. Jewett, a leading member of the
California Club, is a firm believer in the
action taken by the Oakland ladles. She
will also add her views at the board meet
ing of the organization this morning
when the matter Is brought up for discus
sion Without a moment's hesitation Mrs.
Jewett pronounced the action of the Moth
ers' Union proper. She has always savored
the reform that would brighten the life
of the toilers of her sex. and was gratified
to read of others working In the same dl
"I am certainly In favor of having the
merchants furnish their employes with
seats behind the counters," she said. "It
is not only helpful to the young women
who stand on their feet, but it Is an en
couragement to them to know that their
comforts are being looked after. A short
rest during the busy day places them In
a better condition to work, and in the end
the employer is the gainer. I am surprised
that proprietors of dry goods stores have
not added this Innovation. Instead of wait-
Ing until Its need is pointed out to their."
All this has a cheering sound and leads
to the belief that the shop girls* morning
greeting In the near future will be: "La
dies, be seated."
Money talks— but it converses with only
tho favored few. ¦ -
Trapper*! Oil cures rheumatism & nvuraJgia.
Crugflata, We Caak. Richard* i Co, 404 Clay.
Hammered With a Bat.
Chris Brannan was beaten severely In
a saloon at 509 Pacific street last evening
by the proprietor, Pletro Altilas. Bran
nan was taken to me Harbor Hospital,
where it was found he was dangerously
if not fatally injured. Altilas was arrest
ed on a charge of assault to murder. The
row was over a dice game and a base
ball bat was the weapon used.
Save money by buying your blank
books, printing and all oflice supplies for
1900 from Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market
street.,, :,:.-i-vv *
obey the law. I will certainly give atten
tion to every complaint that Is made to
me and will prosecute where the offender
refuses to obey the law, but the difficulty
is In getting the empolyes to complain to
us. They fear that if they do so they
will lose their situations, and rather than
run the risk they prefer to endure their
sufferings in silence. I have dropped Into
several stores In San Francisco and I
have not noticed anything that would
give cause for complaint."
Mr. Meyers probably does not forget to
draw his pay whenever It Is due. He Is
certainly paid for doing something. The
law provides that "it shall be the duty
of the Commissioner of the Bureau of La
bor Statistics to enforce the provisions of
this act," referring to sections 5 and 6
of chapter V. Mr. Meyers might consti
tute a very useful patrol all by himself
if he did not find his office chair so com
fortable and the surroundings of his
apartments at 927 Market street so ex
tremely attractive as to demand most of
his official attention.
But the lady clerks need not despair.
Stronger agencies are working in their be
half than the Incumbent of a political of
fice. The appeal of the Mothers' Union
has been answered. Prominent ladles of
this side of the bay have taken up the
subject and considerably more than dis
cussion will characterize their actions.
The California Club, one of the represent
ative women's organizations of the city,
will take the matter up to-day at a meet
ing of the board. Prominent ladles all
over the city express a determination to
lend their assistance to the crusade and
make the fight for the lady clerks a win
ning one.
While some of them ar© loth to place
themselves on record, they heartily favor
the reform that will tend to lighten the
burdens of the members of their sex
who are compelled to gain their liveli
hood in the capacity of saleswomen.
Mrs. E. B. Pond, wife of the ex-Mayor
and prominent in slclal circles; said:
"I have noticed wherever I have gone
In this city that the girls are allowed
to sit down. They seem to be well taken
care of and are happy and contented. I
don't believe In interfering with the
merchants if they try to do what is
right, but If the men who conduct stores
In Oakland do not permit their sales
women to rest when not busy I hope
they will Bee their mistake and will fol
low the example of local merchants and
provide seats for their employes."
Mrs. Lovell White, president of the
California Club, stated that she would
bring the matter before the organization
at its session this morning. She stated
that she read the resolutions adopted by
the ladles across the bay and approved
their action. In part she said:
"The California Club will discuss the
matter at Its board meeting to-day. I
think it unwise to begin any reform until
you have thoroughly Investigated the
situation. Seats are provided for the
saleswomen of this city. The merchants
are our friends and should not be criti
cized unless they deserve it. If the Oak-
DISMISSAL IS THE
PRICE OF RESTING
FOR the past three years Mrs.
John Pettee has labored early
and late in behalf of the
young women who are com
pelled to earn their livelihood be
hind the counters of the dry-goods
stores of thl3 city. Aa a member
of the Vigilante Society she made
a personal tour of the stores and
Investigated the condition of the
young women employed. Upon
reading the resolutions adopted
by the Mothers' Union she said
the merchants of San Francisco
were as much to blame as their
brethren In Oakland. .>.
"I know scores of young girls
working for small salaries," she
said, "who after their day's work
are unable to move because of the
terrible pains they suiter, due to
being compelled to stand on their
feet for hours at a stretch. Their
employers have obeyed the letter
of the law by placing seats be
hind the counters, but It would
be worth a girl's position If she
were caught sitting down."
land business men are not humane enough
to provide resting places for their em
ployes, their attention ought to be called
to this neglect of their employes' health
and comfort."
Mrs. Samuel G. Murphy, wife of the
president of the First National Bank. Is
of the opinion that if seats are provided
for the young women who are employed
in the various establishments It would
be conducive to their health and comfort.
In speaking on the resolutions adopted
by the Mothers' Union she said:
"I was greatly surprised to learn that
dry -goods stores did not provide proper
comforts for their female employes. To
my mind it Is inhumane for the pro
prietors not to allow their saleswomen to
sit down during business hours. It would
be materially to their comfort and tend
to lengthen their lives if the girls so em
ployed were given seats to rest during
their weary hours of toil.* I was always
of the opinion that all dry-goods stores
looked after the health and comfort of
their employes, but judging by the stand
taken by the Mothers' Union the mer
chants are lax in their methods. I hope
that the defect will be remedied."
Mrs. Pelham Ames said it was an out
rage that seats were not given to the
girls employed In dry goods establish
ments. She thought that if an employer
was so Inhumane. as not to furnish the
necessary resting places for his help they
ought to take courage and revolt against
POLICE Commissioners Blggy. New
hall and Thomas paid a visit to
the City Hall yesterday and In
spected tne several branches of the
police department.
Dr. McNutt, the fourth member of the
board, was unable to accompany his fel
low Commissioners on their tour on ac
count of a pressing business engagement.
After familiarizing themselves with the
workings of the department the Com
missioners, out of courtesy, called on
Mayor Phelan. An Informal discussion
about police matters was then held, but
no definite action was taken.
The Commissioners will meet at noon
to-day. After organizing and formally
taking possession of the records and doc
uments of the old board, they will adjourn
until Wednesday evening, when it is prob
able they will elect a successor to I. W.
Lees. Esola's friends claim they have
the flght won. Thc-y unreservedly assert
that he will receive the appointment by
a unanimous vote of the board. Captain
"VVittman's supporters are hoping for a
deadlock. "Wlttman, he of the cold feet,
wi»l then be entered In the race, with no
chance of success. Commissioner Newhall,
when seen last night, said:
"It is not true that we have taken a
ballot with the object of determining
which candidate has the most supporters.
The other members of the commission
agree with me that we have no legal right
to select a Chief of Police until we have
taken our seats, and for this reason we
have refrained from discussing the mat
ter. However, we will have something to
give you to-morrow, which no doubt will
please the public.
"A matter which has occasioned con
siderable discussion among the members
of the board Is that clause of the charter
providing for all "members of the police
force' in good standing at the time the
new commission takes office to retain
their positions without civil service ex
amination. It Is my opinion that instead
or organizing a new department, as
TO-DAT or to-morrow Garret W.
McEnerney, as counsel, will file suit
against the newly appointed Fire
Commission to compel that body to
keep one of Mayor Phelan' s numer
ous and broken pre-election pledgee
by retaining George Maxwell In the
secretaryship of the department.
At that time In the late campaign when
the Mayor felt the need of votes strong
upon him he called In the political man
agers of the fire brigade, and after much
dickering gave, in return for Its voting
strength, his guarantee that If elected he
would not disturb the present Fire De
partment.
Later, as the gama got hotter, Mr.
Phelan was compelled to "talk business"
with other Interests controlling large
blocks of votes, and notwithstanding his
cast-iron promise to the fire officials he
wound up by promising to unseat George
Maxwell, the secretary of the commission,
and put In his place Joseph C. Gorman,
ex-secretary of the State Board of Exam
iners.
A short time ago Maxwell came Into
Information which led him to suspect that
Mayor Phelan was going to give him the
double cross. His friends called upon the
executive and reminded him of the prom
ise he had made before election, but he at
tempted to avoid the Issue. He was final
ly forced to announce himself definitely,
however, and claimed that in the bar
gain that was struck Maxwell's name had
not been mentioned.
Although taken aback at so shallow a
ADVEBTISEMEUTS. , ,
We Leg to announce the first ar-
rival of NEW FOULARD SILKS
for season 1900. In the assortment
are thirtß-fiye new designs, includ-
ing all the newest color effects, such
as NATIONAL, MORDORE, MARINE,
ARGENT, RESEDA and VIOLET,
SEE OUR WINDOW DISPLAY.
This week we will also offer the follow-
ing extraordinaro values in DRESS GOODS,
BLACK GOODS and RIBBON DEPARTMENTS!
52, 54 and 58 Inch Genuine All- Wool HOME-SPUN
CHEVIOTS, in LIGHT GRAYS, MEDIUM GRAYS,
DARK GRAYS and OXFORD GRAYS, seasonable,
stylish and serviceable.
Price $1.00 Yard.
REGULAR VALUE $1.50.
One case (30 pieces) BLACK MOHAIR CREPONS, vepu
lustrous Ilnlsh and a good varletu of new designs.
F»rice> $1.25 Yard.
700 pieces NEW SATIN LUSTRE TAFFETA RIBBON,
3i Inches wide, warranted all pure silk, In all
. the new shades; also WHITE, CREAM, PINKS,
BLUES and CARDINAL.
F»ric© 15c Yard.
- 1291 *v Xsr $t\r£l^Ztr
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Government
Will Change
at Noon.
Numerous Con
tests Arise to
Mar the Cere
mony.
Sheehan Barricades
His Office and Will
Offer Armed Re
sistance.
O-DAT is the day of the charter.
TThe new era will open promptly at
noon, and those young men and
those twice young men whom
Mayor Phelan has selected to wipe
up the last traces of a dead and
gone silurianism and eet in mo
tion San Francisco's brand-new munici
pal machinery will take the offices and
records of their predecessors at that
hour. Incidental to the setting In motion
of tho very complicated mechanism
there is always more or less friction,
end the setting up of the charter bids
lair to be no exception to the rule. In
fact it will likely require tho best ef
forts cf Mayor Phelan and tho assistance
of several squads of police and & couple
of court* of proper Jurisdiction to put it
cu'etly and peaceably into effect.
Just wliat are to be the results of char
ter rule cannot, of course, be foretold.
The changes are radical in every depart
ment, and even the veterans in toe sci
ence of municipal government will have
some trouble in harmonizing their new
duties. The charter, or rather the ap
pointments made by Mayor Phelan under
Its provisions, have already resulted in a
markej change in. the geographical lines
of the city. The line between "New San
Francisco" and the old town Is plainly
drawn, as can be seen by a casual pe
rusai of his Honor's list of Commission
ers. Under the consolidation act San
Francisco consisted of everything within
the county line. As Indicated by the
Mayor's appointments, the new city con
cists of only that section of the town
north of the Market street cable slot. In
the commissions or out of them the dis
trict south of the new dividing lino has
but one representative, Keuben H. Lloyd,
appointed to the Park Commission, and
ilr. Lloyd's duties are co numerous that
iie is obliged to spend the greater portion
of his time at the Pacific Union Club,
and is able to get south among his con
6tituer.ts only infrequently.
To-day will be marked with no blare of
trumpets or any touching ceremonial, but
there will be no dearth of Interesting in
cident for the entertainment of those who
4jo out to see the new dawn breait over
the City liall. The Board of Health per
sists in its contention that it is a State
body a.nci outside the jurisdiction of the
charter. It proposes to prove its conten
tion by declining to give over Its office
to its successor. Mayor Phelan. on the
other hand, proposes to prove its «rror
•with the assistance of a hijuaa ol ponce,
which he has notitied to be on hand this
morning. Tax Collector Sheehan also pro
poses toftgiii and to Keep Joseph H. Scott,
bis successor, out of office. He hats barri
caded all of the doors, changed the locks,
removed the door knobs and bolted down
every window, so that it cannot be opened
•waui a crowbar.
All day yesterday he and a score of his
employes were at work turning his offices
into an arsenal and removing the official
records out of the reach of Scott and
every one else. Last ni^ht he and his
men remained all night locked up in the
oflice, watched from the outside by
Scott's newly appointed attaches. Scott
proposes to take possession of the office
to-day at noon, no matter what the cost,
and as a preliminary step last night sent
the following letter to Mayor Phelan:
Hon. James I>. Pl;e!an. Mayor— 6ir: I am tho
fiuly elected Tax Collector of San Francisco,
And under the charter my term of oftice be
gins to-morrow, Monday. January 8. IWM), at
12 o'clock noon.
I am advised that the present incumbent. Mr.
Sheehnn, whose term will expire at the same
time and hour, lias barricaded all the doors
and screwed and belted all the windows of the
Tax Collector' b of flee. and. behind these barri
cade*, propose*, with armed men. to preclude
my entry upon the duties of my office.
" In order that 1 may perform the duties de
volving upon nic under the law I respectfully
r«Gue»t you as the Mayor and chief executive
of Ban Kranc:»co, under the authority and by
virtue of the power vested in you, forthwith,
•ad »rJor to the hour of 12 o'clock noon to
morrow. Monday January i>, I!w0, to cause to
be removed all the barricades and obstructions
now In the Tax Collector's oftice and unlaw
fully and without rUht plated there by Mr.
Bhethan.
It would be a regrettable commentary on the
conditions of our law and the po^er of our
executive officials to tolerate «uch blockading
and barricading of a public office acaltist the
public and the duly elected titular incumbent
thereof. Very rezjrectfully.
JOSEPH 11. SCOTT.
Tax Collector-Elect.
Mayor Phelan has as yet made no re
ply ana it was strongly nlnted last night
that he was Inclined to take Sneehans
end of the light on account of the interest
of Richard iJoolan. the defeated Demo
cratic candidate for the office. It has
been said that Mayor Phelan Is the last
person in the world who should be finicky
on a matter of questionable residence.
Scott, will be on hand this morning with
his attorneys, and although he Intends to
take drastic measures, will take every
step ujon legal advice.
The new Board of Public Works seems
about evenly divided among the engineer-
Ing firm of Mendell. Manson & Grunsky.
and it looks as though the city were soon
to be generously taken into partnership
with that firm. Both Mendel! ar* M ;in _
son are members of the commission.
Adair Mendcil. a son of the Commissioner.
Is to be. appointed assistant secretary, and
Charles Grunsky, the third member of
the firm. Is to be made chief engineer. The
discovery was made yesterday that the
firm's oflice boy has not been made pro
vision for and The Call Insists that the
epirit of the charter be maintained and
the present etlouette in reiorm circles be
considered and some suitable a*<l profit
able place be found for the remaining
representative of the firm.
Andrew Donovan will serve the board as
Superintendent of Streets. The PJvil Ser
vice Commission will hold competitive ex
aminations this morning to decide who
phall be Us secretary. Those who will take
the examination* are Lawrence Welch.
Km.l Pohll, A. D. d'Ancona and George
MfComb.
Tax Collector Scntt had a consultation
festerday afternoon nt his place of busi
ness on Hayes street with his deputies,
whom he has pelleted as follows: Chief
fieputy, Ben Solomon; cashier, Oscar
Piirtaz; hoad bookkeeper, James W. Mc-
Catx>; cashier of licenses. Harry Baehr;
mllector of delinquent taxes. Frank V.
Hayn^s; deputies— Edward J. Casey. Wil
liam T. Howes. Frank Kelly. John Fitx
reraM. Maurice I^evy, Claire F. Knurr,
Ben Tx-vy, A. Jones, Edward J. Fltz
rcralfl. J. H. Kelson. Fred Seyden. Harry
D. Byrne. Georpe Fiddes, John H. Hegler
The Board of Public Works will api
point Tim O'Neill head Janitor of the
blty Hall. O'Neill formerly held the
position and will have under him the
present force of Janitors, all of whom
trill be Temporarily appointed. The fol
lowing are the appointments which will
*c announced by the board as soon as it
issumes office to-day: Janitors — Charles
McDermott, Goorxe H. Bousack. Joseph
ffardy. W. McPherson. M. Bushway
Thomas Mullin. P. Russrln, W. Bannoh
r. Holland. J. F. Ryan. Jame* F. Brodle
peter Mareno. A. T. Hynes, Eugene King.
Nicholas Fitzgerald, Thomas Caulny.
Daniel Crane, James Graham: night
sratrhman, J. Kirkpa trick; carpenter. P.
f. Lynch: elevator conductor. L B. Haw
thorne; firemen— Edward Keegan, T. P
to do this with the rank and file of the
party, whom he ignored In the general
distribution of favors, tho Mayor had
started Fay out through the city and was
offering to each of the eighteen Assembly
districts four positions at the City Hall
under the charter government. In all Fay
was given seventy-two places to dole out
as an inducement to get back Into line
and quit kicking. Just where the Mayor
got them all cannot be determined, if the
Mayor observed hia declaration that he
proposes to squarely enforce the civil ser
vice law.
There are not that many positions out
side the Fire Department which are ex
empt from the civil service rule, and if
each district is to get a parcel of four
places the successful candidates in the
civil service examinations will have to win
out in remarkable divisions to meet th«
Mayor's programme.
Whether or not the newly appointed
commissioners have consented to the
Mayor's plan is not known, but it is haxd
ly probable when it is considered that the
seventy-two positions he proposes to hand
out will leave nothing at all at their dis
posal; and nearly all of them have made
more promises than they could hope to
fulfill. Notwithstanding these questions,
however. Fay is already doing the city
and passing out "bunches of four" right
and left, the only consideration being that
the "kicks" chall cease and every one get
back Into line and whoop matters up for
civil service and civic reform.
O'Nell; plumbers— P. J. Johnston, B. Nel
linan.
The present Board of Supervisors will
meet this morning at 10:30 o'clock In order
to make everything ready for the new
board, which will take possession prompt
ly at noon. John A. Russell will prob
ably act as chief clerk and the present
clerical force will be retained for the
present.
Quarters have now been provided for
nearly all of the commissions. The Board
of Public Works will occupy the rooms
now used by Superintendent of Streets
Fragley, the Election Commission will po
into the apartments now used by Regis
trar Steppacher, and the Civil Service
Commission will take the quarters of the
Election Commission. The Police and
Fire commissions will meet as at present.
m
FAY IS PHELAN'S BROKER
Using Patronage to Mollify His
Disgruntled Partisans.
Mayor Phelan has appointed Charlie Fay
his political broker and has given into his
hands the disposition- of what the Mayor
figures is enough patronage to square
tne army of kickers that rose up in dis
gust when his appointments were an
nounced, and to nut a stop to the discord
ant howl of condemnation that has gone
up from all, except club circles.
It was learned yesterday that in order
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1900.
PHELAN WILL BE FORCED
TO KEEP HIS PROMISES
George Maxwell to Sue the
Fire Commissioners,
In Return for Votes the Mayor Agreed
Not to Disturb the Department, but
Now He Seeks to Break the Bargain.
THE LAW AND THE LADY.
ip^VERY person, firm or corporation employing: females in any manu
re facturlng. mechanical or mercanUle establishment shall provide Bulta
i h=a t»le seats for the use of the females so employed, and shall permit the
use of said seats by them when they are not necessarily engaged in the active
duties for which they are employed.
"Any person or corporation violating any of th© provisions of this act
shall be punished by a flne of not less than fifty dollars nor more than one
hundred dollars for each offense.
"It shall be the duty of the Commissioner of the Bureau of Labor Sta
tistics to enforce the provisions of this act."— Statutes of California. 1889
Chapter V.
10