H. B. Mi Torpedo Boat Destroyer Virago Off Flattery Light.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— A speech
sensational in Its Interest and
international in its importance
¦was delivered In the Senate tc
day by Hale of Maine. The
occasion of the utterance was
the simple question whether a resolution
Introduced by Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska
calling for Information as to the recogni
tion by this country of diplomatic repre
sentation of the Transvaal republic
should be directed to the President or to
the Secretary of State. Hale made the
question the text of an impassioned
speech, in which he declared that nine
tenths of the American people sympa
thized with the Boera in their gallant
struggle for liberty against one of the
greatest powers In the world. He de
clared that the war which Great Britain
was waging was the most fatal blow at
human liberty that had been struck in
the century. He denied that the Ameri
can people were "in sympathy with Great
Britain in the South African war to
stamp out the liberty of the people," and
when Balfour In the House of Commons
made such a statement "he should be met
with some disclaimer from this side of
the Atlantic." He declared that the Eng
gllsh people themselves were not in favor
of this war, which "had been brought on
by a sharp Cabinet Minister engaged with
gold speculators."
Hale spoke with unusual force, decisive
ness and earnestness, even for him, and
his passionate* eloquence claimed the
closest attention of every auditor. Th*
resolution, which previous to Hales
speech had caused a sharp colloquy be
tween Allen and Spooner (R.) of Wiscon
sin, was passed finally as amended.
When the question was taken up a
debate ensued between Allen. Spooner.
Teller and Hale. The resolution was
finally amended so as to call on the Pres
ident, "If not incompatible with public
Interests," to supply the Information.
Spooner declared It was a piece of gross
Impudence to call upon the Secretary of
State for. confidential information, for
which the President alone was responsi
ble.
In a brief speech In opposition to the
amendment Teller said he would not say
a word that would be offensive co the
Government of Great Britain, yet h« felt
hie sympathy go out to the Transvaal re
public in! its great contest at arms witn
England. Hale of Maine said he could
"not believe any accredited representative
rof the , Transvaal republic had been re
jected-by the President. Said he:
• •'I should. deem. that a most unfortunate event
If It occurred.' I have heard that irresponsi
ble,' unaccredited persons perhaps. United
States citizens, have appeared in Washington
claiming to represent the gallant people who
are struggling for liberty, but no such mis
sion could : be recognized. I have* yet to be
made to believe . that any duly accredited rep
resentative of • that ' brave people of . . South
Africa has appeared before the President . o(
rf"**« PEABMANS CAMP, 11:10 a. m., Jan. 20.— Through the success attending the sortie by the forces of
hT~SI Lord Dundor.ald. the British gained control of an easy entrance to L&dysmith. The enemy's communi
cations with the Free State are cut. The bombardment of the Boer lines continued with great vigor this
(Saturday) morning. The reply was feeble and desultory. Warren is advancing steadily. There have been no
losses. A carriage drawn by sixteen mules was seen to dash into the Boer lines to-day. It is supposed it con
tained Joubert or a French general. The weakness of the Boer reply to the British advance causes surprise. Pre
cautions are taken against a surprise.
LADYSIinH, Jan. 17 (via Spearmans Camp, Jan. 19). — Everything is quiet. The position is un
changed and there is very little bombardment. The welcome sound .of the relief column was heard yesterday
from Colenso and Springfield. The heat is intense, but there is no increase of sickness.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her- i
aid. Copyrighted, WOO. by James Gordon ]
Bennett. "
LONDON, Jan. 20.— Up to 4 o'clock
this morning no further dispatches
have been received, but there is
every indication that a big figbt for
the west road will take place to
day, if it did not commerce ye«
<lay, when General Warren was reported
to be advancing steadily at noon. But it
Is hardly possible that all the artillery -if
Warrtn and Lyttelton was across the
drifts yesterday morning. These indica
tions, as well as Warren's long march,
point to serious business to-day (Satur
day). *
According to the latest dispatches the
British have continued their forward
movement and are petting nearer at every
point to the Boer positions, while the
Boers on their part are rapidly adding to
the strength of their intrtnehments and
reinforcing their army from Colenso to
LadyKmith. This fact, which appears, in
almost every dispatch, suggests that per
haps when the Boers have concentrated
in front of Buller and Warren the pvm
r:pal British attack may take place, as
criminally intended, at Colenso. in which
r« :;,-hborhood General Clery with at least
11.000 men is supposed to be and from
¦whose camp nothing has been heard for
come five days, but that fact has been
lost sight of in the intensity of the gaze
directed upon the big movement on 'he
left. General Warren has continued his
flank movement. '
Lord Dundonald and his mounted mm,
having done their work at Potgieters
Drift by seizing the hill which gave tne
crossing safely into Lyttelton's nan£s.
have been passed over to Warren, who
used them on his extreme left, to the wr;st
of Acton Homes, where they have seized
some kopjes. This movement has a
double value. Lord Dundonald is now
actually on the direct line of retreat of
the Free Staters, and is edging around
gradually to the rear of the Boer posi
tion, the right of which is at a great hill
called Fpion Kop.
The Boers' position is threatened in
frcnt by General Lyttelton's brigade and
on the right flank by Warren's force,
¦which is said to be steadily advancing.
The situation last evening was as fol
lows:
General Warren, having made an ad
vance of five miles and having sent Lord
Dundonald to his left bank, is in posses
sion of some kopjes which command a
ravine behind Spion Kop. The British
troops are in a semicircle round the Boer
position, the northern end of the forma
tion, where Lord Dundonald's command
Is. being slightly bent back. Lyttelton's
brigade advanced two miles toward the
Boers' position at Brakfcntein, which is
about four miles north of Potgieters
Drift. The Boers would not show them
ec-lves, but the howitzers and naval guns
LONDON, Jan. 19.— The
Standard's correspondent at
Ladysmith wires that George
W. Stevens, the war corre
spondent, is dead. He died of
enteric fever at Ladysmith on
Monday night. Mr. Stevens
was a brilliant writer, and the
author of "With Kitchener to
Khartoum." Mr. Stevens has
been with the British forces in
South Africa as correspondent
for the London Mail, the New
York Herald and the San
Francisco Call.
on Mount Alice. South Tugera, directed
by the information secured by a balloon
reconnoissance, were able to do much
damage to the Boer trenches. Under
cover of this fire Lyttelton's men took up
a. strong position behind some ridges fac
ing the Boers.
With the force in this position it seems
Impossible that any great length of time
can elapse before a decisive battle is
fought. From the disposition of Buller's
troops it would seem probable that as
soon as Warren's turning movement is
completed and Lord Dundonald advances,
still in touch with Warren, sealing the
district line retreat to the Free State,
then General Lyttelton. supported prab
ably by General Hildyard's brigade, will
make an attack.
BRITISH CONTROL THE
ROAD TO LADYSMITH
LONDON. Jan. 20.— A dispatch to the
Daily Telegraph from Spearmans Farm,
or Camp, as the correspondents now de
erribo it. dealing with Lord Dundonald's
movement to the west of General War
ren's force, already cabled, says:
"His success gives us control of an easy
entrance to Ladyrmith. Our guns con
tinue to bombard the Boer lines, the Boers
replying but feebly. General Warren is
advancing steadily."
The Standard publishes the following,
dated Thursday, from Spearmans Farm:
"It is reported that the Boers opposite
Colenso. on finding that General Buller
had outmaneuvered them, crossed to the
south of the Tugela on Monday and set
fire to all the houses in the village. As
the force from Chieveley advanced the
Boers retired before them to trenches on
a hill in line with Colenso. Our infantry
advanced to the attack in skirmishing or
der, followed by supports and reserves,
our cavalry scouting on the right close
up to the river. The Boer forces at Co-
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—
It is stated in an au
thoritative quarter that
if Montagu White is equipped
with proper credentials from
the Transvaal Government he
will be received as its repre
sentative by the administra
tion.
General O'Beirne's rejection
was ostensibly due to his
American citizenship, but
there is no doubt that the au
thorities would have preferred
that the matter of the Trans
vaal representation be left un
determined. However, when
Mr. White calls at the State
Department Secretary Hay
will see him and his status
will then be determined.
There is every reason to be
lieve that if his mission is to
secure an expression of sym
pathy from the President in
behalf of his Government, or
the intervention of that offi
cial, it will fail, as it is re
iterated that the administra
tion will not interfere unless
Great Britain should intimate
her willingness to have this
Government act.
¦ Allen's resolution, adopted
by the Senate to-day, was not
passed for the purpose of get
ting information upon that
subject, but to force the Presi
dent to receive Montagu
White,
The understanding is that
England objected to any rec
ognition of the Transvaal by
this Government.
WAR INCIDENTS IN SOUTH AFRICA.
the United States and been denied a hearing.
If that be true the sooner we are Informed
about it the better for the American people.
I don't fail to take notice that throughout
the length and breadth of the land the sym
pathies of the great American people are in
favor of the struggle which the Boers are
making to-day to preserve a republican gov
ernment against one of the greatest powers
of the world.
I don't doubt that the American people agree
with me that the war with Great Britain Is
waging is the most fatal blow at human
liberty that has been struck in the last cen
tury. I don't doubt that the administration
representing the people of the United States
feels to-day as I feel on the subject and as
nine-tenths of the American people feel.
Hale quoted from a speech of Balfour
in which the British statesman had de
clared that the Boer war had knit every
branch of the English-speaking race.
Continuing he said:
I deny, sir, that the American section of
that race is in sympathy with Great Britain
In the South African war to stamp out the
liberty of a people.
I deny that the American people are to be
tied to the chariot wheels of war against the
South ¦ African republics. And when the leader
of the Conservatives In the House of Commons
asserts that he should be met by some dis
claimer from this side of the Atlantic.
I don't wish international complications. 1
don't wish war. I recall that we have not
been so much In love with neutrality In times
past that we could not speak us bodily for
Bulgaria, Poland, Armenia, Cuba and Greece,
and I don't know why It Is now that we most
speak with bated breath In favor of liberty.
I don't believe that the English people are
In favor of this war. I believe that the great
Queen, on bended knees, has prayed that tho
war might be averted; I don't believe that
the . great Premier of England favored the
war. It was the act and movement of a
sharp Cabinet Minister, engaged with, gold
speculators, who favored the war.
LOSSES OF THE BOERS
REMARKABLY SMALL
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— An Idea of th«
high hopes entertained In the Transvanl
republic of 'the outcome of the war wtt^i
Great Britain is given in a letter written,
by E. Houthakker. assistant station mas
ter at Johannesburg, to hi 3 sister In
Brooklyn. The letter was sent In Novem
ber by way of Lourenzo Marquez. Tha
letter says in part:
On every side the British ar» arming; a good
thrashing. The Internal arrangements here
are excellent. All the English have left tha
country. Order Is beautifully maintained. Tfca
Boers still remaining may be seen daily leav
ing for their commandos. The enthusiasm has
reached such a pitch that the stay-behlnda
who don't do anything for their country crow
ashamed.
Johannesburg now Is fearfully quiet. All
the male population has been drafted tato a
special constabulary. No one U allowed out
after » p. m. With the exception oX tea stfaes
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 19.— There
was considerable excitement at
EsquimaJt last night and to-day.
To Judge by the bustle and mys
terious preparation, the strict
puard, the more than ordinary precau
tions that were being taken, it seemed as
though those in charge had been Informed
of some hostile de-sign contemplated
egainst the naval station or some of the
vessels in it.
The excitement began to make itself
manifest soon after the receipt of a cipher
dispatch by Captain Fagen, who. now that
the admiral is cruising in southern waters,
•s in charge of the station. This message
is said to have come from the Consul at
Ean Francisco. What It contained Cap
tain Fagen of course is not willing to di
vulge, but that he considered the message
of the utmost Importance Is shown by
Ti-hnt traronircfl nft<>r its reeeint.
On deciphering the message he at once
summoned by signal the commanders of
the other warships now in port and they
were closeted with him on the Leander
for some time. After the conference or
ders were sent to the torpedo-boat de-
Ftroyer Virago to prepare at once for a
cruise.
Messengers were sent to find her offi
cers, who were away at the time, in the
city, ordering them to at once Join their
ship. Steam was got up In forty-five min
utes, and shortly afterward she steamed
out down .the straits on patrol duty.
Because of the news received by Cap
tain Fagen there was also excitement at
the' fortifications. A messenger was sent
there, informing the officers of the strange
something and extra precautions were
taken. The guard was doubled and all the
guns were manned. Extra sentries have
been on duty at the fortifications for the
past week, and no one is allowed there.
Should any one be seen by the sentries
after 10 o'clock he is challenged, and ac
cording to orders received by them should
any suspicion attach he would be fired on.
At the dockyard all the guns are in
readiness and a big gun covering the yard
Is manned night and day. Sentries are
doubled, and all persons passing after
dark have to give the countersign. Steam
ers going Into the harbor have been noti
fied that they will have to signal with
their whistles. when passing fortifications.
Last night no vessels were allowed to en
ter Esquimau, and all persons in small
boats In the harbor were challenged by a
fleet of launches which patrolled the har
bor all night.
As to what all the trouble Is about, not
a man can be found to say. Whatever the
cause, the fact remains that there is con
siderable activity and excitement' at Es
qulmalt.
CIPHER DISPATCH CAUSES
ACTIVITY AT ESQUIMALT
Following Its Receipt the Torpedo Boat Destroyer
Virago Is Hurried to Sea and the Sentries
at the Station Doubled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
* French Continues His Advance and the
Boers Reply But Feebly to the Fire
of the British Cannon.
lenso must have been considerably weak
ened by the dispatch of larger reinforce
ments westward to meet General Buller's
advance, and they now hurriedly evacu- (
ated the river trenches and the kopjes op-*
posite the village and scattered before our
shrapnel. By evening none of the enemy
were left within rifle shot at Colenso. The
British force then retired to Chieveley."
The Times has the following dispatch,
dated Thursday, from Pietermaritzburg:
"General Buller's wagon train Is nine
teen miles In length and embraces 400
wagons and 5000 animals. As some of the
drifts are narrow and muddy only one
wagon is able to cross at a time. The of
ficers are betting two to one that Lady
smith will be relieved to-morrow (Fil
day)."
The Dally Mail publishes the following
dispatch, dated Thursday, from Spesr
mans Camp:
"It is rumored that the Boers h?.ve
evacuated Colenso In order to reinforce
their troops here. Heavy gun fire ras
heard from Ladysmith this morning. Gen
eral Buller's orders instructs the m«n 10
heed the white flag of the Boers only
when they lay down their arms. It als>o
Instructs them to beware of false bugle
calls."
A Durban special dated Thursday night
says:
"It is -reported here that Lord Dundon
ald has smashed a Boer convoy. General
Buller Is s?ld to be within twelve miles
of Ladysmkh and General Warren to l>e
about six miles to the rear."
BOER ACCOUNTS OF
BULLER'S ADVANCE
LOKDON, Jan. 19. — The Boer accounts
of the passage of the Tugela River are
given in the following dispatches from
Commandant Vlljoen's camp on the Upper
Tugela, via Lourenzo Marquez, dated Jan
uary 18:
January 15— Bailer* r second move wan a rec
onnolseance In force with an armored t»-aln
and a large body, supported by cannon, toward
Colenso last night. A heavy bombardment en
sued and thereupon the British retired, having
wounded one of our men. No reply was made.
This movfe was a feint to cover extensive
movements up the river. Kaffirs on this side of
the Tugela have bern warned by the British
to leave their kraals, as the fight will com
mence shortly.
The second dispatch runs thus:
January 17 — The night was unbroken, save for
ellght rifle encounters between outposts, which
led to nothing. At daybreak the enemy was
located as before. He had not brought a sin
gle gun across the river. But from the ridges
of Swartfkop a batten* and a half of siege
guns opened on our position at 5 a. m. The
bombardment was probably the most frightful
ever witnessed on land. Frequently five heavy
naval guns fired simultaneously at one schanze
(entrenchment).
ROAD TO LADYSMITH
SEIZED BY DUNDONALD
Impassioned Speech on the Question of
Recognizing a Representative of the
Transvaal Government.
HALE SCORES BALFOUR
ON THE SENATE FLOOR
SEIZURES
OF VESSELS
DENOUNCED
German Reichstag Takes Up
the Action of British
Warships.
NATIONS ASKED
TO CO-OPERATE
Yon Bulow Outlines a Programme
That Would Put a Check
Upon England.
+ LO&ENZO MARQUEZ, Jan. +
+ 18.— rThe German bark Marie, +
+ from Australia, with a cargo +
+ of flour for the Transvaal Gov- +
+ eminent has been taken as a +
+ prize by the British third- +
+ class cruiser Felorus, near the +
? island of Inyak, Delagoa Bay, +
+ and has been sent to Durban +
+ with a prize crew on board. +
+ +
BERLIN. Jan. 19.— 1n the Reichstag
to-day the debate on Herr Moeller's
Joint interpellation of the Govern
ment regarding the seizure of the
German steamers by the British
warships was I opened. Herr Moeller
paid vigorous I expression must be
given to the Indignation felt at the fact
that the subsidized line to which the ves
sels belonged rhould; observe the strictest
neutrality, and expressed the opinion that
the matter should furnish the opportu
nity for denning the rights of mall steam
ers. The unloading of the Bundesrath,
he added, could have been effected within
a few days. The; delay showed want of
consideration for 'international courtesy,
and it should rbe made incumbent upon
the British officials' to announce whether
and to what extent their views in regard
to mall steamers had been changed.
The action, said the speaker, had ap
peared arbitrary, and it was Germany's
duty to demand security for her ships In
the future from all maritime nations. Ger
many was so neutral that even her arms
factories had been • prohibited from sup
plying the belligerents. The present case
afforded a rare spectacle of the unity of
all parties. Great Britain had not always
maintained the neutrality marking Ger
many's present attitude, and Englishmen
should take care not to draw on them
selves, the hatred of the civilized world.
This, statement was greeted with loud
cheers. "
The Mhwter of Foreign Affairs, Count
Bulow, replied. He declared that Herr
Moeller. in . his introductory remarks,
had' Justly pointed out the feeling of an
noyance which the seizure of ¦ German
steamers by British war vessels had
aroused throughout Germany and con
tinued:
The German Empire will not withhold Its
concurrence and pupoort If. with the co-opera
tion of the other powers. It would appear pos-.
flble by moans of "an International agreement
to get nearer a settlement of the disputed point*
of maritime law. At present the interpolator
Is only too Justified In saying that the maritime
law Is still very flexible and elastic. Is very de
fective and has numerous gaps which. In crit
ical moments, are only too often filled up by
the application of naval force. I would like an
agreement with the other Governments con
cerned to establish the following rules:
First Neutral merchant vessels on the high
seas or in the territorial waters of belligerents
• hall, apart from the right of convoy, which la
not raised In the present case, be subject to the
right of search by the warships of belligerents.
Second— The right of search shall be exercised
with as much leniency as possible.
Third— Should a neutral ehlpj when requested
to etor>, refuse to do so. or an examination of,
her pnpers disclose Irregularities, should the
presence of contraband be established, she may
be seized and delivered to a competent prize
court.
Fourth— The term contraband shall include
only goods or persons suitable for use in war
and Intended for one of the belligerents. What
kind of goods come, under this heading Is a
matter for discussion.
Fifth— Any contraband discovered to b* liable
to confiscation, whether with or without com
pensation, depends on the particular circum
stances. •
Sixth — If the arrest of a ship Is unjustifiable
the belllivrent shall be bound to release both
the ship nnd carco without delay and pay full
indemnity for the damage and injury sustained.
Count yon Bulow proceeded:
We recognize the rights which international
law actually gives to belligerents In respect to
neutral shirs, neutral trade and neutral inter
course. We don't misapprehend the duties
which a state of war imposes on neutral ship
owners and merchants, but we ask that bel
ligerents shall not extend their powers be
yond the limits of absolute necessity and they
shall respect the inalienable rights and legiti
mate trade of neutrals, and above all that they
shall exercise the right of search and the
ultimate capture of neutral vessels and goods
In sucTi a way as to meet the necessity for
the maintenance of neutral trade and the nor
mal relations between friendly, civilized peop
ples.
Taking up this ' standpoint we forthwith
lodged a strong protest in London against the
proceedings of the British naval officers.
We demanded, first, the Immediate release
of the Bundcerath, ' Herzog and General. The
latter two were immediately released on our
request, and the Bundesrath was released yes
terday.
Secondly, compensation for the unjustified
detention and losses therefrom.
The duty of compensation has been admitted
in principle, and Great Britain has declared
her readiness to give all legitimate satisfac
tion.
Thirdly— We laid stress on the necessity of
instructing the British naval officials not . to
molest German vessels outside of the vidlnlty
of the neat of war, especially from Aden north
ward, and Great Britain has given instructions
through which the stoppage of vessels and
search of vessels will not be exercised at Aden
or a similar distance from the seat of war.
Fourthly— We pointed out the high desira
bility of not stopping German mall steamer*
and Great Britain issued Instructions that such
vessels shall not be stopped or searched on
mere suspicion. These instructions remain In
force until other arrangement* are reached.
Fifthly— We have proposed that all conten
tions and questions not otherwise settled shall
be submitted ; to an arbitration tribunal .to
be promptly summoned. Great Britain ex
pressed the hope/ that arbitrators would not: be
required, but declared her .willingness "for ar
bitration in order to assess the ' claims -for'
damages. '<,¦"¦
Finally the British Government has 'expressed
its regret for the .incidents which have oc
curred. ¦ • •
This last statement caused loud cheers
in the House.
Count yon Bulow in conclusion said Ger
many would maintain friendly relations
with Great Britain, but: the Government
hoped that such Incidents would not re
cur, making it Impossible I for the ' good
relations to continue.
VOLUME LXXXVII — NO. 51.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS*
The San Francisco CallHow any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and address to Dr. L.
W. Knapp, 1373 Hull bldg.. Detroit. Mich., and
he wilt gladly send the free receipt with full
directions so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This is certainly a most gen-
erous offer and the following extracts taken
from his daily mall show what men think of
his eenerosity:
''Dear Sir — Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date.. I have given your
treatment a thorough' test and the benefit has
Poisoned by Toadstools.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 19.— A case of
poison from . eating toadstools has Just
occurred here', and although the persons
affected are now out of danger, they had
a very narrow escape from death. Mr.
and Mrs. J. E. Root, who are among tho
grove's winter visitors, bought some
mushrooms, as they pupposed, from a
Chinese vegetable peddler, and shortly
after eating them were taken with vio
lent cramps and .other unmistakable
symptoms of poisoning. A physician was
at once summoned and succeeded in ad
ministering antidotes before it was too
late. The cause of the poisoning is sup
posed to be tho presence of one or two
toadstools among the lot of mushrooms,
for those examined by Mrs. Root before
being cooked were undoubtedly mush
rooms.
Denied a Pardon.
, WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— The President
has denied the application of Joseph Wll
klns and Howard Butler for pardon.
These men were convicted of a violation
of the oleomargarine laws and sentenced
in the' United States District Court at
Philadelphia March 17, 1898, tho former to
imprisonment for six months and to pay
a nne of $1500, and the latter to imprison
ment for four months and to pay a fine
of $500 and costs.
KILLS HIS WIFE, TOW
BABES AND HIMSELF
Awful Traded]] at the Home' of
Martin Bergen, ttie Profes
sional Baseball Planer.
been extraordinary. It haa completely braced
me up. I am just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am "
"Dear Sir— Your method worked beautifully
Results were exactly what I needed- Strength
and vigor have comoletety returned and en-
largement .is entirely satisfactory "
"EJfar Sir— Yours was received and I had no
sTrel^d itS.-*?* im *™« * »<£
A nL. c . orre ? : f nden . ce , ls "trlctly confidential
mailed, in plain sealed envelope. The receint ii
&?• lt Mkin * mad b> W " U «v«rT^ to
"He Llveth Long
That Lheth Wet'
He that maintains " the perfect circula-
tion of pure blood in a sound organism."
or in other tuords, good health, may live
both long and 'oeU. A great multitude of
people gladly testify that Hood's Sarsapa-
n&a has cured their diseases, given them
good health, and lengthened their lives.
Scrofula — " SMy boy suffered <o>Hh
scrofvlx <when young. T<wo' bottles of
Hood's SarsapariHa cured him. He is now
ten. Our physician advised Us use. We
always recommend it. ' £Mrs. E. C.
Clipper, 3 Kidder St., Cleveland, Ohio.
Be sure to get Hood's, because
Gentlemen— Try Phroso after shaving; It Is
healing. All druggists. •
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
»¦.:'.;¦"„ . ¦ ¦ ' - ¦ » -
¦• • ¦'•¦/ ¦'¦ ¦'- •••**!*'"?>•••,. ,•'¦ V
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER;
FOR NOME DIRECT: - V
FROM SAN- FRANCISCO ...:....... ....V.......5.- S. "PORTLAND".. ApriI 30, 19M
FROM SEATTLE .'.; ..'..:. ....5.5. "DORA" April. -V). ,1800
FKOM SAN FRANCISCO ...;..:.¦./..... .3. 8. "RA1N1ER"... ..... May 10;« 1300
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM 6AN FRANCISCO g. g. "ST. PAUL," May 25th
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sltka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE .....;............. ........S. '.S. -"BERTHA," commencing April Bth
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For new folders, maps an 4 further particulars as to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY, 810 Sansome atreev Ban Francisco, Cal <
For Seattle sailings apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. Mutual; Life Buil'dln*. Seattle, Wa»h.
which ar» being worked by th* Government,
all the tnine« on the Rand are ' Ehut flown.
If you could but see hoi everything if lielng
takrn care of and looted after, even to the
minutest detail, you cnuld not fail to. "feel
great re«;*ct for the genius In organizing
which !s being displayed by the Boers in com
mand.
Up to the present 1500 English are prisoner*,
among which are fifty officers, and 6000 British
were plain. Our lost* does not amount to V*>,
Including the dead and wounded. It sounds
like a miracle.
It etlll looki doubtful who will com* out
ultimate conqueror, but as things look now
the hurghfi* Maud a cood chance. No fishtlr.g
has occurred on their own country- The sup
ply of f.x.d 1* plentiful, the enthusiasm i-«
ffreat. The Enclii?h soldiers are not worth
murh and Furrender easily. Already two of
their generals are dead. Cape. Colony will
revolt. The English are setting their Trell
*arr.e<l reward, and I fhould not feel surprised
to m* the K.-.Kiif h leave South Africa neck and
crop.
:so onam it win rurprii" you to f<* m»
bavtn« rhanged thviK, but th*t could not b«
otherwise alter having wltnesvil everything.
It 1* now clear thai <"han)b*T'.ain'i* to)e aim
has fceen for thro*- years' to make r>ar agalnM
th" Transvaal and oiitain ix-jswp-nslnn of. Itf
territory. These \zn month* I h*\e learnwf
a KT*at deal about the Boers am) their coun
try, and though I am in no wise Infatuated
with them they ar* much superior to thow
that, work the mines. One of ths striking
feature* 1» that In this war the Boers whew a!!
their rood qualities, leaving their bad ones
at borne.
NAVAL GUNS SHELL
THE BOER TRENCHES
SPEARMANS CAMP, Natal, Jan. 18.—
The Boer trenches have been persistently
shelled by the naval guns all day long.
Small parties of Boers were seen at inter
vals, and a large force from the direction
of Ladyemlth was seen trekking toward
the northwestward British position. A
balloon did good service in observing that
Lytteltpn's force made a demonstration
in the direction of the BrakefonteJn
kopjes, four miles north of the British
position, under cover of a heavy artillery
fire, to which the Boers did not respond.
On the left General Warren's troops are
POLYGAMOUS STATUS
OF UTAH APPOINTEES
Representative Grosvenor Makes a
Flat Denial of the Statement
of Lentz.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— The investi
gation as to the alleged polygamous status
of certain Federal apßOlntees in Utah was
resumed to-day by the House Committee
on PostofTices and Postroads.
Before the committee met the members
discussed informally the right and propri
ty of asfklng the President's secretary to
submit to Interrogation, Chairman Loud
maintaining that such a course would. In
effect, amount to the summoning of the
President and an Inquiry into executive
affairs.
Mr. Grosvenor made a flat denial, of the
statement made by Mr. Lentz as to the
words, "We have not let the grass grow
under our feet" in reference :to the
charg.es.
In reply to many questions Mr. Gros
venor emphasized his sweeping denial of
the language and Inferences attributed to
him by Mr. Lentz as reported in the news
papers. • ¦--.
Mr. Lentz and Mr. Grosvrnor explained
the talk between them, showing the differ
ence was mainly as to words and that Mr.
Lentz did not seek to place any inference
on them. The hearing went over until
next Tuesday, when Mr. Bristow will be
heard further.
INNOCENT MAN WAS
HANGED FOR MURDER
Real Criminal Just Prior to His
Death Confessed to His Awful* .
Wrongdoing.
ST. PAUL. Minn.. Jan. 19.— A special tot
the Dispatch from Redwood Falls, Minn.,
says:
A report has just reached here from
relatives of the deceased' that old man
Slover recently died In California and that
he made a confession to the effect that he
killed Moses Lufkins In Gales Township,
this county, some twelve years ' ago, in
stead of William Rose, who was after
ward hanged for the crime. There Wan
only circumstantial evidence against
Rose,- whose attentions to Grace Lufktna
had been forbidden by her father. On the
first trial the jury disagreed, but the sec
ond trial resulted In conviction. In a
speech from the gallows. Rose affirmed
his innocence and charged Slover with
the crime ..'¦- ;i; :
? ¦ ¦ ¦-
Asbestos Mine Discovered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS- CAMP, Jan. 19.— A valuable
find was made last Wednesday week by
J. C. Rasberry of this place. The find
is an asbestos mine with, a ledge of ex
tensive proportions. Samples of the raw
material have been sent to'an Ohio firm,
which have pronounced It of a quality
equal to any yet found. The fiber of the
mineral is short, but valuable for the
manufacture of paint. It Is expected as
the claim is developed 1 , the fiber will be
longer and more valuable for commercial
purposes. Preparations are being made
for an immediate opening of the claim. .
• * i .^ . .k* ;
Jury Disagrees.
REDDING, Jan. 13.— The jury In the
John Pendleton murder case failed to
agree, after being out sixteen hours. The
Jurors were discharged at 9 o'clock this
morning.' At the final ballot as on the
first they stood one for first degree mur
der, one second degree murder, five man
slaughter and five acquittal.* Pendleton
Is accused of the murder of W. L Ran
dle on September 5 last. Self-defense was*
nle.aded in jußtlflr-atlnn of the ahootinir..
ROAD TO LADYSMITH
SEIZED BY BRITISH
Armor for British Soldiers.
LONDON. Jan. 20.— Speaking yesterday
at a Conservative meeting at Bradford
Mr. Williamson, a municipal Councillor,
said that it was within his personal
knowledge that a thousand of bullet
proof shields, weighing seven pounds
each, were being manufactured In Shef
field for the British soldiers. These are
designed to protect the vital parts at a
range of 400 yards.
Methuen Directs Reconnoissance.
MODDER RIVER, Cape Colony. Jan.
18.— General .Methuen. who is in robust
health, personally directed another strong
reconnoi-pance yesterday. The High
landers succeeded In driving the Boers
from the Brush River bank by long-range
volleys. The Boer fire was ineffective.
Battle Expected Hourly.
SPEARMANS CAMP. Friday evening,
Jan. 19.— Sir Charles Warren and Lord
Dundonald are continuing a cautious ad
vance, hourly expecting battle. There
has been slight artillery firing here, at
Ladysmith and at Chieveley. Natives re
port that the kopjes are full of Boers.
Hay Reaches Cape Town.
CAPE TOWN. Jan. 19.— Adelbert Hay^
! the new United States Consul at Pretoria,
I arrived yesterday and will start for his
1 post Saturday. '
now in possession of two prominent
kopjes behind Spierkof. There was some
Boer sniping, but It was ineffective.
The Graafrienet Boers evacuated
Prleska January 15 and returned north
ward across the river.
LONDON TIMES FINDS
PROOF OF FENIAN PLOT
LONDON. Jan. 2f>.— Under the caption
"Revival of Fenian Activity" the Times
this morning gives extracts from a secret
circular and other details of conferences
held last September in the United States
between the Croninites and the anti-Cro
ninitcs. It gives aloo a long secret circu
lar from the Cronlnlte headquarters,
dated November 20 of last year, to the
rrftlcers and members of the organization
urging that "the time Is opportune to
take advantage of England's difficulties
In the Transvaal, the firm object being
to smash the Anglo-American under
standing, leaving England without a
friend In thr- world." The circular then in
vite? "volunteers for active service wher
ever needed."
The Times regards this as proof of the
existence of a Fenian plot.
SCOUTING MOVEMENTS
REPORTED BY ROBERTS
LONDON, Jan. 19.— The War Office has
made public dispatches from Field Mar
shal Roberts, dated to-day, recording the
ecoutlng movements in Cape Colony, in
cluding the ambushing of the Australians,
when two of the latter were killed and
fourteen reported missing. He adds: "A
Boer deserter states that the enemy suf
fered severely in attacking French's ad
vanced post on January 15. Seventy Boers
are still unaccounted for."
BROKEN BRAKEBEAM
CAUSES FREIGHT WRECK
Cars Piled" Up in Front of the Station,
but Fortunately No One Was
Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DIXON. Jan. I!).— A west-bound freight
extra was passing through this city at 7
6"' clock to-night when one of the cars loft
the track, derailing four others, scatter
ing them about the yard. All the* switches
and tracks were blocked by the smashup,
and a wrecking train was sent from Sac
ramento. The ground and track is torn
up for a distance of 200 yards, and the
trucks of some of the wrecked cars' are
buried almost out of sight in the earth.
A broken brakebeam Is supposed to have
been the cause of the wreck, as the car
left the track where there were no
switches to break the line. Passengers
for Sacramento were transferred around
the wreck, but the track will be cleared
and traffic resumed to-morrow.
The wreck occurred In front of the de
pot, and that no lives were lost is con
sidered miraculous, as a number of per
sons were standing on the platform when
the cars began piling over one another.
The local passenger. train is due from San
Francisco at 7:23, and it is exceedingly
fortunate that the accident did not oerur
a few minutes later, when the platform
would have been crowded with people
who usually attend the incoming of
trains. - ¦ ¦ - _ _ •} : . >¦'.;¦¦
RELINQUISHES THE BODY.
Remains of Dr. Mahe Will Be Shipped
to This City.
SIOUX CITY, Jan. I?.— The Sioux City
widow of Dr. Gustave Mahe,, 1 who died
here suddenly last week, has yielded to
superior influence and numbers and the
doctor's San Francisco widow is to have
possession of his remains. His brother
in-law. D. A. McMullen of Orange, Cal.,
who arrived here last night to represent
the San Francisco widow, will have the
body disinterred and pent to the Golden
Gat*. Mrs. Mahe of Sioux City has al
ready had it burled here.
UNFAVORABLE REPORT
ON SUBMARINE BOAT
Naval Board on Construction Recom
mends That the Holland Ba
Not Purchased.
Pr*<"lal Dlsratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.— 8y a vote of
four to one the Naval Board on Construc
tion 1 submitted to-day an adverse recom
mendation upon the proposition that tho
Government purchase the submarine boat
Holland. This action was taken after tba
board had carefully considered the favor
able reports on the boat made by tha
Naval Board of Inspection and Survey,
and Chief Engineer John Lowe, and had
made a personal inspection of the Holland
at the Washington Navy Yard. It Is un
derstood the board has also practically
decided not to recommend the construc
tion of two boats of the same design as
the Holland, the construction of which
was authorized by the last naval appro
priation act. The majority of the boari
holds that the submarine boat has not
advanced to a sufficient safe stage for the
Government to consider the propriety of
building a fleet of such vessels.
> - -
FORT U NE -MINER WEDDING
Popular Young Couple of DavisvlUa
Become Han and Wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DAVISVILLE. Jan. 19.— Edwuru Fran
cis Fortune and Miss Maud Elizabeth
Miner were quietly • married by the Rev.
J. W. Dorrance at the- beautiful home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. N. Mi
ner, near Davisville. yesterday. Miss Mi
ner is a Native Daughter and was brought
up on what is known as the "Boston
farm," one mile west of Davisville. The
bride 13 not only an accomplished cull
narylst. but is very popular in th© "older
society set."
Mr. Fortune is the successful business
manager of the well-known firm of Bal
four, Guthrle & Co.. 'dealers and shippers
of grain on the Pacific Coast.
After the enjoyment of a short honey
moon In San Francisco they will return
to Davisville. where a neatly furnished
home awaits them.
SMOKE ISSUING
FROM TAUQUITZ
Old Volcano May Again
Become Active.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SAN .DIEGO, Jan. 19.— Reports come to
San Diego by letter from Strawberry Val
ley that smoke and steam are issuing 1
from between the rocks and boulders of
the basin of Mount Tauquitz and that the
people are looking for an eruption of the
big Volcano of many years ago.
Strawberry .Valley is now In Riverside
County, but was formerly a part of San
Diego County. It is a dozen miles from
the Hemet Valley reservoir and the scene
of activity is about ten miles beyond the
valley in tlte San Jacinto Mountains, one
peak of which is old Tauquitz.
The hotel in the valley is now under the
direction of Mrs. Keene. She says that
ever since the big shake on the morning
of December 25 the whole mountain has
been in a state of quiver, and that tho
rumbling Is being heard and the trembling
plainly felt all the time. She says 'that
the tremor is so great at times that water
and other liquids are spilled out of ves
sels that are set on the tables. These
continuous shakings have led to a sur
mise that some big outbreak will take
place in the near future. The place is not
very far from San Jacinto, the- scene of
the greatest damage. on Christmas morn-
Ing, and the people there, have been fig
uring somewhat on the chances of further
damage if the activity of the-old volcano
becomes more pronounced.
The writer pf the letter, Mr. Coveslze,
who seems to be perfectly familiar with
the country around Tauquitz, says that
the volume of steam and smoke issuing
from the ground has been on the* increase
rather than on the decrease, though the
tremors have been less pronounced. He
says that in the event of an eruption,
which he seems to think is quite an un
likely occurrence, there will be no danger
to the inhabited portion, as any lava
which- came from the mountain would
break out on the eastern side and run
toward the great Colorado Desert.
YOUNG MAN KILLED
BY A CRAZY LOGGER
Was Assisting Officers to Arrest the
Man When He Was Laid Low
by a Rifle Ball.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or., Jan. 19.— Lake Moore, a
young logger living about ten miles south
of this city, was killed about 4:30 this
afternoon while aiding the county author
ities in an effort to apprehend Mat Hil
strcm, a crazy logger. The demented
man labored umler the hallucination that
the woods were full of gorillas, and three
times this week attempted to kill L. R.
Abercrombie. a neighbor. Twice Mr 3.
Hilstrom quieted her crazy spouse, but
this morning he watched for Abercrom
bie on a road and took a shot at him. The
bullet did not miss Abercrombie' s head
by more than an inch. Abercrombie then
came to the city and acquainted the coun
ty authorities with the situation.
Deputy Sheriff Trullinger and Consta
ble Wlckman left for the house. On me
way out they met young Moore, who
agreed to accompany them and point out
Hilßtrom'e abode.
When they reached the place Moore sug
gested that It would be better that he
should go to the door, as he was ac
quained with the crazy man.
Mrs. Hilstrom appeared In response to
the knock at the door. Moore asked
where Hilstrom was and he had no sooner
uttered the words than the report of a
rifle rang out. Moore staggered back
ward and with a groan fell dead. The
body lay only a few feet, from the door
and the officers deemed it folly to at
tempt to recover It, as Hilstrom would
doubtlessly Bhoot them when they ap
peared in sl^ht. Constable Wickman re
mained at the place while Deptuy Trul
linger hurried In the launch ,to the city.
A posse left at once for the scene and
the house is now surrounded. Further
bloodshed Is feared when the effort to get
him from the house is made. ' . •.
• ' — , -»_: ,
GENERAL ANDERSON
IS TO BE RETIRED
President Has Already Named Gen
eral Ludlow as His Suc
cessor.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— Brigadier
General Anderson, commanding the mili
tary department of the lakes, with head
quarters at Chicago, will be retired; His
retirement has been anticipated by the
appointment of General William Lndlow
as brigadier general. The President's ac
tion In filling this vacancy by sending
General Ludlow's name to the Senate in
advance of its existence is said to he
without precedent In the army and was
avowedly taken to spare the President
from further importunity.
General J. F. Wade, commanding the
Department of Dakota, has been ordered,
In addition to his present duties, to take
temporary command of the Department of
the Lakes until a permanent appointment
can be made.
General J. R. Brooke, who was recently
lelieved by General Wood as commander
of the division of Cuba, may- be assigned
to tho Department of the Lakes, but the
general Impression is that he is more
likely to be assigned to relieve General
Wesley Mcrrltt on the latter's retirement
n^xt June. General Brooke is now at St.
Augustine, Fla., recuperating.
Ex-Justice Robison Dead.
Bpfrlal Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS. Jan. J9.-Ex-Just!c« B. A.
Roblson, a prominent citizen of this
place, died suddenly at his homo this
morning. Mr. Roblson was a pioneer set
tler of the State and has lived in this
county a number of years, at various
times holding Important offices in the
county. The cause of death was heart
disease. Deceased was' highly esteemed
in the community. At the time of death
he was 75 years of age.
Concessions to Miners.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 19.— The Provin
cial Government has declared its inten
tion of amending its alien exclusion law
so as to hereafter permit Americans to
hold claims purchased from Canadian lo
cators. Such a concession quite satisfies
th© Americans at Atlln.
Eighth Division to Be Mobilized.
LONDON. Jan. 19.— Formal orders have
been issued to mobilize the Eighth Divi
sion of the British army.
PLAGUE DYING OUT.
Only a Few Sporadic Cases Reported
in Japan.
YOKOHAMA, Jan. 3.— The plagu© ceases
to attract much attention, only a few spo
radic cases showing themselves from time
to time. The whole number thus far
throughtout the empire has been only
forty-nine, out of which forty have proved
fatal. The chief injury sustained has
been by the business interests of Kobe,
which have suffered severely, and also by
the railway companies, passenger travel
having been greatly deterred by th© strin
gent Quarantine regulations.
HIS NOSE CUT OFF
WITH A BEER GLASS
Richard Feally of St. Helena on Trial
for Assault With a Deadly
Weapon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. Jan. 19.— Richard Feally of St.
Helena was on trial in the Superior
Court here to-day on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon which was Com
mitted upon George Newman. The cir
cumstances of the assault are very pe
culiar, as. Feally cut Newman's nose off
his face in a saloon brawl at St. Helena
about the latter part of November. On
the witness stand to-day Newman stated
that the defendant struck him with a
beer Mass and cut his nose off his face,
that he was kept at the Crystal Springs
for twenty-one days before his nose grew
on again. That a piece of flesh had been
cut trom his shoulder to be used in graft
ing the nose on his face again. Newman
further stated that he had some trouble
with Feally before the assault, j-
The defendant testified that Newman
was the aggressor and in order to pro
tect himself he struck at Newman. Both
parties are well known residents of St.
Helena and the outcome of the case Is
awaited with interest. ' Feally had to be
brought into court three times during
December before ho was finally arraigned
as he was drunk on three occasions. The
case goes to the Jury Saturday. •..,-
MARSHALL RELEASED.
Application for a Writ of Habeas
Corpus Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 19.-W. A. Mar
shall, whose frequent attempts to test
Marin County's pumpgun ordinance have
brought him frequently before, the courts,
appeared before Superior Judge Angellotti
this morning on a writ of habeas corpus.
A week aso Marshall, in company with
his attorney. Charles Wheeler, went to
Tomales. Marshall went hunting with
one of the proscribed pumpguns and was
promptly arrested on the instance of
Wheeler and brought before Judge Tur
ner of Tomales. Turner found Marshall
guilty and sentenced him to pay a tine' of
$20 or spend twenty days in jail. \\ r heeler
then, informed ¦ the,' Judge that . he j was
about to swear out a writ of habeas cor*
pus before the Supreme Court, and asked
that Marshall be released pending the is
suance of the writ. The Judge thereupon
released Marshal on his own recog
nizance. The case excited some attention
at the time, for legal men questioned the
court's power to bring before it on a writ
of habeas corpus a man who was at lib
erty.
This morning Wheeler brought Marshall
over here and surrendered him to Sheriff
W. P. Taylor. The reason for this step
was that the Supreme Court refused to
institute habeas corpus proceedings un
less the writ was first issued by the Su
perior Court. As soon as Marshall was
Incarcerated Wheeler petitioned Superior
Judge Angellotti for a writ of habeas cor
pus, which was Immediately granted.
In his petition Wheeler claims that It Is
not within the powers of the Board of
Supervisors to prohibit the use of a re
peating shotgun.
The case comes before the court next
Friday and will arouse much interest
among the sporting fraternity, as on
Judge AngellotU'B decision hangs the
question of the validity of the cordially
detested pumpgun ordinance.
PLAGUE SPREADING IN
THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
Buildings Are Burned Datlu in
Infected Districts and Riflid
Quarantine Continues.
HONOLULU. Jan. 12.-Six cases of
plague have broken out since last advices.
The Board of Health Is still working hard
to suppress the scourge. The Government
has been more than liberal in furnishing
money to clean the city. Fires are of
daily occurrence In Chinatown, the seat
of the trouble. Quarantine measures are
being made more strict every day. Every
suggestion the physicians make Is adopt
ed. No steps are lacking in fighting the
plague.
The island shipping business is in dan
ger of complete suspension if the plague
situation does not mend. The Wilder. and
Inter-Island companies have been talk
ing of laying their vessels off altogether
in view of the great difficulties in the way
of continuing to run them.
The steamer Xoeau arrived from Ha
waii at noon yesterday with startling
news for the island steamship companies.
The big island has established the strict
est quarantine yet heard of. Hiloites have
even decided that they will open and
fumigate mail before allowing it to come
ashore, and all vessels must go into quar
antine for ten days at Hilo before *hey
can land any freight of any description.
Letters will be opened, the envelopes
burned and the contents thoroughly fumi
gated.
The Noeau went to Waipio on Sunday
morning. Captain Wyman was informed
that no vessel could land anything on Ha
waiian soil without a bill of health from
Hilo. He went to Hilo and was fumi
gated and allowed to discharge. As *n«
was leaving the new order was placed in
his hands, to be communicated to Hono
lulu. It stated that hereafter ten days'
quarantine will be insisted upon after
fumigation at Hilo and that mail would
be treated as stated. ;
One very important change in the
island shipping business that may come
if the quarantine lasts much longer is the
removal for the time being of the head
quarters ofi the island steamship com
panies to Hilo. If the vessels had
headquarters at the Hawaiian port it is
thought that they could do a large busi
ness carrying freight from there to
other ports on the \-arious islands that
have now established quarantine against
Honolulu. Deep water vessels headea
for Honolulu with provisions could be
sent to Uilo before they enter the har
bor here, and in this way the supplying
of plantations and other island centers
could be continued.
An average of more than 1700 persona
are being fed dally within the quaran
tined districts. The work both of pur
chase and distribution a3 well as the
work of listing the. applicants and in
vestigating cases of misrepresentation
in the matter of application, is all done
through the miL^ary.
One day's report of the numbers- and
nationalities provided for is a sample and
average of what is done daily. On Mon
day food was distributed to 1300 Hawa
iians, 225 Chinese. 50 Japanese, 13 Portu
guese, 10S South Sea Islanders and 21
whites. Most of the provisions are dis
tributed unprepared, the cooking and
preparation being done by the recipients.
In a few cases prepared food la distrib
uted.
Some Idea of the amount of food re
quired may be gained from the fact
that five wagon load* and seven basket
carriers were received within th© lines
at one time.
DRUNKEN QUARREL
ENDS IN MURDER
Manuel Fialho Struck
With a Demijohn.
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 19. -The body
of Manuel Fialho lies on a slab in the
morgue at this place, and John Aviles oc
cupies a cell In the County Jail with a
charge of murder pending. against him.
Fialho was a Portuguese and Aviles Is
a Chilean. Both were residents of Span
ishtowa,
Fialho succumbed this morning at the
Poor Farm to injuries Inflicted upon him
In Spanishtown on Saturday night last
by Aviles, who struck him upon the
head with a demijohn. The row occurred
In the house occupied by .Aviles about
8 or 9 o'clock In the evening.
Aviles, Fialho and a man named Man
uel Brown had been drinking heavily.
A demijohn" of wine had been emptied.
In filling the glasses the last time there
was not enough wine to go around, and
so Aviles, who was pouring it, only par
tially filled them. Fialho took exception
to this and demanded a full glass. Be
coming angered at not receiving it, he
threw the giass at Aviles, and, as the lat
ter says, attempted to strike him with a
wine bottle. It was then that he struck
Fialho with the demijohn, knocking him
down.
Aviles made a bed for him on the
floor and made him as comfortable as
possible under the circumstances. Here
he nursed the 'Injured man until Tues
day morning, when the latter was re
moved to the Poor Farm, where he- re
mained until he died, never having re
gained consciousness from the time he
was struck.
On Tuesday Aviles was taken into cus
tody by the Constable and held pending
the result of Fialho's injuries. As soon
as Fialho died the Constable brought his
assailant to Redwood and placed him in
jail. An inquest will be held next week.
CRUSHED BY A
GIANT REDWOOD
Tragic Death of Hugh
Gallagher.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
LAYTONViIIE, Jan. 19.— The tragic
death of Hugh Gallagher, chief logger at
the Ueal Redwood Lumber Company's
mills, yesterday has cast a gloom over
the. community.; Gallagher,* who i 3 well
and favorably known, was superintending
the logging of immense redwood trees
from the mountain side down to the mill
chutes and had just completed the ad
justment of the huge chains on an un
commonly large tree. After instructing
the men to be cautious in liberating this
particular piece of timber Gallagher pro
ceeded to inspect the proposed route the
timber was to roll and shoot over.
He had only gone a short distance when
the huge binding chains that held the tree
snapped and with a roaring crash this im
mense tree, containing some seventy thou
sand feet of lumber, plunged down the
mountain side, gaining frightful mo
mentum with each bound. Gallagher's
effort to escape from the path of the roll
ing tree was pathetic. He appeared con
founded, running frantically about in a
circle. -
The massive trunk of the tree leaped
upon him. passing over his body without
josing a degree of its original momentum.
Ihe body was found ground and encased
into the earth to a perfect level. Its ap
pearance was beyond all semblance to n
human body.
Deceased was a married man and orig
inally came here from Philadelphia. A
widow and two children survive him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAISTUARY 20, 1900.
CAPTAIN BURNHAM
MAY BE INSANE
Arrested on Complaint
of His Wife. -
Ejeclal Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Jan. 19.— Captain ""D."* R.
Burnham. a retired army officer, who has
resided in this city for three years, dur
ing which time l.c has made many friends
and was universally liked, was arrested
late last night and lodged in the County
Hospital, charged with insanity by his
wife." He is 64 years old and had been mar"
ried forty-one years. He married Miss
Palmer."the granddaughter of Sir Thomas
Palmer, an English nobleman. One son Is
here, an invalid, and is very ill now. An
other, son is William Burnham, captain at
Moro Castle, Havana. Captain Burnham
himself Is a brother of Judge Advocate
General Burnham.
The family has been living here peace
fully on North Marengo avenue r and there
was not a more popular man in town
among business men than, wag Captain
Burnham.- None of his friends wM'belleve
that he is insane. They think that Mrs.
Burnham has made a grave mistake. Her
friendi, however, say that the caotain at
tacked her recently and nearly killed her.
She claims that he has been in asyluiu3
before and that it was against advice of
frlendfc that she had him removed.
Captain Burnham was on his way to
supper at the Spalding House when ac
costed by a Deputy Sheriff, who, after
walking with him a short distance, told
him he had a warrant. The captain flew
Into a rage, attacking the officer, and it
was necessary to call assistance and hand
cuft him. This was not done until ne had
bruised and cut his wrists on the hand
cuffs. On the car a few moments later
he apologized profusely for his loss of
temper. The next car to the hospital car
ried several friends of the captain, who
were wrathy when they heard of his ar
rest. There will be a fight In court prob
ably when the time comes to prove his In
sanity.
MARTIN BERGEN, LATE OF THE BOSTONS.
NORTH BROOKFIELD. Mass., Jan. I?.— Martin Bergren, the catcher of the
Boston baseball team of thp National League, killed his wife and two
children and committed suicide at hi<= home here to-day. Mrs. Bergen and
one child were killed with an ax, and then Bergen used a razor to cut the
throat of his other child and his own.
It Is thought the action was due to Insanity. It has been suspected for
fome time that Bergen was a victim of mental derangement. In fact, some of
his actions In connection with his baseball manager, Labson, led to the supposi
tion at the time.
The affair was discovered by the neighbors, who found the body of Bergen and
his little girl by tne kitchen door. The bodies of Mrs. Bergen and the little boy
were in the bed.
Berpen was r? years old. his wife about the same agre, his girl eight or nine
years old and the boy a little younger.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Jan. 19.— Martin Bergen made his debut In fast baseball
company with Manning's Kansas City Blues of 1^95, and he proved to be one of the
local manager's greatest find?. He came to Kansas City from the New Eng
land League and improved steadily while with the Blues. .His chief claim to the
affections of Kansas City enthusiasts was as a thrower. Very few Western
Leag-ue baserunners could steal when Bergen was behind the bat. Bergen was
known a* a melancholy man. He was surly, with his best friends and was a hard
player to handle, as h«> was given to sulky moments and was liable to refuse to
play at any time without giving a reason.
.. . . ...
Bergen was well known on this coast, having been a member of the Boston
team when that famous body of baseball players paid this coast a visit a few
years a^o. He was one of the best known players In the profession.
Send Name and Address To-Day— You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPFY HOME.
- '¦¦ U W. KNAPP, M. D.
2INVITATION DECLINED.
President McKinley Unable to Come
to the Coast at Present.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— The members
of the California delegation called upon
the President by appointment at 10 o'clock
this morning to formally present a silver
card of Invitation from the Bohemians of
America to a banquet to be held In San
I-ranclsco on the 23th Instant. Represen
tative Julius Kahn made a presentation
speech. The President stated that he re
gretted his inability to be present owing
to a press of urgent business, but prom
ised to write a response and send it to
the society. He assured the delegation
that he fully appreciated the compliment
that had been shown him by the organiza
tion in inviting him to atend the cele
bration In honor of his own birthday.
CHINAMAN SHOT.
Attempt Made to Murder Fong Chuck
in San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Jan. W.-An attempt was
made In Chinatown to-night to assassi
nate Fonc Chuck, a collector for the
Electric Improvement Company, fie wa3
entering the door of his office when a
bullet struck the brick wall within a foot
of his head. Three more shots were fired
one taking effect In Chuck's right elbow
He has never taken sides with the war
ring factions, but always acted as peace
maker. About a year ago he was charged
with a murder on Jackson street San'
Francisco, but proved an alibi. His as
sailant is not known.
LUili MViBIR HAS ITS MEANING.
3|1|........ I
Wei 4.|h
Thli Is of Jr.tereFt to all women who are
•naemie. In ether words, to women who are
pale, tfcln. nervous and sickly.
Anumlc people have not enough blood, and
what blood they have :« thin and watery.
Note the fymptoms— Headache, dull or throb-
bing «Fig. 1). hollow eye» and dark circles un-
der eyes (Fig. I), hollow checks (Fig. 3). flut-
tering of heart (Fig. 4). Impaired digestion
<Fig. E). weakness of limbs <Flg. C). Other
symptoms ar* 1 clizy ppells, nervousness, uleep-
Pnes*. costiveness. lc?s of appetite, lack of
rgy and general weakness.
HUDTAN Is a posl-
+ tive and permanent
...^.. —.. rur * for Anaemia.
WOMEN Female Weakness
ADVISED and the many compll-
FREE. cations. Nervousness
Call Or Write. at once yields to
. 4. Hudyan. Hudyan
* makps rich, red blood,
and thin in turn pro-
vides etrerustb and nourishment for the entire
system.
HUDYAN Ftrenßthens the delicate female or-
paniEm. in order that all physiological processes
may take r>!ace without pain. Hudyan relieves
pain during menses. Hudyan corrects irregu-
lar menstruation. Hudyan is the greatest
earthly troon to women who are run down,
¦lckly. w«-ak. pale, nervous and debilitated, as
a result of those disorders p»cullar to their sex.
because Hudyan is a positive cure. Hudyan
Increases the appetite. It tones the entire sys-
tem.
HT.'PYAN 1* for eale by druggists, EOc a
par kage cr cix packages for $2 JO.
If your drugplst drws not keep Hudyan, send
direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. cor.
fitocktcn. Ellis and Market Ets., San Francisco.
"*" *->/->»..oi it -T- "\ Censult Free the
! C FREE. T i Hud^an Doctor.. Call
•? ?¦ or writs to them.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IROX
J C WILSON &CO N* !*«»«? Street.
J \r niLJU.I g VAI' Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
.TOPEPH FOX. Pupt. 11. BLYTH. Mgr.
CW PSumMng, Steamboat
¦" O '.I 111 «nd Ship Work a Fpecialty. 16
and IS Washington «t_ Telephone Main £641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS EfIYFSfcCO JJ'PP 111 * Butchers. 1M
.iAJ iiUIIJtt Wi Clay. Tel. Main irM.
FURS.
J. fl. mraiAU. ttyieti !„*„. pfX^ wumtoh» L
PAPRR DHALRRV
WII I AMFTTF P^-LP AND PAPER CO..
"ILLAaiEIIC in Montgomery it.
PRINTINX
F.CBUCBES, ais ,S%, r .
STATIONED AND PRINTER,
T "£?r° PARTRIDGE *»
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, Sgg^S
UJAMOXIi COAL iIINJNO CO.. at it. GREKV !
UIVEH COKLIEKItS. I. tbe Hest Coal In the I
iLArket. Oiac« and Yaid«-CQ Mala street. I
Kentucky's Flag Defenders.
Figures at the local recruiting station
show that Louisville and Kentucky have
POST AND CORPS.
i New Officers Wlio Will Have Charg-.
During the Current Term.
The officers of James A. Garfield Post
of the Grand Army of the Republic were
installed by Past Department Com
mander Edward S. Salomon and
the same evening the officers of
James A. GarfieM Relief Corps were
installed by Department Inspector
I. E. Gibson. The officers of the post
for the current term are: Jacob Karmiri
sky, post commander; James H. Stewart,
senior, and Leonard P. Smith, Junior vice
commander; John Duncan, surgeon; Abra
ham Ennis, chaplain; Gustav Marks, of
ficer of the day; Alfred S. Marks, quar
termaster, and John Brockman, officer of
the guard. The officers of the corps are:
Dora H. Wilkins, president; Sarah H.
Wilson, senior, and Mary Virginia Van
Horn, Junior vice president: Nellie A.
Hendrickson, secretary; Caroline Dlbblee,
treasurer; M. O. Volkenberge, chaplain;
Tina McGowan, conductor; Esther C
Dunn, guard; M. A. O'Brien, assistant
conductor; Adeline Ehle. assistant guard,
and Amanda yon Linderman, pianist.
After the ceremony of installation there
was a programme of entertainment for
the many guests who were present. This
Included vocal and instrumental music
and modern magic by Mrs. F. M. Zeising
Mrs. J. H. Wilkins. Misses Jennie and
Clara Paulsen. Professor Lindter and
Professor Holmes.
There was a Joint installation of the
officers of Lincoln Post No. 1, o. A. R
and of Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3 W R
C, In B'ne B'rlth Hall. The following of
ficers of the post were installed by Past
Department Commander C. Mason Klnne:
S. XV. Carpenter, post commander; J. C.
Innes, senior, and George K. Johnson ju
nior vice commander; J. C. Holies, quar
termaster; J. C. Crawford, M. D., sur
geon; M. Murphy, chaplain; W. E. Es
tees, officer of the day; J. H. Wilson, offi
cer of the guard. Past National Presi
dent Mrs. Elizabeth d'Arcy Kinne, act-
Ing as installing officer, administered the
charges to the several officers, who are*
Dot S. Mortimer, president; Josephine
Robinson, senior, and Mary E. Mulcahy
Junlor vice president; Gertie Ruth
Vaughn, secretary; Mary E. Ferguson
treasurer; Carrie Robinson, chaplain-
Mary J. Parolinl, conductor; Jennie F*
Houghton, guard; Emma B. Leeds as
sistant conductor; Anna B. Chambers
assistant guard; May Foster, Emily R
Fuller, Rose Perry and Emma Balz, color
bearers, and Sarah Cook, organist. At
the close of this Installation Mrs. Kinne
was presented a bunch of beautiful flow
ers. Mrs. Mortimer, the new president
was -presented a miniature saber as -a
token of esteem from the Veteran Guard
of the G. A. R. Mrs. Lydla J. WharfT, de
partment junior vice president, presented
the retiring president a jewel of her of
fice. These presentations were followed
by a short programme and dancing
The installation of the officers of Seven
Pines Circle No. 3, Ladies of the Grand
Army, was held in Seven Pines Hall in
the Alcazar building, in the presence of a
large number of the friends of the cir<-le
The new officers are: Lizzie C. WhitesU*e'
president; Louisa M. Carr, senior vice
president: May L. Hood, junior vice presi
dent; M. J. Griffith, secretary; Lena Schoi
ten, treasurer; Bessie M. Gerish, chap
lain; Grace Treadwell, conductor; May
Tate, assistant conductor; Callie Sher
wood, guard; Jennie B. Houston, as=l«i*
ant guard. There was a beautiful gold
badge for presentation to the outgoing
president, Marcla G. Wenk, but owing to
illness she was not in attendance. A com
mittee subsequently went to her home and
delivered it to her. Mrs. Sadie Pierrepo-U
on behalf of the circle, presented the re
tiring senior vice. Abble G. Purvis a
handsome parlor lamp, and Mrs. Angi'e
Asters, the installing officer, then present
ed to the .treasurer, .Mrs. Scholten, who
enters upon the eleventh year of consecu
tive service, a token of the circle's appre
ciation of her faithful services in the
shape of a mantel clock.. The circle en
ters the new year with bright prospects
After the ceremonies there was a pro
gramme of entertainment and dancing.
been standing up earnestly for the stars
and stripes during the country's troubles
°f the past year, both with Spaniards and
Filipinos. m
Only a few people have any conception
of the work done at the local recruiting
station. They see the names of several
recruits published In the papers, but rare
ly think of the aggregate. Almost every
one is familiar with the fact that in tho
war with Spain Kentucky furnished four
regiments. Yet scarcely any know that
in addition to this Kentucky furnished
another army, almost as large, which was
composed exclusively of regulars. During
the war the Louisville recruiting station
alone enlisted 116S recruits, and it i*
usually conceded that the State outside
of Louisville furnished two-thirds of the
recruits enlisted in the State of Kentucky
These figures show that in addition to the
four regiments of volunteers Kentucky
also furnished recruits enough in the reg
ular army to fill three more regiments.
In addition to this many young men from
"Western Kentucky enlisted in Tennessee
volunteer regiments.— Louisville Courier-
Journal, y
ADVERTISEMENT^
FOR DOUBTERS. ;- ,
Easy to Investigate This.
Mr. J. T. Gallagher of 83 Clinton aye.,
Albany, N. V., writes the foKowlnsr.
which Is of Intel t to any one suffering
from the pain and annoyance of piles.
Tho gentleman says:
"I suffered for six months from ltchins
plies.
"The Pyramid Pile Curo -was recom-
mended and I used one box, which cured
me completely
"The pain and apony which I under-
went was something Indescribable. I
used many other remedies with only tem-
porary relief. Had I known that the form. •
of the Pyramid Pile Cure was a supposi-
tory I would have used It long before I
did. The Pyramid Pile Cure reaches tha
seat of the disease and a soothing sensa-
tion is experienced at once.
"This la bona fide, and any one who is
incredulous may write to my address and .
I will verify the above by return mall.
"Respectfully.
"J. T. GALLAGHER.
"83 Clinton Aye..
"Albany. N. Y."
The Pyramid Pile Cure has been a
pleasant surprise to thousands of suffer-
ers from piles, because of the Instant re-
lief it gives and prompt cure which re-
sults from its regular use. and this la
done without the use of opiates, narcot-
ics or poisons of any kind, as the Pyra-
mid Is wholly free from any injurious
drug 1 whatever.
Hundreds who had almost decided to
undergo an operation, believing nothing
else would cure them, have been aston-
ished to find that a fifty-cent box of th«
Pyramid Pile Cure was far safer, better
and more effective than an operation
could possibly be.
The Pyramid Is sold by all druggists at
GO cents for full sized package.
Write to Pyramid Drug Co.. Marshall.
Mich., for little book on cause and euro
of piles.
SENATE PASSES
PENSION BILL
Occasion for Attacks on
the Commissioner.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. ID.— The pension
appropriation bill, carrying $145,245,250.
was passed by the House to-r*ay. It was
made the vehicle of an attack upon tho
Commissioner of Pensions by Curtis (R.)
of Kansas, who was seconded by Lentz
and Norton of Ohio and Robinson of In
diana, and other Northern Democrats.
All ln\-e!ghed against the lack of liberal
ity In the administration of tho pension
laws.
Tho Commissioner was ably defended]
by a score of members from both sides
of the House. Mahon (R.) of Pennsyl
vania charged that the assault upon him
had been Instigated by tho "pension
sharks" of this city who were robbing
the old soldiers. As a result of the lat
ter's disclosures, a rider was put upon tho
bill by unanimous consent, empowering
the Commissioner, in his discretion, to
withhold the fees of attorneys of record
In pension cases where he was satisfied
that the attorneys had not prepared the
cases under their personal supervision.
Mr. Barney of Wisconsin, who was In
charge of tho pension bill, made a gen
eral statement of Its contents. He said
the Commissioner of Pensions estimated
that the amount for pensions during tho
coming year would largely decrease, but,
owing to the influx of claims on account
of the Spanish war. he did not deem It
wise to reduce the appropriation this year.
There were 25, (K») Spanish war claims
pendJng. The Commissioner thought Ova
or six millions would cover, them.
New Cable Lines.
France Is absolutely dependent upon England
for news of the Transvaal war, because the
cables are under her control, and she Is ready
to tpend » vaßt Bum of money to free herself.
This Is like many people who, after allowing
dyspepsia to settle upon them, epend a fortune
seeking deliverance. Save your money and try
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, the medicine which
ne\-er falls to cure dyspepsia, constipation, bll
iuusness, malaria, fever and ague.
To men who have battered their stomachs
with drugs I want them to exercise their Judg
ment and consider that electricity Is the great
est power on earth. Its unseen current puts
life and force into whatever It touches. The
constant, steady life extended by my new
Electric Appliances gives Instant relief and
never falls to cure Rheumatism. Uackache,
Kidney troubles. Early Decay, Night Losses,
Lark of Nerve Force and Vigor, Nervous De
bility, Undevelopment and Lost Vitality. You
may not have faith In It now, but wear It for
thirty days and you will then realize why I
have such confidence In it as to send it to
you on trial.
I receive the most wonderful testimonials day
PROP. A. CHRTSTAU
A well-known professor has made the fort
unate discovery t.iat what has heretofore been
known as Impotency or lost manhood is duo
to paralysis of the nervea. Am it requires a
vigorous condition of the nerves to control the
muscles, the professor has found a wonderful
power that Instantly awakens the nerves and
thus restores complete muscular strength.: He
says: The marvelous power exerted by recent
additions and Improvements to mv electric belt
and appliances Induces me to sand It on thirty
days' free trial ho certain am I that It will
cure and that the wearer will gladly pay the
small price asked after the thirty days' trial.
?£ ter $?? y \ Rei V S^ B - Stephens of Derrr Sta
tion. Westmoreland County. Pa., says it cured
him of a terrible disease, that had deprived
him of happiness. His nerves were in a bad
condition of weakness, but In three days after
putting on the belt and suspensory he felt
wonderfully improved and now has the full
strength and vigor of every member of the
body.
Georße A. Johnson, box 112. Painted Post N'
T., says that while he never practiced excess
except when young he found hlms.-lf at forty
a prematurely old man. but the belt and sus
pensory have completely restored him
J. V. Spencer of Grafton. W. Va.. says he
spent hundreds of dollars In medicines and the
old styles of electric belts so w»«.eiy advertised
but received no benefit. Although Hfty-slx
years old and for twelve yearn a sufferer of
lost manhood my belt cured him sound and
well and he is now stronfr anu vigorous
A. Zahlhnus of Sharpsburjr. Pa., wore mv
belt and suspensory for unhealthy organs and
emissions and has regained perfect strength
and health.
George K. Makley of Oneonta. N. V . states
that after trying everything ne could find with
out any benefit he tried one of my Belts and
appliances and was cured of varlcocel' een
eral debility and lack of nerve force and
vigor, lie gained eight pounds In thirty-five
days and would not take JIOO for the belt If h*
could not get another.
John B. Rardsley of Gunnlson. Colo., says
the belt and suspensory have entirely ' cured
him and he will gladly explain what his
trouble was to all who care to inquire as he
in very much enthused by his recovery
S. I*. Fry of Redding. lowa, says the b#lt
saved his life and he will gladly tell other
sufferers his experience.
Thousands of others write In the same grate
ful manner, and snould the reader desire to
write to any of these gentlemen please senrt
a stamp for reply. "*
Do not fall to write at once to Profes<<or a
Chrystal. ST7 Postofflee Wock. Marshall Mich '
as he Is anxious to have every man wear his
new and marvelous belt and suspensory for
thirty days and try It fully before spending
a c«nt for It. Remember after giving the belt
a trial if you are not perfectly satisfied return
It to us. It costs you nothing to try It.
Write to-day before you forget it.
Will Be Sent Free on Thirty Days Trial So All May Experience the
Wonderful Sensation of Restored Vigor— Without Cost.
Marvelous Nerve Force Imparted by a New and
Startling Discovery-Every Weak, Nervous or
Enfeebled Man Should Give It a Test. -
30 DAYS TRIAL FREE
OFFICERS INSTALLED.
The new officers of Court Barbarossa
No. 79 of the Foresters of America have
been installed, and they are: M. Herrel,
chief ranger; F. Luesch, sub-chief; F.
A Change of Air.
"I don't see why you have substituted
William's name for mine in your will. Un
cle George," said Augustus. "I have not
been all that I should be. but who has?"
"No one, my dear boy; no one. But I
thought that, considering my health, a
change of heir would do me good. You
are a trifle too sultry to suit me."—Har
per's Bazar.
MURDER TRIAL CONCLUDED.
Nevertheless Mrs. Rich May Have to
Linger in a Mexican Jail.
EL PASO. Jan. ID.— The trial of Mrs.
John Rich, at Juarez, Mexico, for the
murder of her husband there last May.
was concluded to-day before the Judge of
letters. The taking of evidence has been
in progress several months. The attor
neys argued the case this afternoon and
Judge Gonzales announced that he would
render his decision in about eight days.
This decision is subject to review by the
higher tribunal at the city of Chihuahua,
and if the -decision is favorable to the
American woman it may yet bo several
months before she Is released.
Berghold, financial, and T. B. Blum, re
cording secretary. The other officers are:
P. T. Wagner. H. Haab, A. Bergk, H. B.
Albers, C. Scharmberg, Thomas Wiese
and C. Heinrichs. After the work there
was a social hour and vocal music was
furnished by the National Quartet.
The following named officers of the First
Hebrew Ladles' Mutual Benefit Association
were Installed for the current term in B'nai
B'rlth Hall: I. Adams, president; J. Sterling,
vice president; S. Meyer, secretary; I. I?aer,
treasurer; M. Davis, >J. S. Frtedberg and I*
Solomon, trustees; P. Fromberg, messenger;
Mrs. Augusta Morris, prelate. After the ad
ministering of the obligations there was an
installation banquet and addresses. A set of
table silver was presented to Barush Conn, the
past president.
The officers of Borromean Council, No.
129, Young Men's Institute, were
installed by Harry McCarthy, John
Doyle and M. J. Collonan as a
committee. After the Installation the
hall was cleared for dancing. The fol
lowing are officers: Chaplain, the Rev.
Joseph A. McAullffe: past president. Ed
ward J. Coffey; president. Daniel Hurst;
first vice president, Harry McCarthy, sec
ond vice president. John Smith; recording
secretary. Frank D. O'Neill; financial sec
retary, M. J. Collonan; treasurer. Dr. C J.
McCarthy; marshal. J. M. Bios; Inside
sentinel. Professor P. W. d'Arcy. Execu
tive committee— John Doyle, E. J. Coffey,
H. Gaffney: medical examiner. Dr. J. H.
Seymour; delegate to board of manage
ment, H. McCarthy.
mRS. M. A. SWIFT, wife of Captain Henry Swift of the Thirteenth
Regiment, now in Manila, was arrested at the Palace Hotel by De
tective Cody yesterday morning and taken to the City Prison, where
she was booked on the charge of obtaining goods and money by fali-e
pr^nses from Mangrum & Otter, hardware merchants. Her bonds were fixed
In JlOO, or $50 cash. She is 40 years of age, and to all appearance is a mental
and physical wreck from her love for morphine. It was pitiable to see her as
she nervously Intertwined her fingers while being spoken to.
When arrested she told Detective Cody that she had no money nor friends
and had been unable to buy her breakfast. She repeated the assertion with
tears in her eyes in the prison. "I have no money," she said, "and haven't
a relative or friend in the world except my husband, and he is In Manila."
She begged to be excused from talking about the case, and said she thought
that General Shatter would get her out of her trouble. In the afternoon two
army surgeons called at the prison to see her, and said they had been sent by
the general. They had a long conversation with her, and it was evident that
they came to the conclusion she wa3 not responsible for her actions. It is
possible that will be the defense. They did not obtain her release from jail.
The offense for which she was arrested was for purchasing goods of the
value of 514 25 from Maogrum & Otter and giving a check on the First Na
tional Bank of Denver, purporting to be signed by her husband, in payment.
She received the difference, $13 75. in cash. The check was sent through a lo
cal bank for collection, and was returned with a note that the signature tvis
a forgery. Other firms were victimized in the same way, but have not taken
any action against her. It was reported that she had money on deposit at the
Palace Hotel, but she denied it. Tha case will be called in Judge Cabanlss'
court this morning.
ACCEPTS RESIGNATION OF
AUSTRIAN MINISTRY
Emperor Francis Joseph Entrusts the
Formation of a New Body to
Dr. Yon Koerher.
VIENNA. Jan. I?.— Emperor Francis
Joseph to-day accepted the resignation of
the ministry of Dr. yon Wittek and has
entrusted to Dr. yon Koerber the task of
forming a new ministry. The following
assignments of portfolios have been made
by the Premier:
Minister cf the Interior, ad interim— Dr.
yon Kcerber.
Minister or Railways— Dr. yon Wittek.
Minister of Finance— Heir Bawrel.
Minister of Justice— Hcrr Boeden.
Minister of National Defense— Count
WV.serstimb.
Fezou a Czech, and Pietok. a Pole, are
appointed Ministers without portfolios.
Revolution Is Spreading.
PORT Or SPAIN. Trinidad. Jan. 19.—
It is rumored that the revolution is spread
ing In Venezuela. An announcement is
made that Generals VaJer.tine Perez and
Galonder nr.d the military and civil chiefs
or San Fernando de Apure have declared
for General Hernandez and will hold th-it
city lor the revolutionists.
INSURGENTS FLEEING
BEFORE OUR TROOPS
Cordon of Infantry and Cavalry
Throughout Panay Renders
Excellent Service.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
cablegrams from General Otis;.
MAXILA. Jan. 19— Hughes report* from San
Jose de Uuena Vista, western coast of Panay.
that he crossed the mountains In a north
westerly direction from San Joaquln. Southern
Panay. on the 17th. Struck the enemy cross-
Ing the Antique Hlver and captured rifled can
non and Nordenfeldt; pursued Insurgents
throuKh Antique. Kgana and Sibalom and
marched to San Jose. Casualties, one wound
ed; enemy's loss considerable. Kntlre popula
tion fled to the mountains. Heat oppressive
Mac Arthur reports. 17th lnst.. that thirty
five rifles surrendered at Floda Ulanca: that
at Manlbaug. Mcltea. Third Infantry, captured
three insurgent officers, wife of General iles
cardo. considerable Insurgent property and
llberatel three Spanish prisoners; that at Ca
lanK, captured ten Insurgents, burned seven
tons of rice and Insurgent barracks; that Sul
livan. Thirty-fourth Infantry, near San Jose,
surprised Insurgent force, captured six rifles
and considerable live stock; that Lieutenant
Houle. Third Infantry, captured near llalolos
one officer, twenty-five men and six rifles;
that \an Horn. Seventeenth Infantry, struck
ladrones at Santa Cruz, killed seventeen,
wounded five, captured thirteen and nine rifles.
Mac Arthur reports. JSrh lnst.. strong mounted
position west of Mabalacal occupied by Gen
eral Illzon and fifty men captured yesterday
by Mcßea. Third Infantry; enemy left lieuten
ant and four dead men In trenches; McUea
captured captain, one man. 130 rifles, several
thousand rounds of ammunition, destroyed
arsenal, quantity of rice; casualties, one man
wounded. Bates reports that Schwan's col
umn cavalry refitting at Batangas to move
eastward on 19th; Infantry now moving In
that direction: enemy retiring, suffering loss
In men and property and our casualties few,
mostly slight wounds; that portion of Whea
ton's troops will enter Lemery and Taal to
morrow, now meeting opposition in mountains,
which Impedes march; six officers, fifty-four
enlisted men. four civil employes, eleven friars,
all Spanish prisoners released by Schwan. ar
rived from Ttatanims last evening. Nearly 200
arrived in Manila the day before via Calamba.
Young. at Vlgan reports a number of success
ful skirmishes in the mountains with remnants'
of insurgent organization and robber bands
with light casualties among his troops. The
Kobbe expedition of the Randolph Battery and
Forty-third and Forty-seventh Infantry, con
voyed by navy vessels Helena and Nashville,
sailed for Albany province and Satar and
Leyt<; Islands yesterday.
WILL GO TO MANILA.
Thomas Morrison Appointed Auditor
in the Postal Department.
Special Dispatch to Th? Call.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 19.— Thomas F. Morri
son, who now holds the office of County
Auditor, has secured the appointment of
auditor of the Postal Department In the
Philippines through Congressman Loud.
Yesterday the nomination was sent t^ the
Senate for confirmation. A few days ago
Morrison was asked if he would accept
the position and he Immediately wired
that he would. It Is said the salary is
$5000 per year, and he has the appointment
of about a dozen clerks.
This will create a vacancy in the audi
torship. Morrison has only held the office
for a few months, he having been ap
pointed to fill a vacancy caused by the
death of A. L. Veuve. J. D. Mackenzie is
Morrison's deputy, and more than likely
the Supervisors will appoint him to the
place.
Tho vacancy In the City Justiceship
caused by the death of City Justice Gass
Is another place the Supervisors have the
filling of. There are a couple of dozen af
ter the Job. the most prominent being H.
L. Partridge. Louis Oneal, W. J. KJrkpat
rick and C. W. Cobb.
LIVESTOCK ASSOCIATION
CONVENTION ADJOURNS
National Body Closes Its Third An
nual Meeting After Electing
Officers for the Term.
FORT WORTH. Tex., Jan. 19.— The
third annual convention of the National
Livestock Association closed this evening
after deciding to meet next year at Salt
Lake City. The convention Indorsed the
construction of the Nicaragua canal, the
admission of New Mexico, Arizona and
Oklahoma to statehood; the appointment
of John N. Simpson of Texas as com
missioner to the Paris Exposition; passed
a resolution asking Congress to care for
the agricultural colleges throughout the
entire country and elected the following
officers:
John W. Springer, president, re-elected;
Charles F. Martin. Denver, secretary; J.
M. Holt. Montana, first vice president; J.
D. Wood, Idaho, second vice president;
George J. Goulding. Colorado, treasurer.
No material changes were made In the
executive committee.
FREE TRADE WITH PUERTO RICO
Effect of a Bill Introduced in the
House.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.—Representa
tive Payne of New York, chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee, to-day in
troduced a bill in the House to extend the
custom laws of the United States to Puer
to Rico and make it a customs district.
The effect of the enactment of this bill
Into law would be free trade between the
United States and Puerto Rico.
m
Scientific Expedition to Start.
SALT LAKE, Jan. 19.— A scientific expe
dition, composed of twenty persons, under
the auspices of the Brlgham Young Acad
emy of Provo, Utah, will start out about
April 1 on a trip to extend for fifteen
months. The expedition will go through
Mexico, thence to Central America and
along the routes of the Nicaragua and
Panama canals and then through South
America to Valparaiso. The members of
the expedition will study the ancient ruins
and general topography of the country
through which they will travel, with a
special view to geology and mineralogy.
WIFE OF AN ARMY
CHAPLAIN IN PRISON
OSMAN DIGNA
A PRISONER
AT LAST
Capture of the Famous
Dervish Leader.
WAS RECOGNIZED NEAR TOKAH
BIGHT-HAND MAN OF THE LATE
KHALIFA ABDULLAH.
Famous General Only an Arab by
Adoption, as Both His Parents
Were French and He Was
Born in France.
CAIRO, Jan. 19.— News was received
here to-night that Osman Digna, principal
general of the late Khalifa Abdullah, has
been captured.
It has been known that he was once li
the neighborhood of Tokah six days ago.
and several expeditions were organized
from Suakim, under Captain Burgess,
with the result that Osman Dlgna was
taken unhurt In the hills yesterday. He
will arrive at Suakim to-morrow.
Osman Digna, the rebel leader, who dur
ing the last ten years has kept the Eng
lish troops at bay around Suakim, caus
ing an immense expenditure of British
blood and treasure, is a renegade French
man, a native of Rouen. The authenticity
of this strange story is vouched for by the
famous African traveler. Dr. Schwein
furth, by Dr. Felkin and by several, other
equally renowned authorities on questions
relating to the Soudan. Osman Digna was
born on the banks of the Seine in 1836, and
was christened at the cathedral at Rouen
under the name of George. When about
11 years old his father, a certain Joseph
Nesbit, failed in business and betook him
self with his wife and child to EgyDt
where he died a short time afterward '
His widow, who found herself almost
penniless, contracted a few months later
a. marriage with a well-known Mahamme
dan merchant of Alexandria, Osman Dig
na by name. Having no children of his
own he became exceedingly fond of young
George Nisbet Insisted on his becoming
converted to the Mahammedan faith and
entered him under the name of Osman
Dlgna Jr. at the military school at Cairo
where the lad received a careful training
at the hands of the distinguished French
German and British officers attached to
the college as professors. In IS6O the whole
family took up their residence at Suakim
where old Osman Digna soon became
known as the leading merchant and prin
cipal slave dealer of the whole Red Sea
coast.
On his death, five years afterward his
stepson. George Nisbet, Inherited his for
tune and his business, and under the
name of Osman Digna soon acquired even
greater wealth, power and influence.
\\ hen the insurrection broke out at Cairo
in ISS2. he warmly espoused the cause of
Arabl Pacha, the rebel leader, who was
an old classmate and friend of his It
was on this occasion that he was elected
chief of the Sheiks of the Eastern Sou
dan. So great was his power that both
the Mahdl and his successor were forced
to treat the "French Arab" with extreme
consideration and to defer to his wishes
Osman Digna Is of Herculean stature'
with eyes of piercing blackness, shaggy
eyebrows and an immense beard. He has
lost his left arm in battle, and contents
himself with as few as three wives who
however, are daughters of the chiefs of
the most important and powerful Arab
tribes of the Soudan. It is to his train-
Ing at the military school at Cairo that
must be attributed the remarkable skill
displayed by O?man Digna in the con
struction of fortilicatlone and lntrench
ments around Suakim. fully equal In mer
it to those of the British royal engineers.
As the Soudanese have never anywhere
else shown any knowledge of throwing
up earthworks, their skill around Suakim
gave rise to the suspicion that Osman
Digna was but the norn de guerre of a
European, possessed of a very extended
knowledge of military tactics. The sus
picion has now became a certainty
PITIFUL PLIGHT
OF AN AGED
CAPITALIST
Raised Checks On an
Estate.
HIS CONFESSION IN COURT
NOW HE IS IN A PECK OF
TROUBLE.
Special Rlspatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 19.— Abram King, the
aged capitalist who is charged with loot
ing the estate of Stephen Hobson, an in
competent, while acting as guardian, took
the witness-stand in his own behalf to
day. He admitted he had raised the bill
of John Anthes from $15 90 to $25 ?0 for
work performed for the estate, but said
he had done so merely as a memorandum
and because he had expended $10 addi
tional for the estate. King said Anthes
had done paperhanging to the extent of
$15 90. and afterward plastering had been
done by another party amounting to $10.
He had no voucher for the latter charge
and added the $10 to Anthes' bill in order
to make it a charge against the estate.
IClng also admitted he had raised two
bills from Hobson & Co. for clothing,
from $7 50 to $17 50 and from $3 50 to $4 50
for the same reason.
When ho was questioned in regard to
his past life he broke down and cried. He
said he had been president of the First
National Bank, besides serving the peo
ple as Justice of the Peace, Supervisor,
Councilman and Associate Judge of the
County Court. King had not finished his
testimony when an adjournment was
taken to Monday.
Besides the present case there are five
other indictments of forgery against
King.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900.
NEW WITNESSES IN
CLARK BRIBERY CASE
Ex-Chaplain Who Acted as Inter
mediary in the Buying of a
Senator's Vote.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.— The hearing
i before the Senate Committee on Pri\i
lr\™<F and Elections in the case of Senator
'lark of Montana developed four new
witnesses and continued to finish the tes
timony of the accountant. Rector, who
had been on the stand Wednesday. The
new witnesses were Representative
Cooncy. T. 1\ DutJer. a preacher named
Warren, who was chaplain of the Mon
tana House of Representatives, and a
lawyer named Cason. The last named
two testified to many incidental proceed
ings, which lent exceptional interest :o
their statements.
Rector testified that all he did In secur
(ng rooms was reported to the higher
authorities; and volunteered in this con
nection the statement that "in the case
of every man purchased It was necessary
to report to Mr. Clark." He had not made
fuc!) reports himself, being "only a pri
vate" and not on such terms of familiar
ity with the "big guns" as to justify his
approaching them. He renewed the state
ment, made in his examination-in-chlef.
that apartments in the Warren Hotel had
be«n refused because there was no un
derground passage from that building to
the Legislative hall, contending seriously
that Mr. Clark's managers desired such a
passage. Davidson had. he said. left' the
money with him for Steele in an open r;i
x-elope. Money had been thus brought to
the room by Davidson and left for Stee'.e
en three diflernt occasions just before the
meeting of the Legislature. Rector said
he did not know what sum was brought in
by Davidson at any time.
"I only know." he said, "that we ism]
den!y accumulated a drawer full of
money."
He did not know what was done with
It. He did know, however, that Powell
Black had been sent out to "get" a mem
Iwr of the Legislature who was to have
$5000. and after returning he had said that
he had a hard trip but that "it was all
light." In another Instance Black hud
raid he had "landed his fish inside of an
bour."
Tne Tvltnrs? said he h.irt not told any
cne that if n- was not paid money by the
Clark people he wDuld testify as he had
dene, or that Mr. Hennpssy of Butte was
to pay him yoveral hundred dollars.
Rev. B. E. If. Warren, who was chap
lain of the Montana Hou^e of Represent
atives in the last s?ssion. was called. On
cross-examination Warren said he had
resigned his ministry in the Methoiisi
church after giving his testimony before
the Montana Supreme Court because of
the numerous scandalous reports that
were put into circulation about him. He
said In reply to questions that previous
to pcinp to* Helena he had had a diffi
culty tt S»-»ct Grafs.
"A man called me a bad name," he said,
"and 1 knocked him down ar-d gave him
a thrashing."
Mr. Warren related the details of two
conversations he had with Senator Clark
while the Legislature was in session and
just previous to the election of Mr. Clark.
"I told him that 1 heard a Democratic
member (Riving the name of a member of
the House) say he would support Mr.
Clark for a consideration," said the wit
ness.
•• 'How much docs he want?' Clark
asked.
" 'About $10,000. I think,' I replied. Clark
studied a moment and said, 'I can't do
anything like that myself, but 1 will have
it fix*-d. He did not, however, cay who
would tlx it."
Z. T. Cason. an attorney at Butte, tes
tified that he had been authorized by Sen
ator Clark to say to Representative Mar
eyes that Clark would pay him $10,000 for
his vote tor the United States Senate.
"He also said to me," the witness added,
"that Mr. Wellcpme was handling his
funds and would supply me with expense
money."
Continuing. Mr. Cason said he had seen
Mr. Wellcome, who had given him $50 for
expenses, and that afterward he had seen
Mr. Marcyes eever.il times, and after sat
isfying himself that Marcyes would vote
for Clark had bo reported to him. He had
not. however, made any suggestion of a
money consideration to Mr. Marcyes.
Afterward Marcyes had voted for Clark,
and on February 4 he had received a let
tor from Mr. Clark inclosing a check for
$500 for "professional services." This let
ter was produced and identified, and Mr.
Cason said that the only services he had
rendered Mr. Clark were in connection
with the Senatorial races.
IT CREATES A WARM FEELING
of respect between hostess and caller
when he Is attired In Immaculate linen,
a/id his shirt front, collars and cuffs
show the stamp of our perfect laundry
work upon them. No frayed linen, no
streaked shirt front ever leaves this
laundry, but your laundry work is sent
home Just like new. U. S. Laundry As-
sociation.
United State* Laundry* Offlc»
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SHO XOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf
fer Longer! The joys and ambition* of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst c«»es of \>rvou« l»et>t|ltT «r»
abnolntelTcured by PEKPEOTO
TA It L. f/Tt. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia falling memory ami tb* wtato
ami drain o( vital powers. Incurred by
Impart Tifror and potency to every func-
tion. Brace apttte system. Give bloom to tba
cheeks and lustre to th» eye« of /_-^t\ young or old.
One nOc l.ox renews Tit«l energy. rjlMa boxes as
f'i.SOa complete uuar.tnte«-il cure T^sir or money re-
funded. Can be carried In rest >«*ls>' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by TUX PIBFStTO CO., Caxtoa BMf., Chlt.je, la.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
n CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
B «/TJ*V Original aait Only Oeaalae.
AJ(J£§SI *" CHICHKSTEB'S ENGLISH
fr^-ei^jS^Vi la llt'.D sal Gold mrtallia bom. mIM
TTV -r^%*4 "'«n »Im> rlbboa. Take ¦• other. Uc (%••.„
Tn *** **[J Sabatltntima u4 lmltn-
I / fZT v*"»u *"»- Bu 7 •' y°» Dntgin. *t ma\ 4e. la
I t —' Jf i»«w *>r Particulars, Tctlmool.l.
VC* f? « d '* Keller fWr l,aJ lea." in Mrr. b? re-
—A. * /' turn Mall. 1 0.O4H) TMtimoataU. SoM »r
— / «a I)r«m.u. Chlehester Chemical C«^
Mentloa this pap«r. Mxllwa »«aar*. fUILA, VA.
r'-^f&BZZfti**,, -t KU « ti » non-pei*err>T»
*<sfiLsP*^^to&A '"aedy UonorrhceZ
m gaXSH o\mt. Sp^rnatorrhccv
#s^ialto&a*T*.\H Whitsj, unnatural iis.
fluff GoaraatwJ n raarge*, or any inflarnmav.
«*tjf noi to strtstnrs. tion, irritation or ulcera*
j»> '%?nnaiM ecamlop. tlon *>f ran coos cien*.
Sf?IYHEEvJI>IS CHE¥!£iICo. br*n«. iJoo-aatrlagent.
*jrtakC:Na«ATUO .PESBJ *° l<f *»7 Brutrimu,
X*H\. V. ". a jvm 0T sent |T1 Pl»ln wr\pr«r,
t>7 oxprtng. prepaid, t<st
ts circiuai Mac ca n^ r« »ifc
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAZU V AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
nodeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Kuoms. Wo to ti So day;
$5 to IS week: $8 to (20 month. Frea batha: not
acd cold water «very room; fir* crat-w in cverx
room; elevator runa all night.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULO USE DAMIAXA EITTERS. TUB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to rexual organs. Dt-pot. 323 Market.
winter resort.
special round-trip tickets to
PASOROBLESSB£ph, r
Meat noted Mineral Spring* in United States.
Marvelous cures of Rheumatism, Blood. Liver.
Ktdney. Stomach and other disorders. Apply
FRANK W. ELY. City Asent. SiO Market ab
America has 426 colleges.
3Time— H, :tf; :37; %. 1:02%: T4, I:2SH. Bad start. Wen cleverly. Becond and third
driving. Winner, E. J. Baldwin 1 * b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-Miss Ford.
Owyhee pounds the best Jenkins should take-some "wake-up drops." Afghan blew
up. Tempo sulked. Beautiful Bill received a dreamy, dreary, delightful' ride.*
Scr*tch*J-Fonso m, Loconomo 104, Tekla v. Delecta 10*
OFFER!
c-»' i V» *
Until further notice I will take in any
other make of electric belt as half pay-
ment on one of mine. If you have used
one of the old style burning electric
belts, or the kind that Rive no current at
all, and wish to realize the benefits
which can be had from the use of a sen-
uine electric belt which cannot burn nor
blister, send me your old belt and I will
send you one of my latest improved
belts at one-half my list price. Take ad-
vantage of this offer at once, as I re-
serve the privilege of withdrawing it at
any time after this month. It is made
simply to establish the value of my Belt
with those who have been disappointed
with other kinds..
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
7C2 Kirket 6u, Cer. Etirty. E. T.
A&a cor. Eprlrg and Second, Los Angeles. (
pleases, and where they are unplaced it
s not to ooerate atralnpt them. •
To-Day's Entries.
Flrn ra/>e— Three and a half f.urlonjr»; two
year-olds.
€16 Carlonlan 104! 635 Kingstelle 104
(64: >M. F. Tarpey...lll! 635 St. Rica 105
636 Bride Ale 105] ... The Gafflr 11l
...Grafter ICS! B. c. I'ncaa-
B. %.. Cicero- Laeittata.
Leap Tear.
Peoond race — One mile and a half; three-year
olds and upward; selling.
CT4 Chlmura 100 C 49 Daisy F 104
€37 Rllly M - Closkey.lC3 &1S Meadowthorpe .110
64S Topmaft 107
Third race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: eelllnr.
€47 Maud Ferguson. 102 ' 647 Good Hope 104
6EB Orion IC9 ¦ 6.".3 Hlkli Hoe 107
647 Oenua 102 CS4 Anasa 107
647 Rnpalbra 110 ESI Wyoming: IC9
tt6 Kitty Kelly 93 &?2 Yaruba 108
f«» Oiamplon Rope, hi 624 Wild Het 105
(UZ)SIy 111 '(636) 8en Ledl 110
(:.27>Tutrlll S6 €47 Allcnna 93
636 Socialist 11l i
Fourth race — One mile; Turf Congress stakes-
COCO added.
(643)<5oyser 121' er-ft Sardine 99
COO Plorned 101^ 6'U OUnthus 116
(37 K. VV. 8r0de....104 (649) Zoroaster 116
(Ksl)Bannr>ckburn ...124 C 26 Flower of Gold.. 99
643 Bendoran 124 (62R)AnJou 104
CO TellowtaJl 104: 643 Advance Guard. lo4
TALENT HAD
TO SEND FOR
MORE MONEY
Curious, Unfathomable Upsets
at Tanforan — Facade
Wins at 30 to J.
A broken-down, weary and dejected
looking crowd returned from Tanforan
yeftorday at the conclusion of the Fix
acts of racing. Empty of pocket and sad
at heart it had witnessed five heavily
flayed favorites led out to the slaughter,
vhlle the bookies fattened and made
merry. It would not have seemed so hard
could Merops have been returned a win
rcr. He was baxrked to a standstill to
land the third event, but the start ruined
hja chances. Facade, a3O to 1 shot, led all
the way, beating Grand Sachem, another
outsider, hands down. The other heavily
played ones in the race also met with the
same sort of hard luck.
Barney Schrelber's filly Sofala had
freshened up wonderfully since his previ
ous run and the opening three furlong
scramble for two-year-olds was only a
gallop for her. Rathgar, the second
choice, had all he could do to beat Moon
t>right for place honors. The winner
tripped off the distance in :35^, now the
track record.
Orion was supposed to b* the real live
one fcr the five furlong sprint following,
lii« price falling from twos to even money.
I'o^s' sprinter showed considerable speed,
but was ur.able to finish closer up than
third. Gold Baron led to within a few
yards of the wire, where he was collared
and beaten out by Tirona, a 12 to 1 shot,
ridden by Henry.
The lightweight of the company. Major
S. with J. Sullivan «p, captured the hur
dle rver.t. Credo hit the second obstacle
a hard rap, falling and bringing down the
favorite. Granger, at the same time. Ma
jor S fenced well, winning easily from
Monlta. Lomo could not handle his 147
pounds to much ad vantage, finishing third.
More than two-thirds of the talent
placed their money on the chances of
Catastrophe to win the second mllo sell-
Ing affair. Jenkins got him cut off at the
first turn, falling back, and later comlnt;
on in time to finish third. The I>ady took
the lead from Harry Thoburn on enter
ing the stretch and, hard ridden, gained
the decision from Merry Boy by a head.
.Norford, from the Baldwin stable, cap
tured the final race on the card at odds
of 15 to 1. Owyh^e came from the far
rear, downing Afghan for the place.
Track Notes.
It was reported that McKenna. who
Tode Credo. Buffered a fracture of two of
his ribs when the Jumper took a header.
Glover escaped with a 6evere shaking up.
Johnny Sullivan, the pilot of Major H,
cays he has done with the Jumping horse
game. Too many chances and not enough
coin In it for him.
There should be great rivalry between
th« Jockeys next meeting at Oakland, as
•w^ll as increasing the eeneral public in
terest in the fport. Thinking to infuse
fresh impetus to the game, the California
Jockey Club has offered a handsome sold
watch to the rider scoring the greatest
number of points during the meeting
cnmmcncir.it January 22 and ending Feb
ruary 10. Points to govern are as follows:
Three points for each winning mount, two
points for earn t^econd place, one pclnt
for each third place; the rider securing
the greatest number of points to win the
prize. This is not to be computed by pcr
oer.tapeE of winning and losing mourns.
Each Jockey ran ride as many races as he
r»CT/> FIFTH RACE — One mile: selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500
Bernstein Loses to Broad.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— Kid Broad of
Cleveland defeated Joe Bernstein of this
city in a hard fought battle of twenty-five
rounds before the Broadway Athletic
Club to-night. Bernstein's blows lacked
force. From the tenth round to the end
of the bout the Issue was never in doubt,
as Broad did all the forcing and most of
the hitting. At the end of the twenty
fifth round both men were on their feet
and fighting furiously, and Charlie White
awarded the fight to Broad.
New Baseball League.
STOCKTON, Jan. 19.— Henry Harris, the
baseball manager 6f San Francisco, is
here to-day and has arranged with Stock
ton capitalists to form a league, with San
Francisco, Oakland and Sacramento,
making four teams in the string. Pitcher
Harper Is to be manager of tho Stockton
team if he gets a release from Sacra
mento. **,
Anthony Defeats Welch.
SEATTLE, Jan. 19.— Jim Anthony of
San Francisco defeated Mike Welch of
Seattle before the Seattle Athletic Club
to-night in twelve rounds.
"Have you heard from your son In the
Philippines, Mrs. Parkins?"
"Oh; yes, indeed, Mrs. Jones. He writes
regularly."
"And is his heart In this war?"
"I don't know exactly. I judge from
what he says that it Is in his boots most
of the time."— Harper's Bazar.
The infant prodigy at 4 may b« a fool
at 40.
Academic League Election.
The annual meeting of the Academic
Athletic League was held last night in
tho Olympic Club. The following offi
cers were elected for the ensuing term:
President, Dr. W. A. Brewer; vice presi
dent Charles Townsend; treasurer, Her
bert Hansen; secretary, B. L. York; dele
gate to the Pacific Association, Amateur
Athletic Union, Herbert Hansen.
Palo Alto High School, Lyceum School
and State Normal School were dropped
from the roll for non-payment of neld
day fines.
J. J. BURKE— Presiding Judge
J. F. CALDWELL— Starter.
VARIOUS INSTALLATIONS.
More New Officers Who Have Prom
ised to "Manage Well and Truly.'"
District Deputy Grand Master Work
man Curtis, assisted by Walter Molloy
a3 grand guide and a number of members
in the capacity of grand officers, installed
the officers of Franklin Lodge No. 44 of
the Ancient Order of .United Workmen
as follows: C. E. Walter, master work
man; E. B. Hancock, foreman; A. Levy,
overseer; Otto Llump, guide; Oscar Hoff
man, inside, and AI. G. Shove, outside
watchman, and Simon Hoffman, past mas
ter. Mr. Walter is probably the youngest
member of the local lodges who has been
elected to fill the chair of master work
man, but he is energetic, and his brothers
In the lodge feel that he will make an ex
cellent officer.
The officers of Yerba Buena Lodge, A.
O. U. W., were Installed by Deputy A.
Wlgmore, assisted by J. D. Shaylor 'as
grand guide and the rest of the grand
push or deputies. The officers 'for the
term are: F. W. Bain, past master; W.
E. Bain, master workman; Charles P.
Shea, foreman; George W." Hanna, over
seer: J. W. Bollen, guide; Sydney Kahn,
inside, and William McDevitt. outside
watchman; A. Wigmore. J. D. Shaylor
and J. P. Clifford, trustees. Dr. J. B.
Clifford, the retlringf past master, was
presented a handsome emblematic charm
locket.
The following are the officers installed
for Templar Lodge of the Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows: J. H. McQueen, act
ing past grand; J. H. McKnlght, noble
grand; Thomas B. W. Leland, vice grand;
C. F. O'Neil, secretary; D. A. .Hagens.
treasurer; Samuel McKee. warden; Wil
liam Rotrosky, conductor; L. A. O. Hoff
man, inside guardian; J. J. Young, right,
and W. G. Benn, left suporter to the noble
grand; Samuel Hortop, right, and Benonla
Sarle, left supporter to the vice grand; A.
W. Wehe, right, and H. W. Quitzow Jr..
left scene supporter; Charles A. Sumner,
Benonla Sarle and C. M. Mason, trustees.
The following are the Odd Fellows who
have been Installed as officers of Presidio
Lodge No. 334, I. O. O. F.: A. P. Dodds.
acting past grand; J. F. Gibson, noble
grand; W. H. Sharpe, recording, and A.
11. Blakely. financial secretary; F.
Stelmke, treasurer: J. H. Foster, warden;
G. Wascnle, conductor; George Werner,
inside, and 3> H. Leicht, outside guard;
C. M. Symonds, right, and H. Mllling
hausen, left supporter •to noble grand:
Samuel Swerllng. right, and Victor Mor
riggia. left supporter to vice grand, J. P.
Johnson and W. F. Anderson, scene sup-
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, 1900, by H. H. Eebert.)
TANTORAN PARK, Friday, January 19, 1900.— Forty-second day
of the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track fast. *
SUSPENSION CONTINUED.
F. J. Dyment Not Permitted to Start
His Horse at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 19.— After a full
investigation of the management, training
and performance of the steeplechaser Fred
Perkins the racing governors have recom
mended that the suspension of F. J. Dy
ment, the trainer, and the horse be con
tinued Indefinitely and that entries of all
other horses in the same stable be re
fused for the remainder of the meeting,
regardless of ownership.
Nash Turner, the Jockey who was bus
pended at Saratoga last summer, has been
engaged to ride for. William C. Whitney
and it is understood he will be reinstated.
The track showed but little improvement
over yesterday and was heavy. Judge
Warden and Blue Lick were the only win
ning favorites. Results:.
Six ' furlongs, selling— Judge Warden won,
Josephine B second, Watercrest third. Time
1:19.
Seven furlongs, selling— Oration won. Trust
Me second, L*lla Smith third. Time, 1:34^.
One mile, selling— Blue Lick won. Sister Fox
second, Clara Meader third. Time. 1:49.
Six furlongs, selling— Tom Collins won. Agi
tator second, David third. Time 1:18.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Lord Xevtlle
won, George IS. Cox second, Long XMrate third.
Time, 1:26.
One and an eighth miles, selling— Frangible
won. Phyllis second. Tickful third. Time. 2:02.
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward: relllng.
599 Dolore 103; 606 Espionage 100
631 Antionetta So 510 Orady 10$
€47 Montallade KS', (642)Toriblo 107
CS Red IMrato -.107; fts7 Tom Pmlth 105
PIS Scotch Tlald 109. 606 Ping 105
637 White Fern 106 1 636 Faversham 11l
Sixth race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward. J..
653 Lona Marl* 110; 431 Maxello ?112
644 Pelecta 110, 637 Beautiful 8i11.. .115
619 Tourist II 110; 642 Lulu W 110
CO MafaJa 115' ESI Lady Helotse....llo
er.3 <I< .id Baron Utl 624 Romany ! 112
604 r F 112 624 C . H. Harrison. ll2
Second race— Daisy F, Chlmura. Topmast.
Third race— Ben Ledl, Good Hope, Sly.
Fourth race— Geyser, Bannockburn. Bendoran
Fifth race— Scotch Plaid. Antlonetta. Torlbio
Sixth race— Mafada, Lulu W. Beautlfull BUI
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Klngstelle, Carlonian, M. F. Tar
pey.
MAnYSVILLK. Jan. I?.— lt is known
here that an < xtra session petition or
caucus pledge has been signed by many
Republican members of the Legislature.
The ajrroement is of this style:
The unxSerrloiied Republican members of the
Ix-frit-latur* asree. in the event of the meeting
of a nxxr.al session of the lyec!s!ature, to go
Into orra"niip and form a Republican caucus
for the nomination of a Republican candidate
for United t-'mtes Senator to succeed Stephen
M. Whit*. F-jch caucus to consist cf not less
than i=!xty-one Republican members. We fur
ther acre* to support and vote for in the r«
tjx-ctive trnuses and In joint assembly the. can
didate who rr.ay be w!«*oted by a majority of
euch caucus bo constituted.
All vote* In fuch caucus to be taken viva
WV hereby authorize and r»<juest the re
spective prffi'line officers of the two houses
to announce at the first session of the respect
ive houses at fuch extra w»«ir.n that the cau
cus will convene In the Assembly chamber lm
mr-dlatHy after the adjournment on the first
day of such extra session.
W> also authorise and requ»?t said presiding
cfflrTs to Invite all Republican members r.i
the LofriyJature to attend and participate In
said rauous. whether they have slcned this
agreement and call cr not-
Th* ftp-nature* to this wrrrement and call
rif^d not all »x> appended to the same copy.
but thif< acrfpre^nt and rail *ha!l not fx* opera
tive fcr any purpose unt!! actually sitmed by at
l»as? sixty-one Republican mersbers of the
Legislature.
Inquiries made In this city establish the
fart that the foregoing pledge did not
emanate from the Burns camp. An extra
possion advocate, who is wrll posted, in
clines to the opinion that Senator Cutter,
one of the leaders in the fisht apainst the
election of Burr.s, is taking the initiative.
Cutter proposes that t!:<- Bfty-flve Re
publican members comprising the anti
boss forces shall organize the caucus and
name the United States Senator.
Burr.s' supporters were yesterday ap
prised of the fact that the pledges men
tioned in the Marysville dispatch had been
signed by several members of the Legis
lature. Burns was taken by surprise when
he heard the news, but gave orders that
no counter move Fhould be made until
Governor Gage returned from Los An
gelfs.
Reference Is frequently made to recent
utterances of Senator Cutter. In this city
a few days ago he said with the utmost
frankness that he would never support
Burns. He also euprgrested the immediate
organization of all the forces opposed to
Burr.s.
The Senator from Tuba was annoyed
over the publication of a list which came
from th*» Southern Pacific political bu
reau. The railroad agent claimed that
Burrs had gained fifteen recruits since
the adjournment of the regular session
and that this gain would insure forty-five
votes or a sufficient number to absolutely
control the Republican caucus. When
pressed to name the fifteen recruits the
Southern Pacific agents submitted a list
of twer.ty-three members of the Legisla
ture, asserting that the fifteen converts
were embraced in the larger number. Sen
ator Cutter's name was on the railroad
list of twenty-three. The Senator did not
make an effort to conceal his wrath when
he found that his name was on the Mexi
can roll. His first Impulse was to blame
The Call for giving the list publicity, but
after deliberation he came to the conclu
sion that The Call simply exposed a
scheme devised by Herrin to deceive in
dependent members of the Legislature.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The Press has
the following from Washington:
"You cannot deny. Senator Jones, that
a man who would advocate a modification
of the Chicajo platform would be de
nounced as a traitor to the party."
These words William J. Bryan ad
dressed to the chairman of the Democrat
ic National Committee in more emphatic
tones than he usually employs in conver
sation. They came at the close of an an
imated and at times excited argument be
tween the two men in the Metropolitan
Hotel.
Bryan arrived in Washington this
morning. Jones made his appearance as
soon as the candidate had had his break
fast. The two retired to a room and for
nearly an hour were engaged In conversa
tion. In their excitement they allowed
their voices to rise to such a pitch that
they could be heard by persons passing
In the hall.
Before the conference was half over
thoso outside, waiting to see Mr. Bryan,
knew Jones was Insisting that 16 to 1
should be kept In the background during
porters; J. R. Fraser, chaplain, and J.
Ferrettl. trustee.
San Francisco Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America had the iollow
ing named officers installed by Grand
Chief Companion Mrs. Flora Jacobs, as
sisted by Mrs. Nlehaus of Mizpah Circle:
Mrs. D. O'Callaghan, chief companion:
E. A. Springer, sub-chief; J. P. Lynch,
treasurer* U. O'Callaghan, financial, and
J. J. O'Callaghan, recording secretary;
Mrs. J. J. O'Callaghan, right, and Miss
Mary Foye, left guide; J. J. Dwyer, In
side, and J. D. O'Callaghan, outside
guard; Dr. Hugh I^agan, physician; Mrs.
Ludeman, Mrs. Inskip and J. H. rfkilll
corn, trustees. After the Installation,
which was public, there was a programme
of entertainment and dancing.
Deputy J. N. Bunting, with J. R. McGuf
fick as usher, installed the officers of Pa
cific Council of the National Union In
Native Sons' Hall. They are: E. P. Cut
ter, ex-president; II. W. Maass, presi
dent: J. H. Cutter, vice president; Emlle
H. Kahn, speaker; Malcom Fraser, re
cording, and John R. Hillman. financial
secretary; E. \V. Ferguson, treasurer; J.
N. Bunting, usher; C. E. Torres, ser
geant-at-arms; W. C. Anderson, door
keeper. During the evening there was the
presentation of a beautiful diamond-set,
emblematic button to J. II. Cutter, the
retiring president, by II. Eppinger on be
half of thfi council. Then followed an
evening of song and music by "Billy"
Ilynes, M. Fraser, Fletcher Tllden and
others and tho serving of a collation and
cigars.
The following have been Installed for
the current term as the officers of Har
mony Alliance Nr>. 15 of St. Patrick's Al
liance of America: John Ganey, presi
dent; William Collins, vice president;
Thomas Fay, junior vice president; Jo
seph O'Brien, recording, James J. Wren,
corresponding, and C J. Collins, financial
secretary; C. L. Sheahan-, treasurer; Den
nis Fitzgerald, John Doyle and Morris
Corrldan, trustees; James J. Sullivan,
sergeant-at-arms; John Kearns, outside
guard; P. J. O'Connor, physician; James
J. Dunne, Charles L. Sheahan. Joseph
O'Brien and W. P. Collins, delegates \o
the State Council. During the evening
the State president addressed the alli
ance and congratulated It on its progress
during the term which just closed.
The following named officers of the San
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club were in
stalled by ex-Chief Hugh Fra&er In the
Shiels building: John Ross, royal chief;
A. Strang-, chieftain; George Patterson,
recorder; J. R. Ross, treasurer; J. Bax
ter, financial secretary; N. Campbell, ser
geant-at-arms- D. McLeod, property man;
J. Donaldson, R, F. Wilson and P. Riddle,
trustees, and J. Mac Donald, piper.
Court Golden West. Foresters of Amer
ica, has had the following named in
stalled as its officers for the current term:
A. S. Alexander, past chief ranger; Felix
Gross, chief ranger; G. Marcuse, sub
chief; Herman Kohn, treasurer; Sol Pie
ser, financial, and David Cohan, record
ing secretary; S. B. Levy, senior, and I.
D. F. Wyatt, Junior woodward; I. Kas
kell, senior, and George W. Alexander,
Junior beadle; Dr. T. Rethers. physician;
B. Scharff and George A. Stockwitz. trus
tees. A banquet followed the installation.
the Eastern trip. The candidate was not
only opposing this proposition, but h» was
doing it In language which practlca-ly
charged Jones with being a traitor to tho
Democratic party.
When the door was opened th* fluanea
faces and abrupt manner of the two men
testified to tha seriousness of the disa
greement.
That Jones will not be chairman again
Is as certain as it U that Bryan will be
nominated. If the two men can get along
until the national convention without an
open rupture it will surprise those who
know how far the quarrel of to-day pro
ceeded.
EXTRA SESSION PETITION
GAINS MANY SIGNATURES
Move bu Anti-Burns Men to Convene' the
Legislature and Name a United
States Senator,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TEACHERS
SOUGHT BY THE
SCHOOL BOARD
Many Vacancies to Be
Fillpfi
WEBSTER UTTERLY IGNORED
PEW OF HIS PREROGATIVES
LEFT TO HIM.
Denmafi and Phelan Against the
Superintendent and All of His
Rights Will Probably Be
Taken From Him.
The new Board of Education 13 not los
ing any time. It is proving quick to take
advantage of the example set by the
Waller board and by the last organization,
and already the introduction of new
teachers into the department is being dis
cussed.
The last board left room for thirty new
pedagogues. That is to say, it cleaned
up the department so that no more teach
ers than were necessary were employed,
leaving thirty that could be placed with
out any question. W. A. Kemp wanted to
fill that list, and Bergerot, Armstrong,
Cole, Gedge, Conlon and Head were said
to be with him; but at the last moment
Bergerot, figuring upon winning an ap
pointment from Phelan. threw the job
down and no appointments were made.
The new board has taken advantage of
the condition created by the old organiza
tion and in several "dark lantern" ses
sions held during the past few days has
given its largest consideration to that
matter. Three at least of the members
are seeking some way of unloading new
teachers on the department without being
censured. While they would like the ap
pointments and the obligations which
would be the natural accompaniment they
do not care to take the chance of the ex
pose that would naturally follow. Besides
they have already delegated the power to
make appointments and to accomplish
necessary reclasslficatlon to Superintend
ent Webster, and although that official
has already been turned down they do not
care to make his reduction a matter of
oiilclal action.
The work of the elementary committee
has been placed in Mr. Webster's hands,
but, already jealous of that privilege,
Director Denman has started among his
confreres a movement to deprive him of
his prerogatives. It is a notorious fuct
In the School Department that Denman
went Into his present position with the
avowed Intent of calling Webster down.
Webster's enmity to Mayor Phelan is also
known, and the combination that has
been worked up against the Superintend
ent is a clever one. Practically he has
been deprived of every arbitrary powtr
which was his; now, under Phelan's direc
tion, he is to be deprived of his routine
duties, and if the School Board follows
out its orders little will be left him save
his ofttee desk and salary.
Casserly, Denman and Mark came tc
getner yesterday morning in secret meet-
Ing. The one subject under discussion
was the appointment of new teacheis.
They also met on the day before and the
topic was the same. New curriculums and
the reorganization of the department ap
parently do not Interest them; it Is soleiv
a case of new teachers, and as many as
can be crowded in.
Another proposition which has lately
been discussed is the closing of the even
ing schools. The plan to abolish some of
those ¦ institutions was Superintendent
Webster's, but the board has now taken
it up as its own and proposes to carry cut
the original plans of the Superintendent.
The Rlncon and Spring Valley evening
schools are to be closed, and many even
ing teachers are to be let out of the de
partment. The work done in the recent
secret meeting is to be ratified at the open
regular meeting on Wednesday next, and
startling changes are expected.
RANCHER FROM WILLOWS
REALLY A GOOD THING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1000.
BRYAN QUARRELS WITH
JONES ON SILVER ISSUE
Warm Dispute That Mao Lead to the
| Resignation of the National Com- '
mittee Chairman.
Special Dispatch to The Call*
TWO boy showmen were arrested
yesterday by Detective Graham
and booked at the City Prison
on a charpe of grand larceny.
They were Edward Patterson, also
known as Frank Baker, 19 years of
age, and Frank O'Nell, alias E. J.
Bacon, I*s years of age. Both claim
that they are connected with Norris
Brothers' dog show now in Oakland.
They are smart youths, particularly
O'Nell. who boasts that with a piece
of wire he can unlock any pair of
handcuffs.
Thursday night they met John M.
Connell, a rancher from Willows, in
the Whale saloon on Third street and
told him such a pitiable story of being
hard up that Connell took pity on
them and after treating them to sev
eral rounds of drinks and giving them
$1 each, took them to his room in the
What Cheer House. He Intended to
keep th^m there till they could get
something to do. Connell fell asleep
on a chair and when he awoke the
boys had disappeared. They had
taken oft Connell's shoes, trousers,
vest and shirt, and O'Nell stripped
himself and donned Connell's clothes,
leaving his own behind. They had
also taken his silver watch, $6 50 in
cash, a check for $60 and a receipt for
a valise, which they obtained at
"Wells-Fargo's yesterday morning.
O'Nell when arrested was wearing
Connell's clothes and he had to take
them off in prison and don his own.
"The old guy grave us the things,"
said O'Nell. "He was drunk when we
met him In the Whale saloon and he
would have given us everything be
longing to him. Tes, he gave us his
clothes, too, before he dropped off to
sleep, as he said they would Just fit
me and he had plenty more. He ask
ed us to take him home. We are
strangers to the city and don't know
where he made us take him. He was
the softest thing I ever struck."
>«iii»iii»ii"»ii«iii*ici«r
i i
|:The Best and Safest!!
I \ Famfly Medicine ; ;
| , FOR ALL , \
\ ' Bilious and Nervous Disorders : •
< Sick Headache, Constipation, ( j
; ; Weak Stomach, Impaired Di- ; ;
| gestion. Disordered Liver and t J
| | Female Ailments. j ;
i The World's Medicine::
( Annual Sale Exceeds 6,000,000 Boxes. i
1 ' 10 cents and 25 cents, at all drag stores. ' '
' ' Beecham's Pills have the largest sale of ' '
1 any Proprietary Medicine In the world, and '
1 ' this has been achieved * '
] ' Without the publication of testimonials ' J
. Bwlllwlll^
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISfIT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and Hongkong, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Balling.
HONGKONO MARU Tuesday. Jan 18
NIPPON MARU Friday, Feb 9
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. Mar 7
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company"s office.
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
©NFft&Slfl S. S. Moans sails via
tf R>S*2TKSJi. Honolulu and Auck-
Tfc land tor Sydney Wed-
9 -, >«,. nesday, Jan. 24. at 3
GuT L' A P- *n-
oMC2fHSnIDv ThB 8 - s - Australia
«i»9 'or Honolulu
(Ofilß3fZM~ Wednesday. Feb. 7.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.; J5lO first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. iI4 Montgomer}
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLASTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, .^q*.
Sailing every Thursday Instead ot <3mZi>
Saturday, from November 2. ISS3, at -w^wVfW^
10 a. m.. from Pier 4i, North River, foot of
Morton st: LA GASCOGNE. Jan. 25: La NOR-
MANDIE. Feb. 1; Le lUIETAGNE. Feb. 8;
UAQUITAINE. Feb. 15. First-class to Havre.
$60 and upward; S per cent reduction on round
trip. Second clase to Havre, $!.">: & per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
nroadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FX7GAZI & CO., Paclno Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery aye. San Krar.cisco.
T II € Rls lEITI EIT
Gigar ette
Purity, mildness and perfect Russian blend renders t \
soft soothing smoke for the fastidious smoker
10 cents for 10
/>KO FIRST RACE— Three furlongs; Belling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Time— H. :12Vi; %. :Ss'i. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
B. Schreiber's eh. f., by Ualpowan-Spozla.
Sofala had most st>*e<i. l'.athsrar linished well. Moonbrlcht Ehowed Improvement.
Scratched — Bonitary 11J.
f»e:O SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time—^4. :12H: %, :36Vi: %. 1:00%. Oood start. Won first three driving. Winner, Parting
ton Brother*' b. g., by Puryear D-3tralght Tip.
Tlzona Is a fast one. Orion outfooted. Cymona knocked out of running on backstretch.
Indra almost left.
Scratched- Mainstay 112, Maxello 103, Aborigine 93, Antler 93, Tourist II 103.
/>ts^£ THIRD RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Time— hi. :25%: H, :504: %. 1:16: mile, 1:42. Fair etart. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. N. S. Hall & Co.'s b. g., by l r abulous-Rupee.
Facade had all the luck. Merops away badly; he was best. Tirade on waiting orders.
Rarlian almost thrown on backstretch. Chlmura had no soe-ed.
Scratched— Oralbee 104. Dolore 107. Rapldo 109. Stromo 104, Lena 109.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A BANK
DEPOSIT
GUARANTEE.
DR. METERS & CO.'S PATIENTS
may deposit the crlce of a cur* in any
San Francisco bank, to be paid only aJiir
they are well, or pay in monthly Install-
ments. 1
They Cure the Following Ailments:
Privats Diseases Lost Manhood
Kidney Diseases Nervous Debility
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness
Liver Diseases Despondency
Heart Diseases General Debility
Spine Diseases Loss of Memory
Stomach Diseases Blood Poison
No incurable Caset Taken at Any Price.
These are the only specialists on the
Pacific Coast who cure diseases and
weakness of men exclusively. '.
DR. METER 3 & CO. avoid tha us« of
all mineral. DOlaonous cr dangerous
druss and electric belts. All thetr r»m»-
d!e9 are carefully cr.mDour.dert In their
prlvat? laboratory, urUAout cost to tieir
paUnils. ]
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK.
If you cannot visit San Francisco. .
write for free private book, advice, etc.
Correspondence confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. P.
TAKE ELEVATOR TO THIRD FLOOR. i
HOURS— l>ally. 9 to 5. Evenings,
7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11.
DR. JORDAN'S grcat^
tKUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
# Cd 1351 )Li33l?s;. let 6*m, B.T-C3l. i
\ Tlte Larj«t Anjtonrical Museum fc> the \
A _^JF_^ Wotld. Wubpm ci iry contracted m
7 igJM dtscne »«r«l«l»»lr i»>»4hy the oidttst "
9J5 S 1 Specialist cs tha Cout. Est. 36 ysu*. O
£ fc!fA?s ° 8 - DISEASES $
\ S&JJC&A Cnnsulnti^n fre- «rd irrVHy priraw \
A I j£&f if Trti:mi-::l persir.a!ly r.r 1/ !Mt-r. A A
Wfl y> D /¦»•.»•<«• Cwra la erery cas« 'jr.Jenu ea. V
AFI tl& Wrtef r F ok. PHILOSOPHY •» A
" '1 II M»nßlACih, MAILBO FRSS. |Af
A fl (X »ai'J»N J bsok lot tarn) \
f DIl. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market St. a F. T
,/f??y OEWEY.STRONG &Co.>g?V
v\. /-lmTi ¦¦¦¦¦! i vi ¦'iiT? l r-..- < jf
0 MARKET ST. S.F
OCEAN TBAVZI*.
pacific Coast Steamship Ca
Mfc^ Bteaxntrs leave Broadway
i rSfex^ wharf, fan Francisco:
iBRSS^ For Alnekaa ports, 13 a. cv.,
i^fai*V*»'t^ Jan - K> 2<s> il \ Feb *• Chacg»
IRm^feM t0 c " ta * )) * La > ¦ steamer* at
lteSS»»-^«vU Fcr Victoria. Vancouver,
ir^^mSHKM £°* c -)« v>ort Townaenl.
Seattlo, Tacoma, Everett,
Anarortes and New Waat-
co:a (Wash.), 10 a. n. . Jan.
7X tt 21 Feb. 5 n»<l every fifth day thereafter;
chanie at Seattle to this company*» steamers
forAUska and O. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to K. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), I p. m.. Jan.
19 24. 29 Feb. 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cru». Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucoa. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro <Lo« Angeles) and Newiwrt. J
am? Jan. 13. 43. 27. 81. Feb. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hartord
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a. m..
Jan. 21. 25. ». Feb. 2. and every fourth flay
Fw Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosa: la
and Ouaymaa (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of «aca
For further Information obtain company" »
folder.
Tho company reserves the right to chang*
eteamers. sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TIUKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace HoteO.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p o rtl a. ist id
From Epear-street Wharf at 19 a. m
FARF 5L 2 / Irst s'S** Includln* Berth
IftnL $8 Second Class and Meals
COLUMBIA sails Jan. 2S; Feb. t. 13
STATE OF CALIFORNIA 5ai15.. ..........
Jan. 23; Feb 7 17
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte
Helena and all points In tha Northwest!
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Oeneral Agent.
GOODALU PERKINS & «>..*"** "^
Supertntendeata.
AMERICAN LINE.
KBW TOaX, 80UTHAHPT0S. LCSDOS. PABI&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 19 a. m
New York Jan. 24 New York Feb 14
SC Louis Jan. 31 St. Louis Feb. 21
St. Paul Fob. 7 Frlealand Feb: 2a
RED STAR LINE.
New Yortr. arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland.. Jan. 24 ! Kensington ....Feb. 14
Southwark. ......Jan. 31 Noordland ." Feb M
Westeraland....Feb. 7 | Frtesland Feb." M
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattla. St. Michael. Dawson City
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPAVY
30 Montgomery at., or any of its agPno^». '
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
Steamer "Montlcello "
MON.. Tues Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at a 43
S^^^V-a^A^an^^O^
JABE „ *~^
f* rTCt FOURTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; hurdle; selling: four year-olds and up-
OOUi ward; purse, $400. . . • . : ¦
Time— 2:o3. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner; 8. N. Hol
man> eh. K-. by Major Han-Stella S. „ r. ;
Major had a pull in the weights. lie was heavily played also. ,
Time— %. :2S>4: hi. :49V4; %. 1:14V4; mile. 1:40%. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner. L. H. Eretl's b. f.. by Kingston-Seville.
The I^ady best ridden. Mergy Boy not rlden.to beat advantage. Jenkins -on Cataatro
phe made a bungling mess of it. getting cut off on first turn. Red Pirate not armed.
Scratched— Momentum 104. Choteau 87.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
4
i6rx
XV'
-!g!
I
:ht.;St.
i
V.n
%m.
Str.
Fir
Jockeys.
netting.
Op. Cl.
. .
¦
1 . '
630)
Po'al
1 2
3 6
2 M
4 2
6 3
«
4
;
i :
2 1
3 :
4 >
5 '
6
2
h
10
IBullman ...
'Spencer ....
JE. Jones....
llx>grue
|B. Ross
J. Walsh...
Klley
.. 7-10 7-10
.. 3-2 2
..8 9
.. 40 200
.. 20 60
8 15
.. 20 100
.ij • o
.lO4| 2
bright ...
.106: 4
lift' <;
Afia
Fox
.194 1
€22
ess Leott
.1031 Left
Ir.
¦X.
. Horse. Ace. "Weight. .St.
Urn.
Hm-
Km.
Str.
i . Benin*.
Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl.
KS
621
€!5
tH
€24
EM
C 34
€11
Tlzona, 3 96 6
GoM Uaron. 4 105J 2
Orion, a 103 i 3
Melvln B'nham, 6..105J 1
L«ona Marie. S 107t 4
Red Cherry. » 96!
Ann rage, 4 106] G
My Dear, 4 103 ( S
Cymona. 4 103 9
Indra, a 112,10
4 1
1 2
8 h
7 2
5 2
6 4
*H
9 10
E H
10
4 2
1 2
2
8 li
6 2
6 4
5 2
c 2
10
1 1 Henry 8 12
2 2 'Jenkins 4 7
3 IV4 'Spencer 2 1
4 2 Ivittltoe 12 80
6 2 E. Ross 15 60
6 1 Helnson 12 80
7Vi K. Jones. t-2 4
8 4 I. Powell 15 60
9 1 N. Hill 8 ' 8
10 Klley 80 60
€21
6/7)
«:3
£23
C 47
6?.«
612
C 32
642
:. Horse. Age. '
Facade. 4
Grand Sachem,
Tom Crc^nwell,
Merop«, 4......
Tirade. 4
Raclvan, 4
Monda, 4.......
Chlmura. 4
Dixies Land, a
Gre> hurst, 6...
Inverary 11, 5.
Weight. St.
104 1 5
i, 5...1j.< S
. a. ..112 2
109 9
107 4
104 3
10« 6
108 1
l 109 7
10S Left
109 Left
•im.
1 tt
8
2 2
64
3 H
* V*
6 b
9 ,
7tt
1 1
1%
2 1
7 H
4 2
9
< H
8 S
6b
1 4
3 5
2 H
6 1
4 H
9
6 tt
8 3
7 .!
Btr.
1 2
2 2
3 4
4 2
5 1
7 2
6 4
8<
Fin.
1 8
2 n
2 2
4 %
5 1
6 1
7 2
8 10
9
...
Betting.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Vlttltoe ....... 7 30
Morgan 10 20
E. Jones 7 12
Thorpe 3-2 U-io
Jenkins 6 9-3
T. Walsh 4 9-2
Henry 15 60
Spencer 4 8
E. Ross! 80 200
Ilullman 40 60
Helnson 40 150
C4l
fiOS
87]
H'7
en
¦r.M)
Cf:s
1
'X.
;>
r
i)
i
1' ' •
:. Horse. Age.
Major 8, a....
Monita, a ....
I.«omo, 6
University, a
J O C. a
Credo, 5
Granjter. a ..
Weight.jSt.
.125 1
U7 2
Ul 7
140 5
!!"*.'.".'.133 2
149 4
v
Fell
Fell
«m. %m.
12 12
84 2 2
2 5 3%
Refused
Str.
1 2
• 2 8
32
Plni
Betting.
Jockeys. • Op. Cl.
J. Kulllvan.... 4 3
Lenhart 4-^- «
D. Henry 8 18-5
Galbratth 8 II
Hanna IS 40
McKanna 8 15
Olover 8-2 9-5
m
ton
tiS)
C3J
C 37
420
•X.
i)
i)
i
:. Horse. Age. V»cht.|St.
j
The Lady. 3 80! 5
Merry Boy. < 101| 1
Catastrophe. 6 107] 2
Harry Thoburn, 6. .103 4
Red Pirate. 4 101 3
Bishop Reed. 6 104 «
Kainlff, 4 90 7
Hm-
in 4 1
¦2 3 in
7 6 4
In 12
5 1 5 Hi
i% 3 h
C 1 7
2 1
3 2
4 4
1 h
5 1
. 6 5
7
Btr.
1 M-
8 h
2 h
4 6
5 1
< 2
7
Fin.
In
2 1
3 1
4 10
6 1
6 6.
7
Betting:.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
J. Walsh 2 7-2
Buchanan .... 8 8
Jenkins 2 11-6
T Walsh 2 8
E. Ross 10 20
VJttttoe ;...... 6 10
J. Martin 20. 80
Ind^x. Horse. Age. Weight. 'St.
y 4 m. %m.
%m.
Str. Fin. Jockeys. .
Betting.
op. a.
: .1 _ . -i
r,JJ Norford. 3 1M 2
C 44 Owyhee. 4 114110
CTJ Afghan. 5 119 1
t?4 Senora Caesar, 4... 104 7
r.3J Tempo, C 117 4
640 March Seven. 3 94 8
C 44 San Augustine. 4. ..11 l 3
610 Uedwald. 4 106 9
£2S Beautiful BUI. 3... 104 11
6M Cipriano. 6 109 6
«44 Tom Smith, a 114 6
4 hi
11
1 1
3 h
6 1
10 2
2 h
7 6
» 1
8 H
8 1
4 %
10 5
1 h
3 h
7 2
8 1
2 1
< H
9 8
11
5 tt
I*4 1 H J. Martin
4 h 11 Jenkins
2 2 8 h Spencer
3Vt .4 h E. Ross
7 1 6 3 Thorpe
6 2 6 4 T. Walsh
Oh 7 2 I. Powell
9 8 1 E. Jones
10 9 2 Henry
11 10 Morgan
t% 11 H. Shields....
I 15
8 6
8 8
4 7
8 5
6 IS-2
20 C«»
5 6
6 6
25 . 60
12 60
m
ton
tiS)
C3J
C 37
420
•X.
i)
i)
i
:. Horse. Age. V»cht.|St.
j
The Lady. 3 80! 5
Merry Boy. < 101| 1
Catastrophe. 6 107] 2
Harry Thoburn, 6. .103 4
Red Pirate. 4 101 3
Bishop Reed. 6 104 «
Kainlff, 4 90 7
Hm-
in 4 1
¦2 3 in
7 6 4
In 12
5 1 5 Hi
i% 3 h
C 1 7
2 1
3 2
4 4
1 h
5 1
. 6 5
7
Btr.
1 M-
8 h
2 h
4 6
5 1
< 2
7
Fin.
In
2 1
3 1
4 10
6 1
6 6.
7
Betting:.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
J. Walsh 2 7-2
Buchanan .... 8 8
Jenkins 2 11-6
T Walsh 2 8
E. Ross 10 20
VJttttoe ;...... 6 10
J. Martin 20. 80
€21
6/7)
«:3
£23
C 47
6?.«
612
C 32
642
:. Horse. Age. '
Facade. 4
Grand Sachem,
Tom Crc^nwell,
Merop«, 4......
Tirade. 4
Raclvan, 4
Monda, 4.......
Chlmura. 4
Dixies Land, a
Gre> hurst, 6...
Inverary 11, 5.
Weight. St.
104 1 5
i, 5...1j.< S
. a. ..112 2
109 9
107 4
104 3
10« 6
108 1
l 109 7
10S Left
109 Left
•im.
1 tt
8
2 2
64
3 H
* V*
6 b
9 ,
7tt
1 1
1%
2 1
7 H
4 2
9
< H
8 S
6b
1 4
3 5
2 H
6 1
4 H
9
6 tt
8 3
7 .!
Btr.
1 2
2 2
3 4
4 2
5 1
7 2
6 4
8<
Fin.
1 8
2 n
2 2
4 %
5 1
6 1
7 2
8 10
9
...
Betting.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Vlttltoe ....... 7 30
Morgan 10 20
E. Jones 7 12
Thorpe 3-2 U-io
Jenkins 6 9-3
T. Walsh 4 9-2
Henry 15 60
Spencer 4 8
E. Ross! 80 200
Ilullman 40 60
Helnson 40 150
i6rx
XV'
-!g!
I
:ht.;St.
i
V.n
%m.
Str.
Fir
Jockeys.
netting.
Op. Cl.
. .
¦
1 . '
630)
Po'al
1 2
3 6
2 M
4 2
6 3
«
4
;
i :
2 1
3 :
4 >
5 '
6
2
h
10
IBullman ...
'Spencer ....
JE. Jones....
llx>grue
|B. Ross
J. Walsh...
Klley
.. 7-10 7-10
.. 3-2 2
..8 9
.. 40 200
.. 20 60
8 15
.. 20 100
.ij • o
.lO4| 2
bright ...
.106: 4
lift' <;
Afia
Fox
.194 1
€22
ess Leott
.1031 Left
Ir.
¦X.
. Horse. Ace. "Weight. .St.
Urn.
Hm-
Km.
Str.
i . Benin*.
Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl.
KS
621
€!5
tH
€24
EM
C 34
€11
Tlzona, 3 96 6
GoM Uaron. 4 105J 2
Orion, a 103 i 3
Melvln B'nham, 6..105J 1
L«ona Marie. S 107t 4
Red Cherry. » 96!
Ann rage, 4 106] G
My Dear, 4 103 ( S
Cymona. 4 103 9
Indra, a 112,10
4 1
1 2
8 h
7 2
5 2
6 4
*H
9 10
E H
10
4 2
1 2
2
8 li
6 2
6 4
5 2
c 2
10
1 1 Henry 8 12
2 2 'Jenkins 4 7
3 IV4 'Spencer 2 1
4 2 Ivittltoe 12 80
6 2 E. Ross 15 60
6 1 Helnson 12 80
7Vi K. Jones. t-2 4
8 4 I. Powell 15 60
9 1 N. Hill 8 ' 8
10 Klley 80 60
C4l
fiOS
87]
H'7
en
¦r.M)
Cf:s
1
'X.
;>
r
i)
i
1' ' •
:. Horse. Age.
Major 8, a....
Monita, a ....
I.«omo, 6
University, a
J O C. a
Credo, 5
Granjter. a ..
Weight.jSt.
.125 1
U7 2
Ul 7
140 5
!!"*.'.".'.133 2
149 4
v
Fell
Fell
«m. %m.
12 12
84 2 2
2 5 3%
Refused
Str.
1 2
• 2 8
32
Plni
Betting.
Jockeys. • Op. Cl.
J. Kulllvan.... 4 3
Lenhart 4-^- «
D. Henry 8 18-5
Galbratth 8 II
Hanna IS 40
McKanna 8 15
Olover 8-2 9-5
Ind^x. Horse. Age. Weight. 'St.
y 4 m. %m.
%m.
Str. Fin. Jockeys. .
Betting.
op. a.
: .1 _ . -i
r,JJ Norford. 3 1M 2
C 44 Owyhee. 4 114110
CTJ Afghan. 5 119 1
t?4 Senora Caesar, 4... 104 7
r.3J Tempo, C 117 4
640 March Seven. 3 94 8
C 44 San Augustine. 4. ..11 l 3
610 Uedwald. 4 106 9
£2S Beautiful BUI. 3... 104 11
6M Cipriano. 6 109 6
«44 Tom Smith, a 114 6
4 hi
11
1 1
3 h
6 1
10 2
2 h
7 6
» 1
8 H
8 1
4 %
10 5
1 h
3 h
7 2
8 1
2 1
< H
9 8
11
5 tt
I*4 1 H J. Martin
4 h 11 Jenkins
2 2 8 h Spencer
3Vt .4 h E. Ross
7 1 6 3 Thorpe
6 2 6 4 T. Walsh
Oh 7 2 I. Powell
9 8 1 E. Jones
10 9 2 Henry
11 10 Morgan
t% 11 H. Shields....
I 15
8 6
8 8
4 7
8 5
6 IS-2
20 C«»
5 6
6 6
25 . 60
12 60SOUTH ENDERS
AND ALAMEDAS
READY TO ROW
Barge Race Over a Five-Mile Course
Will Take Place To-Morrow
on Oakland Estuary.
The first rowing event of the year will
be the . five-mile barge race between the
Alameda seniors and the representatives
of the South End Rowing Club, which
will take place on Oakland estuary to
morrow. The South End oarsmen rowed
across the bay last Sunday and up the
estuary as far as the quarters of the Al
ameda Boat Club, where they left their
barge. The South End men have conse
quently had no practice together during
the past week, but they are well satisfied
with their performance last Sunday, when
they covered -the distance from the nar
row-gauge mole to the Alameda Boat Club
house in forty-five minutes. ¦ The Alameda
seniors are also in good trim and feel con
fident that they can hold their own. They
have been going out on the creek for prac
tice during the recent moonlight nights.
The oarsmen will leave this city at 10:15
to-morrow morning and the race will bo
started on the arrival of the 10:45 boat
from San Francisco, or at about 11:05.
People on board the train leaving the
mole will be able to see the start and can
then go up to Chestnut street station,
whence a seven minutes' walk will br!ng
them to the Alameda Boat Club's house
in time to see the finish. The train is
timed to reach Chestnut street at 11:22
and the race will take between thirty-five
and forty minutes. It is said that there
are weak spots in the Alameda crew,
which a long race will test. The officials
are: J. R. Bockman, president of the Pa
cific Association, referee; J. T. Sullivan,
Pioneer Rowing Club, starter; A. P. Roth
kopf. Dolphin Boating Club; C. H. Smith,
f)resldent Alameda Boat Club, and Wil
iam Thomas, captain of the South End
Rowing Club, judges; H. W. Maass, vice
president Alameda Boat Club, and A. H.
Melletz, South End Rowing Club, timers.
The following committee of the Alameda
Boat Club has charge of the arrange
ments for the race and for the reception
cf visitors: W. B. Hinchman (chairman).
C. H. Smith, J. H. Timmens, F. S. Cone
and E. M. Hunter *
The South End crew will be made up as
follows: J. P. Foley, bow; C. C* Dennis,
No. 2; James Pallas, No. 3; Ed Scully,
stroke; Albert Sonnenberg. cockswain.
The Alameda representatives are: J. Lew
is, bow: D. G. Greenleaf, No. 2; W.G.Han
sen. No. 3; F. .W. Ayers, stroke; and E.
Hansen, cockswain. Considering the dis
tance to.be covered the crew rowing the
longest stroke will almost certainly win.
The annual dinner of the Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating Club was held last Sat
urday night at a downtown restaurant
and was a successful and pleasant affair.
The recently elected otticers were In
stalled, J. B. Keenan and J. J. Cronin and
others making speeches. There were
songs by Bush. Fenstemacher and Low
rle and Instrumental music by Mollca and
Lerond. E. H. Coney Issued a challenge
for a swimming match to J. S. Earls and
W. O. Patch for a medal, distance one
quarter of a mile. The Dolphins will begin
to. get a* barge ; crew . into shape soon.
Among the men who will be tried are
Dlxon. Kragnc-ss.. Lerond and Swedlund.
F. P. Waggershauser, who rowed stroke
of the junior barge crew of the University
of California in the regatta held at El
Campo on June 25 of last year, also at the
Fourth of July races and at Astoria, died
recently at Jackson. - He was working In
a mine when a cave-in occurred and
crushed one of his-legs. Amputation was
necessary and the shock caused his death
J. R. Bockman. president of the Pacific
Association; George James, captain of the
Olympic Club, and several other oarsmen
went over to Tiburon" last Sunday and
went for a row on the bay. President
Bockman expresses the opinion that the
new Olympic barge is the least cranky of
all the recently built four-oars, as four
men who had never rowed together before
sat her comfortably.
SMALL RETURNS
THE PORTION OF
DUCK SHOOTERS
Weather Conditions Prove Unfavor
able for Sport on Marshes— Quail
in Alameda County.
Many gunmen were afield last Sunday
In quest of quail and ducks but did not
meet with the success they anticipated.
The quail shooters were the more for
tunate. Members of the Country Club and
others who have shot regularly over the
Marln County hills enjoyed fair sport.
Many had their last shoot of the season
on Sunday, while others remained in the
Held Monday to enjoy the shooting until
the last moment allowed under the coun
ty law. Many of the enthusiastic quail
shooters will now turn their attention to
Livermore and other places in Alameda
County, where the sport may still be en-
Joyed.
The conditions last week were against
duck shooting and the bags fell off no
ticeably from what they had been for
some weeks before. The birds were wide
ly scattered and avoided the preserves
of the clubs. Owing to the opportunities
afforded for shooting by moonlight near
the small towns the birds had been thor
oughly frightened during the week.
The Olympic Gun Club's Cordelia pre
serve was deserted last. Sunday, none of
the members caring to face what seemed
sure disappointment In going there for
birds that were known to have sought
other feeding grounds. A number of
members have signified their Intention of
trying the sport to-morrow. Among
those who will be on the ground are: H.
L. Miller, F. B. Surryhne. L. W. Harp
ham. J. J. Wirtner and R. H. Delatleld.
Bert Patrick and his companions, who
closed the season on the preserve of the
Black Jack Gun Club last Sunday, had
only ordinary sport. The combined bag
was twenty-three birds. Mr. Patrick will
try the sport up near Reeds Station to
morrow.
W. S. Ray. H. E. Rose and S. P. Brown
secured a launch last Sunday and went
on a shooting expedition Into Rlchardsons
Bay. They bagged six dozen ducks. Of
these twenty-seven were "cans' and the
balance bluebills. They enjoyed a great
day's sport, but are silent as to the flavor
of the birds.
Two noted sportsmen of the Northwest
are enjoying the shooting near the city
at the present time. They are W. A. Hll
lis of South Libbey. Mont., and G. E.
Lougee of Spokane. Wash. They shot on
Petalumu Creek, above the Olympic pre
serve, some days since and secured
ninety-four canvasbacks. Mr. Hlllis won
the Globe championship trophy for trap
shooting at Tacoma some months since.
David Thorn, C. A. Haight and W. J.
McLalne had an enjoyable day after quail
near Livermore last Sunday. The same
gentlemen, with James Maynard and
Henry Justins. will shoot over the same
ground to-morrow. They will have the
four well known field doga Nic, Flash,
Tom and VI to assist them in their quest
for the fant-flylng quail. .
George Franzen had a good shoot on the
bay last Sunday.
Ed Eyre shot over the Willow Lodge
preserve, but his returns were not heavy.
John Maynard. James Maynard. Mr.
Hopps and H. Justins shot near Alvarado,
but did not secure the big bags which
were common some weeks since.
F. G. Sanborn, Frank McLennon, John
Crackman. A. W. Wilson and Henry
Skinner spent Tuesday and Wednesday
below Hamlet on Tomales Bay after black
brant. The flight was poor, the sports
men Warning the full moon for the small
number of birds which they saw In ac
tion.
Phil Bekeart. L. R. Larzalere and J. B.
Burfelnd had only fair shooting on the
Spooney Gun Club's preserve near Alva
rado last Sunday. They will be out again
to-morrow, and expect better returns.
C. W. Hibbard and A. B. Truman left
on Wednesday for Bakersfleld. where they
will remain to witness the annual field
trials, which will be held next week.
The members of Lincoln Gun -Club will
open the trap-shooting season on Febru
ary 22 at their Alameda grounds. It is In
tended to offer an attractive programme
for the men who like to smash clay disks.
The California Wing Club will Inaugurate
live-bird shooting on the first Sunday In
March, as has been the custom for a
number of years. The members of this
club shoot nothing but live birds. It is
the oldest organization of Its character
on this coast. Dr. S. E. Knowles Is presi
dent, while C. A. Haight performs the
duties of both secretary and treasurer.
The board of governors of the California
Inanimate Target Association will meet
on the 27th inst. In the rooms* of the Olym
pic Gun Club. Secretary Ad Gunsendorfer
announces that piellmlnary arrangements
will be made for the eighth annual State
tournament, which will be held at Fresno
on April 20 and 30.
B. P. Brady of the freight auditing de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany tried his luck as a gunman last Sun
day. After succeeding In bagging a few
"cans" he wound up the day's sport by
capsizing his boat. His friends affirm
he had all the "ducking" he desires for
the present Beason at least.
NEW BOXING ARENA.
The Columbia Athletic Club, organized
for the promotion of boxing, has lensed
the Panorama building. Eighth and Mar
ket ?treet», for a term of years. The
bulMing will be arranged especially for
boxing and will be opened with an ex
hibition on February 2L It will seat DOOO
people.
STEELHEADS ARE RUNNING.
The Bteelheads are running In Russian
River, and many fishermen are getting
out their tackle- In anticipation of royal
sport with- the hlg fish. Advices received
from Captain • Watson and others convey
the intelligence that several fine steel
heads have been taken with hook ani
line at Duncans : Mills. The pool at the
mouth of Austin r Creek Is clearing rap
idly, and all Indications are that fishing
will continue good until another storm
The flnh have been taken with bait up
to ,the present, time, .but. from .this .time
forth a spoon can be. used to advantage
Colonel Kellhor Is already on the ground*
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO'S.
The usual weekly contests In swimming
and diving will take place at Sutro Baths
to-morrow. The entries follow:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— F. Ralston. O
Charles, O. Owens. R. Cook. H. Lelcken. O
Schilling. H. Chllds E. Mlnter. F. Rltter f'
Meal. H. Freeman, w. Fleming. O. Lowenthal
R. Riding. One hundred-yard race, amateurs—
T. Thomas. F. Byrne. W. Wallace. J. O'Brien
C Sullivan. H. Seebach. H. Stelljes. E. Smith'
T. Lohusen. Tub race. 100 yards— F. Green'
P. Sunberg, J. O' Brlen. E. Eeyer. W. McCor
mlck. E. Belf. O.- Ehrman. A. Baudaln. E.
Wells. E. Lleboldt. W. Olsen. Trick and fancy
springboard dlvlnr— L». Boudle. 11. Freeman,
K. Rldlnsr. J. O'Brleff. W. Douglass. A. Davis
•J. Cathcart, L. Boudle. O. Miner, R, Cordell.
BOLD ROBBERS STEAL
$3500 FROM A BANK
Shoot Their Way Through a Fosse oX
Citizens That Attempt Their
Capture.
ROCHESTER. Ind.. Jan. W.— The Com
mercial Bank at Silver Lake. Ki.«ko Coun
ty, was last night robbed by burglars of
$3000. Five charges of nltrogrlycerln were
used to open the safe. The robbers shot
their way through a posse of citizens
which attempted their capture and went
to North Manchester on a handcar.
William Price, a clerk, was severely
wounded. One of the robbers cried, "I'm
shot." but escaped with the others. Just
before noon the posse was reported fifteen
miles behind the robbers at Columbia
City. The marauders are believed to be
the same that have been committing
many depredations In Northern Indiana.
BASEBALL TO-MORROW.
' The second game of baseball for the
amateur championship of the Pacific
Coast will be played to-morrow afternoon
at Eighth and Harrison streets. The con
testing teams will be the Heesemans of
Oakland and the Lash's Bitters of San
Francisco. The following will be the
lineup:
. Heeseraans — Bulger or Jim Shea, pitch
er; Denny Shea, catcher; Toady, first
base; Davis, second base; Lutgen. third
base: Thomas, shortstop: Kane, left Held;
Cllne. center field; Johnson, right field
Lash's Bitters— Platt or Russell. pitcher-
Eager, catcher; Nralon. first base; Col
lins, second base; Dave Bodie, third base:
Eddie Smith, shortstop; Brockhoff, left
field: Keogan, center field ; Perrine. right
field.
•The Pacific Gas Improvement Com
pany's Baseball Club desires a challenge
from any amateur nine In the city. All
challenges to be addressed to James H.
Kelly, manager, cornor Annie and Ste
venson streets, meter department."^
VETERAN CYCLERS TO MEET
The clubhouse of the Bay City Wheel
men on Golden Gate' avenue will ring this
evening with the merriment of good fel
lowship,' for the members have' extended
a personal, Invitation to all .ex : members
of the club' to join them In a social re
union. Not since the days of the "good
old ordinary" will there be such a, gath
ering as Is promised for to-night. "Pop"
Mohrig will bring for inspection the rac
liie suit he wore at the Bay District track
In 1872. • Emll Fahrbach will exhibit his
ordinary, vintage of 1576. Robert M.
Welch. Tom Hill and Fred Cook will re
late the troubles they had gaining admis
sion for their wheels to Golden Gate Park.
Plummer, Sheldon, Knapp. Eddie Adams
and others will tell of the famous tour
ing seasons of ISSS*ISS9 and 1S90; of "Fat"
Hammer's marvelous staying powers.
Billy Meeker's appetite and "Confuzzy"
McClure's oddities. The names of. Moore.
Leadbetter, Elwell, Hodgklns, Nye, Stod
dard, Thompson, Frank James, Bauer,-
Milroy, Wetmore, Allan, Adcock, Gar
rett, Llbby, Gllmore. Easton. Middlehoff,
Browning, Doane, Melrose, Cox, Angell,
Marshall. Goddard, Carpenter. Watters
and many others will again be on every
lip. for they have promised to come to
night and renew old acquaintances. Few
of them are members of the club to-day,
RIFLEMEN ENTERTAIN.
The annual banquet and distribution of
prizes of the Germanla Schuetzen Club
was held last evening at California Hall.
C2O Bush street. The report of the offi
cers showed that the programme of last
year was very satisfactory and netted the
organization a good profit over the out
lay. Following are the winners, winning
scores and the prizes:
First championship class— First medal Dr
L. O. Rodgers 3052 rings; second medal,
John Utsehig 3071. Second champion class—
• First medal, Nick Ahrens 2M5 rings: sec
ond medal. R. Stettin 2798. First cla<ss—
First medal. K. Goetze 2532: second medal
J. Gefken ZSO3. Second clans— First medal,
J.F. Bridges 2766; second medal, A. Jung
blut 2697. Third elkss— First medal, H.
Lllkendey 2591; second medal. J. Beuttler
2431.
Medals for first best shot— F. P. Schuster,
twice. E. Goetze. twice; A. Jungblut,' once;
F. Utschis. once; F. Beuttler. once; L.
Haake. once; F. Thode, once; D. B. Fak
tor. once: J. F. Bridges, once; C. Thierbach,
once.
Medals for last best shot— Dr. L. O.
Rodgers. twice; J. Utschlg. twice; J. F.
Bridjre*. three times; D. Salfleld. once; A.
Jungblut. once: F. Rust, once; J. Oefken.
once; R. Stettin, once.
Ring target, best ten three-shot scores—
D B. Faktor 724 rings. $100; Dr. L.. O. Rod
iters 724. $60; F. P. Schuster 722. $40; D. W.
McLaughlln 720. $30; J. Utsonlg 710. $25; A.
Strocker 701. $23; N. Ahrens 695. $22; E.
Goetze 630. $20.
Boßt five centers, machine measurement—
D Salfleld H72 points. $20; H. Hub*r 2131
$17 50; W. Goetze 2407. $15; L. Haake 2SJ4.
$12 50; F. Rust 28S1. $10; A. Jungblut 2977,
' $9; J. Gefken 3090. $S; J. Young 3333. $8.
Bushnell Pacific Coast champion prize,
best ten scores of ten shots, German twen
ty-five ring:— Won by Dr. £.. O. Rodgers,
2224 rings; the next high .were D. . B. Fak
tor, 2210; F. P. Schuster, J207; J. Utachlg.
2201. D. W. McL&ushUn, 21S1
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
The second match of the season between
the Vampire and Oakland association
football teams will be played to-day on
the Presidio Athletic ground. The first
match was won by the Vampires with a
score of 3 goals to 2. The Vampire team
will ' be without its captain* J. McGaw,
who injured his ankle last Saturday In a
match against the British Mercantile
Marine, but will have the services of the
Rev. H. W. L. OTtourke of the Seamen's
Institute. The kick-off will be at 3p. m..
and the line-up of the two teams will be
as follows:
' Vampires. Positions. Oaklnnd.
Burtehaoll Goalkeeper Raker
Robertson Back Bradley
O'Rourke Back Hunter
Selwood '.Halfback Warren
Dugrgan Halfback P. Chamber*
Macdermld Halfback Shaw
Williamson Forward Morse
White Forward Bird
CasUly Forward Ersklne
Westerfeld Forward I-umont
A. F. Chambers Forward Yon Helm
ON THE TENNIS COURTS.
Interest in winter tennis has not abated
at the -California Club, and every after
noon .this week the courts at Bush and
Pierce streets were In continuous use.
- This afternoon the second of the handi
cap doubles series of tournaments for
the club cups will be played. The teams
w-hlch> have played together during the
last few weeks will enter the lists to-day
and contest for the prize offerings. Joe
Daily has the handicapping In charge
and, depending upon the performances
of the respective teams in the last tour
nament, he will change the advantages
allowed the weaker teams. The Whitney
brothers, the winners of the first handi
cap doubles tournament, will enter the
struggle to-day. They are on scratch—
and are the only team that plays without
some- advantage. It has been quite the
order of things for the young lady mem
bers to play specially arranged matches
on the courts during the morning hours.
Luncheon follows, and in this way tennis
among the lady devotees of the sport Is
reaching Its old-time social caste.
FIELD TRIAL NOTES.
Interest In the forthcoming field trials
at Bakersfleld is noticeably active. Most
of the participants leave this city to-mor
row. Thomas Johnson,- the Judge, was
expected at the scene of action yesterday.
Pointers have been in great demand of
late. John Coleman, the bookmaker, has
bought from R. M. Dodge of Bakersfield
two pointer puppies, one by Sam's Bow-
Fannett, and another by Sam's Bow
Countess V. Lansing Kellogg has pur
chased a dog puppy by Cuba of Kenwood-
Jaqulna, and L. L. Haggin. a dog puppy
by Sam's Bow' Countess V. S. E Slade
and Bruce Cornwall have also each ac
l 'reu u a puppy out of the same litter
Albert Josephs promises to reap a well
merited reward for his enterprise In Im
porting the famous young bull-terrier
Bloonisburg Baron. Fay and Gleason
have bred Woodcote Queen to the Baron,
and E. S. Heller has followed with the
well-known Torpedo.
Albert Sutton has -had the misfortune to
• lose by death his magnificent mastiff
California Esther, by Cube-Pedigree. The
cause of the young mastiff's death was
pleuro-pneumonia. The loss is one that
affects the whole coast, as Esther was
undoubtedly the finest of her sex here.
She was the victor In the winner's class
at the San Francisco Bench Show for the
last two years successively. She was un
der engagement to breed to Dafoiiet Mon
tez.
Leon S. Greenebaum's splendid young
r . I P? I SJ t "i lldofir Harry Lacey. by Captain
Kidd-Phedra, has entirely recovered his
health and is in fine form. Mr. Greene
baum expects to beat all comers In the
bulldog classes.
Dr. A.- Gilbert of Stockton has been en
deavoring to reorganize the Stockton
Kennel Club on an American kennel club
basis, and with every prospect of success.
The doctor Is forming a kennel of cockers,
and his latest acquisition, the black
cocker dog Star, by Yon der Benzon's
Buster-Jessie, promises to be a cracker-
Jack.
H. C. Wegener of the Redwood Kennels
is- disposing of all his cockers except his
champion dogs.
The directors of the San Francisco Ken
nel Club held a special meeting: on Satur
day last at 505 California street, for the
purpose of acting" on applications for
membership. The following new members
were elected: M. M. Tomkins of San
Rafael. N. H. Hlckman and Leon S
Greenebaum of San Francisco, and
Caesar Young of Golden Gate. The an
nual meeting will be held about the 29th
Inst. A meeting of the Pacific Coast
special committee has been called for the
22d inst.
AROUND THE YACHT CLUBS
The nominating committee of the San
Francisco Yacht Club has prepared the
following list of nominees to serve as offl- 1
cers during the present year:' For com
modore, W. N. McCarthy of the schooner
Ramona; vice, commodore, Harry R.
Simpkins of the yawl Tramontana; port
captain, James Kitterman of the launch
America; secretary, E. C. Bartlett of the
yawl Frolic; financial secretary, W. . G.
Morrow; treasurer, R. B. Hogue; treas
urer, J. R. Savory of the sloop Juanlta,
The nominees for recording secretary,
financial- secretary and treasurer are the
incumbents of the offices, and the nomi
nee for commodore has held that office
before. This constitutes the regular
ticket and will be balloted for at the
annual election to be held on the second
Wednesday evening in February. There
are no signs of an opposition ticket.
The annual meeting of the Corinthian
Yacht Club will be held on Wednesday,
January 31, for the purpose of receiv
ing the annual report of officers and of
electing officers and directors for the
coming year. The regular nominees. A3
selected by the nominating committee,
will almost certainly be elected, as no
signs of an opposition ticket have ap
peared. It 'Is understood that some
amendments to the bylaws will be offer
ed, one of which will relate to the ad
mission of women as members of the
club. It Is not at all likely that the
amendment will be adopted, as the Corin
thians are known to be strongly opposed
to the policy recently adopted by the San
Francisco Yacht Club. The Sausallto
clubhouse Is given up to the ladles during
the week — Mondays and Wednesdays be
ing devoted to rowing; Tuesdays . and
Thursdays to basket-ball, and Fridays to
lectures and muslcales. The lady mem
bers of the San Francisco Yacht Club In
clude the following: Mrs. Sperry. presi
dent; Mrs. J. M. Kilgarlf, secretary; Mrs.
L. C. Campbell, Miss Grace C. Martin,
Mrs. A. L. Black, Mrs. E. Shoobert, Miss
E. L. Wilson and Mrs. George A.- Story.
Frank Bartlett of the Corinthians, for
the first time in eight or nine years, finds
himself without a yacht, he having sold
the sloop Queen to J. S. Hanson, a new
member of the Corinthian Club, who last
year sailed the Phoenicia, which he sold
to H. Dlmond. During the coming sea
son,' however, Frank Bartlett will sail on
the Queen with her new owner. The sloop
Aenid was built in 1894 by William Stone
at the Hunters Point yard and was sold
to Charles Morel, by whom she was nam
ed Queen. In 1895 she challenged, on be
half of the San Francisco Yacht Club,
for the Perpetual cup. held by the En-*
cinal Yacht Club as trustee, but was
beaten by Commodore Leonard's El
Sueno. Then she was sold to another
Charles Morel, and by him to Frank
Bartlett. , - .¦ • ' ¦ •
The committee appointed for the pur
pose of nominating members to act as
officers of the Oakland Canoe Club during
this year has submitted the following
names- For commodore, Philip Caduc of
the sloop Annie; vice commodore, Howard
S Bvxbee of the canoe Whim; secretary
treasurer, Charles. Stewart, of the sloop
Beatrice; members !of the membership
committee. ' C. J. Taylor Jr. of the sloop
Nereid and Dr.'S.-\A. Hackett. The elec
tion will be held at the clubhouse on
Sessions Basin, East Oakland, at 8 o'clock
to-night. . , ¦' . , •«.
HOUNDS WILL
MEET AT SAN
CARLOS TO-DAY
Frank J. Caro l an to Act for the
First Time as iMaster of San 1
Mateo Hunt.
The members of the San Mateo Hunt
Club will meet at 3 o'clock this afternoon
at San Carlos station. San Mateo County.
Frank J. Carolan, who was elected mas
ter last 'November before the season b">-
gan. will officiate for the first time. He
has just returned to California from the
Eastern States, where he visited all the
principal hunt clubs, picking up new ideas
which he proposes to carry out here.
Mr. Carolan has brought back an expe
rienced kennel man, several good dog 3
and eight hunters, and knows where other
excellent horses can be obtained. He pro
poses that all the members of the Hunt
shall wear the orthodox "pink" coat,
which is characteristic of the fox-hunter
in Great Britain. Now that the master
has returned the club will become more
active. It is expected there will be large
fields from now until the close of the sea
son, which is likely to be a long one. as
the ground will probably be moist and
soft until quite late this year. The con
struction of the new kennels for the per
manent accommodation of the pack will
shortly be begun, and the work of Im
proving the pack will also be taken In
hand.
On Wednesday, the 24th inst., the meet
will be at Byrne's store, on Half moon
Bay road, on the farther side of the
Spring Valley reservoir. On Saturday,
the. 27th. the pack will be laid on at the
old tollgate house on the Crystal Springs
road, near San Mateo. On Wednesday.
January 31. the meet will be at the polo
field at Burllngame.
and was joined yesterday by John Lem
mer and John Slebe. Alex Vogelsang, Al
Wilson and others of the old guard go
up to-day. The number would be largely
increased but for lack of train facilities,
as persons going up to-day cannot return
until Monday night.
No big fish are being taken at Point
Reyes, although a number of enthusiasts,
including Frank Maskey and John But
ler, have tried their wiles on the fish.
The members of the San Francisco Fly-
Casting Club look forward to a big de
velopment In the gentle pastime during
the coming season. Over 60 per cent of
the club's membership attended the first
gathering of this season. This is taken
as an indication of the interest shown in
the development of fly-casting.
but none of them have lost their love for
the sport.
The invitations to other guests not
members ot the club are few, but each
member is allowed to invite one friend.
The entertainment to be provided by the
house committee will rival all previous
efforts in this direction.
Paul M. Nippert, president of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs, has ad
dressed a communication to the various
clubs which are members of the associa
tion calling their attention to its present
condition and to a special meting to be
held next Wednesday night. lJis desira
ble that a quorum be present to turn over
the control of racing on this coast to the
National Cycling Association. Mr. Nip
pert urges the clubs to send either dele
gates or proxies.
A brief resume from a letter to the
cycling editor from Herbert V. Ready of
the Bay City Club, who is now in Los
Angeles, regarding the new track there
may be of Interest to local racing men,
who are thinking of going down there.
He says: "Track is eight-lap, board and
very fast. Covered on top with canvas,
which has twice blown off. Four thou
sand people present January 14. It is a
paying investment. Freeman and Lacey
are in fine shape. McFarland and Fur
man are not riding. McFarland expects
to get control of the track and run the
races Hardy Downing is riding well,
likewise Lawson, Stevens and Turville.
Lacey says there are several first class
amateurs here, and he predicts great
things for them."
The annual meeting and election of of
ficers of the Pacific Cycling Club was held
the other evening, with the following re
sult: President. Frank \V. Tlddy; vice
president, Ernst E. Erbe: secretary
iTf^ l^ 1 " 1 £ h /J rles W - Ett'ns: captain.
Alfred Bach; lieutenant. Fred M. Hartter
The professional tournament held last
Saturday and Sunday on the Adams Point
course under the management of the Oak
land Golf Club was successful and pro
duced an exceedingly close and interest
ing contest. Though Horace Rawlins
thoroughly deserved his victory, plaj ing
good golf throughout the tournament and
beating the second man by six strokes,
the next four players were so near to
gether that on another occasion any one
of them might beat the other thre-?.
Rawlins- carried off the first prize of- $lO3
with a score of 16S for thirty-six nole*;,
or an average of 42 per round. Alexander
Smith was second with 174, winning $"A>.
while Melville and Stephenson tied for
third prize with 176. W. Anderson wan
fifth with 177. In playing off the tie, over
eighteen holes. Stephenson made 91, beat
ing Melville's score of 54. and won third
prize, $25. T. W. Tetley. though consid
erably behind his nearest competitor on
Saturday, pluckily played the remaining
two rounds on Sunday. On the first day
the professionals were followed around
the course by a large "gallery," includ
ing several ladies, but on Sunday the
spectators were much fewer, and Included
only two or three ladies.
It was at first thought that some of th->
amateurs of Southern California would
enter the tournament, but at the last mo
ment tlit managers of the event declared
it open to professionals only. It has boon
stated that any amateurs who might have
played in the match would have lost their
status as amateur golfers under section
S of the by-laws of the United States Golf
Association, which defines an amateur as
one "who has never within the jurisdic
tion of this association played a mater;
game apa.:nst a professional for a money
bet or stake, nor played in a club cciii
petition for a money prize or swoop
stakes." The wording of the rule Is. how
ever, by no means clear, as no one can
positively say whether the words "com
petition for a money prize" or "played
• • • for a money prize" are to be taken
closely together. The contest at Oakland
might be said to be not a "club compe
tition." but one open to any golfers, or
the amateur mlcht save his status by ac
cepting a trophy in lieu of the "money
prize" or resigning his claim to a prize
<>f any kind. In Great Britain men of the
highest social standing play in the same
cricket team as professionals, and against
ti-ams made up similarly of amateurs
and professionals, skill in the game and
residence being the only things consid
ered. It is also held that a man may b<*
a professional cricket player, footballer
or billiardist and an amateur golfer, if
he plays golf as a recreation, and not as
a means of livelihood. The essential point
is this: If a man livc-s by or makes profit
of his skill in a game he'is a professional,
end is barred from amateur contests be
cause he is likely to introduce profession
al ideas into the sport, and to do what
ever puts most money into his pocket. If
a man gets his living by a profession or
trade, and plays a game as a recreation
and because he likes it, he is an amateur.
Hence a professional runner or pugilist
might be an amateur golfer! But in the
United States the accepted rule Is that a
professional in one sport is a professional
in all.
On the invitation of James Melville, In
structor on the links of the Hotel iM
Monte, the professionals who played m
the Oakland tournament went down to
Del Monte last Monday.
There will be a golf cotillon at the Oak
land clubhouse to-night, at which all
members are requested to appear in golf
costume. The affair, which will doiib;
!<-ss attract a large number of the mem
bers. Is under the management of Mrs.
P. E. Bowles and Mrs. J. H. T. Watkir.
son.
On Monday there will be a ladies' nar.d
icap at the Presidio links, over eighteen
holes, medal play.
Several players, among them being
Baron yon Fchroeder, J. J. Crooks, George
Heazelton, W. G. Curtis and R. G. Brown,
practice on the San Rafael links, whore
the eighteen-hole course is ready for play.
The first game of the home-and-home
match between teams of eight men each
from the San Francisco and Oakland Golf
clubs will be played on the Presidio links
next Saturday, the 27th inst. During the
week the captains of both clubs exchange
lists of their teams. In which lists the
players will be numbered according to
their strength. No. lof the Oakland team
will play against No. 1 of the San Fran
cisco eight. No. 1 against No. 2. and so on.
The contest will be over eighteen holes,
match play. The second game of the first
match will be played on the Oakland links
on Saturday. February 3. The scores of
the two games will then be added, and
the team which wins the first match will
be entitled to hold the trophy until the
second match takes p!ace in the spring.
The San Francisco representatives will
be chosen from the following: 8. L.. Ab
bott Jr.. J. W. Byrne, Major H. J. Galle
phcr. R. B. Gaylord, H. B. Goodwin, E.
Conde Jones. L. O. Kellogg. John Law
eon. E. J. McCutchen. Charles Page. H.
D. Pillsbury and A. B. Williamson. It is
possible that John Lawson may not be
able to play, as he met with an awkward
accident while playing polo at Burlin
irame. his pony rolling over him and in
juring his knee.
Next Friday and Saturday a tournament
under the management of the Southern
California Golf Association will be held
on the links «>f the Pasadena Country
Club, at which the women's champion
ship of Southern California will be de
cided. The qualifying round will be at
eighteen holes, medal play, and the four
competitors making the best scores will
enter the first round of the championship
contest at eighteen holes, match play.
The final round will also be over eighteen
holes, match play, and In case of a tie
the contestants aro to continue playing
until one or the other wins a hole, when
the match will be ended. The winner vlll
receive a cold medal and the women's
championship of Southern California.
Hjgh May. while playing in a foursome
recently on the links of the Los Angeles
Country Club, made "Dinky," the fifth
hole, in one stroke. The length of the
hole is set down as 113 yards, but as the
taring ground Is on the top of a hill over
looking the green the air line is consider
ably less than a hundred yards. This Is
the first time that any hole on the Coun
try < "lub's links has been made in one.
On October 21 of last year C. P. Hubbard
of the Oakland Golf Club made "Gully,"
the second hole of the "short course " in
a Finrle stroke, its length being ICO yards
and only the f-dge of the putting green be-
In* visible- from the teeing ground. Wal
ter Cosby of the Los Angeles Country
Club has made one of the holes on the
Catalina Island course on the drive.
LUXOR, FLEETEST GREYHOUND NOW IN TRAINING.
Photographed expressly for The Call by C. J. Adams.
OF the dogs seen in competition at the local coursing parks recently, pride of
place is easily held by Curtis & Sons' splendid white and black greyhound
Luxor. By some authorities he is pronounced the most .representative
dog of the breed cunning here. He will be the principal representative of
his owner in tlje rich John Grace challenge cup stake at Union Park next
month and will make a strong bid for the big purse. Luxor is by Skyrocket-
Wave and Is nearly three years old. He defeated Young America in a match
on February 5; won a 44-dog stake April 30; won the special stake on Thanksgiv
ing day; the open stake December 10, and divided with Cavalier, his kennel
mate, December 31. He had the stake at Union Park last Sunday apparently
at his mercy, but was withdrawn as it was thought he showed signs, of weak
ness and afterward the liniment which was used in the rubbing-down process
was blamed for his actions.
San Mateo Coursing Park will reopen
on February 4 under new management
and another bid will be made for the
patronage of coursing men and of the
public. The control of the park has been
placed in the hands of D. J. Tobin, who
will try to score a success where others
failed. He claims the support of a num
ber of coursing men and is sanguine of
success. The draw for the first day's
coursing will be held on Wednesday, the
31st inst. It was intended to -offer the
responsible position of judge to John
Grace Jr.. who scored a marked success
at the last meeting; but his serious illness
would prevent his accepting.
The management of Union Coursing
Park offers an attractive programme for
to-day and to-morrow. An open stake
with eighty-eight high-class dogs and a
sapling stake with twenty-six prospective
champions entered forms the card. Among
the dogs in the open stake are: Sara,
Cash, Sweet Emma, Theron, Warship,
Kid McCoy, Royal Anne, Lucky Dog,
Rock Island Boy, lowa Maid, Beacon,
Royal Flush, Vanity Fair, O'Hara, Bohe,
Flying Fox and Diablo. Coursing will
commence each day upon the arrival of
the 10:15 a. m. train. The 1:25 p. m. train
for Tanforan will stop at the park this
afternoon.
The stake at Ingleside is for beaten
dogs, and an overllowing entry was re
ceived. The stake was nnally limited to
11- dogs, which number will go to the
blips to-day.
Pat Morgan, who was prominently iden
tiru-d with coursing on tnis coast until he
volunteered to light for his country in the
Philippines, is back in the sport again.
He has Lucretia Borgia and Lawton'a
Brigade (.the latter named apparently in
memory of fighting days) entered in the
open stake at Union Park this week. They
are by Van Knapp — Just Eclipsed, being
of the same litter as James Hurley's Pat
Horgan, a most promising young grey
hound.
Eugene Geary will start his young dog
Ireland this week. He is by Emln Pasha —
Bonnie Lass. Of this litter Palo Alto and
Bonnie Pasha have started, and have
shown themselves high-class performers.
Dan Riordan has lost his black dog
puppy by St. Lawrence — Daisy II through
being run over by a train. He was a fine
loolung greyhound and showed much
promise.
J. M. Halton. manager of the Pasha
Kennels, is particularly sweet on a For
Freedom— Miller's Rabble sapling. He is
solid black, with white points, and al
though only three months old is of splen
did size and great substance. He is one
of the most promising young greyhounds
on the coast.
J. P. Thrift has a lot of highly bred
puppies at his Fruitvale* kennels, which
will soon be ready for competition. His
favorite is a Dakota— Lurllne puppy. All
coursing men who have seen it are struck
by its remarkable resemblance to For
Freedom. He has the markings of the
latter down to the smallest detail and is
built on the same lines. "Johnny" Maher
has the remainder of the litter. They
are all promising and will be ready to
run in a puppy stake in April.
Ralph Taylor has a number of For Free
dom—Beauty Spot puppies, which are
doing well. They have recovered from dis
temper and are commencing to fill out
into racy lines.
Mr. Thrift also has a Hughle — Grass
hopper puppy of great promise. He is
M.-ic-k. with white markings, and is big
and strong. He will soon be ready for
competition.
John Klein has purchased three puppies
from S. W. Smith, which in breeding and
quality should , develop into stake win
ners. They are' by the great dog Vigilant
out of Sans Souci. She is by Emm Pasha
—Venture. One is a black dog. weighing
sixty pounds, while another is a counter
part of Hugh Lynch's black wonder, Lot
tie M.
Bartels Bros.' Winning Style, which was
imported from Ireland, has whelped thir
teen puppies to the same owner's Hughle,
imp. Eight of the litter are living.
"Billy" Murphy will fill the position of
Judge at Stockton, vice "Jack Sheehan,
resigned. Mr. Sheehan has been appoint
ed a steward at Ingleside.
John Maher tried out two Master Glen
kirk—Glenvlew saplings at Union Park
last Monday. Frank Brown also tried out
at the same time f-ome Border Ruffian —
Gladys Pasha youngsters.
Will Thompson is giving Flora McDon
ald a special preparation for the John
Grace cup stake. She will be his only
representative for the big purse.
Judge P. J. Rellly of Ingleside Park will
be represented in the Belle Brandon stake
by some Moondyne — Queen Bee and by
Connemara— Mlalmo youngsters.
D. Chella's Golden Russet has been
mated with Pasha Kennels' For Freedom.
It is understood that C. J. Horrigan's
imported dog Overture will be tried in
private with Curtis & Son's crack dog
Luxor. As the latter is in grand condi
tion and runs consistently a fair measure
may be taken of his opponent's ability.
J. McEnroe has lost his Imported dog
Admiral Sampson, and thinks an effort
will be made to run him outside this city
under a new name. \
The Capital City Coursing Club has
ruled off a man named Douglas nnd has
notified the California Coursing Commit
tee to that effect.
N. P. Whiting's Winona has been bred
to Russell. Allen & Wilson's St. Clalr.
DOGS WILL HAVE
THREE PARKS IN
WHICH TO RUN
Arrangements Completed for the
Keopening of San Mateo Cours
ing Park Next Month.
CRACK GOLFERS
PLAY ON DEL
MONTE COURSE
Status of Amateur Golfers Who Take
Part in Tournaments Pro
fessionals Being Questioned.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900.
5
SPORTSa f Tit m
Mayor Phelan resents any suggestion of compari
m:i between him and the Lord Mayor of London.
His Honor possibly thinks as others do and believes
that the comparison to be just ought to be with the
Czar.
The Czar of Russia has invited the world to gaze
in admiration upon the success of his peace confer
ence. Japan seems to have the sulks and is looking to
her guns instead.
The Paris Figaro says that the Count Boni de Cas
tellane has lost millions by speculation on the Bourse
and is now on his way to America to recoup his
losses. Can .it be possible that he contemplates an
other wealthy marriage? # '
There appears to be some. difficulty in getting rid of
thequaranthfetug which has been an ornament to the
health service of this city. It might not be amiss to
make the tug a star exhibit among the relics in the
Governor's office
PRETTY DINNER DRESS
The dinner dress represented is in pom
padour.muslin over a ground of white taf
fetas. The yoke is of white lace encircled
with a fichu flounce of the same material.
The sleeves are encircled with bands of
laca insertion, and the skirt trimmed
round the bottom with a gathered flounce
edged with lace.
Napa Register.
The San Francisco Call, owned by John
D. Spreckels, a man pecuniarily as well
as morally responsible for the utterances
of his paper, says Mayor Phelan is guilty
of a felony— charges him with having en
tered into an ante-election contract to de
liver control of the Police Department to
A. M. Lawrence of the Examiner. The
accusation is made in bold-faced type,
and the paper that makes It asks tlie
Mayor to sue it for libeL The Mayor does
not respond by instituting suit against
the man who deliberately prefers these
charges, but satisfies himself and hi 3 cr
gan, the Examiner, by "scorning the at
tacks of viciously partisan papers." He
alleges that efforts to exact promises
from him before election in the Interest
of The Call proprietor were rebuked: is
free to say that he did advise with the
Examiner In making his appointmenta;
that from the first he was determined to
clean out the "upper office" (that of
Chief) in the Police Department, etc. "I
would not," he says, "think of suing a
paper for libel under such circumstance*,
because the verdict at the polls is the
best vindication a man may have." In>
this the Mayor is mistaken: success at
the polls is not always the best vindica
tion a man may have. Much depends
upon the methods employed In achieving
that success. All this aside, the quarrel
as It stands is one calculated to humiliate
a city so lately pledged to a broader and
better and more progressive life.
• • •
Santa Rosa Republican
It is no ordinary contest that Is being
waged over the appointment of Chief of
Police at San Francisco. At first our
eympathies were with Esola— the candi
date of the Examiner and of Mayor Phe
lan. But we have ceased to regard It as
a newspaper battle and are forced to the
conclusion from developments to date
that Esola is an unfit man for the place.
Also, that the supposed immaculate
Mayor of the metropolis and the disrepu
table editor of the Examiner are parties
to a conspiracy to elect him. The charges
against Esola are of serious character.
If they are true they should disqualify
him from the holding of any position of
trust. Evidently the man who has made
these charges believes he can substanti
ate them. Without doubt plans were laid
to whitewash Esola by the Police Com
missioners Monday evening without per
mitting the accuser of the candidate to
produce the evidence In the case. That
scheme miscarried and there is to be a
hearing. In connection with this matter
the Bulletin makes out a good case of
forgery against the Examiner. Also, the
Bulletin declares that Mayor Phelan gave
MAYOR PHELAN DENOUNCED
FOR HIS POLITICAL TRICKERY
to the Examiner a list of witnesses that
he had been informed would support the
charges against Esola, and that every in
fluence that disreputable sheet could em
ploy has been used to prevent their giv
ing testimony In the case. It is a very In
teresting affair throughout and it puts
James D. Phelan. Mayor of San Fran
cisco, in a very close place. At best he
now appears to b» guilty of double deal
ing. While protesting entire Independ
ence In his official acts he appears now
to be under obligations to the editor of
the Examiner In the making of this most
Important appointment. This will go far
to shake the confidence the people, not
only of San Francisco, but of the entire
State, have felt in him. If half that is
charged against Esola is proven true,
Mayor Phelan cannot consent to his ap
pointment as Chief of Police of San Fran
cisco unless he has put himself under ob
ligations to the candidate's chief backer.
Lawrence of the Examiner. The next
few days will have much to do with de
termining the future career of Mayor
Phelan. He. as, well as Esola, is on trial
in this matter.
• • •
Alameda Argus.
We are willing, and even anxious, to
believe that Mayor Phelan is all right,
but wish he would not reply to his de
tractors to such inordinate length and
in such acrimony and big type. While
a great many are ready to acquit him of
penal offenses, and even turpitude, no
body Is likely to be Impressed with his
repeated and heated denial of any under
standing as to Esola. The facts are that
the commission which he selected, as its
initiatory act, proposed to appoint a3
Chief of Police a man whose only call
on the position, so far as the public can
see, is the championship of the Mayor
and his close personal and Journalistic
/riend. Certainly there is no record of
the man to warrant appointment on his
merits. There are even charges against
him of so grave a nature that unless they
are utterly and strikingly disproved
would render his appointment incompat
ible with adequate public service. This
man is so intrenched that notwithstand
ing the storm that has been raised, there
is still a chance of his appointment. The
Mayor's tedious and retaliatory defense,
in the face of these facts, we very much
fear, will not wholly quiet the public ap
prehension.
• • •
Stockton Record.
Those Republicans who supported
Mayor Phelan In San Francisco for re
election are disgusted. It serves them
right. They could just as well have elect
ed a Republican had they chosen to act
wisely.
Mrs. Archibald Douglass Dick, whose
husband has gone to South Africa In
command of a company of Scotch volun
teers. Mrs. Parrott will remain abroad
until the return of Mr. Dick from the
war.
Among the passengers who arrived In
port yesterday on the Doric are Lieuten
ant Commander and Mrs. C. Thomas, U.
S. N. Commander Thomas has been for
some time" attached to the Manila fleet
and is now home on waiting orders, his
term of duty on the Asiatic station hav
ing expired. Commander and Mrs.
Thomas' are staying at the Occidental.
Among the distinguished arrivals at
the Palace is Rear Admiral C. C. P. Fitz
gerald of the British navy. With the
admiral are the following members of his
staff: Captain Hon. S. C. Corvllle, Lieu
tenant C. E. Crosby, Lieutenant R. C.
Baker and Lieutenant Boden Smith.
These officers are on their way home to
England in obedience to orders from
their superiors. They will leave very soon
for the East.
¦m ¦ '
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Jan. iy.— J. B. Luther of
San Francisco is at the Fifth. Avenue.
Chester Williams of San Francisco is at
the Plaza. Miss I. Steel of San Fran
cisco is at the Brevoort.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CALL'S HOME STUDT— W. J. W..
Newcastle, Cal. The Call's Home Study
has not been Issued in book form. For
miss?ng numbers in the series address the
business manager of The Call.
FINGER RING— A. R., Princeton, Cal
If an unmarried woman 13 willing to
marry, but is not engaged, she should
wear a ring on the index finger of the
left hand; if engaged, on the second fin
ger,, and if married a plain gold band on
the third finger. If she makes up her
mind that she will not marry she wears
a ring on the little finger of the left hand
a notice that no suitors need apply Rine--?
worn upon the fingers of the right hand
convey no meaning. A gentleman who
gives an engagement ring donates one ac
cording to his means. Sometimes the
lady expresses preference for the ipwei
that Is accredited to the month of her
birth as the one to adorn her engagement
PROBABLY- A MOCK MARRIAGE-
Subscriber Portland. Or. No minister or
priest would in the State of Montana or
25X °* th , er St f te in whlcn a ""nse U T re
quired In order to solemnize a marrlace
marry a couple without such license ami
then conceal such "marriage by not
making a record thereof. To do so the
officiating clergyman would lay himself
liable to the law of the land and to the
law of his church. The case you say rti.l
occur must have been a "mock marriage."
in which some one falsely personated a
elerrvman. If such a ea3e did occur the
woman would not have to go Into court
to obtain a divorce for the reason that
there was no marriage in law and noth
ing that a court could take official cog
nizance of. _
CIVIL SERVICE APPOINTEES.
Attorney Squires Says the "Push" Is
in and Cannot Be Dislodged.
Editor of The Call: Your editorial of
this morning in which you deprecate tlio
trend of civil service reform in this city
is a clear and correct statement of the
law and facts as far as you go. There i<*.
however, a word or two which, with your
permission, I should like to add to it.
In my controversy with Henry N. Clem
ent in November last I said: "As article 13
(of the charter) stands it Is manifestly a
farce. It lets 'the push' In on January
S in a body and retains them Indefinitely,
or at least until the officials who appoint
them retire from office. The constitution
limits the terms of all appointees under
the civil service rules to four years, thus
taking the very pith out of th© whole
merit system."
The last sentence of this, as you have
demonstrated, describes the situation ex
actly as It existsat present. The four-yeor
limit applies to all officials in the State of
California, and perpetual tenure during
good behavior can only be established by
constant reappointment or a constitu
tional amendment.
In his last communication to you Mr.
Clement said: "Mr. Squires evident, v
questions the validity of that part of the
civil service law which provides for non
removal of faithful appointees during
good behavior. When that question la
raised it will be time to meet it."
The Supreme Court has raised the ques
tion, as you have pointed out. in Patton
vs. Board of Health. Mr. Clement should
now appear at left center and unload him
self. The curtain is up and the orchestra
has finished the opening overture. In
other words, his "time" is up.
Mr. Clement in one of his "replies" do
clared that "thf> push" would not set in
on January 8. Permit me to call your at
tention to the fact that "the push" is :»—
not only "the push" of the various of
ficials elected, but "the push" of Mayor
Phelan himself, and that of the rommls
sions and boards which he has appoint*--!.
Not only this. Notwithstanding th*
Civil Service Commission has generously
forced permission on all .officials to ap
point for sixty days, it is already talkirsr
about passing "the push" in carload lots,
or. what is better, "as a whole." The
foundation of this movement is. I under
stand, a fear that If any other course la
pursued a contest Is certain to be pre
cipitated and the entire system will b«
overthrown.
Under these circumstances, what differ
ence does it make whether "the push"
holds with the permission of the Civil
Service Commission or without it? The
existent fact Is that they are in posses
sion of the works and cannot be dis
lodged. This is what I said would hap
pen under the charter. If Mr. Clement la
the man I take him to be he will no*
come forward and clear up this civil ser
vice mess. He is. in part, responsible for
It. ' GEORGE D. SQUIRES.
San Francisco. Jan. 19.
¦ m ¦
Free exhibition of candy-maklnj? to-day
from Ito9 p. m. Townsend's, 735 Market.*
• ? «
California glace fruits 50c n> in fire-etch
boxes. Townsend's, 733 Market street- •
¦ m •
Townsend's famous broken candy mad<»
from pure sugar, 10c Ib. 733 Market st. •
Townsend's Cal. glace fruits, 50c Ib, at
735 Market st.. will move back In Febru-
ary to Palace Hotel, 639 Marke. St. •
.¦m ¦ ¦
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). stO Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. '
Off for the East.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Morse and Har-
ry R. Cooper left last evening for a trip
to New York on business. On their return
trip Mr. and Mrs. Morse will spend a week
at the White House with President and
Mrs. McKlnley.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In lmDroved wide-vestibuled Pullman tourist
sleeping cars via Santa Fe Route. Experienced
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look after the welfare of passenjers.
To Chicago and Kansas City every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montrent
and Toronto every Wednesday. To 6t. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sunday ar.ii
Friday. Ticket office. 6IS Markef street.
¦ ? ¦
To neglect the hair is to lose youth and come-
liness. Save It with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hindercorns. th<» best cure" for corns, li eta.
« » ¦
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the most
efficacious stimulant to excite the appetite,
keeps the digestive organs In order.
¦ • «
The Fastest Train Across the Con-
tinent.
The California Limited. Santa Fa Rout*.
Connectlne train leaves a p. m.. Monday.
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday. Finest
equipped train and best track of any lin» to
the East. Ticket office. 6CS Market street.
A COMMERCIAL MUSEUM MEETING
HAVING been requested by the Board of Trus
tees of the Mechanics' Institute to do so,
President Wheeler of the State University has
issued a call for a conference upon the question of
establishing in this city a commercial museum similar
in scope to that which has been so successful in
Philadelphia. The meeting is to be held on the even
ing of January 23 at the Hopkins Institute of Art,
?nd will doubtless be well attended.
The Call has repeatedly directed attention to the
vast benefits which the Philadelphia Museum has con
ferred upon the merchants and the manufacturers of
the East, and has pointed out that the success at
tained there is a valid guarantee that results equally
beneficial would accrue to the Pacific Coast from the
establishment of such a museum on a comprehensive
scale in San Francisco. The enterprise which the
conference will consider is therefore not to be re
garded in any way as a speculation or an untried ven
ture. We have simply to follow in the footsteps of
the nien-who built up the museum in Philadelphia
to achieve in proportion to our opportunities and our
energies an equally great success.
That the time is propitious to such an undertaking
is well known to all intelligent observers of the condi
tions of our industry and commerce. The expanding
trade of the United States is turning westward, and
with each succeeding year an increasing proportion
of it is going not across the Atlantic to Europe, but
across the, Pacific to China. It becomes not only
the privilege but the duty of the merchants of San
Francisco to advance and promote that westward
flow of trade. There should be provided here a
museum which will exhibit the articles which, are in
demand in various countries, so that American manu-
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
F. Richhord, a traveler from Germany,
is a guest at the Palace,' •
Max Merson, the Placerville banker and
capitalist, is at the Lick.
Joseph R. Ryland, the San Jose capital
ist, is staying at the Occidental.
Dr. Geprge S. yon Nedestaedt of San
Mateo Is registered at the Palace.
Thomas H. Thompson, a wealthy land
owner of Tulare. is a guest at the Lick.
Carl E. Lindsey, a Santa Cruz attor
ney, is among the recent arrivals at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Ash, U. S. N., are
registered for a short stay a.t the Oc
cidental.
Rev. and Mrs. 11. Perkins are registered
at the Occidental, where they arrived
yesterday.
Dr. A. A. Beebe, a noted specialist of
Boston, Mass., Is registered for a short
stay at the Grand.
R. J. Langford, Sheriff of Santa Clara
County, is at the Lick, where he regis
tered yesterday from his home in San
Jose.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven and her daughter,
Mrs. Henry Koehler, arrived in the city
last night from St. Louis and went to
the Palace. The famous case in which
they are interested will come up for trial
on Wednesday next.
George Crocker' will leave to-day for
Portland, Or... where he will inspect some
of the property of the Pacific Improve
ment Company. From there he will go
on to New York. The date of his return
to this city is Indefinite.
C. Morla Vicuna, Minister of Chile at
Washington, D. C, is at the Palace, ac
companied by his wife and family. He
has been to Japan in connection with
some official business of his own coun
try and is now on his way East to resume
his post at Washington.
Mrs. John Parrott will soon leave for
Scotland. She eoes to visit her daughter.
Mrs. John Henry Boyn, who was arrested a few
days ago in this city while she was still Gertie Camp
bell, was discharged from custody on a charge of
vagrancy, on the representation that; pending her
trial, she had committed matrimony with a circus ac
robat. Judge Cabaniss evidently thought that punish
ment enough for any woman.
MISS FLOOD
ENTERTAINS
A Brilliant Reception in
Honor o? Her Brother's
For the first time in many months the
Flood mansion on California street was
thrown open on Tuesday afternoon for a
brilliant reception, given by Miss Jennie
Flood, in honor of her brother's bride,
Mrs. James Flood, nee Fritz.
It Is more than probable that Mrs.
Flood is destined to be one of the social
leaders in local . society. Mr. Flood is
having constructed an elegant new home
on Broadway, near Buchanan street, on
the site formerly occupied by the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Donohoe.
This home will afford Mrs. Flood all the
facilities for entertaining and will doubt
less be the scene of many brilliant gath
erings.
A limited number of the swell set will
again have the privilege of meeting Mrs.
Flood at a luncheon to be given by Miss
Ullie Follis on Tuesday, January 30, at
her home, 2230 Washington street.
THE RESCRIPT OF THE CZAR.
ACCORDING to the London Chronicle the
Czar prepared by way of a greeting to the
world on the Russian New Year's day a re
script of an extraordinary nature. The Czar, like the
Pope and the Kaiser, holds that we have now ente-ed
upon the twentieth century, and his address was de
signed as an appeal to the rulers of the nations to
mark the new era by taking steps in the direction of
permanent peace.
It appears the Czar has been not in the least dis
mayed by the seemingly complete failure of the fa
mous conference at The Hague. His new rescript of
peace is said to be even more in its tenor
than the one which brought about that conference.
It even goes so far as to make a direct appeal to the
parliaments of the nations and to declare: "Mon
strous sums are spent on floating fortresses, which
improved methods of ship-building soon render ob
solete. Let the parliaments which are about to de
liberate on naval armaments consider if there be not
a better way to safeguard a country." The rescript is
further quoted as declaring the Transvaal war to be
an evil which is mitigated only by the fact that it is
"for the present prevented from spreading by the
peaceable disposition of disinterested states."
In the absence of any wide announcement of such
a rescript it is evident that either the Chronicle was
misinformed or else that the Czar sent it out through
secret channels of diplomacy to the officials of the
various nations as a confidential message. The
Chronicle is' not addicted to faking news, and there
fore considerable credit attaches to its report, but it
must be admitted that such a document would be cal
culated to stir up strife rather than diminish it.
Consider the situation. Last year the Russian Gov
ernment appropriated a large sum of money for naval
purposes, but during that year the Kaiser was less
fortunate. The Reichstag rejected the -naval bills.
Now the Czar, having provided for the Russian navy
in the nineteenth century, wishes a general agreement
that there shall be no such appropriations in the twen
tieth century. The emotions of the Kaiser* on receiv
ing such a New Year's greeting from his imperial
brother can be imagined. .
It is to be hoped the full text of the document will
soon be made public. The Kaiser gave the world a
good deal of entertainment by his war talk in cele
bration of the dawn of the new century, and it is only
right the Czar should put the cap on the climax by
a rescript of peace that will make the war iord feel
like a back number, a survival of the middle, ages, a
creature out of date in the twentieth century.
Since the Mayor has so vehemently invited people
to come down from high places it might sug
gest itself to him that the time is opportune for him
to come off his perch.
A BRILLIANT ORATION.
SENATOR BEVERIDGE'S speech on the Phil
ippines was described in the dispatches from
Washington as a "brilliant oration." The Con
gressional Record containing it has now been re
ceived, and the accuracy of the description is made
evident. The speech is indeed one of the most
scintillating that illumines any page of the Record
since its publication began, and to the coruscations
of glittering generalities adds the flashing of dazzling
details.
"I have a nugget of pure gold," said the Senator,
"picked up in its present form on the banks of a
Philippine creek. I have gold dust washed out by the
crude processes of careless natives from the sands of
a Philippine stream. Both indicate great deposits at
the source from which they come." That is a sample
of the Senator's argument. To him a nugget is proof
positive of immense riches, and some gold dust from
the sands of a stream confirmation sure that there are
millions in it. Had the Senator found on his travels
one bone of the vertebra of a megalosaurian he
would have returned to swear the woods are full of
them.
His argument concerning the commercial probabili
ties of the islands is a shining specimen of his style.
It runs thus: "Spain's export and import trade with
the islands, undeveloped, was ?u,534,73i annually.
Our trade with the islands developed will be $125,000.
000 annually, for who believes that we cannot do ten
times as well as Spain?" Who, indeed? Some of us
believe that we can do a hundred times better than
Spain, and on that basis might estimate a Philippine
trade ten times bipger than the Senator estimates.
Such commercial calculations are dead easy; all you
have to d«i is to take a grain of gold dust and
prophesy a poM mine.
Another gem of brilliant ray occurs in the Sena
tor's prediction of the future of the islands and of
Manila. '•Consider," he says, "their imperial dimen
sions. Luzon is larger and richer than New York,
Pennsylvania, Illinois or Ohio. Mindanao is larger
and richer than all New England, exclusive of Maine.
Manila as a port of call and exchange will in the time
of men now living far surpass Liverpool." That
jirophecy sparkles like an aurora borealis, and yet, as
human life goes, most men would consider it a prom
ise of a very desirable longevity if they were assured
of living until Manila surpasses Liverpool.
Even of good things there can be a surfeit, and
therefore :t will not be advisable to reproduce' her
a!l of the Senator's arguments of excelling bright
ness. One more, however, may be admitted. By
way of confirming his glowing hopes of our impe
rialism in the Philippines he tells what has been done
by the British, and fays: "On the bare and burning
rock of Hongkong our constructing race has builded
one of the noblest cities of all the world, and made
the harbor it commands the focus of the commerce
of the East. And the glory of that achievement
illumines with a rarer splendor than that of Water
loo the flag that floats above it. for from Hongkong's
heights civilization is irradiating all the Orient. If
this be imperialism the final end will be the empire of
the Son of man."
Beyond that flight no eloquence can. go. A grain
of gold dust may be undoubted evidence of exhaust-
Jefs gold mines. Manila may. in our time surpass
Liverpool, and Luzon to-day may surpass the State
of New York, but there is not even a grain of evi
dence in Hongkong imperialism to show signs of
the coming empire of the Son of man. It is clear
that when he reached that point in his speech' the
S" t da " icd by iiis ow - eiow "« m *
As The Call believes them to be men who value
their good names as something better than the price
of a political trickster's bargain, it will leave the
answer to them. They have not sought for a man
who would worthily be their representative. They
have stopped where their official creator commanded
them to stop. They have begun and ended then
search with a young man who in private or official
life is not above reproach, who has stained his name
with actions and associations which do him no credit,
who possesses not a single qualification of mind or
morals to entitle him to the position which in pre
posterous presumption he seeks.
If it were not for the secret manipulations of politi
cians whose greed of ambition blinds them to an
honorable public policy, the name of this young as
pirant would never seriously be considered in con
nection with the office of Chief of Police. The in
vestigation which is now in progress should not be to
determine whether or not he is entitled to the honor
of Chief of Police, but whether public policy can be
subserved by permitting him to remain where he is in
a position to which he has brought no dignity, no
ability and no qualification or merit.
Would William" Thomas, if he were seeking a con
fidential associate, consider the application of a man
whose character had to be a subject for investigation
before his employment? Would George A. Newhall
place the responsible interests of his railroad in the
keeping of a man whose skirts are stained by the
suspicion of scores of witnesses and whose reputation
must be bolstered up by the testimony of people
called from many parts of the State? Would Wil
liam J. Biggy intrust his private character to a man
who must prove that he has one before he can plead
the right of assuming a trust? Would Dr. W. F.
McNutt take into his confidence a man at whom the
menacing finger of scandal is pointing?
It is absurd to believe that the Police Commission
ers would for a moment consider the claims of such
a man in connection with their own personal affairs.
Yet they are the custodians of interests vastly more
important than their own. Can they for a moment
fail to see the clear, straight course of their duty to
the people of this city?
AMUSEMENTS.
Orj-.hMjm— VauSn-Ule.
Columbia.— "A TVictw'B TaJ«."
CaJtfomia— "The Countess Guckl."
Tlvoh— "The Idol's Eye."
Grand Opera-house — •'Don Ce&sar of Irun."
Alhambra— "A Hot Old Time."
Alcazar— "Lady "Windermere"* Fan."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venin*.
OJympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Song Recital. Monday evening, Janu-
TWstern Turf Association— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Turkish Rur Co.— This day, at 11 a. m. and 2pm
Turkish liugs. at liJ Stockton street. '*
AN APPEAL FROM THE YAQUIS.
OWING to the prevailing interest in the fight in
South Africa and the footrace in the Philip
pines the world has given but little attention
of late to the struggle of the Yaquis for freedom and
sovereignty in Sonora. By way of rectifying that in
justice there has been issued a manifesto to the
American people from the Yaqui junta setting forth
reasons why they have taken up arms and giving a
cordial invitation to any and all volunteers who may
choose to go to their aid in the fight. " '
The manifesto declares that the Yaquis have begun
their struggle against Mexico primarily because "it
is not natural a superior race submit to an
inferior." It goes on to add, however, that the war
was precipitated largely by the friendliness of the
Yaquis for the Americans, and in proof thereof says:
"In May, IS9B, when the Americans were fighting the
Spaniards, the Yaqui nation offered for the service
of the United States 2500 soldiers, fresh from the
battle-field, sweet with liberty. The Mexican Govern
ment in its hatred for the United States prevented the
Yaqui soldiers from helping the United States, and
ever since has heaped injury and indignity upon the
Yaquis."
By reason of the wrong of Mexico in not permit
ting the braves sweet with liberty to serve under our
flag in the war against Spain the heroes have re
solved to be free. The proclamation says: "The
Yaqui nation will no longer tolerate the Mexican
army in Sonora. That army is composed of crimi
nals. Mexico, instead of improving her convicts,
places them in the army that is meant to hold the
Yaquis in subjection. Thus' it is that Sonora is the
dumping-ground for the criminals of Mexico. The
Yaquis will not have dishonest men among them,
whether Mexican convict or official."
For the information of all who feel desirous to aid
the good work the information is given in the mani
festo that the Yaqui nation has established a provi
sional government, . the offices of which are at
Babispe. The Yaqui army headquarters are at Opo
sura in winter, and Potam in summer. All Americans
are welcome to enlist. In the event o\ the success of
the Yaqui people over the robber Mexicans no for
eigners, except native-born Americans, will be al
lowed in Sonora for ten years. The property and
persons of Americans in Sonora will be protected by
the Yaquis in every way. All Americans are warned
against Mexicans who commit murders ascribed to
Yaquis.
The manifesto is signed by seven names, and they
are suggestive of a wide variety of nationalities.
Among them are Spanish names like Saavedra, Es
calante, Tenebanto and Villa, but there is also, a
Duryea, a Herbst and a Dwyer. Altogether it is a
bright document and well signed, but what may bz
the object of it is something which must be left to
speculation and guessing matches.
The Board of Public Works has begun its admin
istration with the very commendable purpose of
keeping the City Hall clean. It certainly would not
be unwise to commence the cleansing process in the
Mayor's office.
THE ENIGMA OF THE POLICE COM
MISSION.
XHE Police Commissioners of this city are oc
cupying to-day a position which it is extremely
difficult to understand. They have been chosen
to posts of duty which, in their importance, have no
I parallel in our local government. The Commissionr
j ers have been selected to be the guardians of our
j moral health. It is they who are to protect us from
j the criminal and debasing elements which enter in
j evitably into metropolitan life. They are commis
| sioned, within their legitimate powers, to organize a
; Police' Department that shall be aggressive, vigorous,
j efficient in its control of the forces that militate
I against municipal purity.
In that organization the Police Commissioners find
themselves called upon to appoint a Chief of Police,
in whose hands must be placed the vital duty of
operating the great forces of the department. The
Commissioners know that the Chief of Police must be
a man of experience, education, resources and special
adaptability to the work demanded by police super
vision. That he must be a man of unsullied reputa
tion and unimpeached integrity is his least qualifier
tion, although an absolutely essential one. He must
not only be that, but something more. He must be
able to govern men, possess executive ability of
marked degree, be able to act intelligently and with
dignity as the representative of this city in its com
plicated relations with the other cities of the world.
The Police Commissioners as intelligent men un
derstand all this. As honest men, who wish to ful T
fill their obligations to society and to preserve the
dignity to which they are entitled, they certainly
know that their choice must be a man whose known
integrity, acknowledged ability and special qualifica
tion will inspire the people of the city with confi
dence and respect. And what are the Police Com
missioners doing in their efforts to choose a Chief
of Police? Are they seeking in the roll of honest,
able men, eligible for the high honor and tremendous
responsibility of the position? Are they doing for
the people of San Frarfcisco what they would un
questionably do for themselves if their private, per
sonal interests were at stake? Are they acting hon
estly to themselves or to the people of this city by
faithfully administering the trust which they have ac
cepted?
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900.
facturers may learn not only where to find a market
for the goods they produce, but also what kind of
goods to manufacture for any market they may de
sire to supply.
The .issue has been under consideration for some
time. The conference called by President Wheeler
affords an occasion to bring the discussion to the
point of action. It is to be hoped some plan for un
dertaking the enterprise will be devised and that we
may see the establishment of the commercial museum
made one of the features of our development during
the year.
SATURDAY JANUARY 20, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communiczticns to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
riULICATIO.\ OFFICE.. Market and Third. 8. F.
Telephone Mala ISGS.
EDITORIAL. n00M5....217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered for Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Weelc.
Slnsrle Copies. S Cents.
Terms •»> Alail. Inclmlini; Postasjet
DAILY CALL. (iiK-lniUntr Sunday!, one yenr..*o.oo
DAILY CALL. OnrliidlnK Monday). O months. . 3.00
DAILY CALL (including; Sunday). 3 months.. 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 050
StXDAY CALL One Year IJSO
WCLCKLY CALL One Year '. . 1.00
Ail postmasters are aathorlred to receive
snbscrlptlons.
Kample copies v» 111 be forwarded iihcn reqaeited
OAKLAND OFFICE DOS Broadway
C. GCOnGE KROG.\ESS,
llßßistr Foreign AdvrrtMne. Jlarquette Bnlld
inK. ChlcaßO.
KTEW YORK COIIUESPOMJEXTi
C. C CA it LTO.\ Herald Sanare
SEW YORK REPHESEVTATIVEt
PERRY LIKE.NS JR 29 Tribune llnlldlnc
CHICAGO .\E\VS STAXDS «
Sherman Honset P. O. >«•«« Co.s Great North
ern Hotel; Fremont Uonsei Auditorium Hotel.
SEW YORK NEWS STAIVDSi
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Cnlon
Sanare; Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHIAGTO* (T». C.) OFFICE. .Wellington Hotel
J. P. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRAXCIX OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of
Clay, open until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes,
open nntll 9t30 o'clock. G3t» McAllister, open
until «;3O o'clock. UIS Lurkfn. open nntll
Oi3O o'clock. 1941 Mlsulon, open nntll 1O i
o'clock. -•-:<. j Market, corner Sixteenth, open
nntll 9 o'clock. HUM) Valencia, open nntll 9 ;
o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open nntll O o'clock.
NW. corner Tiventy-second and Kentucky,
open nnttl 9 o'clock.
IN NEXT....
A CHURCH I
A CALIFORNIA WHERE PEOPLE VISITORS'
LOGGING ARE DAY
CAMP MARRIED AT
IN WINTER. AT SAN QUENTIN.
— I WHOLESALE. |
HOW TO LIVE HAPPY DURING YOUR
WIFE'S ABSENCE FROM HOME.
By FOY McCARDELL,
ROWING I 1 THE BOOKS
footraii THE SUICIDE. OF
FOOTBALL. A FullPagc Dmw the week
ByPROr.BENJ.IDB ing by By
DR^R^OOI? bA> CAHILL KRORHB LATHPOP
' ¦' Stanford University.
THE STORY OF JOU SING, THE CHINESE MAIDEN, FOR
THE POSSESSION OF
WHOM THE LAST HIGHBINDER WAR WAS STARTED
6
A DAILY HINT FROM PARIS.i: Palace and I
:: Grand Hotels ;
' ' For nearly a quarter of a century tho ' '
« • leading hotels on the Pacific Coast. ' '
¦ > With added lmiffovements and con- < >
< > venlences they continue to be the head- < <
4 quarters for tourists and travelers vis- < >
Hint Ban Francisco. ?
? JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. X
f Manager. 4
-4 1.1. JVorroti* IHceaae*— Filling Mem-
ory. SleeplewneM, «tc. cansed by pvne-
work ana Indiscretions. They qvicki*
anu. tmrrly raptors Lost Vitality In old
or roang. and tit a man fcr studr. bnsi-
B0«a or pleasure. PraTent.'Tnuuutjr an-i
Oonnamption if taken* in tima. Their
DMBiiowKimmadlata improvement and effect* CUHB
•rbera all others fail. Insist upon having the tenuina
Ajax Tablets. They have cared thoa&aads and will
rare joa. We giro a positive written goaruntee to ef-
fort a core in each case or refund tho moneT. Pried
Wll bldt mentl for $2.60 br mail, in plain wrapper,
upon recilpt of price. Circular* free.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 78 c 8 c £»3, st -
For tale In 8. P. by L<elpnU* ft Co.. No Per-
centage Drue Co.. Owl Drug Co.. 8. F., Oalcl'd.
AirP nnifll Co" 1 " 1 fourth and
PALL UIIVAI M «ket. 8. F, Try
I ll r r Kill Ul cur SP'cia' Brew
unlL iIUIHL F - twun and La * er -
VIII !¦ IIWIIIUtp, Overccata and
Valises checked fraa.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
Wboleeale Dealer and Shipper of Coka.
OFFICE. SXJ FOLSOM ST.
Teamsters' Officers Installed.
The Teamsters' Union has elected and
Installed the following officers : President,
T. Hoouan; vice president R. Dutton;
treasurer, J. Fre"nch; financial secretary,
D. Fltzpatrlck; recording secretary. W.
Dooly.
Cloakmakers Have Trouble.
A lock-out with big threats of a strike
between union and non-union cloakmak
ers was the subject discussed at the meet-
Ins of the Labor Council last evening; and
the matter was referred to the executive
committee for adjustment. Labor Com
missioner F. V. Meyer sent a reply to
the letter of Secretary Rosenberg with re
gard to the seating of ladies employed In
stores. He regretted that the funds at
his disposal do not permit him to police
the entire State In the interest of female
help In stores, but he said he was glad
to have the assistance of the Labor Coun
cil, and he would co-operate In anything
to better the present situation of working
women.
CHUTESJIND ZOO.
TO-DAY CHILDREN'S DAY!
CONCESSIONS 7EEE BEFOKX 2:20 P. X.
SPECIAL-^TO-NIGHT!
THE BEST ROUNDS
OF THE
Sharkey-Jef fries Fight,
Secretly Token by Cdison at
the Coney Kland Ringside.
BALLOON ASCENSION SUNDAY.
Rhone for Scats— Park 23.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL
22J EUTTEI^ STREET.
3-SONG RECITALS— 3
Ky the Illustrious Soprano,
MLLE. ANTOINETTE
TREBELLI
MONDAY EVENING NEXT January 22
THURSDAY EVENING January 25
EATLIiUAY MATINEE January 27
PRICES, SI Hi and tL
BEATS NOW ON PALE AT SHERMAN.
<"LAY &. CO.'S MUSIC STORE.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
THIRD MEETING. Jan. I-M. ISOO, Inclusive.
Eix t ri.-dats running races every week day,
ram or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trorw *tcp directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb rrand »tand. glass-enclosed, where
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
enjry an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
»:OG, 1046 and 11:30 a. m.. and 12:1S, 12:25, 12:iu
and IdS p. :.¦: . returning immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Kear cars reserved for
women and their escorts. No smoking. Valen-
cia rtreot 10 minutes later.
San J-k- and way stations. Arrive at San
Cnno at 12:4b p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
Rates: San Francisco to Taßforan and re-
turn, including admiEelon to track. *1 2t.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
». H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
Suffragists to Meet To-Night.
An adjourned meeting of the new suf
frage club will be held at the residence
of Mrs. Clara Foltz, 771 Haight street,
to-night at 8 o'clock sharp, to choose a
name and adopt a constitution and by
laws. AH suffragists are cordially In
vited.
In the Divorce Court.
Gertrude 1... Gear has been granted a
divorce from George D. Gear on the
ground of desertion. Suits for divorce
have been filed by Tlllie A. Schwartz
against Frederick J. Schwartz for fail
ure to provide; Annie C. Pastel against
Fred A. T. Pastel for cruelty, and Jennie
Conn against Marian Conn for desertion.
WHEELEB LECTURES.
University President Addresses a
Large Gathering in Temple
Emanu-El.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler lec
tured last night before a large and fash
ionable gathering in Temple Emanu-El on
Sutter street, the theme of his discourse
being "The Book of Amos." President
Wheeler prefaced his address by the
statement that the great majority of read
ers of the present time, especially read
ers of religious literature, misinterpreted
what they read. This was because they
read without at the same time making
a study of the history of the periods
treated by the writers.
The book of Amos, he said, contained
many passages of rare beauty and was
acknowledged by scholars to be a voluma
of excellent literary finish. Amos, he said,
preached at the time when Greec« waj»
dotting the shores of the Mediterranean
with her colonies and long before tha
foundation of Constantinople. He was a
poor herdman and made no pretense of
being a prophet, believing simply that he
had been commissioned by God to deliver
a message to the people. Israel at that
time was at the height of Its prosperity
and the nobles dwelt in luxury and ease,
yet Amos appeared before them and fear
lessly preached the doctrine of equality of
man. In which he thoroughly believed. Hu
was the first of the preachers to como
from the people, coming a generation be
fore Hosea. Isaiah and Mlcah. and re
garded by many as the most eloquent and
forceful of them all.
PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.
James A. Maguire, Popular Club
Man, and Others Ask for Belief
From Debt.
James A. Majculre, manufacturers
agent and contractor for builders* suppli<?3
at 206 Kearny street, filed a petition In
bankruptcy yesterday In the I T nited States
court The petition shows ninety-five cred
ltors and liabilities amounting to J23.455 02.
His assets are JM37.
Mr Ma&uire was formerly a member
of the BurllnKame and Olympic clubs ani
held a high position in the bachelor social
life of this city. About six months asro he
married. Among the friends who assisted
him In his time of financial stringency 13
Fletcher F. Ryer, who holds unsecured
notes of Magulre In the sum of ?10.555.
Others who advanced money to Maaruire
from time to time are G. Smith. $1457 SO,
and George D. Edward. $1623.
William J. Field, contractor and car-
Denter of this city.. also filed a petition el
Insolvency. His liabilities are $3tf72 95. with
no assets.
William A. Kemp. ex-School Director
and plaster decorator at 19 Turk stroet,
flle*d a petition In which he states liabili
ties at $7450 SO and $1500 assets. His debts
are on promissory notes and supplies re
ceived from trades people.
«EBSBBBBHBBBBDSgBBE3BB
| Free Tickets !
I B TO THB q
| Orpheum! §
B
BUT TOtJR B
I Lenox and ]
! Ivory Soap i
i H HAVE TOUR WRAPPERS AND B
¦ GET FREE TICKETS TO THB B
B ORPHEUM. H
I The Johnson-Locke I
| Mercantile Co., 1
13 204 FRONT BTREET, |
H BAN FRANCISCO. D
M Will Exchange for Lenox and Ivory n
rj Boap Wrapper* "JJ
g FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM S
H UNDER THE F"LT.OWIn6 CON- B
W DITIONS: B
t3 If Toa Want a 250 Reserved Peat fl
B Send 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP M
H Or IX Wrappers of IVORY SOAP S
gOr el«e aend IS Wrappers of LENOX S
BOAP and < Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ™
If You Want a 60c Reserved Seat S3
! H Bend 60 Wrappers of LENOX BOAP SB
i n Or 24 Wrappers cf IVORY BOAP ci
S Or rise rail ZS Wrappers of LENOX 5J
H BOAP and 1! Wrappers of rvORT SOAP ™
j 8888888888888888888888
CHAMPIONS FROM
ST, LOUIS WERE
POSSIBLY ANGRY
Did Not Visit Chico
Convention.
ROOMS ENGAGED FOR FOUR
NO ONE APPEARED TO OCCUPY
THE QUAR.TERS.
In the Party Were Van Landingham,
Commissioner of the St. Louis
Traffic Bureau, and Other
Men of Prominence.
?
When the representatives of the Paclric
Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation went to Chlco to explain to the
members of the Pacific Retail Hardware
Dealers' Association the merits of the
contention made by the Jobbers and man
ufacturers of the coast in the suit insti
tuted by the Middle West jobbers before
the Interstate Commerce Commission, It
was with the expectation that they would
mppt a St. Louis delegation at Chlco
which was prepared to attempt to per
suade the retailers that the retailers
would find the Middle ' West people better
friends than the jobbers of the coast.
There was no doubt that the St. Ixjuis
delegation of four members Intended to
be at the Chlco conference. Rooms had
been engaged for four at the Chlco Hotel
by Mr. Flynn, a commercial traveler rep
resenting the Simmons Hardware Com
pany of St. Louis. The Middle West
party consisted of men very prominent
in business and traffic affairs, and tne
idea was to make a strong showing for
the Middle West. To the surprise of the
California representatives of the coast
jobbers and manufacturers, the St. Louis
people did not appear. There was no In
terruption to the proceedings on that ac
count. On Thursday afternoon the entire
matter of the differentials and the exist
ing rate situation was discussed. The re
sult was the unanimous adoption of reso
lutions in favor of upholding the Jobbers
and manufacturers of the coast in the at
titude they have taken in regard to differ
entials.
Where the "St. Louis delegation was is
still a puzzle. The party consisted of A.
J. Van Landingham, the commissioner of
the St. Louis Traffic Bureau; P. N. John
son, traffic manager of the Simmons
Hardware Company, ai\d O. S. Norvell
and Mr. Flynn of the same concern. The
last named stopped at Marysville and the
others are said to have passed through
Chico without stopping and to have gone
on as far as Redding. The reason as
signed for their non-appearance was that
they were not Invited to be "present, al
though they had expected to get an mvi
tation.
The California delegation was ready to
argue the matter with them on all points.
One of the delegation confessed to disap
pointment that they did not come. The
resolutions that were adopted showed
that the retailers understood the situation
perfectly and saw that they had common
interest with the Jobbers and manufac
turers of the coast.
The coast delegation present was
stronger than was reported. President
Waketleld Baker headed the list. The
others were: Traffic Manager Loveland,
W. It. Wheeler. -A-. C. Rulofson. A. L..
Scott. Brace Hayden. L». N. Curtiss, A. A.
Watklns. Mr. Sibley of the John Deere
Implement Company. Mr. Lindsay of the
Oliver Plow Company and Thomas P.
Smith from this city; also from Sacra
mento—Messrs. Shaw and Batcher, part
ners in the concern of Shaw & Batcher;
T R. Enright of Holbrook, Merrill At
Stetson, Mr. Sage of Baker & Hamilton,
Mr. Llghtner of Waterhouse & Lester,
Mr. Linn of W. P. Fuller & Co. and Mr.
Martin of Stanton & Co. There were also
present about all the commercial travel
ers representing the houses named who
travel In the Sacramento Valley. The
delegates to the retailers' convention fully
represented the retail hardware trade of
the Interior and also the mountain towns
north of Tehachapl.
President Baker said on his return thit
the attitude of the convention showed
clearly that the contention of the Jobbers
and manufacturers conld not be far
wrong. Mr. Loveland expressed satisfac
tion with the outcome of the delibera
tions. Mr. Wheeler said that the effect
would be good, for the retailers had all
phases of the matter under consideration
presented to them, and so decided with
full understanding. The efforts of the
Middle West Jobbers to incite disagree
ment on the coast had apparently failed.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE PLACE AND VALUE OF WOMEN'S WORK.
Copyright* 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
¦ HOME. SCIENCE AND HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Contributors to this course: Mrs. Helen Campbell. Mrs. Margaret E. Sansster. Mrs
Kate Gannett Wells, Mrs. l»u!se E. Hoyan. Mlsn Anne Barrows. Mrs. Mary Robert.'
Smith, Miss Emily Q. Balch, Miss Lucy Wheelock and others.^
XV. WOMEN WORKERS IN THE t
HOME. I
As a factor In social economy woman s 1
work has long now had definite place and r
value. In_thls enlightened age, and es- c
peclally In this favored land, society has '
reached the point where it willingly ac-
cepts and applauds woman for what, at t
any time, she may show herse-lf capable <
of being and doing that Is noble and com- t
manding. \
Much of the normal work of the home
has been taken out of the home by mod
ern scientific Improvements, so that
women of to-day have less to do in that
realm than in our grandmothers' day.
Moreover, though, naturally.* woman is
the homemaker. the homekeeper, and
man the- home-supporter, the home-pro
tector, often to-day a woman must as
sume part of a man's work of protection.
This is a misfortune, not an opportunity.
An effective avenue for homeworkers
has been opened through the women's
exchanges, which are now found in nearly
all our large cities, and virtually all grow
ing out of philanthropic motives. These
exchanges have already had an appreci
able effect on economic 'conditions, and
must in the future play a still more im
portant part. They have a double end in
view, to direct into remunerative chan
nels the work of women suddenly reduced
to penury, with the secondary aim of en
couraging the principle of self-help in the
minds of girls and women who in the
future will be helpful and not helpless
when misfortune comes.
In carrying out its objects the exchange
receives, under specified conditions,
articles of the three general classes of
domestic work, needlework and art work.
Under the domestic department are in
cluded all kinds of food prepared at home
by the consignors and sold through the
exchange— articles of many varieties,
every form of bread, pastry, cake, cook
ies, cold meats, salads, soups, desserts,
preserves. Jellies. Jams, pickles, sauces
and delicacies for the sick. In the de
partment of needlework nearly 100 differ
ent articles are enumerated by different
exchanges, and the number is practically |
without limit, since It Includes every form
of plain and fancy sewing. The art de
partment is for the specific encourage
ment of decorative art, and Its possibill- 1
ties as well as actual achievements are j
great. These three departments are found
In all the exchanges, but each adds its
own especial line of work, according to the
locality and the consequent needs of the
community. A few receive scientific end
literary work, others arrange for cleaning
and mending lace, recovering furniture,
writing and copying, the preparation of |
lunches for travelers and picnic parties. |
while a few take orders for shopping. The |
exchanges have pointed out to women a
means of support that can be carried on
within their own homes, and which at the
same time is perfectly compatible with
other work necessarily performed there.
These women are learning that society is
coming more to respect the woman who
supports herself by making good bread,
cakes and preserves than the woman who
teaches school indifferently, gives poor
elocutionary performances or becomes a
mere mechanical contrivance In a shop or
factory. They are finding that the stamp
of approval is ultimately set on the way
work is done rather than on the occupa
tion itself. Thus it is that hundreds of
women from Maine to Texas and Califor
nia are obtaining for themselves and oth
ers partial or entire support.
Not only are such articles— as bread,
preserved fruit, salads, desserts and an In
numerable number of special domestic
compounds. In addition to the products of
the needle and decorative art work— found
In the large cities, but in country villages
many women are engaged In such work
and often find a ready sale In the home
market. In one village of only 500 inhabi
tants one young woman makes and sells
daily thirty loaves of bread. One woman
in another country town earns a good liv
ing by sending chicken salad to be sold In
New York City. Another has cleared $400
each season by making preserves and Jel
lies on private orders. A fourth has built
up a large business, employing four or
five assistants. In making cake. These in
stances, which might be multiplied, are
taken from the class of domestic work
alone. As many more might be cited from
the departments of needlework and deco
rative art work. Surely It Is better for the
Individual and better for society that
women should turn to useful account
their various talents rather than attempt
to enter the overcrowded occupations and
do work for which they have neither tal
ent nor inclination.
No discussion of women borne-workers
Is complete without an inclusion of the
household servant question. Seventy-five
years ago a woman who was obliged to
earn her own living went naturally into
domestic service, hardly asking herself
whether there was any other avallabln
employment. The same woman to-day
might choose from a hundred vocations.
Domestic service pays better than most
other employments In which women are
engaged, yet wherever the workshop
comes Into competition with domestic ser
vice the kitchen is deserted. What supe
rior attractions has the workshop to of
fer? First, regular hours. However weari
some the day. the factory employee looks
forward to an pvpning all her own. Tho
law prohibits Sunday labor in factory and
workshop, but this law does not reach the
kitchen. A second potent attraction to the
workshop is companionship. Woman mor«
than man Is a social being. The factory
operative or shopgirl, moreover, lives at
home or among her friends. The house
servant may be better housed and better
fed but she Is not free. Here lies the se
cret of the universal prejudice against
domestic service. In the competition be
tween workshop and kitchen the work
shop will surely triumph un.ess the house
keeper can offer girls tbe same or equiv
alent inducements.
There Is a graver side to the study of
women workers In the home than has
yet been touched upon. An English wrl-
:er calls the home workers "the worst
jaid of our women." That is In some re
spects true of our women. What i»
tnown as the "sweating system" is maln
y carried on in the so-called unprotect
'd trades— that is. trades wherein no law
•nforc»js proper sanitary arrangements or
limits the hours .of labor. Under thii
"leading come drt-ssmakir.g and tailoring,
york on musiln underwear, upholstering,
jmbrella making, fur .sewing and many
nher isolated industries. 'Inese trades!
»re carried on either entirely at home or
partly at home and partly In small fac
tories. The more the horrors of tha
sweating system are ventilated the mora
jrgent seems some remedy. The charges
usually made against those who labor
under the sweating system are lack of
cleanliness in house and person. Intem
perance, thrlftlpssness and immorality.
It would be very strange If thes«j charges
were not true In the main. Some prac
tical remedy Is needed, and until tha
physical cravings of these half-starved,
people are satisfied there can be no real
hope of effecting any vital Improvement
In their morals. What these workers
need Is better food and plenty of it, regu
lar wages, shorter hours of labor, mora
amusements and recreations— in short,
more humane treatment.
Wherever the rewards of Industry are
greatest competition is fiercest. In larga
cities no woman's place or stipend is safa
ar fixed, each individual being "but an
other atom flattened by livelier proto
plasm." New York City is such a center.
In the vicinities of Pennsylvania and
Ohio wages for work on clothing and un
derwear come perilously near starvation,
point. In Quaker villages and Bohemian
and Polish colonies partly maintained
homeworkers make a dozen garments for
the price due needy seamstresses for one.
Men's shirts at 4 r J and 37 cents a dozen,
men's drawers at 27 cents a dozen,
thread, machine rent and expressage de
ducted, these rates ofttimes become tha
highest wages that can be obtained by
self-supporting labor excluded from fac
tories because of invalid or infant de
pend£«rts. At the South, new occupa
tions, any occupations. Indeed, for wo
men are a boon. Nowhere else in the
world do so many well-bred women,
bankrupt and bereft of male providers,
labor at manual callings as at the South,
pursuing without loss of caste vocation*
which elsewhere involve social ostracism.
The home labor supply being unlimited,
cotton, coal and iron being cheap, and the
cost of living being lessened by a mild
climate, industries grow apace. In Chi
cago and the Northwest natives with
difficulty hold the best places against tha
higher class Immigrants who are tha
backbone of the Northwest's wonderful
development. While wages are better
than In the East, living is dearer. Num
bers of virtuous bread-winners, however,
contribute regularly to the family sup
port, work under just and liberal employ
ment, while living in good homes. But
the same class that suffers In the East
suffers more in the Western cities from
the sharper, unworn wheels of the new
industrial Juggernaut. Chicago has mu
nicipal regulations enforced by Inspectors,
of both sexes. Yet here, as in New York,
are to be found conditions characteristic
of life in all large cities— tenement and,
sweatshop abominations, high rent 3 and
importunate rivalry-
Still another side of our subject must b«s
touched upon — namely, that of the pin
money workers. Everywhere manufactur
ers and merchants advertise for woion
workers who "live at home, to learn tha
business"— a device, as students of econ
omics claim, to fill the firm's coffers by
inveigling artisans and small shopkeep
ers Into giving their daughters board that
the daughters may engage for wages
which will barely clothe, them. An Inves
tigation made in Massachusetts recentl/
of seamstresses working in their own
homes on cotton underwear shows that,
under the present State law requiring a
license for such workers, which is given
only to those whose homes are clean, tha
amount of work so distributed has been
greatly reduced. The wages, however, re
main pitifully small, and the pin-mon ¦¦¦•y
worker aids in lowering wages by her
willingness to accept a pittance. Many
cases are found where women working at
home are paying the rent as their sharo
of work. As a general rule it is very tiii
ficult for a woman to support herself en
tirely by home work.
It Is a wide subject— that of women
workers in the home. Like many another
problem confronting us in the closing
days of this century, the surest means t»
the best ends have not yet been reach<=-<!.
Here, there and everywhere wonnn
obliged to work at homp because of in
valid or children dependents are seeking
and not finding sufficient employment.
Women's exchanges are giving substan
tial aid; labor unions, college settlements
and consumers' leagues are studying t.->
meet the needs of workers; both men and
women training schools for servants ar«
bringing household service into better re
pute; Legislatures are Investigating tha
evils of the sweating system and the mis
eries of the "submerged tenth." But
much remains* to be done. Trade and
housekeeping schools should be estab
lished to make dependent women self-sup
porting, while, a step further back, man
ual training should be introduced In pub
lic schools to develop faculty and create
power. Domfstic service should be dig
nified and made more attractive by abro
gating the false distinction between sales
women and cooks or maids by raismrr
cooking and housrhoM work Into a tra<le
or profession. Again the wnmrn of leisuf*
should Intprest themselves to know tho
real condition of the tollers of their sex,
and should use their social position to
Influence public sentiment In behalf of re
forms or to shape remedial legislation. It
Is through such measures, by such Influ
ence, that
"Slow and sure comes up the golden
year."
Wellealey College.
Stolen Films of a Big Fight.
The moving pictures of the Sharkey-
Jeffries fight taken secretly by a number
of Edison's operators at the Coney Island
ringside, will be shown for the first time
at the Chutes to-ntght, after the regular
performance. They are said to give a
realistic idea of how the battle between
tho two big men was fought.
Civil War Veterans.
At a meeting of th? Veterans' Civil War
Association last night, over which Martin
Murray presided, a resolution was adopt
ed requesting President McKinley to 133110
an order to heads of department* to
promptly reinstate veterans who. wltHout
cause, have been discharged from their
positions. The> secretary was Instructed
to send a copy of the resolution to the
President. This action was taken b«-~auss
the association had received Information
of many removals of veterans without
cause.
Red Men's Masquerade
The Independent Order of Red Men, will
give its annual masquerade ball in San
Francisco Turn Hall, on Turk street, this
evening. The committee of arrangements
will introduce a number of brilliant Illu
minations during the grand march and
while the maskers are on the floor.
San Francisco Merchants
Declare they get the finest Innchen at Zin
kand's. The food and service are unequaled. •
Public Work Petitions.
A petition was received yesterday by
the Board of Public Works from the
North End Improvement Club asking that
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany be compelled to take down its wires
"COMMIS VOYAGEURS" TO
MASQUERADE TO-NIGHT
The committee having In charge the
masquerade ball to be given this evening
In Mechanics' Pavilion by the "Commls
Voyageurs" reported last night that
everything was In readiness for the big
event. An excellent band has been en
gaged to discourse music throughout the
evening and early hours; the floor of the
Immense structure has been properly
waxed for dancing; every decorajtlon is In
Its place and every attendant has been in
structed as to his or her duties.
A feature of the ball will be the ballet.
One hundred shapely young women nave
been engaged for this Important feature
and the entire corps has been drilled by a
master. The commercial travelers will
be out In force and style. Nearly 100,
dressed in evening attire, will act as a re
ception committee. Judging by the num
ber of $5 tickets disposed of there is every
likelihood of a large attendance. The
floor committee has been Instructed not to
allow any one on the floor who is not
properly costumed. Handsome prizes have
been offered for beautiful and original
costumes.
Civil Service and Women.
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
received tho advance copies of the little
pamphlet containing a synopsis of the
charter provisions governing the appoint
ment, promotion and removalln the pub
lic service of this city and county. Ten
thousand copies" of the pamphlet have
been ordered and will soon be ready for
distribution. An important provision in
regard to sex reads as follows:
"Sex shall be disregarded except when
some statute, the rules of the Commis
sioners or the appointing power specifies
sex."
This provision Is of Interest to a number
of women who have signified their lnten-.
tlon of taking the examinations.
FORESTS MUST BE SAVED.
President Jordan Lectures Before the
Camera Club.
Before an audience that packed every
Inch of floor and gallery last night in
Metropolitan Temple, Professor D. S.
Jordan made an impassioned and practi
cal plea for the preservation of the for
psts of the Sierras. The lecture, under
the auspices of the California Camera
Club, was largely a comparison between
the Alps of' Switzerland and the Cali
fornia Sierras, and during his remarks
the speaker said:
"It Is more the duty of the State to
preserve her forests than to foster com
merce. The forests, once gone, can never
be replaced; commerce wilt come natur
ally. It should be the duty of the State
to hold forever the Great Basin forest
and the Calaveras Grove, which are per
haps the two noblest forests in the
world."
During an Intermission Professor Jor
dan was Informed that a lumber firm
had Just concluded the purchase of the
Calaveras Grove giants and he an
nounced it aa the worst piece of news
he had heard in years.
SWITZERLAND WILL
RECEIVE OUR FRUITS
All Restrictions Hitherto Imposed on
the Dried Product Have Been
i Removed.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1900, by James Gordon
Bennett.
BERNE, Jan. 19.— The Swiss Govern
ment has withdrawn all restrictions hith
erto imposed on the importation of Amer
ican dried fruits.
WILL USE STONE.
Senate Authorizes Change at the
Mare Island Dock.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— The Senate
to-day passed the bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to change the ma
terial to be used in the construction of
the drydocks at the navy yard at League
Island and Mare Island, CaL, from tim
ber to concrete and stone.
HIGH SCHOOLS
GIRLS DANCED
Members of the Delta lota Chi Have
a Delightful Time at the
Palace.
Pretty young girls attired In handsome
gowns and stalwart young college men
tripped the light fantastic in the maple
room of the Palace Hotel last evening.
The function was the annual cotillon of
the Delta lota Chi, a well-known frater
nity, composed of young ladies who grad
uated and are now attending the local
high school. Invitations were Issued to
250 society people, and nearly half that
number attended. The ballroom present
ed a brilliant spectacle with its myriad
lights and varl-colored gowns amid the
wide expanse of shirt bosoms and somber
dress suits of the sterner sex. Palms and
cut flowers were used in profusion to artl
charm to the seen*. L<ight refreshments
wore served throughout the evening.
There was not a lull in the dancing and
many pretty figures were gone through.
Many of the fair members of the ex
clusive organization came from Los An
geles, San Diego. Fresno. San Jose and
other distant points to attend the annual
dance of their fraternity. The patron
esses were Mrs. J. Joseph Spifiker. Mrs.
Emlle Quarre, Mrs. Frank W. Marvin,
Mrs. Alfred C. Rulofson, Mrs. Milton A.
Wheaton and Mrs. William L.. Pierce.
MATINEE TO-DAT (PATT'RDAT), JAN. 2ft.
Parquet, 15c, any neat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, lAc, &£y part.
A HUGE BILL!
EVERT ACT A HOWLING SUCCESS.
AETUUR NELSTONE and MINNIE ABBET.
HANSON and NELSON.
MLLE. EMMT and Her Marvelous Foxterriers.
HODGES and LAUN^HMERE.
Tfce Best Coon Act In the Country.
FRANK COFFIN, the Local Tenor.
ELINORE SISTERS. FRANK LATONA,
CHAS. A. GARDNER, JOHN AND NELLIE
MACARTHT.
SALARIES OF FIREMEN
INVOLVED IN DOUBT
MORE EMPLOYED THIS MONTH
THAN CHARTER ALLOWS.
Mayor, Auditor and Fire Commis
sioners Will Hold a Conference
to Settle the Difficulty.
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department
waited yesterday on Auditor Wells In re
gard to paying the demands of firemen
for the month of January. It appears
that the department Is now employing 160
men more than the charter allows, and
about $1200 in Ealarles is involved in the
matter, the payment of which will be ex
tremely doubtful unless some means can
be found to remedy the difficulty.
Upon Chief Sullivan asking the Auditor
whether the demands of the firemen for
this month would be audited Mr. Wells
replied that only the number provided by
the charter, which is 180 less than the
number heretofore employed, could be
passed. Chief Sullivan stated that it had
been found Impracticable to reduce the
force of firemen at such short notice, as
it would tend to demoralize the organiza
tion and cripple the efficiency of the Eire
Department.
Auditor Wells was convinced of the
force of the Chief's remarks and thought
that the matter might be arranged on the
ground of expediency. He suggested that
a conference be held between the Mayor,
Fire Commissioners and himself and a
satisfactory settlement might be arrived
at. The Auditor stated that if he were
backpd by the Mayor and the commis
sion he would pass the demands of all the
firemen now employed for this month
only.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE "SECUmTYT
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /&u~?^^
Very uuil am* mm easy
to take mm raster.
SEE If*4DTCD>l FOR H *ADACHL CCD
* LC CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. * tC
rcvrivi: IPITTLE for biliouskess. rr ™ imJD
GENUINE iIVFR FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
1p 1 ILS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER tSUja " ro« sallow skim. wpAPPFR
"T^IISTTEID ON K,E3D PAPER.*
AMUSEMENTS.
TOUR LAST CHAN^n- THIS AFTERNOON
'AT»'D TO-NIGHT. AutuFtin EteJy's
Charming Play,
THE COUNT. SS GUCKI.
TEE TRAWXETS 1 VERT EEST PERFORMANCE.
To-morrow Nlcnt, First Time In Pan Francisco
of the Exrruclatlnsly Funny Farce-
ComeiJy From the French,
"lIN PARADISE. 11
NOTE— "IN PARADISE" will not be pre-
**>ritM on Monday Night. Th» r's-J" W 'H wn-
t'.r.ue. ommMiclnjt with TueMay Nleht. up to
and lr'-ludins the following Saturday Night.
SPECUL-rarevcU Coresrt ef the Peerless Dirt,
.TO/VIE. &.JV\f*\*\ IVEVArtDM.
And As&tfcting Artists.
ON MONDAY MIGHT NEXT.
Popular Prices fnr n^FfrvPd £v>at* — Orches-
tra. Jl W. ?»; BaJrony. $l; Gaii«»ry. f<Oc.
MATINEE TO-PAT.
Ever}' Night. Including Sunday.
LOUIS JAMES,
KATIiRYN KIDDER,
CHARLES B. HANFORD
Ar.d a Company cf ST People In the Mapnlflcent
Success,
THE WINTER'S TALE.
Beg. MONDAY. 2d Week of the
JAMES-KIBDER-HANFORD COMBINATION.
Monday. "The School for Srand&l"; m»xt four
r.'.phts. "The Wlmer'g Tale"; Saturday Matl-
tie«. "Hamlet"; Saturday Evening, "Mac-
beth"; Sunday, "Othello."
AMUSEMENTS.
iTHE PEOPLE'S POPULAR PLAT HOUSE.)
PHONE SOUTH T7O.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
SATTTRDAT NIGHT LAST PERFORMANCE.
-THE r*/\YS' Howling Success.
A HOT OLD TIME !
OUR PATRONS OF LAST NIGHT ARE STILL
CHUCKLING WITH JOY.
POPULAR PRICES.
Evening. 15c, 25c. Sse. 60c and 75c Matinee, l&c,
25c. 550 and 60c.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON THE
TVER POPULAR
AT — GAY — CONEY — ISLAND.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE,
"HOOT MON, IT'S A BRAW LAUGH!"
MATINEE TO-DAY at 2 Sharp.
EVERY EVENING AT S O'CLOCK!!
The Superb Comic Opera Success,
THE IDOL'S EYE.
Beats Now Selling for Next Week!!
POPULAR PRICES— 2S and BO Cent*.
Telephone Bush 1.
HEALTH BOARD ACTS.
Overlooks Patronage, and Settles
Down to Business.
The subject of patronage did not enter
Into the deliberations of the Health Board
at its regular meeting .last night, and as
a consequence a number oi citizens who
are anxious to serve the municipality In
Improving its sanitary conditions were
visibly disappointed; Much to the disgust
of the office seekers the board settled
down to the consideration of several mat
ters directly affecting the health Interests
of the city.
A communication was read from the
United States quartermaster's department
regarding the shipment of bodies of dead
soldiers from Manila. A transport which
will arrive on January 25 has on board
350 bodies and some of the soldiers died
from contagious or infectious diseases.
On motion of Dr. McCari-.y the health
officer was authorized to confer with the
chief surgeon of the Department of Cali
fornia for the purpose of taking such
means as win be necessary to avoid any
possible spread of contagion. It was the
sense of the board that unless the bodies
had been buried for at least one year
they would be refused landing. •
Dr. I. Katsuki, who is -about to leave
for the Hawaiian Islands, was appointed
special correspondent of the board. The
position Is an honorary one and Dr. Kat
suki will keep the board informed as to
the health conditions of the islands.
On the report of Assistant Sanitary In
spector Fitzgibbon that the building at
122 Grove street was in a frightfully un
sanitary condition and absolutely danger
ous to life the building was ordered con
demned forthwith and will be destroyed
after due notice has been given to the
owners and tenants.
The chief sanitary inspector was in
structed to Investigate the rookeries at
M street and Fourth avenue, which are
occupied by Chinese and are in an un
sanitary condition.
Health Officer O'Brien was directed to
Investigate the report of Charles Alpers
regarding condemned food ordered sent
to the fertilizing works and also his rec
ommendation that a market inspector be
stationed at Second street wharf to in
spect meats as they are brought Into the
city on the railroad.
Martin Regensburger, secretary of the
Training School for Nurses. Informed the
board that the course had been increased
from two to three years in order to in
crease the efficiency of the graduates.
in the downtown section known as "Un
derground District No. 1." as the time
limit for so doing will soon expire. The
board decided to investigate the matter.
The residents of Bush street petitioned
that the cum of $40,000 be expended in re-
S airing that thoroughfare. Commissioner
lanson was delegated to investigate and
report to the board.
The board decided that after February
2 its meetings will be held on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Fridays at 10 a. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900.
TRADE OF SAN FRANCISCO AND COAST
MAKER OF CANS
REPORTED TO BE
UNDER OPTIONS
Sixty Days the Limit
For a Deal.
c
TINPLATE TRUST LOOMS UP
NORTONS MAKE A DICKER OF
HUGE SIZE.
Stout Denials Are Hade in This City,
but There Are Parties in Inter
est Here Who Claim to
Have Information.
< New and even more interesting: rumors
than had previously been given publicity
concerning the fruit canneries of the State
were In circulation yesterday and lent
spice to the situation. In the first place,
it was said that the mysterious party
who was reported in The Call yesterday
morning as interested in the establishment
of a new can manufacturing plant In this
city or vicinity would probably be on the
scene within the next week. He is an
Eastern man and has good business con
nections. The next statement that went
the rounds was somewhat sensational,
but it was credited in various places, not
withstanding some vigorous denials. This
was in substance that three can manufac
turing companies doing business in the
State have given options for sixty days
upon their plants, these being the Pacific
Sheet Metal Works, the Union Can Com
pany and the Great Western Can Com
pany. The first two are in this city and
the other is in San Jose.
The rumor extended to particulars and
Included names. It was alleged by a rep
utable merchant, who is connected with
the canning industry, that the parties
who had taken options on the can making
plants were the Nortons of Chicago, a
very large concern, and that they were
acting in connection with the tin plate
trust and had secured options upon 70
per cent of all the can making plants in
the United States. This story was em
phatically denied at both of the local can
manufactories, but that did not necessari
ly prove that it was untrue entirely, while
there might have been some errors in the
story. • •
Another story was that the local can
makers have Dooled their interests and
have combined on prices. This was also
denied and also Insisted upon. The par
ticular fact of interest to the public is
that the price of cans has been advanced
to the extent of about $4 per thousand.
The local can makers say that the reason
is the advance in the price of tin plate.
Some of the canners smiled at this ex
planation and would not accept any view
of the phenomenon except that a com
bination had been effected. The Idea was
also entertained by some canners outside
of the combine that they have been
charged a higher price for cans than the
canning companies in the combination.
All this tends to add interest to the
movemens of the mysterious agent who
may represent outside capitalists who are
eager to invtst money In a new can mak
ing plant. The story current is that this
agent has been delayed in making an
appearance by sickness in his family.
Several concerns are keeping a sharp
lookout for him whenever he may arrive.
The wonderment increases concerning
the cannery that Frank S. Johnson has
purchased and all sorts of conjectures are
based Upon the secrecy that Is maintained
in regard to that matter. All the canners
are interested in the • rumors flying
about and eagerly ask questions concern
ing what is going on, but nearly all say
they are entirely in the dar«c concerning
the facts.
If the story about the combination of
the great majority of the can manufactur
ing plants of the country shall prove to
be true the deal will mount high into the
millions of dollars.
? Strictly Rcliob'c. °
\ m\ Dr.Talcott&Co. f
° $|jf «*^*^~r\ Practice Confined to o
? % ja&l Men Only. *
° ' i^^^^lfw^^^ Varicoccle cured In one WeeK ?
° A^l*&siß^A at office - or f our Wee Ks" home o
.1 •¦ y \^^*^yfA\ treatment. Stricture cured by ?
i yy Nl\ /jL >w painless electricity. Discharges ?
o //kv^^^^V/|\ \Nw cured by the irrigation rrjethod. o
t "// 1/ V^&^Tll \J>S All forms of weakness a spc . 4
t W7W 7 \ }f 7// <<T cialty. o
? \\ \ Wv\/I // Correspondence Invited. 2
? \\ 1¦ // 997 Market Street, Corner Sixth. 2
2 ,'/-.*•¦; • % ' o
??-o-»-o-» o ?•©?©?o*-o-»- o+Q+6+o+Q ¦*-o-*-o-*-o-*- o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»- o ? o «-o ? o*9
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Telephone Main E-2.
MATINEE TO-PAT.
BRILLIANT VICTORY OF THE NEW COMIC
OPERA.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
D^llncer'6 Famous Composition.
DON C/ESAR
OF IRUN.
HAILED WITH ENTHfSIAEM BY CROWD-
ED HOI"8ES.
Monflav Evenir.e— "THE QUEEN'S LACE
HANDKERCHIEF."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Goo<3 reserved t^at In orchestra Saturday
matinee 25 cents. Branch ticket office Em-
porium.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY and SUNDAY.
LAST TWO ICIGHTS
Of Oscar Wilde's Beautiful Play,
"LADY
WINDERMERE'S
FAN !"
PRICES 15e, 25c. 33c, sOc
"LORD CHUMLEY."
Special &k
At 25 Per Cent fPwlli
Reduction m i||l|||L
and F(,c po l rl n Q* \
AD. KOCOUR & CO.,
Fashionable r,,,.,.;.^
Manufacturing nurrierfc),
Fur Dyers and Fur Dressers,
121 p ort Street, Rooms 7to 11.
Telephone Black 3743.
7THE STOCK MARKET.
Business was not over active on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange and varia
tions were slight. Oceanic advanced to $34 50.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric declined to
$30 and Paauhau sold up to $27 75. Buslnesa
was rather light.
The oil stocks were generally quiet.
Dividends payable to-day are the Homo Oil.
10 cents; Hutchinson Sugar. 25 cents; Spring
Valley Water, 42 centa: Grass Valley Explora
tion Company, 25 cents: Ontario Mining Com
pany, 30 cents; California Powder, $1; Central
Light and Power. 5 cents.
The Vindicator Mining Company has declared
a dividend of 5 cents per share, or $03,230.
payable on the 25th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Jan. 19—2 o. m.
Bid. Ask., Bid. Ask.
V S Bonds— :Cent L 4 P.... — *
4s quar coup.. — — ; Equit GL. Co. A\ 5
4s quar reg.... — 114%! Mutual L.Co.. 13 7 » 14>4
4s quar new... — — OG L 4 H... 43% 45
3s quar c0up. .110% — 'Pac Gas Imp.. 45 47
Miscellaneous— Pac Light Co.. 41 41%,
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115% — \S F O & E-.... 50% —
C C Water 55.. 106*^107% San Francisco. f>% s*i
Ed L& P 65. .130 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
F&CI Ry 63..115 — 1 Insurance—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 !Flrem"s Fund. 22o 230
HC & S 5%5..112 — ! Bank Stocks—
11 C 4 S 55. ...106% — iAnglo-Cal Ltd. «3 —
L A Ry 55. ...104% — IBank of Ca1. ..400 402^
LALCoas...— — CaISD&T..— 97
Do gtnd 65.. — — • First Nation!.. 2so —
Do gtnd 55.. — 103 iLon P & A. ...131 132%
LA& P R 3s. 102 104 Merchants' Ex — 18
Market-st 65. ..123% — |Nev Nat 8k... — 190
Do Ist m 55..11T US ! Savings Banks—
NCN G R 7s. — 111 Ger S & L. ..1750 ISOO
NR of Cal 65. U2 — IHum S & L.. — _
NR of Cal 55.114 — jMut Say Bk.. 40 44
NPC R R 63.103 — S F Say U...500 —
NPC R R «s.l« — 1 Say Sc. L So. . 70 —
NC R R 35... 109 — Sec Say Bk.. —
OGL & II as.lus 110 'Union T C 0... — —
Oak Trans 65.. — 113 | Street Railroads—
Oak W Co 55.. 105 106% California .... — 120
Oceanic SS C 0104% — Geary-st 60 —
Om CRy 65... 127% — ,Market-st Ry. (1 tV>k
P&CI Ry 65..104» 3 lCs\i OSL& H .. — 60
PkiO Ry 6s. — — jPresldlo 14 —
Powell-st R 6s. — 121 Powder Stocks-
Sac El G&Ras — 100 (California 155 175
SF&. N P 55.113'4m%:E Dynamite... 85 —
SF & SJV ss. 116*4117 Giant Con Co.. S4 SSU
BRy of Cal 6s. — 109 Vlgorit 2\ —
S P of H «5....U0\ — Sugar Stocks—
S P C 6s(1303).109%110% Hana P C 0.... 7% 7nt
SP C C5(19C6).11l — JHaw C&S Co 87% 83
IS P C 6sU9l2>. — — jHonokaaS Co. 30^ —
SPCIs eg ss. — — Hutch S P Co. 26% 27
SPBr Cs 124% — |Kllauea S Co.. — 27
S V Wat 65.... 115 — jMakawell SCo 4314 44
S V Wat 45. ...104 Vi — iOnomea S Co.. 27% —
S V W4s(3dm).ica 102%' Paauhau S Co. — K\.
Stktn Gas 65.. 101 105 Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Assn.llo%l'o
Contra Costa.. 73 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 94 Mti
Spring Valley. 9S 93%' Pac A F A.... 1% "J
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co.. 146 —
Cent Gas Co.. — — |pP r Paint Co.. $4 —
Morning Session.
Board—
15 Contra Costa Water n m
50 Equitable Gas b 11 r 55
210 Hana Plantation Co ; 5 Ziu,
100 Hana Plantation Co, s 30.. '*" 4 ££
300 Hara Plantation Co. s 90.. 7 sn
73 Honokaa - ~ 3^
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19— The dullness and
apathy which have prevailed in the stock mar
ket all week pave place In the late dealings
to-day to a considerable show of animation
and ftrength. Business broadened out and em
braceu a greatly extended list of stock and
practically all that were dealt in advanced
briskly to a level substantially above that of
last night. The immediate motive of the buy
ing movement was the preliminary estimates
of the gains in cash by the associated banks
during the week, which has shown with suf
ficient clearness that cash reserves were being
largely replenished, but It is rather a tradi- i
tien with slock operators to defer action to 1
discount the bank BtateniOnt until Friday
alternoon. Thf*re has been a large waiting I
contingent in Wall street watching for some i
positive development in the market before com- j
mining themselves to action. All the larger I
comuiissicin houses have been advising their i
customers to refrain from action and await
the irarket. Apparently a larce proportion of
thest were iniiirws:>ed by the earlier events of
the day in the market and came in with buy
in* orders in force In the last hour. The pro- j
:•¦>:¦: ¦:.;». traders themselves turned In a body j
to the long side of the market after having |
made a bavape dilve in the morning at Third
Avenue, breaking that stf>ck over 10 points.
The an.r-unt of Mocks brought out on the de
cline did DOt prove encouraging and the rest
of the market was not aoutely affected. A
number of positive points of Etrength also de
veloped, notably in Missouri Pacific, in which
there was evidence of o;<erations by a pool.
The whole of the south w* stern group was
affected by rympatny. notwithstanding the de
teriorations in earnings on account of a small
ootton movement- The metfU group was also
strong, led by Steel and Wire, which was
bought in anticipation of dividend action,
fcupar was a prominent figure in the advance
on heavy deulincs, in which the demand from
the shorts was a larpe factor. These special
points of Etrenpth were the vantage points I
lrom which the late general advance in prices
was inaugurated. There were rumors ail day
of the relief of Lad>>mith. but as London sold
wore stocks than she bought in this market the
rumors were wlthi.ut much effect. It is esti
mated that the associated bunks had gained
up to Thursday night nearly $10,000,000 In cash
the estimate being based on figures furnished
by the principal banks of the express move
ment. Of this total operations with the sub
treasury have furnished $4.196.0f»0. There has
been no evidence of any large loan expansion
in the stock market, but the time money mar
ket and that for mercantile paper has been
qutte active. A notable increase In surplus
reserve is. however, oonsldered assured.
The market for railroad bonds continued
broad and active all day and strength was
general throughout the list. Total i-ul-ss, car
value. $3.22n.«.-0.
United States 3s declined % and new 4s
(coupon) advanced ', In the bid price.
NEW YOP.K STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— . Bid.
450 Atchlson 20"4
12.785 Atchinon rrefd 61* i
2.400 Baltimore & Ohio 08%
40d Canadian Pacific <a\
Car.a-la Southern 4»%
T2O rhesapeake & Ohio 30%
1.7*1 Chicago «irt-at Western 12v4
i.r.r.o Chicago Burlinpton & Qulncy 122%
300 Chicago lnd & Louisville ie
Chicago lnd & Louisville prefd.... 46
Chicago & Eastern Illinois S5
600 Chicago & Northwestern 162%
LOSS Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1M;,
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Money has be
come decidedly easier this week. Call loan
rates are now back to a lower average than
at any time since the early autumn. Sup
plies of funds available for the purposes of
Wall street are Increasing and lenders not only
show a renewed disposition to put out their
money on time at about £@5% per cent, but
are also much less critical as to the char
acter and quality of the collateral offered.
The general easing off of rates for money iii
the London and continental markets has also
relieved the situation here by removing the
matter of immediate gold exports. In short
the conditions which were mainly responsible
for the disorganization of the speculative mar
kets in December have undergone a decided
change for the better. Nevertheless the ability
to carry stocks once more on comparatively
easy terms has not had its expected • effect In
reviving speculative interest and activity
Transactiona have dwindled and on several
days this week the dealings were so limited
and the tone of the market so utterly per
functory as to suggest a comparison with the
dullness of midsummer. The public is evi
dently doing little or nothing and commission
houses report a dearth of orders except • j far
as Investors are once more coming into the
market and picking up bonds or dividend-pay
ing railroad stocks and preferred Industrials
This latter movement has naturally assumed
some dimensions as rates for money have de
clined, though there Is no very Intense de
mand from the above source. The profes
sionals in the absence of the public have
found little opportunity to Indulge In any seri
ous manipulative demonstrations, and there
fore activity has been limited to a few stocks
in which the boardroom traders have pro
duced generally extremely moderate fluctua
tions. Speculation, in short, seems to be wait
ing and the general feellnc Is that the factor
in which its course depends Is the outcome of
the military operations In South Africa, or
rather the way in which the London market
will be affected by the next Important develop
ments from that quarter. This is, to all ap
pearances, demonstrated by the degree of
strength which prices here developed on the
news that the British forces had taken a more
advantageous strategic position, although the
slight Improvement which followed in the Lon
don market did not develop any particular for
eign buying of our stocks. It seems, however
that the street and the public have come to
the conclusion that should the Boers inflict
any further serious defeat on the British army
It would be followed by a severe disturbance
In values at London and on the continent
while developments calculated to encourage a
belief in the early termination of the South
African struggle might cause an advance or
at any rate afford a basis on which large in
terests would feel it was safe to work actively
for higher prices.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Whether the new year will surpass or keep
pace with the old is the question which elves
special Interest to every week's returns. Com
paring now with business by far the largest
and most prosperous ever known a year
ago, more than 40 per cent larger than In
January, 1898. i which in its turn had shown
heavier business than in any year preceding,
it cannot be expected that such a gain will
be repeated. But the decrease of 9.6 per cent
in payments through the Clearing-house Is
wholly due to great speculative activity at New
York last year, with sales of 12.031.532 shares,
against 6.515.920 to the same date this year, for
payments outside this city have been 4.3 per
cent greater than a year ago and greater than
in the same part of any other month.
This week one contract of 10.CWO tons for a
Western road and two for bridges requiring
ll.OuO tons are the only big transactions re
ported in Iron products, but heavy business
was secured by concessions, for plates at Pltts
burg colng materially below 2.25, for bars at
Philadelphia below 2.20, the price of the aeso
clatlon. Sheets are also lower at the East,
but $1 higher at Pittsburg. Sales of foundry
pig at reduced prices include two for 10,0<jO tons
and No. 1 Lehich Is quoted at $24, but Besse
mer and gray forte at Plttsburg are held un
changed, though without sales.
The copper output of this country In 1599
was 262.2i.tf tons, greater by 91.000. or 53% per
cent, than in 1X95. while the foreign product
last year, 89,240 tons, gained in the four years
only 3002 tons.
The prices of copper and lead are unchanged,
with tin higher at 27% c. Perhaps the most im
portant Industrial event is the marketlnir of
woolen goods at prices averaging 15.4 per cent
higher than last year, many makes having been
promptly sold up and withdrawn, while others
sell so well as to give great encouragement.
As wool quotations average 34.9 per cent higher
than a year ago the rise In goods Is not ex
cessive. But hopes of wool speculators for a
further rise were dashed by the fall of 6 per
cent In merinos at the London sale, with cross
breds weaker, and considerable sales at conces
sions of l%c to 3c followed here, one of 300.000 '
pounds of Montana at 20c, with numerous or
ders to sell consignments hitherto held oft the
market. Sales In three weeks. 14, 920,800 pound 3,
have been smaller than In the corresponding
weeks of the three previous years.
Business In cotton goods begins to Increase,
though in staples it Is still moderate. The
goods now average 29.7 per cent higher than a
year a*ro and with the rise this week to 7.81 c
cotton is 1.1 per cent higher. Belief In a short
crop has helped the goods market and still
sustains It, though cotton Is a little lower than
it was two months ago. Receipts from planta
tions continued over a third smaller than last
year but exports decreased quite as much.
Shipments of shoes from the East In expecta
tion of old orders continue larger than In any
previous year, 250.25S cases In three weeks, over
20 per cent larger than last year and 3.8 per
cent larser than In IS9S. But business does
not amount to a quarter of the current pro
duction, it Is said, and in every line doubt
about maintenance of prices hinders buying.
The market for breadstuffs Is not active nor
have changes in. prices of elevator wheat been
of any consequence, but the active May option
thows a sharp decline. Atlantic exports con
tinue far below former years. In three weeks
6.003,325 bushels, against 13,224,082 last year,
and Pacific exports in the same weeks were
2 291.775, against 1.853.934 last year. Western
receipts were In three weeks only 8,632,132,
aealnsl 13.005.452 last year.
Corn receiDts are smaller than last year by
5,000,000 bushels for the three weeks, while ex
ports have been 10,355,185 bushels, against 9,510.
499 last year, and this active movement caused
spot quotations to advance.
Failures for the week have been 242 in the
United States, against 24S last year, and 40 in
Canada, against 22 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts, 25.
446 barrels; exports, 10,950 barrels; market in
active but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 36,800 bushels; exports.
150.521 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 73Hc f. c.
b. afloat, prompt; No. 2 red, 71% c elevator.
Options were steady and held firm during the
day on foreign buying, strong French cables,
local covering and an abeeneo of selling pres
sure. The close was firm at Vie advance. May.
71%@71 15-I6c, closed 71Tic; July. 7lfc@72%c,
HIDES-Flrm.
WOOL— Quiet.
LEATHER-Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed easy In tone, with
prices unchanged to 10 points net lower. Total
sales, 27.000 bags. Including: February, $7 05;
March. $7 lE®7 25; May. $7 2C®7 35; July, $7 35®
7 60; August, $7 40@7 60; September. $7 55®7 60-
October, $7 65@7 65; December, $7 56@7 70.
Spot Coffee— Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice. SHe;
No. 7 Jobbing. B%c. Mild, steady; Cordova. 8%
©12*ic. Sales moderate business at quotations.
SUGAR — Raw, strong; seller* at any price
scarce. Refined, firm; Mold A, 5.40 c; Standard
A. 4.95 c; Confectioners' A, 4.95 c; Cut Loaf.
6.65 c; Cubes, 5.50 c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3324 packages; market
steady. June creamery, 2f1«J23%c; Western
craemery. 21@25c; factory. ' 17<g~22c.
EGGS— Receipts. 4104 packages ; market firm.
Western, 2tc, loss off; Western ungraded at
mark, 143J1&C.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Jon.- 19. —A firm tone was de
veloped In Evaporated Apples to-day, but with
slack demand.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
656%e; prime. 6%@7%c; choice. 7%@s»4c; fancy.
B%@9c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES-3V4@Bc per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13@15c; Moorpark, 15@lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@23c; unpeeled, 7%©10 c.
New York ) Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— There was no special
feature In to-day's Metal market. Tin, which
has attracted leading attention for several
weaks. was very quiet, though exhibiting un
derlying strength. The cables and advices from
primary points were of satisfactory average,
but not especially Influential. At the close the
Metal Exchange called: •
PIG IRON— Warrants dull.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged. at $16 50.
TlN— Very quiet, but firm, with $27 50 Wd and
$28 asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 70 bid and $4 75 asked.
Th? brokers' price for Lead is $4 46, and for
Copper $16 50.
SPELTER-Steady, with $4 45 bid and $4 55
asked.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 19.—CATTLE— Market gener-
800 C C C & St Louis 61%
60} Colorado Southern 5% I
200 Colorado Southern lft prefd 43
330 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15
Delaware & Hudson 115
Delaware Lack & Western 176
Denver & Rio Grande 17 s/*s /*
IM Denver & Rio Grande prefd C 9}*
Erie nnt» t I
30f- Erie Ist preM SPA i
SCO Great Northern prefd 167 |
Hocking Coal 15 I
129 Hocking Valley 31li
15* Illinois Central 113' i
lowa Central 11%,
....... lowa Central rrefd •. DO
Kansas City Plttf-burg & Gulf B>4 ;
100 I^nke Krie & Western Jl |
Lake Krie & Western prefd Mi !
Lake Shore 194 I
1.300 Louisville & Nashville SO^ !
5.585 Manhattan L 93 '
6.150 Metroj>olitan Street Railway 163 I
800 Mexican Central 10\ ;
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 55% 1
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 90
46.170 Missouri Pacific 43% j
Mobile & Ohio 40 j
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10<4 |
1.455 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 31 :
3W New Jersey Central 116% !
3,475 New York Central 134 141 4
5.733 Norfolk & Western 25%
1.821 Norfolk & Western rrefd 70 j
3,722 Northern Pacific 62% (
l.l 1 *) Northern Pacific prefd 74S* '
1,400 Ontario & Western 22%
Oreron Railway & Nay 42 |
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76 j
2.&30 Pennsylvania 130%
63) Reading 12\
3,<W) Reading let prefd V'\ :
700 Reading 2d prefd Tl\ :
Itlo Grande Western 39 j
Rio Grande Western urefd S2 I
£10 Pt Louis & San Kran J»H i
Sf Louis & San Fran Ist i^refd 6S I
lf>ol f >0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 33-;
1.200 St Louis Southwestern II 1 * .
3.'CO St Louis Southwestern prefd 27% !
5.318 St I'aul 11SH i
2W St Paul prefd 170 j
ft Paul & Omaha US
13.545 Southern Pacific 3.5<4 I
5.000 Southern Railway \l' % 1
1.760 Southern Railway prefd 54% ,
5.325 Texas & Pacific 16% |
:i,225 Union Pacific 4*H '
2.2C1 Union Pacific prefd 75% ;
?-•> Wahash 7-S
1.400 Wabarh prefd 21% !
1.000 -Wheeling & Lake Erie 10 !
209 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 28
100 Wisconsin Central l&^i !
Express companies —
Adams , 114
American 145 j
225 United States 47
Wells-Farijo 123
Miscellaneous—
400 American Cotton OH 33% '
American Cotton Oil prefd 92
300 American Malting 6
£.00 American Malting prefd 27
2.375 American Smelting & Refln 3S»i {
£25 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. ti\ j
American Spirit 2 |
American Spirits prefd 17 !
American Steel Hoop 41% 1
American Steel Hoop prefd SO I
7.760 American Steel & Wire 48 I
710 American Steel & Wire prefd 90 I
300 American Tin Plate 28
110 American Tin Plate prefd 79*.;
14,160 American Tobacco V(*i
American Tobacco preJd IS3 ¦
12> Anaconda Mining Co 40% |
S3,<"*s Brooklyn Rapid Transit 70^ '
1.700 Crlorarto Fuel & Iron 43H !
l.sen Continental Tobacco 33 j
423 Continental Tobacco prefd S3ii !
8.450 Federal Steel .MH :
822 Federal Steel prefd 73% '.
General Electric 122 '
3SO Glucr.se Supar 50 |
Glucose Sugar rrefd ?7 !
International Paper 23%
200 International Paper prefd €7
Laclede Oas 79
National Biscuit 36»i
National Bipcuit prefd »0
120 National Lead 2fi*i
National Lead prefd 105 |
600 National Steel 42* i !
250 National S.teel prefd 52U 1
150 New "York Air Brake 130 I
1.900 North American U\ j
Psr'.flc Coast 51%
Pacific Coa*t Ist prefd 83
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd " 64»4
550 Pacific Mail 43*4
I>'O People's Gas 104
775 Pressed St^el Car 67
415 Preyed Steel Car prefd 8S
130 Pullman Palace Car 189
Standard Rope & Twine 9
40.150 Sugar 117*4
Supar prefd 113
1.4r.0 Tennessee Coal & Iron R.'S^
7.170 United States leather 17%
745 United States Leather prefd 75%
500 United States Rubber 41%
2SB United States Rubber prefd mi
Western TTnlon SC^
600 Republic Iron * Steel 20%
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 64%
P C C & St Louis 74*4
344.200 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s re« 102%'N J Cent gen 55. ...113
U S 3s reg lOS'4 X Carolina 6s 127
U S 2s coup 110%!N Carolina 4s 106
U S new 4s reg 133 N Pacific lsts 110
I U S new 4s c0up.. .134 N Pacific 3s fS
I U S old 4s reg 114VN Pacific 4s 103* i
D S old 4s coup 114 V NYC & 8 L 45...103\
1 U S aa reg 112 !N &. W con 4s Mi
] U S 5s coup 113 V* !N & W ten 65.. ...123
I D of Col 3.65s 119 iOr Nay lsts 110
) Atchleon Gen 45...190*» Or Nay 4s 10174
j Atchison adj 45.... 80V<">r Short IJne 65..l2 r «%
I Canada So 2ds 1% Or S Line con 5s 112U
Ches & Ohio 4%5... S7 1 Reading Gen 45.... 84%
Ches & Ohio 5»....115%!R G W lsts 93%
C & NW on 75.. ..140 |R L & I M con 5s .11QU
C & NWSFdeb 55.. 119 (S L & S F gen 6s 119
I Chlcauo Term 45.. S3 St Paul cons im
D& R G IMS lf>2^!.S PC & P lsts 11S%
I I) *' n « 4s 9«S,S P C & P Za.... 119U
j E TennVaAjGalsts.ini% So Railway Cs 1071?
Erie Gen 45....:... 6»V, Stand R t T 6«.. 81
F W & D C lsts.. 72 ITenn new set 35... 94%
Gen Electric 65. ...117 Hex & Pac lsts....im!
G H & S A 6s 101 iTex & Pac 2ds 64
GH& S A 2d5....105 ;Unlon Pacific 4s 104
H * T C Es 110 |Waba*h lsts .... "115
II & T C on 65. ...110 iWabash 2ds 101
lowa Central lsts.. lll IWest Shore 45.. 112%
X C P & O lsts.... 6S%]wis Cent late ...'.'.'. 90
La new cons 4i....U<6%; Va Centries gs
LAN Unl 4s 97*ijVa deferred 5
MX & T 2ds G3 Colo &So 4s fs
M X 4 T 4s 83% 60 Pacific 4s $2%
N V Central lsts... 109^1
MINING STOCKS.
I Chollar 23 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point lo Ophlr 70
?on. Cal & Va 1 50 Plymouth cj
Deadwood Ss' ; Qulcksllver 1 60
Gould & Curry 21 Quicksilver prefd. ...7 50
Hale & Norcross.... 36iMerra Nevada 45
Homestake CO Standard 2 56
Iron Sliver E. 5 Union Cob 27
Mexican Sl.Yellow Jacket CO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wisconsin Cent.... IS%
Call loans ...tOt Dominion Coal 42
Time loans 3y>" Dom Coal prefd. ...115
Stocks— Bonds —
AT4: S F 20 Atchlson 4s 89
AT& S F prefd... 61% aiming Shares— .
American Sugar 117% Adventure 6
Am Sut^nr prefd. ..ll4 Allouez Mining Co. 2»i
Cell Telephone 82«% Atlantic 24%
lioston & Albany. ..239 Boston & Montana.262
TWton Elevated.... 95 Uutte & Boeton 45
C-B & Q 122 Calumet & Hec1a...730
(ifn Elec prefd 135 jCentennlal 16%
Federal Steel 51% Franklin 14
Federal Steel prefd 73% iHumboldt 1
Mexican Cent 11 Osceola 67%
Mich Telephone 100 Parrot 40
Old Colony 202 (Qulncy 140
Old Dominion IS .Santa Fe Copper.. 5%
Rubber 41 .Tamarack 175
Union Pacific 4SH Wlnona 4
Union Land 2 (Wolverines 83
West End 92% Utah Mining C 0... 27«4
Westlnghouse E1... 40 I
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— Money on call, steady
at B®l% per cent; last loan. 3 per cent. Prime
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: General trade and prices as a
whole maintain the even balance which has
been the leading feature for some time past
and which will require * the ' advent of dis
tinctly new features to affect any ¦ basic
changes. The general demand is large for thla
season of the year, but speculation is quiet to
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
January 18, 1900, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $1,042,719,726 .... 22.5
Boston 133.U1.219 2.9
Chicago 133.892.143 4.2
Philadelphia 94.Ki:».257 .... 7.0
St. Louis 34.079.541 8.8
Pitts«burg 25.773.013 19.5
Baltimore 21.309.827 11.6
Pan Krancisco 19.512.574 21.3
Cincinnati 16,557.0u0 4.3 ....
Kansas City 13,714.001 37.0
New Orleans i:'.^2h,0.12 4.8 ....
Minneapolis 10.357,€3S
Detrjlt 9.753.479 • .... 2.0
Cleveland 11,140.493 14.3
Louisville 10,267,686 40.7 ....
Providence 8.261.400 23.2
Milwaukee 6,742,016 29.1 ....
St. Paul 6.351.414 15.6 ....
Buffalo 5.M0.113 .... ....
Omaha 6.274,397 .... 11.0
Indianapolis 6.494,072 .... ....
Columbus, 0 6.431.700 6.7 ....
Savannah 4.516.612 80.4 ....
Denver 4,849.920 36.7 ....
Hartford 2,813.197 16.6 ....
Richmond 3.366.177 19.9 ....
Memphis 3.059.714 25.6 ....
Washington 2.815.10S 14.2 ....
IVorla 2.114.547 9.3 ....
Rochester 2.120,488 ....
.Vow Haven 1. £07.612 8.7
Worcester 1.440,0(>6 12.7
Atlanta 2.143.971 69.7
Lake City 2.653.218 7.2
Springfield. Mass... 1,437.911 21.4
Fcrt Worth 2.099,513 3.0
Portland. Me 1.271.626 4.9 ..,,
Portland, Or 1,663,726 8.4 ....
St. Joseph 4,009.331 29.2 ....
Los Angeles 2.R06.551 59.5 ....
Norfolk 1.r.53.336
Syracuse 1,304,647 11.2
Dcs Moines 1,400,043 11.3
Nashville 1.417.U55 .... ....
Wilmington, Del... 1.019,369 15. 7 ....
Fall River 9:.9.231 4.0 ....
Scranton 1,160.076 ....
Grand Rapids 1.516.568 24.9 ....
Augusta, Ga 1.114.916 59.8
Lowell 57S.G0S 30.8
Dayton, 0 1.046.070 2.9
Seattle 1,59.i.541 25.1 .-...
Tacoma 859.700 12.1
Spokane 1.157.164 25.5
j Sioux City 1.227.962 43.8 ....
I New Bedford 544.273 26.1 ....
| Knoxvllle, Term 519.265 6.7 ....
' Topeka 800.500 1.9 ....
Birmingham 846.801 60.5 ...
I Wichita 4S7.SSO 13.5 ....
I Ulnphamton 429,500 2.1 ....
! Lexington, Ky 4G3.090 ' ....
j Jacksonville, Fla... 2M>,»63 46.6 ....
! Kalamazoo 357.350 18.3 ....
] Akron 452.100 12.6 ....
i Chattanoopa 424.413 39.4
| Rockford. 11l 303.505 19.7 ....
Canton, 0 265.600 30.5
Hpringfleld. 0 337.442 54.5 ....
FarKO. N. D 349.799 41.2
Sioux Falls. S. D.. llfi,sSS 1.7
Hastings, Nebr 13^.^71 17.9 ...;
Fremont. Nebr 122,515 6.0 ....
I>avenport Cir.637 14.6
Toledo 2,487,007 19.2
(Jalveston 7.0C4.000 .. j'7
Houston 8.319.144 31.0 ..'..
Yfunsstown 334.802 10.1
Evanrville 1.032.W 29.0 '.'.'.'.
Helena 652.759 53. 0 ....
Macon 643,000 17.7
Little Rook 449.475 24 3
Springfield, 111 442.439 8.8 '. "
Eaglnaw 441.432 39.5 ....
Totals, U. S $1.715,11«.504 13.7
Totals outside NY. 673.397.708 4.4
DOMINION OF CANADA.
j Montreal $14.570.41« 5.2
i Toronto 10,535,957 14 5 ****
j Winnipeg 2,ORS,R4S 25.4 *"""
I Halifax 1,4r,6,753 15.8 '""
I Hamilton 822. 550 10 1
; St. John. N. B 631.814 U.S "*'
I Vancouver. B. C... 647.504 4 6
1 Victoria. B. C 653.575 13.6 "*"
Totals $31,459,244 lTi ~
Family Retail Market.
Eggs are still cheaper. There Is no chanff»
In Butter and Cheeae.
Meats continue dear, with prospects for rtlll
higher prices for Hams and Bacon. The Poul
try market has been lightly supplied this week,
but prices have shown little change. Turkeys,
however, are plentiful.
There Is nothing new worthy of note In Frulta
and Vegetables.
Fish are In rather better supply.
Coal, ser ton —
Cannel $ @13 00 [Seattle » 00^—
Wellington... — -©10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- j Wellington.. fn 50
ton ®10 00: Coos Bay ©7 50
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per [Common Eggs 22323
square sOfgsS'Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll — ©45; dozen 15^—
Do. good — ©4i/i Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal — "9ri'. pound USIS
Cheese. Eastern... 17^i2i> Do. extracted — @10
Cheese. Swiss 20®2it
Meats, per lb —
Bacon mn7lPork. fresh 13#21>
Beef, choice IS-&2ojPr»rk. salt 12@1S
Do, good 101il3 Pork Chops 15(313
Corned Beef — S lO Round Steak 10<513
Ham. Cal 15<Q— 'Sirloin Steak 15«?—
Do Eastern KH-gr— : Porterhouse, d0.. .20^23
Lard 12fi 15 Smoked Beef 12®13
Mutton 12f15 Pork Sausages.. 12%-5»
Spring Lamb 20&25; Veal 15®29
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60375(Qua11. dozen J CO
Young Roosters. Mallard. palr..73c®sl 25
each CS7S Canvasback. p»r
Old roosters, ea. ..6Otf«:, pair 73c®l 50
Fryers, each 50®60 Sprig, pair 75<3l 00
Broilers, each 4nft.v:Teai. per pair «O<S75
Turkeys, per lb 151J20, Widgeon, pair 50&53
Ducks, each 60^73 Small Duck, pa!r..4o®io
Geese, each.. ..sl 25^1 50' Wild Geese. pair.7sc®sl
Pigeons, pair 40ftf".0i English Snipe.
Rabbits, pair 40(350; per dozen $3®J SO
Hare, each —^OlJack Snipe $I«®J
Doves, per doz $1251 • -,
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 13«:0j Lemons, dozen NV32O
Apples *W SjLlmes. per dozen. .lo^ls
Bananas, dozen... I'VSISI Pears, per lb oil 4
Cranberries, qt....— ©101 Raisins, per 1b. ... 5310
Oranges, dozen 13(54% Walnuts, per lb...— @la
Vegetables —
Artichokes, dz... 73-31 25 Okra. dry. per Ih.— ©23
beets, dozen U'^ls Peppers, green. lb,lo<@l3
Beans, white, lb.. 112— Potatoes, per lb.. 2(0 5
Colored, lb 43 3 Street Potatoes 3tJ 4
Lima, lb —3 8 Parsnips, per doz. lS.©—
Cabbage, each S'jlO Radishes, dz bchs.lo.-gIJ
Cauliflowers, each 5n 10 ; Sage. <toz bnchs..#tft:v;
Celery, bunch s^—, String Beans. 1b..10<9U
Cress doz fcnchs..2< 1 1/3.> Summer Squash.
Egg Plant.ib. 20625 per lb S®lo
Green Peas, lb 6®lo Thyme, per lb 20330
Lentils, per lb 6» S : Turnips, per .loz.. 10^15
Lettuce, per d0z.. 153— .Tcmatoes. per lb.. B©U
Onions, per 1b.... 29 3i
Fish-
Barracuda — O— IShrimpa — <H9
Carp 12®— .Shad — @1»
Codfish — 'rtlSlSea Bass — Q —
Flounders.' 12-3— Smelts 15®20
Halibut 15®— Soles 12-g»l5
Herring ~'S 12 Skates, each lftjl}
Ktngflsh — ®15 Clams, gallon M-jj—
Mackerel — -»— Do hardshell.lOO 40^50
Do Horse — @— Crabs, each 10§15
Percn — <g— Do aofuhell. <Jz,2sa3i
Pompano — *r— Mussels, quart lOcfU
Rockflsh 15?20j Oysters. Cal. 100. ..40#5«>
Salmon, fresh 20@2S Do Eastern. da.2SS4<)
Do. smoked — #201
the extreme of dullness In some lines, and
especially in those branches of speculation
which go to radically affect financial affairs
and therefore the volume of bank clearings.
Close examination of leading lines of industry
falls to show marked unfavorable features. It
Is true that retail 1 traae. in seasonable goods
has been and is being affected by phenomenally
mild winter weather, but wherever spring
trade, particularly. in- dry goods, has been de
veloped, it has been in such volume and ac
companied with such a readiness of accept
ance of advanced prices as to point to un
dlmlnlshed confidence on the part of the trade
world as to the outlook for spring business.
The iron and steel industry, Justly regarded
as a trustworthy Index of general trade. Is
still actively employed on old orders and new
business Is limited for reasons unnecessary to
recapitulate. It Is evident that the few re
action* In prices shown In such an ordinarily
dull period as this have strengthened rather
than lessened confidence In the future. Signs
of preparations for the coming season's needs
are shown in the reported active inquiry ror
steel rails at the West, recent sales at Chicago
aggregating so.ooo, tons, some of which are
for northwestern railroads and some for ex
port. Production Is as evidently hard pushed
as ever and the question of fuel supplies rather
than new orders engrosses manufacturers at
tention. Some concession in foundry iron is
noted, but aside from this price changes are
within very narrow limits. The other metals
are rather stronger, copper and tin being higher
on the weak, the latter In sympathy with ad
vances abroad. Spring trade In hardware is
opening well and advances in prices are gener
ally reported.
Cereals are dull In nearly all directions and
the pressure of enlarged "stocks, particularly
abroad, has been Influential this week in bring
ing about a reaction In prices. Corn and oats,
however, are rather firmer on foreign buying,
though sympathetically affected by the de
cline In the leading, cereals.
Coffee 1b actn-e, speculation being Influenced
by higher European advances and advices of
a large domestic consumption.
Apparently Improved British prospects In
South Africa are assigned as the reason for
the better buying of cotton, resulting In a
fractional advance this week. The crop move
ment still continues much smaller than ex
pected by the bears. Cotton goods are meeting
with good demand on spring demand. ¦
Rather more Inquiry Is noted for wool, par
ticularly at Boston and men's wear sales for
next fall are meeting with good patronage,
notwithstanding the advances demanded. Fine
wools are at about the highest point reached
in twenty years.
Lumber is strong, particularly white pine
grades, partly because of smaller stocka and
possibly smaller, cut In the Northwest as a
result of lack of snow and partly because
of a hopeful feeling as to the building outlook
for the coming spring.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3,061,026 bushels, against 4,248,
926 bushels last week. 6,198.671 bushels in the
corresponding week of IS9?, 3,720,064 bushels In
IS9S. 2.916,706 bushels In 1597 and 3.549.271
bushels in 1896.
Since July 1, this season, the exports of
wheat aggregate 113,803.831 bushels, against
139,234.719 bushels last year and 141,668,974
bushels in 1897-98.
Business failures in the United States are
fewer in number, they being 205 for the week,
as compared with 295 last week, 262 In this
week a year ago, 309 In IS9S; 424 in 1897. and
341 in 1896.
Canadian business failures for the week
number 35. as compared with 28 last week. 30
In this week a year ago, 46 in IS9S. 57 In 1897.
and E2 In. 1896.
Silver continues to improve. Exchange as before.
Wheat and Barley dull and unchanged.
Other cereals stagnant at previous quotations.
Further advance in Beans, with a good demand.
Hay quiet and easy. Bran firm.
Vegetables scarce and higher. Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Fancy Butter firm: other grades zvcak. Cheese easy.
Eggs continue to decline, with free receipts from the East.
Turkeys plentiful; other Poultry in light supply.
Game scarce and higher.
Oranges sold off well at auction. Other fruits quiet.
Provisions continue very firm.
Mutton and Lamb* firm. Beef easy. Hogs in light supply.
Rice market rules strong.
Light trading in local securities.
Coal market very firm. "¦
Chicago Grain Market.
mercantile paper. B®6 per cent. Sterling ex
change, heavy, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 86% for demand and $4 S3%@
4 S3v4 for sixty days. Posted rates. $4 84%@
453 and $4 88. Commercial bills. $4 83®4 K3%.
Silver certificates. D9®6o»£c. • Bar silver, 59% c.
Mexican dollars.- 47%c. Government bonds. Ir
regular; State bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
strong.
London Markets.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser' 6 London financial cablegram says:
Business here was still very dull to-day.
There whs some slight noisy buying, but even
professional dealings were stopped by the
eagerness for the news from the seat of war.
A larc crop of rumors which were current
were entirely Ignored. Consols spurted half a
point more, but It Is feared the Government
will lpsue a large loan as soon as the market
is favorable.
Americans were inanimate, except Union Pa
cific and Southern preferred, which New fork
lifted.
The Bank lost £55,000 gold to South America
and £20.000 to India. Call money was still
slack, as were bills. Foreign exchange rates
were as follows: Paris. 25.19; Berlin, 20.49%.
India Is Inquiring for silver.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 19.— Canadian Pacific, 97%:
Union Pacific preferred, 77V4: Northern Pacific
preferred, 76: Atchlson. 20'zi; Grand Trunk, 1%;
Anaconda, 8%.
Bar Silver, steady, 27 6-16 d per ounce; closed
strong. 27% d.
msittm
vance established for any of the ' British cm
umbia products, although they hoi d th ( baJ^
as the amount en route, cannot aid ' h « P resent
shortage, and very few engagements aw :*>•£*
made for later delivery, hence we are °blU<£
to look to the coast for our fuel »upp l /- Hono
lulu Is raying such liberal Pr ces for coal de
livered there, that three-fourths of the Aus
tralian coal carriers are heading t n "£ wh '£»
otherwise would be carrying coal t" th' 9 P*££
TMs diversion of tonnatre has upset an fuel cai
culatlons for the past twelve months. rn ?__
RIPE-Th* tendency continues upward. China
mixed. $3 95-84 X: China No. 1. $4 2oft4 7o extra
do. $4 9CS3 10; Hawaiian. U oo@->: Japan. $4 .*
@5; Louisiana, $5®7. /-.,._
SUGAR— The Western Sucar tt*"" l "* F ™T
pany quotes, terms net cash. In !(*>-"> V?**'
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. o>»c:pow
dered. S^c: Candy granulated. 5%c: Pry Gran
ulated. sc; Confectioners' A. Sc: Maamnlla A.
4Sc; Extri C. 4%e: Golden C. 4%c: barrels. 1-liH
more: half-barrels. «4c more: boxes. %c more:
SO-Ib bags. M,c more. No orders taken for lesa
than 7."> barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnoa.
half-barrels. o\c: boxes. 6c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs had been scare* for several days up to
yesterday, when a number of cars came In.
Supplies are still light, however. Beef Is la
good supply and weak. Spring Lamb Is scare*.
Supplies of Mutton are limltM.
BEEF— «%@7>4c per lb for Steers and &s<>\9
for Cows.
VEAL— S®IOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B©S%c; ewes. 7%®Bc per
pound. --'. ¦
LAMB— Spring. 15c: yearling, S®3o per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%c for small. SH« tor
medium and 5>4®5%c for large: stock Koca and
feeders, sVi®s%c; dressed Hogs. 7©S%c
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY W.
Flour, qr sks 10.020|Hay, tons Mt
Wheat, ctls 4.590;6traw, tona 41
Barie^ ctls 8, 660 1 Wool, bags 4
Oats, ctls l.esOLlme. bbls IS2
Butter, ctls 2K3 Sugar, bbls IS
Cheese, ctls 112 Brandy, gals 40*
Tallow, ctla 227W1n«. gals ICS.'W
Beans, sks 1.200 Pelts, bdls 375
Potatoes, sks 1.417 Hides. No 319
Onions, sks 36 Egjrs. doz 8.519
Bran, sks 2.Ws! Leather, r0115... 'M
Middlings, sks... 1«5 Quicksilver, f.sk» 31
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1,715 j Potatoes, sks 100
UTAH.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 2.0441
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Continued on Pag© Eleven.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
ally quiet and steady. Choice feeders In good
supply and fair demand. «ood to choice. $5 45@
6 25; poor to medium. $4® 4 90; mixed stockers,
$3 25®3 80: selected feeders, !4 20^4 75; good. to
choice, .$3 50{J4 25; heifers. $3 20® 4 50; canners.
$2 2O«?2 SO; bulls. $2 50®4 20; calves, $4 5007 50;
fed Texas beeves. H<&6.
¦ HOGS— Market 5® 10c lower; closed weak; fair
clearance. Mixed and butchers'. $4 45®4 72%;
good to choice heavy, $4 57%®4 75; rough heavy.
$4 4f!^4 55: light. $4 35@4 65.
SHEEP— Market steady; lambs, 10c higher.
Native wethers, $4 50@5; native iambs. SI 60®
6 40; Western wethers, $4 40® 4 85; Western
lambs. $5 25<g'« 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; Hogs. 24.000; Sheep.
LOCAL MARKET .
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... - $4 84V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8.%
Sterling Cables — * js^t
New York Exchange, sight — IS
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69* i
Mexican Dollars — 43
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Otterspool takes for Cork 62,306
ctls. valued at $65,421.
Paris was higher, and Liverpool futures also
showed more firmness. Argentine shipments
were £00,000 bushels.
Chicago was dull, with a bearish pit. There
was a good cash demand on Thursday, which,
if continued, might start an advance, as the
tired holders are about out of it now.
The local market showed no change worthy
° Bpot Wheat— Shipping. 95@96%c; milling. 57%
695% c.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2oCO ctls.
98% c. December-40C0, $102%; 2000, $102%.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 03.
May— lB,ooo, 99c. '• -. ! "
Regular Morning. Session— May— 6ooo ctls.
SSTic. N
Afternoon Session— May— l4.ooo ctls. 98% c; 44,
000 9SW,c. December— 2ooo. $102%; 12,000, $102%;
SOOO, $1 02%.
BARLEY— The market Is steady enough, but
dull. Receipts are light, owinu largely to the
fact that the shippers can send their Barley
from Salinas to New Orleans for $6 per ton,
whereas It costs $2 80 to get it to San Francisco
and $3 to Port Costa, hence a good deal of the
grain (or export Is now going that way.
Feed, 75577% c for No. 1 and 65®72%c for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades. 80®87%c;
Chevalier, nominal. ,
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sale*.
. Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The old quotation* •till rul*. with a
London Wool Sales.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
CHICAGO. Jan. 19.— With Liverpool firm and
Northwest receipts moderate, wheat opened
firm, a shade over yesterday. May at 65H@63<$c.
Ihe weakness of corn and oats made Itself
felt shortly afterward, and May sold off to 65« i
«TC5%c. Additional reports of damage, to the
French crop by frost caused exporters to cover
shorts later, and as a slight Improvemert In
the local and in cash demand met with rather
light offerings, the market reacted, carrying
May to 0514 c. Trade was moderately active,
and the advance was steadily maintained, May
closing 'ac over ye6terdny at G3%c,
Corn was easy. Influenced by the assertion
that the GDvernment report, expected lc be
bullish, would be Issued Saturday, this ¦ being
in contradiction of a previous report that It
would not be published thia month. May
closed '4c under yesterday at SS'/'aC.
The easiness of corn, combined with the ex
pectation of the Issuance on Saturday of a
Government report discouraging. to holders. In
fluenced a decline In the oats market. One
firm let out 500.C00 bushels, the break thereby
occasioned being helped by floor traders. On
the decline the market steadied and regained
some of the early loss on a good demand from
the East. May closed Vn<3V*e depressed at 23%ic.
The provision market was easy and dull the
greater part of the session. May pork closed
6Q7Hc under yesterday ; May lard unchanged
and May ribs 2',4c depressed. ¦ .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. . High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. >—
January 62% 62% 62V4 62*4
May 65% 65% 65H 65»4
July 66%. 66H 65%. 66H
Corn No. 2— •
January 30H
May 33H 83H S3*4 33<i
July 84 - 84 33% 83%
Oats No. 2—
January 22V4
May 24 24 234 23%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January 10 55
May 10 73 10 80 10 70 10 77%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January ...'. B 82%
May ...'. 595 6 97% 6 93% 6 97%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January .... .... 6 K2%
May 6 72% •6 75 6 67% 5 72%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat. 58%'363%c; No.
2 red. 66% c: No. 2 corn, 31% c; No. 2 oats, 23'<*
23V;c : No. 2 white, 25%@26>4c; No. 3 white. 25<9
25"»ic; No. 2 rye. 62«?54c; No. 2 barley. 38040 c;
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 60; prime timothy seed, $2 60;
mess pork, per barrel. $7 20<JJ10 60; lard, per 100
pounds, to 77%® 5 87%; short ribs sides (loose).
io S'WS SO; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5 JO'iJ
5 75; short clear sides (boxed), $3 95®6; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 23%;
sugars, cut loaf, 5.90 c; granulated, 5.25 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.000 32.001
Wheat, bushels 41.000 44.000
Corn, bushels 219,000 144.000
Oats, .bushels 223.000 165,000
Rye, bushels 6.000 3.000
Barley, bushels 51.000 10.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery, 19®24c; dairy.
lS<s22c. Cheese, firm, 12® 13c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 16® 17c. g
¦? : -f-
Foreign Futures.
-f . f
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 "\ 5 7*4
Closing 5 7% 6"H
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 18 20 19 00
Closing 13 40 19 35
Flour-
Opening 24 10 23 05
Closing ....24 20 25 30
SUMMARY OF. THE MARKETS.
THE SA^T FKAIfCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900.
stagnant market. White. $1 10® 1 30; Red. $1 07^
©120: Gray. $107%®117%; Black. 97?4c@$l 07Ms.
CORN— Eastern White is quoted at 95c®
$1 C2 l i per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 05®
1 10: mixed. 97&c®$l 02tf.
RYE— sliSl 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. }1 <oO> ».
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40®3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40®3 50 per bbl for extra.
$3 25^3 40 for bakers' and $2 ZIQZ for supemne.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
$3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal.
$2 50: Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal. $2 50; Oat
Groats, $4 SC: Hominy. $3 25(33 50: Buckwheat
Flour. $4@» 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oatu
(barrels). $6#7 25: In sacks". $5 75^7; Pearl Bar
ley, $5: Split Peas. $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is nothing new in Hay. Bran Is firm
at the recent advance.
BRAN— SI 3 50<?14 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17«i20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. »14#17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26^27: Jobbing.
$27 50fi2S: Cocoanut Cake. $?otm; Cornmeal.
$23<524: Crarked Corn. $?3 v>o^H 50; Mixed Feed.
$1.". 30: Cottonseed Meal. $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7 50^/S CO for common to srood
and $;"§!> 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7.{?0;
Oat. $6 r,O(gS: Barley. $5@6 50; Alfalfa. $5®S per
ton: compressed. $7@lo per ton.
STRAW— 2S®;Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A further advance In Beans Is noted. The
market is quite active under the demand for
shipment already mentioned.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 25@3 50; small White, $2 90
63 10; large White. $2 60@2 80; Pinks, $2 50®
2 75; Reds, 3 75@4; Blackeye. $4 50®4 75: Butters,
nominal; Lima, $5 1035 20; Pea. $3®3 25; Red
Kidneys. $4@4 25. '
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3®3Hc; Yellow Mus
tard. 4@4Hc; Flax. $1 90«2 20; Canary. 3^c per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 79
8c; Rape. 2^®3c; Hemp, 4#4Hc; Timothy. 4
®4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50@l 90; Green. $1 75
®2 50 r>er ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Vegetables were in light supply, except Peas,
and prices were higher. Onions and Potatoes
were unchanged.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 85«£90c; River Redi.
65(g75c: Burbanks. 6fltjSsc per sack; Salinas
Burbanks, $I@l 25: Oregon Burbanks, 85c@$l 15;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 50<gl 60 for Merced.
ONIONS— SI 25i?ri 75 per ctl for all kinds.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2H'g3c per lb:
String Beans. s@Sc: Cabbage, 40#50c; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $I@2; Egg Plant from Loa
Angeles. 10@15c; Dried Okra. 12Hc per lb;
Garlic. 65t7c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles,
6c; Dried Peppers, 8® 10c; Carrots, 30<g40c per
sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash. 7Sc"usl per
box; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Game waa scarce and higher, with a quick
demand.
With the exception of Turkeys Poultry was
firm and in light supply. Arrivals of Dressed
Turkeys continue in excess of the market
needs, and low prices rule In consequence.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll®l2Hc for Gob
blers and ll@l2Hc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 11
&15c; Geese, per pair, $1 7S®2; Goslings, $1 75
62; Ducks, $4®5 for old and $4@5 for young:
Hens, $4Q5; Young Roosters, $s'gs 50; Old
Roosters. $4 50©5; Fryers, $4 5C@5; Broilers. $4
U* 50 for large and $3 'a 350 for small : PUeons.
$1 25£1 50 per dozen for old and $2 5C(g3 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25®1 75; Mallard. $3 30^5:
Canvasback, $3 50^6; Sprig. $3.'@4 50: Teal.
$150©2 50: Widgeon. $2@3; Small Duck, $1 5o
@2; Do\ - es. 75c per dozen: Hare, $1 25*?1 50:
Rabbits, $1 75r<?2: Gray -Geese. $3 50^4: White.
$1 60-P2: Brant. $1 75!g2 50; Honkers. $5: Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Fancy creamery Butter Is tn reduced sup
ply and firm, but the medium and lower de
scriptions are in ample stock, easy and dull.
Cheese continues weak.
Continued arrivals of cold storage Eastern
Eggs keep the local product demoralized, and
arrivals continue to accumulate. Four cars of
Eastern stock were waiting at the railroad yes
terday for a chance at the market. Store Eggs
are lower again.
BUTTER—
Creamers-Fancy Creamery, 24@25c; seconds,
22M.tf23Vic/*
Dairy— Fancy. 21c; good to choice. W^Oc;
common, 13@17Hc
CHEESE— Choice mild new. HH®l2c; old. lie
Young America. 12V»@13c; Eastern, 15^i@16c
Western, 13^®lSc per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 17H@!"c for store and 21®
23c per dozen for ranch. Eastern — Cold storage.
15517V4C.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned. Navels
running from 96 to 126 brought $2 50^2 65. those
rangtng from 150 to 216 brought $J. a3'32 10. and
Standards sold at $1 l'Til 35. Mandarin sold
at Eo@7oc In half and 30c in quarter boxes. The
market is now well supplied with fancy Navels,
and the need Is for choice Standards.
There Is no change In other fruits.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— 3S#fisc per box for common. 7»Q$l
for good. $1 25tQl 50 for choice.
BERRIES— Cape Cod Cranberries. $4®7; Coos
Bay Cranberries, $1 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 75<52 63
per box: Seedlings. 75cfT$l 25; Pomelos. $I®3:
Lemons, $I@l 50 for common and $2g3 for good
to choice: Mexican Limes. $1 50^5: California
Limes. 25<535c: Bananas. $1 75®3 per bunch:
Pineapples. $3 50g4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4%c for
40-50*8. 4g4V4c for 50-60's. B%c for 60-70's. 3Hc
for 70-80' s. 3c for 80-90' s and 2*4 c for 90-100" 3.
Apricots. ll@l3e for Royals, 12%@16c for Moor
parks and 12ffl4c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5%0
6c for Standards. 6%®6*;c for choice and 7®Sc
for fancy: Peeled Peaches. 12%@15c; Evaporated
Apples, t%S?fce: Sun-dried. 5@5%c per lb; Nec
tarines, S@9c; Pears, 6@7%c for quarters and
8® 10c for halves: Black Figs. 2%®3%c; White
Figs 4©sc; Bleached Plums, B@9c; Unbleached
Plums 7@7%c f..r pitted and l%c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb 10c: choice. 9c: standard. 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice, 7%c; standard. 6%c;
prime 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
io-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5%c;
$-crown 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50: Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. tQlOc; Walnuts. B®9c for
standards and 9@loe for softshell; Almonds,
11%6'12c for paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and *Q
5c for hard shell; Peanuts, s\@6 : *ie for Eastern
and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%®Sc; Fil
berts 12#12Vlc; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
'*HONET- Comb, U%@l2c for bright and 10%©
lie for light amber; water white extracted. 8c;
light amber extracted. 7%®7%c; dark, s%©«c
P< BEESWAX-24526c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues stiff, in sympathy with
the Western centers, and Hams and Bacon are
likely to advance any .day.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9\o per lb for
heavy, 10c for light medium, lie for light,
12c for extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Califor
nia Hams, nominal: Mess Beef. $12 per bbl;
extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork,
$14 SO; extra clear, $17; Mess, $16; smoked Beef.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@7c per lb for
compound and Sc for pure; naif-barrels, pure.
S>-ic- 10-lb tins. B*ic; 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands selt
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. ll%e: medium, lie; light. 10% c: Cow
hides, lie: Stacs. 7%c; Salted Kip. 10% c; Calf,
lie; Dry Hides, _ sound, 13©19 c; culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 17c; Dry Calf.
ISQ2Oc; sheepskins, yearlings. 20@35c each; short
Wool. 33!tfC0c each; medium, 70(&;»0c; lone Wool.
$14J1 25 each;. Horse Hides, salt. $2 25® i 75 for
large and II for small; Colts, Kflc-
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 655% c per lb; No.
2, 2%54c: refined. 6%c; grease. 2%©3 c.
WOOL-
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains, 9@loc; South
ern. seiOc: Middle County. ll@13c; Humboldt
and Mendocino. 16<gl7c: Eastern Oregon. 13@16c;
Valley Oregon; lS@2oc: Northern Mountain,
free, 110 14 c; Northern Mountain, defective. 10®
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7@llc per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7©7i4c:' Wool
Bars, 2S@3oc.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel-
Uncton. $8; Southfield Wellington. 17 50; Seat
tle. $7: Bryant. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend.
$X Co-operative Wallsend. $3: Scotch. ;
Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 50 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13: Cannel. $11
per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and $17 in
tacks. ¦:¦-..:
Harrison's circular says:
"This week there have been two arrivals of
coal from Washington with 7500 tons; three
from British Columbia. 4631 tons; three from
Oregon. 1075 tons; two from Australia , 7234
tons; total. 20,520 tons. These deliveries are the
lightest for some time past and at a most ln
onDortune time, as the shortage Is declaring
Krbnrts of Lumber.
Experts of lumber from this port In ISM
were 22.6U.000 feet, valued at $6:0.112, against
12.073.0u0 feet at $433,155 in ISOS.
Coin Certificates.
The Government coin certificate* In circula
tion December 31 were aa follow.:
IS3S. 1599.
Gold 535.W.2Z9 $161,122,797
Silver »2.5n.»9$ 235,*M0,816
Treasury 54.W2.741 fc6.534.351
Total .$^2,474.W5 $643.097.»64
United States Treasurer Ellis H. Roberta re
ports the amount cf money oa band at the
close of December as follows:
Gold Coin $r5J.535.094
Gold bullion 144.476.933
Silver dollars 413.3:2.656
Small silver 2.992.400
Sliver bullion SO.BiS.GS3
, * '. . specie ..•••••••••••••••...••*. .#os*o,-0-, «oo
United States note* 28.411.631
Treasury notes of 1S&0 LtSS.DU
Gold certificates 23,721. 522
Silver certificates fi.423, 6J>s
Currency certificates 370.000
National bunk notes 4.275.. "5 i'
Minor coin, etc 317.38*
ilXposits in national banks 57.303.173
Miscellaneous 564.043
Total $1.045,006,C>41
There was an increase in December of $5,000.
000 in pold coin. J3.400.000 in gold bullion. $L
6U0.000 la silver dollars. $5,000,000 In deposits la
banks and a decrease of $5,W0.000 la miscel
laneous items.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. January I*-* P- m.
The foKcwinz are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, es compared with those of the same drtte
last season, and rainfalls in the last tweaty-
Xour hours;
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 33.20 17.66
K«-d Uluff ©.CO 14.77 13.11
bacramento 0.00 13.2* 7.85
San Francisco 0.00 14.3S 7.€7
Fresno COO 6.12 3.64
Independence 0.00 2.0S 1.15
6an Luis Obiepo 0.00 12.41 €.87
Los Angeles 0.00 4.57 2.H
Baa Diego 0.00 2.6 a 3.43
Yuma t'.OO 0.66 1.33
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£1 degrees; minimum, 43; mean, 4s.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over California, Ne
vada and Arizona. It has risen over Oregon
and Washington. Cloudy weather prevails at
mar.y places, with tule fog in the valleys. It
Js much warmer In the uplands than In the low
lands. In the vicinity of San Francieco the
eurface temperatures are about 10 degrees
lower than at elevated points.
No rain hat fallen on the Pacific slope.
Forecast made at fcan Francisco tor thirty
hours ending midnight. January 20. IWG:
For Northern California — Cloudy Saturday,
with fog In the valleys; light southerly chang
ing to fre*h northeasterly w;n<is.
For Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday; northeasterly winds.
For Nevada— Fair Saturday.
For Utah-Fair Saturday.
For Arizona— Fair in northern portion Satur
day; cloudy in southern portion.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sat
urday, with tog in the morning; light north
easterly wladfc. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
LONDON. Jan. 18. — The wool auction sales
were continued to-day with a good attendance.
The offerings ' numbered 9615 bales. There was
a better tone to the sales, attributed to a
sharp rise In top grades which were eagerly
sought by the continental buyers. The with
drawal of finest greasles stock, though ex
tensive, was less than yesterday. American
buyers secured a fair proportion of the best
combing greasy after keen competition with
the continent. Crossbred greasy In good con
dition was greatly favored by American buy
ers, who secured good lines of bright medium
and deep brown at easier terms.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $256,140,725; gold reserve,
$221. 584,200. J
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Jan. 19.— Clearings, $246,201; bal
ances, $E0.453.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 19.— There was a better
feeling In the Wheat markets In the East to
day, but the recovery was not sufficient to
greatly affect prices locally, and there Is no
brriness doing. Walla Walla, 50ft 51c; Blue
Stem. 52c; Valley, 49®50c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 19.— The Wheat market weak
ened considerably to-day and fell off a point.
Flour has also taken a drop. Wheat quota
tions: Blue Stem export, 52c; Club, 60% c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 19.— Consols,' 101%; silver,
27 f-16d; French rentes. IOOf 10c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes No.
1 standard California, 29s 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 2Rs; English country markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 19.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2d@6s 2%d; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French country
markets, dull; weather In England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 9-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Snot— No. 2 red Western winter,
dull. 5s B%d: No. 1 California. 6s 2d^6s 2%d;
No. 1 Northern spring, dull, 6s lOd. Futures,
ql CORN— Spot— American mixed new, steady. 3s
6-% d; American mixed old. steady, 3s 5%d. Fu
tures—Quiet: January. 3s 5%d; February, 3s
8
Exports of Salmon.
The National Cashbox.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦ ¦ . ¦ .
Exports of salmon from thl» port by sea In
1f 99 were 634.546 cases and 32.146 packages,
valued at j:,&46,oC'fi. against 703.350 cases and
J6.2tt) packages at $2.571,2>«0 in 1695.CHIEFS RAISED UP.
A Ceremony of the Improved Order of
Bed lien in Maennerbund Hall.
Maennerbund Hall, at Potrero avenue
and Twenty-fourth street, was crowded
Saturday night by people who met
to witness the public raising up of
the elected and appointed chiefs of White
Eagle, Awashate and Monadnock tribes of
the Improved Order of Red Men- also tho
chiefs of Matoka Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas of the same order.
The ceremony was conducted for the
tribes by Deputy Great Sachem A. Haus
mann and a staff of great chiefs and for
tha corinal by Deputy Great Pocahontaa
POSSIBLE CHANGES
IN NATIONAL GUARD
REAL ESTATE ACTIVE.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— Captain Wenk of
F Company, Fifth Infantry, N. G. C,
will probably resign from his position
as commander some lime next month.
He will thon have served ten years, and
will be c-ntitleO to a ten-year service
medal.
There are several candidates in the
field f r the prospective vacancy, among
them being Lieutenant Covalt, Lieuten
ant Bennett and Lieutenant Wethern.
Major Hayes of this city, who was re
cently made lieutenant colonel in the
new volunteers, has created another va
cancy in the staff which must soon be
filled. Among the candidates for the po
sition are Captain Simpson of G Com
pany, Alameda. and Captain Poulter of
A Company in this city.
THERE have been numerous rumors
of big deals In real estate circulat
ing on the street during the past
few days, but while they were jus
tified to a certain extent, none of
them have reached the point where the
deeds were passed. One rumor was to
the effect that a $200,000 sale of property
on Geary street had been consummated
by A. M. Speck & Co., but the report
was premature, a member of that firm
stating yesterday afternoon that the ne
gotiations were still In the air. Another
rumor of the sale of a piece of property
on Geary street, between Taylor and
Jones, to A. Aronson for $35,000 also lacks
eontlrmation. The property on the north
west corner of, Jackson and Octavia
streets is reported to have been sold for
$35,000, but tho names of the parties to the
transaction are not given. All things
considered, the condition of the market is
all that could be desired and brokers gen
erally are In high spirits.
Lyon & Hoag report the following re
cent sales, most of which were made dur
ing the last few days: Lot on the north
side of Page street, 111:3 feet west of Cen
tral avenue, 54x137:6, for $5400, on which
the purchaser will soon 'erect two modern
residences. Lot 25x85, on the south side
of Hermann street, 77:6 feet east of Ste
venson, with three-story building con
taining flats; price $5000. Lot on the
north sldo of Haight street, near Lyon.
40x137:6; price $3500. Lot on the southeast
corner of Point Lobos and Fortieth ave
nues, 104x275; price $3500. Lot on the south
side of Clement street, sixty feet east of
Twenty-sixth avenue, 25x100; price $600.
Lot on the west side of Ninth avenue, 125
feet north of R street, 25x120;" price $750.
Lot on the west line of Ninth avenue, 150
feet north of X street, 25x120; price $750.
Lot on northeast corner of Tenth avenue
and X street, 40x100. to Lieutenant E. E.
Benjamin; price $1500. Lot on the south
side of Clement street, 85 feet east of
Twenty-sixth avenue, 25x100; price $600.
Lot on tho west side of Ninth avenue, 175
feet north of X street, 25x120; price $750.
R. J. Pavert has sold the first of the new
houses «on Ninth avenue, between J and
X streets, to C. C. del Curo at the price
of $3000 before the first coat of plaster
was dry. He has started two more simi
lar houses this week. Lyon & Hoag also
effected tho sale.
Hooker & Lent have sold for J. IT.
Brunings to Mrs. Abraham Gartenlaub
the premises on the northwest corner of
Vallejo and Fillmore streets, lot 29:6x100,
and a new residence for $17,000; the house
at 224 Turk street, between Jones and
Leavenworth streets, with lot 23x137:6, for
Mrs. Cohen to F. L. Prltchard. for $11,000,
and three houses and lot 55x120, on the
south line of Ellis street, 82:6 feet east
of Octavia, for Louis Meyer to Mrs. Eliz
abeth Buckley, for $11,700. Lot 25x100, on
the west line of Scott street, 77 feet south
of Washington, for Mrs. Clara K. Sutro
to Josephine Cockrell, for $3375; a lot 25
by 137:6, on the south line of Oak street,
between Cole and Shrader. for Sophie
Federleln to P. F. Konhke, for $2500, and
a lot 25x120 and house, on the east line
of Sixth avenue, 209 feet north of D street,
for Horace G. Platt to Mrs. Mary E.
Johnson, for $1500. -'I "- ¦- '"'¦'' tl;'- :
G H. Umbsen & Co. have sold for Ed
ward B. limes to J. L. Haskell lot 59:6 x
135 on the north line of Pine street, 137:6
feet east of Taylor, Including fifteen flats
thereon, for $40,000. The same firm has
also Just closed the sale for Mrs. Pauline
Qousfn of the lot 47:6x137:6 feet on the east
side of Larkln street, 75 feet south of
O'Farrell, the Improvements consisting of
two 3-story buildings, with several smaller
structures in the rear. The entire prop
erty yields a rental of $200 per month. The
price paid was $25,000.
S. Kaufman, the shoe merchant, has
just bought the Holmes residence on the
south line of Sacramento street, east of
Baker, for $6500. A. J. Rich &Co. were
the brokers. - : : - !
P. Beamish has placed his holdings on
Van Ness avenue In the hands of Bald
win & Howell, tp be sold at auction on
January 25, 1900. The property is located
on the east line of Van Ness avenue, be
tween Lombard and Francisco streets,
comprising three 50-varas. Van Ness ave
nue and crossings are bltumlnlzed and
some elegant new houses have been go
ing up In that choice neighborhood of late.
That avenue is part of the city's new
boulevard system, and there Is no doubt
that intending buyers, speculators as well
as builders of homes, will avail them
selves of this opportunity, and all the lots
to be offered will find purchasers. It Is a
fact that very seldom such desirable lots
seek the auction room. Terms are easy
and Interest on deferred payments is only
6 per cent. Title is perfect and can be in
sured at the California Title and Trust
Insurance Company.
It Is expected that the new electric road
on Twenty-fourth street will be operated
on the Ist of next month. Cars will run
between Folsom and Rhode Island streets.
The Board of Public Works has decided
to close the roadway at the foot of Spear
street, which Is In such a condition as to
be dangerous to life and limb. Until the
repairs are made wagons will be obliged
to use Main street.
The new residence to be erected for Mrs
E.B. Crocker on the northwest corner of
Franklin and Clay streets will have a
frame superstructure resting on a foun
dation of pressed brick. The cost will be
about $22,C00.
The handsome new building that the
people of the . Richmond Congregational
Church have erected on the corner of Sev
enth avenue and Clement street will be
tary, Charles Wagner: financial secre
tary. W. Reed; treasurer, J. Danxweller;
sergeant at arms, P. O'Keefe; board of
directors, A. Wagner, W. Dunn, T.
Brady, A. Magulre, J. McGreevey, N.
Sweeney and C. Hadley; trustees, Charles
Phillips, William Benson and Ed Ralney;
finance committee, T. Crowley, V. Thorn
hill and W. Murry; delegates to the
Building Trades Council, George Keely,
E. J. Brandon, Ed Nolan and T. Crowley.
The McCarthy Company reports the
sale of the well-known Wilson oil prop
erty, which joins the Baptist College In
the new oil field of Los Angeles, to a
syndicate of Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco capitalists. The McCarthys are
also taking an interest in the property.
The purchasers Immediately incorporated
the Wilson Oil Company, with Mark L.
Gerstle as president, and will operate
the wells, which are considered the most
productive In the Los Angeles oil field,
and adjoin the Wellington, Parker. West
Lake and Clark & Bryan oil properties.
A limited amount of treasury stock will
be open for public subscription. Most of
the stock is taken by the purchasers.
The Contracting Plasterers' Association
has decided to take sub-contracts for
plastering after March 1, 1900, and no
tices of samo are being sent to all archi
tects and owners in San Francisco and
Alameda counties.
D. de Bernardi has contracted with
Frederick Bammann for the- erection of a
dwelling to cost $3039 50 on the south side
of San Antonio avenue, near Willow
street, in Alameda.
The Berkeley Odd Fellows' Lodge is
projecting extensive improvements In,
their hall In Stanford place in that town.
The building will be enlarged and raised
to three stories In height, besides being
thoroughly reno%'ated inside and out.
The State Savings Bank has contracted
with A. W. Smith for the erection of a
one and a half story frame dwelling on
Grove street line tract, Berkeley, at a
cost of $1475.
Addison Goodrich Is about to build two
five-room cottages In the Associates
tract. East Oakland. The cost will be
$2l;w.
Sarah H. Burns has awarded a contract
to Frederick Estz to build a two-story
frame residence on College avenue, near
Channlng way, Berkeley, to cost $150).
Eleven new building contracts were filed
for record during the past week, aggre
gating in value $118,000. They Include con
tracts by Frank H. "Woods with \V. F.
Wilson, F. \V. Kern, Vulcan Iron Works,
McGilvray Stone Company, Charles Dun
lop and Judson Manufacturing Company
for work to cost $43,451 on a six-story Iron
frame building on the north line of Geary
street, 120 feet east of Grant avenue; Inde
pendent Electric Light Company with J.
McCarthy for brick work to cost $46,000 on
a station building between Humboldt.
Twenty-third, Georgia streets, etc.; James
L. Flood with George Goodman for con
crete work, etc., to cost $12,533 on the
north line of Broadway, 137:6 feet west of
Buchanan street; Samuel J. Hendy with
John C. Cnldwell to erect a two-story
frame dwelling on the north line of Clay
strret. 207:6 feet west of Locust street, for
$7753; Independent Electric Light Company
with George Goodman for excavations and
concrete work to cost $1110 23 on the east
line of Eighth street, between Mission and
Minna, and with the same for concrete
work to cost $47*6 on the corner of Hum
boldt and Twenty-third streets; Hyman
Brothers Company with Shepard Bros,
and W. L. Holman for plumbing and ele
vator work to cost $3324 on a building on
the northwest corner of Stockton and
O'Farrell streets. The other contracts of
the week ranged In value from $1060 to
$2700.
The San Francisco savings banks, build
ing associations and private parties
loaned during the past week a total of
$1,309,695 upon local real estate, against
$385,275 for the previous week. The loans
of the savings banks amounted to $150,27b,
and were as follows: Hlbernta, $3S,S">O;
German. $47,350; San Francisco Savings
Union. $6975; Savings and L*>an, $371>0;
Humboldt. $10,500; Security. $17,500; Mu
tual, $GT>OO; French, $2900. and Columbus.
$.1000. The building associations loaned a
total of $2900. Among the miscella
neous loans was one of $1,000,000 from the
United States Mortgage and Trust Com
pany of New York on the Blythe prop
erty on Market street for four yeara at
7^ per cent; a loan of $75,000 from the
London and San Francisco Bank, Limit
ed, for one year at 6 per cent; a loan of
$24,000 from the German Savings and one
of $12,500 from the Security Savings, both
at 6^ per cent; one of $15,000 from W. W.
Kerr at a reserve rate. All the loans by
the Hlbernia and Mutual were at 6 per
cent, while most of the others by the sav
ings banks were at 6146 l 4 per cent. There
was a private loan of $5000 at 8 per cent.
Money is plentiful at all the savings
banks, despite the payment of the semi
annual dividends this month. The rataa
are nominally 6 to 7 per cent, but large
borrowers with satisfactory securities
need not pay over 6 per cent. Releases
for the week were $1,086,920, Including one
of $760,000 by the Hibernla Savings Bank
on the Baldwin Hotel site, and $30,000 on
another piece, and $51,000 by Israel Cohn.
For the previous week the releases were
$185,256.
MOONLIGHT DUCK
HUNT THAT MAY
COST HIS LIFE
Young Willie Norris
Fatally Shot.
Oakland Office San Francisco CaK
SOS Broadway. Jan. ID.
"William Xorris. the 12-year-old ward of
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf. was ac
cidentally shot shortly before 1 o'clock
DEBATERS FOR CORNOT
MEDAL FIRE SELECTED
There were 11,607 foreigners settled in
China in 1597.
GET THE GENUINE.
NATURAL APERIENT VATER.
For Disordered Stomach
For Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY IS UNQUESTIONED.
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
MUIJSiUIUSS .jsa household necessity.
the change from ordinary coffee to Pos-
tum Pood Coffee instantly, and the new
coffee will supply the demand for the
morning beverage and the work of re-
generation will begin in short order
One thing must be carefully looked
after, and that is to have the Postum
Food Coffee boiled long enough to
bring out the flavor and food elements
When prepared like ordinary coffee—
that is, by boiling a few moments or
no boiling at all, it will not furnish the
palatable beverage that it does when
about four heaping teaspoons to the
pint of water are used, and after beinc
on the stove long enough to come up
to a boiling bubble, it be allowed to re-
main boiling, slowly but steadily full
fifteen minutes after the first bubbling
Is noticed. In no other way can good
Postum Coffee be made, and it may be
depended upon when made in this man-
ner. Many use a high pot to prevent
its boiling over and stir it down from
time to time, in order to get the good
from all the material.
If the reader can use health as a
means for gaining wealth or fame and
for bringing about the state of physical
and mental peace and happiness that
comes from a perfectl- poised condi-
tion of health, he can well afford to
make this test and make It at once.
Postum is sold by all first-class grocers
everywhere. It Is in packages protect-
ed by the famous seal and trademark.
da >' to day and adds to the fixity of it.
The true and only safe plan is to
search for the cause and destroy It
then nature itself endeavors to set cu-
rative forces «t work, and if the dis-
ease has not gone too lonr, one may
expect a return of health. I* the reader
has any sort of physical aliment and
has been a user of coffee, let him ex-
periment on himself by leaving off the
coffee for a period, say of two weeks
or a month, and at the same time shift
over to the use of Postum Cereal Food
Coffee, and take careful notice of the
result.
Leaving off the coffee takes away the
cause of disease that is established
through the nervous system (when
such disease has been caused by the
use of coffee); the food elements con-
tained in Postum Food Coffee go In.
fitantly to work to replenish and re-
build the delicate gray substance found
in the nerve centers throughout the
body.
It is well to remember that perfect
health cannot be maintained when
even a slight portion of this delicate
substance Is destroyed or lacking In the
body. There is a true and scientific
reason for this statement which can be
easily proven by personal test. Many
people have been convinced of the fact
thnt coffee is a poison to them, but
have been unable to leave it off. Such
persons will find that they can make
Xr,t with all people, but with many,
particularly those that are highly or-
ganized— brain workers and their kind
—the subtle alkaloids contained In or-
tiinary coffee have a direct action upon
the delicate nerves of the stomach, and
by a pathological law the nervous sys-
tem is gradually and surely affected.
The result will show. ln a variety of
v.ays, such as headaches in some peo-
I*!e; in others, bowel complications; In
others, kidney trouble; in others,
smothering sensations about the heart;
!n others, dyspepsia and In many the
l»ower of the brain Is impaired.
One thinp is absolutely sure and In-
controvertible: When such people use
coffee, even In moderate quantities, for
••my extended time the Blight hurt to
the Fystfm, added to day by day, will
finally pile up an account that must be
•¦ettled, physically, and the injury will
generally locate and center In some one
of the organs of the body.
Different people will be affected dif-
ferently, but common sense should
loach that If you have any sort of dis-
ease or symptoms or disease you should
endeavor to locate the source and
cause of that disease. It Is not good
reasoning to apply drugs In an effort to
heal disease, and at the same time con-
tinue the use of some deleterious arti-
cle that not only caused the disease In
the beginning but maintains It from
FRED L. GRIFFITHS.
Past Sachem of Monadnock Tribe,
Miss Kate Benham. the deputy being also
assisted by great chief. There was first
the ceremony of kindling the council fire,
then the raising up of the chief, fol
lowed by the quenching of the tire with
much ceremony.
The elected chiefs are for White Eagle
Tribe: J. Relmuth. sachem; L. J. Fortro-,
prophet; G. Ward, senior sagamore; L.
Llnquest, Junior sagamore. For Awashate
Tribe: G. D. Kelley. sachem: William
Reid, prophet; John Lord, senior, and V.
IL Ritchie, junior sagamore. For Mo
nadnock Tribe: Joseph Robinson, sa
chem; Frederick L. Griffith, prophet; Wil
liam C. Rowley, senior, and James Mc»
Leon, Junior sagamore. For the council:
Mrs. R. Stock. Llllle Clang. Stella Gillog
ley and R. Phillips. At the close of tha
ceremony the retiring sachem of Monad
nock Tribe, who has been a most active
worker In building up the tribe, had a
mark of appreciation tendered him by
the tribe by Past Great Sachem Jame»
G. Smith In the shape of a beautiful em
blematic badge. There was also the pre
sentation of badges to Past Sachem L. J.
Fortro of White Eagle Tribe. Then fol
lowed dancing until midnight.
The following committees had charg©
of the affair: Arrangements — Henry
Trueb (chairman). J. Reinmuth. Fred L.
Griffiths. Joseph Robinson. E. Keeley. F.
D. Ritchie and \V. C. Rowley; reception-
Charles Abbott. Henry Trueb. Misa Stella
Gillogley, Miss LJllie Clancy. William
Reid. J. Leibfrled. Miss Kate Cunning
ham and Miss Kate Benham; floor man
ager, F. D. Ritchie; assistant. William
C. Rowley; floor committee— L. J. Fortro.
J. Reinmuth, Emll Lanquetln, H. S.
Thompson, James Hoar. J. F. O'Connor.
J. Hlnkel and Fred L. GriOtiu.
Stole a Sapphire Stud.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— Frank Norris. a
Portuguese gardener, has been convicted
of stealing a sapphire stud from W. M
Watson while trimming the lawn at the
latter's residence yesterday. He will be
sentenced to-morrow.
W. A. Dean Sued for Divorce.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— Minnie Agnes
Dean to-day filed suit for a divorce from
Wlllard A. Dean, alleging desertion as
the ground of her cause of action. The
parties were married about twelve years
ago and reside In Alameda. where they
are well known, the defendant being the
son of P. A. Dean, one of the oldest mer
chants in the Enclnal city.
Jeanie Walbridge's Estate.
OAKLAND. Jan. 19.— Public Adminis
trator B. C. Hawes has applied for letters
on the estate of Miss Jeanle M. Wal
brldge. the aged school teacher, who died
Intestate January 15. The estate consists
principally of $2300 on deposit In the Oak
land Bank of Savings. The residence of
heirs Is unknown. The application will
come on for hearing before Judge Greene,
January 29.
Suit to Recover a House.
OAKLAND. Jan. 19.— The trial of the
suit of A. L. Stone against Beugt Mag
nussen for the recovery of a house, ¦which
defendant Is alleged to have removed to
escape attachment, was commenced to
day before Judge Ellsworth. Prior to
this civil action Magnussen was tried
on a criminal charge of embezzling the
house. The trial on that occasion, which
proved decidedly humorous, resulted in
his acquittal.
____ POSTUM CEBEAL.
is «vvs*/wv
»
I Many Highly Organized
it
People
Are definitely and distinctively
Diseased by Coffee
§ Try a Personal Test on Yourself
M
"*** / • i
Knocked Off a Buggy.
L. B. Slbley, a street contractor, living
at 152 Linden avenue, was arrested yester
day by Policeman L. C. Clark and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of battery.
Grover Ruddick. a messenger boy living
at 28 Grove street, jumped on Slbley's
buggy as it was being driven along Mar
ket street and Slbley knocked him off by
striking him on the face with his elbow,
cutting his lip.
Happy Oakland Marriage.
OAKLAND, Jan. 13.— John M. L. Villa
and Emily J. Oliver, both of Oakland,
were married last Tuesday. The cere
mony was performed by Justice James G.
Quinn. After a delightful wedding trip
the happy couple will take up their resi
dence in this city.
BARNSTORMED IN VAIN.
Hardships of the University Glee
Club Related.
BERKELEY, Jan. 19.— The University
Glee Club executive committee this even
ing listened to the reports of their recent
disastrous trip north. Manager Franklin
presented his report, showing that ad
vertising matter failed to arrive- on time
and this caused poor crowds. He told
how the boys slept in day coaches and
lived on two meals a day and. then re
signed. E. W. Tully, one of the most
popular students in the college, was elect
ed manager for the coming term.
OAKLAND. Jan. ' 13.— A remarkable
s'-rips of revival services are running in
W>st Oakland at the Chester-street Meth
odist Church every evening. All of the
West Oakland churches— the Union-street
Presbyterian, the Chester-street Method
ist and the West Oakland Congregational
—have sunk denominational differences
and have united with the meetings that
"" in progress at the Methodist church.
These meetings are under the control of
\\ . R. Blair, a retired railroad conductor.
MAYOR WILL PRESIDE
AT BOER MASS-MEETING
OAKLAND. Jan. 19.— Mayor Snow has
signified his willingness to preside at the
Boer mass-meeting which will be held in
Oakland in a short time. He was invited
to do so by the. committee having the
matter in charge and to-day said he
would if he was in the city at the time.
"Am I in sympathy with the Boers?" he
remarked, in response to a question. "As
a citizen of a republic which won its free
dom on fields like Bunker Hill, Concord
and Ivexington 1 am In sympathy with
the Boers lighting for their rights."
The committee having charge of the
preliminary arrangements for the demon
stration will meet to-morrow night at
Giers Hall.
SOARES REPUDIATES
HIS DYING STATEMENT
OAKLAND. Jan. 19.— Joseph Anglus was
arraigned before Justice Sandholdt at
Ontprvilie to-day and his examination on
a charge of assaulting Jqhn Rogers
Soaxes with a deadly weapon with Intent
to murder has been set for January 27.
His nonds were fixed at $5000. He was
represented by Attorney Peter J. Crosby.
i»oares Is now rapidly recovering from*
the bullet wound inflicted on the night of
the fth inst. In front of the Anglus resi
dence near Centerville. He has repudiat
ed the statement he made when he be
lieved death impending, wherein he as
sorted that Annie Anglus "was his assail
ant. He is reported as having said to Jus
tice Sandhnldt that "the voice of his as
sailant on the night of the shooting did
not sound like that of a woman; that It
seemed to be the voice of a man trying to
Impersonate a woman, but that he would
be unable to Identify him."
YOUNG WILLIAM NORRIS
this morning and sustained injuries which
will most likely prove fatal.
The shooting was the, termination of a
moonlight duck huntirtgr trip, on which
young Norris had accompanied his uncle.
Richard Beadell. with whom he resides
at Fifth street and Bancroft way, Berke
ley.
The affair, from best accounts, occurred
on what is known as the Berkeley bulk
head. It appears that Beadell had shot
a duck off the bulkhead and handed his
double-barreled breech-loading gun to his
young nephew, while he himself started
to wade through the water to secure the
game. Young Norrls set the gun down
and rested his right arm over the muz
zle. It Is supposed that h© raised his foot
while watching his uncle, and, in some
manner, brushed against the trigger, dis
charging the loaded barrel.
The full charge of No. 8 shot took effect
In the boy's right arm above the elbow.
The report of" the shotgun and the boy's
agonized screams brought Beadell back
to the bulkhead, but before he could lend
any assistance young Norris had started
running toward his home, about two
blocks distant, at great speed. Exhausted
from pain and loss of blood the Injured
lad fell unconscious at the threshold.
Drs. Payne and Meyers were promptly
summoned, the wound was temporarily
dressed, and shortly before 2 o"clock this
morning the boy was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital by his grandmother, Mrs.
Sarah Beadell, and an aunt.
Dra, Porter and Rowe, the hospital
physicians, found that the tissues of the
arm above the elbow were lacerated, all
of the smaller and one of the largo
arteries were severed and the. bone was
exposed about three Inches. The doctors
said the arm would have to be amputated
and they entertained very slight hopes
of the boy being strong enough to under
go the operation successfully. His condi
tion to-day Is very weak and his temper
ature exceedingly high, while the danger
of blood poisoning 13 also Imminent.
The Injured boy's mother died four
years ago. Ilia father, however. Is liv
ing. Some years ago a distant relative.
a Mrs. Evoy, died and left young Norris
a handsome legacy. It was to protect his
interests that Congressman Metcalf was
appointed his guardian. Norrls attended
Columbus School at Berkeley.
WAS MABRIED TO A
THEATRICAL "TRAMP"
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— James Edward
Hnrrigan, one cf the best tramp Imperson
ators on the stage, and Miss Annie Belle
Rodgcrs of 1453 Leavenworth street, San
Francisco, were married last night at the
residence of Coroner H. B. Mehrmann In
the presence of a large number of friends.
Dr. C. E. t'urdts acted as best man and
Miss Freda Curdts acted as bridesmaid.
Little Miss Ele!eQ Mehrmann was maid of
honor, and the bride was given away by
John F. Trounson of San Francisco.
The groom is in the employ oC the
Orpheum circuit, and came out here from
the East to mimic the happy-go-lucky
vagabonds, whose residence is under their
headgear and whose regular diet consists
of cold hand-outs and stale steam beer.
With him be brought a letter of introduc
tion to Miss Etodsen from her brother-in
law. Fitzrov Tobln. who was his intimate
friend in Chicago. The young couple fell
in love at tirst sight and speedily became
engaged.
As Farrlgan will leave to till an engage
ment in Omaha noxt Monday he urgod an
immediate wedding. It was decided to
have the ceremony performed at the resi
dence of Dr. Mehrmann. who has been a
life-long friend of the young lady, and a
number of intimate acquaintances were
hastily invited. Justice Quinn. who has
known .ill concerned fur many ye^irs, of
ticiated.
The couple will go to Europe in May.
They will remain there for several month?
while Mr. Harrigan fulfills a number of
contracts which he has in London and
Paris. The bride is a sister of Mrs. Fitz
roy Tobin. the well known musical artist.
She has a host of friends in Oakland and
San Francisco.
WILL PRESENT
THE CENTURIES
IN TABLEAUS
Historical Spectacle
by Society.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
'9SO Broadway, Jan. 19.
The Women's Alliance of the Unitarian
church is arranging for a most elaborate
series of tableaus, which will be given at
J the Macdonough Theater some time dur
ing the latter part of April. They will be
participated in by over 500 prominent so
ciety people of Oakland. The carnival will
take the form of a "procession of centu
ries," and the leading historical events of
the world since the commencement of the
Christian era will be portrayed.
The costumes and scenic surroundings
will all be historically correct, and for this
reason the ladles expect the affair to have
a great educational value. It will take
two nights to present the tableaus com
pletely, and the affair will be the most
pleasing event of Its kind since the famous
Dickens and Shakespeare carnivals of
years ago.
Several of the professors of the histori
cal department of the State University
have agreed to assist in arranging the
scenes so as to have them conform with
the times which they will represent. In
addition to the tableaus there will prob
ably be a number of dances typical of the
terpsichorean customs of different periods
of ancient times.
"The affair will be unique and Instruc
tive," said Mrs. G. W. Bunnell, president
of the Women's Alliance and. also of the
Oakland Club, "and we all feel confident
that it will be a thorough success In every
way. There will be fully 500 people tak
ing part, and the entertainment will be a
most pleasing one. While the alliance has
charge of the affair it will be assisted by
a great many other prominent ladles, and
the participants will come generally from
the members of Oakland society."
Among the ladies belonging to the com
mittee of the alliance in charge of the
preliminary arrangements are Mrs. G. W.
Bunnell, Mrs. J. R. Farrell, Mrs. A. B.
Nye. Mrs. E. A. Kluegel, Mrs. A. Harri
son, Mrs. George Rodolph. Mrs. Charles
D. Olney, Mrs. 11. E. Wise and Mrs. E.
B. Stone.
formally opened to-morrow afternoon at
3 o'clock.
J. E. dv Ruyter, the broker, is having
plans prepared by Architect Van Tree for
an elegant residence to be erected on the
southeast corner of Broadway and Baker
streets, which site commands an unob
structed view of the bay.
The Parrott estate has Incorporated
with a capital stock of $112,0)0. although
the Parrott holdings of realty are worth
many millions. The corporation's object
is to manage the estate left by John Par
rott, deceased, and the property of Mra.
Abby M. Parrott.
It Is reported that the board of directors
of the liebrew Home for the Aged at 507
Lombard street will acquire the adjoining
property and build a $2500 addition to the
present building.
The Grove-street Theater has been
leased by the Western Amusement Com
pany, and Improvements to the value of
$5000 will be made at once, so that the
theater may soon be ready for opening.
The new building to be erected by Al
vlnza Hay ward on the northeast corner
of Montgomery and California streets will
be 145 feet in height and will cost fully
$400,000. It will contain 250 offices. There
will be three electric elevators and the
stairways will be of Iron and marble. On
Montgomery street the building will have
a frontage of 93 feet and on California
street STVi feet. White granite will be the
material for the two lower stories. ¦ The
upper stories will be of pressed brick and
terra cotta or sandstone. A large mass
of steel will be put into the foundation,
and the structure will have the usual
modern steel frame.
The heirs of the late W. P. Goad have
Incorporated the Goad hand Company,
with a capital stock of $10,000, all of
which has been subscribed. The corpora
tion Is formed for the purposes of hand
ling the real estate now In possession of
the several lncorporatoxs.
William Glselman Is building a dwelling
on rhe north side of Golden Gate avenue,
between Devisadero and Broderlck
streets, to cost $5200.
The property owners on Nineteenth av
enue, between I and J streets, are very
much dissatisfied with the Intermediate
grade In this block, and for which they
say there was no "necessity whatsoever.
As the city owns quite a strip on Nine
teenth avenue, between I ami J streets,
for a school site. It will be an easy mat
ter to obtain the consent of the authori
ties to have the intermediate grade
abolished.
Eighteenth avenue, between H and I
streets. In Sunset district, south of Golden
Gate Park, has been finished and the
grading and macadamizing are completed,
and the avenue presents n most Inviting
appearance, proving how little Is required
by property owners to make their realty
attractive and salable.
The Nineteenth-avenue Boulevard Im
provement Club has just awarded a con
tract to Engineer J. Jackson for the
planting of bunch grass along the line of
the boulevard, in order to protect the
d £iv V £ wa £ from dotting sands. Nearly
$600 has been collected so far for this pur
pose.
The Eureka Valley and Park Lane
Tract Improvement Club has petitioned
the Board of Education requesting that
an eight-class schoolhouse be erected for
the accommodation of the children of the
district.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. are preparing
the catalogue of another regular auction
sale of city real estate to be held on Tues
day* February 6.
The erection of twelve flats In four
separate buildings on the north line of
Ellis street, between Gough and Octavia
streets, has been commenced by William
Wolf. The cost will be about $30,000.
The Sunset District Improvement Club
has installed the following officers for
the ensuing term: President, Daniel Col
lins; vice president. Philip J. Diez; treas
urer, John Winters; financial secretary,
W. A. Hoyt; recording secretary. L.
Tichner; marshal. R. Cullen; executive
committee, Richard Keller, Daniel Col
lins, P. Furlong, W. W. Allen and J. A.
Rutherford.
The San Francisco Bricklayers' Union,
whose affairs are In a prosperous condi
tion, has installed the following officers
for 1900: President. E. J. Brandon; vice
president, George Keely; recording secre-
who has given himself up to evangelistic
work.
The meetings began on January 1 and
nave been getting larger every evening.
The members of aU the churches in that
section are greatly interested In the work
nnd are uniting with the three pastors.
On Sunday all of the West Oakland
churches will abandon their, evening meet-
Ings and will unite in one grand rally at
the Chester-street church.
ORGANIZING TO
HELP OAKLAND'S
BIG BOND ISSUE
Citizens Take the Mat
ter in Hand.
Oakland Offloe s^&n Franclpco Call,
!WS Broadway. Jan. 19.
The preliminary steps have been tak^ti j
t.->w;ird a pcncral organization of the cit
izt*r.< of Oakland to advance the interests j
<?T ;h<i propos'-d bond Issue. The tirst i
Eteps wore taken by some of the most I
prominent a*",d wealthy gentlemen in Oak- >
3:ind ar.d had their origin In the very sec
tion that has been said to be opposed to j
taxes — the aristocratic Fifth Ward.
The meeting was hc'.d at the residence j
< f Captain Edwin Goodall on Jackson |
Ftreot. It had been called with the enm
ri'in consent of many of the leading men
ll y .\ the city and invitations were sent to
the following, most' of whom were pres
ent:
John A. Britton. \V. H. Chlckr-ring. j
."John L,. Howard. 11. F. Gordon, F. M. '
Kjnith. J. IV. Nelson. Ira Uishop. C S. ;
l«ooth, J. I. Taylorll R. H. Chamberlain.
O. A. Chfchcpter, T. C. Coogan, Edward !
M. Walsh, H. A. Powell. F. U Brown.
John Yule. «;onreo E. Kairehild. E. A.
Heron. <"ary Howard. John D. Isaacs, A. '
B. Mardonald. F. S. Stratton. W. V.
Witcber. C. H. Redlnjrton, George C. Ed
wards. Dr. N. K. Foster. S. P. Hall, j
James Moffitt, W. Frank Pierce and A. |
& hilling.
-The meeting was very representative of '
the best interests of Oakland. There were j
p^ntlemen from all sections, even from !
the newly annexed district. There were
mm in political life, lawyers, business
mm and all with large interests In Oak-
Tlio first proposition made was to organ- I
ie»- in the interests of a bond issue for !
public improvements. This was don<» by !
• '• "T!>-.c Senator Frederick S. Stratton as !
rhalrman and H. F. Gordon as secretary, j
I'ut with the understanding that this was i
only .•< temporary organization until a j
larger number could br> Interested in the |
movrmpnt. A committee was then ap- '
j'-ir.trd consisting of F. P. Stratton. John '
A. Britton. H. F. Gordon and \V. V. Wit- i
oher to prepare a lift of one hundred j
j;ames of those that will be Invited to I
Tj'.ke part In a public merting to be ho!d t
Mmrtly. when a complete organization will j
be made.
• Th*> evening was spent in an informal
discussion of thf general bond question,
•which developed one fact— that every man
In the ror.m was In favor of bonds, though
Ibejr might differ upon the relative im- I
portnnce of the different projects.
The gentleman agreed that a thorough
ly representative organization of citizen*
should be hud and that this should on- '
c>avor to assist the Council in formulat- !
irq a satisfactory bond proposition, and j
that wh.n such a proposition was agreed j
Cpoo th»=y should become a campaign com- j
mittf«- in favor of the proposition before i
trif> prop!^.
This is by far tlif most important move I
that has been made since Mayor Snow I
tirst advoratt-d the bonding proposition. It '
rtioans that a strong organization will I
lake hold of the plan to improve Oakland !
.•¦r:d that it will sp^nd time and money to i
do somtthing for the city.
-
RAILROAD EVANGELIST
STORMS WEST OAKLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900.
BERKELEY, Jan. 19.— At the Carnot debate finals last night the question,
given out a few hours before the contestants were to speak, was: "Re
solvrd, that any Increase In the legislative power of the President of
the French republic Is- fraught with danger." Of the nine men taking
part the following were chosen to represent the university in the contest
with Stanford: \V. M. Martin, '00; F. E. Borton. '00 law; W. B. Greeley. '01
All on the negative side.
The Carnot debate will be held In Berkeley on the evening of February
9. Of the five contests already held the University of California has won
four.
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
9SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
EUSTNTPS OFFICE of the Pan Francioeo
<-al\. comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock even* r.ight !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery street.
comer Clay; ojien ur.tll S:3O p. m.
"'0 Hays street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
t39 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
fl. r . Lnrkin street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
1541 Missicn Ftreet; open until 10 p. in.
tXI Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cnttl 9 ». tn.
3C€ Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. tn.
12T3 Pc,'.k etreet; cren tntil 9 r. m.
Xcrthwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky t-tretts; open unt'.l S p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
THE Christian Catholic Church, John Alex.
IDowie, Bcnera! overseer — Will hold services at
Union Square Free Baptist Church, 1227 Bush
rt.. near Larkin. Lord's Jay. January 21. at
2 j). m. Teaching on divine healing, followed
by Triune iTnineri"lcn: candidates bring robes;
bring Bibles; tell friends. Conducted by
Kldt-re Wilhide and Viking.
UEBTOfC NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 133, F. and A- •
il.— Officers and members are request- _»V_
td to attend the fun*ral of Brother jTjXf
¦WILLIAM SANS STANLEY, -late of /V>
rytnagortan Lodge No. 79 of Greenwich.
Kngland. c.n SUNDAY, the *2!st inst., at 1:30
p. m., at Masonic Temple. By order of the
W. 11. H. FOnTKEIDE. Sec.
"LANP. Life and Labor." lecture by ISAAC
JSELBY. on SATURDAY EVENING, at 8
p. m.. at the Y. M. C. A.; admission free;
collection.
I'liK annual meeting of the membership of the
Workmen's Guarantee Fund Association will
take place at its office, roo:n 63. Flood build-
Ing. TUESDAY EVENING. .Tan. 30. at 7:30
o'clock. H. G. PRINCE. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
Iceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. F. Cowdery, —1 the Lucky
Point mine, near St. Louis.- Sierra Co.. to de-
posit tailings in a worked-out pit; from Chas.
P. Dlesern. in the Riffle Point claim, at Grass
Flat. Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings in Grass
Flat Kavine; from Morris J. William*, in the
Weeds Point mine, near Carr.i'tonville. Yut>a
Co., to deposit tailings in a ravine, and from
K. A. Moody, in the lr.tkir placer mine, at
Oc'.d Run, Placer Co., to deposit tailings In
Fqulres Kavine. gives notice that a meetkir
§*-Ul be held at room IS. Flood buildinc. San
Francisco. Cal.. en January 2». 1M». at I:3J
ANNUAL meeting.— The postponed annual
meeting Cf the stockholders of the KILAUEA
fVGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be
held at the oflice of the company. No. 327
Market rti-eet, Fan Francisco. California, on
THURSDAY, the :,"'h day cf January. 1906.
e'. the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board ot directors to serve
Jor the ent'Jlng year, end the transaction of
t >¦. ether business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books ¦will close en Satur-
day. January 13. 1900. at 12 o'clock m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meetir.g — The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the OCEANIC STEAM-
FHIP COMPANY will be held at the office of
§the company. £27 Market st., San Francisco,
Cal.. en MONDAY, the 2Cd day of January,
1900. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
eerve lor the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of euch other business es may come be-
fore the meetlnr. Transfer books will close
on FRIDAY, January 12. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ETCCKHOLDEKS' meeting— The annual meet-
Ins of the stockholders of the UNION IRON
¦WORKS »-l!l >c held at the office of th* com-
»»ry. 2t" Market st.. Pan Francisco, on TUES-
DAY. January 13. ir«00. at 11 :30 o'clock a. in.,
lor the purpose of elertlr.g a board of directors
to eerve for the ensuing year and for the
transaction of euch other business as may
ccnac be fere the meetine.
J. 08. GUNK. Secretary.
Office. 122 Market et.. San Francisco. C*l.
January !). ISOO.
BORROW on diamonds; secrecy; private en-
trance: r>r)vnT» rms. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. A. MASEBT of Erypt. greatest astrolo-
giFt nnd palmist In the world: satisfaction
jrvmranteefi. 437 Golden Oate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; dlvor'-e law a rpecialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9C7 Market ft., opp. Mason.
F. H. UERZBACH. attorney at law. has re-
turned practice at TiCS Cal. st.. Clunie bldg.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
krt Ft.: consultation free; n-> fee* In advance.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEIT^FAIRMbrNT. 1711 Market— Elegant
new furniture; first-class in every respect:
table unsurpassed; hot and cold water: ele-
vator: suites, with board for 2. JiO month up.
NEW family hotel; first-class fn all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special inducements to
eelect people. ?dT California eU. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.-
THE Ncrmandie. "16 Eddy— Sunny rultes and
dnsle rooms; house completely renovated;
new carpets: new furniture; excellent table;
new management.
¦"P-nLGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay— Sun-
ny suites; best board: 2. JSO up: single. 122 50.
HAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms with board; terms
reasonable.
LAS PALMAS. IR2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr.s.; private; bath: fin. nn<i: board optional.
OTAHRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
rood home cooking; special rates to gents.
SUNNY corner rooms, with board, in refined
private family. 101 Tel! st.. cor. Ma«onlc aye.
BORROW en piano*. furniture, diamonds.
raintlrpF; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pap-os. sent to any address in the
Vrlted Pta-er. p^'pald, for M T>er year.
ROARD ASD ROOMS WANTED.
ANY amount to loan you on diamonds; low ln-
tercst. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
1 OR I children to board; $10 per month each
CC4 McAllirter rt.
LADT would like to take care of a child; goofl
home. Address CO3 Minna et.
TO Ivwird— An infant or urnill child; $10 per
north, rift Lexington aye.
HOOKS NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL DOGKS bought' and exchanged.
HoHnea n^:k Co.. 704 Mission st.. near Third.
____JBOjOT^AM)j»HOE DARGAINS.
BOYS' strong chocs. 75c; boys' fine shoes, Jl; in-
fants' chocs. 35c: children's shoes. SOc up; la-
<lie»' shoes. SI: men's boots, Fpecial, Jl 75. Peo-
p'e't t-hoe Store. I3fi3 Stockton, nr. Hroadway.
klsim:ss ciia.nces.
A— 5350; DAIRY produce and delicacy store
with 3 living rooms; rent 112: a gcxxl-paying
business. Inquire It. G. WILKE. S(W Market.
A— I4OO— PARTNER wanted in establ. butchor-
ehop; owner want* ht>n<-«t assistant: knowl-
edge of business not necessary. R. G. WILKE
»:< Market et. , •
A— J3."*— PARTNER wanted in chop and coffee
Bhouse;8 house; lively country town; place clearing W0
for each partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 9u6
Market Et. "^
A— toOO— Corner i-iloon: 11 furnished rooms; rent
{40. R. G. WILKE. SCS Market St.
A— Il?uO-ELEGANTLY fitted up saloon on
be« transfer corner of this city; low rent-
bebt class of custom; place first-class pay-
ing, owner to attend to his ranch cause of
nele. Call R. G. WILKE. bO6 Market St.
A-Jl.-.00; hALOON on Market St., close to Sev-
enth; rert net $S0; tplendidly paying place;
other «-ryracements taute of sale. R. G.
WILKE. frO6 Market Et.
A— J5-SO— BAKERY neaT McAllister St.; estab-
11 shed years; all Ft ore trade; large stock;
P^tf Ll:'L I: ' 4 year *' lease; 1^ barrels per day.
Call R. G. WILKE. >06 Market Bt.
A— lM>; GROCERY In Oakland, with horse and
wa^o-i: rent fl»; a good paying business; all
frcch »tock. Call R. Q. Wllke, 906 Market.
A— J4OO; DELICACY rtore and branch bakery;
on Larkin ft.; rent tli; good paying business;
Tine place for 2 la -lien or man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A SACRIFICE ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS
I 7" i iir t:u£inrss re «il'ts $40 dally; net profit
of ZZ.V a inor.th ; a give sway for $12M; trial
given. ?-REDO & CO.. 224 Geary st.
$1750— HOTEL: » rooms; good bar trade.*
JCOO— Partner: transfer and storage; money se-
cured; rare chance. KRLDO Iz CO.. 31; Geary.
J4OO-RKJ'X^URANT; $40 dally; Jlffl; coffee par-
lor. KRKDO & CO.. Z2-* Geary St.. room 29.
$75— BRANCH bakery and stationery; don't miss
th!?; 2 rooms. KREDO & CO.. 22>4 Qeary st.
A— FINE opportunity to secure the State rights
of new natent required on every ranch; wih
save largp amount of labor and do the work
better than *ny other known; model to be
cetn at PTENUERG CO.'S. 26»4 Kearny et.
A-SGO— CORNER ealoon; splendid location;
among factories; hot lunch; more than value
tn Eight: sacrifice on account of other busl-
ncss. 6TEXBERG & CO.. 26^ Kearny St.
92 BJ SES croccr v; ?"H stock; sickness cause.
See COWING & CO.. 1130 Market ft.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tinned.
A— s2oo; HOME restaurant in Alameda; big
trade: fixtures cost more than asked; sick-
ness. GALE & BENSON. 320 Parrott Mdg.
HOME kitchen and delicatessen; clears $6 dally:
sacrificed because of sickness; genuine snap.
GALE & BENSON. 320 Parrott building.
SPECIAL forced sale— Halrdressing and dress-
making parlor; old estab.: central; any offer
considered. Gale & Benson, 320 Parrott bldg.
DAINTY little home restaurant: central; good
business; 4 living-rooms; sickness forces sale;
enap. OALE & BENSON. 320 Parrott bldg.
$SSO— STATIONERY, notion, cigar and variety
etore: b«Ft location In city; living-rooms; sick-
ness cause of sale. CITY BUSINESS EX-
CHANGE. 79 Third st.
$175— GROCERY "and bar: living-rooms; good
location; bargain. CITY BUSINESS EX-
I CHANGE. 73 Third St.
$450— BRANCH bakery and variety store; bar-
gain; going to Europe cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market Bt.
$250— SALOON; bargain: this day: satisfactory
reason for selling. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
7774 Market ft.
BAKERY In town near San Francisco doing a
fine cash buslneFs; large stock; good fixtures;
horse and wagon; cheap rent: trial given;
great sacrifice. JONES & CO., 565 Market st.
A GOOD chance— Wine business doing a pay-
Ing business; only about $250 required. Apply
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt. .
1 $SS— FRUIT store: 3 living rooms : good business ;
central; cause, sickness. BASILK. 3 Eddy st.
CAPITAL wanted— l wish to embark in a
money- mfikir.K business; will invest $2000;
want JIO.oOO more; can use from $1000 up; ex-
pect to realize inside cf 6 months $10.0-10 for
tvery $3000 invested; desirable Investment
even" for ladles; investigation will satisfy tha
most skeptical; references exchanged. Call or
address 11. J. BARLOW, room 131, Grand
I Hotel.
I A RARE opportunity for small investors— For a
! limited time stock in a reliable mlnine com-
f.any will be sold at 25 cents per share, pay-
able one cent per share per month. Address
I box 1229. Call office.
i $s<m— DELICACIES and dairy produce; value in
; Right; go«?d chnnce for man and wife to make
money; other business cause of sale. Box
less. Call office.
i DELICACY and oyster business for Fale; es-
j tahlished over 20 years; clearing over $100 per
month: centrally located; must retire on ac-
[ ocunt cf illness. Inquire at 1403 Stockton St.
FOR sale — Corner drus; store; cash or part cash,
balance on reasonable terms. A. F. BERNA-
liINE. Postoffice Station C.
j SUNNY corner lodging-house, 14 rooms, for ex-
j change for larger house. 1401 Powell st.
FOR sale — Butcher shop; established 14 years;
good location: cheap. Address box 1027. Call.
$"00— FRUIT and dairy produce store; good
horse and wagon. Address box 1016. Call.
DENTAL office: first-class: central location;
must be sold. MACDONALD. 6 Eddy St.
$3JO— PARTNER in saloon; will take part cash;
chance for steady man. 79 Third st.
$1750 CASH: corner grocery and bar; fine stock;
good location. Inquire 200 Hayes st.
HCOO
PARTNER WANTED
With experience to enlarge dry goods and
gent's furnishing business; running success-
fully for 30 years. Address 455 Seventh St.,
Oakland, Cal.
FOR sale — A neat fancy dry gocls and notion
store, together with the furniture of 3 rooms
complete; price moderate. 2»09 Fo'som st..
near Twenty-first, at once.
BOARDING-HOUSE and restaurant, doing fine
business, for aale; a bargain. Inquire MITCH-
ELL, lawyer, 354 Broadway. Oakland.
GROCERY and liquor store; 3 living rooms;
good location; good Tamil v trade. Apply 2C5
Third st.
WANTED— Restaurant outfit; will .pay 25 per
cent more than dealer. Apply 227 San Carlos
avenue.
A GOOD paying saloon; cause sickness; price
$175. 611 Mission et.
PARTNER wanted to help promote valuable
U. S. and Canadian patent. 1221 Green st.
PAPER route for sale; choice location; good in-
vestment. Box 1C24. Call office.
BRANCH bakery for sale; furniture, stock and
fixtures; chear. Apply 1174 Harrison st. -¦ '
j MEAT market clearing $200 per month: will be
' Fold cheap. Address box 1010, Call office.
i PLUMBING shop; well established. CCS East
j Twelfth St., East Oakland.
A ROUTE or. this paper for sale. Address box
6. Oakland Postofflce.
FOR sale — I have an Interest In a fine saloon
and commercial lunch house doing a splen-
did business; a rare chance for a man willing
to work, too much wurk for one man: this is
an honest proposition and full trial given to
the right parties: first-class reference re-
quired. Address box 234, Call office.
I FOR rent— To an vr>-to-date man with experi-
ence a furnished hotel and race track In
Eureka. Cal.; located on main traveled road
and geod chance to make a nice paying busi-
ness. Apply to J. G. LOVEREN. Eureka, Cal.
BADEN. South San Francisco; hotel for sale,
I with 40 steady boarders, with good prospects;
must be Fold on account of sickness. Inquire
! Grar.'l Hotel. Baden. South San Francisco.
FOR sale— A good paying bakery; cor. Ellis and
Webster tts. ; must be sold; account of slck-
1 nes-s of proprietor; price $200.
BARGAIN— A corner naloon and lunch house;
I go'>d location; must sell at once: good selling
I reason: no agents. 150 First st.. cor. Natoma.
CUSTOM Khoe business for sale: established
over 25 yeara. 4 Summer el., bet. California
and Pine.
$40— SHOE shop for Fale; established 3 years;
worth $100: sickness the cause of selllr.g. Cor-
ner Nineteenth and Castro sts.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; must be sold on
account of sickness. Call between 11 and 1.
12 Jackson st.
SALOON for sale cheap: good reason for sell-
ing; $115 cash; worth twice the amount. 340H
Third st.
BRANCH bakery and candy store at your price.
438 Third st.
OLD established wagon-making and horseshoe-
Ing business; 15 years present location; cheap
on account of death of owner. 22 Courtland
avenue. ? . -,;*-
ICO-ROOM house for *ale or exchange for lodg-
ing-house in Chicago or other business; no
agents. Box 2522. Call office.
PLUMBING 6hop. stock and shop tools In good
location. Box 4292. Call office.
$3500 CASH will purchase dry goods, notions
and bazaar store; established 10 years; brok-
ers need not answer. For interview address
B. C . Call office.
FOR rale — Grocery and saloon at a bargain; on
account of sickness. Inquire WITXEL &
BAKER. 314 Battery st.
EALOON, club, billiard room and cigar store;
investigate. 433 Fourth st.; no agents.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. Inquire at 712
Valencia ft.
$5000— A FIRST-CLASS family hotel; patronized
I by boat class of people: good paying business;
I celling on account of sickness. R., box 2577
Call office.
$7100— A FIRST-CLASS cloak anil dress suit
buElnesK. established 16 years. In one of the
beet county seat towns of this State; enly
reason for selling, want to retire and enjoy
life; will take part in exchange. Room 323
_Parrott bids.. San Francisco.
$2500— GROCERY business in one of the bent
country towns; fine modern store in center of
town: plenty of room to add general stock.
Inquire at 30 Lafayette St., city.
BEAUTIFUL tailor 6tore; must be sold at
cr.ee; fine business; rent only $7 a month-
party going away. Box 7142, Call office.
DRUG store: Park st. and Railroad aye., Ala-
meda; a paying business; below invoice; good
reasons; investigate.
$1550—19 ROOMS newly furnished: rent $75: $600
cash down, balance easy. Apply 743 Mission.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO. ... 412 Sacramento «t. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore ts.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 0 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS*.
NEW bakery or laundry wagon, 3-can mlllc
wagon. 2-seated spring wagon. 2 grocery or
delivery wagons. 22 Coutrland aye.
HACK, nearly new, and harness for sale cheap
Box £5. Call. Oakland.
FOR eale— Fi..»st Brewster Victoria, coupe and
family carriage. Inspect 1011 Sutter »t.
NEW and 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts and har-
ness, wk. & driving horses, ljth and Valencia.
ALL kinds pt wagons, buggies, carts,' harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON, 2117 Mlslon st.
100 SETS i>econ<s-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, yreyi and horses. 1140 Folsom «t.
CARPET nEATING AND CLEANING.
W ..EX you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. McQUEEN'S Californa Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON' S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating AVorks, 533 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
A— PROFESSOR MAY.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST
123 TURK ST.
He excites the wonder and admiration of the
most skeptical; gives advice on love, business
and domestic trouble; unites the separated and
restores lost affection: If In doubt, trouble or
adversity call on this gifted medium and he will
help you; mediums developed In from 3 to 6
months; letters containing three questions and
$1 answered: hours. 9 to 8; Sunday, 10 to t.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, 1104 Market St., trance,
test medium; life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the" celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes st.. room 7, second floor.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer,
830 Ellis ft.; circle Sun. and Wed, evenings.
CATHERINE DEAN, returned: scientific card
reader. 959 Howard St.. cor. Sixth, office 23.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. DU PREE. card reading; questions an-
ewered by mall; advice given. 28 7th, room 7.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 2.> c. 14S Sixth St., r. 12.
YOUR future toid by cards, 25c. 944 Howard
St.. 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life reader; readings, 25c.
ARRlVED— Scientific palmist and psychic: sat-
isiaction; readings this week 25c. 230 A Turk.
MUS. WEST returned to 1206 Market, parlor 31;
trance test medium: home evenings and Sun.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tinc? dally. 212£ Sixth fit.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
bantVs picture. 2.* c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
lcsg ruccegsful. Room 310. 927 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SHOTWELL, r.2s— Cottase of 5 rooms, bath,
stationary washtub. large collar and yard.
$6 — BAY window cottage. 5 rooms; water free.
Off Crescent aye.; Inquire 64 Silver St.. oft 3d.
FURNISHED COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED TO RENT— 6 or 7 room cottage
with western exposure; furnished; give full
particulars, price, etc. Box 1036. Call.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market ft., over Cafe Xinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 iO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full pet of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 ;>0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. » a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh — Crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. ICOI Market Et.. corner Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 K?arny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: S graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
DOG HOSPITAL.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
SUITS made on short notice. $3; skirts, 75c;
wrappers. $1. 273 Minna st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 306 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 357 Geary St.; drtksee
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School — Leading tsys-
tem; easy payments; evg. ciasFes. 103 Post.
ACCORDION pleating factory— All kinds pleat-
ing, pinkir.g. 121 Post, over O'Connor & MolTat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, Engilah
branches, civil, electrical and mining engl-
neering. etc ; new 80-page catalogue free.
A SCHOOL in physical culture and swimming
for young men, young ladles and boys; superb
gymnasium and hygienic bathing facilities;
salt v.-ater and swimming tank. Y. M. C. A
Mason and Ell's sts. "The wise for cure on
exercise depend."
800 X X EEPING — Neither time nor money
wasted; most thorough course on earth; rapid
calculations. Tarr. exp. account., Flood bldg.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Bt.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical mining
mech.. survey, assay, archl.; day nnd even.:
cat. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
AYRES' BuslnesH College. 723 Market st ; Fife
Bcholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
A-SINGING. piano, French, Spanish; Parisian
graduate; $2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 6; hr. 2.-S.
CLASSES in German, French, Spanish; $2 per
month. Add. Language Teacher, 904 Taylor.
CLASSES In German, French, Snanlsh; $2 per
month; appointments by mall. 904 Taylor st.
SECURE an experienced teacher. PROF*"
MERKI. lOCS Mission; violin, mandolin, guitar!
SHORTHAND tausht personally and by mail-
languages. Mlsb M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgyy.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage
Hallett. Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln st., opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught •
prlv. or class. Barker's Academy, 927 Mission!
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms-
thorough instruction. Studio 405 Geary, r. 17.'
EMPLOVBIENT OFFICES.
J A PAN^i"E^clllN^i~£rn7rTg^c7riuinnls
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 66.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
hen help. 414V6 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EJIPLOYMENT WASTE D — FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED board! ng-house~cool< desires
situation for the summer. Call or address
Saturday, and Sunday, MRS. P., 1 Fifth, r. 60!
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper In room-
ing house or take charge of house while owner
Is away; good references. Box 1015, Call.
REFINED young girl wishes genteel employ
ment or canvassing. Box 2504, Call office.
LADY barber wants position; short distance In
the country: state particulars. Box 1023, Call.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer ~who
fits exquisitely, desires work by the day in
families or at home. 1127 Ellis st.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse; would assist with light housework-
good reference. 618 O'Farrell st.
ENGLISHWOMAN, new arrival, requires daily
employment; good housekeeper and needle-
woman. 427% Bryant sC:--'.
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like washing
to take home. 137 Julian aye/
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid; city or country-
best references. 404 Post st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
COLORED flrst-clasa cook desires situation In
a private family; wages $25 to $30. Address 20
Lewis st. .:
FIRST-CLASS laundress would like several
family washings; will take home or come to
the house. Call or address 2554 Greenwich st.
AMERICAN lady desires a position as house-
keeper; a good cook. Address MRS. NOT-
SON. 1715 Park st.. Alameda.
2 GERMAN girls to take care of children and
assist. 3090 Twenty-fourth St., near Folsom.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation as work-
Ing housekeeper in sickness or as nurse. Ad-
dresa Sl5 Alabama st., near Twentieth.
BORROW money of the respectable and reiia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Graut aye.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes a posi-
tion In small family; plain cooking and light
housework. 121 Powell St.. room 29.
AN experienced dressmaker and designer de-
sires work by the day in families or at home;
fitting and satisfaction guaranteed. 1127 Ellis.
RESPECTABLE German lady wants to assist
in housework or housekeeping. Call from
10 to 4 at 549 Valencia st.
COMPETENT woman wants general house-
work; is a good cook and laundress. Apply
at 513 Ninth st., Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recelvi-d at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. O;
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Et.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open until 9 p. "m. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION wamed~by~a~flrst-class assayer,
amalgamator and cyanide man. Apply to
J. F. CUOSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
RELIABLE young man would like to represent
some good firm; has some experience; can
speak German; references. Box 4221, Call.
PLUMBER, strictly first-class, will work by
the day or week for property; has all neces-
sary tools; city or country. I* 0 * I(^ s . CalL
SOBER. Industrious man wishes employment as
choreman in private place; small wages, with
good home; references given. Box 2507, Call.
LAUNDRYMAN, experienced, reliable, desires
position: city or country. Address WM. C.
TITUS, 339 Bush St.. city.
JAPANESE housecleanlng boy wants situation
to work by the day or the hour. SASAKI. 521
Jessie st.
JAPANESE boy wants situation to do house-
work or schoolboy for cheap wages. KAMI.
Box 101 C. Call office. .-¦¦¦.:-/.
YOUNG man (25 years old) wants to learn bar
tending; good references. Box 2505, Call.
STATIONARY engineer or fireman, handy with
tools, desires work of any kind. Box 1009, Call.
POSITION in engine room by young man hav-
ing had two years' experience running trac-
tion and stationary engines. Address box 1025,
Call office. , 7
POSITION as bookkeeper, accountant, cashier,
business manager, ordinary clerk or all com-
bined; references unexceptionable. Address
box 4263, Call office.
POSlTlON— Engineer, fireman, blacksmith or
general machine man. Call or address W. S.
A., room 324, Winchester Hotel, S. F., Cal.
RELIABLE young man with experience desires
position as nurse; excellent references. Box
4246, Call office.
WANTED— By a young man, a situation in pri-
vate family; very best of references. Box
2503. Call office.
PRACTICAL ladies' tailor wishes position as
cutter and fitter; absolutely competent. Box
1021. Call office.
BARTENDER wants situation in the city;
middle aged; references. Box 100 S. Call office.
BORROW money on diamonds and watches;
low Interest. Uncle Harris. IS Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ami subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisf ments and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m. /^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. m.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician;
German eye water by. mall. 50c. 1071 V4 Market j
Ft.. Pan Frnnclsco: examination free. <
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER flat. 7 rooms, all Funny; formerly
occupied by a doctor. 417V4 'ihlrd st.
ELEGANT flat. 6 rooms and bath; large base-
ment. 715 Grove ,st.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; $18;
Seymour aye.. near Golden Uate aye. and
Scott st. Apply G. 11. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
Montgomery st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to lot
from BALDWIN A- HOWELL. 10 Montgon cry.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms. 210 Willow aye., above
Van Ness.
TWO flats; 4 rooms ench: 1 fiat furnished; 2
baths: 2 toilets; all necessaries. 1917 Geary.
BORROW money on diamonds and watchea;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay«.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath; nice location;
cheap. Apply 1463 O'Farrell St., near Bu-
chanan.
$6— TWO rooms and yard. 726 W. Harrison st.
bet. Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
$11 — No less: flat 4 rooms; folding doors* marble
mantle. 715 Tehama st.. near Eighth.
KKKK TO ALL.
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SAL&
ENAMELED Iron bedTteau^rTTPßlzesPK^oi
heavy matting, NY per yard: 30x50 inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway; open evenings.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Miss lon~st7!~pays
the highest prices for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red, 3353.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
AGENTS— To handle Coin's new book, "Moneyi
Trusts and Imperialism"; sells for 25c. Call
927 Market St., room 622.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
WANTED — Scandinavian housegirl, Berkeley
$30. Alameda $2r.. Oakland $25. Modesto $2tf.
San Mateo $20, St. Helena $25. Redwood CI&-
$25, San Jose $20, Belmont $20; German nurse,
$20, for Los Angelns; nurse, $20. San Rafael,
Alameda $15; parlormaid and waitress, $25: 5
second girls, $20; Scandinavian second girl,
$20; 2 cooks, plain wash, $30; 25 houseglrls, $20,
$25, city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WANTED— HoteI waitress. $20. Calistoga; hotel
waitress, $20, Berkeley; 4 restaurant wait-
resses, $5, $6 and $7 a week: chambermaid and
waitress, $20, Port Costa: waitress, $20, Menlo
Park; waitress, $20, San Mateo: head waitress.
$25, hotel, city; 2 restaurant cooks, $7 and $10
a week: lunch and dinner waitress, $4 CO a
week; j hotel waitresses $20, city. J. F. CRO-
SKTT & CO., 316 Sutter at. _^
WAITRESSES.. ATTENTION ..WAITRESSES
10 waitresses, Los Angeles, free fare $25
12 waitresses, Pasadena, special rates $20
2 waitresses. San Jose $20
Waitresses. Fresno. Corning, Salinas. Wat-
sonville, $20; waitresses. Woodland. Reno,
New. city. $20; cook, boarding-house, city,
$35; cook, Vallejo, $30; ironer. Woodland, $25;
lunch waitress. $3 50 week, no Sunday work.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— German or Swedish girl to assist In
kitchen and dining-room. 102 Bartlett at.,
corner Twenty-second.
OPERATORS on custom shirts: steady employ-
ment to first-class hands. 533 Valencia st.
WANTED— Woman to do housework; wages $20.
Box 1034, Call office. __^
FIRST-CLASS talloress and buttonhole makers;
steady work; good pay. Sl9 Post st.
YOUNG girl for llsht housework and care of
baby. 128 Bartlett st.
WANTED— Neat girl for housework. Apply
Alabama and Montcalm sts.
YOUNG girl for light housework; call fore-
noon;., references. Apply 2503 California st.
GIRLS looking for housework call at MRS. G.
D. SCOTT'S, 2143 Dwlght way. Berkeley.
GERMAN woman for general housework;
wages $20. Apply 961 Golden Gate aye.
SINGLE ladles- wishing to Join a social club
send address to MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st.
HELP WANTED— FE3IALE.
WANTED— A Japanese lady and girl In na-
tional costume to serve tea to all customers
In a Japanese tea house at TOWNSEND'S,
manufacturer of candles and glace fruits, 735
Market st. : : • .
WOMEN and girls on steam power sewing ma-
chines; experienced or Inexperienced. Shirt
Factory, 36V6 Fremont st. ; elevator.
WANTED— Experienced men's neckwear mak-
ers; also apprentices. L. SAMTER & SON,
61S Market st.
OPERATORS en waists and wrappers. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 18 First st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 1306 Stockton, near Broadway.
BORROW money on sealskins silverware; low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A BRANCH office lor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9* p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED — -MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAII?'eS4B
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
..WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
ENGINEERS MINERS.
hoisting engineer, large Mine Co $90
machine drill man $105
miller for country flour mill
Iron molder single hand miners
10 2-horse teamsters $45
10 4-horse teamsters $52
ranch hands and teamsters $26 and fd
orchard, vineyard hands and pruners, $20 & $25
milkers, $25 farmers and wives
stablemen choreboys
R. R. laborers. Lumber Co $20 and found
tie swampers, Lumber Co '.$3O and found
woodchoppers, 4 ft., and stove wood, $1* to $3
per cord; tiemakers. 10c to 15c each, tools
and provisions ¦ furnished.
MURRAY & READY,
624 and 636 Clay st.
COOK and wife for boarding-house of Mining
Co., $65 and found: call early.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
SECOND-HAND baker, $35 and found; washer!
country laundry, $30 and found; hotel and res-
taurant cooks. $36 to $45; waiters, $25; dish-
washers, etc.
MURRAY & READY.
_____^ 634 and 636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
hotel clerk, $50 and found: hotel chef, $100;
second and baker, $60; head restaurant cook,
$80; French waiter, country, $40; waiter, coun-
try hotel, $25
teamsters and laborers for the Coast Road,
free fare; E0 woodchoppers, SOc to $1 40 a cord; 10
ranc. teamsters, $25 and board; tinsmith. $2 50
a day; metal spinner. $2 50 to $3 a day; man
and wife, private place. $30 to $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
100 COAL miners for New Mexico; special rates
of fare. For full particulars see C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED
12 ranch teamsters for dlTerent counties, near
city. $25. $26 and board; 5 men handy with ax
to chop redwood, pine, shingle bolts and R. R.
ties at going prices for large company
cobbler to repair shoes for Institution, near
city. $20 per month, with board, lodging and
washing and increase, and 50 others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Stableman for country, $30 and
found; milker, $25; choreman, $20 to $25: ma-
chine blacksmith, $4 to $5 day; solicitors,
cooks, waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., C2B Sacramento st.
BARBER'S Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernnrd. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
AN experienced salesman to sell Key V.'est and
New York cigars; one acquainted with first-
class grocery and saloon trade preferred. Box
1030. Call office.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In 8 weeks:
day and evening class; special Inducement
this season: handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution in the
world teaching the barber and halrdresslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. Branches — San Francisco, New York,
St. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
MAN to take orders for silver plating; must
understand something about the business. Box
1011, Call office.
STEADY experienced man wanted In fruit
business. Apply at 930 Fillmore St., near Mc-
Allister.
GENTS to sell the famous scalp tonic that will
bring your scalp back to Its normal health.
252 Ellis st.
WANTED— 2 barbers from 4 to 10 o'clock p. m.
1205 Market st.
BARBER for Saturday and all day Sunday.
103 Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1322 Pow-
ell Et.
WANTED— Man for porter work; state salary
expected. Address box 1006, Call office.
WANTED— A competent salesman on delivery
wagon. Box 2506, Call ofnee.
BOY wanted: about 12 years of age. Room 32,
Flood buildlnr.
DISHWASHER wanted at 108 Hayes st.; call
early.
WANTED— Picture frame fitter and mat cut-
¦ ter. 427 Montgomery st.
YOUNG boy, 17 to 21, to work In grocery store,
Greenwich and Pierce.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. CC2 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
BARBER shoo for sale cheap: center of city.
Inquire 630 Market st., or Call office.
WANTED— A strictly first-class gents' furnish-
ing goods salesman; one competent to take
full charge of a department. Apply to-day
from 2 to 3 p. m. at 523 Market St., room 7.
WANTED — A first-class carpet salesman. Ap-
ply at 523 Market St.. room 7, between 2 and
3 n. m.
WANTED — Good barber, sober, steady; wages
$12 and half over $20. H. E. JOHNSON, San
Luis OblsDO, Cal.
JEWELERS. 323 Bush st., room 4. third fioor.
OPERATORS, tailors and pressers on ladles'
cloaks. P. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 731 Market.
BORROW money of the resDectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GET your shoes half-soled while watting: 25c to
SOc. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
WANTED — 100 men to try our 15c breakfast,
dlnnerVor supper; best In city. 406 McAllister.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade; day
and evening classes.. Expert Instruction at
S. F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, Cth and Howard; read. rm.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third nt.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advert)sements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscrlDtlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open till 9 p.m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established nt the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open till 9 p. m. .
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draught and driving horses at
1621 and 1625 Market St., ' bet. Twelfth and
Brady; also rome fine matched black teams.
100 HEAD mares and geldings; 4. 2. 10 years
old;. 10CO to 1400 lbs.; $40 to $100: mostly all
broke.. At the Canty Ranch, Grayson. Cal.
FOR sale — Cheap, brown team. 16V4; 10 years
old. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. aye.
11 0 L' 5> ES— LO UGI N G FO U SALE.
109-ROOM house; corner; clears $300 $2500
10 rooms; on O'Farrell st ...; 325
-10 rooms on Taylor; worth $800 450
22 rooms: corner; clears $150 1600
10-room flat; clears $150 600
I WILL SELL YOU EITHER HOUSE IN
PAYMENTS.
Paying house; clears $150. ...23 rooms $850
Downtown; rent $25 21 rooms 325
New flat: rent $14 8 rooms 250
Market St.: rent $75 26 rooms. 850
Corner; only $300 cash 16 rooms 800
Clearing $100; rent $."0 26 rooms 550
Boarding; corner house.. 32 rooms 2000
Hotel nnd bar; 65 boarders. .69 rooms 400
liX) other houses, 3 to 500 rooms; $50 t0.. .10,000
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU IN TERMS.
PRICE AND LOCATION. MONEY TO LOAN
ON ANY HOUSE. TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 10SO Market, opp. sth st..
NEATLY furnished house; 7 rooms and bath:
sunny side of street; nice neighborhood; $50.
1614 Golden Gate aye, bet. Scott and Devisa-
dcro sts.
HOUSES LODGING To Let.
13 ROOMS; income $500 $2003
63 rooms; cheap rent ISOO
17 rooms; good transient 450
28 rooms; good transient 10GO
13 rooms: good furniture 425
GALE & BENSON. 320. Parrott bldg.
37-ROOM house; central location; clears $150
per month: any reasonable offer considered.
OALE & BENSON. 220 Parrott building.
PRIVATE rooming house; 9 rooms, nicely fur-
nished; 7 rooms rented; paying $15 above rent:
no reasonable offer refused; rent $25. 1223
Folsom st. '• * ;<"; < "
ROOM suitable for 1 or 2 in exchange for
assisting boy evenings with studies. 1723 ' i
Mission st.
HOUSE of 32 rooms, all taken: .very reason-
able. 704 Howard st.. corner Third.
HOUSE, 8 rooms; bath: carpets; large lawn;
fine view; see it. 3932 Twenty-fourth si.
LODGING-HOUSE: 123 Third St.; 18 sunny
rooms; Drice J20O; rent $45.
ROOMING house; 10 rooms: furniture for Bale
reasonable: call at 1 p. m. 130>^ Ninth st.
SIX rooms and bnth; bringing In more than
rent; bargain. 33S Turk st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
IN the warm belt of the Mission, house of 7
rooms and bath; rent cheap. 2021 Howard st.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgom-
ery st.
TO let — Furnished or unfurnished; modern
house of 10 rooms, with stable tn rear; Sl7
Union st. Inquire A. DECOURTEUX, 529
Merchant st.
FINE bay-window house, 7 rooms and bath;
high basement; fine flower garden: 1731 Bu-
chanan st., near Sutter. Apply at 623 Golden
Gate aye.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, $10; flat of 3 rooms. $5.
224 Rltch st.
$B— HOUSE of 5 rooms; healthy and in good
condition. 1557 Kearny St.. near Greenwich.
BUSH. 1224— Sunny house of 9 rooms and bath;
water free; large yard; rent $37 60.
BORROW on diamonds and jewels; polite at-
tentlon. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
AN artistic furnished house to rent or lease;
centrally located; 6 bedrooms; large parlors:
music and dining rooms, etc.; 10, minutes'
walk tq Kearny St.; large grounds: rent $125.
Address, with full name. T. L. HALL, box
1022. Call office.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EMIL GLARNER: No. 212-784. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A pocket memorandum book on the
ground floor ot Occidental Hotel. Finder will
receive reward by leaving it at hotel office.
LOST— On Monday, a Scotch collie dog, female,
in Western Addition. Reward if returned to
1007 Haight st
LOST— Pair of field glasses. Valencia and
Twenty-fifth st. station. Finder receive re-
ward at 2534 Mission st.
LOST— A lady's gold watch. Finder deliver
same to 10 Washington st. and receive reward.
LOST — Jan. IS. opera bag and glasses, latchkey
and purse. Room 142. Crocker building.
FOUND— Bullterrier. FRED GUSCH (Dogs'
• Heaven), Mission road, Six-Mile House.
LOST— A passbook with tne HlDernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. CATHERINE DALTON: No.
ISS-020. The Under will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of WINIFRED CHAPPLE; No. 7-135.
The finder will please return to bank.
BORROW on diamonds: Derfec: s-crecy; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. I." Grant aye.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. KOHL, the only r»Tlable~ladles r phyl
slcian and specialist of long and successful
practice; private home for patients before and
during confinement; best of care; guaranteed
treatment at office. $.i; safe and reliable; con-
sultation free. 1122 Market st.. between Ma-
son and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' spe-
| cialist. formerly of 401 Van Ness, 1362 Market.
1 has returned from Europe with Improved
1 methods and advanced knowledce; cure at
office $5: warranted; 15 years' successful prac-
tlce In S. F. Office, us Eddy st.. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable ladles' physician
and specialist: home for patients in confine-
ment or with chronic diseases: best care;
guaranteed treatment at office. $5; consulta-
tion free. 942 Post st., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kln: hours 10 to 5, 7 to S.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands
of cases successfully; treatment can be used
at home: consultation free; success guaran-
teed Write or call at 1C23<4 Market st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market St.— Ladles'
specialist; guaranteed treatment at office. $5;
safe and reliable; consultation free; hours 10
to S.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $5; consultation free. 21S Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 122S Market: ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
st.; every case guaranteed; $j up.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln; hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to S.
Mrs. Dr. Allen. 1035 Market, ladles specialist;
guaranteed treatment at office, $5. Hrs.,lo to 8.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
ea»t« of the human body. 115 Mason st.
3IKTAPHYSICS.
COLLEGE— Suggestive therapeutics, telepathy,
occultism: free clinic Tues. evg. 305 Larkln.
MINUS AND MINING.
CARTERS Gold Mine shares; fortune makers;
dividend payers; quoted on Pacific Stock Ex-
change; 50 cents per share or monthly install-
ments; send for prospectus. CARTERS GOLD
MINING CO.. 220 California st.. rooms 5-7.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALEJ.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017- 1019- 1021- 1u23 Mission
Ft., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
CANARY birds. Hear, see and buy at LOH-
M ANN'S, 3163 Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
FOR sale — «0 or 50 gallons good, pure ranch
milk. Address Country Dairy, care 507 Sixth
St.. Oakland.
ANOTHER Smith Premier typewriter; fine or-
der; get price. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110
Montgomery st.
A GENUINE Boss filled American watch for
$8; worth $U. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
A— BUYS, sells or rent's gear machinery, en-
glnes. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St. n
AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons' the
London Tailor. 721 Market st. '
In the History Building.
SAFES— New and second for banks merchants
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes :
specie chests, bullion safes, vault" etc Th»
WalU Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.."s. F.. Call
E PL? ON concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPI
9r-3 Market st.. San Francisco. AV - iWAt * v "»
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher- 1
air compressor; s locomotives. 220 Fremont.
WAKE up by (buy) SORENSEN'S alarm
Clock, reduced to 60c. 103 Sixth, below Mission.
A ~,* 3 S iV ER « Y and FeU ora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pin#.
DRESS pants, $2 73; fine suit $10 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery »t
BOILERS, engines drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st.
NEW style Singer sewing machines; S drawers:
oak; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. 8. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE IIER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: $22 per 02. for
gold In it. 328 Bush st.. 3d floor, room 4.
HIGHEbT price paid for all kinds ot curios
and Philippine relics. 525 Dupont. nr. Calif.
___________
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
Ist.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MEN can secure loans on personal note. AUS-
TIN'S SALARY LOAN CO.. 366 Parrott biig.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Ssss isaasaa SAgs&s
OLSEN.. room 16. first fioor. Chronicle bldg.
AVOID delay; try all others .then see me; $53
to $100,000: 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or pha " el m ° r . t -
gages.estates In Procate.undivlded Interests la
• «tate 3 .legacles and mortgages bought. adUc*
and money JurnjshetlJ^A. Dolan. t>~ Markt.
ANY amount!. t 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and :^ m °«;
e£Sssf-a!S^ggnS
MOST reliable place to borrow on dl .f. m . < ?°f,?:
watches jewelry. W. J. HESTHALW Sixth.
highest "price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on ur """^» ***
pianos; no removal: 'o^' fates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 »«"' =»•
AT 12S Kearny. rm. 'J. respectable Py vate . n p '^*
to borrow on watches, diamonds: lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Davis 930.
ON furniture and pianos without removal qulcS
service; money direct: lowest interest Rooms
68 and 6?. Donohoe building. 11.0 Market st.
ON HEAL estate. Ist or 2nd mortises, and ion
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount,
lowest rates. BECKER. 2* Montgomery st.
LOANS to salaried people. TOUSLEY. 420 Par-
lott building. ¦*''¦-
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 60'J Examiner building.
TO salaried men; without collateral or indorser.
S. V. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
$J0 TO $30 COO: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortga. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property I* mortgaged and you need
more money see If. MI'RPHY. S3O Market at.
BICSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced piano*
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years and have full purcha3«
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $8 per month, and some good pianos
for S3 W and $."» per month. SHERMAN.
CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor. Kearny
and Sutter its., San Francisco; cor. Thir-
teenth and broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
2fi. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer. -
KNABE pianos; new scale; new stylsa. KOH-
LEK & CHASE. 10 OFarrell st. |
TWO fine Marshall & Wendell uprights; walnut
cases- one walnut Decker & Son almost new;
great bargains. At MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
FULL value allowed for second-hand pianos ta
exchange for new. At MAUVAIS'. 763 Market.
LVRGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos, prices reduced to Insure prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
$4. $4, $4, $4, $4 per month.
J Chlckerlngs. 2 Steinways. 1 Vose & Sons ana
60 other slightly used high and medium trad*
pianos: special viscounts for cash.
HLi.n'E PIANO MrG. CO.. 136 Ellis St.
¦ UPRIGHT piano, " Neumann Hamburg" ; pro-
I nounced by experts the best In S. F. ; nearly
new, of solid construction: wonderful power
and sweetness of- tone: value $G00; to be sold
for only $300 cash. 1236 Market St.. room 121.
WE are still renting new pianos at $3 per
month. Scott-(Jurtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
¦ \\. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
CONOVER, Colby and Spencer pianos. Spencer
warerooms. ISIS Market st.
WANTED— Second-hand pianos for cash or la
exchange. J. M.. 12 Flood building.
FINE upright piano, little used, cheap for
cash. 1219 Powell Et.
FINE Fischer A- Ste'.nway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
I BARGAIN— :. ice upright piano; only $60 ca3h;
I sold for storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
I HORNUNG'S. 21G McAllister St.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister st. next Hlbernia Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zither?, old and new. 11.
; MT'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plaoe.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LfcT.
J SUTTER. 717— Very choii.-B for rooms or of-
fices: rent very reasonable: sunny; also sunny
$5 rooms; please Investigate.
$20 — STORE; 2 show windows and 5 large rooms;
adapted to any business. 422 Sixth st.
LARGE, elegant stor<*. 993 Valencia street; busl-
ress center: !ow rert.
i PALMISTRY.
MME SAYLOR. famous scientific palmist: pu-
pil Cheiro. ISIIH Market St.. opp. Van Ne««.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in a saloon; small capital
required. Inquire NE. cor. Post and Kearny.
PERSONALS.
YES. At 1:30. my office.
! BELLE— Ot'DRT
15 NOT A LADY.
1 AMERICAN woman wishes position as houae-
: keeper for club of gentlemen or small private
: family; excellent cock; authentic city refer-
1 ence. A. E. F.. 2120 Bush st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAT. .272 Minna at.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, has his
parlors crowded dally: latest coiffures, 25c;
manicuring, 2jc: Scheffler*s Colorine the only
hair dye. 73c box. G. LEDERER. 123 Stocktn.
LADIES — Send 2-cent stamp for our booklet;
invaluable to every lady. FAUVRE Import-
ing Co.. 916 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA, 33c bot. : Lederer'a
Foamo Shampoo. 5c Uox, are leading all tha
other hair tonics and shampoos. 123 Stockton.
A FINE suit to order $10 75, cr pants $3 73; our
specialty In remnants allows us to sell
cneaper than ready made. L. LEMOS.
1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth. prop. On»-
price Tailoring Co.; £32 Kearny, near Sacto;
also 1644 Market St., under St. Nicholas.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumers; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 104 Sutter at.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry^
GOLDEN Gate Oyster and Chop House; oyster*
any style. DAMITRES BAROSIS. 27 Ninth.
FIGER'S sweepers are f«* best and cheapest.
All kinds repaired and for sale at 342 Sutter.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
COLEMAN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools.
carpets, old gold: send for him. 506 Kearay.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third St. : send postal.
HIRSL'TINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp, t Eddy st.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 OT rrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
yiIYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
p ABALTg i S:
ALL NERVOUS DISEASES;
OSSIFICATION;
HARD TUMORS:
ALL ABNORMAL ENLARGEMENTS;
RHEUMATISM IN ALL FORMS;
SCROFULA. ECZEMA: SKIN DISEASES!
CONSUMITION;
OLD STANDING CHRONIC DISEASES.
Cured where all others have failed.
NO DRUGS! NO KNIFE!
Different from any ether treatment.
Write for references. Consultation free.
DR. L. J. STRATTON. f>n7. 50* and 503. Par-
rott building. (Over the Emporium.)
dr! C C. O'DONNELI.— Office and residence,
102U? Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL 3STATE CITY — FOR SALE.
JISCO— BARGAIN; large IH-storyT h7gh~stooj£
tay-wlndow cottage; vestibule entrance; bev-
eled plate glass double tioors: handsomely
paneled 7-foot wide hall, with winding stair-
case and SVa-foot newel post: parlor 14x17.
wainscoted dining room 12x14: sitting room
84x14; wainscoted extension kitchen 10x13;
ceilings 12 feet high; ventilators; plaster cor-
nices: pantry, glass closet, etc.; 2 betlrooms
and bathroom upstairs: 7-foot high cellar un-
der all. with double-door entrance under bay
lot 20x120. with a rustic stable 10x29 at end*
magnificent view; all for $1300; no asrents " J*
W. NEWTON. i:CO 12th aye.. near X st.,'sunl
set district. 3 blocks from Golden Gata'Paric.
$XXX>— SPLENDID bargain; must be «old to
close an estate; 2 new modern flats 5 and A
rooms and bath each; Mission warm belt
$1300— Best buy south of the park; 14 lots to-
gether, between I and J streets; make orer-
must be sold. SCOTT & HARRIS. 20 PoSt st.
CHEAP house and lot wanted In pleasant loca-
tion. WALLER, boa 2371. Call of.flc«.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900.
10SATURDAY. JANUARY 20
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
May Davis to Edward Philips, lot on S line
of Bush street. 137:6 B of Webster, E 34:4 - by
8 137:6; 110. M _ T
Josephine E. and Howard C. Holmes to Ber
tie and Sljjmund Kaufmann, lot on S line ot
Sacramento street, 165 E of Baker. B 27:8 by
6 132: 7V_; $10. >
Joseph C. Bates to same, same, quitclaim
deed; }1.
Jerome and Annla K. English to Augusta M.
Trlebel, lot on W line of Stanyan street, 125
8 of Carl, 8 25 by W 107:8; JlO.
Louis O. Triebel to same, same: rtft.
Susan and Walter Hayward, Nellie and John
Parry or Perry to Christian Holtum. lot on S
line of Frederick. 160:7 Vi W of Cole, W 26 by
5 137:6; $10.
Martin C. Walton to Josephine M., Flora
M. and Martin C. Walton, lot on S line of
Twentieth street, 75 W of Capp. W 22:5 by S
65; also lot on W line of Capp street, 25 S of
Twentieth. 8 25 by W 75; also lot on SW corner
of Sixteenth avenue and C street, W 32:6 by S
100; also lot on SW corner of Seventeenth ave
nue and C street, W 32:6 by S 100; also lot on
\V line of Seventh avenue. 320:6 N of Point
Lobos avenue. N 76 by W 120; also lot on E
line of Moultrte street, 250 S of Crescent, S 75
by E 70, lots 235, 237 and 239. Holllday Map;
also undivided 50x100 of lot 1. Map A, Smoke
6 McHenry Ranch: also lot on SW corner of
Twentieth and Capp streets, W 75 by S 25; Rift.
Catherine Uorle to Emma Matheaon. Katie
Ivester and Llllle. I^aura and Lewis Borle, lot
on E lint? of Jessie street (ban Carlos avenue).
235 S of Eighteenth street. S 25 by B SO; aJso
lot on \V line of Mission street. 285 N of Nine
teenth, N 25 by W SO; also lot on N line of Carl
street, 55 E of Wlllard, E 25 by N 100; also
lot on S line of Pace street, 100 W of Scott. W
87:6 by S 87:6; also lot on S line or I»as;e street.
1t7:6 W of Scott, W 25 by S 137:6; undivided
% of lot on SE line of Jessie street, 475 SW of
Sixth, SW 25 by SE 75: (rift.
Salvo and Joanna Urincatt to Cathe C. Brin
catt lot on E line of Hampshire, 197:6 S of
Twenty-first, S 25 by E 100; gift.
Rosa Demartinl to Victor Demartlnl. lot on
S line of Union street, 117:6 W of Duoont, W
20 by S 77:6: elft.
Augustus Farrell vs. Edward H., Mabel E..
Lowell J. and Daniel D. Holland Jr.. R. Mc-
Colgan, Marguerite O. Kapp (by R. H. Fit_-
Rerald. referen) to Chinese Presbyterian Young;
Men's Christian Association, lot on N line of
Clay street. 40:6H W of Stockton. W 19:SV_ by
N C 8:9; $2MO.
George K. and Nettle M. Whltaker to Walter
11. Linforth, undivided V 4 of lot on SW corner
of California and Leavenworth streets. W 20
by S 57:6; JlO.
Sidney B. and Grace N. Cushlng to Edward
G. Stetson, lot on NW line of Folsom street.
75 NB of Fourth. NE 50. NW 80. NE 20. NW
15. SW 80. SE 15. NE 5. SE 80; JlO.
Jacob and Una Heymap to Charles T. and
Dell Conlan," lot on W line of Twenty-seventh
avenue. 250 8 of J street. S 50 by W 1J0; $10.
Kstate fit Owirjre W. Cunnlntrham (minor).
Alice I. and Robert V. Cunningham (by May*
s»CTnr.R\ PAi:ivi« canmuTi
(PAI-iriC SYSTEM.)
Trains l«ave »ml <%r« «iii« t« r.rrlv* ••
NAN rr.I.M'JMO.
(Main Llr.e, Foot of Market Street)
LSatb — From Dzcxmbxr 15, 1539. — ARRrm
•7:OO a Benieta, Suisun. Elmiia. VsaarClß,
Rmcseycnd Hacnmonto ; •7:413»
•7:OOa Shasta. Eipicsj- Davis. Wlllowa,
Red Eluff. Portland *T:43»
•Ti3» a Martines, .San llamoD. Vollajo. Napa,
C'alistrsaaudSanu Hos» *S:l3y
*S:3»a The Overland Ll mitM— Oetlen. D«n-
t«. Omaha. Chicago •Silas
*StXttA o»n Joso. liver More, Htucktnii,
lons. Hacraincnto, FlaeervUe,
MnrjSTnie, Ihlco. lteil JJliiff Mil.lp
•MinOA •Milton. Oakdaio ami Sonora •-I:I.1p
•9:OOa Uaywarila. Nilisaixl Way tSUUons. «1 1:13*
•9:OOa Dtvlc, Woodland. Kni^iia Landing.
MarTftrille. *»ro»ili<> # 7:t5»
•0:00* Atlantio Kxpresa— Csdeu and East •U.-43*
•0:OOa Martinez, Trecy, Latiirop, ft lock ton.
3lrnr»daacl Vtcxt.o »12»I3»
•l>:»'»4 Fort Costa. I'rustio. -UiijaTe and Los
Atißele'i m «^t3r
•lft:4)OA Vail. j<>. Martlaci ami Way Stations # O:«.1»
•1 1 :OOa Hayrrarda, Kiles ar-il Wsy Staticns. •«» I 3»
•IStjOOn Kiles. Lirnimorc. Stockton, Sacra*
' mento. Mcndota, Hacford. Tlszlla,
PciteiTii:* Mil**
fl:OOp H;iiT?.::,en' > li» r ./,- in-,«r* t\:OOF
•StOOp HaywoiJn, Nilcs and Way Stations. # avl.l»
•4:«»«»pM::rti!ie.T, f.in ltamnn. V*lVj<>.
Nar». «.'alhitog!», SantA llosa »1»«I3a
••si»«r Bcnlcia. - TsoaiiUc. Hacramenta.
TVoodlauJ, Knights Landing,
Jlarjsiille. OrotHlo M»:M,
•4i3Or Mies, Han Jnseand Stockton '7tl3r
•3:»OpTh» Owl I.imitei!— Tracy. Fieimo.
UakersVlil. fcaiigtu fc» Bast» tar-
barjk, I.n A:;k. >r M*i43a,
«3:00r Sucsct Ltxited— El Paso. Xew Or-
lcacscmt East el nit 3 a
•3t:»op Stockton. Merced. Fresuo # iail3r
*3i3Op Frcsi:o. UatersHcM. Santa I'urlmra,
Los Acgclcs. Doming. £1 Psuo,
New Oilcans and Eaai •••13*
•3t3«r Hnn'.x L'o Uoute— Atlaullo Eipress
for '.ToJuto ami KasS •OM.Ip
•B:OOp Harvard^ Nilesaa<l San J050...... •7r#.'»»
tOiartf Vjllr; 1 • I it 13 »
•o:3<»p Oriental Mail— OgJcn and East »S:3or
17zO»p Valtejo. Fort Costa ami Way st».
tioua. ;.... 19 :33 9
*BiO3p Oregon and California i.xi ¦i.-st n*o-
rnmciit,.. ite.Wtng.
PorMni..). r.ic-t H..ut,.l ami Ks»» »«il3>
C9AST DIVIST<H (Sanaa (i**m}.
(Foot of M.iricct Street.)
•Bil3a New3rk.C'"iittr»ilfe.*»n.Jo3<\Felton, ~ '
Boulder C'rrek.Satita Cruz and Way
Stations »3i3«f
t2»l 3r Newark, CentejTillp, San ,1 io. New
Almaden. t'elton, Iloulder Orret,
Santa (nil and I'iindiial Way
Station* fiei.VU
•4il3pltorark, SmJo^, Lea Oatoa. •O:2»a
ItlitSp Ilnnten' Excursion, Ssn Jose acd
Way W tat lorn p»»O»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSU mSCISCO— Foot or airSttt Stre«t (S!i? B}—
•T:l« 800 11:00 a.m. |W3 '2:03 »3iC3
•4:00 *5:C3 •G::3r.»t.
fwaOiSUHD— r«»»«r ßroadway.— *C;oo n-.00 20:03*.*.
U3:C3 '1:00 t3:C3 *3:C3 tt:C3 •B:C:r.n.
; (OlsT l>lVl<sl<>\ U-.roatKi.xiKf).
(ThlrJaiidTovn3eii(l St 9.)
4«ilOa Ocean Vievj-, BOu'h8 O u'h San i'raocisco.. t«t:SM»
*7>OOa San Joso mxl Way Station* (.New
Aiuiailen \V .?•]•> •.,!.»-. inulji *l:S»r
• BrOO* San Jose. Traa I\ik.j. s.mt 1 (cur.
FuciUc (.lroT«. 'iUi > UoMes. i*au
r l.nfi OMirpo. Sirrf. Locipoc atid
Prluclpnl \V»y .Stations M<t«s>
•I4HIO* Han .losb an<l Way Staiioijs *os33a
•I li3Oa Ban Jnsa »:••<! Way Ktstions. *3>3Or
t*>43r Baa H:it->. lUdwood. Mcnlo Psrk.
' Fslo Alta Santa Clara, San .lose,
1 Trea Finos. Santa Cm* Ba!inaa.
Mouterey anil Paciflo Orovo MO:?M*
fZiSMp Baa Joso and Way Htar.fons *7:30r
flil3p San Josoan.l Principal W«y Stations *»:I3*
«3:OOp San Jose sod Principal Wl7 Stations ?!>:«"»!
•3:30p Son Jose snd Principal Way HUtious *^;.13«.
•S::tOr San Jose nnd Way Stations t*s«OA
s II :-«¦*» r San Jose »ml Way fitatiops. ........ »7;U«P
A for Moroing. P fcr Afternoon.
• Daily. t tlnnday erceptatl. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
•AXaeadaTß and T:ida;» c Thuisdays and Sundays.
CALIFOBNIA NO2THVESTEHN BY. CO,
SAX FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACiFIQ
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroa Perry. Foot of Market fit
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11.00 a. ro. ; 12:35.
1:30, 6:10. 8:30 d. m. Thursdays— Extra trla>
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:ii»
and 11:30 d. m.
I BUXDATS- *:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; l:J0. 8.30.
6:00. K:jn d. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:IO. 7:10. »:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 1!:4S.
3:40, S:l0 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trisa at
1:53 and 8:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:I". »:40. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. S:4O. 5:05,
5.15 o. m.
Between San Francisco and Fchuetzea Par*
same schedule as above.
Leave I a rrlva-
San Francisco. In Effect ' San Francisco.
October 15.
W«ek Sun- 15.«9. Sun- 'Wi»««k
Days. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 3:00 am; Norato. |l»M0 am $:40 am
1:30 pm »:J0 am: Petaluma. 1:05 pm 10:23 ax.i
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Saßta Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:22 pn»
Fulton.
T:SO am Windsor. 10:25 am
IleaM^burg,
Lvtton.
Oeyserville,
S:3O prn 8:00 am Clovenlale. 7:33 prn 622 pra
7:30 am jHopland and|
B:Coamf Ukiah. 7:33 pm «:22 pm
7:30 am ) [10:25 a-T»
»:00 am! Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
t:3O pm j 1:23 pm
7:30 am 3:00 am Sonoma 13:40 am[ 8:40 am
and
6:19 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pmi 8:22 pm
7:30 am: 8:00 am Eebastopo!. 10:40 am|lO:2s am
3:30 pm! 6:00 pm | 7:35 pmi (:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Ro?a for Mark W»st
Epr:n?s and White Sulphur Springs; at L.vtton)
for Lytton Springs: at Oeyserville tor Skaggs
Springs: at Clcvcrdsjs for the Oey»i»rs; at Hop-
land for Duncan Spring. Highland Springs.
I Kelseyvlile. Car!abad Pprlnifa. Soda Bay. Lak*-
i port and Bar'.lett Springs: at L'kJah for Vichy
; Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laural
I>oll Lake. Witter Springs. Upper I^ake. Porno.
I Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's.
I Bucknells. Sanh<*lrln Ile'ffhts. HnllvlUe. Orr'«
I Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg-,
I Westport. l.'sal, Wlllltta. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's SprinßS,' Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Scctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced races.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
bevend San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. CO Market st. Chronicle bldj.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAJJ.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is tbe quickest running and most
luxurious train across tbe continent.
Cosnectino Trais Leaves Sax Francisco:
5 P.n. Monday. Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2 15
P./l in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at S:M
FYDDFC.C P- m - with Palace and Tourist
n a • Tv cars for Kansas City, St. Louia,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, HanforJ, Visalla, Tnlara nrtAn
and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
•Fmcfft «on\ Market Street, Phone Maia
TKIdUU 3UUPI 1531; Oakland, 1119 Broad-
way; Sacraracn*o.2oX J Street; San Jose, 7 Wen
Santa Clara Street.
fiOßrfl PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' VU SecuaUft* Parry.
Cocim«nclng Octobar 1. 1839.
TROII SAN iTKANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AMD SAN' RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «7:W. •S:*o. 11:00 a. m.j «14a,
EXTRA TRIPS-Fcr Mill Vallar and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays acd Saturday*.
! at 9;CO and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATS— •»:<&. # l0:CO. •«:» a. m.; nii.
I t:l*. •?:«, «:SO. »:ifi p. ro.
I Trains marked (*) run to San Qusntla.
I FROM SAN RAFAKL TO BAN FRANCMCO.
WEEK DATR-8::5. *«:3S. 7:43. t:« a. m.l
! •11:10. 1:15. •3:«, HAS p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on *'->ndays, Wednesdays 104
! Saturdays at t.to and 1831 p. xn.
BCSJDAY3— «:», •S:!)©. 'lOjCO. »U:« a. a.l
I •!:«•. •8:15. 4:45. •«;» 9. m. *
I Trains masked <*) start from San Qu«ntln
t FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3< % O
¦WEEK DATS— 5:45. «:U. 7:25. »:ii a. m.l
. 12:33. 2:85. 3:45. 5:20 p. m. "
i EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. W»dn«sdays aaj
- E»turdayi at 7:€O and Id: 20 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— »:C6. 10:U a. m. ; U:OS. t:U t-*a.
i «:M. (:«• p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
J:0O a. m. -w««k dajrs— Cazaderoand <r»y statfonsv
:40 p. ra. Saturdays— Totr.ales and —ay stations,
. fiSfi a. ay fiMDdfnr- rrßma! '^ &lU MS^MAtioilt^
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
C T Foster, Corninsr
W L Stnddard. R Bluff
E F Fortune & w, Cal
J B Gallagher, Sacto
J T Wheeler & w. Cal
B J Devlin, Benlcla
T P Keecan. S Rosa
J J Burkett. Stockton
F J Felouchear, S Jose
W C Woll, Kans -
A W Carter. Minn
W Duval, Spokane
M Evans, London
J Oilman, Orovllle
P A Coe. San Jose
B L Brundage. Bksfd
H E Ford. Portervllle
W Staley, June.au
J Staley. Kenwood
C E Lindsay, 8 Cruz
G O Kellngg, Stanford
E P Sills & w, Chicago
H N Wheeler, Boston
E E McCarthy, Boston
A A Beele, Boston
O I.auck. Sta Clara
E Ropenthal, Boston
J C Col Iyer. Fresno
W A Cobb. St Louis
G R Kennedy. Chico
W O Russell, Davlsv
Mrs D McDonald, Bodtn
E D McDonald, Boston
II X Stahl, San Jose
E H Knipper. Stanford
H A Wilson, Cal
V Ragglo A- w. Cal
Mrs L A Conner, Cal
Miss M Conner, Cal
W Rourke, San Diego
E Foley. New York
Mrs A H Moons, N T
G Jury & w, N York
T Reynolds, Seattle
E B Ladner. Ladner
G E Eccles, Hanford
J « Hoberts & w. Sac
W T Williams. Cal
R M JbneB. Woodland
J F la Bourven. Cal
J W Lalng. New York
H A Mlnon S Rosa
G L Hutchlns. Portlnd
W II Jenkins, Stktn
C C Adams, Stockton
J McGilvray, Stanford
W J Cahlll, N York
C L Wilson, Alameda
PALACE HOTEL.
W E Germain, Cal
J H Ullman. Chicago
F S Henry. Cleveland
F II Giuvay, Spokane
F D Seymour, Seattle
C L Payal. N V
A Peyton, Santa Cruz
3 Elsendrath. Chicago
M Rowenblutn, l.'hlcagro
T M Samstag. N V
L F Torrey, Boston
J S Chllds. Cal
II H Brandep. Omaha
Mrs Brandos, Omaha
W L Vail, Los Angeles
Mrs Vail. Los Angeles
J S Ltllls. Kansas City
Miss Lillis. Kansas Cty
F Kelohart, Berlin
A Howard, Kiel
C M Vicuna, Wash
Mrs Vicuna, Wash
Mre J R Heued. Japan
Adm Fitzgerald. Engld
Capt Colville, England
W R Hodder, England
R C Baker, England
Mrs C M Johnson, Engl
F H Johnson, England
Mrs M Grass. U S N*
G W Woolsey, N V
W B Smith. London
J Hoffman, N V
C W Ward. N V
Mrs W P Mills. Mont
L J Israel, Helepa
J H Hpear, Spokane
T R Mlnturn, Stockton
Mrs E Hamilton, lnd
J B Hamilton. Ind
Mlns Mentone, Ind
D T Ames. Mt View
P F Mohr, Washington
Mrs Mohr, Washington
H Blgelow, Boston
Mrs Ulgelow, Boston
G White, Tennessee
S J Sachx, N V
Mrs H Koehler Jr. Mo
A V Davis. Pa
W H Seamans, Sacto
J H Sullivan. Chicago
W C Day. Stanford
S Maas. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J W Van Meter, Mexico
H Curren, N M
I W Kavanagh. Kans
\V 11 Knott. Seattle
H Stfin, Oakdale
A C Chlnn, Kcswick
H B Pierce & w. lowa
J J Flaherty, Sacto
B F Knott. Sacto
W E Walker, Sallna
J B Amlot. Portland
G Roach, Merced
J Mulroy, San Jose
J B Kronebush. Oregon
Mrs Kronebush, Or
E J Edwards. Stoskton
C T Coombs, -San Juse
J Wilson &. w. Uklah
A E Sutllff. Sacto
H Buering, San L Ob
1' Maxwell, Denver
J B McCullough & w,
Kansas City
O'Brien, and father of Mrs. Mary E. Brown,
Mrs. Catherine Connell and Lizzie O'Brien.
a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 90
years.
tC7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 12 Bluxome street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In Vnllejo, December 31. 1899. '
Michael, beloved husband of Nellie O'Con-
nor, father of Maggie, Nonle, Timothy and
Nellie O'Connor, and brother of Timothy
O'Connor and Mrs. Mary Halloran of Oak-
land, a native of Castle Island, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 35 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 5:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 332 Ritch street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS of the Longshore Lumbermen's
Protective Association— You are requested to
attend the funeral of our deceased member,
Michael O'Connor, from the family residence,
332 Rltch street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 8:30
o'clock. J. W. DECKER. President.
J. E. REARDON. Secretary.
PATTEE— In this city, January 19, 1300. Frank
M. Pattee. a native of Enfield, N. H., aged 39
years 9 months and 13 days. (Lebanon and
Enfleld, N. H., papers please copy.)
(E?"Friend9 are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sunday),
at 11 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray &
Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment Lav-
; rel Hill Cemetery.
PATTON— In this city, January — , 1800, Thumas
Patton, beloved husband of Mary M. Patton,
a native of Ireland, aged 74 years.
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Ignatius Church. Hayes street,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
POOR— In Oakland, January 19, 1900, Fred
Mowe Poor, son of Annie M. and the late
F. A. Poor, aged 23 years.
PORTER— In the City and County Hospital,
January 19. ISOO, Agnes K. Porter, a native
of Scotland, aged 21 years.
QUIRK— In this city, January 19. 1900, Mamie,
wife of James Quirk, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. John Haley, and sister of John. Michael,
Julia and Rose Haley, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 28 years.
SCHUTTE— In this city, January 19. 1900. Mar-
garet 1., dearly beloved wife of John A.
Pchutte, mother of Frank and Leo .Schutte,
daughter of Peter and Margaret Jennings,
and sister of Mary and James Jennimrs. a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years 4
months and 1 day.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, f>l Merrltt street, between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth, Danvers and Hattle, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn
requiem moss will be celebrated for tbe re-
pose oi her soul, commencing at 19:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SIMPSON— In San Jose. January 18, 1900. Alice
Maude, wife of Ernest S. Simpson, aged 35
years 5 months and S days.
STANLEY— In this city. January 18. 1900, Cap-
tain William S. Stanley, husband of Mary
Ann Stanley, and father of Mrs. W. H.
Greves. Martha Stanley. Mrs. C. W. Gard-
ner and Mrs C. W. Brandt, a native of
Greenwich. England, aged 65 years.
C7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sunday),
lit 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple, corner
Post and Montgomery streets, under the pas-
pices of Crockett Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
WALKER— In this city, January 19, 1900. Annie
E.. beloved wife of R. F. Walker, mother of
Frank Walker, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
John Murphy, and sister of T. J. and Alicia
Murphy and Mrs. J*eph Brzezlnskl. a native
of San Francisco, aged 27 years.
WALTON— In thin city. January 17. 1W). Mar-
tin C, husband of Josephine M. Walton, nnd
father of Flora. May and Martin C. Walton
Jr.. a native of Chicago, aged 51 years 1
month nnd 25 days.
EJyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Paturdny), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 600 Capp street, corner of Twentieth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WIGGINS— In Oakland, January 19. 19(10, Eliza-
beth, wife of James S. Wiggins, a native of
Australia, ased 44 years.
WILLIAMSON— In this city, January 19. 1900,
Henry, beloved brother of John and Joseph
Williamson, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMALPfIIS SCENIC RfULWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry.
Week Day* 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sundays 8:00, 10:00 a, ra. and 1:43 p. m.
Steam-heated closed car on all trains.
Pare— San Francisco to Summit and Return.
$1 40. '
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(i2r»KEAK.\'YST. B«taWlshed
In 1»54 for the treatment of Private
Diseasus, Lost Manhrxid. Debility or
diseaserreariDgoii body ar.d mtudaud
Nkln Diseases. Tbedoctorcureswben
oibersfall. Try him. Charges low.
t'ornsnaraolred. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. *'. (.IKUUS, Box IM.IT.Saa FrmicUca
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Bight.
th« early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld*
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
C. Muller, guardian) to Amoa M. Williams, lot
on W line of Chattanooga street, 286 N of
Twenty-second. N 52 by W 123: $10.
F. D. Fisher to Olive Verkbuteren. lots 14 to
13, 34. block 8, Tract A. 'People's Homestead;
$10.
Ernst J. and William Dammes and Llzxle
Seegelken to Gertrude Dammes. lot on S line of
Geary street, 70 E of Broderick, E 22:6 by S
92:6: $10.
Albert E. and Floretta Humburg to Richard
J. Glazier, lot on S line of Seventeenth street.
12S E of Valencia, E 30 by S 100: $10.
Estate of George W. Cunningham, minor fby
Maye C. Muller. guardian) to same, same; $525.
Amos M. and Julia Williams to Frederick
Hartje, same; flO.
•Willis H. and Katie C. Lelghton to George S.
Crlm, lot on W line of Florida street (Colum
bia), 264 N of Twenty-fourth, N 25 by W 100;
$10.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. and Robert B. Mil
rny to Frank H. Johnson, lot on SE corner ef
Srcrpmento and Sansome streets, E 185 by 3
121: $10.
Maria Kip Orphanage (corporation) to Cather
ine Callahan, lot on SW line of Sixth street, 20
SE of Minna. SE 50 by-SW 75, Quitclaim deed:
$10. • " '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY. 20, 1900.
• Tune Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
January 19. 190 i).
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or. at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charga.
25 Hor.okaa ¦ SO 63' i
60 Hutchtnson S P Co..* 26 50
5 Mutual Electric Light 13 75
96 Mutual Electric Light- 13 50
35 Oceanic S S Co 94 50
200 Paauhau S P Co 27 W)
200 S F Gaslight 800
J>s S V Water ¦. 93 75
25 S V Water 93 «2H
$1000 S F & N P Ry bonds, caah 113 37V4
$2000 S F &.S J V bonds 117 00
Street—
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 116 87%
S2OOO Hawaiian C & S 6 Der cent bonds.. lo6 60
$1000 Los Angeles-Paclflc R R bonds 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 California Safe Deposit B7 00
60 Honokaa S Co 30 75
5 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
60 Oceanic S S Co 94 50
45 Paauhau S P Co , f! M
65 PaatlhaU S P Co ..'. 27 23
25 Paauhau S P Co 27 75
165 S F Gaslight tM
25 S F Gas * Electric Co EO 50 j
23 S F Gas <£: Electric Co, c 90 50 00
25 S F Gas Ss. Electric Co, s 90 60 50
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 50 25
' 25 S V Water 93 f,O
$3000 Contra Costa Water bonds 107 00
$3000 Oceanic S S bonds 105 00
Street—
$4000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 102 25
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
•%
Monnlnr Session.
Board—
10 Big Panoche 60
150 Barker Ranch 1 15
2rtO Anaconda 1 <yt
100 Century' 90*
300 Century 1 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Anaconda 1 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Burlington I 01
100 Home Oil ?.. 4 05
275 San Luis t 15
Afternoon Session.
Board —
2<w Burlington 1 00
200 Dominion , &1
100 San Luis 6 25
MINING STOCKS.
. The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 09 , f,W) Ophir M
600 Belcher 15 )50 Ophlr »7
400 Belcher IS 200 Potosi 30
IMO Best & Belcher 43 4W Potosi 32
100 Caledonia 851200 Potosi ; 83
100 Caledonia 54! 100 Savage 19
I'm Chollar 30 ! 100 Peg Belcher.... 04
: 200 C C & Va 2 101 100 Sierra Nevada. •*)
4CO C C & Va 2 0.1 100 Sierra Nevada. 61
150 C C & Va 200 700 Sierra Nevada. 64
100 Crown Point... 13,. 4ft0 Sierra Nevada. 6.T
1300 Gould &. Curry. 30! 'tan Sierra Nevada. 66
200 Gould & Curry. 27 1 100 Sierra Nevada. 65
800 Gould & Curry. 29 IOTO Silver Hill 05
700 Hale & Nor 43 i 600 Union Con 40
300 Hale & Nor 44; SOO Union Con 41
200 justice P4[ 800 Utah 05
1400 Mexican fio! 100 Utah 06
100 Occidental 201 200 Yellow Jacket. 26
300 Occidental 211 300 Yellow Jacket. 25
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 03 300 Ophlr 74
700 Belcher 11 200 Overman 07
100 Best & Belcher 2S 200 Potosi 30
300 Best & Belcher 2S ! 70<> Savage IS
200 Best & Belcher 27 i 100 Seg Belcher 03
M) Caledonia ...... 50 ! 100 Sierra Nevada. 52
500 Chollar 26; 200 Sierra Nevada. 50
600 C C & Va 1 60, 400 Sierra Nevada. 49
30 Hale & Nor 44.- 100 Union Con S3
100 Justice 04 j 7<X) Union Con 31
500 Mexican S>". 300 Union Con 31
. 2CO Mexican S5 200 Yellow Jacket. 24
300 Ophlr 7il
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning- Session.
200 Alpha Con 04| 300 Mexican 45
500 Andes 10' 4uO Mexican 4i7
600 Belcher 14' 1400 Mexican 47
300 Best & Belcher -?1 500 Mexican ; M
400 Best & Belcher 341 500 Ophir 75
16f.A Best & Belcher 351 800 Ophlr SO
400 Best & Belcher 37 ( 300 Ophlr 8»
6<)o Best & Belcher 3S; 700 Ophir 85
300 Best tc Belcher 40 ! 800 Ophir 86
200 Best & Belcher Jl 400 Ophir S7
400 Best &. Belcher 41 300 Ophlr gy
150 Caledonia ...... TO 100 Ophlr M
2on Challenge Con.. 21 J $00 Ophlr ..". 93
500 Challenge Con.. 10 200 Ophlr 94
300 Choi lnr SO! 3M Ophlr 95
300 Chollar 321 400 Ophlr !¦«
600 Ohollar 2:11 500 Overman 07
400 C C A Va 1 r2«4i 600 Potosi 30
FoOCC & Va 1 U\ SCO Potosi SI
200 C C & Va 1 70'i200 Potosi 32
600 C C & Va 1 751 700 Potosi 33
350 C C & Va 1 77<V|300 Potosi S3
300 C C * Va I SOi 700 Savage 20
12C0 C C & Va 1. F5 l 600 Savage 21
250 C C & Va....l 874 I 800 Savage 2J
1450 C C 4 Va 1 90! 300 Savage 23
300 C C & Va....l s)2m 600 Savage 24
700 C C & Va 2 no! 600 Sierra Nevada. 53
400 C C & Va....2 024! 500 Sierra Nevada. 53
500 C C & Va 205 i 900 Sierra Nevada. 55
300 C C & Va....2 07^1 400 Sierra Nevada. 56
400 C C & Va......2 10 i 600 Sierra Nevada. 57
150 Confidence fi3' 200 Union Con 34
300 Gould & Curry. 24 400 Union Con 36
90fl Gould & Curry. 27 7no Union Con 37
600 Gould A Curry. ?1 300 Union Con 40
900 Gould & Curry. 23 200 Union Con 41
450 Gould & Curry. SO 600 Union Con 42
600 Mexican 35 510 Utah 05
200 Mexican 38 400 Yellow Jacket.. S3
400 Mexican 41 3N> Yellow Jacket.. 24
300 Mexican 42j 600 Yellow Jacket.. 23
400 Mexican 431
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher 31 CM Ophlr 74
600 Best & Belcher 30 300 Ophlr 72
600 Best <fc Belcher 29 300 Overman 07
650 Best & Belcher 27 300 Potosi 31
800 Best & Belcher 23- 300 Potosi SO
600 Bullion 05 200 Potosi ?2
400 Chollar 2S «00 Sierra Nevada. 55
1200 C C & Va 1 60! 700 Sierra Nevada. 64
400 Crown Pomt — 1211100 Sierra Nevada. f2
200 Gould & Curry. 25 300 Sierra Nevada. 51
BCO Gould & Curry. 24 200 Sierra Nevada. 60
200 Hale & N0r.... 40 ¦ 300 Sierra Nevada. 49
400 Mexican $8| 400 Union Con 85
SOO Mexican 37.1700 Union Con ?4
J4OO Ophlr 77 600 Union Con S3
600 Ophlr 75! 200 Union C0n...... 32
CLOSINQ QUOTATIONS.
• FRIDAY. Jan. 19—4 p.. m.
Bid. Ask. ( Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 04[#entuck 02 —
Alta 0J 04, Lady Wash 02 —
Andes 07 09 Mexican 39 40
Belcher 11 13 Occidental 18 20
Best & Belcher 29 SO^phlr 74 75
Bullion 04 C 8 Overman 06 07
Caledonia 60 —Potosi $0 31
Chollar 27 2SSavage 18 18
Challenge Con.. IB 20 Scprplon ......:. 02 —
Confldenc« . 61 «4 l Seg Belcher.... 03 04
C C & Va 1601 65 Sierra Nevada. 50 61
Con Imperial... — 01|silver Hill 03 05
Con New York. — 04St Louis — 07
Crown Point... 12 13 Standard ......2 75 —
Exchequer — 02'Syndlcate — 05
Gould & Curry. 24 -25>Unton C0n...... 32 38
Hale & N0r.... 40 .43 Utah 04 05
Julia — ' 02; Yellow Jacket.. 24 25
Justice 0* 051
Shipping Intelligence.
I __= ?
ARRIVED.
Friday. January 19.
Br stmr Doric, Smith. 27 days' 2 hmirs »
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16
days 4 hours 4? minutes, via Honolulu 5 days
IS hours 4V minutest.
Ptmr Sequoia, Thwlnjr, 17 hours from Fort
Stmr Corona, Debney. 89 hours from San
Dle^o. etc
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Jessen. «3 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Newbunr, Hansen, 50 hours from Grays
Harbor. _:
Ktmr Colon. Mackinnon. Jl days from Pana
ma and way ports.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. 28 hours from En
reka. .
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. 16 hours from Fort
Stmr Willamette. Hansen, 73 hours from Se-
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. 84 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Ship C F Sargent, Haskell. II flays from
Comox, via Clallam Bay 13 days.
Schr Fortuna. Lubersr. 3'^ days from Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 90 hours from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday. January 13.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria: O R
& N Co.
Ital ship Salvatore Clnmpt. Caflero. Queens
town; Eppinger A Co.
Schr C T Hill. Hansen. Hllo; F BrugheJli.
SAILED.
Friday. January 19.
Stmr Pomon*. Parsons. Eure-ka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow. San Pedro,
Stmr Srotla. Jacobs. .
Stmr Gipsy. Letand. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Oeo W Elder. Randall. Astorla.
Stmr Westport, Peterson. .
¦ Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. Greenwood.
Stmr Whlteshoro. Olsen, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 13, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind calm.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Jan 19— Br stmr Enenrla, pra
vlously reported, has been floated and beached.
Divers have been employed to examine the con
dition of the vessel's bottom. Pumps are able
to keeD her free.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan I!>— Schr E
X Wood, from Tientsin; bark B P Cheney, from
Honolulu, tor Tacoma; schr Ethel Zane, from
Honolulu, for Olympta; schr Joseph Russ. from
Olympia, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 13— Sehr Golden Gato.
from Sltka.
Sailed Jan 19— Stmr Signal, for Astoria; Br
stmr Port Albert, for Manila.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 19— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— BaYbound Jan 19— Stmr Empire.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Jan 19— Stmr
Alcazar, for .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan IS— Bktn Newsboy,
from Tacoma: 6chr Halcyon, from Grays Har
bor. Jan 19— Schrs Glen and Volant, from
Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr San Pedro,
hence Jan IS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan IS— Schr W F Jewett,
for San Francisco: bktn Tarn o' . Shanter. for
San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Jan 19— Stmr Luella.
from Eureka, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 1!»— Schr Wm Renton.
for San Pedro; stmr Procreso. for San Fran-
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 19— Etmr Del
Norte, from Eureka.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— SaiIed Jan 18— Br stmr Rivers
dale, for Manila.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Jan 18— Sh!» Edward
Sewall. for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS..
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 9— Schr Ruby A
Cousins, hence Dec 12: bark Topgallant, -from
Tacoma; Br stmr Lady Jolcey. from Yokoha
ma. Jan W — Ger ship Cae*erea, from Newcas
tle, Aus: schr Golden Shore, from Newcastle.
Aus; schr A J West, from Grays Harbor. Jan
U-— Br bark Adderley. from Newcastle, Aus.
Jan 12— Br stmr Doric, from Yokohama; bark
Pactolus, from Departure Bay; Br bark In
v«rness-shlre, from Sydney.
Sailed Jan 9— Br bark Gulf Stream, for Port
land, Or: bark Martha Davis, for San Fran
cisco: Haw bark Diamond Head, for San Fran
cisco. Jan 10— Schr Vine, for San Francisco:
bark Mohican, for San Franclsoo. Jan 11— Bktn
Irmgard. for Hllo. Jan 1J — Haw ship Star of
France, for Port Townsend; bark Alden Breese.
for San Francisco.
CENTRAL AMERlCA— Arrived Jan J— Ger
stmr Volumnla, from Hamburg, for San Fran
cisco.
HAMBURG— In port Jan »— Ger bark Altair,
for San Diego, via London. '
VICTORIA— Passed Jan 19— Stmr Portland,
from Unalaska, for Nanaimo.
NANAlMO— Arrived Jan IS— Br stmr Robert
Adamson, hence Jan 13. Jan 13— Stmr Chaa
Nelson, from Seattle.
Sailed Jan 19— Br stmr Robert Adamson. for
San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrtved Jan 19— Br ship Cyprc
mene. hence Au«r IS.
HULL— Arrived Jan 19— Ger shin Flottbek,
hence Sejit 8.
OCEAN STEAMEII3.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Abergel
dle,- from Portland. Or, for Hongkong.
MOVILLE— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr . Anchorla,
from Glasgow, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan IS— Stmr Aller.
from Bremen, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Lu-
canla, from New York, for Liverpool, and! Jro
ceeded.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
? ¦ ' ;».;.. — :: — i>
United' States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the h«lght of tide is the same at both places.
REAL SSTATI3 CITY— FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE FOr'saLE.
THOMAS ITAGEE & SONS,
KlA*^ ESTATE AGENTS.
B MONTGOMERY STREET.
Sutter-st. corner investment. i3',i front by
P7V» feet de^p; covered with £ good houses; rents I
Stl' 50; pays S r»er cent net: $25,600.
Corner L'sJifcmla and Buehar-.an st*. : X4x73,
and fine residence, 14 rooms and 2 baths; 515.000. 1
Clay rt.. neer Polk. !2xl27Vi ar.d 8 bouses;
rents J77: reduced to $10,200.
Poet-et. residence, near Van N«ss aye.; 27% x
120: 12 r<x>ms; reduced to tSSOO.
McAllister st_: fine corner Hats: rents J116;
!ot ST'-jXlf*; this Ride Devisadcro st.; $17,000.
"vVer-ster st. ; 6 houses; rents V.00; 5 rooms and
ta-th in each; large lot; $13,500.
IHUs) rt corner, near Franklin: 34x120; Im-
provements; ivnts $IUS; J3JW» lately spent on
the property: 116.500.
Very fine residence and lot; nnrth side Cali-
fornia st.. near Buchar.an; ?7 I jxl37H: the h^use
is a f=:yllsh and v*-ry solid one; rents 553; JSiOO.
Wa^htngton-ft. reMdenre; J3000; nearly new;
i story, basement and attic. S rooms, basement,
etc.; fine home in a pood neighborhood; be-
tween t?cott end Devisadero sts.
Golden Gate-aye. 2-story residence, near
Goujrh st.; IT'tx'.;!): S rooms, etc.; 17500.
Two Polk-st. flats, near Eddy; each lot 27H*
£2H: * flats: rents *^6; J12.003 each.
Post st.: 7Sxl37v» and fine 2-story cottage; fine
crounds; |M 00; make offer.
$li.si»— Kents SS3: residence and fiats; lot 6Ex
ITO to rear Etreet; Fell st., north side, between
Buchanan and Webster.
Washington st., near Broderick; 43*ixlOO;
rents $S3: $12,000.
Corner Pir.e and Franklin; CS\xllO, with good
residence; rent 190; $T3.009.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
REAL ESTATK FOR SALE BY
THOS. JAS. STANTON & CO.,
402 Montgomery ft., rooms 2* and 30.
tei&O— Large corner lot 40:6x90; has 4 flats;
rents for ?44, ar.d corner of 2 fronts vacant large
enrnjcb to buiid 2 stores and 2 fiats; this is a
snap.
SS79&— 3 elegant new flats of €, 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; rent JSS; bay windows, brick
foundation, stone walks and large lot; in the
Wesiern Addition; this Is a. sacrifice.
ft $5000 — 2 large flats as good as new of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each; bay windows and brick
foundation; stone walks and large lot: front-
ing panhandle; these flats are worth J*»k).
t6o»>— Fifteenth st.; 2 elegant new fiats of <|
and 7 rooms and bath each; rood stable for 3 J
horses and carriage; rent $50; near Market 6t. ;
very cheaj.
$125f»-2 little flats near Mason and Pacific
pts. ; rented «tt-ady for $14 per ¦month.
C7CO— 3 fiats on Leavenworth Ft.; street and
ridewalk patent pavements: well rented; a gTcat
bargain.
For sale by THOS JAP. PTANTON & CO.,
. 4i>2 Montgomery st., rooms Z) and 80.
F<">n sale, ches.fi — On Howard «.. between
Fourth and Fifth, lot 20xS0, with 5-story
buildlnr renting at $141 per month. Apply
BEW DRUG CO.. Alameda.
NEW d-roora r^eidence, with aJI latest im-
provements, can be bought very cheap. Ap-
ply S7; 1 Frurtwnth St.. near Noe.
FOR sale, cheap — New 2-story houses. 7 rooms; |
latest improvements: Nix 1 and Hill sts. ; near 1
castro-st. cars; patent sidewalk.
HOUSE cf 13 rooms, and bath, on Minna St.,
near Third. Address box 1012. Call office.
$C3ro — GREAT sacrifice on account of sudden
departure; j ne w substantial b^y-window flats,
£ and ( r>oms and bath each; 23d and Noe sta.
Acdrers Box 424», Call.
FORHCLOFU'RE Bale— I20CO; tw-j choice flats of
i rooms each, rent'.r.g fcr SIS; make offer. At
fit Valley Ft., near Noe, cr SPECK & CO.,
C 67 Market St. •
NEW ¦¦.*•* '?<*-* and flats for tale on
Pierce ami Waller sts., near Halght; over 30 |
houses fiM in ram« block. Terms to cult by
F. NELPON. builder.
f37f* — LOT and J-story brick house; runny ride
fouth Psrk. near Third St.; S rooms; also I
larre «hnr- «n rear yard. By WM. HE.N-
DRICKSGN & CO.. 614 Call building.
MODERN cottage: 8 rooms; cable line; hot-
rif-use: chicken yard; garden; $3250. H. J. 1
EEEGELKEN. 4« Jackson Bt.
FINE residence— sCooo; Clay »t.. bet. Buchanan
end Webster. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11 Uont-
grrrrry rt
It 1; Al. ESTATE— COINTRY — For Sale
ASTONISHING ciTer; $30 to $73 r*r acre; C to
200 acres; sire tracts to suit; cash, easy terms
or might take part in exchange; all very
finest; highly cultivated level loam; In most
desirable location; within IVi miles, by level
rprlnkled road, from Napa: unsurpassed for
fruit, vineyard, olives, nuts. corn, etc.; now
raising immense rrops of grain: unequal"*!
for poultry busine?"; 2 living creeks; abund-
ance well water: complete ct buildings; scat-
tering large caks: would be cheap even at
$10 fi i*r acre; better than stated.
N. D. 6XCKKLS, THE LAND AGENT.
10 Geary et.. opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
A LIST of Facial Bargain*— When sending for
tr.y catalogue always state about what Is
wanted, amount to Invest, etc, ; I'll thrn also j
;-j.-nlsh a specially prepared list cf "snap" I
bargains near what you want, net In cata-
lcjrue. While I make a «>i>ecial feature of
Napa and S:Tiorr.a County places. I'm person-
ally acquainted with over SyOO ranches for j
rale or exchange in California — more than any '
ether ten ag»nts In the State. I travel nearly
a.: the time. in«v*ctlr.g cour.try property.
N. D. FICKKLP. the Land Agent.
10 Geary st.. ojip. Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
6ANTA CLARA Valley fruit, farming and
ftock lands; owner's sale in tracts of S to £00
acres: taey terms, or will exchange for Saa
Franc;«co property. Arp'y to C. H. PHIL-
LIPS Br.« G. C. VACHELL. 20 Monteomery
et.. between 11 •. m. and 2 p. m. dally.
D ACRES— House: barn: farming tools; incu-
bator: 4 acres v»rT choice fruit trees; nice
New I>.F'.j>.nil home; Oakland CS miles; JI29Q.
Call at 525 f-utter st.
POR tale or exchang* for improved San FYaiy.
Cisco property fruit ranch I^2 acre?; value
tOTOO. ACdress H. F. SPEITZEN. Watsonville.
MILLBRAE lots and block?: fenced: water
works. EUTTERFIF.LD. K7 Market st.
TES. S3 per acre up: farm list; fr»e fare. M.
OnrrFKN'. 71» Market St., rear C^ll buiHin*.
ROOM** KOlt noCSKKUEPINO,
BOND, 16— Two or three furnished or unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
BUS H. 2. r .!B— 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping; adults only.
BORROW on diamonds and Jewels; no'.lte at-
tention. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CALIFORNIA, 2T23— Sunny parlor* ; rooms for
light housekeeping; baih; reasonable; private
family.
CLASSIFIED advert isements ajid Fu^rlp) ions
received at Call branch office. 1220 Fillmor* Bt.
CLAY. 24T1. riear FMlmore— 2 large unfurnished
ronms; yard; water; r^ar; rent $7.
EDDY. 207— Neatly furnishpd double sunny
rooms, Fultable fr.r two gentlemen or tight
hounekecr'ine. with gas.
EDDY. «5— 4 unfurn. runny roorrs; flnHy pa-
pred: u.Il conveniences; fine location; private.
EIGHTH, 848. n«»ar Market— Two sunny front
rooms, with or wlthnut kitchen, furnished for
houaekeerlnr: private family.
FOURTH. 215— Ftirnisfced rnomn. suitable for
light housekeeping;: also single.
HARRISON. 7*44. near Fnurth-Finely fur-
r.lshed sunny roms; bath; all modern im-
provements; homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD. 761i4— Sur.ny bay-window suite;
kitchen; jr.an and wire; others; reasonable.
LEAVEN WORTH, 225— Large unfurnished bay-
windcw room; adults; $10.
MCALLISTER. 408—4 unfurnished sunny rooms,
bcth and yard: reasonable.
MCALLISTER. tSO — Furnished rooms for light
boßsekeepicj:.
MIFSION. 1219— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
complete; no children.
N n C. IJ3— 2 or 4 sunny rooms; modern lewer
flat; coal stove; grate; yard; $10 up.
OJTAVIA. 41J— Runny houneke«pinc aod other
rooms. J4. JC and $;i): bath, etc.
POLK, ien- 2 sunny fror.t rarlora. unfurnished,
with oath.
BTEVKNSON. C<2. bet. Seventh and~El«rhth-
Furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; central.
THIRD. 216— Front sunny housekeeping rooms;
rent reasonable.
VHRONA place, 7". near Third— Runny rooms,
$1: front room, rood for housekeeping.
A BP.ANCII off- c for C*II adverti^ment* and
ru».<-r-rir.:lr;ne has b*en fMahliKhed at the
northwest corner of Twenty-»econd and Ken-
tucky Ft*. ; /-.p«m until 9 p. xn.
A BRANCH office for the /-eceutlon of adver-
tlseirxintF and subscriptions has been opened
11 1222 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubwrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
W-r.'-ia ft. - ...
ROOMS TO LET — Pnrn. and I nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 "sixth'— Rooms
Be to $1 per eight; $1 25 to $S per week, and
itjrht housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk an* Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms Me to $1 U> day. MRS. J. KINO.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE/ C 24 Bush st.. ad-
joining th» P.uss Hotel; U rooms; all prices.
AT 12 Second— nice new papered and reno-
vated front rooms : $1 JO to *2 60 a week.
BOHEMIA, J3X Poet. cor. Rtockton-Slngle and
cor. eunny Fulte* for gentlemen and families;
spec, rates tourists: elevator: all conveniences.
BORROW on piancn, furniture, diamonds.
pair.tmrs: secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant tr.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. fold No. 1364)— Fur-
dehed rms.. suites, tingle; also unfurniahed.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and Unfurn.
CARROLTON. 12CK Mark«T^o7!~GolfieiTGate
aye. — Sunny cerner: well turn.; rms. & office)?.
CLASSIFIED advertieenlents and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore «t.
FIFTH. 119— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms, tl £0 up ; fiat. MRS. PE ARSON._
FOLSOM. Slo— Sunny front room and kitchen;
furnished complete; man and wife; no chil-
dren.
FOLSOM. S«5, corner Sixtß" (The Oliver)— Sunny
furrished rooms; suite* or single; new mgt.
28 FIRST ST.— Neat sunny furnished rooms to
rent;. Jl Der week. . .-
GEARY. 406 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House. 192 Seventh— Sunny fufntished
roomy; day or week; reasonable^
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast cor. Seventh
and Mirslon sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Flngle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; 81 SO to $6 per ****¦
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD R29— Clean, respectable; 2Sc-»l per
night: Jl-$3 per week; Howard cars to door.
HYDE. 408— Sunny furnished rooms, suitable
for two: ?8 to JB. '
HYDE 40S— Sunny furnished; folding bed; saa,
bath; JiO; also single. }?¦
MARKET. 935— Furnished front room; above
Halt- Bros. Apply IPS Eddy St.
MINNA. 6C7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. Jl per weak; transient.
OAK. 116—1 large bedroom, with closet, gas and
bath; furniture and carpets new; private.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ROPEDAI.E. 321 Ellis, near Taylor— loo rooms;
tSe a night: $1 a week: transient.
ROYAL House. 121 Ellis St.— lncandescent light,
reading room. Emoklng room and ladles' par-
lcr; rooms, per nicM. 33c to tl 50; week, J2 to
$*: month. tS to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms .with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth St..
r.ear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TEHAMA. I,9— Furnished rooms to. let; by the
week or month.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A pood rooming hous«
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. f>43— Nice sunny room for gentleman;
Kaf ard bath; t2 per week; prlrats.
TWENTT^FOURTH. 3T,29 — Bay-window fur-
nished front room for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions hat been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anl
tubtcriptlona has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; npen till 9 p. m.
ROOMS W.VXTED.
WANTED— Sunny suite of handsomely fur-
ni«hed rooms, with modern improvements;
eaFt of Van Ness aye. Address box 4231. Call.
2 OR 3 furnlshod or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; between Twenty-first and Twenty-
ninth and Mission and Guerrero sts. Box 103 L
2 OR 3 furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
j room?; between Twenty-first and Twenty-
ninth am* Mission and Guerrero sts.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan AbVlum Society herewith gives no-
! tke that the following orphan and half or-
phan girls and boys have been admitted to
the Institution from July 1. 1&99, to Jan. 1,
JiOO: Anna M. Clemens. 10 yrs. 3 mos.; The-
resa C. Clemens, 8 yrs. 1 mo. : Petra M.
I Cltmc-ns. 2 its. 9 mos.; Margaret Peterson, 7
yrs. 11 mcs. ; Marguerite Kenij'f, 4 yre. 3 mos. ;
Sarah N. Nlcol, 12 >ts. 10 mos.; Nina E. Mil-
ler. 6 yrs. 1 mo. ; Emily E. Reed. 9 yrs. 10
mos.: Margaret Brocks. 11 yrs. 3 mos.; Mary
i Brock*, 10 yrs. 2 mos.; Ethel Brooks, 6 yrs.
6 most: Sibella Bar.k, 5 yrs.; Cruz Isura. 9
yrs. 4 mos. ; Ro«>ol Isura. 8 yrs. t mcs. ; Vin-
cent Isura. 7 yrs. 7 mos.; Alvln C. Rupky,
11 yr«. 7 mos.: Carl S. Bonicke. S yrs. 11 mos.;
Frank Bonicke. 7 yrs. 6 mos.; John
Peterson, .'< yrs. 11 mo?.; Charles Pet-
I ernin, 4 yrs. 5 mos. ; William Peterson,
j 2 >r». 6 mos.; Victor Olsen. 15 yrs.; Myron
! A. Day, 9 yrs. 11 mos.: Henry E. Day. 7 yra.
10 mos.; Charles K. Foster, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Lincoln G. Foster, 2 yrs. 10 mos. ; George
Kempf, 4 yrs. S mos.: William Paull. 10 yrs.
6 mcs.: Rudolph. 6 yr*. 6 mos. ; George N.
I Nlcol, t yra. 2 mos.; Walter F. Nlcol. 4 yrs.
I * moe.; William J. Riddle. « yrs.; Leslie L.
Riddle. 3 yrs.: Frank Madden, 10 yrs. 3 mos.;
Galen Clark, 14 yrs. 6 mos. ; Percy L. Miller.
7 tts. 11 moi.; George F. Farley, g yrs. 4
mos. ; Percy G. Reed. 4 yrs. X mos. ; Julius J.
Lindner. 2 yrs. 3 mos.: Walter Brooks. '7 yrs.
4 mos. ; George Bank, 1 jr. 5 mos.. and Wil-
liam Kerr. 4 yrs.
MART P. MacCRELLISH.
i Secy. P. O. Asylum. SO7 Pine st.
1 THE G'.rls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives no-
tlre that the following orphans and half or-
rhsns have been received Into the orphanage
from July 1 to December 31. 1539: May Thorn,
% yrs. 1 mo.; Jennie Hussenot. 8 yrs.; Amelia
Hupsenot. 2 yrs. 6 mo.: Isabella Mills. 4 yrs.
i 7 mo.: Anita Roadlet. 2 yrs.: Virginia Klrby.
I 4 yri». 1 mo.; Annie Kearney. 5 yrs. 1 mo.;
Annie Farren. 8 yrs.: Nellie Farren. 6 yrs. 2
\ mo.; Helena Griphen. 2 yr«. * mo.; Eiisa Bar-
dlncka. 8 yrs. 2 mo.; Johanna Daley. 10 yrs.;
Mary Daley. 9 yrs : Martha Valient, S yrs. ;
Alice Valient. 3 yrs.: Anneta Alviso, 6 yrs.;
I Geneva Alviso. 9 yrs.: Gadulupe Alviso. 8
I yrs.; Antonla Hussenot, 6 yrs.; Albert Kear-
riey. 6 yrs. 8 mo.; Willie Farren. 3 yrs. 1 mo.;
Gerald Griphen. 5 yrs 6 tno.; Charles Foun-
tain, c yrs. 7 mo.: Howard Jenkins. 5 yru. ;
Joseph Frederick. 2 yrs. t mo.; Celia Basana.
5 yrs : Irene Basana. 4 yrs.
ROOM? papered from t3; whitened, tl up;
painting dene. Hartman Paint Co.. 119 Third.
BAD *»r.ar:« reeled T^r $4: collections made;
; city or country. PACIFIC OOLLF.CTION CO..
<ir. M^ntron-ei-r rf.. r~iB« *-W: t#l. BSJ9.
BBWIJVG MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine
supplies. Standard Agency, 143 Sixth at.:
phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, snid, exr+isnged, rented; ra-
rairing at lowest rates 2".* Fourth »t.
STOHAGK AND WAREHOUSES.
Pirß(*E-RODOLPH Ptomge nnd Movlng^CoT
Of fie*. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tot Main K7l>.
TO LEASE.
HOME: 2 old people; house, barn, well; lot
110x100; cor. Craut and Marshal! sts.. near
Mission car line; I»»nse jtlven to good tenant;
t6 per month. JOOST BROS., Eleventh and
Mis-ion fits.
ALAMEDnpYERTISEMENTi
ALAJtIEDA REAL ESTATES. .
IF you want a house built to ruit, on easy
terms and At moderate cost, call on J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park rt.
A BOMB— Send description, condition and loca-
tion; I will find you one. A. R. DENKE Br..
1400 Webster st.. Alamedi.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
J^S'X) — NEW. modern 8-room house: close to U.
C. ; street improved.
t2ooo— Neat 7-room house; near depot; street
improved.
Jsf.O— l^ots on Grove st.. ore of the prettiest
streets in town; termi to suit.
O. O. MAY A CO.,
Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or rent— Beautiful 10-room house;
large grounds; fruit trees; chicken houses.
C 74 East Tw-nty-plxth Ht.. Oakland.
THE fir»t-class. old-eKtabllshed business; good
reasons for selling; rare chance. E. E.
ni'XlT, »•* Prfadwav. Oakland.
OAKLAND rtIIXITUHB KUII SALK.
AN introduction to you from H. SchellhaaT'the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ASSESS3IEXT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wlttra^PropeUerConn
pany. office and principal place of business
227 Market »t., San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a mentinx of
the Bo:-rd of Directors, held on fche Uth day
cf December, 1?83. «n assessment (No 7) of
one O) cent per chare was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately In United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company -at the
above address. '« -
Any stock upon which fht» assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 22nd day of January.
1900. will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment is
made before, will be sold on the 12th day of
February. .^-0. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. CHARLES A. HUG. Be<;retsry,
227 Market it.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 101 (50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the ofHce of the
company. 327 Market st., on and after Thurs-
day. February 1. 1900. Transfer books will
close on Friday. January 26, 1900, at 8 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, 'Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 75 (23c per
Ehare) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY, will be payable at the
office of the company. No. 327 Market St.. en
nnd after Saturday, January 20. 1300. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday. January 18,
19C0, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Charles J. White, iZ, Monterey, and Alice
Escolle, 26, city. t
Joseph P. Barellie. 24, city, and Marie A.
Cassles, 24, city.
. John B. Free!, 42, city, and Mary Davy, 27,
Cincinnati.
Jesae K. Godiey, 81, city, and Mary S. McMul-
lirt. 27, city.
William H. Perkins, 21. Sonoma County, and
Edith M. Proctor. 19. city.
Charles R. Stone, 22, Tomales, and Elvezla
Calicari, 22, Tomales.
William O. MUl«r, 24. city, and Alma Hex-
toum, IS, city.
Louis Lippert, 26, 3 Hayward street, and
Marguerite Young, 20, 21A Vandewater street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. Theymust be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
MOON— In this city. January 19, 1900, to the
wife of M. W. Moon, a daughter.
WOERNER— In this city, January 18, 1900, to
the wife of C. H. Woerner, a daughter.
married!
BIELICH— BOLLINGER— In this city, January
17, 1300, by the Rev. W. D. Crabb. George M.
Blelich and Theresia F. Bolllnger.
MILLER— HEXTRUM— In this city, January
19, 19tH>. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
William Otis Miller and Alma Hextrum, both
of San FrancUco.
HOURIGAN-RODGERS — In. Oakland, Cal..
January IS, l? 00, at the residence of Dr. H. B.
Mehrmanrf, by Justice Qulnn, James E. Hor-
rigan of Bradford, Pa., and Annie Belle
Rodsers of San Francisco.
DIEIX
Brooman. Laura W. Lockwood, Liana
Hutler. Elizabeth McLain. Albert H.
Chamberlln. Mary Martin. Charles
Collet, Mrs. Clemen- Mendelsohn Abraham
tine Miller. Charles H.
Cook, Ellen O'Brien, Patrick
Curran. Annie M. O'Connor, Michael
Falkenberp. Mrs.C.H. Pattee. Frank M.
Freeman, Robert Patton. Thomas
Grelner. Christiana Poor. Fred M.
Ha«selwander. John Porter, Agnes K.
Hogan, Dennis Quirk. Mamie
Jester. John W. Kehutte. Margaret I.
Joyce. Charles Simpson. Alice M.
Judson. Marie L. Stanley, Capt. W. 8.
Kelly. Ellen. Maggie Walker. Annie E.
ar.d Rebecca Walton. Marttn C.
Kennedy. Mary Wiggins, Elizabeth
Kiefer, Barbara Williamson. Henry
BROOMAN*— In the City and County Hospital,
January 19, 1900. Laura W. Brooman, a na-
tive of Indiana, aeed 36 years.
BUTLER— In this city. January 19, 1900. Eliza-
beth, relict of the late Michael Butler, and
mother of the late James Butler, a native of
Ireland, aged 6S years.
CHAMBERLIN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 19, liW). Mary Chamberlln, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 37 years.
COLLET— In this city. January 17; 5900. Mrs.
Clementine Collet, beloved wife of the late
Fortune Collet, and mother of Mrs. Adele
Keplng, Mrs. Clementina Ingersen and Eu-
gene and Alohcnse Collet, a native of France,
ased £2 years 3 months and 1 day.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the Pacific
Undertaking Parlors. 777 Mission street, near
Fourth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COOK— Entered into rest in this city, at IDO3
Baker (street, January 15. IWO, Ellen Cook, a
native of Kentucky, aged 80 years.
CT'Services private. Please omit flowers.
CURHAN— In this city. January 19. 1900. Annla
M., beloved wife of the late Timothy Curran,
and mother of Anna, Edward. William and
the late Frank Curran and Mrs. J. B. Ryan,
a native of Limerick, Ireland.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
FALKENBERU — In this city. January 19, 1900,
Mrs. Caroyline Holmes Falkenberg, wife of
Captain Nelsen 11. Falkenberg, a native of
Green Bay, Wis., aged 62 years 10 months and
IS days.
FREEMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
January IS, 1900, Robert Freeman, a native of
Kncland, ased 56 years.
GREINER— In this city, January IS, 1900, Chris-
tiana Greiner, beloved mother of Mrs. Frank
Lester. Mrs. George W. Waltenbaugh and the
late Henry and Amelia Greiner. and grand-
mother of Grace V. and Edward Lester, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 61 years 8 months and
21 days.
(T7Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlte.l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(t<unday>, at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 6UI Tennessee street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cenletery.
HASSELWANDER— In this city, January 18,
l? 00, John, dearly beloved husband of Louise
Hasselwander, son-in-law of Mrs. C.
Schwerdt. and brother-in-law of Gussie and
Connie fc'chwerdt, a native of Cincinnati,
Ohio, aged 3o yearn 4 months and 6 days.
HOGA.V- In the City and County Hospital,
January 1 9 . l'-wo. Dennis Hocan, a native of
Ireland, aged 25 years.
JESTEII— In the City and County Hospital,
January IS, l»00. John W. Jester, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged C 8 years.
JOYCE— In this city. January 13. 1300. Charles
Joyce, beloved husband of Elizabeth Joyce,
and father of Mabel Joyce, a native of Brent-
ford. England, aged 3S years 2 months and 13
days. (Honolulu, H. 1., papers please copy.)
C^Friendf and acquaintances and members
of Burnaby Lodge No. 194, Sons of St. George,
and Bister lodges. San Francisco Aerie No. 5,
F. O. E., and Ahwashte Tribe No. 89, Impd.
O. R. M., are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock,
from the hall of Burnaby Lodge. Shiels build-
ing. 32 O'Farrell street. Remains at the par-
lors of A. W. Martin & Co.. US Geary street.
AHWASHTE Tiib* No. 89. Impd. O. R. M.—
Officers and brothers are hereby notified to
a*!"Miil>l' 1 at the wigwam to-morrow (Sunday),
at 12 o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother. Charlps Joyce.
GEORGE D. KEELEY, Sachem.
J. T. CARROLL. Chief of Records.
SAN FRANCISCO Aerl« No. 5. F. O. E.— Offl-
rers and members are requested to meet at
their lodgeroom at 12 o'clock sharp to-morrow
(Sunday), for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late brother. Charles J. Joyce.
Uy order of the aerie. .
OtIS POHLMANN. S»cretary.
JUDSON— In this city. January IS. ISOO, Marie
L. Judson. a native of Virginia, aged 73 years
& months and 13 days. (Baltimore, Washing-
ton and Los Angeles papers please copy.)
cyFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, under the
auspices of Golden Gate Chapter No. 1, Order
Kastern Star. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
KELLY— In this city, January 18, 1900, Ellen,
Maggie and Rebecca (triplets), beloved
daughters of Timothy T. and Elizabeth Kelly,
natives of San Francisco, aged 1 day.
KENNEDY— In this city, January 18, 1900.
Mary Kennedy, beloved wife of the^ late Den-
nis Kennedy, a native of Roras Town, parish
, of Drum, County Tlpperary. Ireland, aged £6
years.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1701 Eddy street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment private.
KIEFER— In this city. January 18. 1900. Bar-
bara, relict of the late Michael Kiefer. and
beloved mother of Theodore Kiefer and Mrs
Henry Ives. a native of Bavaria. Germany!
aged 83 years. (New York and New Orleans
papers please copy.)
ICTFrfends and acquaintances are rospect-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parfora of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street.
LOCKWOOD- In this city. January 18, 1900 at
her residence, . 215 Shotwell street. Liana
Lockwood. beloved mother ,of Mrs. A. L.
Crews. William Lockwood and Mrs. C. T
Martin, a native of New York City, aged 79
years 2 monthn and 8 days. (New York and
I*)* Angeles papers please- copy.) •
tr7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Grace M
E. Church, corner of Capp and Twenty-first
street. -Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
8:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
McLAIN— In this city, January IS, l&oo, Albert
H. McLain, a native of Michigan, aged 32
yrars.
MARTIN— In the City and County Hospital
January 19, 1900, Charles Martin, a native of
New York, aged 24 years.
MENDELSOHN —In Watsonville, Abraham
beloved husband of Minnie Mendelsohn'
father of Joseph, Majt and Samuel Mendel-
sohn, son of Aaron "and Julia Mendelsohn, and
brother of Mrs. Esther Harris. Mrs. Beekle
Winzler and Ben. Ike, Harry and Badle Men-
delsohn, a native of Poland, aged 36 years 10
months and 11 days.
MILLER— In this city, January 19. 1900, at his
residence. 2312 Stelner street. Charles H. Mil-
ler, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 89 years
and 7 months.-
O'BRIEN— In this city. January 18, 1900, Tat-
rick. beloved husband of the late Ellen
hLNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
' (Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Ltncotn School.
Telefilm* Soutfi SO.
11
3un r
>un i
Vloon
& i
13 ...
10 ...
tl ...
!2...
!3 ...
M ...
lses 7:22
Bets.. 5:20
risw • 10:04 p. m.
ITlme Time Time Time
\ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IHW ¦ t. W HW L.W
2:14 6.1 .7:41 J.B 1:35 4.6 7:33 0.8
2:41 5.1 «:24 2.4 1:21 4.2 8:03 1.3
3:10 6.0 9:13 2.1 3:12 3.9 8:83 l.s
3:39 S.I 10:10 1.9 4:2S 3.5 9:15 2.2
4:13 5.1 11:12 1.5 6:54 3.6 10:03 8.6
4:50 15.2 12:14 1.2 7:21 3.4 11:10 8.0
5:39 6.4 1:11 0.« 8:35 3:6 .".
t. W H W L. W H W
0:23 3.2 6:21 6.6 ,2;OS 0.1 9:30 4.4
TE— la the abov* Mtfoaltian oX the tides
!5 ...l
16 ...
no:
Steamer.
I From. I Due.
State of.Cal
Washtenaw ....
Santa Cruz
Tlllamook
Empire
I ¦ mat I lla
Pomona
Samoa
Telluu
Progreso
B. Adamson....
Santa Rosa
Caarlna
Jeanle
Volumnla
Homer
Chag. Nelson...
Columbia
Coos Bay
Point Arena
Crescent City...
Arcata
Mattenwan
Miami
I>ady Jolcey
.[Portland [Jan. i
.IComox | Jan. !
.(Newport > jJan. :
.ITlllamook I.Tan. !
.Coos Bay _.!Jan. :
.Victoria & Pueet Soundman. :
. Humboldt ?..iJan. i
.Humboldt jJara. !
.Departure Bay Jan. !
. Tacoma — (Jan. !
. Nanalmo — (Jarr. 1
.[Srtn Difiyo ....l.Tan. '
.IPuget Sound {Jan. :
• IDeparture Bay _IJan. :
.j Hamburg i.fan. :
.(Oregon Ports... — . Jan. :
Jpuget Sound -.. Jan. :
. Portland. Jan.
. Newport — ... Jan. !
. Point Arena «.... Jan. :
. iCrescent'Clty — — Jan. !
.Icooa Bay ~ Jan. i
.jComox — Jan. :
.(Departure Bay — [Jan. !
.China and Japan — Jan. !
a
20
21
21
21
22
22
21
23
•>3
2?
za
M
23
o
2.i
25
B
S
n
Corona
North Fork
.!?an Diego _ Jan. '.
.jHumboldt ~ Man. !
27
n
Curacao
Queen
Orizaba
.Mexico - Jan. i
.Victoria & Pugft 9oandJan. :
. Humboldt i Jan . i
n-
27
27
27
3un r
>un i
Vloon
& i
13 ...
10 ...
tl ...
!2...
!3 ...
M ...
lses 7:22
Bets.. 5:20
risw • 10:04 p. m.
ITlme Time Time Time
\ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
IHW ¦ t. W HW L.W
2:14 6.1 .7:41 J.B 1:35 4.6 7:33 0.8
2:41 5.1 «:24 2.4 1:21 4.2 8:03 1.3
3:10 6.0 9:13 2.1 3:12 3.9 8:83 l.s
3:39 S.I 10:10 1.9 4:2S 3.5 9:15 2.2
4:13 5.1 11:12 1.5 6:54 3.6 10:03 8.6
4:50 15.2 12:14 1.2 7:21 3.4 11:10 8.0
5:39 6.4 1:11 0.« 8:35 3:6 .".
t. W H W L. W H W
0:23 3.2 6:21 6.6 ,2;OS 0.1 9:30 4.4
TE— la the abov* Mtfoaltian oX the tides
!5 ...l
16 ...
no:
Steamer.
I From. I Due.
State of.Cal
Washtenaw ....
Santa Cruz
Tlllamook
Empire
I ¦ mat I lla
Pomona
Samoa
Telluu
Progreso
B. Adamson....
Santa Rosa
Caarlna
Jeanle
Volumnla
Homer
Chag. Nelson...
Columbia
Coos Bay
Point Arena
Crescent City...
Arcata
Mattenwan
Miami
I>ady Jolcey
.[Portland [Jan. i
.IComox | Jan. !
.(Newport > jJan. :
.ITlllamook I.Tan. !
.Coos Bay _.!Jan. :
.Victoria & Pueet Soundman. :
. Humboldt ?..iJan. i
.Humboldt jJara. !
.Departure Bay Jan. !
. Tacoma — (Jan. !
. Nanalmo — (Jarr. 1
.[Srtn Difiyo ....l.Tan. '
.IPuget Sound {Jan. :
• IDeparture Bay _IJan. :
.j Hamburg i.fan. :
.(Oregon Ports... — . Jan. :
Jpuget Sound -.. Jan. :
. Portland. Jan.
. Newport — ... Jan. !
. Point Arena «.... Jan. :
. iCrescent'Clty — — Jan. !
.Icooa Bay ~ Jan. i
.jComox — Jan. :
.(Departure Bay — [Jan. !
.China and Japan — Jan. !
a
20
21
21
21
22
22
21
23
•>3
2?
za
M
23
o
2.i
25
B
S
n
Corona
North Fork
.!?an Diego _ Jan. '.
.jHumboldt ~ Man. !
27
n
Curacao
Queen
Orizaba
.Mexico - Jan. i
.Victoria & Pugft 9oandJan. :
. Humboldt i Jan . i
n-
27
27
27
Steamer. I Destination. |
Sails. | PUr.
¦ ¦* ¦ I i
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Jan.
Arcata Coo 3 Bay Uan.
A. Blanched Coos Bay Jan.
Corona |San Dieuo Jan.
Walla "WaUiVlc & Pgt Sd. Jan.
North Fork;Humboldt Jan.
Newburg ...JGraya Harbor|Jan.
State of Cal, Portland iJan.
Bonlta [San Pedro iJan.
China ! China& Japan'jJan.
Moana Sydney IJan.
Orizaba .... HumboMt !Jan.
Samoa JHumboldt [Jan.
j _____
. 20. 1 pmiPler 2
. 70. 10 am Pier 13
. JO, 2 pmlPler 13
. 21. 11 am Pier 11
. 21. 1U am Pier 9
. .2. 0 am 1 Pier 2
. 22. S pin
. 23, 10am;Pi*r 24
. 25, 9" am, Pier 11
. 24. 1 pmlPIISS
. 24, 8 pnvPler 7
. 24, 2 pm.Pier 9
. 24. Wim'Plwn
Santa Rosa.iSan Diego. ...!jan.
. _T., 11 am; Pier 11
ETCcelsior .. Alaska iJan.
Umatilla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Jan.
. 25. 9 ampler 3t
. 2«, lOamfPler 9
Coos r.ay...| Newport jJan.
. 27. 9 am!Pier 11
Columbia ..jPortland Jan.
Lady .Iclcey!China& Japan 1 Jan.
. 2S, 10 am 'Pier 24
. 30, 1 pmlFought a Policeman.
James Smith, alias "Scarface" Butler,
p. negro stable hand In the cmjploy of Ed
Tale of Missing Diamonds.
Nathan Joseph. C4l Clay street, secured
a warrant yesterday from Judge Cabaniss
for the arrest of one M. Goldstein on the
charge of felony emlx^zzlement. He al
leged that he gave Goldstein a pair of dia
mond earrings valued at $2<X>o to take to
the Klondike to id] and that Goldstein re
turned without the diamonds or money,
saying that the woman he had sold them
to in the Klondike had not the money to
pay for them. Guidsteln was arrested.
"As I understand It. an X ray will go
straight through a man's head. There Is
nothing else quite so penetrating, la
there?"
"Oh. I don't know. Did you ever hear
my daughter slr.g?"
Insane Hospital to Be Improved.
Yesterday afternoon Dr. Hatch, general
superintendent of the Hospital for the
Insane, and John F. Carrere, secretary of
the State Commission of Lunacy, visited
Mayor Phelan for the purpose of confer
ring In regard to the condition of the In
sane Detention Hospital. The three gen
tlemen inspected the hospital and found
that a number of radical changes are ne
cessary therein. It was decided that the
great need of the institution is more room.
Thelnterior construction and arrangement
requires alteration and the changes will
be recommended to the Board of Super
visors, who will take action as soon as
possible.
COURT NOTES
Mrs. Dora Lavelley secured a warrant
from Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest of Mrs. Loring, 313 Eddy street,
on a charge of battery upon her oy
scratching her face. She also secured a
search warrant to recover her effects.
The case of John B Warren, first mate
of the British ship Leyderhorn, charged
with battery upon Oscar Haak, boatswain,
January 9, was dismissed by Judge Fritz
yesterday, as it was shown Haak was the
aggressor.
J. T. Sullivan of the Hotel Oriel se
cured a warrant from Judge Cabanlss yes
terday for the arrest of Mrs. E. L. Briggs
on the charge of defrauding him out of
$C 5.
Mock Hln, a Chinese, was fined $100
yesterday with the alternative of 100 days
In the County Jail by Judge Mogan for
Belling opium without a physician's pre
scription.
Santo Balishare, a boy 11 years of age,
was convicted yesterday of petty larceny
by Judge Mogan for stealing a quantity
of cigars and cigarettes from a store at
Sixth and Folsom streets. He was sent
to the Boys' and Girls' Aid Solclety.
The case of Tobias Burke, conductor on
the Folsom street line, charged with bat
tery upon Mrs. Annie Welsh, 120 Rlpley
street, Thursday, was called in Judge Ca
banlss' court yesterday and continued till
next Thursday.
Judge Murasky has taken under advise
ment the petition of Lillian Dale to enjoin
acting Chief Blggy and the rest of the
force from breaking up her business at
the Hotel Nymphia, The matter was ar
gued yesterday.
The Inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late William A. Piper was
filed yesterday. A. O. Colton. G. H. Umb-
LAWRENCE USED
DAN BURNS TO
BACK UP ESOLA
Commissioners Re
sume Investigation.
>
M'NAB GUILTY OF CONTEMPT
REFUSED TO TELL OF PRE-ELEC
TION COMPACTS.
Lees Testified That the Lieutenant
Was a Disgruntled Officer, In
capable of Properly Hand
ling the Department.
?
Fred L. Ksola, who. desires to be Chief
of Police of this city, learned a great deal
about himself last night during the inves
tigation of the charges filed against him
with the Commissioners. The second day's
session of the sensational hearing lasted
until midnight, with but half the story
told.
The proceedings were punctuated with
many exciting incidents. Gavin McXab
was called upon to testify to the fa
mous meetings held between A. M.
Lawrence, Mayor Phelan. F. L. Esola
and himself, where it is alleged the
bargain was made to elevate Esola
to the position of Chief. He declined to
answer the lawyer's question, denying
the right of Jurisdiction of the commis
sion. He was adjudged guilty of con
tempt, and Chairman Thomas sentenced
him to imprisonment in his own office
during business hours. This in a measure
turned the investigation into a farce, but
it assumed a more serious air as the night
progressed.
Both Esola and Lawrence brazenly ad
mitted that the former had secured his
position on the police force through the
influence of Dan Burns, and that Law
rence had "worked" Burns for the Job.
The most damaging testimony against the
ambitious lieutenant was given by ex-
Chief Lees and was strengthened by
Esola's own demeanor on the witness
stand.
Ben Chambers was recalled when the
commission resumed the investigation.
He stated that the Examiner had attack
ed McComb immediately after Esola was
discharged from his position as guard at
San Quentin and continued its abuse un
til McComb resigned. His reason for
keeping Esola in his position as long as
he nad was to keep Lawrence from at
tacking the administration of the prison.
This was simply his opinion and was not
based upon anything that Lawrence had
said to him.
"Do you know that Esola was retained
at the prison through the influence of
Lawrence?" asked Commissioner New
hall.
"That was my opinion, for I could see
no other reason for keeping him there,"
was the reply,
Ex-Police Commissioner William Al
vord testified that he had never heard of
Esola having any detective or executive
ability and that he is not the kind of
man he would select for Chief. He repu
diated a statement in the Examiner to
the effect that he indorsed Esola's can
didacy. Then came Gavin McNab. The
audience expected much from the well
known politician and it was not disap
pointed.
"I was introduced to Mr. Esola once,"
he said. "I know Andrew M. Lawrence
and I have met Mayor Phelan."
He said that while he was a Democrat
he was not aiiillated with any of the party
organizations and explained his differ
ences with the Rainey-Lawrence branch
of it. While the Democratic convention of
1599 was in ¦session he visited the Exam
iner office with Mayor Phelan and met
Lawrence there.
The questions were then asked if the
Chief of Police matter was discussed; if
Lawrence did not demand that Esola be
appointed in the event of Phelan's elec
tion; and if Lawrence had not said that
If such an agreement was not entered
into Phelan could not expect the support
of the Examiner. Mr. McNab declined to
answer the questions, claiming that the
Commissioners had no power to compel
him to do so. Finally, when urged, he
replied to the latter In the negative, but
positively refused to answer the others.
lie was adjudged guilty of contempt, witn
the result as stated.
Many of Esola's shortcomings were re
lated by his ex-Chief, I. W. Lees, who
said that he was a disgruntled officer, un
willing to work and had never become
proficient in any of his duties. He also
said that during his brief stay In China
town he had drawn the department into
endless trouble through his inexcusable
blunders.
As a witness called by his prosecutors,
Esola was a decided success. He stated
without a blush that he was the real
thing In police officers and claimed to be
everything that Chief Lees said he was
not. After going through the story of his
early life he reached the point where he
had bloomed out as the messenger boy
for Lawrence during the Hearst Senato
rial fight at Sacramento. From that he
went on to tell how he became a guard
at San Quentln through Lawrence's Influ
ence. He denied that Chris Buckley had
anything to do with his appointment, and
contended that he had resigned from his
position as a guard and that he had not
been discharged, as the record shows. He
admitted that there Is an entry on the
prison books showing that he was dis
charged for violation of prison rules, but
asserted that he did not know it was there
until he read of it in the papers.
Getting down to the Meader affidavit,
he said he knew both Mr. and Mrs.
Meader before their marriage; that he
was present at the ceremony, and that he
gave his name to the Justice of the Peace
as Fred Harrington. His reason for do
ing it, he said, was that it was a runaway
match, and he did not want his folks to
know that he was mixed up In it. He also
admitted that while he was working at
Mayrisch's cigar factory, he was known
by the name of Harrington. He explained
this by saying that he was captured there
by one of the girls, whose name was Josie
Harrington, that in a measure she
claimed him as her particular property,
and from that on he was known by the
name of Harrington.
"I waa appointed on the police force
November 4, 1892 " he continued, "through
the influence of Dan Burns. Andrew Law
rence had requested Mr. Burns to interest
himself in my behalf."
Esola acknowledged having taken many
trips to the springs and one to the East
with Mr. Lawrence, and always drew full
pay, unless the Commissioners objected,
which they did but once.
In an effort to show that Esola had no
educational qualifications for the poslt'.oa
of Chief. Attorney McGowan wanted him
to write a simple composition on any sub
ject, but he was saved by the objections
of the Commissioners, who agreed to look
over his reports and form from them
their conclusions as to the point raised.
A. M. Lawrence testified that he had
sought Burns' assistance in gettin<
Esola on the police force. Some unim
portant testimony was given by ex-f Jeu
tenant William Price, Sergeant H. J.
Wright, Harry .N. Morse and Notary Pub
lic Craig, and the commission adjourne-l
to resume the investigation at 4 o'clock
this afternoon.
HOP SING TONG
PRESIDENT HAY
BE IN PRISON
Chinese Sleuths Work
With Police.
TERROR REIGNS IN CHINATOWN
.SCARCELY A HIGHBINDER RE
MAINS WITHIN CITY LIMITS. I
Officers Still Guard Jue Bun's Resi
dence, but Interpreters Are at
Variance as to Contents of
"Warnine Letter.
Chinese detectives were active In China
town yesterday. They swarmed into
houses In which highbinders were sup
posed to have been secreted and pointed
out to the" police a number of suspected
hatchctrcen. <Jn the strength of their
statements a few arrests were made and
one Chinaman was landed behind the
bars whom the Chinese sleuths designate
as Wong Shi Shu. the much-wanted pres
ident of the Hop Sing Tong. At present
the officers are in doubt as to whether
the information that the leader of 'the
aggressive tor.g is in the hands of the
law is correct, but they positively assert
thai if the prisoner is not at the head of
the society he is one of its leading trus
tees.
The arrest was made by Sergeant Tom
Ellis and posse, to whom the man was
pointed out by several of the Merchants'
tecrot agents, as he passed along the
street. His name was placed on the sma.l
book at the California-street Station and
the Chinese who caused his arrest have
promised positively to prove his identity.
Among the other Chinese under arrest are
Hong Dong, a merchant at COS Jackson
street, alleged to be a director of the
Suey Sing 'long, and Yee Ly, a merchant
at bio Dupont street, and supposed to be
another cirector of the same tor.g. The
arrests were made by Sergeant Duke and
OSicer Connor, who found twenty-nve
pounds of cartridges, molds for making
bullets, a M-caliber revolver and a large
dirk in Yee Ly's room. Strong evidence
has been produced to prove that both men
are connected with tne tongs, and Hong
Dong :s a areU-knoVB highbinder. Another
suspicious Chinese was arrefcled by Orticer
Callahan and others were taken as be
longing to the warrir.g tongs. None of the
Chinese have been bookeu yet, but it is
possible that an effort will be made to de
port them ail.
In the work of ridding Chinatown of the
highbinder element the police have re
ceived Federal aid. Collector of the Port
Jackson has sworn in the police officers
as United States Marshals and Dr. Gard
ner of the Chinese Bureau accompanies
Captain Wittman in his nightly raids.
Chinamen are required to exhibit their
certificates of residence or they are im
mediately turned over to the Federal au
thorities. The raids have caused terror
among the highbinders ar.d it was stated
last Dlgnt that but few of them remained
in Chinatown. The Hop Sings are ¦ de
termined to continue the war, but there
may be a lull in the murder end of the
disturbance until after the holidays or
until the police relax their vigilance.
It is a well-known motto among Chinese
that what they cannot accomplish to-day
they may gain to-morrow, and they nr«
alwayc willing to await their opportunity.
A lading member ot the Hop Sinjj tong
U reported as- having expressed himself
that as his to:;g had been worsted it
would seek red! ess in murder, regardless
Of all consequences.
The tcr.g leaders for whom the police
are now searching are Wong Shi Shu.
president of tl:e Hop Sing tong; Gow
Chung, secretary of the Hop Sing long;
Lum Yok Lip, president of the Suey Sing
long, and Sue Ho Suey, secretary of the
t-ue.v fcing tcr.g.
Two policeman still guard the building
fit 711 Commercial street. Last night Of
ficers Olsen and O'Brien were on duty.
Jue Bun, the contractor, who clainr.-.l
that the highbinders were about to blow
tip the place, pull invokes police protec
tion, and the officers, desiring to take v.o
chances, will afford it to him. The warn
ir.g letter which was received by him was
the subject of a discussion in police cir
cles yesterday. It was poorly written,
and the interpreters vary in their state
ments as to Us contents.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. .One dose will stop
A coufi^ Jitver^Xailj. JTiy It.. AUjSrugglata. • <
ESKRIDGE IN COMMAND.
Reported for Duty as Senior
at the Presidio Yesterday.
The Presidio has passed under the com
mand of Lieutenant Colonel Eskridge of
the Twenty-third Infantry, and Major
Cowles of the Seventeenth, who was In
command, hns charge now of the casual
detachment only. It Is getting to be a
department quite as big In Its way as the
post, and since the further shipment of
recruits from Eastern ports has been or
dered discontinued it will become still
more Important.
Colonel Maus. the Inspector general,
had the squadron of cavalry out on the
parade ground yesterday afternoon. A
full dress parade and review were fol
lowed by some troop maneuvers, and then
the troop quarters and stables were In
spected.
Major Rucker of the Sixth Cavalry,
whom rumor so persistently assigns to
the command of the post, reported for
duty yesterday, but he did not take com
mand of the squadron during the inspec
tion.
COLONEL G. H. MENDELL, U. S. A.
ONE of the few good appointments made by Mayor Phelan was that
of Colonel George H. Mendell. U. S. A., president of the Board of
Public W orks. Colonel Mendell Is an officer of the United States
army, drawing a regular salary from the Government, although on
the retired list. According to the provisions of the new charter he
must resign his/Government office in order to serve the city. The best
lawyers of San Francisco assert that the charter provision in this case is
clear and explicit. Section 4 of article 16 is as follows:
Section 4. Any person holding a salaried office under the city
and county, whether by election or appointment, who shall during
his term of office hold or retain any other salaried office under the
Government of the United States, or of this State, or who shall hold
any other salaried office connected with the government of the city
and county, or who shall become a member of the Legislature, shall
* be deemed to have thereby vacated the office held by him under the
city and county.
A similar question was raised In California when General Stoneman was
elected Governor. The result was the army resignation of the general. It will
be recalled that Governor Stoneman was restored to the retired list after
his term of office as Governor expired, but the restoration was not obtained
without a struggle in Congress.
It is to be regretted that the charter did not make an exception In
favor of eminent engineers on the army retired list, because Colonel Men
dell is an engineer of recognized worth and energy. He can hardly be ex
pected to resign his rank and emoluments in the army to accept service in
civil life for the brief term of three years.
The pay of a retired colonel is $4125 per annum, while the salary of a
commissioner In the department of public works Is only $4000, a year. The
salary of a retired army officer is not a pension. An officer on the retired
list may be called to duty for attack or defense In case of emergency.
"THE IDOL'S EYE"
AT THE TIVOLI
5T is undoubtedly a difficult thing to
write a comic opera libretto of re
spectable cleverness, but there is no
excuse, and should be no pardon, for
some of the stuff that Is handed out by
Harry B. Smith. In "The Idol's Eye" he
is at his worst. The humor of the book,
or what passes for humor, is of a type
unworthy even of reprobation. There Is
not a thing that is said in the entire piece
that can raise a legitimate laugh, and if
the performance Is amusing it Is due more
to the business than to the lines, more to
the actors than to the author.
Victor Herbert's music 16. as good us
anything he has done, which may not he
saying a great deal, but some of It is cer
tainly several degrees better than tiie
frothy stuff of which he has turned aut
such a vast quantity.
There are three life-sized comedy parts
In "The Idol's Eye," Abel Conn. Jamie
McSnuffy and Don Pablo Tobasco, but
there is not enough mirth-making matter
in the whole trio to outfit one good come
dian. Ferris Hartman takes first place,
of course, and does the best he can with
a banal part.
Alf Wneelan is occasionally ludicrous
as the Scot, but he overreaches his intent
to be funny by the most extravagant ex
aggeration, and depends too much on the
variety of disgusting noises he makes to
win a laugh. The comic opportunities of
the Scotch character are so great that it
is a pity he should throw them away. The
chief claim of. Don Pablo Tobasco (which
part is assumed by William Schuster) to
be considered comic Is his whiskers,
which supply one of the most Important
comedy el#ments of the opera, and there
you have a very fair Idea of the kind of
stuff Mr. Smith has to offer.
There is much to commend in the stag
ing of the piece, and Its costuming as
well, and. finally, there is one feature of
the performance that has a value of its
own and is worth all the rest of the show
put together. This is the singing of Miss
Frances Graham, a contralto of unusual
gifts, who makes her first appearance »n
this production. She has a truly fine
voice, limited in power, but of a pure and
rich quality. She has temperament ai.d
style, sweetness and good method, and is
a great .acquisition to the Tlvoil forces.
The choicest club whiskey Is Jesse Moor*
"AA.," and In club life It Is In great demand.
Austro-Americans Banqueted.
At the annual inspection and drill of the
Austrian Military and Benevolent Asso
ciation last night tho members were ban
quoted by Cnpta'.n M. Sabadin and Lieu
tenant B. Pustleh and N. Matlcerrich at
lt<= hall on Sutt^r Ptr^Pt. The following
non-commissioned officers were appointed
for the year: First sergeant, M.
Raderlovich; quartermaster sergeant. C.
Kristovich: drum major, J. M. Sambralio:
commissary sertrpant. J. M. Russell; duty
porjreants— L. Prrovloh. B. M. Burin, P.
Eaulovlch. M. Miladln; first corporal, D.
N. Batchia; drillmaster, S. Raleevlch.
MAY HAVE TO RESIGN HIS
CHARTER APPOINTMENT
Safo letter delivery for Nome, via St. Michael,
starting Jan. 25, via Kodlak ; limit H oz.; J5 per
letter. Mohns & Kaltenbach. 29 Market at. •
Death of New-Born Triplets.
The death certificates of newly born
triplets were filed yesterday morning at
the health office. The record shows that
Maggie Kelley, aged twelve hours; Ellen
Kelley. six hours, and Rebecca Kelley,
eighteen hours, died of premature birth
superinduced by a slight fall sustained by
the mother some time previous to the
birth of the triplets, which occurred on
January 17. The funeral took place yes
terday from 121 Mississippi street. The
dead infants were burled at Holy Cross
Cemetery.
A. P, Black has taken law offices in the
Mills building, seventh floor, rooms 16-23. •
HUBER'S LITTLE TRIP
NIPPED IN THE BUD
DETECTIVES ARREST HIM AT
THE MOLE.
The Bartender Found $500 and Was
Starting on a Journey to
Germany.
George Huber, a German bartender em
ployed at the Oberon, was arrested Thurs
day afternoon at the Oakland mole by
Detectives Wren and Gibson and placed
in the tanks at the City Prison, whence
he was taken last night and charged with
grand larceny.
Huber, who is a rather verdant Ger
man, might have been booked on a more
serious charge had not the detectives ap
prehended him in the nick of time. On
Monday afternoon J. C. Columbus, a
storekeeper at Dyea, Alaska, wandered
Into the Oberon to get a glass of beer.
While the waiter was at the bar procuring
the liquid Columbus Blipped into the lav
atory, where he dropped a money belt
containing $300 in gold and greenbacks.
Columbus, who did not notice his loss,
paid for his drink and left the place.
Immediately after Columbus departed
Huber went into the lavatory, where he
found the money belt lying on the floor.
He threw the belt away and pocketing
the money walked up to the bar and re
signed his position.
"I'm going back to Germany," said Hu
ber to Mr. Fisher, the proprietor of the
place, as he threw a 20-dollar gold piece
on the counter and called for a bottle of
wine. Huber only gets $20 a month and
his sudden display of wealth amazed his
employer.
After enjoying several bottles of. wine
Huber left the place and started out to
paint the tenderloin a' bright crimson hue.
He hunted up a few friends and took
them all to a dinner at a famous restau
rant, where he Insisted that the waiter
should put a bunch of flowers in the cus
pidor alongside the table.
On Wednesday Huber bought a ticket
for New York and from there to Hamburg
and had the ticket agent buy him a draft
for 1000 marks on one of the Hamburg
banks. He was scheduled to leave for
New York on Wednesday night, but he
stopped to have too many drinks along
the line and he arrived at the ferry in
time to see the boat pulling out of the
slip.
Detectives Wren and Gibson went over
to Oakland Thursday night and found
Huber standing on the mole waiting for
the overland to start. Fearing that Hu
ber would make his escape In a handcar
standing near by the detectives placed him
under arrest. He readily admitted hav
ing taken the money. In the three days
Huber was in possession of the cash he
managed to spend $110.
I look forward with pleasure to hearing
her in something that gives her greator
opportunity, though should it not b©
forthcoming It is to be hoped she may be
permitted to Introduce something that
will exhibit her truly remarkable powers.
It !s enconraylns to see a genuine inter
est shown by our public in chamber mu
sic. It is not only an evidence of good
taste, but of sincerity. The fourth con
5. crt ,, of .. tne Ml "ettl Quartet drew a prac
tically full house at Sherman & Clay Hall
yesterday afternoon, and the affair as
usual, proved an artistic success. The
programme began with the Grieg cuar
tet. In B-flat major. Op. 27. a compos.
tlon full of fancy and quaintness. The
poetry and pathos of Grieg were well ex
pressed, particularly in the Romanize.
Mr. v elss contributed a 'cello solo-
Hungarian rhapsodic by Popper, and re
sponded to an encore with a berceuse of
Simon, the latter with superior art and
delicacy. Mr. Weiss' tone Is dependable,
but the same cannot always be said of his
execution. He was accompanied by Mr
Ormay.
In the piano trio (G minor. Op. 15) of
Smetana one found much of the same
mysticism which pervades his exquisite
"Aus Meinen Leben." though the trio Is
of sturdier stuff. It was the most inter
esting number of the afternoon ar.d was
played with purpose and finish
Mr. Fleishman at the piano is to be com
plimented for his work. He had admir
able command of the Instrument, and
something more, that is felt rather than
expressed. It is regrettable that we do
not hear him oftener.
PORTER GARNETT.
sen and. J. A. Weston, the appraisers,
find the estate to be worth $1,577,886 12.
Judge Bahrs yesterday entered Judg-
ment in favor of A. E. Antonello and
against the Kennedy & . Ward Lumber
Company for the sum of J5454.
Patrick Boland gained six votes yester
day In the recount of the ballots In the
contest Instituted against him by John
Farnham. Up to date eighty-eight pre
cincts have been counted and Farnham Is
yet a gainer by ninety votes. \
Judge Coffey. yesterday took up the
hearing of the opposition of the various
creditors of the estate of the late Thomas
Bell to the petition of Mrs. Theresa Bell,
decedent's widow, for a family allowance.
DORIC BRINGS
NEWS FROM THE
HAWAIIAN ISLES
Many People Anxious
to Leave.
AUSTRALIA WILL BE CROWDED
BABK AGATE HAD A BOUGH
TRIP TO MOLOKAL
Naval Transport Scindia Will Take
Supplies to Guam — Reinsurance
Paid on Two More
Overdues.
The steamer Doric arrived yesterday
from the Orient via Honolulu and was
placed in quarantine. The cabin passen
gers were afterward allowed to land, but
the vessel will be detained until she has
been thoroughly fumigated. The Doric
beat the China's time from Yokohama to
Honolulu by three hours and came from
Honolulu to San Francisco in five days
seventeen hours. She brought forty-six
cabin, ore second cabin and one Japanese
and eighty-six Chinese in the steerage.
Among those who came over on the Doric
were Rear Admiral Fitzgerald, Captain
S. C. Cowille. Lieutenant Bodan Smith, R.
C. Baker and \V. Hodder. all of the En
glish navy; Captain Loukianoff and Lieu
tenant Kowymini of the Russian army;
Lieutenant Commander C. Thomas, U. S.
N.. and Lieutenant C. E. Crosby of the
English Naval Reserve
The Doric brings the news that heroic
measures are being taken in Honolulu to
combat the plague. One block of build
ings was burned in order to erad
icate the disease. None of the sailing ves
sels are allowed to take away passengers,
so there is a great rush to get away on
the Australia, which sails from Honolulu
next Tuesday. When the Doric was there
more than a hundred and forty people
had taken cabin passage on the vessel.
In order to get away by the mail boat
they had to keep themselves strictly away
from the infected part of the town and
present themselves each day for examina
tion to Dr. Carmichael, United States
Quarantine Officer. If he certifies next
Tuesday that each and all of the appli
cants for passage to San Francisco are in
good health then the agents of the vessel
will sell them tickets and they will come
home. Those who cannot pass the quar
antine officer will have to remain behind.
The barn Agate, which arrived In the
lsiands while the Doric was at Honolulu,
had a terrible passage down from Puget
Sound. When a weeit out she was caught
in a terrllic storm. A big sea broke
aboard and flooded the cabin. Captain
Hanson's wife was sick in her bed at
the time. -She was washed out Into the
main cabin and nearly drowned before
being rescued. One of the water casks
was washed away and the vessel sprang
a leak. All hands were put on a short
allowance of water, but luckily a few
days later a ship came along and supplied
the Agate with 200 gallons of the much
needed fluid. It took the bark forty-eight
days to reach Hawaii and when the an
chor was let go the entire crew was In a
state of collapse.
The wreck of the San Francisco owned
barkentine William Carson was moored
in a safe position when the Doric sailed.
The officers of the Doric say that the
prospects for getting the wreck Into port
were good.
The transport Centennial was returned
to her owners yesterday and the work
of taking the Government supplies out
of her was begun at once. All the stalls
for horses that have been erected forward
will be kept on her, while those aft will
be torn down. As soon as this work is
accomplished the Centennial will begin
loading for Kahulul on her owners' ac
count.
The steamer Pennsylvania has been re
chartered by the Government and Is now
busy loading supplies for the troops In
Manila.
The naval transport Sclndla came down
from Mare Island yesterday and will sail
this afternoon or early to-morrow for
Guam. She has nearly 8000 tons of cargo
aboard, of which over 5000 tons Is coal.
After discharging at Guam the Scindia
will go on to Manila. Captain Miller, late
of the Badger, Is In command of the
Scindia and he Is taking out with him
100 apprentice boys to distribute among
the fleet in the Philippines. The Scindia
has no steam launch, so as a mark of
their appreciation of his courtesies during
their cruise on the Badger the Naval
Battalion placed the Marion's launch at
Captain Miller's disposal.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Colon arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday.
The underwriters are now paying 10 per
cent to reinsure the British ship Holy
wood, out 175 days from Antwerp for
Honolulu, and 8 per cent to reinsure the
Pass of Killiecrankie, now out 164 days
from Swansea for San Francisco.
The United States cruiser Ranger came
down from Mare Island last night and
will leave at 10 a. m. to-day for Panama.
On the way down the coast she will over
take the Pacific squadron and deliver
some Important dispatches from the Navy
Department to Admiral Kautz.
The Ranger goes to Panama to survey
portions of the bay. and from there will
proceed up the Gulf of California on a
surveying cruise. When this work Is
completed Fhe may possibly go to the
Philippine Islands to survey the spot
whore the Charleston was wrecked, re
turning to San Francisco the latter part
of this year.
The following named officers are at
tached to the Ranger: Commander W. L.
Field, commanding; Lieutenant J. H. L.
Holcombe, executive officer; Lieutenant
W. O. Hulme, navigator; Lieutenant R. R.
Belknap, chief engineer; Lieutenant J. R.
Y. Blakely. Lieutenant C. C. Fewell, Lieu
tenant E. H. de Lany, Assistant Paymas
ter H. P. Ash, Assistant Surgeon H. E.
Odell.
The Naval Transport Scindia Bound for Guam With Supplies.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1900.
Corrlgan. was arrested by Mounted Offl-.
cer King yesterday afternoon near the
Ingleslde track for using vulgar language.
While on the way to the police station he
seized the policeman by tne neck and at
tempted to choke him. Both men went to
the ground, where the negro was over
powered. Once again before reaching the
station he attempted to make his escape
and showed fight. Smith is a dead hard
game and boasts of four dead men to his
credit.
SATURDAYjod MONDAY
BEST PETALUMA EGGS, doz 25c
BEST FAMILY FLOUR, 50-!b sack 80c
DR. PRICE'S BAKING POWDER, Mb can 15c
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square... 45c
EXTRA POINT REYES BUTTER, square 40c
CHOICE NEW CREAM CHEESE, Ib 15c
BEST EASTERN Sugar-cored HAMS, Ib 13c
HOMEOPATHIC Health COCOA, Mb can I2is
BEST SOLID-PACK TOMATOES, 4 cans 259
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKY, qt5.... 95c
PORT, SHERRY, ANGELICA, S qtbots $1.00
We ship free of charge within lOO.mtlea,
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp 7th. Phone S. 233. No Branch Stores.
S
Crockery
Bargains.
Wm Worth Your
Coming Just to Sec.
Great American Importing Tea Go.
- Stores Everywhere,
xoo Store*.
ZINC /\ND LEAD
"TALKS OF FOUTUXE," a neat circu-
lar telling all about the zinc and lead minea
of Southwestern Missouri. Also
"SIN/\F» SHOTS"
Belngr a number of photo vtew» of acenerr
In the zinc fields of Missouri. Both o* th«
above mailed free on request, alons with de-
scriptive circular of the richest mines la the
district. Address
WALTER SATtEB, 171 La Sallt it.. Chleag*. El».
In 1858 Rev. HENRY WARD BEECHER
said of
Brgwh's Bronchial Troches
"I think better of that which I began
thinking well of."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BUSWmED WOMEN,
We look in amazement at the burdens
tome women carry upon their heads.
Yet how liglit they are compared -with
the burdens some women carry upon
their hearts. There are childless women
¦whose hearts ache ceaselessly because of
the childless home. That burden of
childlessness has been lifte^f from the
heart of many a woman by the use of
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. Many
of the obstacles to maternity are remov-
eble. Such obstacles are entirely re-
moved by "Favorite Prescription." It
contains no alcohol nor narcotic
Harried Six Years and Childless.
" I have never written you how prat tf ul I am
to yon fur your help in securing pood health and
cne of the sweetest, dearest, thirteen pound
girls that ever came into a home," writes Mrs. M.
Via* me, of 647 South Überty Street. Galcstaorg,
111. • I took six bottles of Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription, four of the 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery { and four viaU of Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets. Before I had taken four bottles of the
• Favorite Prescription ' I waa a new woman, I
cannot meke pen describe my heartfelt grati-
tude, to will close by saying If any one disputes
the value of Dr. Pierces medicines I will be
pleased to confirm the truth of all I say if they
will enclose stamped envelope lor reply."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are a
ladies' laxative. No medicine equals
them lot gentleness and thoroughness.
Hole's. | Hale'B.
* "the lowest priced house in America |
| for good goods." |
4? txrViif a the sale coniinues, the vahi;s are real and decisive. There Is +£•
•^ Willie a swing— the proper swinz— to our WHITE SALE that lands
•? enln It deeper and deeper into ths camp of your good will. With %jj
Sal 6 wholesale prices going up It has been hard to give you what +^
jfc we promised — prices lower than ever. But our store U strong —
j; II6WS in business muscle and determination ; strong In Its buying ?T
«g* power (7 stores buying at the sam: time, remember) and a* +g»
«k usual, we were forehanded enough to get these goods before the shaip ad- -,
*? vance came. %ST
* . *
4? fpncli fanc V foulards In Frenchy designs, all the new shades +&.
Kg *¦*¦ Coll Included, a largs showing of all the pastel colorings. New ~
j; foM/iir coring creations. 23 Inchts \tiJe 85c yard %5T
4J IcUlCy We are showing 50 new spring shaJes in superb taffeta >g»
jfc, n 1 j si| k I" P la * n colors. Actual valu; 85c yard ; to make g,
** lOUlcirClS them ra P' J sellers we have priced them 75c yard TST
Hundreds of yards of fancy silks for waists, Includes rib- .££.
?\ bon stripes, pointed stripes, canela stripes and lace .stripes, 19 and 20 inches i
<p wide. All the new colorings for spring SI. OO and $1.25 yard +S"
t *
«J pnllar Qnrl piifFHnv affiiavltbrandllnenco!lars ' each - lOc +£•
~ conar ana cun aay affiJavlt brand Ilnen cuffs per |[
000 P^r < - - *6 2-3 c JT
•&
-Si. C*C f\f\ ladies' wool wrappers, of good quality i
* <t>O.UU WrapperS cashmere, trimmed In ecru lace over +£
. -. I* , . shoulders anJ backs, around collars and j£2L
£ and collarettes ««*. p»^ ¦« thr ° v*u * h'j,ullh ' j, ul1 backs y 1 ? X
?? self-colored belts, shades blue, purple, dark +JT
«£? red and black. Sizes 32 to 40, price $5.00 -^
,£j. 25 black astrakan colhrettes with high storm collars, the yokes of
If electric seal, lined with good satin. Sires 32 to 42, price $5.00 J?"
We also carry a full assortment of fur capes, collarettes and tab effects, *5T
* . &
*& ifldlPS we cordially Invite you to call upon Mrs. Reynolds, ask her ¦?£>
lciui v/>j f 0 snow y OU the "Arnolds" gauze drawers with umbrella ruf- ~*
*? fles, dressing sacques, lounging or tourists' robes: also children's knick-
•£+ erbocker drawers, night drawers and flannel skirts. +2*
«£ %-
?^ Hudnut's perfumery for card prizes. a
4* ¦£&
•^ Warren & Lombardero's orchestra in a delightful concert from 2t05 p. at. 5
«|+ if we please you, tell others ; if we don't, tell us. +^
mother Jgs f -. Y ». A /K»'~^'^ factory +T
likes." "" — "^ store."
Jf + + 935-947 Market Street. 4. +
12