VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 117.
DRAWN NEARER THE POINT
WHERE WAR WILL COME
For this port the Spanish torpedo fleet, now en route from the Canaries, is now heading. The view is from the land side and shows a
Spanish warship of the Viscaya type in the foreground, with the Morro and lighthouse at the entrance of the harbor on the
left. San Juan stands on an island which runs out from the main land toward the northeast, inclosing a body of water some
twelve miles long by eight wide, with fine anchorage for large vessels along the town front.
The old part of the town is surrounded by a wall, with several forts, built in 1630-71, on which are still mounted many of
the old cannon used to repel the English and Dutch buccaneers and pirates/
THE PRESIDENT TALKS
FREELY OF HIS PLANS
WITH REGARD TO CUBA
Will Send the Maine Report to Congress on Mon
day, Following It With a Message on Tuesday
or Wednesday Dealing With Cuba.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, March 26.
President McKinley' talked freely
with his Congressional visitors to-day,
both in regard to his plans for the fu
ture and his appreciation of the situation
with reference to Cuba. His pro
gramme as thus outlined is as follows:
To send the report of the Maine
court of inquiry to Congress on Mon
day without recommendation and with
out explanation on his part further than
to say that he has acquainted Spain
with the findings of the court
To follow this Tuesday or Wednes
day with a message dealing with the
condition of the non-combatants in
Cuba and asking for an appropriation of
$500,000 for their immediate relief.
To present anew this condition to
Spain, asking that country to make pro
vision for the care of her o%vn help
less people and to come to some terms
with the Cubans which will be satisfac
tory to them and put an end to the war.
This failing, to forcibly intervene on
humanitarian grounds.
The President indicated to his callers
an abiding faith that peace may be pre
served and a determination on his part
to accomplish that end if it may be
done with honor to our own country
and without disregarding the demands
of humanity. He frankly and re
peatedly avowed to-day his desire to
prevent a conflict, while at the same
time indicating a firm purpose to secure
relief for the starving reconcentrados.
Indeed, the latter purpose appeared to
be the topic uppermost in the Presi
dent's mind. He dwelt upon the fact
that the recognition of belligerent
rights or of independence would not be
of any material service to these unfor- j
tunates. He admitted that such action
might be of assistance to the men at
arms, the insurgent army, but they, he
said, have shown a capacity to take
care of themselves and do not stand in
pressine need of our kind offices.
VIEW OF THE HARBOR OF SAN JUAN, PORTO RICO.
S EUROPE UPHOLDS SPAIN.
s? : . . — r '. 8?
i 88 -.•■•:. «
82 PARIS, March 26.— Debats, dis- S2
;?2 cussing Cuba and ' the* New York 82
11 Herald's editorial claiming that 188
182 America would have the moral . 82
jB3 ■ support of Europe, says the Her- 88
88 aid is mistaken- 83
82 "The : United States," It says, AB3
88 "will not have the moral support 82
?• nor the sympathies of Europe, "or '■ 78S
83 at least that part which takes 82
'82 account of the necessity of re- 82
•• specting certain international 88
It. principles. It Is not permissible 88
!82 for any nation, on the pretext 83
183 that disorder prevails in part of 82
iB2 a neighbor's territory, to inter- 82
iBB vene there by force in order to 82
82 establish an order of things 82
82 which best corresponds to its 82
1821 82 own- aspirations. Legitimate 82
82 sovereignty has its rights, and 82
8* they must be respected." v 88
88 88
82 82 82 88 88 88 88 SS 82 88 82 88 82 82 88 "88 88 88
The President believes Spain will in
terpose no obstacle to our sending suc
cor to her indigent people, and he will
ask Congress to act promptly, that the
aid to be given may not arrive too late
to relieve the pressing necessities. This
done, the President is hopeful that Con
gress will remain quiet while the ex
ecutive branch of the Government con
tinues its efforts to secure a peaceful
settlement of the difficulty. He thinks
it not too late to do this, and he made
the assertion to-day that Spain was will
ing to meet the United States half wav
in adjusting the entanglement without
coming to blows.
He referred only casualij to the sail
ing of Spain's torpedo fleet, leaving the
impression on the minds of his visitors
that he considered that so far in this
matter Spain is acting within the bounds
of her own rights just complaint
cannot yet be made by this country in
regard to this course.
He did not enter into details regard
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
ing the propositions he may make or
may have made to Spain, for undoubt
edly some are pending, but he left the
impression that he would be satisfied
with no settlement that would not give
the Cubans a very liberal form of gov
ernment. He admitted frankly that
autonomy had proved a failure, and ex
pressed the opinion thut it would be as
difficult to satisfy the Americans with
any settlement that might be made as
it would be to satisfy the Cubans them
selves. He reasserted the possibility of
securing an agreement on the part of
Spain to allow Cuba to conduct her
own affairs with absolute freedom, ex
cept that tne island should be required
to pay the mother country a specified
sum in the way of tribute every year
out of her revenues, seeming to think
that this would form a basis upon which
both Spain and the Cubans could agree
without sacrifice of too much pride on
either side.
Mr. McKinley reverted often in his
conversations to his desire to maintain
peace, and dwelt upon the fact that war
meant not only loss of life and property,
but that it also would injure our com
merce, disturb business conditions gen
erally, increase our public debt, add to
our pension roll and result in many ways
to our disadvantage and distress. He
made it clear, also, that whatever course
he might pursue in the future he would
not at present demand any indemnity at
the hands of Spain for the loss of the
Maine, preferring to leave that matter
to the adjustment of a more quiet
period. The President also spoke of
possible complications witu other na
tions, but did not manifest any uneasi
ness on this score.
Senators who have visited the Presi
dent have without exception, so far as
can be learned, assured him that the
Senate appreciates his efforts to pre
serve peace under proper conditions,
and have told him there is no danger of
precipitate action in that body. They
got the impression that if the worst
comes and it shall ibe absolutely deter
mined that no other course will avail,
the President will be found ready for
armed intervention.
On the score of politics he assures
them that he would rat.ier see the Re
publican party fail of future success
than to wage an unjust war- but that if
war must come, it must be war for
humanity, and that this fact must be
made so evident that he will have the en
tire nation behind him in a conflict at
arms.
Minister Woodford has been cabled
to notify the Spanish Government as to
the results found by the American court,
particularly that the explosion was ex-
Continued on Second Page.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Sunday; light north
erly changing to fresh westerly
winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 52 degreea
Portland 44 degTees
Los Angeles 58 degrees
San Diego 54 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
One Day Closer to War.
The President Talks Freely.
SECOND PAGE.
Work on Sunday at Mare Island.
War Talk In the House.
To Garrison Fort Point.
Painting Warships Dead Color.
The Two Atlantic Squadrons.
THIRD PAGE.
Poll of Congress on War.
Million Wanted for Cuban Relief.
European Opinion of the Situation.
France Would Have Peace.
Gall's Claim to an Estate.
FOURTH PAGE.
A Noted Duke 1 Dead.
Sealers Lost in the Ice.
San Rafael Rose Carnival.
. Both Want Nevtlls' Gold.
Tennis at the Citrus Colony.
Oxford Wins From Cambridge.
FIFTH PAGE.
Clancy's letter From Dublin.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Redress or War.
The Semi-Centennial .
The Klondike Mail Service.
Mr. Reas Demur.
The Cattle Quarantine.
Official Privileges Abused.
"With Entire Frankness." by Henry
James.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Judge Slack Resigns.
After an Island of Gold.
More Science in Education.
A Salvationist Who Wouldn't Swear.
EIGHTH PAGE.
The Old Coloma Is SiJe.
Oang Rule Costly to San Jose.
Heavy Frosts Follow Rain.
Miners Drowned at Dutch Harbor.
San Bernardino Fears Sheepmen.
NINTH PAGK.
Harry Gillig as a Minstrel.
Private Contract System.
PRESIDENT STILL
LABORS TO KEEP THE
PEACE WITH SPAIN
Even His Own Close Friends Admit That
There Will Be War Within the
Next Fifteen Days.
It Has Been Resolved to Stop the Spanish Torpedo
Flotilla at Porto Rico, but in the Meantime
There Are Grave Fears of an
Attack Upon the Oregon.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The Herald's Washington correspond-!
ent telegraphs: It has been a day of distress, anxiety and unceasing, j
bewildering conjecture. The only thing that opinion seems to be :
united on is that we have, in the last twenty-four hours, drawn per
ceptibly nearer the breaking point with Spain.
War is on everybody's lips — war in a few days, according to the
alarmists, war or peace, according to the President's' close friends, in
the course of fifteen days. For in these trying times the faith of Wil
liam McKinley that war will be averted and the independence of
Cuba will be secured without a gun being fired has never wavered.
There is a deep feeling at the seats ,
of both governments. The feeling
h*re is intensifying every hour. Not |
a ray of peace light has corce from
the sky. The day opened with
gloomy forebodings of hostilities
hanging over everybody. It hung
over the crowds in the hotel corri
dors. It hung over the State, War
and Navy buildings. It hung around
the White House like a Potomac fog.
The Herald's special cable from
Madrid had portrayed a change in
the situation there. Dispatches from
Minister Woodford to the State De
partment had brought even more sin
ister news from Spain than any that
had been received yet. The utmost
caution was taken to guard the con
tents of the cables sent by the Min
ister to Spain, but it began to be
whispered abroad that the news was
of a character to cause the most in
tense anxiety. The cable, it is un
derstood, dealt with Spain's refusal
to further continue her consent to
the sending of relief from the United
States to the reconcentrados.
Well might such a decision on the
part of the Spanish Government
cause apprehension and unrest at the
peace headquarters in the White
House. Spain's refusal could mean
only one thing— our insistence that
relief should continue to go, and at
the point of the bayonet, if need be.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
TENTH PAGE.
. Baseball Season Opening.
» • Coursing at Two Parks.
. ... t ELEVENTH PAGE.
> The Masonic Festival.
> Tried to Blackmail Rudinoff.
> A New Bantam Weight.
»-, . . FOURTEENTH PAGE.
» Racing at Ingleside. - j
> Births, Marriages and- Deaths.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
> The Day Among the Churches.
■■ News From Across the Bay. ;
,i' '--If.-: SIXTEENTH PAGE.
> Ferry Scandal Developments. '
» Thought He Was Robbed.
» Deaf,' Dumb and Blind Accounts. '
. . SEVENTEENTH PAGE.
Going to the New Turquoise Mines.
>-4 . i .. EIGHTEENTH PAGE.
Tomb of Isis Discovered In Egypt.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
. "Off to Sea" Signal on the Oregon.
,V : TWENTIETH PAGE.
> Latest Pathological \ Discovery.
Where Is Grace Stevenson? ;
TWENTY-FIRST PAGE.
v Story of the . "Alabama," by One of
v the Crew.,
> - Modjeska Tells How to Act.
. . .TWENTY-SECOND PAGE.
>; Story of a Lost Millionaire. ,
> Missionary Made a Mandarin.
» ; Balloon Made of Metal. :_•
> TWENTY-THIRD PAGE.
» The Rise of a' Political : Bobs. ■■
.. TWENTY-FOURTH PAGE.
 Arthur Matthews' Exhibition.
> Books
> " TWENTY-FIFTH PAGE.
> The New Lightship and Its Crew.
> : TWENTY-SIXTH PAGE.
> Society. '"' '-■■' ' '■ •■ ' ; ::'-»::'
» TWENTY-SEVENTH PAGE.
> Fashions. ; : ' • ■'
, ; TWENTY-EIGHTH PAGE.
Schools,
> • Fraternal News. '
> Whist.
> .. TWENTY-NINTH PAGE.
> Theaters. . , :
> .■;■: ;; THIRTIETH PAGE. ' - *
» ' The Commercial World. ; :': '/,'■
> c THIRTY-FIRST PAGE.
> .? Boys' end, Girls' Page. r • -
>' i THIRTY-SECOND; PAGE.
> News Along the Water : Front. ;,-•":
>'. : :- Monument for Lieutenant Burke.
> .Mines.-."-, . • ■■-'.. ;v;,
> , -: •■ ' '_.'■-. ' ' ' '**'■. : ■' '
President McKinley has made
many concessions in the interest of
peace, but this is one thing on which
he has a well defined policy, backed
by the almost overwhelming opinion
of Congress. On that he could not
back down, and Spain insisting on
maintaining the attitude outlined
from Madrid could only lead to one
thing, and that thing — war.
This was all the talk late in the
afternoon, and there was an infor
mal meeting of the Cabinet at the
White House, followed by a long
conference between the President.
Assistant Secretary of State Day
and Secretary of the Navy Long.
The attitude of Congress has filled
THE SPANISH TORPEDO FLEET
MUST STOP AT PORTO RICO.
BOSTON. Mass.. March 26.— A Washington special says: Orders
were issued tn-day to prevent the Spanish torpedo flotilla coming too
near this country. The Board of Strategy was in session for a long
time and the utmost caution was used to keen its doings secret,
yet it was learned from unquestionable authority that the United
States Government had made up its mind to take a determined stand
against the menace of the threatening approach of the fleet of the
Dons. It is not the intention of the department to send out an
American fleet to meet the Spanish torpedo boats in mid-ocean and
compel them to return or sink them, as the jineoes would have it do,
but to adopt the more pacific course of permitting the Spaniards to
reach Porto Rico, but drawing the dead line there.
To this effect orders were issued to Schley to-day. These orders
will be transmitted to Sampson by messenger instead of by any of
the conversational methods of Government transmission. The de
partment will not even trust these vitals order to the wires under
the practically perfect safeguard of the official cipher code, so im
portant is it that the details should not be known.
The members of the Bn-'d of Strategy, of course, refuse to di-
Vulge any of the details of the conference, but it was learned in the
highest authority that it had been decided to place a very formida
ble obstruction in the way of the Snanish flotilla's passage a single
mile this side of Porto Rico. When this is done, and the frowning
guns of American battleships guard the route to the "West, the
United States Government will officially notify Spain that it will not
permit the flotilla to proceed a sinerle mile nearer Havana or the
United States: that it has no objections to the presence of the flo
tilla at Porto Rico or elsewhere, provided it does not cross the line;
and, finally, that should this ultimatum be disregarded it will be
looked upon by the United States as a declaration of war and will
be acted upon accordingly.
the minds of the members of the ad
ministration with renewed appre
hension. The Herald's poll shows
that Congress is strongly in favor of
acting on the Cuban question. Out
of seventy-eight Senators inter
viewed, thirty-nine are willing to
wait on the President's policy and
follow it; twenty-six are in favor of
forcible intervention, and seven are
in favor of recognizing the independ
ence of Cuba. Out- of 290 members
of the House polled, ICO will wait for
the President to speak, eighty-eight
favor forcible intervention, seventy
eight want to see the independence
of Cuba, six favor the recognition of
belligerency, and fifteen are for
peaceful intervention. It is interest
ing to note that only one Senator and
two Representatives favor the an
nexation of Cuba, so that the charge
that the United States is grabbing
for territory is not likely to be made.
Notwithstanding the compliment
to the administration that this poll
shows, the President is contemplat
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FEAR FOR
THE OREGON
jc 3
f NEW YORK, March 26.— Wash- :
*.j Ington special to the Herald says:
' Fearing an attempt on the part of *
* Spain to destroy the battle-ship '
Oregon and gunboat Marietta, [
" which have been ordered to the *
* North Atlantic coast to re-enforce '
" Captain S. W. Sampson's com- '
f mand, instructions will pc sent to '
T , the commanding officers directing '
.' them to adopt every precaution '
I against attack. v ;j^._ :,/, _ r:V; y[.\
The determination to ! ssue these
*;•: instructions is the- result- of an !
* official dispatch from the diplo- i
* matic representative of, this Gov- i
* ernment in Uruguay, announcing :
■'.- that the torpedo-boat Temerario of :
* the Spanish navy had hurriedly left :
* Montevideo, where she had been :
* . anchored for some time, and had :
* gone to sea. Her, destination was :
* unknown, but it was believed that :
* she might be under orders to lie in :
* wait for the Oregon and Marietta :
* and to cripple them, if possible, so :
* that they could- not reach Key :
* West. :
* :
ing a step with reference to the man
ner of sending the report of the
Maine Court of Inquiry to Congress
which may make congressional senti
ment shift. It is said the Presi
dent does not wish to send full tes
timony to Congress at the time the
report goes in. The excuse that will
be given is that the testimony being
a bulky typewritten volume, should
first be sent to the printer. The fact
seems to be that this excuse is being
found to prevent the testimony go
ing to Congress at this time for fear
its tenor will influence Senators and
Representatives into declaring war.
Much of this testimony will tend to
fix the blame on Spain, by implica
tion, whereas it is not, strictly speak
ing, testimony that would be admit
ter under the stiict rules of evidence.
The court was commanded to take
all the testimony that would tend to
fix responsibility, no matter how in
directly. This was done. Then the
court was commanded to use all ef
forts to cover all the points as coa2
MEN MUST WORK
ON SUNDAY AT
ThE NAVY-YARD
Two Deckjoads, of Mechanics
Tak^O to Mare Island to
Rush Work on the
Warships.
VALLEJO, March 26.— There will be no Sunday at Mare Island to
morrow, or at least there will be no cessation of work, for aIL shops
will be going from 8 o'clock until 5. Monday, however, -work will
start with redoubled energy. Tho Monticello this evening carried two
decklonds of men who hope to find work in the yard, and there is
every likelihood that they will find work if they can answer the re
quirements the constructors demand. The force will be augmented
to a considerable extent, and before the week is out work may be go
ins cai all night instead of ceasing at 10 o'clock, as has been the cus
tom.
No orders have been received regarding the changing of the colors
of th-- warships. There was an order issued, however, for 1300 pounds
of black paint, which nttay have some indication in that direction.
There is also a well-defined conviction among the men of the Monte
rey that their vessel will be painted a sea green before she leaves
the island. She will remain some days yet, and on Monday will begin
to take on ordnar.ee stores.
The Charleston will be in the drydock for a week yet, but when she
emerges she will have but little to be done beyond the quartering of
her crew. Already the marine guard of thirty is being selected,
and by the time she is in condition her crew will be ready. Her of
ficers have not yet been determined on. Next month is expected to
be the heaviest month, financially speaking, the Mare Island yard has
seen. Requisitions for $170,000 have been sent on to Washington and
of this $114,000 is for the construction department alone.
The new drydock is being considered by the engineering depart
ment, although no work will be done until the appropriation bill pro
viding for it shall have been passed. It will be placed just beside the
present one, but will be of inferior construction. It must be of "wood
and not the best of wood to keep within the $825,000 proposed to be
appropriated, but it will at least De big enough to dock any ship the
navy has. Two years is good time for its completion, but if expense
is not considered it can be finished in from fifteen to seventeen
months.
clusively and emphatically as possi
ble. This was also done.
There is testimony, for instance,
that the mooring of the Mains was
changed not long before the explo
sion. The reading of this testimony
in Congress would, it is feared, leave
Congress to infer that the Harbor
Master, under instructions, anchored j
the Maine directly over a floating
mine which blew up as soon as she
drifted with the tide and struck it.
Yet there is no direct testimony im
plicating the Harbor Master, nor
anybody else.
There is much other testimony of
the same character from which infer
ences might be drawn in Jime of
great excitement which would seem ,
untenable at the time it was given to
the court. Yet all this was included
in the report and goes with the find
ings.
It is just possible that this tem
porary withholding of testimony
may have a bad effect on Con
gress, and cause even more restive
ness than is now shown in the two
houses.
The latest reports from the White
House to-night are that the Presi
dent is more active than ever in
. searching for some means of avert
ing war and pacifying Cuba without
intervention. There is a slight note
of criticism of the President's policy.
It is said that he has no policy ex
cept to relieve the reconcentrados.
He is now looking for some means of
getting Spain to withdraw her troops
from Cuba and relinquish all but
nominal control over the island, and
is also taking steps to get the insur
gents to accept such an arrangement.
This brings the whole situation re
garding peaceful intervention back
to where it was a week ago. At that
time everybody except the President
agreed that there could be no such
thing as peaceful intervention.
From an army and navy stand
point we are rushing ahead our
preparations for war. So is Spain.
The coming of her torpedo 'flotilla
continues to excite the navy. It has
made a tremendous impression on
everybody. The advice of naval offi
cers continues to be the interception
of the fleet at sea, and its destruction
if it cannot be induced to go back to
Spain.
A note of alarm was sounded when
it was learned that one of Spain's
torpedo boats stationed at Monte
video had sailed, her destination be
ing unknown. The question was
asked: "Has she gone to intercept
the battleship Oregon and the gun
boat Marietta, now on their way
from the Pacific around Cape Horn?!'
NOT SENT TO BRING
BACK GENERAL LEE.
NEW YORK, March 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: The
Bache did not go to Havana to bring
back Consul-General Lee. She was or
dered to go to that port at the request
of Captain Sampson, and the probabil
ities are that he forwarded dispatches
by her. Had General Lee desired to re
turn he could have sailed on the Man
grove, ■which is at Havana.
PRESIDENT TALKS
OF HIS PLANS
Continued from First Page.
ternal and that the responsibility for the
external explosion had not been defi
nitely fixed. This cablegram, it can now
be stated, was sent from Washington on
Thursday night. The fact that it was
dispatched before the arrival of Com
mander Marix bearing the' lull text of
the report and the evidenc- appears on
its face to involve contradiction. It can
be stated only that the cablegram was
sent to Minister Woodford directing
him to give this notification to the
Spanish Government on Thursday
night. It is believed that the disnatch
went no further than to direct that the
results be made Known fo the Spanish
Government, with a view of leaving the
responsibility with Spain of making
»uch response as >eems appropriate.
Up .to to-night no action on the nart
of the Spanish Government had been
officially communicated to Washington.
It is not doubted that the Spanish Min
istry and Minister Woodford had con
ferred on the subject, but that any for
mal or final course of action had been
determined on is not probable. Be
sides the Maine event, the Spanish Cab
inet is to-day on the eve of a fierce po
•litical conflict, which terminates to-mor
row in elections for the Cortes, so that
this may cause some ' clay.
THE BILL FOR THE
ARMY REORGANIZATION.
WASHINGTON. March 26. — The
House Committee on Military Affairs,
owing to the illness of Chairman Hull,
has not as yet asked Speaker Reed to
set apart a time for the consideration
of the bill reorganizing the army. Rep
resentative Belknap of Illinois, who is
looked upon ;is chairman Hull's lieu
tenant, said to The Call correspondent
to-day that the committee would un
doubtedly ask for consideration of this
important measure as soon as Hull was
able to be out. He said that the com
mittee had carefully considered the bill,
which has the indorsement of the War
Department.
THREE ALLEGED
FIREBUGS JAILED
Accused of Having Started
Recent Conflagrations
in Winters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINTERS, March 26.— The excitement
over the incendiarism in Winters culmi
nated to-day in the arrest of Ed L>eV< n
good and his wife and the latter's brother,
John F. Hawkins. . District Attorney
Hopkins and O. F. Burks, insurance ad
juster, have been here since Wednesday
making a rigid investigation of the fires
of Tuesday night and have no doubt of
the guilt of the persons arrested, although
the evidence is entirely circumstantial.
The principal lire which these persons
are accused of having started was in
Ed Levengood's saloon. The owner was
absent at the time, seeking a new loca
tion in Los Angeles County, and it Is i>e
lie.ved that the incendiarism was the re
sult of a conspiracy between the three
persons under arrest. First a barn was
Bred on the outskirts of town by Haw
kins, and ho left his coat there when he
did it, going after it the next morning-.
Soon after the barn was well under way
Mrs. Levengood, It is believed, set fire
to the saloon.
Levengood had been unsuccessfully try
ing to sell his saloon and at the time of
the fire its contents were worth less than
$200, while the insurance was $400. It was
in the heart of town, and a fire once un
der way there would probably have swept
away almost every' business house.
TRAIN ROBBER
CAUGHT AT BISBEE
Arrest of One of the Men Who
Stopped the Santa Fe
Overland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BISBEE, Ariz., March 25.— Officer ohn
Green of Las Vegas has in a room at the
Angius Hotel here, securely shaekied,
Tim Collins, one of the Grant Station,
N. M.. train robbers. Green made -he
capture single-namled. Walking into a |
saloon here at about noon, where over I
a dozen cowboys were drinking, he
stepped up to Collins, and, drawing a
six-shooter, threw to him a pair of
shackles a.nd told him to put thorn on
quickly. Collins did as he was commajid
ed, and Green backed out with his man,
keeping the crowd covered.
The town is full of cowboys, who came
in from all directions when the news
spread that one of their comrades had
been taken. They threatened to ttop any j
attempt to take Couins out of town, and
aro keeping a watch on the building in |
which Collins is confined.
No attempt was made to take him out
this evening. Green and some local offi
cers are guarding their man and claim
to be holding him until they get others
of the gang who 'a'ro supposed to be in
the vicinity.
American Fruit Waste Barred.
BERLIN, March 20.— The Government
will not admit American fruit waste into
the Rhine district, as it is said to be
gravely injuring the jelly Industry. The
Cologne Gazette and other newspapers
severely blame the Government for ex
ceeding the authority given it by the
Bundesrath in the fruit decree. The
Prussian Minister of Agriculture, Baron
yon Hammerstein-Lexten, has issued an
official report on the. San Jose senlf , set
ting forth that recently numbers have
been found in all stages of development
on apples. He adds that it must be pre
sumed that German orchards and nur
series are already infected, and he calls
for immediate and general investigation
of the reports and the results.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
WARLIKE TALK
IN THE HOUSE
Naval Appropriation Bill
Yet Being Slowly
Considered.
Many Amendments Relating
to the Naval Reserve and
Drydocks Submitted.
Several Representatives Declare Tha
a State of War Actually Exists,
and That Action Is in Order.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 26.
During the debate on the naval ap- !
propriation bill to-day in the House
every utterance in favor of aggressive !
action against Spain was applauded to i
the echo by the crowded • galleries. A j
strong effort was made to increase the i
appropriation for the naval reserves, j
but it failed. Another effort to have i
the Government uniform the naval !
militia aiso failed. The main contest
of the day was over a proposition to
decrease the number of timber dry- ,
docks provided by the bill from four to
three. Cannon, chairman* of the Ap- ;
propriations Committee, made the mo- j
tion to discuss the Question of war
preparations and to inveigh against !
undue extravagance. *He was voted
down— to 108. ,
No point of order was made against
the proposed timber docks, but Cannon
g»ve notice that he would raise a point i
against the proposed steel dock at Al
giers La., on the ground that a dock
necessarily involved in the future the I
establishment of a navy-yard. There ;
was some further discussion of the
relative merits of large battle-ships
and smaller craft, in which the tem
per of the House seemed about equally
divided, but the paragraph relating^ to :
the ships had not been reached when
the House adjourned.
Elliott (D.) of South Carolina moved an ;
i amendment to provide the naval militia
with clothing. He pointed out that tno
National Guard were provided with unK
form- If war came the naval militia.
I would be called on before the National ;
Guard, in fact, the naval militia of three
States had already been called out. The
Navy Department indorsed this proposl
i tl Boutelle pointed out that the Govern
■ ment had never been called upon to sup- :
\ ply clothing to the naval militia and he
i did not believe the scope of the Govern- \
rnent appropriations had been broadened. ;
■ The amendment was lost. ;
Another amendment was offered by
: Footo <X.> of New York to increase the
appropriation- for arms, accoutermenta,
etc., of naval reserves from SbO.OOo to
$IBout'eU1 Bout'eU (R.) of Illinois, in supporting
! he amendment argued that it was the
duty of the United States to inter to
Ci.ta His remarks aroused several out
burst's of applause, but he was repeatedly
culled ;o order under the ruling of yes
terday limiting the debate to the question
under consideration.
Lewis (D.) of Washington also argued
in favor of Intervention. War. he said,
was already upon us. We were fools to
; disguise it. It was not patriot c to delude
ourselves further. The Spanish torpedo
flotilla was sailing toward our shores. Ho
asserted that it was the duty of the Gov
: ernment to intercept -that fleet and blow
■it from the sea*. When he quoted John
Randolph's utterance., delivered In the
House In 1822, "As we would not be bullied
by the British lion, so we refuse to be
frightened by the Spanish jackal, the
House broke into cheers.
The amendment was defeated— to 57.
An amendment was adopted to permit
the Secretary of the Navy to use any por
tion of Michigan's naval militia fund to
' repair the damage to the Yantic. A para
graph to transfer the hydrographic office
from the Bureau of Navigation to the
! Bureau of Equipment, which had been
! recommended by the Navy Department,
: went out on a point of order.
Elliott (D.) of South Carolina made a
point of order against the provision that
none of the money appropriated for the
naval station at Port Royal, S. C, should
be available until the United States ac
quired title to the land claimed by Agnes
A. Niver. adjacent to the Port Royal dry
dock. The point of order was overruled.
Thereupon Elliott moved to strike out
j the provision.
I^entz (D.) of Ohio argued that it was
i criminal to suspend an appropriation for
! a naval station for a proviso at such a
time, as this. War was at our doors. We i
had appropriated $50,000,000 to prepare to
j meet it. The Spanish fleet was approach
i ing the country. "It is boys' play," said
1 he. "It is cowardice to talk about ac
i quiring title to land at a great naval sta
tion now. The naval station should be
prepared for action. (Applause.)
Dayton (D.) of West Virginia said:
i "We could lie* six countries like Spain
in the time necessary to build the pro
| posed key wall at Port Royal."
The amendment was lost— l 3to 63.
1 •When the paragraph providing for the
'' construction of four timber dry docks at
! Portsmouth, N. H., Boston, Mare Island
; and League Island, Pa., was reached, no
point of order was made against it, but
Cannon, chairman of the Appronriatlon
Committee, moved to reduce the number
of timber dry docks to be authorized to
! three, and to be located at such navy
yards as the Secretary of the Navy
' might direct.
The findings of the Bunce board and
the recommendations of the Secretary of
the Navy with regard to dry docks were
discussed at great length. '■:'■'.;."■?■■:.
Boutelle said he would vote for any in
crease in the number of torpedo-boats
that Cannon might suggest. "I suggest
that you strike out two of the battle
ships and insert, the equivalent in small
boats." [Applause.] -
"Strike down the fighting line and in
crease the mosquito fleet," observed Bou
telle, amid laughter.
Robbins (R.) of Pennsylvania moved to
strike out the provision for a drydock at
Portsmouth. The amendment was lost —
C 4 to 100, as was that of Cannon— to
107. ..•-.'•-• 
Then, at 5 o'clock, the House adjourned.
AS TO SERVICE OF
THE NAVAL RESERVE.
WASHINGTON, March 26.— At pres
ent it is not regarded by the navy offi
cials as probable that the naval mili
tia of any of the middle Western
States will soon be called into service.
The indications now are that a suffi
cient number of men can be secured
from the militia of Massachusetts, New
York and New Jersey to meet all re
quirements. Should hostilities break
out, however, it is regarded as ex
tremely likely that the naval militia of
both the middle Western and Southern
States would be called upon to assist
in manning auxiliary cruisers and
coast defense vessels.
Naval officials regard the naval mili
tia as a most valuable adjunct to the
navy proper, as it could be utilized not
only to man the smaller vessels, but
could be depended upon as a second
line of defense. As Assistant Secretary
Hoosevelt points out, there are two
very important features which could
be attended to by this second line. One
is the placing of mines, and the other
the establishment of signal stations
for coast defense.
The militia of Massachusetts and
New York has been given special in
struction in torpedo practice and
coast signaling and the service of such
men will prove of great value. It has
been suggested that the life-saving
stations, being under Government con
trol, should be fully equipped with ap
paratus for signaling.
MAT GARRISON
FORT POINT
Prospect of Regulars
Again Occupying the
Old Fort.
General Shafter Also Consider
ing a Flan to Locate the Ar
tillery Post There.
Headquarters of an Important Branch
of the Army May Be Removed
From Angel Island.
Old Fort Point, a conspicuous object
in the harbor of San Francisco, may
again be garrisoned by regular soldiers
of the United States army. The in
terior of the old brick and granite
structure has been swept clean, the ac
cumulated rubbish of years has been
removed and many preparations have
been made for the reoocupancy of the
premises by military forces.
It is probable that two batteries of
the Third Artillery will soon be ordered
from Angel Island to take station in
the fort. Batteries A and H of the
Third, now stationed at the Presidio
and on duty at the works overlooking
the ocean at Fort Point, are not ade
quate for the duties devolving upon
this branch of the service. The guard
duty, the care of the high power guns,
the mounting of new ordnance, the
handling of ammunition and the multi
tude of smaller detail duties, require a
force larger than the present garrison.
The double brick barracks at the Pre
sidio contain accommodations only ade
quate for the infantry and artillery
there stationed, hence in order to shel
ter new batteries the oid fort is to be
utilized. It is held to be also desirably
that there should be onstantly in the
immediate vicinity of the high power
guns at least two batteries of trained
artillerymen.
Inspection of the old premises shows
that the interior is dry and comfortable.
The granite foundations and the brick
walls are in condition to stand for
centuries. The fact is recalled that the
Government in the old days erected
buildings of a durable character. Unless
demolished to make room for more
modern fortifications the walls of the
old fort will stand long after the or
dinary barracks of the present epoch
have crumbled away. o-eupandy of
the quarters will not impose hardship
on the troops. The ocean outlook is in
splririg and the sea breezes ought to
Invigorate tli»' garrison.
It is just possible that General Shaf
ter may decide to transfer the head
quarters of the Third Artillery from
Angel Island to Fort Point and estab
lish two posts on the Presidio reserva
tion — one for infantry and cavalry at
the present station, and the other for
artillery at a point near the hip-h power
guns.
The quartermaster's department
arranged yesterday for the transfer of
the new twelve-inch breech-loadinc
rifle from the Southern Pacific freight
yarf'ys to a point on the bay near the
fortifications, where the gun is to be
mounted;
Olfiatfp were received at the Prefeidio
by • ':-' from vV»shington yesterday di
recting First Lieutenant John D P>ar
rette, Light Battery C, Third Artil
lery, to proceed immediateb- to Fort
Slo'cum, New York, for assignment to
duty with the new Seventh Artillery.
Another telegram was received direct
ing First Lieutenant Charles D. Pol
mer. Light Battery F, Third Artillery.
to report at once to the headquarters
of the neSv Sixth Artillery at Fort
McHenry, Maryland. Officers of the
engineer, ordnance and quartermaster
corns of the army in this department
rir>- busy. It is surmised that the en
gineers are putting everything in
readiness to utilize the torpedoes stored
at Goat Island station.
GENERAL BLANCO
PLACES EXTRA GUARDS.
Determined to Protect the Consulate
and All Americans and Their
Interests in Cuba.
HAVANA, Marc!l 26.— 1n addition to
i the regular guards, which for months
! have been on duty around the Ameri
' can Consulate, the Spanish authorities
fhave recently posted a force of six ex
tra men for service there. This precau
tion, I am assured, does not indicate a
j fear that the consulate or person o<*
I Consul-General Lee is in any special
i danger at the present time. It is ;in
I evidence rather of Captain-General
I Blanco's. purpose to prevent any pos
sible unpleasant incident which might
serve to aggravate the situation.
General Illanco, I am Informed, has
! recently reiterated his previously de
clared purpose to protect the consulate
and any and all American interests to
i the full limit of his authority, and Is
i prepared to furnish any number of
I men required to that end.
: ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ' ■ ,
America's Greatest Medicine
The following >is- a characteristic days it seemed as if he would. never be ; cannot say -too much in praise of Hood's
„ £ c OHOTVin .ii \ a ■-■ aur^rminl . Facts any better After a while he began ! Sarsaparilla as a blood purifier and
Hood ls Sarsaparilla testimonial. Facts any better and in a few weeks was building, up medicine." MRS. R. E.
liYiwrii^O^t^SAl^a^d ablJ to go out, although weak and mis- ANDERSON. Cumberland. Main.
endeared it to thousands of homes scat- erable. Then, gradually
tered all overUiis broadband. . An stren&th ,n, n His Limbs J<W^
jS* ml n^T\- gave out. The physicians told us it was /!sfrjjs^? ff^*^ ' \.
/ V*«ti* L^— J >v paralysis, which sometimes follows an ' /P«rSl«!r ,^{-vL^ \Sv Jbf \
/ vs^v^S. \ attack of diphtheria. We did every- /^^M^/^^^^^^^f^^^K
/_^_it'^#^if /^) \ thing for him, but he grew worse until /(^H /V J9&rf\ ' f{-^4^ \
r^'-^^ZjjL'X^.ffiibk t£-\) I \ he was in a pitiful condition. He suf- /JV/ »=— \£?Wr/[d?>~% ""■""A
An^RV^f^!Hr-- ir/ra^v A fered terribly at night and complained |*^A v^M^j\>£^ ',
/ IIJ1&&&J '^Wlir^fflll \V' \ continually of his head, and in what Lg-U,^ fjT\ I
i /hL^IbW '^ )v\tf / fT\ little sleep ** was able to get. ■moaned I /Ji/ )i<\ /
I U Tlr%W /'W 1';,1 ';, I unceasingly. He lost all control of the \ (/f/ X^ /
■ \ N^^SrJ^Sßj/g/f \\O :' 1/ muscles of his : body and limbs. He :\...' ;" ?-. /
\ lk*H»l' if \\ — / had no appetite and complained of feel- \ /
\ L^B*"^W? ''/ '• \ \ / ing sick at his stomach all the time. \ : :-'-j£ m S kL /
\ "" iM ! '\i ■'/'•■ IV / After we had tried many different rem- ::V; >!^^v.;^> / \
\ •' X^3^^ \ \±/ edies and had about given up all hope /Ss,^ 7^ ■■•
NSjjft^^) --jtt^ we commenced giving him Hood's Sar- v^«*^
s^^r- -" saparilla. In a short time he ceased ■
.. .■■'.:■; - : =i=^=s^--""'^ . to complain, his appetite improved and Economy Is also a characteristic of
"We like to tell what Hood's Sarsa- lat the end of three months he was able Hood's Sarsaparilla. Every bottle con-
parilla has done for us. Our four chil- 'to attend school a part of the time. Now j tains 100 Doses, and hence there is a
| dren had diphtheria. ' From the very jhe is well and quite a strong and rug- solid fact concisely stated in the fa-
first our little, boy Ralph, then seven j ged boy. You are at liberty. to use. this rhlliar line, 100 Doses One Dollar,
years old, was very sick and for several testimonial if you desire, as we feel we
Is America's Greatest Medicine because it accomplishes wonderful : cures .when all other medicines fail. Sold by
all druggists. . $1, six for $5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Apothecaries. Lowell, Mass. ■'■•'"'
DULL LEAD,
NOT BUCK
Latest " Fighting Color "
Selected for Ships of
the Navy.
Preparations for the Placing of
New Mounts on Revenue
Cutters for Torpedoes.
Contracts Also Made for Appliances
for Loading Vessels at Tortugas
and Key West.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 26.
Another shift was made to-day in the
plans for painting the warships, and
Captain Crowninshield formally deter
mined that all the ships of the navy
should be painted a dull lead color.
This was the color of all Federal ships
during the Civil War, and is said to be
the best "fighting 1 color."
The Naval Bureau of Ordnance is
preparing new mounts for a number of
Whitehead torpedoes, in order to place
them on the revenue cutters, the newly
acquired yachts and tugs. The tor
! pedo tubes were originally intended to
go below deck, but with the new craft
tubes and mounts must be changed for
j service on the upper decks. When this
! work Is done, Captain O'Neil, head of
I the bureau, expects- to be able to equip
sixty craft, if occasion demands, with
torpedo tubes.
The contracts for the big steel piers,
coalsheds and extensive coal appliances
for loading war vessels at Dry Tortugas
and Key West were let to-day. The
Union Bridge Company of New York
will build the steel piers, etc., both at
• Tortugas and Key West, the contract
! price being $590,000. The tracks, cars,
machinery, etc., will be furnished by
■ the Brown Hoisting Company of Cleve
land, 0., for $151,000. The contract calls |
for completing the extensive work at
I Tortugas in 180 days, and at Key West
in 190 days.
Formal orders were issued to-day by
: Captain Shoemaker, chief of the reve
■ nue cutter service, for the eight reve
l nue cutters called into the service at
i the navy rendezvous at the Norfolk
■ navy yard. The instructions given to
■ commanders of the ships were to report
. at Norfolk between the 29th of March
i and sth of April. Some difficulty is an
! ticipated in getting the cutter Gresham
, out of the great lakes. She is too long
. t<> pass through the docks of the canals
i .mi] it may be necessary for the depart
ment to cut off the stern of the vessel
• in order to permit the passage of the
• locks.
i Preparations are making for, the
- lighthouse board to turn over to the
■ Navy Department five lighthouse tend
ers, now in service on the Atlantic. In
• kructic-ns were ispued to-day by the
• board of the commanders of the tend
ers to make a complete inventory of
■ the present furnishings and equip
; ment of the vessels. It will be neces
: sary, of course, that these vessels be re
: fitted to some extent and equipped with
! such light-caliber guns as they are able
i to carry. The equipment of the vessels
and other necessary work upon them
. will be done at the Norfolk yards.
It is regarded as not unlikely that
• Commander W. M. Folger, now in
charge of the New York lighthouse dis
: trict, may be placed in command of
> the newly acquired Brazilian cruiser
. Amazonas,
Lodge of Elks Installed.
CHTCO, March 2«.— For the past two
weeks arrangements have been made for
the installation of a lodge of Elks here.
Last evening the members assembled at
their hall and elected officers as follows:
A. L. Nichols, exalted ru#r: Park Hen
shaw, esteemed leading knight; Joe D.
Srr/oul. esteemed loyal knight: t,- Mey
bem, lecturing knight; George H. Taylor,
secretary, Ed Harkness, treasurer; C.
Cunningham, treasurer: T. H. Barnard,
B. Cussick. F. C. Williams. J. W. Barker
and E E Canfiold. trustees. The officers
were Installed to-night There were regis
tered this evening 260 EUra from adjoin
ing towns, seventy coming from San
Francisco and Sacramento. After the
meeting a banquet was served.
Dr. "West Knew the Kassons.
STOCKTON, March 2G.-The Kasson
will case continues to attract crowds of
spectators to the Superior Court room
here At noon court adjourned until
Tuesday morning. The only interesting
feature \o™la\ wL the testimony of Dr.
feature w a j^ knpw thfi
Kassons in 1842. and had token dapuerro
1 vi M.-s of Mr and Mrs. Kasson in the
oVr v miel He Identified Mrs. Malloy
as the former Mrs. Kasson The witness
i« « years of age. and his memory of
facts and dates is remarkable. He said
he had known the Lindys, and knew
Georre W. Llndy, the claimant, when he
was a "bald-headed baby."
Odd Fellows Elect Delegates.
SANTA CBUZ, March 2fi.— J. S. Collins.
C D Ilinkle, Charles Bristol. Ed M. Si!
vey and A. T,. Williams have been elected
delegates from Branclforte Lodge I. O.
O P to the Grand Lodge, which will
meet in San Francisco on May 10.
SHIPS IN THE
TWO SQUADRONS
Vessels Named for Sta
tion at Key West and
Hampton Roads.
Captain Sampson to Have
Twenty-Three and Commo
dore Schley Five.
But These Fleeis Will Both Be
Rapidly Augmented by Impro
vised Torpedo Craft.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: For
mal designation was made to-day by
Captain A. S. Crowinshield, Chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, acting upon
the instructions of Secretary Long, of j
ships which ill comprise the squad- j
rons at Key West and Hampton lioads.
Captain W. T. Sampson, who has ;
been appointed Rear- Admiral Sicard's ■
successor as commander-in-chief of the j
North Atlantic squadron, will have a i
fleet at Key West composed of twenty- j
three naval vessels, and Commodore W. ;
S. Schley. who will command the fly- i
ing squadron, will have five vessels un- ,
der his control. This is the text of |
Captain CrowinshiPld's official order:
The following vessels compose the \
North Atlantic squadron: New York, |
flagship; lowa, Indiana, Miantonomoh. \
Terror, Puritan, Cincinnati, Marble- j
head, Montgomery, Castine, Nashville, |
Helena, Wilmington, Fern, Vesuvius; j
torpedo-boats Foote, Dupont, Ericsson,
Cashing, Porter and Winslow, and ;
tugs Leyden and Samoset.
The following vessels will compose
the flying squadron: Brooklyn, flag
ship; Massachusetts, Texas, Minneapo
lis and Columbia.
From this order It will be seen that
Captain Sampson has a fleet intended
for blockading purposes. His fleet .
consists of one armored cruiser, two
battle-ships of the first class; three j
monitors, four cruisers, four gunboats ■
and one dynamite cruiser with the ne- |
cessary accompaniment of torpedo
boats and tugs.
Commodore Schley's command is, as
its name indicates, intended for swift
offensive and defensive operations, and |
includes an armored cruiser, one first- j
class battleship, one second-class bat
tleship and two protected cruisers. It
is proposed to add to Commodore i
Schley's force the cruiser New Orleans, j
which will be placed in commission at j
the Brooklyn navy yard immediately
upon her arrival under command of
Commander W. M. Folger.
The cruiser San Francisco will be
added to Captain Sampson's force at
Key West. Besides \hese ships, it is
proposed, as stated in the Herald this j
morning, to add an improvised torpedo
boat flotilla to both squadrons. Com
modore Schley expects to secure at
least six of the small yachts and tug
boats. It is also proposed to add an I
effective force of picket boats to Cap- j
tain Sampson's fleet.
As members of his staff Commodore I
Pchley has selected Lieutenant J. H. :
Sears to be flag lieutenant and Lieuten
ant B. W. Wells Jr. flag secretary.
Commodore Schley wilT hoist his fliiß on
the Brooklyn on Monday, and will at j
once put his ships in condition for the
hard work they will be called upon to
perform in case of war.
ROEBER GIVEN THE
DECISION ON A FOUL
Thrown From the Stage While
Sprinting Away From Yousouff,
the Turk.
NEW YORK. March 26.— Fifteen thou
sand people crowded into Madison Square
Garden to-nif?ht to witness the Graeco-
Roman •wrestling match between You
souff, the Turk, and Ernest Roeber, the
world's champion.
At half-past 9 o'clock Yousouff pot on
the platform and had a rousing reception.
A tew minutes later Roeber climbed upon
the stage. His welcome was deafening-
Yousouff was the favorite in the betting.
Huph Leonard was chosen referee. Bob
Fitzsimmons held the watch for Roeber
and "Honest John" Kelly fur Yousouff.
Wnen the men stepped into the rins?. it
wps seen that the Turk was at least
five inches taller than his adversary and
fully fifty pounds heavier. When time
was called, both men stepped to the cen
ter of the mat, and Yousouff was the
first to get his hands on. Roeber kept
sprintinp away from the big fellow, and
finally took up a position near the edge
of the platform. Yousouff reached and
pushed his opponent clear off the stage.
Martin Julian sprang upon the plat
form and claimed the match for Roeber
on a foul, which Leonard allowed. Time,
one minute and fifteen seconds.
One of Yousouff's friends then made the
announcement that Yousouff desired to
give the fall to Roel^r and to go on again
in an hour, also taking the loser's end
of the money, whether he won or not.
At live minutes after 10, the announcer
said that the •referee had gone with two
physicians to determine whether Roeber
would be able to. continue and another
bout was put on. These contesi&nts
were Jerry Runkel of New York ana
Louis Skato of Japan. Runkel won* the
first fall in four minutes fifteen secnpils.
After this fall the announcer paid that
the doctors who examined Roeher Biad
declared him to be in unfit condition to
go back on the mat, and that the refiree
had decided to finally award the match
to Roeber, as it was evident to him tl".<;t
the Turk had deliberately fouled his op
ponent.
Martin's Condition Critical.
WOODLAND, March 26.— John Martin,
who was so badly scalded at the time of
tho boiler explosion, when J. D. Bainl
was killed, is in a precarious condition.
For a time he appeared to be getting
along very well, but secondary inflamma
tion has sot in and his recovery is con
sidered extremely doubtful.
Elected a Lieutenant.
WOODLAND. March 26.—Quartermas
ter Grant Marden was elected second
lieutenant by Company F last night.
There Wire five candidates and two bal
lots were necessary.
Spanish Bonds Are Falling.
MADRID, March 26.— Spanish fours
closed to-day at 71.25.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIMPLICITY ITSELF.
A SIMPLE, HARMLESS REMEDY.
Yet It Cures the Worst Cases of Dyspepsia
and Indigestion.
Dr. Jennison, who has made a nre
study of stomach troubles, says: All
forms of indigestion really amount to
the same thing, that is, failure to com-
pletely digest the food eaten; no mat-
ter whether the trouble is acid dyspep-
sia or sou: stomach, belching of wind,
nervous dyspepsia or loss of flesh and
appetite; a person will not have any of
them if the stomach can be induced
by any natural, harmless way to thor-
ou-hly digest what is eaten, and this
can be done by a simple remedy which
I have tested in hundreds of aggra-
vated cases with complete success. The
remedy is a combination of fruit and
vegetable essences, pure aseptic pep-
sin and golden seal pu up in the form
■ of pleasant tasting tablets and sold by
druggists under the name of Stuarts
Dyspepsia Tablets. One or two of these
tablets 3hould be taken after meals and
allowed to dissolve in the mouth and
mingling with the food In the stomach,
digests it completely before it has time
to ferment, decay and sour. r &.\ ■
On actual experiment one grain oi
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest
three thousand grains of meat, eggs
and similar wholesome foods.
It -is safe to say if this wholesome
remedy was better known by . people
generally it would be a national bless-
ing, as we are a nation of dyspeptics,
and nine-tenths of all diseases owe
their origin to imperfect digestion and
nutrition.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are not a
secret patent medicine, but a fifty cent
package will do more real good for a
weak stomach than fifty dollars' worth
of patent medicines, and a person has
the satisfaction of knowing just what
he is putting into his stomach, which
! he does not know when widely adver-
tised patent medicines are used.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, full size packages, 50 cents.
A little book on cause and cure of
stomach troubles mailed free by ad-
dressing The Stuart Co., Marshall,
Mich.
I THE MOST skillful.
DR. METERS & CO. of 731 • Market street
! rapidly cure all contagious ailments. They
j completely restore vital power, and stop those
deadly drains on your system.
THE MOST SUCCESSFUL
These Doctors 'have made their great reputa-
! tion by curing difficult cases. They are the
oldest and most reliable physicians on the
Coast. _
NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID
UNTIL CURE IS EFFECTED.
If you cannot call at the office send for the
I Greatest Book ever published for men, also
I symptom blanks, which will be sent you sealed
; free. ' .
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
I Specialists for Men of the English and German
•;;->: Expert Specialists.
731 MARKET STREET.
Hours. 8-6', Evenings, 7-3; Sundays, 9-11.
000000000000000000
%™.? PALACE wg
GRAND hotels o
Q SAN FRANCISCO. q
Connected by a covered passageway.
1400 Rooms. 900 With Both Attached. O
© All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
O European Plan. Bll. OO per day and upward ft
American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward **
O Correspondence Solicited. O
I O JOHN 0. KIRKPATBICK, Manager. q
i 000000000000000000
PCalcaeater*a English IMastand Braad.
ennyroVal PILLS
.^r-^ . Original and Only Genuine. A.
£& ( t&MJt Dro^Rl't tvfcMzhMUr't Bnplith £(?-jSt\
6SHd»w»i<i Brand in Ked ««J Gold icctallieX^JH'
%v —Z^BMjlboies, dialed with bine ribbon, 'i tie VkF
1W SS^lfMnootheis Ktfut* dangermis rahtitw V
I"/ -r .fif tioru an,! imitations. At [Hugger*, or Mud 4«.
I C» JJO In ctMbp* Ibr particular!, testimonial . »ni
R««» #5." Itclicf for l^adle*,** inlfttrr, bj r^tara
. Kr- Mall. 10,000 T-<timoni«l». if«m« **ap«r.
T x - — "/Cfclchc««tPrCfcemlcalC».,M«.H»«n^ lBar»,l Bar»,
all Local DruMUU. I'UJL VI A., FA,
q visit DR. JORDAN'S
i^r Museum of Anatomy
Jp|N§ \ 1061 StASIIT ST. b»t. £ *- 4 7ti. c . P. zz * L
oil The Ijrjfsl of its kind ia tie World. '
l^m\ DR. — Private Diseases.
iwV'firM j^ CooiolUtion free. TV'rite Tor E»ok
vi ! (^PhHosophy of Marriage.
O C MAILED FUSE.
DDTTOXJTTO FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DnUullijO ers - bootblacks, bath-
•T'^ houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, ; flourmtlls. - foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers.* .' painters, / shoe factories,
■ stablemen, tar-roofers.' tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacture rs,6oo Sacramento St
■A-.. ..■■■■■ . •, _■_■-_"
| a I m s I m aw I nJa aLIaQIuH
liw ca_ jn* I ■PS Bo y 11 1 1 1 LJth
,■■■::!.-.!-'■; -i u> i::..n ....:v. ..,;..;/j"-.:.C,v>"IN FAVOR
OF FORCIBLE
MEASURES
Majority in Congress in
Accord With the
President.
Many Members of Both Houses
Believe That Unless Spain
Backs Down War Will
Become Inevitable.
BOSTON, March 26.— The Journal will publish to-morrow the fol
lowing Washington special: Senator Foraker said this morning that
there would be a declaration before next Saturday night. He had a
talk with Assistant Secretary Day and told him that if the President
did not wish to be swept away by Congress he must take the initiative
himself. The tide was rising in Congress, he declared, and would
sweep everything before it. Senator Foraker speaks not only for him
self, but others, and Lj is a member of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, which will have the question in its keeping.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The
Herald's Washington corre
spondent sends the following:
THE SENATE.
Senators who favor interven
tion and doubt the possiblity of
obtaining results without the use
of force, 26.
Senators wl^o have not given
up hope of a peaceful solution, ">.
Senators who favor the recog
nition of Cuban independence, 7.
Senators in favor of immediate
forcible intervention and annex
ation. 1.
Senators who want official in
formation from the President be
fore committing themselves as
to the policy which should be
pursued, 39.
Absent and not seen, 11.
THE HOUSE.
Representatives who doubt the
possibility <<i obtaining results
without use of force, 88.
Representatives who have not
given up hope for a peaceful so
lution, 15.
Representatives who favor the
recognition of Cuban independ
ence. 7S.
Representatives who favor rec
ognizing the insurgents as bellig
erents, 6.
Representatives In favor of
forcible intervention and annex
ation, 2.
yes in favor of
joint intervention with European
powers, 1.
Representatives who want offi
cial information from the Presi
dent before committing them
selves to the policy which should
be pursued, 100.
Absent and not seen, 77.
"VYith a view of learning the attitude
of Congress on the Cuban matters In
the present emergency I have made : n
almost complete poll of the Senate and
House. It is shown by poll that the
President is now master of the situa
tion. Whether he will contim^ to he
McKINLEY ASKS
FOR A MILLION
For the Immediate Relief
of the Starving Men
in Cuba.
Has Sent No Demand to
Spain to Stop the
War.
Nothing to Bo Done in This Line
Until After the Spanish
Elections.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: The announcement was
'made late to-night by a high official
speaking for the President, that Presi
dent McKinley had decided to ask for
$1,000,000 for the purpose of feeding the
starving victims of the Cuban war.
He will make his request in a mes
sage which he will send to Congress
next week as soon as the Maine ques
tion has been temporarily disposed of,
if it can be disposed of diplomatically.
The President, it was said, is more
Impressed daily with the necessit> of
acting promptly and sending ■ direct re
lief" to the reconcentrados.
I am also authorized to deny the
Btatement sent out broadcast to-day by
the Associated Press that the Presi
dent has notified Spain, or is about to
notify Spain, that the Cuban war has
become intolerable to the United States
and must be ended at once. This de
nial comes, from the same source as
the information that the President has
determined to ask for a relief appro
priation of $1,000,000.
"Representation" about the war may
come, but it will not come on the eve
of the national election in Spain. Our
Government will Avait to see how the
election turns out. If the present Min
istry continues in power it will feel
that something can be done in the way
of terminating the war satisfactorily
after all.
From a French Point of View.
PARIS, March 26.— The Journal dcs
Debats, referring to the Spanish-
American situation, says: Spain will
defend her rights with admirable con
stancy, and the civilized world will
place upon the United States the re
sponsibility for a conflict which a sec
tion of the public seem to demand.
or not after th 6 message transmitting
the Maine report to Congress remains
to be seen. Much may depend upon the
character of the report and testimony,
and the understanding which he gives
to leaders in both houses as to what
his next step is to be.
As is indicated by the poll, a large
proportion of the men in both houses
are waiting to hear from the President
and to obtain full official information
before committing themselves as to the
policy which they believe the United
States ought to pursue in the impend
ing crisis. They wish the President to
define his policy and they expect it to
be one which will meet their full ap
proval and to which they can give their
hearty suppoTt. They do not wish to
hamper themselves in any way by pre
viously committing themselves to any
decided policy.
Many of them privately express a
most decided view on the subject, but
they have confidence in the President,
and they believe that his policy will be
one which they can heartily support.
The same degree of confidence iff the
President is expressed by a great ma
jority of the men included under other
heads in the poll. They have not felt, how
ever, that their declaration of opinion
would prevent them from falling in line
to support the President when he
should make known his plans.
One thing about which there cannot
be a shadow of doubt is that the ma
jority of both houses of Congress be
lieve that unless Spain backs down for
cible intervention will have to be re
sorted to and war will be inevitable.
The reasons for the general confidence
of the members of both houses in the
President is that they believe his pol
icy is steadily tending in that direc
tion, and that he is in a better position
to judge as to- the rate of progress that
should be made than any member of
Conprress can possibly be.
An examination of the poll will show
that unless there is some occurrence
between now and Monday to greatly in
flame public mind there is little danger
of Congress breaking away from the
administration and precipitating war
by hasty and ill-considered action.
GALL'S CLAIM
IS SUSTAINED
Widow of His Uncle Must
Share the Rich
Estate.
While the Will Is Knocked Out,
a Bill for Services Is
Finally Allowed.
Years of Litigation Will Result in the
San Franciscan Getting Twenty-
Five Thousand Dollars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The claim
of Charles F. Gall of San Francisco
against the estate of his uncle, Joseph
Gall, was sustained yesterday by the
appellate division of the Supreme
Court. Gall has been in constant liti
gation over the property for a dozen
years. He originally came to this city
from San Francisco at the request of
his uncle, who wished him to take the
name of Gall, and who promised to
leave him his property.
Joseph Gall was one of the oldest
opticians in this city, and had accumu
lated a considerable fortune. When he
died he fulfilled his promise and made
a will in his nephew's favor. A claim
ant soon appeared in the person of a
woman, who had been the aged man's
housekeeper. She had been known as
Amelia Stieb, but she asserted that
she had contracted a common law mar
riage with Mr. Gall and that she was
consequently entitled to a dower in the
estate. A jury sustained her conten
tion and held that she had been legally
married some time between the date
of the birth of her first child and Mr.
Gall's death. This legitimatized the
posthumous child born soon afterward,
and the effect of the will was over
thrown.
Then the question of marriage was
carried to the Court of Appeals and
was bitterly fought at each step. It
was only one of a very small number
of contested common law relations that
have successfully passed the test of all
the courts.
Charles F. Gall then began his first
suit against the widow. He put in a
claim for the specific performance of
his uncle's contract to leave him
money. This was carried to the court
of last resort and he was beaten.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
SPAIN IS
DECLARED
UNREADY
Castilians Receive Due
Warning From the
British.
The English Press and Foreign
Office Join in Saying That
the United States Will
Easily Triumph.
LONDON, March 26.— Although pub
lic opinion on this side of the Atlantic,
as in America, had already discounted
the findings of the United States Court
of Inquiry into the loss of the Maine,
and actual confirmation was expected,
the verdict only served to whet people's
appetites. It has in no way alleviated
the suspense or the anxiety in regard to
the immediate effect produced by the
report, nor the eagerness to know the
position which President McKinley and
his Cabinet propose to take in this dim
cult and delicate situation. So intense
is the interest in the latest turn of the
kaleidoscope, that it has immeasurably
increased the nervous tension which
has been agitating: Europe for the last
three months. There is little hope here
that hostilities can b* avoided, and it
is believed the revelation now officially
made will so combine the other factors
of the situation as to make war inevit
able, though it is still regarded as pos
sible that Spain, at the last moment,
will see the hopelessness of maintain
ing her position and yield to the inevit
able without, as a British admiralty of
ficial said, "having the lesson unmerci
fully hammered into her, although the
hammering may possibly not be accom
plished until after her spirits have been
raised by a temporary success." ■
It is at least realized here that the
movement to end the Cuban scandal is
no longer in the hands of the jingoes,
but that the solid sentiment of the
United States bids the executive act
when the proper moment arises; that
the risks have been estimated, and that
the great body of Americans are ready
to face them.
So far as it is possible to ascertain
the general diplomatic opinion, it can
be summed up in the words of a Foreign
Office man, who remarked: "The pre
servation of peace depends upon the
temper Spain displays when the inevit
able notification is delivered. The Pres
ident propc-ses to relieve the sufferers
by distributing food, clothes and medi
cines from American warships and
transports, precisely as Great Britain
is now, unofficially and on a smaller
scale, doing in Crete, and unless Spain
pockets her c-verweening conceit,
which has hitherto made the recogni
tion of her failure impossible to her, a
rupture must come from that quarter,
and Spain will put herself hopelessly
in the wrong. Spain's pretensions of
preparedness for war and her Finance
Minister's assurance that she has suffi
cient funds therefor are equally unten
able unless the latter contemplates the
immediate suspension of specie pay
ments and the payment of the inter
est on the debt in reaper. The truth is
FRANCE WOULD
HAVE PEACE
Ready to Offer Friendly
Intervention to Pre
vent War.
Regards Both Spain and
America as Her Warm
Friends.
Foreign Minister Hanotau x Declare
That Strict Neutrality Will
Be Preserved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, March 26.— 1n the Chamber of
Deputies to-day M. Gorussc-t, Socialist,
made a sweeping criticism of the for
eign policy of the Government. M. Ba
ron, speaking in support of M. Guros
sot, introduced the Cuban question. He
said:
•'France cannot remain indifferent to
the Spanish-American conflict and the
monstrous encroachment c-f the Anglo-
Saxon race on the Latin race. It is the
duty of France to approach Spain and
the United States with words of concil
iation and peace."
M. Hanotaux, Minister of Foreign
Affairs, replying to M. Baron, said the
negotiations with England regarding
West Africa were proceeding favor
ably. With reference to China M.
Hanotaux said the negotiations were
being carried on at Paris and Peking,
and that significant ,-esults might be
expected. Turning to Cuba, he said:
"However necessary the defense of our
own interests may be, it is subordinate
to the importance of the grave difficul
ties which the Cuban question has pre
sented too long. The whole world is
following with emotion and anxiety
the varying fortunes of the conflict
proceeding in Cuba, and the whole
world earnestly hopes for its speedy
conclusion.
"The interests affected or threatened
and the courage and perseverance dis
played add daily some element to the
dramatic trend of events in that
island. The Chamber knows the sym
pathy and esteem which the United
States inspire. On the one hand we
have an ancient and faithful relation,
good neighborly feelings, affinities of
race and interests, and. finally, the re
spect with which the patriotism of a
heroic nation naturally inspires us.
"On the other hand we have a power
ful republic, a sister of our own, full
of ardor and confident of her valor. *
who demands that an immediate end !
be put to evils in which she herself has '
that Spain is no more in a position to
fight the United States than was Greece
to fight Turkey. The one great hope of
the European chancellories is that the
President will succed in delaying the
explosion until, under the guise of au
tonomy, arrangements may possibly be
made to facilitate Spain's giving up
Cuba. It must be remembered that
for two years, although Spain has at
times assumed a vigorous attitude, she
has invariably failed to maintain it
when the crisis was reached. The sug
gestion of the continental press of in
tervention upon the part of the Euro
pean powers is mischievous, and noth
ing is more certain to provoke hostili
ties."
It has been suggested that the pres
ence in London <>f the Infanta Eulalie
is connected in some way with diplo
macy, but the list of guests at the offi
cial dinner given in her honor at the
Spanish Embassador's hardly lends
color to the assumption.
The Statist says: "While th"c out
break of hostilities would seriously af
fect New York. Madrid would be much
worse off. It would mean the immedi
ate suspension of specie payments and
either the suspension of interest on the
debt or paper payment. The financial
crisis would react on Paris, with the
probable effect of throwing the whole
of New York's demand for gold on
London, and fo indirectly affecting the
prices of all securities."
Continuing, the Statist remarks:
"The Government is indebted to the
Bank of Spain between eleven and
twelve hundred million pesetas, about
40 per- cent more than in 1897, and the
position of the I>;>nk is such that the
suspension of specie payments is bound
to follow any large tender of notes.
It- bullion is only 40 per cent of its
note circulation."
According to Madrid advices, the pa
pers there are whistling loudly, trying
to arouse a sense of wrong, with the
doctrine that war de facto was de
clared when the United States per
mitted support to be furnished to the
insurgents.
Early during tho week strict censor
ship denuded the newspapers of news
and cheated widespread alarm. This
was enhanced by the suppression of all
news of the movements of the Spanish
torpedo flotilla and the annoiiaeement
that a cruiser would accompany the
destroyers, which was taken to mean
that the Spaniards feared attempts
would be made by the United States to
stop the flotilla on its way to Porto
Rico.
Great interest is taken in the elections
to-morrow for the members of the
Spanish Chamber of Deputies. Tt is re
ported that General Weyler has tele
graphed to his friends in Cuba to with
draw their candidatures for seats in
the Cuban Chamber,
shared and which have lasted a very
lone time. Such is the position of the
conflict wherein both interests and
honor are involved. Our first duty is to
unceasingly express to the two nations
the desire of all that a sanguinary and
formidable fight be avoided.
"If these two parties, with rommon
accord, are endeavoring to find sure
and impartial friends to help them in
amicable arrangement of so grave a
question, they will see that all well-in
tentioned people are lending themselves
to the desire and we will not be back
ward. But it would be going beyond
the reserve imposed upon us to go fur
ther than this. T can here, at least,
only renew the expression of our ar
dent wishes for an equitable solution of
the matter, wherein right, honor and
liberty may be satisfied, and which will
result in maintaining between tv~ --
tions, equally dear to us. the great
benefit of peace." (Cheers.)
A motion approving M. Hanotaux's
statements was adopted by a vote of 300
to 111.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wi elP^^t^*^ nation won'twork.
BS bank officers can't get at
*Jj their own money. There
BrolSjMjttSliS ma y c millions in the safe,
tffl^Srn^i^g^f on getting at it in a hurry
they would be bankrupt,
! limply because the combination won't work.
A sick man is, in very much the same fix
about getting at the nourishment he needs
' to keep him alive. There is plenty of good
food at hand, but his digestive organism is
out of. order; the nutritive. "combination '■'
of his system won't work. He can't possi-
bly get at the nourishment contained in the
: . food. He takes it into bis stomach, but it
•does him no good. -^ It isn't made into good
blood. He is just as badly off as if th-:
food was locked up where he couldn't toucL
it. He gets no strength or health out of it.
; All these mal-nutritive conditions have a
perfect and scientific remedy in Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. It puts the nu-
tritive V combination :of the system into
perfect working order. It gives the diges-
! • tiv» and blood making: organs power to
! -make pure, red. healthy blood, and ; pour it
\ into the circulation abundantly and rapidly.
It drives out all bilious poisons and scrof-
I ,alous germs, cures indigestion, liver com-
plaint, nervousness and ' neuralgia/ and
builds up ; solid flesh, active power and
nerve force.
Mrs. Rebecca F. Gardner, of Grafton, York Co.,
Vs., writes: " I was .so sick with dyspepsia that I
could not eat anything for over four months.'ll I
had to starve myself, as nothing would stay on my '
stomach I was so badly off I could not cat even a !
cracker. . I thought I was going to die. : I weighed
' only ■ So i pounds. - ; ■I 1 tried % almost . everything, .
»nd nothing did me any good, until I took; two |
' Lotties of the ' Golden Medical Discovery.'.; 'I zm \
1 bow as well as I ever was. and weigh »»« pound*: '
■■. . ; J
' ADVERTISEMENTS.- .-..;.„ .__-_'_; ' ■"'"■ .: : .'— '
■^^ v lL^ a N 11. 11.^^^
4. J| A g 4.
4- » 4. » 4- •44444-4-4-44444444e ]~T) A"V
(4- ; » ■"*" ■'» ? 4- OPPORTUNITY— '%
4- & 4- # 4- 1 7"Acre is a tide in ike affairs of men + /w\\ v j) ''iX V I D A V 7
4. 0 4. <J 4- 4- There is a tide in ihe affairs of men 4- fw\\(( J) ! '^« I )l /^ »
4- » 4- » :■>;■.■■ ,_ \ "♦" Which,' taken at the flood, leads en to +.\ 1 V il v \J'A \ lL^/n\ ii o .
4- »4-O 4- t fbrtune; "♦" '- ; _ , ,
4- » ♦» 4- "♦■ offl/fM,0 ffl /fM, a// tt« KO/c se ■* ftef> life ■♦■ , The new head-
Jo Jo t ■■'"' 4^M&&fe&s&^ + less Top will be
lal 5 I 4/s bound * shallow and in 'miseries.^ >3r- X presented to all
4- « +&+ ■ '. 4. On such a full sea ere *c row afloat; > <^\ \ Olor young
'h+i a kV;i » 4- ■ + And we must iake ike current nUn it + I^J j f i en ds Monday
.♦,»•♦«♦ "♦■ ser " es ' * t \H^Lo- / with their pur-
■' 4- »-f» 4- +Or lose our ventures. 4 YJA\r\_^J chase.
4- :a 4- a - "♦" —Shakespeare, JULIUS C/ESfiR. 4 ; /OVZIIIV ■
14- a 4-» 4- -^-- lLm I / ■■ • "
4- .a 4- a - ■ 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 444444448 Jj As^ .' '. : 7^^, crop 0/
tg4 g 4 * ;^ success follows closely upon the Aj thos«_iong-trou-
4- a . « -r .. / . . . j i .{ ser Middy Suits,
4- a^.«;-»- heels of another. y^ as you - see in
t 4a 4 We took a, notion the other day to fill picture opposite.
4. 4- a - owr corner window with all the new They' re awfully
4 a ■♦ ■» ♦ specimens of Gentlemen's High- Class ~ — S^J^SS
1 A 4 a 4 n'i mi ' f 1 • n i~ • • l Olive, witn znevr
J" °4. a 4 ul^ - There s not one in that window : little man -of -
4. 4. 04. exhibit out what you would, without the i^ivi^te war-like trou-
4 -a 4- »4- slightest hesitancy, he willing to pay at l&s^rJ. sers,avery cute
■ ♦*_>!_ any time Fifteen Dollars for. %®2Mm and f6Of 600 ™™?
4- -a 4- $4- /777 i -Ji 7 ' . 7-7, i^^r^njt* spring costume
4^4«4 ?%0 high-class manner in which A%M^%-^or little folks
4 a 4 a 4 these Suits are gotten up, the newness of £§ y \r\ between the ages
tfii■ » ' 4 each and every pattern, the ivavmth and J\ /of 3 and, 10; $5
;tg^ « 4 prettiness of the spring colorings or ought .^Vt/ pri^far^ha
v '■"*" 0♦:« -f i^o oz^r house the largest concourse of ,_>•% \( 7 suit - On special
X° t « "♦" men folks that's ever been our good for- \ \\\ sale Monday at
4-04-0^ tune to attend. WxbX \\\\ <^Q QQ
4»4 « £ The forceful magnetism of a small >;t JU^ .-v.^'V 0 *'
4 a 4-« 4 price, linked to the choicest conceptions - — — — L - — — — —
4 'a 4. o4- of the tailor's art, proved a tempting A good thing
t't't bait-too tempting for the men, folks to - hea i S J^ 6^±
■ 4 £fc 4- w '4 . f ■-.■■*■-- anco trie crowds
4- »4» 4- resist. ■ . that gathered to
iZt*X . +++ +++++++ + + + + + . p|) :^-^f^
|pl| > The golden opportunity -. J^ tTiUZrl"^
*«:« : :of the moment was seized. * JS€Y\ :««^i^|
t § : g : : The same opportnnity is ♦ tfTlTsrZ
:«:§": : re P eated again Monday, : 111 1 iif .' ||^If pf|
**♦ » ♦ •++ + + + +>+» +++- . + » irIUW SaturclauTliey
4 O 4 <» 4 ii^P^, are $3.50 val-
s W .^^ ues. and me will
JP% 'Wi b"^^ $1.98;
■ W\'\ IjgggggH I (*±y-- : rived late Sat-
/) ir \ ioing to school.
TT^ Tl O /f^ z*^ I I "%) These for Mon-
_ . \ l( v^vi
II II 1 I Are a feature of the Unrigs of I//\_J '~, 7~~~^Z:
H _ _ ■ ■ »,, ' ■ > . 7 . ••• . •' iffl fell • ; An underwear
111 II so "' c of these suits. A picking . MM ] event of small
; . .■. ■ ■■■ ■ • ■ /roAn, nearly fifty distinct styles, i_ ff. j importance ,
B B ■ ■ ■ all at $8.88, represent the as- y wherein we will;
■i■ H _ sortment to select from. Surely close out a of
■■7 - 7 i , ;-•■.-.- ■_■ .i- • *»_- - ; :—: — our small lines,
■B■ ■ ■ ' a ' V? wherein to satisfy taste odds and ends;
and fashion, and were they not 'twere goods
/fi^ji ■ ' tagged plainly: $8.88 you'd — 5 — £afc^_ v ranging in val-
(m. 1) scarcely believe ■""'"■ eyes, so f W liou^'findi/bur
)Sbdßi pretty are they, so truthfully j||||||ai|| " . s i ze a mon^ 'em,
C~~\ /JrMwSk are tfo y wor l S J'">- it's yours at
t?T /Pit Hi! i&l'- No other house on the Pacific ' fil|ll|ll| "■• QQ/>
JkJ\ : '%V~£W^ jasfr_ Coast enjoys the distinction of |||gjl|j||j o 1 _, . - ,
/\^r\^^^^^^ff\U)l\ such a large following of men jgg"^s " lg a> nben '
/I ' Xffi-'W^I/ A ) folks as ours. BBBhJ A Gentlemen's
I 4 sJSIKin. Py They rest easy in the content- Fancy Shirt
F>7 LflwKiJiVv r-< ment of knowing whatever they Event A lot of
<■:-' AV-/|S llil/ \ \^V^ , -!.•■«.•»« / 1 the prettiest and
( -U^7 V'A^i \"N' get from the Big Kearny-street newest Spring
' i ' \§^^^Pf \ \ House is the ; correct fashion <it&t ILj Shirts for \. Gen-
' / /•''/sf ! 7lf&' V iM '■ hence our large following. tlemen, with,
\\\ I f )§J 111 1 I ; colored, bodies
I /I 1 / 111 «•' ' : '^ ""'^ bosoms,
1 I /g|^|X \ l! -. S SiSi.'-'nffl with extra cuffs;
\\ •! /®f /7 < 'J I ' err a swell
■ \t (Hi I^7 w * ■V < °^ £ n °d s an &
3 ml y 1 !!/ ' 0-o—o—o—o—o—o—o—o—o—o—o—o j ■' brand new,
k* ° This $8.88 offer will be o ! i►; I very best of. Per ~
I This $ 8.88 offer will be \ .? J g very best nf P er-
■■■ ■ ■ oleo learc ar feature of our ? gjg cafes. To be
__■ ■ ■ ? doings ' for the next o ,«^ || «; plainer with
■ _ o week. o sj* you, they' r" ottr
o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o f ill I I c/- ; v Tr
B n ■ ■ ■ Llii S i Shirt. J-orJ[on~
B B ■ ■ ■ Toe.
r/r>?t /e^ «// AmßmmßmmmfKmim^ # v r^S^ i mr-S^M^SSmm^f we're really at
new, fresh fllHlllllllwiMWiiii ■■«' aiii*«w»ffly jr* n TnMiMfcmi ll f cfa«H««wsgTO»»»^ ;055; 055 0 e^
goods; we T7T7? 7?7?r?r*n tmvq " - ' you more
have no room, , ' THE FBISCO BOYS, . v v :v • ; av out'em ; bet-
for has-beens. 9, 11,13 AND 15 KEARNY STREET. fergeg'gmw
TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS. .;, EIGHT FLOORS. '" am
34
PASSING
OF A DUKE
OF NOTE
Triple Right of the
Head of Illustrious
Talleyrands.
Peer of France and Head
of a Feudal Principality
in Germany.
Emperor William Must Select
the Successor to His Title
and Vast Estates.
FRANCE'S LATEST SCAN DAL
Stir in Society Caused by the Sudden
Departure From Cannes of
Princess Louise.
Copyrighted, IS3B, by James Gordon Bennett
PARIS, March 26.— One of those who
have passed away during the week
and who was as much talked of as any
among the most prominent men of the
day was the Due de Talleyrand-Peri
gord et Valencay, who died at the age
of 87, at his princely residence in Ber
lin the other day. With him disap
peared one of the highest and most
original figures of French heraldry.
Peer of France, Knight of the Golden
Fleece, head of the illustrious Talley
rand family, he was a triple duke —
Duke of Talleyrand and Valencay in
France; owner of a fine historic chateau
of the latter name; Duke of Sagan in
Germany, and head of a fedual princi
pality.
Although he generally lived in Ger
many, where he was persona grata at
the court of W T illiam 11, and where he
was represented by a notary in the
House of Lords, to which he belonged
by right, Due de Talleyrand was
well known in Paris, where he often
came and lunched daily at the Jockey
Club, enlivening the table by his
charms of conversation. No one sur
passed him as a grand seigneur combin
ing the bearing of the grand siecl«
with the elegance of modern society.
Although 87, he still hunted on his
estates at Valencay, which are among
the finest in France. He became sud
denly ill at Berlin after spending an
evening at the opera. The next morn
ing his valet found him dead in bed.
On receipt of the news all the members
of the family started for the German
capital, where the obsequies have just
been celebrated with erreat pomp in
the presence of Emperor William, who
will have to decide which of the rela
tives will inherit the title of the feudal
estates of the Duchy of Sagan. Those
who know what violent disputes exist
between members of the family, of
which one episode was the recent ab
duction of the Prince de Sagan, when
unconscious and paralyzed, by his wife,
can well imagine the somber drama to
be enacted around his coffin one of
these days.
In the meantime the true heir to the
name and titles, whom we have known
as leader of society and fashion, Prince
de Sagan, whose silvery hair and eye
glass, with its black string; formed one
of the moat conspicuous figures in
Paris, "viveur et mondain," the Prince
de Sagan, now 66 years of age, has,
by the death of his father, become the
legal head of the family. The poor
Prince de Sagan, motionless in an arm
chair in which he will end his life, was
the only one absent from the funeral
ceremony, and probably in the feeble
condition of his faculties is ignorant of
the event which creates him a million
aire, and of the conflict between his
sons for the ducal coronet, which his
powerless hands can no longer hold.
The great names I have just cited are
not the only ones that have been prom
inent this week. There has been much
stir over a story related by the Herald,
that of the sudden departure from
Cannes of a princess of royal descent,
whose differences with her husband
have been no secret since a certain sen
sational duel. A few days after the de
parture of Princess Louise a notice ap
peared in the Petites Affiehes of PariE
stating that Duke Philippe of Saxe Co
bourg et Gotha would not be responsi
ble for any debts the princess, his wife,
might contract. This notice, which was
somewhat startling when the persons
concerned are considered, gave rise to a
contradiction In the papers, but it
turned out that the denial was a hoax
and it was repudiated by the Austrian
Embassy, to whose authority it was at
tributed. It therefore appears that the
original notice is authentic and ema
nated from the duke. The step is not a
very chivalrous one, but if certain whis
pers in circulation are to be believed v
was due to the negotiations for a very
large loan for which Prince Philippe
would not accept marital responsibility.
It is reported that a conseil de famille
will shortly meet at Vienna to put an
end to the situation, which is giving
rise to too much scandal.
NEW WAR SCARE
IN THE FAR EAST
France Has Twenty - Nine
Cruisers on the Way North
Avoiding Hongkong.
Great Activity Among English Fleets,
Which Are Being Put On a
War Footing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, March 26.— A dispatch to the
Times from Hongkong says: Orders were
issued yesterday to the naval establish
ment there to make urgent preparations
to place Itself on a war footing. The
staff, it is added, was augmented and mo
bilization was ordered.
The dispatch further announces that
twenty-nine French cruisers have gone
north, avoiding Hongkong. The British
battleship Barfleur has gone to Naga
saki, Japan.
The Sunday papers are indulging in a
British war scare on account of affairs
in China. Great prominence is given to
the naval preparations which are being
made at Portsmouth, Devenport, Chat
ham, Hongkong and other places.
The Admiralty has asjced for urgent re
ports regarding the condition of ships
which are refitting, and several battle
ships have been ordered to take on coal
and prepare for sea. Over 3000 men are
working overtime at Devenport alone.
SEALERS LOSE
THEIR LIVES ON
THE ICE FLOES
Forty-Eight of the Greenland's Crew Frozen
to Death and Sixty Horribly
Frostbitten.
ST. JOHNS, N.F., March 26.— The steamship Greenland, returning
from the seal fisheries, put into Bay de Verde to-night and reported a
terrible disaster. On Wednesday last, when among the ice floes, while
her crew was traveling about the floes in search of seals, a storm arose,
accompanied by a blinding snow, which drifted rapidly, and a severe
frost.
The members of the crew who were on the ice could not regain the
vessel and were exposed to the terrible weather throughout the night
and all the next day. Forty-eight men perished and between fifty and
sixty were so badly frostbitten that each will have to undergo the
amputation of one or more of his limbs.
Yesterday the Greenland succeeded in recovering the bodies of
twenty-five of the victims, but the remaining twenty-three were
buried beneath the snow drifts.
All of the frostbitten men are now aboard the steamship and are
suffering terribly, having been without proper medical attendance.
From the circumstances of the disaster it is feared that other
steamships have suffered in a similar manner. The city is in a state
of great excitement. The disaster is the worst recorded in the history
of the sealing industry. Most of the victims were married men.
The Greenland is expected to arrive here to-morrow and the Gov
ernment is making preparations for the accommodation of the frost
bitten sufferers.
FEATURES OF
THE CARNIVAL
Ladies of San Rafael Pre
paring Many Novel
Amusements.
Headquarters Are Opened and
the Work Goes Forward
Rapidly.
E. W. Newhall Chosen to Bs Grand
Marshal of the Floral
Parade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, March 26.— E. W.
Newhall has been selected by the com
mittee of San Rafael ladies as the
gTand marshal of the parade which Is
to be the main event of the rose ear
1 nival in San Rafael on May 6 and 7.
Mr. Newhall has accepted the honor,
| and will appoint his staff next week.
The headquarters of the carnival were
! opened to-day in the Peters block on
j the main street and the first colors were
I displayed. The orange, green and white
! blend in artistic harmony and the dcc
i orations on the building have been
! viewed by many people. The plans for
the festivities are being outlined, and
; are elaborate in the extreme. Friday is
! to be devoted to SRorts, and among the
I special features will be trick bicycle
riding on the streets, bicycle races, open
to all, a paper chase, starting from the
! entrance of the Hotel Rafael, under the
! auspices of the San Rafael Hunt Club,
! and leading the riders through the can
1 yons and over the hills about Marin's
; county seat, a fox hunt and other
i amusements of a like character.
The plans for the decoration of the
i town are on an elaborate scale. Arches
i will be erected at the depots of the
i North Pacific Coast and the San Fran
1 cisco and North Pacific railroads.
1 Spans forming arches of the carnival
j colors, will be erected on the streets
' leading to Fourth street, and on this
: thoroughfare a number of spans will be
i erected while Japanese lanterns will
! be strung along the sides of the streets
!at an elevation of fifteen feet The tele
' graph poles and posts will be hidden
I entirely from view by natural greens
I obtained from the wooded canyons of
! Marin County.
The great rose festival has the ear
! nest support of President A. W. Foster
> of the broad-gauge road and President
1 J B Stetson of the narrow-gauge road,
and these gentlemen have agreed tv
I transport the greens and flowers from
every part of Marin County to ban Ra
! fael to be used to convert the Marin
County metropolis into a huge bou
■ quet.
The Courthouse square Is to be on«
i of the main points of attraction, for
here the queen of the festival will have
■ her throne amid thousands upon thou
sands of flowers of every description.
! From the dome of the Courthouse
stringers of electric lights will be
brought down in graceful curves to- the
j corners of the square. These stringers
will be of carnival colors.
The main day of the festival will be
• Saturday, May 7. On that occasion
: the queen will be escorted through the
'' streets by military companies to her
1 throne in front of the courthouse. On
i her arrival there she will be received
by the Governor of the State, or, in the
absence of the Governor, by some
I member of the State Government.
Mayor William J. Miller will deliver to
the queen the key of the city, and the
prime minister will read with imposing
ceremony the proclamation that the
city of San Rafael has been turned
over to the gods of mirth and happi
ness must reign supreme. The great
pageant will pass the queen's throne
and be reviewed by her majesty. The
parade will then countermarch and the
judges will then decide who shall be
awarded the prizes and ribbons for the
finest displays. After the parade the
queen will hold a reception from 5
o'clock until 7, after which a ball will
conclude the festivities. Fireworks
will be set off from the hill back of the
town on Friday evening.
PRISON DIRECTORS
MEET AT FOLSOM.
Warden Aull Granted an Indefinite
Leave of Absence and Two
Prisoners Paroled.
SACRAMENTO, March 26.— At a
meeting of the Board of Prison Direc
tors to-day, Warden Aull was granted
an indefinite leave of absence. Two
prisoners were paroled.
Sacramento Out of Debt.
SACRAMENTO, March 26.— T0-day the
Bonded Debt Commissioners bought $237,
000 of city bonds of 1893 from Meyer &
Davis, chief holders of Sacramento
bonds. They paid par value for them,
with interest to February 1. This prac
tically wipes out the city debt of over
thirty years' standing. It was originally
less than a milion dollars, but has cost
the people nearly two millions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
NEVILLS' GOLD
IS IN DEMAND
Second Suit Growing Out
of the Palace Hotel
Incident.
Ex-Foreman Azhdarian Wants
Twice the Sum His Brother
Demanded.
Belief in Fresno That an Ulterior
Motive Actuates the
Pair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. March 26.— M. H. Azhdar
ian, the former foreman of Captain \V.
A. Nevills owner of La Favorita and
Paragon vineyards in this county and
the Rawhide mine and extensive inter
ests at Jamestown, to-day filed suit
against the capitalist asking for $50,000
damages for the unpleasant experience
which he claims he had with the cap
tain in the Palace Hotel in San Fran
cisco March 14. Yesterday the plain
tiff's brother, John E. Azhdarian, sued
for $25,000 for two hours' alleged im
prisonment in the Palace, but the for
mer foreman was not content with a
modest sum like that. He demands
twice the amount to compensate him
for his grievances.
The complaint recites the fact of the
alleged imprisonment and then the
ordeal which Azhdarian claims to have
passed through is thus stated:
"That the defendant made repeated
| violent assaults upon plaintiff with
I firearms, struck him on the head with
a deadly weapon, knocked him down
and kicked, beat, bruised, wounded
! and otherwise grossly mistreated the
plaintiff to great damage, to wit: To
i his damage in the sum of $50,000."
It was rumored that the wealthy
vineyard Ist and mine owner was to be
made defendant in another damage
suit for $100,000, with Azhdarian as
plaintiff. The opinion was freely ex
; pressed by those who riaim to have the
: inside to the trouble between the Azh
: darians and Nevills that there is an
ulterior motive in the suits. Nevilla
i is preparing to defend his actions and
| has engaged a detective to collect evi
dence. Nevills' defense will be that
'■ there is a conspiracy to unburden him
of some of his wealth.
ACTOR CORBETT'S
BAGGAGE HELD
Attached by the Manager of
the Victoria Theater at
Portland.
Suit Brought Against the Thespian
ior Alleged Breach of
Contract.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAKD. Or.. March 26.— The bng
gnpe of the Naval Cadet Company, of
which James J. Corbett is the star, was
attached this evening just before the com
pany left on the Southern Pacific train
for San Francisco, on a broach of con
tract suit brought by Manager Jameson
of the Victoria Theater. Corbett gave
bonds Just in time to get away. Jameson
claims that he had asked Corbett for a
three days' engagement at Victoria,, and
that Corbett decided not to come, thereby
depriving him (Jameson) of $300 profits
on the engagement. Corbett, when seen
just before he left for San Francisco,
said:
"I have been so seriously ill that T had
ta send for my wife, and it was impossible
for me to act. My contract with Jame
son and every other actor plainly states
that if I am sick I have a right to can-
C«l ai» engagement, und this is what I
did. It was a dirty, low-down way to
use a man, to sneak around here * and
attach me at the last minute, but I hap
pened to get wind of what this fellow
Jameson was hanging around here for
and I foiled him."
Glove Contest at Gridley.
GRIDLEY, March 2G.-The ten-round
glove contest here to-ni(?ht between
"Jack" Santry of Marysville and Joe
Colts of Sacramento resulted in a draw.
There were four preliminary events.
Frank Crowley of Marysville and N. L.
Padilla of Sacramento fought four rounds
to a draw. F. Drew and Joe Nantz of
Sacramento met, Nantz winning in the
second round. Clark and Coffman, both
local pugilists, came together and Clark
won in the second round. F. Blake of
Sacramento defeated Frank Vahle of
Marysville in two rounds. This was Grid
ley's first pugilistic exhibition, and a
large crowd attended.
Gladstone's Critical Condition.
LONDON, March 26.— Elaborate precau
tions have been taken to keep any infor
mation from reaching the press concern
ing Mr. Gladstone, but it is learned that
his condition to-day is more critical.
GUESTS OF
THE CITRUS
COLONY CLUB
Annual Fete Attended
by Hundreds of
Visitors.
Delightful Festivities in
the Placer County
Foothills.
Luncheon Served in the Open,
Under the Orange
Blossoms.
TENNIS CHAMPIONS MEET.
George Whitney and Walter Brad-
Bhaw Win th© Club's Silver
Trophy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOOMIS, March 26.— The Citrus Col
ony Club of Placer County entertained
its friends to-day at the club quarters
a few miles from Penryn. It was the
annual fete and the climax of the fes
tivities was a tennis match between
Robert N. Whitney and George Brad- j
shaw, and George Whitney and Walter
Magee. Large contingents from Au
burn, Sacramento and Marysvllle ar- i
rived at the club quarters early in the j
morning. About 500 visitors were re
ceived by the entertainment committee
and made at home at once. The stone j
club house on a knoll commanding a \
view of the foothills, with the snow- |
capped Sierra in the distance, was be
decked with flags. Three counties were
represented— Placer, San' Francisco and j
Sacramento. J. Parker Whitney, the |
tennis enthusiast and fete promoter, i
was in evidence throughout the day I
and his successful management won
the commendation of all.
The guests of the Citrus Colony—
the Burlingame of Northern Califor
nia—collected from the four quarters
on drags, traps, four-in-hands and al
most every other description of ve
hicle. Luncheon was served in the
open under the orange blossoms, and
the mild weather made it possible to
have a genuine garden party.
Soon after luncheon the tennis play
ers appeared on the courts reafly to
do battle. The Whitneys, Magee and
Bradshaw and the two Hardys are n«>w
the best six players on the coast. The
match to-day was between the two
rival teams of San Francisco, and was
won, to the great surprise of all, by |
George Whitney and Walter Magee.
It was for the best three out of five
sets, and Robert N. Whitney and Brad
shaw failed to attach a solitary one to
their credit. George Whitney and
Walter Magee are now the champions
in doubles of the California Tennis j
Club, a* well as of Northern Califor- |
nia, arid to remind them of their vic
tory each has now in his possession an
unchnsed silver cup as a trophy.
With the guests and club members
crowded on the outskirts of the courts
the match began. G. Whitney and Ma
gee took the aggressive from the start
and won the first two games. Robert
N. Whitney and Bradshaw played ner
vously at first, but steadied down
quickly. The third game went to them
and the fourth to their opponents.
Game by game all fought with deter
mination and spirit, and the score in
creased until it was a deuce set.
Eighteen games were necessary to close
this set, and victory rested with George I
Whitney and Walter Magee.
The second set was won with much
less exertion on the part of the victors.
In this set, with the sun beating in j
their eyes, Whitney and Magee clearly
outclassed their opponents. The first !
game was won by R. N. Whitney and
Bradshaw, but that was the extent of ;
their temporary success. In succession i
six games were won by Magee and
George Whitney, and with them the
set. The games were nearly all deuce j
and hotly fought, but the offensive play
of the winners was too efficacious to be
counteracted.
The third set looked much like the i
property of the losers. Three games |
were won by them. Magee and Whit- :
ney lost three straight. Then they won
the fourth. The fifth they lost, and
here was the time for their opponents
to score, but they failed at the crucial
test. So good a chance neglected was
not offered again, and George Whitney
and Walter Magee won the set. match
and tournament. The complete score j
was 10 to 8, 6 to 1, 6to 4.
The result of the match was a sur- j
prise for many reasons. In practice j
Robert N. Whitney and Bradshaw de
feated the other team right along, and
they anticipated an easy victory to- !
day. It was the playing of Magee that
upset the calculations.
His work at the net was superb and
his smashing and volleying of such ac- i
curacy that his opponents were kept <m
the jump throughout the match. George !
Whitney's playing was of its usual \
careful order, accurate placing and a j
keen watchfulness for uncovered
ground.
After the match George Whitney j
played an exhibition single with Walter
Magee.
Among those who attended the fete j
were Mrs. MacMillan of New York, the
Misses Loughborough and Mr. and
Mrs. J. Parker Whitney of San Fran
cisco, Mr. and Mrs. Crutehers and Miss !
Violet Boole of Auburn. Frank Miller ;
of Sacramento, and Leon and Fred !
Greenbaum of San Francisco.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
WASHINGTON, March 2fi.—Superin
trnclent Roberts, in cnarge of the con
struction of the new San Francisco Post
office building, after making a careful ex
amination of the marble quarries of Cali
fornia, has made his report to the Treas
ury Department. He finds that granite
will bo much more accessible and better
in every way than marble. The depart
ment will therefore use granite, ass stated
in The Call some time ago.
Representative Castle will try to secure
from the Secretary of War permission for
the cattlemen of Southern California to
drive their cattle and sheep through the
National Parka (Yosernite and Sequoia)
en route for Nevada. If the authorities
of that State allow them to be brought
there this will afford the cattle good graz
ing until they reach their destination.
Charles F. Allen was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Cucamonga, San Bernar
dino County, Cal.. vice William J. Kin
caid. Arthur Simon was appointed Post
master at Scott River. Siskiyou County,
vice Greenbry Hick, removed.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original widow— Margaret
Kirlin. Lios Angeles, $8.
Oregon: Original— Oliver H. Cobb, Dal
las, $6; Paul F. Minzinmaier, Salem, $6;
Benjamin Radabaugh. Salem, IS; Daniel
Liles (dead), Newberg, $S. Original wid
ows, etc. — Volana G. Downes, Newberg,
f£
Washington: Original — Charlei F.
Thayer, Orting, $6.
WINS FROM
CAMBRIDGE
Oxford Captures the Boat
Race Over the Put
ney Course.
Finishes a Most One-Sided
Contest From Twelve to
Twenty Lengths Ahead.
The Vanquished. Oarsmen Almost
Exhausted and Their Boat
Half Full of Water.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PUTNEY, England, March 26.— With
a bitter northeast wind blowing and
rain and sleet falling the nfty-fifth an-
nual boat race between crews repre- j
senting the universities of Oxford and ;
Cambridge, was rowed to-day over the !
usual course, from Putney to Mortlake, j
four and a quarter miles, and was won |
by Oxford in 22 minutes 15 seconds, j
The dark blues were from twelve to j
twenty lengths ahead at the finish and
the Cambridge crew almost stopped off
"The Ship" at Mortlake, thoroughly ex
hausted, and with their boat half full j
of water. Oxford has now won thirty
two out of fifty-five races rowed and
has been the winner nine years in suc
cession.
Oxford won the toss, which, with the
prevailing wind, was regarded as as- j
suring them the race. The two crews
embarked at 3:40 p. m. and the boats
got away at 3:45 p. m. At the Duke's ;
Head, soon after the start, Cambridge
was leading, and the light blues were
a quarter of a length ahead of the
dark blues at Clasper's boathouse.
At the Crab Tree, about one mile and
a quarter from the start, Oxford was
leading by three lengths. At the soap
works, one mile and three quarters
from the start, Oxford was leading by
four lengths, which lead the dark blues
maintained while passing Hammer-
smith bridge.
At the Doves, a Tittle over two miles
from the start, Oxford was leading by
four lengths. By this time Cambridge
was pulling short. At Chaswick Church,
two miles and three-quarters from the
start, the race developed into a proces
sion and was regarded' as a certainty
for Oxford. When Thorncroft's works
were reached, three miles from the
start, the dark blues were leading by
five lengths. At Barnes' bridge, two and
two-thirds miles from the start, Ox
ford was forty-five seconds ahead.
Oxford won, as stated, by twelve
lengths. The Cambridge crew stopped
at the slip at Mortlake thoroughly ex
hausted and with their boat half full of
water.
The race was probably never rowed
under worse conditions. A bitter north
east wind was blowing and rain and
sleet were falling. The crowd present
was small. Oxford had the Middlesex
side of the river, having won the toss.
Both boats carried a quantity of air
bladders. Cambridge led for the first
200 yards, but never had a chance to
win.
STANFORD FRESHMEN LOSE.
Oakland High School Athletes De-
feat the Collegians.
PALO ALTO, March 2fi.— The track and
field athletes of Oakland High School de
" TT^ T^ T^ bigger and bigger as the the Hudsonian Institute,
Ht— ■ > -J H bigger by. •If it goes on telling all about Institute,
\a JLj dausgobu. If it goes on j telling all about what it has
I P "| I■ > for any length of time big accomplished for the erring^
- . X JL— / X v. X— 4 lines of care appear on the I the weak and the hopeless,
forehead and around the And from there alone is this
Is a wealth of muscle, blood mouthi Manhood is going wondrous aid to manhood to
and sinew. You can see before its time. There is; be obtained. Free circulars
auite a number of such great need for the instant and testimonials are sent
fine, hearty fellows any stopping of the trouble. The jor given to all who wish
day in the week if you will earlier the better. Doubters! them gladly. If it-is incon-
go to any foundry or iron say, "Will anything do this venient to call just write a
works, Not all men who with certainty?" The con- line or two and you will get
work at the iron trade • fident answer is YES. But all the help you need in
are strong and powerful, of |it must be admitted that | the way of medical advice,
course, and it is true that there is only one thing that ; with the circulars and
all men who look well are will with a complete assur- testimonials, "absolutely
not sure to be full of the ms?Mm^~ ]^^ free of all charge. And uou
big backbone it is neces- jß'--|P^ I^Hs!i& will aye thß i 3Or tunity
sary to have in order to be p W*<tyjk. JjiJ : ~:-* .-j- ■to become a grand man
perfect, That is one thing %^^4T^^^m. acmin swiftly.
tentionto. It is the essen- f hudyan 1
tial thing in man. When ; circulars free.' ;:
you find that you are be- * ■--•» 4
ginning to weaken in any -
way you may be sure that " ;; % ' There ls a large amount of
you are no longer all you ance of perfect success, wood taint abroad, sometimes
ought to be. If your will That is the remedio-treat- ! people have it who do not sus-
power is getting weak, if ment known as "Hudyan. 3l pect themselves, slight sweii-
uour knees are not quite This is a superior specific. in & s or lumps m the throat, veru
steady, if you are ill at Its fame is in every land m and scalu sklnj copper "
ease all the time, you are and its friends are to be sßis B ii cl irp^'inTp teet^ aM
posing uour backbone,';as found everuwhere. BfMp! g? ZVV^T^
it is often called. That is j losses in week, no matter Hudsonian "30-day blood
not auite right, but you from what cause arising.! cure" copes with this disease
will pretty soon find that It replaces all the lost |at once and clears the sustem or
you have a weak and a lame, tissue and recreates the all poison surely arid' very
back. The great evil about man. Just think > what it raDidly " it acts with e(iuai cer-
this thing-is that you get has done. It has completely taln l?^ on all forms of m
worse all the time. There cured 20,000 of the most I Tl^ Prl secoMaru
isaleakage somewhere in difficult Volume? of aSte^"
the sustem, and it grows i testimonials are stored in I Ask tor them, '
HUDSON :. MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets
«AN FRfINCISCO, CflU
4 ADVERTISEMENTS. ________L__
SsTsslTgS 82.82 82 82 82 52 S2 S2 83 S3 S3 8282 82 82 S2 88 82 82 SS 82 52 S3 83 82 82 88 S
I DRESS GOODS I
f..- DEPARTMENT. l|
:: .... = • i «
S /M ITIB rtrt's
| li TWR SUITIiSI
ss ' , P
I . — === == = |
S Commencing to-morrow we will place on sale ss
S3 great lines of new Tailor Suitings in the very [!
S latest spring colorings at the following prices: .«
£ it* A fin A yard— so pieces of 45-inch TAILOR SUIT- si
*. Jki •vU ' i INGS, in a large range of new spring a
25 M* A : — — colorings. Extra value at $1.00. £
88 : SS
™ it*A OK A YARD— 6O pieces '46-inch ENGLISH COVERT ss
ss Jkj «^V SUITINGS, In the newest shadings in •*
%V A Tans, Browns, Blues and Greens. ™
S ss
$A m A YARD— SO pieces 46-lnch ENGLISH WHIP- ss
JKj •OU CORDS, an exceptionallu good line f9f 9
#3 t^ JL — — " of stulish material in a large range eg
ss of new spring colorings. On sale at II
ss $1,50 a uard. s?
I SPECIAL! SPECIAL! a
f. We will place on sale, commencing to-morrow, 100 dozen LADIES'
23 COTTON SHIRT WAISTS, in Plaids, Checks and Stripes, elegant styles, cj
c« made of the newest materials, from 85c to $3.50 each. " -8S
S = . ss
oj -gw«wa» ■ * 5
88 a
;T; 88 88 82 gS SS g3 22 83 88 88 52 53 tZ S3 till gS ?S 82 S5 S3 S3 88g888888888888g 88 ?i 88 M
feated the freshman class team on the
campus to-day, making TO points against
their adversaries' 47 in thirteen events.
The High School boys carried off ten tirst
places and allowed another to go by de
fault. In both the 440-yard dash and the
shut-put the visiting team won all the
points. The most noticeable thing about
the contest was the superiorform of the
"preps" and the awkward way in which
the collegians went at their work. The
summary follows:
100-yard dash— Foster, O. H. S., first; Stew
ard, Stanford, second; Cafttwell, S., third.
Time, :11.
880-yard run— Harris, O. 11. S.. first; Strout,
S. •econd; Erb. * third. Time, 2:21.
120-yard hurdlt — Btrout, P., first: McCargar,
O. H. S., second; Summer, O. H. S., third.
Time. :13 S-S.
Mile walk— l-oupley, S., first: Wells, O. H. S.,
second; "Wright. S., third. Time. 8:21 3-5.
Hammer throw. 12 pounds — Wood rum, O. H.
S.. first: Wardall, S., second; Hill, S., third.
128 feet 4 inches.
H'.zh jump— Foster, O. H. S., first; Bennett,
8., s-cond; Cooley, O. H. S., third. 5 feet 4
inches.
2C"-yard dash— Cadogan; O. H. S.. first; Cant
y.ell, S. , second; Steward, S.. third. Time,
:L'l f-B.
Mile run— Weber, O. H. S.. first: Alcott, S.,
; Morris. S.. fhird. Time. 5:^3 4-5.
440-yard run— Cadogan, O. H. S., first; Weber,
O. H. S., second; Davidson, O. H. S., third.
Time. SA 3-5.
Sh<it-i>ut— Woodrum, O. H. S.. first; Nichol
son, O. H. S.. second; Harris, O. H. S., third.
42 feet 5 inches.
Pole vault— Woodrnm, O. 11. S., first; Nichol
son, O. H. S., and Foster, S., tie. 9 feet 6
inches.
220-yard hurdle— Morrell, O. H. 8., first; Har
ris, O. H. S., second; Symonds, S., third.
Time, :29 2-5.
Broad jump— To Stanford by default.
Crescent City Races.
NEW ORLEANS, March 26.— "Weather
cloudy; track fast.
Seven furlongs, selling, Carrie Lvlewon,
Corel)! second. Onlncor third. Time, 1:29.
Four furlongs, Frank B won, Mmiseltoff
second, Romany Rawny third. Time, :50.
One and a sixteenth miles, soiling:.
Blacking: Brush won, Pete Kitchen sec
ond. Royal Choice third. Time. 1:49.
Six furlongs, handicap. Fervor won, Pat
Morrissey second, Brighton third. Time,
1:16.
One and a quarter miles, selling, Bag
pipe won, Billy McKenzie second, Mellie
thind. Time. 2:10.
One and a ststeenth miles, Bcfflng,.Jim
Hogg won, Fred Barr second, His
Brother third. Time, 1:49%.ELECTED
MARSHAL
OF DUBLIN
John Howard Parnell !
Honored by the Cor
. poration.
Brother of the Great
Charles Stewart the
Unanimous Choice.
Holding of a Public Ballot
Causes All Opposition to
Quickly Vanish.
REMAINS IN THE COMMONS
J. J. Clancy, M. P., W rites Mos
Entertainingly on Topics of Inter
est to Every Irishman.
BY J. J. CLANCY,
DUBLIN. March 12.— The Dublin Cor
poration on Monday last responded to:
• .. Ltion by electing John
Parnell to the post of City
Marshal. It did more, in fact, for it
I him unanimously. This result
v:a? undoubtedly due to the influence
opinion. It is probable that
a majority of the members of the
corporation would have voted in any
case for the brother of Charles Stewart
Parnell. But one or two of the other
candidates had been pretty strongly
supported, and their friends among the
City Fathers would have certainly ;
voted for them but for the manifesta- i
tion of feeling that had taken place in
favor of Mr. Parnell. The question
whether the election was to be unani
mous or not was virtually decided on
a preliminary motion to the effect that j
the election should be by open voting.
When that proposition was carried by \
an overwhelming majority the final re
sult was clearly in sight, and when that
result was at last reached it may be
said that there was a general sense of
relief. It was intolerable to most per
sons that a brother of the great Irish
leader should find himself in need of
appealing to the members of any pub
lic body for the means of livelihood,
and it was felt almost universally that
it would have been a disgrace if he had
appealed to them in such a matter in
vain. The consequence was that when
he was elected, and elected unani
mously into the bargain, there was uni
versal rejoicing, particularly in Dublin
and Cork, which, from the start, have
been thoroughly Parnellite. John Par
nell being one of the members of Par
liament for Meath, the question now
remains whether he will resign his seat
- in- th* House of Commons. This matter
has not yet been determined. There
is no absolute necessity for his doing
so, and the people of Meath appear to
desire that he should continue their
representative. This being so, it is
probable that he will continue to sit
for Meath, at least for some time
longer. Although he is not a promi
nent figure in Parliament he is a steady
voter and steadfast Parnellite, and his
colleagues of the Independent party
would, therefore, on more grounds than
one, regret his departure from their
midst.
I may add that, personally, he is a
favorite with members of all nation
alities at Westminster. He is one of
a small number of members who play
chess with conspicuous skill, and his
feats in that line are often witnessed
with interest in the smoking-room of
the House of Commons.
Mr. Patrick O'Brien's action, which
I mentioned in my last letter as about
to come in on Wednesday in one of
the chancery courts here, was duly
tried on that day and, as I anticipated,
was decided in his favor. As it turned
out, the law was entirely in his favor,
and. although an appeal is talked of, I
do not believe an appeal will be taken.
The case was fought on legal lines
only, and not much of interest to the
general public was brought out be
ycnd what I have already mentioned.
It was noted, however, that the main
ground of defense, namely, that in
sticking to Parnell in the crisis of 1890
he had broken his pledge to "sit, act
and vote" with the Irish party was not
pressed at all. The pledge referred to
was mentioned, but no attempt was
made to prove that he had violated it.
This is a rather significant circum
stance, considering that for a long
time the chief charge against the Par
nellites was that they were "pledge
breakers." The fact is, that the charge
could not be proved.
The opposition to the local govern
ment bill is, as I expected, increasing.
It is arising on two sides— the side of
the English Liberals and the side of the
Irish Unionists. The opposition of
English Liberals is dictated by merely
party motives! They are in opposition,
and they want to defeat the Govern
ment, and they think that this is a good
opportunity for attack. They have, of
course, a plausible excuse. The Gov
ernment proposals involve the grant of
a considerable sum of money to the
Irish landlords, and they object to any
money being given to that 5 class as
such. This excuse, however, is a friv
olous and futile one. The money which
is to be given to the Irish landlords is
part of a sum admitted to be due to Ire
land, and if the Irish people themselves
have no objection that some of it
should be given to the landlords, no set
of Englishmen ought to have any. The
Irish Unionists object for a different
reason— for the same reason as that for
which they objected to home rule
namely, that the new bill would give
the masses of their own countrymen
control of their own local affairs. The
mere mention of this position in this
matter is enough to condemn it in the
eyes of all sensible people. The fact is.
the minority in Ireland having for
three hundred years a monopoly of (
power in Ireland, want to retain that ;
monopoly. Of course, they cannot retain |
It. They must, henceforward share
power with the rest of their fellow-coun
trymen, and from all I can hear this
Is the determination of the present
Government. Meanwhile, they are up
In arms against their own ideal govern
ment, and are vowing vengeance
against them all over those parts of the
North of Ireland in which they are In
a majority. It is a funny, and, at tne
same time, an instructive, spectacle. .
The first of the celebrations of tne
anniversary of the insurrection of 98
In to take place to-morrow In the spot
known as the Nine Acres, Phoenix
Park. It is certain to be a big demon-
Btration. It is organized by the ,,;
Centenary Committee which sits in tne
City Hall and haa been engaged for
si:: or seven months in preparing ■ tor
this year's demonstrations. Represen
tative Nationalists are to be present j
THE EMPORIUM. . | THE EMPORIUM. L__ TH £. EMTOglgM^^^J^^^THEJEmgr^^ JTBg^J^OJLTjm. .■ I THE EMPOBITTM. .
Delorme's marvelous sunlight picture, "Interieur de Ferme" (Farmhouse Interior), a companion piece to "The Black-
smith," which created such a sensation when exhibited here in January, will be on view after
2:30 P. M. Monday. It will be shown in Art Room on second floor, free of charge.
Facfoi* During the past h «i msk j • I LoStGl stock will enthuse
EaSter week several large _-. ' H-. tfT^ -$- f\ |t^ IJ tf+ £\ HSBHB -^ i^ ynu — Tiny ruffle
-. . i# shipments of the . . i (Tl I r"l ■■ 1 liO I O L l O I 1 Par3SO S. • effects— c ift
YPllinaS . latest European LU^i/V/l ■ ■ Vx|^^«B ■ ■ ■ i uiuoviai trimmed in white
" * novelties in Veiling , ■ .;;. '■■/- .', . . and dainty tints as well as rich, heavy
have been opened— comprising all of romnlptpfl A matchleSS and Unparalleled Showing of everything new in Style and fabric ;:- : shades in plaid combinations— Here
the latest meshes and colorings— v^uinyicicu. r\ ".ami r & ■> o  . . , are three pretty white Parasols at the
many imported especially for Easter. for sprin^ and summer made intensely interesting by hundreds oT special inducements special price:
mmation a h n7Br?daT vSis ines of Con " for the coming week. Our prices were never so attractive, not on a few leaders only, but «-«' white *£JSL!R
■<&&&- ii E i? a a'tter P n on everything. Easter shopping should be done at once, as dressmakers and milliners i&=^ !-oni7"m"s Pa /nd
JlillH?! cannot possibly fill orders a week later. Yard-Monday Easter Dress s ' " sl -
■^^f "H£°: Easter Laces. Kaiki Silk-20c Yard-Monday I Easter Dress J^Z |j^> sgglS
W f ?E*. _ WTn^SS: ■ • Special for the one day only, if the Trimmings. »•_« ' UUi A . S^ifi^ o,!}0 ,!}
fancy meshes £^,££ /<^ men t willfully Jem- 2000 yards in the lot lasts till ClOSing day a great showing of all the latest , V^ dainty
mzgffi&Zt an chenille s. 5 ' 1 /remonstrate our lace £A timp blouses, braid effects and beaded trim- handles.. M>> —
( P^ "»—^ spots— more supremacy — you FH^ llMlc - „.,.'. , • mings. We call your particular at- Ladies' White India Silk Parasols
•^^^ fhan 100 styles C 3^OS^ cannot fail to find Vr«/V ■ Pretty Kaikl Silks 'in a Charming as- tention to the new White Pearl trimmed with one deep ruffli of fancy
to select trom— per yard CQ r Ct^MM^jM that which you re- /&SZA «;nrtmpnt nf rhnirp rolorincrs DOSitivelV Gimp Trimming, of which we have a white silk net, durable frames, fl^.OO
JUI S^^^?uil# quire in the large jg^A SOriment OT CnOlCe CUIUI lll^b pubuivciy complete and captivating assortment- pretty white enamel handles.. vl>^
rrces of new stvie Tuxedo and SSr^lls assortment of ex- none SOld tO the trade — the incredibly prices ranging from 2 octos2 per yard. = .' ;V -^
F.ncv Mesh Veiling- 18 inches wide- /^ 1 m quisite styles now kf i k*%A IOW Sale price, per yard .20c . . - DaintY D re A ttv n Diece er S o°f
white with chenille spots-the most prevail-the shown-pop- TOW And here are some of the silks that you will i/qillLy pretty pieces^
vv X e te have V yeloffe?e c;^ at per yard 25C terns in these laces-widths up t 0 P 10 XAA^jneed for Easter-an assortment of White Silks |^_| AJA J OAO A U C FumitUre. lously low prices
we nave yet rea, v incheSi /L f'*?. unmatchable in this city : JeWeleCl tJeitS. this week. When
VpllinnSnprial MondaY ~-«*«fc J****,*** J^V ff-'! A inch Wh dd e /^ Cream FigUred India Silks - 24 75C Our beautiful assortment of Jew- SS^^fbJSfte Swood'en
Veiling Special Monday cZZt^T .. h^ lEW^w^a«Q^^^g^ SaSftffl^TVW S^HriITMT«
And until SOld-^O dOZen 4Z*lu«*. t rZ k^H, ' White and Cream BengYlin^W' yard7/.::: $1^ to J|.sO **""
Applique Wash Veils be- French and Ilalhn encunries . ■"whVte'and'cream^ C|-o°tft^2- 50 i^^^^^Z^^f^ S=-=^ c^=^-S
lect assortment of patterns . ™ ;......... s)l— to 3>^— TOpf^Wgp*^ if^fß^f:
in rrA^m dnH u/hitP *~% /> * ' White and Cream Brocaded Satins and Gros Grain 7C r f(\ 4CK.00 i-^t & i>-«/«^^»*.wy^ Ir^ ~~XJLJ' A \ •-.
e n ar. m .!" d w . hi :?: 20c :::S|sSi^?iS^>^ cosr«; h jr«,-^ OwfT^
I . Men'S EaSter Goods. Expe7ienced'shoppeys'concedeThat we "are showing the most |g|g||||s|; JK£r^ ''"^KJLf
= v B ♦ beautiful and elegant collection of Spring Silks that they have 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 to $5.00. 1 % ictSK^
#■*% NeJkSes rr a S Sayd y- ever seen. It's a wonderful gathering of the newest checks ______ li>-^J^' g^T^jH .
w <f^*sf superb silks in plaids, stripes and fancies, and the range of prices is such that a_^= ' —^^"ft-*
"StUttqarter" the sole \*/ C^lT° l t S Zt yy ° U Can Pay 3S Httle ° r 3S mUCh aS yy ° U Ple ' aSe< r. efDr The new Glove We have just received a large ship-
« •_ ■ agents in N^-4 a " er madl in a - IZ=ZZ==Z== LaSter stock will undoubted- ment of the latest styles in enamel
SailltarV San Francisco for the nJSStar m m — -^ -» - • />l ly prove to be of in- bedsteads-the one in the £0.95
Woolen "'wSfu^ ,f»^'r ?145c? l45c Easter Dress Fabrics. Gloves. «™ t*^,*^. «3_
TTUUICII wear. Positively the °» , gug^p ; / Gentlemen s quisite— the quality never better, and -. •\4SSSjvT>^W ■ •
llnrlor best made. They X __|^_|6 / Gloves for dress , or Dressmakers are already working over time. You cannot giving our orders direct to the French . A "» — G^^O^j^)^ o )\
UllUei surpass in texture, i 'WWS&W hZ mTk^'Vnd delay buying the materials for your Easter costume much manufacturers insures the lowest (j ___«-— --p- y
Garments. S 2£ M piS^ l|^P^^pi^B IiLSSF— % jI^HiF
the factory in Stuttgart, Germany, <%■ n » 2 -°°- American fabrics that is equaled by but few stores in all Children's Six-button Length White < rS . S3)
and retail at the minimum prices. • ' . _..•_* _ ,H.™? S . Shirts, America. The exhibit is well worth spending a day to see, and Jersey Silk Gloves— per pair... A£\ r ja -^- ■^^^7^^-^ ffl
llndies' "STUTTGAR-A Pj**' \l pril - es 45-inch All-Wool Cachemire Vigoreaux, in ten beautiful yc^ Yard with white or black or white and black )|---— - ■_ \\
TER" Sanitary Woolenl] /YS, 1 color combinations, at .*. * " stitching on backs, an excellent qual- ** 5^ —^hUi.
Vests* and Pants— tht 1/l (VS /> II C "I 46-inch All-Wool Sharkskin Suiting— made of hard twisted yarn, posi- ity, guaranteed perfect fit and ei.oo These Charming Divans— are full
new stock in spring \sj\ fl V\\ LOllar opeCial. tively dust repellent— an excellent wearing cloth, in the new Cl.oo YrirH durable, per pair M* 1 — sized, have mahoganized frames, are
weiehts— sizes 28 to 42 V' b | />* blues, greens, beiges, violet, purple and nickel, at •* 71 — lO|U upholstered in silk tapestry, fine
—per garment $1.50 // ( ' We are going to sell Kaiser 8-inch All-Wool English Diagonal— a fabric in the latest fc1.25 \~rii ==Z brocatelles, etc.— marked at the very
' fr* llfjf \ Collars 2 for 25c— the new tariff colorings, especially adapted to street wear, at **— lard . ■ special price for this week gg.95
k^sJ i| // has made it unprofitable to 48-inch Ali-Wool Coaching Covert Cloth— new spring £|.5O Yard Qrimck SliOP Sn^nQ "
%i \ I import German collars into effects, water and dust repellent at.. FTF T OOme OIIOC Olia|l^. r - Piinc^inrl
J-X^ \ r America W-e have on hand Immense Assortment of Wool Confirmation Fabrics. 6so pairs of La . y^ LarpeiS, l\Uljb 0110
A\f\ I some 250 dozen ■'Kaiser- Ger- = SSsI^bSS U ■ MattinO.
//\ \ \ / man Collars — as we shall be un- _^ -. -. -. m«/ d /> _l Shoes— kid or cloth e=^ O&Ma tv • , .^? • 1 o 1
■MVJy Ji/ able to procure sizes to keep the- 898 Novelty Wash Goods. i^jasaniSawr 1
\\_ rr _ T 4 / line complete we shall clear . "^^^ / ■ . ai ,. fii| :: p _ round toes-all sizes \ W> CSs \>« 'Tapestry Brussels, in special weaves
\j \ o V them out now as an Easter spe- A genuine treat to examine and handle the beautiful sheer and widths-not a [«*%^ and new dyes, an exceptionally good
[hi \ I Men's Normal "STUTT- cial-instead of 25c, their oR. - fabrics for the summer girls' dresses. We ye made close com- V™™* ,, e ™= d §£ W<^>» quality, regularly 75c, this 54
'I \ /.GARTER" Woolen Un * regular price— 2 for parison and are convinced that no other stock will equal ours J" w r W^ade a 13r^—^ weeK..... Matt^g
l \\\ /^i-wear- fegUa ' in point of value and assortment. splendi d bargain in buying this lot, no f™££ 2,^ S^but^
XV \ / ; cmPTQ ==— Z= The dainty PumetisSoir, Grenadine Brodee and Tissues Brodee 1 c and will offer them as long <r>i Act serviceable floor covering, none sold
)< . " MIIKIS. -— — —~ opened up last week are only ••••;•; lvJl - as they last at, per pair . yif ' m^, less than a roll of 40 yards (Monday,
) Sizes- * The latest spring colorings in 33-inch Sergine Suiting at IC r The same shoe as above in Misses Tuesday and Wednesday 4, m5O
I i 34-12.30 T 4. U • - uT IJI* spring heels-square toes-sizes qq only), worth $7.50, tor 3>s_
\ 36-52.40 taSter HOSiery. 30-lnch Victoria Zephyrs infancy plaids, stripes and checks, *{- 10 to 2-per pair :--™r Fine Wilton Rugs-for which we
IV 38-52.50 mo»i. v. 7 . i t |3L The same shoe as above in Child s . are sole agents in San Francisco-size
(V-^ 40-52.65 Children's new French Cotton Hose All good grades of Victoria Lawns, India Linen. Checked and Striped 6P6 P r r '"^ hee t !^fr 3r c toes ~ slzes 89C 9 feet 4 inches by 12 feet, new Oriental
v/ 42—52.80 in the latest Scotch novelty patterns, Dimities Fancy Etamines, Checked, Striped and Plain Nainsooks, Long oto o^Fer pair designs and colorings, never seen here
sizes 510 S\i— cannot be duplicated un- Cloths Piques, "Organdies, Checked Mulls, White Swisses and Tarlatans. - before, to introduce them d^/yoo
Sizes _ DRAWERS - SXe^gii^S 50c White Goods Special for 3 Days. ; special at " — »^-
3 o' ZeS 32 34 36 38 ' Ladies' Imported Lisle Hose-the ■ A very fine quality of 31-inch White Victoria Lawn, suit- nOffi (r^s^ '' IflCandeSCeflt
—— — — new stock of the coming season— a ble for confirmation dresses. On Monday, Tuesday and t<j 1 U^:^^:^.^ n\2^^&^ <«==*,
$2.30 52.40 52.50 $2.65 $2.50 bjack and dark russet shades, 50C Wednesday only per yard .....I^2C Hairpin^ ,tf?>§Z^^ GaS . v\W R ty/
Ladies' Sea Island Cotton Vests- sizes Bto 10-per pair OVC weanebuay yv^ Thre-inch Horn \L^^Ss^ y ucy . . \V\ I ' j '////.
long or short sleeves-low neck and Hairpins-in black LdfTIDS $$&***&&
sleeveless— low neck and one-quarter Z== ' • i *r> 4 IV" • A ST *-d- shell and amber— assorted patterns— „ "
sleeves-colors white and ecru-sizes Sffctf^ri'^ll SrllP IlriOCl iTliflL* a large stock on special sale m _ T^r '
4, 5, 6 and 7— seams all covered with OIJC/^IOI JOIv Lrl I^-HJ ■ ■ «*■*•• while they last per dozen I"C / sj\,* M.
Ei#|^^2sc- Easter Ornaments. Pr T« £"&."«^N?. R^ =--—•-- £HS«P
Dainty Bisque specials in the Grocery Department will be found chronicled on : . # Emporium Gas'V^^V^ .
f Easter ' Gifts, in cards in grocery show window. Telephone South 59. ■ lllG LfllC 111 ' Lamps, complete «•_
£si 2- 2 - box -"^ t !'== 60c The Rotunda
fesSS" S£!s3E^^^ $2.75 The Kotunaa - g da r e a9 ce ™ B^r;
••■ 5 c ing lunch place in V-^ (B S° SS'hLSSo^S
\ /V G °° d PrUneS - 6 ° t0 70-r=gularly6clb-winbe...._^^^^^^^^^ —3 4C4 C r,,^^ p laa m- V^K7 f i t he best that can be n,ad e
„ flra , rmlMl » s _ W Choic7Prunes- s oto--6^re g uiarlyVibs"for, s c-wil. be Ib fa P-ied by escorts- |. .SL&JP^&L 'a
ciSs cSiuffi KB Extra7anV>7une S - 2 oyp^^^ j^SfflSt M^ \ SrflSraiS^
?hese two fines ?o rod Flower Vases and " „ prunes we have ever seen-regularly 20c lt-w.11 be...-- s.ne the , most mod |T/f t W , game Jow prjce
-V --I-. ■-.'■ last during Mon- Rose Bowls, in assort- ') Evaporated Blackbemes-regularly .4: lb-w.ll be |QCQ C f . I! \ 4 of • ••".- f C
C- .3 d^ q^ti^n: 7£tisz*+ m lE^El^M^i^^iiiiiilc sarfeftS-; puddings, Pies c!&e^!^i^i^
:;:; :^_J P^pe^S V^|inches-high^ S^SdK^SS
at!. 1 . 0 !.. 1 .! 25c --g 1 -2^. Vase s ac 4Vnches"high° c These are not fictitious prices, but real facts— your late - ■> „,_.,.„_ ■ B^p^s^/thegoodkind.^candsoc
V-mi3rr Steel Fn- Kfc-^ -^=^1 —each 65c WwSOMi £ jj\p - / 4 Open dailv—B to 6P. CM. A large assortment or Portable
amel Milk Pans- |>^I^^ Vases 10 inches high fgWi mOM? refunded if you are IWt Satisfied. £ (n Salurday$ _ 8 Am M. to 10:30 stands and Attachments just received,
special while 7 Vi^H^^Ji^/ —each f2.25 WVW Grocery Department-Second floor . />. M price ..- $1.00 and upward
the lot lasts at 7C 90c Rose Howls for.. 5 o: X^^^ jessie-street side.
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
from all the four provinces, and all the
Nationalist bands in the city are to
contribute each its quota of Nationalist
music The Nine Acres is a wide
space in the neighborhood of the vice
regal lodge and is a favorite meeting
place Twenty or thirty years ago
such a meeting would not have been al
lowed to assemble in such a place But
we are advancing even in Ireland, and
now there is no objection to it on the
£art of Dublin Castle. Nevertheless,
what will be said there will not be
pleasant for Dublin Castle to hear I
will be made plain for one thing that
Delano is not reconciled to British rule
and that it will not be reconciled to it
even by the concession of such a sys
tem of "local government as is proposed
hv the new bill. -What Ireland wants
is to be independent, at least in regard
to Irish affairs, and consequently no
measure of merely local self-govern
ment will suffice to meet their ideas I
do not mean that this question will be
riirectlv dealt with by the speakers at
Jo-morrow's meeting. They will not
concern themselves with passing
events. But the great drift of their
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
I speeches will undoubtedly show that
those who reverence the memory of the
men of '98 are hostile to British rule in
| every form and to any degree.
In connection with this '9S demon
stration it may be mentioned that John
O'Leary will be the chief figure. He
has been from the commencement
chairman oX the organizing committee.
I and it is only natural that he should
I occupy such a position. It is hardly
j necessary to explain to at least Irish
readers of American newspapers who is
John O'l^eary. He is now an old man.
but in his youth he was one of the lead
ers of the Fenian movement. When a
young man he became editor of the
! Irish People, tho Fenian organ. He was
I editor when the paper and the office
lln which it was printed were seized.
I and he himself was soon afterward in
dicted, tried for and convicted of
! treason-felony and sentenced to twenty
I years' penal servitude. He "put up"
! several years of that punishment, but
of course he came out of prison what
he was when he entered it— a deter
mined Irish Nationalist. And so he has
continued. But he Is no longer the
enfant terrible of the English or West
British imagination which he used to
be. He was a man of culture and en
lightenment; he was well read in books
and had himself written things which
literary men had pronounced wnrth
reading, and the consequence was that
in London as well as in Dublin his real
character became appreciated to such
an extent that at present among those
who most warmly esteem him are per
sons who differ from him both in poli
tics and religion as widely as the poles.
Boss Valley Lad Injured.
ROSS VALLEY, March 26.— Nicholas
"Whittemore, 10-year-old son of William
"Whtttemore, a well-known citizen of this
place, played with a dynamite cap he
found in a shanty. The dangerous play
thing exploded and injured the lad se
verely, burning his hand and tearing the
flesh.
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. March 26.— James Bias
died here last night after a lingering ill
nesss. He was 86 years of age and had a
very eventful career.
WILL BE GUESTS
OF SANTA CRUZ
Christian Temperance Women
to Hold a Four Days'
Convention.
Delegates From Three Counties to Be
Entertained in the City
by the Sea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, March 26.— The ladies of
the local Woman's Christian Temperance
Union are making elaborate preparations
for the reception and entertainment of
delegatec to the twelfth annual conven
tion of the tri-county union. It will be
held on April 6 to 9 inclusive, in the Con
gregational Church, and a large number
of delegates will be present from the
counties of Santa Cruz, San Benito and
Monterey.
On Wednesday morning' there will be
registration of delegates and an executive
committee meeting. In the afternoon and
evening and during Thursday and Friday
a varied programme will be rendered. On
Saturday afternoon there will be a grand
children's rally. There will be a grand
march, exercises by the kindergarten
children, and a talk by Mrs. Nellie Bles
sing Eyster.
MOURNING IN VISALIA.
Death of John A. Patterson, One of
Tulare County's Founders.
VISALIA. March 26.— There has just
passed away near this city one of the old
est pioneers of Tulare County— John A.
Patterson. His last breath was drawn
with his family gathered about his bed
side.
Mr. Patterson was the last resident of
this place who assisted in the organiza
tion of Tulare County in July. 1852. He
had come to California in 1849 and ha<l
spent some time in the mines. Then he
moved south and entered the cattlo busi
ness. He was sent to the Legislature for
one term and afterward tilled several
county offices. He was 74 years old ami
left a widow and nine sons and daugh
ters. Dr. Patterson, a prominent physi
cian of this city, being his oldest son.
Death of Dr. McMahan.
SANTA CRUZ, March 26.-Dr. Morgan
Strange McMahan died at 3 o'clock this
morning. He was born in Indiana and
was 72 years of a^e. He arrived in Cali
fornia in 1849. Dr. McMahan tirst settled
in Suisun. where he ran on the Demo
cratic ticket for Assemblyman, and in
Santa Cruz in 1592 he again ran for mem
ber of the Assembly. He had been a Ma
son for forty years, and will be buried un-.
der the auspices of that order on Monuay
morning.
Sudden Death at Petaluma.
: " PETALUMA, March ' 26.— Lysander I C.
Woodworth; better known throughout, the
State as "Sandy" Wood worth, while con
versing with his' wife here this morning
dropped ~ dead. Few men were ' better
known on the coast. . "Woodworth ; camo
to this county in 1849. He drove the first
stage from this city to Ukiah. and he
figured in several hold-ups, . being shot In
the head In' one- . •
56
SUNDAY MARCH 27, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carr\ers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall,V-50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
0:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
!94l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1305 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS,
Baldwin— Marteau-Lachume Concert.
Columbia— "14y2 "
Alcazar— "Uncle Dudley."
Morosco'B— "The Upper Hand."
Tivoll—" The Widow O'Brien."
Orpheuin— Vaudeville.
California Theater— by F. Marlon Crawford, Monday
Bljrht.
The Chutes— The Zoo, Vaudeville and Lion Hunt.
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy Specialties.
Kecreatlon Park— Baseball.
Central Park— Baseball .
Coursing— lngleslde Coursing Park, this morningr.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park, this afternoon.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Ingieside Track— Races to-morrow
AUCTION SALES.
By M. German— Tuesday. March 29, Hardware, at 1011 Broad-
way, ' Oakland, at 11 o clock.
By G. H. Umb6en— Monday, April 4. Real Estate, at 14 Mont-
gomery street, at 12 o'clock.
OFFICIAL PRIVILEGE ABUSED.
rROM Atlanta there comes by wire an interest
ing story. It relates that the son of the Mayor
terminated a trilling dispute by killing the op
posing debater. Of course a Mayor has privileges,
and these may in a measure be shared by one so close
akin as a son. Yet a question naturally arises as to
whether a point is not being unduly stretched in this
instance. There are places in which the Mayor him
self, attempting to homicidally reduce his constitu
ency, would be subject to disapproval and even to
rebuke. In Atlanta a different rule seems to prevail.
A second paragraph in the story says that later
this same impulsive young man approached a negro,
asked him for a match, and, meeting with refusal,
killed the negro. No explanation is given of why the
request was not complied with. If the colored citizen
was so careless as not to have a match of course he
deserved a lesson, yet the consensus of opinion will
indubitably be that death was too severe a penalty.
It will be thought by some that the son of the
Mayor, having slain one. ought to have been satis
fied for the day at least without making it two. To
others will occur the notion that the plan of disarm
ing a murderer, locking him up and even in extreme
cases suspending him from a limb has a pleasing de
terrent effect. Unfortunately the dispatch failed to state
how the later shooting affected the nerves of the
community, or if the fatal son picked off a few more
before twilight. However, Atlanta is a long way
from here. They have their own way of doing busi
ness down there and perhaps it is none of our con
cern.
MR. REA'S DEMURRER.
ACCORDING to a telegram from San Jose the
attorneys for James W. Rea in the slander
suit brought against him by ex-Councilman
J. P. Jarman have filed a demurrer in which they ask
to have the complaint dismissed on the ground that
it does not state a case of slander. In this demurrer
Mr. Rea virtually takes the ground that when he al
leged that Jarman accepted $400 for his vote as
Councilman he did not slander him. Or, to put it in
another way, he does not regard it as wrong for a
San Jose Councilman to accept bribes.
It is a curious commentary on the effect of politics
on morals to consider that in invoking this view of
the law to save himself from the penalty of his criti
cisms of Jarman Mr. Rea has eagerly adopted the
high ground that it is no slander to charge a Coun
cilman with accepting $400 for his vote. The posi
tion taken by the Garden City politician gives us a
clear insight into the cause of his political troubles.
Mr. Rea is evidently rapidly reaching a stage in his
existence when he can no longer discern the differ
ence between right and wrong.
It is assumed, of course, that Mr. Rea's lawyers
would never have filed this demurrer without his con
sent. If they have adopted this defense in opposi
tion to his wishes two courses only are open to him.
He must either get another quartet of lawyers and re
pudiate the work of his present quartet, or confess
that he slandered Jarman and pay the damages.
If he sticks to his demurrer it is quite evident that
his moral faculties have gone into eclipse. A man
who does not think it wrong for a Councilman to
accept $400 for his vote is certainly in a bad way. It
is but a step from bribery of the character charged by
Rea to burglary, pocket-picking and highway rob
bery. Does Mr. Rea think it wrong to stop stages?
Would he consider it reprehensible to pick Mr. Jar
man's pocket? What does he think on the subject of
midnight burglary? Has association with politicians
at San Jose so blunted his perceptions that he con
siders it less culpable to accept a bribe of $400 than
to accept one for $4000? Would he regard it as
"wrong" to sell to both sides of a steam roller con
troversy and vote for neither? What are his views
with respect to boodiers who will not stay bought?
All this is important in view of the moral standard
disclosed by Mr. Rea's demurrer.
The stories that $40,000,000 will be brought out of
Dawson this spring make pleasant reading. But in
a region where cordwood sells at $60 and lots of
it is needed this sum is less imposing than it looks
to people in civilization. Besides, these millions are
largely theoretical, and it must be remembered that
some of the ablest liars — except those in the vicinity
of Key West — are now on duty in the Klondike.
Friday two boy burglars were sentenced to the
penitentiary and a girl burglar arrested. The old
controversy as to the relative superiority of the
sexes does not seem to be being cleared up very fast.
It is stated that Armour and Leiter are at peace,
but so were the lion and the lamb at one stage of
the jrame.
THE SEMI-CENTENNIAL.
\A AYOR PHELAN, in behalf of San Francisco,
/ \ has taken the first step to concrete the propo
* * sition that California celebrate imposingly
her semi-centennial. The committee appointed by
the Mayor is strong and able, and when it has con
sulted and is ready to propose in outline the plan
on which the exposition shall be laid, the State will
appear with a liberal and unanimous backing. In the
event to follow California will appear as the hostess
of her sister States and of nations as well which con
tribute to our commerce and are seeking and offering
markets. It will be our duty to especially solicit the
presence of Australia, Japan, China, the Straits Set
tlements, Korea, Cochin China, Siam, India and the
growing governments of Africa. We will do this
just as on a like occasion on our Atlantic coast the
managers would seek to attract Europe.
We will also offer an opportunity to increase our
acquaintance and strengthen our trade with the na
tions of Central and South America. In the
kaleidoscopic variety which all this will bring to an
exposition we can offer attractions to sightseers and
benefits to trade that will be matchless. The good to
our own people cannot be estimated. The sense of
having done great things by community of effort is
a far-reaching benefit to any commonwealth. A few
individuals and a few combinations may be pointed
to now as having wrought mightily in the materiali
ties of California. What is needed is the feeling that
something of growing significance has been accom
plished in which everybody had a part. It will re
sult in stronger common ties, in a better community
spirit and a more general prosperity and a higher
degree of civic pride.
Let it be remembered that should we let this an
niversary opportunity pass unnoted no other will
occur that so appeals to public spirit until generations
have gone. Many are yet with us who recall the
thrill of proud anticipation and the heart surges of
hope that were theirs when the news came that Cali
fornia was a State, a member of the Union. Men are
yet with tis who bore arms in the Mexican War
which preceded and secured our title to this land, and
their memory of Molino del Rey. Resaca de la
Palma and the storming of Chapultepec will radiate
in lustrous celebration of all that their arms ac
complished.
California has gilded the highways of the con
tinent with the glitter from her mines. She has
poured from her cornucopia bread and fruit and
wine and oil. the refreshment of far peoples, and has
fostered by her majestic natural scenery the world's
enthusiasm for all that is grand and beautiful in
mountain, forest, valley and plain.
Her light must not be hid under a bushel, and in
1900 she will set it upon a hill to be seen of the
world.
It is not too early to consider the site ample
enough to make a wide setting for the coming ex
position. It should be soon decided upon and se
cured. The Legislature should liberally supply such
means as are needed to do generously the State's
share of the work, and individual generosity should
early feel the impulse toward its needful part. Pre
parations should begin in time in order that the
housing of the great affair may be built and gar
nished and made ready. .
THE CATTLE QUARANTINE.
BY reason of the injury done the grazing lands
of the State by the dry winter a determined
i effort is being made to induce the Government
to relax the quarantine regulations which prevent the
shipping of cattle from California to other localities.
These efforts are in some respects the outcome of ne
cessity, for in many districts the cattle will perish un
less arrangements are made for removing them to
better pasturage. Thus the movers in the project
are animated by the keenest self-interest and can be
relied upon to work with zeal and energy to accom
plish the alteration of the quarantine laws.
If the efforts are crowned with a sufficient degree
of success to bring about a permanent reform in the
quarantine we shall have derived from the drought
a considerable benefit so far as the cattle industry'
is concerned. The regulations restricting the ship
ping of cattle from this State have long been a burden
upon those engaged in the industry and have se
riously interfered with the profits of the business and
its extension and increase in the districts that are
suitable to it.
No one can object to just regulations for the pro
tection of any of the great industries of the country.
Californians certainly have no objections to make
on that score. We impose stringent restrictions upon
fruit trees imported into the State, and we recog
nize not only the right but the duty of other States
and of the National Government to provide similar
laws for- the protection of industrial interests gener
ally.
A support of just regulations, however, does not
imply a willingness to submit to unjust ones, and the
cattle quarantine is clearly unjust. It draws an in
dictment not against cattle which an inspection has
proven to be afflicted with disease, but against all the
cattle in a wide area of country. There may be dis
eased cattle in California, but there certainly are
thousands not diseased, and it is an unfair law which
treats the good as if they were bad and makes no
distinction between them.
The cattle quarantine regulations were adopted at
a time when there was something like a panic in the
country on the subject. The wildest stories of dis
eased cattle were in circulation, and a good many
people stopped eating beef for fear of instant death
lurking in every steak. A reconsideration of the law
would be timely, and it is to be hoped it will be ob
tained. Fortunately the outlook is promising. It
is reported that Secretary Wilson has been impressed
with the needs of the situation in California and is
willing the quarantine line shall be drawn so far
south as to permit the removal of cattle from this
State to Nevada, provided the Nevada authorities
are willing. Perhaps if the fight is kept up the whole
subject may be reopened and the law revised and
made just in its terms. The issue is certainly of suffi
cient importance to make it worth while pushing the
contest with vigor.
A young man who only two years ago became
heir to a princely fortune is now walking the streets
of this city penniless. Perhaps he is not to blame.
There is an old adage which makes clear that he
p.nd his money were bound to be parted without
delay.
The son of a Chicago millionaire Tias had a row
with his father and gone to work as a reporter at $12
a week. Now the lad can be a millionaire on his
own hook. All he will have to do will be to save $10
each week for 100,000 weeks.
This coast must not worry too much about the de
parture of the Oregon. It still has the Marion and
the naval reserve.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
WHILE the report of the Naval Board of In
quiry has not been fully announced, enough
information has been given to the press to
disclose the salient features of the findings. The
board reports that the destruction of the Maine was
due to an external explosion, probably caused by a
powerful submarine mine, but does not attempt to
iix the responsibility for firing the mine. This state
ment has been given out on such authority that it
may be accepted as true, and it is not likely that much
further knowledge will be acquired even when the
whole document is sent to Congress and made
public.
It will be seen that the report confirms in every
respect the news published by The Call concerning
the disaster. Our correspondents at Havana weeks
ago furnished evidence that the explosion was from
the outside, and that it was of such force as could
have been given only by a mine and not by a mere
floating torpedo which some irresponsible scoundrel
might have floated against the side of the ship.
The peace-at-any-price papers that have attempted to
discredit the reports of The Call are therefore re
futed by the official report and are now compelled to
publish the facts which The Call and its ally, the New
York Herald, made known to the people as rapidly
as each step in the investigation of the disaster took
place.
The fact that the Naval Board does not fix the re
sponsibility of the explosion upon Spanish officials
is a matter of minor importance. It was not ex
pected that any conclusion on that point would be
reached. The board had no power to summon wit
nesses on that branch of the inquiry. Spain only can
do that, and unless she discovers and punishes the
wretches guilty of the crime her Government will be
held responsible by us and by the world for all the
consequences of that act of outrage and treachery.
Diplomacy under these circumstances has reached
the limit of its usefulness. Now is the time for an
ultimatum. The people of the United States will not
bear with patience any haggling and wrangling over
the question of direct responsibility. They will not
submit to evasions, equivocations, postponements
and delays over a controversy that appeals equally to
national honor, to justice and to humanity. The ar
gument has been exhausted. There must be redress
or war.
THE KLONDIKE MfllL SERVICE.
THE history of the mail service in the Klondike
country this winter may be written as briefly as
Sterne's famous chapter on snakes in Ireland.
There are no snakes in Ireland. There is no mail
service to the Klondike. Thousands of letters have
been written to the adventurous men and women
who went to the Upper Yukon region in the rush of
last fall and summer, but with the exception of a
possible few that may have been carried in by private
parties none have been received by those for whom
they were intended.
This condition of affairs reflects discredit upon the
postal authorities of either the United States or Can
ada, and possibly upon both. It will be remembered
that last fall it was announced that arrangements had
been made between the two Governments by which
mails would be carried from Alaskan ports to Dawson
at least once a month. These arrangements are evi
dently still under consideration by diplomatists, for
they have not been entrusted as yet to anybody whose
service is expected to result in anything more than
talk.
According to the reports from Dawson no mails
have been received there since September. Yet it is
clear there is a way by which mails could have been
carried. Men have come across the passes bringing
letters from newspaper correspondents, and a con
siderable number of men have gone into the region
by the same route. Where individual daring can go
surely governmental energy ought to be able to find
a way, and it would have found a way if there had
been a well-directed effort to do so.
To persons who have grown up in civilized coun
tries a mail service is one of the necessities of life.
Governments have assumed to themselves the ex
clusive right to perform this service, and thereby
have taken upon themselves the responsibility of all
evil that comes by reason of a failure to do so. The
postal authorities at Washington will not be held
blameless of the breakdown in the promised mail fa
cilities to the northern gold regions. They could
have provided for the delivery of letters at least had
they tried, but they have done nothing.
It is not clear what has become of all the letters
mailed in the United States for Dawson. The Gov
ernment has accepted them at its offices and has re
ceived pay for delivering them, but has failed to do
so, and that is about all that is known of them by the
general public. The subject is one that might be
well made the occasion of a Congressional inquiry.
That two of the most -.enterprising nations on the
globe have failed in so simple a task as that of carry
ing letters from Juneau to Dawson for months is
something in the nature of a disgrace to both, and
the representatives of the people should demand an
explanation frpm the officials on whom the respon
sibility rests.
An English paper is of opinion that this country
is goading Spain on to war. Really, now? What
ship has been blown up in an American harbor?
What act more hostile than the sending of ships
laden with food has been performed? What
Spaniards have been assailed in the streets of our
cities? What stain of innocent Castilian blood mars
the pages of American history? Where are our off
sets for the Virginius and the Black Eagle? When
have we used our power to create a reign of death
and famine? What American De Lome has been
sent to the court of Madrid? What of thousands
of dollars spent in patrolling our coast so that Spain
in its shameless brutality should not be disturbed?
And why should an English paper desirous of ex
pressing an opinion not hire somebody to do its
thinking?
In discussing the railway problem as presented to
California an evening paper exclaims forcefully
"Ods-bodikens." We were hardly prepared to go
so far, but perhaps it is all right. Still there is a
probability that good old "Adzooks" is nearer the
popular heart, while "S'death" has never in an emer
gency been known to fail.
Spain is said to be angry at the prospect that the
report concerning the Maine is to be submitted to
Congress. Perhaps Spain had an idea that the facts
in that report were being gathered for the purpose
of being attached to a brick and dropped into Havana
harbor.
It may be necessary yet to invade Cuba with a
basket of provisions in one hand and a rifle in the
other. The world has grown weary of the spectacle
of starvation there.
REDRESS OR WAR.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
From Arroyo Grande somebody sends
me a poem, asking for an expression
of opinion as to its merits. I do not
know why so delicate a task should
have been thrust upon me, and must
decline to accept the responsibility. I
neither write poetry nor claim to be a
judge of it. If I were to say that the
feet of the Arroyo Grande product
seemed to me not to be mates, doubtless
I would incur the wrath of a lady
whose poetry may not be perfect, but
whose esteem may De worth having.
Therefore, she will, I know, permit me
to be non-committal. Besides, human
estimates are apt to savor of error. I
would hate to say the effort was lack
ing in any essential feature, and then
find myself guilty of having disparaged
the work of a Miltoness. Please hold
the poem until the return of the half
eared Joaquin Miller.
There Is one point which has puzzled
many worthy people. Why is it that
in a city having the benefit of schools
there is a habit of using the verb
"bring" when the evident Intent is to
convey the meaning usually borne In
upon the intelligence by the verb
"take"? I am grieved to learn that
teachers employed to instruct the
young are guilty of this crime, and
their certificates are not annulled.
It is of course impossible to tell with
accuracy where the suicides who are
also homicides go, but I hope it is not
to heaven. There is no pleasant way
of punishing the .crminal who- himself
inflicts the penalty which represents
the extreme of the law. The only check
to be thought of is one hedging the act
about with a sentiment of the utmost
detestation. I would deny to this type
of criminal the privilege of Christian
burial. It would not do to inter him
at the cross roads, as of old, with a
stake driven through his carcass, for
this would tend to depreciate real es
tate in the vicinity of the cross roads,
and discourage the moonlight ramble.
But the cadaver ought to be turned
over to- science and carved by chortling
students who smoke cigarettes the
while, and at last be sent to the gar
bage crematory.
In all the foolish talk about the Maine
disaster there has been none more silly
than that charging- Weyler with the
crime. Of course the man is a mur
derer, and deserves, as nearly as
can be computed, to hang 400,000
times over. But a commander in
charge of a city open to attack
has a right to provide it with ade
quate defenses. Whenever the United
States shall get ready to plant its har
bors with torpedoes it will undoubtedly
do so. The crime of setting off the tor
pedo, if such a thing was done, must be
ascribed to somebody other than Wey
ler. If the g-uilty can be caught he
should be executed. If there seems to
be occasion later for executing Weyler,
plenty of grounds can be found for do
ing so, and therefore the plan of con
necting him with the Maine disaster is
a waste of time.
When the Examiner states that only
twenty per cent of the murders com
mitted In Europe and America are dis
covered, I cannot help but wonder how
it knows. If it is possessed of second
sight to the extent this information
would seem to indicate, it ought to clap
on an extra pair of glasses and see with
a particularity such as would enable it
to give details.
Probably the public, too busy to take
interest in the schools its children at
tend, has not observed closely the row
which culminated in dismissal of Prin
cipal Kilpatrick. For one, I neglected
to follow it. but noting that the princi
pal had achieved the disesteem of such
Directors as Waller, Drucker and Ra
gan, cannot avoid the conclusion that
in all likelihood he is a good man.
It is a little early to charge with
cowardice the policemen who were with
Lieutenant Burke when he was shot.
Comparatively few people have had
the experience of facing a gun in the
hands of a desperate man, or possess
more than theoretical knowledge how
such a situation would inspire them to
act. Perhaps the critics would have
run as fast and as far as the police
men. Anyhow the department dem
onstrated that it has good sprinters in
plenty, and that they only need to be
instructed as to the proper direction
in which to sprint to become terrors
to evil. But regardless of the ques
tion of courage, the community has
distinct grievance. It has been de
prived of a faithful guardian, one con
cerning whose probity, kindliness and
grit no issue had ever risen. The man
who committed the murder was pot
killed. Here was a duty neglected.
He should have been filled so full of
lead that he could only have been cre
mated at a smelter. For years he had
led a useless and vicious life, his hand
against every neighbor. There was
no doubt that he was deliberate in the
assassination of Burke, that he intend
ed the slaughter of others. Yet armed
officers permitted him to stand in the
open and take the pistol dropped by
the relaxing fingers of his victim. Let
it not be charged that the observers
were scared. Perhaps they were sim
ultaneously stricken with paralysis.
Now, because this creature was hauled
away in the patrol instead of the
dead wagon, a trial will be necessary,
and justice will in all likelihood be
swindled again. It will probably be
proved through the potency of the old
reprobate's gold that he has reached
the stage of inanity which carries with
it the blessed privilege of going on the
warpath at will. It is for this reason
I am sorry he was not killed. In
sanity in instances where it is only a
chronic state of meanness is not a
good defense. If given my way I
would abolish the plea altogether, and
hang anybody who wantonly slew a
fellow man. If he happened to be
crazy the process would not be objec
tionable to him, and If merely playing
crazy, the more objectionable the bet
ter. In either case the homicidal
tendency would be checked. I have
never observed that a man slain by a
lunatic was any less dead than on«
carried off by the agency of a uncloud
ed intelligence.
An individual has -written a letter,
discreetly signing it "Verbum Sap," in
which he asks that the infidel work ap
pearing In this column be suppressed.
He also charges me with denying the
moral law and responsibility to God. To
despise a coward is the privilege of de
cency, to resent an affront is natural,
to expose falsehood, to rebuke malice,
may sometimes be a duty. Therefore
I catinotas I would like to do, pass this
By HENRY JAMES.
anonymous tradueer by as a thing un- ;
clean. He must be considered as one of j
an ignoble class. Upon the untruthful
meddler who, disguised and hidden, in
ditee calumny with intent to injure an- ;
other, it is as seemly to place the heel ]
as upon the neck of the hissing serpent. J
His tongue may be as busy as his pen,
and I do not propose to submit to slan- j
der through the medium of either. To j
my individual beliefs there can attach j
no importance, and yet it is not pleas- j
ing that they should be misrepresented
by a hypocrite. A single epithet would
describe him, but the use of this would
be neither polite nor convincing. I do
not know what Sap means by "infidel."
His shallow mind cannot realize that
there are those who believe implicitly
in a Supreme God, and for Him have a
reverence so profound that it irritates j
and depresses to observe a lot of pur
veyors of petitions directed on high but
never reaching the ceiling, thanking
the Infinite «*hat they are doing His
will, tendering counsel as to how the
world should be run, trying to impress
upon the Creator the advisability of
saving the souls He made. There are
human beings who do not like to see
people dead to every impulse of charity,
bending knee in the house of prayer.
They object to the, bigots who declare
all must live according to their plan
or go to hell, while the plan may be so
narrow, the personalities of its advo
cates so repellent as to place a pre
mium on the chance of going in any di
rection they are not. I am content to
believe the power which launched into
measureless space this whirling globe
is able to guide its flight, nor needs
the assistance of the gnats with which
it swarms. Now and then I have
attacked creeds which in no manner
conform to divine teaching nor excite
humane emotion. It has befallen me
to help, as I might, tear the cloak
from some clerical sinner, who, speak
ing out of the midst of depravity and
guile, has alike insulted the Deity he
made hideous mock of worshiping, and
the misguided persons who have lis
tened only to be betrayed. If memory
serves I have made remarks concern
ing Rev. C. O. Brown, Parson Davies,
Rector Walk and other pulpit freaks.
I imagine such classification would em
brace my unknown friend, Tappy. In
fancy it is easy to see him, the dim
light from a home-made halo suffusing
his face as he raises a voice of grat
itude that it has been permitted him
to be not as other men. His good
ness is bogus, his nature sour, his
mentality shallow and dull. It is such
as he who form stumbling blocks in
the path of those who, with a prompt
ing to step onward and upward, are
baffled at seeing the way apparently
crowded by a Pharasaical rabble pro
claiming themselves alone to be worthy
the boon of salvation. No word sus
taining them comes down to us from
that wonderful Nazarine whose benign
and gentle character they would drag
in the dust by pretending to fashion
cheir own after it. As to othe*
points advanced by Mr. Sappy I de
cline to treat them. It is impossible
for me to get down to the plane of
idiocy where they are. Ido deny,
however, that a canting apostle of
self-righteousness is the best exponent
of a moral law or any other. No sen
sible readejr will understand me as
railing against any form of good. It
is counterfeit piety for which I have
endeavored to express disregard, and
doing so before now have caused Sap
to run. There are good men in the
church and good men out of it. I
honor their principles and their deeds.
Whether we agree in doctrinal details
makes not even enough difference to
cause argument. So good-by, V. S.
Please try to lead a better life.
Senator Thurston of Nebraska has
never had my warm admiration. He
had seemed to me more a favorite of
fortune than a man of ability. It is.
true that his gift of eloquence has long
been recognized, and as a railroad at
torney he had acquired reputation and
money. But training in the legal de
partment of a subsidized road is not
best calculated to fit a statesman for
the duty of representing the people it
had often been his official duty to op
press. But for Thurston's recent speech
in the Senate he can be forgiven much.
It was patriotic, timely; an appeal to
humanity and national honor, a vivid
picture of Spanish cruelty, and withal
a tender tribute to a loved one he had
just laid to rest. It can almost be for
gotten that he had no business to go
to Cuba under the yellow flag, so well
he rose above the hampering clog of
such association. It struck me as pecu
liar that the most bitter attack upon
Thurston should have come from a rail
road organ of this city and been based I
upon his former connection with a busi- |
ness of which that paper is still a com
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\A/E PAY
THE FREIGHT
To Seattle or make an allowance equal to it. We sell goods at wholesale or
manufacturers' price; we make concessions to large parties for Alaska; we
pack safely and well for sleds, mule or man carriage, free of cost to buyer;
we do the things you want done to make the trig comfortable and profit-
able. Give us a chance.
THE HUMBOLDT.
That swift, safe, new steamer leaves this port April 2 for its fourth trip
direct to Dyea and Skaguay. The papers say $40,000,000 are mined and ready
to come out on first boat in July.
WE SELL TICKETS
And secure the lowest rate and be^t berths for those who come or write at
once. Do not risk your all on an unknown or worn-out vessel. Costs no more
to go on a safe one Splendid freight arrangements for passengers en route.
Apply at once to
SCASH STORE,
' The Livest and Liveliest Store in theCitj
We ftuarnntce all the goods we sell— they are money
Back. LIBERALITY our motto.
25=27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
ponent part. A sneeze In the Tost
i means that the Southern Pacific Una
I lifted the lid of its snuffbox. The Thur
' ston speech illuminated some points al
! ready clear. It lent emphasis to the
! demand of conscience that the war in
Cuba be stopped at once, and that this
i must be dc-ne by the United States, fn
! the grasp of President McKinley rests
I the fate of thousands of innocent peo
i pie without his aid doomed to be mur
dered by slow torture. Why should he
■ withhold his hand? I can see no rea-
I son. I think that any course but an
| announcement to Spain that she must
j retire from the island by her laid deso
late and bathed in blood would be a
; crowning disgrace to the great nation
j which has called McKinley to the exec
! utive chair. Let the threatening flotHla
be turned back or sent to the bottom.
Let ships laden with food be sent to
cheer the place of famine, and if neces r
sary a gun go with every loaf. War
promptly made would be short. War
made after Spain had been allowed to
complete her preparations would be
ten-fold worse. And I firmly believe
j there is no way now for "peace with
honor."
There has been some discussion as
to the character of the late Frances
Willard, and admirers have termed her
an ideal woman. With all respect for
her and the work to which she devoted
much of her life, I think it entirely
fair to say that she was nothing of the
kind. There is a wide difference be
tween a type and an ideal. Miss Wil
lard doubtless accomplished much good,
but she was never magnetic nor lova
ble. On the contrary, she was what
has been mildly called "self-centered."
If she accepted certain principles as
correct for herself there must always
remain a question whether her belief
that humanity should be governed by
the same principles was founded on a
nice sense of Justice, or a due consid
eration of popular rights. That sha
was wholly conscientious need not be
doubted. Far from my purpose is it
to say aught of her in malice or dis
paragement. Probably she did not
look upon herself as an ideal. In the
minds of men the ideal woman must
ever be one bringing up the picture of
the devoted wife and mother. A wo
man may be all things else that is good
and pure; she may be a great re
former, an organizer without peer, a
fountain of eloquence, a warrior as
Joan of Arc, but in the common heart
the ideal woman already has a place
and it is not to be taken by anybody
who, outside the domestic circle, courts
the attention of the world. It is in
the home that woman exercises the
tender and unselfish offices which make
her life and memory blessed.
"The Vice of Gambling" constituted
the theme of a recent pulpit discourse.
Without doubt many excellent things
were said, for the subject is one con
ducive to such flow of denunciatory elo
quence as a speaker may possess. Yet
there seems to me difficulty in the way
of defining the bound between gam
bling, which is wicked, and speculation,
which is legitimate, and upon which a
Rockefeller feels at liberty to call down
the favor of providence. Almost any
thing in which an investment is made
is a gamble. A man buys real estate
on the chance that it may rise in value.
He gets his life insured, the company
betting he will live for years, and he
basing the prospect of beating the com
pany on the circumstance that life is
uncertain. The illustration could be
continued indefinitely. In gambling as
practiced in the poolrooms, in slot ma
chines and lotteries there is an evil so
distinct that it cannot be disguised, but
if the high-toned gambling of an Ar
mour or a Leiter is not morally on the
same plane, I would like to know the
reason why.
ADVANCING PRICES.
Minneapolis Tribune.
Recent statistics show that 80 out of
110 commodities in general use, chiefly
agricultural, have risen in price within
the last year, although there hasn't been
a general shortage and in spite of the
downward tendency of the price of silver.
If this means anything, then, it means
that the consumers have increased their
purchasing power by reason of having a
wider distribution of employment and
better wages.
THEY WILL. RETIRE.
Denver Post.
Where will those world-famed fighters,
Fitzsimmons, Corbett, McCoy et aL ba
when the call to arms is sounded?
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy St." «
Choice present Eastern friends, Town
send's Cal. Glace Fruits 50c tt> Jap bskts.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
CASTEES IN SPAIN.
St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Spain is in better shape for an auction
than for war.
Drs. Bush & Son have removed to 206 Kearny
Bt.. Adams Building, rooms 310. 309. 308. Dent
istry in all its branches. Teeth without plates
especially. Telephone Red 1226.MOORE WOULD
ONLY AFFIRM
Commander of the Union
Mission Array Re
fused to Swear.
Jie Met With a Signal Defeat
in th© Police Court
Yesterday.
His Connection With God's Regular
Army in Portland Wrb of a
Shady Nature.
A. TV. Moore, the self-styled com
mander of the Union Mission Army,
•with headquarters at 114 Hayes street,
got a setback in Judge Low's court
yesterday morning. As was stated in
yesterday's Call, he had Mrs. Sissie Da
vis and her husband, W. J. Davis, ar
rested for disturbing the peace.
Moore had engaged Attorney Gesford
to defend him and was evidently pre
pared to make a fight. When put on
the stand he was ordered to be sworn,
but he surprised every one in court by
refusing and stating that he would only
affirm.
Subsequently the Judge had occasion
to ask him why he would not be sworn
and he said "the Bible tells us not to
swear," which* raised a laugh at his ex
pense in court. Moore was kept down
to the event leading to the complaint,
and he was only permitted to testify
that Davis ordered him out of the house
find threw his drum and flag out into
the street after him. He admitted that
Mrs. Davis was not present at the time
and that he swore to the complaint, in
cluding her as one of the defendants,
so as to get her out of the house to en
able him to obtain possession of the
premises.
In cross-examination he was asked if
It were not one of the fundamental
principles of the organization that no
should take upon himself or her
self the title of commander, and in re
ply he said that Mr. and Mrs. Davis
appointed him commander. The orig
inal rules were submitted to the Judge,
and also certified copies written out by
Moore, In which it was shown that in
the latter Moore had inserted the let
ters** Com" before his name, the original
only having the plain signature.
A Miss Butler, who has a store next
door to the headquarters, was called
by Moore as a witness for him, but she
denied hearing any disturbance and
gave Mr. and Mrs. Davis an excellent
character for peace and quiet.
The Judge, without calling the de
fendants tv testify, dismissed the case,
and they announced their intenticm of
swearing ><ut warrants for Moore's ar
rest on the charge of "threats to kill."
The attorneys for the defendants
were prepared with evidence that
would have shown Moore in a bad light.
They had a copy of "The Regular." the
official organ of Clod's Regular Army.
published in Portland, Or., of Decem
ber I^. 1897. containing an article sierned
by Colonel A. J. Purdey, commander
in-chiff of the army, warning the pub
lic that Moore was no longer connected
with the army and would not be again
till he had proved himself worthy by
doing some honest manual work. It
was "also said that he was mixed up in
a scandal in Petaluma in November of
>ast year. before he went to Portland.
A CELEBRATED CANVAS.
A New Picture on Exhibition at the
Emporium Art Rooms.
The management of the Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar is entitled to the
thanks of the art-loving public for having
,* p. -cured a second masterpiece of Mr. De
Lnrme. which will be placed on free ex
hibition to-morrow. This time it is a
farm house interior, and in the handling:
•of the lights and shadows it is the equal
if not the superior of his celebrated paint-
Ing:,' "The Blacksmith," on exhibition
Feveral months ago.
The homely interior of a farmhouse is
depicted in detail, a child being the cen
tral figure-.
"While every feature of the painting
shows the hand of a master, it is the
marvelous effects brought out in the
tri-iiiment nf the sunlight entering the
window and countering the lurid plow
from th« firelight nn the hearth which
commands instant and wondering admir
ation of the artist's skilL
tic ar<- the light effects, one
hns first to convince himself that no sun
llgrhi reaches the canvas before he can
feel assure,! that the results are reached
entirely by the manipulation of the
).r'iph.
The crowds which visited the Emporium
to view "The Blacksmith" will no doubt
r>e dv; Heated in thost- who will visit again
and again this later production of the
celebrated French painter.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 10)7-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRY GOODS COMPANY,
GRAND OPENING
OF 1
SPRING SILKS
HIGH-GRADE PARIS NOVELTIES, in Plaids, Bayadere .and
Striped Taffeta Effects. i'ij
Superb White Silks, Satins and Brocades.
EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS IN FOULARDS.
AT &1.50 PER YARD— pieces FRENCH SILK POP-
LINS all the latest shades.
100 pieces HEAVY TWILLED WASH SILKS..
BLACK SILKS.
Our stock is complete in every detail, showing novelties in
Duchesse, Brocades, Stripes Moire Velour, Peau de Soie, Taffetas,
Poplins, Crepes and Fancy Weaves. . -
SPECIAL. : :
TAFFETA LINING SlLKS— Manufactured expressly for the City
of Paris Dry Goods Company, at 75c and 85c per yard. , :
500 pieces in .Stripes, Plaid,. Changeable and Plain Shades,
at $1.00 per yard. /
50 pieces 28-inch wide Black and High-Colored Taffeta Silks. .
DRESS-MAKING AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY.' ;
VISIT OUR NEW AND ELEGANT MILLINERY DEPARTMENT.
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY 'ATTENDED TO.
CITY OF PARISTIRY GOOOS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and ' Stockton Streets, S. F. ; ..=■ -
UNION SQUARE.
ANTHONY HOPE
DENIES IT
He Declares, "1 Never
Said Anything Bad
of America."
The New York World Is Given
a Sharp "Call Down" by
the Novelist.
He Demands That the Head of the
Paragrapher Be Sent
to Him.
Anthony Hope Hawkins, who achiev
ed fame and fortune from his novel,
the "Prisoner of Zenda," has given the
New York World a sharp and quick
"calldown" for the malicious attack
that it recently made upon him in at
tributing to him splenetic sneers at the
expense of the American people. Major
Pond, who managed Mr. Hope's tour
in this country, and who now has Ma
rion Crawford, the novelist, here, was
in receipt of a recent letter from the
famous author containing the editorial
from the World and his denial of the
same.
The uncalled-for roast of Mr. Hope
under the caption of "Anthony Hope
Speaks His Mind," is as follows:
"It's the same old story. Tony Haw
kins — not an Eastcheap costermonger,
but a London literary chap who calls
himself Anthony Hope — has returned to
England with his pockets full of Amer
ican dollars and his mouth full of sple
netic sneers at the vulgar Yankees who
furnished them. After a triumphal tour
of these States, reading with doubt
ful elocution a chapter or two from
one of his books and charging his audi
tors as much therefor as ten books by
better men than he, might be had for,
the Cockney returns to the 'ome of the
'Awklnses and enlightens all England
upon the 'conceit' of the American peo
ple. It may be suggested that the per
son who thinks that a little easily won
literary notoriety has made the sight of
him and the sound of his voice cheap
at $1 50 and isn't wholly devoid of self
esteem himself. Authors who are af
flicted with modesty don't take to the
'author's readings' method of making
money. He who does so, proclaims
that he holds himself well worth look
ing at, for, as for the reading, a third
rate elocutionist usually can do it bet
ter.
"It is a pity the cabled reports of Mr.
Hawkins' fluent expressions of opinion
concerning the Americans he so re
cently exploited are but meager. But
American experience is mature enough
to supply the gaps. Anthony Hope
was received with especial hospitality.
Private houses and clubs were open to
him everywhere. He had as royal a
reception as though he were the Prince
Rupert whose adventures he chroni
cles. Of course, under these circum
stances he would be particularly sa
tirical. Courtesy is the poorest way to
win a Briton's good will. Snub him
and perhaps he will be reasonably
courteous himself.
"We regret, however, that the dis
tinguished litterateur should have
found that American women 'had many
ways of expressing that they were
frankly disappointed in their expecta
tions concerning his personality. 1
Probably h expected to have to enact
the role of a St. Anthony throughout
his tour."
In denial of this unjust stab the nov
elist writes Major Pond as follows:
1G Buckingham Street, Strand. March
12. 1898.— 0b, My Dear Major: Isn't this
sort of thing too bad? I've written to
The Critic vigorously denying — look for
my letter. I never said anything bad of
America, but if they go on like this I
will — of these papers anyhow. You of all
men best know. First, how good my
thoughts were; secondly, how had my
temper is. Combine your information and
then conjecture my state of mind upon
this matter.
Enough! How are you and Mrs. Pond?
And when are you coming over? Friends
have begun to arrive here and there is a
promise of more so that I look forward
to the f>pportunity of paying a little of
my debts. I am working intermittently
and spending all day quietly here— a
chancre from our old days together. Clark
was delighted when I gave him your mes
sage—he lias got a permanent place here
and seems pleased with it. I never get
a permanent place, but I jog along pretty
well all the same. I saw Doyle a day
or two ago— he speaks of you as well as
I speak of you.
Good luck, and if you have your cavalry
sword about you kill a paragrapher and
send me his head per steamship Umbria.
Yours,
ANTHONY HOPE HAWKINS,
Sent to Jail for Five Years.
Henry Angel, aji old offender, who
pleaded guilty to a charge of breaking
into the store of Leopold Greenberg on
Geary street last January, was sentenced
by Judge Dunne yesterday to five years"
imprisonment at Folsom.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
JUDGE SLACK RESIGNS.
He Will Leave the Bench to Enaaae in the General
Practice of the Law.
Superior Judge Charles W. Slack forwarded his resignation yesterday
to Governor Budd. The resignation is to take effect on and after the
4th of April.
Judge Slack has for a long time been contemplating the step taken
by him. About seven or eight months ago he was offered the position of
lecturer on law at the Affiliated Colleges, at a salary "f $5000 a year, which
was $1000 more than he enjoyed while on the bench. He accepted the of
fer conditionally. At the time it was made he was actively engaged in the
trial of the Craven-Fair suit. He then announced that when that litigation
was closed and other important cases pending before him were either
tried or so settled that the litigants would not suffer any inconvenience
by his retirement he would leave the bench. Now that he has resigned
there are a host of candidates in the field for the place. Ex-Judge A. A.
Sanderson, Frank Murasky, Rhodes Borden and Alex Vogelsang are among
those mentioned for the position. Borden, who is in the City and County
Attorneys' office, and Murasky, who is a law partner of Colonel James
Smith, were candidates for the Superior bench at the last election, and
were beaten. Ex-Judge Sanderson was also a candidate for re-election, but
was defeated.
Judge Slack has abandoned the idea of accepting the position offered him
in the Affiliated Colleges. He will form a law partnership with Arthur
Rodgers and ex-Supreme Justice Van R. Paterson.
TO LOOK FOR AN
ISLAND OF GOLD
The Schooner Free Trade
Fitted Out for the
Expedition.
Two English Capitalists and a
Mining Expert Are Going
Along.
Untold Millions Are to Bo Found in
the Quartz Ledges of the
Is'ew El Dorado.
An expedition backed by British cap
ital starts north in a few days in search
of an "Island of (Jnld." >."<> money has
been spared in putting everything in
first-class shape and the promoters are
confident cf success. The quartz ledges
to be found cropping out all over the
island are said to be fabulously rich
and large pieces of rock can be broken
off with a hammer in which the gold
can be seen in streaks all through it.
When the rock is broken by a hammer
the various fragments a^e said to hold
together by threads of gold. The isl
and was discovered by the captain of a
sealing schooner two years .ago and it
is he who will lead the fortune hunters
to the new El Dorado.
The schooner Free Trade, purchased
from John H. Pricn a few weeks ago,
has been thoroughly fitted out for the
expedition. She was put on the ways,
and every one of her planks bored to
test their soundness. She has been
1 braced thoroughly throughout, a house
; has been built on deck, new sails have
been bent and no expense spared in
putting the schooner into- first-class
| shape to carry the expedition to Alas
i kan waters. The cabin has been fitted
up luxuriously. A bathroom has been
I built especially for the accommodation
i of the two English capitalists who will
| go up on her, and patent washstands
! have been put in each stateroom.
The schoc-ner will be commanded by
Captain Charles A. Moore, and he will
be accompanied by the Hon. H. Talbot
Watson, Hon. George Page and an
English mining expert. The capitalists
will be accompanied by their valets,
and as the cruise is expected to last
about two months everything in the
way of greater comforts is being taken
along. Among the cargo will be two
live sheep, several young pigs, turkeys,
chickens, ducks and geese. All the fish
| required will be caught in Bering Sea,
t as the schooner is bound for one of the
i islands in the Aleutian group. Tobacco
and cigars have been snipped In plenty
1 and the lockers will not be destitute of
I champagne and other liquors.
Captain Moore knows the exact loca
tion of the '"Island of Gold" and has
a very good idea as to its wealth. While
cruising In Alaskan waters he one day
landi d on the island and while clamber
; ing over it saw the cropping?, with the
gold planly visible to the naked eye.
The quartz seemed to be rotten and all |
along the face of the ledges pieces of '
the rock could be seen suspended by
threads of gold. He made as good an
investigation as time would permit, and
; on his return to the sealing schooner
; took the latitude and lc-ngitude of the
! spot. On his return to San Francisco
; he tried to interest capitalists in his
I discovery, bv.t in a measure failed,
i Those who wore %-eady to go into the
venture wanted to hnve everything
their way, and so far as the captain
• could see he was to get all the glory
and they were to get all the pro-fits.
Aflor two months of waiting he grave
i up in disgust and went to England. He
arrived there on a. "'upsday. made ai!
his arrangements with the Hons. Wat
1 pon and Page and was on his way back
; to America on the steamer Paris thp
! following Saturday. He was followed
j poon after by the two capitalists, and
I they are now at the Palace Hc-tol
! awaiting the departure of the Free
! Trade.
In talking about the matter yesterday
Captain Moore Fa id: "Everything is
now almost ready and we will g>-t
away for the Aleutian Islands next
Tuesday or Wednesday. I don't ex
pect that we will be gone more than
, six weeks, as I know exactly where we
; are going, and we will only remain
j long enough at the islands to secure
I samples of the ore foc^assaying when
jwe return to San Francisco. I am so
| sure that the venture will prove a sue-
I cess that I have risked ;ill my capital
! in it. but except to have it returned to
!me ten thousand fold. lam taking
my wife with me, so you see I expect
the voyage to be more of a pleasure
trip than anything else. I discovered
the Island when T was master of a
Bi iling schooner, but the name of the
i schooner or the whereabouts of the
> island I am not going to tell you. The
! name of the schooner would probably
recall to some of the captains of other
vessels that were north at that time
the vicinity of the island and that
knowledge I want to keep to myself f<>r
the present. The Free Trade will
carry two mates, four* sailors, a cook
and a steward, besides Messrs. Wat
son and Page's valets, so you see that
the vessel will oe well manned. I think
that on oui return tbe tales >>f the
fabulous wealth of the Klondike will
not b<=> in It with the stories we will
' have to tell."
Captain Moore began his life on the
sea as a middy in the English navy.
He got tired of service on board a man
of-war and went into the merchant
marine. Years ago, when in Van
couver, B. C, the American ship John
de Costa wanted a navigator to take
her to Valparaiso and Captain Moore
was engaged. After that voyage he
served on the North American, Ster
ling:, Morning Star and the Robert L,.
Belknap. From the sailing vessels he
went into the employ of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, but getting
tired of steam he went East and came
back to San Francisco as mate of the
Olympic. After that he made the
cruise to Alaska in the sealing schooner
before mentioned, and is now getting
ready to go back to the Aleutian is
lands to relocate his "Island of Gold."
There will be taken along on the deck
of the Free Trade a most remarkable
little steam launch. It is 30 feet long,
6 feet broad, and with eight men in
it. only draws six inches of water. It
■was designed and built by a student
at Berkeley named Jarvis and is con
sidered to be a wonder in its way On
its trial trip it ran fifty miles on a
consumption of sixty gallons of water
and 200 pounds of coal. It can carry
500 pounds of coal and two men and a
boy to handle it. In Oakland Creek
the other day the little launch carried
eight men and towed a sloop with six
tons of shell in it six miles against
the tide in an hour.
The most remarkable thing about the I
craft is the fact that the engines and
steering" gear are worked by the same i
wheel. The screw is movable and can
be shifted from side to side the same
as a rudder without diminishing the
speed of the boat. When the' wheel
is put hard over the engines go full
speed astern and the boat comes round
as though she was on a pivot. She was
fixed up for the trip to Alaska by-
James Garret of Newark, and he says
that she can easily make ten knots
an hour. According to him she is the
only boat afloat that can go anywhere
her handlers want under a flv^'-pound
pressure of steam. The gear that works
the screw and the steering apparatus
has the same ball bearings as the i
chainless bicycle, and everything in the
little boat runs like clock work
The Free Trade went into the stream
yesterday to be cleaned up and painted
To-morrow she will be docked again"
* crew ' shipped ■ and then > Tuesday or
"Wednesday a start will be made. '
No Hope for Kate.
Kate Williams, a ? wayward miss of -[-
years, was brought to this city yesterday
by Secretary Healey of the Sacramento
Society j for the Prevention j of j Cruelty ! to
Children, and turned ; over to Secretary
Kane of the Anti-Vice Society. For the,
■past; few months this rirl has done more
harm than j a dozen of her class could
have ordinarily conceived. Tn company
with two others- she started out on the
road las a tramp, ; and the I trio landed |in
Reno; New; Tiring of this life, they went
to Sacramento, where they were arrested
and placed in a home for females.' From
that place she escaped, and finally. th»
secretary; took her in charge in the hope
that: he could reform her. She broke up
half of the good man's furniture, and he
was "< obliged .- to • bring r her ■'■ back- to this
city, ' from ;. which •■; she started, and have
her : placed where she will do the least
harm. ;, :■:, ,:-; . V;, ;:;;i •. -. .-•;-. \ ■
Frfp — Ore months treatment "'Our New
Method Cure." Weak Men cured to stay cured.
l)r. Gordin, 614 Pine street. San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ___^_-__~
;^:-*.o-; . '.' . . '.-■'''■/. .>'■■'.■ " • .':'-■ ■"■.'■ - v"; ;■. *'
• ■ './• ' . 'i - ■ ; '■■'.■•'". v •
HOCKETT BROTHERS & CO.
n i. '
218 POST* j\i kiLif\n
1 Irtlv\/4J The Wonderful
— CROWN
I PIANO. 1
To make room for our "CROWN" stock we have decided to place on sale
ALL THE "SINGLE TONE" PIANOS
we have in stock, both new and- second-hand, at prices that leave profit out of the question. Many in the
following list, among which are the , . .
CHICKBRINGS, A. B. CHASE, KNABE, Etc.
were taken in exchange on "CROWN" Pianos, and they are almost as good as new. -
|| EVERY ONE OF THEM A GENUINE BARGAIN. ||
NEW CHICKERINO upright, walnut case, largest size
this factory makes. Regular price $650. Our sale price.. ... $398
!«.> A KB) upright, full size, walnut case; in first-class condi- ■■
tion *2*7
A. It. CHASE upright, ebonized case, full size, nearly new
and a bargain at . .... $220
DIMKFK ISKOTIIER*' upright, ebonized case In good ' -*
order and a specially good value $182 •
COXOTEK Circassian walnut, full size and a handsome in-
strument. NEW $270
SHERMAN, CLAY A: CO. upright, in good order, only $1-13
CJII^BERT upright, ebonized case— a rare bargain at 80S
I>I'7VIIA!?I & CO. Cabinet Grand; largest size; Hungarian
ash; full swing front. NEW. Regular retail price $450. A ■
regular snap for some one at '. $210
1,14,1 V 1 Ac CO. Solid oak case, full size. Warranted for 5
years • • '.'. $198
-"%VltilLiAßl> & CO. — full size, handsome case 9182
WIMiARD & CO. full size; NEW. A very handsome
piano ................. $192
TWO Kl3l%'SlHT«w'ror*>s, both new: light and dark cases.
Fully warranted. One for ftl?7, and the other for.. $187
CHlClCEKli^O— Rosewood case, good condition and tone.. $97
CIIICK.ERI^CJ— full size, splendid tone $140
l>i;^fHA.H A; CO. —Walnut case; full size. Big value at. $189
ESTER— Mahogany; almost new. Tours for $ltf3
1 . i
If you want a piano don't fail to investigate our offer. Everything just as represented. We do just
as we advertise. COME AND HEAR THE "CROWN " WITH ORCHESTRAL ATTACHMENT. Plenty
of music all day long for your entertainment.
To buyers living within 100 miles
of San Francisco we will allow
~~j railroad fare both ways. * ■ —
If you can't come write us. A
HOCKFTT 2c stamp may save you $150. HOCKETT
BROS. '^^JZ^T^ BROS.
& COMPANY. 218 POST. & COMPANY.
MORE SCIENCE,
LESS MYTHOLOGY
Instructor Heaton Pro
tests Against Classic
Myths.
Nature Study Urged as a Sub
stitute for Ancient Su
perstition.
Professor Brown Says We Are Ap
proaching a Unified National
Educational System.
Instructor T. Lv Heaton of the depart
ment of pedagogy at the State Univer
sity, in a lecture to a teachers' class yes
terday morning, vigorously condemned
the tendency In the schools of the State
to spend much time on classical myth
ology at the expense of modern science.
He said:
Three-fourths of the pupils In our public
schools attend school lor only six years. The
problem lor the educator is to determine what
few of the many important things should be
taught. At present the study of mythology is
carried to a great extreme. I visited recently
a receiving class and found the children being
taught mythology, in the fifth grade it was
still mythology, in the eighth grade it was still
mythology and in the high school still more
'"it is true that some knowledge of mythology
is necessary to an understanding of art and
literature. "But is it not quite as true that a
knowledge of Bible stories is necessary also to
i ully understand literature and art. Yet the
litter is totally excluded from the curricula of
t'ne schools and the children are lamentably
ignorant of the Bible.
What do pupils get from the study of myth
oioev? If it is only the stories, the time spent
on the subject is wasted. Mythology is valu
able in that It expresses in a crude and bar
barous manner the philosophy of the ancients.
Put in two thousand years have we not ad
vanced wonderfully? Is it rational to raise a
child's body according to nineteenth century
methods anil his mind by methods of the fourth
century U C ? How much better it would be
t,, teach tbe children some of the wonderful
K'-ientiilc facts that have been discovered since
the epoch of classic mythology.
How many people, for Instance, know the
wonders that have been accomplished by the
I'nited States signal service? Last year it pre
dicted two weeks In advance the great floods
of the Mississippi, and warnings were sent out,
hat the warnings were unheeded. If the peo
ple had been educated in a knowledse of
science instead of a knowledge of mythology
thous&nda of dollars' worth of property and
hrndreUs of lives might have been saved. Let
uh have laaa mythology and more science; less
ancient superstition and more knowledge; for
Zeua was j<rt>at, but God is infinite.
lv nature study the lacts of science can be
ma<"ie as fascinating to the minds of children
aH the stories of mythology. Nature study
might well be taught in connection with the
study of drawing, Which i.^ at present very
poorly taught in our public schools. Nature
stud}' however, should consist rather in train
ing the perception than in arrangement of
facts which constitutes science proper. Still
the teacher should have the science in his or
her mind, and the mistake should not be made
nl tiiuhing a mass of miscellaneous and dis
connected facts.
Professor Elmer E. Brown continued
his historical review of tho development
of Education in the United States. He
said:
Little by little our American educational sys
tem has been approaching a great unified sys
tem; it has gradually come to realize the ideal
natif.nal system of education which Huxley de
clared must be a ladder reaching from the gut
ter to the university.
It seems that this State furnishes a com
plete and Independent educational system. The
Influence of academies, which in many States
is very powerful, does not amount to so much
in this Statr. although we have a few very
good academies and a number of g-ood, strong
private schools.
\iu.mg the Important steps that must be
taken in our educational progress are the es
tablishment of more reform school!!— schools
between the grammar school and the reform
atory — and the extension of vocational training
schools. I am convinced that the extension of
a system of vocational training schools is a
matter of particularly great importance to our
educators.
A FATAL MISSTEP.
Death of William Henry Savage
While Working on a Ship at
the Union Iron Worss.
William Henry Savage, a boy I*s years
old, residing at 497 Fourth street, was
killed yesterday while at work on a ship
being constructed at the yards of the
Union Iron Works. »
He was working on a staging on the
outside of the framework of the ship and
attempted to jump from the staging to a
platform a little lower down. His foot
slipped and he missed the platform and
fell to the dock, striking on his head and
stunning him. He was taken to the City
and County Hospital, whore he died in
a short time from the effects of hi.s in
juries.
The body was taken to the Morgue.
RICE WILL REFORM.
Rapped Over the Knuckles for Di-
verting Trade From San Fran
cisco to Victoria.
T'nitod States Immigration Commission
er North yesterday received a letter from
United States Commissioner Rice at Vic
toria, British Columbia, announcnig that
he had been furnished by the department
with a copy of Commissioner North's re
port of the examination and finding of
the Special Board of Inquiry connected
■with the Immigration Bureau in this city
in tho matter of the twenty-four Japanese
contract laborers recently refused a land
, Jl _ ADVERTISEMENTS. - .
Good Work
At a Fair Price, and Guaranteed
■;^^^^.' ■■ to Stand. I
. \ r ws" Painless Extraction Our Leader. I
Gold Fillings .......75cup I Cleaning Teeth.-... ...........50c up H
Amalgam Fillings.... . ...25cup Bridgework, per tooth $3.50 up H
Cement Fillings .........25c up ! Gold Crown, 22-K .......... $3.50 up 3
Full Set of Teeth, with Free Extraction... 1.65.00 H
DENTAL CO.
Of York, 1
CORNER MARKET, O'FARRELL AND GRANT AYE. ENTRANCE 6 O'FARRELL. 1
- " "■ Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 6p. m. ; 7p.m.to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, all day. : a
I SPEAKING j|||§||OF CURES! §
> Rupture Cured in Two 1^ .'•■■ He Feels Like a Boy of »
I Months. Fifteen. »
>',■•■, : ":■/•— / ■•■ .'■•■' '^t-.' •■ Cir '■ '£&
> . Occidental; Calif.. Wit H. SAWYER of Berdell 8
v Feb. 28th, 1898 ' Station. Sonoma County, writes ££
y \ DR. PIERCE' SON-Gentle- i. f cannot ££^£1 saylngthat I con- ; »
„ men: I wish to inform you that the Truss s i(jer your 'Galvanic Chain Belt" to be one «
■* - which I purchased : at ; your office the 6th of the greatest Inventions on earth, for it £j
5 cf last December CURED me of Rupture has '' y en me such LIFE AND VIGOR V*
>, in TWO MONTHS. I am ov, sixty years S^- 1^ M of^?..^tSgS;^-SSt°f »
y of age. . ; j felt weak and' without ; energy; but with «'
Z There Is no mistake; about the fact that ! your Belt and ■ Suspensory on I am one of ■".' i-< :
* your •; celebrated Magnetic Elastic Truss j he ; most ? active, , vigorous and happy men '-**
V will positively CURE RUPTURE, and I i you will, be able to meet anywhere. Tour Q
t heartily recommend it to all ruptured .per- Belt r is ' certainly a ; wonderful invention. ~
* sons. Yours sincerely," C.S. COLL.INS. ! and if others only knew as much about it >*
>; ; If ruptured, call or send 2c in stamps for as * do > no man or woman in the State of , £
- our New Book on Rupture. Trusses fitted California would be without it for a single '
■* "' at office without s extra charge. .Address day - „,, _, '^. .„ ' w
%'-- 'm >/>ue<pi/> pi ACTi.- tdiicc oa • For full particulars of Dr.Plerces Patent '«■
*;- MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS C 0. ,: Electric ■ Belt call or send stamp for our W
5 Ct)A MARKET STREET. Opposite r new Illustrated "Pamphlet No. 2." *-: Ad- £
sO^ 1/ ■■('■■■ Palace ■; Hotel. \ San Francisco, dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market • '« ;
■* ■ ■Or 35 and 36 Sullivan Block, 712 First aye., j st., \ San Francisco, ■or 35 > and .36 '• Sullivan t ', w <
5 , SEATTLE. - '.• I Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. ft
ing at this port, and which report and
findings were approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury on the appeal of the Jap
anese.
Mr. Rice stated in his letter that the
department had requested him to make
his rulings in similar cases in conformity
with the rulings of the special board at
the port of San Francisco. He added
that he had asked the department for a
leave of absence for the purpose of visit
ing this city In order to familiarize him
self with the methods and procedure
adopted by the board here.
Mr. Rice's action in giving certificates ot
admission to sixty Japanese contract
laborers who stopped at Victoria en route
to this city, has been severely commented
upon, as his leniency in the matter would
have the effect of turning the tide of
Japanese travel to Victoria to the Injury
of American passenger vessels.
SEVERE SENTENCE.
W. A. Shepard, Employment Agent,
Gets Six Months in Jail.
W. A. Shepanl, proprietor of the Clerks'
Exchange, appeared in Judge Campbell's
court yesterday for sentence on the
charge of petty larceny. He was convict
*■(! by a Jury on Wednesday of securing
$r> from Miss J. Conklin on the promise
of securing for her a position in the Oak
land branch of the business. Instead of
doing so he kept her cash and refused
to give her any satisfaction. At the trial
a number of others testified to having
been swindled in the same way.
The Judge, after scoring Shepard se
verely for stealing a poor girl's money,
sentenced him to pay a line of $250, with
! the alternative of six months in the Coun
ty Jail, and intimate that in the next case
of the kind that came before him the
sentence would be imprisonment without
the option of a fine.
The defendant's attorney filed a notice
of appeal, and Shepard was released on
$1000 bonds.
78
THE COLOMA
ARRIVES AT
UNALASKA
Overdue Bark Picked
Up by the Cutter
Bear.
Delayed by Head Winds
on the NcTrthern
Voyage.
Assistance Comes When Her
Water Supply Is Nearly
Exhausted.
ALL ON BOARD ARE WELL
Not a Case of Sickness on tho Vessel
Since She Sailed for the
Aleutians.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
UNALASKAAAIaska, March 3.— The
bark Coloma of San Francisco, Captain
J. Mattson, was picked up in Bering
Sea to-day by the relief steamship Bear
and towed into Unalaska. The Colo
ma is a month overdue, having left
Cape Flattery on December 30. When
picked up she had been out sixty-four
days and her supply of fresh water
was nearly gone.
On February 5 and 6 the Bear cruised
in Bering Sea and the Aleutian passes
looking for the Coloma. She returned
in the firm belief that the bark had
foundered at sea. On February 23 the
Alaska Commercial Company's schoon
er Pearl came into port from San Fran
cisco and reported that she had passed
the Coloma in Unimak Pass on the pre
vious day. On the 27th and 2Sth the
Bear searched for her again, but with
out success.
Since the 22d the bark had been try-
Ing to beat up to the Bay of Unalaska
and has been within sight of the moun
tains of Unalaska Island ever since,
except on the first of March, when she
was blown off by the severest storm of
this winter. All the way up from Cape
Flattery the Coloma had head winds
constantly. She sighted Unalaska
Island on February 16, but could not
get Into the pass until the 22d. All are
well on board and there has been no
sickness during the entire voyage.
The Coloma is the first square-rigged
vessel to make the winter trip to the
Aleutian Islands. Last year a schooner
belonging to the North American Com
mercial Company, the General Siglln,
was lost with all on board trying to get
to Kadiak Island, a much less difficult
voyage.
The steamships Portland and Bertha
arrived on February 28, the Portland
coming in eight hours ahead of the
Bertha, although the latter had two
days' start.
On March 1. the steamship Eliza An
derson parted her moorings at Dutch
Harbor and drifted on to the rocks,
where she now lies a wreck. The An
derson last summer brought a party of
Yukoners as far as Unalaska. They
had narrowly escaped from foundering
on the way over, and on reaching this
port the vessel was found to be fitted
with scarcely any of the life-saving de
vices enumerated on her certificate of
inspection. She was declared unsea
worthy and was prevented from con
tinuing her voyage to St. Michael.
All are well in Unalaska, Dutch Har
bor and on the Bear. Both the North
American Transportation and Trading
Company and the Alaska Commercial
t'nmpany are hard at work building
steamships and barges for the Yukon
trade, to be sent in the moment the
river opens. Each company is building
four steamships here.
If one is going to the Klondike this
year he should not buy transportation
unless the passage up the river is
guaranteed. Last year a large number
of people got to St. Michael, but the
companies which had river boats would
not take them to Dawson unless they
came up on the tickets of those com
panies, as they claimed that they could
not accommodate more than their own
passengers and freight.
On February 26 the body of Peter
Shaishnikoff, assistant storekeeper for
the Alaska Commercial Company at
Unalaska, was found close to the
wharf. He had been missing for two
days and the body was recovered by
means of fishing lines.
PASSING OF A SANTA
BARBARA CAPITALIST.
J. A. Fithian Dies Suddenly at Los
Angeles While Returning
From France.
SANTA BARBARA, March 26.— This
city was shocked this morning by the
news that J. A. Fithian of Santa Barbara
had died suddenly at Los Angeles. He
had been 111 for some time with la grippe,
but no serious consequences were ex
pected. Mr. Fithian was returning from
a visit to France, accompanied by his
Wife, at the time of his death.
Joel A. Fithian was born In Cumberland
County, New Jersey, on April 3, 1539. At
the breaking out of the late war he en
tered the army as a major of the Twenty
fourth New Jersey volunteers, but after a
few months' service was transferred to
the staff of General Pencil, in which ca
pacity he served until July, 1864, when he
was appointed Paymaster in the United
States Army, serving in that position to
the close of the war. After the war Mr.
Fithian went to Richmond, Ya_, where he
went into the banking business.
In the early '70's he went to New York
and became private secretary- to "Boss"
Tweed. During his connection with Tweed
Mr. Fithian met the lady who now bears
his name. Sho was Miss Conley, a daugh
ter of Alderman Conley. When the late
Governor Tilden became Governor of New
York Mr. Fithian went to France, where
he resided until 1876. On his return to
this country he became interested In the
American Railway System, with offices in
New York, London and Paris. Five yc»r»
ejgo he came to Santa Barbara, becoming
at once active in all public matters. Two
years ago he erected a fine block on State
■treet at an expenditure of $100,000. His
country seat at Carpinteria is the finest
in this county. His wealth is estimated
It $1,000,000.
Besides his widow, Mr. Fithian leaves a
daughter and two sons. The daughter
was married last year to Count Arthur
de Gabriac of France. The deceased was
a. member of the Loyal Legion and stood
high in the Masonic order.
Returns as From the Grave.
WOODLAND, March 26.— Harry Le
l.ind. who has been gone from Woodland
for HKht ycnrH and who had been given
Dj) by Mi .I,'v'J parents as dead, has been
from H<- is In Seattle, having
iv returned from a long residence
llii/'i.
Death Strikes in Woodland.
WOODLAXD, March 26.— Mrs. Mary
Ryan, a pioneer and a native of Ohio,
died here last night. She was 65 years
of age.
WHAT GANG
RULE COST
SAN JOSE
Taxes More Than Doubled
Under the Present City
Administration.
Enormous Shortages in Four Mu
nicipal Funds Because of Cor
rupt Methods in Official
Circles.
SAN JOSE, March Robbery of the people as the result of "gang"
rule is shown in a startling and unmistakable manner by the present finan
cial condition of the city treasury.
' According: to records, estimates and information obtained at the office
of the City Treasurer and City Clerk there will be an enormous shortage
at the end of the current fiscal year— 30, 1898— in favor of the funds un
der control of the Mayor, Common Council, City Clerk and City Treasurer,
of not less than $14,610 10.
Despite the fact that this condition has threatened the city for some time,
and has been repeatedly called to the attention of all who are responsible for
it, extravagant contracts have been let, fancy and extortionate prices
have been paid for supplies and materials, unnecessary labor has been em
ployed, uncalled for and undesirable improvements have been ordered, and
many illegal claims have been allowed and paid.
In all these matters the guilt lies on the four Councilmen, while in some
of them It rests partly at least on the Mayor, the City Clerk and the City
Treasurer. The Mayor and the City Clerk had the right and it was their
duty to withhold their approval from unjust and illegal claims against the
city, and it was equally the right and duty of the City Treasurer to refuse
payment on claims that were simply part of the "gang" scheme to sys
tematically loot the city.
Here are the figures taken from official records and estimates that show
the condition of the Street Contingent, Street Light, Fire and Police funds on
March 21, IS9B.
STREET CONTINGENT FUND.
Cash on hand * 888 17
Uncollected taxes available between now and July 1. ISDS 7,400 00
$.8,283 17
Unpaid claims against this fund 7,012 84
Estimated expense of this department for the four months from March
to June, inclusive 8,372 00
$15, 84
Estimated shortage * "•° 96 n
STREET LIGHT FUND. *
Cash on hand • 636 00
Uncollected taxes available between now and July 1, IS9B 5,040 00 t
$ 5,676 00
Unpaid claims against this fund 2,27150
Estimated expense of this department for the four months from March
to June, inclusive 6,000 00
$ 8,271 50
Estimated shortage ' 2.595 50
FIRE FUND.
Cash on hand • * *•"•* ™
Uncollected taxes available between now and July 1. 189S 11,200 00 ;
* ■ $12,342 23
Unpaid claims against ■ this fund ..$2,146 16
Estimated expense of this department for the four months from March
to June, inclusive .■......-..■....■.. 13,200 00^^ M
Estimated shortage • ••• *3 m 93
POLICE FUND.
Cash on hand * ™ ®
Uncollected taxes available between now and July 1, 1898...... 7.250 00
. - . • $ 8,050 40
Unpaid claims against this fund „................$ 1,964 40
Estimated expense ol this department for the four months from March
to June, inclusive • .$ 8,000 _
Estimated shortage ............:..$ 1,914 00
SUMMARY.
Street contingent fund shortage • ••••• * 7,096 67
Street l**ht fund shortage , ™,
Fire fund shortage — ; I'qii on
Police fund shortage • _____
Total estimated shortage in these four funds : $14.610 10
This shortage will result from the payment of what may be termed
fixed expenses only. There will undoubtedly be a large amount in the
aggregate required for incidentals, and there may also be a considerable in
debtedness for which bills have not yet been presented to the City Clerk.
The total amount of taxes in round numbers collected or collectible
for the current fiscal year is $220,000, and nearly one-half of this is ap
portioned to the four funds mentioned, yet there promises to be an un
avoidable shortage of $14,600 in these funds, or nearly 15 per cent of their
aggregate amount.
But besides the amount of $220,000 raised by the city tax levy of $125
on the $100 on an assessed valuation of nearly $18,000,000 worth of property
the people of San Jose pledged themselves in the past year to raise an
additional amount of $115,000 by means of bonds, the payment of which will
come out of their pockets eventually.
It will thus be seen that the extravagance of "gang" rule has this year im
posed on the people of San Jose the payment of taxes which virtually
amount to $1 88 on the $100, as against a tax rate of 85 cents on the $100,
which prevailed previous to the advent of the gang. In other words, the
tax rate, and consequently the amount of taxes paid by every property
owner, have been much more than doubled since the "gang" was allowed to
run the city's affairs.
Where the man of small means formerly paid $1, $2 50, $5 or $10 he
must to-day pay in excess of $2, $5, $10 or $20. Where the man of large
holdings paid $500 or $1000 he must now pay $1000 or $2000.
If this vast difference in the amount of taxes paid in the past and
at the present time went into commensurate improvements for the ben
efit of the city and the people, there would exist no
cause of complaint or ground for reform. But no man has
any such belief. On the contrary, there is no contention- as to where
this excessive tax money has gone. It has been drawn out of the city
treasury by every trick, ruse and device known to skillful and experienced
plunderers of public funds, and the people have simply stood by and seen
themselves robbed in this manner almost without protest.
These facts became known to intending investors- and homeseekers, and
the result has been that capital and people have been deterred from coming
to San Jose, despite all its numerous and powerful attractions. Not only this,
but there are many people who are awaiting the outcome of this election to
decide whether they shall continue to live and do business in San Jose or
move to other parts. These are well-known facts. If the "gang" wins there
will be an exodus from the Garden City. If the New Charter Club ticket is
victorious there will be an influx of capital and population, and consequent
prosperity for laborer, business man, manufacturer and capitalist.
The remedy lies with the voters. It can be effectively applied on April
11, the day of the municipal election. There are two complete tickets In the
field. The so-called "People's Municipal Ticket" was created, and is being,
nursed and supported by the "gang." Its election means continued ills of the
kind set forth, and stagnation, if not retrogression, for San Jose. The New
Charter Club ticket comprises men nominated and supported by the New
Charter Club, which represents all that is best in this community. Every
candidate was selected because of his honesty, integrity, ability and known
freedom from any entangling alliance with the boss, or any member of the
But after all this is not a campaign of individual candidates. It Is a
campaign of principles. Behind the "People's Municipal Ticket" is the gang,
with extravagance, corruption and boodle as the basis of its platform. Be
hind the New Charter Club ticket is the New Charter Club, the Good Govern
ment League and all the decency and respectability of San Jose. Its prin
ciples are economy, honesty, integrity and good government. It is for the
people to make their choice. Personal friendships and preferences should not
be allowed to govern. The impending crisis should cement every voter in
favor of the much-needed reform, and , the New Charter ticket should be
voted straight from top to bottom. A vote for any other candidate is virtu
ally a vote for the "gang." '.-.."•
WILL OF E. W. ROOT.
Executor Pace Appeals to the Court
to Have It Probated.
TULARE, March 26.— E. W. Root, a Tu
lare pioneer, died in this city on March 19,
at the Central Hotel. Dr. H. L. Pace was
named as executor of Root's last will and
testament. He has appealed to the court
that the will be admitted to probate. The
devisees of the will are Mrs. M. A. Edgar
and Mrs. Emily Treadway, both of Kan
sas City, sisters of deceased. The es
tate consists of land, irrigation bonds,
notes, bank stock and cash in hand. It is
Valued at upward of $70,000.
Root was a bachelor living alone on liis
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
ranch a few miles east of town, where he
had resided for nearly twenty-five years.
He was 65 years of age. The will was ex
ecuted March 13 in the presence of Dr. H.
E. Reid of Madera and James Mason of
San Francisco.
Griffo Wins on a x'oul.
RED BLUFF, March 26.— The glove
contest to-night between Young Griffo
and "Young Peter Jackson" of Denver
was won by the former on a foul In the
fourth round, when Jackson picked him
up and threw him heavily to the floor.
Griffo landed on Jackson as often as he
pleased.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
HEAVY FROST
FOLLOWS RAIN
Grain as Well as Fruit
Destroyed in Santa
Clara.
Damage the Greatest Expe
rienced in Years in the
Valley.
Downfall of Snow Covers Foothill
Regions With a Mantle
Of White.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 26.— A cold wave
struck Santa Clara County last night,
and after the soaking rain of yester
day morning a heavy frost resulted.
Great damage was done to cereals.
The entire almond, peach, apricot and
prune crop of the valley was destroyed,
as well as the grain. Vegetables suf
fered to a great degree. The farmers
say it is the worst frost that e.ver
struck this section at this time of the
year, and the damage is greater than
ever before known.
BAKERSFIELD, March 26.— 1t began
raining about 9 o'clock last night, and
before the shower was over .26 of an
inch had fallen. The mountains are
heavily mantled with snow low down
on the foothills. The weather is quite
cool and there are indications of more
rain to-night.
PORTEKVILT_E, March 26.—Fifty
six one-hundredths of an inch of rain
fell here during last night. About three
inches of snow fell during the precipi
tation and remained on the ground till
the sun shone on it this morning, when
it soon disappeared. A few more show
ers would insure a crop of hay.
MARYSVILLE, March 26.— Competent
experts agree that the probable dam
age to the several crops from frost has
been greatly exaggerated, so far as
this section is concerned. A prominent
fruit-grower, who has interests in
Butte, as well as Yuba County, sums
up the situation as follows:
"Nearly every year the cry goes up
that the frost has killed all our fruits,
yet as spring hurries forward the trees
either put out buds that were dormant
or the examiners overlook many buds
that were not killed, for the crop turns
out quite fair. The river bottom or
chards this spring have suffered se
verely and some of the owners assert
that the almonds and apricots ha vn
all been killed. I do not believe it.
Not but that the owners think they
are telling the exact truth, but because,
as a rule, they are always more scared
than hurt. Mark my words, there will
be much more of a crop than fruit
growers now think there will be. The
same conditions do not prevail over
the whole of Butte County, and while
in some orchards all the almonds or
apricots may be killed, yet in others
at a higher altitude the fruit is not
injured in the least. The county, there
fore — and what is true of one foothill
is true of all — will have a pretty fair
crop of all kinds of fruit."
The cold snap, while putting a "rag
ged edge" on the grain in Yuba and
Sutter counties, has not injured it to
speak of, and all over this section ths
crops look welL
ADVERTISEMENTS. !-..- J .- Jj-.-...^-...J j-.-...^-...
, f / IT CURES THESE:
1 :^l\ YrJ / Nervous Debility./
V\\\ I f sS Nervous Debility,
\ A^fcN^// / Pains in Ba:k and H 'P S -
\\\ J=S3SK~ | N^^7r r *" -^ Rheumatism. Sciatica,
\^^\^^^^M^'L^'l/// y l^^ Weak Kidneys. Lumbago.
— _ Vancocele and its effects.
—^(|(CTnfcWi^)^^^~" Indigestion, Dyspepsia.
- ~^^^/I«l\^L^ XA^i^ I^^ Sleeplessness and* Lost Memory;
"~~ =^^(|c»)^i^J^')^-^-<7^-\ . Failing Vigor in Old Men,
* ' "^^^^l^lk^V I\X /^4vr-^\ Female Weakness>
-r-^^^^^/uQ\\raX-Z^V^ ' i^^^^^Kis And all the effects of excess. over
/ -^^** j!B^S^®jp^s\ ? j) \ v§|^ work and worry.
Are you not as vigorous in your nerve and///, V\T '^t^'fl^^^j^ ' /V \
vital forces as you should be? Do^ou find y^^/^i J^-^m\^^^^f^^m %% l y
strength giving way too early ?/Tlave\ou' strong " v y
muscular power and weak vital po^wefs\?\\Do you V /= 'IX \
notice that your capacity forAbusiness\\fijcly' J^-'j K& Ys^QsM[^i?^^H\ \
pleasure is waning ? All these ire signs"of die/y'loss -^/^
of vital nerve force— Electricity— from Jyourybody T ml^ r *e\v^ > \o^i N^ \
Replace it and be a man. GitMtk Nature's vitality. SSe^^^^ftfffl^
which you have wasted by indiscretions orYxcesses. r^hr-^l rfc-itrf*^). 'im ji T
This is the age of progress^ means^s\ 7Zj
been found for the - restoration of vigor.^^\v /j? / /
Dr. Sanden's EfeQtric /'Belt.
Never failing in its invigorating powers, it has made thousands vigorous, men out of as many
weak, despondent creatures. It will cure you if you are weak. three Glasses^of Men" is a very valu-
able treatise- on the restoration of manhood. If you are weak, get it at on^e:; It is f ree^application, ;
and will point out a course by which you can become a healthy and happy man. \\ / )-~ r ,
Dr. Sanden's' Electric Belt has a regulator, and the electric power\can be turned on mild- 01
strong at will. No other Belt made has it. ; v \\ - / ;
Act to-day. In a matter of this kind-a matter which concerns the^hapjsmess not onfy of ;
yourself, but of your , family and friends, of your future general ions-you should not delay.
-, — " X /^
O-AINH)E]N EL_<JLLiO 1 i""(.lO OU,, "oppTpalace Hotcl^San Francisco. '
NOTE— Make no mistake iii the number— 632 Market Street. I; / , "■ ■ J .-;
Oftice hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.. Sundays. 10 to i. Branches' at Los Anjieles.Cal.'Oa l^ Sou Broadway.: .Portbnd. Or.. 251
Washington street; Denver. Colo, gsi'Sixtoenth^trt-ct. I <iii}- I "rxl'.-JSs'M.iiri i street. , ; ; I .'"/ ■>. — . j
DROWNING OF
FOUR MINERS
Lost Off Unalaska by the
Capsizing of a
Boat
Perish in an Attempt to Cross
Dutch Harbor in a
Storm.
Their Cfaft Found Bottom Upward,
but Search for the Bodies
Is Fruitless.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 26.— 1n the dark
ness of the stormy night of March 6
i four men met death while trying to
j cross the narrow bay between Una
! laska and Dutch Harbor in a small
boat. The unfortunate men were John
C. Doern of St. Louis, Mo., Peter J.
Doern of St. Louis, Mo., C. A. Andrews
of Ironton, Ohio, and F. H. Tracy of
i Cincinnati, Ohio. They left Unalaska
; late Sunday night to go across to Dutch
! Harbor, where they were stopping. The
j night was very squally, but the wind
comparatively quiet when they started.
■ Soon it began to blow and in the morn
j ing the men were missing. The boat
' was found in Summer Bay by boats
from the United States revenue cutter
Bear. No trace had been found of the
bodies up to the time the steamship
| Bertha left Unalaska, which was on
: March 11.
John C. Doern and Peter C. Doern
were father and son. They had left
their happy home in St. Louis to go to
Alaska and had stopped off at Una
laska to prospect. C. A. Andrews and
F. H. Tracy were employed by the
North American Transportation and
Trading Company. All four had spent
the afternoon with friends at Unalaska,
They had crossed the narrow bay in
their boat and desired to take the
craft back with them when they left
in the evening. By walking a mile and
a half around the end of the bay they
could have reached Dutch Harbor and
would not have had to cross the bay.
The path was wet and slippery and
they would have had to leave the boat
behind, so all four entered the craft
and pushed out Into the bay.
The storm increased shortly after
they left the shore. In the morning
they had not arrived at Dutch Harbor
and searching parties were organized.
The United States cutter Bear sent out
several small boats and Agent Walter
Ferguson of the Northern American
Transportation and Trading Company
sent out men. A boat from the Bear
finally discovered the missing boat on
the beach in Summer Bay. It was up
side down and the bottom was badly
smashed. Near by was found the hat
of the elder Doern.
It is supposed that their boat cap
sized and in the storm and cold the
men quickly sank. Search for their
bodies was kept up for several days
without success.
Doern leaves a widow and several
children in St. Louis. Andrews leaves
a widow. A letter from her addressed
to him reached here to-day. Tracy had
a mother in Ohio. The effects of the
men were brought down by the Bertha
and will be sent East.
FEAR INVASION
BY SHEEPMEN
People of San Bernardino
County Are Up in
Arms.
Oppose a Plan for the Opening
of a Forest Reserve to
Stock.
j
Believe It Would at Once Endsin.l'" 1
the Mountain Water
Supply.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 26.— The
San Bernardino forest reservation is in
danger of an invasion of stock, and as
a consequence the water supply c-f
some of the principal cities of this
county, to say nothing of a vast num
ber of irrigation and power schemes
about the valley, is threatened. It had
been generally known for some time
that the dry season threatened to pro
duce famine among the live stock, but
in this section people thought little of
the matter, as there are no sheep and
few cattle in the county. Until this
year no sheep had ever been found in
the county, and now only two flocks
are located here.
A scheme, however, has been discov
ered which causes the gravest appre
hension among people. Sheep men of
Orange and Los Angeles counties have
been working around, and, with the
aid of a few sheep dealers of this coun
ty, have prepared a petition to be sent
to President McKinley urging that the
reservation here be opened for the sea
son to sheep and cattle.
They have converted Senator White
to the scheme and it is said B. T. Al
len, the Forestry Agent, also is favora
ble. The agitators have got to the ear
of local Supervisors by representing
that thousands of head of sheep and
cattle could be saved at no detriment to
the county, and without giving the
other side a hearing the chairman of
the board was instructed to sign the
petition.
The people heard of the action, and
raised such an uproar that the signa
ture was withheld pending a reconsid
eration. Interviews with a majority of
the board show that the action will be
revoked.
The people were strongly opposed to
the measure and hold that the relief
would be insufficient and only tempo
rary and the county would be imme
diately be overrun by thousands of
head of stock, which, when the feed
gives out, would die and endanger the
health of the people. The sheep de
stroy the foliage on the water sheds,
thus irreparably damaging the water
supply.
For these reasons a fierce fight Is
being made to save the reservation.
Outside sheep herders feel so confident
of winning that already flocks have
made their appearance in this county.
Fully 10,000 sheep have been driven in
in the past few days. They have not
entered the reservation, but are for
aging on the borders and valley bot
toms. This is but a hint of what will
occur should the reservation be open
ed, and the residents are much wor
ried over the prospects.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. __[__ :
Experts Mystified
Real Diamonds are no better for
all purposes than the \
Barrios JpjL a'
Diamonds J>wU/| : -
We are the sole agents in the United State*
tor th<nte marvelous semi-precious stones, whl«»
;.i.- th« nearest approach to Genuine Diamond*
t,v*>r Uncovered. For the purpose of Introducing
tli«-rr» quickly to the public we will forward
either
Ring, Pin, Stud, Earrings
(Screws or Drops), at
S^lAJfe (EARRINGS ARE
© il| I $2 PER PAIR).
W mW If/ our guarantee.
aji A-\i • § 'is These atones are guar«
' t^- i %Zfstts3TA anteed to retain their
HH._ _ _ __» lustre forever: the
TFJII W ■■mountlngH are heavy
'£Es I" Ml ill rolled plate andarewar-
JDfLJTtWI* ranted for five years.
SPECIAL CAUTION :
Do not confound genuine Barrios Diamonds
with so-called Unlne-stones. Parisian Kongo.
Karvta-Kora White Topaz or other imita-
flon stones? regardless of what the name may
be The genuine Barrios Diamond is the only
stone ever discovered that will retain Its .bril-
liancy and has no artificial backing. It Is the
Rich Man's Substitute and the Poor Man
Diamond. All others are simply manufactured
from chemicals. Genuine Barrios Diamonds
are equal to real diamonds as to looks and
W Th% a offer l "m t la K SS t a Suya".hort time longer
and is subject to withdrawal without notice.
If it can be shown that we have ever re-
fused to replace a stone that did not give
satisfaction.
MAIL ORDERS.
A Beautiful, Brilliant, Genuine Barrios Dia-
mond, mounted in a heavy ring, pin or stud,
will be sent to any address on receipt of One
Dollar. In ordering give full directions and
state whether small, medium or large stone la .
CAJMHIXE SKTGAIXn, the prima donna
of the Walter Damrosch Opera Co., writes:
"Barrios Diamonds are lustrous and full of
fire. They are magnificent substitutes for gen-
uine diamonds for stage purposes."
CAMILLE SETGARD.
CARRIE GAT, the charming actress of the
"In Town" Company, writes:
"While playing on the road I found Barrios
Diamonds objects of great beauty and useful-
ness." CARRIE OAT.
Money promptly refunded if goods ara not as represented
BEWARE OF IMITATORS.
Address Mail Orders to .
BARRIOS DIAMOND CO.,
EDISON BUILDING.
42 and 44- Broad Street, New York.
Mention San Francisco Call.
AUCTION *
OF REAL ESTATE
Probate, Executrix, Executor, Admin-
istrator and Miscellaneous Sale ■
MONDAY, APRIL 4, 1898
At 12 o'clock M.
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery Street
THK FOLLOWING PROPERTIES:
HENRY WASHBUKJT ESTATE
Executrix and Executor's Sale
First— Kos. 122-21-26 Utah street, went line, south of
Alameda street, near junction of Tenth and Brannan
streets and Potrero avenue; 3 2-story houses of 5 rooms
each; stable and barn; rents, $23; 125x100.
Second— South of Park block No. 715, bounded by I
»nd J streets and Forty-third and Forty-fourth avenues,
being only one block south of tbe great Golden Gtita
Park; 240x600; equal to 50 lots; 4 corners.
Third— North line of Cumberland street, distant SOS
feet west of Church street; lot, 50x114.
Fourth— East line of Ninth avenue. 350 feet south of
H street; 100x120; beine only a half block from the en-
trance to Golden Gate Park.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT
To close Estate of Ellen Bernard, deceased
Nos. 11 to 17K Oak Grove avenue, northeast »ide,
southeast of Harrison street, between Fifth and Sixth
streets, several bouses; rents, $126 per month; 75x112K,
"WEBSTER STREET RESIDENCE
N(l. 627 Webster street, between Hayes and Grove
itreets; nice 2-story residence of 9 rooms and bathj
brick foundation, etc.; 37:6x137:6.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE
No. 643 Folsom street, southeast line, between Second
Hid Third street*; 2-story frout and rear Leftists; rent* ■
146; 30x82:6. with an L 9:6x28.
ALEXANDER McGREGOR ESTATE
Executor's Sale
First— No 338 Twelfth st., bet. Folsom and Harrison
streets; old 3-story house; rents, $13; irregular lot.
Second-N05:422-24-2G Eleventh street; between Har-
ifßon and Bryant streets; 3 buildings renting for $32 per
month; 68:9x137:6.
Third— Building and leasehold No. 660 Bryant street;
2-»tory building used for blacksmith and carriage-
maKinff shops.
Fourth — No. 8, Fruitvale Homestead Association.
Fruit Tale, Alameda county, containing 9.03 acres, being
i abort distance from Fruitvale avenue- electric can.
PAGE STREET RESIDENCE LOT
I South line of Page street, 87:t> feet west of Laguna
street; lot, 25x87:6, with L 12:6x50; street accepted-
LOUIS RASMUSSEN ESTATE
Administrator's Sale
No. 34 Powell avenue; 2-story house of S room! and
Bath; brick foundation; 25x100; being handy to both
Mission and Valencia streets car lines, and about one
Mock south of Twenty-sixth street.
M.A.ROUKKB ESTATE
South San Francisco Investment
Nos. 1522-24 Sixteenth avenue South; 2 flats of 4
rooms each; rents, 116; 30x100; being only one-half block
torn the Third -street electric <ars on Railroad avenue.
BRIDGET O'DAY ESTATE
Administrator's Sale ' *
South line of Twenty-fifth street, 25 feet east of Bry-
lot avenue; lot, 25x90.
MART C. GRANT ESTATE :
Executor's Sale -"' ,;; ;2 : i-V ■'
No. 822 Fremont Street, southesat of Folsom st.; real,
lence of 13 rooms and bath, etc., etc.; lot, 24:3x100, to
3 rant alley. c
Further particulars, catalogue, etc., cheerfully given
it our office. > , . ..••:-
G. H. tTMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers
14 Montgomery Street'
SDR. BALL'S REINYIGORATOR
Five hundred reward for any caa*
ive cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses In -24 hours, cures
Emissions, Ira potency, Varlcocele,
Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
feats of self-ab'iseor excesses. Sent
sealed $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; giiar
anteedtocure. Address HALLS MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland, CaL Also
for Bale at 107344 Market St.. S. P. : All pri-
vate diseases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
NOTARY PUBLIC;
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
nQO AIAKKET ST., OPP. PAJLAjCM x<
VP OO : Hotel. Telephone 670. KealaeniM in* '
Valencia street. Telephone. •'Cburca" Is.
•'-..■ .-,-..■■■../ . ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
The immense crowd of happy, lucky purchasers who left our stores Friday and
Saturday carried with them such values as were never before offered by any reputable
business house. Monday will see another chance for you or your friends to buy at this
remarkable sale Finest All- Wool Business and Dress Suits, Overcoats, Hats and Furnishing
Goods generally at "Just One-Half Price."
Figure out the saving to you and you can plainly ascertain that here at this sale an
Overcoat, Suit and entire wardrobe of fixings all go at the price of one garment.
MEN'S BUSINESS SUITS, neat pat- | ALL OUR 50c. MEN'S AND O^r MEN'S TROUSERS, the regular
terns, stylish designs, regular C "5 ftft BOYS' GOLF CAPS; Half Price.... •*»*-»*' $150 Tweed and Cheviot TE^p
price $6; Half Price «3>J»UI/ kinds, well made; half-price ■ "-**■'
MEN'S ENGLISH COVERT TOP MEN'S TROUSERS, formerly
MEN'S ALL-WOOL BUSINESS AND COATS, perfect fitting and very swell i*2 50; Tweeds. Cheviots and
DRESS SUITS, cut extremely fashiona- garments, also all our fine Melton and | Fine Cassimeres, half- $| 25
ble; regular price $10; half CR (\(\ Kersey Overcoats; regular price ftfi QQ ; prlce ••••
Price ..f. .. «3K>.UU jl2;j 12; Half Price l?w ' VV| - _
' MEN'S NEGLIGEE and STAN-
— ' ; LEY SHIRTS, former price T^r
MEN'S STRICTLY ALL-WOOL CHEV- YOUTHS' SUliri. those beautiful, stvl- i 50 cents; half price AJt
lOTS TWLI.DS AND CASSIMERE ish, up-to-date garments, formerly sold ;
BUSINESS AND DRESS SUITS, reg- for 18; ages 14 to 19 years; Half C 1 QQ MEN'S FINE 75c GOLF Q7l r
ular price $12; Half Price Cg QQ Price I " TIUV SHIRTS; half price *2L2 L
~~~~ ~~ "~ ~ CHILDREN'S SUITS those beautiful. ; PERCALE SHIRTS; half- fi7V
MEN'S SPRING STYLE HATS, all our stylish Children's Suits formerly Cl 25 price U^ 2 C
$1 Derbies and Fedoras, good Ctf|r sold for $2 50; Half Price «4Ji.^s^
styles and shapes; Half Price.. • £ _^ _ colqrfd
— CHILDREN'S SUITS, new Spring style nFßuVAf^^lf^lrl N " 25C
ALL OUR FINEST $2 HATS, DER- Children's Suits, elegantly trimmed and PEiVK EAR. half-price....
BIES AND FEDORAS; Half $L()0 sold always at $4; Half Price.... $2 . 00 Your choice of all our FINE-
e ' RIBBED BALBRIGGAN UNDER-
— ■ 'WEAR; worth 50c; half- 25c
$3 LATEST SPRING STYLE DERBY CHILDREN'S TROUSERS, all Trous- price "
AND FEDORAS; Half Price.. $, #5() ers formerly sold for 25c. per^C MEN'S 75c SWEATERS. qq 7 l f
V " ' ' " j half - price J ■ 2^
ALL OUR 25c. GOLF CAPS, for |^l ALL TROUSERS formerly sold 9K r r?£it^rU>J 1 ° SWEATERS - 75C
men and boys; Half Price "^2** for 50c. pair Jl ; nair price
' — • i 25c SUSPENDERS; half- |91 r
price IX
B idL-AJIT-i Filled fop ail goods as odveptised - a **** s . u . ? " RS: - half " 25c
v s-—^>* ■« 1 -v 1 1 i ■■» *— «« Send for our booklet with tape- 2 ~~ — ~ "
E ORDERS line and rules for self-measure- 3 J& NECKWEAR, half- X 2\ C
jo nient. Sent free fop the asking. «
\ V 3& .." A^'". OS . E . : ..... ha lOC
25c HALF-HOSE; half- |71 r
s Drice lA 2^
):M% Bk^ M m ** - lili !' MwM 2» c LINEN" CL~FFS; all |A r
WA &Jk ' £ W W 1 BEE shapes; half-price IW '
i '-' ____ " BLJm Spring patterns; half OR r
H iSUfcaHiiM/tJeiadi WNKP ■■■BHBBIKMBBBBBHHBDHHBB ice ■* Jl
"ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST" o^J^f^p^^: 25c
CLOTHIERS, HATTERS AND FURNISHERS, C oc bar coats; half-price
924=930 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. 23 r butchers-, waiters 7
TELEPHONE MAIN 5654. and COOKS' APRONS; half- »2|C
TELEPHONE MAIN 5654. price lz z c
HERE'S A
PRIVATE
CONTRACT
Improvement Work
Adjacent to Alamo
Square.
Agreementßetween Con
tractor and the Street
Department
Supervisors Invite Bids to Do
Work Which Has Been
Done and Accepted.
HIGH FIGURE FOR CURBS.
Pretended Public Competition May
Develop an Unexpected
Bidder.
The history of street paving in San
Francisco repeats itself. A few days
ago The Call described some peculiar
transactions growing out of a private
contract to pave Fell street in front
of the Panhandle of Golden Gate Park.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE OWT
DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS,
1128 Market St.,
■^ SAN FRANCISCO.
Thompson's Cold and Grippe Care,
Cures grippe and cold in the
head in one day,
Price 25c
SPRING MEDICINES FOR WEAK NERVES,
Thompson's Dandelion and Celery Tonic,
Regular price $1.00,
Cut to 60c
Baker's Honduras Sarsaparilla for the
Blood.
Price 75c, 3 bottles $2.00 ,
Dr. Ira Baker's Tar and Wild Cherry ,
Balsam,
Safe, sure and quick, cures
Coughs, Colds and Bronchitis.
No cure no pay.
Price 25c a Bottle.
It was shown that the contractor could
not. collect his money for the work
under the private contract, which the
Board of Supervisors authorized the
Street Superintendent to enter into,
and that the board, to cure the record
and open the avenue to the treasury,
invited bids for the paving after all
the work had been done. On this
proceeding the contractor who per
formed the original work obtained *the
public bid on the figures of the private
contract, and thus secured his money.
The contractor who had performed the
work under the private contract se
cured the contract on public competi
tion because no one could afford to
take up the bituminous rock pavement
which he had laid and then put down
a new pavement at the figures men
tioned.
It transpires now that the Supervis
ors at the last meeting of the board
invited bids for certain work adjacent
to Alamo spuare, which work has
already been done under a pri
vate arrangement with the Super
intendent of Streets. The Call uses
the term "private arrangement" advis
edly, as the Street Department con
fesses its inability to produce the pri
vate contract or any record of private
contract.
There was a private arrangement
between the Superintendent of
Streets and J. J. Dowling for
curbing and grading the sidewalk on
Scott street from Fulton to Hayes— two
blocks — and on Hayes street from
Pierce to So<itt — one block. The con
tract price was $1495. In this transac
tion it crops out that Dowling was al
lowed 90 cents a lineal foot for curbs
when the ruling price is 65 cents.
When the work was done and the au
thorization had passed the board for
payment Mayor Phelan vetoed the al
lowance, petting forth that contracts
could not be mafJe in that manner. The
authorization was passed by the bonrd
over the veto <>f the Mayor, but th*
Auditor stopped payment. The amount
was segregated into sums less than $'.00
each, but the Auditor held that the seg
regation was an evasion, as the de
mands were for one continuous piece of
work.
To enable the contractor to get mnnov
for the job the board last Monday
pasted a repoiution of intention to per
form the work in the regular form lor
puMic comp.-tition and bids were :n
vited. Unless s-orhe hitch occurs th«
Supervisors to-morrow will n-.vard the
i n 'ract to Dowling at the figure*
which governed the private arrange
ment between the contractor and the
Street l"»epartment.
It is understood that there are some
bids to go in for the Alamo square
work, because the grading already
done by Dowling will stand to the ad
vantage '>f th« bidder. What wrll hap
pen in the board in the event of some
body underbidding Dowllnjj can only
be conjectured. The work has been
done, but there is no record of a con
tract for doing it, and there is no
memoranda as to the price other than
that shown in the bill rendered.
Several New Incorporations.
Articles of incorporation of Weinstock.
Lubin & Co. of San Francisco wore filed
in the County Clerk's office yesterday by
Eugene G. Davis. David Lubin. H. Weln
. A. Bonnheim and E. Bonnhoim.
The directors have subscribed $100,000 to
ward the capital stock nf $500,000.
The Bown Mining Company has been
incorporated by John M. Wrieht. \. .»jam
J. Rule. Philip Howe. George Rowe ar.d
E. S. Vance.
Weary of the Matrimonial Yoke.
Mac Eleanor Stolle commenced suit for
divorce against Robert Stolla on the
ground of cruelty.
Vtnceat M. <J. Courtoia has been sued
for divorce by Kmilie Courtois on the
ground of Infidelity.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted Em
ma Rhoades a divorce from Samuel A.
Rhoades on the ground of willful nvjjlect.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
LATEST NOVELTIES IN SPRING
GOODS.
Direct Importations of a Most At
tractive Character Shown by-
O'Connor, Moffatt & Co.
Many there are who are unaware of
' the magnitude of some of our local re
', tail establishments as compared with
! those of Eastern cities. The people of
San Francisco sustain with the firm of
O'Connor, Moffatt & Co. the largest
dress-goods department of any city
west of Chicago, while the trimming
department of this firm is the equal
of the largest of any in the country. A
visit to their splendidly appointed store
i revealed a model commercial enterprise
teeming with activity and displaying
lan abundance of rare goods that
I seemed infinite in variety and tasteful
:to a degree. The firm has always oc-
c upied an enviable place in the public
! esteem, supplying as they have always
; done an unequaled stock of selected
! French importations and choice domes
: tic products. In anticipation of an
j early spring the management has with
characteristic enterprise and fore
thought stocked their shelves with the
I cullings of the world's markets, which
■ will prove a veritable revelation to
j those who admire the choicest selc
; tions of dress goods and their appurte
nances.
A point to be considered by the ex
ponents of fashion is that this firm are
direct importers from the leading Eu
ropean manufacturers and make an es
pecial feature of securing in their finer
grade of goods not more than t\v<> and
in the majority of cases only one dress
pattern of each style, so that the pur
chaser is assured that the material of
I her particular costume will be exolu
i sive. To describe the bewildering stock
of delicate and artistic patterns dis
played in detail would be impossible,
i but it Is sufficient to call attention to
the following special leaders that this
year will command popular approval.
Bayadere patterns are woven in all the
richest fabrics, whether of silk or wool,
and for the season will be a pronounced
characteristic of swell costumes. In
black goods the very latest French nov
elty is the shirred chiffon and plaid
grenadine that are the acme of the
weaver's art. while the ribbon-striped ;
estamins, poplin cord and silk-finished i
j armures are assuredof great popularity.
All black goods of the house are impor
tations for the reason that the best
Ldyea are of foreign manufacture.
[Doubtless the most startling and styl
ish effects in colored goods are those
shown in the plaid grenadines of two
colors in both plain and crinkled effect,
while the two-tone brocaded grenadines
are very rich. A newly introduced nov
elty, meeting with popular demand, is
the border popline, the borders being 1
in black. Color or tucking. Aside from
these dress goods may be mentioned
French poplin and poplinettes, both in
plain and variety of effect. Crepons
also and a splendid assortment of
French and English tailor suitings are
shown in large quantities. The silk de
partment is replete with new and be
wildering patterns, over 300 varieties
being shown in this section alone. Con
spicuous is the latest thing, the black
moire and satin pattern with Baya
dere waves; also plaid and check silks
of brilliant coloring are very handsome,
and will be much worn this season. The
skirt and waist department is full to
overflowing with the latest and choicest
' productions in these popular goods.
The firm maintains as a. separate de
partment under the management of la
dles exclusively the corset, skirt, waists i
and muslin underwear. Infinite varie
ties arc shown in grenadines, organdies,
dimities and all cotton fabrics that are
woven in duplication of all the more
expensive varieties and stylish effects.
Plain goods are to be found in abun
dance, and the accessories that com
plete every toilette are temptingly ar
rayed. The firm is the sole agent for
HARRY GILLIG'S NEW ROLE
He Will Shine as a Minstrel in the New
York Lamb's Club Tour.
Harry Gillig's many friends will be interested in learning that he is now in
Paris having his splendid voice polished off preparatory to a frisk with the
New York Lambs' Club next June when they will go out upon the road, with
a monster minstrel company. Instead of confining their "gambol" to New J- 0 ™-
City, they will this year make merry in seven performances in seven of the
largest cities of the United States. ,
The company will include all the prominent American composers, singers ana
comedians in the country, and these artists will receive the smallest salary that
has ever been paid by the profession, each one having signed a with
the manager, to give his services for the seven performances for the sum ol
one dollar. ...
Ilarrv Gillie wfll make one of a quadruple quartet, when the pubhc wm
have an opportunity of hearing his superb voice, which should have been
given to the world long ere this. Hi.= friends, enthusiastic as to this wonderful
gift, have always contended that had he not married an heiress and SD « nt the
years in travel he would long ago have directed his best efforts toward delight
ing vast audiences. His voice, which is a pure tenor of marvelous richness and
mellowness, has had little or no cultivation. During his days at Harvard, ha
received five lessons from Professor Adams, who accepted the modest little
stipend of $20 in exchange *or a few minutes of his time. But the professor
was so charmed with young Gillig's voice that he offered to fit him for the
operatic stage, only asking in return that he would promise him a certain per
centage of the proceeds accruing from his first year's engagement.
Patt! also averred that the young man had a brilliant future before him on
the lyric smge. and urged him to give up everything to that end. Some years
ago, when Adellna Patti was making one of her farewell tours of this State,
Mr. Gilllg. with several of his friends, happened to be in Los Angeles when she
arrived there. Going to the hotel, one evening, the young men serenaded her,
and so huge was her enjoyment of the performance that she joined them in
their choruses, and finally invited them into her apartments and insisted upon
the young tenor singing song after song to her while she listened in ecstatic
silence.
Harry Gillig is the son of John Gillig, and was born in Sacramento some
forty years ago. He is a member of the Bohemian Club, and, in 1889, married
the "divorced wife of Porter Ashe, who, before her marriage with Ashe, was Miss
Amy Crocker. Since his marriage, he and his wife, with Frank Unger, as a
traveling companion, have spent the years in globe trotting. He traversed the
length and widtn of India, endeavoring to find the Logi or Wise Men, that ha
might see their wonderful exhibitions of the black art. Although he never
found them, he picked up many of the tricks of the fakirs, and seated cross
legged upn;i the floor, he can give as pretty and clever a performance as one
could winh to see.
Mr. Gillig is also a well-known club man in New York, and tremendously
liked, being the most popular commodore that the Larchmont Yacht Club has
ever had. It is almost safe to predict that, unless the spots upon the sun
develop into another world, and knock the poor old earth into smithereens,
it will not be many years before Mr. Gillig's friends will have an opportunity of
seeing him in grand opera.
A Popular Club Man, Born in Sacramento,
Who Has a Phenomenal Voice and Wide
Experience,
Frorr) a photograph by Tabcr.
the celebrated Reynier glove for ladies,
and carries the Dent glove for gentle
men. In all departments of this vast
enterprise ICO efficient employes are em
ployed, and courteous and intelligent
attention characterizes the firm's every
relation with the puV>!ic.
FORCING HER TO THE WALL.
The Creditors of "Mammy" Pleasant
Ask to Have Her Declared In
solvent.
Mary E. Pleasant, the old colored
woman, better known as "Mammy"
Pleasant, who has for years wteMed Bach
powerful influence ovr-r Mrs. Teresa Bell.
widow of the late Thomas Bell, has been
forced ir.to Insolvency. A petition was
filed in the Superior Court yesterday .ink
ing that she be adjudged an Insolvem
debtor. Among the petition creditors are
the following, who hol<i claims against
her for the sums opposite their names
Charles Brown & Son. $101 30: Julius Diet
rich & Co.. $65 25; The J. Dewing Corn
puny. Jim X; \V. E. Chamberlain Jr RB*
M. Seligman. $2SO; Mary A. Farrer
Isaac Livingston. *^99 99; Conrad Herman
J1200; Thomas R. Hobson. $1237. The cred
itors allege in their petition that Mrs.
Pleasant deeded a valuable piece of prop
erty in Sonoma County to Mrs. Boil in
order to avoid paying her just debts.
The atmosphere is so clear in Zululand
that, it is said, objects can be soon by
starlight at a distance of seven miles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ISaveMo n ey!|
V\ OF JliP "Up-to-Date" Den-
o5Jv ". . r $A* f v^ tistry for half the usual f£
price at the original &!»
Ws£r^_ <* Electro - Dental par- E^
_^| <^ ___ -^S : "?^^--> ' or --'' rr ' 1^ an^ Market. J»
L ~^^- Bewaro of imitators.
2^; '^^- PullSotof Teeth.:.V.for»s HO up &
V? $iJ \(f^ ° ctarpe for' ■ Extracting S^'
■ .. V """J ■r&%\ ity Teeth when plates are ordered. f^^fc'
Open until 10 P.M. i Sundays 10 to 2. G. W. KLEISER, D.D.S. E
3 VAN VROOM ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, &
Cjg 997 '.•:-. MARKET AND SIXTH— PHONE JESSIE 1695. j^
PACIFIC STATES LEAGUE.
Santa Cruz and San Francisco to
Open the Season at Central
. Park.
The Pacific States Baseball League
will begin its regular season to-day at
Central Park, the contesting teams be
ing tho San Franriscos and Santa Cruz.
Thf> local team numbers many old-time
favorites, who have put up good ball in
the past and are capable of doing more
good work. The Santa Cruz team is al
w.tys a drawing card here on account of
its meritorious playing, and it will
bring with it a big delegation of towns
people who are willing to pit their boys
against any nine that ever donned uni
forms. tJame will be called at 2 o'clock,
with the following make-up:
Pan Francisco. Positions. Santa Crux.
Mi-rt-s ' Third base Deveraux
Drews Catcher C. Daubonbis
Johnson or Perrine.. Pitcher Balz
fUlej Second base Arrelanes
M<-Ouire First base Fitzgerald
Gemmell Shortstop Williams
Mclntfye Center field Ptreib
VValtroiis Right field McGrath
Gormley L#ft field Hopkins
THE OLD FRIENDS.
Last Wednesday night at a large meet
ing of the membership there was present
ed an interesting programme of song,
music and debate and a collation was
served to all present.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR" 7^
AN EMINENT SCIENTIST'S WORK.
The above illustration Is from a painting by Eugena Bauer. *'<~JRI
CONSUMPTION, COUGH and CATARRH
THE FASHIONABLE DISEASES.
Discovery That Makes These Diseases No
Longer Feared.
MEDICINE AND ADVICE FREE.
His Laboratory a Mine of Health— lts Bene-
fits Open to the World.
SEND IN YOUR APPLICATION.
There are a great many people in this
world who are coughing, hawking and
spitting themselves Into their graves.
Are you one of them?
It is by some considered FASHION-
ABLE to be sick, but when the sick-
ness has run its course and the end of
life Is near— lS IT FASHIONABLE
THEN.
"Hope springs eternal in the human
breast."
But hope may be too strong.
You may hope that your cough is
nothing very serious, that your catarrh
will go when the warm weather comes,
that consumption will spare you when
it strikes others.
What is a good name for such "hope-
fulness"? Carelessness? Thoughtless-
ness? Foolhardiness?
It is better to KNOW than to HOPE.
You can only know that you are
SAFE when you are perfectly WELL
and free from sickness.
You can easily learn the way to be
well, if you wish it. It is the system of
an eminent scientist, whose advice you
can obtain free, and who is giving to
those who need it free medicine to alle-
viate their sufferings.
Learn to be well that life may be
worth living, for disease is one of na-
ture's punishments to those who per-
sist in remaining ignorant of her ways
and rules.
Your blood draws its life from the
oxygen it gets in your lungs. When
sick lungs cut off the supply your body
wastes away for lack of nourishment.
$100 TO ANY MAN
WILL PAY $100 FOR ANY CASE
Of Weakness In Men They Treat and
Fall to Cure.
An Omaha Company places for the
first time before the public a Magical
Treatment for the cure of Lost Vital-
ity, Nervous and Sexual Weakness, and
Restoration of Life Force in old and
young men. No worn-out French rem-
edy ; contains no Phosphorus or other
harmful drugs. It is a Wonderful
Treatment — in its effects — pos-
itive in its cure. All readers, who are
suffering from a weakness that blights
their life, causing that • mental and
physical suffering peculiar to Lost
Manhood, should write to the STATE
MEDICAL COMPANY, Suite 903, Ram-
age Bldg, Omaha. Neb., and they will
send you absolutely FREE, a valuable
paper on these diseases, and positive
proofs of their truly Magical Treat-
ment. Thousands of I men, who have
lost all hope of a ' cure, are being : re-
stored by them to a perfect, condition.
This Magical Treatment may be ta-
ken at home under their direction, or
; they will pay railroad fare and hotel
' bills to all who prefer to go there for
I treatment, ■if ■ they fall to cure. They
i are perfectly reliable; have no Free
Prescriptions. Free Cure. Free Sample. j
I or C. O. D. fake. They have ' $250,000
! capital, and "■■ guarantee to ; cure every
case they treat or refund every dollar;
or : their charges may be deposited in
a bank to be paid to them when a cure
is effected. Write them to-day.
/-* J • . CUREDwhiM
Stricture^s-
Pr. Carter'! GRAN-SOLYF.NT Boujifs Trill <U*lo4fc, digest
lad farerer remoTe CreUml STBICTUKS In 15 d»T». Booklet
' dl»a!Tc Is thrt« boars, raring while jcu (Jeep. ' Cart* Gleet
tad Fnlurrit rrasute.' Valuable irtuUc free. ' '"-':■ '.> ' -
ST. JAMES ASS'K, Dept. T. BUND HILL. Q.
WfliMi In i inn iiiiiii i i n Ii ii n i i .
This Is consumption.
The germ that fastens on weak lungs
and eats them up is the consumption
germ.
The lung Is made easy for it to at-
tack by colds, coughs, catarrh and sim-
ilar troubles.
Slocum's System, which drives all
these diseases out of the body, builds
the lungs, kills the germs, creates new,
natural, visible LIFE in your worn out
body — regenerates you completely and
gives your system a NEW LEASE of
life in a COMFORTABLE BODY— this
system, which all doctors, chemists and
scientists are talking about, is one of
the most valuable discoveries of the
times.
It is a result of the Investigation of
Koch. Pasteur. Virchow, Metchnikoff, a
reduction of all the various theoretical
suggestions of these eminent men — by
an equally eminent man, to PRAC-
TICE.
The Slocum System is fully explained
and exemplified in a new pamphlet just
off the press, which should be read by
every thinking person.
Sent to you on application, with
Three Free Bottles of the Doctor's New
Discoveries, which have revolutionized
the theory and practice of medicine.
To obtain these valuable preparations
mention this paper, and send your name
and full address to The Slocum Labo-
ratories, Slocum Building, New York
City, when they will be sent you, on the
simple condition that you employ them
for the relief of suffering and do not
write out of idle curiosity.
THE
1 Jlli
WEEKLY
CJILL
' It Publish^ the Cream of tt»
\J. News or the Week and
! MANY ATTRACTIVE I AND
1 ORIGINAL FEATURES.
I — -
, IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
[ PAPER ON TUB
! PACIFIC COAST
I The Best \ / Mining
I Telegraphic \X Newc That
' Service on /N. Is Accurate
The Coast / . \&uptodat»
'-. Not a Line of it Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
! it Dry or Uainteresting.
i ,
Bright, Clean, A Champ •»
I Thoughtful. .Troth. ■. , \f
! ' — —
' A CALIFORNIA newspaper
. ALL THE TIME.
'it ADVOCATES i SENT BY
i home mail, $1.5*
, INDUSTRIES 1 AYU&
910
THE HARES RAN WITH
PHENOMENAL SPEED
Talent at Sea at the Ingle
side Coursing
Park.
Shortenders Were a Surprise
on Numerous Oc
casions.
Hares and. Hounds Were Full of
Ginger and a I_arc?e Crowd
Witnessed Good Sport.
The hares and hounds were full of
ginger yesterday at the Ingleside Cours
ing Park, and as many fast ones were
entered the money was freely played into
the pool boxes, but the talent undoubted
ly fell short on the day, as many unex
pected things happened. The sapling
stake aroused considerable interest, and
the way the youngsters followed the
hares tends to show that ere long some
stake winners will be developed from
among them. Jimmy Anthony's States
man ran a particularly good race against
Fair Florence, when it is taken into con
sideration that Statesman had never be
fore started after a hare in competition
with another hound, and the owner was a
trifle nervous about the way the sapling
would work, but he went at it like a vet
eran and gave Fair Florence, who will
run inside the money to-day, a hard tus
ele for the course.
The worst throw-down during the day
•was the Johnny K-Decorator course in
the all-ag* stake. Johnny sold 6 to 1 on
the long end and was beaten after a long
go. Decorator, however, sijowcil clever
ness, and it should have been remembered
that at one stage of the game he as it
sapling was a runner-up to the clever
Itosette. Myrtle also nurt the talent by
beating Glen Roy in clever style, with
money as good as 5 to 3. Mohawk was
another short-ender, and, in fact, the
talent was completely at sea during the
day, as short-enders seemingly performed
miracles. Just why Mystic Maid .sold
favorite over Mohawk is hard to deter
mine, but money was played at 5 to 3.
A large crowd was on the ground to
witness the run-down, and to-morrow a
great deal of interest will be taken in the
ties. Without doubt the all-age stake will
dwindle down to Moondyne, Eclipse and
Tod Sloan, with Coralie inside the money.
Fair Florence in the sapling stake
showed more speed and cleverness than
Daisy Dean and should run well. Here
is how it happened:
In the Sapling Ptake J. Quane's Marietta
boat Dillon & Reilly's Revolver; Carney &
Kellly'B Fair Florence beat J. Anthony's
Statesman; W. C. Glassen's Petronius beat
Kay & Trant's Innlsfallen; W. C. GlaKsen's.
Daisy Dean beat .J. Kuan's Maid of Erin; J.
Shea's Rathbone beat J. J. Edmonds' Morning
Glory; Lynch & Mahcr's Lottie M. b»-at Deirk
elman & Panarlo's l'rinee George; J. yuane's
Thad Stevens beat J. Ryan's Gleaming; M.
London's Sandow beat Carney &. Reilly'a
Speculation.
In the all-ape stake Larkpy X- Hook's Myrtle
beat Deckelman &. Panario's Glen Roy; Con
nell Bros. Senurita beat W. Dalton's Lady
Napoleon; Deckelman K.- Panarlo's old Glory
beat James Byrne' a Nelly Ji; *;. Smart's Silk
wood a bye: D. Kaher's Belle of Moscow beat
T. McHufih's Ludy Hill; IS. Murphy's Tod
Hoan. beat M. Glynn's Nell; J. Dean's Moon
dyne beat W. B. Sink's American Lady; Deck
elman & Panario's Decorator b»;it T. Cronln's
Johnny R; Kay & Trant's Sylvia beat F.
Brown's Alma; Kay & Tram's I'arrnody beat
y. O'Connor's Valley Star; J. Slink's Firensa
beat G. I'into's Hercules; R. L". Lee's Coralie
beat Lynch & Maher's Dakota; J. Mnrnaae's
Flashlight beat J. McCormlck'a Black Prince;
James .Byrnes' Mohawk beat Lynch & Maher's
Mystic Maid; D. Hooper's Koo Lawn beat J.
Murnane'B Valley Maid; Kay & Trant's Eclipse
beat T. Cronins Magnet; D. Leonard's Uentl
cilong beat D. Dunlea's Handball; M. Micba
llk's Fireball beat I. Burkes Little Pete; P.
Gibbon's Tullermore b»-a.t Lynch & Ma her s
Lurllno; J. McCormick's White Lily beat P.
Casserl.v"s Ranger.
Following the rundown of the day's stakes
a consolation was drawn, to be run off In con-
Junction with the ties to-day. The draw re
sulted as follows: Magnet vs. Nell; Lady Na
poleon vs. Dakota; Valley Maid vs. Black
Prince; Glenroy vs. Nelly B; Hercules vs.
Mystic Maid; Johnny R vs. Lurline.
The winners of the consolation event should
be Magnet, Dakota, Black Prince, Glenroy,
Hercules, Johnny R.
Tbe probable winners for to-day in the Sap
ling Stake are Fair Florence, Daisy Dean,
Kathbone, Sandow. and in the all-age stake
Myrtle, Old Glory. Tod Sloan, Moondyne, Syi
vla, Coralie, Flashlight, Eclipse, Bendalong,
"White Lily.
Reception to Marion Crawford.
The Forum Club will give a reception
to Marion Crawford at their clubrooms
on Sutter street from 3 to 5 o'clock on
Monday afternoon.
"Play Ball!" Said the Umpire and the Crowd Smiled.
Roeklin Belle Dumped the
Talent at Union
Park.
Lord Byron Ran a Poor Race
Against Mountain
Beauty.
The Call Tipped Eighteen Winners
Out of Twenty-five
Courses.
Out of twenty-five courses which were
held yesterday at I'nion Coursing Park
The Call tipped eighteen winners, conse
quently those who followed The Call's
prognostications found themselves well in
pocket at the end of the days sport.
It was noticed yesterday that in some of
the courses the dogs that were expected
to run up to their past records were found
Badly wanting in speed and the managers
of the park will not be hitting very far
from the mark if they will appoint a
committee on investigation to report the
methods of training that have been
adopted by some dog owners, who not in
frequently house good dogs for a week
previous to a meeting with the object of
having the dug run stiff when he is cailed
upon to handsomely defeat an opponent
Whose past performances are liot of any
particular note
It is a very easy matter for the owner
of a good dog which is drawn against a
much inferior animal to conceive some
plan wherein the short end in the betting
will land him a handsome winner.
As predicted in The Call of Saturday,
! the hares which ran yesterday were top
i notcher.s, and with few exceptions they
carried their pursuers the entire length
of the field.
The judging and slipping were very good
and as a result excellent sport was wit
nessed by the large' concourse of people
who attended the meeting.
in the race between For Freedom and
White Chief the betting was 10 to 1 in
favor of the importer dog. but the Chief
demonstrated when he reached the hare
after it had been turned from a straight
lino by For Freedom that he was in the
swim. He made two turns and a kill,
thus scoring even points and a no course.
In the run off the imported dog. got a
I good hare and won rather easily, but
I the general opinion is that Freedom will
have to show marked improvement in
form and in running over yesterday
to win the long end of the big stake.
Rocklin Belle ran a beautiful course
I against Joy Beils. The latter was an
I 8-to-l favorite and was beaten pointless.
If the Lady from Kocklin wins ncr
course to-day against Lissak she will
stand an excellent chance of running into
the money and will need watching.
The Veteran stake, with the age limit
I to live years and witn eight entries, will
| be run to-day.
The result of yesterday's meeting is as
: follows:
Move On beat Terrona; Lady Grace beat
| Premier; Grasshopper beat Lady Perm; Bonita
i beat War Cloud; Kilkenny Girl beat Arapa
hoe; Mountain Beauty beat Lord Byron; Forget
beat Red Light; Promise Me beat Gilt Kdge;
For Freedom beat White Chief; Pretender
beat Carmen; False Flatterer beat Burlington;
Bonanza beat Fair view; The Turk beat
Sportsman; Blackstone brat Bryant; Rusty
| Gold beat Green Valley Maid; Flying Buck
| beat Magic; Vigilant beat Fair Helen;
1 Commodore beat Victor; .Santa Alicia beat
Lily; Tom Bell beat Ray Alfonso; Llssak beat
Hiirkaway; Rocklin Belle beat Joy Bella;
Cavalier beat Douglas; Fear Not % beat Mys
tery: Flyaway beat Gannon Pasha.
The probable winners of the run-down In to
day's meeting are: Move On, Bonita, Moun
tain Beauty, Promise Me. For Freedom, False
Flatterer, Bl:>ckstone. Flying Buck and Rusty
Gold. Very close — Commodore, Santa Alicia
i Itocklin Belle. Cavalier. Flyaway a bye.
Convention of Baptists.
The annual fraternal convention of the
First Free Baptist Church of Oakland
and the Union-square Free Baptist
Church of this city was held at the con
vention hall of the church on Bush street
yesterday afternoon and was one of the
most successful entertainments of this
character ever held. Robert Philip Graif
delivered an eloquent address on me sub
ject of the "Churcn of the Living God,"
which was followed by the reading of
the regular reports, which concluded the
convention.
TOT T NG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
The grand ball that is to be given by
Institute No. 1, and which is to be pre
ceded by an entertainment, will take
place in the Native Sons" Hull on April ZL
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission,
THE SAX FTCAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
THE SWAT OF
THE BALL IS
HEARD AGAIN
Opening of the Regular
Season of the Califor=
nia League.
Brass Band and Carriages and a
Swift Game at Recrea=
tion Park.
It was just like the opening of a sea
son in the halcyon days of the old
Haight street grounds, except that
Johnny Mone, with his magenta-col
ored whiskers, and Uncle Henry Harris
and hi.s Trilbys were not in evidence.
But Colonel T. Persimmons Robinson
was there, as per announcement, and
the regular season of the California
Baseball League was inaugurated un
der the protection of the national
agreement with all the eclat to be ex
pected upon the revival of the great
American game.
After exhibiting his aggregation
| along Market, Kearny and Montgomery
streets, the Colonel steered the proces
sion out to the grounds, where a large
and impatient crowd was assembled.
| All the orphan asylums in town had
sent delegations of future stars,* in re
| sponse to the kind invitation of the
j management, and when the procession
I entered the field there was a great
cheer. It was late, and but lit
tle time was wasted in prelim
! inary work, so after the ball had been
I passed around a few times the Oak
lands withdrew, leaving the locals and
Garden Citys to contest for initial hon
ors.
And the game; it was a hot one, as
shown by the time it was played in —
an hour and thirty-five minutes, and
when the trouble was over, the San
Franciscans knew they had been to
war. Manager Bunker presented the
aggregation almost in its entirety that
last year was known as the Califor
nia Markets, and were thought to be
the masters of any in the State. With
the exception of 11. Krug and Stroecker,
whose work was off-color, they put up
an excellent quality of ball, swatting
the sphere hard and often, and clos
ing with one of their finishes that
promised for a time to put them in the
lead. They played ball right along un
til the last man was out. To Lee's
wildness in the second may be at
j tributed the defeat. With two men
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
>-.v 809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION-ROOM— NO. 7.
V, : ", Consultation— FREE. : •
\ Jo "A Sl M [fuP fk f FREE! To demonstrate our Painless
\M\Vr :/ W * iJpyC Methods we will devote One Hour each day
V. #©>V V\ A/ A/^yfoV iS FREE ACTIONS— IO to 11 A. M. - The
WJ* vV W/" /V V * /*> Clinic is always ahead in Advanced Dental
-VVs\». /f^rTTyS^SWftk. *-Jjm» Science. No student employed.
<&& * ' t^ffiWi 'L-~ — %n£ ' For the next 30 days our prices will be:
- ■——,  .^i'</ffll <T^T:. FULL SET OF TEETH f0r.. ......;. $4 50 up
i Z_K«' *S>'y- '< f%T^ >" GOLD CROWNS, 22k ....................: 350 up
— - — W; fyy/& / <£s*~^ - • ■-'■-■ BRIDGE WORK, per t00th............:. 3 50 up
««i^S^v sMw^/a.! - uM STLVER FILLING 35c up
-^^^DO M^^^^-AbWTHIS GOLD FILLING .......................... 75c up
/jM*''r > $iffi'MS it CLEANING TEETH 50c up
FOR /F/ll^ Y9^ A Physician Always in Attendance.
jS W> ¥ "\\ Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.
— ---.ill', 1 .• \- 'i FILLED «•: '; - ", linV' ITTFNTIANT
TFFTH^ §L---"~ : M CROWNED LADY ATTENDANI.
I LL I .1 1 V^Ji ■7« W Bridzework PHONE DAVIS 654. ?
WITHOUT PAIN. - ■ ;„ : . ■ DR. T. E. STRONG.
Office Hours— 9 &m.tolo p. m.; Sundayß 9to 2 p. m."t'^?^? ! SsKCsBi*iSsSß
m&sSsMm x,\~-'-: -: .-.■■..■ ■ T ->- ! i- - ■•••-.-•-? -.■ \-.?: j : /:;... •■;-•.■•■ ; ;-"*•.■:-■■'•"..■>
out and two on bases he gave Sheehan
his base on balls and after that four
hits sent in as many runs.
Manager McGlynn furnished a gen
uine surprise with the strong team he
put in the field. It had been asserted
that San Jose would not present a nine
worthy of the name of ball players,
but their work yesterday showed them
to be very much in the game. Ford's
stick work was the most noticeable in
cident of their efforts, and, in fact, of
the game. Four times at bat that
young man shot a triple, a double and
two singles without any apparent ef
fort.
The home team had first chance and
H. Krug punched the second ball
pitched over into left for the first hit
of the season. Although his brother
duplicated the hit, the team could not
tally.
But it wag different with the visitors.
They went right to work and the ball
changed twice as the result. After Wil
liams had struck out Fountain sent up
a high fly which H. Krug dropped.
Ford drove the ball to left center for
three bases, Pyne slipping while sprint
ing to head it off. Fountain crossed the
plate on the drive with the first run.
Sheehan hit to short and Ford was
caught at the plate. Stroecker threw
wild to second to cut Sheehan off and
the runner kept on to third. Then Van
Norden sent a grounder down to Kel
ley and was safe on the latter's wide
throw to first, Sheehan scoring. Hall
was given his base on balls, but Collins
ended the inning with a high fly to
Pyne.
San Francisco failed again in the sec
ond to connect, but San Jose didn't.
With two men out Williams hit to left
and stole second. Fountain duplicated
the shot, sending Williams to third.
Ford punched oat another single in the
same place, scoring Williams, and then
Sheehan was given his base on balls,
causing so much disaster. Van Norden
lifted the ball up against left field
fence for two bases, sending two men
home, and Fountain crossed the plate
on H. Krug*s high throw to head him
off. Five runs in all were netted in the
inning.
The locals scored once in the third
inning. Pyne, the first man up, was
hit by the pitcher and took second on
Lee's single to right. Murphy's long
fly to Hall advanced him to third and
Fountain's fumbie of K. Krug's
grounder allowed him to reach the
plate.
Nothing was done in the fourth, but
Ban Jose made another notch in their
shingle in the fifth inning on Sykes'
long drive to left for two bases, his
clever steal of third and Fountain's
sacrifice fly to left.
In the seventh the visitors increased
their lead by two more tallies. Wil
liams, after two men were out. was
given his base and stole second.
Stroecker allowed Fountain's third
strike to get by him, giving the batter
his base and sending Williams to third.
Both men scored on Ford's third drive,
a double, but the batter ended the in
ning by failing in his attempt to get
home on a passed ball.
The local men took a brace in the
eighth and made a pair. Lee reached
first on a fly which Van Norden could
not get under. H. Krug touched off a
double. Murphy dropped the ball in
front of Wheeler and went out at
first. K. Krug sent a hummer over
third, and on Collins' error Lee and
his brother scored. Hearty sacrificed
and Brockhoff was thrown out at first
by Fountain.
In the ninth they added four more
buttons to their string, and although
they played like fiends they could not
win out. Kelly, the first man up, was
safe on William's error, and Stroecker
was presented with a base. Pyne filled
the corners with a single to left. Then
Lee drove a double to deep center for
two bases, sending in the other three
H. Krug made a little infield hit and
stole second, Lee going to third. H<»
scored on Murphy's single to right, and
it looked as though the good work
■would continue on indefinitely, but X
Krug sent out a fly to Sheehan, who
sent the ball to second before Murphy
could get back to his base, and termin
ating the affair with the following
score:
San Jose— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, s. s s 2 l 3 o 2 1
Fountain, 2b 5 3 10 4 2 1
Ford, c 4 14 2 6 0 0
Sheehan, 1. f 4 2 0 0 2 2 0
Van Norden, o. f... 4 1 1 0 3 0 0
Hall, r. f .-3 0 0 110 0
Collins, 3b 4 0 0 113 1
Sykes, lb 5 1 2 2 10 1 0
Wheeler, p 4 0 1 0 0 4 0
Totals 3G 16 10 S 27 14 3
San Francisco— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
H. Krug, s. s. & p.. 5 1 3 0 1 2 4
Murphy, lb 5 0 2 0 7 0 0
K. Krug, 2b 5 0 1 0 3 2 0
Hearty, 1. { 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
Brochoff. r. f. & 3b.. 4 0 0 0 111
Kelly. 3b & s. s 4 10 0 13 1
Stroecker, c 3 1 0 0 6 3 4
Pyne, c. t 3 2 1 0 2 0 0
Lee, p. & r. f 4 2 4 0 0 10
Totals 33 7 11 0 24 12 9
Runs by Innings— 123456789
San Francisco 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 4—7
Base hits 20101102 4—ll
San Jose 2 5 001020 •— lO
Base hits 1 4 1 1 1 0 2 0 •— lO
Three-base hit— Ford. Two-base hits— Ford,
H. Krug, Murphy, Lee, V;in Norden, Sykes.
Sacrifice hits— Hearty (2), Krug. First base
on errors— San Jose 4, San Francisco 3. First
base on called balls — Lee 4. H. Krug 2, Wheeler
1. Left on I'a.ses — San Jose 9, San Francisco 6.
Struck out— By Lee 2, by H. Krug 2, by
"Wheeler 1. First base on hit by pitcher— Pyne.
Double play— Sheehan to Fountain. Passed
tails— Stroecker 2. Wild pitches— Lee 1, H.
Krug 1- Time of game — lh. 3. r ,m. Umpire— Mo-
Donald. Oflfctal scorer— T). N. Knowles.
Manager Ewing's colts from across the
bay will take a fall out of the local men
to-driy, Pan Jose going to Sacramento, to
inaugurate the season there, while Stock
ton and Fresno will meet at the latter
| place, provided the grounds there are in
condition to play on. Among the year
lings who will cavort in Oakland's colors
will be Lou Hardie and Tip O'Neil. The
latter will cover second. Game will be
called at 2 o'clock, and the league has
provided an additional attraction in Jim
Jeffries, the heavyweight pugilist, who
will assist McDonald in umpiring the
game.
Nearly all the boxes have been sold,
and if the weather is at all propitious, an
immense crowd will be present, for both
teams have been practicing hard, and a
hot contest is promised.
The highest recorded price for an orchic
in London is 300 guineas.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TSTHE WORKING CAPITA OFIU'MAXITY
-■- He who loses that is wrecked Indeed. Is your
health biting you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
FA/ Cq
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
SAN Francisco, CAU.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONICandPRIVATE
Diseases, even In their most aggravated forms.
There Is no physician In the world who has
effected so many permanent cures, many of
which other physicians of acknowledged ability .
had given up as hopeless.
NERVOUS DEBILITY <""> mi of its
ElbtlVUUd UEBILIII attending ail-
ments, of YOUNG. MIDDLE-AGED and OLD
MEN. - The awful effects of neglected or improp-
erly treated cases causing drains, weakness ol
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the back,
loins and kidneys and many other distressing
symptoms, unfitting one for study, business, mar-
riage or enjoyment of life.' Doctor Sweany can
cure you, no matter who or what has failed.
UfCllf BIEII "'■ restores lost vigor and
fWLHIV 1111. 11l vitality to weakmen. Organs
of the body which have been weakened or shrunk-
en through diseases, overwork, excesses or Indis-
cretions are restored to full power, strength and
vigor by Ills own successful system of treatment.
BtlinTlinC Cured by.hisnew method with-
_ X I UllC out > kniK', truss or detention
from work— a oainlesSjSiure and permanent cure. >
UAOlfftflnCl C Hydrocele, swelling and
I AII iMUWtUEj tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success.-.
CVDIIII 1C an(l a 'l diseases of the Wood
3 I rfilfblV promptly and thoroughly cured
and every trace of the poison eradicated from the
system by Dr. .Sweany's own successful treatment ,
PRIVATE DISEASES, WSSSS
strictures, which if neglected or improperly
treated break down the System, cause kidney and
bladder diseases, etc.
DISEASES OF WOMEN. £rss
-ial attention given to all their many ailments.
UfDITC If you are aware of any trouble
if 111 Id I>O NOT DKLAY; call on J>r
Sweany to-day. If you cannot call, write him. His
"•aluable book free to all sufferers. — \ ■: r .
A£lll_Bll TBTlf)_l _S3CC and con fl-
UUItvUL lAE i"H rHCC rientialjit
office. or by letter. F. _.• SWEANY, M. D., 737,
Market st ."opposite Gr;i!it ave,S«n Francisco. CtU.
Hours: Vto 12. 2 to 5, 7to 8; Sundays 10 to 12.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUfN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From . September 10. 1897, trains will run as .
follows: ..-___ •"• ' - •'■
>' Southbound. ' I I•" Northbound. :~~
~Passen- Mixed tat , on « 4-v4 -v Mixed Passen-
ger ■..- Sunday j slauon9 - Sunday , per ■
1 Dally " Exc'p'td — ; Exo'p'td Dally.
.T .a i a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 6:10 p. m.
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 :i.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno . ■ :30 a.m. 2:20 p.tn
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. Hanford . :45 a.m. 1:15 p.ui
13:15 p.m. '6:45 p.m. xVisalia ■ 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p. _.■
. Stopping at Intermediate po Snts wnen requlro-l :
; HIIHUM I Dim ' At atockton'w.ih steamboats ot
C. N. &'I. Co.; leaving San • Francisco and
Stockton it 8 p. m. dally; at - Merced ' with
ctages to and from Snellings, Coultervltle. etc.;
also with stage for Horn! to*. ' Martpou, * eta.;
•t Lanker»hlai with «tags to and from Uad«r_
Kidney and Uric Acid Troubles Quickly Curled.
You May Have a Sample Bottle of the Great Discovery,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Sent Free by Mail.
Men and women doctor their troubles der disorders or troubles due to kric
so often without benefit that they get acid and weak kidneys, such as catirrh
discouraged and skeptical. In most of the bladder, gravel, rheumatism
such cases serious mistakes are made Bright's Disease, which is the wfcrst
in doctoring and in not knowing what form of kidney trouble. It corrects! n-
our trouble is or what makes us sick, ability to hold urine and smartingiin
The unmistakable evidences of kidney passing it. and promptly overcoites
trouble are pain or dull ache in the that unpleasant necessity of bebg
back, too frequent desire to pass water, compelled to get up many times dur%g
scanty supply, smarting irritation. As the night.
kidney disease advances the face looks The mild and the extraordinary effatt
sallow or pale, puffs or dark circles of this great remedy is soon realizet.
under the eyes, the feet swell and lit stands the highest for its wonderfti
sometimes the heart acts badly. Should cures. Sold by druggists, price fiftr
further evidence be needed to find out cents and one dollar. So universally
the cause of sickness, then se* urine successful is Swamp-Root in quickl|
aside for twenty-four hours; if there curing even the most distressing case^
is a sediment or settling it is also con- that to Prove its wonderful merit you
vincing proof that our kidneys and may have a sample bottle and a booK
bladder need doctoring. A fact often of valuable information, both sent ab-
overlooked is that women suffer as solutely free by mail, upon receipt of
much from kidney and bladder trouble three two-cent stamps to cover cost of
as men do. postage on the bottle. Mention the San
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is the dis- Francisco Sunday Call and send your
covery of the eminent physician and address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
scientist and is not recommended for hamton, N. Y. This generous offer ap-
everything, but will be found just what pearing in this paper is a suarantee
is needed in cases of kidney and blad- of genuineness.
Conductor : I don't know how I would get along if it wasn't for
Kipans Tabules. We men here on the road are
always in such a "hustle," and get so little timi
to eat and have to swallow our food so quickly,
oo wonder we have dyspepsia. I know I suffered
with it for nearly two years before I got "onto"
the Tabules, and 1 was in misery all the time. I
constantly had pains in my stomach and chest, and
a dizzy feeling about my head. My bowels didn't
work regularly, and I felt " mean " all the time. I
6aw Ripans Tabules advertised so much I bought
some, and after taking them for a month felt lika
a new man. I have a boy who was troubled with
indigestion, and gave some to him. They proved
to be just what he needed.
BAHEOAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANGISGU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 13:15.
S;3O. 6:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at Ol:30 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at I:3*
and 11:30 p. ra.
BUNDAYS— B:OO. »:JO, 11:00 a. m.: 1:10. 3:3 a, ,
6:0 SA 6 N O RAFAEIi TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«: 10. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip* ;
6U ND : AY&^:lo : f°9f4o.^i:lO a. m.: 1:40. »:«H
6UNDAyS-8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:49,
Between Sa^'Franclsco and Schuetaen Park
tame schedule as above. ■
Tiam •» mJi!!* Arrive
San Francisco. | l^fgf Pan Francisco.
.griffs !Doßaon_! DoBaon_ SSi IBg
7:Soa.m.|S:oOa.m.] 'Novato, 10:40a.m. | ! 8:40.-vm.
3-aip.rn. y:;«)a.m. Petalnraa. C:lop.m- 10:203.m.
6:l(jp.m. io:(JUp.m. ! Santa Rosa. 7:asp.m. t:i2p.m.
~ Fulton. „ „.
7aoa.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
! GeyservlUe,
7:30 p.m. 1 3:00 a.m. I Cloverdale. ' 7:35 p.m. : 6:23 p.m.
. ■ I : Hopland and I
7:30a.m.|3 00a.m.| Uk'.ah. [ 7:35 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
7-3Ua.ni. ~ ■" 1 10:25 a.m.
' 8 :00 a.m. Gnernevlll& I 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. !_ _J 6:?2p.m.
7 -SOa-m. 8 :00a.m.! Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
S-10pm !. > :00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
S!sn:s:'s : <**"«»*- l^ifeS:! 1
£tases connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs- at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
CToverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Pomp, Potter
VanVy John Day's. Riverside. e , rle y> Buck-
neirs Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvillf, BoonviUe.
Or"s Hot Springs. -Mendoclno City,. Fort :
Sa turQ^ to °M^nda^ Irouna-trlp1 rouna-trlp Ucket. «t »-
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
* U O^ d Sundays round-trip ftckets to all point,
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
• Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronl&t.
bU A ld W FOSTER. ' " AX. RYAN.
Prea. and Oen. Maaagar. Gen. Pairs. Alt
Ir^^^^^Sl CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
!»»K^K|! SAN FRANCISCO
|[migl^^^MS| Chicago.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
- BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers. -
3 ! /4 days to ■ Chicago, 4VS days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., currying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
. fast time. ■'- Direct connect: n in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. •
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone Main i
! 1520. .Oakland office. 1118 ■ Broadway. Sacra- j
| mento office, .. 201 J street. ' San Jose. 7 West
] . Santa Clara street. . :
NORTH PAGING COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausalito Ferry. '
From Ban Francisco. Commencing ■ September
„ ; 1!>, 1897. , ■
.WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and : San Rafael— •9-m
11:30 a. m.; ■ '1:45, 3:45, • •5:15.: 6:00. 6:30 p. m!
Extra trips for San a Rafael ;. on :■. Mondays.'
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
■"■...-': • SUNDAYS. . t-.. .*:•.■•
For Mill Valley and San : Rafael— *S:oo. . '10-Ml
•11:30 a. m. *1:15. 3:00, . "4:30.. 6:15 p. m. ;
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. • .
- .w . THROUGH .TRAINS. ---;.- .
1:16 a. m. week days tor Cazadero and way sta-
tlona; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for :
Duncan v Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. i m. '
Sunday. lor Point Keye. and way stations. I
EAILEOAD TRAVEL. |
BOUTIII'.ItX I»A*;I*'IC COJIPAST.
(PACIFIC SSHTEH.)
Train* lenve nml in* dim to nrrlf* at
SAN IIUXISttI.
> (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) v -
tEAVE — From January 1. 1898. — AKBira
•aroOA Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:45 a '
7:OOa. Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a ,
■ 7:OOa MarysTille, OroTilleand Redding via
Woodland 5 : 12
"?:OOa Vacaville and Eumsey 8:45*
?:3Oa Martinez, Sail Ramon, Vallejo, Xapa,
Oalistoga ami Santa Ro3a 2sl3'2 s13 '
8:OOa Atlaati- Impress, Ogden and East.. 8:43»
».<:»»A Nile». San Jose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marys»iUe, Chico,
Tehamaacdße.USlurf. «tl»p
•S:3Oa Peters, Milton and Oakdale "7slBp
9i«m»a New Orleans Express, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, Uakerslield. Santa
j:.u)«ara. T.os Antjeles, Demi.ig,
El l'aso. New Orleans and East. «:43*
9:OOa Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno.. l*:1.1p
•I:OOr Sacramento River Steamers "HiOOp
1 :OQp Niles, San Jose ai;d Way Stations. . I»s loa
I:3oi' Martinez and Way Stations 7:48f
2:00p Livermore, Mendota, Uanford and
Visalia .........;....... 4:135
Uvercaore, San Jose. Niles and Way
5tati0n5............ UOiISa
4:<M»r Murtiiif-;:, San Itamcii, Vallejo. ■
Nnpa, Calistoga, Xl Verono and
5antaR05a.......... •iI»A
4:oOp ßenicia, VacavUie, Woodland,
Knights lauding, Marygrille. Oro-
** Title and Sucriiiiiento !•!«■•
4liSOp Niles, San Jose% Tracy and Stockton .. 7il8»
4:30p Latlirop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
:■ Fresno, Mojave (for Rar.dsburg),
Santa Barbara and r.:,.i Angeles.. 7i43a
4:.10p Santa Fo Rente, Atlantic KxpreM
foi-Mojavo and Ka-<t 9t4ir
VS:3Op " Sunset Limited." Los Angelen, 21
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Kock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East f IAiISa
•r.T:3op "Surset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Oilcans and East !lOxl3a
6:OOl> Bnropeiui Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9>43a
6i»Oi- I]siyivaril>s Nilt«uiid San .lose 7:45 a
t«*:OOi- Va110j0..... t7:4»F
6:OO« Oregon Kxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Ue-.ltlhip, Portland, P"get
-•'-■■'":■ Hound ami l'«st 8:1 a A
' san li;am«k:> ami lIAVIVAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~?scroorir~~~ ( 7: 1 3a
■ S:OO.\ Slelrose, Seminary rark, *T2'4s*
lo'SSa Fitcl.b,.r ( r,Elml,Bn i t,. . 5?, lSi
iI1:O0a San Lf andro,' South Sam. ' I J r JiJ lp
J12:OOM Leandro, Estßdillff, gUgj
i»:o»p Lorenzo, Cherry. • ! *i : i2 F
4-«I0p 1 (S»43p
O:OOP and ! «»Js»>
B=:sop H«yn»rd)i. : Vi« T
7:l»op ' i *****
8:OOP i Rttib through to Nile*. ! .fltnl
,»•,%& j'*™ ***■ .tt.«g
COAST UtVlKlOa (Narrow (Uiuge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
»!iI»A Newark, .lose.Felton,
BonlderCreek.SentaC'ruzandWay •
Stations »•••*
•*ta»p Newark, ■ Centerville, San .lose. New .
'Aluiaden, Kelton, Boulder Creek, :
Santa Cm* and .Principal Way • -■
Stations....;.. •••• •l«tB«A
4il!»r Newark, Bail J6se and Los Gates ... OsSOa
I t4sp Hunters' Excursion, SaD Jose and
. Way Stations ••••- t7iaOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from rR»NCISCO— Foot of Market Stre«t (Slip 8)— ".
•7:15 9-00 11.-00 A.U. 31:03 *2:00 t3:C9
*4:00 15:30 ■ *6:00r.M.
Prom OiKIIBD-F»'ot of Broadwuy.— "6:oo 8.-00 , 10:00 A.M.
tl2:00 _ *l:00 .' t2:00 : ' *3:00 ti:o3 : "5:00 p.m.
"~~~ COAST lIIVIMO.N (Uroad (iauge).
-i f -■■': ■ (Third and To-.vnsend Sta.)
6is3A«au Jose iiihl Way Stations (New "*
■ Almaden Wednesdays only) .8:33^
©:OO* Han Jose, Trea INhos, Kunta Onus,
' Paciiic Grove. Paso Roblcs,' Han : .-. :
Luis OWspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stiitioim .......... A tl
1O:4Oa San .lose and Way 5tati0n5......... . *S:OO A
51:30 A San Jose and W.iy Stations ... , B:3»*
•2:3«r San Mat Redwood,' Wcnlo Park, : •.■"•.-.
■ XiJU Santa Clara. San .lose, Gilroy.
! UoUißter, BwuMi Crux, ; SalniM, .Vv
- Mouterey nml r.icillcCrove. .'.... «IO:40a
•»:15pSaiiJ"V»iidPrincipal Way Stations »1»:«Oa
. •4:18 - San Jose »mi Principal Way Station? 0:13 a
•ft:«Op San.Tose and Principal Way Station! • l:;5Op
3:301- San Jose and Principal Way Stations - 5:SOp
- «::iOi- San .lose aud Way 5tati0n5.. ....... ■ 7:20p
)11;45i- San Jose m»l Way 5tati0n5.:........ - 7:aor
- ■ . • A for Momiug. -.. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays executed.' 1 : * Sundays only, t .Saturdays only.
" "t' Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•I Mondays and Thursdays. '.
I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
MOUNT TAHALPAi? SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San ■■' Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1897: -'.'.'•■ ; •
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— -■ 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. , 1:15 p. m.
,V : Round , trip • from - Mill . Valley, .- $1.
' THOiV COOK . & RON, AgenU, (31 Mark**
•treet, Baa Francisco. 7^ia^g!%S^S6aWORKING FOR THE HOME.
Thomas Kyle Believes in Doing Everything
to Further the Cause.
It seems as though Masonry Itself would get almost a "boom" from the
amount of interest that is being taken in the festival which is to take place
early in May. It is the clear opinion of the fraternity that the completion of
the Widows' and Orphans' Home will be an action of which all Masons and
members of the Order of the Eastern Star will be equally proud.
"Tom" Kyle, as he is familiarly called, was one of the trustees when the
land at Deooto for the home was purchased. Vigorous to a degree— although
over 76 years of aarc — Mr. Kyle is an ardent admirer of tho craft and all things
pertaining to it. He is one of the most venerable Masons in the State. He was
made master of Excelsior Lodge over thirty-two years ago, and during his
incumbency he was high priest of his chapter. Mr. Kyle is also a past com
mander of California Commandery No. 1, Knights Templar, and he was prelate
of that or' I ,' r tor live years.
"Anything- that will do Masonry any good," said Mr. Kyle, "is altogether
•worthy of support. I believe there is no grander or better system of life than
that which it t< aches. In all cases it tends to benefit anu enlighten the world."
This gentleman is a personal friend of Jacob Neff, tho big-hearted mining
man, and that pioneer jurist, Judge Lott of Oroville, is another of his friends
who believes in the good which charity of the stamp which is now being dis
played can accomplish.
Considering his grea.t age Mr. Kyle is extremely active, and it is hoped that
he will be able to take a keen interest in the fete.
The members of the executive committee continue to get most encouraging
reports from all pub-committees, and a resume of the advices from interior towns
shows Intense interest in the week to bo devoted to the widows and orphans.
T'.-.e camel corps — which will consist of eight or ten animals— is being drilled,
and the trappings, all emblematic, are being prepared, and within a week or
ders will be p.iiCL-d for tho cars which are to carry the children through the
Pavilion.
The choir of a thousand trained youthful voices, which is promised for the
opening night, is bound to fascinate. In their class singing the little ones al
ready show proficiency. The songs will all be patriotic and many distinctly
Calif orniari.
CATHOLICS WILL
BE IN LINE
Preparations for the Corner
stone Laying at Holy Gross
Church.
Palm Sunday Has Been Chosen as
the Day for the Impressive
Ceremonies.
The grand marshal and parade commit
tee having in charge the arrangements
for .the corner-stone laying of the new
church of Holy Cross on Sunday next
have almost perfected the plans. The
exercises will be preceded by a street pa
rade, which will form on L-agruna and
Eiidy streets arid will move at S p. m.
sh;irp. The line of march will be down
I.apnna sjreet to Golden date avenue,
• , • Scott, Scott to Eddy, and
then to the church site. On the arrival
<»f the parade the societies participating
will I><- ushered Into the enclosed site of
th<' new ihurc-h. which will be held in re-
Berve for them. Two hundred young la
dles and gentlemen will be seated in the
grand stand to raise their voices in joy
ami praise.
There will be two divisions in the pro
cession. The ijeague of the Cross Band
will lead, escorting the grand marshal
and hi.s ;dds. These will be followed by
the fourteen companies of the League of
the Cross Cadets in their usual neat ap
pearance. This will constitute the lirst
division, which will act as escort to his
ADVERTISEMENTS.
METROPOLITANJENTAL PARLORS, F\
NO F»MI1N! INO PAIN! v/l t
■f" ff" ff" ■ | will give $.vii if Jfo I
we cannot extract your jflffflF '
/■^"- :: B I H I" I W% U ' eth wlthout tain. dmHWL
*Mr I Bmtim I "" N '°.. Chloroforrn ' No
m /^\| Filled, Crowned, Ex- '-y. 1/^~V
1/ H tracted Without . )tiK| W \
■ ( P»in. <*> A-V )
HK\r> . Oold Fillings From 75c YAM
h 8 \S Silver Fillings From 25c f-' H
Q Mk/'"^s Plates Warranted to Fit From $4.00 P^fM
f/S^ KLONDIKERS! %&1^
k rfiPJ/* It your Teeth need attention it will be \JJr-Iu
Wto your advantage to give us a call. . *vv* " 'V'
i E&C V^KI WE WILL SAVE YOU MONEY. B^Q
B >^^^ Teeth without plates, per tooth.. From $3.50 ™ «| J
Q fl-^ Gold Crowns, 22-k From $3.50 / / '^l
I/W ■ J ALL WORK WARRANTED. Vvt^
a //I German. French and Swedish spoken. • |V>
8 I Hours— 9 to 6:30 and 7:30 to 10. Sun- "i^fik }
njkM-, O>S TELEPHONE— MINT 1554. & jßr
IP^ METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, >J
1 B^\ 927-MARKET STREET-Q27 / S-5\
\/[^f J Opposite Phelan Monument. V. . T\J
rd/ 4 T. S. HiGGINS, D.D.S.
grace, the Archbishop. The drum corps
of the League of the Cross will escort
the second division, followed by the Bor
n Guards of Charles Parish, in
command of Captain Stanislaus Riley.
Following will iome the councils, 34, 35,
56 and 59, Y. M. L, the Young Men's Cath
olic Union, the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians, the Gentlemen's Sodality of Holy
Cross rind the Young Men's Society of the
same parish. There wiil be a final meet
ing of all Interested in the ceremonies at
Holy Cross Church Hall on Eddy street,
near Scott, next Wc-dnesday evening.
Park Music To-Day
The following attractive programme is an
i nounced for the open air concert In Golden
Gate Park to-day:
Overture, ' 'Martha Flctow
Papular Songs, "A Trip Around Town". .Beyer
Inflamatup, from Stabat Mater Rossini
S<>l'j for cornet, William Forner.
Allegro Militaire. "The Reveille" Besancon
I Selection, "Bohemian < Jiri" Balfe
Scenes from VPagilaoci" Leoncavallo
i Descriptive, "A Musician Astray in the
Forest ' Herman
Waltz, "Invitation to Dance", Weber
"Champagne Vocal Polka" Tournewk
j March, "American Republic" Thiere
New Italian Church.
The laying of the corner stone of the
Church of the Holy Sacrament, on Croke
! street, near the Mission road, ■will take
j place to-day at 3 o'clock. The stono
I will be blessed by the Very Reverend J. J.
! Prendergast, Vicar-General, who has been
i deputized by the Archbishop to take
i charge of the services. The church is for
! the benefit of a very large number of
i Italians living in that part of the city.
, Rev. Father Sardl will deliver an address
iin the Italian language. A large number
i of the local clergy are expected to be in
i attendance on this occasion. The sacred
! edifice when completed will cost about
! $5500. The house for the clergy will ad
i join the church.
THE SA"N" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
FAILED TO
BLACKMAIL
RUDINOFF
The Clever Caricatur
ist a Victim of Two
Rogues.
They Vainly Tried to
Extort Money From
Him.
Wrote Indecent Words on the
Reverse Side of His
Photograph.
DEMAND A LARGE SUM.
Several Detectives Searching th«
City for the Bold Scoun
drels.
Several detectives were searching the
city last night for two young men who
vainly attempted to blackmail Rudin
off, the clever shadowgrapher and cari
caturist, who has delighted crowds at
the Orpheum Theater.
A few days ago Rudinoff received a
note signed "R. K. Jones." in which the
writer informed him that he had a
photograph of him, on the back of
which were written some indecent
words.
The writer gave his address as room
26, 223 Powell street, and asked Rudi
noff to call, as he was anxious to see
him.
"This Is of vital interest to you," he
wrote. "Your reputation depends upon
your securing the photograph."
"While regarding the note as a joke,
the clever artist, on the suggestion of
a friend, went to police headquarters
and informed Chief Lees of the matter.
Realizing that the author of the note
intended to blackmail Rudinoff, Chief
Lees detailed two/ of his best men to
make an investigation.
At their request Rudinoff answered
the mysterious epistle, informing the
■writer that he was anxious to get the
photograph, and would meet him at 2
o'clock the fallowing afternoon. One of
the detectives went to the man's room
at the appointed hour, but failed to find
him. It is thought that the confeder
ate was stationed in the hallway, and
as the detective appeared he in some
way communicated with his fellow con
spirator, with the result that the latter
made his escape.
Subsequently Rudinoff was accosted
by one of the blackmailers, who, after
introducing himself under a fictitious
name, produced the photograph.
'"It is of no use to me," he remark
ed, "and as myself and friend are in
hard luck perhaps you would like to
buy it."
The young man did not put a price
on the picture but intimated that as it
would injure Rudinoff as an attraction
he ought to be willing to give him a
considerable sum of money to get pos
session of it.
The artist took the picture, and re
cognizing: It as one he had distributed
to the Orpheum patrons in honor of
his first appearance at that theater, he
promptly tore it up. Turning to the
blackmailer he roundly scored him and
threatened to hand him over to the
police. Tho young man realizing that
Rudinoff meant what he said quickly
disappeared up O'Farrell street. Chief
Lees has a good description of the two
men and he is determined to land them
in prison.
WILL ATTEMPT TO
RAISE THE DEBT
Non-Interest Bearing Bonds to
Be Issued by the Mercan
tile Library
Receptions Will Be Given to Cre-
ato a Spirit of Fra
ternity.
That one of the oldest libraries in the
State should want for assistance and be
allowed to be threatened by bankruptcy
and not a willing hand extended toward
lowering the hanging debt over the Mer
cantile Library seems a pity.
This was the genera] opinion at the re- I
caption given last night by the ladies' j
auxiliary to the new board of trustees in
the library building on Van Ness avenue.
The reception was given for the purpose
of creating a spirit of fraternity between
the members and the trustees and to I
outline the proposed course to be I
adopted in the future in trying to build \
the affairs of the library to a certain j
development where it will be self-sustain
ing, and also to discuss the proposition
of issuing uon-lnterest-bearing bonds to I
cover the entire amount of indebtedness, i
These bunds will be disposed of by the i
association to subscribers or outsiders
who are willing to buy them, receiving in
exchange a practical lien on the prop
erty, and wiil consequently run abso
lutely no risk of losing their money.
President McGee delivered an address
on the subject of the lack of patronage
on the part of the people of the city man
ifested toward the library, and that in
the future the overnight might be made
up by the institution being more liber
ally patronized and encouraged.
The reception last evening was under j
the immediate direction of the ladies'
auxiliary.
These receptions will be given from time
to time to create an interest In the af
fairs of the library and to promote the
social relations of the members.
Bacing Ordinance Goes Over.
Supervisor Clinton'a racing ordinance,
which came up at the meeting of a spe
cial committee of the Board of Super
visors, was put over until next Waflnf
day. At this time the owners of raca
tracks will be on hand and express their
views on the subject of restricting racing
to forty-eight clays a year in this city.
The matter would have gone on to-day
had it not been that a letter was re
ceived from Frank Covey, manager of
the Palo Alto stock farm, asking that
some provision be made for trottini?
horse m«-n, as it is likely that the run
ning races would take- up tho forty-eight
days, and tht- trotting races would
be "left in the cold. Clinton stated that
he was willing to give all a fair chance.
but he did not see how he could amend
his ordinance so as to cover the ground.
Want Another Boulevard.
That portion of Golden Gate Park bor
dering on Stanyan and Oak streets may
soon be turned into a boulevard if a
movement on foot, indorsed by Supervisor
Devany, is carried to a successful issue.
One of the difficulties to be overcome is
to dispose of the electric wire poles which
line the sidewalk und stand in the way
of widening the thorouphfare. At a meet
ing of the Park Commission at the Part
L,odge yesterday afternoon it was de
cided to ask permission of the city to
place the poles inside the park. It was
proposed to beautify the boulevard by
planting palms on both sides. As soon
as the old steam railway is removed it
is proposed to remove the depot at the
intersection of the two streets, where
the boulevard will be placed.
A BABY SHOW FOR CHARITY.
The Managers of the Nathaniel Gray-
Kindergarten Give an Enter
tainment.
The afternon tea given at the residence
of Mrs. A. Whitney yesterday in aid of
the Nathaniel Gray Kindergarten proved
a success far beyond the most sanguine
expectations of the managers.
A feature of the afternoon's entertain
ment was the exhibition, or more proper
j ly speaking, the baby show, which was
held in the back parlors, immediately af
ter the rendition of the musical pro
gramme. There were three distinct kinds
j of babies on exhibition— white, black and
! yellow.
The little yellow tot was the daughter
iof Lee Bin? Chow, a prominent and
i wealthy Chinese merchant of the city.
Miss Chow was dressed iv all the finery
of a truly royal baby, and had bangles
i on her ankles and rings on her fingers
i galore. Her feet were dressed in a pair
i of slippers resembling closely those seen
so often on dolls in- the show windows
of toy shops, with the exception that they
were of slightly different pattern.
The black baby was a little negress in
swaddling clothes hardly a year old. Her
little ebony face shone from the white
recess of its "long clothes" like a black
bull's eye on a white fence.
The next type of infantile beauty was
the Caucasian. The pale-faced babies
were enrolled as follows: Miss Florence
Livingston Morris, although but eighteen
months old, distinguished herself both by
dancing an Irish jig in baby fashion and
by gaining the opinion that she was the
prettiest and most popular .baby in the
show.
Then came Miss Marion Willis Stopel
I and Master Jennings, who couldn't exact
! ly understand what it was all about.
In conjunction with the baby show, the
following programme was rendered: Solo,
] Miss Baston; selections, Messrs. Pryer I
i and Bartlett; recitation. Miss Whitney;
violin solo, Miss Taylor; solo, Mr. Bart- !
'lett; contralto solo, Miss Shannon; piano
! solo. Miss Van Felt; song, "My Little
I Love," Miss [sabelle Van Pelt.
I Mrs. Stopel acted as godmother to all
i the babies, black, yellow and white, and
from the time the curtain went up until
It rolled down she had her hands full.
A BOY CRUSHED TO DEATH.
Life Ground Out Between a Gravel
Wagon and a Barn.
Grover Mack, the five-year-old son of
Jacob Mark, an employe of the Excelsior
Tannery, had his head crushed between
a wagon and a building yesterday after
noon, and died from the injuries.
The boy was playing in front of his
! home at 24 Adam street, when a gravel
wagon, driven by Walter Stone, bucked
upon him. catching his head between a
wheel and the Bide or a barn. The boy
.was picked up in an unconscious condi
tion and takea to his home, where Dr.
j Dudley was called. The child died soon
' after the arrival of the doctor. Stone
; the driver of the wagon, was arrested for
manslaughter and taken to the Seven
' teenth street station, where he was re
leased on his own recognizance. The oc
currence was stated to be purely acci
dental.
The Portland Arrives.
The steamer Portland reached here last
night and anchored at the foot of Third
street shortly after 7 o'clock. The
is from Unalaska, from which port .she
started on the 17th inst., making the run
down in nine days. Contain Linguist re
ports that the weather was exceedingly
line for the trip and that no winds were
encountered. The Portland put int
Dutch Harbor fur coal awd remained ther
thirty-six hours. The report that th
Bertha had only reached Beattle yester
day was a .surprise u> Captain LUiqutsi
as she left some time before the Poruanc
and it had been expected that she wouli
beat the latter vessel i:i several days
Those on board the Portland had nen
letters down r>y the Bertha. There i
considerable boat building being- done a
Dutch Harbor at present. When th
Portland left three stern-wheeler rive
steamers were almost finished, ;md wer
expected to be launched within a few
days. Two of them are wood and ar
for the Xorth Alaska Commercial Com
pany. The third one is iron and was built
by Sloran of Seattle. There were no pas
sengers nor cargo on board the Portland.
In the Tennis Courts.
Messrs. Bliven and Root succeeded in
; winning the right to have their names tn
: scribed on the beautiful tennis trophy
Offered by the California Tennis Club for
: championship in doubles. Code and Eck
i crt fell before them in the first round by
I a score of 6—4,6 — 4, 6—3. Slauf and Wilier
were defeated by McGavin and' DavU
! Score 6—4,6 — 4, 4 — ti and 6—2. Cornell and
i Smith defeated Hamilton and Carrigan by
0— ;i, G— 2. In the second round Bliven and
j Root defeated McGavin and Davis, and
in the rinal Root and Bliven defeated Cor
nell and Smith in an interesting match, by
a BCOrC of 6—l, 6—l,6 — 1, 'J — 2.
Theological Lecture.
George Sankins, 8.A., who recently
concluded a lengthy series of lectured m
ChickorinK Hall, Fifth avenue, Now York,
will deliver his first theologlco-asuronomi
eal discourse in Pythian Castle this even
ing. These lectures, which are of an |
educational character, deal with the
various regularly recurring astronomical
phenomena and show how the dates and
other characteristics coincide with the
Important dates In pagan and Christian
theology.
Threatened Her Life.
XV. B. Helling, a miner, was arrested
last night on a warrant from Police Court
No. 1, charging him with threats against
life. He is accused by his wife of re
peatedly threatening to kill her. Some
time ago Mrs. Helling separated from her
husband, taking her four children with
her. Since then, it is claimed. Helling
has been searching for her with a re
volver, threatening to kill her on sight.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - : ■
CITY OF rap PARIS.
DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Cloak and Suit Department if
R SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK. fs^%
TAILOR SUITS, in six different colors, all- ¥'/\ 11 Lv
wool tweeds, lined throughout with striped silk. ■•■, X/ \l| iWi
$18.00, worth $25.00. ' i' 7
A complete line of WOOLEN DRESS SKIRTS /Ft T
just received. Price $7.50 and $8.00. Extra // / \
good values. ' ■'-'•". ■ ' ';/-',-..- .■ ) .'. '■,■'-'■ /ill \
Our selections in Imported and Fancy 'ff-l , i• '
Costumes, also in Lace and Embroidered. Capes, If 'I [' V
is the most complete in the city, at prices . // // /|1 ' \
lower elsewhere. - : \ // '// 11*^ \\
'Dress-Making and Tailor-Made Suits a Specialty." / ["// I . \\ ,' )\\
Visit Our New and Elegant Millinery Department. ! MaLii-ijLJ l '**--"
Country" Orders* Promptly : Attended to. T1"T 1 "- ~^~"*^**"**""^
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
BAKER
PROVES A
WONDER
Fought an Eight -
Round Draw With
Farmer O'Brien.
\ The Latter Greatly Out
weighed the Former,
but Couldn't Land.
O'Brien Was Very Game and
Took Lots of Punish
ment.
TRIED OUT IN BERKELEY.
The Contest Was for a Pursa of
$250 — A Protested De
cision.
A new bantam weight has stepped
into the ring and demanded recognition,
and this he will certainly win, that is
if grit, cleverness and a cool head count
for anything.
In the battle last night in the Beacon
Athletic Club in West Berkeley, be
tween Farmer Eugene O'Brien, of Con
tra Costa County, a member of the
club, and Henry Baker, of Salt Lake
City, the latter in the eight bloody
rounds that were fought with four
ounce gloves clearly demonstrated
that he is a -comer that can go with
any man of his pounds and give a good
account of himself.
The fight was for eight rounds with
a decision, and for a purse of $250, and
although Referee Peter Unda called it
a draw, it was certainly Baker's fight.
The Salt Lake boy weighed in at 120
pounds, while O'Brien tipped the scales
at 138, but despite this great difference
in weight the Easterner chopped up the
countenance of the local fighter, and at
the end Baker did not have a ma»*v to
show that he had been in a mill.
The farmer managed to knock Baker
down in the fourth round, bui the latter
never lost his head and only laughed
at his adversary as he lay upon the
floor and took his time to get up.
O'Brien did the rushing, but Baker's
! cleverness was too much for him and
I he only landed once and that in the
! first round. Baker was all over the ring
] and kept his opponent guessing with
his stiff left-hand punches. In the first
rotmd he closed O'Brien's right eye,
and a few rounds later he opened a nice
seam in the farmer's right cheek. Had
i there have been one more round Baker
would certainly have put out the local
I man.
Competent critics who witnessed the
tight doelare that Baker can defedt any
roan <>f his weight in San Francisco.
Baker is under the management of .1.
A. Lestrang. and is open to offers to all
comers in his class.
MAY BE INELIGIBLE.
Auditor Broderick Is Uncertain Re
garding the New Registrar
of Voters.
Will am J. Big?y. the new Registrar of
Voters appointed by Governor Budd, may
; have r.ome trouble with Auditor Broder-
Ick when he comes to file the bond that
rovers his administration in the Audi
tor's olHee.
Mr. Biggy was one of the Phelan ap
pointeea for the office of Supervisor at
the time when an attempt was made to
: oust the present board, and tiled a bond
with the Auditor to properly and con
scientiously perform the duties of his
office. The Supreme Court now has the
matter in hand, and, as far as the law is
concerned, the Auditor does not know
whether he is Supervisor or not. Should
be file his bonds as Registrar previous to
tha time that th> Supreme Court decides
his riK'it to hold the office of Supervisor,
it is a question in the Auditors mind
! which will constitute a legal claim to
public office.
ENTERED VACANT HOUSES.
Arrest of Two Men for Looting Un-
occupied Dwellings.
John McKeevfr and Ernest Gibson, who
are well-known to the police,* were ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Sergeant
Blank and locked up on suspicion of
beinj the men who have been entering
tmocoupied houses arid stealing lead pipe
and gasfixtures. When taken into cus
tody a sack containing lead pipe was
found in their possession. It was after
ward ascertained that the men had en
tered a house on Polk street, near Sacra
mento, and stole the stuff. Last night
they were, formally charged with burg
lary.
• ADVERTISEMENTS. — /
The Weil-Known French Writer.
EMILE ZOLA Writes:
Yin ' Mariani==The Elixir of Life, which
combats human debility, the one real cause
of every ill— a veritable scientific fountain of
youth, which, in giving vigor, health and
energy, would create an entirely new and
superior race.
EMILE ZOLA.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
2%j&A Ms b& '*> &J<f r) i m of Be * U L I
. MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN
I MARIAN! the FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN
FOB OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN.
Yin Mariani is indorsed by the medical faculty all over
the world. It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General
Debility.
MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES AND LA GRIPPE.
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
| YIN MARIANI gives STRENGTH
0 - -
SPECIAL OFFER— nil who write mentioning the San Francisco CALL, we send
a book containing portraits and indorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES,
I CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personages.' . ,
MARIANI & CO.. 52 WES T 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussmann; London— Mortimer Street; Montreal — Hospital Street.
Ask your f) ITi Rnil /<?3E?* - -/'"V /\ I"""" P~e~ — i
Druggist CATARRH f^^AFrFT 11}
TR!ALj3izE. M^SgSolS f^%.ISTHE PROPER DISTANCE
ELY'S AT WHICH a Normal eye SHOULD CLEARLY' /
rRPAMRAFM B* %*IjA \ OISTIHGUISHLETTERV %of A iHCH bOHG.
tRCHin D/ium WTj. Wat f; CALL and HAVE y°liß EyES TESTED ,
contains no cocaine, rner-^Btec-** -'•"- cbfc ,- rw\arc ■'• '
j cury or any other injurious ry&jSjL-^fSMl^'f •jN.-.rriCt cj-^CHARGt. ,-.:,-
dr it 8r opcna and cleans the J/£jl*lfy/ l ](£^JljLjb//Z« n
: Healu and Protects tbel Ifl nriin Am,f,M.imlm m |r -'- '
Heals and Protects the IflH h fi tSfffni, » el« * -^ ./' .
j MRM RT 8 to a^- the Sen o UU LU 111 nEfIU \ \^\k%
| Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives * A/0 Mnni/CT
relief at «nee. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mail; U*7fc /MMItrLC I Ol •
Trial SU«.'loc at Drugßists or by mall. ■ UHDf-R C-H^onicl BUII.DING
ELY BROTHERS. C 6 Warren St . New York. UMDtR VHVN'LLfc DUIUUiNto.
DsßEcrom or
//l7 r v F ) TRANSPORTATION— Continued.
(^^^P^^^P/ ' TRAVELERS TO DAWSON™
Wr*S Via DTE A "and SKAGUAY can arrange to
rak/ist Aw-SC^ffi^&i* have tlielr Provisions sent via St. Michael
/^7iSt t . and tlie Yukon River, by applying to
dE^^l^ ' ALASKA-YUKON ■
C||^^^^§ TRANSPORTATION CO..
• //i^liffi^isKU 3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
l/fl^W "W^ . GUT RATES TO KOTZEBUE SOUND;
1 lyf/dfe* • ; = '^**'- The newly fitted and fast barkentlne; Leslie
■ "" I'lnJr-yJ ' D->D -> w "' sail on or about April 20. For further
I I'll' ■ particulars address "or call on the owner, CAP-
/• J • ' TAIN -C. J. JOn<;i:XSl.X. 36 East st.
TniMcpnoTiTinv BIRCH Creek district; now nearly deserted
■'i '■'-• T?^ - y... .^ , _"_•_._ — owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
"" ' ' KfITZERiIE SnilNflftßT.ll PITIT.HS ■ ; as Klondike; produced $3,000,000: laOOx
TCfITZFRTTF RHITNTI RRIH 7TF.T.HS m feet; our new modern steamer, Alice
»;: A.UIZIIIDUL OUUIIU UULiU IlXiiJliO, . Rix. stops there going to Dawson City . our
Jk ALASKA. -book free., Alaska Transportation Co.. 224 "
«=Sa T* » ni/ n/irnn/f Am Montgomery et.. opp. Itusa House.
vj^S • bnna IVI C. r£ IVI /\ 1 U .... -, 11..,,1 1 ..,, . ijj
mT^& leaves may ; tst. : ■• ; ;_ _ ; : gas engines, _' ;
fA BARK MERMAID^ UNION GAS ENGINE GO.
X LEAVES MAY Ist. i S^Li^^Sl^E^:
t-^— - a::: -illNION GAS ENGINE GO.
-c^^t"=— HENRY L. BORDEX, G-n. Mgr. , * 339 HOWARD STREET. T~
— CAPT^VWCK^ j GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND _^j^b^^^
TR ABINfi CO p - & B - BUILDING PAPER and P. & B.
lliAimiU VV7. READY ROOFING, sold by all tlrst-clasa deal-
FOR Kot E ebue Sound^f bark J.. A Falken- ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
FOR Kotzebue Sound-'i lie bark J. A Falken- j enable in price and easy to transport. They
burg will sail on or about May 10, IS9S ■■■ Fare. keep heat . cold dampness and dust out o£
including 2500 pounds bacsage or freight, $200 , buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE & ; trade *. PARAFFINE PAINT CO 116 Battsrv
HOUGH CO., 40 Crillfornia St.. San Francisco. t TfPNo am ,™ ' uattery
or to A. -H. Herriman. i general manager. 201 i Bt - l '■ iso l ,- '" a - ' '"■ , , >
Front St.. San Francisco. ;; ry: , 6LEPS - BOATS. ETC. ,
IT ' : nn . C C, TmtlcnariftiiMi Cfl ARCTIC "sleds. '/.rctlodoK3, : Yukon- boats, "
LUIOII 3. U 1 raHSpUrittllOn tO. pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska.; outfit*.
\ - ■ . ■ ■ • steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, ' with
ta rAT7rDriC CAilvn CT Uir'JlC! I boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can be '
lU IVIM tCDlfc Mil) 11 11, M. IflltnAcL, seen at salesroom . G. W. KNEASS, ~7I3 Third.
' COPPER RIVER, DVEA AND I -- -- °--'"<" < " i " :: T . . "; '
skaguay; Weak Men and. Women'
For passage and freight apply to I ohOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. '.'.HH
UNION SHIPPING AND TRAN3PORTA- i O great ; Mexican Remedy; glve» health and :
■•"•:■: TIOX COMPANY, 21 Market street. ■•, I ttransth to tha sexual ortan*.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every. night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery ; street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock..
Cl McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. .
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o clock.
2526 Mission street;'open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until >J:3O o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST" Church of Christ', Scientist. Central
l)lock. 223 Sutter St., bet. Kearny and Grant
»v£-A.t 11 a m.. Christian Science Bible
lesions- subject. "Brotherly Love," Sunday
school for children at the same hour
••Science and Health" study Thursday at 8
p. m. All are welcomed __^
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Geary
and Powell sts.. Rev. John Hemphill. D.D..
pastor- Services at 11 a., m. and .:30 p. m.
Topic p. m "Our Allies in the Fight." Chll-
drei 1,,,' be presented for baptism at the
beginning of tho morning i-vrvi. ■■;. Music
am., anthem. "Prepare _c the Way,
Gooree M. Garrett; Offertory, "Rejoice the
Heart of Thy Servant," Southard; soprano
solo and quartet: music p. m.. ' Bonum Est .
j s Camp; Offertory, "How Long Wilt Thou
Forget Me. Lord?" (Pfiueger): alto solo and
quartet. All are cordially Invited;
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts
Rev John Stephens, pastor, residence Jos
Haight st.— Preaching at 11 a. m. and . :30
p. m. The pastor will preach at both serv-
ices. Subject at 11 a. m., "Our Marching Or-
ders " and at 7:30 p. 111.. "The Greatest Ro-
mance of the Nineteenth Century.' Special
music by the choir. Sunday-school at 12:30
p m ; C. B. Perkins, superintendent. Ep-
worth League meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45 p. m. The
public cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers in attend-
ance.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
• sion St., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Class meetings, 9:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m.
Sermon, 11. Subject. "The Stump of Dagon.
Sunday school. 1 p. m. ; Mr. Holla v. Watt,
superintendent. Endeavor Societies, 6:15 p. m.
Evening sermon. 7:30 o'clock. Subject,
"Gladstone, a Study in Christian Manliness,"
followed by an after meeting. This is a peo-
ple's church. Everybody invited. Seats all
free. Courteous ushers. Chorus choir led by
Mr J J. Morris. Mid-week service Wedne*
day evening. Grand Epworth League rally
Friday evening. I
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St..
near Webster— to-day at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Rev.
F. B. Chcringrton, D.D.. pastor, will preach
morning and evening. Morning subject.
"Christian Steadfastness." Evening subject,.
"Jesus' Method of Winning Men." The pub-
lic cordially invited.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Subject. "The Loaves and
the Fishes." Services every Sunday, 11 a.
m., Yosemite Hall. N. S. G. W. building,
Mason st., between Geary and Post. Bible
class and Sunday school at 12:30 p. m. All
are cordially invited to attend.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— Special mass-meeting for men only this
(Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock. Address by
Rev. Henry Cooke, D.D.. Trinity's new rec-
tor.* Subject, "Improvidence." All young
men invited. Good music. Seats free.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath Home, Howard-
. street Methodist Episcopal Church, between
Second and Third sts., John A. B. Wilson,
D.D., pastor, residence by the church, tele-
phone Black 961. 11 a. m. Subject, "The
Three-fold Mission." 7:30 p. m., song service
and sermon, followed by after meetings. Spe-
cial music. •
FRIENDS' meeting— A meeting of the Friends
(called Quakers) is held on tlrst day (Sunday)
of each week at 11 o'clock at lecture-room
of Y. M. C. A. Hall, corner Mason and Ellis
1 Fts. Friends' free kindergarten during the
week. Friends' union school for children at
Sunshine Hall. 934 Harrison st.. between
Fifth and Sixth, at 3 p. m. each Sunday.
Mothers' meeting at same place on Wednes-
day afternoon at 3 p. m.. and to all of these
services you are cordially invited. No col-
lections.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (Theosophlcal So-
ciety), Sl9 Market St.— Lecture to-night, "Hid-
den Powers," by Dr. Allen Griffiths. Tues-
day evening a lecture with stereoptlcon views
of the "Crusade Around the World." led by
Mrs. K. A. Tingley, given by Burcham Hard-
in?. Admission free; collection. International
Brotherhood League meetings Saturday even-
ing." Short talks and music.
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock, I. O. O. F.
building. Market and Seventh sts. To-nig;ht,
"The Mysteries." by Mr. Will C. Bailey.
Lodge meetings every Wednesday at 8 p. m.
Free to all. Lotus Circle for children will
reopen first Sunday In April at 2:30 p. m.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists. El Dorado
Hall, Alcazar building, Sunday, March 27.
Song service at 7:30. Lecture by Mrs. R. S.
LILLIE, Of Boston. Subject, "What Is the
Difference Between the Teachings of the
Christian Church and the Spiritualist?" Ad-
mission 10c.
Freethought.
Pythian Hall, SOS Market st.
Mr. George Hawkins. B. A.
Delivers his Theologico-Astronomical Lecture,
"The Holy Mother of God."
This eve. at 8; adm. 10c: open platform.
OAKLAND Psychical Society, Fraternal Hall.
Washington St., 7:30 p. m., celebration of
Jubilee; Professor Loveland, Dr. Muehlen-
bruch and several other noted mediums and
speakers will occupy the platform with
Madame Montague.
AT Dr. Rines' spiritual society, 909 Market;
11. free; 2 and 8 p. m., 10c; Mrs. Sealey, Gil-
lingham. Dr. Carpenter, Fisher. Dr.'s office,
935 Market; Wednesday, 335 McAllister st., 8
p. m.; office, 935, 3 to 6 p. m.
t>R M. MUEHLENBRUCH. Brunswick Hotel,
Oakland; test circle every Tuesday evening;
25c; sittings dally; no hall meeting until
further notice.
MADAME MONTAGUE will hold meeting In
San Francisco, Washington Hall, opp. Tiv.oli,
Wednesday evening, 8 o'clock; questions an-
swered; readings. !-'.-/.,• -
TEST developing circle, 2 p. m. ; 8 p. m., test
meeting. Hi.-. 335 McAllister st. R. A. Stitt,
Nita, Meakin, Hargrave, Mrs. Gillingham,
Evens, others.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual test meeting
Tuesday evening, California Hall. Eleventh
and Clay St.. Oakland; personal questions
answered. '
COME! — Hear the wonderful boy orator and
Mm*-. Young's convincing tests at 605 McAl-
lister st.; We; fine music.
MARKET, 997— T0-night, Mrs. Wrenn, others;
questions answered; psychometric readings;
admission free.
MRS. D. MAXWELL COLBY, returned: sit-
tings dally; circles Saturday eve. 122% Oak st.
MOTHER SADIE seance. 12 o'clock; material-
izing seance, 8 p. m. ; 50c. 409 Leavenworth.
MRS. FAVRE. 1133 Mission St.; to-night, spir-
itual test meeting; free; no collection.
MRS. FULTON, Oriental seance to-night, 60c
1513 Geary st.
MEETING NOTICES.'
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 67, I. O. _» mm
O. F— Officers and members are here-^\S^
by notified of the death of Patriarch _/V
WILLIAM A. SEARLES and re--^ X
quested to assemble in Encampment Hall
SUNDAY, March 27, 1868, at 12:30 p. m., to
attend the funeral. ■ R. C. BLACK, C. P.
W. S. POTTER, Scribe.
GERMANIA Lodge No. 116. I. O. <sj««&s>
O. F.— The officers and members __25_?<__:
of the Funeral Committee of Ger- -^JsSß's'Sf
mania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. •**»■**
I"., are hereby notified to assemble at the
Odd F«Ilov--s' Hall, corner of Market and
Seventh streets, on MONDAY, March 28, 1898.
at 1 o'clock p. m., to attend the funeral of
our late brother, HENRY J. WESSLING.
By order of the lodge.
LEOPOLD M. FABRY. N. G.
EMIL NIEMEIER, Recording Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Occl- «____.
dental Lodge No. 179, I. O. O. _S_)C__^
F.. are requested to meet at their
hall, 32 O'Farrell St., on SUN- "^W»\^~
DAY, Marc. 27, at" 12 o'clock to attend the
funeral of our late brother, WILLIAM A
BEARLES, P. <;
WILLIAM G. PILLER, N. G
S. H. RICHARDS, Recording Secretary.
THERE will be a meeting of the St Patrick
Day convention held THIS DAY (SUNDAY)
March 27, In K. R. B. Hall, Maaon and"
O'Farrell stss. — Business of 'importance will
■ come before the convention. The ladies aux-
iliary are requested to attend. Rev D O
Crowley and Hon. Robert Ferral will * ad-
dress the convention. By order
FRANK CONKLIN. President.
J. J. MORAN, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Onnpany will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 2*th day
of March. 1898, at the hour of .12 m..
for the purpose At electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. - •
Transfer, book* will close on Friday, March
18, ISSS. at 12 o'clock in. ..
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
St! ANDREW'S Society— Members v \7 >.
are requested i« attend a' reception q\ &M>2
to the president on his return' from "^SK^tiS
the East, MONDAY ' EVENING, ■*=_?%
March 28. in Scottish Hall, 111 Larkin st.
JAMES S. WEBSTER, President. .
A. ' C. ' BALLINGALL, Secretary.
MEETING NOT I <»— Continued.
THIRTY-SECOND annual gathering _ yjf $.
and games of the Caledonian Club 3\ l_row
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley,
SATURDAY, May 28.
JOHN REID. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
I draulic process from William Nolden and C.
Kaber, in the Aureole mine, near Oleta..
Amador County, to deposit tailings in Dead-
maa ("reek, and from George Beattle. in the
Beattie mine at Georgia Slide. El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Gold Bug mine In Canyon Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
f.9. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on
April_ll._lB9h,_at 1:30 y. m.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
MISS BERTHA TROY, from Chicago, Turkish
baths, massage. 1015 Market st., r. lr, 3d floor.
LOTTA DAVIS, genuine massage baths and
i manicuring. 11l Geary St., ruom L
MISS LILLIE STANLEY, manicuring and
alcohol baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-3.
BLIND merchant returned; stand Sixth and
Market sts. Please remember yours truly,
DRUMM.
ST. GEORGE Halls, 317 Mason st., halls for
dances, lodses, $2 50 to $10 per night; special
i terms steady tenants. BULLEN & KEMLINE
CABINET baths a specialty: hours S a. m. to
5 p. ni.. and 8 p. m. to 10:30; room 15, 1035
Market st.
! ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo. San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mada;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Bt.. room 6; tel. 5680.
1 RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St., room 3.
! MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant, baths,
massage. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
I ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
I .baths. 154 Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
I MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy St.
I MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10. 118 Grant aye.
MRS. SHELDON. genuine steam cabinet
baths. 'J Ellis St., second floor, room 22.
I MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary St.. room 11.
DIVIDEND NOTU.tS.
i DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the j
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable i
at the office of the company on and after \
FRIDAY, April 1, IS9S. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 26, IS9B. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
__________—_____—_____——————————————■
SITUATIONS A'ANTED— FEMALE.
A NO. 1 German cook, best of city reference, '
desires a situation in private family or re- I
sort. J. F. CROSETT & CO.; Sl6 Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation to do cook-
ing and housework; references. Call Monday j
at 3103 Buchanan st. {
LADY desires a position as housekeeper or j
would accept chamber work. Call or address '
! MRS. MANNING, 325 Fourth st.
j GOOD experienced chambermaid wants situa-
tion in either city or country. Call or address :
| 20*> Eighth St.. room 11, San Francisco.
TOUNQ lady would like office work 3 or 4 1
hours dally. Address box 2631, Call office.
i EXPERIENCED lady, Just from the East, '
wishes position; in bath resort preferred. !
Address box 2743, Call office.
YOUNG Austrian girl wishes situation to do
housework. Address MARY SPELKO, 75 |
Clementina st.
j SWEDISH girl wishes place for second work j
and waiting; good waitress and plain sewing;
private family. Address box 2570, Call office. |
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes situation
I as working housekeeper; is a good cook and ,
good to children; best of references; wages
$25. Box 2592, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation to do house-
work and small washing; American family;
wages $20. 618V2 Filbert st.
SWEDISH woman wishes situation as house-
keeper where she can have her chJld with j
her; city or country- 439 Jessie st.
STRONG young German girl wants situation j
; in American family to do housework and
1 cooking. 423 Second st.
i WANTED — Position as chambermaid or house-
keeper. Call or address 310 Sixth st.
; MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as house- i
keeper; country preferred; no objection to
wages in comfortable place. IC4 Jessie st.
WANTED — By an experienced middle-aged
woman, a position as housekeeper in a coun-
try hotel or institution; references. Box 2641,
Call of nee.
i MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as house- !
keeper: no objection to children or country.
BOX 2599, Call office.
POSITION as chambermaid in country resort
or hotel. Box 2600, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to take charge
of a camp for prospectors going to Alaska;
wages no object. Address 212 Turk at., r. 18.
NEAT young married woman would work for
clothes for self and husband; must be in
goood order. Address box 2650, Call office.
CAPABLE woman wants a position as house-
■ keeper and seamstress in a hotel or a wealthy
family, or matron in some Institution; can
make herself generally useful in a family;
no objection to a hotel in the country; w-ill |
furnish the very best of references. Call or
address MISS BOLTESCHOOL, 231S Cali-
fornia st.
I WOMAN would like to cook for a few men on
ranch, or get a responsible position in city.
E. L., box 2653. Call office. I
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day. [
29 A Morris aye., off Harrison st.
YOUNG woman wishes general housework in
a plain Protestant family; references. Ad-
dress 3341 Twenty-fourth St., near Bartlett.
j RESPECTABLE woman with a little girl
wants to assist with housework In return for
room and board. Address box 2604, Call office.
LADY wants plain sewing, shirts, sheets, table
cloths, etc., at home. 525 Howard, in bakery.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes re-engagement;
goodfltter; dresses made over. L.,1941 Mission.
FIRST-CLASS fitter, stylish draper and de-
signer; thorough dressmaker; by the day.
MISS WARWICK, 830 Geary st.
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, situation
as working housekeeper; no objection to
children. Call or address 573 Minna st.
j BY a refined musical young lady, position as
companion to a young or elderly lady: under-
stands hairdressing, manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc.; willing; to travel. Address H., box
8. Call Office, Oakland.
WIDOW fmiddle-aged) wants a position as
housekeeper; no objection to children. CaJl
or address 666 A Brannan st.
STRONG girl wants work in rooming-house;
call Monday. O. SMITH, 1408 Mission St.,
near Tenth.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
housework; no objection to the country; 3
years' reference. Call at 1324 Mission St.,
near Ninth.
WELL educated lady from Europe, speaking
German and French fluently, also musical,
desires position as useful companion to a
lady or to take charge of children; moderate |
salary; highest references; would travel. Ad-
dress box 2629, Call office.
SOBER mldi'.le-aeed woman, good cook and
housekeeper, wants work; fond of children;
city or country. 1104 Mission St., room 33.
COMPETENT woman wishes position as
housekeeper. MRS. M. MERCHANT, 203
Telegraph aye.. room 14, Oakland.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or will
do plain sewing and mending. 116 Sixth st..
room 6.
WANTED — A position as ironer. Address
MISS.L. A.% 717 Bush »t.
REFINED German lady wishes position as
nursery governess. 1336 Polk st.
WOMAN wishes to do housework or plain
mendirffe. 34 Sixth St., room 6.
WOMAN wishes a position to keep house: good
references. Jw9^ Mission St., room 3.
YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day. Call or address E. M., 219 Minna St.
GOVERNESS (American) capable of teaching
grammar or primary studies, teachers' cer-
tificate, wishes position: experience and ref-
erences. Address Governess, box 2626, Call.
WIDOW wishes position to do cooking and
housework. 1016 Powell st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
or plain mending. 139 Fourth St., room 10.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant, ay.
RELIABLE woman wants position as house-
keeper; city or country; no objection to chil-
dren. Address MRS. WEST, IS Hyde st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation
_b 000k or chambermaid In private family or
boarding-house. CaJl or address 1024 Jackson.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
8198 Howard st., room 3.
LADY from the East wishes situation as
housekeeper or charge of furnished rooms.
Call 102 Taylor st., room 10.
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; no children; no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2083, Call ofnoa.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
SI . UATIOA > WAN -ED— Continued.
WANTED— By respectable first-class woman,
home and work in good Christian family:
American preferred; honest and reliable; more
for home than wages; is good nurse. 17
Third St., room 7.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission st., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
SITUATION:* WANTED— MALE.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell St.. tel. Main 5332, fur-
nishes most reliable help of all nationalities.
CHINESE and Japanese <estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY _ CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE Employm'i Office— Best help amd
Northern Hsclng Co. ISOB Polk; tel. Polk 422.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell: tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414& O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning: tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki. 30 Geary.
COMPETENT bookkeeper, best of references,
desires position; city or country. Address
box 2633, Call office.
TRAVELING salesman with regular trade in
southern mines, etc., wants good side line
on commission; give particulars. C. P., box
2559, Call office. '
WANTED— Situation as clerk in hotel or lodg-
ing house; long experience; no objection to
country. Box 2566, Call office.
GERMAN wheelwright would like position of
any kind. Address H. L., box 2587, Call office.
SITUATION Wanted— Office man of extensive
experience, bookkeeper, etc. : high capacity
and references; start low salary where ad-
vancement can be earned. Box 2581, Call.
GERMAN gardener, master In all branches;
can attend horses, cows, etc. : best references
as to ability, sobriety and honesty. Address
Gardener, 560 Howard st.
BAKER— Good all-around baker, German,
wants work In hotel, restaurant or bakery:
city or country. Address 121 Eureka st-, near
Eighteenth.
LIVE man wants a situation; understands care
of horses, garden; good milker; handy with
plumber's and carpenter's tools; good refer-
ences. Address box 2644, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener's position wanted
by experienced man of temperate habits; ex-
cellent references. Box 264«, Call office.
HANDY young man wishes a situation to take
care of span of horses or drive a delivery
wagon; well acquainted with city. L. R., box
2t".47, < "all office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, understanding general
fanning, gardening, fruit-raising, cattle and
poultry, wants situation on small ranch or
private place; can cook for himself if neces-
sary: first-class references. Adilress box 2651,
Call office.
BY competent Scotch couple from the East,
place as janitor, care of private place or fur-
nished rooms. STEWART, 760 Folsom st
YOUNG man wants to drive delivery wagon or
any kind of work. 1219 Mission st.
BUTCHER wants situation In the city or
country: good meat cutter. Address L. G.
A., 121 Morris aye.. oft" Bryant St.. nr. Sixth.
INDUSTRIOUS young man, 22, wants work:
good driver and all-around hand with hor-
ses, etc.; references. M. 8., box 2656. Call.
BY young Swede, 2S years old. as porter or
painter; city or country. Address Painter,
box 6, Call Office, Oakland :
JOB compositor, competent to take charge and
estimate; 20 years' experience. Address box
2661, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by colored man (single) In
private family, doctor or office work: under-
stands driving, office and housework: satis-
factory references for the past 17 years' serv-
ice; 10 years in last place employed. Address
W. G., 351 C Minna st.
WANTED— By Industrious, reliable young man, I
situation in private family; can do any kind I
of work, plain cooking included: good home
more an object than wages; references. Ad-
dress L. M., 403 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
COMPETENT compositor wants work In non-
union oirtce; city or elsewhere. Address box
2633, Call office.
EXPERIENCED elderly pork butcher and sau-
sage maker, good curer. wants situation; city
or country. Box 2561, Call office.
WORK as general blacksmith; strictly so-
ber. W. W. PARKS. Alviso, Santa Clara
County, Cal.
EXPERT accountant wants any situation; ref-
erences. Address box 2553. Call office. :
MAN who understands milking, desires steady
place on dairy or farm. T. HANEY, 227 Sec-
ond st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class machine
blacksmith. Address J. M. GALES, 210
Montgomery aye.
YOUNG married man with reliable local refer-
ences desires position as collector, solicitor,
stock clerk or anything paying fair salary.
Address, for interview, 43 Sixth st, room 42.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
MAN and wife would like positions from
April 1; man as foreman In a vineyard, but-
ter-maker or ranch foreman; wife as cook
and housekeeper; best of references. Address
box 6, Santa Rosa, Cal.
MAN about place — Situation wanted by a
steady and sober man; thoroughly under- j
stands the care of horses, driving, garden, j
cows; best of references. Address 2745, Call.
JAPANESE flrst-class cook wants position; j
has great experience in cooking for family, j
HENRY K. KIMURA, care H. Ide & Co.,
201 Sixth st J
RELIABLE, industrious, German gardener;
understands taking care of horses and cows;
h.indy around the place; references; moder- i
ate wages and a good home; Oakland or A!_- :
meda. Address box 2757, Call office. ;
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms. 25c to Jl 50 night; Jl 50 to J6
week; convenient _nd respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferjy^
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and wnnt ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
COOK, country hotel, $40
waitress, north, $20 and free fare; waitress
for Truckee, 120 and fare paid; 6 waitresses ;
for summer resorts, south, i2O; 3 restaurant :
waitresses, J5 a week; chambermaid and i
waitress, Jl5 '
cook, with references. J25; housegirl, Berke-
ley. $20; Swedish girl, $25; 7 houseglrls. $20;
ranch cook, Gllroy, $20; 15 young girls to as-
sist, $10 and $12. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ; tel. Grant 185.
ARM waitress, country restaurant, $20; wait-
ress, hotel, south, $20; housework girls, coun-
try. MURRAY & READY, Leading Emp.
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
GIRLS wanted, general housework, cooking;
wages $30, $25. $20. MRS. SPENCER, 1321
Park st., Alameda .
LADIES, attention:— Do you wish to secure
lucrative commercial positions, bookkeepers,
cashiers, clerks, stenographers, 'typewriters,
matrons, housekeepers, salesladies, millin-
ers, seamstress, candy-makers, shop help?
If you accept a position and work a month
or bo and wish to chance for another there
is no additional expense; one year's service
with the right to accept or reject positions '
until suited: managed by ladies. 313 Bush.
WORK FOR WORKERS—
All flrst-class referenced female help want-
ing work, who will send the names and
addresses of themselves and last employers,
will receive free registration in a new and
honest employment bureau; particulars and
registration blank in reply. B. E. 8., box
2f>M, Call office.
WANTED — Bright woman over 30, with some
business ability. Address box 2563, Call office.
WANTED— A girl to learn tailoring. 706&
Bush :-t.
WANTED— FIrst-class pants finisher. 8 Grant
aye., upstairs.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework
at 725 Sutter st.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Apply 517
Devisadero St., Monday from 10 to 12.
GIRL, Mexican, Italian, assist housework, care
2-year-old baby. 2112 Pine St.. to-day.
WANTED— Miodie-aged woman to cook for 2;
good home. Call 1015 Howard
SELECT Ladies' Clerks' Exchange: strictly
confidential in Its operations; bookkeepers,
copyists, salesladies, clerks, etc. 101S Wash-
intgon st., Oakland.
LADY stenographer and typewriter, office
c.asliier and bookkeeper. 313 Bush st.
SITUATION for a very competent and reliable
German general house servant. 1023 Market.
I s ALKSLADIKS, new store, experienced in
notions, hosiery and gloves. 1023 Market st.
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales-
ladies for department store; office assistant
Cor Sacramento. 1023 Market Ht.
WANTED— Young woman as chambermaid In
hotel. 446 Brannan Ft.
REFINED, intelligent woman, past 30; office
Wholesale house; experience unnecessary;
references. Address box EM9, Call.
GOOD tailoress on coats wanted. 107 Fifth St.,
room 1 .
WANTED— Young girl for lady companion for
hoard and lodging; good home. Address box
3G43, Call Office.
COMPETENT and experienced girl as nurse
for two Kmall children; must have good ref-
erence. 9108 Devisadero st., near McAllister.
CHEERFUL young woman, no other: cooking,
light housework and to act as useful com-
panion to lady; no family; pleasant home;
$12. 542 Twenty-first st, Oakland.
HELP WATC-Jlti — Continued.
GIRL to do light housework: family of 2 and
baby; washing given out. 922 McAllister St.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman: light house-
work; no washing; wages $8; kind to child-
ren. 375 Lexington aye., near Twenty-first.
EXPERIENCED glove makers; apprentices on
gloves and suspenders. Carson Glove Com-
pany. 35 Market st.
WANTED— Middle-aged nurse for 2 children,
I at Fruitvaie: wages $15; apply Monday, 9 to
12. 2314 California st.
GIRL for general housework; good plain cook;
$^'0. Call Sunday or Monday at 340 Page st.,
corner Buchanan.
LADIES, don't fall to visit the McDowell
School; it is the largest and best dressmaking
and millinery school this side of Chicago; the
McDowell system of dresscutting is the one
that received all the gold medals and diplo-
mas; in our millinery class we teach you the
art of stylish millinery: unlimited lessons;
easy payments; special Inducement- offered
this week. The McDowell Dressmaking and
Millinery School, 103 Post st.
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory. Gough and Grove sts.
GIRL for housework in a small family. San
Rafael: good plain cook. 1*37 Bush st.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework. Inquire
at 2032 Pine st.
WANTED— Good plain-work ironer: good
1 wages. 790 Elizabeth f=t.. between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth.
! MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG lady barber as partner in barber shop
in Nevada; no money required. Inquire
DECKELMAN BROS.. Barber Supply House.
106 Ellis et.
WANTED— Bright woman looking for business
opening; must use good language and dress
neatly. Box 2750, Call office.
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under-
wear; a few inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36^ Fre-
mont st.
ROOMS, 25c to $1 day: $1 50 to $4 week: re-
spectable. 142 Seventh st., Girard House.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery, positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
DR. W r ISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
et. ; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
387 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions an.l .ids taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
A— MILLWRIGHT for a sawmill, country, $2
day and found, call to-day (Sunday), open;
2 machinists, $2 75 day city, and $1 day and
haJf profits of a country business. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. Telephone Main SS4S.
A— 565 WOODCHOPPERS wanted for different
places In California, $1 25, $1 and 7oc cord;
396 tie makers, Be, 9c. 10c and lie each, for
different places in California; sfi shingle and
box bolt makers; 26 laborers, city and coun-
try jobs, $26 and found; 14 farm, orchard and
vineyard hands wanted; 3 milkers, $20 and
$25; 2 butter makers, $25; 10 laborers, different
places, $1 day and board; 10 laborers tv dig
dry ditches on ranches; farmer and wife,
south, $35 and found, no children; 3 sand
teamsters, $26 and found. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. Telephone Main 6848.
A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP
MURRAY & READY are to-da> and every
day prepared to supply you with the best
skilled and unskilled help free of charge.
Hemember during the year 1597 we gave
seventeen thousand (17.000) men and boys
positions on the Pacific Coast. What we do
for others we can .lo for you — send you the
best help. MURRAY _ READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 63-J and 636 Clay St. Tele-
phone Main 5848.
A— 6 COOKS^ 1 WAITERS ]
4 Dishwashers 2 Bakers
1 Barber^ 1 Tailor j
1 colored bellboy; and other hotel and res- j
taurant places from $15 to $6."i per month and '
found. MURRAY & READT. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Tele-
phone Main 5548. j
FRENCH cook, $70; fry cook. $60; second cook,
small hotel, $50; cook, small country hotel,
$40: cook, hotel, south. $40 :
4 waiters, north, $40; 3 waiters, country ho-
tel, $35 and free fare; 5 European plan wait-
ers, $35: restaurant waiter, near city. $35;
arm waiter, near city, $30; colored waiter,
country hotel. $25 and fare advanced; waiter,
city, $30 j
man and wife for a dairy. $40: German milk-
er, $25; 2 milkers, $25; milker, Oregon, $25:
florist and gardener for an institution, $35 j
and found !
6 teamsters and S laborers for construction :
work; circular sawyer, $60 and found j
Ir.jner for a steam laundry, $30 and found j
barkeeper for a country saloon, $45 and j
found. C. R. HANSEN _; CO., 104 Geary 6t. ; j
tei. Grant 185.
•'R' "•LLCALL "- A selected list of valuable or-
ders for competent help now open at the
Clerks' Exchange Clearing-house, 313 Bush.
Traveling Jewelry salesman, notion and dry j
goods salesman, gents' furnishing salesman,
soap and grocery specialty salesman, man-
ager and bookkeeper country store, barten-
der, wine cellarman. office clerk, winema.k.r.
engineers for mining camp, 3 waiters, 2 j
cooks, hotel porter, country landscape gar- |
dener. maohinista, lathe hands, boilermakers; j
all fresh orders: Investigate. !
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth- 1
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st. |
STEADY, intelligent boy. not afraid to work; |
wages $4; store. 112 Eddy st.
WANTED— Two good canvassers. Call be-
tween 8 and 9 a. m. at 22 Post st. THE SIN-
GER MANUFACTURING CO.
DENTIST, all round man, at once. Box 267,
Call office.
LATHE and machine hands wanted at the
Risdon Iron Works, Beale and Howard sts. j
Apply at Howard st. entrance.
WANTED— A photographer; flrst-class viewlst.
Call at 21 Third St.
WE desire to make contract with 2 first-class j
specialty salesmen for year or longer; give j
references, lines handled and territory cov-
ered. CANNON & CO., lowa City, la.
WORK at home furnished people of either sex j
at good wages. For full Information address ,
LABADIE ART CO., Kalamazoo, Mich.
CONFIDENTIAL business agent: 2 traveling
salesmen; publisher's agent. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife, position of trust, $S0; charge
of light profitable business; quick advance-
ment. 313 Bush st.
STATE asent; control of agents and some
knowledge of bookkeeping. 313 Bush si.
STATIONARY engineer, $50 and board; stage |
carpenter; rent collector. 313 Bush st.
SOAP i-alesman; advance agent: office mana-
ger. $S0 and percentage. 313 Bush st.
OPERATORS on cloaks; steady work and good
wages. 723 Market St.
GOOD dlshwaeher. 29 Fourth st.
WANTED— Carriage-maker. Apply at 2220
Folsom st.
2 YOUNG men to canvass private families; pat-
ent article; experience not necessary; good
pay; must be Intelligent and neatly dressed, j
Call V) to 12 Sunday, after 5, -week days, at
, HA Sheridan st.. between Ninth and TeTnth.
2 PAINTERS. Apply at grocery corner Pierce
and O'Farrell sts.
WANTED— Men to travel through the coun-
try: must have $15. Call at 530 Pacific St.,
G. C. TERRY.
$80, MAN and wife as manager and cashier;
branch cash business, Stockton. Particulars
room 2, 313 Bush st.
YOUNG man to assist Jobbing gardener. Call
410 Maple ?L, between California and Sacra-
mento.
WANTED— Men and women; work home: I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method: any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
WANTED— Salesmen who are now or have
been selling school supplies to correspond
with the Diamond Lltho-Publlshing Co.,
Minneapolis. Minn.
GENTLEMAN of good address for outside
man. &2 Donohoe building.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SINGLE rooms, 12i<.c, 15c. 20c 25c night: 75c,
$1. $1 25 week. Elcho House. 863 Vi Market st. ;
changed hands; renovated and refurnished.
MARKET, 863V6 (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
Ufrc, 15c to 250 per night: week, 75c. 11. $1 2fi.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
il and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, ar.i be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 21 Ellis Ft.. San Francisco. Cal.
SEAMEN and green hands wanted to go in a
steam whaler. WM. LANE. KM Davis st.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean rooms; 1
nights 25c or 75c week. 10s New Montgomery.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and carpenters for
coast, Australia and Europe. HERMAN'S,
26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Secy.. 102 7th; tel. South 623.
FINE coat makers wanted. Apply bet. 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. £17 -hlrd -t.: 150 larg*
rooms; 2&c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HELP Continued.
WANTED— An Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 523 Market st., room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
BARBERS' Ass' Free EmploynVt Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye. : ■ tel. Grant 13*.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
; MEN to leai.i barber trade in eight week*. S.
F. Barber College. 138*4 Eighth st.
i WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
| Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ha ferry.
■ ROSEDALE House. 321 Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
i SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
i WANT-ED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; Jl a week. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. -
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Agents to sell Murat Halstead's
great Cuba book ; all about Cuba, Spain and
war; great excitement: every one buys it; 1
agent sold S7 in 1 day; another made $13 in
1 hour; 600 pages; magnificent illustrations,
photographs, etc.; low price; we guarantee
the most liberal terms: freight paid; 20 days'
credit; outfit free: send 10 ;-cent stamps to
pay postage. THE BIBLE HOUSE, 324 Dear-
born St., Chicago.
AGENTS everywhere, either sex; the Zarema
diamond; experts puzzled to detect from
• genuine; expense nominal; liberal commis-
sion to agents: catalogue and sample (ring
or stud) free on application. H. M. SHOUB
& CO., 78 State St.. Chicago. ■ . ■» :-*■ ■■
AGENTS Patented perforated frying-
pan cover; sells at sight: no talking: no more
greasy stoves;, no unsavory frying. KITCHEN
SPECIALTY CO.. Reading/ Pa.
PARTNERS WANTED.
YOUNG man as partner in the manufacture of
a new patent article in great demand; big
profits and no competition; Investigate at
once. 776 Howard St., corner Fourth, room 6.
WANTED — Lady with some means to join
young man in established grocery and saloon.
Box 2734, Call office. ■ ■
PARTY with $100: gilt-edge proposition: sult-
able for lady; investigate. Box 2321. Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to nil new building. 840 Mi»-
nlon et.: tel. Mint 1821. : ■
1 INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery «t. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
INSTRUMENTAL or vocal lessons given in
exchange for room or board. Address box
2588, Call office. v ;"a .•■•.•-• "i
• GENT wishes small furnished room in private
family. Box 2635. Call office. '
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
BULLTERRIER puppy; thoroughbred; 4. to 8
months old; bitch preferred. J. J. DONA-
HUE. 10 Harrison st. '
WANTED— Good bull terrier or fox terrier:
male. Call bet. 1 and 2. 803 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— goals for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city.
| PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
' PAWNBROKER— OId grid, silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
I MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
i clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures.
minerals; tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a, m. to sp. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
: anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
1 special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 28. 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth. ..■■•■
! MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
' diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50c,
i gents $1; palm, and clairv. : sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
i EASTERN professor will read cards for short
time; 10 to 7; ladles 25c. 424 Tehama st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 215 Kearny St.. room
2; mind-reader and palmist. ,
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123*4 Sixth St.. room 14.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to l
all questions; L., 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th. |
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business ;
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— in her pro-
fession; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401Leavnwth.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St., room 10, 2nd floor.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921 V4 Mission; German spoke*.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card- |
reader: 2fc up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
ance, Sun., 2 and 8 p. m. ; 50c. 322 O'Farrell.
BOOKS, occult and spiritual, at 1429 Market
st., office of Philosophical Journal.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. lIS Haight st. .
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages- and advice. 218 Stockton st.
4 MARKET Branch office of The »—l.» — 1.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
1
. HYPNOTISM-
S. F. College of Suggestive Therapeutics re-
moved to 247 Lark in St.. corner • McAllister;
10 a. m. to 4 p. m. Dr. S. Turman, President.
CAL. Institute, 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es: electrical, civil and mining engineering; j
surveying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school. for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges: accredited
with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, ' 723 Market st. :
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy. * etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
VISITING governess, holding university honor
certificate. English, experienced, desires pri-
vate pupils; would accept resident position.
Box 2642, Call office.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
, est. 1864. VAN PER NAILEN. 933 Market.
VOCAL teacher wants good accompanist; must
be good sight reader: will exchange lessons
in singing. Address box 2724 Call office.
SPANISH professor. Senora de Velez, teaches
grammatically with pure Castilian pronun-
ciation. 3458 Sacramento st. .__
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
instruments taught by lady ■ teachers. 39*1
Twenty-fourth st. ■ __
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
■ course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
PIANO and German lessens; pupil of Leipslo
■ Conservatory: moderate terms. 110 Hyde st.
MRS. FRIEDBERG, voice culture; 50c a les-
son."; 914 O'Farrellst^^
WEBSTER. 2107>4— Piano teacher; studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best, references.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238 Mar-
ket st.; 124 positions in. '96: 103 in '97.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. .MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French.
• Spanish;, new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
61". LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
. Pnbsrrlntlnns and want a»1« taken.-
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE ■ free ; divorce laws specialty; ! private;
no ' fee without > success: ■ collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, , deeds, . damages,; mort-
gages, copartnership, bllls-of-sale, - patents,
; trademarks, etc. : established 10 years. G. W. |
: * HOWE, att-at-law. S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: : . no • charge - unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 ■■ Market . st. - . - ." ::*;
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
- used g for I sale cheap; I send i for . samples ; and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery
TYPEWRITER for sale; Smith Premier; brand
new; $80 cash. Box 2595, Call . of flee. ., ,;:
TOST, '- good ■ order, $25; i send • for . sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery at.
PERSONALS.
CARD OF THANKS— The widow and brother
of the late Lieutenant of Police. William F.
Burke, take this method of publicly acknowl-
edging our obligations and tendering our
sincere thanks to the many kind friends, the
press and the Police Department for the
sympathy and kindness extended to us in the
Bad hour of our bereavement.
DELIA BURKE,
PATRICK A. BURKE.
San Francisco. March 26. 1898.
ACQUAINTANCE desired of a respectable
young lady, with some capital, wh.> would
assist in an enterprise a young man (machin-
ist) in good circumstances; object matrimony;
strictly confidential. Address with full par-
ticulars, box 2586, Call office.
GOOD looking young physician, recently grad-
uated, desires to meet unmarried lady or
young widow who could assist him financially
to purchase a practice in a good California
town: small amount necessary-; object matri-
mony; confidential. Address W . EDEN,
M. D., Ventura, Cal.
HANDSOME gentleman of means wants re-
spectable wife; no agencies need apply. Ad-
dress box 2660, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED widow (no incumbrance),
owns the house, wishes to meet a gentleman
who is able to pay expenses; object, matri-
mony. Address box 2662, Call office^
financial assistance required of la/ty to
patent valuable invention. Address Inventor,
box 2603, Call office.
NO- VINO. Dr. Terhune's Infallible cure for
drunkenness; given secretly and at home;
absolutely harmless, inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure: all druggists or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co., Dept. A, Grand Rapids,
Mi. h.
LEARN to hypnotize; greatest wonder of the
agre; makes hours of fun: I teach the quick-
est and best method on earth; you can
make the weak as strong as a lion or the
bully as timid as a child; you can cure dis^
ease or bad habits: cause others to "come"
to you, love and obey you: every wish grati-
fied; I guarantee success; elegantly Illus-
trated lesson, postpaid 10c. Address PROF.
J. R. HERRIN, box 273. Decatur. 111.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell": 16 pages; no $5 re-
qulred. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BLSINKSS PERSONALS.
I AM adding 2 large balconies to make room
for the rush; hairdressing, 25c; good switches,
$1; best, finest quality. $3 50; extra heavy,
long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LADIES may select from 2 dozen fancy waists
and costumes, latest styles, when having
photo taken at HOLLER'S, 8 Sixth: also
children's dresses; free; cabinets, $1 per doz.
LADIES' electric facial and scalp treatment;
wrinkles removed by my process. 9fr Stocktn.
MME. JAY, palmist, removed from SO6 Jones
st. to 36^ G«ary; 2 to 8 p. m.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic is always beneficial;
try it. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
PRIVATE home In confinement; connected with
housekeeping apartments. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
LADIES, my monthly regulator never falls;
trial, 10c. MRS. ROWAN, Milwaukee, Wls.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c; Bxlo and 10x12. Xc; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
28. 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
ing.all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones, s47 Mission
COME Into the largest hair dressing establish- '
ment on the Pacific Coast; best of service. '
25c only; good switches. $1; best, finest qual-
ity, $3 50; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sun- !
days from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
| ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms. :
25c to $1 50 pc- night: $1 50 to $6 per week: |
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry, j
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In j
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER ;
N. BRUNT, 535 Clay St.. S. F. i
QUINONIA Hair Tonic Is, in all cases, en-
tirely harmless. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 88.
«5 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
acrlptlons and want ads taken.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
ALASKA Gold Fields Dispatch Association
beats everything to Dawson and all Alaska
points; next messenger leaves on Queen
April 5; beat any other mall 2 months; exe-
cute trusts; letters $1. 552 Parrott building.
KLONDIKERS, your outfit is of novalue with- :
out a Eureka patented portable gold washer; ;
do not fall to take one along; you get more
gold than you can carry. 319 Bush 6t.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can, on the way up, work out $100
to $200 of their fare, via St. Michaels. Apply j
The Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran, j
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed j
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO., :
wholesale and retail grocers, 631 Washington. '
FINE Esquimaux dog for Alaska. Inquire
Cosmopolitan Saloon, Third and Townsend. ;
MONEY loaned on watches, dianaends, jew- j
eiry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay. |
PARTNER wanted for established restaurant I
and hotel on Yukon River. Box 2635, Call.
4 GOOD dogs: well broke; a snap. Sunset :
Horse Market, 145 Valencia st. I
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale j
at 510 Van Ness aye. j
YUKON dog harness; best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN, 1238 Fillmore st^
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Dane? and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard, 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves In the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-418 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Pacific st i
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter.
DENTISTS.
A~FULL set of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work '
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns. $3 50; all j
work painless and warranted. Chicago' De- I
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132« i
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless i
dentistry: no shock: painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $? 50 up; your i
teeth put In without a plate, open evenings. !
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1695. !
NEW YORK Dent'pts— Painless extraction, 60c; !
plates, $5: gold filling. 75c up: silver, 8k up;
plates mended, $1 up; open evenings and
Sundays. 960 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates are I
made; old plates made over like new; teeth !
from $8 per set: er tract Ing 60c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, geaotae Leek dent^ '
Ist, discoverer of painless extraction ar.d i
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
Sl3 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30, 31 and 32. fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUK. A. CAKE and F.~"teaGUeT
removed to Call bids?., 6th floor, rms. 603-607. \
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR J
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SKT nf teeth without a plate. DR. h] C~
VOT'NG. IS4I Polk st.
LOST.
LOST— Large blacjc Newfoundland dog white
breast; answers to name of MnUk.vT- $2T> re-
ward. 4 Eighth st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hl'.^rnln Bavingi
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of MRP. ANNIE REGAN. No. 135 60S
The finder will please return to the bank.
CASH Riven for old gold and silver jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' I.' Grant aye.
FI'RKITI'RE FOR SALE.
lUJRNITURE of 5-rcwn flat, cheap: must sell
on account of sickness. 7U7 Mission st.
FOR Sale— Furniture of 4 rooms, complete for
hi 'timekeeping, cheap. 7XSK Minna st.
FURNITURE of 6-room flat, also piano (Chlck-
ering), cheap. 804 Turk st.
FURNITURE for sale; no second-hand dealers
322 Twelfth st.
BUt.iXES3 CHANCES.^
$550; 200 . masquerade and theatrical cos-
tumes; well-located business; est. »7o; good
chance for bright woman. KREDQ & CO.,
22^ Geary st. " T
A— s2so: confectionery and icecream | parlors;
elegant place near city. KREDO & CO.. 22£
Geary st. ■ . • .- ■ - I
FLORIST; 2-acre nursery; glass 4«!; com-
plete assortment choice flowers; pot, plants.
KREDO & CO. >
j $225— SALOON; fine corner; side entrants: eas-
ily worth $600; receipts $15 dally. $REDO
& CO. I
A— s4so; PAYING corner grocer' and
bar. . I
$600— For a good-paying saloon. I.
One-half interest in good restaurant.
And other restaurants, saloons and bakeries,
at ANDERSON &■ CO.'S. 777 Mark* st.
CORNER grocery and bar, the test In
the city, will be sold at a sacrifice; r*irlng
from business. MCLAUGHLIN & Cs. 23
Kearny st. I
PARTY or partner to Join in openipr or
would enter Into already established sani-
tarium where apartments could be lad;
. . remedy positive cure; sole rights thereto se-
oure; paralysis, rupture, dropsy, eyes, Btc
Address box 2601. Call office. 1
FOR — Good opportunity; coal, hay md
grain yard; good location: horses, wagtns,
tools, etc. ; also lease of premises, lnqtir*
D. K. BESECKER. 306 Pine st. |
$2000— DRUG store; established: must sell: C-ia
stock sacrificed; owner's manager going to
Alaska. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 Eighth St.. Oakland. i
SALOON on water front: paying; piano In-
cluded; price $150; or will accept a partner
with $75. Call Pacific Coast Exchange, roans
» and 10. 1206 Market st.
$300, IF sold by April 1; restaurant; old es-
tablished; 1 block from Baldwin; a bargain;
cheap rent; must be sold. Address box 2639,
Call office.
WANTED— or gentleman to take one-
third Interest in good paying, genteel busi-
ness. Address E. X. 8., 106 Eleventh st.
GOOD paying soda water route for sale cheap.
Apply 44 Dame st., between Thirtieth and
Thirty-first.
SALOON-KEEPERS, attention— For sale, on*
of the best corner saloons In San Francisco; I
years' lease. Apply at 111 Grant aye.
GROCERY and novelty store near 2 largo
schools: established 12 years. Southeast cor-
ner Jones and Greenwich st.
PARTNER wanted; codfish and provision busi-
ness; $600; man wanted more than money;
good security. 12 Rondel place. 4
$100 BUYS State right for first-class dress-
cutting system; taught In five lessons; big
profits. Box 2636. Uaii.
$200— RESTAURANT elegantly furnished, on.
Market st. ; good reasons for selling. Apply
827 Mission St.
BRANCH bakery and notions for sale; cheap;
retiring from business; nice living rooms.
605 Bryant st.
AN old-established bakery; baking 3 barrels
daily; store trade; cheap; rent low. Inquire
at Call office.
WANTED — To buy small established busi-
ness; no saloons or restaurants. Box 2679,
Call office.
GOOD paying soda water route for sale cheap.
44 Dame St., between Thirtieth and Thirty*
first. . - ■ ••;:-.
WORKING partner with $100; I guarantee $71
monthly. Address box 2593. Call office.
PAYING fruit stand; reason for selling, sick-
ness. Inquire at 1804% Howard st.
WANTED buy good will of country sa- .
loon. Box 2585, Call office.
$500— BAKERY and restaurant; paying; fins
corner. Box 2657, Call.
$60 — BUYS grocery and bar; owner sick; must
sell. 119 Seventh st.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In- .
vest in the 'best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find It to
their Interest " to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET, Klrkwood. Cal.
$150 invested actually earns 35 per cent weekly
profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise; control capital your-
self. D.Sloane, 110 St. Paul St., Baltimore,
SPLENDID Business Opportunity— Boarding
house; good Income; steady boarders; new
furniture; for sale at a snap; $630: sickness
cause for selling; clears $75 to $100 per month.
W. P. TODD & CO., 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
PARTNER with small capital or will sell; best
little business in Oakland; no experience re-
quired; the only one on the Coast, 515 Eighth,
st., Oakland. •
WANTED — saloon; open day and night
for 50 years. 650 Sacramento St., northeast
corner of Kearny.
A— NOTION, stationery and cigar store for
sale; a bargain; $100. 15» Eleventh st.
4 SAN FRANCISCO lots to trade; perfect title;
also good restaurant. 52 Eighth st.
CORNER saloon; good stock of liquors and
cigars; bargain. 243 Fourth st.
OLD-ESTABLIPHED restaurant for sale; In-
vestigate at once. 249 Fourth st.
LADY having nice home in Western Addition,
wishes partner, artist or first-class dress-
maker, to establish dressmaking and miak-
nery parlors. Box 2776, Call office. ▼
FOR Sale— Argonaut route and other weekly
i papers; good thing for schoolboy. Box 2721.
Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. I Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GROCERY and bar for sale on account of:
sickness. 648 Minna st.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
FOR — Business of the late John Gross:
oldest established candy factory and ice
cream parlors in San Joaquin County. Ad-
dress 25 North El Dorado St., Stockton, Cal.
WANTED— Home in private family for boy 4
years old; must be thoroughly first class;
state particulars; no other children. Box
2725. Call. . .
$700— BARGAIN : good paying grocery business; "
living-rooms; central location. M. E., box 102,
Call Office.
FOR sale — Restaurant and chophouse; best
location; opposite the ferries. 18 East st.
RENT Good paying restaurant; oak furni-
ture; steady boarders. 1806 Market st.
FOR sale — Good-paying grocery store. For par-
ticulars call at 409 Sansome st.
CORNER saloon for sale on account of death;
cheap. 1121 Harrison st.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; average $18 per
day; trial given. 2424 Mission st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop; first-class trade;
good location. 1089 Howard st.
BUTCHERS' fixtures, complete outfit, for sale;
cheap. Apply 1121 Mission st.
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; good loca-
tion. 1552 Folsom st.
$275 BUYS the nicest central located restaur-
ant; clears $65 month. 406 Geary St.
$400— CIGAR store, with 4 rooms In rear. BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market st., above Seventh.
$S50 — established custom trade shoe store;
good repairing. 4102 Nineteenth st., near
Castro. ■ \f
SALOON for sale on account of sickness. Call
and see owner, 22S Brannan st.
FOR sale — One of the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at ,1509 Polk st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents: established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
' office or ».t 133 Third St.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
LODGIJVci HOUSES FOR SALE.
K^EDb^^TxT^s^cc^ssfuf brokers, 22vT"Gearjr?
48. rooms; best in city • $2,001/
26 rooms; Market; a give away 450
23 rooms; all housekeeping: make offer.. 700
17 rooms, near Plaza; always fu11.... 650
15 rooms, near Market: rent $45 300 '
14 rooms; Golden Gate: snap 400
12 rooms; Market: boarding; clears $ (a . .. 675
11 rooms: Ninth: clears $50; bonanza.. 400
10 rooms; Ellis: new and good 300
7 rooms: Market; offices pay rent — 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
$1200—80 ROOMS; clears $150; $600 cash, balance
time; snap. KREDO ,v CO.. 22& Geary st.
A FEW special bargains— l 6 rooms; will go at
any price..
13 rooms; central; very good $4"0
27 rooms; hurry up; don't miss it $50
36 rooms: a fine proposition :. 1000
If you haven't enough money, we will help
you to buy a borne.
.WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
WANTED— Good tenant; newly .papered, 30-
room lodging-house; rent $30. j SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st. .
WANTED— Good tenant for 50-room family ho.
tel. north of Market st. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. '
$600— LODGING-HOUSE; north of Market st.";
IS rooms: bargain on account of sickness of:
owner. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$700— BARGAIN : house, 18 rooms; pays well
G. E. LAWRENCE & CO.. 623 Sacramento t, a
MONEY -. loaned on watches, diamonds Jew-
dry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant. ay. J
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture,- carpets, planosT
■ household goods: : clean, ■ light compartments;
advances; made. J. . NOONAN. 1017 to lu.il
' Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
' vances made; fireproof; building F. W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. TeL Mint UXLCITY _IEA_ ESTATE.
G. B. l-MBSEN & CO..
|. REAL .^T^^AGENTS^^ g _
OVNER LEAVING FOR EUROPE.
" $13.50<-An elegant mansion of 17 rooms, 2
baths. •'■<■■.: modern in every particular; must
be seel to be appreciated; a choice part of the
WesteTi Addition; 27:6x120; 2 frontages.
- A> ELEGANT MARINE VIEW LOT.
?12.6>— Lot 70 ft. front on the north line of
Pacifl aye. ; commanding unsurpassed and un-
obstn-ted marine views; must be sold in. me-
diate], as owner is desirous of leaving for .Eu-
rope in the Ist prox. V
GOD INTEREST ON INVESTMENT.
$11. 00— Rents $956 per annum; 4 fine modern
flats md cottage; 2 lots; double frontage, i
El SCANT MANSION NEAR THE PARt
$1< 00- -Eastlake house of 17 rooms and. bath,
will lovely grounds; &0x 187:6.
. ■ THREE MODERN FLATS.
Three modern flats of 6. 5 and 4 rooms
an bath and laundry, etc., each; rents $500 per
anr-m: Post st. ; 25x87:6; owner 'will refuse no
returnable offer.
A? ELEGANT RESIDENCE AT A BARGAIN.
fooo— An elegant modern Eastlake residence
of 12 rooms and bath, basement and attic-
rriting for £900 per annum: 25x100; very nice
j, uti-.n In the Western Addition.
FORECLi< 1 ' SALE— FLATS. U.
'5730 — Rents $370 per annum; 2 elegant rtaar-
]' new flats of 6 and & rooms and bath each-
uodern; £7:6x106:3: Steiner'^t. ; an offer wai> ted.
AN ELEGANT PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOT
$5500— An exceptional bargain; 40x127:8; Jack-
ion St.; commands line views.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT CHEAP.
$5150— $552 per annum; 2 flats of 6 and
5 rooms and bath each and house of 3 rooms*
30x114; Scott st. :
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$4300— Three cottages of 6. 4 and 4 rooms and
bath each, bringing in $39 per month; 50x59:8:
buy this, occupy one and collect the rent ironi
the others; a good location in the Western Ad-
dition.
INVESTMENT ON 3RODERICK ST.
$3900— Rents $420 per annum: two 2-story
bouses of 5 rooms and bain each; 40x60; street
accepted. .
__ OWNER GOING TO EUROPE.
$30. Three flats; rents $29 per month; 25x
115; Henry st., near Market and 15th.
COZY COTTAGE.
$2900— st. nice cozy bay-window cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation, ]
etc.: stone sidewalks; street accepted: nice 10- i
cation; we will sell this on easy terms.
RESIDENCE ON DOLORES ST.
$2."00 — Very low on account of. foreclosure of ;
mortgage; nice 2-story bay-window residence of
7 rooms and bath, basement, etc.; this is a pick
up; Dolores St.; the Van Ness aye. or the Mis-
sion.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath, '
and lot near Geary and Steiner sts.
RICHMOND— GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2000— Rents $192 per annum; 2 flats of 4
rooms and bath each; 25x120.
FILLMORE-ST. CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$1300 — 27:6x110; on line of electric road; good
location for several small flats; this is a snap. j
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec- j
ords," which contains a list of properties for i
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H; UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco. , Cal.
A splendid Investment; business property,
Washington st. near Front; rented now for
$60 per month; could be Increased; price
$6500.
$8000 — Fine modern residence with splendid
marine view; Octavia, near Broadway; 10
rooms; lot 25x137:6.
Six-room cottage, all modern improvements,
. Twenty-second, near Eureka; lot 25x55; price
, only $2100; $250 cash, balance very easy terms.
Natoma, near Ninth — 1 flats; rented for $4S;
price $5000.
A number of cheap cottage homes for sale
in the Mission on easy terms.
Near Park Panhandle; modern flats: rented
for $60; price $6230; a good buy.
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS.
$5000— Vallejo,. near Devisadero; 34:4%x_7:5;
marine view; a beautiful lot.
$2100— Washington, near Spruce; 30x100.
$3000— Scott and McAllister sts.; cheap lots. I
$2000— North Clay, near Spruce; 25x127.
-Green, near Scott: 27x127.
$1400— 24 th, near Vicksburg: 25x100.
— NE. corner in Mission; 33x75; cheap.
$1500—55x114; 25th. near Castro.
$SCO— 22d. near Church: 25x114.
$975 14 th, near Noe; 26x115.
WILL BUILD. WILL- BUILD.
We will build to- suit purchaser on any of
the above lots on very easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
IBS Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
JOHN FFOKR. removed to 403 Pine at., opp.
the Nevada Bank building.
$32,000— L0t 50x155: Howard st. back to Teha-
ma. with improvements; rent $200.
$28.000— fine piece of Market-st. property;
/;3x125. with a. 3-story house.
-T $3500— Only $2000 cash wanted; balance on
'mortgage;, an excellent corner for a grocery;
on Golden Gate aye.; 50x100; a snap as its a
snap.
$4000— Only $1000 cash wanted: balance on
mortgage at low interest; Folsom st., near !
llth; house 2-story, 8 rooms and bath; lot 2Sx I
100 to street in rear, with stable.
$4250, reduced from $5000— A strictly modern
built cottage of 6 elegant rooms, bath, etc. : j
fronting Panhandle Park, between Lyon and
Lott sts; only 4 years built; building alone cost I
over M0O0: lot £5x137:6.
$14, Three 2-story and basement bay-
window houses, 7 rooms and bath each; on
Haight St.. near Fillmore; lot 65x137:6; very
cheap. ■ ■-.'•?' '-.'-■-
$7OO each— 2 lots. 33:4x100 each, near Twenty-
fourth St.. Potrero.
$1600— $1000 cash wanted, balance on
.mortgage can remain; lot on Seventeenth St.,
near Folsom, 24x100. improved; a snap.
J2700— Renting at $28; two 2-story houses, near
Pacific and Taylor sts.; always rented.
$16.000— Renting at $160; a nearly new 3%-story
modern built apartment house of 42 rooms; 6
baths and other modern conveniences lot 44
xS7:6; a splendid investment.
Only 2 left of 2-story and basement double
flats of 5 and C rooms. each; near Sixth and
Bryant Ets.; renting at $25; for sale at $2400
each; the biggest bargain out.
$14, -.('•o— Fine McAllister-St. property; rent )
>130; 2 stores below; 2 flats upstairs and large j
lot: best business portion of the street.
At a reduction to $£950 from $6500. rent $60,
4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms; lot 25x125 feet to rear
street; on Geary St., near Devisadero.
At a reduction to $6150; rent $47; a business I
property; fine 3-story . house on Geary St.,
one •block from Fillmore; store and ro^Jkis be-
low and two separate flats upstairs; paying
over 9 per cent.
$25,500 will buy an elegant business corner. ,
paying good rent, and is sure to Improve to
$50,000.
$1100— Cottage on the Potrero and lot 25x100; ■
on installments very cheap.
UNIMPROVED.
' -$3500 — Corner on Golden Gate aye. ; 60x100; no
better corner In the city for a grocery.
$550— Noe St.. near Thirtieth, 30x112.
$3100— Fine corner lot on Flllmore.
' jgQO — Noe St.. near Thirtieth: lot 86:6x75.
HERE'S a good offer to those in search of a
home: We have a sozy new $1250 home In
the delightful Heyman tract that can be
yours for $15 per month. House has four '
• rocms and bath, with brick foundations and I
lot 25. A snug little retreat for any small
family. Instead of throwing money away in j
" rent here Is an unprecedented chance to pos- ;
sess a home, close in and convenient to street |
cars. Take Mission-street cars, transfer to
Twenty-second, to Hoffman aye., and ask for
Mr. James Cotter, resident agent, who will
fhow you the property. JACOB HEYMAN,
11 Montgomery st.
ONLY $20 a month; your rent money for a new i
■"-room and bath .cottage, just completed, i
large rooms, finished basement, porcelain |
tubs, street work done; one block from elec-
tric cars. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery.
"ONE block of fine level land; 1 block from
electric road; suitable for chicken ranch or
dairy; at a bargain; $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
26 - 6xloo— CORNER Noe and 23d; fine business
corner; all street work done; easy payments.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$50 AND upward— Building lots in all parts of
the city: close to car lines: $5 monthly. JA-
COB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$50 DOWN and $13 85 monthly will buy a new
4-room and bath cottage, just built, with
level lot: convenient to cars; good neighbor-
hood; 5 already sold. JACOB HEYMAN. 11
Montgomery st.
*$10O— LOTH in Sunset District on $5 monthly
payments. . JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery st. . ■ • '
$5500—1711 Post St., near Buchanan; elegant
modern house, 9 rooms and bath; mortgage
. $3500 at 6Vi cent can remain; lot 25x137:6.
. $5600— Elegant residence, Buchanan St., near
Sutter; 9 rooms and bath; easy terms; rent $40.
$6Coo— New modern house in Presidio Heights;
. 9 rooms and bath; rent $50 per month.
• $27,500— Rents $100 per month: new improve-
ment; O'Farrell st., near Powell.
Apply DAVID STERN & SONS,
... 20 Montgomery st.
FOR Sale— completed, three modern park
' homes, 845 Bhrader st.. northwest corner of
Frederick, 12 sunny rooms, price $7500; ; also
478 and 482 Frederick st., near Shrader, 11
rooms, $0300; take any park 'car line to Shra-
' der st. J.STIERLEN,, builder, on premises.
BEAUTIFUL modern house, 8 rooms and bath;
Just finished: choice elevated -location on Ash-
bury Heights, 121 Frederick St.; must please
. the most exacting: - elegant, - convenient and
comfortable; : Haight-Kt. cars, transfer to
Masonic aye. and. Frederick st. ,■■;'.'■" .
BRAND-NEW . cottage; - Mission cars; - rental
" terms; will ■ accept trade part payment. . 413
. ' Kearny. St." - ." / • . i
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents;
established 1S&S; 626 Market St.
Several business Investments, from $40,000 to
$60,000. in downtown property; call at office
for particulars.
$7000— Elegant residence, 7 rooms and bath;
lot 34:10x117; on west side Howard, near 24th.
$10.500— Jackson st.. near Devisadero: 2 mod-
ern houses; 9 rooms and bath; lot 44x13 1 :6.
$5200— Rents $540" Rausch St.. near 7th and
Howard; 25x112.
Must be sold; 2 tine flats on HajtfS Bt., near
Buchanan; lot 27:0x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; price reduced from $3000 to I 7»»;
make offer.
3 flats, inside of Larkin, nr. Geary; new; lat-
est improvements; good-size lot; centrally lo-
cated; rents $110 per month, paying over b
per cent net; a rure opportunity for a good
investment; price $12,600.
$4000— 5 th St.. near Harrison; 25x100 to rear
street; 2 houses.
S4s<v—Bush st.. near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$2700— Church st., near Twenty-first: cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x120.
$2000— House and large stable: Twenty-fifth
St., near Douglass; lot 50x114.
$3500-Chattanooga St., near 23d; 2 cottages;
rents $2S; let 32:6x1!7:«.
$3ioo— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St..
near Third; lot 20xb0.
$2500— Shipley st.. near 4th; large house; lot
i 23x75.
$2000— Post st.. near Baker; cottage and lot;
25x137:6.
We have a large list of cottages at less than
cost that must be sold for benefit of loan asso-
ciations; call at office for permit to Inspect.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight an! Octavia sts., 1 block
Dff Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
17500— 16 th, let. Sanchez and Noe; 60x103:6.
Corner only $2250; California and Locust sts.;
37:6x107:7.
Residence: corner lot; NE cor. of Bush and
Lyon sts.: 25*100: price $3000: make offer.
Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento:
V ;6x7B:U; el<"rant location for flats; $2500.
$3000— Corner Lombßrd and Octavia; 46:6x100.
$2750— day near Spruce; 27:6x127:5.
. th st., west of Diamond; Soxll4.
$1730— Union, near Webster; 13x100.
$1250— Sixteenth St.. near Castro; 23x100.
$l(t>o— 7th aye., near .1 St.; street graded.
$:• -California St., near Twelfth aye.; 25x100.
1 and 17th aye.; f.7:«xlOO.
on B st.. near 35th aye. •
MADISON iz BURKE. 626 Martcet st.
YON RHEIN & CO., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers,
636 Market st.
IMPROVED.
I $40.000— Market and I'uge, ,r.5x120, r .5xl20 to Rose aye.
I (10,600 — Cor. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
I $15.<Hi0— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lln-
j den avo
$sooo— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
I 2 flats. 13 rooms; rent $57.
i $6250— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
$5500— Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100.
—Cor. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$6000— Howard, nr. 30th; 25x122:6: 2 flats.
$5000— Page, nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage; 6
an.l bath.
$4500— Lombard, rr - Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
•us and bath; marine view.
$4200— Shotwell. nr. 24th; 23x122:6; 2 flats.
$4000— Mason, nr Green; 30x69; 3-story house;
11 rooms and bath.
$2200 — 2d aye., nr. Point Lobos; cottage.
$2000— 24th Kt., nr. Noe; 25:11x114; cottage; 6
rooms and bath.
$1400 — Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60: improved.
« ;., .no— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
$1500— Salmon, nr. Pacific and Mason; 20x60;
rent $20.
UNIMPROVED.
$1400 — Filbert, nr. Varennes; 176x57:6; cheap.
$6000— Union, r.r. Webster; 87:6x77:6.
54" "i— Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp) 32:6x110.
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 8 lots.
16x85; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
(2500— Oak, nr. Devisadero; 25x92.
$11<j0 — Lombard find Pierce; 22:11x90.
$830— Lot in block B, Park Lane Tract.
$60(.i— Plymouth, nr. Montana; 30x100..
22:11x90; Lombard, nr. Pierce; 5 lots.
23x137:6; Pierce, nr. Lombard; 2 lots.
Ashbury and 18th; 3 lots, 25x95 each.
$500— Eighth aye.. nr. L st., 8, S. F. ; 120x100.
NOTICE OF SALE OF REAL ESTATE—
Bids are hereby invited for the purchase of
the real estate consisting of a lot 37'jxS7Vs ajid
the building comprising SIX MODERN FLATS,
situated on said lot, at southeast corner of
Filbert and Leavenworth Bts., San Francisco,
belonging to the ESTATE of ANNA GIUSTI,
deceased.
Terms— s4<X>o cash, balance on easy terms,
with interest at 7 per cent per annum.
Right reserved to reject unsatisfactory bids.
Saie subject to confirmation by Superior
Court (probate).
Address 120 Sutter St., room 27.
H. E. MATHEWB.
Executor of the Will of ANNA GIUSTI, De-
ceased.
March 2~>. 1898.
SPLENDID corner for grocery; Mission St.;
60x110; bargain and easy terms. 413 Kearny.
BARGAIN — Fine lot on Frederick St., Ashbury
Heights. Address box R2. Call office.
$800— FOR sale— Great bargain; improved lot in
Tvarm belt of Mission: half cash; balance on
time. Address box 2513, Call office.
$3000— CORNER lot. with a large house near
narrow and broad gauge cros.-insr, Oakland.
Address F., 2422 Polk St.. San Francisco.
FOR Sale — Cheap, on easy terms, a new 5- |
room cottage and bath, at 3252 Folsom St.; ;
owner on premises from 10 to 4 p. m. Sunday.
COTTAGES or flats built; plans and estimates
furnished. J. FLAHERTY, 1511 Market St.,
near Eighth.
$1250 — NEW cottage, 4 rooms, bath, basement;
Flood aye., near cars; level lot; 25xU2:G; i
monthly payments.
$300— Lot adjoining above. Inquire at Wil-
son's store, Congo St.. or 210 Sunnyside aye.
BOIi GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR,
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains'. Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $250; level building lots near
Mission-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $850; graded officially; superb |
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
POL OETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS!
$400, $4EO to $800; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down; $10
monthly. SOL OETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
BOL OETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES.
The best-situated spot in the city for j
homes; right on a car line; corner Castro and j
Twentieth sts. ; only 4 out of 28 houses re-
maining unsold; 1 large 6-room house. $3600. j
highly decorated, street accepted; 1 S-room i
cottage, $2S00; 1 6-room cottage, $2400, and 1
4-room cottage, $2250. F. NELSON, owner
and builder.
C. C. BE MIS. ~
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
Seventh pts. ; close to electric road.
$5000— Geod corner for store; must he sold;
lot r.2:4xGO feet.
$C7(Ki — "0x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Prrsidio and bay.
60-vara on Page st. : panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Barjra ln— Southwest cor. Fifth aye. and C
st. ; 109x95 feet.
CHEAP house and lot on Elate or Cherubusco
St., near Cortland aye.: lot 25x70. with neat
6-room house in good order: only $1800. Ap-
ply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents. 630 Market st.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris. 'Phon» Brown 323.
PROPERTY TO I"X< HAM. : .
NEW 7- room house and 50x160 feet ground,
total value $4000, clear of all incumbrance, in
city of St. Louis, Mo., which I desire to
exchange for a residence in San Francisco
or Oakland of equal value Address or call
..n MRS. S. MULLMR. 25 Bartlett St. S. F.
RANCH in Southern Oregon for sale or ex-
change for livery stable in San Francisco or
other business. Address box 2645, Call office,
Oakland.
EXCHANGE— Cottage; B rooms, bath; will
take vacant lot as part payment ; balance
monthly inntallments. 2670 Twenty-first St.,
near Bryant^
FOR sale or exchange for improved San Fran-
clsoo property, a beautiful residence In Ala-
meda, house of 10 rooms, with fine artesian
well, tank house and stable; also a variety of
fruit trees and grape vines; place 100 feet
front by 212 feet deep, with an L 20x75 feet;
value $10,000. 1218 Broadway, Alameda.
PROPERTY to exchange— 6SO acres of grain
and fruit land in Tehama County, 3\4 miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
dence In San Francisco in residence portion
of the city; land valued at $20,000; free of in-
cumbranee; residence offered for exchange
must be unlncumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento, Cal.
WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke-
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX,
106 Eleventh st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
CITY UK .1, ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$3000— Third aye., nr. Clement st.; cottage
• containing 5 rooms, bath, etc.; driveway to
rear of lot; lot 25x120.
$25,000— Splendid Hyde-st. corner invest-
ment; handsome brick and frame improve-
ments; rented for $237 60 per month; large lot.
GOOD COTTAGE— MUST BE SOLD.
$1250— York st., bet. Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth; a well-built house, with
stable; only a small amount of cash required
for first payment. • -
$2750— Foreclosure sale; Bryant st., nr.
Fourth; 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
this is a snap; call at once for particulars.
$3000— Rent $31; 2 flats of 5 rooms each, and
also rear house of 3 rooms; lot 25x75; good
renting locality.
DOWN-TOWN INVESTMENT.
$29.000— Rent $2200 per annum; within a few
minutes' walk from Market and Powell sts.;
handsome, new 4-story building; store and
lodging-house.
$11,000— An offer wanted; handsome new
modern residence of 14 rooms and all modern
conveniences; Gough-st. corner, convenient to
Pacific-aye. cars.
$5000— Rent $48 per month; Stevenson St., nr.
Hermann and Market sts.; good 3-story bay-
window building, containing 3 flats of 6 rooms
and bath each; in splendid repair.
A SNAP.
$3500— $50; Natoma st., not far from
Sixth; lot 25x75; improvements consist •of
3-story building containing flats.
$3000— Rent $26; 3 flats on Castro St., nr.
Twenty-fifth; lot 25x30; flats containing 4 and
6 rooms and bath each; this is a splendid
offer.
$2700— Clara St., bet. Third and Fourth sts.;
2-sU->ry building; flats 4 and 6 rooms; rent
$25; lot 25x55; improvements In good condi-
tion: only $600 cash required, balance can be
paid out of the rents.
$2250— Green St.; bargain; between Hyde
and Larkin: rent, $22; two flats, 4 rooms
each; lot has two frontages; call at once. A
snap. ;_• .;;■;'.-■:
$12,000— Biggest bargain ever offered; Broad-
way; best residence section; lot over 55 feet
frontage; full depth; 2-story residence in good
condition: 12 rooms, etc.; lot alone worth
more than price asked.
$7500— Business property; pays a high rate
of Interest: large corner lot; splendid new
Improvements: good business location in best
part of the Mission. A snap. -
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
COUSTRY REAL ESTATE.
GTTITIjMIJSEN^&rca
David Bush. Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery st.
$5 per acre — acres near Eden Valley, Men-
docino County, with about 1000 head of sheep,
about 50 head of cattle, with stock and tools;
good Improvements.
$6 per acre— 3ooo acres of the best sugar-pine
tract in the State.
$40 per acre— acres near Occidental. So-
noma County: about 20 acres in vineyard and
orchard: good improvements.
I $11 per acre— acres in Yuba County; 1100
j acres in grain: will guarantee $3400 for one-
i fourth the cror> this year.
$2000—21 acres near Colfax, Placer County:
all out in orchard; with stock and tools; good
Improvements.
For rent — Good stock rancn of 1500 acres near
Uklah; good improvements; rent $300 to No-
vember.
For rent — 4400 acres in Tehama County; good
I stock ranch, with good improvements: rent
! $1000 from May 1.
I Send for new circular.
; PASTURE lands for sale or rent; reclaimed
and unreclaimed lands; rent 10c an acre,
upward; for sale, $2 an acre upward. Mc-
I AFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery St., S. F.
SPECIAL " BARGAINS.
IN CAPAY VALLEY,
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
00 miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
SS^i acres near Winters $17 50 per acre
I 2030 acres near Esparto $20 00 per acre
160% acres near Tancred $20 00 per acre
103 acres near Winters $22 50 per acre
131 acres near Madison $30 00 per acre
'320 acres near Winters ...$3O 00 per acre
16i% acres near Capay $40 00 per acre
ALSO
12S0 acres near Swingles $ 2 25 per acre
480 acres near Merritts $16 50 per acre
j 240 acres near Dunnigan $11 00 per acre
ALSO
: 1103 acres near Willows ... $27 60 per acre
■ 800 acres near Anderson, Sacra-
mento River bottom $16 60 per acre
GRAZING LAND.
' E29?»4 acres flanking Capay Valley.s4 00 per acre
I 4?20 acres flanking Capay Valley. s2 73 per acre
3768 acres adjoining Capay Val.s2 25 per acre
2800 -' acres adjoining Capay Val.s3 50 per acre
7920 acres near Red Bluff '....$2 00 per acre
Send for our catalogue of these lands.
McAFEE BROTHERS
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
IN mining district, near Grass Valley, an Im-
proved fruit and stock ranch: 220 acres; only
$5000. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St.,
San Francisco.
SAN LORENZO Creek bottom land»; 100 acres
for sale; no better vegetable land in the
State; produces large crops of late potatoes;
superior quality; sell at highest prices; drouth
can never prevent a crop; no danger from
floods; call and inquire more about this bar-
gain; 17 miles from this city, at railroad sta-
tion. ALBERT K. CRANE. 410 Montgomery.
$1100—39 ACRES, 1 mile from Lakeport, county
seat of Lake County; 7 acres orchard; nice
residence, barn, windmill, etc.; all fenced;
grand view of Clear Lake. C. F. MOORE,
935 Market St., room 4.
$3600 FOR IV; acres within 8 minutes' walk
from Santa Rosa postofflce and court house;
fine house, 8 large rooms, besides hall, pan-
try and bath room; piped for water and gas;
large stable, barn, 3 sheds, 130 choice fruit j
trees; will sell whole or in blocks to suit.
Address R. W. BELL, 804 Tupper St., Santa
Rosa, Cal.
$5 down, $5 monthly, no Interest, no taxes,
for fine 10-acre tracts of fruit land, near Au-
burn. Placer County; over 750 acres sold: $15,
$20 and $25 per acre. .JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
$2000; REDUCED from $3500 to make a quick
sale; 22 acres In Santa Clara County; 1 mile
from railroad; 3'i acres fruit and vines; j
plenty of wood; fine trout stream ; 12 acres
can be irrigated: good house of 7 rooms: barn
and outbuildings: some personal property;
great bargain. GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny.
SWEENY RANCH
NR. REDWOOD CITY, SAN MATEO CO.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny in tracts of 100 acres
or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and vegeta-
bles; plenty of water; this property immedi-
ately adjoins Redwood City, and is only one
■hour's ride from San Francisco: suitable for
small home farms; prices- below all former
quotations' and uunn unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address I
EASTON, ELDRIDGE _ CO..
638 Market st., San Francisco,
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raising deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have a few choice subdivi-
sions of 10 to 20 acres each in the Newhall &
Wise tract which we offer at extremely low
prices, and on very easy terms; small cash pay-
ment, balance monthly; one end a half miles
from Mountain View station. Apply for full
particulars to
. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st., San Francisco,
Or WOOSTER & WIIITTON,
.West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
280 ACRES good unimproved land, Tuolumne
County: also. 160 acres, Mariposa County;
wood and water; cheap; cash. Particulars
A. BENBROOKE, 1714 Polk st.
BREWERY for sale— Located in large town,
'.central Alameda County; capacity 25 barrels
per day; complete running order; building 4"x
96, thoroughly well built, " and outbuildings;
lot central' corner, 230x225; everything re-
quired in the business; sold only because of
bad health and age of the owner; low price
and easy terms. Purchasers address C, . box
2775, Call office. •
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and j
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. j
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfleld; house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
■ 4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C. i
S. CAPP & CO., Real Est. Agts., 630 Market. J
FOR . pale— acres; fine virgin redwood and :
pine timber; near L. E. .White's railroad at •
Elk, Mendocino Count'" consisting of the NE.
' Vi of SW. 'i of. Sec. 31. township 14 N., range ;
15 west.- For full particulars as to price, etc..
apply to A. CLOCKERS. Navarro. Cal. ■
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
•.■.-.-:--.■ SUMMER RESORTS. .^
BEAUTIFUL summer resort, 8 miles from I
Santa Rosa. Apply E. F., 1352 Park St., room j
10, Alameda, .Cal. . ; ' \
HOTEL Mount View now open to visitors, for !
i guests April 1; conveyance will. meet the 11:30 j
. o'clock : boat from city: at Ross. For terms |
and particulars address MISS HUTCHINSON,
1 Ross. Marin ; County. . . . - :,->;.
ELEGANTLY furnished hotel in Mill Valley.
30 rooms, ■ baths and all latest Improvements;
: beautiful grounds; unsurpassed view; only
% hour from San Francisco: rent low. Par-
ticulars. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market.
ELEGANTLY furnished hotel in Mill \ Valley,
30 rooms, baths and all latest improvements;
.beautiful grounds: unsurpassed ■ view; only
j% hour from San Francisco :' rent -low. Par-
tleulars, MADISON. & BURKE. i 62O Market.;
. OFFICES JTO : LET. .;
$8 AND up; nice sunny offices. Apply at
SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market st. ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE, \
' 901 Broadway, cor. of Eighth st., Oakland.
$4250— A fine home in East Oakland; sold 3
years ago for $6500; modern house of 9 rooms,
2 bath rooms: extra fine plumbing; large lot:
fine stable and tank house; convenient to elec-
tric cars; mortgage of $3500 can remain as long
as desired; near local trains. -.- -
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, cor. of Eighth st., Oakland.
$50,000— heart of Oakland's business cen-
ter; fine new brick building, 3 stories and base-
ment; modern in every particular; lot COxWO
feet; location near Washington and Fourteenth
«ts. ; tenant will take 10-year guaranteed lease,
paying 6 per cent net on the investment; a
bargain.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
901 Broadway, cor. of Eighth St., Oakland.
1 $2500— A modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
lot 30x110; situated on Hobart St., near Tele-
graph aye.; big bargain; cost $3500; fine neigh-
borhood; easy terms to right parties. <■ -
WILLIAM, J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, cor, of Eighth st., Oakland.
Vernon Heights— Beautiful new home, large
lot: house contains 8 large rooms and bath;
latest architecture; rich finish; up-to-date
home; owner might consider part exchange;
particulars at office.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
801 Broadway, cor. of Eighth st., Oakland.
'** ■ • . ■•'.?♦ *
— »
i ADAMS POINT PROPERTY
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY "
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY
THE VERY BEST
THE VERY BEST
THE VERY BEST
THE VERY BEST
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
The model subdivision of all residence dis-
tricts; streets macadamized, sewered, cement
sidewalks; sidewalk trees consist of lemons,
olives, palms, acacias, etc.; only 10 minutes
to City Hall.
Finest views of Lake Merritt, foothills, etc.,
to be had In Oakland. Prices and terms will
be made to suit the first purchasers.
Call at. office and be driven to the property.
LAKE SHORE LAND CO.,
A. H. BREED. Manager,
1070 Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAP house in Oakland; Center St., near
Twelfth: $1100, only $600 cash. C. K. KING.
902 Broadway, Oakland. r - . '
CHEAP house. $1200, installments; Fifth St..
near Center-st. Station; 5 rooms, modern. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
11% ACRES, San Leandro road, beyond Fruit-
vale: $1500 cash; subject to mortgage. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
SANTA CLARA County; 15 acres near Los
Gatos; house and orchard; $2250, $1000 cash.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
1000 ACRES of land In Alameda County; ele-
gant stock land; very low. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
$2750— new modern 2-story dwelling of 8
rooms; lartre lot and street work all done;
elegant view: sheltered situation near the
lake; a choice summer home.
$1600— Cozy 5-room cottage, with lot 37%x100
feet, and stable; near Newbury Station at
South Berkeley.
$900— Sunny corner, 45x100 feet; suitable for
business or • residence; street work all done;
price reduced; nice location.
$350— Lot 25x80 feet, near San Pablo aye.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
479 Ninth st., Oakland. Cal.
FOR Choice list of cozy homes in and
near Oakland; furnished or not. HUGH M.
CAMERON, House Renting Office, 479 Ninth
St.. near Broadway Station. . .
ELEGANT new modern residence, Just
finished, 8 rooms, etc. ; 3 blocks to Broadway
and local trains; best bargain ever offered In
■Oakland.- ALDEN-OARFIELD 'CO., , 902
Broadway. ' "*- ;
$15 AND $20 — and 5 room flats for rent, with
bath and well located : furnished. ALDEN-
GARFIELD CO., 902 Broadway. '
$l&00— A FINE ranch, 16% acres, for sale, in
■ Napa County; paid $500 cash this year; beet
bargain in all Napa County; former price
! $4000. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO., 902 Broad-
way.
, $450 WILL buy a 3- room cottag-e, with lot f.0x125,
in the Alvln tract, fronting Elmhurst station; !
local trains: also electric cars; $25 down. $5
monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery.
I FOR SALE— Just completed; elegant modern
| 5-room cotttage In North Oakland; lot 50x150;
! price $2500. , • '.:'
Small new house at Golden Gate; large lot;
price $SOO. M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth st.
and Broadway, Wurts block, Oakland.
9 ROOMS: large grounds; barn; in Piedmont;
: rent low to good tenant. Apply J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
TWO chicken ranches for rent with stock. C.
WIGGS, Dimond Postofflce, Fruitvale.
FINE drug store at a bargain. E. E. BUNCE,
908 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$5 PER month rent for a nice chicken ranch,
! • or will sell it at a bargain; payments as rent. '
$75 for a fine lot; $5 cash, $5 monthly: build
your own home, or we will build it for you;
payments as rent. :
$125 for a nice lot and barn; $10. $5 monthly;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 3 electric
j car lines and fine school . near; streets all
! graded, some macadamized; soil, climate and
view the best. Call or send for circular, 459
Ninth St., bet. Washington and Broadway.
Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
FOUR special bargains in new houses Just
completed, ranging in price from $1800 to
$4000; they are ideal homes, with the latest i
' design and improvements: near local stations,
car lines, schools, etc.: must be sold at once;
be sure and examine those properties be-
fore purchasing; photographs and special de-
scriptions as to location will be mailed free
of charge. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. ■ .■■;■■ \
AN offer wanted; must be sold to save fore-
closure; 6-room house and lot 25x110 on Eighth
Ft.. 1 block from Market-st. Station; a small
cash payment and balance monthly will se-
cure it. BELDEN & COOK. 1112 Broadway,
near Thirteenth St., Oakland.
MUST be Corner lot, 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $S5 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold In whole or part: offer wanted.
.T. CALLAGHAN. Sl4 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 403
■'Eleventh St.. Oakland. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
2 NEW modern houses; open plumbing; every-
thing up-to-date; will sacrifice 1; going to
Alaska; small amount down, balance month-
ly; must sell. ' Box 2591, Call office.
$750— LOT 50x150; 2 blocks from station. Apply
at 1011 Buena -..Vista aye.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ~ ~~ '
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, *1.'200, $2600. $3000.
The nbove are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on ♦'■ • market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almnßt new, ; and located near schools and sta-
tions. ■ ■ •'. . '- ■ • ■'■ ■ ■'.. '■• : '.' ■ --,■■ -. ■"-■■.•.■*
. We are going to weed them out and invite
Inspection. . MARCUSE ft REMMEL
Bay-st. station, Alameda;. and 628 Market st,
■ San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BEAUTIFUL home in Alameda, half a block
from station, narrow gauge: house 5 rooms
and > bath; lot 50x125; choice flowers; price
. $1580; $30 down; balance $15 per month. Box
■ : 2560, Call office. .
$750— Lot 60x270; modem cottage 6 rooms, near
: schoolhouse. . .
Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of, 4 rooms. --; .- . .
;:sieoo— oxlso; -fine cottage of 7 room* and
bath: near , Chestnut station.
• $2860— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and nign school. ;
$3750— New house 'of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
! Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st
- LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
■ Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO. .132 Market st.
:; ST^LJES^JTO^LET. ".. v , j
STABLE or -stalls to let,- with wagon room.
1118 Harrison st. ". ... ;'- : ,-.';•-.,>
FRtITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER.
Choice list of great bargains in Frultvale.
$125 each— 4 choice lots, 25x125 each; all
fenced; fine location; must be sold; cost
owner $950.
$225— House of 2 rooms; small stable; Jot
25x106; near station.
$325 — Cozy bay-window cottage of 4 rooms;
hard finished; well and force pump; lot 25x
106; fenced.
$350—2 lots, 35x110 each; street work and
sewerage all complete; a great bargain.
$600— House of 4 rooms and basement; fruit
trees; lot 35x115; only 1 block from Frultvale;
terms $50 cash, balance $10 per month.
$Sso— House of 5 rooms; good well and force
pump; barn: 2 chicken houses; fruit trees:
shrubbery; hothouse: lot 75x108; all fenced.
$1000— Cottage of 5 rooms; 8-foot basement:
small house of 2 rooms In rear; lot 2Sxl^.
$1250— House of 4 rooms and bath: stable:
chicken house; lot 100x140, with 30 full bearing
fruit trees of a variety; all fenced.
IlSOo— House of 5 rooms and bath: barn:
chicken house; fruit trees; lot 100x105; all
fenced; near station.
$1550— New cottage of 4 rooms and bath; 7-
foot basement; corner lot, 55x122; fenced.
$1650— Story-and-a-half cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; sanitary plumbing: fine mantel;
reception hall; rooms beautifully tinted and
frescoed: 2 chicken houses; lot 50x125; all
fenced; a great bargain.
$3250— Beautiful new 2-story house of 7
rooms: large reception hall: nice mantel:
electric wires: gas fixtures: porcelain bath;
nickel plumbing; cement basement; large lot;
street work and cement sidewalk all done;
excellent location. H. A. PLEITNER.
Frultvale Station, Cal.
GO to Frultvale to-day and see those fine new
homes, close to station: easy terms: 4. 5 & 6
ro^nis, 1). Pratt. Fniitvale (Md'urthy Co.)
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
60x125, ADJOINING the university grounds,
Berkeley; price $Sf>o; also lot opposite Ashby
station; $360; will give deed and take mort-
gage for five years to people who will erect
small house. M. L. WURTS. Seventeenth
St. and Broadway. Wurts block, Oakland.
HOME In 5 mlnutea* walk from beautiful
North Berkeley Station, lot 40x134; 4-room
house, liath, splendid well, ham, fine marine
View, (ISO Inquire S. TAYLOR, Berkeley
Station; show plaoe Sunday morning.
A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7 rooms;
large lot; street work done: near university;
easy terms. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Es-
tate. Berkeley station.
ihONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6*£ per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 %o 1C23 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st: tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell Bt.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 50S California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortf.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any Bum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister •t.
SIXTH, 10— Most reliable pTace to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry-
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKKRS.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. ; private rooms.
MONEY WANTED.
11500— AN Al Improved property first mortgage;
state interest rate. Jt"X -<■*•'■ ''tli offl.-e.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
CENTRAL AYE., M 4, bet. Golden Gate and
McAllister St.; house of 12 rooms, stables and
chicken-houses; rent $20; water free.
DEVIS.\I'I".I:< ', 7-7— House 7 rooms, bath; rent
cheap; 3 car lines.
DOLORES, 821, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second — 6 rooms and bath; rent $14.
HOUSE to let; partly furnished; 9 rooms; $45.
727 Ashbury st.
HYDE, 609, near Gears'— Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; |60; appreciated if seen.
NICE modern bay-window house. 1331 Golden
Gate aye., between Filimore and Steiner sts.;
6 rooms and bath; plumbing and everything
in good order: rent low to good tenant. Ap-
ply to P. C. MOLLoY, 138 Montgomery st.
NICE sunny house, 7 rooms and bath; 1
Golden place. Golden (Sate aye.. between
Hyde an.l Larkin sts.; rent only $21 50. Ap-
ply to P. C. MOLLOY. 1"S Montgomery St.
PERRY, 212— Bay-window house, 4 rooms and
basement; rent $12 60; water free. Apply to
UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery St.
SUNNY house; 7 rooms; modern: cheap to good
tenant. Broderick, near McAllister st.
$B— A REAR house of 4 rooms; newly reno-
vated; water free. IS Natoma st.
$16—9 room! und bath; corner Hermann and
Stevenson. Apply ITM Market st.
$25— HOUSE and large bam, 6 stalls; 126 Clara
St. NICOL. 410 Kearny st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen; please investigate.
SUTTER, near Jones— A sunny house of 9
rooms furnished or unfurnished. For par-
ticulars address box 25P'1, Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMyT 3824, near Guerrero— Sunny cottage, 5
rooms; basement; bath.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; fine basement; rent
$20. 2915 Bush st.
COTTAGE, :i rn..ms: large yard; 1377 Harrison
»t • rent $10; also 4 rooms, 812 Jessie st., near
Ninth; rent $S 50: keys In grocery.
FORD, 14. off Bandies, bet. 17th and 18th—
Cottage of 5 rooms; bath and garden.
TWENTIETH, 4437— Seven-room cottage, bath,
laundry and basement; suitable for small
business.
4^ $10; 5-r. (new), $15: 7-r. (new), $17; 8-r.,
$IS. or will sell. $50 t<> $200 cash; bal. like rent;
see 'em. THE MCCARTHY CO., C 46 Market.
4 ROOMS $1'». or "ill sell $50 cash: balance $12
per mo. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— s9; NICE cozy flats near Odd Fellows'.
A— slo; nice flats, Geary St.; 19 days lree.
A— s4s house, reduced to $32 50. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st.
CHEAPEST flats in the city; 11 and 11>6 Ful-
ton near Larkin; a and 6 rooms; hath, etc.;
within ten minutes walk of Kearny st. Ap-
ply MADISON ft BURKE.
DOWNTOWN modern lower flat 6 rooms, oc-
cupied by owner; will vacate to suit tenant;
open 10 till 1. 319 Jones st.
EDDY, 1541— Desirable sunny corner flat, 6
rooms; modern Improvemts; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT top flat; 5 rooms, bath; latest im-
provements. 145 Grove St.. near City Hall.
FAIR OAKS, 203, corner Twenty-third— Flat
four rooms, bath; furniture for sale; going
East; call any time Sunday.
FELL. 1118— Upper flat t sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FELL, HIS, near Devisadero— Upper flat, 6
sunny rooms; alcove parlors, etc.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath: modern Improvements.
3442 Twentieth st., cor. Capp.
HAIGHT, 485, near Filimore— Flat 6 sunny
rooms: latest improvements; separate en-
trance; $24.
JACKSON, 1511. near Larkin— Sunny upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25. BURN-
KAM & MARSH CO.. 62^ Market St.
MISSION, 15UH, near Eleventh— s large sunny
rooms; bath, laundry and yard.
MODERN 5-room fiat. 125 Ash aye., bet. Polk
und Van Ness, near McAllister.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat. 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
POLK, ISl9— Sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. . -
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 If you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
RITCH, 210 V,, off Bryant, near Third— sunny
rooms and yard; rent $10. - ' ■
SUNNY flat, 5 large rooms; modern Improve-
ments. ■ 27 Elgin Park. •
SUNNY bay-window corner flat of 7 rooms,
: bath, gas, yard. Northeast cor. Dolores and
Fifteenth sts.
SUNNY upper flat 5 r., $14; lower flat 4 r.. $12.
631 Bryant St.. near Fourth. ;
TO LET— roms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan st., near Stanyan.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3217, near Mission— 4 rooms;
• rent $12.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3553— sunny rooms, bath;
Twenty-second-st. cars pass door.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3640— . sunny flats. 5
and 6 rooms; modern improvements; reduced.
UPPER flat. 5 rooms and bath; cheap rent:
1304 Post st., close to Van Ness aye.; Geary
- or Sutter-st. care.
UPPER flat 6 rooms and bath; all sunny; rent
• $21. 220 Thirteenth St., near Howard.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13. $14. $15. $1S and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth St.
$7— SUNNY lower flat, 3 rooms. 31 Rondel, oft
Sixteenth, near Valencia. ■ .- ■-.
j $9— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St.. off
Market, near Valencia.
$40— NEW upper flat, 7 rooms, bath. 1125 Tay-
lor St.. near Clay.
$11— CHEAP rent: 837 Alabama st.; sunny 5
rooms, bath and yanl. ■ ■ .•'-■->-. ':■
$13— NICE sunny flat, I rooms, bath; gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
WATER free; sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern; large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty-third
St., few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
j $30— LOVELY new sunny upper flat, 7 rooms
and bath. 2324 Sutter st.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms.
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
615 LARKlN— Branch" office of The Call. Sub-
. scriptions and want ads taken.
FURNISH ftp FLATS. .
NICELY furnished flat, 5 rooms and bath;
piano, etc.; $25. 1745 Hyde st.
WATER free; f;'<-st-class corner flat, 8
.rooms. 6 fronting streets; well furnished. Ad-
' dress 120 gutter St., --."xim 27. .
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRYANT, 430, nr. 3d <-Sunny pleasant house-
Keeping rooms compete, $!» up; single, $7.
BUENA VISTA aye., '*5, near cor. Baker and
Haight— 2 sunny fur. jrooms, housekpg, cheap.
BUSH, 1203—3 furnished rooms and bath for
housekeeping. ' . . .
CLAY, 1026—3 large robins; all conveniences for
housekeeping; $9. i ri
CLEMENTINA, 358, Let. Fourth and Fifth-
Two neatly furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap. • '
DIAMOND, £16—3 large sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping: bay-window: bath;
price $0; Castro or Twenty-fourth st. cars.
EDDY, — Two or 4" unfurnished or furnished
room's; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence. -, .'
EDDY, 917— Sunny, nicely furnished connecting
housekpg rms.; gas range; splendid . location.
ELGIN PARK, 36, off Thirteenth— Parlor floor
of 3 or 4 sunny completely furnished house-
keeping rooms; running water; every con-
venience. •
FAIR OAKS, 94, corner Twenty-second— Nice
sunny large front unfurnished room.
FIFTH, 309— New house; nicely furnished
suites; regular kitchen; run'ng. water; $12 up.
FOLSOM, 739— Nice sunny rooms for house-
keeping. $1 75 up.
FOLSOM. 1581—2 housekeeping rooms, partly
furnished; rent $8-
FULTON, 121 — sunny front rooms for house-
keeping; large yard; rent $10. '
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Large alcove front
rooms for housekeeping; running water; gas
range; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 620— Sunny furnished flat;
bay window; for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE, 1051>— One sunny unfurnished
room; running water; close
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suites with gas stove.
HARRISON. 946— Nice sunny front rooms com-
plete for . housekeeping; also single rooms;
reasonable.
HICKORY aye.. 106, near Franklin— nicely
furnished sunny rooms for housekpg; cheap.
HOWARD, 504—2 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping: bath and gas; very reasonable.
HOWARD, 1138, bet. Seventh and Eighth—
■ Sunny front room: kitchen; rent reasonable.
JESSIE, 333— 511; 2 furnished, housekeeping
rooms; sunny yard.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Large
room and kitchen: unfurnished; reasonabl?.
LINDEN aye.. 244—2 unfurnished rooms, suit-
able for housekeeping, $5.
MCALLISTER, 322— single front sunny
room: also 1 back sunny room suitable for
light housekeeping: rent $7 and $8.
MISSION, 561, near Second— sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping: cheap rent.
MISSION, 1063— Sunny rooms complete- for
housekeeping; no objection to children.
MISSION, 1217—2 large sunny furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
MOSS M, off Howard, near Seventh— fur-
nished rooms or more for housekeeping; sunny
yard. • ._ .- ■ ■ '
NINTH, 20— Sunny suite, complete for. house-
keeping, $11 mo.; single. $5 up; water and gas.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Front bay-win-
dow; kitchen; gas stove ; bath; mantel; $15.
PINE Front sunny furnished room; fold-
Ing bed; stove; $9: front single, $6.
POLK, 522— Housekeeping rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; single or en suite; prices reas.
POLK, 1821—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping; rent reasonable. ;
POST, 1304, close to Van Ness aye.— Unfur-
nished; 5 rooms, - bath, suitable housekeeping.
POST, 1427—2 or more single or housekeeping
rooms; partly, or unfurnished; reasonable;
- private. .- '•'•■ - - ■
SEVENTH, 136— Nicely furnished rooms; for
housekeeping; sun all day; large yard. -
SUITE of two nice front sunny housekeeping
rooms; two fine double folding beds: furniture
all new; rent $3 per week; suitable for 3 or
4 persons. Apply at shoe store. 562 Mission
St., between First and Second stB. ' ■
SUNNY unfurnished rooms; marine; view; $4.
266 Chestnut st. . . . - . ■
TENTH, 136, corner Minna— housekeep-
ing rooms; very reasonable. ; -•
THIRD, 309— Furnished . . room . complete : for
■ housekeeping, $5 to $7; sunny bedroom, $4.
THIRD, 516—3 pleasant sunny rooms for house-
, keeping, with bath:. slo per month.
THIRTEENTH, 405%— unfurnished rooms;
bath and yard ; $11.
TURK, Furnished rooms ; for housekeep-
ing or suites. -
TWELFTH. 145—2 pleasant sunny, rooms . com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per, month.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367. near Mission—
nished sunny housekeeping suites; $9 and $11.
TWO or more sunny furnished rooms for '
housekeeping; bath; separate; $10. Call 1745
Hyde st. " '
VALENCIA, 304— or 4. nice sunny bay-window
rooms. ■ furnished or unfurnished. . ;
VAN NESS aye., 518—2 front sunny, rooms,
complete for housekeeping. 115. .
WILLOW aye.. 30, between Eddy and Ellis*-
Furnished room for light housekeeping; 2
closets and bath; $£• ■ -: . - '■ .
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:»
. o'clock; branch office of The Call. Bub»crlp-
tlons and want ad* taken. - ■"
ROOMS TO LET, .
A.LTON, 204 McAllister— Sunny front rooms and
suites also; 3 complete for housekeeping.
ARLINGTON j House, ■ 127 1 Kearny St.— Pleasant
• sunny rooms,; en suite and single; first-class
:„ in ' every respect; terms reasonable. . ;•;
BOND. 16, oft Mission— Nice large I front room
and ■ kitchen ; complete: $12 month ; also nice
- front room; : suitable lor 2 gentleman. ■ ';■.;;«
BRADY." 44. off Market— Flat of 3 unfurnished
i| rooms; cheap; small family, j
BROADWAY, 700, corner Stockton— Three hand-
somely furnished connecting parlors, suitable
: " for doctor or dentist; has • been ■ occupied *by
,"; doctor for 14 years; reasonable rent.~rr--~.-t;.-.,
BUSH, Beautiful ■ sunny suite and single
.: room; -bath, etc; gentlemen only; private.
BOHEMIA, 239 . Post— Newly - furnished; fami-
. j lies and , gentlemen: \ references given. - ' ■ • .
CENTRAL House, 52 Good family & single
. rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 25. $2-50; mo.. $5 up.
DELAWARE. :; 1161 V Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites."
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman. $5 50.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week, $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 522—1 large furnished room' afternoon
sun; $10 to $12.
EDDY, 603— Pleasant unfurnished room; use of
laundry; garden; cheap.
FELL, 478— Pleasant sunny unfurnished light
housekeeping room; bath; quiet fam.; $6 mo.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FIFTH, 314— 51 week: large sunny furnished
room; bath, closet; private. Call Monday.
FOLSOM. 766 I*—Large1 *— Large furnished room, $4; all
conveniences.
FOLSOM, 900',i— A large sunny front room; rea-
sonable.
GEARY, Bifl T_Tjpi sunny bay- window room;
sunny suites; other rooms; light housekpng.
GEARY. 667— Large, desirable nicely furnished
front room.
GKARY. 774—2 large furnished sunny parlors,
with bath, in private family.
GKARY, 801— Etegant furnished bay-window
suite: mantel; central: reasonable; new cor-
ner flat.
00-iDBN GATE, 219— Furnished hall room;
_k» inside; $4 to $6.
GROVE, __— Neatly furnished room, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen, $7.
HANCOCK HOT'SR. 7SI Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 716, ST. DAVID'S — 200 room*;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOTEL KAISERHOF. Sl6 Saneome St.. bet.
Pacific and Broadway— Nice sunny furnished
roms for rent: 75c per week up; also house-
keeping rooms, cheap.
JONES, 170», near Broadway— 4 nice gunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent $13.
LARKTN, SO4 Sur.ny furnished room, 1 or I
persons, $6: single room, $5.
LEAVEN WORTH, 1521—2 or 3 large rooms;
hot water: bath; lower part of private house;
rent cheap.
MCALLISTER, 611— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running witcr; bath; gas; rea_,
MINNA, 442— Sunny single room, $4 a month.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION, 763— A fine large furnished front
room for gentleman.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NEVADA House. 132 Sixth— Select rooms. $1 SO
to $4 50 week, $6 to $15 month; also house-
keeping.
OAK, 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms, $8
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
OCTAVIA, 2— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; hall bedroom; $4 ur: private fam.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 231— Having changed hands;
rooms thoroughly renovated; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished. $10; front single room. $6.
POLK, 17— Front double rooms, $8 and $10; also
single, $1 week up.
POLK, 607—1 or 2 large sunny front rooms;
kitchen if desired; very reasonable.
POST, 216—3 connecting rooms, suitable for
doctor or dentist.
POST, 605— Elegantly furnished rooms, single
and en suite; terms reasonable.
POLK 919— Elegant large sunny front par-
lor, $15. _
POWELL. 317. formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny room*: reasonable.
POWELL, 319— Sunny furnished rooms for
sleeping; facing Union Square ; sl2 and $10 mo.
POWELL. 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
POWELL. 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suite*
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
SACRAMENTO, 3245, near Lyons— l sunny
front room; bath and gas.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE. 16-18 Mason— European ; e\s-
gant rooms; suite or single; day, week or
month; baths; hot and cold water; van-lent;
elevator.
SIXTH. 244— Nice sunny single rooms. $5 per
month.
STBVKNBON, 79, next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
SUTTER. 407— One single room for a gentle-
man.
SUTTER. 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable; investigate.
TAYLOR. 112— Suites from $3 50 week up, with
use of kitchen; 50c and $1 a day.
TWELFTH, 239— A large furnished sunny front
room, suitable for, 2 gentlemen; $7.
$4 PER month: sitting and bedroom, furnish-
ed; sun half day; gentleman. Box 2565. Call.
$7 50— HOUSE of 3 rnomp; nice yard. Apply
cor. Fillmore and Herman, in grocery.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
BEAUTIFUL newly furnished sunny room*;
southern exposure: with board: building Just
completed; Van Ness; references. Box MSi,
FELL. 26— Sunny parlor, with lst-class board
for 2, $35 mo.; single rooms; gents preferred.
FINE turkey dinner, 25c, Sundays, 4 to 7 p. m.
122Va Turk st.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON, 833 (The Miipah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite: exceptional table; terms very rea-
sonable.
FI'LTON. 833 — Two unfurnished front rooms
with board. The Mizpah.
HYDE, 408— Front sunny alcove and single
rooms; first-class board, couple, $36 mo. up.
HYDE MS— Sunny suites: first-class boarti;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTIIKItTON.
LARKIN, 2614— Room and board in private
fr.mily for man and wife; use of piano;
marine view; cheap.
MISSION. 1165— Front room, with board, $15
per month.
ROOM and board; either lady or gentleman;
terms reasonable. 507 Franklin st.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week, with nice sunny front^ room. $4 week.
TURK. 812— Nice room two gentlemen: bath;
gas; grate; board; private family; $35^
VAN NESS aye., SOR— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED- Child to board; best of care; term*
$10. 1034 McAllister st.
WIDOW with a comfortable home would like
2 children to board; terms reasonable. 51
Ciara st^
A FEW children boarded: a fine home and
mother's care. 'Address box 2637. Call office.
WIDOW wishes a few children to board;
good home. Box 2504, Call office.
WIDOW^ would like 1 or 2 children to board;
motherly care. ;3, r >i* Natoma st.
WIDOW having her own home would like the
care of a baby; mother's care. MRS. SHIV-
ERS, Antloch, Cal.
GERMAN lady wJthoot children would like 1
or 2 children to board; a mother's care. Ad-
dress 134* Harrison aye., off Folsom, bet.
Seventh and Eighth.
CHILD to h'lar-i in family: mother's care;
terms moderate. 312 Hickory ave^
AN olderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's care; reference?, 234 H Sixth »c.
STORES TO LET^
ASHTON & GARDINER.
411 Montgomery st.
$15—1506 Market St., nr. Octavia st.
$35—859 Mission St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
$50—1532 Market st.. nr. Larkln st.
$22 50—826 Howard St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
$15—234 Montgomery aye., nr. Broadway
$23— 33S Fourth st., nr. Harrison st.
$50—17 City Hall Square.
$20— 17 Pacific st., nr. Drumm.
j4O_2rt Sacramento st., nr. Ferries.
$18— 3042 Sixteenth st., nr. Valencia.
$1S — 1229 Dupont St., nr. Vallejo.
$40—717 Larkln St., nr. O'Farrell.
|120 — 479-485 Valencia St., cor. Sixteenth.
$36—238 Montgomery aye.. cor. Broadway.
$B—l6oo Pacific aye., nr. Polk st.
$20—37 Second St., nr. Market.
$40—314 Montgomery »ye., nr. Dupont st.
$25—1104 Valencia St., nr. Twenty-second.
$15 — 229 Fourth St.. bet. Howard and Folsom.
$55—713 Larkin St., nr. O'Farrell.
$18 — 527 Broadway, nr. Montgomery aye.
$10—1132 Valencia St.. bet. 22d and 23d.
$16 — 118 Turk St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
STORE, with rooms, 2946 Mission st. ; occupied
for 9 years as cigar and stationery store;
near school.
FINE store, suitable for a grocery- Southwest
corner Fell and Lapruna sts. ; rent reduced.
TWENT Y-BECON D, 3328— Store, 3 rooms and
hall; large yard; rent $15.
BARN to let— Southwest corner Hyde and Fil-
bert sts.; 25x70; suitable for coal yard; $12 CO,
Apply U C. BABLN. 413 Kearny *t.
1314
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? - YOU ARE
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL NOW, WHAT DO YOU ".VANT?
A piano made In IS9S. with every dollar ex
tended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1549 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own bu I d
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
ba^k this instrument with 52,000.000. this. I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price is $225.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the |
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains ;
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinwav Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutte
its.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
A west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
trades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible dor.c to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano - 7
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell.
FINE Steinway piano, left on storage: cheap
for cash. DEWINQ'S, room 12. Flood build-
ing: agency for Hardir.an, Chase Bros., etc.
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered |
by Zeno Mauvais Music Co., 769 Market; agts. j
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
BOH ME & CO.. Byron Mau=y, Newby. Evans, j
Briggs and other pianos; tee our rent pian;
no interest first year. 303. 310, 312 Post St.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. FATOX ESTATIJ. 735 Market St.
2 FINK upright pianos at a sacrifice; for stor-
age and repairs. 850 Howard st.
$100: FINE large upright piano; great bar-
gain. X 3. 120 A Eddy st
FINE upright cheap: for rent or installments.
16 McAllister St., next to Hibernia Bank.
HORKUXG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 334 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, SO O'Farrell st. __
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
' {SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis
HORSES.
t4o^SOrNE>T"stocky saddle horse; used to
Yoseniite trails: suitable for Klondike. City
Front Stables. 20 Clay st.
FOR Sale— Cheap: young horse, bay, sound,
good traveler; suitable for delivery wagon;
about 1100 pounds. 3.73 Nineteenth St., near
Valencia. ;
TO rent— A stable for livery or dairy business;
good location. Address box 2728. Call office.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st.
■WANTED— old horses free from disease j
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad- \
dress Manager of the Zoo. Chutes, city.
«0 HORSES for sale; also wagons.' buggies, |
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mm- •
ket. 527 Sixth St., auction sale 3 every Wed-
nesday. STTT..T.TV A V *- TWVLK!. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES.
AS owner has no use a buss, seating 26 per-
sons, also a hack. 4013 Folaom St., of- Core- J
land aye. ' j
LIGHT grocery wagon; good as new; one light
buggy. 1370 Turk st.
FOR Sale— Fine business buggy; also light top i
buggy. 903 Golden Gate uve. ■
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and opeD ]
buggy: also l hack. S2S Harrison st.
FOR SALE-MISCELLA.VEOIS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hana machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale at. |
THE leading violets tor the leading people;
CO 000 strong plants for sale; Princess of
Wales and Lad Hume Campbell, $3 per 100,
Jl 75 per 50: Golden Gate, California. Marie
Louise and unley White, $2 per 100, $1 25
per 00.
Also 400 assorted ralms from 1 to 3 feet
high, from 25 cts. to $1 25 each; shrubs in ,
variety: dahlias a specialty, 5 cts. each. 50 ■
cts. per dozen; seeds • for salt from finest
strains: special rates to the trade.
C. CROCKFORD, Grower, Colma, San Ma-
ten Co.; take San Mated electric-car.
HART. piano, Boehm flutes, clarionets, saxo- i
phones, hor^s and variety of other instru-
ments; Sala transit and level, tents, side-
saddles, guns, revolvers; all high grade; low
prices; no dealers. 3941« Twenty-fourth st. .
EGGS tor hatching: thoroughbred Black Mi-
norcas and Barred Plymouth Rocks, $1 per 15. '.
2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda. ,
SCOW schooner; .small; cheap for cash; 12 tons
register. Call at 410 Maple st. ■
DOUBLE-BARRELED shotgun; 12 gauge; I
cheap; almost new. L. C. V., 414 Fulton st.
ANGORA goat for $5; value $16. 2555 Green- I
wich st., or box 1640, Call office. ' I
FOR Sale— First-class Edison electric parlor
outfit. Address box 2567, Call office.
FAMILY cow; fresh; " gallons; kind and gen-
tle; cheap. 11l Jersey St.. Church and 24th. ;
GREEN and yellow canary birds and cages;
also double ornamented fence. 441* 19th st.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings reduced to
?96; cost Jl9O. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
'FOR SALE— St. Bernard, Great Danes, fox ter-
riers, black French poodle dogs and bithehes;
closing out kennels. R. WANNUMUACHER.
108 Fourth st.
SCHOONER yacht, 44 feet long, keel boat;
good condition. Box 2764, Call office.
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos, electri-
cal goods; new, 2d hand. Smith C 0. .527 Mission.
FOR SALE— pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects, 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment; 1 I
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HIT- j
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap. !
854 Mission st. '
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- ;
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and j
office furniture and fixtures; new and sco- |
end hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-102J
Mission St.. above Sixth. i,
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand i
'building material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So. 787.
"WHISKY, Kentucky, '97; bonded warehouse. I
San Francisco; .We gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
BAFES and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
E \ FES — Bargains in new and second-hand: all j
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, *5 per doz.; j
Projectoscope. $100. BacigaUjpl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press, !
desk an.i safe cheap. 102 Clay st. j
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
. repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ":
|2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired,- bought, sold; j
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. phone Mint 45. |
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O" DO:. NELL, office and residence, I
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty. !
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for School Books— Office ~of the
Board of Education. City Hall, San Fran- |
cisco, March 12, 189 S.
In accordance with resolutions adopted by the i
Board of. Education, and in compliance with |
the law,; sealed proposals will be received in |
open session of the Board of Education, City
liall, on WEDNESDAY, May 11, IS9.S, from 3 1
to 3:30 o'clock. p. m., for supplying the pupils I
In the public schools of - this city and county
■with suitable school text books in the follow- j
ing-named branches: Drawing. Music, Busi- !
ness Forms, Ejementary French and German, !
Bookkeeping and Supplementary Reading.
It Is proposed to change or readopt text boons I
on the foregoing subjects.
All bids must be for four years: must state ;
the book or books offered, and must be accom-
"tian'.ed by ■ sample of each book offered.
Bidders' must give wholesale price to deal- |
' ers of each book, an J" also the retail price or
each book In San Francisco.
Bidders are required to state on what terms, !
in the event of their bids being accepted, they
will substitute such books for those now in use
Successful bidders must sign a contract and
file a good and sufficient bond In such amount j
as may be designated by the Board of Educa-
ti I he board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids or any portion of any bid. as ; the
PU T hl C S&TS a,e awarded
will V required, prior to or at the time of
Ssss s the C S^ES°w ay^CH. ad -
vertising. ~ .Secretary.
MEDICAL,. S v .
ALL Ladies— C only ■ Vs. -and "Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace !
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, borne,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no .
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 59
McAllister st.; pills. $2.__
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 918 Post St.. nr L Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
- physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled- 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills. $2. . r
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con- .
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk St.
SURE" cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman' her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause: restore ill 1 day: never fails: consujta- ;
tion free: can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 31S Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what- ■■
ever cause); no instruments used: cure at of-
fice. ?5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market St.
LADIES. Chlehester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best: safe, reliable: take \
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price ;
$1 60 RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send \
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Maun- ,
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
edies; 33 years' experience. 254H Fourth at.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. "
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
CARFE'I CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eight i st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 58-87 Tehama St.; tel. So.^o.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. 402 Sutter; .
tel. Main 394. GEO, WALCOM. Proprietor. j
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning |
Works, 14 Sth St. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201. i
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning, 3c. a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
MODERN bay-window cottage. « rooms, bath,
gas mantel, etc.: laundry and servant's room
in basement: I 1I 1 blocks from New City Hall ]
and postofflce. Address box 2653. Call office. j
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the.
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
KILL, deceased.— Notice of sale of real es- ■
tate.
Notice is hereby given that in pursuance of
an order of the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California, |
made on the 21st day of March, IS9S, in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL. deceased, the undersigned, ANNIE H. \
TERRILL, as executrix of the last will of
said CHARLES C. TERRILL. deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder, in
one parcel and for cash in the gold coin of j
the United States, on or after the 12th day j
of April 1S!'8. the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. F. PRESTON, ESQ.,
1004-1007 Claus Spreckels building, San Fran-
cisco, all the right, title, . interest and estate
of the Bald CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
time of his death, and all tne right, title and
interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
addition to that of the said CHARLES C.
TERRILL at the time of his death. In and
to all that certain lot, piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which is bounded by a line com-
mencing at the southwesterly corner of Va-
lencia and Hermann streets, being the point
of intersection of the southerly line of Her-
mann street with the westerly line of Va-
lencia • street, and running thence southerly
along the said westerly ! side of Valencia I
street seventy-five (75) feet to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel |
with Hermann street, ninety (90) feet to a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
line parallel with Valencia street, twenty-
five (25) feet to a point; thence at a right
angle westerly on a line parallel with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (75) feet; and to a j
point in the easterly line of Elgin Park; >
thence at a right angle northerly and along
the said easterly line or Elgin Park, one
hundred (100) feet, and to a point in the said I
southerly line of Hermann street; and thence i
easterly, along the said southerly line of |
Hermann street, one hundred and sixty-five
i 166) feet and to the point of commencement,
the same being a part of Mission block num-
ber twenty-two (22) as the said block is
shown and so designated on the official map
of said city and county, together with the j
improvements thereon and the appurtenances I
thereof.
ANNIE H. TERRILL, Executrix of the
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased. I
Dated, March 26, IS9B.
E. F. PRESTON, Attorney for Executrix.
CITY and County .Treasury, San Francisco,
March 16, IS9B— ln compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 159S of the Board of '
Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSO,
there will be Bold at public auction by E. S. i
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
Sutter street, on
MONDAY, APRIL 18, IS9B,
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered "by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed in
an inventory thereof on file in the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of Jewelry, wearing apparel, pis- j
tols, knives, etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, |
clothing, ■ etc., property of deceased persons
. received from the Coroner of this city and
county. Open for Inspection on morning of
sale. ' A. C. WIDBER,
City and County Treasurer.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Mar 26— Stmr Campania,
for Liverpool; stmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
burs; stmr Fulda, for Naples; stmr Anchorla,
for Glasgow; stmr Alsatia, for Mediterranean
ports.
FATAL— Mar 26— Stmr Peninsular,
from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Mar 26— Stmr La Norman
dip. from New York.
Sailed Mar 25— Stmr La Bretagne, for New
York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Mar . 26— Stmr Furnessla,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Mar - 26— Stmr St
Louis, for New. York.
GENOA— Mar 26— Stmrs Scandia. and
Werra. from New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Mar 26— Stmr Friesland,
for New York.
BREMEN— Mar 26— Stmr Karlsruhe, for
N»-w York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Mar 26— Stmr Lucania,
for^ _ _ „„„ „_ _ _
BIRTHS— MARRUBES— DEATHS.
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. 1 "
BORN.
BLAKE— In this city. March 21, IS9S. to the
wife of R. W. Blake, a son.
BUTLER— In Alameda. March 13, 1898, to the
wife of Joseph D. Butler, a son.
CALDERWOOD— In this city, February 5. IS9B,
to the wife of William T. Calderwood. a son.
COLBERT— In this city. March 25. 1898, to the
wife of William T. Colbert, a son.
FLUTES— In Santa Clara. March 24, 1898, to
the wife of Michael Flutes, a son.
HILMER— In this city, March 24, IS9B, to the
wife of Fred L. Hilmer, a daughter.
HOECKER— March 20. IS9B. to the wife of
Charles A. Hocckcr. a daughter.
JOLLYMOUR— In Alameda, March 24, 1898, to
the wife Of James Jollymour, a daughter.
LA CUAI'ELLE-ln Hilk c.tv. March 25, IS3S,
to the wife of Frank La Chapelle. a daugh-
ter.
UiWB-In Bath. March 11, IS9S. to the wife
• i I;• irge Lowe, a son.
MALDXEY— March 13. ISOS, to the wife of
J. J. Maloney, a son.
MARVIN— In Colfax. March 24, 1838 to the
Wife of Fred Marvin, a son.
MAVERS — In Newman, March 15, 1898, to the
wife of George Mavers, a daughter.
ODENTHAL— In this city. March 26, 1898, to
the wire of Henry Odenthal, a son.
(i XKIL— To the wife of L. J. O'Neil, a son.
BCHULTZ— March 20, IS9B, to the wife of An-
drew Schuilz, .1 son.
VERLINDEN— In Colma, March 5, IS9S. to the
wile of A. E. Verlinden, a daughter.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
MARRIED.
MORGAN— MULLIN— In this city, February 19,
IS9B, at St. Francis Church, by the Rev.
Father P. Heslin, John J. Morgan and Clair
S. Mullin, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Aabel, Andrew M. McMahan, M., M.D,
Armanino. Joseph McManus. Margaret
Barker, Isaac Mack, Grover
Chung Sing Martin, Mattie
Cochran, Michael T. Manuel. Annie
Corrlgan, John Morris, Anna R.
Dabovich, Irene Moss. George
Dickie, Nannie H. Murphy, Lawrence
Dixon, Sarah A. Murphy, John M.
Donnelly, Sarah F. Murray. Honora
Duck. John Russi. Frank
Duval Sr.. Oliver Savage. William H.
Farrell, Julia Scheib, George
Flockhart. Caroline Scheibe. Bernard
Gaughran, Maggie Schweitzer, Jacob
Gookln, Thomas P. Searlss. William A.
Harkins, Mrs. Eliza Soule, Lydia P.
Hart. Mary H. Stabs, Frederick
Hildebrand. Kathrina Talbot, Simeon B.
Holliday. Mrs. E. H. Wahlin. A. G. H.
Kasson, Chester S. Wessiing. Henry J.
Kohler, Jacob Wilson, Charles
Leonard. Irene M. Wright, William F.
McGrath, George W.
AABEL— In this city, March 26, 1898. Andrew
Martin Aabel. beloved father of George A.
and John T. Aabel, a native of Norway, aged
69 years 7 months and 16 days.
ARMANINO— In this city, March 24, 1898, Jo-
seph Armanino, a native of Italy, aged 33
years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:3*1 o'clock sharp, from the hall
of Court Alcatraz No. 7749, A. O. F., Union
street, corner of Stockton. Members of said
court are notified to attend. Fines for non-
attendance will be enforced.
BARKER— In this city. March 25. 1898, Isaac,
beloved husband of Mary O. Barker, and
father of Ralph Barker, and brother of Henry
Barker, a native of Antrim, N. H.. aged 74
years 5 months and 2 days. A member of
Lincoln Post 1. G. A. R.
(T? Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at the First Unitarian Church,
corner Geary and Franklin streets. Inter-
ment private.
G. A. R.— Attention! Lincoln Post No. 1, G.
A. R.— Comrades will assemble at the post
room. 35 Eddy street, at 1 o'clock this day
(Sunday), to attend the funeral of our late
comrade, Isaac Barker. By order of
C. J. HANDLE!, Commander.
H. L. BARKER, Adjutant.
CHUNG SING In this city, March 26. 1898,
Chung Sing, a native of China, aged 61 years.
CORCORAN— In thi3 city, March 25. 1898.
Michael T., beloved husband at the late Ann
Corcoran, and father of Mrs. Charles Reilly,
Mrs. James Hughes and Mary Corcoran, a
native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 401 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church. Brannan street, between Fourth
and Fifth, where services will be held. Vet-
erans of the Mexican war are especially In-
vited to attend. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CORRIGAN— In this city, March 25, 1898. John
Corrigan. a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, fmm St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
b rated for the repose of Ms soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DABOVICH— In this city, March 25, 1898. Irene,
dearly beloved and only . ild of Martin and
Catharine Dabovich. a native of San Fran-
cisco, agod 3 months and 24 days.
(r/TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 405 Walnut street, between
California and Sacramento. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
DICKIE— In this city March 26, 1898, Nannie
Holmes, beloved wife of Richard S. Dickie,
a native of Monticello, 111., aged 31 years
3 months and 23 days. (Chicago and Monti-
cello. 111., papers please copy.)
$y Notice of funeral hereafter.
DIXON— In this city, March 25, IS9S. Sarah
A wife of the late Richard Dixon. and
mother of Mrs. Sarah Hartnett. Mrs. M.
Easton and Lucy, Samuel \\\, Thomas R..
. Walter 0.. John M., James and Joseph
Dixon, a native of Liverpool, England, aged
67 years 4 months and 22 days.
(CFFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day Sunday),
at 2 3" o'clock at her late residence, 1223
Pacific street Interment private, in Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
DONNELLY— In this city, March 26. IS9B.
1 Barah P. Donnelly, sister of Mary E., M.
I-uuise and Arthur E. I>onnelly, a native of
s.m Francisco.
(tTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the fu;ieral to-morrow (Monday), at 10
o'clock from s;n Oak street, thence to Sa-
<re,l heart Church. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
DUCK— In this city, March 25, IS9S. John
Duck brother at -Mrs. Margaret Burns, and
1 uncle of Mary. Patrick and John Burns, a na-
tive of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged
6C years.
(Cs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at S:3O o'clock, from his Jate resi-
dence "342 Cumberland street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church. Sixteenth and Dolores
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
i DUVAL— In Oakland, Oliver Duval Sr.. a na-
tive of Montreal. Canada, aged 68 years 4
months and 9 days.
' FARRELL— In Oakland, March 24, 1898. Julia,
beloved wife of I'eter Farrell. and daughter
of William and the late Bridget Walsh, a na-
tive of California, aged 22 years and 6
months.-
fry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tbis day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 61 Hannah street. Oakland. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
PLOCKHAKT— III this city. March 24, 1898,
Caroline Flockhart. a native of Hamburg,
Germany, aged 63 years.
1 GAUGHRAN— In this city. March 24, 1898,
Maggie, dearly beloved daughter of James
and Mary Gaughran, and sister of John,
Jennie, James, Teresa, Robert, Joseph and
Frames Gaughrtui, Mrs. T. F. Bannon and
Mrr. T. W. Kelly of Santa Cruz, a native of
San Francisco.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2137 Harrison street, thence to St.
I'eter' s Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOOKIN— In this city, March 24, IS9B, Thomas
P dearly beloved husband of Lena Gookln,
father of Mrs. Albert Kelshaw and Carrie
Gookin, and stepfather of Mrs. S. Luelling
and Charles W. and Fred Keil. a native of
Portsmouth N. H.. aged 73 years 10 months
and 15 days. (Portsmouth, N. H., papers
please copy.)
(CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 27 Washington avenue, between Ninth
and Tenth. Mission and Howard streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HARKINS— An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated Tuesday,
March 2!». at 9 o'clock, at St. Peter's Church,
Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, for the
repose of the soul of the late Mrs. Eliza
J. Harkins. Friends are respectfully in-
vited to attend.
HART— In this city. March 25, 1898, Mary H.
Hart, beloved mother of Alfred H. Sinclair
and the late Mrs. J. M. Mooney, a native of
London, England, aged 74 years and 11
months.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, 692 San Jose avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
1 HILDEBRAND— In this city, March 23. 1898,
Katharina, beloved wife of George Hilde-
brand, sister of Marie Schmidt, and mother'
of George H. and Henry Tietjen. Mrs. Harry
!;• i listener and Emil, Adolph, Otto and
Leland Hildebrand. a native of Merken-
fritz, Hcsßen-Darmstadt; Germany, aged 51
years 7 months and 5 days.
|r3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1619 Powell street, thence to St. Mar-
kus Lutheran Church, O'Farrell street, be-
tween Franklin and Gough, where the funeral
services will be held, commencing at 2:30
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOLLIDAY— In Alhambra Valley, March 20,
IS'.'S, Mrs. Eleanora Hall Holliday, a native
of California, aged 2'J years and 7 months.
I KASSON— In this city, ;.larch 23. 1838, Chester
Kasson, a native of Vermont, aged
72 years.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the tuneral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the auspices of Pocahontas
Tribe No. 11, Imp. O. R. M.. and Postofflce
employes. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
Ki'HLER— In Oakland, March 25. 1898, Jacob
Kohler, a native of Baden, Germany, aged
(7 years.
: LEONARD— In this city, March 26, 189 S. Irene
M , dearly beloved daughter of Peter and
Mary Leonard, and sister or Annie. I'eter.
Ed, Helen and Frances Leonard, a native
of San Francisco, aeed 9 months and 27
days.
McGRATH— In this city, March 26. 1898, George
\\\, dearly beloved son of E. and M. A. Mc-
Grath, and brother of Mrs. L. H. Castle and
Lafayette. Emmttt and May O. McGrath, a
native of Butte County, Cal., aged 23 years
4 months and 14 days.
McMAHAN— In Santa Cruz, M. S. McMahan,
M. D.. aged 73 years.
M( MANUS— In the City and County Hospital,
March 2f.. IS'JB, Margaret McManus, a native
of Ireland, aged . r >l years.
MACK— In tbis city, March 25. IS9B, Grover,
beloved son of Jacob and Metta Mack, and
brother of Fred. Annie and ,Ta<-ob Mack Jr., a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 years and 4
months.
BTFriemU and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the family
residence, -l Adam street, near Army. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cenitery.
! MARTIN— In tbis city. March 23. IS9S. Mattie,
beloved daughter of Mrs. Ella Martin, grand-
daughter of Mrs. Matilda Harris, niece of B.
H. Harris, and sister of Mrs. R. Keeling, a
native of Richmond, Va., aged 17 years 2
months and 20 days.
(D^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence or
her mother, 1401 Jackson street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MANUEL— In this city. March 25, 1898, Annie,
beloved wife of Rupert Manuel, aunt of Mrs.
Jane Cosbie, Mrs. R. Stlnehart and Frances
Van Ness, and sister of Garrett and James
Van Ness, a native of New York, aged 47
years. (New York papers please copy.)
G3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ;;90 San Jose avenue. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
MORRIS— In this city. March 26. 1898, at the
Presidio. Anna R., beloved daughter of Lieu-
tenant-Colonel and Mrs. L. T. Morris, a na-
tive of Kansas. ag<'d -1 years and 9 months.
I 'Xotic.- of funeral hereafter.
MOSP— In this city, March 2f>. 1898, George,
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Moss.
a native of Appleby. Westmoreland. Eng-
land, aped 60 years S months and 2 days.
C? The funeral services will be held
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at 794 Haight
street. Private funeral. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MCRPHY— In this city, March 25, 1898, Law-
rence Murphy, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aned 72 years.
Cs*Frien(ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9M5 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 787 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MURPHY— In this city. March 26. IS3B. John
M., eldest and dearly beloved son of John
F. and Maria Murphy, and beloved brother
of Mrs. J. F. Drennen and Charles F.. Emily
F.. Robert J., Walter J., Genevieve 8., Lily
V.. Henry P., Edna V., Irene A. and the
late Michael G.. Margaret M. and Ida M.
Murphy, a native of San Francisco, aged
28 years 3 months and 4 days. An affection-
ate son and loving brother at rest.
CTFriends and acquaintanc.-s are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
March M at 8-30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 701 Devisadero street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at !» o clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city, at the Potrero, March
25, ISitS, Honora. dearly beloved wife of the
late Timothy Murray, mother of Mary E.
Murrray, and sister-in-law of Mrs. H. Baker
and Mrs. M. Sexton, a native of the parish
of Dissik, County Cork, Ireland, aged 06
years 11 months and 9 days.
(TT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Sunaay) a< 7:4 r ) o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, "722 Twenty-second street, corner of
Tennessee. Potrero, thence to St. Teresa s
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 8:15
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Rt'SSl— ln Black Diamond, March 20, 1898,
Frank Ruesi, a native of Italy, aced 60
SAVAGE— IB the City and County Hospital,
March 26, 1898, William Henry Savage, a na-
tive of California, aged 16 years.
SCHEIB-In Oakland. March 25, 1898. George,
beloved husband of Catherine Scheib. a na-
tive of Bavaria. Germany, aged 49 years 10
months and 2 days. (Sacramento papers
please copy.)
(ps" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1376 Seventeenth street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
SCHEIBE— In the City and County Hospital
March 26, I*9S. Bern.-ird Scheibe, a native of
Germany, aged 4o years.
SCHWEITZER— In this city, March 24. 1898,
lacob beloved husband of Dora Schweitzer,
and father of Mrs. Jules Willard, Mrs.
Henry Mayer, Mrs. M. Hirsch and Monroe,
Melvflle Daisy. Hilda and Edna Schweitzer,
a native of Germany, aged 64 years and 8
months.
(CsTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence *IU7 Post street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by special train at 2:45
o'clock from Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit flov.-rs.
6-EARLES— In this city. March 2.". 1898, Wil-
liam \ . dearly beloved husband of Margaret
B Searles, anil father of William A. Searles
Jr. and Hattie L. Searles. a native of Bos-
ton, MM* i aßed 67 years and 7 months.
(Boston papers please copy.)
(C^Friends and acquaintances and members
of George H. Thomas Post. G. A. R., and
California Association of Ex-Union Prison-
ers of War. Occidental Lodge No. 179. I. O.
O. F.. and Valley Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. W.,
ar0 > respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
tins day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from George
H. Thomas Post's rooms. 320 Post street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
SOULE— In this city. March X, I*9B, Lydia P.,
wife of the late Philander Soule. and mother
of Samuel P. and Abbie L. Soule r>f San
Francisco ami diaries P. Soule of Eureka.
Cal., a native of Maine, aged 87 years and 15
days.
STABS— In the City and County Hospital,
Martin 2S, 1888, Frederick Stabs, a native of
Germany. Rged 32 years.
TALBOT— Ia this city. March 25, IRSS. Simeon
1... husband of Bossie Talbot, a native of
Maine, aged 73 j-ears.
(CT^Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, mo Turk street. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
WA'JLIX —In this c:ty, March 2S. 1898. A. G.
H beloved husband nf Ammnnda Wahlin,
father of Arthur, brother of John, Bernard.
Hugo ami Fred Wahlin, and brother-in-law
of Mr. Hendrickson, a native of Oland.
Sweden, aged 38 years.
ITT' Friends and acquaintances are rpspect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Pythian
Caatle 309 Market street, under the auspices
of the Swedish Society. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WESSLING— In this city, March 26. UK,
Henry .1 beloved husband of Marie Wess-
ling. and father of William H.. Henry C. and
August E. Wessling, a native of Heimwen,
Westphalia, Germany, aged 68 years 6 months
and day*.
ICTFriends and acquaintances and members
of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge, I. O. O. F.. and
Hercules Lodse No. 53, A. O. U. W.. are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his
late residence* 1515 Geary street, between
Laguna and Buchanan, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
streets, where the funeral services will
be held, under the auspices of Germanla
Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F.. at 2 o'clock. In-
tf-rment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Wl I.SOX— In this city. March 24, IWR. Charles
Wilson, father of Mrs. Annie Etheridge of
Chicago, 111., a native of New York City,
aged 73 ye:irs. (New York and Chicago pa-
pers please copy.)
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S As-
sociation — Officers and members are requested
to assemble at headquarters. 24 Fourth street,
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
th« funeral of <>ur late brother. Charles Wil-
son. STEPHEN RUNNER. President.
JAMES PEXXYCOOK. Rec. S«C
WRIGHT— In San Jose. March 24, IS9S, Wil-
liam F. Wright, a native of New York, aged
44 years 7 months and 24 days.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, '\
FUNERAL DIRECTORS it EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. I
; - Telephone, South 80. 9
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye.. near Market St., San
Francisco. Telephone So. 156. _ V.. :
T—
Estab. 1858. . Tel South 47.
CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the urn
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
~~ THE HANSA CLTJB.
It Celebrates Its Anniversary by an
Entertainment and — New
Officers.
' The members of the Ha.nsa Club cele-
brated the second anniversary; of its or-
ganization by an entertainment and ball
in Saratoga' Hall, and there were present
a ; large number, of the friends of the
members, who greatly enjoyed the enter-
taining programme that had been pre-
pared for . the occasion |by .. the committee
of arrangements, consisting of Henry Da-
bel, Charles Ackerman and Herman Ro-
ver. The president delivered: an in-
teresting address.-" "The Frogs" were
presented by Messrs. H. Dabel. H. ; Kover
and J. H.. Spreckels. This was followed
by the presentation of a court scene of
IS4S, a one-act comedy, and a comic rep-
resentation by Messrs. H. Dabel | and | Gus
Labhard. The several numbers were well
I received. After that came the dance pro-
gramme, and there was enjoyment for all
who were fond of keeping time to the de-
i lightful ■■ music, i Henry Keeling, . Charles
Dietrich, H.Eikens, Charles Jansen and
i Chris. Petersen were ; the reception com-
mittee and : John 5 Oswald : and J. .H.
Spreckels the floor committee. ;.;
The club has elected the : following offi-
cers for t the current i term: Charles Ack-
erman, president: Charles Dietrich, vice-
pres.uent; ;■ Max : Ludwig, financial' secre-
tary; Herman Forsten, recording secre-
tary;. Ernst jWilkens,: treasurer, and C.
Johnson,^ doorkeeper. 1 :;: ." . V
■ >:'.'.:.■• .'.»..■."> - '—— ..'!*? '
■ Advances made on furniture and pianos,; with
or without removal., J. Noonan, 1017- 1023 Mission.
-:. ■';; — .♦ « — , ... '
A polyglot magazine, printed in twelve
languages, is to be published in St. I Louis.
■-■•■. - <
THE EVERGREEN
TO WON'T DANCE
The Stake Taken by Long
fellow's Daughter in
Straight Heats.
Rubicon Hit Up Against Trolley
and Was Easily
Beaten.
Sloan's Good Riding Got Satyr in a
Winner — Four Favorites
Disposed of.
The Evergreen Stake, decided at Ingle
side yesterday, drew a large attendance,
and was quite a novelty in its way, the
old-time custom of heats being reverted
to. This style of racing is sanctioned by
the Western Turf Congress, and it proved
a fast betting affair. Won't Dance, a
4-year-old daughter of Longfellow and
Can Dance, sporting the colors of Ed Cor
rigan, and ridden in faultless fashion by
Tod Sloan, turned up victor in straight
heats. Ace, Buckwa and Lincoln II were
the only other starters.
It was the fourth event on the pro
gramme, and in the first betting posted,
Buckwa had the call at odds of 6 to 5,
with 8 to 5 offered about the Corrigan
mare. At bugle call this had shifted,
with Won't Dance ruling a 4 to 5 choice,
while the odds against Buckwa had re
ceded to 8 to 5 and better. Ace was well
supported at 6 and 8, with Lincoln in
slight demand. The first heat resulted in
Thorpe, on Buckwa, holding the lead to
the paddock, where the favorite and Ace
closed on him, and a hot drive ensued.
Sloan got Won't Dance in a neck before
Ace, with Buckwa a head farther away,
in 1:42%. '
The heat winner was now held a 2 to
5 chance in the books, and justified the
confidence reposed in her by overhauling
Ace in the second heat, when well pointed
toward the wire, winning' easily by less
than a length, again reeling off the mile
in 1:12%. iJuckwa was done when half a
mile of this heat had been covered, prov
ing a bitter disappointment to his stable.
The stake was worth $1100 to the winner.
It was a tempestuous day for favorites, |
the stake winner and Our Climate, the I
jumper, alone landing purses. Morcorito, I
at 20 to 1, Satyr with 8 to 1 about him
and Primavera furnished the surprises.
Ed Corrigan's colt, Frank Ireland, was
figured by the smart ones a certainty for •
the opening two-year-old run at five fur- ,
longs, going to the post, a 2 to 5 favorite, j
with Mike Hennessy in the saddle. Mike j
got his mount away well, but in the
stretch could not shake off Primavera,
ridden by "Skeets" Martin, and was
downed a neck in 1:02%. Oraibee was a
poor third.
Old Rubicon had Tod Sloan up and was I
a red-hot favorite for the six-furlong
purse, next decided. It so happened that
Walter Jennings had the fast Trolley I
keyed up to concert pitch, and she showed
her heels to the favorite the entire way, j
winning very handily in 1:14 flat. Two to ;
1 was obtainable about the mure around
post time. Conley landed Newsgatherer
in the show.
The mile and a quarter over hurdles
was only a gallop for Our Climate, which
went to'the post a 4 to 5 favorite. .Huston
kept him in front from the start and won
romping from Tortoni, a 12 to 1 shot. Mo
nita, the second choice, appeared sore,
ending up a poor third, with George Coch
rnn ii; the saddle.
In the fifth event, a mile selling affair,
"Skeets" Martin on the 7 to 5 favorite i
McLi&ht gave a delightfully refreshing j
exhibition of how a race can be tossed (
off. Heading the bunch with his mount
on entering the stretch, he then relapsed
into a reverie and awakened in time to
see Tod Sloan, who had come from the
far rear on Satyr, at his horse's heels.
Making an effort at his old-time finishing
powers, Sloan made him look cheap and j
got the verdict by half a length. .
Master O'Connor more than cut a large
figure in the final seven furlong run, de
cided under selling conditions. He had
the mount on Mocr.rito, a 20 to 1 shot, and
keeping the outsider, out in the front po- j
sitlon, won, with considerable to spare, i
from Midian, the 3 to 5 favorite. Bonlta
finished third.
Track Items.
Tod Sloan was first on two mounts
yesterday.
Conley, who rode Midian, said that
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB— lngleside Track-125th day of the
Winter Meeting, Saturday, March 26. 1898. Weather fine.
Track fast.
801.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $330.
785 Primavera 105! 3
(772) Frank Ireland 110| 1
755 Oraibee I<* r>
63S San Laredo 106! 6
760 Ellen Wood 103 2
734 Prince Will 1081 1
2 V&
1 h
. 3 h
4 4
5 2
6
•2 4
1 h
3 h
4 12
5 6
6
1 h
2 4
3 h
4 6
5 20
6
1 n
2 5
3 4
4 6
5 30
6
H. Martin....
Hennessy ...
Mclnt»re
H. Brown ..
Whitman
Reagan
4
1-2
4
25
40
60
7-2
1-2
6
50
200
200
Time, 1:02%. Winner, J. J. Carey's b. f. by
three driving.
Verano-Hostess.
Good start.
Won first
Oi~|O SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
683 Trolley, 4 1(
753 Rubicon, a l:
(777) Newsgatherer, 4 ...V
7«S Libertine, a 1
777 Lone Princess, 4. . -1<
7()4 Mt. Roy, a 1
721 Montgomery-, 5 1
I 1
1 3
5
1 2
3 ii
2 h
4 2
5 2
6
1 3
2 I*4
3 I
4 2
5 8
6
I 2I 2
2 3
3 4
4 3
5 12
6
1 24
2 5
3 3
5 15
6
[. Martin....
'. Sloan
onley
hields
ray
8-5
1
15
10
30
200
4
9-5
4-5
SO
30
CO
600
10
[ooney
lawson . . . . .
Time,' 1:14. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. f. by imp. Martenhurst-May H. Good
start. Won handily.
803.
THIRD RACE— One and a quarter miles; four-year-olds and upward; over five
hurdles; purse, $400.
[orses.
«
7SI Our Climate. 5 148
6.".9 Tortonl, 6 131
694 Monita, a 133
740 Zamlocl). a 131
791 Sylvester, 6 HI
736 George Palmer. 4... 123
422 Sky Blue. ;'> 130
7 1 h
i 5 6 4
6 :t':
i 1 4.2
3 E 3
i 4 7
1 2
2 4
5 10
3 2
4 3
•
1 2
2 S
5
3 3
4 4
1 3
2 15
4 2
3 4
6
14
2 15
4 4
8 2
5
1 3
2 15
3 1
4 6
5
i
t
4-5
6
2
20
5
15
15
4-5
12
3
40
4
30
12
I ".'.'.'.'.
la
■nraOSi Winner, D. A. Honig's b. g. by St. Carlo-imp. Royal Bess. Good start.
Won puiling up.
OA i FOURTH RACE— One mile, heats; threeryear-olds and upward; the Evergreen
804. Stakes; va.ue. $1000. HKAT. .
'■_.m.
%m.
(780) Won't Dance, 5 109
769 Ace. 6 HI
(792) Buckwa, a 11l
755 Lincoln 11, 4 110
1
3
4
2
2 1
3 1
1 2
4
2 1
3 1
1 2
4
■ ■ . 2 »4 • ;
3 1 ,
1 1 r
4
2 n
3 1%
1 %
1 n
2 h
3 2
4
T. 510 an......
Conley .......
fr*i ' .
1
' 4
8-5
6
4-5
6
8-5
15
IThorpe .......
jH. Martin. ...
Time, l:42Vi. Good start. Won first three driving.
SECOND HEAT.
. Won't Dance, 6 — 103
, Ace, 6 11l
... Lincoln 11. * HO
... Buckwa, a HI
1
2
3
4
2 1
3 1
4
12
3 h
2 hi
4
11
3 h
2 V, -
4
1 %
3 Kfg
' 1 Vt
4 .
2h
1 %
2 2
3 4
4
'. Sloan
'onley
1-3
3
8
8
2-5
7-2
10
25
I. Martin....
"horpe
Time. 1:42%.
Won easily.
Winner, E. Corrigan's b. m. by Long-fellow-Can Dnnce.
Good start.
af\CX FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling;;
oUo.
I; purse, $400.
(654) Satyr, 4..............108 6 7 5 720 6 1 .... 1% T.
753 McLight. a.. ....... .112 !3 ; 2*4 r 3 «., 21- ... 2 3 H.
754 Hohenzollem. 4.....112 1 , IVi > ,1 % lji .- -3 n : II«
«2 Myth. V4.V..V. .:..-.-... 107 8 62. 5 1 4<? . ... 42 - Gra
189 Harry Thoburn, 4. .105 2 \5Vs «2 5h ... 51- Cla
750 Parthemax. 4.......10S 4 42; 4Vi 7 2 ..... 6 2 The
753 Alma, 4...... ....... .103 5 111 2 IV* 3>, ... 730 O'C
■ 796 Outgo^ 6 ; V. 11 .._ ir ...109 7 $ 8 8 ... • 8 Ret
•.■■ Time," 1:42. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. :c. by Lew Weir-Seclusion.
! - > first three driving. : - '.- - . ■ ■ -
'. Sloan
I. Martin....
'510 an...;.. 6 7
Martin l 7-5
•r.nessy '.:.. 7 6
ay ......... : 6 12
lwson: ...."■. :. 6 5
orpe ....;.": .7-2 9-2
Connor. .V.. 130.-300
■fa ...... 150 - 500
Good start. Won
6
1
' 'T
6
6
7-2
150
150 .
: 7
7-5
6
12
5
9-2
300
500
lennessy ~..V.
fray .........
,'lawson ..."."■.
"horpe ■.'."..'.";. '.
Connor „*;%:'.
ti-agan
JD/~|O SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling:: three- year-olds; purse, $350.
753 Mocorito 101 i 4 42 2 h 33 12 14 O'Connor « 8 15
(716) Midian 11016 6 53 53 3V6 2n Conley 7-10 3-3
780 Wonito 10313 22 33 2h 2V4 32 Gray 7-2 8
(784) Sardonic 101; 5 f> h 4h 4 2 4 2 4Va IClawson 8 10
764 Prince Blazes IOC 2 3li « 6 6 S 6 jG. Wilson.... 40 150
787 Ed Gartland II Ujt 1 1 2 14 1^ 6h 6 JMclntyre .... 5 3
Time, 1:29 U. Winner, Mrs. N. Harrison & Co. 'a eh. f. by Amigo-Santa Monica. Poor
start. Won easily.
Connor ....
anley
ray
lawson
. Wilson....
dntyre
when the barrier was released t hit Mid
lan in the nose, causing th* colt to jump
backward. A poor excuse is better than
none. The fact remains that the whole
race had a very peculiar look about It.
Clawson had a grand time trying to i
place Harry Thoburn. if Pacing it could ,
be termed. No wonder he had his leg ,
scraped against the fence. Dick has been
putting up some fierce rides of late, ana
ought to retire earlier.
On Friday last Dido, a mare by fat
Saviour from Diana by Glenelg. dropped
a colt foal by Brutus, at Elmwopd Stock
Farm, making the eighth colt foal this
season. , . ,
J. J. Carey told all of his friends to get
aboard Primavera, thinking his good filly .
a "cinch" to down Frank Ireland.
When the barrier was released, Mont- *
pomery pinned his ears back, refusing to
run a yard.
Rubicon was unfortunate enough to
hook up with Trolley just as she appears
to have regained her Eastern form. It
would have taken ' a crack sprinter to j
have taken her measure yesterday.
ARE STILL IN THE DARK.
Little Hope of Fastening the Jury
Box Crookedness on Any One.
Judge Hunt is determined to ascertain,
if possible, how the names of three jurors,
who had not been selected by either of his
associates on the bench, got into the jury
box from which trial jurors are drawn.
Although the matter has been under in
vestigation for the past week, no head
way has been made. All of the 3600
names in the large jury box have been
gone over and found to be correct, save
in the instance of the three that Judge
Hunt found on his panel.
Theodore Kytka, the handwriting ex
pert, has now been called into the case,
j in the hope that he may be able to dis
cover who wrote the three bogus slips,
County Clerk Curry is equally as anxious
j as Judge Hunt to ferret out the matter,
! and has lent every possible assistance in
the Investigation. The deputies in the
County Clerk's office, who were detailed
to prepare the jury slips from the lists
furnished by the Superior Judges, were
summoned before Judge Hunt yesterda»
and questioned at length. They denied all
knowledge of the matter and were then
requested to write the name of the three
j crooked slips found in Judge Hunt's box.
j These slips, together with other speci
! mens of the handwriting of the several
deputies examined, were given to Expert
Kytka for microscopic examination.
■ Nothing further can be done in the ml
l vestigation until after the expert makes
i his report to the court.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Pr W Gardner, Napa W J Harlan. Ariz
E L Lippitt, Petalma H F Miller & w, N T
X W Forbush, Boston W T BakerWv. I'tica
L Nussbaum, N V Mary Baker&n, Utlca
J McKay, NY T F Baker, Utica
C Hutchins, Boston Mrs T Baker, I'tica
N A Watson, Erie Reglna Baker, Utica
W L Tucker, N V Miss A Baker, Utica
A M Elkins. NY H L Griswold. Peoria
■ ■-; Medenhofen. Btte Mrs H Griswold, Peora
Mrs J V Long, Butte Col F Smith. Peoria
Mrs G Bisseil, Hartfrd Mrs Smith, Peoria
Mrs C Bisseil, Hartfrd W H Zimeling. Idaho
** XV Sisson, Flagstaff ! J F West, Stanford
(J W Howe & w.liostn G Sulley, Boston
J V uarrteld&w. Mass; Mrs G Sulley. Boston
J R Sterns. NY JH Kind, N V
Mrs G Pfinder, B C :J Dunne, Brooklyn. NT
T J Williams. Swansea Mrs J Dunne, Brookln
W Williams, Swansea i Miss H G Serry. Conn
I) Davies, Swansea I Miss Eaton, Conn
Mrs M C Work, Phila Miss Munroe. Conn
Miss M A Stovel, Phil J Samson, Shanghai
R D Work, Phila [Mrs J Samson. Shangh
C H Horst, Butte U C Lawton, Clevelnd
A Jaicks, Chicago | Miss Snow, Chicago
J E Nihlein, Hanford ; Mrs L C Lawton, Clev
W J Lippincott. Cinn R Isham, Chicago
XV E Judson. Clevelnd iC Henne, Stanford
J O Gibson. Los Ang IW A Bisseil. Chicago
M Masuret&w. London] E C Chambers. Los An
Miss Masuret, London S G Fulton. Portland
L Mandell &w, Chk-golj B Baird, St Paul
.1 M Anrlrus. Chicago W J Jeter. Sta Cruz
Miss Andrus, Chicago (i Kroger, Denver
A G Thier, Stanford |F W Crosby, Chicago
R D Meyer. Stanford Mrs F Crosby, Chicago
H N McKinney, Phila
r.ALDWIN HOTEL.
.1 P Reynolds. OaklndlN B Balner, ''cattle
A B Y.iung, Pa Dr W Grove, Modesto
M E Harris. Oakland !W Beuch. N V
< ; F Stewart. Westprt ' M A Kennedy. N V
V A Shelier, San Jose iMiss Valleau, N V
L D Hooper, Napa Harry Mills, N V
A W Hall & w. L Ang Mrs Mills. N V
L Sanger, Mnjave S W Earhart, Napa
<• [ Wiggins, Pa W I> Creighton. Pa
F X Beatty, Pa J Hobson. N V
i: H yuimby. Mo B E Reynolds, N J
H Heyman, NY C R Thomas. Paso Ro
F H Parker, Loganspt A V Kendall. Paso R
W D Davis. Pescadero C R Brown, Davis
J M Johnson&w. Petal
NSW WESTERN HOTEL.
N Chalmers. Benicia J B Steams, Los Ang
F W Delhi. Cal Dr Bronks& w, Sacto
F Cawley. NY C F Weaver, Reddng
S J Quigley, S Mateo M Heshore&w. Petlm
M French, Suisun J Law & w. Stockton
<• F Reid, Dixon Miss G Bates. Reno
M Howard, Riverside J M Benson, Stockton
Miss Jephson. Oakdle A Yager. Wis
J Kemp San Jose A Redmond. Eureka
M Crowley, Vallejo W R McLeod, Boston
GRAND HOTEL. w
G Hoftner. Cal 1 C Bunell. Cal
H X Stohl, Sacto J H Sewell & w Cal
G Pennison. S Jose E Monday, Gold Run
W Conner. Chicago W James. Gold Hill
A S Conger, Chicago A Hempll. Nev City
F Elkind, Sacto C F Fortune, Cal
J Hart & w, St Paul'Dr Tibbets, bocto
W L Brvan, St Paul IM Marpnt & w.Loncln
J McCul'loush, Wash iMiss Marant I^on
Miss J Danforth, \\n Miss Mantel! I^ndon
Miaa E Danforth. Wn' A Robles. Port Costa
Miss M Danforth, W Miss A Jones, Cal
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIEpRS.
C. O. Wiggins of Philadelphia- isU guest
! at the Baldwin.
Judge George F. Buck of Stock^n is a
! guest at the Lick.
Dr. F. F. Tibbits of Sacramento p reg
istered at the Grand.
A. W. Hall and wife of Los Angel* are
; guests at the Baldwin.
J. F. Clapp, a mining man of Sap An
j dreas, is at the Grand.
J. J. Hebbron, a well-known cattleman
i of Salinas, is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry F. Miller ara reg
i istered at the Palace from New Yoit
B. F. McCullough. a large stock Aiser
of Crows Landing, is at the Grand. I
Francis A. Fee, a well-known attoiney
of Madera, is registered at the Lick. \
E. James is registered at the California
from San Jose, as is also H. E. Gray.
George Sully and wife of Boston tre
! among the late arrivals at the Palace
Among the arrivals yesterday at tie
Occidental are Thomas D. Robertson «id
J. M Wiliams, a prominent mining nun
I and sto<J<-raiser -of Stanislaus, is at tie
Lick.
W. T. Baker of Utica, N. V., is at ths
■ Palace, accompanied by his wife and
1 family.
The chef at th«
Baldwin is an
artist in his line
and, like all men
of genius, is very
original. His or
iginality natural
ly exhibits itself
THE NAME
RUINED IT.
i in the composition of new and savory
dishes, which he names in honor of th*
i different local celebrities whose names h«
j sees in the morning papers. The other
I day a couple of gentlemen going in to
; dine saw a dish labeled "Steak a la L R.
! Ellert" on the menu, and, though the
I price was rather steep, they decided to
i try it, as they argued that anything
I named after the popular ex-Mayor must
j necessarily be good. Nor were they dis
i appointed, for, when the steak arrived, it
I proved to be a veritable triumph of tha
culinary art and did honor to the mas
terly brain that conceived it. The follow
ing evening the same two gentlemen
again sat down to dinner, but they had
been tempting the fickle goddess that
presides over the destinies of Ingleside,
and, as she had refused to smile upon
them they did not feel like indulging
their appetites with their usual extrava
gance. So one of the gentlemen, calling
| a waiter, said: "We dined here last night
I and enjoyed Immensely a dish that -your
I cook has lately invented called 'Steak a
i la L. R. Ellert,' but the price is rather
1 high. Have you not some other new
dishes of his that are not quite so ex
! pensive?" "Yes," replied the waiter, "he
' has just put on the menu a creation
i called 'Hung beof a la Edgar B. Hay
j mond,' and though the original price was
i exceedingly high it has been reduced to
i next to nothing." "Well, my teeth are.
i poor and the dish is too tough for me,"
; said the first speaker, "so you had better
bring on the steak, even if it breaks us."
State Senator J. H. Sewell of Ukiah Is
lat the Grand. Mrs. Sewell accompanies
| her husband.
jG. 'Woodruff, who, together with their
i wives, are here from Rockford, 111., on a
i pleasure trip.
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Sperry have
; returned from New York and are staying
; at the Palace.
Rev. D. G. Mackinnon of Stockton ar
rived in the city yesterday and went to
.the Occidental.
Marcus Daly, the well-known horseman
: and mine-owner of Anaconda, is regis
| tered at the Palace.
William L. Reed and wife, who arrived
' in the city yesterday from Boston, are
staying at the Occidental.
J. M "Welsh, owner of the Starr Flour
Mills of Stockton, accompanied by hi 3
j wife and daughter, are at the Lick.
F. P Mills and wife of Coulterville are
at the Occidental. Mr. Mills is superin
i tendent of the Mariposa Grant Mining
| Company.
David Lubin, a member of the well
' known firm of "Weinstoek & Lubin, a«m^
i companied by his wife and son, is regis
i tered at the Occidental.
Captain J. A. McLure, who arrived In
this city a few days ago on the ship
Nea:us from New York, is staying at the
I Russ, preparatory to taking a trip to the
; Klondike. ______^______
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 26.— Mrs. Robert
Louis Stevenson, the widow of the novel
ist. Mrs. Strong and Lloyd Osborne, wh.>
are traveling together, reached this city
from California to-day. They are at
Hotel Albert. John Raphael of San Fran
cisco is in Paris.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, March. 26.— J. K. Mc-
Lean of Oakland and Raleigh Young of
San Francisco are in "Washington.
Address by the Rev. Dr. Cooke.
This afternon at 3 o'clock the Rev.
Henry E. Cooke.D.D., Trinity's new rec
tor, will be the speaker at the mass meet
ing for men only at the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium, Mason
and Ellis streets. His theme will be "Im
providence." This is Dr. Cooke's first ad
dress before the association.
MIZPAH CHAPTER, B. OF A. & P.
The second anniversary reunion of
Mizpah Chapter of the Brotherhood oC
Andrew and Philip in the Mizpah Pres
byterian Churoh last Thursday night,
was a very pleasant affair and there waa
a good attendance.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FOR
Grateful Patients.
G. P.'s the doctors call them,
are found in every city, town;
and hamlet loud in their praise
of " 77 " for' Grip and Colds.
; I have been using "77" for
Coughs, Colds and Grip with.
great success in my family ; I
find vit works finely with both
young and old.
Please send me Manual de-
scribed in your circular, that $
may treat the ailments of my
children —Mrs. E. P. Rapely«|,
Franklin PI., Flushing, N. Y. '
This Medical Book, telling
about all of Dr. Humphreys'
Specifics, will be found at your
druggist or mailed free.
. •■;. "77" .'' la for sale by druggists or sent on re-
ceipt of price, , 25c, : 50c or $1. ,- .-
Humphreys' Medicine Company, New Torts.
npftCNESS&HEADNOiSES.CURED
Utllr " I * ult! > v Our VISIBLE TUBE Cusuioi:*
•™" 1 - » hen nil elm) fail*, as grlaases help eyes.
Self art justing. NoPain. Whiskers heard. Sendtoe»CC
F. llheoxlo., 868 ITwujr, S.V.. for Book uad Froots rIICS
■ " '.-'■ :-'•'-.■:- • .'.. ■- — :■:-.- --.- ' . .-■ ■ ■- -, .-,'■-'■ -THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Er manuel Baptist, Twenty-third and Bi
'•tt streets.
Rev. J. George
in the Lord." Evening—
equest for Her Sons."
"A
Frst Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods ."
"I Must If I Ought." Evening—
m Our Illustrated Creed."
C-rmnn Baptist, Seventeenth and I
streets.
Rev. H. L. Dietz
"The Reasonable Service." Even-
'hat Constitutes a Christian."
ing— *
jamllton Square Baptist, Post and Si
stre :
catholic Sailors' Union, foot of M]
'hurch of Corpus Christi, Alamany
Croke.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
Fathers
Evening— Lecture for the sailors.
[orning— "Fruits " of Faith."
"Lessons From the Cross."
Evening —
Salesian Fathers
p. m.— Laying of the corner stone.
Our I^ady of Guadalupe, Broadway,
Mason street.
St Bonltfcos, Golden Gate avenue and
street.
Father Santandreu
rning— Gospel of the day.
'espers.
Evening-
Franciscan Fathers
of
the day.
Evening —
St. Brendan's, Fremont and Harrison
Father Nugent
p. m.— The Archbishop will administer the
Sacrament of Confirmation.
St. Dominic's. Steiner and. Bush streets.
for Passion Sunday.
Dominican Fathers
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and
streets.
Father Cummings
r_Gospel; closing of mission. Even-
espers.
Bt. Francis, Vallejo and Montgomery sts.
Father Carraher
-_rjospel for Passion Sunday. Even-
'espers.
St. Ignatius, Hayes- street and Van
avenue.
Jesuit Fathers
Morning— "God's Witness in the World."
Evening— "The Voice of Conscience."
St. James, Twenty-third and Guerrero sts.
Father Lynch
Morning— "The Passion of Christ." Even-
ing -Vespers.
St. Man's Cathedral. Van Ness
and O'Farrell street.
Father Prendergast
Morning— Sermon by the Archbishop on the
opening of the mission. Evening — "Fath-
er Yorke on "The Greatest Thing in the
World."
St. Mary's. California and Dupont streets.
Paulis*. Fathers
by the Ca
n of Holy Communion
Knights of America.
St. Paul's. Twenty-ninth and Church sts.
Rev. Father Connolly
Morning— Opening of Mission for young
men, by Fathers Wyman and Younnan.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marist Fathers
Morning— Rev. A. A. Loude will speak on
the Gospel. 3 p. m.— Meeting of St. Aloy-
fius Society. Evening— Reading.
St. Patrick, Third and Mission streets.
Father K,ane
Morning — Gospel and epistle.
i Benediction and vespers.
Evening —
■ St. Peter's, Twenty- fourth street.
• Alabama.
Father Casey
tornlne— "Jesus Died for Us." Evening —
Benediction.
First Christian, Twelfth street, near
sion.
Rev. F. S. Ford ■
[orning— "Minding Other People's Busi-
ness." Evening— "Back to Christ and the
Sermon on the Mount."
West side Christian,
Devisadero.
Bush
street,
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Morning— "What Makes Life Worth Liv-
i Ing." Evening — "The • Fatherhood of
God."
Bethany Congregational, Twenty-flfth
Bartlett streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
"Joseph Exalted."
locjuence of Christ."
Evening—
"The
Bethlehem Congregational,
and Vermont streets.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
Morning— "To Know the Love of. Christ."
1 Evening — "For Me Must All Appear Be-
I lore the Judgment Seat of Christ."
First Congregational, Post and Maeon sts.
Rev. G. C. Adams i
Morning— "Christ, or the Light."
ing"The Joy .of Salvation."
Even-
Olivet Congregational,
Noe streets.
Seventeenth
Rev. H. T. Ehepard
lorning — "Religious Reform."
"Following Christ."
Evening —
Plymouth Congregational, Post street.
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton
"Christian Steadfastness." Even-
sus' Method- of Winning Men."
ing—'
Richmond Congregational, Seventh a 1
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
Morning— "The Church Is the Body of
I Christ." Evening — "Christianity the
Glory of the World."
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
Mornine — "They \\ ho Trust."
"Is Christianity Declining?"
Evening-
Church of the Advent. Eleventh and
ket streets.
Rev. J. A. Emery
Morning— Song service.
Church of the Holy Spirit. Jackson
Octavia streets.
Rev. O. C. Miller
[orning — "The Precious Things in Christ."
Evening — Union service of the church and
Sunday school.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
Communion.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay st.
Rev. W. H. Moreland i
Communion. Evening —
evening service.
First English Lutheran, Geary street.
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
Morning — "Vanities and Verities." Even-
I ing— "The Shortest of the Seven Cries
i From the Cross."
Bethel African
Jackson.
E., Powell street.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
One b
test."
"The Best Way to Do Good.
One. Evening — "The Great Con-
California Street M.
Broderick streets.
E., California
Rev. J. W. Phelps
[orning — "Missions."
Contentment?"
Evening— "What Is
Central
Sixth.
MethodiEt,
Mission etreet.
Rev. C. E. Locke
Morning— "The Stump of Dagon." E\-en-
j Ing— "Gladstone, a Study in Christian
; Manliness."
Epworth M E., Church and
streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning— "Christ's Uni%-ersal Kingdom."
i Evening— "Christ the Cornerstone."
First M. E., Powell and Washington
Rev. W. S. Urmy
'Morning— Preaching by W. W. Caae, D.D.
! Evening — "Glimpses of Our Foreign Mis-
j gionary Work."
Fifteenth avenue M. E., Fifteenth a'
eouth and P street.
Rev. H. N. Pearce
■ Morning— "Our Marching Order." Even-
ing— "The Farable of the Good Samari-
tan."
Grace M. E., Twenty-first and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard ■
Morning— Address by the Rev. F, J. Mas-
■ ters. Evening — Prayer.
Howard street M. E., Howard and
streets.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
cial missionary sermon. Even-
Be rvlce.
Japanese M. E.. 1329 P'ne street.
Mary M. Bowen. evangelist
■ Potrero M. E., Tennessee and Solano
Rev. D. W. Chilson
(Morning — "Missions, Fields and Fruits."
| Evening— "Missions, Fields and Needs."
Richmond M. E.. Fifth avenue, near
Let,' s -i venue.
Rev. A_ Anderson
Evening— Services by Rev. J. E. Peskett.
•
Simpson Memorial, Hayes and
streets.
Rev. J. Stephen!
Mornlnjr — "Our Marching Orders." Even-
ing— "The Greatest Romance of the Nine-
teenth Century."
Trinity M. E., Sixteenth, Market and
streets.
Rev. H. W. Peck
Morning— Reception of members and pro-
bationers. Evening — "He Died for His
Enemi»s."
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphill
[orning— Baptism of children at the begin-
ning of the service. Evening — "Our Al-
lies in the Fight."
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue
Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
i by the pastor. Evening-
will speak.
Rev.
First United Presbyterian, Golden
avenue and Polk street.
Rev. M. M. Gibson
jEventng— "Christian Pugilism."
Howard Presbyterian Church, corner
and Baker streets.
Rev. F. R. Farrand
[orning— "How the Church Can Win Vic-
tories." Evening — "Hell," the first ser-
mon in saries on "The Other World."
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero street,
Twenty-third. "
Rev. W. E. Dugan
"Symbols of the Spirit." Even-
ir Relationship With Spain."
ins—'
Trinity Presbyterian,
Capp streets.
Twenty-third
Rev. A, N. Carson
Hope." :
Christ?"
for the Christians'
■"What Think Ye of
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and
ster streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
Morning— "A Prophetic Mission."
!ng— "The Two Ways."
Even-
First Unitarian, Franklin and Geary sts.
Rev. H. Stebblns
Morning— All are cordially invited.
... Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
Rev. A. J. Wells
"The Psychology of Religion."
- "The Friend of Civilization."
First Church of Christ, Scientist. 223
ter street.
The Bible and Science and Health, with
Key to the Scriptures
Morning— "Brotherly Love."
Salvation Army, 1133 Market etreet.
Major Keppell
"The Salvation of Souls."
Tbeosophical Society, Market and
streets.
W. C. Bailey^.
"The Mysteries."
C. A.. Ellis and Mason streets.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
p. m.— "Improvidence."
TO STAMP OUT RUSHING.
Every Sophomore Who Attempts to
Destroy the Freshman Bourdon
Will Be Expelled.
pu-PKELEY March 26.— Professor
Fmnk Soule, chairman of the faculty
committee on student affairs, announced
JSSday that any sophomore who joins
in a rush to break up the Bourdon burial
which the freshmen propose to have next
in*- n«h TV-ill be expelled from college. The
committee summoned the four class pres
idents and the president of the Associated
Students before them and warned them
that the faculty was determined to put
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2 i>2 ,*2 f2 f2 ■*• *2 *t ?? c 2 *2 *2 ?2 *3 ?»'■• ?» ?2 *» ?« 'i ?,S ?S ?• ?» TZ ?2 ?» *2 *i T2 S2 8
PAjjjSS DENTISTRY gm*
Crown andJSridgework. J&K
TEETH without a PLATE. *▼ *
Full Set of Teeth $5-00
CROWNS $3.50. FILLINGS 50c.
AIjI-. •WOR.K WARRANTED.
CHIGAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
2i|| XT H ST.. COR.'STEVENSON. Open Evenings.
a stop to rushing of ©very kind, and that
any one participating in a rush would be
expelledN.
The freshmen have been making prep
arations for a grand spectacular cele
bration, and their president announced
that If the sophomores attacked them, the
freshmen would not only rush, but fight
to protect their property. Professor
i Soule assured them that they would be
perfectly justified in forcibly resisting.
: He stated, moreover, that he would be
present on the evening of the Bourdon
burial, and, that if he saw any sopho
! more rushing he would report his name
to the academic council and use every
effort to have him expelled. The sopho
mores will meet next Monday and will
probably pass resolutions pledging them-
I selves not to rush.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
COULD FEEL THE BULLET.
J. H.Moffett Tells of His Sensation
With a Bullet Plowing Through
His Head.
OAKLAND. March 26.— Joseph H. Mof
fett, who killed his wife a week ago last
Thursday and attempted to take his own
life afterward, which resulted in nearly
severing 1 his tongue, is able to talk to-day,
and gives the following description of the
sensations lie had after wounding him
self:
•'I am feeling better," said Moffett.
"but cannot sleep very much. About all
the sleep I get is half-hour naps. There
is very little soreness in my throat and
tongue, but there is some in my head.
The bullet went in under my chin and
went straight up, coming out above my
forehead, but did not hurt the nose or
c-yi-s in the least. I could feel the bullet
plowing through my head, but it did
not hurt me any.
"I did not expect to live, and do not
believe that one in a thousand would
survive that experience. I cannot under
stand how a bullet taking such a course
could be other than fatal. Many other
men have died for less injuries. I have
always been a temperate man, but use
some tobacco."
To Sell Liquor on the Ferries.
OAKLAND, March 26.— William McCor
mick of San Francisco called this after
noon and took out two liquor licenses for
the bars upon the two broad gnuge ferry
boats. He formerly paid $100 per quarter
to the city for each, but the county li
cense is only $30 per quarter. For BOrne
time he claimed he: should be permitted
to do business on both boats with one
license, but Frank Burnett, the license
collector, succeeded in convincing him
that he could not do so.
With the Bicycle Clubs.
OAKLAND, March 2»i.— The second of
the Reliance vs. Acme train pursuit races
on the Velodrome at Elmhurst takes
place Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock. This
will be followed by a paine of has. -ball
between the Bay City Wheelmen and the
San Francisco Koad Club.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CANNOT CONCEAL
THEIR ECSTACY
Alameda Delighted at the
Defeat of the Primary'
Law.
Old - Time Primaries More
Acceptable to the
Workers.
The County Committee's Action Will
Really Decide the Pardee-
Davis Contest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
f'OS Broadway, March 26.
It will cost money to get elected in
Alameda County this year, and the can
didate who does not intend to be gener
ous might as well retire from the field at
once. In no county in the State has the
decision against the primary law been re
ceived with more general satisfaction
than in Alameda, and, strange to say, no
newspaper has expressed a sincere regret
over the ruling. Barring a few reformers
among the politicians, the bulk of those
who vote at primaries do not want re
strictions at primaries, and they have
things now as they want them.
Work has already begun, and now that
the candidates know what to do they are
setting about it in earnest. There will
be contests in every ward, and the Re
publican primary will no doubt be the
warmest time since Vrooman and Dargie
i tried conclusions nearly twenty years
ago. The "push" is in clover. There
never has been more at stake than will
be brought into the primary for settle
ment, l'ardee and Davis are carrying
their fight into every corner of the coun
ty and in some parts "the push" is with
one party and in other quarters with its
opponents. Old lines are partly lost sight
of and the "reformers" and the "stal
warts" are so mixed that they cannot be
separated. There are either some re
markable political Headships or else
some base treachery now existing, and
each day tends to confirm the opinion
that there is great amount or both.
.■ii-iri.-sMii.tuW nof the County Commit
tee .ail vesSay that when the State
Central Committee meets and decides
When th» convention shall be held the
County Committee will then fix times for
the primaries, and will also decide how
many primaries there shall be.
The ultimate fate of the gubernatorial
candidate will be really decided by the
County Committee, for if there be a
primary held and the delegates to + the
State convention be elected at it, then,
the man who is allied with the majority
of the successful county candidates will,
of course, win out with his delegates for
; the State convention. This is. perhaps,
i the only way in which Alameda County
i can send a solid delegation to Sacramento.
One of the bitterest ward tights will cer
tainly be in the Seventh, where there is a
host of candidates. From this ward come
County Clerk Jordan, who wants to suc
ceed himself) Harry Melvin, the popular
Deputy District Attorney, who wants to
be at tnc head of the office; Robert S.
Lockie, a candidate for County Assessor,
and, of course, I'ardee and Davis each
wants the ward delegation. It can read
ily be seen that all cannot have the same
set of delegates, for no one ward is going
to secure three county nominations, so
there is a hard nut to crack in the aristo
cratic end of town.
Affairs in the 'First, Third and Fourth
are almost as complicated, but here leg
islative and county fights are consider
ably mixed. The calmest ward In the city
is the Sixth, and it is working with an
eye single to the nomination of Assem
blyman Frank Leavitt for State Senator
—and what the Sixth wants it generally
obtains.
FARMERS AT SCHOOL.
University Instructors Delivering
Addresses to Tillers of the Soil.
OAKLAND, March 2C— At 10 o'clock
this morning Ford's Hall at Nlles was
only partially filled when the Farmers'
Institute opened with a musical pro
prammc \V. H. Ford served as chair
man, and delivered an address of wel
come. Professor Wickson. of Berkeley
ress)onded.
Professor Loughbridge of the Univer
sity of California delivered an address on
the "Fertility of the Soil." This brought
out considerable discussion, the farmers
asking numerous questions. E. W. Burr
of Alamoda followed with a paper on
"Beet Culture."
This afternoon's attendance was much
larger than the morning's, and the suc
cess of the institute was assured. The aft
ernoon programme included a paper on
"Pests and Remedies," Professor Wick
son; "Washington Township, rvsts, "
W..liam Barry, Horticultural Commis
sioner; discussion; "Pruning and Thin
ning," W. H. Tyson: discussion; "Frosts
and Other Weather Problems," Mr. Ham
mon. cnicf of Pacific Coast Weather Bu
reau; "Profitable. Varieties of Fruit,"
Charles Evans; dtecussioni
To-night's session closed the meeting
and was largely attended. The subjects
and those who delivered papers upon
them were: "Curing of Olives," Hon. J.
I, Beard; discussion; "Curing of Fruits
and Nuts." George H. Hudson; discus
sion; "Farmhouse Sanitation," Mrs. Al
len; "Farmhouse Economics," Mrs. Bunt
ing; "Agricultural Education," Professor
E. J. AVickson.
nnrmAT.T.-nTTT/LEN WEDDING.
The Ceremony Performed Under a
Bower of Blossoms.
OAKLAND, March 26.— Amid a bower
of bamboo, emilax and fruit blossoms,
Mrs. Marian Cullen Comstock was united
to Captain Charles Minor Goodall, in
marriage, this afternoon at 4 o'clock. The
event took place at the home of the
bride's mother, Mrs. E. R. Cullen, 1219
Eleventh avenue. Rev. Muhlenberg
Brock, of St. John's Episcopal Church.
Han Francisco, officiated. The bride fcrtu
given away by her brother, William Cul
len, who and his wife were the attend
ants. They left at 5 o'clock for a week's
honeymoon. 'On their return they will
reside at 150 Lake street. The only guests
at the wedding were Mr. and Mrs. Edwin
Goodall. Miss Ella Goodall, Arthur Good
oil of this city, Captain and Mrs. Charles
Goodall. Captain Harry Goodall of San
Francfsco, Edwin Goodall <>f M^nlo Park,
Mrs Charles Gillman of Palo Alto, Mrs.
Kimball Baston of Berkeley, Mrs. otto
Blankart. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Wilson,
Miss Mary Wilson, Mrs. Jonathan Hunt,
her daughter, Mrs. Flint. Hurry Hunt,
Nelson Phelps, Mrs. Elizabeth R. Cullen,
Miss Edith Cullen, and Miss Florence
Cullen.
Must Cancel in Ten Days.
OAKLAND. March 2i',.— Judge 71a.1l has
signt d and tiled his findings and decree
in the suit of Margaret A. Given against
Henry C. and Henry S. Morris. It is to
cancel the plaintiff's name on a note and
set aside a mortgage securing it on he
homestead. She claimed to have signed
it under a threat to send her husband t>>
jail if she refused. The mortgage
must be discharged within ten days or
the clerk of the court will discharge it
and the record of the mortgage in the
Recorder's office is decreed canceled.
The Insurance Combine Wins.
OAKLAND, March 26.— The special com
mittee at the Board of Education has de
cided to give the entire- 5280, G00 -worth of
business to the companies in the combine,
their rate being $1 20 for each $luoo for
wooden buildings and W) cents for brick.
The non-board companies bid $1 50 on
wooden structures and $1 for brick. The
regular combtae figures are 12 02 for
wooden and $1 12 for brick buildings.
Thus their threat to cut the rate-cutting
companies entirely out, made last Mon
day, was made good.
A CHILD-WIFE
WILL CONTEST
Her Mother-in-Law Is
Met With Many
Objections.
Young Mrs. Church Wants
Fair Play for Her
Child.
The Effort to Separate Them Is the
Work of the Elder Mrs.
Church.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March ifi.
| The suit brought by Mrs. A. S. Church,
as guardian of her 17-year-old son, to
annul the marriage between him and the
16-year-old girl who is his wife, will bring
out many complications and may possibly
; result in the establishment of a new legal
; principle concerning tugboat marriages.
To complicate matters, there is a s
months-okl baby in the childish family,
and this will add to the difficulty experi-
I enced in breaking up the union. Neither
, the young husband nor wife want to be
put apart, and Attorney Carey Howard,
for Mrs. Church Jr., has many demurrers
in store.
The action for annulment makes no
mention of there being a child and implies
that its father's desire is to abandon it
and let its child-mother provide for it.
This, it is claimed, will have a great
weight in the decision, and Will certainly
tend to prevent an annulment of the tug
boat marriage.
There is another view of the matter
that may be taken by the court. It is
the view taken by the Superior Court of
1..0S Angeles pome months ago, in which
it was held that there is no such thing
as a marriage on the high seas between
parties who are legally unable to wed
in this State. If such be the case, there
can be no annulment, and the young Mrs.
Church would have to bring a civil suit
against her husband's guardian for the
support of her child.
The suit is to be bitterly contested and
, the girl'b attorney believes it will be
I thrown out on demurrer. Mrs. Church is
■ quite rich, and her son will have an in
heritance in about four years, so it is not
likely his guardian-mother will be per
mitted to put all the burden of their folly
on the girl-raothf-r.
The young husband is now in the East
attending school,, and there is nothing in
the suit to show that he approves of the
step his mother is taking in his absence.
Ifis intimate friends declare that he is
opposed to it and that he and his wife
can get alons together if his mother w-ill
encourage, instead of discourage, them.
Young Church did earn a living for him
self and wife for some months after they
elopod to Honolulu, and showed himself
to be considerable of a man.
WAS CRUSHED
BENEATH WHEELS
Frightful Killing of Charles
Soule by an Express
Wagon.
His Sister Died Suddenly a Short
Time Ago From Pneu
monia.
OAKLAND. March 26.— Charles Soule,
the son of Mr. and Mrs. John Soule of
Si i < lampbell street, was run over and his
bead crushed by a heavy truck thistnorn-
Ing. Death was Instantaneous, but the
driver, W. H- Osborn, was not held when
he surrendered himself to the police, a
short time afterward. , , * -,
Osborn was driving the truck, loaded
with flour, when Charles and another boy
jumped on between the wheels. The flour
prevented Osborn from seeing the beys,
but us they crossed Seventh street, on
"Wood, the "little fellow fell off and was
crushed to dt-ath.
Mrs Soule is a sister of Assistant Su
perintendent of Streets Charles Ott, and
is prostrated by the frightful accident.
Tho other boy ran away when he saw
Charles Injured and is not known to any
one. A few months ago Mrs. Soule's little
girl took sick with pneumonia and died
very suddenly.
Entertained Mrs. Phebe Hearst.
OAKLAND, March 28.— Mrs. Phebe
Hearst reached this city at 2:15 this aft
ernoon on the narrow-gauge. She was
met by Mrs. John C. Hays Jr.. Miss Huff.
Miss Belle Hyde and others, who escorted
hc-r to the Ebell Club rooms in a carriage.
Must of the WO members of the club, be
sides many other ladies, were present and
met Mrs Hearst. A large number of tab
bies were scattered throughout the room,
which was handsomely decorated, where
one of the reception committee enter
tained a company of visitors. The
young lady assisting passeo the light
refreshment. The plans of the ladieswere
carried out in detail, and they are highly
gratified at the success of the undertak
ing.
A WOMAN SWINDLED.
Kad a Confederate Ten-Dollar Bill
Passed Upon Her by a Man.
ALAMEDA. March 26.-Mrs. Mary
Gaige of 1611 Stanton street, was swindled
last evening by having a Confederate $10
note passed on her, and for which she
gave $6 in change.
Mrs Gaige has a number or rooms to
rein in her house, and about dark last
evening a stranger culled and applied for
one She told him he could have one
reserved by paying $2 deposit on it. He
! agreed to this, and taking out a roll of
what looked like greenbacks he selected
o-if. of $10 denomination and handed it
to her with a request that she change It.
i She had but $6 in change however, and
off-red it to the man, who took it and
tod her to credit him with $4 on ac
! count He then left, saying- he would re
turn with his baggage in a .short time.
After a while Mrs. Galms happened to
think about the bill, and examining it,
discovered Its true character. The police
wpi-p at once notified, but Mrs. Gaige
?ould only give a partial description of
the swindler, and it is nofhiuly that he
will be caught. It is supposed that he
left town at once, as he went toward
the railroad station when he left the
house.
Death of James Steever.
AI \MEDA. March 26.— James Steever,
a. bartendei who bad been living in this
oitv about six months, died this morning
while two of his friends were on the point
of carrying him to a carriage to take him
to the county Infirmary. He was staying
at the Paciiic Hotel and had been ailing
for some time with liver trouble. The de
ceased has wealthy relatives in Chicago,
who have been notified. He drank heavily
and it is supposed that this led to his
death He was about 40 years of age. A
Dost mortem showed that death was
caused by cirrhosis of the liver and tu
btrculosis.
Company G's Muster.
\LAMEDA, March 26.— Company G held
its annual inspection and muster last
evening. All the members of the cora
prny except five were present. Among
the absentees was First Lieutenant
"Wethern, but he la out of the State. Ma
jor Jansen conducted the inspection, as
sisted by Captain CarrfngtOß, V. S. A.
Colonel Fairbanks and Major Hayes or
the Fifth Regiment were also present.
The boys turned out in service uniforms
and the* inspecting officer said they made
a very creditable showing. Should they
be called on to fight the Spaniards they
will respond to a man.
COMPETITION
IN GAS RATES
New Company With Half
a Million Dollars
Capital.
Local Moneyed Men Are the
Directors in the New
Concern.
Contracts to Be Mada for One Year at
One Dollar Per Thousand .
Feet.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
008 Broadway, March 26.
For the past month or more Mr. Lowe,
a son of Professor T. C. S. Lowe, the
builder of the famous Mount Lowe In
clined Railway in Southern California,
has been at work in this city organizing
a new gas company. That he has been
successful is. proven by the selection of
a board of directors and the issuing of
a circular calling for financial backing by
other men of means.
The directors' names made public are
Messrs. G. W. McNear, P. E. Bowles,
C. M. Cooke, G. H. Collins, W. H. Chick
ering, of this city, and Sidney Smith
of San Francisco. If the present
plans are carried out the company will
soon be incorporated. The original plan
was to incorporate with $123,000 paid up
capital. This was intended for use in
erecting works, piping the business
streets and several of the best residence
streets, where the most gas is used. Then
$125,000 worth of bonds was to have been
issued and given to the stockholders in
proportion to ti.e stock subscribed.
However, it was decided best to make
the capital stock $500,u00, which has been
done Canvassers are to be put out to
solicit contracts at SI per 1000 feet in
yearly contracts. The new concern is to
use a patent process discovered by j/ro
fessor Lowe, which produces gas from
petroleum without coal. The process is
now in use in Pasadena, the Professors
home. m .. / -. .
John A. Britton, manager of the Oak
land Gas, Light and Heat Company,
doubts whether the new works will ever
be erected. He has been aware of the
proposed incorporation for over a month,
but did not have much faiti* in its forma
tion. He declared that his company
would meet the new company, should it
come to a fight. Mr. Britton does not
believe the new process feasible, as it is
practically an untried one.
The Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Com
pany has reduced its rates on two or
more occasions voluntarily, and has the
good will of the public in all respects.
At the same time every one desires to
secure everything at the least possible
cost and it is not expected that many
wouid refuse to receive gas for $1 when
they are now paying $1 75, should they
be given an opportunity. (
STUDENT FIRE BRIGADE.
University Cadet Companies As
signed the Duty of Protecting
the College Buildings.
BERKELEY, March 26.— The university
cadets have been organized into a corps
of fire-fighters, with Lieutenant Cloman
as Fire Marshal and Major Melville
Dozier and Major Loye Miller as assist
ant marshals. Each company has been
assigned its particular station at the
various buildings, and a system of fire
signals inaugurated. In case of fire the
alarm will be sounded by blowing the
whistle of the mechanics" building. One
| long blast will be blown followed by a
! number of short blasts to indicate the lo-
I cation of the building in which the fire
■ has broken out.
The buildinj.3 at which the various com
! panics will assemble and the signals for
! each are as follows:
Agricultural Building, Company A, two
! blasts; South Hall, Company B, three
Masts; North Hall, Company C. four
Masts: Gymnasium, Company D, one
I blast; East Hall. Company E, nine blasts;
Mining Building, Company F, seven
: blasts: Library. Company G. eight blasts;
j Mechanics Building, Company H, five
: blasts; chemistry Building, Signal De
tachment, eleven blasts; Botanical Build
ing. Artillery Dstachment, ten blasts;
Philosophy Building, Bicycle Corps, six
blast*; Conservatory, Band, twelve
: blasts; University Cottages, thirteen
! blasts.
In case of fire the cadets are required
to fall in each with his company, and to
i obey implicitly every command of the fire
| marshals. Students not belonging to the
battalion are requested to refrain trom
interfering with the regular work. Pro
fessor Cloman hopes by this regulation to
prevent interference by the crowd with
■ systematic work, such as was caused in
! the case of the fire which destroyed the
! agricultural building last spring.
NEW USE FOR THE LUPIN.
Experiments Showing That It Is a
Fertilizer of Very Great
Value.
BERKELEY, March 26.— The Univer
sity Agricultural Department has com
pleted experiments at its Pomona experi
ment station which show that the com
mon taptn, which grows so abundantly on
the hills of San Francisco, can be util
ized as a very valuable fertilizer for ag
ricultural land. Inspector C. H. Shinn de
clares that $2 worth of lupin seed can be
used to accomplish -as much in the way of
fertilization as $20 worth of ordinary
manure. The seed is sown over the land
to be fertilized and when the bushes have
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost ~:
- Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples .of a most remarkable
| remedy are being distributed by the State
I Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured •" so - many men - who ; had , battled for"
years i against : the . mental and . physical
suffering of lost, manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute , free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
', any form of sexual weakness resulting
! from youthful - folly, premature loss of
| strength and memory, weak back, varico-
i cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
I themselves : at home. .;:• . ...::>.
The remedy has a : peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth. and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It ' cures, all the ;■ ills '■ and troubles * that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions - and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort 1 Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial -pack-
I ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to : leave home to
be treated ; and the " fre*e sample -will en-
able them to < see ) how easy .it? is to -: be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes ■no ■ restrictions. Any man
who writes will be : sent a, free . sample. 1
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear. of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested » to write without ;" delay.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
£?» £a>
TUESDAY
Tuesday March 29, 1898
At 11 a. m.. at
SWITZER'S HORSE MARKET^
Twelfth and Harrison Streets, ;
32 Head of Consigned Horses from
-Tehaia County.
10 good business horses, 8 draught horsea, 1
pair dapple grays, 2900 lbs, a fine brewery
team; 1 fine pacing mare, 7 years old, gentle
for a lady to drive or rifle, can pace In 2:25;
1 good saddle horse.
SAM ATKINS. Auctioneer.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE.
Hardware merchants and dealers In cutlery
and paints, please take notice that on March
29. at 11 a. m.. on the premises, 1011 Broadwty.
Oakland, I will sell at public auction .he en-
tire stock of hardware, cutlery, paint and fix-
tures. This stock is new and well selected.
Mi. Cashmore is going to the Klondike imme-
diately. Stock will be sold as a whole without
reserve or limit; sale positive. '
:. ,-f.. M. GERMAN. Auctioneer.
attained considerable growth they are
plowed under tor green manure.
Of the various species of legumes ex
perimented with, the lupinus micranthus
proved the most satisfactory. One bush,
of which Inspector Shinn has received a
photograph, although only four months
old, was of immense size and in full
bloom. "The use of the lupin and other
nitrogen-storing plants," he said, "is com
ing to be recognized as of the, greatest
advantage in progressive agriculture. Thf
plant extracts the nitrogen from the air
and stores it in the leaves and in tuber
cules that form on the roots. When the
hush is plowed under the ground, all this
stored up nitrogen is added to the soil,
so the use of the lupin is of particular
benefit in soils which are poor in nitro
gen.
"It is a curious fact," he concluded,
"that this very plant was formerly re
garded as the farmer's greatest enemy,
and its very name, lupinus (front lupus,
Latrn for wolf) was given it because it
was supposed to rob the land of its fer
tility. We have found, however, that
it may be used, not to rob the soil of
its fertility, but to rob the nitrogen from
the air and enrich the soil with It."
A Blind Shot-Putter.
BERKELE. March 2<s.— T. H. Morri
son, the blind freshman student at the
University, is the latest addition to the
squad of track and field athletes. Mor
rison is taking a teacher's course in
physical culture under Professor Walter
E. Magee at the gymnasium, and he did
not propose to be deprived of the out
door exercise which his more fortunate
fellow-athletes enjoyed. Last night he
came down to the cinder path in athletic
suit and spent an hour or so practicing
putting the shot. Morrison, who is pow
erfully luiiK, managed in spite of his in
ability to see to put the weight about
thirty r t. When ho has practiced the
"knack" a few times more, and has be
come more familiar with the seven-foot
ring in which h« has to stand, he hopes
to be able to raise his mark considerably.
Berkeley Bonds Defeated.
BERKELEY, March 26.— A small vote
was cast in the bond election in Berke
ley to-day, which resulted in the defeat
of the bonds. The proposition was to
bond for 160,000 for a new high school,
the bonds being of the denomination of
$1000 each, expiring throe every year. It
was rejected by a wide margin. The
total vote cast was 1137. of which 581 were
yes and 527 no, and twenty-nine Illegal.
Seven hundred and fifty-eight votes were
necessary to carry the bonds. The vot
ing was not very heavy, and the oppon
ents of the bonds did the most work.
What will be done by the Board of Edu
cation as a result of the election has not
been decided.
Many Studying Greek.
BERKELEY, March 26.— Professor E.
B. Clapp. head of the department of
Greek at the University of California, had
obtained figures showing that the num
ber of hign school pupils in the State
studying Greek has tripled since ISW.
According to the statistics, the number of
schools in which Greek is taught has in
creased from sixteen in 1596 to thirty
eight in IS9B, and the total number of stu
dents in Greek has increased from 189
to 580. The high schools having the larg
est number of Greek students are the
Lowell High, with eighty-seven, the Girls'
High, with eighty-four, the Berkeley.
High, with fifiv-seven, and the Oakland
High, with fifty-three.
Played a Ten-Inning Game.
BERKELEY, March 26.— The University
of California baseball team defeated the
Firemen's Fund nine, of the Insurance
League, on the college campus this after
noon by a score of 7to 5. The score stood
5 to 5 at the end of the ninth inning, but
in the tenth inning the Varsity players
braced up and made two runs. The ReM
ing by the Berkeley players was excellent,
but the batting was tor the most part
very poor. Next Tuesday- the Varsity will
play Karl Krug's picked nine, and on
Saturday a game with Santa Clara will
probably be arran^-yd.
Says Polygamy Still Flourishes.
BERKELEY, March 2G.— Miss Clara
Pierce, who has ueen doing missionary
work in Utah, in an address yesterday
afternoon in the Berkeley Presbyterian
Church on "Work Among the Mormons, "
declared that polygamy is still generally
practiced in Utah, and that the Latter-
Day Saints are about to inaugurate a
vigorous campaign to secure converts all
over the country. She declared that
some steps should be taken to counteract
the dangerous inlluence of the Mormon
missionaries.
Seek Higher Degrees.
BERKELEY, March 26.— The following
post-graduates have been advanced to
candidacy for higher degrees by the
graduate council of the University:
Miss .L. N. Colman. M. A. (Greek);
Philip Graif, Ph. D. (English); Miss Mil
licer.t W. Shinn, Ph. D. (pedagogy);
Harry B. Torrey. M. S. (biology); J. U.
Smith, M. S. <mathematics); Miss Emily
P. Rhine, M. S. (botany); Miss Edith S.
Byxbee, M. S. (botany); Mis s Clara L.
Williams, M. S. (botany).
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 26.— Ernest Nl«
haus, one of the proprietors of Niehaus
Brothers' mill in West Berkeley, had the
index finger of Ms left hand cut off this
afternoon while working in the mill. Dr.
C. F. Gladding of West Berkeley dressed
the wound.
The Berkeley Daily Press, which was
started about a week ago by the striking
printers of Berkeley, suspended publica
tion to-day, leaving tho local journalistic
field to the two dailies, the Gazette and
World.
Next week will bo vacation in all the
public schools of Berkeley.
The inter-class field day of the Berke
ley High School will be -v->d next Mon
day afternoon at 1:30 o'clock on the Uni
versity cinder path. AH three classes will
enter teams, the seniors being captained
by J. Brock and the middlers and juniors
by H. lrwin.
W. P. Drum, the crack sprinter of the
University, broke a track record in prac
tice last night on the University cinder
path. He made a lap in 35 seconds flat,
the best previous time being 35 2-5 sec
onds.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 26.— The Congrega
tional Church of this city celebrated its
nineteenth anniversary last evening by
appropriate exercises In the church par
lor.
The executive committee of the Bime
taJUc £lub met last night and decided to
obtain a supply of literature for its
members and others. It was also decided
to hold a discussion on the advisability
of war with Spain, and prominent mem
bers were selected to conduct the argu
ment.
An unknown woman was nearly killed
at the Park-street broad-gauge station
last evening. She tried to board a train
while it was moving, but lost her footing
and was dragged some distance. A pas
senger -stopped the train or she would
have probably been killed.
The Political Equality Club will hold its
regular monthly meeting on Monday aft
ernoon next.
1516
"AFTER THE HOLD-UP!"
CHANGES BRING THE
PAINTER PROFIT
Perry Depot Frauds Are as Numerous as
Flowers m flic Merry Month
of May.
PAINT HAS BEEN SUBSTITUTED FOR POLISH.
Harbor Commissioners Lend Favor to Contractors Upon the Approval
of Inflated Estimates by Their Architect,
Edward R. Swain.
There seems to be no good reason to I
doubt the truth of the assertion that
the members of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or such of them as ,
have had to do with the letting of ferry !
building contracts, are as impartial a ;
body of men as is to be found in this or j
any other country.
A careful perusal of the revelations j
that have been made by The Call in ;
connection with the manner in which
these contracts have been let and en- j
forced will be deemed by any fair-mind
ed person to be sufficient justification
for this belief. Every contractor has j
been permitted to share in the good
things that have been dispensed with
Puch frequency that the end is already j
'in sight. For all of this generosity the i
State has to show the imposing front of j
a big stone building, within the walls j
of which there may be found as large I
and costly a collection of shoddy in
terior finishings as a dishonest man
would care to see.
Almost every day for the past two \
weeks The Call has devoted a portion
of its columns to the duty of exposing
the shameless methods by which the
State has been systematically robbed
by the men who have been intrusted
with the expenditure of the funds pro
vided for the erection of a union de
pot and ferryhouse that was intended
to be, and should have been, an orna
ment to the water front, and a credit j
to a great and wealthy State. There |
are other chapters to the shameful
story. What there is left to tell is not
one whit less shameful than what has
gone before.
The firm that holds the contract for
doing the painting and polishing in the
new ferry building has, like other con
tractors, profited largely by the acts of
Architect Swain and the Board of Har
bor Commissioners in substituting poor
materials and cheap workmanship for
good materials and costly workman
ship in the interior construction of ihe
building. The contract for all of the
painting and polishing work in the
building was let to the firm of George
J. Smith & Sons, for the stipulated sum
of. $12,900. Thia sum has since been
added to from time to time by the pay
ment of considerable amounts for ex
tras made necessary by continual
changes in the original plans and spec
ifications in the interest of other con-
tractors.
It appears that the loss sustained by
the State on account of the manner in
which this painting contract has been
carried out is not to be measured by
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Soft, White Hands with Shapely Nails, Luxu-
riant Hair with Clean, Wholesome Scalp, pro-
duced by Cuticuha Soap, the most effective
■kin purifying and beautifying soap in the
world, as well as purest and sweetest, for
toilet, bath, and nursery. The only preventive
at Inflammation and clogging of the Pores.
(gticura
■ Snip li »M throughout the world. Pott«» D»ue * Cw*u.
Coup.. Bol* Prop*-. Boiton. U. S. A.
£7- •• H«w to Purifj and Beaotlf* th« Skin, Scalp and
Balr," mailed tne.
■ IDV (lIIUADC • Ivhlnf and «e«ly. tartantly i»-
HAH I nUmUnd li««<l b/ Ccncwu. Rwmn.
..-'■■■
the profit that has accrued to the
painting contractors or to those who
aided and abetted them in avoiding the
provisions of their contract. Since the
painting work was commenced it has
been prosecuted with such a lack of
care and so little attention to the terms
of the contract that much of the struc
tural work in the building has suffered
past all repair. Iron and steel work has
been allowed to rust and become cor
roded and the woodwork has suffered
in like proportion. Workmen in other
branches of trade have been hampered
and delay after delay has resulted all
along the line. The loss consequent
to this action on the part of the paint
ing contractor cannot be computed.
What can be computed, however, is
the profit that has accrued to the con
tractor on account of the numerous
changes that have been made in the
terms of his contract. As originally
planned the entire interior construction
of the building, where wood was to be
used, was to be of quartered oak. All
of this oak was to be polished by the
painting contractor, a proceeding that
involved a great amount of time and
labor. When the plans were changed,
substituting Oregon pine for oak, as
the material for interior finish, it be
came necessary to bring about a change
in the specifications covering the
painter's contract. This was done b>
substituting three coats of paint, to be
put on the Oregon pine finish, for the
polish that was to be used on the oak
finish. How well this was done and
how the contractor turned the incident
to his own profit may be seen by a
careful perusal of the following propo
sition submitted by the contractor:
December 16, 1597.
Gentlemen: Referring to changes made
in our contract for painting and polishing
for the union depot' and ferry house, San
Francisco, Cal., we hereby agree to fin-
ish work on the building in accordance
with the following schedule of additions
and deductions:
ADDITIONS:
To paint the under sides of all the
I-beams and box girders in first story.
To polish the piers of weatherly sides
of waiting-rooms, second story.
To paint and san- the galvanized iron
work above the line of 12 feet 3 inches
from floor and extending to under side
of roof of westerly side of waiting-rooms.
To paint and sand the partition in
southerly end of rear gallery section en-
closing baggage-room.
To repaint in bronze-green color the
ten northerly trusses in grand nave.
To paint all the other trusses in grand
nave, and all of .the trusses in waiting
room and *rear gallery section, bronze
green.
Amount charged for above, $835 90.
REDUCTIONS.
To omit the painting of the difference in
area of first story partitions from that
shown on original plans as against re
vised plans.
To omit the painting of the original
gates shown on westerly sides of waiting
rooms, first Btory.
To omit for not painting the gates and
frame of shutters, except those enclosing
lavatories, waiting room section, second
Btory.
To omit the polishing of the wooden
partition originally shown between piers
on easterly side of grand nave, and also
omit the painting of the original steel
shutteis shown on the same side.
To omit the polishing of all work in
chief engineer's private office, draughting
room and laboratory, second story-
To omit all painting and polishing work
in mezzanine story.
To allow the difference in all of the first
story partitions, originally of oak, pol
ished, now changed to Oregon pine, paint
ed three coats.
To allow fqr the omission of the sand
ing on the ceilings of the second story
throughout, on the grand nave, waiting
room and rear gallery sections, and to al
low for vlie sanding of all trusses but ten
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
in the northerly end of the grand nave.
Amount deducted for above JLI49 73
RECAPITULATION.
Amount of deductions $1149 75
Amount of additions 835 90
A person not familiar with the meth
ods used by the Board of Harbor Com
missioners in promoting the interests
of favored contractors as against the
interests of the State would naturally
suppose that this proposition would
have been rejected without so much as
a moment's hesitation. A person who
had never seen a paint brush or priced
a pot of paint would know, after read
ing the proposition, that $313 could not
represent more than one-fourth of the
difference in value between the work
omitted and the new work to be done.
Not so the Commissioners. They
promptly turned the proposition over
to Architect Swain and he as promptly
returned it with the following commu
nication:
December 17, 1897.
Gentlemen: Referring to a communi
cation made to your board by George J.
Smith & Sons, contractors for painting
Union Depot and Ferry House, offering
to complete the building in accordance
with the schedules contained in their let
ter, making all additions and reductions
therein noted, for the sum of $313 85, to be
deducted from their contract, I bes to
say that I have carefully gone over the
quantities and prices, and in my opinion
the figures are reasonable. Yours v< ry
truly, EDWARD R. SWAIN,
Architect Union Depot and Ferry House.
All that remained to be done was ac
complished by Commissioner Colnon,
who, as president of the board, affixed
his signature to the proposition sub
mitted by Smith & Sons.
Other but smaller plums have, from
time to time, fallen to the share of the
painting contractor, but the foregoing
will serve to show how the thing is
done.
CAKING FOR THE HELPLESS.
State Commission in Lunacy Discuss
the Wants of the Asylums.
The members of the State Commission
on Lunacy held a conference yesterday
relative to the best methods of conduct
ing the hospitals and asylums under their
charge. Governor Budd presided. The
others present were: Attorney-General
William F. Fitzgerald, Secretary of the
State Board of Health; W. T. Mathews,
superintendent of the State hospitals;
Dr. F. W. Hatch, Dr. M. B. Campbell
and Dr. James Gibson of Southern Cali
fornia, Dr. Asa Clars and James Mc-
Dougal of Stockton, Dr. K. W. King and
Senator J. H. Sewell of Mendocino, Dr.
F. M. Sponogle and Isaac Upham of Ag
news, Dr. A. M. Gardner and A. J. Hull
of Napa. There was an interesting dis
cussion regarding the benefits to be de
rived from a similar dietary system of
the staple foods and the clothing of the
patients of the several institutions. The
idea prevailed that if the State could
purchase large supplies of the necessaries
of life for the asylums there could be a
great saving, besides insuring the pa
tients a uniform treatment wherever they
might be.
Another discussion was upon the sys
tem under which civil service examina
tions may be held. The Attorney-General
suggested that the superintendents of the
hospitals assemble and formulate the
•juf-stions to be asked. Some time was
consumed in a discussion as to whether
the estimates for the necessaries for the
hospitals should be made monthly or
quarterly, and the opinion was that the
present system of making the estimates
monthly is the best. In this connection
the commission decided that it would be
a good plan for the several institutions
to make an exchange of their surplus
goods and products. For example, there
is a large amount of dried fruits at the
Home for the Care of the Feeble-Minded
at St. Helena which can be made use of
In the othor hospitals.
LINCOLN RELIEF CORPS.
Celebrating Its Anniversary — Pres-
entation of Corps Badges to
Old Veterans.
The fourteenth anniversary of the in
stitution of Lincoln Relief Corps, aux
iliary to the" Grand Army of the Repub
lic, was celebrated last Thursday night
in Lincoln Hall by an entertainment and
social. The members of Lincoln Post,
G. A. R., were specially invited guests.
Department, Commander N. P. Chipman
and staff were present, as -were also Mrs.
D. A. Kinne, Mrs. Cora A. Merritt, Mrs.
Geraldine E. Frisbie and many depart
ment officers of the Women's Relief
Corps and visitors from other local corps
and from those across the bay.
During the evening the ladies of Lin
coln Relief Corps presented to the mem
bers of Lincoln Corps a set of corps
badges such as were used during the
Civil War to indicate the corps to which
a soldier belonged. These badges, forty
three in number, presented a very fine
appearance when displayed in the hall
The presentation was by Edith M. >Com
stock, the president, and they were re
ceived by Past Commander C. J. Handly
Then followed a short literary and musi
cal programme and a congratulatory ad
dress by General Chipman. Colonel C
Mason Kinne presented, on behalf of the
donor, a beautiful-framed picture of
"Sheridan's Ride," executed by H. W
Mortimer, past post commander, and by
him donated to Lincoln Post. During in
termission refreshments were served
Women's Press Associations.
. The regular open meeting of the Pacific
Coast Women's Press Association will Ibe
held in Shasta Hall. Native Sons' build
ing, to-morrow at 2:30 p. m. Mrs. Amelia
Woodward Truesdell will give a talk on
"Old California Missions," illustrated by
over fifty stereopticon views. Miss Kath
ryn Kucks will sing Raff's ; "A ye Sanc
tissima.".
EXPERTS SEE
FOR BLIND
AND DUMB
$ 313 85
State Board of Exam
iners Look Into
Accounts.
Superintendent Hayes Is
Under the Cathode
Ray.
The Broom Factory Runs
Thousands of Dollars
Behind.
THE SECRETARY INQUIRES
Trying tc Find Why th.o Broom
Factory Is Losing So Much
Money.
Secretary of State L. H. Brown and
the State Board of Examiners have
been busy for several days investigat
ing alleged shortages in the accounts
of the Home for the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind.
Secretary Brown spent all day yes
terday with Superintendent Hayes of
the Home. He made a thorough inves
tigation of all accounts and discovered
that the income from the broom manu
facturing department is from three to
four thousand dollars short. It was
rumored that the shortage affected the
veracity of the superintendent, but this
statement was denied last night by all
in authority connected with the Home.
Superintendent Hayes said: "There
has been no investigation of my per
sonal accounts. The Secretary of State
and the State Board of Examiners
have been going over the books and
they have found that there is a short
age. This is owing to the fact that the
broom market has been very bad,
wages have been such that it has been
impossible for us to compete with the
low prices of the outside world. An
examination of the records will show
that the broom dealers of the city have
done badly also."
Directors Glascock and Smith denied
that the investigations affected the
standing of the superintendent, ami ex-
Director T. C. Coogan said he did not
see how it would be possible for the
superintendent to do any grave wrong
without the knowledge of the directors.
Superintendent Hayes admitted that
the affairs of the institution are being
thoroughly investigated by the State
Board of Examiners, but he expressed
himself as perfectly satisfied that no
harm could come to him from the in
vestigation.
ADOLPH SUTRO
RAPIDLY SINKING
It Is Not Expected That He Will
Live Over a Few
Hours.
A Corps of Physicians Working Zeal
ously to Prolong His
Days.
Adolph Sutro. the man who so energet
ically fought his way up from the ranks
of the unknown and by his owne efforts
has commanded the respect and admira
tion of the Pacific Coast, is at last near-
Ing his end, and it is feared that a few
hours will suffice for the sands of his life
to run out.
The lifetime of vigorous, active work
told on his system, and for some time his
mind has been gradually weakening. This
crisis was reached a few weeks ago, when
the court decided that he was no longer
capable of looking after his financial in
terests, and a guardian was appointed.
This trouble, ; however, was ; only the
warning '■; signal— the ' coming I ' dissolution
first showed [ itself £In " the overworked
brain, but since : that "; has given : out, the
whole system ; has been : gradually weak
ening. . '. •; v
Yesterday several physicians were in at
most j constant attendance, but ■ their skill
seemed to be of little avail, as the old
financier is ' sinking , rapidly.' ; It Is 'ex
pected that a few short hours will see the
end. - ;/ •_ r
FOUND THE
MONEY IN
HIS BELT
Peculiar Complaint of
Oscar Minton, a
Miner.
Reported to the Police
That He Had Been
Robbed.
A Mysterious Burglary in a
Market Street Lodging-
House.
VALUABLE ARTICLES LOST.
The Room of Mrs. Hansen Entered
Throe Times During the Past
Week.
"I have been robbed of 5650 and want
you to send a detective to make a
thorough investigation."
So spoke a middle-aged man named
Oscar Minton as he rushed breathless
ly into police headquarters last night.
"I knew I would be robbed," he ex
citedly remarked. "My God, what will
become of me?"
In answer to the questions of the
clerk Winton said he had arrived here
from the East yesterday morning, in
tending to go to the Klondike. He
had the money in his inside -vest pocket
and meeting a friend the latter induced
him to accompany him to his room in
a lodging house at Eddy and Taylor
streets. A short time afterward he
missed his wallet, and, convinced he
had been robbed, he at once commun
icated with the police.
Detectives Gibson and Wren were de
tailed to make an investigation and ac
companied by Minton they visited the
room where .he claimed .to have been
robbed. Failing to find the money in
the room after a thorough search, the
detectives proceeded to question Min
ton. . While they were asking him to de
scribe the places he had visited during
the day he suddenly jumped out of the
chair in which he was sitting, and with
an exultant cry produced a belt con
taining the money:
"I did not think of the belt," he joy
fully remarked, as he eagerly counted
the money. "How could I have made
such a mistake?"
Minton then explained that shortly
after his advent in this city he went to
a store on Kearny street and bought
the belt, as he did not want to carry so
much gold in his pockets.
After placing it around his waist he
put the money in it, and, meeting his
friend, he went to his rooms. After
a short conversation he forgot that he
had placed the money in the belt and
as he could not find it in his pocket
he concluded he had been robbed, and
at once reported the matter to the po
lice. .: "., •:.-:l,:-' "
Detectives Bee and Harper are in
vestigating a burglary which occurred
yesterday afternoon In a lodging house
at 753 Mission j street. During the
temporary absence of Mrs. Hansen,
who lives in the house, somebody en
tered her room and stole a sealskin
cape, several , silk dresses and a small
amount in money. The door was
found unlocked and it is thought that
the thief gained an entrance with the
aid of a skeleton key. This is the third
time that the same room has ueen en
tered during the past few weeks. Last
night Mrs. Hansen. visited police head
quarters and reported the matter to
Chief Lees.
OUR NATIONAL GUARD.
Its Approximate Strength March Ist
as It Appeared From Incom
plete Monthly Returns. '
From general order No. 2 out of the
adjutant-general's office at Sacramento,
the approximate organized strength of
the National Guard of State of California
on the Ist of March, as appears from the
monthly returns, was as follows:
Commander-in-Chief and staff 25
Division, and staff 16
Three brigades and staffs 36
Three . signal . corps (Third Brigade not
reported) 10,
Four troops cavalry .. 2<9
Naval . militia *H
First Infantry •••"iJ" SO7
Second Infantry (E and I not reported).. 619
Fifth Infantry (C and G not reported)!... 552
Sixth Infantry (A, E and G not reported). 490
Seventh Inlar.try (D and 1 not reported).. 75S
Sanitary Corps •••• — ••• •*•>
Total ... • «.»g
Cadet Corps, First Infantry 5o
Grand total MSB
Owing to the neglect of . some officers,
as appears from the number of com
panies that have not been reported, it is
impossible to state with official accuracy
what the strength of the guard is. .
TIRED OF WAITING ON OTHERS.
Early Activity in Alaska Trade Mat
ters is Necessary.
Since the State Board of Trade was In
duced to take charge of the management
of the affairs of tne Alaska Trade Com
mittee the board has not met with the
success and support it was believed were
due or that it would receive. The original
committee was formed from the Chamber
of Commerce, Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, Merchants' Associa
tion, Produce Exchange and other com
mercial bodies. The aim and object were
to so advertise this city through the
East, and all over the world for that mat
ter, that those who intend going to the
gold fields would come this way and se
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;y*fc Dß. SOPER'S
■•SB* - ; 4W^ kJUCUICII wllCl
i'^^^i£M&^^ ' To those vvho begin treatment before April 2, after
■^^^^^^^s;^ which date his prices must be increased. He • GUAR-
ANTEES to cure every case he accepts for the price
>^ G v^illlsSk quoted including all medicines.
Catarrh $20 00! Piles $20 00! Kidney Diseases :.' $2000
Rheumatism 20 00 [ Paralysis ....6000 Nervous Debility *" 20 nn
Neuralgia 20 00 Skin Diseases ......... 20 00 Syphilis . """ ™on
Sciatica : ..20 00 Diabetes 25 00 Varicocele.. "■"■""••-" £( no
Fistula 30 00 Ulcers (chronic) .......... 40 00 Stricture ...-. ••••••" *» nn
Asthma ........ ........ 25 00 Bladder Diseases ........2000 | Rupture... " -•••-•••• •-v on
Gravel ...:....... 20 00 Bronchitis .......MOO Loss of Manhood"""""" 20 00
Consumption. Ist stage... 30 00 ; Epilepsy or Fits ......... 30 00 Gonorrhoea "_.:"" •"• ?o to
Tape Worm ...20 00 Diseases of Liver ........ 20 00 Gleet ..*;" : """" 1- «a
T^SSLti'"''"''"""'"" 30 00 Goitre or Thick Neck.... 30 00 , Prosta tic Diseases'::::": 20 00
Dyspepsia 15 00 Salt Rheum .............. 25 00 .Tumors .......... $50 Vo $-00
Deafness ...;.............. 30 00 Bright" s Disease ......... 40 00 Cancer ..........■....; $75 to $?50
• If incurable you will be told so. thus saving you time and money. ~ * lv *-°"
P.H.VJr 8 l he pa \T five months 3572 were examined and 1234 were rejected as incurahii.
« \ MEN who are Nervous. Despondent. Diseased and Weak from early indiscretion "indpVnoaa
In life readily restored by the Neutralizing System. . DISEASES OF W )MKJ( re- crt h^ an
enurely new and oaxn.e^metho^ T^oge unabi. to CgUnclow M?tory and .SS^^J? M
Hours 10 to 12 a. m.. 2to 5 and 7to 8 p.m.: Sundays', 10 to 12 -am
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM, 524 TAYLOR ST., eJ^&S^,
ADVEBTISEMENTS^ _______!
OF
GERMAN LINENS!
We have just received direct from the
manufacturers in GERMANY a very large
shipment of extra quality Housekeeping
Linens, and commencing MONDAY, March
28, will offer the same at lower prices
than similar goods have ever been sold at
in San Francisco.
The assortment consists of HEMSTITCHED and FRINGED
TABLE SETS, FRINGED LUNCH SETS, HEMSTITCHED and
FRINGED DOYLIES,' HEMSTITCHED and PLAIN NAPKINS, HEM- ,
STITCHED TRAY CLOTHS and STAND COVERS, HEMSTITCHED
and FRINGED TOWELS, HEMSTITCHED TEA CLOTHS, HEM-
STITCHED TABLE SCARFS and a great variety of FINE
TABLE DAMASKS, with NAPKINS to match. \ :
SPECIAL-
250 dozen GERMAN DAMASK NAPKINS, 26 \
inches square, handsome patterns—
$3.00 Dozen.
SPECIAL-
40 pieces EXTRA QUALITY TABLE DAM-
ASK, all new designs—
$1.00 Yard.
.. — _ — __ — ' a
...111. 113. 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
Of
cure their outfits of the local merchants.
While the original committee's represen
tatives did some good, there were a few
who placed the body under a cloud by
th Fo r r °aU d th°is, the Board of Trade took
up the work, and hoped that with the
help of the original commercial bodies
it would recover sume of the lost ground.
To this end. Manager J. A. r ileher sent
out invitations to all the organizations
named, asking them to send representa
tives to a meeting to be held for the pur
pose of devising ways and means to carry
on the work and finally establish the fact
that San Francisco is the best port on the
Western coast to outfit. Some of tne
bodies have responded and named repre
sentatives, but there are some which
seem to be suffering from "cold feet,"
so to speak. At least, they have not
named any one to be at the meeting, and
unless a move is made in this direction
very soon the Board of Trade is likely
to take up the burden and carry the
project on its own shoulders. ALaybe that
is what some desire, as such a move
would give them the benefit of success
and they would not be responsible for
failure should that be the fate of the
* *Manager Filcher says that every day
the number of inquiries from prospective
Klondikers continues to increase, and
large numbers of the writers state tnat
they are intending to tret their outfits in
this city. He and his assistants continue
to send out hundreds of letters and an
swers to inquiries. The exhion. at the
bureau of information at the foot of Mar
ket street is still a source of interest to
hundreds who are going to the north.
As soon as the committee or the board
decides upon some concerted action the
tield of usefulness of the bureau will be
increased 100 per cent.
THE CONTRACT BBOKEN.
Inter-Collegiate Games Will Here
after Be Held at Central Park.
Football Managers Priohard of Stanford
and Brown of Berkeley met to-day in this
city and gave formal notice to Colonel
Robinson, proprietor of Recreation Park,
that their colleges considered the con
tract entered into last August for use
of the grounds for college games at an
end. The contract has still one year to
run, but as the clause which* prohibits
the sale of intoxicating liquors on the
premises was violated during the foot
ball matches of last season the manage
ment of both colleges thought it best to
take advantage of the annulment and
terminate their obligation.
Favorable terms have been secured
from the owners of Central Park, the
scene of former football matches, and a
contract was drawn up to-day which will
probably be ratified in due time by the
student bodies of the interested colleges.
In the new agreement the university man
agement reserves the right to put in their
own seats. This provision is made to
prevent the recurrence of such an acci
dent as happened during last year's
intercollegiate gridiron contest at Rec
reation Park, when the roof of tb«; <rand
stand fell in, resulting in the injury of
many people.
1 Fine Tailoring 1
I At Cut Rate Prices |
I ALL WOOL SUITS I
At Cut Rate Prices i
ALL WOOL SUITS fjL
? MADE TO ORDER §f~
5 FOR p
I $12, $15.50, 7.50 and {20 1
|j THEY BEAT THE WORLD j|
% FOR QUALITY AND STYLE P
(joePoheimT!. H LOR|
i 1110-1112 Market St. 1
% 844-846 Market St. 5
:| 201-203 Montgomery St.' p
| SAN FRANCISCO, CAL: if
000000000000000000
_. Cash op Little-at-a-Time Payments. P
o — °
% — — 2
q A_ Mahogany-Roman Chair, with ©
q. tufted silk-finished seat, at Noonan's O
q next week..... $1.75 O
q A carload of Chairs just unpacked — O
_ dozens of styles — you're welcome O
"to credit. — V- O
o J. NOONAN, %
° lOir to 1023 MISSION STREET, ©
O 516 to 522 MINNA STREET, O
•O ABOVE SIXTH. Q
O Phone Open _
" . South 14. Evenings. O
o o
000000000000000000
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
$ OFFICE.
\^rj 1004. Market St,,
[Sear Powell.
Telephone, Soxxtix 4ao,
Ti^K^O^ AND RKLIABLE OL»
20 yetA ? P rnori«P!. v - c! Ma i? Iyi>ower^stored.1 y i>owe r^stored. Over ,
SSlhSKoiW cv V^yrr nab ' c - Hoor-s. 9 to 3 >
lionfJc/anH .„, JF X Sdndnys. 10tOl2. Consult*-
uonlree and sacredly confidential C*il oraddreM
2«u .T ROSfOE MeßilTl.Tr, M- D..
86K Kearny Street. Sag Francl.co! Tal.
li . .^
V^33Q MARKET ST.SJ.^S^
4SCIENTISTS AND MINERS ON THE WAY TO THE NEW TURQUOISE MINES.
TT is now about ten days since The Call's expedition returned from !
1 exploring the prehistoric turquoise mines in San Bernardino County. !
Located about sixty miles northeast of Manvel this remarkable local- !
ity has proved to be the greatest archaeological treasure ever discov- !
ered in California. Scientists all over the country are discussing it, and !
the strange hieroglyphics found there, and wondering what will come !
to light next. <
EVER since the publication in The
Call ;i few days ago of th^ ac
count of its expedition to the
prehistoric turquoise mines in
the desert wilds of Ban Bernar
dino C. ... :y scientists have been
able to talk of little else. The news of
the discovery came as a surprise and a
revelation; the more so in view of the
fact that The Call's expedition spent
a very short time there. That so many
valuable facts could be gathered in r,o
short a time the belief in natural that
much more could be obtained by long
and systematic study of the locality.
To this end there is already a move
ment on foot to seild a party to thespot
and find oat just what is there. It is
also possible that the Smithsonian In
stitution vriil send a party there as
: -ts have been brought
before th> proper authorities. From
all the facts obtained there can be
no doubt that much valuable data
concerning some of the very early in
habitants of our country will come to
hand. And it is also safe to say tlr
THE CALL Sunday Edition
there are a number of surprises in
store for students of ancient lore.
The reasons are many. In the first
place, the threat number of the signs
and markings win surely afford a means
of studying the system on which they
were made. The markings are also in
the same places they were when cut,
so that the reasons for cutting them
in such places will most likely be dis
covered.
Also, there is the fact that the murk
ings are in a perfect state of preser
vation, the most perfect that have ever
found on the American continent.
\\ ith such a fund of valuable material
to work on, the student can ask for
nothing more.
Although the scientists of this city
have studied the drawings of the
hieroglyphics published in The Call,
not one of" them has ventured to put
them into any particular niche. It is
generally agreed that they are of 100
high a character to be even faintly re
in ted to any of the known Indian trib^*
of the coast. At the same time, they
are not the writings of any of the an
cient people farther to the south.
What are they then?
Those who have made careful com
parison ol the hieroglyphics all agree
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
T was a wondrous tale Indian John
ny told of the prehistoric turquoise
mines. Indian Johnny is a Piute, the
only son of the chief, and his pepole
have lived in the desert so long that
his wise men cannot count the moons.
Johnny heard the tale from his father
to whom it was handed down after
many scores of generations. The In
dian who first told the story to his sons
has been dead many centuries.
As this man told the story he spoke
as a victor, for he it was who helped to
drive out the strange pale Indians who
on "their" wonderful resemblance to
the Maya. They are similar but not the
same.
From this it is only natural to con
clude that they were carved by a peo
ple in some sort of relationship to the
Mayas. Possibly only a business re
lationship.
The turquoise mines furnish one «o
lution that has hardly been questioned.
The ancient people worked the mines
and sold or traded the ston* -a to the
Mayas or Aztecs, and in their deal
ings picked up a little of the learning
of the more civilized tribes.
Whatever may be the scientific or
commercial value of the new discovery,
there can be no doubt that the lo
cality is at the present time one of the
most interesting spots. in all California.
The spot is one of the wildest on the
THE INDIAN'S STORY
OF THE MINES.
put a wondrous value on the bright
blue stones they dug from the hills.
These pale Indians, so the story runs,
came into the desert from the south.
They took up their abodes in caves
and had many strange dances and cer
emonies. They also had a habit of
carving strange signs <-n the cliffs that
they claimed had a supernatural in
fluenc?.
The Piute braves saw all this and
liked it not. "Those people are witches."
said, "and we should drive them
out." But none dared make the attack,
for the pale Indians were powerful men
and had great hummers of stone with
which they could strike death-dealing
blows.
And so the pale Indians were allowed
to live in peace for many moons. They
multiplied in numbers and became
prosperous. The Piutes liked them
less and less as the years wore on, and
at last decided to drive them out.
Just how this was done history does
earth's surface, and the traveler might
wander over it for days without mec-t
ing a human being.
In the most unexpected part of the
desolate waste there appeared these
mysterious markings on the rocks. It
means nothing to us, but we naturally
ask, "Where is the man who made
them?"
Naturally the mind turns back a
thousand years or so. Perhaps to some
bright spring morning. The country
looked then almost the same as It does
now. The sun shone as bright and
clear and the dry wind of the desert
howled as madly over the barren
rocks. Surely nobody lived there.
But look closer. There, near to the
big bowlder, is a young man with
swarthy skin and long black hair. In
his hand he has a rude hammer made
not tell in detail. But there -was a
?reat war and the Piutes lost many of
their best men; so many that at one
time they despaired of the task. In
the end, however, they won. The pale
Indians were nearly all killed, and
those who were not ran away, never to
come back. Behind them they left all
of their tools and utensils, to be cov
ered up by the sand of the desert. And
there some of them are lying; yet, for
no Piute ever went near the place.
They said it was "haunted ground."
of stone, and with it he is striking
patiently at the black rock. Now he
stops and rubs his head as if in doubt.
Then he goes on again, the sound of his
blows mingling with the desert wind
and the quivering sunshine.
It is slow work, and his diligence
makes little impression on the stone in
front of him. Perhaps he worked for
days, perhaps weeks, but eventually
he finished marking hfs message on the
black surface of the rock.
And then other people with dark
skins came to look at it and to look
with wonder at him who made it. The
artist was a great man of his tribe, for
he could do what the others could not.
All signs of the marker have disap
peared except the crude signs left on
the rough rocks.
THE commercial value of the vast fields of turquoise found cannot
yet bp determined. Expert? v.- ill have to look over the field and de
cide just how It is best to mine the stone? and also how they should
be handled before being: cut. Certain it is some magnificent stones have
been fcur.d there. They were good in both color and texture and have
been pronounced by experts to be of the highest quality.
SCIENTIFIC VALUE OF THE
WRITINGS,
BY GUSTAV EISEN.
In expressing his opinion as regards
the interest connected with the discov
ery of the glyphs surrounding the tur-
quoise mines Professor Le Conte ex
presses a doubt as regards the nature
c-f the glyphs being the samo as those
found in Egypt.
Professor Le Conte is fully justified
in doing so, as it is now fully estab
lished that none of the aborigines of
America possessed an alphabet or any
writing which could be compared to the
phonetic alphabets of the Old World.
Neither the writings of the Aztecs nor
the Mayas were phonetic in the manner
that our own alphabet is. But the Az
tecs really gave a phonetic value to
some signs, while others connected with
them, in the same sentence, merely ex
pressed a certain value or qualification
of toe others. The writing ot the Az
tecs was thus a "rebus" writing and
nothing: more.
If we now turn to the other great civ
ilized nation of Mexico, the Mayas, we
find their writing of even a more start
ling character. Among the many hun
dreds of records of their writing yet
preserved, not one can be shown to
possess a single phonetic element.
The Lanuu r.lphabet, so-called, be
caust* recorded by Btshop Land* of Yu
catan In Mexico, griws us, it is true, a
number of signs with their phonetic
value, and even records a sentence in
the Maya language written in such
characters. " But none of the Maya rec
ords that have come down to us con
tains with certainty any Of these signs,
and it is now almost definitely settled
thai the l>anda alphabet was probably
a late effort oi the Mayas or of some
Maya scribe to invent a phonetic al
phabet, and to introduce the Spanish
method.
What few fragments of writings of
the aborigines that have been found
in Peru and Chile have not yet been
deciphered, indeed they are too frag
Continued on Page 28.18
GRAVE OF OSIRIS DISCOVERED: GREATEST CLASSICAL FIND OF THE DECADE
Hi: tomb <>f Osiris? the tomb of
T Horus? the tomb of Set? If we
are to believe the words of one of
the most reliable of European
scholars, M. Amelineau, he has
..vered the tombs of these
Egyptian deities in the sands of j
Abydos. Abydos is not very far from
Thebes, on the river Nile, and was for- i
merly the capital of the Eighth nome
-or province. The historians tell us that
Abydos was the most sacred spot in
Egypt and that every pious Egyptian
wished to be buried there near the j
shrine of Osiris. When the great fes
tivals were celebrated in the Middle
Empire, one of the chief days was de- i
voted to Osiris of Abydos; the former
battles of this god were represented,
and then the pretended body of the god
was carried to the shrine and buried.
Who was Osiris? His name appears
in the list of the god kings of Egypt
immediately preceding Set" and Horus,
but there are many legends related of
him in Egyptian literature. The chief
of these is that Qeb. the earth god, j
married Nut, the goddess of heaven.
Four children were b.>rn to them, 0.-irir.
and Set, Isis and Nephthys. Osiris
succeeded his father as Pharaoh of
Egypt, marrying his sister, Isis; Set ,
married the other sister, Nephthys.
after she had borne one son, Anubis, to .
Osiris.
When Osiris had reigned for a few
years Set tried to dethrone him, but
failed, and it waa only after Osiris had
been Pharaah for twenty-eight years
that Set laid a plot to kill him. He
made a beautiful coffin, just the size of
Osiris, and offered to give it to any one
whom it would fit. When Osiris got
in to try it Set and his friends put on
the lid, nailed it fast and poured hot
lead all around it. They then threw it
into the Nile, which carried box and
body to the sea.
Isis, Osiris' widow, went in search of
her husband's body, and while living in
the marshes of the delta of the Nile
lie tub was born. Here he grew to
manhood, but Isis was still seeking her
husband's body. The gods to-ld her that
she would now go to Phoenicia, and
there at Byblos she found that the
Chest containing Osiris' body had been
washed up on the shore and inclosed
by the trunk of a huge tree. This tree
had been cut down by the King of By
bios and now stood as a pillar in his .
MUSTERING IN THE SOLDIERS I N '61.
THESE are ante-bellum days in
the opinion of many. The war
clouds which, with the surrender
of Kirby Smith on the 26th pf May,
1866, were in the "deep bosom of
the ocean buried," seem to have
rearisen and to be near.
To the young men, who, if necessity
arise, must bear the shock of arms as
their fathers once did, and, possi
bly, to others, it may be profitable to
recall some of the incidents connected
with the first general draft of soldiers
in America.
On the 13th of April, 1861. Sumter sur
rendered to the Confederacy. Two days
afterward the President called for 75,
000 ninety-day volunteers. In eight
een days more he called for 42.000 ad
ditional volunteers for three years. In
September, 1562, a draft for 40,000 was
ordered in New York to fill up its
quota which had fallen behind, owing
to political animosities. On the first
of February, 1864, the first general
draft that our eagle had even looked
upon was ordered by Abraham Lin
coln.
The writer was one of the Deputy
United States Marshals for an interior
county in the old Keystone State, and
it seems to him even now, that it never
entered into the mind of man to pre
conceive that which then came to his
notice.
In the hands of the civil authorities
claims for exemption were allowable
under State laws.
"More ways than can now be recalled
and some which could not be mention
ed were employed to favor drafted
men, who were to present their exemp
tion'claims at certain places.
When assembled for work we had
each a room and there was a common
reception room. Only residents of
that particular sub-district could pre
sent themselves there.
Under this peneral draft of 500,000
men, substitutes were allowable, and
many who put in claims, honest or oth
erwise for exemption, had eyes open
to the bounties o' from $300 to $1000,
possibly to be obtained as substitutes.
Unfortunately for some of these poor
frightened fellows, certain medical
wags, actuated more by love for the
palace. Isis was engaged as a nurse for
the king's children, and by restoring
one of them to life so gained the king's
good will that he gave her the pillar
containing the long-sought corpse when
she asked for it.
Isis then hastened to Egypt with the
chest, but leaving it to find her son
Horus, Set happened to see the coffin.
He opened it, cut the body of Osiris to
pieces and threw them all over the land
of Egypt. Isis set forth to find these
scattered members and wherever she
found any part she buried it, to be sure
that Set would not interfere again.
Wherever one of these burials took
place a shrine was erected to Osiris,
but his chief shrine was in Abydos,
where it was said that his head rested
in a small chest. The so-ul of Osiris
was transformed into the bird Benu,
the phenix of Greece. As compensa
tion fc,T his sufferings and reward for
Isis' long years of devotion, Osiris be
came the King of the Dead, or the su
preme judge in the "Tribunal of Amen
ti," where he weighed the heart of the
deceased in the scales. The heart is
placed on one side, the symbol f</r truth
on the other.
But the legend is not complete with
out the rest of the adventures of Set
and Horus. After Set's crowning bar
barity of scattering his brother's bones,
Horus, the son of Osiris, seeks out the
murderer to be avenged. A terrible
conflict ensues, in which Horus loses
an eye, but nevertheless makes Set ac
knowledge him as the true Pharaoh.
Such is the chief legend handed down
about these gods for ten millenia. The |
worship of Osiris was at first confined :
to Abydos, but gradually it spread all j
over Egypt, from the sixth dynasty on- I
ward, many of the princes and priests I
having their bodies taken to» Abydos
for permanent burial, or at least to
pay a visit to Osiris I>nofre. This !
ceremony of taking the mummy to see
Osiris was performed in great state by
the priests.
As the reverence for the God-King
spread his character was developed in
the popular mind. As King he was
looked up to for teaching the people
how to till the soil, as the great law
giver and teacher of science. Later he
became not only the King of Eternity,
but also the divine symbol of every
thing that dif-d and lived again. The
avenging Horus, born after his father's
death, was the symbol of final conquest
and later became the sun god. as Osiris
was made the god of the Nile, which
ludicrous, than sympathy for prospec
tive soldier boys, coached the appli
cants and their families with names for
imaginary diseases which came near
being the death of the entire board on
more than one occasion.
Among the first to appear were the
mothers and wives, with now and then
a sweetheart, of drafted men.
Our surgeon, Dr. Rotherick, was one
of the best men in the world; tender
in his sympathies as a girl, and stern
in discharge of duty as the Roman
sentinel at Pompeii. But he bubbled
over with humor, and had appreciation
of the ridiculous, which enabled him to
meet every attempt at deception with a
witty reply and a laughable exposure.
We had to withstand, almost daily,
earnest efforts to swerve us from the
strait and narrow way, so that a
frightened husband, son or best young
man might go free of Uncle Sam's uni
form and hard tack. One elderly Dutch
woman adroitly secured Dr. Rotherick's
attention and gravely offered him "a
barrel of blue-black apple butter" to
pronounce her son, who looked able to
safely fall from a balloon, a physical
wreck.
"Dats my boy," she said over and
over again, adding now and then, "He's
goot to me." The physician was forced
to order the boy to report at head
quarters to be mustered into service.
One old lady came with her son and
family Bible to prove him under 21.
We had been informed that he had
voted a year before. The birth record
in the Bible plainly showed the original
date to have been erased and a new one
entered of a recent date, and in ink of
a different shade. He was requested
to report for a suit of blue.
A broad-shouldered woodchopperof 43
fell into the hands of a wag of a doctor
who after pretending to diagnose his
complaint, had told him what to say to
the surgeon, and had put the words
upon paper lest the applicant should
forget them. When the surgeon asked
what was the matter with him he said
he had "morus multiflorus— bad, very
bad, sir."
"What's that?" almost shouted Dr.
Rotherick. "What Is it you've got?"
The man handed him the paper.
"Who gave you this?"
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
sustains the life of Egypt. The con
flict between Set and Horus then
changed to the symholic strife be
tween light ;-.nd darkness, good and
evil.
Egyptologists, like Brugsch, regard
ed the dynasties of the Egyptian gods
as pure myths, comparing these divini
ties with those of Greece, not hesitat
ing to cite Apollo as the parallel to
Horus, for instance. Later historians
of Egypt, like Bolko Stern (1896) and
Adolf Erman (1885-1895), omit the list
of the god kings altogether, notwith
standing the fact that Egyptian
sources cite two dynasties of god kings,
and then a dynasty of demi-gods. be
fore the first human dynasty beginning
with Menes. Some have doubled the
actuality even of Menes himself, but
late researches, especially by Flinders
Petrie- and De Morgan, have estab
lished the historic character of the
first human dynasty.
M. Amelineau has, however, eclipsed
all previous discoveries by his excava
tions at Ul Uxur (ancient Luxor),
where he asserts that he has found the
actual tombs of Osiris, Set and Huros.
The earliest date assigned to Menes is
5702 B. C, but, according to the Egyp
tian lists of kings, more than 2000
years passed under the divine and
semi-divine dynasties, so that this
latest find takes us back about 10,000
years ago, the time preceding the earli
est of the so-called prehistoric tombs
found by De Morgan. M. Amelineau's
researches, if confirmed, prove thatO.si
ris, Isis, Set and Horus walked the
earth, breathed, married, ruled, fought,
died and were buried.
"Dr. W.— here in this town He ex
amined me an hour and said I had this
disease bad, sir."
"See here, my good man, for you
look like one, do you know what this
paper says is the matter with you?"
"No, sir."
"Well, 'morus multiflorus' is ■ flow
ering mulberry tree. He has fooled
you."
For a moment the victim looked as
tounded; then with a"d n him" he
bolted and we saw him no more — 'ti!
a soldier in camp.
There was in one of the country sub
districts a family of McC's— the father
6 feet high, a blacksmith and
farmer, and six stalwart sons,
each one over 6 feet, with one excep
tion, who made up in rotundity for his
little loss in height. Three of these
sons were blacksmiths, two canal boat
men, and the fat one a quarry hand.
These disability applicants were di
rected to appear for examination,
"clothed in their fears only."
As the jovial Dr. Rotherick looked up
from his record book he saw seven as
large, strong and healthy men as his
eyes ever rested upon.
"Well," said he, "what in thunder
is all — say, what are you doing here?"
looking the old man in the eye. "You're
past 65 if you are a day, and have no
business standing there. What did you
come for, and why did you bring all of
these fellows with you?"
. The old man at last got his breath
and said, "My sons here claim exemp
tion for physical disability. Their
trouble is one th^t has been in our
family for several generations. It
came to me from my father and my
sons have got it. It's lashes-in-your
.„•>••. sir."
What Bid you say? Say it again.
Lashes-in-your-eye — What in Moses'
name is that? Repeat it again, same
as before, eh? I don't make it out."
"Show him Dr. C.'s paper," said
Fatty from the other end of the line,
for he saw it peeking out of his father's
hand. Dr. Rotherick gave one glance
at the paper, and the next instant, with
a start that sent him half-way over his
tables, he said between his teeth,
"Great Heavens! Oh, mercy, this will
kill me!" Turning to his attendant,
This discovery must affect the history
of all nations, more or less, for the
same tendency of elevating the king
first to the position of a hero-, then
of a demi-god and finally of a full and
complete divinity has gone on among
all the peoples of the earth from China
to Scandinavia. The Chinese show us
precisely how much of this process of
apotheosis must have begun in cult of
ancestor worship. Horus avenges the
death of his father Osiris by dethroning
the usurping Set. The sufferings of the
great king who had given Egypt art,
science and law made his memory all
the more sacred. He is first reverenced
and then it is an easy, short step to
worship. Isis. his devoted wife, be
comes the name for wisdom and faith-
fulness, and is symbolized by the dog
star.
Later she is confused with Hathor,
until the two goddesses are merged
into one- with an infinite variety of
names and attributes. Horus becomes
In turn a popular god, being accepted
as the chief figure in the widely pre
vailing worship of the sun. Temples
are erected in various cities to Osiris,
Isis and Horus, the human quality is
lost sight of in the divine, the gods
have lost all similarity to human be
ings.
This sketches the progress of the
idea of divinity as it must have devel
oped in Egypt, now that the tombs of
the god kings have been found. It is a
natural and simple process, which ex
plains itself and upsets at a single
blow the numerous theories which
have been set down as the "science of
religion,"' or the development of "re
ligious concepts."
Volumes have been written upon this
subject, evolved from the inner con
sciousness of the writers, often re
gardless of facts. Many of these works
have been branded as more fanciful
than the myths which they attempted
to explain, but nothing could so con
demn their fancies as the discovery of
the old atone sarcophagi of the gods
hard facts, too hard to be denied.
The a priori savants, who draw their
theories as the spider spins his web,
from their own inwardness, will be
rather tangled up in this web by M.
Amelineau's discovery. It is rather
difficult to reconcile the tomb of a king
with the theory that there never was
"Invite the Marshal and Commissioner
in here."
"Mr. Marshal and Mr. Commission
er," he said as we entered his room,
"I am 56 years old, been in practice
thirty-two years, but may I go to the
d 1 on skates if I ever saw or
heard of anything like this. Here's a
father who claims to have inherited a
disease from his forefathers, and to
have transmitted it to the six sons, six
feet in height and 200 pounds in weight,
a disease, gentlemen, vouched for by
Dr. C. over his own signature."
"They call it 'lashes-in-your-eye —
not understanding Dr. C, who says
they are suffering with chronic cases,
of what might affect the daughters of
Eve, but never has till now affected
mortal man."
"Can't you examine them for your
self?" asked the Commissioner.
"Why— yes— of course 1 can. I forgot
that in my surprise. Old man, you may
retire. I don't care what you've got,
and, though you fellows are hit pretty
hard, I am thankful I have only to deal
with two of you. The two answering
to these names remain— the rest retire.
Step up here, you two lucky ones.
Now, is this trouble which Dr. C. told
you about all that's the matter with
you?"
They said "Yes."
"You work every day at hard labor?
"Yes."
"Let me see your teeth — that's all.
Go fix yourselves up and come back,
and my clerk will have something
ready for you."
They each received an order to re
port for muster into the service of the
United States, and did not have any
more "lashes-in-your-eye."
Not long after these events Provost
Marshals appeared in the various dis
tricts, and the stern demands of mili
tary law took hold of drafting affairs,
pushing aside exemption claims under
State regulations. Few were exempted
now. Bounties were paid — in many
cases more than once. Bounty agents
and bounty jumping became as well
known as Alaska outfitting establish
ments on Market street to-day. . . .
The war went on. Thousands laid
down their lives: many more were dis
abled, and by and by the angel of peace
spread her wings over our land. We
became a national family again and all
gave thanks. P. T. DICKINSON.
The owl's wise look is the result of a
physiological oddity, his eyes being fixed
immovably in their sockets; so whenever
he passes his eyes from one object to an
other he must move his head.
such a being, and that the personalities
Osiris, Isis, Set and Horus are nothing
but personificat'-"^ of the forces of na
ture. This is the way the theorists
went to work. They took all tht- le
gends of the Egyptian gods and noted
that one divinity is spoken of as "God
of the Nile," another is the "Sun God,"
another is the "Dog Star," and they
jumped to the conclusion that all of
the traditions were pure myths, based
upon nature worship. They forgot that
the great cemeteries, the necropolis at
; Abydos, for example, had as their cen
i trai idea the burial of a great god
king, and could not see that there must
have been some great facts behind the
myths — not merely the facts of sun,
star and river, but the more concrete
facts of a human kins.
If we could go to Luxor and see the
massive ruins of the temple., if we could
dig beneath the sands of Abydos and
see the hundreds and thousands of
tombs of great men and small clus
tered around the tombs of the god
kings, we might be convinced that
these kings were once upon the earth.
Here are the countless mastababs, or
truncated pyramids, built for the re
ception of the ancient dwellers in
Egypt. Some of the less wealthy were
satisfied with mere wells, into which
their coffins were lowered. Others had
their mausoleums built in the shape of
grottos, where whole families were
buried. In later times the tombs at
Abydos took the shape of small pyra :
mids, with a more elaborate interior
arrangement. A stele from Abydos,
now in the Leyden Museum, belonged
to "the hereditary prince, and the
prince, the nearest friend of the king,
the high priest, with the right to wear
the royal apron, the judge and prophet
GOLD MINE GUARDED BY A HERMIT.
SUMMIT, Vt., March 17.— Henry Fox,
Oxford graduate, owner of the
famous Tyson gold mine and the
most remarkable hermit New
England has ever known, has re
fused an offer for his "claim," and will
under no circumstances quit the State
for the Klondike, as was generally sup
posed. The account of the offer is not
made public, but that it was a fabu
lous one nobody doubts, as "previous at
tempts at a deal were based on. a high
figure.
The story of Fox Is as remarkable as
that of his mine. He was born in Eng
land so long ago that he can hardly re
member the date, and after his gradu
ation began a tour of the world. He
was shipwrecked twice, and somehow
landed in the Central American mines,
where he made a little money and
learned a good deal about mining. Oh
his return to New York he became the
junior partner in the firm of Richard
& Fox, assayers, 4B Gold street.
When the finding of a few pockets of
gold in Bridgewater brought that town
into prominence he began prospecting
In the Green Mountains at a point
where geologists claim a vein of gold
bearing quartz, extending from Nova
Scotia to South Carolina, comes near
to the surface.
Fox had been in the State less than a
year when he turned up at Ludlow
and organized a company with a capi
tal stock of $100,000 to develop a ledge
he had discovered in Tyson. When
$300,000 had been realized Fox in some
way got hold of the mine, stopped the
machinery, turned off the miners and
established himself in an old house at
the entrance to the main shaft. How
much gold he has actually succeeded
in taking out is a matter for con
jecture.
Tyson Village lies between Echo
Lake and Adsulule, in a valley just
wide enough for a fence and a road.
At the Four Corners, where two high
ways meet, level ground is furnished
for a store, a blacksmith-shop and a
meeting-house, the latter backed by a
graveyard on a hill so steep that no at
of Ma'at, the great priest of Osiris,"
buried here near his god.
It is rather strange, in the face of
such monumental proof as this, to find
the learned Wilkinson writing- that
from the account of Manetho and other
writers who mention the rule of the
gods, it would seem as if the earliest
form of government in Egypt was a
hierarchy where the King was priest.
He adds:
"The succession of the different gods
to the sovereignty of the country
would then be explained by that of the
respective colleges cf priests, though
the duration of their reigns is totally
inconsistent with truth or probability
It is true that infant states are more
usually governed by some individual
pre-eminent for his abilities either as
a statesman or warrior than by a body
of persons with equal authority; but
as the former opinion appears to be
less at variance with what history has
imparted to us, it is more reasonable
to conclude that Egypt was ruled by a
hierarchy."
Fom this it would seem that Wilkin
son's historical instinct suggested the
truth that the ancient yods were kings,
but the rejection of the myths and le
gends about them by other scholars
tempted him to believe that "the story
of Osiris' rule in this world is purely
allegorical." Now, however, through
the latest discovery the true "history
is imparted to us," and we know that
Osiris was not a "mere allegorical
character." Herodotus may have mis
led many Egyptologists by his state
ment that the "Egyptians ridiculed the
Greeks for pretending to derive their
origin from deities." But this is not
the first instance of misleading on the
part of the "Father of Lies." Of course,
tempt was ever made to draw a hearse
up its sides. The village is completed
by two straggling lines of houses,
painted pure white, with bright scarlet
blinds, and set into the base of deep
chested mountains whose precipitous
sides end in rock crests far above the
clouds.
From here to the mine the distance
is four miles. In one room lives the
hermit — that is-, he sleeps there. Most
of his waking hours are spent in the
mine, where he takes out the gold
quartz. The living-room resembles a
good-sized junk shop more than any
thing else, for It is piled with books,
testing tubes, chemicals, electrical ap
paratus and all sorts and kinds of
things. The walls also carry out the
general idea, for they are hung with
pictures, maps and cooking utensils and
strung with small copper wires which'
now and then peep from behind some
fixtures.
It was in this room that a reporter
found the hermit. He was lying on a
bunk reading a magazine. He did not
seem surprised at the interruption, or
particularly pleased, for that matter.
"Yes," he said, after some hesitation,
"I will show the mine."
And rising he opened a door leading
to a room on the sliff side of tne house.
Directly opposite was a door fastened
with many locks. Opening this with
out the aid of a key, he pointed to an
aperture in the rocks. It was six feet
In diameter and leads to the mine hun
dreds of feet beyond in the very heart
of the cliff. After following the pas
sageway for 200 feet or more Mr. Fox
held up a lantern and with evident
pride indicated .several bits of shining
metal that ranged in size from a pin
head to a pea.
"That's gold," he said. "There is a
good deal imbedded in the quartz here,
but beyond"— jerking his thumb in the
direction of the further end of the pas
sageway — "there is more of it. Now
that you have seen where the metal
comes from perhaps you would like to
see some of the results of my single
handed mining."
Ir a room bare of every article of fur
niture with the exception of an old deal
table, the hermit led the way. After
locking the door and laying the key on
Wilkinson Is considered antiquated In
many respects, but in his view o* 7 the
god-kings he has had many imitators
among the most recent writers on the
subject.
The broad effect of M. Amelineau's
discovery will be a revision and rewrit
ing- of the history of ancient Egypt, es
pecially of its earliest section. There
will be a still greater result in mak
ing the scholars of the world more tol
erant and open minded toward the
most ancient legends.
It has been a favorite idea with
! some late students of the Old Testa
! ment to suggest that such men as Ab-
J raham, Isaac and Jacob and the t\v< 1\
! sons of the last patriarch weit pitrw
i mythical, devised by the fancy of the
j people many centuries after the date
'at which they were stated to have
! lived. But research in Babylonia and
j Arabia, especially during the last few
years, tends in the opposite direction.
The very name Abraham has been
' found in Assyrian inscriptions, show
ing that such a name was current at
that time. The names of the kinga
| mentioned in Genesis xiv. have been
I found on the monuments of clay tab
' lets, all tending to establish much of
! the truth of the Biblical statements.
! The discovery of the tombs of the god
kings has no direct bearing upon those
other questions, but indirectly it must
affect the tendency of modern thought
on all allied subjects.
M. Amelineau has startled the world
by the mere announcement of his dis
covery- The particulars and subse
quent developments will be awaited
' with interest by every man who would
| like to know what happened in the
j world ten thousand years ago. what
men and women lived and ruled then
and what they did.
the table he called the attention of his
visitor to a cascade in view of the one
window that broke the monotony of the
walls. As he ceased speaking: there was
a sharp click which caused the reporter
to turn. The hermit had vanished but^
the key still lay on the table. Suddenly
there was a second click and Mr. Fox
stood on the spot where ht^ had last
been seen. In his hands he held an old
hat filled to the brim with nugcrets and.
virgin gold. These he tossed out upon
the tarble and disappeared a second
time. When be again stood in the room
he held In his hand a weighty object.
'This," he said, "is one of the thing 3
you must not tell about. Come, I'll
show you something else."
A quarter of a mile from the house in
a part of the ravine filled with loose
rocks and prolific in caves he entered a
well-concealed passageway, which led
to a chamber of some size. Pulling to
one side a rock which seemed to form a
part of one side of the wall he touched
a spring or button and held up his lan
tern.
"Pretty good, eh?" And he smiled.
"But the contents of that pocket must
not be told of."
"But aren't you afraid you will be
robbed?"
The hermit looked sharply at his vis
itor, pointing to a small copper wire at
the entrance to the chamber, shrugged
his shoulders and laughed.
That laugh was one of confidence.
An act of Parliament was passed in the
reign of Edward 111 prohibiting any one
from being served at dinner or supper
with more than two courses, except upon
some great holidays therein specified, on
which he might ho served with three.
This act has never been repealed, and is,
therefore, still in force
On a piece of land in old Lyme. Conn.,
is a rocking stone of the following di- «
mensions: Around the stone, north nn<l £■
south. 27 feet 7 inches; east and west. 24^
feet 10 inches. This immense stone is so
delicately poised that one-man can rock
it from four to fix inches.
Electro-magnets, capable of picking up
five tons* are used by an Illinois steel
company to transfer steel beams or plates
from one part of the shop to another."OFF TO SEA" SIGNAL ON THE BATTLE-SHIP OREGON
T is tv ") last day of l.ie Oregon's
3 stay in San Francisco, and the
| decks in the srea # t battle-ship are
hip are
\ crowded with hurrying, perspiring
% throngs of bluejackets. In a few
: hours she will be off to make a
ahntvin?? with the other Atlantic bat
tle-ships in the Spanish ouestibn.
Every one who can is at work, appar
ently everything ' s in confusion, but in
reality orderly discipline prevails and
all the arrangreiinents for the lons voy
age which the ship is to make around
the Horn for the Atlantic seaboard are
hjprie carried out with matt( of fact
Precision.' Few people have any idea
■f the amount of labor involved in pre
paring a huge batt!e"-sh.ip like this for
• •'a. Theoretically a man-of-war, once
?ommissioned. is supposed to be always
ready for action. But in practice the~e
,s always a great deal to be done at the
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
last moment, especially when a voyage
of Boch exceptional length is contem
:. And in the Oregon's case the
-.' i:n; was complicated by the fact that
i;i had just come out oC drydock,
. her sea-going qualities have
greatly improved by the addition
■ of bilse keels check the
tendency to excessive rolling which the
formerly manifested.
Thus all the ammunition which had
been discharged previously to going
into drydock had to be taken on board
again: no light task considering that
over 408 tons of shell and powder, gun
cotton and other explosives, are stowed
away far below the water line in the
magazines.
Each of the monster thirteen-inch
guvs in the .turrets fires a shell weigh
ing over 1200 pounds. There are four of
Continued on Page Twenty-six.
1920
SCIENCE CAN TELL ALL ABOUT YOUR STOMACH NOW.
AUSCULTATION, or tapping the
trunk of the body to discover
the condition of the organs from
the sound, has long been prac
ticed by physicians as a method
of diagnosis. By placing the hand over
one \of the internal organs and tapping
on it with the knuckles of the other
hand, they could form some idea from
the sound of the condition of the organ
beneath.
If the organ is compact, like the
liver, the heart, or a bone, the sound
Is dull; and if it is light and full of gas,
like the lungs and the stomach, the
sound is sonorous. An organ that is
sonorous in its normal state gives a
dull sound when it is diseased, the
lungs becoming dull as they are at
tacked by pneumonia; and vice versa.
Of course these differences in the
sound are extremely slight, and it has
hitherto required much experience to
interpret them correctly. But, thanks
to the recent invention of Doctors Bi
anchi and Bazzi of the University of
Parma, the newly fledged medico may
diagnose the conditions of the internal
organs with as great precision as that
veteran physician has acquired in
years of practice.
These two physicians have solved the
problem of accurately collecting and
HER DISAPPEARANCE
STILL A MYSTERY
BOSTON, Mass., March 25.— There '
was a tragic climax in the fam- ;
ous mystery of the disappear- t
ance of Grace Stevenson, the
beautiful millionaire heiress,
whose fate has puzzled the j
■whole country, when the body of j
James Stevenson, her father, was laid
in its grave, he having succumbed to
the terrible mental strain of the un
certainty of the fate of his daughter
and died of a broken heart, which ag
gravated his bodily ills.
In spite of the fact that nearly a year
has passed since Boston was startled
by the announcement of the disappear- t
ance, not one single clew to her fate
has been unearthed, and the mystery
remains as profound as ever.
After ten months' time the police and
the members of the family alike agree
that they are powerless to solve the
riddle, and the case bids fair to go
down In history as one of the most re
markable of the few important com
plete disappearances on record. The ■
entire country has been scoured by de
tectives, a thousand clews have been ;
run down in vain, money has been
■pent without stint and rewards of- !
fered by the thousand, but all to no
purpose.
Not only can Grace Stevenson not be
found, but, unlike all other cases, the
police have been utterly unable to
trace her a single step after she left
her home. It is as if she had dropped j
out of existence.
The last faint hope perished this week j
■when even the death of the father j
failed to bring the missing girl to the j
grave or to bring any message from her j
telling whether she was alive or dead.
Many of her friends think that this ;
is sufficient reason to give her up for j
dead, while others still cherish a hope j
<hat she may be. living but forcibly j
prevented from communicating with !
Jier family.
James Stevenson died Sunday at the
Old Point Comfort Hotel, Old Point
Comfort, Va., and the body was at
©nee brought here. The last words of |
the dying man were of his daughter, i
end death had no sting so bitter as
the thought that he must die without
knowing his child's fate.
It remained for death alone to patch
up the family dissensions in the Stev
enson family, the troubles which some
people still think caused the voluntary
flight of Grace from the paternal roof,
which was made so unhappy for her
because of the estrangement of her
father and mother.
For years Mr. Stevenson had not
lived in the family mansion at Brook
line, but kept bachelor hall at the
Clarendon Hotel, of which hostelry he
not long ago became the proprietor.
All efforts at reconciliation were in
vain, and Grace was the only connect
ing link between the two factions of
the divided household. She alone of j
all the family still showed any affection j
for her father, her brothers all siding
with the mother and declining to even j
visit their father. Then when she dis- |
appeared and Mr. Stevenson could not I
find any trace of her the shock was too !
much and nature gave way under the
terrible strain.
But death healed the breach, and i
WIN If'
magnifying these sounds. This service
had been done in part by the stetho
scope; but the new invention, the
phonendoscope, has made a great ad
vance on the older instrument, and
seems destined to count for almost as
much in the progress of medicine as
has the discovery of the Roentgen ray.
The phonendoscope consists primarily
in a metal stem, T, terminating in an
ebonite button, B. The stem receives
the vibrations of the organ and trans
mits them to a first disk of ebonite,
which is made strong enough not to
give when the stem is pressed against
the human body. This first disk is
separated by a shallow air chamber
from a second ebonite disk, which is
as thin as that of a telephone trans
mitter. These disks are bedded in a
mass of metal about the size of a
watch. Between the second disk and
the metal is an air chamber, C, in
which the sounds are condensed and
then transmitted through the openings,
O O, and the rubber tubes A A, to the
physician's ears.
Suppose now that you wish to ex
amine the heart. You select on the
chest the point where the heart is in
direct contact with the thoracic wall.
This choice is important, for if an or
gan, say "a lobe of the lung, is inter
posed between the heart and the wall,
the instrument cannot collect the vi
brations produced by the heart; they
will be stopped in great measure by the
lung.
Placing the bottom of the stem on the
with the burial of the broken-hearted
father was also interred the family
skeleton. The dying request of Mr
Stevenson was that his body be
buried from his wife's residence, and
this wish was complied with.
It was in the early evening of April
2G of last year that Grace disappeared,
but it was more than two months later
when the news was made public, the
members of the family hoping to avoid
unpleasant publicity and expecting to
be able to tind her by the efforts of
their own private detectives. They
were unsuccessful, however, and soon
the whole country rang with the story
of the strange case.
Grace Stevenson is about 26 years
old, although ?he does not appear to
be a day over 20. She Is of a bit more
than medium height for a woman, of
slender build, but of fine figure and
perfect carriage.
Her complexion is her most remark
able feature, almost startling in its
pallor, white as marble, yet relieved
by a delicate flush on the cheeks. Her
face is oval, cheek bones prominent,
and nose straight and in perfect pro
portion. Her eyes are deep blue. Her
hair is a rich dark brown with just a
suggestion of Titian auburn when the
sunlight touches it. Owing to an acci
dent in childhood her upper front teeth
are false, and when she went away one
of them was broken.
Not a pronounced beauty, still an
attractive girl, Grace Stevenson is
one who would attract attention upon
any street.
The singular details of Grace's de- 4
parture baffle all attempts at theory
making. It would seem that when she
left the hor.se she had no intention of
running away, for she had nothing but
slippers on her feet and only about $6
in her pocket-book. She left all of her
jewelry and valuables behind and did
not provide herself with money as she
could easily have done. There was not
the slightest sign of any preparations
for departure in the house. She had
not arranged any of her possessions as
she would have done had she even been
going out for the shortest kind of a
visit. Everything was left just where
she had last used it. She did not even
take her watch.
With a pleasant word to her mother
and brother Grace stepped aboard a
streetcar bound for Boston and has
never been seen or heard from since.
Was she murdered? Was she kid
naped? Did she elope? Was she sud
denly taken insane? Did she desire to
escape from her unhappy home? These
are the questions which have not yet
been answered and which there is no
prospect of answering. There seems
to be plenty of evidence, however, to
combat any of these theories, yet the
fact remains that she is missing.
It was at first supposed that the fam
ily trouble was responsible for her leav
ing home, and the father and mother
suspected each other of being implica
ted in her disappearance, but the death
of her father refuting this on his death
bed, and the prostration of the mother
because of her worry over the* uncer
tainty, dispels this thought. The fol
lowing words of Mr. Stevenson, how
ever, are pregnant with meaning and
tragic in their intensity:
"Oh, that my girl would only let me
know where she is! I cannot under
stand why she leaves me in ignorance.
Why does she not send me some word.
If alive she must know how I long for
her.
'watcm;
- .. — r , -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
shows the stomach empty
g after one-half liter of liquid has been
drunk.
Q the stomach two hours late.
joint selected, you hold the stem per
>endicular to the thoracic wall, slight
y depressing the skin. With the sec
md finger of your free hand you com
)ress the skin toward the organ to be
jxamined and rub it with the tip of
EXAMINING THE CONDITION OF THE STOMACH WITH THE PHONENDOSCOPE.
By moving this new instrument over the trunk of the body the operator can distinctly trace the organs lying: beneath
and can determine what condition they are in. Many new and valuable discoveries regarding the »tomach have aJready
been made by this newly invented Instrument. For instance, it was formerly supposed that when one flrank water the
fluid did not stop in the stomach. The new instrument shows that the stomach retains liquid as well as solid foods. Many
new discoveries have been shown by it that are of inestimable value to dyspeptics. The accompanying sketches show the
effects of water, seltzer water, tea and wine in the stomach. *'A" shows the stomach empty; "B" shows It after one-half
liter of liquid has been drunk; and "C" shows It two hours later.
"You know what my home life has
; been for the last few years, and how
I Grace has striven in my behalf. She
| asked me on the last morning that I
'< saw her to come home. 1 said as I
, kissed her for the last time, "Yes, dear,
I'll come home to-night.'
"I had my son drive mo out that very
night, but I did not enter the house.
,My wife came out and ordered me
, away, and wanted to know what right
; I had on those grounds. I told my son
'to drive me back to the hotel. I could
I not stand It.
"Grace left home shortly after I was
there. She had asked that I return
and stay at home, and I had promised
my child that 1* would. I was refused
admittance, and I think that she was
driven from home too. I have not the
slightest doubt that when I had gone
away she and her mother had some
words. That woman is the cause of it
all. Grace could not stand it any
more than I could and went away.
"I can scarcely believe that she has
done away with herself, but there are
only two things to believe, either that
she has gone away with some one or
that she has taken her life. She has
had to stand the strain for three years,
and if I couldn't stand it how could
she?
"Why were the police not notified be-
I fore and %vhy .was I kept in ignorance
I of it for four days?"
The elopement theory is an empty
! one, for none of her friends have dis
j appeared, and she was not known to
! have had any lovers.
If she had committed suicide the
, body or some trace of It would have
■ been found.
I The same answer could be given to
Indention of a NoVel
Instrument Jhat In
dicates the Gondi
tion and Work of
the Internal Or
gans Under All Gir
cumstances.
the murder theory.
If she was kidnaped for the pur
pose of a ransom she would have been
restored long ago, as the parents would
have gladly bought her back, even
though the price were her weight in
gold.
The insanity theory is scouted for
the reason that there are no evidences
of any weakness in her mind or traces
of insanity in the family.
It is not believed that she left home
because of the trouble between her
father and mother, for the reason that
had this been the case she would cer
tainly have been at her father's side
during his last moments, for she loved
him dearly.
Admitting all this, however, there
must be some solution to the mys
tery. What is it?
A former schoolmate, who was In the
same class with Miss Stevenson at the
Brookline High School, says that Grace
had a good voice and evinced some in
clination for the operatic stage. Mrs.
Stevenson, on the other hand, says that
Grace had no special musical ability to
warrant any such leaning. She sang
some, she says, but nothing out of the
ordinary. She had private lessons on
the piano, but not in voice culture.
Her friends, too, think that she would
have sent word home before this if she
had gone on the stage in ordor to let
her folks know that she was alive.
It is said that Miss Stevenson was
exceptionally proficient in the use of
the needle, and if necessary could turn
her hand to professional dressmaking
with good profit. The police think that
she may have gone out to earn her own
living in this manner.
Her uncle, John Stevenson, a wealthy
manufacturer of linen underwear, is
located at Belfast, Ireland, and at one
time it was firmly believed that she
had fled to his protection in order to
escape from the trouble of her own
home. It was understood that this was
a plan conceived by her father in order
to place his favorite daughter in a
more congenial atmosphere. It was sup
posed that this plan was made on the
day of her disappearance when she
called upon him at the hotel, and that
in case of any such contingency aris
ing upon his visit to the family man
sion as did actually take place she was
to wait no longer but fly to her uncle.
James Stevensc-n, the father, ran
away from home when he was twelve
years old and at that time his brother
John had not been born. James fought
in the Crimean war and then came to
America, without returning to Ireland.
Thus the two brothers never met until
John ca.mo to this country two years
ago, He visited his relatives here and
they all became fast friends. He was
particularly fond of Grace and has
often since urged her to visit him and
the invitation had been warmly sec
onded by her father
Then the rumor of the flight to Ire
land was first bruited about. It was
accepted as the only solution of the
mystery, but a prompt cable denial
from John Stevenson himself set this
story at rest, although some people do
even yet say that there may be some
thing in It after all, and that the cabled
denial may have been a deliberate de
ception. But it docs not seem at all
probable that this is the case, in view
of the serious illness of both the father
and mother, which must have aroused
the filial instincts of the heart and
compelled her to allay their fears for
her welfare.
Letters and postals and telegrams
still continue to pour in upon the po
lice and the members of the family
j from all parts of the country, offering
! to locate the missing girl for various
considerations, while some of them ac
tually claim to have her where they
can lay their hands upon her at any
| moment. But thousands of these
; have been run to earth only to disap
i point the searchers.
Many a sad and wearisome journey
i has Mrs. Stevenson made to view the
! remains of some unknown unfortunate
j answering some of the details of the
■ description of her daughter, but she
I has all along maintained that she Is
i not dead, and that she will be restored
to her some day, although she admits
that she can name no logical reason
; for this belief.
The celebrated mystery of the disap
pearance of Charley Ross pales into in
significance compared with that of
Grace Stevenson, and the fate of the
girl bids fair to go down In police an
nals as one of the very greatest and
most fascinating cases on record.
Thus the death of the father adds an
other important chapter to the story.
What will be the next?
.3ELHZOJ' -WATER 1
this finger. The organ underneath be
gins to vibrate. These vibrations, in
appreciable to the ear, are amplified by
the phonendoscope to a loud noise, and
it may still be differentiated and recog
nized even when another organ inter
venes.
Thus, the outlines of any Internal or
gan which has a point of contact with
the exterior envelope of the body may
be located and outlined.
Up to the present time anatomists
have known the stomach only in the
shape in which it is found in the ca
daver. Percussion could teach us noth
ing of the lower part of this often ail
ing organ. By means of the phonen
doscope it has been shown that the
stomach, even when empty, is longer
vertically than the anatomists had
supposed, and that it is extended much
more when it receives food.
It was formerly supposed that when
one drank water the fluid did not stop
in the stomach. There exists, it was
held, a special set of muscular fibers,
sometimes called "the Swiss cravat."
which contracted and made the liquid
pass along the way into the intestine.
By the aid of the new instrument it has
been discovered that is a mistake: the
stomach retains liquid as well as solid
foods.
To empty itself the stomach rises,
elongating itself transversely. The level
of the liquid it contains rises until it
attains the pyloric orifice and the liquid
flows out intermittently. This shows
the reason of the dry regimen pre
'WINGING" A PART
WITH THE ACTORS
ACTORS are frequently called
upon almost at the last moment
to play a part which is entirely
to them. On such occa
sions they perform truly extra
ordinary feats of memorizing. Almost
all the "well-known actors now playing
in New York have been obliged to
memorize parts with a rapidity which
seems marvelous.
"My first appearance on the stage,"
said William H. Crane yesterday, "was
due to my retentive memory, and a
curious chance event it was. I was
playing with some boys on the Boston
Common one day when another boy,
whom I did not know, came along. "I'm
an actor,' said he. 'Well. I can sing,"
said I, for I had the beginning of what
promised to develop into a fair bass
voice. 'Come along,' said the boy; 'let
my mother hear you.'
'He turned out to be a son of the Hoi- j
mans, who were at the head of the Hoi- i
man Opera Company, and as the result j
of my chance acquaintance with him I j
was apprenticed to his parents for the I
munificent sum of nothing per week.
"I used to hang around in the wings
and watch the performances, chafing
because I didh't get a chance to go on j
myself. At last, one night before the j
performance of Weber's opera 'Der j
Freischutz,' the singer who played Cas- j
par was suddenly taken ill. I had
never seen a line of the music of the
dialogue of the part, but I knew it all \
by ear and memory from hearing it :
from the wings. I volunteered, went
on, got through first rate, and that was i
the beginning of my stage career.
"In the old days when I was playing
in stock companies I was a great hand
at what actors call 'winging' a part. An j
instance in my own experience will ex- j
plain the term. 'David Garrick' was j
announced for a performance at Me- j
Vicker's Theater, Chicago. When I
reached the theater in the evening I |
found that the actor who was playing ,
Squire Chivvey hadn t turned up. I
didn't know a line of the part, but as
I was known to be quick study I was
asked to fill the breach. Before the \
curtain went up I had 'gobbled' the I
lines of the first act. Standi. g in the j
wings I'd glance over the lines before !
going on. The second act I studied
during the intermission and got a re
call for the drunken scene at the end
of the act. During the next intermis
sion I learned the third act, not one
line of which I had read when the cur- j
tain went up on the first.
"In those days there was no question
about an actor jumping in at the last
moment and either 'winging' or 'swal
lowing' a part. It wasn't a question of ■
'can.' but of 'must.' I was known as !
a terrific 'swallower.' I swallowed' I
the part of Hector in 'Led Astray,' a
part consisting of sixty-four closely
written 'lengths' (as we call pages), in
a day. It's a curious fact, htrwever,
that the longer a play is on the more
there is to do for tne prompter. The
first week or two of a new play hardly
any prompting Is required. After a
while, though, we have to have a
prompter in either wing. Somehow
much repetition seems to make the act
or careless. He lets his mind stray
from the role, • drops a line here and
there, and can't pick it up without the
prompter's aid."
"The only instance T recall of 'swal
lowing' a part," said Mr. John Drew,
"occurred— but I am beginning to de-
, TEA.
scribed for weak stomachs, the Hquii3
drunk remaJning in the stomach wi.h
the solid foods and the weight imposed
on the organ is diminished in propo
tlon as the liquids are avoided.
According to the nature of the liquica
the stomach disembarrasses itself of!
them more or less quickly, and the ob
servations made on this point by Drs.
Bianchi and Comte. reported at the re
cent International Medical Congress at
Moscow, teach us much regarding the
liquids that can be recommended to
dyspeptics.
The accompanying figures show the
effects of drinking water, wine, seltzer
water and tea. The first. A, shows the
stomach empty; the second, B. shows
it immediately after a half liter of the
liquid has been drunk, and the third,
C, shows it two hours later.
It will be observed that the seltzer
water passes away most slowly, which
the peculiar hump on the outline of the
top, opposite the exit, explains; the gas
in the seltzer water is freed and ex
pands the stomach, forming a cushion
against which the weight of the liquid
has to be raised.
Beer has much the same effect. Milk
and chocolate pass away rapidly.
Wine, too. escapes rapidly, but this is
Jn a measure due to the contraction of
the stomach due to the irritation pro
duced by the alcohol.
This rapid contraction explains the
awakening of the appetite produced by
bitters. Liquors which give out gas, on
the contrary, allay the pangs of hunger.
] cline to give dates now. I had been
touring and returned to Philadelphia at
i 5 o'clock in the morning. Reaching
| home I was confronted with the an
nouncement that by evening I must
have a new role, and a 10-ng one, ready
; —Mr. Bronzely in 'Wives as They Were
! and Maids as They Are.' But I 'swal
lowed' the part and played it all right.
"In fact. I am a 'quick study.' But
the quality of a part often determines
the ease or difficulty of learning it. For
Instance, it required more time for me
i to learn the Comte de Candale In the
| 'Marriage of Convenience' than to mem
orize Dick Rudyard. my present role.
The latter is colloquial, whereas the
Comte's lines are very clear cut and
I precise, and erne must be very exact
|in speaking them. I have always found
lit easy to learn blank verse. The
I rhythm of the verse seems to suggest
! the word."
"In every-day matters," said Henry
Miller, "names escape me, but trt^r
do not in theatrical roles. I suppose I
■ must remember them by the aid of
| sound, as one remembers harmonies in
I music. They form, as it were, part
i of the dramatic harmony of the role.
"So far as actually committing a part
to memory is concerned I may say that
I I never study. I doubt if I have de
voted an hour to actually memorizing
! 'The Master.' I absorb my lines by go
' ing through them at rehearsal. I my
' self do not believe in the formal mem
! orizing of lines. I think the effort de-
S stroys spontaneity. You get the lines
j instead of the general tone of the role.
"During the long run of 'The Wife'
at the Lyceum Theater I had rather a
curious experience. Mr. Lemoyne and
myself had a good deal of time on our
hands, so we decided to devote it to
mastering a system of memorizing
which was taught by a specialist. We
went to him and took a course of les
sons, with the result that as we began
to master his system "we began to for
get our lines in 'The. Wife.' We ac
quired the whole line of the Presidents
of the United States, but we lost the
lines of Belasco. So we stopped kill
ing time that way."
"Swallowing a part is all very well,"
said Charles Walcot of the Lyceum
Theater Company, "but you know a
'swallower' forgets the role the next
day as completely as if it had been
wiped off a slate. I have had to do
considerable 'swallowing' in my time.
W T hen I was playing at Winter Garden
—I don't think I will tell you how
many years ago — we got up a benefit
for the family of Fire Chief Morgan,
who had been killed at a. fire. At 4
o'clock one afternoon I was cast for
Captain Hawksley. in 'Still Waters.^
Run Deep.' It's a role of at least twen
ty 'lengths.' and has a lot of algebra
problems and algebraical expressions
which have to be rattled off with ab
solute correctness, and 1 never studied
algebra. But the next morning, at 10
o'clock, I rehearsed the part letter per
fect, arrd played it that night. I sup
pose it would take me two weeks now
to learn that role. But when you'ra
young you can do almost anything, for
| ours is a profession In which the older
| yqu grow the less you find you know
about it.
"In the old stock company days,
i which are beinc revived In a measure.
j the stock star was supposed to know
all the leading parts going, besides sec
] ondary roles, in which he might be
obliged to support some special star
during some particular engagement.
So many roles ami so many costumes
were his stock in trade, and if he could
not go on at a moment? notice he was
likely to lose his position.LOOTED FOURSCORE
YANKEE VESSELS
b'fe on Board the Alabama Dur
ing the Time She Was Trying
to Drive Yankee Commerce
From the Seas.
)y a Man Who Was Captured on One of the Prizes and Served Till He
Made His Escape.
T"\URING the present war talk a great deal of figuring has been
► I done to show the damage Spain might be able to inflict upon the
h commerce of America by means of privateers. That a great deal
■ of harm could be done in that way may be gauged by the injury
► caused by the Confederate cruisers during the rebellion, which resulted
► In practically clearing the seas of American shipping. The damage
■ done was altogether disproportionate to the means employed. One or
■ two vessels equipped at small cost destroyed millions of property, and
■ for two or three years caused a reign of terror on the ocean which was
► without a parallel in this century. That Spain, weak as she is, could
- imitate the example of the Confederacy and with a few swift unar
•■ mored vessels strike a terrific blow at American interests on the high
► seas is apparent to all who recollect or have read about the destructive
► work of the Alabama, the Shenandoah and the Florida.
L
OVER in Alameda. In a modest
little cottage, is the home of
Alfred Baker, a quiet, retiring
man of about 60 years, stii! lithe
and active, but with nothing in
his manner or appearance to in
dicate that he had participated in the
stirring scenes of one of the most excit
ing episodes of the Civil War. He was
a member of the crew of the notorious
Alabama while she was actively en
gaged in her work of destroying Ameri
can commerce.
"I am a native of England," he began
In relating his thrilling experiences,
"having been born in Dorsetshire, but
the early part of my life was passed on
the Isle of Wight, where I naturally
acquired a liking for a seafaring life.
I had been on several vessels, in one
capacity and another, and in October,
l^ij'2, ah . is steward on .fie three
masted st .'. :.■ . Crenshaw, bound from
New York tv Glasgow with a cargo of
wheat.
"Before we left New York we had
heard some reports of the dreaded Ala
bama, which began her work in August
of that year, and had already taken
several vessels when we started. But
we had no fear of her, supposing that
our course was far out of her track,
and gave no more than a passing
thought to the possibility of capture.
"We had been out four days, and
■were well into the Gulf Stream, when
one morning we sighted a steamer. She
sighted us about the same time, and
changed her course so as to intercept
us. We supposed she wanted to speak
to us for some purpose, but when about
two miles off she lired a gun for us to
heave to, a:;d at the same time ran the
stars and bars up. This was the course
always followed by the Alabama, as I
afterward, learned. When she sighted
-h? would first hoist the flag
of the nation to which she supposed the
: belonged; then, when she got
within distance, she would fire a gun
and at the same time run up her own
flag.
"We hove to, of course, as that was
the only thing to do; but even then did
not know that it was the Alabama until
a boat came alongside. After examin
ing our papers and finding we were an
American vessel, the officer declared
the Crenshaw a prize to the Confed
erate States cruiser Alabama. We only
had a small crew, and we were quickly
bundled over the side, while the Ala
oama men set fire to the schooner, and
she was soon destroyed.
"When we got on board the Alabama
■we found that there were twenty-five
or thirty other prisoners there, who
were kept in irons, but allowed to re
main on deck. Indeed, there was no
room below, and the prisoners had to
sleep in the boats, on the deck, under
old sails or wherever they could find a
place.
"Except for being kept in irons, to
prevent any attempt on their part to
take the vessel, the prisoners were well
treated. Being a steward, I was not
ironed, and it was my duty to look af
ter the provisions of the Crenshaw's
crew. We were well fed, being given
the same provisions as the Alabama's
men. and supplies of all kinds were
abundant. In fact, they always were,
as we had the pick of the supplies of
every vessel that was captured. We
found that the crew of the Alabama
were nearly all Englishmen.
"The privateer did not go any nearer
New York than the point where the
Crenshaw was captured. They found
on our vessel some late newspapers,
which told of the supposed where
abouts of the Alabama and said that
several men-of-war had been sent in
pursuit of her. So Semmes turned his
vessel south toward the West Ir.dies.
"In a day or two we captured
another ship, which turned out to be
'half English,' as it was called, that
is, an American bottom and an English
cargo. Semmes could not touch it, but
put it under a bond and then trans
ferred all his prisoners to it to be taken
to shore.
"They had noticed that I was ex
perienced in my work as steward, and
before sending thf prisoners to the
other ship I was asked to remain and
act a? steward for the Alabama. They
offered me $30 a month, and as I feared
that if I left and shipped again it
would be only to be captured a sec
ond time by the Alabama or some
other cruiser, I decided to stay.
"We went on south, passing through
CAUGHT LIKE RATS DROWNING IN A TRAP,
the windward passage and going to
the harbor at Port Royal, where we
anchored. There was a. coal ship in
HOTTEST WORK OF THE FORWARD ELEVEN-INCH PIVOT GUN.
the harbor, which Captain Semmes at
once boarded. After a short stay he
returned. As soon as he came aboard
the coal ship raised anchor and left.
We stayed there two days and on the
third day, early in the morning, the
United States steamer San Jacinto
came into the harbor in search of -the
Alabama. Semmes. recognized her at
once, but Captain Wilkes did not know
the Alabama, and, as it subsequently
turned out. thought she was a French
man-of-war.
"The San Jacinto kept on across the
mouth of the harbor, and at 9 o'clock
Semmes, a? was his custom, ran up
the stars and bars.
"The San Jacinto at once stopped
and sent a boat ashore, which called at
an Amercan vessel that lay in the har
bor and evidently made arrangements
with her to keep the San Jacinto noti
fied of our movements. In order to
comply with the regulations of neutrals
the American veFsel kept three miles
off shore and patrolled back and forth
across the mouth of the harbor, watch
ing for us to come out.
"As soon as night fell we got steam
up, covered every light, took a French
pilot aboard, raised our anchor and
started out. At our first move a rocket
shot up from the American merchant
man, which was evidently a signal to
the San Jacinto that we were trying to
escape.
"Our guns were all shotted, the men
were all at quarters and we were all
ready for a fight and expected one. but
we never got a glimpse of the Yankee,
nor she of us.
"We then went to Blanquilla, where
we found the coal ship that we had
seen at Port Royal, and which had
brought a cargo of coal from Cardiff
for us in accordance with an arrange
ment made previously. We cruised
there for a week or more and took sev
eral prizes, burning them and putting
their crews on board a "half-prize" to
be landed.
"At that time Captain Semmes was
lying in wait for the regular Aspinwall
steamer, bound for New York, which
he had learned in some way had an
immense sum in gold dust, something
like J1.0n0.000. from California on board,
and which he was determined to cap
ture. The regular route of these vessels
was by the east «nd of Cuba, but as
we afterward learned word of the do-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
Ings of the Alabama had been sent to
Asplnwall, and as it was suspected that
we would try to capture a treasure
ship she was sent by the route around
the other end of the island.
"However, we made a good capture
within a day or two. We were lying
close in shore with fires banked when
the steamer Ariel of the New York and
Aspfnwail line was sighted coming
from the north on her way to the
isthmus. We at once got under sail
and went out to meet her.
"As soon as we could get up steam
we dropped our propeller and rapidly
overhauled the Ariel. She did not sus
pect our Identity. When we got close
enough we fired a gun and raised our
flag.
"At once the Ariel turned and fled
toward the north as fast as she could.
She had 750 passengers on board, in
cluding 150 soldiers. We gave chase
and soon commenced to overhaul her.
As we came up we could see that ev
ery one was on deck, and the side of
the ve-.=?el was black with heads. In
fact, we cruld not see a thing all
round her rail but rows and rows of
heads.
"As the Ariel paid no attention to
our blank shot, Semmes ordered solid
shot to be fired, but without hitting
her. Two of the guns were fired to
gether. One shot passed entirely over
her, but the other struck the mainmast
about six feet above the deck.
"It was funny to see how the heads
disappeared when those shot went
over her. Like a flash every one dis
appeared, and the rail was left as clear
as if there were not a soul on board.
"The Ariel at once stopped and we
sent a boat aboard. The passengers
were terribly frightened, but were as
sured no harm would be done them.
"She had some money, which was
brought back, and then Semmes and
his officers debated what to do with
her. Semmes wanted to burn her, as
she belonged to Vanderbilt, who had
given a vessel (the Vanderbilt) to the
rnment for the purpose of chasing
and capturing the Alabama, and in re-
venge he wanted to burn the Ariel.
But she had over 750 people on board
and we could not take them on the
Alabama.
"Finally the engineer of the Ala
bama was sent on board the Ariel, her
piston head was taken out and brought
aboard, her captain and officers were
made prisoners, and with a prize crew
on board we started in company for
Jamaica, But the engines of the Ala
bama broke down, and at the same
time we spoke a vessel which told us
there was yellow fever in Jamaica.
Semmes told the captain of the Arid
that he would not be so cruel as to
land the passengers and crew under
the circumstances, though it had been
his intention to do so and then burn
the Yankee steamer. :o he bonded the
vessel for $50,000, sent back the piston
head, put her officers back on board
and let her go.
"It took a week to repair the engine
of the Alabama, during which time
we would have been at the mercy of
any Yankee cruisei that ran across us,
but none came. After the engines had
been put in order again we ran over to
Los Arcos Keys, off the coast of Cam
peche. where we met a ship from Car
diff with another cargo of coal which
had been arranged for before hand. We
stayed there over Christmas and New
Years, and on January 10 left for Gal
veston. where we had learned from pa
pers obtained on captured vessels there
was a Yankee fleet getting ready to
bombard the city.
"We reached the place on Sunday
afternoon and went in close enough to
see several ships lying at anchor. They
looked like warships, and as soon as
they saw us they commenced making
signals. One of them got up steam,
raised her anchor and came out after
us. The Alabama then turned and ran
away from land, with the other, which
we afterward learned was the Hat
teras, in close pursuit. About dark she
came up close, and by the time it was
entirely dark she was so close along
side that we could hear the orders
given aboard her.
"The Hatteras hailed us and asked
what ship we were.
"Kell, the executive officer, replied:
'Her Brittanic Majesty's ship Petrel.
What vessel is that?"
"Back came the answer, "The United
States gunboat Hatteras.'
"The plan of action of the Alabama
had already been agreed upon. The
men were all at quarters, the guns
loaded and everything ready. A full
broadside was to be fired whenever
Kell should use the word 'Alabama.'
"At once, after the reply came from
the Hatteras, Kell shouted "This is the
Confederate steamer Alabama," and
the words were hardly out of his mouth
than every gun on that side was fired
square into the Hatteras. She must
have suspected something for she was
all ready, and fired at the Hash of our
guns. I verily believe the shots passed
each other on the way.
"We were not fifty yards apart, and
every shot we fired hit her. I had
been posted with another man at the
hatchway between the engine room and
the main cabin, just where the big
pivot gun was stationed, and it was
my duty with another man to hoist
shells from the magazine for that gun.
"This gun hud no porthole cut for it,
but when In action the whole bulwark
was slid away, leaving a large open
space and we were all exposed to the
view of the Hatteras without a particle
of protection.
"At first I felt a trifle nervous as the
shot whistled around us. but pretty
8008 I got over it and had all I wanted
to do getting up the heavy shells and
passing them along to the gun. The
Alabama was so low in the water that
most of the Hatteras 1 shots passed over
us. while every ball from our vessel
found a place in her hull.
"Finally we sent a shell into her
boiler, which exploded, and at once a
lantern was run up to her peak and
she called out that she was sinking
arid for us to send boats.
"We stopped firing at once, got out
boats and took off all her crew and offi
cers—lso men all told, or more by sev
eral than we had.
"In ten minutes after, we ceased fir
ing the Hatteras went down.
"We had only one man injured, and.
he was struck' by a piece of shell on
the jaw. The Alabama was hit four
teen times. . ■
"After the "battle we examined our
ship and found three unexploded shells
from the Hatteras. One had gone clear
through the vessel and stuck in the op
posite side. Two were found in the
coal bunkers. We wondered why they
had not exploded, and Captain Serames
had them examined. We found that
instead of being filled with powder
there was nothing but black sand in
side of them.. If they had been pow
der filled and had exploded that would
probably have been the end of the Ala
bama. , , _ ' ■
"The officers and crew of the Hat
teras were treated well. Captain
Semmes and his officers gave up their
quarters to them, and all were paroled
and turned over to the United States
Consul at Port Royal, where we went
at once and landed them.
"After this we went cruising in the
Caribbean Sea and made several cap
tures, burning all American vessels and
sending the crews ashore in half-prizes.
We made one capture that caused a
lot of fun. ...'■•' .:•"■
"The United States frigate Sabine
had been on a trip to Aspinwall and
got caught in a squall. In which she
lost all her tophamper and rigging,
leaving nothing but the hull. She got
to Asplnwall with jury masts and sent
to Washington for a new outfit to be
shipped her. In response the schooner
Union was loaded with the needed rig
ging and sails, and in addition a full
outfit of supplies for a long cruise. She
had food, • " ->thes, wines, canned goods
and all teinus of delicacies. The Ala
bama captured her, and she proved just
what we wanted. We took all the
goods out of her. I tell you the crew
of th« Alabama lived high for a while.
We had ail the tinned meats, pickles,
"DOWN SHE WENT BY THE STERN AND ALL THE MEN JUMPED FOR THEIR LIVES."
preserves and luxuries we wanted, be
sides new clothes and needed rigging
for our own vessel. That'-s the time
we had the laugh on the crew of the
Sabine; they were patiently waiting at
Aspinwall for these same supplies that
never came.
"We did not burn the Union, but for
a joke Semmes let her go a 'tor takin?
all he wanted and sent a written mes
sage back to the United States au
thorities thanking them for sending
such a choice lot of supplies, of which
he stood in great need.
"By this time the West Indies was
getting pretty hot for the Alabama,
and there were a lot of vessels hotly
hunting for her. So we went down
the trade winds, on the route of vessels
homeward bound from the South At
lantic and the Horn, and caught sev
eral of them, which we burned.
"We stopped in at the Fernando de
Noronha, an island belonging to Brazil,
near which we found an American ves
sel loaded with coal, which we captured
and from which we took coal.
"While lying there we sighted a
couple of whalers in the offing, and
went out and captured and burned
them. They hailed from New Bedford,
and had been out three years. They
had full cargoes and belonged mostly
to the men on board of them. I felt
bad for the poor fellows, and they were
very blue over the capture and loss of
their ships and catch. We took the coal
ship out beyond the three mile limit
and set all three sh'ns on fire together.
"Then we sailed into Bahia and land
ed our prisoners, over a hundred in
number, and remained there for two
weeks. After that we went out again
and captured and burned several more
vessels, including the Louisa Hatch.
"While we were at Bahia the Con
federate cruiser Georgia came in. with
Captain Maury in command, and the
officers and crews of both vessels had
a good time visiting back and forth.
It was only a little while afterward
that the Florida put into Bahia and
was captured In the harbor by the Fed
eral man-of-war Wachusett and taken
north.
"After we left Bahia we captured
several ships, among them the Talis
man, which was bound for China,
When her cargo was examined we
found a complete outfit for a gunboat
that was going to the Chinese Govern
ment. There were some fine brass l_
pounders. and Semmes took them out
of her. Afterward we captured a ves
sel named the Conrad. She was such
a good sailer that Semmes decided to
make another cruiser out of her. So
ho put the captured brass guns on her
and changed her name to the Tusca
loosa. Then he put a crew on board
and sent her out to work on her own
account. ,
"A few days after this we captured a
ship named the Schmidt, bound to San
Francisco with a cargo of clothing, etc.
We took a lot of her cargo, and the
crew got good outfits of new clothing
from her. . ■
"The same evening, after we had set
the Schmidt on fire a big ship passed
up in the dark and Semmes gave chaser
He fired a gur for her to heave to. and
she fired one in return. We could not
make out her colors, so we gave chase.
It was not till midnight that we came
up with her, and we thought she was
going to be another good prize.
"But when Semmes hailed her, and
asked what her name was, back came
the answer. 'Her Britannic Majesty s
ship Diomede.
"Semmes was angry when he discov
ered how he had been fooled, but he
had to make the best of it.
•By this time it was getting pretty
warm for us in that part of the sea.
We were sp-aking five or six vessels a
day, and we learned that the Yankees
had a fleet of ships out scouring the
water for us. So Semmes decided to
make a run for South Africa, and he
headed straight for the coast.
••We struck it in Just 31 days, putting
in at Saldana Bay, some eighty miles
above Cape Town, and a locality sel
dom visited by vessels, as the harbor
was very difficult to enter. Here we
stayed two or three weeks, refitting
and scraping the vessel and putting
her in good shape. We then left for
Cape Town, and while going in met the
American ship Seabright, which
Semmes captured, although she claim
ed to be within the three-mile limit,
and I think she was.
"The capture was plainly seen from
shore. Semmes put a prize crew on her
and afterward made a cruiser out of
her. We stayed in Cape Town two
weeks, and by this time I made up my
mind that I had had about all of the
Alabama I wanted. I concluded
that she was bound to get captured or
sunk some time before long, and as I
could not swim I did not care to be
on board when that happened. I was
retting no pa' - for my work, and could
not until the end of the war. so I de
cided to desert at the first opportunity.
"After we left Cape Town we went up
the coast to Simons Bay, where Eng
lish vessels are accustomed to refit,
and stayed for a while. It was my
duty to go on shore every morning for
vegetables and supplies, and I made an
agreement with another man who
•wanted to desert that we would go to
gether at the first chance. So one rnprn
ing when there happened to be a heavy
fog we went on shore as usual, and
after going up town we slipped into
the hills and made our way to Cape
Town across country.
"When we got there I reported to the
American Consul, told who I was. and
what I had don°, and he got me a ship.
"I was captured on the Crenshaw in
October. 1562, and stayed on the Ala
bama until -August, 1863.
"After I left her she got only three
more captures. In fact, nearly all her
work of destroying Northern mer
chantmen was done while I was on
her. The Alabama took about fifty
ships while I was with her. When she
went out from Cherbourg harbor to
fight the Kearsarge Captain Semmes
left seventy-four chronometers on
shore; that will give an idea of the
number of vessels he captured."
HOW TO SUCCEED
AS AN ACTRESS
My Experience on the Stage and
the Advice I Would Give Young
Women Who Are Ambitious to
Find Stage Careers.
BY HELEN MODJESKA.
ABOVE the sound of laughter and
the clink of glasses I at once
recognized the violin-like timbre
of Helena Modjeska's voice as.
in response to my knock at her
irawing-room door one morn-
Ing last week, the lovely Polish-Ameri
can bade me enter.
Coming toward me with both hands
outstretched and a smile of frankest
welcome upon her charming face, I
fell an immediate victim to the allure
ments of a personality foreshadowed
in the melodious, sympathetic speech.
Mme. Modjeska had just arisen from
her breakfast table. Indeed, my en
trance was the signal for the dispers
ing of a merry party. The actress was
gowned in a robe of diaphanous black
material, made in the prevailing fash
ion, extremely simple and elegant, fit
ting her form closely and relieved here
and there with a garniture of steel and
rhinestones.
If a woman be as old as she looks,
Mme. Modjeska in her sumptuous
apartments at the New Netherland
Hotel the other morning was certainly
not a day over five and thirty.
Tall and lithe, with the figure of a
girl of eighteen, slender but not thin,
made up of delicious curves. Mme.
Modjeska's figure gives no suggestion
of the word so harsh to the ear of an
actress — "matronly."
It is girlish, poetic in its reed-like un
dulations, but without a shadow of the
heaviness that inexorable time usually
insists upon bestowing upon the wo
man past her fortieth year. Like a
Hebe in her early bloom. Modjeska's
figure defies criticism.
Daintily set upon this girlish form the
small, shapely head of the actress
looked almost flower-like as it was
sharply silhouetted against the pale
draperies of her apartment. Her face
is so intensely spiritual as to be almost
startling. Nothing further from the
material world of sense, of flesh and
blood, can be imagined than this won
derful face— pale, eager, delicate, with
its dark, glowing eyes, that seem per
manently imbued with a sad and wist
ful sweetness; the mobile mouth, deli
cate nose, low brow, crowned by an
aureole of dark brown hair, simply
gathered in a knot at the back and es-
caping in tiny tendrils about the face.
Involuntarily one recalls Bernhardt
with the story of fierce defiance written
in every line of her- countenance; Duse,
the incarnation of tragedy: and Mod
jeska appears by comparison the per
sonification of wistfulness and romantic
pathos.
Are these the lines Fame stamps up
on the children of the gods? one is
tempted to inquire.
When I looked at Helena Modjeska,
the consummate artist, and noted the
pathetic tenderness of her smile, and
the never-lifting sorrow in her eyes, I
wondered if Indeed the race for glory
were not a weary strife, and the suc
cess of the great actress seemed to me
for the first time to show itself in its
true character — a will-o'-the-wisp,
scarce worth so noble a sacrifice.
But this is what Helen Modjeska
says of that fickle goddess who has
been her friend and who is known as
Success.
"Success, success, who ran define it?
I cannot even admit that I know it, for
although I have for manj years wor
shiped at the shrine of art until I have
satisfied myself. I shall never know
success, and as yet I have never been
content with my own performance. I
am always disappointed in myself, I
am always short of my ideals."
"You represent success in a very lofty
form to the public," I said, "and every
woman is anxious to know how you
have made of yourself the eminent art
ist the whole world acknowledges you
to be. Has it been by talent, which
God alone can bestow, or study, which
is said to be the synonym of genius, or
is there a secret art that leads alone
to glory, and that you, and perhaps one
or two other women of the century
have been gifted with, or have learned
or divined?
"The world is overflowing with wo
men who have made failures, who rep
resent defeat in its most tragic, de
spairing and, alas, sometimes almost
grotesque form. The coming race of
women want to know how to avoid
failure. They are full of life and en
thusiasm and hrpe. They turn aside
from the spectacle of disappointment
which Is everywhere, and. with the glo
rious courage of youth, they fix their
eyes and their ambitions on the women
who, star-like, have attained gloriou3
heights. They all honor and love you.
most of them can never get nearer to
you than the other side of the great di
vide which separates the actress from
her audience. They are eager to know
how you reached Olympia's pinnacle."
"You want to know how I became a
successful artist?" said Modjeska, once
again turning that lovely smile upon,
me. "And you expect me to say it was
by study— hard study and Spartan per
severance. This is what you expect me
to say. I am sure of it."
"Yes," I replied with enthusiasm.
"That is it. Tell us just how you work.
All about the terrible feats you must
have to accomplish in memorizing. I
have read how you study constantly,
and carry your lines about with you,
day and night, wherever you go."
"Now I shall disappoint you," and
lime. Modjeska's voice was as sweet aa
the notes of the stringed instrument It
resembles.
"I have never studied hard at all. Ac>
cording to the common acceptance 1
am no student. Ido not deserve praise
for application or for hard work; I do
not merit it at all.
"The longest role I have ever mem
orized was in Polish— a five-act play In
which I was upon the stage nearly all
of the time. I was dead-letter perfect
In it at the end of two days.
"Of course, in English it takes me a
little longer, but I have never spent a
week in study of any one role during
my entire career.
"When it comes to studying the char
acter I am to play — ah, there, indeed,
perhaps I deserve to be called a faithful
worker.
"I do not know by Just what pro
cesses I learn, or strive to learn, to be
the woman I am to play, but just as
soon as I decide to act a new charac
ter I try to become that woman.
"I learn the lines first, but they are
comparatively nothing. My task is to
learn to feel the woman who would
speak these lines. The words are the
work of another; my part must be to
sink Helena Modjeska's personality
into that of the woman who would
spontaneously and naturally, under the
circumstances indicated in the play,
speak these lines which already I have
acquired. If I cannot feel that under
these conditions this woman's word 3
would spontaneously come to me, I
know I am far away from what my
impersonation must grow to be.
"For this reason it is impossible for
me to play a part with which I cannot
learn to sympathize. I was years and
years in learning to be able to play
Lady Macbeth. I could not feel her.
I could not possibly have any sympa
thy for her. She repelled me. I want
ed to run away from her, and I refused,
while I was in that state concerning
her, to attempt to impersonate the
character.
"On the other hand, take Portia for
example, I loved her from the first. I
felt that she was a woman of extraor
ordinary sweetness, of brilliant wit,
splendid generosity, feminine piquan
cy and great intellectual power. She
belonged to a century noted for Its
brilliant women — a veritable golden
age of feminine mentality.
"Portia was undoubtedly a woman of
distinguished social position, with the
charming, easy manners of high-breed
ing and perfect knowledge of the world.
She was undoubtedly a linguist. All
the women of wealth and position of
that day were superbly educated, and It
was quite common for them to speak
five or six languages fluently.
"When I was preparing to become
Portia, I read everything I could find in
French, Italian, Polish and English
concerning the period in which she
lived. I threw my whole personality,
so far as I could, back into that time.
I absorbed all the history, romance and
poetry of the period. I became familiar,
geographically, with the Italian towns
in which she dwelt. T studied- the man
ners. I wore the dress. I familiarized
myself with the ethics of the time and
people until I was saturated with the
atmosphere of my beautiful heroine.
Finally. I began to realize to myself the
component parts of this young and
lovely woman of marvelous speech and
extraordinary sagacity.
2122
LOST A MILLIONAIRE
MBS. COLLINS-COX Is in the waiting room, and
desires to pee you immediately, s-ir," said one of
the men, entering the room where I was in con
versation with the chief at Scotland Yard.
••Collins-Cox, Collins-Cox?" repeated the chief.
"Isn't that the great American millionaire, who
has recently settled in London?"
"Yes, sir."
"Show her in at or.cc. 'Wiseman,- you remain for a
time."
A few seconds later Mrs. Collins-Cox came quickly
into the office, and the door closed after her. She was a
pleasant looking lady of seven or eight and twenty.
Clearly, she was greatly excited about something.
"Sir," shi- . riad, coming forward, suddenly, "I've lost
my husband! He bas disappeared."
'•Si:. hief, beckoning her to a
chaJr.
"Since yesterday evening."
"Ob!" he said, smiling, "I should not worry about
that. ma^.-nn. N'> doubt he will come back safely. Did he
not say he was golv
"Oh, it's not that, sir, that frightens me. It is this,
which I received a little while as;o'." and she drew from
her hand-bag a small <.;<.:■,! board box. and it dropped upon
the desk.
My chief took tlie box. opened it, and abstracted its
contents; a letter, and a small packet. Leaning over his
shoulder, 1 road the v.-ords of the former:
"Dear Madam: Rest assured that your husband is
right and safe, co long as you don't atu-mpt to find him.
If you do. you will r< gret it. He desires me to send you
the" inclosed check (£10,000), which you. are to change and
convey In cash to us ;ifter our instructions.
"You will go t<> the bank, cash the check, put the
money in a handbag, and to-night, at S sharp, when it is
dark, you will go to Cross street, Whitechape), and put
the bos against the railings of No. 17, exactly where you
find a white cross on one of the flags. You will go alone,
and act secretly all through. It is your husband's wish.
for the successful Issue of our plan means his life. If the
money falls into wrong hands, your husband will write
us another check, which you will cash and trlng to us. So
METAL AIRSHIP
THAT SAILED ALOFT
A Beit Slipped and It Came to Grief, but the German Government Is So Wei! Satis
fied That It Is Actively Building Another.
IT was invented by a man named
Schwarz, who did not live to see
his balloon successful. Scientists
laughed at Schwarz for saying that
a nwtal balloon would be able to
lift itself, with its motor and car,- off
the ground, and the military men who
carry on the balloon practice of the
German army on the Tempelhof Field,
near Berlin, agreed with the scientists
that the aluminum balloon was a
phantasy <<f disordered inuiginati'-n.
But the inventor was not to be turned
from his project. He worked on it, de
veloped it, clung to it tenaciously until
death overtook him, leaving the inven
tor's wife to carry on the fight against
the skeptics. Had Schwarz lived he
would have seen his theories win the
day.
That, in brief, is the story of the
aluminum balloon. It lloated high
above the chimney-pots near the Tem
pelhof Field on the 3d of November
last.
The idea of a balloon made of metal
was, it must be said, no new thing, for
in 1842 a madcap Frenchman named
Mares-Monges constructed a balloon of
thin sheets o£ copper. It was a fine
piece of workmanship, but it would not
go up in the air, and its short life on
earth was ended in the scrap heap. The
failure of Mares-Monges gave strength
to the belief that a metal balloon was a
dream and nothing more.
"With the increasing cheapness, how
ever, of that extraordinary light metal,
aluminum, owing to the discovery of
cheaper methods of production, a hope
was raised in the breasts of inventors
that the metal balloon was a possibilty.
Schwarz of Agram was one of these
men, and having evolved, among other
things, a method c-f filling a metal bal
loon with gas — which up to this time
had been one of the difficulties in the
SCHWARTZ ALUMINUM BALLOON AFTER IT STRUCK THE EARTH.
way — he prepared to put his idea be
fore the public, amid the discourage
ments already mentioned.
The German Government, which
takes a keen interest in all aeronautic
ventures and inventions, and never re
fuses to try an experiment, no matter
h<\v wild the project seems to be, fin
ally lent a hand, and began to con
struct the balloon. The work was in
terrupted by the inventor's death, but
the widow succeeded in obtaining per
mission to complete it. The Minister of
War gave orders that the work should
be done under military protection, and
that the officers of the department
nhould aid Mrs. Schwarz in every pos
sible way.
This was not the first time in the his
tory of the world that men were en
gaged on a job in which they had no
faith. Therefore, believing as they did
that the balloon would not be able to
raise itself, to say nothing of the motor
and passengers, from the ground, they
cut away all the apparatus that to
them seemed superfluous. There was,
for instance, a clever device for regu
lating the descent of the balloon; and
another for lengthening the four feet
of the mr in order to reduce to a min
imum the shock of landing. Both of
you will save yourself trouble by seeing it doesn't, and
following our instructions. When we have the . money,
your husband will return.
"Put the bag down on the white cross, and walk away
quickly. You will be followed; and if you don't walk
away, or if you look back, or there is any one spying
about, you will be a widow within two hours. Be careful,
therefore. To betray us is to betray yourself and Mr.
Collins-Cox. Meantime, we inclose first Installment of
your husband to show we mean business.
"CHARLIE KIDNAPER & CO., LTD."
The chief next took the small packet, undid the paper,
and suddenly recoiled from it. It was a human finger, cut
from the socket, and wearing a plain gold serpent ring.
I took up the finger and examined it very carefully.
"Do you recognize this finger and ring to be your hus
band's?" Tasked.
"The ring certainly, but I can't be sure of the finger.
Men's fingers are so much alike."
"Hum! Do you remember what— er— yes, what finger
Mr. Cox wore this ring upon?"
"The third finger of his left hand, always."
"Then calm your fears, madam; a million chances to
one this is not your husband's finger, since it is the sec
ond of some hand. Of course, it may be genuine. But I
don't think so. Your husband has been kidnaped."
"Do you wish me to take up this matter?" I aske-d,
turning to my chief. He nodded, and I turned to Mrs.
Cox. "Go to the bank, cash the check, and return home,
where you will find me. You must do this, because you
are probably being watched. Stop a bit, though, madam!
Have you the check?"
"Yes; it's here in my purse."
I took it from her and crossed to the window to ex
amine it. It was madi' out, payable to Mrs. Cox, on a
sheet of ordinary note-paper. The body was written out
in one hand with a steel pen, and the signature was in an
other.
"Are you sure the signature is all right?" I asked of
Mrs. Cox.
"As far as I know, it is." she answered. "But I could
not say for certain, though I attribute the dlsslmilarity
from his usual signature to his being nervous when he
wrote it."
"It is dissimilar?"
"Yes, my husband wrote a very firm hand, and that is
rather shaky."
"Well, madam, please do what I tell you. Go to the
bank, and meet me at your house. Let me lend you this
black handbag. It will suit your purpose."
With that I took up my hat and went off. I walked
down Carlton House Terrace to the Cox nouse. To the
footman who answered my summons I said I wished to
Iheso devices were done away with, as
adding to the weight of the ship.
Another arrangement employed by
the inventor for securing the driving
belt for the wind propeller was also
sacrificed — a sacrifice which, as we
shall see in a moment, was most dis
astrous. The balloon was operated by
four screws, two for horizontal mc/ve
ment and two for vertical movement,
run by a benzine motor of ten to twelve
horsepower. The ship, as shown in the
illustrations, was an Immense cylinder
with cone-shaped end. The dimensions
were colossal, the body of the ship be
ing 134 feet long, 46 feet high and 42
I'ii-'t 7 inches wide. Yet, notwithstand
ing the size, the weight of the whole
was only 5720 pounds. "With the mere
exception of the driving belt and the
brass bearings, the whole ship was
made of aluminum.
No one probably, except the inventor
and his wife, will ever know uf the dis
couragements which marked the his
tory of the Schwarz balloon, notwith
standing the help lent by the military
servants of the German Government.
The completion of the airship, how-,
ever, and the final arrangements for a
trial trip, threw discouragement into
the shadow, and lent a rosy tint to the
hopes of the inventor's wife. She was
the only one who knew that the mon
ster airship with its silvery cylinder,
wo-uld do the work for which it was in
tended, and it may be believed that the
first two days of November, while the
balloon -was being filled, were to her
days of excitement and weary waiting
for victory.
It was necessary, in filling the bal
loon, that all the air should bo expelled
from the aluminum cylinder before the
gas was injected; and this operation |
was completed by a peculiar arrange
ment of Schuarz's awn. A colossal silk
receptacle, the size of the cylinder, was
constructed, and this was placed inside
the cylinder, the hydrogen gas being
slowly pumped into the silk bag. As
this bag expanded it gradually ex
pelled the surrounding air from the
ONE HOUR AFTERWARD; THE BALLOON BEING DESTROYED BY A
HIGH GALE OF WIND
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
LEFT HANGING FOR DEAD.
cylinder, and when all the air was
driven out, the gas in the slik bug was
allowed to escape into the outer recep
tacle.
The inflation, if such it might be
called, of the aluminum balloon, was
one c.-f the last stages in the prepara
tion for ascent from the Luftschiffer
Park, and as the moment approached
for the trial trip the excitement was in
tense.
Already, by its vain efforts to get
free from the ropes which, held it to the
■ ground, the balloon showed that the in-
I ventor was right and his critics wrong.
Herr Jagels, the engineer under
whose charge the machine had been
built, although not an experienced- aer
: onaut, offered to make the ascent — a
plucky offer, considering the feeling
against the balloon, and the fact that
more than one man was necessary to
: attend to the steering and propelling
apparatus — and took his seat in the
■ car. The presence of an east wind did
not add to the pleasure of the occasion,
< and the afternoon was chill and drear.
; But, as there is an end to all things,
SCHWARTZ ALUMINUM BALLOON 800 FEET
IN THE AIR.
see Mr. Cox's valet, and in a few moments this lordly
gentleman came to me with a mixed manner of cordiality
and condescension.
In v short time Mrs. Cox returned.
"I guess I shall go mad before the day is out," said
she, as she came into the room, followed by a man carry
ing my handbag.
"Oh, no," I said, cheerfully. "I want to see you alone."
She dismissed the man, and then sank into a chair.
"Yes, I've got the money, after the greatest diffi
culty," she said, answering my look. "But have you dis
covered anything?"
"Yes, two things," I replied. "I want these things: A
piece of cream note paper— get It from your cook— a steel
pen, ink, and a specimen of your husband's signature.
Please get these things yourself, and let no one know.
Now, tell me — who is in this house?"
"Myself— you mean usually? Well, Mr. Cox, myself,
the secretary, three male and five female servants. '
"They all live here?"
"Except the secretary — yes."
"This gentleman, has he been in your employ long?"
"Three years."
"We might get some information, from him, perhaps.
However, for the present I'll see no one. Will you please
get me those things.
Mrs. Cox went out, and returned after a few minutes
with what I had ask«»d for. I smiled as I saw the note
paper. Though it was not the same make, it was very
like what had been used for the check for £10,000.
"AVhat are you going to do? " Mrs. Cox asked.
"I can't do much until 8 o'clock, so I am going to try
a little experiment."
Z took from her the specimen of her husband's sig
nature, and examined it.
"From my pocketbook I drew a piece of tracing-paper,
and this I laid upon Mr. Cox's signature, which I went
over carefully some thirty or forty times. Then I took
the sheet of note paper and calmly forged the million
aire's name, making a nueer little curl at the tail of the
"x" similar to what I had noticed in the signature of the
£10.000 check, which was not to be seen in the specimen
signature of Mr. Cox before me.
Mrs. Cox watched me with an air of profound mysti
fication as I put the sheet of paper, bearing only the
name. "C. Collins-Cox." upon the table and covered it up
in su( h a wav that no other part of the paper was visible.
"Now," 1 said, "will you be good enough to summon
every one in the house, nnd let them remain in the next
room until I call them?"
bh« went away, and a few minutes later returned,
saying that every one was in the room adjoining the one
in "which I sat. . ,
"Very well, then. I want them to come in here one at
a time. Begin with the secretary."
"Ask Mr. Stainer to come here," said Mrs. Cox.
Mr. Stainer came. He was a tall, gentlemanly man of
30, wearing gold-rimmed spectacles.
"Of course," I said to Mrs. Cox, in an undertone, but
so was there an end to all these prepa
rations — and to the balloon.
The supreme moment came when this
enormous, ugly looking and maligned
airship, which had cost two hundred
thousand marks and four years' labor,
was to be let loose in the heavens, with
its solitary passenger, and the hopes
of a dead inventor imbedded in every
lamina of its glossy surface.
Such, a work as this should have had
a long life. But it was not to be. Amid
the silence of the crowd it was let
loose, and in spite of the enormous sur
face which it presented to the wind, it
rose with groat speed. The motor was
working at half speed, yet in less time
than it takes to tell it, the balloon was
at the height of 820 feet, fighting
against a strong wind and ready to
start forward on its trip above Berlin.
Below, the spectators wondered how
far the balloon would go, and the mili
tary men wondered why they had
thought it wouldn't go- at all.
Then came the end. Instead of go
ing forward the balloon began to fall.
The ship had become unmanageable. A
belt had slipped— the driving belt which
Schwarz had planned to secure to the
wind propeller — and the inexperienced
aeronaut in charge lost his head. Had
he operated the end screw alone he
would have been able to sail along
with the wind, as in an ordinary bal
loon; but the multiplicity of apparatus
which should have been in charge of
several men confused him.
It was an awful moment for Jagels.
In that moment he opened wide the
valve, and the balloon began its down
ward trip to destruction.
The absence of the device for regu
lating the descent and the need of the
apparatus for breaking the force of the
fall were among the causes of the dis
aster. The crash of the ship upon the
ground was great, and Jagels saved his
life by jumping out of the car Just as it
reached the earth, getting little more
than a shaking up. He had been six
minutes in the sky, and at the end of
his brief trip stood alive amid the
wreck of $50,000.
It was demonstrated that the balloon
was not only fully able to carry its own
car and motor, but was also able to
carry all the parts which the engineer,*
had considered superfluous, as well as
three or four passengers and ballast.
The inventor's calculations were, In
short, correct. The trial trip also
proved that Schwarz knew how to fill
his balloon, and that the apparatus
could be controlled by the proper num
ber of men.
While the winds were playing with
the wreck the German Government was
making arrangements for the imme
diate construction of another Schwarz
balloon.
•-. The trial had shown them that ; a
metal ; balloon was. possible,' and ] the
experts now think that the" aluminum
balloon is the military * airship <.. rof::r of : : the
future. 5 " ' ' : " ■••"-.* i " ,"' \
« ♦ «
Leo XIII is the 258 th Pope- ./
loud enough to be heard, as he came forward, if "a
grantee you must change it. and do as « *1H
cost you a cool ten thousand pounds, but that can t be
U '"Mr Stainer," and I turned to him Quickly, "can you
teii mo if this is Mr. Cox's signature."
"Be S sure, S please. It's a highly important matter. Look
1 £ce C 'lea e ned over it. and examined it like a near-sighted
man, for some moments. I watched him, noticing his
hards trembling and his lips twitch nervously.
"Yes," he said, quietly. "I'll swear to that. But 1
fancy he was unwell when he wrote it, for it 13 very
Biisky for Mr. Cox." . , .__
All the others were brought in in turn, but no one else
toe able to identify the signature.
'1 want a cab," I said, smiling.
A cab was called, and I went out, gave the driver a.
note, with instructions to take it to the Yard and await
an answer. Then 1 returned to the room aJid drew Mrs.
"Don't breathe a word to any one," I said; "but does
it not strike you as strange that the man who best knows
your husbands writing should be the one to say most em
phatically that my forgery was written by your hus
band?"
"Yes." she sr.id in a whisper.
Ten minutes later the cab returned and landed one or
our men. He was shown in to mo; and at my request all
the servant* were recalled. When they were assembled,
1 turned to our man and said:
"Chambers, you will remain in this house until 9
o'clock to-night. You will allow no one but Mrs. Cox to
leave while you are here, and you will see that nothing
whatever is "passed out of the house by any one to any
one. and that no communication whatever Is held by the
inmates with outsiders, not even with tradespeople, lou
will make it your duty if anybody— l say, anybody—at
tempts to break these rules, to immediately arrest them.
Ydu will understand."
"Yes."
At this Stainer looked the picture of confusion, and
very pale.
"I shall be here at 7 o'clock," I said, in a whisper, to
Mrs. Cox. "Have an old dress, cloaJc and hat of yours
ready for me. and a room at my disposal, if you please.'
Then to Chambers I said, in the same tone: "Pay partic
ular attention to Mr. Stainer. He Interests me." And then
I came away.
At about half-past 7 the same evening a woman, tall,
agile, and well but quietly dressed, with a rather thick
veil that hid her face, which for the first time for eighteen
months had been denuded of a brown sllKen beard and
mustache, left Mr. Cor's house in Carlton House Terrace,
and. walking to Waterloo place, got into a cab.
She gave the driver an address, with instructions for
it to be reached by a roundabout route, and placod be
side her on the seat of the cab a black handbag. The cab
eventually stopped in Oxford street.
The woman sprang out. paid the driver, and hurried
eastward. Presently she encountered four or five cabs ply
ing for hire at the curb. With a quick glance around her,
she sprang into one of these, gave the driver an address
through the roof trap, and the cab rolled off at a quick
rate.
The cab rattled eastward— past Newgate, the Ex
change, through Fenchurch street, and finally pulled up
a few yards from a small beershop in Whitechapel. The
woman aJighted, paid the cabman, and crossed'to the oth
er side of the road, -where four laborers were standing
talking togeiher. She went up and held an animated con
versation with them for a few minutes. Then the four
men moved off in different directions, leaving the woman
standing alone in the shadow ot a doorway. Here she re
mained until a neighboring clock struck 8, when she is
sued from her hiding place and turned down a by-street.
The street in which she now found herself was nar
row, dark, and deserted. The light was barely sufficient
to enable the woman to see a white cross upon a flagstone
in front of No. 17, and upon this she put the handbag she
carried. The moment she had done so. she started to run
down, the street, but she did not run far, turning sharply
into the deep shadow of a projecting wall. From here she
could see up and down the street, the mysterious house,
and the handbag. The house was apparently empty. Not
BISHOP ANZER IN HIS MANDARIN ROBES.
MADE A MANDARIN
OVER 10,000,000 PEOPLE
Story of a Young Bavarian Who Went to China as a Missionary and Barely Escaped
Death From the Mongolian Mobs Now He Rules a Province Richer Than
Some Kingdoms.
1 FANCIED that he looked the least
little bit in the world uncheerful as
he leaned over the China's rail and
waved his handsome white hand in
farewell to those of his San Fran
ciscan hosts who had accompanied him
down to the pier, and my only wonder
was that he did not look downright
miserable.
His vacation was over and he was
going back to his duties and responsi
bilities on the other side of the world,
among a people between whom and
the Caucasian races there is a gulf
which may be bridged, but can never
be filled in and made solid ground, and
such banishment from civilization,
even if self-imposed, cannot be an ex
hilarating prospect.
Only a day or two before I had called
upon him. He is said to be a brilliant
diplomat — this courtly and powerful
Bishop-Mandarin — but I am not versed
enough in international politics to
judge of him from this point of view.
I can, however, say with truth that he
Is quite the most brilliant man, as far
as outward adornment is concerned,
that it has ever been my lot to meet
socially. He lighted up the severely
plain little reception room of the Fran
ciscan Brothers with his rainbow-like
radiance as he entered, and he seemed
among his brown-robed hosts like a
gorgeous-plumed 'macaw which had
flown by mistake into a dove cote.
Let it be said, though, to his credit,
that the gleam of gold and precious
stones, the richness of fabric, and the
warmth of color, became him well.
The glowing reddish purple of his robe
with its broad crimson facings suited
his florid complexion and dark hair
and eyes; the massive gold chain
wound about his neck, each heavy link
a marvel of cunning workmanship) —
the immense jeweled cross flashing on
his breast — his belt with its gem-en
crusted buckle, and the great seal ring
surrounded with a frame of pearls that
made my heart fairly ache with ad
a light was there in any window. n rtnw<i *no 17
■ She was attentively watching : the $?\ a °ZlnA «rind
for an indication of life, when she heard a btrang*grind
/ ing sound that made her start. «No onew to Mr seen
Everything was exactly as it had been before, exc<*t tna»
the bag had gone! Vanished! ■ «.iX,Vit»» I
."Fool!" she cried, "I might have guessed it L d
. ■ Running out of hiding, she drew a Po"^,^}?.^^.
blew it ■ thrice. ■ and then set • about to examine thifl^
• stone. Yes; the cement around it was In loose » p P£ d b er :
Some one had shifted the flag; someone In the celtt»r De
low. and the bag was gone and the flag pushed back! afl
There was no area door, so the only way to ga|i ad
mittance to the. house was : by the front door. J£!| lu nn n c ?
herself against it again and again.. But ft /eslsted^a ncr
efforts, and she stopped to consider. At that momtnt a
laborer ran up. ■ , . .__ ,_ 1,_,»
"It's all right." he said. "We've got him-bag in hind.
He had laid his plans for quick escape well at^the £.ck,
but ran into my arms as we entered. The house is juite
em^Oh, are you 'sure?" I asked, for, of course, the |?ile
female was myself. V •■ " . ... . „„»! nf
"Perfectly certain. The house is absolutely empty or
everything and every one." > ■ ' -. :; ~ ' „ *,
"Ah, then I think I can understand. . Get me a tib,
and take the chap to the station in another, Charge tim
—but how can you? Stop! . Charge him with being folnci
upon inclosed premises with burglarious .intent, ma."
do for the timeJ Ha, ha!" . : I. '
■ Two cabs were procured. In one we put our prisons:
a well-dressed man :of a pronounced American t> Pe— ce
tween two of my Scotland Yard laborers, and sent
to the local station. The second cab I took myself. and|n
it I drove to Carl ton House Terrace. - " tmari i,l,t
"When I arrived at the Cox's I found the footman juk
paying off another cab.; ', - ' '\
"Oh. then Mr. Cox has returned?" I said. . . I
"Yes, sir; just this moment arrived." '. ...
"Where's Mr. Stalner?". . .  •■ •','.!,„ -• *
"Your friend has him locked in the panto'- -He ar "
rested him by your instructions half an hour- ago. „: ' .
Running up the steps, I pounced right upon Mr. ana
Mrs. Cox locked in each other's arms. He wore an air or
mystification, while she was simply bubbling over witu
"What does all this mean?" asked Mr. Cox. turning]
upon me. "It's mystery upon mystery. Who Is this wo
man?" ' ; »™^ '"- \
"This woman," I replied, "Is Detective- Sergeant Wise
man of New Scotland Yard, who has just discovered one I
of the neatest little plots ever invented. Your secretary s
a genius" ■ ' . ■. ■_• _
"I don't understand," he said, looking at me as If ne
fancied I was playing a joke at his expense. --
"You had a telegram yesterday?" I asked. • . •.,.
"Yes, which took me to Paris on a wild-goose chase.
Some one has been making a fool of me. The telegram
purported to come from an old friend in Paris, and re
quested me to go to him there without a moment's delay
or a word to any one. * I went. His name was not known
at the hotel. I cabled to New York, and had an answer
to say my friend was there and well, so I came" back.
What does it mean?" -; i
"It means this," I answered. "It means that your
secretary and two men — one of whom is now in custody,
the other probably in Paris— plotted to fleece you of £10.
000. Your secretary forged your name on a sheet of note
paper, which was made out as a check for £10,000. payable
to your wife. This is a large sum, and the chances of
getting such a check honored at short call were remote,
unless the person offering it could satisfy the bankers It
was all right. How to do this set the plotters wondering,
until they hit upon the grand scheme of getting your wife
to change the check.'" And then I recounted to him our
adventures and their result. . . ' ■■■■^
"The kidnaping idea was introduced in order to
frighten your wife, and the linger, which was that of
some one else adorned with one of your rings, which
your -secretary found in your bedroom, "was calculated to
further unnerve her. . , ■*;'.
"Madam," I concluded, turning to Mrs. Cox, with a
slight evidence of- justifiable pride. "I congratulate you
upon coming to Scotland .Yard. You have provided ma
with the only really interesting case I have had for
years." T"^vV
miration—all seemed to be, after one's
eye 3 became accustomed to them and
their wearer, not merely extraneous or
namentation but a necessary and in
alienable part of his own decidedly
vivid personality.
I had been curious to see this man,
not because I wished to possess myself
of any of the political secrets of which
I am assured he has many hidden in
his trustworthy breast, nor because he
has dined with Kings and Emperors
and talked with the Pope, and been
loaded down, as it- were, with divers
orders and worldly and spiritual hon
ors.
I wanted to see him simply because
a man who has given up his life to the
conversion of the heathen — and such
unpleasant heathen as the lower class
Chinese are — and has endured torture
almost to death at their hands, and
still kept on imperturbably laboring
in the same stony and thorny field, is
well worth seeing always. And then,
besides, the story of Bishop Anzer's
life makes of him a most striking and
interesting figure in this prosaic nine
teenth century.
Forty-six years ago a Bavarian fam
ily of ancient and honored name was
gladdened by the birth of a son who
after receiving an excellent education
in the best institutions of his native
land, decided to become a Catholic
priest, and, becoming specially Inter
ested in the subject of missions to the
heathen, was the first one to be re
ceived into the "Order of the Word of
God." Three years after he was sent
from Bavaria to the Hongkong district
where he did missionary work, and at
the fame time learned the language
thoroughly, and made himself fully ac
quainted with the social, spiritual and
political conditions of the country.
Studying the best interests of his
adopted people in all things he soon
gained the confidence of both those in
authority and those beneath them, and
by sheer force of his somewhat ag
gressive individuality, his impartiality
good judgment and strength or charac
ter, he has made himself a power in
the land.
It seems marvelous that In China
where the opposition to foreigners, es
pecially foreign missionaries, has been
most bitter ever since she was forced
to open her doors to outsiders, a Cath
PRESENTED TO THE EMPEROR.
olic priest should have risen to the po
sition held by Bishop Anzer. It was
but natural that in ISB6 Pope Leo XIII
j should have elevated him to the bish-
I opric, for his services to the church
were well deserving of such recognition,
but that the Emperor of China should
have created him a mandarin of rank
only second to that of the famous Li
Hung Chang, makes a plain narration
of facts seem like a fairy story.
A mandarin he is, however, endowed
with all the authority and all the
rights and privileges, whatever they
may be, of that exalted position, and
he rules one of the eight provinces of
China, the peninsula of Shantung, both
well and wisely. As a peacemaker be
tween Pagans and Christians he has
become world-renowned, and it is
whispered that his influence ex
tends far outside his own domain and
that he has rendered invaluable as
sistance in extremely delicate political
situations to persons standing dizzily
high in authority.
Be that as it may, I care not, for I
am not 'in politics" myself, but there
was one little incident in his career
which gave him a particularly firm
hold on the consideration of the more
superstitious of his subjects, and of
this incident I particularly wished him
to speak.
Was it true that in 1579 he had been
tied to a tree head downward by some
of his Pagan enemies, then riddled with
shot and left there for dead?
„ Yes, it is true, and the Bishop smiled
amiably at the recollection. Southern
Shantung, he explained, was a very
lawless section of country and was, be
sides, the holy land of Confucius. Ot
the 10.000.000 inhabitants only 30,000.
even at the present time, have re
nounced their Paganism for Christian
ity, and eighteen years ago they were
a very dangerous people to live among.
"They did not like me," he explained,
simply— his English is a trifle obscure,
for he had used only Latin and Chinese
for the past eighteen years — "and so
they tried to get rid of me. They cap
tured me at about 3 o'clock in the
afternoon and they treated me very
unkindly until about 9 that evening.
But,"— and he smiled forgivingly—
"after the first I was mercifully un
conscious, so it did not matter. They
thought I was dead and so left me,
and then some of my converts came
and untied me and carried me to a hid
ing place, where they nursed me back
to health. And when I went back to
my work" — with apparently no idea
that 'going back to his work' under
such circumstances was anything ex
traordinary—"the poor ignorant crea
tures believed that I had been raised
from the dead and that I was a super
natural being.
"From that time they were ready to
adore me if I would allow them, and
they have treated me well ever since.
I need not have suffered at all had ]
promised to cease preaching Christian
ity, but I was obstinate and so were
they, and po they made away with me
as they thought. But they were fright
ened when I apparently came back to
life, so frightened that they have never
troubled me personally again. Since 1
came away though," here the smiling
face grew suddenly grave, "I have re
ceived word that two of my missiona
ries have been killed. Father Henle and
Father Nles. A politico-religious sect,
formed about three years ago for the
overthrow of the present reigning
family of China, became incensed with
Father Henle because he would not aT
low members of his flock to Join in the
conspiracy, and they have taken ad
vantage of my absence to kill him and
revenge themselves."RISE OF A POLITICAL BOSS
GUESS Aleck's got the district all
I right," I had heard several of the
boys of the umerrified Democracy
say.
So the other day, when I heard
that he had done the next natural
and proper thing and "opened up
ace" down on Sixth street, I
wt-nt around to witness the in
stallation of the new district boss.
Sure enough, down amid the pictur
esque and populous hive of "south' of
Market" I found a living picture of a
phase of municipal politics as it verily
is, has. been and will be among a large
portion of the sovereign people. Go
south of Market for the romantic, the
"heroic and the evil in local politics.
Governorships and charters and ambi
tions have been k.st down there and the
great and the good go*wooing there in
the "glad-hand" days preceding elec
tions.
A block away from the old Arcade
Market, that was a market a genera
tion ago, I discovered that the north
"%ialf of that old and spreading ruin was
gleaming in new white paint, fantasti
cally streaked and striped with bright
chrome yellow, and I knew that all
this splendor proclaimed the glorious j
birth of the abode of the new district.
boss.
As I entered a wide door of the place
I observed, respectfully, the sole warn- j
Ing "Paint" on pieces of writing pa- i
pgr and sensed again the newness of
something significant. Stocked in view
from the street were lustrous oak bar
rels just labeled "O. P. 5.," "Bour- j
1,0n," "Rum. " etc, and it was not in ]
mere fancy that I saw them as judi- \
clous fortifications ere the mustering
and the storming of the fall campaign. ,
inlike the Government, the brainy ■
boss is always prepared for war. And
at the bar, behind a big screening case j
filled with bottled stuffs that may !
bring joy and "cops" to Sixth street, j
steam beer sizzed and frothed and ;
■topped around, already spluttering its i
part in the city's fate.
This was no ordinary opening of a |
new. gin mill that was giving paint,!
beer and life to a corner of Shipley j
street. It w, a s the establishment of ai
new , headquarter* by a dis- j
tri< t politician, who aspires to be the]
"De: : thy Thirtieth," and j
much adjacent territory as pos- !
. Bible, |
A x Greggains, prizefighter and poll- I
tician, has been in active politics in
that section ever since he was big j
enough to hit a head at a primary. At
■ •the last election for Freeholders he es- i
poused the cause of the ticket which
the victory. H e led the Demo
cratic faction that opposed the ticket
of District Engineer Dougherty and
the Fire Department. There was hot ;
hustling in the Thirty-second on that j
eventful day. When the ballots were j
• counted the ticket he worked for was
fr.und to have received a majority in
that district and Greggains claims the j
credit.
With the prestige of this victory, and
the glory of defeating his old leader,
I Dougherty, in his own district, Aleck
boldly seized the opportunity to ad
| vance himself nearer the political head
' ship. It was necessary to firmly estab
lish "recognition" as a factional leader,
'■ both in party councils and in the dis
trict. To do this he needed a head
' quarters, for no boss that knows his
: business has his office in his boots. He
! couldn't very well open an office and
hang out a sign, "A. Greggains, Dem.
! Bc-ss." What was more natural at such
a juncture than to start a saloon. Jim
Farrell, who was raised on primaries
i with Aleck, and had once been a police
. man, was goins? to the Klondike; Aleck
wanted a partner and lieutenant, and
i he prevailed on Farrell to stay and fill
; the bill.
Thus, briefly, one day Mr. Alexander
Greggains, member of the committee of
fifteen in charge of Congressman Ma
guire's gubernatorial campaign, rising
power in the district where he was
bc-rn. prizefighter and hero of many an
election scrap, came to be found at the
end of his own bar, providing an ex
ample of the birth and rise of a dis
trict boss.
Aleck was cut out for a boss in more
ways than one, for when I entered the
newly painted abode of political and
social power I heard him roar: "Here,
put on that coat, you — fool!"
"All right, Aleck; les' have 'nother
drink — everybody have drink," said the
honest son of toil, with a lunge at the
bar, as he slapped down another hard
earned dollar.
"Steam," "steam," "steam," chorused
the line hi unison, and Aleck poured
out a teaspoonful of whisky on invita
tion, spat it out after the "Here's
luck," and took out the 10 cents for it
from the payment.
The boss is always asked to drink at
such civil government bars. He is not
expected to make a hog of himself, and
he is not, of course, supposed to drink
beer, in all of which custom he reaps
the regular percentage in dollars and
i cents.
"Yes, we're just opening up," said
I Aleck in a pause after the rush. "I
i needed a place like this for the cam
; paign," and waved both hands proudly
j about the freshly bedecked room,
! shining with newly painted kegs and
I unused glasses. There was a smart
l ness of appearances adapted to the or
j dinary beer business of the neighbor
hood as well as to the higher class
patronage that politics misht bring.
j The beer came from somewhere, just
I as it does uptown, to faucets — two for
i the steam and one for the lager. There
was a back room for all loungers and
j card-players; and there was a little
j room behind the bar, with an outside
• door of its own, that privacy might
! cloak consultations if needful.
"You haven't seen the club, have
you?" and I saw the club, entered
quite naturally by a door from the bar
room. All the social and political and
business life of the headquarters passes
quite naturally through the barroom.
The large barnlike club quarters were
strewn with some old athletic outfits
and with a ring in process of arrange
ment.
This was simply another string to the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SI T XDAY, INARCH 27, 1898.
political bow. The old San Francisco
Athletic Club has existed on Sixth
street for twenty years. Greggains
picked up boxing in it as a boy, and,
in the many years ago, he suddenly
won neighborhood respect and reriown
and fairly started his pugilistic career
• when he knocked out Andy BresJin,
i the amateur champion of that section.
\ The club lived out its ups and downs.
! ring contests, its dances and its deficits
I for a generation, and a few weeks ago
; it was quiescent j n poor old quarters
down by Brannan street.
It was another opportunity for Aleck
■ and he easily became president and
\ instructor of the old club and promptly
I moved it, with a whoop, up the street
i into a big annex to his new saloon.
; Aleck elaborately displayed all the
1 gaudy social paraphernalia of the
j club's new headquarters for the Thirty
second, and the boys piled over one
! another in the struggle for member
i ship, according to his story.
"A boss has got to keep a level head
and know human nature," observed
Aleck, starting a discussion of
! the art of bossism with elementary
wisdom. "Most people don't believe
• it,- but I never took a drink of even
beer till I was 24 years old. Since then
I take something when I must and spit
I it out if I get a chance.
"The main rule is, always be ready
to do a favor for anybody at any time,
day or night. If one of the boys gets
on a 'bat,' or in a scrap, and gets run
j in, get him out; and if he is a work
ing man save him from losing any time
|at his job. A woman'll wake you up,"
I crying that her boy is locked up. Go
| and look after him. Perhaps there's a
family got thrown out and you can
guarantee their rent or pay a week's
or a month's rent somewhere. I was
always willing to help anybody out of
trouble if I could, unless it was a petty
j larceny thief.
"If a b«,-ss has been born and raised
j in the district he's working and knows
\ everybody, like I do around here, peo
; pie will come to him with all sorts of
j business and family troubles.
"If it's a family row get them to
' patch up their troubles and send them
i home. A fellow don't have to tell all
> the favors he does. The women are al
! ways gossipin' around and everybody
i knows it. When you do a man a favor
I like that it don't mean that he'll vote
i with you just when you want him to,
but he's more apt to; and the more
friends you make the better you're off.
"To be a success in politics," Aleck
added, "a man ought to keep away
! from his relatives and take care of his
workers. Don't be tryin' to get all the
j jobs for your relations."
This last bit of practical wisdom fur
i nished an odd bit of contrast a moment
| later. In answer to my' curious inquiry,
i "How did Dougherty and you first fall
! out?" he answered:
"Dougherty and I were all right when
! I was East, fighting, along about '91.
While I was away the foreman's place
at the engine-house up here fell vacant.
My brother Mike was assistant fore
! man. It was only right to give him the
job, and then I thought Dougherty
i owed it to me. So I wrote to him, ask
ing him to put Mike in. Mike didn't
get the job, though. When I came
back I asked Dougherty: 'How about
j that?'
" Well, I'd a give him the place all
right." says Dougherty, 'but the Chief
wouldn't stand for it. He said he'd
seen Mike driving around town in bug
gies too much, and out In the park.'
"Mike hadn't been driving around too
much. He owned a milk route and used
to drive around collecting a little when
he had a right to; that was all.
"I thought I knew what Dougherty
was giving me, and I says to myself:
"I'll just go and ask the Chief about
that.'
" Dougherty's a liar." said Chief Strt
livan, when I spoke to him. 'I never
saw your brother to know him in my
life.'
"That settled Dougherty with me and
I've been against him ever since, and
I'll always be against him."
Mike Greggains is "trun down" on a
foremanship. and years later the Greg
gains forces will rally to battle a ticket
fur Freeholders in a close contest.
The summons, "O Aleck!" left me for
a few minutes with Lieutenant Farrell,
but the tap of political wisdom flowed
on as freely from him as from Greg
gains.
"Aleck and I was raised together here j
and I'm glad Ur see him getting iip in
the world," said Farrell. "The Free
holders' election shows how Dougherty :
'nd the Fire Department has lost the j
grip. There's no use bucking public :
sentiment. A live boss must get in with
it the way it's going. You see when
these old tads around here, on those
i back streets, get a bi~ water bill, they ;
' don't know anything about the water ,
; company; Uhey yell Supervisors!'
"And then the Fire Department's
been unpopular down here since Sulli
van's been saying it was out of poli
tics, though it ain't, for you ought to
have seen these engine-house men out |
! hustling election day; and when their j
ticket was beat right in Dougherty's i
district they transferred every man j
here. They haven't been treating the j
district right, and that counts, too. The !
people like to see boys they know at \
the engine-house, and when there's a
vacancy they like to see some of the
boys down here get a show. But, no,
when there's a vacancy some fellow '
from North Beach bobs up here. So, ',
when a fireman asks a man in the
neighborhood to vote this way the fel
low's apt to say, 'To the divil with
yez.'
"We've always stayed right down
here in the district and that counts. " \
observed Mr. Farrell, in viewing the |
hopeful outlook. "We don't go up town \
more than an evening or two a week, j
These up-town politicians that spend
all their time up around the corners i
and hotels and headquarters up town i
i can't keep their influence."
"I was just raised in politics and pu
gilism," went on Greggains, rumina
tively, as he resumed his seat and his
train of cheerful thoughts. "Us kids
were always dubbin' around where
there was anything goin' on. We al
waya had our fun around primaries !
and meetin's. and when I was 18 I
Joined the Black Eagle Club downhere.
That was a Blame and Logan club
and I was a Republican then. Us boys ,
just joined for the fun of the uniforms'
and marching.
"I learned a lot more about politics,
but I didn't really go into the business
till the next campaign, when some of
the boys put me up for member of the
Republican County Committee. Two
years before my brother and some
others put Mitch Phillips up for Super
visor, but he wouldn't be tied to no :
boss and so naturally couldn't get any \
support. Out of that mess came a fight '
against Jack Hoey, and the next time
I the boys put me up agen him I was
with the Conroy, Chute and McCord
faction against Higgins.
"This was the old Forty-sixth then,
you know. I was in two fights that
primary, but we had the inside and
won out."
With a few brief tales he rushed
through the years into the more recent
and racy field of his Democratic his-
tory
"l switched to the Democrats in the
campaign when Cleveland was running
the second time. Dougherty wanted to
beat Mike McDonald in the old Forty
sixth and he wanted me to help him.
So I resigned from the Republican
County Committee and Dougherty put
me in the Fire Department."
"We had s< ...ie hot times that pri
mary," he continued. "Dougherty sent
me over to McDonald's own precinct,
and I started in challenging there
against McDonald himself and Ed
"McDonald started in flourishing a
gun and bluffing me generally. I had
an old gun and I gave it to one of our
boys and says, 'Now, you keep right
close to me whatever happens and
give me that gun if I want it.'
"When one of our fellows came up to
vote the Inspector Just dumped his
ballot on the floor.
"I puts my hands on the barricade
and swings half way over, and Me- (
Donald out with his gu:i. I knew he
wouldn't shoot; at least I didn't think
he would, and I says to the inspector: i
" 'Say, are you goin' to let that man
vote ?'
" 'Get down or I'll blow the top of
yer head off,' says McDonald.
"I, keepin' my eye on the gun the
while, says, 'Look out, or that thing'll
go off, the way you're foolin' with it."
"The way he took this I concluded I (
didn't need any gun, so over I jumped.
"The inspector grabbed the ballot
box to hang on to it and I just made a
feint at his ear. He threw up his hands
quick and I grabbed the box and
flipped it over to our gang, and the
books followed after it. Just then Mc-
Donald jumped Inside the barricade
and I knocked him into a corner before
he could strike and swung among 'em
right and left."
Aleck's face was aglow with anima
tion like that of a war veteran who
tells how his corps made the tri
umphant charge, and he paused to
grin.
"Our gang was ready, but the other
fellows had enough. Before I could get
to the box a policeman had it and was
starting to carry it up to the committee
rooms.
" 'That's right,' I says, 'but let me
carry the box.'
•' 4 I don't care what yez do with the
box,' he says, 'so long as I get it up
town."
"So I took the box, and as we went
along I put in about 200 tickets I had
ready.
"Well, of course, there was a contest
at headquarters. The books were gone ,
and the committee asked how many
tickets ought to be in the box.
•The other side said about fifteen and \
I said I Judged there was about 260.
•We chewed the rag for a while, and
then the committee decided to count
the tickets just as they were in the*>ox. i
"And that's how we won out in that
precinct that time." 1 .
And Alick joined again the social and
political tide of Sixth street, on which
he has plannel to ride In quest of po- ! <
liticul power. JAMES ORR. |
t
LATEST SOCIETY PAD:
GET A FAMILY CREST
PEDIGREE hunting is the fad of I
the hour. The great question j
seems to be "Who were my an
cestors?" I have it from the
very highest authority— from a i
man who knows more about the j
lines of descent of prominent American j
families than probably any other per- j
son in the United States. I refer to]
Mr. Charles H. Browning, who has de
voted his entire life to the study of
genealogy and heraldry and whose
most recent achievements are embodied
in the Order of Runnymede and the
Order of the Crown. He is the organ
izer of the first and the only male mem
ber of the second.
Mr. Browning occupies a sphere
which is unique. He is not a profes
sional "pedigree hunter" in the sense
that hundreds of men and women are
who make a very comfortable living by
catering to the vanities of those Ameri
cans who imagine themselves better
than their neighbors and want to prove
it. That is a profession in itself. Mr.
Browning does not have to hunt for
pedigrees. He is a walkine encyclo
pedia of genealogy. He is an expert.
His services are called upon in organ
izing various genealogical societies. His
advice is courted in matters pertaining
to such things. He knows all about
everybody and everybody's family
away back as far as they can be traced.
That's why the ladies who organized
the Order of the Crown honored him
with a membership in their society. He
is the only man ever eh ted to mem
bership in that exclusive body or who
ever will be. He is sui generis.
Mr. Browning is a native of Cincin- i
nati, Ohio, and is the son of a deceased j
United States navy officer. He was ed
ucated at Kenyon College and entered
upon newspaper and literary work.
Long before the prevalent fad for ped
igrees and pedigree orders appeared
Mr. Browning developed a taste for
genealogical work by investigations
into his o\v.. lineage. From experience
thus derived he saw the necessity for
and evolved a perfect system for the j
verification of pedigrees already com- |
piled and for the growth of the family j
tree.
Although the Order of the Crown has ;
not yet been fully organized, at least
fifty designs have been submitted for ,
insignia, which shows, in a measure,
to what extent the fad has grown. The
Idea originated with Miss Farnsworth j
of Detroit, who immediately communi- j
cated with Mr. Browning for advice. .
That gentleman naturally advocated
the movement. As a result the order is r
on the high road to success, is as yet }
without a rival, and Mr. Browning has
been commissioned to compile the Year ;
Book. That means— well, it means a |
nice little lump sum, anyhow.
Mr. Browning lives at Ardmore, Pa., j
Just a short ride from that hotbed of '
pedigrees, Philadelphia. For several j
years he edited the American Histori- i
:al Register, which was the organ of the !
American Heredity Society, and he is '
also the author of that thrilling work,
"Americans of Royal Descent."
I found Mr. Browning, when I called
on him one day last week, to be a most
affable gentleman who seemed to re
gard his w.rk with strangely mingled
enthusiasm and irony. He impressed
upon me the fact that while the im
pression might prevail that these soci
ties were all froth, they could not be
regarded as such purely from the
standpoint of establishing authentic
degrees.
"In some," he said, "they accept
what are known as collateral mem
bers. That is to say, a member of the
Sons of the American Revolution may
not necessarily be descended directly
from a Revolutionary soldier. His
great-grandfather may not have
fought in tfie Revolution, but if his
great-grandfather's brother did he is
eligible as a collateral member. That
is the case with Chauncey M. Depew,
who is preside t of the society in' New
York."
"What Is the origin of these socie
ties?" was asked.
"The Society of the Cincinnati was
the first." replied Mr. Browning. "It
was organized by Frederick William
yon Steuben at the close of the Revo
lution, and was originally known as
the Order of the Cincinnati. It died
out, and when reorganized many years
later it was changed from an 'order'
to a 'society,' as being more typically
American.-
Then followed the Society of 1812, the
Society of the Colonial Wars, Sons of
the Revolution Daughters of the Rev
olution, Colonial Dames, Mayflower
Society, Founders and Patriots,
Daughters of Cincinnati, the Aztec
Club (composed of officers who served
in the Mexican war), the Society of
Foreign Wars, Daughters of the Con
federacy, Order of Washington, Colo
nial Society of Massachusetts, De
scendants of the Pioneers of America,
Sons of Veterans. United States Navy
Veteran Association, and — that's about
all I can thik of at present."
"You must have many experiences In
your work which are amusing," I ven
tured.
"Yes. Indeed," replied Mr. Browning.
"Take the women who claim to be line-
al descendants of Benjamin Franklin.
The fact that Franklin was never mar
ried doesn't seem to worry them in the
least. They don't seem to mind a little
thing like a marriage ceremony where
their ancestors are concerned.
'"As a matter of fact, the sole idea of
many persons seems to be to avail
themselves of every opportunity to
found a society to get a badge of some
sbrt or other. To be alliterative, like
the preacher of 'rum, Romanism and
rebellion' fame, I should characterize
the prevailing tendency as a case of
badges, buttons and banquets. To put
up a monument, to erect an historic
building, to look pretty on parade,^ to
get one's name in the paper — those are
the things to strive for. and then comes
happiness. One chap thinks he's a
huckleberry better than another chap,
and there is also great happiness in
that, you know."
2324
Jty\QAR AND ISHMAEU
Sketched From the Original fainting by J\. F. J^iatheWs.
SHE San Francisco Art Association
finds that having two exhibitions
a year, at which artists are ex
pected to show only new work, is
somewhat impractical, so after
thoughtful consideration of the matter
RICHARD LE GALLIENNE,
ESTHETE AND ECCENTRIC
DESPAIRING DEMOCRACY.
BATAN'S INVISIBLE WORLD DIS
PLAYED—By W. T. Stead. New York:
R. T. Fenno '& Co. For sale at Doxey's,
Palace Hotel, City.
A WITTY Frenchman once remarked
that Mr. Stead's cable address should
be registered as "God, London."
There is a good deal of Gallic ex
travagance in the idea, but it expresses
more clearly than any other 'phrase the
omniscience of the clever founder of the
Review of Reviews. Mr. Stead, as a Lon
don journalist, first came prominently
Into notice some twelve years ago, when
he startled the English-speaking world
with a boldly written expose of vice in
London. The truth was set forth in his
Maiden Tribute, and everybody knew It,
but still the truth was a little too strong
for the Nonconformist conscience. So
Btead, as a first-class misdemeanant, was
■ent to live comfortably in jail for a
year, and when he came out his career
was made.
His conception of the Review of Re
views was brilliant in the extreme, and
his success amazed the doubters whj
looked askance at the magazine when it
was started. On ihis side of the Atlan
tic, too. under the guidance of Dr. Albert
Shaw, the Review of Reviews has met
with equal favor. All this we owe direct
ly to Stead, but unfortunately for his
personal popularity in the States, he has
taken upon himself the role of an Amer
ican Savonarola, and in his free-handed
trenchant style, is preaching a little too
etrongly about our sins.
Everybody remembers the little alle
gory published some four years ago, rep
resenting the position which Christ
would occupy If he came to Chicago. The
seething mass of vice and corruption
•which has accumulated in the great City
by the Lakes was ruthlessly exposed to
public view, and naturally the Chicago
ans did not like It at all. To-day it is
the turn of New York, and the triumph
of the Democratic party at the recent
elections for the Mayoralty of New York
has given the author his opportunity.
The book was written before the result
of the election was known, but the ex
posure of the Tammany Hall methods
gains added importance because of the
return of this faction to power.
The volume opens with a rather pic
turesque sketch of New York, as seen
from the bay at night, Bartholdi's colos
8a! monument of Liberty illumining the
gateway of the sea, and welcoming all
comers to the land of Liberty. Theti
Stead, having created a very pretty pic
ture, goes on to destroy the illusion. He
has got hold of a report of the Lexow
Commission of inquiry into the condition
of New York, which sat during 1894 and
1895, and nearly the whole of the book is
made up of extracts from these bulky
volumes.
It is not very pleasant reading certain
ly, for every form of corruption of which
a corrupt police force could be guilty is
exposed. Witness after witness testified
how the police openly fattened upon the
keepers of gambling saloons and disor
derly houses, how every form of vice was
licenced and could be carried on with im
punity as long as the captain of the pre
cinct was sufficiently bribed. Disclosures
of this kind are Stead's metier, and, as in
the case of the Chicago book, he does not
fail to emphasize all the more brutal and
revolting features of the case. These
charges, of course, are familiar to all
American readers, and no end is to be
gained by reviving them here.
More interesting, because less repulsive.
Is the sketch of the origin of the great
political organization known as Tamma
ny. St. Tammany, the only native Amer
ican who has ever been canonized, was,
according to the legend, a Delaware In
dian, who, long before the days of Euro
pean occupation, lived with his tribe In
New Jersey. He achieved his celebrity
through a terrible conflict which he had
with the devil. It was a regular pitched
battle, and, though lammany suffered
it has been decided to have but one
general exhibition In the autumn and
to substitute for the other a series of
exhibitions of individual artists.
This will give contributors more time
to produce new canvases, thereby mak
severely, he refused to yield up any por- |
tion of his dominions to the evil one. The
Bght went on for months, and so severs ;
were the struggles of the combatants '
that whole forests were thrown down
and prairie land, which remains to this '
day, created. The devil barely escaped,
and St. Tammany crossed the river to
New York, where he established his
borne.
Thus, out of this fragmentary legend St.
Tammany rose to an assured position in
the ranks of the Revolutionary Army.
Having no patron saint of their own, St.
Tammany served the Americans as a kind
of modern St. George, and the 12th of
May, Tammany's birthday, was cele
brated with wigwams, liberty poles, toma
hawks and many other things in regular
Indian fashion. The ranks of the army
of Pennsylvania nourished this great po
litical society, which about the beginning
of the century established its home in
New York. It is said to be the oldest
purely self-constituted political organiza
tion in the world. It began with the re
public, being organized within a fortnight
of the inauguration of the first President,
and in spite of all internal factions which
have raged, remains, according to Mr.
Stead, "To this day the strongest, the
best disciplined and the most feared po
litical organization in the world."
A saloon-keeper, who for twenty years ■
was a captain of Tammany, revealed to j
Mr. Stead what he describes as the secret
of the organization's strength.
"If you get into trouble Tammany will j
help you out. If you are out of a job i
Tammany will see that you have the first
chance of whatever is going. It is a I
great power, is Tammany. Whether it is j
with the police or in the court, or in the j
City Hall, you will find Tammany men
everywhere, and they all stick together.
There is nothing sticks so tight as Tam
many."
Bo much for Tammany. San Francisco
people will turn more eagerly to the lat- |
ter pages of the book, where the charter j
which has just created Greater New York '
is discussed. Mr. Stead has his. doubts \
about the endurance of this new form of j
autocratic government, and points out ■
that, between IS4G and 1890, New York had i
no less than eleven charters, or an aver- i
age of one every four years. As long as
the minority party in the city can com
mand the votes of the majority of the
State Legislature, this state of constant !
change is likely to continue, and even the j
creation of a Czar Ma3'or does not guar- I
aiitee finality.
Here is Mr. Stead's candid opinion of
the charter, given, as will be seen, with
some hesitation: "Even now I shrink
from expressing an opinion, lest it should
be misconstrued as implying any claim
on my part to sit in judgment on those
who are saddled with the responsibility
of governing New York. But when doc
tors differ the people decide, and when lo
cal experts are at hopeless variance as to
the merits or demerits of the charter, it
may perhaps be permitted to a British on
looker, even at a distance of 3000 miles, to
put on record the way in which the char
ter Btrlkes him. If this should not be de
nied me 1 may say at once that the char
ter seems to have written on its face thor
oughgoing distrust of the people. The as
pect of the charter is black with despair.
It is far worse as an expression of demo
cratic despair than the Brooklyn char
ter, for the Brooklyn charter at least
trusted the Czar Mayor, whereas the New
York charter shrinks even from doing
that."
EMANUEL ELZAS.
REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM WET
MORE STORY— By Mary E. Phillips.
Chicago and New York: Rand, Mc-
Nally & Co. William Doxey, San
Francisco.
Not often does the New World furnish
artistic celebrities to the Old, but in the
case of William Wetmore Story America
may claim the glory of having borne a
son whose fame was European, a creator
who was the pride of his adopted land,
Italy. Story's world-wide reputation has
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27. 1898.
sirable matter, while at the same time
it will give such artists as desire to
hold special exhibitions an opportunity
to collect all their work from the va
rious sources, and to so arrange and
hang it as to show it to advantage.
left its mark upon his century, his sculp
tured poems have won lasting fame for
his motherland, his prose and verse have
made his name a household word on at
least two continents. But beneath the
sculptor and the author lay a personality
so attractive that, to those who came in
contact with it, the man was even dearer
than the artist. W. W. Story lived as
much in his affections as in his art, his
life as a sculptor began and ended with
enduring monuments to the two lives —
father and wife— which had most closely
influenced his own. It is, therefore, very
fitting that we should have a volume of
Reminiscences wherein those who have
hitherto only applauded the artist should
learn to appreciate the human side of his
character.
The "Reminiscences" are gathered from
many sources, the tributes of affection
and esteem are from more than one na
tionality, and they enable us to form a
pretty clear idea of the life, aims and
idiosyncrasies of William Wetmore Story,
from his childhood's days in old Salem to
his last hours in Vallambrosa. The son of
Judge Story, himself of almost world
wide legal repute, William Wetmore was
destined to follow in his father's steps,
and out of deference to that father's
wishes he sedulously studied the uncon
genial law, giving promise of a brilliant
career. But the artist nature was strong
within him and its promptings were not
to be resisted. For some years he toywd
with the chisel while pursuing the law;
and the trustees of Mount Auburn Ceme
tery finally settled his future for him by
giving the order for a marble statue of
his father. The son felt that to qualify
for such work he must first study abroad.
Against his mother's wish, but supported
by his brilliant and devoted wife, he left
America for Europe at the age of 29, and
though remaining an American at heart,
Italy was his home for forty-five years.
The volume before us contains an ex
haustive list, with clear descriptions, of
the artist's works, and quotations from
his verse; but its chief interest perhaps
lies in the glimpses it gives us of W. W.
Story's intimate intercourse with many
of the famous men and women of his
time. His friendship' with the Brownings
was long and close, and in a quoted let
ter he gives a very touching description
of Casa Guidi after "the glory of all and
that which sanctified all" was no longer
to be seen seated in her low armchair.
We have also a pathetic letter from
Mrs. Browning herself, telling of hours
spent irt'the Storys' home by the death
bed of their loved eldest boy. Many other
familiar names appear on the page:
Thackeray, whose "Rose and Ring" was
specially composed for Little Edith Story;
Mrs. Beecher Stowe, whose enthusiasm
for Sojourner Truth inspired the famous
statue of the Lybian Sybil; Walter Sav
age Landor, Margaret Fuller, Harriet
Hosmer Severn, Hawthorne, were all dear
personal friends on Italian soil; Lowell
and Motley were intellectual links with
America; and the Story receptions in the
Palazzo Barberini at Rome drew together
such diverse types that the Italians
called their foreign sculptor "II simpa
tico Americano." It is noteworthy that
the exhibition of Story's statues— the
Cleopatra and the Lybian Sybil— in Lon
don, 1562, was entirely due to the liberal
ity of Pio Nono.
"Sculptors profess much admiration for
my writings," the artist used to say;
"poets amiably admit that my great
talent lies in my sculpture." But there
were many who considered him, as a
sculptor, at the head of the modern
school, gifted with an originality of con
ception which he perfected by untiring
labor.- And if, as a poet, he does not rank
with the highest, he certainly takes a
foremost place la the second ranks:
' Come to my arms, my hero,
The shadows of twilight grow,
And the tiger's ancient fierceness
In my veins begins to flow.
Come, as you came in the desert.
Ere we were women and men,
PICTURES OF THE WEEK
ON SPECIAL EXHIBITION
The second of the series of these spe
cial exhibitions will be given by Ar
thur F. Mathews. It will open with a
reception to members and Invited
guests to-morrow evening at the Hop
kins Institute of Art, and will continue
for a week.
Mr. Mathews Is well known as the
popular instructor and principal of the
San Francisco School of Design. His
name on any canvas is sufficient to en
list favorable attention. Students and
art lovers in general are anticipating a
rare treat in the study of so many of
his canvases, for he has admittedly
achieved the necessary in still life,
landscape and the single figure and
has attained to the highest of all— that
of figure composition.
In conception of his subjects he ex
presses much of the true spirit of the
artist and in style he is decorative after
the manner of the most progressive
school. There is a simplicity of expres
sion and a breadth of handling in his
work that commend it to the most
critical. It may be said of his pictures
that they are drawn and not drawn
and painted and not painted, for the
method is not apparent.
Among the ninety odd numbers which
he exhibits are figure compositions of,
subjects taken from Bible history, from
mythology and from every day life.
Here are many studies of single figures,
a number of portraits, a few land
scapes, some still life and some de
signs in outline for mural decorations.
t Of the first mentioned are "The First
Sorrow," "The Forbidden FruU." "The
Annunciation." "Hagar and Ishmael'
and "Judith," any one of which would
grace any exhibition anywhere.
"The First Sorrow" represents the
lifeless fierure of Abel lying obliquely
in the foreground of an evening land
scape, with the sorrowing figures of
Adam and Eve bending over him. This
Is Mr. Mathews' latest canvas, and it
does full Justice to his genius. The
treatment is masterful and the compo
sition of line attd color very well han
dled.
Another masterpice Is "The Forbid
den Fruit." This may be described as
an evening woodland scene, in which a
sword-bearing angel, a stately winged
figure enveloped in iridescent draperies,
stands erect, in the middle distance of
the picture, and with outstretched arm
firmly announces the sad news of the
expulsion from Eden to the siiilty and
grief-stricken couple before him. The
figure of Eve. so beautiful in form.
color and attitude, reclines gracefully
on the ground and clings to the pro
tecting but dejected figure of Adam sit
ting beside her. The picture Is wrought
with much feeling. It has a soft atmos
phere, and the color scheme is espe
cially pleasing.
Other canvases, such as "Pandora."
"The Lilies of Midas." "The Picnic at El
Campn." "The Discovery of San Fran
cisco Bay." "The Dutch Kitchen," "A
White Rooster." together with many
beautiful studies of which space will
not permit a mention, are each in their
own way Interesting.
When the tl?er passions were In us.
And love as you loved me then.
Such are the words that the sculptor
puts Into the mouth of his Cleopatra,
whose bracelets ''bar with a purple
stain her arms," and it is small wonder
that, thus dreaming of one 'who had been
a tiger before she was a woman, he gave
to the world a passionate Cleopatra such
as had not yet been embodied in stone.
But he nad many another mood, tender,
pathetic, sorrowful, even joyful; and'
among his finest inspirations was the Io
Victis, with its final appeal:
Speak, History; who are Life's Victors? Un
roll thy long Rnnals and say, Are they those
whom the world called the victors— who won
the success of a day? The Martyrs or Nero?
The Spartans who fell at Thermopylae's tryst.
Or the Persians and Xerxes? His Judges, or
Socrates? I'ilate or Christ?
Those who wish further details of W.
W. Story's works, in marble, verse and
prose, must bo referred to the "Reminis
cences. " which are full of interesting
matter, but it is greatly to be regretted
that the matter has not fallen into more
| skillful hands. An abler pen than Miss
Phillips' would have produced a fascinat
ing biography out of materials which, in
their present form, are but a fragrant
potpourri.
MORE KLONDIKE LITERATURE.
PLACER MINING— A hand-book for
Klondike and other miners and pros
pectors. Scranton, Pa.: The Colliery
Engineer Company.
A MILE OF GOLD— By William M. Stan
ley. Chicago: Laird & Lee.
MINER'S GUIDE MAP— San Francisco:
H. R. Willis.
There is no end to the publication of
books about the Klondike and the Yukon
River. Every day brings its fresh issues
and if gold is to be got by the aid of
printed pages the Dawson digger of to
day has a chance never before given to
adventurous men.
The first of this triplet of books, all of
which may be had at Doxey's, is of a
severely practical nature, and issued by
experienced mining people. It tells in de
tail the best way of reaching thtj dig
gings, and, when you get there, the best
method of winning gold from the frozen
soil. The volume is well printed, of
handy size for the pocket and is embel
lished with a useful map.
The next volume is of an entirely dif
ferent character. It is an attempt to
weave a romance around the hardships
and difficulties encountered in these Arc
tic regions. The author, it is stated on
the title page, recently returned from the
Klondike with $112,000 in dust and nug
gets and $16,000,000 in claims. There is a
cheerful vagueness about the latter por
tion of this statement which is quite re
freshing in these prosaic, matter-of-fact
days, and we trust Mr. Stanley may real
ize on his claims in full. Still it is hard
to see what connection the author's suc
cess in mining has with his ability aa a
writer. In this case the gulf seems too
wide to be spanned, even by a golden
bridge.
The Miners' Guide Map is clearly print
ed in colors, and shows on a large scale
the whole of the Alaskan gold fields. It
is bound in convenient form for J he
pocket, together with a diary, in which
the incidents of the journey may be
noted.
STORIES OF ADVENTURE.
DR. JONES' PICNIC— By S. E. Chapman.
San Francisco: The Whitaker & Ray
Company. Price, $1.
DON LUIS' WIFE— By Lillian Hinman
Shuey. Boston: Lamson, Wolff c &
Co. Price, $1 25; for sale at Doxey's.
The novel of adventure increases won
derfully in number. Here are two more
stories of fantastic doings, though in
widely differing climes. The scene of Dr.
Jones" picnic is the North Pole, and the
author, with a few strokes of his pen and
a profuse exercise of imagination, easily
surmounts all the difficulties surrounding
aerial navigation, which scientists, after
lifelong study, have been unable to solve.
It is but a mere trifle for Dr. Jones to
build a huge aluminum globe and voyage
comfortably with his family to the North
Pole. Unfortunately the author's literary
attainments are not on a par with his im
aginative faculties, consequently the tale
suffers much in the telling.
Miss Shuey's story of Don Luis and his
wife is more subdued in tone. It is veiled
in the glamor of luxurious tropical life,
for the scene is laid in the West Indies.
Mr. Mathews, while not being" native
born, is decidedly California!!, inas
much as he has lived here since his
fifth year. From early childhood he
showed a decided inclination toward
art expression, but was entirely self
taught until his twenty-third year. For
seven years he did architectural draw
ing in his father's office, after which he
had an opportunity of studying litho
graphing and spent two years with the
firm of Britton & Ray. About this
time he joined a number of other stu
dents in organizing the Art Students*
League, which engaged Mr.Wores as its
teacher, but after two weeks' work Mr.
Wores was unexpectedly called to Ja
pan and the students were obliged to
work without a teacher. This condition
only lasted five weeks when he left San
Francisco for Paris, where he remained
for four years and a half. Of this time
he spent fifteen months in close study
in the Julian Academy under Boulan
ger and Lefebvre, while the remain
der of the time he worked in his own
studio devoting much time to the gal
leries and absorbing the art atmos
phere of his environment.
During this time he enjoyed the sat
isfaction of exhibiting in the Salon
three years in succession, and upon
each occasion had two pictures, the
, limited number accepted.
In ISB7 he exhibited "Imogen in the
Cave" and a portrait of Frank Small.
In ISSB he exhibited his "Dutch
Kitchon" and "Pandora," and In 18§9
his "Lilies of Midas" and a portrait of
a lady were shown.
"Pandora" was also exhibited at the
Universal Exhibition at Paris In ISS9,
and "Judith" was one of the two pic
tures accepted at. the World's Fair at
Chicago, taken from a collection of
thirty sent from here by different
artists.
An exhibition of Mr. Mathews' work
at this time seems fitting, because he
contemplates an early departure for
Europe. His present intention is to be
gone about fifteen months, during
which time he means to locate in some
of the art centers for serious study dur
ing the winter months and to travel
during the remainder of the time.
It is only through such foreign study
that our local art is rejuvenated, and
for this reason his many friends will
wish him much success and will look
with interest to the things he will bring
back to us. K. M. B.
■ ♦ .
CARRIER PIGEONS
FOR THE NAVY.
PROFESSOR MARION of the Na
val Academy, who has done more
than any other man to urge the
organization of a carrier-pigeon
service for use in time of war,
has received a large order from
the Navy Department for a cer
tain form of quill of his Invention,
which is used in sending messages by
pigeons, and preparations are being
RICHARD LE GALLIENNE.
Richard Le Gallienne is at present visiting the United States on a lectur
ing tour, and during his stay will doubtless have much to say in the way of
instituting comparisons between the methods of American literary lights and
those of England and the Continent. As will be seen from his photograph, Mr.
Le Gallienne is ye. a young man. His personal habits, as recorded by para
graphers, are those of an esthete and an eccentric. He it is who is popularly
reported as riding a bicycle attired in a blouse and knickers of black silk,
the latter being ruffled in the most approved feminine manner. Mr. Le Gallienne
has attracted the attention of readers all the world over from his paraphrase of
the "Rubiyat," which, however, is considered puerile when placed by the side
of Fitzgerald's standard translation from the Persian. Another of Mr. Le
Gallienne's feats was the issue some time ago of a boon bearing the title, "If
I were God." After its publication he decided to change fie title If successive
editions were called for. It may sately be prophesied that he will have no
need to change it on this account.
The tale will be interesting for American
women, since it professes to give a true
account of the experiences of a New Eng
land maiden who marries a wealthy
planter of San Domingo.
ON STREET CLEANING.
STREET CLEANING— By George E.
Waring Jr. New York: Doubleday
& McClure Company. For sale at
Doxey's.
Magazine readers will doubtless be fa
miliar with Mr. Waring's heroic attempt
to clean the streets of New York. As a
Commissioner of Street Cleaning under
Mayor Strong he was empowered to com
pletely reorganize the department, and
found himself face to face with a task
which put to shame Hercules' contract
for the sanitation of the Augean stables.
However, being entirely freed from po
litical influences, Mr. Waring succeeded
admirably, and as the photographs in
this volume show us, brought New York
from the degradation of filth and, slovenly
mismanagement to the highest level of
modern sanitation. There is room for
such a man in San Francisco.
A SOUTHERN GENIUS.
IGERNE AND OTHER WRITINGS— By
Arthur Handly Marks. New York:
The De Vinne Press. For sale by
Doxey.
It is a pa'.hetic story of a young South
0000000! ooaooososso
made to put the cote at Key West in
commission for. service in connection
with the fleet.
For several years the practice ships
of the Naval Academy have used car
rier pigeons to communicate with the
Navy Department while at sea, and
these successful experiments inaugu
rated by Porfessor Marion have de
monstrated the great value of this ser
vice. . " :'"J\','.
Ships on blockade, or scouting duty,
in the Gulf and around Cuba, may by
this means be placed in telegraphic
communication with the Navy Depart
ment without being compelled to leavei
their stations at sea and run for port
to communicate information regarding
the movements and designs of an en
emy. ■':';.'-■:■■
These little messengers, which sel
dom fall in their duty, will enable a
scout to keep in touch with a hostile
squadron and make accurate reports of
its movements, and at the same time
keep the Navy Department informed as
to the whereabouts of each of its crui
sers along the coast. §
Key West is only ninety miles from
Havana, and the cote at Key West,
which was established by Lieutenant
Harlow, U. S. N., two years ago. will be
the center of information in this ser
vice.
■♦■
INDIANS CALL HIM
"WHITE BEAVER."
JUST now there Is considerable in
terest manifested as to who Dr.
George Powell Is — the man who
has taken up the challenge of
Baron El Cardo where Senator
Mason laid It down. The writer of this
article knows Dr. Powell.
The Drs. Powell (there are two of
them) were first brought to the atten
tion of the public in a manner that has
left no doubt that there is not a drop
of "Jingo" blood in the Powell family.
In the early seventies, when smallpox
was raging among the Sioux Indians in
North Dakota and Montana, the Gov
ernment asked for volunteers among
the medical profession to go to their
relief.
At that time Dr. Frank Powell had
Just finished his studies, preliminary
to entering upon his profession, and at
once volunteered to go among the In
dians and do what he could for them.
He remained among them three years,
taking for his pay nothing but the
eternal good will of the savages.
His personality is striking. He is
tall, dark-complexioned, has black
wavy hair. Is broad-shouldered, black
eyed and has an iron will. He imme
diately made his presence felt a/nong
the Sioux. He established strict sani
tary and quarantine laws, enforcing
ern genius, whose life was cut short be
fore his literary gifts had time to bear
full fruit . In a sympathetic memoir,
Bishop Gailor tells us the history of
young Marks, who died In 1892 at the
early age of 28. From his earliest youth
the boy had displayed very marked liter
ary and poetical tastes, and despite the
shortness of his life has left, in the sub
stantial volume before us, considerable
proof of his taient.
The sketches are mostly brief, dealing
with incidents in the author's career as
a consular official, but they are remark
ably clear-cut and truthful. The articles
descriptive of London life show accurate
powers of observation, and there is mv
pathos in the reminiscences of James
Russell Lowell and Dr. Oliver Wendell
Holmes.
FOR THOUGHTFUL USE.
THE MODERN READER'S BIBLE—
New York: The Hacmillan Company.
HELPFUL THOUGHTS— By E. D. Van
der Leith. Carson; Dunn & Lemmon.
DATE BOOK— By Edmund Routledge
New lork: George Routledge & Sons.
This issue of the Modern Reader's Bible
includes St. Matthew and St. Mark and
the General Epistles. The volume is of
handy size and the modern literary style
into which the language of the Bible has
been converted brings before us the do
them at the mouth of hi^ revolver
when necessary.
In a short time he had tfc Indiana
absolutely under his control and he
governed and ruled them witi such an
iron har.d, albeit with so m^ch com
passion and kindness that When he
left them, after years of ceasless toil,
the Indians bestowed uponllim the
highest honor they could bestow upon
a white man. This was the presenta
tion to him of a white beav r skin.
A white beaver is a rarity, and the In
dians of that day did, and do j it, look
upon a white beaver as a nit senger
from the "Great Spirit." Conse uently
a white beaver skin was amor % their
most treasured possessions.
The Indians assembled and the white
beaver robe was placed upon Di^, Pow
ell's shoulders by the chief medicine
man cf the tribe, and he was th|n and
there christened "White Beavei*' an 1
to this day he remains "White Be»ver."
and is more often addressed by that
title than by his own name.
His brother George nad In the irean
time been studying medicine, and rrhen
he wa# graduated he joined Ftank.
who had meantime connected himself
with the United States army. The
brothers were with Buffalo Bill for sev
eral years on the plains, acting- as
scouts, guides and physicians. An-i it
was during these years of active serv
ice that they learned the skillful ise
of that greatest of all weapons, :he
revolver.
Tiring finally of a wandering life,
they settled at La Crosse, Wis., where
they still have a lucrative practice. It
•was in this little city on the Mississippi
River that the write* made their a.c
auaintance. In a room adjoining their
office the Drs. Powell keep in pistol
practice. It is a long, narrow apart
ment and the rear end is heavily
padded. Any old thing on the padded
wall does for them to shoot at, and
when they get tired of Bhooting at tack
heads, old bullet-holes and other small
objects they stretch strings across from
wall to wail and cut th^m with bullets
and apparently without taking aim.
The Drs. Powell are prominent and
•worthy citizens of their city and "Whitfi
Beaver" has several times served as
Mayor of La Crosse. He is the idol of
the poorer and working classes, and
when they have no available candidate
"White Beaver" is invariably brought
out and invariably elected.
Dr. George Powell, who has» comf> to
Senator Mason's relief, is somewhat
shorter than his brother Frank. He
stands about 5 feet 8 inches, weighs
about 165 pounds, has steely blue eyes,
which darken as anger arises: brown
hair, which hang? to his waist and is
soft and silky. Hp is of a kindly dis
position and will go to any trouble to
serve a friend or a person in distress.
Whether Senator Mason is his friend or
not I do not know.
But one thine: I <]o know. If Baron
El Cardo were to represent Spain on the
one side and Dr. George Powell were to
represent America on the other. ther«
is not the slightest doubt in my mind
that Uncle Sam would come out
winner in the first round.
A. P. NIXON.
There are said to be 300 or more persons
In London earning a living as "pavement
artists"— that is. by drawing pictures on
thp pavement and collecting pennies from
the crowds that gather. The ranks of
this artistic fraternity now boast several
lady artists, who, well educated and of
considerable skill with the pencil, have
adopted this "profession" as a means of
supporting themselves.
ings of Christ In a graphic, consecutive
manner.
"Helpful Thoughts" Is a compilation of
the best passages in Robert Browning's
"The Ring and Book." A remarkable
feature about this pretty little booklet is
that from beginning to end It is the work
of Nevada hands, pictures and all.
Edmund Routledge's date book gives a
chronological list of leading events from
the creation of the world down (o the
year 1597. It will be useful to the student.
All these volumes are for sale at Doxey's.
Mr. Doxey has now in press the first
of a series of booklets which he proposes
to issue under the caption of "The Lark.
Classics."
This will be The RubaJyat of Omar
Khayyam. It will give Fitzgerald's tex —
first and fourth editions— with notes, «>d
In addition will publish the following, uy
Porter Garnett. who. with Mr. Gelet Bur
gess, edited the lively little Lark of fam
ous memory.
A GLOSE UPON THE 12TH RUBAI OF
OMAR KHAYYAM.
A Book of Verses underneath the Bough,
A Jug of Wine, a Loaf of Breail— and Thou
Beside me singing In the Wilderness —
O, Wilderness were Paradise enow!
Oft have the footsteps of my Soul been led
By thee, sweet Omar, far from hum of toll
To where the Chenar trees their plumage
spread
And tangly wild grape-vines the thickest
coll;
Where distant fields, scarce glimpsed in Noon
content.
Are lush with verdure quick unon th«
Plough.
Where trills the Nightingale beneath the Tent
Of Heaven, uttering her soft lament:
There have 1 sat with Thee and conned er«
now
A book of Verses underneath the Bough.
When from the City's raucous din new-freed,
I quaff thy Wisdom from the clearing Cup
Of Rubaiyat, then, even as I rea^i.
I seem with Thee In Persian groves to sup
On Bread of Yezdakhast and Shiraz Wine,
That lifts the Net of Care from off the Brow.
These Words, that tongue the Spirit of the
Vine,
Speak from the Veil, and lo! the voice IS
Thlrve:
Then is my Wish— would Fate that Wish
allow—
A Jug of Wine, a Loaf of Bread^-and Thou.
Volume II of this series will be Kll»»
ling's "Barrack-room Ballads and Other
Poems," and mis will be followed by
"Departmental Ditties."
New books to be shortly published by
Messrs. Harper & Brothers are the fol
lowing: The first volume of the Bio
graphical Edition of Thackeray s Com
plete Works, with additional material and
hitherto unpublished Letters, Sketches
and Drawings; "Social Pictorial Satire."
Reminiscences ami Appreciations of Eng
lish Illustrators of the past generation,
by George dv Maurier; •Thirty Strange
Stories." and "The Invisible Man," by
H. G. Wells, author of "The War of the
Worlds," etc.: "Through the Gold Fields
of Alaska to Bering Straits." by Harry de
Windt; "Ghosts 1 Have Met. and Some
Others," by John Kendrick Bangs; "Four
for a Fortune," by Albert Lee; "Gods or
Our Fathers," a Study of Saxon Mythol
ogy, by Herman 1. Stern; "Silence, and
Other Stories," by Mary E. Wilkins; "In
the Sargasso Sea," by Thomas A. Jan
vier- "The Hundred, and Other Stories."
by Gertrude Hall; "A Manual of Experi
ments in Physics," by Professor Joseph
S. Ames, and "A Constitutional History
of the American People," by Professor
Francis Newton Thorpe.
A. M. Robertson, publisher, of this city,
has issued a handy edition of Dante Ali
ghieri's "La Vita Nuova," from the trans
lation of Dante Gabriel Rossetti. The
book is tastefully printed on rou . paper
in clear type, and is of a convenient slza
for the pocket. The issue is particularly
timely at the present, to view of. lectures
that are being delivered dealing with tha
works of the Italian poet. Mr. Robertson
is evidently one of those publishers who
believes in taking time by the forelock,
lor we are informed that the book was
set up, printed and bound in the shorts
space of thirty-six hours. ■ •"
In a recent newspaper interview An
thony Hope expressed his preference for
"The God in the Car" among all his
books. A new edition of this novel has
just been issued by Messrs. D. Appleton
& Co., uniform with Mr. Hope's "Chroni
cles of Count Antonio."NEW LIGHTSHIP THAT WILL BE STATIONED JUST OFF THE GOLDEN GATE.
LONE LIFE OF THE CREW
ON THE NEW LIGHTSHIP
OH, I don't mind it in the least.
To be anchored in front of the
Golden Gate for three months
and never going ashore is to me
just like taking a long sea voy
age. The only difference is that
in this case you don't get anywhere."
The speaker was Captain A. J. Low
ell, master of the handsome new light
ship San Francisco, that within a few
days will be anchored out on the bar
to replace the time-honored whistling
buoy. At present the new lightship is
laid up beside the wharf at Goat Island
receiving the last finishing touches be
fore going on her station as part of the
United States Lighthouse Department.
These are busy times out on the new
vessel, for there is a great deal to be
done yet in spite of the fact that the
craft has been declared to be "finished."
About twenty men are now at work on
her. Machinists are "turning over" the
engines, electricians are examining dy
namos and testing lights and wires,
carpenters are finishing woodwork and
painters are giving the last touches
here and there.
The entire crew has already been se
lected, and they are a willing and
able-bodied corps of men. The vessel
will be in charge of Captain A. J. Low
ell. Julius Huebner will be first mate,
Charles A. Lee chief engineer and Al
bert H. Pep er assistant. Stephen Case
and Jefferson Todd will be firemen.
There will be six seamen, as follows:
John Fallon, D. McCarthy, Severin T.
Orindersen, T. Winters, Fred Pniss
rr.ann and Charles Carlson. A. O. Chris
field will act as cook.
All of these men have taken up their
quarters on the new vessel, and are
ready and willing to go to sea at any
tin^— even if they do run the chance
oAt getting ashore again for several
fl^k?. Furthermore, they are all
proud of their new ship.
Arid they have good reason to be
proud of her, for she is one of the finest
lightships afloat. There are only two
that equal her and none that is her su
perior. The San Francisco, No. 70, is
a sister ship of ships 68 and 69. The
form r is anchored off Diamond Shoals
on the Atlantic coast and the latter off
Firr- Island, near the entrance to New
York harbor. The three vessels were
built out of the same appropriation,
from the same specifications, and axe
all exactly alike in every particular.
The Pan Francisco Is as trim a look
ing vessel as ever a sailor clapped his
eyes on. She is 114 feet long and 30
foot beam.. Built entirely of steel with
copper bottom and bilge keels, and on
the lines that have been found to be
the best adapted to the service, she
is strong enough to -weather any storm
that has ever blown in the history of
man.
The new lightship carries two masts
and on the top of each there is a crow's
nest containing three electric lamps.
The power plant consists of an engine
to drive the propeller wheel, engines
and dynamos for the signal lamps and
for lighting the vessel, machinery for
fogbell and automatic foghorn. There
is also steam gear for handling the two
big anchors. In fact, nothing that mod
ern science can suggest has been
omitted from*this vessel. She is simply
perfect.
Nor is the mechanical part all that
Uncle Sam has looked out for. He
has also considered the comfort of
his men and endeavored to make their
lot as agreeable and pleasant as the
circumstances will permit of.
There are two cabins. One la locat
ed jyuidships and the other takes up
the afterpart of the vessel. Both are
as finely finished as the cabins of many
first class passenger steamers. And
they are every bit as clean and com*
fortable. The captain's cabin is a gem
in its way, and the main saloon is fitted
with big cushions and easy lounge*.
Each man has a stateroom to himself
and if he Js not comfortable it is his
own fault.
"The fo'castle is the finest fo'castle I
ever saw, and I have been on board
many fine ships." is the way one of the
seamen described his new quarters. Ana
when a sailor talks that way no fur
ther praise or comment is necessary.
The cooks' galley is as perfect in ap
pointments as the cuisine of the Pal
ace Hotel, 'and the cook says the crew
is going to eat as well as the guests of
that famous hostelry do. Which being
the case it is safe to say there will b»
no insubordination among the sailors.
All will be as happy and obedient as
if the millennium had come.
But how do these men look upon
their possible imprisonment on the ves
sel for months at a time? The ques
tion was asked of several, and all had
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
a different answer. The service calls
for three months on board ship and a
month's shore leave. But, of course, it
may be that after a man's three months
are up the weather will be so bad he
cannot leave the vessel. This may
keep him on board some weeks longer,
so that there is no telling how long
he may be on board at a stretch.
None of the crew have ever been on
board a lightship, but all seem to real
ize what their lot is to be after they
once get anchored out on the bar.
"When the weather is fine it will be
like paradise," said the mate. "We will
have very little work to do and can lie
on deck in the sunshine and let our
ship swing. We can listen to the water
gurgling under her keel and hear the
sea birds scream as they fly about.
There will always be ships and tug
boats in sight, so that I don't think we
will be lonesome."
"But when the weather is bad?"
"Oh, I don't think about that. It's
going to be nice for some months now
and when winter comes we will be
used to it and not mind. Besides our
vessel has bilge keels and carries sea
anchors, so she will not roll very much.
And if the weather become very rough
we can steam ahead so that she will
take the seas nicely and it will be just
like taking a long voyage."
"I have never been on board a light
ship," said one of the oldest members
of the crew, "but I have been anchored
in a gale for days at. a time and I tell
you there is no fun in it. I do not ex
pect our life aboard the new ship to be
like taking a pleasure trip. But it's my
business and I am glad to do it. This
is the best job I have ever had, and I
will be glad to stick to it.
"When I think of my past experience,
though, it seems awful. You have no
idea how monotonous it gets when the
weather is bad. Everything about the
ship gets damp and cold and ho-w sho
does roll. Day and night and night and
day the never-ending movement keeps
up. Now it is on one side and now on
the other. Now she pitches up and
now she pitches down. Then something
gets the matter with one of the lamps
and you have to go aloft in rain and
darkness while the whole world seems
swinging beneath you. The days drag
on so that you forget all about the cal
endar and can only wonder what is
going on in the world that is so near
and yet so far. But when a fog comes
up and the bells and whistles are going
day and night, then our troubles will
begin. But I don't want to talk abo-ut
that. At least not until my business
compels me to, I say, though, isn't this
a fine ship we have? She's the fin««t I
ever saw."
Whatever any of the men thought of
the long, monotonous days that they
must spend on board the new lightship
out on the rolling bar all were anxious
to get out there and get to work.
If all goes well the new lightship will
be anchored on her station before the
7th of next month. And there she la
ted to remain, unless some serious
accident happens to the machinery.
pitching and rolling in the angry waves
for six long years.
KANSAS CRUSADE
AGAINST
GUM CHEWING.
THEY are always doing something
"different" in Kansas. When they
are not fighting grasshoppers or
electing farmer legislators they
are doing something else out of
the ordinary.
The latest is a crusade against the
habit of chewing gum.
It broke out almost simultaneously
in two different parts of the State.
At Pleasanton one of the teachers in
the public schools found that nearly
half of her pupils had become Inveter
ate gum-chewers.
She deprecated the habit and pleaded
with them to stop it, but all to no avail.
She resolved to adopt heroic measures.
A few mornings ago she supplied
herself with a liberal quantity of
quinine.
When the pupils assembled several cf
them were working their submaxil
laries at a lively gait.
The teacher waited until the morning
session had convened, and then com
pelled the gum-chewers to disgorge
their quids.
A nice, white coating of quinine was
applied to each wad of gum and then
they were not only urged but coerced
into a resumption of the process of
mastication.
But the gum had lost its good, sweet
taste.
After the recalcitrants had been
sufficiently punished the teacher al
lowed them to remove their cuds, but
since that time there has been no gum
chewing in that particular room of the
Pleasanton public school, whatever the
pupils may do on the outside.
About the same time Rev. A. S. Em
bree of Topeka conceived a violent dis
like for the gum-chewing habit, and de
termined to raise his voice against it
as a public nuisance and a blot on the
community.
This he did, both in his pulpit and
through the newspapers, and for sev
eral days there has been a violent dis
cussion of the subject in Topeka. Many
people are not inclined to the belief
that chewing gum is either foolish, un
wise or sinful, and the chances are that
the practice will not be wiped out at
once.
However. President A. H. Taylor of
the State Normal has taken a hand in
the crusade, and has given his moral
and personal support to the Rev. Mr.
Embree in his efforts to eradicate the
gum-chewing habit and cause a slump
in the tutti frutti market.
In a private letter 10 a friend at To
peka. President Taylor says:
"Chewing gum is as nasty a habit as
the use of tobacco, and a gum-chewer
becomes as addicted to the habit as a
tobacco-chewer. Then it is always
stuck on the furniture and looks bad.
I am putting forth my best efforts for
the abolishment of the habit here."
From which statement it would ap
pear that a gum-chewer will never be
able to make a hit with President
Taylor.
HER. MAJESTY'S "JOLLY"
AND THE AMERICAN TAR
IF there is one thing more than an
other which the present interna
tional crises has brought home to
the people of the United States, it
is the need of a properly trained
fighting force to man our navy.
Ships we have in plenty; we
are justly proud of our White
Navy, which includes some of the most
powerful battleships to be found in the
world, and money to provide as many
more as may be needed can be had in
abundance.
But thoughtful people, whose minds
are not unhinged by the frantic shriek
ing of the yellow jingoes, are begin
ning to ask themselves, what good
will these ships be to us unless we have
men competent to sail and fight them?
It is little use to answer that in the
event of war breaking out volunteers
could be obtained by the thousand. Of
course they could. Our patriotic spirit
is strong enough to induce every man
on the coast line of the Union, whether
in the Atlantic or the Pacific, to offer
his services.
Among nations the United States is
the only naval power which has not
long since recognized the change in the
conditions of sea life wrought by the
introduction of steam and iron plating.
Every continental power has made
ample provision for the scientific train
ing of its sailors. France, Germany and
Italy found the problem easy to solve,
as the conscription placed the whole
seafaring population of the coasts at
the disposal of the naval authorities.
But in England the adoption of a new
system was not so easy, because, since
the time of the press gang, the idea of
compulsory service, whether in army
or navy, has never met with favor in
the eyes of the British public.
It is with England, therefore, we
must make our comparison, the condi
tion of each country being analagou3.
The people rule in each land, the spirit
of liberty is abroad, and the adoption
of the conscription is an equal impos
sibility in either case. Therefore the
navy must be manned by volunteers,
but the volunteers can no longer be
drawn from the mature men of the
mercantile marine. The special duties
involved render it necessary' that the
training should be commenced while
young, the younger the better.
Long ago the British Board of Ad
miralty recognized this fact, and ini
tiated a system of recruiting and train
ing boys which has proved successful
even beyond the hopes of its pro
moters.
In the British army short service has
been tried, though with indifferent suc
cess. But in the navy such a system
was manifestly impossible; more than
a few years are required to make a
perfect modern sailor, and once trained
it is obviously to the advantage of the
State to retain the man's services for
as kng a period as possible. At first,
when boys were recruited, the term of
service was ten years after the age of
18. Now it has been lengthened to 12
years, and every inducement is held
out to the men to re-engage for a fur
ther term of service.
There are recruiting stations at Lon
don and most of the principal seaport
towns, and the conditions of admission
to the service are by no means strin
gent. The boy must be between 15 a.nd
16% years of age; he must be able to
produce his certificate of birth and the
written consent of his parents or guar
dians to his enlistment.
Once admitted to the service the
State becomes his guardian, and the
parents have no more to say in the
matter. Of course, there is a strict
medical examination, and fair physical
qualifications are Insisted on. Accord
ing to age the height must be not less
than 5 feet to 5 feet 3%, and the chest
measurement from 30 to 32% inches.
Starting thus with a good basis of
health and stamina to work upon, the
admiralty takes the lad under its en
tire charge and proceeds to mold him
into a first-class English seaman. The
lad is fed on the best of food, his ail
ments are attended to by skilled doc
tors, he leads the healthiest of lives,
and his whole frame is developed by
the constant exercise involved In the
system of training. This, too, at the
most critical period of his life, for the
making of the man depends entirely
upon the treatment received by the
lad.
It is no wonder that he grows up Into
a fine, well-proportioned man; in the
whole crew of a British man-of-war it
is impossible to find a weedy or ill pro
portioned individual.
Of course, being under constant ob
servation during the entire period of
training, the lads of a sickly or un
wholesome disposition are soon weed
ed out, and the service knows them no
more. The training is largely car
ried on in sailing vessels, for despite
the fact that canvas is an obsolete fac
tor in naval warfare, many authorities
still hold that the qualities developed
by the old methods of navigation ar«
the best preparation for service under
the new regime. Little sailing brigs
may be constantly seen cruising in
and out of the great Southern dock
yards of Portsmouth and Plymouth,
and upon these handy vessels the boys
acquire readiness and resource, be
come used to prompt action and obedi
ence, and learn in moments of difficulty
and danger the invaluable quality of
self-reliance.
When the boy reaches the age of
18 he is admitted as an ordinary sea
man upon one of the regular ships of
the navy, and upon his own ability his
whole career depends. He may, if he
lacks smartness, never rise above the
rank of able seaman, or he may, if he
possesses sufficient ability, rise to be a
warrant officer. This Is the highest
he can get, the commissioned ranks are
absolutely barred to him. In the army
a soldier is sometimes promoted to be
an officer, but in the navy no such ad
vancement is possible.
The result of this system, carried on
for a number of years, is that the
British man-of-war sailor has become
a class all to himself. There are close
upon a hundred thousand men sailing
on British warships, and every one
belongs to the service and to the ser
vice only. No interloper is admitted
to their rank; the merchant sailor Is
never, as in the old days, shipped by
men-of-war. Entering as boys the
men have never known any other ser
vice, the State is their foster nurse,
the Board of Admiralty their guard
ian.
Under these conditions a most amaz
ing esprit de corps is developed, dis
cipline is readily maintained, because
the men from earliest years have been
accustomed to the severest form of it.
If there is anything stricter than the
rule which prevails on board an Eng
lish man-of-war, I have never met
with it. Yet. remarkably enough, in
spite of this stringency the system de
velops, to a marked degree, the habits
of sobriety and good order. I have
seen more than a thousand sailors on
leave together In the streets of Syd
ney, exposed to every temptation
which the slums of a great city can
furnish. Yet there was hardly a visi
ble case of drunkenness, not a sign of
riot or disorder anywhere, and the
black lists of the vessels on the fol
lowing morning would record but half
a dozen cases of excess. Of course, I
do not mean to assert that the British
man-of-war's man never gets drunk,
but, as Mulvaney would say, he knows
how to carry his liouor like a man.
By contrast with this orderly, well
organized method of recruiting, the
United States system of shipping men
for a three-years' commission seems
haphazard and slipshod. And per
haps the greatest of all advantages
of the British system Is that it pre
serves the nationality of the navy. The
mercantile marine of England is large
ly manned by foreigners, the navy en
tirely by Englishmen. No foreigner
can obtain a berth in one of her Ma
jesty's ships, and Uncle Sam, his pat
riotism recently aroused, desires also
to man his licet with men of American
nationality only.
2526
SOCIETY.
A LUNCHEON was given on board ]
the United States revenue cut
ter Corwin on Monday after
noon by Lieutenant B. M. Ches
well. Among the guests were:
Mr and Mrs. Proctor, Mr. and
Mrs. Cullen, the Misses Blankart, Lieu
tenant Billard. Captain Herring. Lieu
tenant Überroth and Assistant Engineer
Rock. , , _,  I
The engagement is announced of E. M.
Van Frank, superintendent of the Sutro
Railroad Company, and Miss Lucy A.
Henning. a daughter of Mrs Matilda
Henning. widow of the late William Hen
ning The bride resides with her mother
at 12 Lexington avenue. It will be an Eas
ter wedding. _ T _
Miss Eva Harris, daughter of Hon B.
F Harris formerly of Calaveras, now of
fhls eft"*' and Di-r E. M. Stealey, were
married on Wednesday at the »ome_of
{he bride's parents. 321 Lyon street. The
bride wore a handsome gown of white
moire silk, and was attended by her sis
ter Miss Anne Hawes, as bridesmaid.
William Pray acted as best man, while
Uttle MissZita Hawes and Mildred Hawes
were the flower children. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. Dr. Farrand,
pastor of Howard Presbyterian Church
P The University of California Glee. Banjo
and Mandolin clubs will give their first
concert since the recent reorganization
nf the three clubs into the Musical Asso
ciation of the University of California on
Friday evening. April 1. The names of
nearly a score of prominent society
women of Oakland and Berkeley appear
in the list Of patronesses. -Among them
are- Mrs. Isaac L. Requa, Mrs. •wui
%T»ff«x» Mr« A M. Rosborough, Mrs.
Georee W Baker. Mrs. W. F William- |
I!., Mrs. Thomas Crellin Mrs. H C.
Taft, Mrs. W. H. Creed, Mrs C . %***•
mer Mrs. A. W. Haynes, Mrs. W. E.
Sharon Mrs F. M. Smith. Mrs. \\ . H.
ChickerinirMrs. A. A. Moore and Mrs.
H The' newb""organized Musical Associa
tion is composed as follows: _ w . h , tpr
General manager. Hugh McC. ™™*™£
president. Oao T. Wedemeyer Glee Cub
- First tenor, Benjamin Bakewell. Allen
Smith. Charles Elston, Henry Hr zard:
Second tenor, a H. Donnell. Harold
Svmmes, Hartley Peart; first bass, O. T.
Wedemeyer. S. T. Elston, S. Raw ins;
B econd lass. D. A Picotte. Charles Trip
ler H F. Freeman. H. McC Webster;
director, Allen Smith; accompanist Rao
Hanna. Mandolins, J. K. Baird, 11. 1.
Rooney, C R. Morse, F. White, F. C.
Pache, L. F. Eaton; guitars, Allen Smith,
L T Wagner, Charles Elston, L. F. Ea- I
ton; banjos, A. L. Hart, F. W. Phelps C.
B Morse, D. S. Rosener: cello, Edward G.
Kuster; director, C. R. Morse.
Among those sailing on the steamship
Moana Wednesday, March 23, were:
For Honolulu— T. J. Birch. Miss A. Bur
bank, Miss Mary Burbank, George P.
Castle Miss Lillian Crocker, George S.
Evans, George H. Falrchild, wife, two
children and nurse. W. R. Farrington
and wife, R. Fleischman and wife. Miss
M. E. Killeau, Miss H. T. Leighton, F.
W. Macfarlane and son, A. R. Nickels,
L S. Prior. Miss A. W. Rankin. W. Ran
kin J. G. Roth well. Mrs. Seidmore. R. C.
Scott. Mrs. A. M. Sheldon and maid. Wil
liam Btoddart, H. D. Stone and wife, V.
D. Williamson, E. A. Young, F. Young,
J. W. Young.
For Auckland— F. E. Baume, Miss B.
Brawn, Alexander Goodlet. Thomas
Goodlet, A. 11. Johnson and wife, Miss M.
A. Lynn.
For Sydney— Mrs. C. W. Carleton, Col.
Farrell and wife. Miss Farrell, A. H.
Hale, C. C. Kelly. H. H. Kingsbury, W.
A. Koneman and wife, Durward Lely and
wife, Charles Mark. 11. wife, two children
and nurse, Miss Mary McCrimmon, W. B.
Mlddleton, F. E. Miller, wife and two
children, G. Pellssier, W. C. Quinby, E.
M. Scoville. Julian Shoemaker.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— F. C.
Mitchell, W. P. Whitley.
Jheu're Engaged.
The engagement is to-day announced of
Miss Bessie F. Heffron and Arthur
Dietle. The bride is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Heffron, formerly j
of Virginia City, Nev. The frroom is the ,
son of the late Charles Dietle.
Home QatKerings.
An enjoyable gathering at the home of
Mrs. A. Megahan, 1632 Webster' street,
Oakland, last Saturday evening was the
occasion of a reception to Miss Selma
Bibs of Pleasanton, who has been spend- |
"OFF TO SEA" SIGNALS ON THE BATTLE
SHIP OREGON,
Continued from Page Nineteen.
these guns, two forward and two aft;
their long muzzles can be seen project
ing far beyond the turrets. For every
gun 100 rounds of shell has to be car
ried, and this means a weight of over
200 tons.
Then there are the eight-inch guns
in the smaller turrets, the six-inch
guns, the rapid-firing six-pounders and
all the numerous maclfine guns which
go to complete the secondary battery
and which are intended to play havoc
with any torpedo-boat or unarmored
vessel which may come within range.
These weapons all require supplies. In
action they would eat up cartridges
with the greatest voracity, and the re
sult is that there are over 400 tons of
ammunition of all kinds in the maga
zines.
On the upper deck of the central cita
del, or armored battery, wherein all the
fighting power of the ship is concen
trated, the sailors may be seen giving
the finishing touches to the six-pounder
rapid-firing guns which frown over the
breastwork. They are dainty, danger
ous little w£apons, for, though they are
light enough to be handled with the ut
most ease, their shell is heavy enough
to pierce the skin of any vessel not
protected by armor. One of these pro
jectiles, striking the boiler or engines,
is quite sufficient to disable, if not sink,
a torpedo-boat.
To make sure that everything is all
right a crew of four sailors is going
through drill with the gun, and our
photograph shows clearly the manner
in which it is worked. The captain of
the gun directs it by means of a pro
jecting arm, against which he presses
his shoulder, and so acurately is the
weapon balanced that the slightest
force will swing it from side to side,
elevate or depress it, as desired. It can
be aimed quite as readily as a small
rifle and fired as quickly. Another man
operates the breech mechanism, insert
ing the cartridges as they are handed
up to him by a third member of the
crew. All the captain of the gun has to
do is to aim and pull the trigger, and,
■with a practiced crew, as many as
twenty rounds a minute can be fired
from this death-dealing little weapon.
Another reason for all the bustle on
board is an important change which is
being mado in the armament of the
crew. Sailors have rifles as well as big
guns wherewith to deal damage to an
enemy, but hitherto the only small arm
on board the ship has been the old
fashioned Lee rifle.
In view of present emergencies, the
naval authorities have substituted a f^r
more modern and effective weapon. The
tug Unadilla is alongside, and a string
of sailors are busy passing out th<- 6M
rifles and their ammunition and taking
on board the new guns. The rifle is a
marvel of compact mechanism. It is
light and easy to handle, and has an
extremely bore, firing a bullet
about the size of a pea. But this little
bullet will reach a range of 2000 yards,
and will penetrate at half that distance
three feet of timber. Attached to the
breech of the rille is a small magazine.
In which five cartridges, held in a metal
clip, can be placed at once. Just as in a
Winchester, one pull on the breech lf>ver
ing the winter in Oakland, sketching, and
pursuing art studies. A test of skill in
whist occupied the major part of the
evening, refreshments being served to
victors and vanquished after the game.
Mrs. A. B. Bennison proved to be the
champion placer, and to her was award
ed the first prize. Mrs. W. L. Calkins'
abbreviated score entitled her to the
booby prize — a candlestick and taper with
the legend "more light." The players
were: Mr. and Mrs. E. B. MeeK, Mr.
and Mrs. C. W. Hopkins; Mr. and Mrs.
G. D. Hildebrand, Mr. and Mrs. A. B.
Bennison. Mr. and Mrs. A. Megahan, Mrs.
YV. L. Calkins, Misses Winnie and Ellen
McFarland, Miss Selma Bilz, Mrs. G. W.
Sullivan. G. A. Laumeister.
Miss Eva Dempsey held a gathering at
her home on Saturday evening. Musical
selections, games and dancing prevailed.
Refreshments were served during the
evening, and at midnight an elaborate
supper was spread, after which dancing
was resumed until morning. Those pres
ent were: Miss Ella Dempsey, Miss May
Dempsey, Miss Josle C. Joslin, Miss
Birdie Vine, Mrs. Shea, Miss Marie Al
mon, Miss Mamie Cusick, Miss Daisy
Cole, Horace Cline, Granville Hadley,
James Sullivan, David Wayte, John Cur
ran, Sydney Hayes, Joe Doyle and Harry
Walsh.
Miss Annie Stone was the recipient of
a surprise party given by her friends at
her residence, 1530 California street, last
Sunday night. During the evening the
guests were favored with songs by the
Imperial Quartet of Berkeley, assisted
by the Waldorf Musical Club. At mid
night a repast was partaken of, after
which games and general merry making
was resumed. Among those present
were: Miss Viola AVeber, Miss May
Campbell. Miss Inez Farland, Miss Mabel
Lyons, Miss Minnie Newell, Miss Sadie
Mulker, Miss Edith Snowden, Miss Maud
Snowden, Miss Annie White, Miss Pau
line Whitney, Miss Dollie Webster, Miss
May Bonner, Miss Annie Stone, Miss
Flossie Green, Miss Celia Plageman, Miss
Agnes Wagner, Miss May Commings,
Paul Titus, Phil Clayton, T. Wilson,
Max Reinhart, Sam Hoffman, Abe Rein
hart, Sol Wiseman. M. Flavor, Roland
Stampler, C. Snowden, Ned Smith, R.
Helfanan, G. Goodman, C. Fuller, L. Hy
mao, E. Sherve, Frank Raymond and
Tom Powers.
The young friends of Miss Hazel A.
Terry were entertained last Saturday
evening, March 19, at her residence, 2104
Mason street in honor of her fourteenth
birthday anniversary. An elegant col
lation was served to the young guests
after the festivities of the evening.
A very pleasant surprise party was
given to Miss Cora Mitchell at her resi
dence, i»34 York street, Saturday evening,
March 19. Among the guests were Mr.
and Mrs. H. Mitchell, Mr. and Mrs. G.
Hansen, Mr. and Mrs. Keller, Mr. and
Mrs. S. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, Mr.
and Mrs. P. Smith. Mrs. Taylor, Mrs.
Calderwood, Mr. and Mrs. R. Kuhl, Mr.
and Mrs. Borree, Miss May Burress, Miss
Elsie Suedens, Aaiss Annie Keller, Misa
Jennie McAdams. Miss Mary Leonard,
Miss Cora Christie, Miss Bessie Long,
Miss Bertha Jensen, Miss Irene Mills,
Miss Annie Boyson, Miss Meta Wilson,
Miss Annie Hansen, Miss H. Keller, Peter
Rohde, Martin Madson, Victor Burress,
Oliver McAdams, Frank Taylor, Charles
Plambeek, Charlie Quedens, Mat Schon,
A. Johnson, Bob Selig, Walter Hlrup, W.
Smith, Jounny Stein. Charles Ludlow,
Harry Mitchell and Harry Hansen.
A very pleasant affair took place at
the home of F. Harry Draper, 812 Twen
ty-second street, on the 14th inst. The
house was handsomely decorated for the
occasion with ferns and flowers. The
parlors were utilized for dancing, after
which a sumptuous repast was served.
One of the features of the evening was
the Draper Glee Club, assisted by Edgar
Foy, mandolin, and F. Harry Draper,*
guitar. A cradle song was rendered by
Mrs. Will Bloomheart. There was also
fancy dancing by Miss Nettie Draper, a
recitation by Frank Van Dorsen of San
Jose, piano duet by Mrs. Allie Baxter
and Mrs. Charles Dunweber of Monterey,
and a clarionet solo by Professor Owen
Paul of Mcl rose.
A very enjoyable birthday party was
given to Miss Gertie Rotholtz by her
parents, at her residence, 627 Hayes
street, Sunday afternoon, March 20.
Among those present were Miss Sylvia
Kresteller. Miss Irene Sullivan, Miss
Grace Rotholtz, Miss Regina Lafee, Miss
Lois Underwood, Miss Ruby Friedberg,
Miss Myra Fass, Miss Clemense Marx,
Miss May Lewis, Miss Tessie Weingarten.
Miss Miriam Levingston, Miss Rosalie
Goldstein, Jakie Blum, Milton Bernard,
Walker Plantz, Arthur Weingarten, Mor
ton Kresteller, Paul Lesser of Oakland,
ejects the usual cartridge and inserts a
new one, so that five shots can be fired
consecutively in the briefest space of
time.
Sixteen hundred tons of coal are al
ready safely stowed below in the ca
pacious bunkers of the warship; but
the task of coaling has left its traces
all over the upper decks. Lailors are
busy everywhere touching up the paint
work and polishing the brass rails of
the superstructure; the decks are still
moist from the hard scrubbing which
they have recently undergone, and the
ship will soon be as clean and white
as on the first day when she left the
dockyard.
Everybody is not preparing for fight
ing, though. The arts of peace as well
us of war are being cultivated, and the
sailor with the sewing-machine is car
rying on a distinctly pacific trade. A
sewing-machine seems strangely out of
place on board an ironclad, yet many
sailors possess the little hand-machines
and are very dexterous in their use.
The man is making up thick blue serge
frocks, which will doubtless prove use
ful when the vessel gets through the
tropics and encounters the biting blasts
of the Antarctic off Cape Horn.
Forward, under the shelter of the
breastwork which rises above the deck,
there is quite a little gathering of men,
who, for some reason or other, have
nothing to do. Many of them are on
the sick list; one poor young fellow had
his hand smashed through a shell
dropping on It. Some have been on
guard durir/g the night, and are, there
fore, relieved during the day.
But all are happy and jolly, and ex
ulting over the prospect of a brush
with Spain. They exchange rude sailor
jokes one with the other, and even the
man who is shaving is not allowed to
perform this delicate operation in peace.
"When the photographer proceeds de
liberately to focus his camera upon him
he is bidden to put more lather on, and
he responds bj' sticking a great dab of
the creamy white soap on the tip of his
nose. Altogether, he is a most ridic
ulous-looking individual, and not a bit
sailorlike, though I suppose shaving is
just as much part of a sailor's discip
line as gun drill or general quarters.
As the day wears -on and it becomes
known that the battle-ship is to leave
for the south at daylight on the mor
row the officers on the quarter-deck
have a busy time stalling off intruders.
Boat after boat, laden with friends, or
it may be sweethearts of gallant
tars, comes alongside, the occupants,
in defiance of all rules and regulations,
striving to obtain one last word with
the men who so soon are to sail away.
Sometimes a pretty face and a tearful
eye melt the heart of the officer of the
day, and an interview is permitted, but
more often the visitors have to row
back disappointed. Who knows when
they may see their dear ones again?
Apart from the chances of battle, the
Oregon, having once rounded the Horn,
may never return to the Pacific station.
The exigencies of naval service may
keep her in the Atlantic, but wherever
she is, we may rest satisfied that she
will be serving the Union faithfully
and well. J. F. ROSE- SOLE Y.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
Charles Rebholtz. Mrs. C. Rotholtz. Mrs
Sullivan. Mrs. Lesser. Miss Lnderwood
and Miss F. Rotholtz.
Miss J. Elgie Mathewson gave a very
enjoyable party at her home, the Hotel
Clifton, corner Sutter and Powell streets,
to her relatives and friends, Friday even
ing. March 18. Music and dancing were
the features of the evening, after which
refreshments were served.
An informal reception was held at the
home of Mrs. Paul, San Leandro road,
on the 21st inst.. in honor of visiting
friends. The hostess was assisted by
Miss Mabel Paul and Miss Dean Paul.
The dance hall was decorated with laurel,
evergreen and mustard blossoms, while
the dining hall and parlors were hand
somely decorated with American beauty
roses "and ferns. At 9:30 o'clock an elab
orate supper was served in the spacious
dining rooms. The evening was most
pleasantly spent with dancing, music,
games and singing. During the evening
there was a serenade.
Ciub Parties.
The Young Musicians' Club, a club of
children, held its meeting on Saturday
last at the home of Miss May Schlutter,
765 Capp street. Interesting musical num
bers by Beethoven, Heller, Emery. Schu
mann, Reinecke and Greig were rendered
by May Schlutter, Florence Nachtrieb,
Ethel Peltret, Fanny and Elva Woodman,
Helen Carter, Winnie Moody. Iva Knowl-
ton and Edith Standart. Refreshments
and games followed the musical pro
gramme. Besides the children the fol
lowing adults attended the meeting: Mrs.
and Miss Schlutter. Mrs. Carter. Miss
Peltret and Miss Dlserens. The following
is the programme in full:' Piano solo, Nel
Cor Piu variations (Beethoven), May
Schlutter; piano solo— (a) "L' Avalanche"
(Stephen Heller), (b) "Gondollied" (Hein
rich Stiehl). (c) "Fingertwist" (Stephen
Emery), Florence Nachtrieb; piano solo,
"Pizzicati" (Delibes), Irene Muzzy; piano
solo, "Mignon Valse," Ethel Peltret; piano
solo — (a) "The Joyous Peasant" (Schu
mann), (b) from "The Thousand and One
Nights" (Reinecke). Elva Woodman; pi
ano solo "Allegro Varie." Helen Carter;
piano solo, "Sonatina VIII" (Beethoven),
Winnie Moody; piano duet, "La Grace"
(C. Bohm), Elva and Fanny Woodman:
piano solo — (a) "Norwegian Serenade"
WILDCAT SCHEMES TO CATCH UNWARY KLONDIKERS.
JUST now Alaskan schemes are being actively worked by
ingenious promoters to catch the unwary with more dol
lars than sense. The East is being strewn with the
spring wreckage of these "wildcat" traps. The "Ice and
Snow Transportation Company" of Chicago and Seattle
has just gone to pieces and the managers are in the way
to be prosecuted for obtaining money under false pretenses.
The present excitement over the gold mines of Alaska has
produced a fresh crop of inventions of greater or less utility —
generally of less— and one who tries to keep track of them is
amazed by the combination of Ignorance and ingenuity that is
displayed on every side. Men who have never been within two
or three thousand miles of Alaska; men who never saw a
placer mine and have only the faintest Idea of what it is like;
men who apparently have not a practical idea in their heads,
are able to convince others that their particular enterprise fs
"just the thing," and hundreds of thousands or dollars are be
ing spent on enterprises which will never by any i>ossibiJity
return a cent to the credulous dupes who put their money into
them.
Some of the enterprises of the kind noted are actually hu
morous. They are simply laughable. Of such a character is
one which has been introduced to the notice of the public in
the East by means of an illustrated pamphlet, a few copies of
which have found their way to this coast.
This pamphlet sets forth the advantages and expected ac
complishments of what is called a "portable Arctic placer mill."
To say that the design is unique and original a glance at the
accompanying illustrations will show.
Here we have a three-story house (with all the modern
conveniences, at: will be shown further along), built on the deck
of a barge measuring some 35 feet beam by 120 feet In length.
Besides these three stories, the hold of the vessel, which is 8
feet deep, comprises another story. It is all substantially built
and must weigh many hundreds of tons. Yet the prospectus
gravely assures the credulous reader that being provided with
seven or eight ice or .snow runners from stem to stern it can
travel of itself on land as well as on water.
To quote from the circular: "It will propel itself up rivers,
rapids and creeks, can be taken over falls not over fifty feet
high, when required, and through canyons having a width of
41 feet. On reasonably smooth ice or snow it will travel at a
speed of five to ten miles an hour and navigate water at the
same rate of speed."
Fancy such a ponderous and clumsy structure as this going
either up or down a waterfall "not over fifty feet in height."
Imagine it crawling out of the water and taking to the shore,
not to mention the woods, at a speed of five to ten miles an
hour in a country so rugged as Alaska, or any other country,
for that matter. Yet the prospectus assures the readers that
the combined house and ship will travel over rocks, logs and
SCIENTISTS AND MINERS ON THE WAY TO
THE NEW TURQUOISE MINES,
mentary to ever allow even of a closer I
study. The record of the Inca Indians '
was made by the aid of ropes, called j
quipus, and were certainly not in any j
way phonetic, but merely indicated '
a more or less purely mathematical j
record of accounts and tales, etc. After
the conquest several efforts of the na- |
tives were made in producing phonetic
writing, but none of these succeeded In j
being established, or even survived its
Inventor.
But while we thus cannot claim for
the Indian writings any phonetic value,
the fact must yet remain that through
this writing — picture writing, or rebus
writing, or numerical writing, as of the
Mayas — an Immense amount of records
has been preserved, which, if properly
deciphered, as It undoubtedly will be
some time, must reveal to us facts in
connection with the ancient inhabi
tants of this continent which cannot
fail to be of the very highest Interest
to every student of this continent and
its native races.
We may well now ask ourselves j
with astonishment why no effort has !
been made by any one to collect and
properly study the Indian writings —
picture writings though they may be —
of this Coast. Rock paintings are nu
merous in California, but writings like
these around the turquoise mines are
comparatively few.
The principal interest connected with
these picture writings or hieroglyphics
around the turquoise mines is their
enormous number and their fine state
of preservation.
Nowhere else on this continent can
such a large number of glyphs be re
corded from such a limited territory.
Another great value of these writ
| (Ole Olsen), (b) "Folkevise" (Grieg), Iva
Knowlton. .
A party of young people of this city
have organized themselves into La Viola
Dramatic Social Club and chosen the fol
i lowing officers: Miss Allce/Lowrie, presi
dent; Miss Daisy Falconer, vice-president;
i Miss Ethel Tabrett, secretary; Miss Lil
! lian Friedberg. treasurer, and Miss Alice
Gordon, pianist. Under the direction of
Miss Adair the young people will give
dramatic entertainments and socials at
' no distant day.
A J*ur\ Ovter the flills..
The first "run"' of the season was given
| last Sunday by the young ladies of the
| Ste. Netouche Club on the Piedmont hills.
i All came home heavily laden with wild
: flowers of every description and color.
| When the young ladies arrived in the city
I they repaired to a -restaurant where all
did justice to the sumptuous repast which
had been spread. Those who participated
in the day's outing were the Misses
Juanita Castellar, Emma Niles, Hazel Dell
Brown, Belle Rustymeyer. Margaret Gar
rett, Daisy Armer and Jessica Kramer.
Luncheons.
On Saturday last Mrs. Hamilton Smith
i gave an elaborate luncheon at the Palace
I Hotel In honor of her daughter, Miss
j Edith Congreve and her niece, Miss Car
| ter. After the luncheon the party was
j pleasantly entertained by "The Mysteri
ous Mr. Bugle" at the Baldwin. Those
comprising the party were: Miss A very.
| Miss Currier, Miss Thornton, Misses
Sophie and Alice Borel, Miss Blakeman,
Miss Florence Coleman, Miss Lottie
j Woods, Miss Zeile, Miss Grace Boret,
j Miss Maud Woods, Miss Ethel Feeny, Miss
Sara Coleman, Miss Carter and Miss Con
greve. ■■ , ■ ■ ■■
Del jYlor\te.
DEL MONTE. March 26.— the Lenten
season draws nearer Its close this de-
I lightful resort becomes gayer, and the
j pleasures found hereabouts in a measure
bridge over the dullness that always
comes upon things social between Ash
I Wednesday and Easter. A number of
prominent society people of San Francisco
and New York are here for the remainder
of Lent, and every day little events are
Continued from Page 17.
ings is the great number and variety
of the signs, and also the great similar
ity of many of the signs.
We are forced to confess after even
a hasty perusal of these signs that
they have been made, not in a haphaz
ard way. but according to already es
tablished principles, according to an
actual code. In which almost every line
and every dot are of the greatest im
portance In giving value to the sculp
tured characters.
As to the use of the word hieroglyph,
I willingly confess that it is not strictly.
a proper word to use for any of the
writings of the American aborigines.
i The word, which means "sacred writ
ing," should only be applied to the
Egyptian glyphs and not to any others.
But unfortunately It has been and is
yet to-day used by scientists to indi
cate also the writings of the American
aborigines, and in using this word I
merely followed the custom of others.
The proper way would perhaps be to
use the word glyph only.
If we again consider only the mean
ing of the word hieroglyph we must
concede that the word is equally appli
cable to the writings of the American
aborigines as to those of the Egyptians,
as neither writings were strictly sacred,
nor were they writings or records of
only sacred things. A few of them
were, others were historical, mathe
matical, astronomical or simply social.
As to the actual nature of the glyphs
around the turquoise mines no opinion
will be of any real value until the
thousands of glyphs, which are scat
tered over the rocks in their vicinity,
will have been photographed, properly
recorded and subjected to years of
study. GUSTAV EISEN.
planned and carried out to while away
the Quietude of the penitential period.
Several charming teas and al flesco
luncheons have been enjoyed by these
ladies and their attendant swains, and
dinners and Spanish suppers are planned
for the coming week. Business and pleas
ure are keeping well together here now,
for since the railroad men who came to
attend the sessions of the Transconti
nental Freight Bureau arrived, an air of
much and great concern has pervaded
the big hostelry. Most of the prominent
freight officials from all transcontinental
lines are here, and the present convention
will have big results for all lines of com
merce.
Among the prominent San Franciscans
now staying here are Mr. and Mrs.
Charles A. Laton, Mr. and Mrs. D. T.
Murphy, Mrs. F. A. Frank, Mrs. A. J'
Pope, Mr. and Mrs. H. M. A. Miller, Mrs.
M. C. Talbot, A. S. Frank. Miss J. Frank,
Mrs. A. L. Stone, Miss K. Stone, Miss
Flint, Mrs. L. L. Baker and family, Mr.
and Mrs. Wakefield Baker and family
and Mrs. Irving M. Scott.
Some of the New Yorkers are Mrs. J.
Hood Wright, Mrs. John Mark>. W. J.
Smith Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. B. E. Kingsley,
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Brown and family,
Mrs. W. H. Forsythe, Miss Forsythe. Mr.
and Mrs. John S. Lyle, H. Hayden Sands,
Miss J. S. Sands, F. W. Drury, Miss F.
A. Drury.
Gaston E. Bacon, president of the Cali
fornia College of Pharmacy (department
of pharmacy, University of California),
accompanied by his wife, is In Cairo,
Egypt, at present, and will leave shortly
for the Holy Land; they will return to
Europe in about three months, visiting
Italy, Switzerland, France. Germany,
England and Ireland. Mr. Bacon, on his
return, will make a very full report of
his observations regarding pharmacy and
pharmaceutical education In the Old
World. He expects to return to San
Francisco next October. Mr. Bacon has
been interested in pharmaceutical rrtat
ters for many years, he has been presi
dent of the California Druggists' Trade
Association for five terms, president of
the California Pharmaceutical Society,
and president of the Alumni Association
of the College of Pharmacy.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Payot, of Payot,
Upham & Co., were at the Hotel Bristol,
uneven surfaces with the greatest of ease.
Full of interest is the description of the interior fitting of
the affair. The hull is, as stated, a barge of about 35 feet
beam, 120 feet long and eight feet deep. This space Is occupied
first, by a mining well or hole in the center, through which iron
cylinders ten feet In diameter are to be sunk to the bottom of
any stream, and inside of which a great auger Is to be oper
ated for cutting the frozen sand mingled with gold and bring
ing it to the surface. Fourteen of these great iron cylinders
are stored here. Besides these there is an engine and boiler for
operating the capstan and "nigger" which warps the structure
along at a speed of five or ten miles an hour through water or
over land. There are also storage rooms for coal, wood, rope,
chain, etc., the entire outfit in this part of the vessel alone
making a comfortable cargo for a good-sized vessel.
The next floor is fitted up as a workshop, etc., and contains
the following: Two marine engines for operating tne two stern
wheels which propel the vessel while afloat; two other 10-horse
power engines and boilers; a force pump; a suction pump; a
turning lathe ; a metal planer; an emery wheel; a drill; a port
able rock drill; a machinist's bench; an anvil and forge; a
handsaw a circular saw; a wood planer; a carpenter's bench,
;inil a storeroom capable of containing supplies enough for
thirty or forty men for two or three years.
The next story is fitted up as a kitchen, dining room, li
brary, office, safe deposit, bed and bath rooms. The third story
is also fitted up with bed and bath rooms. The library we are
Informed, is abundantly supplied with tables, chairs, lounges,
hammocks, and other appliances for comfort and convenience,
including a dozen packs of playing cards and two boxes of
chips. In the list of supplies we find a cask of whisky, two
barrels of wine, and other "comforts of life," showing that the
occupants mean to have abundance of creature comforts, If
nothing else.
The circular promises like magnificent things in the way of
machinery and incidental supplies.
Yet with all this immense weight of supplies, not to speak
of the weight of the structure itself, we are calmly assured that
there will be no trouble in navigating the Yukon and its tribu
taries with ease and at a speed of five to ten miles an hour.
This notwithstanding the fact that it will draw at least seven
feet of water, while the Yukon in great extent has no more
than two or three feet all told.
Space forbids going into further details of this enterprise.
It should be added that the prospectus gravely assures the
public that several of these wonderful contrivances are already
in existence, and that for the trifling expenditure of $100,000, or
thereabouts, one of them can be built, fitted up, stocked and set
to work rifting the sands of the north of their hidden treasure,
and all at a speed of five to ten miles an hour on land or water.
And perhaps as remarkable as anything is the fact that a
member of Congress, an "honorable" and a bank president or
two have been found to lend their names to the enterprise.
Cairo, and left for Constantinople on
March 3.
A. Thirion of the Comptoir National
(French) Bank has left for Paris on a
Bix months' vacation, to be spent abroad.
He is accompanied by his daughter
Helene.
Mrs. O. L,. Fest of 1616 Turk street has
changed her day at home from Thursday
to Tuesday. Misses Lennle and Mattle
Fest will hereafter receive the first Sun
day evening of each month.
M. G. Tonini, the Italian agent of the
Union Pacific Railroad, is in New York.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee have re
turned from Southern California and will
be the guests of Mr. and Mrs. James
Marvin Curtis of 2518 Union street until
their new house on Broadway is com
pleted.
Mrs. Phil S. Beel has moved to 2128
Bush street.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Horn (nee Brown
of Marysville, Cal.) will be home
to her friends this Sunday, March 27,
from 2 to 5 p. m., at 1047 Howard street.
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Stabens have removed
from 610 Octavia street to 815% Filbert
street.
Mr. and Mrs. John Talbot of Boston,
Mass., are stopping on a visit to Cali
fornia with their cousins, James Phillips
and family of Oakland.
Mr. Talbot has been for thirty years
a railroad man and at the present time
is division master of the Boston and
Maine Railroad of Massachusetts, and is
very well known throughout the East.
They are here for a six weeks' sojourn
through the Golden State, and it being
their first visit to the Pacific are thor
oughly well pleased with the land of
sunshine and flowers.
Mr. Henry George and wife of New
York will arrive here April 2. They will
be the guests of W. C. McCloskey 819 A
Hayes street, for a short time before pro
ceeding to Europe.
Miss Julia Momeith of this city and her
cousin, Miss Gertrude Monteiih of Lan
caster, England, at present visiting Cali
fornia, will in the course of a fortnight
go abroad in company with their grand
mother. Mrs. Henry Guilford.
Dr. Brennan of this city returned test
week from the south.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
The diamond mining companies of
South Africa estimate their losses by
theft at £1.000,000 a year, of which they
recover about half.
LEFT HER LOST LOVE A FORTUNE
"\ A J Omaha/ Neb., was a very
\/ 1/ beautiful girl in her teens she
\ 1 met young and handsome
Chester E. Allison of Sedalia,
Mo. It was a case of mutual love at
first sight, but. although Chester wooed
and won Lucille's heart, she would not
give her hand. He died last fall and
left to the sweetheart of love's young
dream a fortune of $150,000.
Relatives in Sedalia tried to break the
will, but the court has just handed
down a decision sustaining it, and so,
Mrs. Morris, who is a charming, intel
lectual woman, will pass her remaining
days in comfort.
Few« women have had such a strange
experience. When young Allison came
with the love song on his lips in the
springtime of life Lucille had pledged
her troth to another— Professor L,. Mor
ris. In vain did Chester plead. The
young girl frankly confessed that she
loved him, but her sense of honor was
so high that she would not break her
personals.
SINGULAR HEBREW BURIAL
A SINGULAR ceremony was per
formed recently in Brownsville,
L. 1., the most exclusively He
brew settlement in the world.
It concerned the burial of a man
who died in such poor circum
stances that his family was too poor
to bury him in any one of the conse
crated Jewish cemeteries termed fields,
such as the Field of Zion, the Field of
Salem, the Field of Macpelah.
The name of the deceased man was
Nathan Rubeuns, and his remains were
laid out in a room at No. 280 Belmont
avenue, covered with a white sheet. He
had belonged, as does every Jew in
Brownsville— orthodox or heterodox— to
a burial society, but not having been
able to pay his monthly dues he was
not in good standing. His family was
therefore not entitled to the usual
burial fees and, as a Jew has an in
tense horror of being interred in any
but consecrated ground, his widow rent
the air with her lamentations.
"Oh," she cried, as she threw ashes
on her head, "shall the descendants of
Abraham, of Isaac and of Jacob lie in
a grave defiled by the dog and the gen
tile? Woe Is me and shame on the house
of my fathers!"
Thus she continued until nightfall,
when a committee of the Sinai Lodge,
accompanied by a rabbi, entered the
room, and ranging themselves round
the body, ordered the widow to depart.
The rabbi then read from a scroll the
rules governing such a case in the days
of Israel's glory, after which he said:
"Brethren, this man must be in
terred."
"He must be interred," echoed the
committee.
"He shall be interred In consecrated
ground."
"In consecrated ground," repeated the
committee.
"Who here present will stand sponsor
for the deceased?"
"I shall stand sponsor," answered
Jacob Hyman.
"Was deceased of the faithful?" de
manded the rabbi.
"The deceased, Nathan Rubeuns, was
an orthodox Jew of the tribe of Benja
min."
"Did he obey the laws as delivered
to Moses on the mount?"
"He obeyed them as well as an erring
mortal could."
ADVERTISEMENTS. \ ■?
THIS WEEK'S
SPECIALS!
For this week's trade we have selected
an INCOMPARABLE ARRAY OF ATTRAC-
TIONS IN NEW GOODS, and in presenting
them, we feel certain discriminating buyers
will recognize the importance of profiting by
the
Great Values Offered!
LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
HALF 300 samples of LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR, consisting
'" ' of Gowns, Chemises and Drawers, will be closed out at half
PRICE Price . : ...
rrrVx- LADIES' LAUNDRIED SHIRT WAIST, detachable collars, in
mJyJG fancy stripes and checks, will be offered at 50c each.
LADIES' KIDGLOVES.
-7C?- 32 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, embroidered back; col-
/ LfK* ore Tan, Brown. Green, Ox Blood and White; regular value $1 will he
closed out for 75c a pair,
Q«t f\f\ 30 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP SUEDE GLOVES, 3 rows em-
4>liVV broidery; colors Ox Blood, Green, Mode, Tan, White and Black:
good value for $1 25; will be on sale at SI a pair. Guaranteed
and fitted. . \
_ •■"•'■' "• LADIES' HOSIERY.
OCr LADIES' FAST BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, spliced heels and
aJv toes, good value for $4 dozen, will be sold at 25c per pair.
2Sc JUST RECEIVED a large consignment of LADIES' EGYPTIAN
and RIBBED, FLEECE-LINED VESTS AND PANTS at 25c and 35c.
3Sc each, worth 35c and 50c, respectively.
VEILINGS ANDJEMBROIDERY.
2Oc 300 pieces BLACK SILK VEILING, dotted and plain mesh, 13 inches
to wide, a large assortment to select from; on sale at 20c to 50c per
SOc yard. •
ipr— 4000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, neat open patterns, 4 and 5
lJv inches wide; value 25c; on special sale at 15c per yard.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
7R r 120 DOZEN MEN'S, BOYS AND LADIES' ALL SILK NECKWEAR
J v in a variety of new spring colors, and made up in the leading shapes-
regular price 50c, will be offered at 25c each. onapea,
7Rr %-£g Z ? n ME « HEAVY VICUNA UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
/ JC/ERS, fancy silk finished; regular price $1 25. Will be offered at each.
K^* See Chronicle and Examiner for Specials from Other Departments.
l/if Murphy Building. / [/{/ Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. . Market aM: Jones Streets.
cn .7 T y. . e-iven Mr Morris my
mfto my pledge I 'mu^Vkeep It/'lshe
said. . . _
Allison, under the influence of her
faith and truth, finally acknowledge*
Sat she was right. So they pargd
tearfully-she to- contract a loveless
marriage, he to deaden the pain in tis
heart in the quest for wealth.
Years swept on. and last summer
these two met again at an Eastern
summer resort. She was free. Three
years before a court had broken the
bonds that united her to Professor Mot
ris. She was still beautiful. The gra,
was in the hair of Allison and lines of
care seamed his brow, but he -was t
manly man. with his heart still true tt
Lucille. , ..
Under the trees he told her again the
old. old story, and it was arranged that
they should be married in the rail.
Man proposes. Providence disposes. .Be
fore the leaves fell he died. His last
thoughts were of his sweetheart, and in
his will he bequeathed to her, uncondi
tionally, $150,000.
"Why did he not save money ior n»
burial?" , 
"He had been ill and unfortunate.
"Do you as his sponsor promise that
he will repay with his prayers thosa
who bury him in consecrated ground?
"I promise."
"Do you promise that his heirs -will
repay the money when they are in a
position to do so to the nearest Hebrew
synagogue?"
This promise was also given and then
the rabbi said:
"He shall be buried. I appeal to the
charity of the children of Israel."
The committee departed, and next
day a hearse, bearing the remains of
Nathan Rubeuns, enveloped in a black
shroud, was moved slowly through the
streets of Brownsville, a man in front
leading the horse, and the sponsor in
rear carrying a padlocked tin box with
a slot in it.
"Children of Israel," the sponsor
would cry in front of every house,
"here lies the body of Nathan Rubeuns,
an orthodox Jew, who died in poverty.
Who will subscribe to a fund for his
burial? Olah! Olahl"
Pennies, nickels and dimes were
thrown into the box, until it became
so heavy that the sponsor, hoarse with
his exhortations, was obliged to change
it frequently from one hand to the
other. In this manner the pathetic
procession moved from house to house
and from street to street until a thor
ough canvass had been made. When
the box was opened in presence of i.he
committee it was found to contain
$31 21, the largest coin in the collection
being a quarter.
Nathan Rubeuns was buried in con
secrated ground next day. His re
mains were followed to Field Sinai by a
modest but respectable cortege. It is
said that this was the first ceremony
of the kind ever witnessed in this coun
try.
Few people have any idea of the
enormous expense of keeping the ocean
greyhounds in ship-shape. It costs one
company on an average $10,000 a month
for repairs to the various vessels. They
are thoroughly overhauled every month
and the amount of small repairing
necessary would astonish even the old
voyager. In the shops on the American
side there is a duplicate of every bit
of machinery used in the make-up of
an ocean liner, from enormous pieces
of shafting down to the smallest bolt.
The International Company has to pay
among its other expenses for a profes
sional rat-catcher, who clears the ships
of the little pests.ONE thing to be considered by the
woman depending on her own
labor Is her laundry. This spring
in underwear I have seen cotton
Jersey vests very good for 10 cents, With
era of the same for 25 cents. These
ar<- very good for everyday wear and can
tally washed and require no ironing.
In the same line you can get better ones
and 75 cents.
A short petticoat of shaker flannel or
the pretty tennis flannel requires no iron-
Ing if carefully shaken out and pulled
Into shape. The bottom cut into scallops
ar.J bound with narrow taffeta ribbon or
finished with a crocheted scallop makes a
pretty skirt for not over 50 cents.
Cashmere will be worn again this year,
as wftll as Henrietta cloth. lioth are
pretty made into shirt waists for office
wear with black skirts. A particularly
pretty one recently made of dark
Henrietta cloth with velvet
crush collar is not only very becoming,
but very inexpensive, costing about %z ~m.
LOST PURSES OF
CARELESS SHOPPERS
FOUND, five thousand six hundred
and eighty-six purses. No no
tice of these losses appeared in
tne "Lost and Found" column;
the facts were recorded only in
the register af the superintendent of
one of New York's large department
stores, and the record covered a period
of four years.
The actual money found In the entire
pile amounted to a little less than
• $2000, for New York women do not j
carry much money with them in the
Bhopping district. Those who do not
have things "charged" pay in checks—
every woman with a bank account
takes her check book with her in her
rounds of the shop as religiously as
she gathers samples on her journey— ;
or has poods sent home C. O. D.
"Looking through these purses, solely '
for identification's sake, you under- ■
stand, is about all the fun I get out of
this Job," said the superintendent. "It is
astonishing how childish and unreason
able some women are about the matter. |
Every purse that is found in the shop
is brought to my desk. If an employe
finds it, I take her name, number and ■■
counter— the latter to save time — so we
can reach her without going to the
book* of the main office. If a customer
returns the purse we cut" off a few. ;
yards of red tape."
"It is odd," continued the superin- i
tendent, as he disposed of a fussy old ]
Only the yoke and sleeves require lining,
BO the waist, by the help of a good paper
. pattern, is easily made.
It is a pleasure to see white ruehin? for
r;»-ek and sleeves a necessity again.
"Footing," a narrow wash blond. wov.-n in
one, two or three inch widths, makes a
pretty finish and costs about 10 cents a
yard. It is easily washed and wuen
wrapped round a bottie and pinned to
dry can be done in your room.
Another pretty ruche is made of liberty
silk. Buy it by the yard and make it up
yourself. Otherwise it is very expensive.
For 50 cents you can get half a yard.
Cut it into strips about three inches.
Cut both sides separately, then double it
and stitch onto a tape to cover the raw
<-dKes. The tapes can be used more than
r.race, but the liberty filk will not wash.
Kither of these ruchings can be worn
with a crush velvet collar in place of the
iinen collar on shirt waists. Your last
.-oar's turnover collars can \>r- used again
by covering them almost to the top with
a tie. Get the Roman striped ribbons
four Inches wide and fringe the ends.
w>man with a "transfer check," "that
womep will carry things in their purses
that they would not have any one see
fur the world,' and then manage to
lose the whole thing so often.
"There was a party of schoolgirls in
here the other day. I expected to reap
a harvest of at least four purses, but
only one was lost. The poetry in that
purse was not — well, it was hardly
classic, and no doubt would have got
ten that young woman in serious trou
ble had it been found in her possession.
She was so suspiciously profuse in her
thanks to me that her dragon began to
wonder if I had designs on her Inno
cent charge.
"There was quite an interesting case
here recently. A purse was found and
brought to me by a little cash girl. It
contained more than $100 and several
rings. If there are more .han one card
with the same name we naturally con
clude that the name is that of the own
er of the purse, to whom we write, if
in due time there are no inquiries
made.
"But there were no two visiting
cards alike in this purse, and when a
very swell looking woman asked if her
purse had been returned I had to re
quest her to describe its contents. She
said she was too ill to think. I told
her, as carefully as possible, that I was
responsible and of course must beg her
to try to remember what was in it.
There was no doubt in my mind that she
was an impostor. She told me to keep
the property— this, I assure you I had
every Intention of doing— until the next
day. Finally she said her. dentist's
THE SAX FRANCISCO CA£,L, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
PARIS FASHIONS
A Special from Paris to The Call.
T Mmes. Mayer & Morhange's, No. 2, Rue Boudreau,
I have seen a costume intended to be worn on the Riv
iera as suited to the season, or later on as a spring cos
tume, a charming dress of red shaded moire.
The skirt is very tight fitting round the body in
front and at the sides, and made with fiat pleats behind. It is
rounded at the bottom and rather long. It is made in two parts,
being composed of a rounded apron of moire turning all round
the figure, trimmed with a flounce of the same material covered
with black lace, with large branched patterns and medallions
embroidered with topazes and garnets. The flounce increases in
width at the sides of the skirt and runs half-way up behind. It
is headed with a narrow flounce of plain black tulle, with a
ruche of the same material resting on the apron. The corsage
Is made of the same lace as the flounce over red moire, and the
medallions are studded with jewels. It is cut like a richu, cross
ing over from left to right and opening in the form of a heart
over a front of maize mousseline de sole.
The edges are trimmed with a tulle flounce and ruche like
the apron, which descends on the right side and is, lost beneath
the waistband on the left side. The neck trimming is of maize
mousseline de sole, very plain, cut on the cross and draped. The
sleeves are of moire, very tight fitting along the whole length,
with a slight fullness at the shoulders. They are very long
edged with a tulle ruche and form a point over the hands. The
waistband Is of red velvet to match the moire, draped in wide
pleats, rising slightly on the left sMe, where it la fastened with
a straps buckle. The hat, which completes this costume, is a
Punchinello hat, with small turned up ears on 'each side. .It is
made of red straw, to match the dress, and the crown is low and
round, fitting the head. The hat is trimmed In the center in
front with a rosette of red velvet, with a strass buckle in the
center. Behind the bow are two black ostrich feathers, back to
back and drooping on the right and left sides.
. At the same establishment 1 was shown a ball dress of
white tulle over white satin. The skirt has no fullness at the
waist in front and at the sides, being quite tight, but it is
slightly gathered behind. It is rounded at the bottom and has a
train of moderate length. The satin is covered with two veils of
white, tulle, the uppermost of which is trimmed lozenge patterns
in No. 3 white satin ribbons. The front and sides are included
in a broad apron thrown very much backward. The upper part
of the skirt is of white tulle ornamented with patterns in white
satin ribbons. The apron is trimmed round the bottom with a
large ruche of white tulle gathered in the center, and on each
side the apron Is ornamented with a bouquet of nasturtium col
ored roses in tufts. The upper part of the skirt behind is of
tulle 20 centimeters deep, and from it descends a train of yellow
brocaded moire, falling in wide pleats to the edge of the dress.
.Between the apron and the train at each side is a garland of
nasturtium colored roses, rather large at the top and diminish
ing gradually to a point at the bottom. The corsage is a blouse,
cut low and square, covered with a double veiling of tulle,
the uppermost of which is trimmed with lozenge patterns in
white satin. The neck is trimmed with two flounces of white
tulle, one over the other, the uppermost forming a head to that
beneath it. Both are trimmed with white satin lozenges and
edged with white satin ribbon. The flounces are continued
round the shoulders and there are no sleeves. On the top of
the left shoulder are two small heads of ostrich feathers, nas
turtium colored, set upright. The waistband is of yellow velvet, *■
narrow and" plain, and without any apparent fastening. In the
hair are a nasturtium colored feather and a white aigrette.
Another model made by the same firm is of an outdoor dress
in violet and black lainage. The skirt is plain, very tight round
Pass it twice arovind the collar outside
tlie turnover and tie in front with a four
in-hand knot, leaving the ends nearly to
the belt.
card and one of her own were in the
purse. I don't know what I should
have done at this period if one of our
best customers had not come up and
spoken to her. I very quickly gave a
lifelike imitation of a man producing
a purse.
"The next day she came in and said
she was too ill at the Ume to ask for
the person who returned her purse, bui
would I be good enough to tell her
then? At this moment the little girl
passed my desk. She looked so tired
and was so badly dressed and was such
a child to be so closely confined that 1
gave her name and address to the lady,
thereby breaking a rule of the house,
for here our motto is that virtue shal!
have no more substantial reward than
itself.
"The next day the child came to me
and said:
" 'Say, Mr. Blank, you remember that
purse I found? Well, the most beauti
ful, high tonedest lady came to our
house and, thanked me. She gave me
$20 and ordered us a lot of groceries.
Wish 'twould rain purses to-day.'
"Here comes a woman now. Watch
her. I know, even at this distance,
that she has lost her purse — talk about
the bicycle face, it is not a circum
stance to the lost purse eye. She'll look
me through before she begins to tell me
her woes."
Sure enough, she did, not noticing his
bland, "What can I do for you,
madam?"
"I've lost my purse," she said, snap
pishly.
"Yes," soothingly as possible. "Will
you tell me what was in it?"
"I have no time to waste. I want my
pocketbook," she began.
"Certainly, madam, you shall have it
if you just mention — "
"Then it has been found. Give it to
me," she demanded.
"If you will kindly tell me — "
"No, I'll not tell any one whom it
does not concern what's in my purse.
the body and trimmed In front with three rows of black braid
it i crua] distances running all round and falling over tne pleats
behind. The corsage is a blouse of reddish violet velvet, woven
in imitation of pleats. It is embroidered with broad black braid
Paid on flat in unequal branching patterns. The neck trimming
Is of the same colored velvet in very marked pleats, and the col
larette of white mousseline de soie. The sleeves are trimmed
with branches at the shoulders and three rows of Mack braid
running straight down the arms from end to end. The wrists
are trimmed with white mousseline de soie.
A dinner dress by Lejeune-Sounard, of slate-colored satin.
and intended for an elderly lady, caught my fancy. The skirt
is cry tight at«the hips and has three flat pleats behind, which
widen" very much until they extend into a train. The skirt is
open down the front on each side over an apron of cream col
ored satin, ornamented with a handsome embroidered design of
flowers and foliage, mixed with gold thread. The aoron is
edged with white tulle lace embroidered with gold, which rests
on the skirt. Both apron and lace widen from the top down
ward to the edge of the skirt. A strip of narrow lace runs down
the anron on each side.
The corsage is cut square in front and back and entirely en
closes the shoulders. It has a small basque applique on the
skirt at the sides and behind, and opens down the center over a
front of white satin and is covered with embroi.ie-ry in the
same designs as those around the bottom of the skirt. The de
collete is trimmed around the edge with white tulle lace em
broidered with gold. The corsage has narrow lapels, both be
fore and behind, forming braces ending just below the decol
lete. They are composed of bands of white tulle, embroidered
with gold, edged with a plain tulle ruche, and form the sleeves.
At Mine-. Jeanne Laurent's, No. 47 Avenue de l'Opera, I have
seen a hat of blue Dunstable straw, the brim or which is wrin
kled and scalloped, turned up behind and a little cut away in
front to make room for the frizzed hair. The crown is low and
rather wide. The hat is trimmed with a band of taffeta rib
bon, (Irnpf-d, and has a high rosette on the left side. In front is
a rosette of English point, surmounted by a fan-shaped bow of
the same lace confined by a strass buckle. Between the ribbon
and the lace is a spray of lilac.
In spite of all the efforts of the dressmakers to dethrone
the blouse corsage made of material different from the skirt, it
Is so convenh-nt and so practical that the style continues to be
made eve-rywhere, and some of them are extremely pretty. But
they are mostly worn with skirts of tho same shade of color.
Some are of shot taffeta finely pleated and trimmed with Val
enciennes lace, or of mousseline de soie, brocades ot various
kinds, or lace.
One of the newest models, by P. Barroin, is of cream colored
Bruges lace over silk of the same shade. It is a blouse low at
the neck and cut round, in festoons, above which is a yoke of
skyblue velvet coming to a point in the center in front. This
yoke Is embroidered with beads of unequal size mixed with
spangles and spotted with single beads. The neck trimming is
a necklace of seven rows of pearl. The sleeves are tight, mod
elling the arm from one end to the other, and are slightly puffed
at the inset, while at the wrist they are funnel-shaped and
edged with a fluffy ruche of white mousseltne de soie. This cor
sage is intended to be worn with a skirt of the same color,
either plain or trimmed with lace.
L'Art et la Mode draws attention to certain features of the
present fashion, among- which are the following:
A new shape for evening mantles is long behind and short in
front, and rounded like a priest's cope.
Collars of jackets and other over garments are made of a
different material from the body of the garment, either of vel
vet of some color or of embroidery-
Another pretty tie can be made from
the wash silks. Cut it on the bias, hem
the sides and fasten and adjust the same
as the striped tie. In white heavy silk
That's my business. I want my purse."
"Well," said the woman, sulkily, "for
one thing, it had my daughter's minia
ture set with pearls."
The pocket-book was promptly hand
ed to her. But. womanlike, she stood
there and itemized the contents. The
line grew, but fully three minutes did
she occupy the center of the stage.
"Of course the number of purses I
mentioned does not represent all that
are lost. Man- are not returned to us
or are stolen directly by pickpockets,
though we have a large force of detec
tives in thp shop. No, we have never
had a man's purse returned to us."
TITLES IN
STRANGE PLAGES
NOT many years ago, says an
English paper, the ninth Earl of
Seafield, who had fallen on bad
days In New Zealand, was glad
to earn a few shillings by casual
work on farms, and was proud
of his reputation as a clever
"ditcher and fencer." The height of
his ambition was reached when he was
appointed bailiff of a provincial court.
A son of one of our best-known peers,
himself a lord by courtesy, is to-day
working- in a stable on the Rand, South
Africa, and finds a new use for his
knowledge of horses acquired as officer
I of one of our smartest cavalry regi
ments.
One of our oldest baronets for many
years kept the gate at a railway cross
ing, while his wife acted as "maid of all
work" in their adjacent cottage. He
was a man of singularly simple man
ners, and was pleased to be addressed
by his Christian name by the local
porters and platelayers.
these are very pretty. To wash them is
an easy matter in your room by slicking
the tie, stUl wet, flat on the window or
mirror.
The Earl of Buchan experienced some
strange vicissitudes before he suc
ceeded to his title and impoverished es
tates; and for some years made his liv
ing by acting as a jockey.
The present Earl of Caithness was
the son of an Aberdeen bank manager,
who dispatched him to the States as a
boy to fight his own way to a livelihood.
For some years he shared the rough
life and fare of the cowboys, and had
comfortably established himself on a
farm in Idaho, when his father's unex
pected accession to the earldom made
him Lord Berriedale and, within twelve
months, Earl of Caithness.
The nresent Baron Gardner is
prouder of his headship of the Indian
village of Munowota than of his Brit
ish peerage, and "rears his dusky
brood" in happy indifference to coro
nets and the House of Lords. He has
so far detached himself from the land
of his birth that he can scarcely speak
its language.
The Earl of Aberdeen, elder brother
of the Governor-General of Canada, as
is pretty generally known, lived and
died as a common sailor "before the
mast," although he was lord of 63,000
acres and holder of eight titles; and
the piesent Earl of Stamford earned a
scanty living for some years as lay
reader and schoolmaster before he suc
ceeded to his title as tenth earl.
The eleventh Baron Fairfax is a doc
tor and small farmer in Prince
George's County, Maryland.
Sir Harry Yelverto Goring, the elev
enth holder of a baronetcy nearly 300
years old, served for many years "in
the ranks" in the Twelfth Suffolk
Regiment, leaving the army twelve
years ago with the not very exalted
rank of sergeant. At the time of his
accession to the baronetcy, on the
death of a distant cousin, Sir Harry
was keepinr a tobacconist's shop in
Tamworth, while his numerous children
were earning their living in local fac
tories and in the postoffice.
Skirts are to be three and a half to
four and a half yards at the bottom,
which means that the full skirts can be
nicely made over leaving out the worn
breadths. Trimming, too. will allow the
worn bottoms to disappear. Haircloth
is not much used and only wnder the
bottom facing. The rf>w dresses are
princess in effect, that i. c the trimming on
the waist is arranged wth the trimming
of the skirt to give a t.ne-piece effect.
Beware of the real priivess dress, how
ever becoming, for It m -st be perfect in
material and in style or (it is the essence
of the dowdy. Besides »t is not a serv
iceable style, as the wal^t gives out and
cannot be replaced.
For bicycling there is a pretty cloth
called sergine, in cotton, 33 inches
wide, woven like a covert cloth and cost
ing only 15 cents. This cloth will make
up very prettily in lightweight skirts to
wear with shirt waist, and is perfectly
ideal for country wear where It is dusty.
A short skirt worn over bloomers does
not impede the rider in the least. Line
such a skirt with silk, having a good
heavy facing of canvas, and it will slip
up in a strong wind out of the way, but
LOVE LETTERS
WORTH FORTUNES
LOVE-LETTERS that cost £700
are not sent every day. A rich
young miss recently received a
billet-doux which was a triumph.
not only of the suitor's but of the
Jeweler's skill. It was a dalnt3 r tablet
of gold of wonderful thinness, a lace
llke border of the precious metal in
parting an appearance of delicacy cal
culated to entrance the most fastidious,
while a short but sweet message was
written In diamonds cunningly set in
a heart of frosted silver. This costly
production was not sent through the
post; it was delivered In a handsome
casket by a messenger, who rode a
snow-white palfrey.
Nearly six months was occupied in
completing the unique love-token, the
diamond characters necessitating care
in selection and setting. It cost the
spendthrift suitor just £700.
A musical lover sent no fewer than a
dozen wonderful letters to his fiancee,
each of which cost him £20. Words of
endearment were set to sentimental
■trains, the parchment sheets being
lavishly gilded and edged with valuable
lace. The gilding and ornamentation
were the work of a famous Japanese
artist, who likewise exhibited his skill
In decorating the box which conveyed
them.
An extravagant beau entranced the
maiden of his heart by having a lovely
collar of lace worked by peasant
women in a design of hearts, each one
bearing words of spider-web delicacy
not blow about, and if cut narrow i 3
perfectly comfortable and quite out of the
way. Golf stockings are to be worn
very much, but let us hope it is a pass
ing fancy, for except for very Blender
women they have a startling effect in the
increase in apparent size of the lower ex
tremities. Bicycle suits should be made
with coat, to be worn over a wash waist,
on account of the perspiration which
always destroys any non-wash material.
"Tans" to match the shoes, belt and
tie are very popular in the East. A sin
gle quill in Scotch fashion gives it a
jaunty air and it sits on the head in a
wind closely and firmly.
Quills are to be worn as much as ever.
A novel idea in getting the color you wish
is to buy them plain and with oil paints
color them yourself. Wings can be treated
in the same manner and made very
pretty indeed.
If you have a last summer's straw hat
which is dingy it can be restored by the
white of an egg or shoe blacking. Glue
on the inside of the crown will put it
in shape, and by ironing out the trim
mings an old hat can be freshened up
wonderfully. H. G.
and lover-like constancy. As the lace-
Murkers were unaccustomed to any but
the orthodox patterns, a special design
had to be framed for their guidance,
and dozens of collars were rejected as
Unsatisfactory before the perfect article
was produced.
Irrespective of the designer's fee. the
lacemakers received without murmur
the £20 asked, and a luxurious wrapper
of satin and gold cost £a more. Then
came a wooden box, of no common
beauty, finally a wrapping of thick
packing-canvas, and the web-like love
letter was sent by registered post.
Altogether this ephemeral affair ran
away with nearly £50.
Procuring a diamond of excessive
value, a titled gentleman wrote a
heart-burning epistle to his ladylove,
having a fac simile of the composition
made in miniature and fixed on the
under side of the gem. A setting of
gold and enamel was given to the stone,
and a jeweled microscope was attached
by a fairy chain to the priceless orna
ment. The love-words could be clearly
read through their diamond covering
by using the magnifying-glass. Crystal
and microscope now form the center
piece of a marvelous bracelet given by
the groom to his bride on the wedding
morning.
Loving a young lady whose father
was pecuniarily distressed, a wealthy
gentleman hit on a novel mode of for
warding a love-letter. He wrote out a
check for £1000, added a margin of
gummed stamp paper (on which he In
dited a loving epistle to his wife-to
be), and sent It to his heart's darling.
2728
TEACHERS AND SCHOOLS.
For the ninth annual session of Orange
County Teachers' Institute, to he held at
Santa Ana during the week commencing
March 28. a list of good things has beeiy
prepared. Following is a portion of it:
Addresses by J. N. Greenwood, president
N E. A., Kansas City, Mo.; lectures on
"Nature Study," by Dr. O. P. Jenkins
of Stanford University; " K £ uc * tlo , '".
the State, ' Superintendent S. T. Black
"Teaching Reading." Anorah Fleming.
"Talks on Geography," Dr. C. C. \an
3.1. w of Los Angeles; •'Ancient Art,
Henry T. Ardley. Universiti-of Califor
nia: '"'American History," A. C. Duniway
of Stanford. On Tuesday evening, March
"9 Professor Ardley will lecture on the
eubject, "The History of Ornament," and
Wednesday, March 30. will be occupied
by addresses on "Individual Differences;
by Dr. Thomas P. Bailey of Berkeley,
and on "Music in the public Schools, "
by Mrs. Gertrude Parsons of Los Angeles.
♦ * •
If we compare our city schools alone
•with the city schools of the East the
odds are frequently against us. It Is only
•when we put all our schools into com
parison with all their schools that we
take the highest rank.
The reason is because they are more
closely related to and connected with vil
lage, town and city schools— the weak
•with the strong, the rich with the poor.
However, a keynote Is struck when it is
stated that rural schools suffer from the
lack of trained teachers. I will go a
step further and say that all our schools
suffer from the same reason.
The rural schools do not contain all
the novices in teaching. Our schools also
euffer from the too frequent change of
t< acbers. Under our system of county
board examinations, a vast army of
teachers not professionally trained are
eerhl-annually licensed to teach. Armed
with these county certificates they are,
by the aid of friends, very frequently able
to supplant the normal graduate or the
experienced toucher. True, we often se
cure excellent teachers through these
county board examinations, arid occa
sionally the normal school sends out a
very Inferior teacher.
Between those two classes of teachers
communities all over the State are in
doubt as to where they should look for
strong teachers. The licensing of teach
ers by county boards is wrong in theory
and pernicious in practice. It was meant
only to meet early conditions of the State,
and should cease soon, if not at once. The
normal schools and other institutions that
are training teachers should supply us
•with sufficient teachers and with better
teachers. The professionally trained
teacher should be so decidedly superior to
the untrained one that the most back
ward community would readily recognize
the difference.
I am inclined to the belief, from state
ments received from the principals of our
n irmaJ schools, that more normal teach
ers would to-day be in our schoolrooms if
greater encouragement were given by Su
perintendents and by those with influence
in placing teachers. A large number of
normal graduates fail to get schools and
many drop nut of the work for lack of ap
preciation and preferment.
1 find them ready to go to our Isolated
rural school districts. We should demand
that our normal schools and other institu
tions for the training of teachers pass and
send out such persons only as are spe
cially qualified. It is pc-rhaps a little pre
sumptuous In me to so state, but my ob
servation and experience leads me to be
that due discrimination is not al
ways exercised in graduating teachers;
FRATERNAL NEWS
' MASONTC.
The annual session of the Grand Coun
cil of the Royal and Select Masons will
be held on the 18th of April: on the 19th
and th<> I*o th the Grand Chapter of Royal
Aroh Masons will be in session, and the
Grand Command ery will be in session on
the 21st, 22d and 23d. On the afternoon of
the last named day there will be a grand
review on Van Ness avenue of the sev-
eral commanderies of Department I.
The first officers of California Lodge.
F. and A. M., the mother lodge of this
State, who were installed! December 27,
1849, or 5819 the Masonic year, were: L.
Stowell, master; A. Bartol, senior war
den; J. W. Geary, Junior warden; A. A.
Selovt-r. treasurer; J. H. Gihon, secre •
tary; A. Waiters, senior deacon; J. H.
Llening, junior deacon; and W. P. Bur
dick, tyler. Of these all but one have
gone to the Supreme Lodge of the Uni
verse, and that one is J. H. Lienlng. who
at this time is a resident of Middle North
California. The roll of the lodge shows
that since its institution there have been
1420 names of members inscribed upon It.
ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR.
The last held meeting of Harmony
Chapter was well attended, and among
the visitors was Mrs. Poulter of Oakland,
who entertained with songs after the
business of the evening. Alma Shreeve
added to the evening's pleasure by a reci
tation. It was announced that Harmony
Chapter will at the grand Masonic fair
have a miscellaneous booth, in which
there will be a grab bag. The district
meeting of this chapter will be held on
the 15th of April.
BeuUi.li 'Chapter will have Its district
meeting on the 11th of April. Unity on the
22d and Oakleaf on 'the 28th, Semper Fi
delcs on the 2d of May. Golden Wave on
the Cth, Oakland on the 13th, Ivy on the
?4th. King Solomon on the 26th and Mis
sion on the 28th.
ORDER OF AMARANTH.
Crescent Court No. 3 of the Order of
Amaranth has arranged for an entertain
ment of a unique character and a social
to be given in Golden Gate Hall on Tues
day evening next.
ODD FELLOWS.
Pacific Lodge celebrated Its twenty
ninth anniversary by an entertainment
and dance in Prospect Hall last Thurs-
day evening. The programme presented
to an audience that crowded the hall
Included a piano solo by Mrs. Raynaurd;
reading, John Stevenson; vocal solo, Mrs.
Bollo; musical selections. Zither Quar
tet, song, Martin Krelllng; recitation,
Miss LUlie Phillips George; humorous
songs, Captain John Leale; vocal solo,
Miss Victoria Leaie; Hawaiian selections,
ti»e 'Misses Leale; vowU solo, Mrs. Dar
ling. Then followed dancing and refresii
ments.
The charter has been restored to Le
moore Lodge No. 730. The lodge was
placed on a mm footing again last Mon
day by the grand master.
Kichard Nichols, James Saxon, William
Sriedded, James Ronald, Theodore Creber
and J. T. Gofsky, members oi the lodge
at Coalgate, Indian Territory, were
among the passengers on the 11. W. Almy
that capsized in the oeeaji a few days
since. The lodge has telegraphed to this
city to make all efforts to recover the
bodies, and to notify the relief committee
bere if any bodies are found.
The main entrance to the Odd Fellows'
building is to be remodeled, and an eiec
tric elevator Is to replace the one now in
use.
Colonel H. O. Grower has Issued orders
for the Second Regiment, Patriarchs Mil
itant, I. O. O. FFt. t Department of Califor
nia, to proceed to Shell Mound ParK on
the 26th of April to celebrate the anniver
sary of Odd Fellowship in the United
States.
Templar Lodge will Initiate two candi
dates at its next meeting.
THE REBEKAHS.
*As usual the entertainment given last
Monday night by Loyal Lodge was one of
those very enjoyable affairs for which this
lodge is noted. -rUter the programme
there was a dance.
A new lodge will be instituted at Sacra
mento on the 29th, one at Sheridan on the
30th, and one at Farmington on April 9th.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Rincon Parlor has arranged for a high
jinks to be given In the banquet hall of
S l ie Native Sons' building on the evening
of the second of April.
Golden Gate Parlor has elected Daniel
Wilson, J. J. Harrington and D. A.
Hunteman delegates to the Qrond Parlor
and J. J. Sweeney, William Stulz and
Thomas Stewart alternates.
The contest for the oflice of grand out
side sentinel at the next session of the
Grand Parlor will be the tug of war this
session. Emmett Hayden of Mount Tam
alpala and A. W. Fiedler of Las Posltas
Parlor are the latest candidates.
Grand Trustee Frank Sabachi denies
yet we School Superintendents should
show our preference for them and en
courage their coming to our counties.—
Extract from an address by Superintend
ent T. J. Kirk of Fresno.
. THE STATE BOARD.
At the last meeting of the State Board
of Education the price of text books for
the ensuing year was fixed as follows:
Price to Pupils, i
Revised First Reader 20 centa ;
Revised Second Reader 35 cents |
Revised Third Reader 50 cents i
Revised Fourth Reader 60 cents ;
Speller 30 cents I
Primary Number Lessons 25 cents
Advanced Arithmetic 50 cents
Lessons In Language 30 cents
Revised English Grammar 55 cents
I'nited States History 80 cents
Elementary Geography 60 cents
Advanced Geography Jl 20 I
I Physiology • 60 cents :
Civil Government 55 cents I
A communication was received from !
I Professor Keyes to the effect that the
i manuscript of his advanced history would
i soon be finished, and requesting that ex
perts be appointed to pass on the same
and report to the board. Professors
Brown and Kellogg were authorized to
appoint experts to examine and report
on the work.
The question of adjusting the years or
grades in the public schools arising, the
j following resolution, offered by Superin-
I intendent Black, was adopted:
Resolved, That this board request the
j biennial convention of school superln
i tendents to recommend a proper and
[ equitable adjustment of what years or
i grades shall constitute the primary
i grades or years in our schools.
Advertising in schools
CITY HALL, SAN FRANCISCO,
March 15, 1898.
To Principals: At a meeting of the
Board of Education, held on the 9th lnst.,
it was ordered;
First— "That section 53 of the rules be
suspended and that a vacation of one
week, from April 4 to S inclusive, bo
declared."
Second— "That the superintendent be mi
i structed to notify the principals of all
! the schools to have each teacher read
monthly section LSS, sub. 1, of the rules
to the pupils, and impress upon them
the necessity of carrying out its provi
sions" R. H. WEBSTER,
Superintendent of Schools.
The section referred to reads thus: "No
advertisement shall be read, distributed
or given away in school, nor shall news-
I papers, books, publications or articles of
j any kind be advertised or exhibited in
! schools by teachers, pupils or other per-
sons.
"Principals shall not allow book agents
or solicitors of any kind to occupy their
time or that of their assistants on the
school premises."
IMPROVING THE SCHOOLS.
The following is an extract from a
highly instructive address on the subject
"Can We Aid in Improving the Board of
Education and the Public Schools?" de
livered by Charles Cassat Davis, chair
man of the Board of Education, at a re
cent meeting of the Los Angeles Friday
Morning Club:
"My answer to this query is an un
hesitating yes: else I should not be here
to-day. Yes, the women of Los Angeles
to-day have an opportunity of a kind
which seldom comes so happily as this
to aid in a difficult effort at a betterment
of the conditions about us. Yes, you can
the rumor that he will run against Frank
L. Coombs for the office of Grand Orator,
but he will be a candidate for re-election
as grand trustee.
Al Davis, W. D. Hobro Jr., John Con
ners, E. A. Jarjou and Henry F. Pernan,
the committee who will have charge of
California Parlor's high Jinks on the 6th
of April in the banquet hall of the Native
Sons' building:, announce that they have
secured a number of professionals and
amateurs.
Last Monday Grand Treasurer Henry
S. Martin and Grand Secretary Lunstedt
visited Martinez, which it is said was
named for the former and which in Span
ish means "Little Martin." They were
deceived by the members of Mt. Diablo
Parlor in grand style and at the meeting
the grand treasurer gave a fine exempli
fication of the secret work. On Wednes
day they visited General Winn Parlor
and there were the immediate guests of
the two Charlies, Belshaw and Montgom
ery, and they were conducted te the hall
of the parlor, where they performed their
official duties in the presence of a large
attendance of members.
George B. Scott has been elected secre
tary of Hesperian Parlor, vice George B.
Boyle, who has gone to Los Angeles.
There are two more places that want
the grand parlor of 1899. The members of
Argonaut Parlor of Oroville, in existence
eighteen years, want it. and Past Grand
President A. F. Jones, who is a member
of that parlor, is working to that end.
Ex-Grand Trustee P. E. Zabala was in
this city last week laying wires to secure
the grand body for Salinas. Marysville
also wants the grand parlor.
The following is the programme for the
week that the delegates to the grand par
lor will spend in Nevada City: April 24,
street concert in the evening; April 26.
grand parlor session forenoon, turning
over the keys of the city in the afternoon
and reception In the evening; April 26
grand parlor session, visit to Malakoff
hydraulic mine, at North Bloomfiold, and
conferring curly bear degree in the even-
Ing; April 27, all day session of grand
parlor, ball in the evening; April 28. morn
ing session of grand parlor, visits to
mines in the afternoon and entertainment
by the Native Daughters in the evening;
April 29, session of grand parlor and fare
well banquet in the evening.
OUR NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Oro Fino Parlor had an entertainment
last week that was for members only,
and as it was an unusually attractive
one all who were not under the doctor's
care wer» present. There were several
members of the order present as visitors,
among them being Past Grand Presidents
Miss Chira K. Wlttenmyer, Miss Mac B.
Wilkins and Miss Mariana Bertola. At a
preWous meeting two committees had
been appointed to prepare for the enter
tainment. Each was to present a pro
gramme and the one deemed to be the
best was to carry off a prize. One, con
sisting of Mrs. M. Kapp, Mrs. D. Bradley
and Miss Mac Smith, gave a minstrel
show, while the other, composed of Mrs.
R. Pettygrove, Mrs. C. Gassman and
Miss Tillie Stahl, presented a vaudeville
show. Both entertainments were very
good, but It was decided that the coons
were superior, and they walked off with
the prize. Before the entertainment the
visitors witnessed the initiation of live
candidates and they expressed them
selves in favorable terms of the manner
in which the work was performed.
Shortly before the decree of fate that
made Mrs. Conrad, the grand president, a
widow, she was a visitor to Marguerite
Parlor in Placerville. On that occasion
the parlor was visited by a delegation
from Amapala Parlor of Sutter Creek
and one from Forest Parlor of Plymouth.'
After business there was a reception In
honor of the grand president, the pre
sentation of a pleasing programme and a
dance, together with a collation.
Romneya Parlor was instituted at Vol
cano t Amador County, by District Depu
ty Mrs. Carrie Tiffany. Mrs. Callie
Shields was one of the organizers.
There was fun and lots of it in Sans
Soucl Parlor last Friday night after the
business meeting. There was an enter
tainment got up by the Jolly members of
the parlor, and there is hardly a dull
member in it. It was what was termed
"coon night," as Miss Mac B. Wilkind
P. G. P.; Mrs. Theodore Lunstedt, D. D. ;
Mrs. Mocker, Mrs. Munsnn, Mrs. C. Horn,
Mrs. George Spooner, Mlds Dora Eisner
and Miss E. Bryant, with Eddie Webber
as leader, appeared as burnt-cork artists
and took part In a cake walk. The make
up was as wonderful as it was grotesque,
and Miss Wilkins, made up as a 200-pound
dude, was not recognizable. She and
Mrs. Lunstedt before the walk gave a
selection on the Chinese fiddle and clario
net, which well nigh drove the audi
ence distracted. There was a trio by
Mrs. Williams. Mrs. Mocker and Miss
Darjeanea. after which came the walk.
The Judges awarded the cake to Miss
Wilkins and Mrs. Lunstedt, the second
prize to Mrs. Mocker and Mrs. Munson,
the third prize to Mrs. Horn and Mrs.'
Spooner and the booby prize to Misses
Eisner and Bryant. After the award all
were treated to a collation and icecream
and coffee. In consideration of the high
regard that the parlor has for its deputy,
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
aid; but the graver and more funda
mental question pressing itself upon us
is not. can you aid, but wjll you?
"The schools are subject to many criti
cisms, some just and others .perhaps not
Just; but that they are not under good
management is conceded, and evils fol
low then just as surely as when a bun
gler takes the helm at sea. Why are
they not under good management? Be
cause for one reason they are under po- (
litical management, and that means that j
they are managed for political and not |
for educational ends. Because the of- '
fices of the board are treated as political !
offices— as strongholds of patronage, and j
are sought for and bargained upon this
basis. Whose fault is this? It is the '
CARLTON M. RITTER, PRESIDENT STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, CHICO.
Mrs. Lunstedt, and the assertion made
that she is childless, the members pre
sented her. with a great deal of formality,
a very handsome Chinese baby, and ex
pressed the hope that It would be a com
fort to her in hours of loneliness, but it
must be stated that it was not a real live
baby, but a clever imitation.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
At a meeting on last Wednesday -ven
ing of the executive committee having
charge of the entertainment to be given
in celebration of the anniversary of the
founding of the order, which falls on the
11th of May, it was announced that it was
impossible to secure Metropolitan Hall or
any other suitable hall for that evening.
The entertainment will be given in Odd
Fellows' Hall on the evening of tne 18th.
Deputy Bunting is in Stockton in the
interest of San Joaquin
AMERICAN GUILD.
The meeting of San Francisco Chapter
last Wednesday was well attended, and
after the reading of several applications
for membership two * unuidates were ini
tiated. After the transaction of routine
business there wero a number of ad
dresses on the order and its work, and it
was stated that one of the advantages of
It is the fact that it has a reserve fund
to be used in case of an emergency, and
that experience in fraternal orders of this
kind has shown that there is neeu or
such a fund to keep down assessments
to the lowest and also provide for those
members who, having attained a certain
age, that may not be taxed to maintain
their membership and standing. It was
also stated that from present indica.ions
the order bids fair to become one of the
great fraternal organizations of the
country.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Golden Gate Camp on last Monday
night had a rousing meeting in Shasta
Hall, Native Sons' building, the occasion
being a smoker given in honor of a visit
from members of Oakland Camp. Of
these there were sixty-five, all wearing
orange colored badges. They were wel
comed by a large membership from
Golden Gate and members of other
camps. In a neat speech the visitors
were told by J. L. Geary Jr. to make
themselves at home and enjoy the pro
gramme in addition to the cigars. There
were addresses on woodcraft by Deputy
Head Consul George K. Rogers, Head
Manager I. I. Boak, short talks for the
good of the order by G. Wilson, consul
commander of Golden Gate Camp; E. T.
Taylor, consul commander, and T. M.
Robinson, vice-consul commander, of
Oakland Camp, and others. C. W. Bell
and Elmer Read favored with songs, C.
H. Pratt entertained with a recitation, a
friend of the Woodmen excited the risi
bilities of those present by telling funny
stories, and there were others who did
their share toward entertaining.
Tamalpais Camp, composed largely of
police officers and city officials, has been
instituted, with forty-two charter mem
bers. A new camp, to be called Twin
Peaks, is In progress of organization. Ex-
State Senator Gesford, past grand presi
dent of the Native Sons, is working up a
camp among the Native Sons, and a
camp that will be known as California
Camp if. also being organized in this city.
Other camps are being organized in Mid
dleton and Elk Creek. Recent reports
show a very large number of applica
tions received.
Head Manager Boak visited Hanford
Camp last week and reports all the
camps in San Joaquin Valley as doing
well.
WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT.
Redwood Circle No. 72, Women of
Woodcraft, an auxiliary of the Woodmen
of the World, have arranged for an enter
tainment and social In the social hail of
the A. O. F. building on the evening of
the Ist of April. A great many members
of the Woodmen of the local camps have
signified their intention of attending.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Franklin Lodge will give a social on the
evening of April 8.
Pacific Lodge Is making arrangements
for Its anniversary in July next.
The grand master and grand receiver
were present at a meeting of the lodges
of Santa Cruz County, held in Santa
Cruz, last Friday.
The grand master will address an open
meeting of Visalia Lodge on Tuesday
next.
Redwood Lodge will celebrate its anni
versary on the 30th inst.
A new lodge with forty members will
be instituted at Magalia by Deputy Mur
phy of Chico.
Oak Leaf Lodge had a very enjoyable
affair last Monday. This lodge will lose
Messrs. McAllister and Fuirchild who
are romg to the Klondike.
The advance reports of the several
grand officers will soon be distributed to
the representatives.
On April 7 the grand lodge will meet
in annual session. Forty-five lodges will
be represented.
During the past week Dawn of Hope
Lodge and Silver Star Lodge gave enjoy
able entertainments. The last named was
visited by Temple Lodge, A. O. U. W.
The several lodges of the order are In
creasing their beneficial membership.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
A, Ornla, P. G. C. R., of California, has
fault of the system, of the people: not of
any class not'the goud citizens or the bad
citizens in particular, or the politicians or
the reformers; no class is wholly to
blame, no class is wholly without blame.
"It is apparent, then, that first of all
to accomplish any good there must be a
deeper and more widespread personal in
terest in the schools and in all matters
pertaining to them. The work of reform,
if it is to be successful in really benefiting
and elevating our schood system, must be
planned with the view of somewhat per
manent work, which shall sooner or later
enlist and educate the parents to aid in
educating the children."
"I BUggest for consideration in this mat
ter the following outline ot what I think
possible. Let at least twenty-five ladies
who are earnest and who will each agree
to give to this work a certain amount of
time for a definite period, form an organi
zation with this object in view. Let this
organization adopt carefully considered
plans for arousing the interest of the pa
rents of school children and for inducing
them to give some personal attention to
organized and instituted a new court at
Tuscon, Ariz., with fifty-one charter
members. The chief ranger is W. P. B.
Field, and F. S. Hlldreth is the recording
secretary.
Court Sutro Heights on last Thursday
elected E. S. Harding and E. N. Boukof
sky delegates to the urand Court, and
George K. Small and L. N. P.oukofsky al
ternates. Committees on the good and
prosperity of the court were appointed,
and there were addresses by Court Depu
ty Waller, George J. Strong, George K.
Small and others on various topics, hav
ing for their purpose the devising of
means to draw attention to the court and
its work.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST, F.O.A.
Manzanita. the new circle recently or
ganized and instituted at Angels, CaJa
veras County, gave a calico ball on the
night of the 17th inst. It was well attend
ed and proved a great success. There
were some very elegant costumes,
the most attractive being worn by Mrs.
George Schad, Mrs. C. \V. Tryon, Miss
Ruby LJllie, Mis.^ Julie Pache and Mrs.
Matson. During the evening an excellent
supper was served to the members and
guests.
Last Monday night Palo Alto Circle was
instituted in this city by Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. Kmma Harrington, as
sisted by Grand Secretary Miss Bremer,
Grand Treasurer Airs. Miller, Grand
Trustees Mrs. Jacobs and Mrs. Pape and
Miss Mental 01 Hamlet Circle, who acted
as grand organist. This circle, organ
ized through the efforts of Grand Trus
tee Mrs. Jacobs, Miss R. Casper and Miss
Fannie Lewis and members of Court Palo
Alto of the Foresters, starts out with a
membership of twenty-eight, and it is
expected that at the next meeting there
w. i be a number added to the roll. The
officers chosen for the first term are:
Miss R»' boas, J. P. C. C. ; Miss Pauline
Aaron. < . C. ; Miss i_>elle Raytield, S. C. ;
Bliss Rose Casper, R. S.; M. Reyfleld,
F. S.: Miss R. Aaron, L. G. ; Miss C. Har
ris. K. <;.; Miss L. Elberg, I. G.; Miss
Fannie Lewis, O. G.
At the session of Inter Nos Circle last
Wednesday night the grand chief com
panion gave an interesting account of the
official visits she recently paid to various
circles in the irerior. From the verbal
report she made it appears that there is
considerable Interest manifested in the
order at this time, and that t.-ere is good
prospect of the institution of five more
circles. During c session, under good
and welfare, was a spiriteu discus
sion on the subject of the need of a re
vision of the work of initiation.
Miss Mary Foye has been elected dele
gate to represent San Francisco Circle in
the Grand Circle.
The grand chief companion, the grand
sub-chief companion, Mrs. Jacobs, grand
trustee. Deputy Mrs. Kirchner aiu oth
ers paid an official visit last Thursday to
Pride of Columbia Circle, at '.inch there
was consideraoio discussion on matters
for the good of the circle and order.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The thirteenth anniversary of the Insti
tution of the Evans Council was celebrat
ed last Thursday night by a whist and
progressive euchre party. The hall was
well filled, and among the prominent
members of the order there were C. M.
Arnold, P. S. C; A. B. Sanborn. P. G. C;
W. F. Gibson, P. S. T.; S. C. Wallis, G.
R.. and Mrs. Sweeney, G. P. At euchre
the first prize was carried away by Mrs.
H. Mandrell and the booby by Mrs. C. J.
Sweeney; the gentleman's prize went to
J. MacKwen, anil the booby to H. Man
drell. At whist Mrs. Steigelman won the
first prize and Miss Beadsley was award
ed the booby; Grand Recorder S. C.
Wallis secured the gentleman's first prize,
and Walter N. Brunt got away with the
booby prize, a box of monkeys. After
the games there was served up a colla
tion and light refreshments.
On April 14 Grand Councilor Boehm will
pay an official visit to Crystal Council,
and on the 4th of the same month he will
visit Empire Council.
Last Tuesday Past Supreme Councilor
Arnold, Supreme Vice-Councilor Hutton,
Grand Councilor Boehm and Grand Re
corder Wallis paid an official visit to Em
pire Council, and they were received by
a hirge membership.
Riverside Council at Reno initiated four
candidates at Us last held meeting.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Last Wednesday night Minerva Circle
gave a very pleasant social in Foresters'
Hall, and it was very select. There was
of dances that were
offered under the direction of the com
mittee of arrangements, consisting of
Mesdames Lowe, Kllconya, Glancy, Bell,
Doyle, I'uge, Massey, Blake, Woods, But
ler, Barrett and Oster.
John Falconer. Mrs. Beverson, Mrs.
Morrow and Mrs. Ash paid a visit last
Monday to the circle In Stockton, and
they were received in a most fraternal
manner, being met at the depot by a dele
gation from the circle and escorted to
the hall. At the close of the work of the
circle the visitors were enU-rtained at a
banquet.
Loyal Circle will hold an open meeting
on the 11th of April, and on the 23d they
will give a social.
Little T.ryphina Pritchard. the daughter
of a prominent member of the order, one
whose artistic dancing and eloquent reci
tations at meetings have charmed thou
sands, will, on the evening of the 21st of
April, in Native Sons' Hall, be the re
a good
I the schools. Meetings should be held if
1 possible in each school district and the
topics to come before them should be few
and practical, including the general sub
jects of education, but especially the
wants of the school district, its weak
nesses and its conditions In regard to
j heating, lighting, ventilating, etc.
"There might also be short lectures and
I papers stimulating the parents, not only
j in their interest in the school, but also iii
j the studies and in the work of their chii-
I dren. There should also be arranged and
j maintained a systematic visiting of the
i schools by the parents; the effect of via
| itlng is good on the teachers; the schol
: ars feel a greater interest in what the
.parents show they care for, and the pa-
I rents can understand the difficulties and
I shortcomings of the teachers and of the
J board.
"Perhaps they may see deficiencies in
their own children, and possibly, too. they
may be led to introspection and reflection
touching neglected duties, for all of which
they may in time come to be duly thank
ful.
"Ihese several steps could all be under
taken at once. Their effect would be to
arouse the board— at each of whose meet-
Ings the main organization should, if pos
sible, have two representatives— to the
most effective service, and to aid It where
It sorely needs help; the parents would
gradually be brought to fe^-1 a personal
responsibility for the schools, and they
would discuss school policies and progress
and the candidates proposed for the
board.
"Let me say just this word concerning
the board's composition: It should have
on it business men as well as professional
men, and women as well as men, and
above all, it should have honesty and
public spirit and patriotism, ajid not pot
house politics.
" As you see, I regard it as fundamental
that the people should be aroused to ac
tion. If that is ever possible, now, of all
times, would seem to be the most aus
picious; and If there can be organized,
intelligent, persistent effort, there is. In
my opinion, no reason why the schools
may not be redeemed from, their present
unhappy and demoralized condition and
raised to a higher and more efficient
level; and in raising them we raise our
standards and our ideals, and so raise
ourselves."
CHICO STATE NORMAL SCHOOL.
Carlton. M. Ritter, president of the
State Normal School at Chico, was born
in Seneca County, N. V., on September 1, i
IKO, and his boyhood was spent on the
beautiful farms that overlook Cayuga
Lake. He received his early education in I
the public schools and academies of the |
county and at the New York State Nor
mal College. Upon his graduation Mr.
Ritter came to Stockton, Cal., where at
the age of 22 he was elected principal of
the Lafayette Grammar School In De
cember, 1592. While holding this position
he also studied law with Judge Joseph
H. Budd, the father of the present Gov- j
ernor, and was admitted to practice by
the Supreme Court.
After teaching for several years in the I
grammar schools of the city. Professor
Hitter was elected to a position In the :
Stockton High School, where he subse
quently earned the honor of being pro
nounced by Professor String-ham of
Berkeley the best high school teacher of
mathematics in the State.
After eight years of high school work,
Mr. Ritter became professor of mathe
matics in the State Normal School In
Chico in 1889, holding this position unti"
on June 25, 1897, he was unanimously
elected president by the joint board of
normal school trustees. He immediately
set about the reorganization of the facul
ty and recasting of the course of study,
remaining at his desk throughout the en
tire vacation, and on the opening of the
school on the 6th of last September, had
the satisfaction of seeing the largest
lumber of new students that had ever en
ciplent of a complimentary benefit ten
dered by admirers.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Last Monday night Aurora Lodge was
officially visited by the grand officers and
for the occasion the lodge met in Union
Square Hall. At the close of the official
business there was an open meeting at
which there was presented a programme
of entertainment which included: \ ocal
holo. Miss I go; select reading. Dr. A. S.
Cook; recitation, Miss Hearn; whistling
solo. Miss Gertrude Judd. The lodge had
as guests during the evening the mem
bers of Yerba Buena Lodge of the
Knights of Honor, who visited in a body.
At the close of the programme there were
dancing and refreshments.
All the members of the order sympa
thize with Mrs. B. W. Conrad, the Grand
Protector, who recently lost her husband
by death.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Last Monday Yerba Buena Lodge re
ceived twenty applications and initiated
two candidates. The applicants were all
favorably passed upon by the medical ex
aminer. At the close of the session the
lodge in a body went to Union Square
Hall and there visited Aurora Lodge of
the Knights and Ladies of Honor, and
were entertained by an interesting pro
gramme of music and song, after which
refreshments were served.
Polar Star Lodge Is preparing for a
smoker and increase meeting.
Deputy Frank Lawrence and W. J.
Thompson, G. V. D., visited Leland Stan
ford Lodge last Thursday and performed
the ceremony of initiation. The lodge
has several applications on the reporter's
desk.
Liberty Lodge will have a reading by
genial Ben I. Salomon to-morrow night,
and it will be a real treat. An invita
tion has been extended to all members of
the order.
Eureka Lodge will give a smoker dur
ing the second week in April.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
The ol«. English tea party that was
given last Thursday night in St. George's
Hall by the members of Britannia Lodge
was one of the most successful affairs
that was ever given by this lodge. In the
hall there were twelve tables, which were
filled with all toothsome dishes that are
to be found in an old English country
home, and there was served by the com
mittee of the lodge tea as it is made in
England. There were more than 100 who
occupied seats at the tables. After the
repast the tables were removed, dancing
was inaugurated, and between dances
two gypsies from one of the local camps,
who occupied a tent at one end of the
hall, told the fortunes of the young and
old. The affair was under the direction
of Mesdames E. Witts, R. Hewitt, A.
Brierley, E. J. Williams, J. B. Staples,
G. Mulilner, S. Johnson and H. Williams,
the committee on entertainment.
THE KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
The grand chancellor has announced
the following visits for the future: March
28, Laurel, Metropolitan and Excelsior
lodges in the hall of Laurel Lodge; 29th,
Damon, Mystic. South San Francisco,
Ivy Justice, Roma and Mars lodges. In
the hall of Mars Lodge; 30th, Ivanhoe,
Alamania, Syracuse, Bay City and Har
monic lodges, in the hall at 223 Sutter
street, in the room of Bay City Lodge;
31st, Golden Gate and I'nity lodges, in the
hall of Unity Lodge; April 1, California,
Eureka, Golden City and Fairmount
lodges. In the hall of Fairmount Lodge.
All other meetings will be held in Pyth
ian Castle.
During 1897 the net increase in mem
bership exceeds u»at of the previous year.
The greatest gain was in Redlands Lodge,
which added fifty-one to its membership.
Lompoc Lodge gained thirty-seven, .i«.ed
Star Lodge of San Diego thirty-three, and
Bay City Lodge of this city twenty-two.
The increase of funds exceeds $SOOO.
The grand keeper of records and seal
Is making arrangements for the usual re
duced rate of fare with the various trans
portation companies to reach the Grajid
Lodge session at Santa Rosa, which is to
commence on the 18th of May. Informa
tion on this subjec. will soon be dlstrib-
Falrmount Lodge wul hold its first con
vention in Mission Masonic Hall on the
Ist of April on the occasion of the official
The First Regiment. TJ. R. K. of P..
with headquarters in this city, and the
Second, with headquarters at Red Bluff,
will hold an encampment at Santa Rosa
beginning on the^l4th of May.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
Court Bohemian, at its last held session.
Initiated two candidates and received
three applications. Court Lincoln initi
ated live. The picnic committee will meet
this week to make arrangements for the
annual picnic. _
High Sub-Chief Ranger Boehm and
High Court Secretary Goldaracena during
the past wpck viMted the court at Milton,
and the high court secretary also visited
the court at Copperopolls.
Court Onward was visited last week by
the high sub-chief ranger and a profit
able evening was spent.
Court Comanche has suffered a loss In
the death of J. H. Tift. Its chief ranger.
A new court has been instituted at Ari
zona by Deputy Sodel with a flattering
membership.
Jt is contended that no school in the State is more finely located than the Chico
Normal, the gardens of which are especially noted for their beauty and cultivation.
The facilities for open-air exercise are very complete, and every afternoon after
recitations the tennis courts and ball grounds may be seen swarming with sport
loving young men and women. The faculty of the Chico State Normal School is a
strong one, having been selected with the greatest care and with the purpose of
giving the students a broad and liberal view of educational problems. The board of
trustees comprises, besides the Governor, State Superintendent of Public Instruction
and the president, representatives of the four professions of theology, medicine, law
and teaching.
tered the school.
This growth and enthusiasm has con
tinued until the Normal, which had only
about 130 pupils in" the month of June
during each of the years 18% and 1897.
now presents an enrollment of 250, with
an average attendance of 235. The aver
age age of the new pupils Is between 18
j and 19 years and they represent the coun
i ties of the great central valley from Kern
to Siskiyou and from Santa Cruz to
Sierra.
Of the nine students who have gradu
ated since last September six have al
1 ready secured schools. The whole list of
' Chico Normal graduates now numbers
; 234, and they are represented by teachers
| in forty-two different counties of Call
; fornia and many hold positions in other
States. This fact disproves the state
ment which is often made that Normal
School students do not often con
tinue In the profession.
ON THE BLACKBOARD.
Miss Cleveland, principal of the Rlncon
! Grammar School, has found the follow
| ing supplementary readers especially
1 pleasurable and instructive to the chil
1 dren: The Seaside and Wayside Series,
by Julia McMain Wright; Eggleston's
History; The American History Stories,
edited "by Mara L. Pratt; James Johon
not's on* animal and nature study, and
1 on history; stories of industry by Chase
: and Clow.
A citizen of San Diego, writing to the
Union of that city, says:
"I am, like many of our citizens, deeply
concerned as to the proposition to close
i the High School next year, and feel tha s t
it would be little short of a disgrace to
the city were such a thing allowed to hap
pen, or that the efficiency of our other
WHIST
MATCH FOR THE RIDEOUT TROPHY.
A challenge match for the Rideout trophy
was played last Saturday afternoon and even-
Ing In the rooms of the Trist Duplicate Whist
Club In the Berkshire.
This match was one of the most Interesting
that have ever yet taken place. What made It
so was the fact that Mr. Milton C. Work of
Philadelphia, the author of "Whist of To-day."
and a great expert, played as a member of th» '
Trlst Club team. The San Francisco Club
team, captained by ex-President George E.
Bates, put. up as strong a team as he could
get together, and President John G. Sutton of
the Trist did the same. Mr. James A. Thomp
son, president of the Mill Valley Whist Club,
acted as referee. This jolly, genial . banker
performed the duties required of him like a
veteran. It was to be regretted that Mr. Work
suffered during the entire game with an ag
gravating toothache, requiring the attention of
a dental surgeon during the play. After the
first half of the match was finished both teams,
including the referee and scorer, were invited
I by ex-President George E. Bates to the Uni
versity Club, where an elegrant dinner was
served, given in honor of our distinguished
visitor. After many happy little anecdotes of
whist experiences were told Referee Thompson
ordered the teams to start in on the second
half. The match consisted of 48 deals and
ended about midnight with a total net gain of
two tricks for San Francisco over Trlst. Of
the 4S deals played. 13 broke even. San Fran
cisco gained on 19 with a total of 27 and Trlst
gained on 16 with a total of 25. At the end of
the forts fourth deal the Trist team was 6
tricks to the good, but one or two of the pla> -
ers tumbled all over themselves to see who
could give away the most . tricks, : and they
succeeded in passing out only 8 in the 4 deals.
RIDEOUTTROPHY LOST ON THESE DEALS.
Deal No. 45 — 4 Clubs trump. East leads.
Spades— J, S.
Hearts— X, 3.
Clubs— K. 9. 4.
Diamonds— J, 8, 7, 6, 4.
Spades 2. " fj _
Hearts— A, 10, 6, . w Spades- 9. 5.
Clubs-Q, J. 5. W E He^rts-Q 8. 7.
Diamonds— X, 10. Clubs— lo. 8. 2.
5 j S Diamonds— Q, 2.
Spades— Q. 10, 7, 6.
Hearts— J, 9, 5.
Clubs— 7, 6. 3.
Diamonds— A, 9, 2. •
* Score— N. and S. Trist, 4; S. F.. 8.
Deal No. 47—7 Clubs trump. West leads.
Spades— B, 7. 4. 3.
Hearts— X. J. 7. 4.
Clubs— A. K. Q.
Diamonds— 7.
Spades— A, Q. 5. N Spades— X. 10,2.
Hearts— Q. 10. 9, Hearts— A. 6.5, 2.
™ 8 V T , n „ W E Clubs— 6, 6, 3.
Clubs— J. 10, 8. Diamonds — A,
Diamonds — 6, _ . X f 4
&• => ' "
Spades— J, 9, 6.
Hearts— 3.
Clubs— 9, 7. 4, 2. .
Diamonds— Q. J, 9, 3, 2.
Score— and S. Trlst, C; S. F., 9.
Deal No. 48— Ace Hearts trump. North leads.
v Spades— Q. 10. 7. S. - Vv~
Hearts— 6, 2.
Clubs— A. Q. 9, 8, 3, 2.
■ Diamonds—
Spades—A. X, J. ' N Spades-6.
5 42 Hearts— X. 10, 5.
Hearts-A. Q. 9. W E . Clubs-K. J. 4.
Clubs— lo. 7, 6. Diamonds— A, X,
Diamonds— S J > 7, 6 2.
Spades — S.
m Hearts—. 8. 4, 3.
Clubs— s.
Diamonds— Q. 10. 9. 8, 4, 3.
Score— N. and S. Trlst, 5; S. F.. 6.
Next week we will give the play. '
MILTON C. WORK AT THE WHIST CLUBS
' Last i Monday evening Mr. and ■ Mrs. ' Milton
C. Work were guests at the San Francisco
Whist Club. The , play for the evening was a
pair contest. • ,
■ Mrs., George E. - Bates, wife of President
Bates, and Mr. Work— Mrs. Work and Mr.
John . Curtis— paired off— the latter making the
top score, and the former next to the top. ' - •
Alter the play, refreshments were served,
and a good social time In general was had.
The guest of the evening was called upon for a
few remarks, and In a very happy vein Mr.
Work held up the mirror so we could see our
selves as others see us In regard to the whist
play In our clubs. He stated that San Fran
cisco could stand its own with the average
strong players of the country, and particularly
urged our whist clubs to send a delegation of
whist players to the next congress, and show
the whist world what California can do.
Friday evening last Mr. Work was the guest
of the Linda Vista Club of Oakland, at the
home of ex-President R. B. Callry.
After the introductions and hand-shaking,
the entire party sat down for whist. Mrs. E.
H. Heron, one of the best lady players in the
club, was the lucky one to piay with the dis
tinguished guest.
After the game was over, Mr. Calley in a
witty and humorous speech presented the pair
having the highest score two beautiful auto
graphed volumes of Mr. Work's "Whist ot To
day" — edition de luxe. The prizes were won by
Dr. E. L. Dow and Mrs. Walsh, wife of the
president of the club. Mrs. Calley, who Is not
quite so great a whist enthusiast as her hua
schools or teaching staff should be In any
way Impaired. In the case of a distressed
family, when others were simply condol
ing with them, a Quaker said, 'I sympa
thize $50.' So I am willing to be one of a
hundred to subscribe and pay over $50.
whereby a sum of $5000 can be raised and
the whole of the schools be kept up for
the present and next year to their usual
standard, by the end of which time I ex
pect such extraneous aid will be unnec
essary. JOHN NIVEN.
"San Diego, March 12, 1898." 4
• * •
With the aid of some of the members of
the Humane Society. Mrs. J. F. Carey,
founder and head of the San Diego Indus
trial Schools, has recently organized a
Band of Mercy numbering over sixty of
her pupils.
The recent meeting of school superin
tendents of the nation at Chattanooga
wa6 full of Inspiration and practical
work. The Pacific Coast States were not
well represented.
• • •
Music hath charms not only "to soothe
the savage breast," but to quiet as well
the unruly members of many a boistes
ous school. Music in school never means
a loss of time, as many teachers are
wont to give as their excuse for not hav
ing more singing.
It really means more time for the study
of arithmetic, history, geography and
every other study. Gather up the rov
ing, straggling thoughts of the boys and
girls and nave them united into a grand
chorus of cheerful singing and negin.
again all together In a united effort on
the difficult problems of study. It pays
to have music in the schoolroom. — Penn
sylvania School Journal.
band, asked for a hearing, and stated sh«
thought It was about time to quit their labors
for the evening, and take their scats for re
freshments. As the host and hostess, as well
as Mr. Wprk came from the City of Brotherly
Love, It was sort of a happy reunion.
NORTH PACIFIC WHIST ASSOCIATION.
INVITATION.
In pursuance of an order made by the
executive board of the North Pacific Whist
Association, at its meeting at Tacoma on
February 22. 1898. an invitation is hereby
extended to all whist clubs belonging to the
Pacific Coast Whist Association, to join
the North Pacific Whist Association, and
participate in its conventions and contests
on the same terms as present members.
An announcement of the programme for
the fifth annual convention to be held
at Portland, Or., on April S and 9, IS9B,
and. a copy of the constitution and hy
laws of the North Pacific Whist Associai.
tion accompany this invitation.
GEORGE LEWIS GOWER,
Tacoma, March 10. in<»<*. Secretary.
It Is the source of general regret among
many of the whist players that this associa
tion selected Good Friday ror the opening day
of their whist tournament and this will no
doubt prevent many from attending from this
section of the country, but all those who can
go will be right royally received.
NON-MNEMONIC WHIST AT THE TRIST.
The members of the Trlst Duplicate Whist
Club are trying a new scheme Introduced bjr
P. J. Tormey, something on the order of what
is known as single-table duplicate, and are try-
Ing to see If they can make It non-mnemonic,
so that club pair matches can be played to &
finish, declaring one pair the winner, and also
have It a nice game for four players.
The great objection to playing the ordinary
game is memorizing the cards for the over
play, making ft a test of memory Instead ot
a test of skill. Many of the leading whist
players of the country, like John T. Mitchell,
father of duplicate whist; Judge Bunn of St.
Paul, Milton C. Work of Philadelphia and a
score of others will play twenty-four deals and
any time within a week will tell you how anil
the order in which each and every card wa»
played for the entire Bitting. The obstacle to
overcome is to do away with the possibility
of remembering them. The v.-ay this new idea
is being tried at the Trlst Club Is as follows:
First of all the cards are well shuffled and
dealt by some one not playing. A 9 twenty
four deals are the usual number that is played
during a sitting that is the number that we
have taken. When the cards are shuffled and
ready for play the trays are placed on the
table in the usual manner, one at a time, and
played In the regular order from one to twenty
four, the arrow always pointing to the north.
A small card, say the deuce or tray from
each suit. Is selected by the dealer for the
trump card, rotating and changing the color to
avoid marking any of the deals. When you
have finished the play of the twenty-four deals
you will find you have played twelve originals
and overplayed them in the mlx-ui>. The
twelve odd-numbered deals, 1, 3, 5. 7 and so
on to 23 Inclusive, are duplicated In the even
numbers 2, 4, 6. 8 to 24. not in regular order,
of course, but in an irregular one.
The suits are changed or transposed in the
even-numbered deals to correspond with the
odd. In all duplicate whist sets on the odd
numbered trays the leader is either east or
west, and on the even-numbered trays th«
leader is north or south.
Special score slips are used, so that the re
sult of all contests of this kind can be an
nounced in a few minutes after the game is
orer. We would like to have whist clubs try
this and Bee how It works. If It gives good
satisfaction or otherwise the Whist Editor ot
The Call will be pleased to hear from them.
WHISTLETS.
If the Marlcopa Whist Club of Phoenix,
Ariz., will send us a complete list of tholr
members we will forward them some whist
literature.
The Call's "Whist \<*hys" will not be ready
for general circulation Inside of three or four
weeks.
A challenge match for the American Whist
League trophy was played at Minneapolis
on Saturday last between the home club and
the Chicago Duplicates and won by the latter
by a score of 22 to 17.
A UNIQUE GAME.
For a simple amusement try the tel
egraph game. Provide as many tele
graph blanks as there guests. They
will give them for the asking at any
telegraph office. Select the initial let
ter of ten words; for instance T H
B, A, E, E, I, W, S, G. Hand each
guest a telegraph blank and have him
or her write thereon a message to you
using these letters for the beginning
of each of the ten words. Collect the
telegrams and read aloud. If letters not
commonly useu in making words, like
Z, X, V, etc., be selected, the greater
ingenuity is required to write the tele
gram. For instance, using the letters
above for an illustration, one could A
write: % M
STARTING POINT, March 1, ISDS 10 pm
MRS. J. G. BLANK:
This has been an enjoyable evening I
will say good-night. MARY THOMAS.
Of course each person has the same
letters, and the idea is to note the di
versity of the sentences. — March
Woman's Home Companion.A SCHEME FOR GETTING REAL
PLAYS, AND SEVERAL
SYMPHONY PARAGRAPHS.
often it has been submitted by the
fnands of Gustav Walter of the Or
pheum that he has more dare-devil en- !
te:prise than any other manager in the
t< ivn. And cs things have been run- !
r.:ng along rather unsensaticmally at :
the Orpheum these several months
rist, I should like to see Mr. Walter i
jut his nerve to the test. Let him give I
■us a season of legitimate drama. The
Orpheum needs something different and '
so do we. By the time you have gone
to the Baldwin, the Columbia, the Alca- •
zar, the Tivoli, even Moiockto's, and got
various dc-ses of the variety in every
one of those theaters, the Orpheum has j
lost its distinction. And since Messrs.
Friedlander, Gottlob & Marx and the j
lesser managers have made such a ■
complete jump into a field which Mr.
"Waiter, in his heart, must hold to be
his very own, I see no reason why he j
Bhould not indulge in a little retalia- !
tory rivalry and give us in the Or- j
pheum what the other theaters neglect i
to provide, and with profit to himself
and to us. I do not mean that Mr. i
"Walter should abandon the kicker, the ;
juggler and the comic singer at a single i
lurch; but he might do as is done in the I
vaudeville houses of New York, Boston j
and other places of size and circum- j
stance, and in homeopathic doses reac- i
Quaint us with the drama. It is a poor I
variety bill in the East nowadays that i
does not include condensed "Car- I
men" or canned "Camille," or
some boiled down version of a
real play played by live actors.
This system of sawing off masterpieces
and telescoping the genius of the "pur
fesh" may not be the noblest way of
uplifting the stage, nor ane that would !
be wholly satisfying to persons of nor- i
mal dramatic appetite; but at least it !
would be better than going without |
plays and playacting altogether, which
is what we have been doing for the
most of a season.
• • •
I hope Mr. "Walter does not think
that he has given the condensed drama
and the lightning "legit" fair trials in j
such skits as have been presented at \
the Orpheum by such people as Ed
mund Hayes and Emily Lyttan, Patrice
and "Alf" Hampton, and the present i
Mr. and Mrs. Charles T. Ellis. These
people are not representative and their
ill-arranged skits have no association ■
with the playwriter's craft. In fact, it
was the enthusiastic approval given by
the clientele to Patrice's piece, "A New
Year's Dream," that at the time made
me skeptical of the success of a really
good dramatic act at the Orpheum. But
with his nerve and enterprise Mr. "Wal
ter might at least try one. He could
cheat the warm Sabbath gallery of its
hoots and hisses by Introducing the
.Tew turn on a Monday night. Sunday
night weald never do now that the pic- \
Die season is about to set in. I have '
watched the Sunday gallery at the Or-
Vheum for several years and it is never
co dangerous as after dancing on El
Campo steam and dining on Davis
street red.
• • •
Any way I wish that I might publish
Mr. Walter's announcement of Minnie
Seligman. Maurice Barrymore or any
of the many decent actor folk who have
been doing their little turns in the vari
ety this season — if only to frighten the
other managers into booking something
strong and sensible. If all the vaude
ville farces which have clayed here in
the last year had been first class, we
still should have had too much of a
oood thing; for I fear that lots of quiet,
cultivated persons who used to include
the theater among their pleasures, and
now make a specialty of avoiding it,
will require unusual persuasion before
becoming playgoers again. If I could
only bring myself to believe that "Al"
Hayman and Charles and Daniel Froh
man and the other brothers of the
thrifty blood and the syndicate have
really retired from theatrical business
tn San Francisco, I should say that
their revenge has been gloriously com
plete. As it is we have more than ex
piated our past fastidiousness in see-
Ing the shows of this season.
An audience such as any manager
might swell himself to entertain may be
seen in the Tivoli every other Thurs
AMTTSEMENTS. j AMUSEMENTS. . I AMUSEMENTS.
OOOOOOOOOCSOOOOOOOOOOOOO>QOOOOOO OCOOOOOOOOOCXXXXXXXXX)OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCO
I BALDWIN THEATER. J! COLUMBIA |
■h Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT. TO . , C J"- s£[iR SOIND/W l§
©■$> MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY. LAST TIME,
g'3" , Wm. A. Brady and F. Ziejffeld Jr. Present The Burlesque Extravaganza.
I THREE ALLURING ATTRACTIONS RIOE ' S " l 498 !" 2
C<?> First and Only Appearance in San Francisco of . .TO-MORROW NIGHT. . '' £»
ft® DooMtifn! TT TI~TT%T TT TX T~"> T" T" AND ALL WEEK, • ~Q
fi» Beautiful A TV T l\T A 'I II? I II james j. «8
ijKSSS AIN IN A nJILJJ rnRRFTT?
§& "Yvette Ouilbert cave one little vivid picture of Paris life; Anna Held elves V_j li J[ 1' I J I i X JL ? Q
: one Paris itself." I <z g
rri.« »«»fl_ii;QT»niTi(T A /^ A "KF rNC/^n\ /CD And His Admirable Dramatic Company in "
o<s> The care-dispelling, A QAY^ DECEIVER Charles E. Vincent's Comedy-Drama, 11 S
«*, Sadness shifting comedy. ..M UM I L>t-V^l-I V L-f\, XTA\/ A I > A FACT *8
g-> And the Positive Sensation of the Year. AINAVALV-AUt l^R
oX THE CflT tfND THE CHERUB. iySssg![Si^&^|^|B
OX 11 I 1 " ■ V : i ■ ' v BESULAB PBICEB .....[ZSe, 50e, 750 »nd $1 JO
Q J The Cavalleria Rusticana of the Dramatic Stage. . • _ 4th _ James A . Herne ln .. SH ORE J8
Q- : 1 April 4th—James A. Herne in 'SHORE .Q
X4> COMING • ' HOYT'S "A STRANGER IN NEW YORK."! , ACRES." '<5
§!' .?> *> <sv <?> <?> <*• ,-»- <$> ♦*♦ ♦ ♦ *> «• <" * '» $
oooooooooccooooooo^oooooc
. ■
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY, MARCH 27. ,
FAREWALL POPULAR CONCERT
Given by
'.;MARTEAU, LACHAUME •••
And a Grand Orchestra. ' ,
Oondnetars— MAßTEATJ and LACHAUME.
*>nc**. 60c, 7(o- 1 juui si CO. 6eau now reaflJf.
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
day afternoon during the symphony
season. I have poked seriousness at
the women of the Symphony Society
for making such a swagger function of
hearing good music, and I have ques
tioned whether more than one to the
score of them has much idea what
Scheel and his band are doing, but I
have always said, and say a^ain, that
they make the swellest, sweetest, hand
somest audience in town. I assure you
it is a pleasure to be one of the lone
male persons who dot their perfumed
midst of a Thursday afternoon. If you
are in the habit of reading those heavy
reviews of the symphony concerts that
appear in this paper you may recall
that the appearance of Marteau as the
soloist at the concert before last was
regarded by the prophetic ear of your
humble servant as the harbinger of
disaster. Martecu himself is an artist
and entirely all right; but taking into
account our usual distance from first
class soloists, and remembering the dis
mal experiences of Mr. Hinrichs with
local virtuosi, I trembled for the artistic
fate of the symphonies if once the solo
habit was acquired by the fashionable
persons whose patronage alone makes
the concerts possible. Well, the disas
ter happened most fortunately soon,
last Thursday, in the 'cello solo of Mr. j
Ernest Lent, which was so palpably
bad everybody found it out. I dare say :
>.•s,<s> <s> <j> <$><?> <?» <?> <J> <g> <S> <S> <g» -S> <?> <S> <B><S>'<!
xxxjooooooeocooeoooooooooooc
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Beginning Monday, March 23.
TWO NIGHTS and WEDNESDAY MATINEE.
The Greatest Living American Novelist,
F. MARION CRAWFORD,
In a Series of Three Lectures.
I— LEO XIII IN THE VATICAN.
3-italVan*home life in MIDDLE ages I
Reserved 5eat8.................50c, 7oc and $1.0-3 j
CENTRAL PARK TO-DAY.
AT 2 P. M.
GRAND OPENING OF THE SEASON..
PACIFIC STATES BASEBALL LEAGUE.
CHAMPIONSHIP PACIFIC COAST.
SAN FRANCISCO
.-.. .V. «... :, — vs. — ':-.", -'■■-'- '
SANTA CRUZ,
■ . ■ Admission, esc'..,'.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL,. SrXDAY, MARCH 27, 1893.
Mr. Lent is a good musician; his
"Rhapsodic Erottque," for string or- 1
chestra, horn and harp, showed that
very prettily — although the music •
hardly lived up to the yellowness of its
title; and those who know him say that
he is a fair 'cellist and that his
failure of Thursday was due to stage
fright. But whatever the accomplish
xx»oooocK>o6oooooooooeooceo
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Last Two Performances of
"THE UPPER HAND."
Commencing TO-MORROW, M»rch 28,
Grand Revival of the Great Moral Melodrama,
TEN NIGHTS
IN A BARROOM !
Reappearance of
HARRY MAINHALL as JOE MORGAN.
The Infant Prodisry, LA PETITE LUND, as
"Little Mary."
SPECIAL NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
Brilliant New Comedy and Specialties.
Evening Price*, 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday.
ments of Mr. Lent, and with all re
spect and sympathy for him, I think it
was for the best that he played badly.
It oettleß the soloist question on the
right side, and I don't think the direc
tors will be In a hurry for another ex
periment.
• • •
While the directors of the Symphony
Society are perfectly Justified in bar
ring out all local soloists, so long as
they do it on the simple ground that
there is not a violinist or pianist in
the county whose solo would not spoil
a symphony concert, I do not see why
they should exclude the work of all
local composers merely because it is
the work of local composers. I men
tioned this to one of the directors the
other day, and he said they absolutely
had to refuse all home-made music,
else Mr. Blow, who plays the flute in
the orchestra, and Mr. Scrape, who is
related to a director, and Mr. Bang.
| who writes critiques for one of the pa
■ pers, would fall on them with tons of
MSS. and ther^ would be no room left
on the programmes for Beethoven and
i Tschaikowsky. l asked him if Mr.
Scheel or some of the musicians of the
directory could not pass on submitted
scores; but he said that that might
cause hard feelings and jealousies and
that it was safer not to dally with
local compositions. So here we are
with an almost permanent orchestra —
AMUSEMENTS.
alcazar/jmeater.
SUNDAY NIGHT
£Sr The Very Last Time of
f-%wl The Girl . .
feyt Up to Date.
i=T^^^^3! TO-MORROW (MON-
rrri^F?/^^ DAT > night.
The Egyptian Farce,
fTHIS SUNDAY NIGHT
The Very Last Time of
The Girl . .
Up to Date.
TO-MORROW (MON-
DAY* NIGHT.
The Egyptian Farce,
WE
M-I1Y.!
$*&^Sf As Produced at the
-fflft.«;flc Comedy Theater, I»n-
' " '' I' 1 ;"'; "' don, England. Novel
Though he has ?,n1 rs Unlque Sta€e Set "
been dead 4000 tlngs
yenrs he is live- Our Original Prices.,
!ly fellow Still.. . . 15c, Me, 35c. 50c
To accommodate our patrons seats can be
had by telephone— Main 254. .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mks. Erxs»tln"eKkki.ixg. Proprietor & Muu^a:
THIS EVENING!
THE LAUGHING '•.TRIUMPH. "
The Most Successful of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
V. THREE HOURS OF FUN. "
BRIGHT! BREEZY! BRILLIANT!
NEW SONGS — DANCES — SKITS — NEW.
Popular Price 5.......'.....-- ..'..25c and 50c
. No Telephone Orders Received. . .
BASEBALL
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Bts. • ■'
SAN FRANCISCO LEAGUE CLUB
; . . ■.. . . . ■ .-. '■ -_ vs. .-., * - ■'.*;•:•.•>'
OAKLAND CLUB. j
JAMES J. JEFFRIES, the Coning ' Champion, and !
JIM McDONALD, Will Umpire th» Gates.
1 '
j and a leader of phenomenal accom-
I piishment— whose directors. Instead of
being eager to find out whether there
is any creative musical talent among
their townsmen, deliberately plan to
discourage creative effort, to make a
aome in San Francisco undesirable to
any musician whose genius might now
and then rise above giving music les
sons at so much per. The directors
are to be applauded for getting to
gether the money and the people that
:nake practicable the«maintenance of a
big orchestra, but it must be appar
ent to any one that by stifling the am
bitions of every serious musician, who
(in the circumstances) is unfortunate
enough to live in San Francisco, they
are retarding an art and a civilization
of which the town stands in sore need.
San Francisco does well to be able to
hear good music, but would do better
to foster something of that real musi
cal feeling which she has never known.
I know perhaps less than the symphony
directors about the works of local com
posers. They may. indeed, be of a
very poor sort. But that .should not
close the door against anything good
that might be written. As it is now
! if a Mozart were among us he would
have to go somewhere else to find out
what his music sounded like. And good
American composers are so few that
there is always the chance of discover
ing one. ASHTON STEVENS.
AMUSEMENTS. ■ -:f | AMUSEMENTS.
_ t fa ntt . San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887
STAY y Walter.' Di rector general.
lA/EEK COMmENCING MONDfIY, MARCH 28th.
14-CBE4T NEW VAUDEVILLE '■■ HIOH'FL YEHS— l4fc
THE ARABIAN WONDERS MASSAUD,
PWI P* "^TWI • 1 • T ABACHI,
The 5 Whirlwinds §IL
An Acrobatic Act Full of N»v*ltie«, Surprises and Amasing Feats of Strength tad Agility.
rrWATSON, HUTGHINGS AND EDWARDS,,- -
German Comedy Stars, in the Funny Skit, "THE DRAMATIC AGENT." ■
CARRIE SGOTT The GLISA IN DOS
■ , Gotham's Singing Sonbntte. Orotoignd Musical Clowns.
MONTGOMERY & STONE,
The Beta Brommela »f Blaek-Faee Comedy. \ » , ■■
. . . QEO. H.~WOOD, . . '.,:■
v THE "SOMEWHAT DIFTEBEHT COMEDIAN."
McCALE AND McDANIELS, ! ATHAS AND COLLINS,
, The Knoekabont Hit. ! . The Australian Bceeesses. ,
WR~CHA S. T. ELLIS COM
ITMMX. In^pT-DatoComedT. "MBB.HOQAy'BMUBIC-TSACHSg."
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, March 27 p " quet c^^o?^k^^ lOc \
Last Appearance of the JOSE QUINTETTE. JOSEPHINE BABEL and the CARL DAMMAS TBODPI.
.--■..■- -■-■-.-.-,.■.■ I ■-.■■■:..- .-.•- ~ •: ,• <••■■-. . .-• ■■- •-■ -': ■ ' ~
f»T VMDIi ' Corner of Mtion *nJ . . :
ULllurlA— , Eddy SlrMtt ; ;, : i
,; America's most beautiful music hall. Great- j I
->« ree bill In the world. MAE TLNIbON, I
operatic selections; DOLLY PAXTON. ballad- ; <
Ist- the- 3 ALBIONS. grotesque comedians; (
ZANFRELLA- & WALSH, porch artists, and 1
ten* other*. Matinee to-day. Admission fre«. I i
BaldWirv
Anna Held, "The Cat and the Che
rub" and "A Gay Deceiver I'—this1 '— this
trinity of novelties will be the bffer
ing at the Baldwin Theater for the next
j two weeks, commencing to-morrow
night. The entertainment will open
I with "The Cat and the Cherub." This
!is a dramatization by Chester Bailey
I Fernald of his original story of th*»
same name, which first appeared in
I the Century Magazine. It portrays life
i and character in our Chinatown, as
seen and understood by the Anglo-
Saxon mind. It is said that the play
brings out the Celestial racial peculiar
ities with peculiar vividness. The pas
j sion of paternal love for off -spring,
i the passion of filial devotion to &
! father; the tranquil ownership of a fe
male slave, body and soul; the cooi,
[ nerveless, deliberate pursuit of yen-
I geance by a philosopher; the contemp
uous indifference to the life of an en
emy—these all have a flavor which is
distinctly non-American.
In the chief personality, Wing Shee,
a learned Chinese doctor, the cynicism,
skepticism, sangfroid and subtlety of
ithestrange yellow-skinned race are said
|to be remarkably exhibited. When the
i play opens, this man. Wing Shee, is
seen and heard philosophizing on life
and death with another Chinaman.
Chim Fang. Chim Fang is the villain
of the story, and in the developmenv
of the plot, abducts a Chinese child
(the cherub). The abduction is dis
covered by the son of the philosopher,
who is murdered by Chim Fang. The
powerful and sensational finale of the
play is where the philosopher,
intuitively suspecting the mur
derer of his son, sits beside him and
again discourses on life and death in
the same attitude and manner as he.
did at the beginning of the play, bring
ing his discourse to an abrupt dra
matic period by killing the murderer
He chokes Chim Fang with his own
queue, and when a policeman ap
proaches, props the body up beside him
and talks to it as the policeman passes*
by, and the curtain crocs down.
It will be interesting io note the
"Cat and the Cherub's" resemblances
to and differences from "The First
Born," which so soon fell in popular
favor and was a dead failure in Lon
don, where Mr. Fernaid's play Is still
running.
In relief to the almost grewsome Chi
nese story comes a frothy, farcical
play, "A Gay Deceiver," said to be full
of comic complications and laughable
incidents, and dealing with the troubles
which come to a young married man,
who, to explain some peccadilloes, tells
his wife that they were the escapades
of a twin brother who bears a remark
able resemblance to himself. "A Gay
Deceiver" Is interpreted by a company
including M. A. Kennedy, W. G. Bearh,
Edwin Holland. Harry Mills. Lizzie
Evans, Marie Valleau. Charlotte Deane
and Dolores Lettani.
The final scene of "A Gay Deceiver"
Introduces the feature of the evening.
Mile. Held presenting her French and
English songs. One or two of the num
bers she renders In her native tongue,
the rest are in broken English. During
her engagement here she will sing "The
Contra Bass," "I Want Some One to
Play With Me" and "I Want Dem
Presents Back."
California.
F. Marion Crawford's forthcoming se
ries of three lectures at the California
Theater, beginning to-morrow night,
will certainly attract extensive atten
tion, as no writer of modern fiction is
more widely read than he. As a lec
turer he has already become highly ap
preciated, and in this city will talk up
on his three most interesting and at
tractive subjects. On Monday evening
the theme is to be "Leo XIII in the Vat
ican." "The Original Mr. Isaacs' Early-
Newspaper Experiences in India" will
! be given on Tuesday evening, and the
Wednesday matinee will be devoted to
"Italian Home Life In the Middle
Ages."
Columbia.
Mr. James J. Corbett and Mr. Tod
Sloan will be dined on Monday by Mile.
Anna Held. After dinner Mr. Corbett will
appear for the first time in his native
city at the Columbia Theater in the
title part of "A Naval Cadet." Mr. Cor
bett's part calls for fierce melodramatic
acting and accomplished pugilistics.
The hero's name is Ned Cornell; he
has a foster sister, whom Bonivarre.
the villain, marries, while Ned is at the
Naval Academy. Bonivarre has just
' deserted a wife and child in Paris. Ned
! wins the hatred of the villain, who in
turn steals the plans of a machine gun
! which Ned has invented while at An
napolis. In looking up the past history
c-f Bonivarre Ned discovers that the
deserted wife had died in time to legal-
I ize the marriage of the villain to his
I foster sister. Bonivarre learns that the
I sister has fallen heir to rich properties,
j and he buries her in an underground
! den in Paris, where, after many mighty
! adventures, comes Ned. Great realistic
I fight scene' The villain and his ac
! complices die and all ends with com
fortable serenity.
Alcazar.
The new piece at the Alcazar will be
"The Mummy." an English farce which
! was played In the East last season by
! Robert Hilliard. "The Mummy" is in
the nature of a satire on Egyptologists.
The curtain of the first act rises on
the study of Professor Garsop, a learn
ed student of Egyptology. Among other
NEW WESTERN ] HOTEL,
KEARNY AND .WASHINGTON \ STS.— RK-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. ~ European* plan. Room* 60c to $1 50day,
16 to $8 week.* $8 to $30 month. - Free •- bathf;
hot and cold water every room; fire grate* Is
evtrv room: elevator rust all ukbU •
curios of ancient origin he has one. the
mummified remains of a Rameses. sup
posed to be 4000 years old. Upon thi*
subject Garsop has been experimenting
with the aid of sacred oils and elec
tricity, in the hopes of resurrecting It
to life, and thus carrying out a translat
ed Egyptian law, which had been found
in the* tomb with the body. An Egypt
ian Congress is about to convene, ana
among the assembling delegates is one
Professor Smyth, deputed to the con
vention by ffce American Egyptologist
Society, and his daughter, Hattie. Hat
tie examines the curios and accident
ally presses the button which awakens
RaTneses. He is informed that no mat
ter what question is put to him he
must always answer in the affirma
tive.
The second act finds Rameses creat
ing no end of confusion and chaos
reigning as the curtain falls. The last
act explains the mystery and settles
several love affairs, which have been
in active progress during the earlier
scenes of the farce.
Mo-osco's.
This week the patrons of Morocco's
will see a revival of that rare old tem
perance drama, "Ten Nights in a Bar
room." New scenery has been painted
for the production and spicy specialties
I will relieve the strain of jim-jams and
1 crime.
Harry Mainhall, whose health is re
j stored, will reappear with the com
; par.y in his conception of Joe Morgan,
j the sot, whose life is reformed through
! the efforts of Little Mary, his daugh
! ter. The latter character will be played
j by La Petite Lund, the infant prodigy
I whose clever specialties have been
I pleasing the patrons during the past
I week. Landers Stevens and other
stan. ays of the company will be prom
iner «y cast.
Orpheunrv
With the opening o' Kansas City
i and St. Louis the Orpheum circuit be-
I came the largest vaudeville eombina
| tion in the country. For this week tha
management is able to announce six
I new turns.
Some startling work in the acrobatia
i line is expected from the Five Whirl
winds, a troupe of Arabian acrobat 3.
' who have but recently appeared in this
I country. Comedy features, however.
i predominate in the new bill, for each
j of the new turns is humorous, with the
j exception of the acrobatic act, and
i even this contains several grotesque
i feats. Watson, Hutchings & Edward*
! head the list of funmakers. with a Ger
' man sketch, entitled "The Dramatic
! Agent." It is said that there are but
few better German comedians than
; Harry Watson, and that Miss Hutch
ings is excellent in songs, dances and
soubrette worfe and Edwards good in
tramp parts. Montgomery & Stone are
black-face comedians. George H. Wood
does a monologue and the Glisandos,
grotesque musical clowns, introduce
some funny work cm the banjo and
other Instruments. Carrie Scott will
appear in a monologue turn, intro
ducing songs, dances and character
changes.
Tiv>o!i.
The "Widow O'Brien" will continue at
the Tivoli until further notice. Mr.
Leary is a strong favorite in the part
!of the widow, and the general cast,
which includes Edwin Stevens. Edith
Hall. Arthur Donaldson and John J.
Raffael, is one of the best ever given
the piece. A host of specialties are in
troduced in the second act, including
a ripping melody of coon songs and
burlesques on "The Heart of Mary
land" and "II Trovatore."
The •Widow" will be followed by a
few nights of "The Bohemian Girl"—
and then the big Easter burlesque,
"Sinbad the Sailor."
Chutes.
At the Chutes the elephant, baby
j lions, wolves, leopards, and all kinds of
; quadrupeds, are attracting attention.
1 Captain Cardono's "African Lion
Hunt" is a unique feature, and the
vaudeville programme offered in ths
Chutes Theater is good. Chiquita is
at home every afternoon and even
ing.
Olvjmpia.
The Olympia Music Hall announces
Mac Tunison in operatic selections, and
Dolly Paxton in ballads. The three
Albion brothers, Zanfrelli and Walsh,
Arneldo, Cecilia Marion, the Adams
sisters and others close their engage
ments with this week.
AMUSEMENTS.
I This Famous Painter's Marvel 1
: ous Sunlight Picture. I
I •'lnterieur de Ferme" i
i (Farmbous* Interiori, I
I A companion piece to "Th« *
\ Blacksmith." on view free of m
. 1 charge, beginning m
\ Monday, March 28th, /
A DOLLAR SHOW FOR A DIME!
' The Finest Collection of ,'
■WILD A.ISTII^^.IjS-
' ' Ever Shown in This Country Is at ' .
- - - THE ZOO - - -
IN THE CHUTES.
CAPTAIN CARDONO and His Group of
TRAINED LIONS and ATTRACTIONS WITH-
OUT NUMBER.
SPECIAL— Two Afternoon Performances To-
day ' at 2 and= 4 o'clock. t C 5C 5
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All. Including Zoo. etc.; Children on
Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
CHIQUITA RECEIVES AFTERNOONS AND
EVENINGS. " ' ■'
UNION COURSING PARK. I
SUNDAY - - - MARCH 27, 1898
TWO CRACK STAKES.
60 Dogs. ■: 60 Dogs.
STRONG HARES.
Trains leave Third and Townsend Sunday
1100 11:30 a. m., 1:30 p. m., Valencia street 5
minutes later. Returning, ■ leave the park at
5 p. m. and immediately, after, the last course.
Ban Mateo . electric cars every 10 minutes.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
: (Ingleside Track.)
Racing From Monday, March 21, to
Saturday, : April 2, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Raoe at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. K. TRAINS 12:45 and 1:15 P. M.
DAILY.
," Leave Third-street station, ; stopping ; at V»«
lencla street. Returning Immediately after th«
T * C * a ' \l,' ELECTRIC ! CAR - LINES. - •
: Kearny 'and Mission street ears ev«ry ! Uu*«*
minutes, direct to track without change. • FtU«
more-street cars transfer each way. . ;,
- S. N. ANDROL'S, Preside**,
'■' F. H. GREEN, Secretary, . .- - ,30
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley advanced.
Oats firmly held.
Corn and Rye dull.
Dried Peaa higher.
Fifteen dollars bid for new Oat Hay.
Beans dull an-3 weak.
No change In Flour.
Onions firmer.
Asparagus lower. Pea-s and Rhubarb higher.
No change in Butter and Eggs.
Poultry about the same.
Fruit market unchanged.
Provisions as dull as ever.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Hogs in heavy receipt and weak.
Bank clearings gain 30 per cent.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $12,576.
g29, against $9.565,518 for the same week last
year.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from this port during the
first two months of the year were 2.3W.300 gal
lons, against 2,039,400 gallons for the same time
In 1597.
A SPRING SHOWER.
The central part of the State got a very
acceptable shower on Friday, ranging from .35
to 70 of an inch in the Salinas Valley and from
15 to .90 In the San Joaquin. This is by no
means enough, but it helps things along a
good deal.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top tlg
eres at :tatlon indie: maximum temperatura
lor the days; those underneath it. If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
bars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
eir pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
■ long the coast, and the Isobars extend north
end south along the ccast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In Bummer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse or these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
■
WEATHER REPORT.
moth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, March 26. 5 p. m.
Following: are the rainfalls for the -past
twenty-four hours and . seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same dat«
last season:
Past This Last
Stations 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.06 28.53 43.82
lied Hluff 0 ' 12.08 22.77
Sacramento 0 8.59 15.81
San Francisco 0 7.56 20.86
Fresno 0.13 4.01 9.97
San Luis Obispo 0.50 6.05 20.11
Los Angeles 0.24 5.26 16. 4G
San Diego 0.28 4.10 IX M
Yuma 0 1.65 5.35
Fan Francisco temperature: Maximum, 52;
minimum, 41: mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past 24 hours over the western portion of the
country. Over Utah there has been a rise of
half sin Inch or more.
The temperature has risen over the greater
portion of the coast. In Central California
.it has risen from 10 to 1C decrees. It has
fallen rapidly over Utah, Arizona, Wyoming
and eastward.
Rain has fallen over the northern portion
of the Pacific Slope. No rain has fallen in
California durinz th« past 12 hours.
Heavy and killing frosts occurred this morn
ing in California and conditions are favorable
for frosts again Sunday morning.
A maximum wind velocity of 31 miles per
hour from the west is reported 84 Yuma.
Forecasts made at San Francisr-o for thirty
hours ending midnight March 27. IS98:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; heavy
frost in the Interior in the moininir; light
northerly wind: warmer south. -
Southern Caiifornia— Fair Sunday; heavy
frosts in the morning: light northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Sunday; warmer.
Utah — Fair Sunday; warmer.
Arizona — Fair Sunday; warmer west Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday;
light northerly changing to fresh westerly
winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m.: Clear; wind northwest. 24 miles
per hour; temperature, 40: maximum. 46
ALEXANDER Me ADI 13.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The authoritative ;
statement that the Maine Board of Inquiry's
report would be fully as crave as predicted
brought out a full attendance on the Stock i
Exchange to-day. There were animated groups i
about all the active stocks when the market
opened. The feverlshnesß of the foreign mar
kets and the fairy tale that Spain had de- '
clared war which was circulated about the ■
exchange gave momentum to the down-hill '
movement. Fairly law margins were swept .
away and large concessions in values ensued \
on every considerable offering. A quarter of I
an hour after the opening the manifest inten- '
tion of large intere^te to sustain the list led \
traders to cover enormous short linc-s and
prices bounded upward, the shorts frantically
bidding. against each other. It seemed likely
that houses having vast interests at stake had i
come to an agreement over night to buy. On
the bulge here London was a large seller.
After an hour's trading prices were well above
yesterday's close, which was generally at the
best prices. The net Improvements approxi
mate 2 points in the Grangers and exceed 1 per
cent In the leading international favorites. The !
specialties gained from 1 to 3% points. The
trading was on an enormous scale for a Satur
day, the dealings for the short session exceed
ing recent full days' totals.
The week Just ended witnessed a vigorous
resumption of bear aggression, owing to the ]
development of various Influential factors, j
which were utilized to their fullest extent by j
the advocates of lower values. That their I
efforts were signally successful can be best
illustrated by a resume of the final prices of
a week ago, the comparison reflecting losses
in tfie dividend-paying stocks of from 2\4 to 6
points and the specialties suffering to the ex- i
tent of from 6 to 11. The latter group was the j
objective point of attack, and the extreme j
weakness of these properties radiated through- !
out the !ist, wish the Grangers and the prin
cipal international -stocks receiving marked at
tention. The Cuban question continued the
overshadowing feature and the various phases
of the situation as indicated by the tenor of
Washington advices furnished the lever to
alternately advance and depress prices. The
condition of affairs was augmented by the
outcropping of numerous other considerations,
which also exerted a marked bearing on the
financial and commercial situation. The mar
ket throughout was highly feverish and the
ready response to the slightest efforts In favor
of either account afforded some of the active
interests an opj>ortur.ity to make frequtrr.
turns. The speculation at times bordered on
the semi-panicky edge, owing to the appar
ent approach of a crisis In International af
fairs. The outpouring of long ptoefe on these
occasions was striking evidence of the apathy
of the leading interests, the market halting •
only in the downward plunge on the cessation
of traders' offerings and a disposition to cover
at any price by the shorts.
The market then worked gradually upward,
but the returning level was invariably selected
as a new basis of operations by the bears,
and values speedily scrambled to a more pro
nounced lower plane. This process enlivened
the week's proceedings and was accompanied,
at times by wild and animated dealing. The
trading at other periods was intensely slug
gish, but the contraction in business was only
discernible when the market essayed to rise.
The attitude of foreigners was regarded with
considerable interest and quotations from Lon
don from day to day were eagerly scanned as
indicative of sentiment in the leading foreign
financial centers. The great bulk of the arbi
trage operations favored the short account, but
evidences that the foreign speculators were
disposed to accumulate moderate lines on vari
ous levels steadied the market and stimulated
covering. The unwieldy nature of the short
interest forced the leading active Interests to
move prices up sharply, occasionally in order
to shake off an undesirable following. The rank
and file of the street watched the operators
usually employed by Washington interests very
narrowly and were ready to swing from side
to side as soon as they detected the source
and nature of transactions. The leading com
mission houses were persistent sellers and their
constant liquidation dampened bullish enthu
siasm which, generally speaking, was at a low
ebb. The distress among the light waisted
bulls, coupled with the marked exhaustion of
lightly margined holdings and the frequent
calls for additional collateral by lenders, was
followed by private sales which accelerated the
reaction. The bears tested the market fre
quently and where evidence of support was
lacking a stock was vigorously assailed.
The dramatic speech-making in the Senate
describing the horrors of the conditions in
Cuba and the earnest appeals for intervention
by the United States, combined with the an
| nouncement that the Spanish torpedo fleet had
left the Canary Islands en route for Porto
Rico, made the climax of the mid-week's de
velopments. "■:.':
The unfavorable factors enumerated out
weighed numerous healthful Influences, consist
ing of railroad statements, favorable monetary
outlook, encouraging trade advices and the
gold influx, which now aggregates $33,000,000.
The bond market suffered in common, with
the stock market, but the concessions were
less pronounced and business was largely cur
tailed.
Government bonds also exhibited extreme
weakness, with the losses extending to 4 points
in the new 4s.
Total sales of stocks to-day 274, shares. j
Including: Atchlson preferred. 3000; Burling
ton, 22.535: Louisville and Nashville, 6516; Man
hattan, 14.650; Metropolitan, 6650; New York
Central, £076; Northern Pacific preferred 6500;
Rock Island. 16.150; St. Paul, 31,359; Southern
preferred, 3500; Union Pacific, 6420: Tobacco,
6550; People's Gas. 6035; Sugar, 69.615.
CLOSING STOCK*.
Atchison 10% St P& Om . 66%
Do pref 24 Do pref 145
Baltimore & Ohio 15 St PM & M 125
Canada Pacific .. 79*.; So Pacific 13
Canada Southern. 45% So Railway 7% •
Cent Pacific 10% Do pref 25% I
Ches & Ohio 17% Texas & Pacific... 914 !
Chi & Alton 152 Union Pacific ... 43%
Chi 13 & Q S8« U P D & Q 6%
Chi & E 111 62 Wabash 6%
CCC &St L.... 25V; Do pref .« 14%
Do pref 75 Wheel & L E.... 1% I
Del & Hudson ... 106% Do pref 9% :
Del L & \V 145 Express Companies- |
Den & Rio 0 10 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 42% American Ex 120
Erie (new) 11% United States ... 38
Do Ist pref .... 33 Wells Fargo 115
Ft Wayne 166 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 147 A Cot Oil 16
Hocking Val 5% Do pref 65
Illinois Cent 98% Amn Spirits ..... 6%
Lake Erie & W.. 13 Do pref 17
Do pref 66 Am Tobacco 94%
Lake Shore 180 Do pref 112%
Louis A Nash 46% People's Gas 88%
i Manhattan L 94 % I Cons Gas 171
! Met St Ry 130% Com Cable Co ... 160
Mich Cent 102 Col F & Iron .... 18% i
Minn & St L 22% Do "ref 80
Do Ist pref .... 84 Gen Electric 31%
Mo Pacific 24% Illinois Steel ..... 44
Mobile & Ohio ... 26 Laclede Gas 39%
Mo X & T 10*4 Lead 27^
Do pref 31% Do pref 101 % '
Chi Ind & L.... 7 Nat Lin Oil 12 f
Do pref 22 Or Imp Co 25
N J Central 88% Pacific Mail 23
N V Central 106% Pullman Pal ..... 167
N V Chi & St L. 11% Silver Cert 55%
Do Ist pref .... 63 1 Stand R & T.... 1%
Do 2d pref .... 28% Sugar 111%
Nor West 11% Do pref 104
No Amer Co 5% T C & Iron 18%
No Pacific 20%- U S Leather ..... 6V4 :
Do pref 55% Do pref 54 1 *
Ontario & W 13 U S Rubber 15%
Or R & Nay 40% | Do pref 63% !
Or Short Line ... 27 j West Union 84 j
Pittsburg 168 Chi & N W 114
Reading 16 Do pref 172
Do Ist pref .... 38 St L ft S W 4
Rock Island 82 Do pref 8%
St L & S F...... 6% n G W 23
Do Ist r>ref 52 Do pref 54
Do 2d pref .... 24'/, Chi G W 9%
St Paul SS Haw Com Co ... 25
Do pref ■ 144 '
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 118 ,X J C 5s 11l
Do coup 118 In Carolina 6s ... 125
D S 4a 10S I Do 4s 102
Do coup 110 No Pac lsts 112
Do Ms 97% 'Do 3s 58 j
U S 5s reg 110% Do 4s •. .. 93
Do -s coup .... 110% N V C & S L 4s. 103
District 3.65s 115 I Nor & W 6s .... 119
Ala class A I' ■.' • Xorthwstrn cons. 144
Do B 107 i Do deb us .. 115
Do C 97 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 97 O Nay 4s 83
Atchison 4s 87% 11 S Line 6a tr 120
Do adj 4s 564 O S Line 5s tr.... 97% i
Can So 2ds 105U O Imp lsts tr..... 104
Chi Term 4s 80 Do 5s tr 52%
C & Ohio 55.. 112% Pantile Cs of 95.. 103
C H & D 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s 80
D & R G lsts.... 110 R G W lsts ...... SO
D&R G4s SS SL& IM C 55.. SS
Hast* Term lsts.. 104% S L & S F G 65.. 118% i
Erie Gen 4s 67% St P Con 140%
VW & D lsts tr. 65 St PC & P lsts.. 118
Gen Elec 5s . . 101 Do 5s 114% 1
li Hi S A 65.... 102 So Ry 5s 87% j
Do 2do 103 Stand R& T 65... 54
If * i" C 55....:. 109 Term new set 35.. 89
Do con 6s 100 T & P L G lsts.. M
lowa C lsts 97 Do Rg 2ds 30%
Kan P Con tr.. . 99 U P D & G lsts.. 51
X P. Ist D D tr. 120 Wab Ist 5s 103 1
La new cons 45.. I'll ] Do 2ds 74%
L & N Unl 45.... 85 'W Shore 4s 107 " !
Missouri 89 100 :Va Centuries €8
MX & T 2d5.... 57% Do deferred ... 3 !
Do 4s 85 U P pref 48% i
\" V Central lsts.. 115 i Do 4s 89% j
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40] Ontario . 250
Crown Point 20 Ophir".: 44
Con Cal & Va... SO Plymouth 14
Dead wood 75 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 20 Do pref 200 |
Hale & Norcross. 120 Sierra Nevada ... 175
Homesteke 37 M 1 Union Con 45
Iron Silver 34 Yellow Jacket ... 28 '■
Mexican 30 1
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March Atchlson. 10%; Bell j
Telephone, 239; Burlington. 88%; Mexican Cen
tral, 5.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 26— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here are made heavy and - depressed
to-day, on the eve of settlement, when big j
differences are again to be met. Consols were
flat. as also all the speculative markets. There
was a sharp drop of two points ■' in Spanish
fours. The Cuban situation is still regarded
more pessimistically than the conditions in any ;
other quarter. ... "
The politics to-day even affected the money
, market, where the possibility that -war be- !
tween the United States and Spain would ac- '.
celerate gold movements from here to New '
York, was not lost sight ■ of. To-day £125,000
In American gold coin was sold by the Bank
of England and over £200,000 from the Cape
' was bought up for New York. Americans.
1 after a severe fall in the street on an uncon
| firmed rumor that war had been declared by i
Spain, recovered a dollar on good, support.
War risks at Lloyds are said to be still ris- '
ing, but I cannot give the actual quotation.
CLOSE.
; Canadian Pacific. 81%; Grand Trunk, 7%; Bar :
Silver, quiet, 25 9-lGd per ounce; Money, £% per :
; cent. .._ ■ • .
CLEARING HOUSE , BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The Financier says: I
The statement of the clearing house banks of I
New York city for the week ending March 26 I
shows a continued decrease in loans and de
| posits and an Increase In cash. The result of
the week's changes was to Increase ; the re
serves $5,791,425, the total idle cash ;in bank
now footing up $63,851,475. The banks, there
fore.are in a stronger position in this respect
than since the ' beginning of February, but It
cannot be said '. that the : operations by which
I this increase was brought about have been
I profitable to them. , Their - loans have fallen
I off over $46,000,0C0 in five weeks and ' their .. de-
I posits have decreased more than $60,000,000."
The cash in banks at the close of ! the current
week, however, was just about I equal to the
total- reserve ; reported , one ■ month ago. The
I heavy changes in loans and deposits ' have
! been due in large part to continued liquidation
; and the semi-paralysis which has been creep
j ing over the I business . and speculative I world
! since the Maine incident. V -=- ' : ••;• -..>- •'■: • -
Unless some definite disposition of the Cuban I
matter is made within a few days one of the
finest, prospective seasons In the history of the
country; will have been ! partially . ruined. It is
only natural that the New York banks should
put themselves on the strongest possible foot-
Ing, since a sudden demand for currency, will
full - first of . all on : them, : and It must *be said
that they have risen to the emergency. Their
money :is under . strict control , and ~ the con
tinued ' gold : Imports • are j adding to-" their I cash
reserves from week to week. One bank with a
$30,000,000 reserve, reports over $28 000,000 of the
total In specie. The I week's | changes . have no
especial significance other than what ha« been
; pointed out in this analysis for nearly a month
; past. * The decrease of $7,110,500 in loans shows
that 1 liquidation still | continues and ] a - loss of
$1,846,000 legal tenders reflects pretty accurate
ly the : movement toward ; the * interior. .,- The
gain of $7,013,700 In specie was brought about
by : the receipt ~of imported - gold. The . gold
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
holdings of the banks have expanded $17,000,000 J
in the last thirty days, but in the same time j
I legal tenders have decreased in almost exactly
the same amount. In other words the. legal
tenders have gone to the interior while im
ports of specie have filled the vacuum. . ; -
It stands to reason that the money supply Is
larger than ever, and were it not for the un
certainty of the political outlook rates would
be lower than for months past. As it is, gold
Imports will likely continue until something
definite Is known regarding the future and the
profitable employment of this mass of money
six months from now presages an interesting
state of affairs. _
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
. NEW YORK. March 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,229 barrels; exports, 12,192. Quiet, but firmly
held; Minnesota patents. $5 10</?5 40; do bakers
$4 30@4 50; winter straits, $4 50(8-4 60; do extra,
$3 70@4 10; do low grades,' $2 90@3.
WHEAT— Receipts, 103,662; exports. 60.125.
Spot firm: No. 2 red, $103, f. o. b., afloat to
arrive. Options opened firmer on better cables
than expected, and after easing of? slightly
under realizing again rallied on demand for
shorts and strength in Wall street, closing,
firm at l@l%c advance. No. 2 March, $1 00%®
1 01%, closed $1 01; May, 95%@99c. closed 99c. _
HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice, 1895
crop, 4@6c; 1596 crop, 7@9c; 1897 crop. 17@18c;
Pacific Coast. 1895 crop, 4@6c; 1896 crop, 8@10c;
1597 crop. 17ifi 18c.
PETROLEUM— DuII. ,»g>iz
WOOL— Quiet; fleece, 17@22c; Texas, 12@15c. .
PIGIHON— DuII; Southern, 19 75@10 (6; North
ern, ' $10 50(g-12. 
COPPER— Quiet; brokers', ll%c.
LEAD— Quiet; brokers', 3%c.
TINPLATES— Easy. --:•■> lt .  -
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with March
5 points higher, other months unchanged to d
points lower. Sales, SSOO bags. including:
March, 4.90 c; July, 5.15 c. Spot Coffee-Rio,
quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 5%c; No. . jobbing, 6c,
mild, quiet: Cordova. 8%<316c. ■■"•
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and firm; fair refining.
3%c; centrifugal, 96 test; 4c; refined, steady:
mold A. 5%c; standard A, sc; confectioners I
A, sc; cut loaf. 5%c; crushed. 5%c; powdered, ;
6 5-16 c; granulated, 5%c;. cubes, 5 5-16 C.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3501 packages. Steady; |
Western creamery, 15%@19c; Elgins, 19c; fac
t0 EGGS^- Receipts, 1056 packages. Steady; j
State and Pennsylvania, 10% c; Western, 10% c ;
Southern, 10»4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March *B.— California Dried j
Fruits— Apples quiet; other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, s@Sc; \
prime wire fray, 8%@8%c; wood-dried, prime,
8%@8%c; choice. S%c; fancy, 9%@9%c.
PRUNES— 3%@'7%C. , „„_,
APRICOTS— 5%@7e; Moorpark, S%@
10V»C
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6@9c; peeled, 12@15c. "
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 26.— The Wheat market at j
the opening to-day gave some evidence of hay- j
ing entered upon a period of convalescence j
from its sickness of the several days past.
July opened U@%c higher, and although there \
were plenty of selling orders around that figure j
the lowest price of the session was made at the
opening. Liverpool reported an advance of hi® j
%c, the latter in March Wheat, notwithstand- j
ing yesterday's decline here. Injurious weather !
previously reported from California showed no 1 ;
appreciable improvement, only a slight rain- !
fall being reported. The strength with which* j
the market opened increased as ■ the session i ,
progressed. The rise in stocks imparted aj '
buoyant tone to the speculative contingent and
belated shorts were forced to come in. May ;
was neglected except by Lelter brokers, who ;
took all the offerings around $1 03%@l 04, clos- '
Ing It at the latter price. July from 82%@52%c
at the opening, advanced to S2%c, sold off to ;
S2'4c then advanced steadily to 83%@83iac,
closing at S3^c. " . {'
Corn opened firm on large exports for the
week and In sympathy with Wheat. A large
cash business was done for export. May closed j 1
%<SVic higher.
Trade in Oats was fairly active with plenty ;
of liquidation. Cold wave predictions and the j
strength In Wheat caused a good rally and •
left off 'tic higher for May.
Provisions were extremely weak early in the
session and heavy selling on alleged appre- :
hensions of a yellow fever outbreak at the
south. The general bullish sentiment attacked 1
the pit near the close and brought about good 1
rallies. May pork decline! 7%@10c and May '
lard and ribs each lost be.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2- : <■ .-■-■ '■■
December and May... 76% 77% 76% 771,
March .-...104 104 103% 104
July 82% 83% 8214 83%
September -.-... 76^ 77 76 76%
Mav r "..^.°.'...T!..... 25% 28% 25% 28%
May 28Vj 28% 28% 28%
July 29% 30% 29% 30
September 30?* 31% 30% 31% j
Oats No. —
May 25',i 25% 24% 25Vi
July ..;.. 22.%, 23% 22% 23%:
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 940 945 920 937%
July 9 47% 9 47% 9 27% 945 j
Lard, per 100. lbs —
May ...4 93 495, 490 4 92%
July ;..5 00 500 ' 4 97% 500 ;
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May .4 95 4 95 4 90 4 92%:
July '. 5 00 5 00 4 95 5 00
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour dull. .Southern patent, $4 90i5-5; do j
straits, $4 40@4 50: clear do, $4 30ifi4'40; spring
patents, $4 S0!??5 40; soft do, $4 70©4 90: bakers"
sort, $3 40-S3 f,O: No. 2 spring Wheat. 95c; No. 3 !
spring Wheat, BS©97c; No. 2 red, $101; No. 2 ;
Corn, 28% c; No. 2 Oats. 26%@26c: No. 2 white, '
29®30c: No. 3 white. 27Vs@2Sc; No. 2 Rye, 49c: I
No. 2 Barley, 37<f/43c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 17*7)
1 19%; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 83<5>2 87%; Mesa ■
Fork, per bbl, $9 35i5j9 40: Lard, per 100 lbs. .
$4 87%©4 90; Short Ribs Sides (loose), $4 77%@ '
5 05: Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 4%<?i'4"ic: '
Short Clear Sides (boxed). $5 25@5 40; Whisky, "
distillers' finished goods, per ■ gal, $1 19%; 1
Sugars, cut, loaf, $5 88; granulated, $5 88; j '
standard "A," $5 26.
Articles Receipts. Shipment*. I
Flour, bbls 20.000 47.000
Wheat, bu .."..... 92,000 226.000 .
Corn, bu 242.000 110,000
Oats, bu ...; 246.00!) 224,004 :
Rye. bu 10.000 3,000 :
Barley, bu .........;... 44,000 11,500 I
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter '■
market was firm; creameries, 13@18Hc; dairies, '
10%@16c. Eggs firm; fresh, 9V4c. Cheese quiet 1 i
at S<§S\ic.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels. '
Minneapolis 179,900 14,200 ;
Duluth 59.523 30 ,
Milwaukee 14,300 ;
Chicago 92.358 225.730
Toledo 11.707 4.300
St. Louis ..... 11.000 14.000 .
Detroit 22.522 500
Kansas City .26,000 29.500
Totals 417,310 285,269 ■
Tidewater—
Boston 31.554 . .......
New York .103.6."2 60.125
Philadelphia 26.055 9.939
Baltimore .... 13,231 6,635 1
New Orleans 52.000
Galveston 9.350 • 9,000
Totals ...; ..ISS.S42 137.719 ! ;
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. , May. ! ■
Opening ...."„ j
Closing ...... :
Flour —
Opening »:... .... .....
Closing .......; .....
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES. .;. :
March. ' May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening .... 7 9% 7 4% 7 \ 6 6% 6 0% i
Closing .... ..... ...... ..... ..... ;
EASTERN livestock MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 26.— CATTLE— Trade in .:
cattle was dull at steady prices. The light '
supply was readily taken. Extra choice steers
sold at $5 50© 5 75; choice' to .good steers, $4 80@ ;
5 40: fair to .medium, $4 20@4 75; cows and ■
heifers, $3 50@4; calves, $4(g6 90.
: HOGS— Trade 'in - hogs was dull and prices
declined about 2%@5c- Hogs, poorest to best,
sold largely |atj $3 80@3 90, the extreme range
being $3 65@3 95; pigs sold mostly at $3 50@3 80. j
j SHEEP— steady 4 and 1 unchanged :on
light receipts. Sheep sold at $4@4 75 for wooled !
and $3©3 90 for shorn, rams . bringing $2@4; j
yearling lambs brought $4 50<<;5, and lambs $4 75
<&5 60. ■ . ■ ; •! ■ . . ■;-, • ■' : - . '
Receipts— Cattle, 300; Hogs, 15,000; Sheep,
6000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March 26.— Receipts. 1000. i
Market . steady; v native beef steers, :$3 80@5 10;
Western steers, $3 70@4 70; Texas steers," $3 25@
4; cows and heifers, $3 10@4 20; canners, $2 25@
3; stockers and feeders, $3 75@5; calves, $4(g>
6 50; bulls, stags, etc, $2 60@3 75. >
HOGS— Receipts, 5300. Market shade lower;,
heavy, $3 65@S 75; mixed. $3 6503 70; light, $3 60
@3 67%: bulk of sales, $3 60@3 67%.'■•<.
■ SHEEP— 2SOO. Market steady; fair |
.to ; Choice ;.' natives, • $3 7584 70; fair >to choice j
Westerns. $3 GO'S 4 50: common and stock sheep, !
$3@3 90; lambs. $4 23@5 35. .
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, March 26.— CATTLE— Re- i
ceipts," 150. Market unchanged. . ■".:■ »! V
HOGS— Receipts. r 9000. ;■ Market weaker; bulk '
of sales, $3 65@3 75: ; heavies, $3 60@3 85- pack- '
ers. $3 50@3 75; mixed. $3 55@3 75; lights $3 50 ;
@3 70: yorkers, $3 65@3 70: pigs. $3 45«3 60
■ SHEEP— Receipts, 700. Market steady; lambs ■
$4 70@5 30; muttons, ■$3 20@4 60. . -.
-'_s ._ ■ ""-. :■v\ ." ' . DENVER. ,. . .
. DENVER. - March 26.— CATTLE— I
300; market steady to strong; beef steers $4® !
4 50;, cows, $3@4; feeders, freight paid to river
$4@4 50; stockers do, $4@4 90; bulls and sta«s'
$2 75@3 40. v.O - ■ . ■..-:.<■ -. .. -.?*".•..•;■.
- HOGS— Receipts. 300: market .5c lower and
firm; light packers, $3 705 3 75; mixed, $3 65fJ
3 70: heavy. $3 6053.75.--,.- - . . - ■ ;
SHEEP— Receipts, 200; market firm; good fat *
muttons, $3 25<§4 30; lambs. $4 50@5 30.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
• j
' ; LONDON, March 26.— There . was. a. good at- ] *
tendance :at the wool ■' auction sales to-day. ", The : :
bidding s was '• active and ', the ; tone •of : the i sales I
firm. Following are the sales in detail:
! New South Wales, 2800 bales"; scoured, 9d@ls;
I greasy, 6%d. ■* -
Queensland, 3100 bales; scoured, Is %d@ls sd;
I greasy. 7%@10d. - :
Victoria. 1200 bales; greasy, 5%@10%d.
- South Australia, 1800 bales; greasy, 6@S%d.
West Australia. 1300 bales: scoured, 6®S%d. -
New Zealand. 4700 bales; scoured, 7d@ls 4%d;
i greasy, 6%<§S%d. \ , - ; '
I Cape of Good Hope and Natal. 1600 bales;
scoured, 7%d@ls 4%d; greasy, 5%@9d.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March Consols, 111%: Silver,
25 9-16 d.
LIVERPOOL, March 26.— Wheat, dull; car
goes off coast, 1 nothing doing: cargoes on pass
age, near positions in demand.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— No. 1 California. 7s lid; No. 2 red
Western, winter, dull, 7s 7%d.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
3s %d; futures; steady March, 3s 3%d; May,
3s. 2%d: July, 3s 2%d. .  o a*
FLOUR-St. Louis fancy winter, dull. 9s 9d
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, dull, £4@
4 ss. .£_£
■ EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, March 26.— The exports of
specie Were $947,388. of which $168,626 were of
gold and $778,782 were silver. The imports of
specie at this port for the week ending to-day
were $8,169,525, of which $8,070,548 were of gold
and 188,980 were of silver. - ,
The imports of dry goods and general mer
chandise at this port for the week were $11.
193,938. "•■' '■■ "T* w *■ r ~~- ".-".■.-"-■'"*'■■— _ ♦■ — ' s
NEW YORK. March 26.— The British Bank'
of North America has engaged $500,000 in gold
for import. -
NOMHERN WHEAT lIA.3LK«3T.
PORTLAND. Or., March 26.-WHEAT -Wal- j
la Walla, 75@"6c; valley and blue stem, 7>c per
Bushel.*'',;. :■ .-....' ..
WASHINGTON. "
TACOMA. Wi-fh.. March 26.— Wheat .c-#«1
fe-.rcr.s;. v.'.th little trading. No. 4 1 club, <uc;
No. 1 bluestem, 79c. " " _ _ • '•
Cleared— British ship Benicla, for Cape Town.
Africa, with 101.103 bushels wheat; British ship
Clarence S Bement for Queenstown, wlthlO9,
150 bushels wheat. \
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., March 26.— Exchanges,
$228,660; balances $52,767.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — *j |? "
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. — * °? ■
Sterling Cab1e5.......... • — 171/
; New York Exchange, sight — ir^
; Fine Sliver, per ounce "" *?'•
1 Mexican Dollars — 6
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
i WHEAT— Higher Eastern and foreign quota
: tions and the usual dry weather conditi >ns ud
\ vanced both spot and future prices, with a
j good buying demand apparent.
1 Tidewater quotations are as follows : # »I»2
i @1 45 for No. 1, $1 4CVi for choice and $1 47%@ j
; 1 50 per ctl for choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
! Informal Session— o'clock— December—
\ 8000 ctls, $137; 4000, $137%; 6000. $1 37%; 8000,
! Second Session— December— 24,ooo ctls. *137%; j
; 14,000, . $1 38; 36.000. $1 37%. / May— 2ooo, $1 4b;
2000, $1 46%; 6000, $146%: 18.000, $146%. - j
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo I
ctls, $137%; 14,000, $137%. May— 2ooo, $145%;
2000, $1 45%. _,
BARLEY— Prices advanced airain yesterday, j
■ There was a very fair rain in the Salinas and j
San Joaquin valleys, but the market was firm
all the same, and the advance averaged 2%@3c
on cfl. II
Feed,' $1 17%@1 20; Brewing nominal at $1 25® j
; 1 27%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
• Informal Session— o'clock-May— 4ooo ctls.
! $118; 2000, $118%; 2000, $119. December— 2ooo, ;
$1 13%: 4000, $1 14: 8000. $1 14%; 4000. $1 14%; 4000, j
$1 14%; 4000, $1 14%; 8000, $1 75; 2000, $1 15%. _
Second Session— December— ctls, $1 15%;
60C0. $1 15; 2000, $1 14%. •£♦- ;
1 Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo j
i ctls, $1 14: 000, $1 13%. May— 2ooo, $1 16%.
I OATS— advance In Wheat and Barley led
; sellers to hold for better prices, but buyers did
' not respond.
Fancy Feed, $1 32% per ctl: good to choice.
$1 EMM 30; common, $1 20@l 22%: Surprise,
$1 27%@1 35; red. $1 35©1 45; gray. $1 20@l 22%;
; milling. $1 22%(ifl 27% per ctl.
CORN— Quotations are nominal md likely to ,
remain so, according to the local dealers . who !
report the market as wholly dependent on the
East.
Small round yellow, $1 10@l 12% per ctl; large
yellow. $1 t /H\ 10: white, $1 10@l 12%.
RYE— sl 10 per ctl.
' BUCKWHEAT— SI Ts@l 90 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— cash prices are: Family extras, '
$4 75«?4 *1 Bakers' extras, $4 sQ<2l 60, per barrel. ;
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
; lows, usual discount to the .trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour,- $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour, $5 75: Cornmeal. $2 25: extra cream
Cornmeal, $3; Oatmeal. $3 50: Oat Groats, $4;
Hominy, $3 10@3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4;
I Cracked Wheat M 50: Farina."" $4 50: Whole
j Wheat Flour f3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $3 25
©5 65; in sacks, $5 06@5 45; Pearl Barley. $4;
; Split Peas. $3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. .
Hay rules strong and buyers are offering !
; to 'contract for new Oat of the coming crop
at $15, but the farmers will not sell at this
figure. It is all a gamble what the new crop i
will open at, for If Hay gets up to a . fancy j
price many grain fields will be cut for Hay,
so nobody can tell anything about It.
BRAN— n; 50 per ton. -
MIDDLINGS— 50 per' ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $20@26 per
ton: Oilcake M-al at the mill. $'iS ;.0<529 50: i
1 lobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 60022 50; Cot- :
tonseed Meal. $28@30 per ton: Cornmeal. $23®
I 24: Cracked Corn. $23 50@24 50; Chopped Feed,
I Il7©lß.
j HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $19023
per ton: Wheat and Oat, $lSrir22; Oat. $17 50®
19 50: Barley. $17®19; compressed Wheat, $19(3
• 22: compressed Oat. $16®18: Alfalfa, $11@13;
i stock. $12(613: Clover. $13014.
STRAW— 35@43c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
! Green and Nlles Peas are held for more
money, but they are dull. There is no further ;
j change in Beans.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 150! SO: Small Whites,
$1 45«fl 55; Large Whites. $1 40f<fl 55: Pinks.
$2-25@2 10; Retls, $203 25; Blackeye. $2 40@2 50;
Butters. $1 40©-l 60; Llmas. 1292 12%; Pea, $1 40
@1 05: Red Kidneys, $1 S3©2 per ctl.
SEEDS-Brown Mustard, $! 7603 per ctl;
■Yellow Mustard, $2(52 50: Flax, $2 35: Canary
! Seed. 2V'<i; ; V per 11. : Alfalfa. 3@6c: Rape,
! 2*f?""-— Hemn. 3e: Tlitmthv. < 5Uc. ;
DRIED PEAS— $1 Go@l 35; Green, $1 75
@2 per. ctl. - ■ ■ ' -•■
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts of Asparagus exceeded 1000 boxes
! and the market declined. "
Arrivals of Peas and Rhubarb were small
and both sold higher. •
I Onions are doing better, but Potatoes are
still dull.
POTATOES-Early Rose. 50®65c: River Reds,
50@55c; River Burba s»(§6Oc per sack; Ore- I
gon Burbanks, 50®90c: Petaluma Burbanks,
504960 c: Sweet Potatoes. 75c@$l 10 for Merced;
new Potatoes, l@2%c per lb. ' . . _ : ■''■■ _'
ONlONS— Choice. $2 50(tT2 65; comTnon, $1 (5®
2 25 per ctl: cut Onions, 50c@$l 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1042 boxes As
paragus, 164 boxes Rhubarb and 94 sacks Peas
Asparagus. fi@7c per lb for fancy. $1 <5©2 oO
per box for No. 1, $1 2391 50 for No. 2; Rhubarb.
; 7:,cf/*i 50 per box: Alameda Green Peas. 4(S»c
; per ib; Dried Peppers. 6®7c per lb: Dried Okra.
! 12% c: Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl: Carrots v 2. .@60c
i per sack; Garlic. 5(55%c per lb: Cucumbers, 50c
<Bsl per. dozen; Los Angeles and Mexican To
matoes. $2 ' per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES— ■
Potatoes, sliced raw, lie per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated . raw,
13c; Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c: new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Several cars of Eastern are announced for
the early part of the week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ; 10@llc for Gob
bler* and 12!9>13c for i Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12<S15c per lb: Geese, . per pair, $1 25©1 7..:
Goslings, $2 50@3; Ducks. $3 sO's?s for old and
$7©B 50 for young; . Hens. $3<sr4 50; Roosters,
: young. - $7@7 50; : Roosters, old, $3 50@4; Fry
ers. $6<g:6 50; Broilers. $5 50@6 for large, $.i 50®
i 4 50 for small: Pigeons, $2ii2 25 < per dozen for
! young an.l $1 25©1 50 for old.
>- GAME— Nominal. "
BUTTER. CHEESE : AND EGGS.
I There was no change In any description yes
i tenlay. ■'-".■ . ' ' ■''. : '..'. ' : ;- *"_ . . '-' ': /
BITTER—
' Creamery— Fancy creameries, lt@lß%c; sec-
I onds, - 17% c. . ;-• . •-^• -^ „ ■■■■ ■ ■-=»^-.' *
.Dairy — Choice to fancy, 16®17c; second
! grades, 14@15c ; per' IT). ; ; .-A..'
- Eastern Imitation creamery, : 16@16%c;
; ladle-packed, 15@16c per It). "ij . .: -
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9®loc; common
to good, 7%<s>S%c; - Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
: Young America, 10® lie; Western, ll@12c; East
ern, 12%(&13%c per IT).' ■■■-' ir- '-'-''■: ■■■■■■'«.
. EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 13@14c per dozen; store
! Eggs,'. 12%®13c. ________ '
DECIDUOUS AND v CITRUS FRUITS.
All Citrus Fruits "rule dull and weak. Apples
are in ample • supply > for all , needs ' and prices
' show no change. '■ .. -[..'■• ' ■
Strawberries?. from Mountain View brought
I 75c per basket. ''. - ' ■' \ - .
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— '\ ~___,^,
Apples, 40@60c per •, box for common, - 75c®$l
! for good to choice and $1 25@1 40 for fancy.
I ■ CITRUS - FRUITS— NaveI ? Oranges. . $1 25<g>
' 2 25; Seedlings. 50c1g41 ; Tangerines, 35@40c for
! small boxes ; « Lemons, 50@75c for > common t and
1 %l(h\ 60 ;- for * good ;to -- choice: 5. Mexican V Limes. |
I $4<&4 50; : California . Limes, in small boxes, 400 j
60c: Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples
$3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The East Is beginning to think that after
all there may be something In the California
freeze, and prices are rather steadier there In
consequence, though the markets are still
DKIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 3%@
VAC for 40-50 1 s, 3%@3%c for 50-60' s, 2%®3Vic
for 60-70's. 2%@2%c for 70-So>, 1%@2y 4 c for 80
90's lU@l%o for 90-100' s; Peaches, 2Vi@4c;
fancy ih?<abc; peeled. 10@12^c; Apricots, s@6c
for Royals and 7@7Vsc for good to fancy Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples, 6%@7^c; sun-dried,
4@sc; Black Figs, In sacks, 2@2»*c; Plums,
4%@4%c for pitted and l'alhic for unpitted;
bleached Plums, 5®5»4c; Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2%@4V4c for quarters
and 3@5%c for halves, according to color, etc. :
RAISINS— IVi@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3^c for four-crown, 4>£c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and , $1®
10 for London layers: dried grapes, 2V£c. -•-.-.■■
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at ■Sc ' per
It) ; Walnuts, s@6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell: Almonds. 2M><9'3 1 for hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 7<f?Be for paper-shell: Peanuts,'
4@sV4c for Eastern and 44c for California;
Pecans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, S^lOc; Brazil Nuts,
B@9e per IV. Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, S@loe for bright and s@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 4,%@
Be; light amber extracted. 3%<3>4Vfrc per n>.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers continue to report a stagnant and
featureless market. ■
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium. 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10V4@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra
mess do, $10; family do, $11@12; Salt Pork. $9;
extra prime Pork, $10: extra clear, $1S; mess,
! $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at SV&c per lb
for compound and ~c for pure; palls. 7%c;
California tierce 3, 5%c per lb for compound
and G^c for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7Vic; d"o, 5-lb, Sc. ■■:;-. "•>-. -'■■ •■ -'
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6V»S6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls. 60 In a case. 154 c;
3-!b pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, SVic; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, &%c; 50-Ib
tins. 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs. 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, . WOOL AND HOPS. L
There is nothing new in any of these goods.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. , Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9@9^c; light. 9c; Cow
hides, 9c; stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9%c; Calf, 10c;
dry Hides, 16dil6 l culls and bra»ds, 13@13Hc;
dry Kip and ~ Veal,. 13H(h>14^c: dry Calf, 17Ms®
19Vic; culls, 16c; Goatskins. 3O'fi37e each: Kids,
Offline; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c per lb,
medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20@30c each; short wool, 40@70c each;
medium. 70@90c; long wools, 00c@$l 30 each. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3@3%c per lb: No.
2, 2!&2MiC: refined, sc; Grease, 2@2 1 4c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin. defective, 7@
9c: Southern Mountain, 9@llc: free Northern,
12<fd3r: do. defective. 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— crop, 2(S6c for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. .
The advance In feedstuffs has resulted in a
lot of hogs being sent Into this market for sale
and in consequence ! prices are . very weak.
There is no change In the other descriptions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%@7c: second quality,
SH«T6c; third quality. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. 6(S6'ic; small, 7@74c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9c; Ewes, BM,@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per lb. '
PORK— Live Hogs, 4Vt«*4%c for large. 4%c
for small and 4V4c for medium; stock Hogs,
2%@3c; dressed Hogs, efg^'-ic.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington. $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Wallsend, $7 50; Scotch. $10; Cumberland.
$10 In bulk and $1150 In sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock
Spring*. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9; j
Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com- I
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed 1
arid Fine Crushed, 6=>ic; Powdered, 6Vic; Dry ,
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, b%c; Mag- j
nolia A, 514 c: Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, sc;
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, 5%c per
tti; half barrels Vie more than barrels, and \
boxes %c more. ■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. (
For Saturday, March 26.
Flour, qr sks ... 45,270 I Middlings, sks .. 50
Wheat, ctls ..... 980 Hay, tons 250
Barley, ctls ..... 10.783 Wool, sks 343 <
Corn, ells ... 350 Pelts, bd!s 495
Cheese, ctls 34 Hides, no 357 •
Butter, ctls - 357 1 Ek*". uoz 13,570 ,
Tallow, ctls 228 i Leather, rolls ... 145 .
Beans, sks 206 Lumber, ft 10.000
Potatoes, sks ... 1,390 Wine, pals 62,900 i <
Onions, sks IS Chicory, bbls .... 25 M
Shorts, sks ..... 13 1 Lime, bbls 81 <
Bran, sks ..; ', 450 Raisins, bxs .... 62
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feature of the week in mining stocks was \
the advance In Sierra Nevada from $1 30 Ito |
$1 85 under vague reports of an improvement in •
the mine. The neighboring stocks did rather
better in sympathy, but the rise in them was
less marked. The ' feeling was weaker all
around yesterday.
In local securities on the Bond Exchance
there were heavy transactions in Hawaiian
Commercial at a further decline to $24 50, and
in Hutchinson Plantation at an adva*ce to
$43 25.
The Ophir assessment falls delinquent in
board and the Crown Point assessment in office
to-morrow.
The Church Gold Mining Company of El Do
rado County has levied an assessment of 3
cents per share, delinquent April 2?.
The Tuber Mining Company of Inyo County
has levied an assessment of 50 cents per share,
delinquent May 3. V f
The Gold Coin Mining Company of Colorado
paid a dividend of 1 cent per share, amount
ing to $10,000, on March 25.
The output of ore from the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia mine last week amounted
to eleven tons of the average assay value of
$23 51 per ton. . ' ■
The annual meeting of the Market Street
Railway Company has been called for April 14.
The Parafflne Paint Company will pay a
quarterly dividend of 25 cents per share on
Tuesday. v
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 42% 46
4s quar coup.. lll — Pac Gas Imp.. 86 87%
♦s quar reg..109 — Pac LCo 52 54
4.« quar new. .119 — S F G & E.. 88 88%
Miscellaneous— San Fr».n 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 114*4116 Stock Ga5..... — 15 :,
Cal El 6s .12..% — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... — 103 Flrem's Fund. lßs 200
DuD-st ex c...— 98% Bank Stocks—
EI- * P 65.. 128% — Anglo-Cal .... — 66
F & Ch Ry 6s. — 118% Bank of Cal.. — -£49
Ueary-st X ss. - 102 Cal SD & T.. — 104
HC & S 5%.. 100 105 First Nat ....200 —
L, AL Co 69.. — 100 Lon P &-A...130 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 15
Market-st 65..127 - Nev Nat 8... 151 157%
Do Ist M ss. — 114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 3er S & L..1625 1665 .
NCNg Ry 75. 102% — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NHy Cal 65. .111 — " Mutual Say. 35 40
V Ry a! 65..ic:% — S F Say U.. 485 500
NPC R R 65. 104% — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Rli 55. 101 — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co. looo — •
Oak Gas 55.. .100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is Es.-. — 112 California ..:.107%109
Om Ry 6s — 129H Geary .....:... 40 - .
P & O 65... 110 — Market-st .... 51 62%
P & Ch Ry 6s. — 112 " Presidio .1..;: 4% 10
Powell-st 6s ..117 120 Powder-
Reno WL&Li..iOO — California ....120 150 :
Sac Elecßyss.lo4%losvi B Dynamite... 84 . —_-
S F & N P ss. 105*106% Giant Con Co. 4V 42%
SPof Ar 65.. — 104% Vigorit .:...... — 3%
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous— : --
SPC Is eg Cs.. — 99% Al Pac Assn.. — 98%
BPBr 6s .*.... 113% — Ger.Ld Wks..loo- —
R V Wat 65... 115% — Hana P C 0...— 1 20
S V Wat 45...102%103 HC & S Co.. 24% 25
Stock Gas to.: — 103% Hutch S P Co. 43 43%
Water — " Me Ex Assn. 90 — .
Contra Costa.. 55 62% Nat Yin C 0... — 7%
Marln\Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. — 66 ■
Spring ■Vat.... 98%- Pac AF L... 1% - :
Gas & Electric— : Pac Bor C 0... 98 —
Cent Gaslight. 98%— Par Paint Co. 7  — :'.]
MEL Co — r 13% .
•A • : Morning Session. • •
32 Spring Valley Water 99 75
120 Giant Powder Con .........;...;. .v. : : : 42 00 • •
450 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.... .. 25 50
25 do do 2562% |
275 ; do do 25 00
100 do : do ........'. 24 50
20 S F Gas & Electric C 0........ 88 50 .
35 do do 88 00 :
60 do do -.....:..........: f. 88 12%
25 Hutchinson. S-P C 0...... ...42 50 :
.10 ■.-.■•;■ do "do ? ..'.:■'...................... 42 75
300 do do «3 00
25 do do ..:..".. 42 87%
10 do do ;....... . . ... .;............ 43 25 . i
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session. - ,~ " . *
20 Market-street Ry C 0....: ...52 37%
15 Giant * Powder ......................... 41 00
: -. Street— ..-',, ■; ■ . .'■■'■
70 Market Ry C0...:.........8.:.......V... 52 60
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sal in the San ; Fran
cisco StdJck Board yesterday: - • ■ .*.v'.'," : '
. ;.■ Morning : Session.' ,-. •*'.-".-..
200 Alpha .........:.: 071100 Occidental w..... 2 75
500 Andes . . . . . :'. . : . . 131200 Ophir .... .... . 47
350 Best & Belcher 34 ! 250 .'...:. „..:...:. .i< 46
300 Chollar ..........49 500 Overman ......;. 11
400 Con Cal & Va.. 85 6CO Savage, ./......".'. 28
500 Con New York.. 02 200 Sierra Nevada.. 185
100 Crown : Point ... ,50 ....:.....;.... ..M 80
400 Gould & Curry.. ; 241200 Union Con -..."... 46
500 r.-.v :.r............ 25 200 .... :: ':.:.. ... ;: . . 47
160 Justice :...V.....: 27 200 Utah r ::;..;...... il2
I 30« Mexican ...;.... 381100 Yellow Jacket.. 29
j 300 ....-r 39 - - •_•
--.--■ :: ■".-......■ i ■■- ■ - ... ■ - '. ■ ■-'.■ ,
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ;
Morning Session.
300 Andes ...... 13 500 Ophlr ............
200 .... ....:..... ....12^ 200 • j?
600 Belcher ......... 25 200 „;....... ....; 4o
300 ........... 24 1 300 Overman 11
200 Best & Belcher 37 600 Potosi «
200...... ............ 33 500 40
700Chollar ......... 51 800 Savage 28
400 48 1000 29
1100 Con Cal & Va . 83 300 . . •• • ••• •• • *<
gSO 84 200 Sierra Nevada. .190
200 :::::::: .... S2. 200 ...... .......1
600Crow.n Point ... 25,400 --IJO
700;....... ....... 24 200 l i~J*
300 Gould & Curry.. 23 300 - , 12
1200 Justice ......... 26350 •"V™?
600 ...... ............ 24:300...... IW|
200 Mexican ........ 40:300 Utah ............ 1^
1100 ....... 381300 Yellow Jacket.. 29
300. 37^4 200 •••• 28
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, March 26—12 m.
Alpha ...07 OS Justice .. .23 25
Alta 16 17 Kentuck . 02 03
Andes 12 13 Lady Wash .. — . 03
Belcher 23 .24 Mexican 37 3S
Benton ........ — 25 Occidental ....2 75 —
Best & Belchr. 31 33 Ophir 45 46
Bullion ......... 10 11 Overman 10 ,11
Chollar 47 48 Potosi 40 41
Cot. Oal & Va. S2 Si Savage 26 27
Challenge Con. 23 30 Beg Belcher .. 03 0»
Confidence .... — SOiScorplon #05 —
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. l 7j 180
Crown Point .. 24-25 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate —.04
Eureka ........ — 25 Standard 170 —
Exchequer .... 04 06 Union Con 44 4o
Gould & Curry. 22 23 Utah ........... 11 12
Hale & Norcrs.l 30 135 Yellow Jacket. 28 29
Julia ........... 01 02
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock: M. T. W. T. )F. sT
Alpha 8 77 . 6 7: 7
Alta 16 17 18 16 17 16
Andes 11 12-10 10 13 13
Belcher 24 24 23 23 24 24
Best & Belcher 32 " 33 32 31 38 35
Bullion 10 9 10 10 10 11
Caledonia 28 --
Challenge 27 30 25 27 27 23
Chollar 47 50 49 48 52 49
Con. Cal. & Va 80 SO 78 79 86 '85
Confidence 70 72 65 70 72
Crown Point 14 15 14 24 25 25
Gould & Curry 20 22 20 19 23 25
Hale & Norcross 1 25 1 30 1 30 1 30 1 35 1 30
Mexican 31 35 33 33 41 139
Ophlr 45 46 44 44 48 47
Overman 10 11 10 9 10 11
Occidental 2 55 2 55 2 55 2 65 2 75 2 75
Potosi I 42 42 39 40 43 43
Savage 25 26 25 24 28 28
See. Belcher 4 3 5 3 4 3!
Standard 1 60 1 65 1 65 1 75 1 75 1 70 (
Sierra Nevada 1 30 1 70 1 50 1 56 1 95 1 85 I
Union 43 47 43 42 48 47 I
Utah 10 13 12 11 13 12
Yellow Jacket...... 29 31 28 29 31 29 •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Anglo-Californian Bank (Limited) to Joseph
Figel, lot on N' line of McAllister street, 200 IS
of Scott. E 75 by N 137:6; $10.
George S. Fife and Ellen A. Fife (wife of
George S.). lot on E line of Devlsadero street,
62:6 N of Fulton, N 50, E 137:6, S 112:6, W 27:6,
N 62:6. W 110; gift.
James C. Cary to same, same; $10.
John Cardozo to Mary W. Cardozo (wife of
John), lot on N line of Haieht street, 165 E
of Broderick. E 27 :G by N 137:6; grant.
Amelia Dorland, Leonore A. and Louis A.
Souc to Henry J- Ferber, lot on S line of
Eighteenth street, 200 W of Church, W 25 by
S 114; $10.
Behrend Joost (by R. I. Whelan, sheriff) to
John A. Miller, lot on SW corner of Seven
teenth and Douglass streets, W 45, S 40, SW
105, S 12, E 136, N 110; $376.
Same by some to Herman W. Thyarks, lot
on SE corner of Seventeenth street and Clara
avenue, E 91, 8 40, SW 105, N S8; $667.
Mary Letlah Yarde-Buller to E. H. Wakeman
(trustee), lot on SW corner of Pine and Battery
streets. W 97:6 by S 45:10; also undivided one
third of undivided one-half of lot on E corner
of Ninth and Harrison streets, SE 275 by NE
275; and property in Alameda County; $1.
John McCormick to Patrick F. Casey, lot on
W line of Salmon stret, 137:6 N of Pacific. N
20 by W 60; also all Interest in 50-vura lot $21;
$10.
Eliza K. Comerford to Joseph M. Comerford.
lot on NE corner of Mission street and Cort
land avenue. E 253:6, N 165, W 70:6, N 25, W
213, S ISO; gift.
Sunnyside Land Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to \\ 11
liam and Sarah A. Klbbe, lot 27, block 10,
Sunnyside; $10.
William and Babetta Voegltng to Michael
Raune, lot on S line of Randall street. 142 W
of Chrnery, W 28 by S 100. block 19, Fair
mount; $I<>.
Solomon and Dora Getz to M. S. Eisner, lot
on SE line of Tara street, 150 SW of Mount
Vernon, SW 10, SE 207, NE 35. NW 103:6. SW
25, NW 103:6, lots 4, 5 and 17, block B, Getz 1
Addition to Lakeview; *10.
George Moss to Catherine Moss (wife of
George Moss), all property in California; gift.
Nelson Lyon to Mary L. Ladd (wife of C.
D. Ladd). fishing and trading station in
Alaska: also furs, etc., in London, England;
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to Rog'?r
Cutlar. lot on W line of Tione path, 27:6 W of
Bell Fountain, S 71:6 by W 16, Laurel Hill |
Cemetery; $90.
Alameda County.
James and Lavinia F. Garvin to Charles
jrjo^elyn, lot on E line of Brush street, 50 N
of Ninth, X 30, E 100. S 2a. W 25. S 25, W 75
to bepinninf,' block 113, Oakland; *10.
The McCarthy Company ta corporation) to
C. A. Martin, lot 2. block E, Golden Gate tract, ;
Oakland Annex: $10.
Charles McCarthy to same, lots 18 and 19. '
block .1. same, subject to mortgage, Oakland
Annex; $W. ______________
THE CALL C-ENDAR
March. IS9B.
Su.
Mo
Tu.
| 1
8
Itt
15
IT
i a
iFr. .
4
11
Moon's Phases.
I:
13
I"i5~
21
28
9
! 16
! 23
I 311
10
17
24
CLast Quarter
M. Mar. U.
a New Moon,
V=? Mar. 22.
I
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlßslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MARCH -IS'JS.
Sunday. March 27.
Sun rises ••• • "01
Sun Beta •• • ii«-J'-.* :
Moon 5et5...... Midnight
: I Feet
I
xvrne' Feei
it. Wl
I
i
27 I :4ft
28 2:22
29 3:Uti
30 4 .119
L W
31 0:14
1 1:20
2 2:10
::22
6:10
7:35
8:1P
L W
12:51
I:3s
I 2:21
I s:lu
9:12
10 -M
UH
4.1
4.1
(.1
v
8:42
5:39
ti:s9
8:Ul
9:19
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
t eference Is the mean of th~ lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
vvasmenaw...
lacoma
Arena.........
Empire — »"....
Proerreao .
Walla vVaila....
CoiumDia. ......
North For*....
Weeott
San Bias...:. ..:
Peru.....:...'. .
Titania .'......".'..
Huinboldt......
Santa R05a.....
H0mer..........
Mackinaw
Zealand la ......
Coos Bay .....
State ot Cat....
UmatUla . . . ..
Pomona.
Orizaba
Coos Hay.. -
Coos Bay
Seattle ........::....
Victoria and Pugret Sna.. .
Portland ......
[ ►iumoolrtt .;..... ...;
Hnmboldt — .......
l Panama ....... .:.'.:........
i China and Japan..........
Nanaimo ........*
A1a5ka.....................
San Dieeo ...............
jHumbodlt •
|Tacoma ...... ..." .
Honolulu
| Newport . .v:
| Boruana ............ ..C
j Victoria A Pueet Sna . ...
San Diejro ......... ... . .. :.
! Mexico .;.*.'. .... ..:;:r.:..
Mar
Mar 2*
Mar 28
Mar 1\
Mar !iS
Mar 23
Mar 2a
Mar 2?
Mar 29
Mar 30
Mar 30
Mar 31
Mar 31
Mar a I
Apr 1
Apr 1
Apr 2
Apr 3
Apr i
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
I Stkambk. I
City Puebla
Homer
Voniona:...
Colon. '..'...:
Valencia.
Arcatii ■
Samoa.*.; :.'..
i.'oltimbi:i..
Nortn Fork
Weeott
Sanui Koaa
Humboldt.
Walla WUa
Belglc.:."...
Coos bav..
State of Cai
I DEBTHTATIQyl SAlt.*.: : I PtER.
j Vic & Pjrt Sna I Mar 27. 10 am Pier iT
jHumbolat I Mar 27. 10 Aii Pier 9
San Thego..:: jMar 28. IIaih Pier U
Panama.::'. :: Mar 28. H >i PM S3
AlasHa........ Mar 28. 4 P3i Pier 7
uoos Hay....: Mar Tj. 10 am Pier a
Humboldt..:*. Mar - .iJ. *■ V am ...."..:.'■
Portlana :..... Mar W). lu am I Pier 3t
Humboidt. ... Mar. »L a am Pier : 2
, Hum t Bay. Mar 31. « am Pier U
San DieKO.... Apr ; 1.11am Pier 11
Alaska.. ...... Apr ' 1, ...... .......
Vic &P Sound Apr V 1.10. am Pier s»
China Japan Apr 2. , 1 pm PM S3
Newport...:.: Apr 3. am Pier u
Portland [Apr g? 3. 10 am Pler'31
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located !n the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are corllally Invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtal " e * re * a a r t d ' n *
lights dangers to navigation and all matters
nf Interest to ocean commerce.
The "me ball on top of the building on Tel,,
.n-ann Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befors
the United States Naval Observatory at Man.
stating whether the time ball wm
dropped on time or giving the error, if am. is
publ shed the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornine papers the follow
ing day. L)eutenant _ v _ g . N- in charge.
THE TIME BALL.
■ -' - _____ ■ ■ I
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S . N - Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Ma. eft
na i COO - ■ ■ ■ ."' i -
-The time ball on Telegraph Hill ™" dropped
exactly at noon to-day- 1 c.. at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 P-"}i Ss]
•wich time W. S. HUGHLS, |
»lch time. Lieutenant. v S. N-. In charge
SHirriXG INTELLIGENCE.
• * ARRIVED.
. - 'i ;i.-,- . Saturday, March 26.
• Etmr Samoa, Johnson, 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr , Pomona, Debney, 62 hours from ' San
i Diego and way ports. * . _ • '
Stmr Portland, Lundquist, 9 days 5 hours
f v m Uralaska. ' -
Stmr Alex Duncan. Shea, 90 hours fm San
Diego and way ports. . ■ '
Bktn Catherine Sudden, Hansen. 7 days rrm
i Everett, via Cape Flattery ■»■>» days.
Sehr R W Bartlett. Larsen. 7 days from Port
Blakeley, via Port Townsend 5 days.
CLEARED.
Saturday. March 26.
. Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend; Gocdall, Perkins & Co.
Bark Ferris S Thompson, Murk, Chlgnik
Bay: Hume Bros & Hume. .
Schr Jane Gray, Henderson, Seattle; J A
Bollard. • • -
Schr Prosper, Schroeder, Grays Harbor; Alas*
ka Packers' Assn.
" SAILED.
Saturday, March 26.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. San Pedro.
* Stmr Stale of California, Green. Astoria.
' Ship Centennial. Pederson, Cooks Inlet.
Bark Alex McNeil." Jorgenson.
■. Schr Jane 1 Gray, Henderson, Seattle.
Schr Enterprise, Ingwersen, Grays Harbor,
Schr Ivy, Murchison. Grays Harbor.
Schr Seven Sisters. Rasmussen, Bihlers Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
PO'H." lOFOS— Mar 26, .'0 r. m.— Weather
ha*', wir.l NW, velocity 20 miles.'
CHARTERS. .
The Gardiner City loads mdse for Santa Ro
salia.
SPOKEN.
Mar 25 at 6:30 p m, by pilot-boat America,
off whistling buoy, stmr Brixham. from New
York, bound north; all . well; wished to be re
ported.
Dec 26—35 S 125 XV, Br ship Jessomene, hence
Nov 15 for Liverpool.
Nov 18—43 S 128 W. Br ship Philomene. front
Oregon for Queenstown. i
Feb IS— 526 W. Br ship Haddon Hall, rm
Oregon for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— Arrived Mar 26— Stjrir Westport;
stmr Coqullle River, hence Mar 24.
COOS BAY— Mar 26 at i p Stmr
Eirifjrt! for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar Stmr Columbia, for
Sa.i anclsco.
Ar-l'.'-d Mnr 2 — 9rhr Loui3. from Tfl'lao.
UNALASKA— Feb 28— Stmr Port
land, from Port Blakeley. Mar — Bark Colo- •
ma. from Tacoma. Mar 11 — Stmr Sunol, from
Seattle.
To sail Mar 17— Stmr Portland, for San Fran-
EUREKA— Arrived Mar 26— Stmr Weeott, ho
Mar 24.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Mar 26— Tug
Collis, hence Mar 25.
FORT ROSS— Mar 26— Schr La Chile
na. for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Mar 26— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Mar 26— Stmr George
Loomls, hence Mar 25, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
E." STERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Mar 25— Stmr Alllanca,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PRAWLE POlNT— Passed Mar 24— Ital ship
F S Ciampa, from Hull for Swansea, and not
arrived at Dublin Mar 23 as reported.
PORT PIRIE— prior to Mar 25— Chll
ship Republic, hence Dec 15. ■ = •-.' ;.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Mar 23— Br shp Red
Rock, hence Sept 13.
Sailed Mar 23 — Br ship Routenburn, for Ips
wich.
ROCHEFORT— Arrived Mar 23— Br ship
James Kerr, hence Oct 13.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Mar 26— Br stmr Warrlmoo.
'or Vancouver. /
OCEAN TRAVEL
j
I
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamrrs leave Broadway
HI ytjjWh> wharf. San Francisco:
■KpP_2n__t or Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
HkTIE^PS March 2, 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. April
fflMSi >al 1. Transferred at Seattle.
KSaS^*Hfl»i For Alaskan ports (from
1 r^lEflHK Spear street wharf). in a. m..
i March 2, 6." 10. 14. 13, 22. 26. 30.
'■I Transferred at Portland. Or.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. March 2, 7,
12 17 22. 27. and every fifth day thereafter, 'I
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacom* with
N P R>'-. at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
March 8. 9, 15, 21. 27, and every sixth. day
therealter. ____. „
For Santa' Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
I Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblnpo>.
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hu-jnems.
Ban Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., March 2. 6. 10. 14. 13. 22. 26.
30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). IX
if m* March 4. 8. 12. 16, 20. 24, 28, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalen.% Bay San Jose del
Cabo, Maiatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Mex.), 10 a. m.. March 8.
April J, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates (
I a TICKKT f OFFICB-Palaee Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery street. & CO.. Gen. Arts..
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
'10 Market street. San Francisco. .
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FADE '2 First Class Including Berth
IHriL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California ....Mar. 2, 10. 18. 29'
C01umbia.................... Mar. 6. 14. 22, 39
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
. E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market at,
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., , ;/.
Superintendents. - — .
£«aaM|Maoi s. s. zealandxa.
for Honolulu only.
B ill 1 M S n * Wednesday, April 6.
fMMHIMIfI 28. m. Special party
IIBHIL fo '' HONOLULU only.
• E~- B«~B «~ Wednesday. April 6.
% 2 p. m. Special party
a^SwStMnsllinJ "The S.S. ALAMEDA
«£3g»'G)lWll!jlli|/ 1 - sails via Honolulu and
vggßJ^ /nmR3I7U- Auckland for Pydney
\yi!ljpai«!p Wednesday, April 20.
r . ' :: at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D.-SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents..
- 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's ■ Pier (new) .42 North j>__,»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers 4l|{TfS
by this line avoid both transit by •<-~«B«i&
i English railway and the discomfort of crossing
I the channel in a small boat: New York to .
• Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $180; - ■
' second-class $116. '
1 LA BOUKGOGNE ......April 2. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE April 9, 10 a. m.
LA- NORMANDIE .................. ..April 1«
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.... April 30, 10 a. m.
For further .particulars apply to
I COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent.
No. 5. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
i aye., San Francisco. .. . • '
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3.; Washington St., at 6
..'"': p. m. daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved . by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on th*
Valley Railroad. ■ , " ' ; '■--'
'-,:, STEAMERS: ..-'..
IT. C. WALKER. ' CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT. J.D. PETERS. •
.Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co. ■ .
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
: Steamer "Mohticello";:
Mon., Tues., Wed.. .Thurs. and 5at........
-9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p.; m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ....................1 p.m. and S:3O p. m.
Sundays ...... .:.:....;. 10:30 a. . m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 2.
; Telejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS and SANTA f FU2
| Steamer Alvlso leaves ■ Pier 1 dali'y - (Sundays
rxcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally < (Saturdays
; excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight i and - Passengers. ,
, Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. =41 NorU
{ First street, San Jose, t • . 'JACK KILLS THE GIANT.
r I .~T OW it so happened that the
\ King one day sent for Jack the
NOW it happened that the
King one day sen< for Jack the
Giant Killer and said:
\ "Brave Jack, your fame is
* great. You have vanquished
the giant of St. Michael's
Mount, "old Blunderbore of the en
chanted castle; the Two-Headed Giant
of the Valley, and the Three-Headed.
Giant, from whom you gained the coat
of invisibility, the cap of knowledge
and the shoes of vast swiftness.
"You also overcame the "" magician
who held the lovely lady captive,, and
that lady married the Prince. Then
Thundel had to own your valor. Finally
Galligantus gave you fame. There is
new work for you now to do. Are you
ready?" . . ~ ■ .
"I am always ready, sire," said Jack,
bowing very low.
"At once then," said the King. "This
very night you will embark on a ship
with my son, the Prince, and will, sail
to the enchanted island of Gofgoloa.
There a wicked giant is fitting out,
with the aid of a magician, a vessel to
visit our coast and to carry away into
captivity all our young girls and boys.
I He is advised by the wisest of all ma
gicians and I fear that your famous
coat, cap and shoes will not help you
much, but away! The giant must be
defnted and his vessel and castle must
Tb~e . v .t roved." '• - - '>•'•- •'•
Jack and the Prince sailed many
leasues-toy day. and.by.flight, upon.th£-
King's ship. They took advangagjg <-f -
night, when the giant and his mi- '
gician were asleep, to land on- the
Island . of Gorgoloa. Their ship sailed
away and Jack and the Prince .were
alone to undertake their great task.
Hardly had the morning dawned
•when the magician said to the giant
A Gorgoloa: "A strange ship came here
"•In the darkness last night. Upon it
was Jack the Giant Killer and the son
of a King. Get you, therefore, out at
once and make strict search for Jack
and his comrade, for they have come to
"" destroy you and your castle and your
vessel. This news I learned from the •
oast ' forest when the wind blew, in
through my window and talked .to me."
I.- This wonderful magician often talked
with the wind. ...... • : " ■-
The giant Gargoloa . set forth and
strode to the east forest, the trees and
even the flowers of which coujd.. talk.
"Tell me, O oak tree," said Gorgo
loa. ' "where are the two strangers who
came across the sea?','
"I know not, ask the grass.". - ■
"We know not," said the grass and
flowers.
This made Gorgoloa very, angry, for
he knew that Jack and the Prince were
In the east forest. He therefore tore off
great branches from the trees and
using them as weapons cudgeled the
trees until he had broken them to frag
ments. Then he strode back to the
castle in very bad humor, to ask the
mavician what to do next.
"Do!" said the magician with scorn,
t "undo first the mischief you have done.
You have destroyed : the magic forest
and. half my charms now fail to work.
Else" I would already have Jack apd the
' Prince here, ready- to throw into the
big iron pot for your dinner. Now the
magician . whom I had safely locked up
in the heart of the oak tree has, been
freed by you and he will work against
Us and for Jack and the Prince."
"Well," answered Gorgoloa, . "it is- too
THE BUMPKINS PLAY A "FOOL'S DAY" JOKE UPON THE CIRCUS LION, DISGUISING THE GRANGER AS A TIGER.
BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
late to grumble. It is true that I lost
my temper, but we must do something
now or we shall all be destroyed to
gether."
The magician who had been freed
from the oak tree took Jack upon one
shoulder arrd the Prince upon the Other
and carried them bodily over the castle
wall and hid them, in the giant's clock
case. Then a battle took place between
the two magicians. They stirred up
the winds until they blew a hurricane.
They smute the ground until there was
a tierce earthquake that caused the
castle of. Gorgoloa to shake to its very
foundations and its huge surrounding
walls cracked and crumbled. They
filled the air with flashes of fire that
sent out thick smoke, so' that darkness
like midnight fell upon the enchanted
island. The riagician of the. oak tree
finally drove Oorgoloa's magician from
tin- island and followed him, on wings
of magic, oyer the sea.
This left Jack and the Prince alone
to fight the great giant. Unfo.rturiate
ly. the Prince made a noise in the clock
(•••(^•■. The giant found him swinging
upon the clock's huge pendulum and
trying to hide behind the round weight
at the end.
"Come forth," said the giant, seizing
the Prince. "I know now where Jack
must be."
So saying the giant thrust the Prince
f- in the side pocket of his great coat,
and peered into the clock to look for
Jack. But Jack had climbed up among
the wheels th.it turr.-ed the hands upon
the clock dial, and the giant did not
see him.
"Oh; never mind," said Gorgoloa
after a while, "I'll just lock up the
clock and kn Jack see how he likes
starving." Then he began to prepare
his lunch. He threw* a whole beef into
a (;tl(i;-on to staw, and drew out his
tobacco pipe and breathed with a noise
like a locomotive letting off steam, as
he took whiffs of smoke into his lungs.
Soon he had the castle so full of
smoke that the Prince, who was on
the lookout for a chance, thought the
time had arrived for him to escape. He
had found a great fish line in the gi
ant's pocket, and had attached to it one
of the giant's coat butto-ns. Down this
fish line he slid easily, and the giant
did not notice him, being too busy
thinking.
When the giant stepped outside of
the castle for- a moment the Prince
slipped from under the giant's footstool
where he had been hiding; threw the
fish line, which he had noosed at one
end, over the key of the clock; then,
sailor fashion, he climbed up and un
locked the clock door. Jack slipped
from his place of imprisonment in a
trice, and the Prince locked the ctoek
and slid down the line, which he pulled
down after him. With the aid of the
line the two escaped from the castle
window, but not a second top soon.
When the giant saw the line and
learned of their escape, he was more
furious than ever. As for Jack and the
Prince, they ran as fast as they could
go toward the «hore, in search of the
giant's vessel, which they had come to
destroy.
They found the vessel under a beet
lin-g cliff. It was long and low, with
out masts, but having huge wings on
either side, which the giant could work
by magic, so that his vessel would go
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
faster than any ship. At the bow it
had the shape of a snake's head. The
sides were armed with long and very
sharp pikes and knives, which were in
constant motion, so that no one could
get upon the vessel without danger of
being cut to pieces.
The water seemed to be filled with
fierce sharks, so that it was dangerous
to try to reach the vessel by water.
"Ah," said Jack, "I have an idea. I
will make the sharks destroy the gi
ant's vessel." He took from his pocket
a piece of bread and- broke it into
crumbs and threw it upon the cliff. Two
score of sea birds saw the crumbs and
Hew toward them.
Jack, who always carried a sling in
his pocket, picked up a double handful
of pebbles and killed all' the sea birds.
Then he threw them into the giant's
vessel. The sharks leaped over the low
sides of the vessel to feast on the birds.
The knives and pikes cut and angered
them. When they were in the vessel
they fought furiously for possession of
the birds, all the, more furiously be
cause of the knife cuts, which made
them smart.
The giant heard the loud noises they
were making, and ran from his castle
toward the beach. When he saw the
sharks in his vessel he was more an
gry than when he destroyed the magic
forest. He took up great bowlder? and
threw them at the sharks to kill them.
The bowlders tore holes in the vessel
and it sank. So many sharks surround
ed it that the giant dared not wade
out to it. He was now so angry that
he bellowed like a wild beast, and
vowed all sorts of vengeance against
Jack, who, he saw, had planned the
mischief that the giant had just
wrought to his own harm.
Jack and the Prince, who had pane
ir\U> hiding when the giant approached,
did not think it would be wise to ven
ture out into nis sight. Jack had
found that his shoes of swiftness and
his coat of invisibility were of no use
to him upon the Enchanted Island; but
the cap of knowledge helped him to
think.
He followed Gorgoloa back to his
eaatte and slipped in through the door
first. Jack was a ventriloquist and
could imitate the voices of all birds
and beasts and could make his own
voice *vni tp come from several differ
ent directions without once changing
his own position* He now hid behind
a big bronze statue and roared like a
lion as Gorgoloa entered. The noise
seemed to come from another room.
Gorgoloa Beized his club and soon
battered the next room to pieces, hunt
ing for the lion. Then J.ck howled
like a wolf, croaked like a raven,
laughed with his own natural voice
• '"THE Mexican b&biea are chubby mi gay —
I Each family has six or a dozen :
And all in the town are related, they say,
■ From a lint to a twentieth cousin ! , ...
' ■TF the little black-headed brown taby should cry,
IF the little black -headed brown tsby should try.
Or mamma ?row sick of h:3 prattle.
His tean in an instatt his si3ter ri.n dry
With its end of a nuke for a ntWi
/"PEE housß is adobe, with floorin? of dirt. •
1 And p&tio shalurtd &nd sunny.
- Where >»bf.ean toddle without any 3hirt
' " Aad camma can sing without money !
AND the little black degs Ire a sight to behold.
/\ . All hairless, and wrinklad as mummies,
; "'. ' ■ With blankets about them to ke3p off tho cold
And babies iktlt them for chanimia 1
HOW happy these imps from the day thsy are bom !
They toddle' and tumble in Utters.
. , Their faces »re dirty, their clothes are all torn:
But nobody thinks that it matters!
CHARLES A. iEELEfi,.
■ .. . . '
and finally taunted Gorgoloa with be
ing a coward. Each time the noise he
made came from a different direction.
Gorgoloa raged from room to room,
beat down ceilings and floors and finally
took to throwing down the castle walls.
Jack kept behind the giant and out of
the way of falling stones, tormenting
Gorgoloa until the giants hai com
pletely overthrown the castle and all of
its surrounding -walls.
At the close erf the day Gorgoloa was
so tired that he fell into a heavy sleep.
He was now homeless and Jack be
lieved that his magic would not help
him. Placing his trumpet to his lips
Jack blew a loud blast.
"Come forth to battle, Gorgoloa!"
shouted Jack.
The Riant leaped up and rushed at
Jack, who waited until Gorgoloa was
near him. Then he jumped aside and
Gorgoloa swept by like a whirlwind.
Jack fitted round stones that he had
brought from the beach to his sling
and threw them at the giant. None of
them seemed to hurt the monster.
"Aim for his breast," the cap of
wisdom told Jack.
So Jack waited until Gorgoloa came
within a few yards of him and then
sent a stone whizzing, with all his
strength, at the giant's breastplate.
With that Gorgo-loa fell and with the
breaking of his breastplate all his
magic help came to an end.
A dreadful noise came from all parts
of the island at once. The ground be
gan to sink into the waves. Higher
and higher rolled the water every min
ute and now it reached the castle ruins
and Gorgoloa was buried beneath the
waves.
Fortunately the Prince's vessel ar
rived just then and took Jack and the
Prince away. The next second the
whole island sank below the sea and
has never since been seen. Jack and
the Prince were welcomed home with
great honor by the King. D. H. W.
SPRING RAINS.
By Ciara A. BanfiH.
I sat one day in my study,
Watching- the raindrops .fall.
Far beyond were the mountains,
And the raindrops blessed them all.
Then I thought, while watching, hoping,
The sun might shine again.
Of the King, our Heavenly Father,
Who giveth us the rain.
When it falls the grasses harken,
It' bids the grain to spring.
It makes the birds, witrygleeful hearts,
Their Maker's praises sing.
JACK 0' THE BEANSTALK
The latest advt ture of "Jack of the
Beanstalk" is demanded by several of
our young Readers. In response to re
quests Jack will be the hero two
weeks from this morning. Next Sun
day morning, because earlier requests
must be favored first, the story of hmv
the "Three Bears" returned a com
pliment and visited Goldilocks will be
told. Farnsworth Wright of Palo
Alto, aged "a little over nine," writes:
This is my first letter to you. I enjoy
the new fairy tales very much. I would
like to have "Jack and the Beanstalk"
next. lam not quite 10 years old. lam
a little over nine,
I like "Jack and the Beanstalk" stories
host of all. I might make up a story
for the boys and girls' page. I have
made up my mind to take for a subject,
"How the Lily Got Her Pistil."
LITTLE GIRL BLOOMER,
By Nellie Oltmstead Lincoln.
O little girl bloomer,
Come ring your gong;
Your jmg's at the doorway,
Your wheel's on the lawn.
Where's the little girl rides for miles,
Bonny and wi<l<- awake, full of smiles?
O little boy blue.
You'll be- quite in the shade
If you don't keep awake
And look after this maid!
MEXICAN BABIES,
THE AUTHOR OF
DEAR OLD HOME.
The little poem printed anonymously
with the above title on this page was
written by Judith Guslean of Port
land, Or.
THE GRANGER
TELLS WHY.
Sum uv mv relashuns hay sed i orter tell how 'tis i
don't run away from these tarnation Bumpkins. They
hay mawled me and lammed me. i allo- and every new
trick the funny critters git up brings me at the botum
uv the heep. First i follered the Bumpkins to git back
my chickins and uther things the raskals took when they
was f origin g. Then i got sorter amoozed at what took
plais and SO kent alone- with thp nmspccliiin tn <zr>f> what
would ha~~en next, and there has ben a lot taken plais all granger runs away.
alonr- the _spes ully since we struk intu San Franssisko, and in the lang
widge of sum poet i've bin in it as a'orinsipal party. " ••;■;
j ■ VUV,o« : ..._^i__ i : .. _ til , ' . ii'r~li_ _' .1
w ucn i v\as> ier num 1 uster Diong to a cnurcn anu
peepul sed i had an even temper, but i dunno. These
kanankerous Bumpkin fellers do such all fired things i get
hot enuff to split. But, while they are all full of mischiff
as an eg is full of mete, they are the gratest coaxers ever
was. They say "now Unkle Eaph. that last was an axi
dent and it won't hapen agen," but i dunno. Most likely
what will hapen will be sumthin wuss than anything the
funny little fellers have dun to me yet. Shure enuff i orter
that was an axident. go hoam, fur there are chores to doo, buter and cheze ter
maik and cows ter milk.
Aunt Samanthy, that's mi wife, she's iust scander-
lized too see mi oictyure in the Kaul every Sunday morn
ing, becoz she sez the artist, who tels the trooth sure enuff.
maiks it plane to her that i need slikkin up orful? "Unkle
Eaph," them's the verry words i got frum her in a letter
yisturday, "yew orter be shamed too go around amunc
city folks in sutch close. Peepul will begin to think yew
haven't got no Sunday soot. And the way yure toes stik
out ny yure shoos is simply skanderlus to the last degree.
But, say, Unkle Eaph.whcn are yew going to sirkuss agen
Thair's woman kevvrioscrty, beet it if yew kan. She's a YOUR A ' JNT sama nthy.
sunflower.
There's a lot uv my old nabitrs who write for free
passes intu the sho and say that tv see an old feller like
lie goin thru tricks with the Bumpkin sirkuss would bee
moar fun than a brindle steer a chusin city fellers up the
pasture rode when the kum out tv the farm tv maik pict
ures and only maik traks so fast that yew cood play chek
ers on thare cote tales with the stere clus behind. Dew the
naburs get passes? not on yure life. But if they will brine
artist in motion, me in some reel fresh garden sass, the full moneys Truth,
ile tork with them. But they won't see me hunt Huns and play with tigers free. j
Of course it maiks me di^zy to be fired" out uv a can-'.^^^;^^.
nun: and them was tuff times when i had the contraptions
with the buffler at the park, the masterdon on Market
street; and was neer drownded at Stow Lake. Then, agen,
it maiks me tired tv see how that mewl and that heifer, what i
brot up frum earliest childhood have been weened frum me
and ar just wild to chais around with the Bumpkins.
Likewise the rooster and the pig. Sutch is gratitood!
They usfer cost me a heep of munny when i was a tecchin
them the way in which they shood co. Let it go! My yes, i shood smile.
owsers ar getting frade and thin and my shoos ar about olade out, but i will
stay with the Bumpkins to the bitter end. Yes, i shood smile.
THE RACE FOR PLACE
WILL SOON CLOSE
Grace T. Scott, 11 years old. who is
in the Emerson School in Tacoma, is
one of the most enthusiastic of all the
little champions of the literary reputa
tion of her sex. She has written a
spirited letter, from which extracts are
herewith given:
Women are superior to the men in writ
ing; that is my stand. Listen:
Mercy Warren, the talented and dis
tinguished writer of colonial days, who
did much to help the cause of freedom,
and Margaret Winthrop and Eliza Pinck
ney! Elizabeth Barrett Browning, the
greatest of women poets! And what boy
or girl has not read with deep interest
Charlotte Bronte's "Jan.- Eyre"t Is there
a school child in the whole land who has
not read that old favorite, "Bingen on the
Rhine," by Caroline S. Norton? Can any
one repeat that grand piece of poetry,
"Rock Me to Sleep. Mother." by Mrs. E.
A. Allen, without feeling a thrill of home
sickness? Can you produce the equal of
Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle Tom's
Cabin"?
And Anna Sewall's "Black Beauty,"
Mrs. Burnett's "Little Lord Fauntleroy,"
Ruth Ashmore's "Talks With Girls." Mips
Alcott's "Little Women," Kate Douglass
Wiggins "The Story House," Gertrude E.
Half's "The Little Flower People,"
Laura E. Richards' "Four Feet, Two Feet
and No Feet," Mary Mapes Dodge, these
an- all wonderful writers; their equals are
hard to find, but not among the men, I
think, anyway.
And then there is Mrs. Lyman Abbott,
Mrs. A. D. T. Whitney. Mary E. Wilkins
and Mrs. Mark Morrison. There are some
more I must not neglect to mention.
George Eliot, Mrs. Hemans, Helen Hunt
Jackson, Mrs. Burton Harrison. I think
this array of brilliant women can more
than hold their own with the men writ
ers, don't you, Mr. Editor?"
Now the question that Grace Scott
asks in conclusion is something like the
question upon which the competition is
based. The way to find out whether
there is superiority of sex in literature
may be to have bright girls and bright
boys compete, the girls to publish their
page, and then, on the succeeding Sun
day, the boys will publish theirs. In
the competition Grace Scott may find
her name among the first six. To bring
this about she must send her story
soon.
That all the girls and boys may have
a chance, the date for closing the com
petition is fixed at April 12. No story
mailed later than that day will be con
sidered for either the boys' page or the
girls' page. When the manuscripts are
all in hand some time may elapse be
fore the first page, that representing
the girls, will be published. At least
a fortnight will be given for selection
of the best six stories, that the choice
may be carefully made after full con
sideration of each story from several
points of view. So these additional
points are settled:
The girls* page will be published first.
The last day for mailing 'stories for
competition will be April 12.
ESSAY UPON A HORSE.
By King Sing.
[Note— King Sing is a Chinese ooy, who
attends the Chinese Presbyterian Mission
School on Stockton street, San Francisco.
He is 10 years old.]
A horse can eat, run, jump and draw
the cars all day. He has very hard
work to do. Some horses are wild and
some of them are gentle. Some men
whip their horse very hard. My horse
is gentle and nobody whips him. A
horse has no horns, and he has four
feet, two ears, one nose, no long hair
and not two or three heads, and his
legs are not very long and not very
short. A horse is not as large as the
elephant and not as small as the rat.
My horse is afraid of the lion and tiger,
for they will kill horse. A horse is
not very tall and not very low. and
has not so big a head as the elephant;
and not so little as the rat.
MY CHILDHOOD'S HOME.
By Juliette Driscoll.
Oft as I sit here dreaming,
1 think of days gone by.
Of the cottage home; its garden neat.
And the brooklet arch and shy;
Of the vine auove the doorway
With its flowers that loved the sun,
And the river, singing, low and sweet
When the long day was done.
And now I hear dear voices
I knew when I was young;
I see the dear old orchard,
With choicest fruitage hung.
See, now, the sunlight striking
Across the grassy lea!
It gilds the stream where children
Wade and laugh, full of glee.
So, as I sit here thinking
Of happy days gone by,
My heart is glad, though oft the tears
Will shine, and oft I sigh.
THE RAINY DAY.
By Alida Lephe Alley.
It was a very rainy day, and little Belle
had to play in the house.
Belle was very cross and wanted to go
out and play. Mamma said if Belle would
be a good baby she would make her a
doll dress.
Belle said. "I will." So mamma said.
"I am not busy." So she sat down to
make it, and Belle went and got her doll
and wagon and her chair, and was a good
girl while mamma made the dress.
In the afternoon it cleared off and Rose,
one of Belle's friends, came to stay an
hour with Belle. When Rose went home
Belle's mamma said she might go and
spend an hour and a half with Lily.
Belle took her doll with her new dress
on to show Lily. Lily brought her doll
out, and they had a line time.
When Belle came home her mamma had
made her a pretty hat for her doll also.
3132
RECRUITS FOR
THE WARSHIPS
Plenty of Them Are
Offering at the Naval
Rendezvous.
Out of Over Seventy Who Ap
plied Only Fifteen Could Be
Examined.
A Double Force of Surgeons and
Examining Officers to Be In
Attendance.
The recruiting office at 10 California
street was crowded with men anxious
to enlist in Uncle Sam's navy yester
day. Over seventy machinists, fire
men, coal passers and sailors put in an
appearance during the day,' but the
r was only able to examine fif
teen of them, so another physician will
be detailed to help him when the naval
rendezvous opens to-morrow.
Chief Engineer William B. Dunning
of the Moriadnock examined the ma
chinists and firemen, and out of the fif
teen men who came before him nine
•were accepted. Men anxious to work
in the engine-room were plentiful yes
terday, but the seamen were very few.
Some of the men who presented them
selves and asserted that they were A.
H.s did not know how to box the com
pass, and others again did not know
how to make the simplest kind of a
splice. These men, of course, were sim
ply landsmen, and the chances are that
some of them had never been to sea in
their lives.
The news that Uncle Sam is in want
of men for the navy has only just been
made public, so the rush of those eager
to join during working hours yester
day was considered more than satis
factory- Four men were employed dur
ing the day in attending to the appli
cants, and if the rush continues during
the week not only the force of examin
ing surgeons, but the entire start will
have to be doubled.
There was a big: crowd down to see
the ship Centennial away to the can
neries yesterday. She took away over
a hundred Chinese and also one hun
dred pigs. The pigs are for the Chi
nese fishermen and they will be al
lowed to cook them In their own pecu
liar way during their stay in Cooks In-
Ut. Over fifty white lishermen also
went up on the Centennial and their
welfare will also be well looked after,
but in a different manner during the
coming season.
The steam collier Bristol is being got
ready to carry livestock for the Klon
dike. She will be used between Victo
ria, B. C, and will also carry supplies
for the men engaged in building the
railroad from the head waters of the
Stickeen River to Lake Tesla.
While the Stickeen-Lake Teslan rail
road seems to be making g<x>d progress
the road between Skaguay and Daw
son City has not been forgotten. Yes
terday Senator Perkins telegraphed
from Washington to the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company to reserve accom
modations for Sir Thomas Tancred and
Chief Engineer Hawkins, who represent
the English syndicate that is to build
the Skaguay-Dawson rairoad. The two
gentlemen will leave for Skaguay by
the steamer Cottage City, which leaves
Seattle on April 1.
The ship Llewellyn J. Morse has at last
been brought out of the mud. The sixth
attempt was made yesterday by the
tugs Active, Reliance and Vigilant, and
after an hour's work they finally got
her out of Oakland Creek. She will at
■once be fitted out to go to the Alaska
canneries.
The steamer Brixham from New York
passed up the coast yesterday. She was
seventy-two days from New York to
San Francisco. Instead of calling here
ehe is evidently bound for Puget
Sound. The Brixham is for the Alas
kan trade.
The coast defense steamer Monad
nock will be open to visitors to-day
between the hours of 1 and 4 p. m.
In a few days the warship will go to
Mare Island to receive her full comple
ment of ammunition.
Captain Nels Wulff of the steamer
'Zlnfandel had a narrow escape from
instant death yesterday. A lineman
wag engaged in fixing the wires on
one of the telephone poles, and as Cap
tain Wulff passed underneath the man
dropped his broad ax. It fell right in
front of him and chipped a piece from
the toe of his right shoe as it buried
Itself in the wooden pavement. It was
over half an hour before Captain
Wulff realized what a narrow escape
he had had, and then he found it ne
cessary to take a strong cordial as a
steadier for his shaken nerves.
The tug Alert is back in commission
again after receiving new boilers, and
Captain Joseph Trewin is once more
back at his post. The boys in the
tugboat office assert that genial Joseph
has been giving the girls a treat for
the- last month or six weeks and many
of them are now broken hearted at his
having to go to work again. Whether
that is true or not Captain Trewin was
back on his steamer again with his
usual clean shave and happy smile,
welcoming all comers. The tugboat
company will be more than glad to
have the Alert once more in commis
sion, as there has been a great rush of
work of late.
East street was lined all of yesterday
from Broadway to Clay street with a
double line of wagons waiting a chance
to get on Broadwa wharf* to- de
liver their freight. The steamer City
of Pueblo was a day late getting in
from Puget Sound, and as she is to sail
on schedule time to-day the merchants
had to rush things in order to get
the freight clown in time. Men on the
steamer will bave to work all night
in order to receive the goods, and the
chances are that it will be noon to-day
before the Pueblo gets away for Vic
toria, B. C.
jVlarteau-Lechaume.
Assisted by a large orchestra, Mar
teau and Lechaume will give their
farewell concert at the Baldwin The
ater to-night. The orchestra, alter
nately under the direction of Marteau
and Lechaume, will play Bizet's first
"l'Arlesienne" suite, the march from
Berlioz's "Damnation of Faust," Mas-
Benet's "Phrede" overture, and Saint
Saens' "Danse Macabre." Marteau
will play the concerto dedicated to him
by Dubois, Saint Saens' Introduction
and Rondo Capriccloso and Andre
Wormser's "Suite Tzigane." Lechaume
will play Pierne's Fantasie Ballet. In
all, an attractive, popular programme
that should draw a large audience to
Bay au revolr to these accomplished
artists. Marteau writes to correct a
paragraph which appeared in another
department of last Thursday's Call.
He says that he has played four times
with the Theodore Thomas orchestra
thin year, once in Louisville, once in
Nashville and twice in Chicago.
La flips' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
five credit. M. Itothscbild, 211 Sutter, r. 8 & 7.
HALE BROS. | HALE BROS. |^
Jno^ ARTISTIC v FJRENCH^v
\ view jj TION §^^LLiNERV > \
MILLINERY.
EVERYTHING NEW.
Our new Millinery Department Is under the
personal supervision of Miss M. Ryan (late of
La Vake, Brett & Co., the famous New York ,
milliners), assisted by Miss Ida M. Kirschner,
head trimmer, and ten assistants. Exquisite
creations In French' Pattern Hats now on view.
We would not only Impress upon our patrons
(In reference to this department, but also as to
.dress goods) the fact that there are now only
thirteen days to Easter. Better buy early—
ter for dressmaker, milliner, you and ourselves;
better satisfaction all around.
CAPES.
EVERYTHING NEW.
k LADIES' BLACK BRO-
X WA. CADED SATIN
,sS^3*fj2l CAPES — Chiffon, rlb-
VlSJMfefcfr boo and buckle trlm-
(■ a J JB mings, black Rhadame
*L» J& silk lined, sizes 34 to 42.
TOgkfßr Hale's Price
LADIES' CIRCULAR
flKJsUffgfflSg CLOTH CAPES—
ft Bi"fjw// rows zigzag black braid
I" *LMnSr/\f on bottom. colors.
M 4efis^v£'^ green, black and navy,
\ > i£P^?yw^ seizes 34 to 40. Hale's
2500 feet of our new annex has been given
over to our Cloak and Wrap Department. No
branch of this great store has received more
careful attention from our buyers. No depart-
ment Is more worthy of the careful attention of
our customers.
SUITS.
EVERYTHING NEW.
LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH
SUIT — Handsomely braided all
over blouse effect jacket. silk<£|CVoO
lined, sizes 34 to 40. Hale's Price. tJJ *■ -£.
LADIES' REEFER SUIT— FIy front.
in green cheviot, skirt p. aline
lined. jacket silk trimmed, five rows
tucking on jacket and skirt. Hale | (Y<>°
Price <tp»vr
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SERGE
SUIT— front jacket, silk serge
lined comes also In navy blue andfi?v
brown, sizes 32 to 42. Hale's Price. .<P •
LADIES' CLOTH SUITS— brown,
green and navy blue i (blouse eftect).
six buttons In front, trimmed with _
Soutache braid, skirt lined, boundd? y.50
with velvet. Hale's Price. ■■ *P » —
MONUMENT TO
LIEUT. BURKE
Police Department to Fit
tingly Commemorate
His Death.
Cowardice of Policemen Wil
kinson and Kennedy Being
Investigated.
Generally Believed That Sergeant
Price Will Succeed His Old
Comrade.
A movement has already been started
to fittingly commemorate the heroism
of Lieutenant Burke as a martyr to
duty by erecting over his grave in Holy
! Cross Cemetery a monument with a
! suitable inscription.
It is expected that a committee from
; Company D, of the Mission district, will
jbe appointed in a few days to take
i the matter in hand, and as the mur
! dered lieutenant was a general favor
! ite in the department no difficulty is
anticipated in collecting a sufficient
: amount to meet all the requirements.
\ No event in the history of the Police
Department, has so stirred the mem
! bers as the cold-blooded murder of the
' beloved and popular liexitenant, and
i the proposition to erect a monument to
! his memory has already met with gen
eral approval.
The Police Commissioners at their
meeting to-morrow night will have sub
: mitted to them reports presented by
Chief Lees in connection with th-j con
i duct of Policemen Wilkinson and Ken
1 nedy, who were with Lieutenant Burke
• at the time he was shot.
Detective Cody and three officers
I have been for the last two or three
days detailed by the Chief to make a
thorough investigation into the matter
and procure statements from the olli
ccrs and people who witnessed the
meeting between Burke and the mur
derer, Haynes, and the subsequent
events.
So far the evidence gathered by them
is practically as follows: Lieutenant
i Burke and his men approached Haynes'
j cabin In Indian file. Burke in the lead,
j and Marlowe immediately behind him,'
Wilkinson and Kennedy bringing up
; the rear. Burke had been warnei by
i Hopklnson and Grocer Graham that
Haynes was a dangerous man, but he
paid iittle attention to their warning
and took no precaution other than to
• place his revolver in his outside coat
i pocket. As he approached Haynes,
I the latter ordered him away, and a.a
Burke continued to advance shot him
\ down.
Kennedy at the first shot :*an around
\ the cabin, and from the west side
opened fire on Haynes. He «;mptie'i
his revolver at Haynes, who returned
I the fire, Kennedy not retreating until
he had exhausted his ammunition. It
| is not clear what Wilkinson and Mar
lowe were doing while Kennedy and
Haynes were exchanging shots. While
the patrol driver, Cashel, was dragging
Burkes body to a place of safety
Marlowe, Wilkinson and Kennedy, the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 27, 1898.
i ■ _. ~ Laces.
&fj^^S£^#&?4fo>™ necessity, yet a
modest luxury.
FOR DRESS Cream White and Black
TRIMMINGS. Applique, Chantilly. Net Top
Venetian Point, Craquele,
i Point de Venice, Point Rose,.
Point Gaze, Mai Ine, Plauen.
Colored Silk Brussels Net,
Chiffons. Liberty?, Mousse-
line de Sole (shirred and
plain).
WASH Point Floche, Point de Paris, Mech-
LACKS. lin. Flemish Point.
BOWKNOT
LACE EFFECTS. In all-overs and edgings.
VEILING*. New Streamer and Empire In
Black. Cream and Magpie; fancy
meshes, chenille dotted and
plain; 25c to 75c yard.
LACE Net Top Point Venice. 4% inches
SPECIAL, wide, large range of delicate pat-
terns, butter shade: regularly,
40c; until sold, special, 25c.
GLOVES. Just now we wish you to see our
$1 00 and $1 50 new clasp glove.
See our new Bayadere Ribbons..
JACKETS.
EVERYTHING NEW.
LADIES' JACKETS— In medium shade
Tan Covert Cloth, all lined with
Taffeta Silk, fly front, sizes 34 tcCT'T-50
40. Hale's Price *J> C
LADIES' BLACK SERGE JACKET—
Lined all through with silk serge, fly <£ ST. oo
front, sizes 32 to 40. Hale's Price.. ..tJJtJ
SKIRTS.
EVERYTHING NEW.
LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY BLUE
SERGE SKIRTS— Lined throughout
with percallne, bound with velvet, fir Q.OO
Hale's Price tJ>O
LADIES' BAYADERE SKIRTS —
(Herring none effect), all lined and
bound, colors, black and blue, green -<'-'-
and black, brown and black. Hale'sflT A .50
Price tjjTh— —
latter having secured additional am
munition, were firing into HayncV
cabin, thereby keeping him in check.
John McGrath, who lives at Folsorn
street and Precita avenue, .:tates that
it was while Policemen Kennedy and
Marlowe were drawing Haynes 1 fire
that he and Cashel drew Burkes body
out of range. Martin Johnson of 320
Montcalm avenue states that Kennedy
fired from the west side of the cabin
at Haynes whenever possible. When
his ammunition became exhausted he
sent a boy to borrow more cartridges
from any one who had them.
It is expected that the Commissioners
at their meeting to-morrow night will
appoint a successor to the dead lieu
tenant, and it is the general belief in
the department that Sergeant Price
will be selected. Price and Burke, as
was stated in The Call, were associated
together In the Mission district for
many years, and no one Is more famil
iar with the district than Price.
The Free Public Market.
Mayor James D. Pholan has sent to J. J.
Truman, treasurer for the committee
which has in charge the promotion of the
free public market in San Francisco, the
sum of J2O on behalf of the Board of
Supervisors of San Francisco, for for
warding the work. Contributions have
also been received to date from the Peta
luma Poultry Kff-pors' Association, Peta
lurna Grange, P. of H., the Two Rock
Grange, Santa Rosa Grange No. 17, P. of
H., the Contra Costa County Fruit Union
and Sacramento County Pomona Grange.
STATE GETS OLD
BANK ACCOUNTS
Failure to Discover the Heirs
Results in Their Es
cheat.
After a Twenty Years' Search the
Hunt for Heirs Is Aban
doned.
For many years there have been ear
nest efforts to discover the heirs' to cer
tain old bank accounts, presumably due
to the heirs of John B. Casey, Hugh
Green and John Connolly. After a search
of decades it has been determined that all
that they owned will escheat to the
State. The total amounts to several
thousand dollars.
The three men, whose names and whose
bank accounts have long been advertised,
died more than twenty years ago. Many
attorneys and agents have hunted in vain
for their heirs, but it was not discov
ered until recently, and that by Oscar T.
Shuck, that the estates of Green and
Connolly proper go to the State by es
cheat.
An application has been placed on file
! for the estates to be allowed to escheat
| to the State, and the Attorney General
] has asked that the same course be pur
| sued in the case of Casey. In this mat
ter Attorney Shuck asks that his services
I be remembered before the escheat Is de-
I clared.
Casey was one of the oldest carpenters
In the employ of the Southern Pacific
Company, and that company, at the at
torney's request, hsui diligent • Inquiry
made, but cowld not learn any clew to his
fate. The attorney found he had been
j killed after leaving the company's ser
i vice.
Kugh Green had three brothers in the
I East. One of these turned up In Phlla
! delphla, living, as he represented, on
charity. He could not account for the
two other brothers, so the court allowed
him one-third of the estate and ordered
the balance to be turned Into the State
treasury, as staged.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. -Noouan. 1017-1023 Mission.
HALE BROS. | HALE BROS. | ~
MMWHBHB^H M^k_ K-i ''' * '*■'" Pffj^^JßHß^M " Pfll n*Cl*S| V« ' •* * --■ a. J_ v flight*
937-947 Market Street. j JS &£*%& S new Easter
EASTER. SHOW WEEK- Bili|
To-day we announce our readiness to inaugurate a show week, spreading before our customers the most superb display c c
Dress Fabrics. Our buyers have gathered in the choicest from the looms of many lands— culled the very
FLOWER OR FASHION'S RICHEST FANCY
Outlining the Newest Goods and Tints for Spring and Summer. Far away from original and artistic France, where infant fash on
finds its birth to every corner of our own great everywhere, anywhere that worthy additions could be made
: • '. ; f the busy buyers for Hale's California Stores have garnered in the
WEALTH OF BEAUTY
Now here, presenting this week exclusive designs and colorings specially apropos.
Eastertide means everything new. We carry this out in every department. >,:. ~V\
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT.
THESE PRICES ARE FOR SUIT LENGTHS OF SEVEN YARDS. " VT-T>
REDFERN SUITING— For tailor- FANCY POPELINE-Silk and , AN endless variety of all-wool. 36- TT r ~T£r-NElPnnii^lL!srp,.tMl~ T £r- NE1 Pnnii^ IL !5rp,.t MI blue «C T-OO
made costumes, in mixtures offl>|Q.2s wool, 44 Inches wide, one of the C 0.75 inch wide fancy suitings for <Cl°° ■Sl " IN h ° ~ Po^"" til .' €l><
Blue, green and tan tj> I swelf Easter fabrics €J>O— skirts of four yards each, f0r.... tJ? ■ . green, brown, gray, etc.
FANCY SILK AND"WOOL BAY- = FANCY FRIEZE ~STRIPE -40 2,YF p R L XH^n Iray ween* <C « • 3 5
ADERE SUITINGS— 44 inches FANCY SILK MIXED SUIT- inches wide, special purchase, — -_ material mixtures in gray, green, *u^y
wide, all the high art spring CIA3O INGS-New serpoline goods. In C 7.00 shadlngs and ZTZJ!ZS:.~. $8^ ""Tsee Our New Millinery- )
shadlngs ........i. «P*V/ distinctively rich shades ...<?» tremely rich «P<J <See Our New Millinery uispiay./
Npw 'Mirclin Underwear $b The Lace Curtain Department. WASH _goods.
IIW TT 1111131111 I lIUWI TTWUI . T*»7 Fully in line with our extensive improve- NEW FIGURED LAWN— 32 Inches
/• v ;'.. : ' • *»L ments, we have refitted and furnished our L<»ce jde, white and colored grounds, bias 01/»
Our Muslin Underwear Department has been enlarged. A^faSF)ar» • Curtain Department— there s chair plaids black and navy with small - CJ3V
/IP3r fB&S* &M\ comfort, too, when you are selecting Laster «B-,, r £.0 oolorinits . Yard
Stock Is of a higher quality and better style., Our buyer /WVJ7%J£If\ curtains. figures. 50 colorings
In the East secured at about half price some good lots, . fi3%fll\ -EVERYTHING NEW- , FANCY . DIMITIES - Lace stripes. |QCQ C
t*3fcff/IF/!rn*»».*l as TJATTjci vriTTivrHiw AMr> pivrT white ground, colored figures, 10 col- ivw
and we intend our customers shall share the benefit of MESH LAc" cr-RTAINS-In white and "rings • ••• •" Yard
these low prices. /T/JmT Hchnes^ li^^i^onli? wVth^the FANCY ORGANDIES-Shadow effects. | Ol-
fil/l M \\ price. ' ' 15 colorings Yard *^i«w
1*; " '■ '' ' l 62.25, $2.75, $4, $4.50. $5 pair
CHEMHES ; cV O "n n fS Ll n?ck C^d Ml Sets B<lUare t^ nrufM 25c NOTmGHAM FISH^T AND NOVELTY "^ vStSBBtsS^ 1 5 c d
6 ironi. necK ana armiets ..../*•"■ ■ DESIGNS-(White and ecru)— 50 to 54 , with small (lowers, 20 colorings Yard
50 dozen FINE SOFT FINISHED MUSLIN CHEMISES, square OOf»K f» Inches wide 3& yards long; exceptional \.
neck, embroidery and torchon lace trimmed; regular value 50c. OOw value. ' NEW ORGANDIES— ground and C%PS.r>
- $1.50 and $1.75 pair woven stripes, fancy ' flowered ef- ZOv
DRAWEIIS. 15 dozen MUSLIN DRAWERS, heavy and good, three tucks, IQ r WHTTF TAWTmrnitt-IW TTIRTAIN- feCtS> ColorlnßS : '"—' , Yard
with one-inch embroider^ruf^ on b0tt0m......... | lUC WHITE JAMBOI^ S^S <**%£*£ __
COVKkI. f?. dO ." "'. . mad ?.. O^.^.. m r!! n .\. hi f^. n .! Ck :.^ . .^l 1 ! t f ; : : * : : : : : : : : : : lOC ****' Per Pa $2.75 1«2.50,1 «2.S0, $3 and s3.so . CONFIRMATION.
50 dozen of fine cambric. V-shaped neck, %-inch embroidery 19 C NEW CLUNIECT-RTAIXP-Noveltles with NEW PLAIN WH^ ORGANDIES, espe-
trimmed- regular no, Ic/W 3-lneh lace edgings, 3^xdo. $3.00 pair daily PLAIN WHITE costumes. espe«
$3.00 pair daily for confirmation, costumes.
.16 dozen of fine soft finished muslin, tucked and embroidered, O PZ. r- -„*.,-, A *. *, X , i™», nn-i~~\.
insertion-trimmed yoke \2&C IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS-31V4x.50. 36 " "^ c " Z 2 'c 3(^ yard.
in scroll patterns, with 12-Inch borders, at . 16 2 " 3 - . , 2Qc ' . 2oC - 30c yara *
SKIRTS. 10 doz. Rood heavy muslin, tucked with deep cambric ruffle on OBJ r ' .-- ; $4.00 pair white Dotted and Figured Swisses, from 10<J
• • bottom; regular we.... CVCVW • . . to sOc per yard.«;n.-V
S doz. Umbrella style, 3'; i yards wide, fine soft finished muslin rzf\~ (See Our New Easter l aces -) __ , ~~T" t>ikk^ an , ir»n
cambric flounce, deep tucked ruffle on bottom; regular 75c ! 50C — , ings^grSr^ariety^'wUl '^f JSe poUcV
15 dozen. Umbrella style, 3V6 yards wide, extra fine soft SSSKftf: M A Revelation 111 New Easter Ribbons, to select Easter goods early.
muslin, deep cambric flounce, 6-lnoh embroidery ruffle on bottom- flri-OO A H*»CiailUU HI HCTT Laaitl niuuuu^.
special value  ' €j> 1 We could not welcome !! — ■ . «
GOWNS. 30 dozen, made of fine., soft finished muslin. French neck, em- Jj§ to Easterln <>i^in<fer pro- DOMESTICS.
broideo- insertion running round tucked yoke, cambric ruffle ° n 65C J$L ["-on than in our Ribbon UUiY\li& 1 l^C.
neck and cuffs, regular Ssc <UOV* tiT _2Stt Department. There's a , aseq PERCALES % width light PZr*
10 dozen, only fine cambric and soft finished muslin, very elabor- /n&&s«r>\ wealth of designs, a £low ° d me dlum colors '. '.Yard Uv
ately trimmed with lace or embroidery, some Empire style and lO 7i/Sl °* warmth and variety in «
V-shaped yoke, insertions and tucks;" not one worth less thanQO \S&M/ // the tints of this stock. s cases PERCALES 36 inches wide, 01/>
Jl 50. Extra Special i/Ot ATU\ Easter novelties in Louis- light and dark colors Yard <33W>
11 \\\ me, Grenadine, Poplin,
See Our INevA/ Ribbons. M t \\\ X? /f lI U Mo ] re ' Ch c t 8 -
1/1 1A Plaids Bayadere and Ro-
V^ I\M man Stripes. . ART DEPT.
Am 1 a^-iiol nAmAnn^nn^A H All f!P\ Brilliant-hued Ribbons, rtIV *
An Actual Demonstration. fti& la^nd R R u i^ n ßonnet «x» CUSHION COVERS, wlthback.^^
<&%KB&sgbt l . Sa 5 h ° nd RU "Jf • Bo " net front and ruffle all ready for cush- QS r
On Monday MISS CARPENTER, an expert from the Mme. Gair Co. of JfifigM*gi$ l §S o"kk Gown l ?, a " e 'S"" Jon; very pretty -£OL/
New York, will give demonstrations of the practical use of the Gair Drapery b\Jns.°Sweet '88 Ribbon^ 3 6x3S DENIM TABLE~C^VERS-Tint^
Ring. They arc very handsome and artistic, adding a charm to a well. harbingers of spring.' cd. outlined with Tambour stitching Q££p>
furnished room. > x RES and fringed all around -^CFW
Time and trouble saved. THE LATEST THING OUT. Gair's Brass Dra- w^ y^to Ynspec" the£ n°ew beaKf -
pery Rings, made with pins attached, will not unhitch when yon throw back as a temptation we secured from one of the
the portieres or curtains. They hold them close to the pole and will not largest manufacturers over ?2000 worth of notions.
• t. t.l. •■■ •_ -..t-*. j satin and gros grain, double-faced satin, plain I^IVJ 1 I* — /1^O«
tarnish. They will brighten up the draperies. and moire taffeta, all the new effects in fancy
GAIR'S VESTIBULE BRASS DUAPERY RINGS- .2. 2 ribbons, such as Bayadere an es}l^e s }I^ DOUBLE DIPPED HAIRPIN- 2c
 . . . , ,in . . , O w checks and plaids, a balance of this seasons Straight and crinkled Paper
Vmch size, set ot IO rinfes I2^c set stock, 12,000 yards in all, good colors. Some
4-inch size, set of 10 rings 15 c set exclusive satin and gros grain, plain and BONE HAIRPIN— In amber, shell and ©^
moire taffetas. These we put In at one price Mack Dozen OC
GAIR'S CONCAVE DRAPERY RINGS— to cause a feminine flutter: DiacK ................ yozen v-r
l : 2-inch size, set of 10 rings 30c set No. 5. No 7. No 9 No. 12. No. 16. LADIES' SATIN GORED HOSE SUP-| QV'
l?i-lnch size, set of 10 rings 30c set *?■ 5c - • 7c. Sc. * c - PORTERS-Blue, pink, red, yellow! g\*
«Aar,TU T »« »«««.».»«- 75 , - a ■>* "-■ "V* %T ..C."" EEI :^;^;;s;;;i;: 2O * c r
1 i-lnch size, set ot IO rings 75c set See the window display; It speaks volumes Extra heavy enamel ZUC<
.- 1%-inch size, set of IO rings 85c set for the beauty of these goods and gives prices
— on fancy ribbons. LARGE SIZED METAL POWDER Op.
(See our figures on new Lace Curtains.) (See Our New Easter Gloves.) BOX- Ow
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The Latest Rumors of
Edison's Gold Mining
Scheme.
Prospects That Grew Into
Mines— Big River Dredging
Plans— Developments
of a Week.
The rather vague and seni.Uionul newspaper
reports that Wizard Edison has invented a
new go'd-f-a\ Ing process, which in y»?t. r secret, |
and that he has bought the great Ortiz grant j
In New Mexico to try his invention In. have ,
awakerec a curious and exu-tri'i it interest In j
the mining world as well as general incredu- i
llty. Of course, if Thomas A. Edison Is really
going to revolutionize gold mining and really
has something new and good In the line of j
what the mining world most wants — cheaper |
processes — he will be welcomed with honor and '
given a complimentary M. E. The latest ac
count Is given as follows by the Albuquerque
Citizen:
"The New Mexican has finally possessed It
self of definite and authentic information con
cerning the immense and sensational deal
whereby the world -renowned Inventor. Thomas
A. Edißon, of Orange, N. J., in association
with an English syndicate that commands un
limited capital, has secured a two years' option
on the famous Ortiz mine grant of about 56,000
acres of gold land in South Santa Fe County,
and at the end of that time will unquestion
ably pay over to the owners of the grant the
modest sum of $i,WiO.ono named In the bond
as the price of the property.
"Of course no one here knows what manner
of a plant Is being constructed, as It is the
coinage of Mr. Edison's own fertile and re
sourceful brain, but an idea of Its mammoth
proportions can be formed from the fact thßt
It will be built large enough to handle 25,000
tons of placer dirt every twenty-four hours.
After the plant is -.mnleted, Mr. Edison will
come at once to this city with his family, and
thereafter his headquarters will be here for an
indefinite period."
Heretofore undeveloped prospects all over
the State are being rapidly taken hold of by
men and companies, after bonding or purchas
ing, and are belnz developed more or less
with a little faith and money to find out what
may be below. There are almost daily reports
of such properties showing up well as opera
tions proceed, and here and there one will
turn into a great mine. The men who are
doing this work with some Judgment lire not
engaged In wholly speculative ventures, and
they are doing a great deal for the mining
Industry. A sample of these operations is
given by the Grass Valley Tidings, as follows:
"A mining property which has passed the
observation of prospectors for years, but which
now bids fair to be one of the coming mines,
is the Mistletoe property in the vicinity of
Rough and Ready. An assay made by A.
Cooper last week shows that the ore will go
over $80 to the ton, although at that time a
color of free gold had not been seen.
"Last night the miners employed there took
out gome eood rock from the bottom of the
shaft which showed specks of free gold. The
owners are very much pleased over the sight
of gold. The walls are four and a half feet
apart and the ledge is well defined. Two min
ers who have looked at th" mine and who
have had considerable experience say It Is the
prettiest prospect they have seen. The shaft
will be sunk to a depth of 100 feet before
drifting is commenced, although much good
ore has already been encountered."
Smolter talk is cheap and has been frequent
in Southern California for some time. A suc
cessful smelter would do much for that mining
region. The Los Angeles Mining News gives
the following account of the latest enter
prise:
For a number of years there has been talk
of building a smelter in Los Angeles, but not
j until a few days ago have active steps been
i taken in that direction. Tuesday a corporation
I called* the Northwestern Smelting and Keflnlnß
| Company was formed, and officers sleeted at
once. The board of directors consists of M.
W. Clay. D. T. Jackson, both of Miss, uri ; L.
W. Morgan of Los Angeles. E. H. Hose of
Colton and E. H. Gruwell of Riverside. The
capital stock of the company Is $500 000, of
which $300,000 has already been subscribed.
The site for the smelter has not yet been
chosen, but a committee has been appointed
to examine several localities which ought be
suitable. San Pedro has offered to donate a
thirty-acre lot. The capacity of the smelter
will he 150 tons dally and It will be completed
within three months. There is to be a refinery
in connection with the smelter where the bul
lion will be produced in the pure state. There
are a great many mines within a few hundred
miles of Los Angeles which could produce
enormous amounts of smelting ores, but have
not been worked to any extent, being too far
away from a smelter.
The biggest among the river dredging opera
tions now In preparation on various streams
are some In Trinity and Siskiyou counties. Of
one the Siskiyou County Reporter Fays: "The
Montana Dredging Company, which has under
bond a large tract of gravel land just this side
of Callahans, Including five miles of the bed of
Scott River, has already expended over $10,i>00
In sinking shafts and doing other prospecting
work. The gravel channel has not been reached
yet, although dirt Is being washed which pays
11 cents per cubic yard, which Is an exceeding
ly good yield. One of the members of the
company has gone to Montana for the purpose
of having two more dredgers put In operation.
When this has been accomplished we will see
I In Scott Valley one of the largest mining en
| terr>ripes ever inaugurated in the county."
Last week's Shasta Courier says: "The $30,
! 000 dredger at I'oker Bar on Trinity River, near
Lowden's ranch, Is probably only the beginning
of a system of mining In Trinity that will add
millions of dollars to the gold supply. The
'• mines of Weaver Basin have let go into
I Weaver Creek, an affluent of the river, treas
; ure that would rival Klondike, and dredgers
may yet reclaim this gold."
The miners along the mother lode are feeling
much better since the recent considerable
I snowfall.
I The well-known Champion mine near West
: Point, Calaveraa County, situated about a mile
! from town, has been bonded by a Cripple
! Creek company anil work has commenced
| cleaning out the old shaft. This is the deep
' est mine In the camp, the shaft having been
; sunk to the depth of over 900 feet. The mine
! has been idle for about twelve years.
The Jim Corbett mine, located on Green
horn Gulch, in the Smiths Flat mining dis
trict, Culaveras County, and near the cele
' hrated Star of India mine, Is looming up. Re
cently assays made from ore taken from the
Jim Corbett mine went as high as $60 per ton.
The mine is being worked by tunnel and the
! exact width of the lode Is not at present
i known.— Mountain Echo.
The Illinois mine, owned by Pen K. Thorn.
is about to be bonded to C. D. Lane, and de
i velopment work w-Jll soon be commenced. A
! shaft 13.1 feet is already down on this mine
' and sufficient rich ore is In sight to warrant
! the Immediate erection of a mill. Further
rich strikes are reported from the Condlt mines
at Collierville.— Calaveras Citizen.
The Draper mine is going to put up an
expensive plant, new hoist, etc., so as to be
able to sink to depth on the rich shoot dis
covered in the winze below the 300-foot level.
The rock is exceedingly rich. It is reported
that James Gillls took out a $1200 pocket at
Tuttletown last week. The owners of the
Oolden Rule mine are contemplating the erec
tion of a twenty-stamp mill. The Gagner
mine, near Tuttletown. had a good clean-up
this week after a successful run, amounting
to about $6000. William G. Long is the su
perintendent. They have a twenty-stamp mill
and the vein Is a large one.— Tuolumne Inde-
Mr Shope, an old miner and mill man. Is in
Chicago where he has gone to buy a mill and
all the ' necessary- improvements to treat our
ores with. As soon as the machinery arrives
he will set the mill up about nine miles south
of Mojave where there Is plenty of water.
The mine owners are pleased with the assur
ance that they will not have to ship their ore
much longer— Tehachapl Times.
E. M. Hamilton of East Los Angeles is build-
Ing a five-stamp mill near Rosamond, Kern
County, to mill a lot of $3T. rock from his mine.
The Glen Olive mine. Vaughns. Kern County,
which was started up last August, has been
worked all winter, though It Is at a 6000-root
elevation, where there has been a good deal
of snow since December. The mine Is pro
ducing steadily.
There Is an apparent danger that the sta
bility of the combination of the Los Angeles
I oil producers, formed to hold prices up to Jl
1 a barrel will be affected by outside Influences
I working for lower prices at which to buy
Shipments to San Francisco remain at about
10 (XX) barrels a month. Secretary Strasburg of
the Oil Producers 1 Trustees, referring to this,
said he had reasons for believing that the ship
ments to Pan Francisco could be doubled if the
present uncertainty as to future prices did not
prevail, and if cars could be obtained to 9htp
A "correspondent of the Redding Free Press
i sjiy* th.it French Gulch is the best fluartz
I mining camp In Shasta County and that great
! activity prevails there. All the mines are be
ing operated and the mills run to their fullest
! capacity. The Milkmaid mine is being de
veloped and good ore crushed. The old Wash
ington mine 1b looking very well. The most of
the work Is being done by leasers. The leases
will terminate the first of April and the own
ers will resume control. The Blagrave brothers
havo taken out $2000 in a few days In their
ease of the upper workings. George W. Leav
tt and the Stratton brothers have also made ;
•nr ney. A force or. miners has been put on
:he Niagara. The lower levels of the Glad- i
stone show good ore and the mill Is running
iteadDy. The mill on the Three Sisters mine
8 running on good ore. Frank Rossi has put
n a steam power plarft to run the mill on the
Brunswick, from which mine he has made
Tioney.
An Important mininß transaction of last ;
a-eek was the sale for $57.500 of some properties j
it Oro Flno. in Scott Valley. Sisklyou County, j
to W. H. Taylor of San Francisco, who Is sup- j
jxised to represent the Kisdon Iron Works. I
rhe properties include 200 acres of gravel mm- !
n«? ground with water rights, flumes, etc. It .
s estimated that $750,000 has been taken from
:hese claims In the past.
Dan Kingery and A. J. Hay, who discovered ]
1 rich ledge of quartz on the old hill above !
the old R H. Campbell hydraulic mine in ;
3uartz Valley, still continue to find very rich |
quartz, and are likely to develop one of the
richest ledges on the coast. Exceedingly rich
pockets are constantly l>elnK discovered in :
(Quartz Valley, and there must, certainly be !
permanent ledges In that section, although j
probably deep below the surface, requiring
capital to sink down in systematic and scien- j
tific manner.— Yreka Journal.
Some very good quartz m:nes are being de
veloped in Shasta County, near the Trinity
County line, about ten miles west from Cas- :
tella. J. R. Stoddard of Stoddards s inter- !
■>?t<>d In throe very promising mines there, on j
which considerable development work has been ;
[Jone and several good ledses opened up. The ;
company intends to put up a tlve-stamp mill
nn the "property as soon as the snow on the j
trail melts.— Trinity Journal.
Harrison Gulch is often spoken of as a new '
tamp, but its placers were worked in early ,
lays and a Courier correspondent, writing I
from Arbuckle in IS6I. stated that claims were j
held there as high as $500 a share, but com
plained of a scarcity of water.
William Kemp, the copper expert, who left
a couple of weeks ago, after being here a ;
rouple" of months, returned from Redding last >
Sunday evening. His return Is looked upon as ]
favorable to the disposal of copper claims in i
the Low Divide region. That he has a favor- ,
able opinion of the country for copper deposits
there can be no doubt, as he is spending: i
oome money on claims located by himself and !
for others 'connected with tho Iron Mountain
Company. Mr. Kemp went to the Low Divide ,
vVednesday to take a look at development work !
ione «tnco he left.— Del Norte Record.
Frauk Blghouse has sold the Grisley quartz
mine nnd a placer claim on Coffee Creek to
r F Medasy and J. C. Steel for $4000.
One-half ton of ore taken from Harvey
mood's mine, generally known as the Collier
nine situated some five or six miles southeast :
if Murphvs. Calaveras County, was recently
sold to the Utlca Company for $300, which, it
will be seen, proves the ore to be worth at
p«st six hundred dollars a ton.— Mountain
f.Vtio
The Denver Republican says the figures for
the output of the Cripple Creek district for
February show a gain over January and an
f". .r :iv.-* ..! n"Ti' tl.. ■■• R ir'.irter ■■; n mttllnn
Jollars over the corresponding month of the
previous '-ear. The output for the month was
Bl 240 tons, at an average value of $65, making
a total '->i' $i.i4''.4on. 11= against >SS6,uoo for the '
corresponding month Inst year.
Marco* Daly has given $15.nort in aid of a '
'reclltahle Montana mineral display at the
rrans-Misslsslppl exposition.
In two directions, perhaps, the mining In
iustry would profit from a war. There would
undoubtedly be a larger demand for copper j
for electrical appliances, and the self-evident
Jemand for lead would stimulate the produc- I
tion of that metal. This would have a good I
?ffect upon our silver-lead mines for the time
being and Bring into renewed activity those !
slstricts that produ- large percentages of lead.
-Western Mining World.
There Is considerable Justification in the plea I
for a national mining bureau when it Is stated
[hat In the department of agriculture at Wash
ington there are 2443 employes. Conservative
r-stimates place the mineral product of IS9S at
JSOO.noo.OOO, and yet there is no division In the
irr^at Federal machinery of the Government
to look after the magnificent Industry of min
ing With 2443 persons looking after the tur
nips and pumpkins of this broad land, it does
3eem that fair play ought to suggest the ex- |
pendlture of a few dollars at least in hehnlf I
if the economic production of ores. — Western j
Mining World.
PBEYING UPON YOUNG GIRLS.
Agents for Alaska Dance-Houses
Working in This City.
The recent arrest of Dora Lemery, the
wayward girl who was arrested and sent
to the reform school at the instance of
:he Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children, has brought to light a con
iition of affairs that to say the least is
Uarthng. When arrester! she was in tho
company of two young girls, but as they
were not wanted for anything they wero
lot molested by the police. It now trans
sires that the three, accompanied by two
poung fellows, were bound for the gold
iields of Alaska, The two girls and their
Tiale escorts left according to arrange
ments on a vessel last Tuesday. While ,
i the L,emery girl was in the custody of
; the society she gave much information to
Mrs. Prescott, the assistant secretary.
i Her two female companions were from
' the country and had no Idea what kind of
I life they were being taken to.
They had been led to believe that by
singing and dancing for the amusement
: of the miners of the far North they could ▼ "
' reap a golden harvest. They had obtained
j these ideas from the young fellows who,
j it seems, are rm.king a business of get-
I ting young girls to go with them to the
j mining camp of Alaska. Every foolish
girl whom they can induce to listen to
I them and get as far as the steamer is
I lost forever. In fact, the rascals are
I making a business of furnishing young
; girls for the dance houses and saloons of
! the camps along the river. From what
j the Lemery girl learned, very few of the
victims have any knowledge of the na
ture of the life they are going to lead
' there. The society wishes this warning
to be spread broadcast in the hope that
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»-«-«-»-«-«- »-»-«H»-«H*-O
» "THE CREDIT HOUSE." #
A Six Stories High. A
T Restful Rocker, with J .
7 broad arms and wider
V seat. Solid and substan- V
* tially made.... $1.00 9
o T
X Indian Footstools made by deft X
T. ; hands, for tired feet 50c V
«■-'. Rough Usage Couch, that tired «
rt folks can rest full length upon. Coy- J.
ered with tufted leatherette. V-
V '- White Enamel Metal Beds, with Q
j^ brass trimmings. •• $3.00 J^
X The sanitary advantages of these |
V metal beds, coupled with their low 6
A cost, make them very desirable. J^
i CARPET DEPARTMENT. #
« Reversible Ingrain Rugs, 32x54, *?
I fringed ; nice line of patterns, in a «
$ variety of colors. ..50c I
?M. FRIEDMAN & CO. J
T 233-235-237 Post Street. «
; « Near Stockton. Open" Evenings, i
Bad way's Ready IleUef for Sprains. • BruiMa .
Bore Muscles, Cramps, Burns. Sunburns
raigia. Lumbago. Internally for all Bowal
Pains. Colic. -; Diarrhoea. - Dysentery Cholm
Morbua Mid gicknee,. NkuMei acf^T OrS?