VOLUME LXXXV.-XO. 17.
MRS. BOTKIN HAS MET HER
WORST ACCUSER IN MRS. RUOFF
Mrs. Harris Was
an Important
Witness.
The prosecutors of Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kln introduced yesterday most damag
ing testimony against the accused wo
man. The evidence given excited the
audience and disconcerted the attorneys
for the defense. Mrs. Botkln was visi
bly affected and her face and eyes lost
the evidences of unconcern which had
thus far marked them at the trial. The
situation was a serious one for her and
even a casual observer could see the
rapidly changing emotions that played
over hfi features.
Something of terrible solemnity was
given to the scone by Judge Cook him
self. The audience had been fliDDant
and boisterous during the morning ses
sion. Men and women laughed when
they pleased and audibly discussed the
situation. Judge Cook threatened to
clear the courtroom, but his warning
passed unheeded. There was a repetition
of the offense, and then the Judge
spoke a reprimand that will not soon
be forgotten. Judge Cook begged the
audience to remember that they were
not in a vaudeville theater, but in a
court of justice. "This proceeding." he
declared, "is to consider the death of
two human beings and the life of an
other."
The first sensation of the day was
: Mrs. Grace Harris, who
proved to bo one of the most important
witnesses of the case. Her testimony
directly upon the vital issue of
th- trial, and before her startliner cvi
■■• as i •'iiciuded there was a mur
mur of astonishment throughout the
thronp: in the courtroom. The prose
cution had sprung its first surprise, and
with Mis. Harris had filled another gaD
in the line of startling circumstantial
evidence against Mrs. Botkin.
The public knew the police could
prove that the handkerchief found in
the box of poisoned candy had been
purchased at the City of Paris. The
fact that the saleswoman who sold the
handkerchief could also identify the
purchaser had been kept a profound se
cret. Whin Mrs. Harris took the wit
tand few expected the course the
testimony would take. Mrs. Harris de
clared that late in May or early in June ■
< f this year she had sold two handker
chiefs, lust like that in the candy box.
to a woman who gave her address as
the Victoria Hotel.
This statement seemed to disconcert
nnd confuse Mrs. Botkin to the last
degree. Her face flushed and she fan
ned herself with ' nervous, restless en
ergy. Her attorneys sat silently watch
ins the witness on the stand. The tes
timony had come 'like a thunderbolt.
But Mrs. Harris had not as yet con
cluded. She declared that she was
pure that the woman who bought the
handkerchiefs was Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin.
Qeotse Knight tried in every way to
break the force of this testimony, but
he simply added to its effect* Under
criTß-examinatlon Mrs. Harris was
alert, sharp, quiet-spoken and confi
dent. She told Knight that she was
sure she was not mistaken in her iden
tification, as Mrs. Botkin's face re
minded her strongly of her own
mother's. She recalled the incident of
th^ sale because in selling as she had
d< ne she violated the rules of the
house. Knight did succeed, however, in
drawing frem the witness the fact that
ehe knew of no record of the sale or of
the delivery. Beyond this the cross
r-xaminer could do nothing, and for the
first time during the trial he abandoned
the attempt and notified Mrs. Harris
thnt he would recall her for further
( r"ss-examination.
It was left to Mrs. Elmira Ruoff, the I
firmer friend, confidante mid adviser of
Mrs. Botkin, to become the prisoner's
worst accuser. Mrs. Ptuoff was next
upon the Witness ptand and gave the i
most sensational testimony of the trial.
Her manner was such that even the
Assistant District Attorney urged her i
not to shw 111 feeling upon the witness
Btand. She replied that what was con-
Ptrued to be ill feeling was simply the
emphatic assertion of positive facts.
Mrs. Ruoff outlined the whole dis
praceful story of the relation between
Dunning and Mrs. Botkin. She told of
the first assignation, of clandestine
meetings, .of midnight suppers and
carousals. She sketched scenes after
ward at the races and trips to the park
and the Cliff House. She left nothing
untold that might lay the foundation
upon which the prosecution is building
a proof of the motive for the crime of
which Mrs. Botkin is accused.
PAGES FROM MRS. ELM IRA RUGFF'S STORY OF MRS. BOTKIN.
A
The San Francisco Call
Remarkable Recital at the Trial.
STERN ACCUSERS OF MRS. BOTKIN.
The witness digressed to say that she
also had seen in the possession of Mrs.
Botkin a handkerchief similar to that
found in the box of poisoned sweets.
ICcs. Ruoff was armed with pertinent
and incriminating facts. She identified
the anonymous letters as written by
Mrs. Botkin. She swore that the ad
dress on the package of candy was
written by Mrs. Botkin. And then the
witness told how Mrs. Botkin begged
Governor Budd to appoint her a Red
Cross nurse that she might go to Cuba
and the war with her lover.
The great courtroom with its throng
of people was In absolute stillness while
the woman related this story. Her
■ sharp, shrill voice rang out in accus
ing accents, and Mrs. Botkin tried not
to appear concerned. Many eyes were
upon her, and she bent over a book.
But she was not reading, and now and
again her eyes turned in fascination
toward the witness-stand.
This remarkable story related upon
the witness-stand created a profound
impression. Ge rge Knight conducted
a brief cross-examination and did not
succeed in shaking the woman in any
of her assertions. His first question
was characteristic of him. "How long
were you in the Stockton Insane Asy
lum?" he asked. It is not necessary to
say more than that Knight knew the
i witness had been a nurse and not a pa
; tiont in the institution.
There was a storm of objections, and
a recess was taken until the afternoon.
During the recess Mrs. Ruoff was coun
seled not to show ill feeling on the
witness-stand. She changed her man
ner, and so did Knight. Both were
suave, quiet-spoken, courteous. But
Knight could glean nothing directly to
contradict or entrap the witness. After
a brief examination he released her.
The proceedings, which during the day
developed so much of dramatic interest,
opened quietly. B. K. Keklund, a candy
maker employed by George Haas, was the
first witness called. He had put no ar
senic in chocolate. A juror drew from him
that arsenic could be inserted in candy
and the aperture closed, but the witness
thought it would show.
He was followed by Mrs. Grace Harris,
one of the strongest witnesses for the
prosecution. Like many of those who
preceded her. she seemed touchy on
her past, declining to state her residence.
She had apparently read the papers, as
she alluded to the employes of the City
of Paris as "sales persons" and "Bales
people," not the recurrent "sales ladles"
of the candy counter. She was shown the
handkerchief which accompanied the poi
soned sweets to Delaware and identified
it as one sold by hc-r. It still contained
the prico mark which she had placed upon
it with a red rubber stamp. She sold it
to a woman who asked that it be sent to
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1898.
the Victoria Hotel. She had seen Mrs. .
Botkin in court and recognized her as re- !
sembling the woman who had made the ;
purchase. . . : - ••;-•-•
• To Mr. Knight she refused to give her '
present address, but finally said It was j
11041 1 04 Market street, a lodging house. She !
■was sure the purchaser- of the handker- i
chief was Mrs. Botkin, for several rea
sons. The witness knew a man who was
employed at the Victoria Hotel, and
when Mrs. Botkin gave that address the
saleswoman looked up quickly and saw
In the woman before her one who bore '
a striking resemblance to her mother. The
circumstances of the sale all came back
to her. She had no doubt that Mrs. Bot- I
kin was the purchaser of the two hand- :
kerchiefs. . !
Mrs. Klmira Ruoff, one time nurse and
friend of Mrs. Botkin. next took the stand
and. told what she . knew of the defend
ant's movements for an extended period.
To Mr. Hosmcr she said: "My home is ;
in Stockton. I am a widow, and have j
known Mrs. Botkin for seven or eight
years. For the last two years I have
known her very well. " I know John P.
Di nning, having seen him in both San
Francisco and Oakland. I have seen them
in each • other's company four or five
times, perhaps six.. The -first time was at
the home of Mrs. Botkin's sister, Mrs. |
McClure, at Oakland. This was two 1
years ago last April. At that time a mes- <
senger boy brought Mrs. Botkin a note.
After reading It she told me she expected
a visit from a friend and asked me to let j
him in without his ringing the bell and ;
at racting any attention. She did not |
want any. one to know of his visit. Mr. |
Dunning came and I admitted him as re- j
quested. He stayed about a half hour.
A week later he came again under ex- j
actlv the same circumstances.
"The next time I met him was in Gold
en Gate Park. Mrs. Botkin and myself j
were on our way to the Cliff House and
passed through the park. Mrs. Botkin
expected to meet him at the 1 Cliff, but he j
did not come. This was in July, 1896. The
next time I saw him was at the home of :
'Mrs. Botkin at P27 Geary street, between i
Polk and Van Ness avenue. He came in i
and stayed a few minutes. Some days j
later I went to stay all night and knocked !
at the door of Mrs. Botkin's room. She
asked me to go downstairs and wait for i
her. Shortly afterward she called me and
I went up and found Mr. Dunning in the
room -with her. •; :
The witness was shown the handker
chief sent to Delaware and said: "Mrs.
Botkin and myself were in the City of j
Paris one day and she pointed out a
handkerchief like that and said, 'Ain't
they pretty?' The handkerchiefs had !
been marked down and were being sold at
an unusually low price."
The witness identified a card as being
in Mrs. Botkin's handwriting. The latter
acknowledged it. and the letter was ad- j
mitted in evidence. The witness identified |
the following letter as being in Mrs. Bot- I
kin's handwriting: ; ;•/ <
San Francisco, Apr. 18|98
Governor Bud: Most Dear Sir: Will you
kintily prant my sincere request which to be
placed on the nurse staff. It will be my heart
felt wish to render all the care ami sympathy
that such a position would demand. My ref
erence in this City is Dr. Thorne. Trusting
my request will receive an early response, I
am most respectfully.
Mrs. W. A. Botkine, 1105 Hyde Street.
This was written shortly after Dunning
went to Cuba as a war correspondent.
The witness Identified the anonymous
letters, saying they were not In Mrs. Bot
kin's usual handwriting, but that there
were many points .if similarity. The
writing on the wrapper, she thought,
was the same as that of the anonymous
letters an 1 thai, one and txe same person
wrote them all and ttiat that person wad
Mrs. Botkin.
"I saw Mrs. Botkin," continued the wit
ness." on the 27th or 28th of July, 1S!«.
She came up on the boat and I was not
overjoyed to see her. She noticed this
and I explained that I had expected to see
her in the city. I made coffee for her and
then she entered upon a discussion as to
various poisons. I told her that in poison-
Ing rats I would use strychnine. She
asked if ] ever used arsenic and I said I
had, but found the rats thrived on it. She
asked particularly as to what would be
a dose that would kill and T inld her that
it varied in size. She then asked how she
could purchase the drug and 1 told her at
any drugstore, but would have to explain
for what purpose she required it. She
then asked particularly as to the rates of
postage on various kinds of matter. I
advised her if she desired to make sure
of safe transmission she should register
anything she sent. She asked if she
would not then have to sign her name."
"She then asked me If a person was In
trouble and hired a lawyer would they
have to tell him everything. I answered
by reminding her of the old saying that
it is best to employ a good doctor or
lawyer if one needs such services as they
can render.
"She then explained to me- that she came
up to see the 'governor,' as she alwa-ys
called Mr. Botkin. She had some dla- :
monds in pawn and wanted money from
him with which to redeem them. She
went out, but returned shortly and said
she had seen the 'governor' and that
he was displeased to find her there, but
had invited her to dine Vith him. She
complained of feeling HI and said that if
she had not promised Mr. Botkin she
would not dine with him.
"Mrs. Botkin went out and returned late
in the afternoon and said: 'I have dined
with the "governor"' and have been
to his room. That cuts him off from a '
divorce for one year.' That night she
complained of being 111. saying it was
acute pneumonia. She was very excited
and nervous, and said she had taken poi- i
son. I said. 'I don't believe you have; you !
are too hip a coward." The doctor cailed
and found her in a high fever and said
she had the grip.
"While the doctor was in the house she
plied him continuously with questions re
garding poisons. 1 told the doctor not
to answer her, as she would be taking
poison. The doctor did tell her that i
strychnine was too harsh: arsenic was
quieter in effect, but that the morphine
route was better than either. . Mrs. Bot
kin referred again to arsenic, and had the
doctor tell her the symptoms of arsenic i
poisoning and all particulars about the I
lethal poison. The doctor recommended !
her to remain quiet several days, but she
decided to go the next day.
"She told me that something indicated
to her that her association with Dunning
would be stronger than it hnd been. She
did not think he would get a divorce, on
account of his child. At this time she
told me I might be summoned as a wit
ness, but that I would get my fee. I told
her I knew the law allowed a fee In a
civil case. She said, 'How about a crimi
nal case?" This all happened before the
Dover tragedy.
Dramatic Warn
ing of Judge
Cook.
"She next came to my house on Au
gust 18, and was accompanied by Miss
Livernash. The story of the murders
had then been published. I looked at her
ami said: 'For God's suke, who sent you
here? Have you read the stories printed
in the papers?'
"She said, 'Do you believe it? Why
should you?'
"Miss Livernash went out and Mrs. Bot
kin laid down on a couch. I asked her if
she remembered the conversation she, had
had with the doctor. She said, 'You put
all those thoughts in my head.' She then
went into hysterics and fell over on the
floor. I went for the doctor, who came
and attended her."
"The first time I heard of the anony
mous letters in this case she mentioned
them. She said there were three, and
that they referred to acts at 927 Geary
Btreet. I asked whom she thought did
the writing, and she said she could not
tell, unless it was 'that singed cat Mrs.
Forcade.' She -said. 'If ever you saw a
scrawl in all your life they are the worst.'
She said Mr. Dunning sent them to her
and she had returned them. 1 told her
Bhe was a fool for doing so. She denied
a lot of things attributed to her in the
paper, but finally said she had made the
statements, but not for publication. She
talked a great deal about Dunning, but I
can't remember all.
"In May at the Victoria Hotel she asked
me what I used for bleaching hats. I
recommended sulphur. She asked if 1
had used arsenic. She had been told it
was good for bleaching purposes."
Mr. Knight took the witness for cross
examination and had proceeded but a
short distance when some of the specta
tors laughed at a tart answer he received
to one of his questions. Although the
regular hour for adjournment had not ar
rived. Judge Cook declared the noon re
cess and instructed the Sheriff not to ad
mit more spectators at the afternoon ses
sion than could find seats.
Upon the opening of court for the after
noon session Attorney Hosmer. for the
prosecution, addressed Judge Cook. He
said that during the examination of Mrs.
Ruoff he had objected to a question ad
dressed to her by Mr. Knight. He thought
that he might be misunderstood and de
sired to withdraw it. The question was,
"How long were you in Stockton Insane
Asylum?" Mr. Knight did not avail him
self of the opportunity of asking the ques
tion again . but it was afterward brought
out by Mr. Hosmer that Mrs. Ruoff had
been employed in the asylum for three
years as an attendant. Mr. Knight con
veyed the impression that she had been
committed there.
She was then asked as to the whisky
sne drank at Mrs. Botkin's house oh
Geary street, and said that Mrs. Botkin
handed it to her and insisted upon her
drinking it. against her wishes. She was
asked if she was put to bed that night
flrunk. and said Bhe was not ttjipliap Bhe
■ft.is never h. a condition where she could'
not co to bed without assistance, and
sho was not Intoxicated
Mrs. Botkin first discussed poison with
her in June and asked particularly as to
the deadly effects of poison. The morning
of the publication of f>e story of the
poisoning of Mrs. Dunning. Mrs. Botkin
called on Mrs. Ruoff and the latter ad
mitted that she thought the "Old Harry"
had sent the woman to the house The
witness said that by that time she had
put two and two together and thought in
her heart that Mrs. Botkin was the
guilty woman.
Mr. Knight asked her if, having found
Airs. Botkin. a married woman, enter
taining Mr. Dunning, a married man, she
had formed a favorable opinion of her
The witness said she had not formed a
favorable opinion. She was asked if she
recalled letting Mr. Dunning clandestinely
into her own house In Oakland, and said
she did not at that time. She also said
she found Mrs. Botkin an unwelcome visi
tor. Mr. Knight showed her a letter writ
ten by the witness to Mrs. McClure Mrs
Botkin's sister, In which she spoke of the
latter'? safe arrival at her house and of
being tenderly eared for. She explained
this difference of feeling by saying that
she liked Mrs. McClure and did not want
to hurt her feelings by letting her know
her opinion of Mrs. Botkin.
She acknowledged having examined the
pencil letter "over an hour, or long
enough to satisfy Chief Lees."
"Oh! that's easy, sometimes," said the
accommodating Knight.
Mrs. Botkin appealed to her sympathy
and as a Christian woman she gave it to
her, although many times since then she
has wished that she had never met her.
Regarding the two anonymous letters she
was sure one was written by Mrs. Botkin
the words "Bohemian life," being, she
said, a "dead give away." Asked as
to the meaning of the latter expression
she said it was a slang phrase applied
to something one has heard Defore from
any person.
Mrs. Ruoff dissected the letter, picking
out all the earmarks of Mrs. Botkin's
writing and going into detail as to arm
movement, linger movement and muscu
lar recoil, as though a writing teacher.
She said her expenses were paid here
when she appeared before the Grand Jury
and once when she went to Stockton, but
she had been promised no compensation
for her testimony. Asked as to the rea
son she went to Stockton looking for
letters to aid the prosecution she said she
did so for her own "pleasure." Appar
ently she did not mean she was hounding
Mrs. Botkin for the pleasure it gave her,
but that one expression was all the satis
faction the defenders of Mrs. Botkin
could extract from the unshaken testi
mony of the woman. The jurymen will
hear of it again when the case Is argued.
Captain of Police John Seymour and De
tective Edward Gibson testified that
neither of them had placed the bit of a
seal in the room formerly occupied by
Mrs. Botkin in the Victoria Hotel. At
torney Hosmer then asked for an ad
journment until Monday, as Miss Liver
nash, the next witness he desired, was
out of town. The prosecution had six
more witnesses and would conclude the
presentation of Its case on Monday. The
court adjourned until that time.
PLUNGER GILLETT
AND HIS ATTORNEY
TO LEAVE MEXICO
Being Afraid of an Extradition
Treaty They Will Seek Safety
in South America.
The Skyrocket Cattle Operator Has Plenty of Money and
Is Followed by Detectives, Who Have No
Power to Arrest Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CITY OF MEXICO, Dec. 16.— Grant G. Gillett, the
cattle plunger of Woodbine, and his attorney, C. R. Troxel,
who disappeared with him, left here this morning for Vera
Cruz, where they will take the steamer for South America.
Their ultimate destination is Argentine Republic, where
Gillett says he will go into the cattle business. Gillett and
Troxel have been here three days, being registered at the Ho
tel Coliseo under the names of Willis F. Wilder and George
E. Fisher of Fruita, Colo., but both admitted their identity.
Gillett had intended to remain in Mexico indefinitely,
but President Diaz's action in applying for a renewal of the
extradition treaty, which expires next month, and his propo
sition to make it retroactive, decided Gillett that he would be
safe in South America. He had been counting on being
able to resist extradition until January 13, when he would be
absolutely safe.
Gillett and Troxel have a considerable sum of money
with them, and they have been spending it lavishly, but it is
not thought they have $300,000, which they are credited
with having brought from the United States.
Detectives are still following them, but have no power to
make arrests, and can do absolutely nothing to prevent them
from loaving Vera Cruz.
FIRE IN FRESNO'S
BUSINESS CENTER
Voorman and flllen Blocks De
stroyed and a fireman pa
tally Injured.
FRESNO, Dec. 16. — One of the largest fires since the destruction of the
packing houses occurred to-night. Radin & Kamp's large department stores
on I street, in the heart of the city, were totally destroyed. The fire start
ed in the rear of the store in some unaccountable manner and smoke soon
filled the building. When the alarm was turned in the department drove
all over town in the fog, and when the fire was located by the firemen
it was too late to save the structure. The flames soon broke through the
roof, and for a time the entire block seem doomed.
\ The people in the Hughes lodging house were awakened, and there was
much scurrying in getting out trunks. The fire was finally got under con
trol, so that there was no danger to the Hughes block.
Two buildings, adjoining one another, were destroyed. They were the
Voorman block and the Allen block. They extended a third of the block.
The downstairs portions of both were occupied by Radin & Kamp, who had
one of the largest department stores in the valley.
The loss of the stock was total, and it is conservatively estimated at
$125,000. Max Radin said that at this time of the year he carried a stock
valued at between $130,000 and $140,000. He refused to say how much in
surance he carried, but it is understood that the stock was fartrly well in
sured.
The loss to the building will be almost total. The walls are still stand
ing, but they probably will have to be torn down. The entire loss is placed
at about $150,000.
Fireman Cochran fell from the Voorman building and received injuries
which will prove fatal.
TERRIBLE TORTURE
OF THE CARLISTS
Savage Cruelties by the SpaQiards
at Bilbao to Extract
InformatioQ.
MADRID, Dec. 16.— Count Casa Sola, brother of the
Marquis Ceralbo, in an interview has confirmed the re
ports of the savage cruelties, similar to those inflicted
upon the anarchists confined in the fortress of Montjuich
at Barcelona, having been applied to the Carlists arrested
at Bilbeo in order to extract information from them re
garding the armament and designs of the Carlists. It is
apprehended that these tortures will lead to terrible re
prisals should the Carlists take the field.
TWO LEAGUE BASEBALL
TEAMS AMALGAMATED
Brooklyn r^id Baltimore Manage
ments tool Issues for the
Coming Season.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— That some
thing of a startling nature was to be
sprung during tho meeting of the Na
tional Baseball League was an open
secret and to-day when the announce
ment was made that the Brooklyn and
Baltimore clubs had amalgamated no
one was surprised.
Xs a. business venture the deal is re
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
garded as a promising one financially
for both clubs. Both have been losing
money of late. Close figures estimate
that the new blood which is to be in
fused into the "Bridegrooms" will make
the Brooklyn ball grounds a much
greater attraction than heretofore for
the rooters, and that a handsome bal
ance will be placed to the credit of~the
Brooklyn Club at the end of next sea
son. By the terms of the amalgamation
the respective clubs shall pool all gains
and losses. Those who figure a profit
on Brooklyn say that this will more
than, counterbalance the Baltimore
losses.2
COULD HOLD
OUT AGAINST
THE EARTH
Dewey Ready for Any
Trouble.
CONFIDENCE IN HIS FLEET
FEARS NO FORCE THAT MIGHT
ATTACK HIM.
Rear Admiral in Favor of Liberal
Measures in the Direction of
Autonomy for the
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. Dec. 16.— Rear Admiral
Dewey , when ;i correspondent called
upon him to-day, courteously, pleas
antly but absolutely declined to dis
cuss xh" i"iliticaJ situation in the
Philippine Islands, on the ground that
his sphere was purely naval. Regard
ing the possibility of international coni
pltcations, however, the admiral said:
"Prior to the arrival of the monitors
1 feit uneasy, but now I am ready to
hold this position against the whoie
earth."
The admiral seldom goes ashore.. and
he insisted that his interviewer was in
a better position to acquire informa
tion than himself. He then proceeded
to cross-examine the correspondent
about everything on land. He was glad
to learn that the insurgents were re
leasing the" sick Spanish soldiers they
held prisoners, notwithstanding Aguin
aldo's grandiloquent refusal to do so.
This proves . 'at the insurgents are
very conciliatory, in spite of their de
fiant talk. :^V:i ...  .
Admiral Dewey always believed that
the Insurgents <r«re friendly, and s
pecially since the warships of our fleet
have visited the Afferent ports ' those
islands, and since some of our officers
have made tours inland, carefully in
vestigating popular sentiment and judi
-iy preaching the gospel of peaceful
settlement everywhere with highly sat*
isia< tory results. A few Influential Fili
pinoß, in an ambitious attempt at self
advancement, are clamoring for inde
pendence, though unable, to realize its
true meaning. They are utterly igno
rant ut the difference between the name
and the reality.
'lhe agitatois here invariably admit
that they wuuid be unable to stand
without American protection. But in
spite u£ this, they continue their mean
ingless outcry for Independence and
may possibly create trouble. The ad
miral, however, believes this to be im
probable at the present juncture,
though every trifling incident counts.
However, every day that passes with
out a conflict means so much gain, be
cause the friendly leeling is steadily in
creasing, the incipient roughness is dis
appearing and the agitators are weak
ening.
The newspapers of Manila are doing
particularly valuable work in the simul
taneous publication of conciliatory ar
ticles printed in Spanish and in English.
This course is looked upon as being cer
tain to eliminate the friction which has
existed here.
The admiral is greatly interested in
the movement among the American
■volunteers to obtain their discharges
here and engage in pioneering enter
prises. He believes there is practically
an unlimited field for planters, farmers
and miners here. To thy suggestion
that if the natives prove to be obstrep
erous perhaps they might be handed
over to the Germans or other ungentle
iand-grabbers, the admiral said he be
lieved the Germans now had entirely
abandoned their designs on the Philip
pine Islands, though, formerly, he said,
the German attitude here had caused
him anxiety.
According to recent information re
ceived here the Filipino insurgents are
endeavoring to maintain a brave show
for the purpose of securing the best
terms possible from the Americans. It
is the opinion of our admiral that it
would be advisable for the United
States to pay insurgent troops their
arrears of wages. The whole amount,
would be a comparatively trifling sum
and the payment of the troops would
have a valuable effect and may save
incalculable trouble.
Admiral Dewey was strongly con
vinced that the Filipino insurgents de
serve acknowledgment. He is a be
liever in the practicability of liocral
measures in the direction of local au
tonomy.
PEACE COMMISSION RETURNING
PARIS. Deo. 16.— The entire American
Peace Commission left here for the
United States, via Havro and South
ampton, to-night, and sail for New
York on hoard the American line
Ftoamor St. Louis.
Th<* T'nitpd States Embassador. Gen
eral Horace Porter, and the other offl
Everything
That's pretty in Royal Bavar-
ian China
. Straw and purple asters on
tinted green ground. Newest
shapes ' l "
: Tea, Bread and Butter, j
' Fruit, Dessert and Cake
r Plates. Tea and Choco- j
«; late Pots. Oat Meals, j
. .Spoon Holders;, Cracker ;
.'^ Jars, Salad Sets, Sugars,
Cream, Bread and Milk
Sets, and everything
that's pretty
Reasonable prices
Great America Impqrt'gTea Co,
Hags**' 1 - "*"• is?.**.™,,?-
218 Third -t. 1819 Devlsadero St.
earny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
14« >inti» St. 521 Montgomery
2MO Mission St. . 1 1 90 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. /3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 32 Market St.
7 OAKLAND STORES:
1053WashlngtonM. 131 San Pablo Aye.
•17 Broadway. 618 E Twelfth St.
■ <> .. 1510 Seventh St.
• ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
Writ* for Catalogue. j
AGUINALDO'S POWER
IS RAPIDLY WANING
No Security to Property in Provinces and
Prompt Action by Uncle Sam Is
Needed.
Special Cable to The Cnll nnd the Xew York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898>
I>j .ImiM's Gordon M«-ini>-ii.
MANILA. Dec. 16.— Naval and military authorities say that
Ws shington should decide upon a Philippine policy at once. They
think the so-called Philippine republic will soon lose the support of
the country owing to the excessive taxation now imposed upon the
rich natives. In addition, there is no security to property in the
provinces. In my opinion, the popularity of Aguinaldo is wanine:.
lie tried to float a loan of $20,000,000, but the natives refuse to sub
scribe to it. His constant demands will inevitably cause the downfall
of the republic.
An American officer, whose name T am not at liberty to disclose.
is strongly in favor of a decisive blow being struck and American
rule established. He differs from some of his fe.'o officers with re
gard to the formation of mixed regiments of natives and Americans.
In his opinion the military force here ought to be entirely composed
of United States troops.
cials of the United States Embassy, a
representative of the French Foreign
Office and the members of the Ameri
can colony of this city, bade farewell
to the American Peace Commissioners
at the railway station this evening, as
they started on their homeward jour
ney. A special salon car had been pro
vi. 1. d by the railroad company for the
use of the members of the commission.
The friends of the departing commis
sioners gave three cheers and waved
their hats and handkerchiefs as the
train starred.
AGONCILLO'S LATEST PROTEST.
PARIS, Dec. 16.— 1t is learned that
Agoncillo, the representative of Agr.i
naldo, the Philippine leader, has lodged
a strongly worded protest with the
American Peace Commission, which
thus becomes part of the records. It
begins with saying th: t "The very
noble and gallant General Aguinaldo,
President of the Philippine republic,"
has honored him with the post of "offi
cial representative to the very honor
able President of the United States."
Asroncillo then reviews the case at
length, saying that at the time of "im
ploring the armed co-operation of
Aguinaldo and the other Philippine
chiefs. 'both the commander of the Pe
trel, Captain Wood, in Hongkong, be
fore the declaration of war, and the
American Consuls-General Pratt in
Singapore, Wildman at Hongkong and
Williams at Cavite, acting as the in
ternational agents of the great nation,
in the moment of anxiety, offered to
recognize the independence of the Fili
pino nation."
The protests then recite how Admiral
Dewey "by numerous acts" is alleged
to have "recognized the autonomist
sovereignty of .he Filipinos." and in
picturesque language calls forth the
promises and a fulfillment "of the sol
emn declarations made by the illustri
ous William McKlnley that on going to
war he was not guided by the inten
tion of an extension of territory, but
only by the principles of humanity, by
the" duty of liberating tyrannized peo
ples, and by the desire to proclaim the
unalienable rights with their sover
eignty of countries released from the
yoke of Spain."
REGULARS FOR PHILIPPINES.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— Orders
were to-day issued for the immediate
preparation of the following named
regiments of regular infantry for ser
vice in the Philippines. Twelfth, at
Jefferson barracks; Twenty-second, at
Fort Crook, Nebr.; Third, at Fort Snell
ing, Minn.; Seventeenth, at Columbus
Barracks, Ohio, and Fourth, at Fort
Sheridan, 111. In each case the order
states that the date of embarkation and
point of sailing have not yet been de
cided upon, and depend upon the trans
portation facilities, which may become
available.
"It is impossible," the order reads,
"to state the duration of the time of
service of this character at this time,
but preparations should be made with
a view to at least two or three years'
service before returning to the United
States."
TRIP OF TRANSPORT MOBILE.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.-The War
Department has received the following
satisfactory report of the first trip of
the new transport ship Mobile, which
made her initial voyage from Savannah
to Havana, arriving there early yester
day morning:
HAVANA, Dec. 15, lS9r.-Adjutant-Gen
rral U. S. A., Washington: Mobile
reached Cuba this morning (Thursday) at
9 o'clock. Th* command appreciates the
excellent transportation arrangements. All
in charge deserve credit for the success
ful trip. WILLISTON, Commanding.
TO IMPROVE THE
MARE ISLAND CHANNEL
WASHINGTON", Dec. 16.— Commodore
Endicott, chief of the bureau of yards
and docks, when visited to-day by The
Call correspondent, said: "In my an
nual report, the full text of which will
be published shortly, I recommend the
improvement of the Mare Island chan
nel. This improvement should be com
menced at the earliest possible day. I
cannot learn that the coast survey or
the War Department has this work in
contemplation, or has even recommend
ed its being done. If the improvement
of the channel should be undertaken
by the War Department it would be
at least two years and a half before
operations would begin, legislative au
thority, preliminary surveys and neces
sary appropriations first having to be
secured. I have therefore recommended
! that the improvement be made by the
Navy Department. If Congress shall
agree at the present session to make
the requisite appropriation the work
! could begin next summer. 1 have
I recommended an appropriation of $350,
j 000 for a channel i>oo feet wide ajid 30
j feet deep at low tide. Without this en
larged channel it would be useless to
j construct a dry dock at Mare Island,
j where the law provides it shall be built,
for our largest warships could not ap
] proach the dock, except at the hour of
! the highest tide. The dock should be
! accessible to the largest battleships at
uny stage of tide. But if it is to be
1 very expensive to maintain this depth
■ of channel I think some other point on
San Francisco Bay would be better. If
j the channel can be maintained without I
; great expense it certainly should be
located at the point named by Con
gress, viz.: Mare Island, where many
millions have already been invested in
the navy yard.
•I have also recommended the con
struction of still another dry dock on
the Pacific Coast and that a board of
competent officers be appointed to select
a Bile. I have not suggested a location,
but I think an additional dock should
be chosei) op the Southern California
coast. OUr 'new possessions will neces
sitate keeping a larger naval force in
Pacific wat tb. This, in itself, is an
additional reason, not only for increased
docking facilities on the lower Cali
fornia coast, but also a good reason
why the dock in San Francisco Bay
should be at all times accessible to our
, largest ships of war."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, IS9B.
GAVE SPECIAL
ATTENTION TO
VOLUNTEERS
Shatter's Chief Com
missary Testifies.
AN ABSENCE OF RED TAPE
HOW THE GRAVES OF FALLEN
SOLDIERS WERE MARKED.
Slight Difference of Opinion Between
General Weston and Quarter- -
master General Lud
ington.;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— Brigadier-
General Weston, chief commissary of
the Shafter expedition, testified to-day
before the war investigating commis
sion that there was an absence of red
tape methods in feeding the volunteers
at Sibonpy. He said he never heard a
complaint of the condition of the com
missary supplies at the front. Special
efforts had been made in behalf of the
volunteers, whose officers he recognized
sometimes did not quite understand
how to get what was due the men. Sur
geons were given articles from hos
pitals on memorandum, and they were
paid out of the funds at Washington.
Colonel Roosevelt once came to San
tiago and wanted to be buy tomatoes
and extra supplies for his men, and he
refused to let him pay for them, as
there was no need for it. Witness said
he took $5000 with him when he went
to Florida and still has "a lot of it
left."
"Well, you are the only man then,"
interrupted Captain Howell, "who ever
went to Florida and brought any
money back."
Referring to difficulties caused by
the subsistence department depending
on the quartermaster's department for
transportation he said it was a ridicu
lous idea, and the transportation was a
matter he would not like to speak of
without thinking it over," and he had
"thought a heap about it, too."
So far as the food was concerned Gen
eral Weston characterized the Santiago
campaign as a mere bagatelle, the
hardships being trivial compared to his
own experience in frontier Indian cam
paigns, when he and his men were
forced to use the wagon mules for
food.
The Rev. Dr. Henry C. McCook of
Philadelphia, chaplain of the Second
Pennsylvania, and commissioner of
the National Relief Association, said
that on his return from Cuba he had
called on President McKinley, August
6, and added: "If there was anything
I did know and he did not get it out
of me, I am unaware of it. He has
wonderful powers of cross-examina
tion."
The President at that time commis
sioned him to find and permanently
mark the graves of the soldiers and
he did so. He pictured the desolated
conditions of the graves, but said
the names were nearly all marked
Some wounded men had wandered off
and died and their graves remained un
marked. In Santiago when he landed
July 25, there was a dearth of every
thing needed. The medical department
opposed the work of his relief associa
tion, but changed their views later
Quartermaster General Ludineton
testified as to the operations of his de
partment prior to and during the war
In answer to Governor Beaver Gen
eral Ludington said it might be well
to provide against future emergencies
by keeping on hand equipment for at
least two years in advance. This could
be done with many classes of supplies
without danger of deterioration.
General Ludington did not agr^o with
the suggestion of Commissary General
Egan that the commissary department
ought to furnish conking and eating
utensils, and their transportation as
well as provide for food.
Concerning the shipment of medical
supplies, General Ludington said they
were rushed forward as promptly or
more so, than any other supplies, and
he knew of no inp+ance where there had
been delays of weeks in shipping medi
cines from New York to Camn Alg.-r or
from St. Louis to Camp Thomas. This
had been the testimony of numerous
other witnesses. Dr. Connor cited on«
instance where a 200 bed hospital outfit
had been lost between New York and
Fernandina.
Chief Engineer John W. Wilson, a
member of the commission, then testi
fied in detail as to the preparation for
coast defense, including torpedoes. f ( , r
whtoh he had been allotted from the
national fund something less than
J6.000.000.
McCOY GETS THE DECISION.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 16. -Joe Goddard
and "Kid" McCoy were the features to
night at the Arena in a six-round bout.
Which came to nn end in the fifth round
by the referee disqualifying the "Barrier"
champion and Riving the fight to McCoy
Up to that point the fighting was un
eventful, McCoy doing the better work.
In the fifth round, after a- number of ex
changes, the "Kid" landed a heavy right
on Goddard's Jaw and sent him to the
Uoor. Goddard waa nn his feet In a sec
ond, and the "Kid" again landed on Joe's
Jaw and sent him to gniss onoe more., He
got to his feet again and clinched with
McCoy. They wrestled about the ring
for some time, when the referee Inter
posed and disqualified Ooddard. He s.il<l
Goddard had attempted to throw McCoy
to the floor whilo wrestling.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Titblets. All
drußKictß ri'fuirl the monrj- If It falls to cure.
26c. The genuine has L.. 11. Q. oa each tablet.
ALABAMANS
WELCOME THE
PRESIDENT
A Demonstration at
Montgomery.
PATRIOTISM OF THE PEOPLE
FURTHER EVIDENCE THAT SEC
TIONALISM IS BURIED.
McKinley Addresses One Thousand
Colored Pupils at Professor
Washington's Famous
School.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Dec. 16.— The
President and his party were given a
magnificent welcome in the Confeder
acy's first capital to-day. The Presi
dents train was escorted from Atlanta
to Tuskegee, thence here, by the State
Assembly, Governor Johnston, Chief
Justice McClellan and a party of ladies.
The Assembly's train came in ahead of
the President's. At the Union station
the Presidential party was met by the
Governor, committees from the Assem
bly, the Mayor and City Council and
the Commercial and Industrial Associa
tion.
The whole party was taken in car
riages through the large business and
residence streets to the old Confederate
Capitol. The entire route was ablaze
with the national colors, while tremen
dous crowds lined the streets as far as
the eye could reach. No such gathering
has been seen here since Mr. Cleve
land's visit during his first term. Capi
tol Hill was one mass of humanity
when the lines of carriages, escorted by
the local military companies, reached
it at 3 o'clock. When Governor John
ston escorted President McKinley into
the hall there was a tremendous dem
onstration.
Governor Johnston made a brief '
speech in which he took occasion to say i
that Alabama had nothing to take back !
for what she did in 1861, but that she I
was back in the Union to stay, and that j
she welcomed the President of the re
united country to the historic spot
around the assemblage.
In the course of his reply President
McKinley said:
To be welcomed here in the city of!
Montgomery, the lirsc capital of the Con- |
federate Stales, warmly and enthusiastic- |
ally welcomed as the President of a com- I
mon country, has rilled and thrilled me j
with emotion.
The Governor says he has nothing to |
take back. We have nothing to take back I
for having kept you in the i.'nion; we are
glad you did not go out and you are glad j
you stayed in.
Alabama, like all the States of the
Union, and the South, has been loyal to
the flag and steadfastly devoted to the
American nation and American harmony. :
There never has been in the histon- of the
United States such a demonstration of pa
triotism from one end of this country to
the other as in the year just passing; and
never has American valor been more bril- !
liantly illustrated in the bai.ie line on i
shore and on battle ship at sea than by i
tue soldiers and sailors of the United I
States. Everybody is talking of Hobson, '
and justly bo, but I want to thank Mother
nobson in this presence. Everybody is
talking about General Wheeler, one of the
bravest of the brave, but speak 1 want to
of that sweet little daughter that fol
lowed him to Santiago, and ministered to
the sick at Montauk. 1 have spoken in
many places and at many times of the
heroism of the American army and navy,
but in our. recent conflict the whole peo
ple were patriots. Two hundred thousand
men were called for, and a million rushed
to get a place in the ranks, and millions
more stood ready if need be.
I like the feeling of the American people
that we ought not to have a large stand
ing army; hut it has been demonstrated in
the last few months that we need a stanu
ing army large enough to do all the work
required while we are at peace, and only
rely <>n tho great body of the, people in an
emergency to help us fight our battles.
We love peace. We are not a military
nation, but whenever the time of peril
comes the bulwark of this neople rests in
the patriotism of its citizens, and this na
tion will be safe for all time because sev
enty-five millions of people love if and will
give up their lives to sustain and uphold
it.
As soon as he had finished the Gover
nor-started to escort the President
away for a reception at his own home,
hut the audience ; would not have it.
They called for General Wheeler. Gen
eral Shatter, General Lawton. Secre
taries Alger and Long and Postmaster
General Smith. . t
Secretary Long was especially well
received, as he called attention to the
fact that in addition to Wheeler and
i Hobson there was another , Alabama
man who contributed a vast deal in the
success to the war in his important
work in helping fashion the navy— his
predecessor, Hilary A. Herbert of
Montgomery. ■ • . ■;■■';
After the speech the Presidential
party went to the Governor's office
where a public reception was held for
a half hour.
He next went to meet the colored peo
ple of the city at Old Ship Church,
where 4 great throng received him en
thusiastically. He made a short but
forcible speech there. This ended the
ceremonies here. The party was con
veyed to the train, and at 6:30 o'clock
amid the roar of cannon the President
left for Savannah. The President and
members of his paTty spoke in the
warmest terms of their enthusiastic
reception here.
• TUBKEGEE, Ala.. Dec. 16.— The
Presidential party arrived here at 8
o'clock this morning and was met by
the Mayor and Town Council. The
trip from Atlanta was without incident.
The members of the party entered car
riages and were driven to Boker T.
Washington's school for colored pupils.
On reaching the institution the Pres
ident was ushered into the lecture hall,
his appearance calling forth the heart
iest cheering.' ■ ' ,  •
Governor Johnston Introduced the
President, who said: W, '
, Teachers and pupils of Tuskegee: To
•meet you under such pleasant auspices
and to have the opportunity of a personal
observation of your work is Indeed most
gratifying , The Tuskogpo Normal and
Industrial Institute Is ideal In -conception
and has already a largo and growing rep
utation In the country, and it is not un
known abroad. I congratulate all who
are connected ■ with this undertaking for
the good work which it is doing In the
education of It* students to lend lives of
honor and usefulness, thus • exalting the
race for which It was established. •
What steady and gratifying ; advances
have been made hero during the past
fifteen years ■ personal Inspection of the
material equipment (strikingly £ proves.
Th ■• fundamental plan of tho original un
dertaking has been steadily followed, but
ncy = features have been added; paps In
the course of Instruction have been filled
in; the- patronage and resources have been
largely. Increase's until even the legisla
tive department , of the State of Alabama
recognizes the worth of the, work and of
the i great ■ opportunities r hero afforded.
From one small frame house the Insti
tute has grown until It; Includes 1 the fine
group of / dormitories, .recitation rooms,
lecture halls and workshops - which have
so : surprised and delighted us 1 to-day. <■ A
thousand students, I .: am" told, are here,
cared f or ; by a hundred ' teachers, • together
i forming, with r the preparatory,-: deDart
UNION PACIFIC TO
GET ALTON ROAD
Requisition of the Property Will
Practically (jive the Vanderbilts
an Ocean to Ocean Line.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— The Chic -70 and Alton has been or will be
sold to the Union Pacific. This comes from the highest authority.
The official announcement is not made, and there may be tedious
denials, but the statement that thr road will pass to the interests in
dicated is authoritative. The acquisition of this property Rives the
Union Pacific a splendid Chicago. St. Louis and Kansas City outlet
and gives the Vanderbilts practically an ocean to ocean line. The Chi
cago and Alton road earns at tiresent something like an average of
$2,500,000 annually as the minimum, and has other incomes of say
$233,000. The road, therefore, represents to the purchaser a net earn
ing capacity, after paying fixed charges, of approximately $1,700,000.
Furthermore, the bulk of the company's present funded debt bears
a high rate of interest, none of it less than 6 per cent, and practical
ly all of it matures between now and 1903. There is, therefore, a very
important possible savins: by refunding the bonds at lower interest
rate. At 3V£ per cent the saving would be about <270,000 annually.
Adding this to the earning capacity stated, the purchaser of the
Chicago and Alton can figure apparently on an average annual net
income of $200,000. At a price of $175 for the company's common and
$200 for preferred stock, which were the figures given out to-day, the
money required to buy the Alton road is about $40,000,000. The as
sumed net earning capacity is equivalent to 5 per cent on this pur
chase price.
ment, a symmetrical scholastic unify
which has been well called a model for
the colored schools of the South. Cer
tain it is that a pupil bent on fitting him
self or herself for mechanical work can
here have the widest choice of useful and
domestic occupations.
In common with the Hampton Institute
in Virginia, the Tuskegee. Institute has
been and is to-day of inestimable value
in sowing the seeds of good citizenship.
Institutions of their standing and worthy
patronage form a steadier and more pow
erful agency for the good of all good con
cerned than any yet proposed or suggested.
The practical is here associated with the
academic, which encourages both learn
ing and industry. No country, epoch or
race has a monopoly upon knowledge.
Some have easier and necessarily better
opportunties for self-development. What
we can obtain here free most have to pay
for perhaps by hardships, labor, mental
struggles and difficulties. In this coun
try all can have the opportunity for bet
tering themselves, provided they exercise
intelligence and perseverance and their
motives and conduct are worthy. No
where are such facilities for universal
education found as in the United States.
They are accessible to every boy and girl,
white or black.
To the pupils here assembled I extend
my especial congratulations that the fa
cilities for advancement afforded to them
are so numerous and so inviting. Those
who are here for the time being have the
reputation of the institution in charge, and
should, therefore, be all the more careful
to guard it worthily. Others who have
gone before you have made great sacri
fices to reach the present results. What
you do will affect not only those who
come after you here, but many men and
women whom you may never meet.
The result of your training and work here
will eventually be felt either directly or
indirectly in nearly every part of the
country.
In comparing the past with the present
you should be especially grateful that it
has been your good fortune to come with
in the good influences of such an in
stitution as this ut Tuskegee, and that
you are under the guidance of such a j
strong leadejr. I thank him most cor- j
dially for the pleasure of visiting this in- j
stitution, and I bring to all here asso
ciated my good-will and the best wishes
of your countrymen, wishing you the re
alization of success in whatever under
taking may hereafter engage you.
The train left a few minutes after 1
o'clock for Montgomery.
RICH COUNTRY
TO BE OPENED
BY THIS LINE
Rejoicing From Mon
terey to Fresno.
MONTEREY, Dec. 16.— The begin
ning of work yesterday on the Mon
terey and Fresno Railroad has caused
great interest and enthusiasm all along
the proposed route of the road, carrying
with it as it does the assurance of a
speedy completion of the project, from
which the country through which it
LOWNEY.
YOU ALL KNOW LOWNEY'S CANDY.
He makes the best in the world an d has the largest business in fine can-
dies on the continent. Lowney does not pay for this notice. We pay for
It because we have stocked up with his make of candy for Christmas trade
and want the candy-buyers of the country to know where to get it. Nearly
everybody wants it and we have to supply their wants. Tell your friends
where it can be had and how cheap.
ONE-CENT BARGAINS.
1 paper assorted needles... lc
3 school or slate sponges.: lc
1 10c asbestos fire klndler ••• lc
1 paper adamantine pins... lc
1 package of hairpins.......: lo
1 Jlnko basket, for fancy work.... lc
1 flshllne.... • • lc
S^CENTS.
KjEtN 10.
I pounds mariners' toast..... Be
1 pound army cracker*, very nice...... ..5c
1 Croley's ogß record book, mailed 5c
6 tin tea5p00n5............ • ••■.• 5c
2 dozen large coat buttons 5c
1 dozen shoestrings, girls 5c
6 buttonhooks, assarted 6c
1 harmonica, a good one 6c
1 purse, for boy or girl 5c
1 doxen lead pencils, good 5c
1 autograph album..... 6c
1 game to amuse children 5c
1 box 25 moth ba115........... 5c
10 CENTS.
1 pair ladles' large gray hose. 10, 11 •••••J°c
1 pound mixed candy dr0p5........ .......10c
1 package Knorr's concentrated soup .....10c
»4-pound tins extra baking p0wder........... 10c
1 fruit pie. home made, fresh .......10c
1 ladles' untrimmed hat. --"■V-vJr;
1 good 1-foot pocket rule •• 10c
1 pretty little cream jug....:... .....lite
1 pretty glass vase for mantel..... '-vj? o
1 pair ladies'- seamless blnck hose .......... .10c,
1 tar jam or Jelly, glass ....... ........,.i....10c
1 large school slate and pencil..... JOe
1 tooth or nail brush, good we
1 pair ladles' black g10ve5..... • Wo
STORE OPEN UNTIL 8 P. M. UNTIL CHRISTMAS TIME.
BARGAIN TABLE.
1 pair cotton blnnkets, good, BOc'.
1 pair California (tray wool blankets. $3 00.
1 pair heavy mottled blankets, *9 00.
Fine home-knit Christmas fascinator, $1 flO.
Iron carts for little fellows. BOc.
Premium clocks, Chicago calendar, $4 50.
Men's or boys' leather working gloves, 25c.
Men's $150 hats, from sample lot. $100.
Klondike .goods move well at low prices.
passes will derive so much benefit. The
contract between the railroad company
and the California Construction Com
pany of San Francisco, associated with
C. M. Wooster and A. K. Whitten of
San Jose, under which work was com
menced yesterday, requires the comple
tion, equipment and delivery ready for
operation to the railroad company of
the first two divisions of the road— that
portion between Monterey and Hollis
ter—as well ag an 1800-foot wharf at
Monterey, by the 15th of June, 1899. The
people now feel that the long and un
tiring efforts of the promoters of the
project have at last reached a success
ful culmination.
Colonel A. W. Jones, president of the
railroad company, in speaking of the
enterprise to The Call correspondent
to-day, said that Senator John T. Mor
gan of Alabama was really the first
projector of the Monterey and Fresno
Railroad. During his visit to this
coast in 1891 he was so imbued with
the advantages of opening the country
between deep water at the bay of
Monterey and the San Joaquin Valley
that he journeyed across country from
Monterey to Fresno and made a pub
lic speech in the latter city, setting
forth the advantages which, in his
opinion, were to be derived from a
railroad connection between the two
cities.
In 1892 correspondence was opened
between prominent business men of
Fresno, Hollister and Monterey and a
moneyed institution of the East, as a
result of which Colonel Jones was sent
to California to look into and report
upon the proposition. He, like Senator
Morgan, was thoroughly imbued with
the importance and necessity of the
project, and so reported. As a conse
quence a company was organized in
January, 1893, with the following di
rectory: A. W. Jones, AlaKander Gor
don ar>d William L.. Walter of Fresno,
Dr. Thomas Flint, and William Palmtag
of Hollister, W. J. Hill of Salinas and
H. A. Greene of Monterey.
Owing to the monetary stringency !
from that period up to the present
year nothing has been accomplished,
except to survey and locate the road
from Monterey to Fresno, obtain rights
of way and terminal facilities and a
very valuable water-front concession
from the Trustees of the city of Mon
terey. About eleven miles of the road
out of Monterey has been graded.
At the last meeting of the stock
holders it was determined to extend the
line of the road from Fresno east, in
order to tap the timber and mineral
belt of the Sierra Nevada, making the
entire length of the road about 260
miles. The line as located runs from
Monterey to Salinas, San Juan, Hol
lister, through Little Panoche Pass in
the Coast Range, crossing the San
Joaquin River at Firebaugh, thence
direct to Fresno and Minaret Pass in
the Sierra Nevada.
"The bonds of the company," said
Colonel Jones, "have been underwritten
by a syndicate of New England capi
talists and the road will be built and
equipped by American capital. The en
tire remaining line will be put under
contract by the time the present con
tractors complete it to HoJ'ister, and
we expect it to be finished to Fresno
within the ensuing year."
Read Judpre Maguire to Father Torke,
full text of his open letter in to-dav'a
Star. •
25 CENTS.
40 papers (1000) needles, all sizes 2V.
1 pair infants' fancy shoes, Ito 4 ' ' "?Z
1 ladles' underrest, gray or ecru.. «£
1 pretty 60c china candrestlck.. «I
10 pounds fine laundry starch. .
1 pound fancy mixed candy..,.
1 large package Knorr's concentrated "soup' 23c
1 pair ladles' fine rubbers. 2%. 3, z\i "... jS
5 hanks common Saxony, assorted..!!!"
7 laps (J-fold zephyr, any c010r.. .,.!..'""'
1 Infant's hand-knit wool sack '""'a
1 fascinator, fair quality, hand work!
1 handsome tie, for gent's wear !!!!!!!!250
1 pair men's or boys' working gloves. .!!!!!.2s<j
FOR $1.00.
16 yards stout dark figured percale $1 00
c f k kg" g i r v e ' 1 tennis, wrapper style. 100
2 suits ladies' ribbed underwear...- . i oO
M ynnls ('rinton flannel, unbleached I 0d
20 yards muslin, bleached, best quality 1 00
1 pair misses' school chocs. 12 to 2 . 100
lh yards tennig flannel, dark or 1ight....;.. 1 00
I !? yarda medium quality tennis 100
Zn yards calico, dress styles 1 00
H yards calico, shirting styles 100
ia harmonica*, to sell at 15c 100
J i? -!f s i f mlsaes ' trimmed hat :..... 100
1 $1 ;,0 doll. Jointed kid body. 21 inches 1 00
.Jo handkerchiefs, assorted kinds 100
50 dozen huttons, for family use 100
40 spools sewing cotton, high grade 1 00
?;'i/1 r 'i s stan(lar( l V. S. bunting 100
Oia ladles fine kid lace buskins 100
S pounds mixed nuts— A quality 100
5-n> tin Farwest baking powder 1 00
SMITHS
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"AtSLOANE'S"
This Mahogany-finish Dav-
enport, uphylstered in cor-
duroy. .'."••• $20.00
We show many attractive
pieces of Furniture, and men-
tions '■■'
PARLOR AND MUSIC CABINETS,
DRESSING TABLES,
FANCY CHAIRS,
Etc., Etc,
A recent importation of
I Oriental Rugs — choice pieces.
Extensive variety of Sofa
| Pillows — Silk and Velour
j Table Covers, Lace Curtains,
etc;
I ': OPEN EVENINGS.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery
641, 643, 645, 647 MARKET STREET,
I SAN FRANCISCO. ',
SOMETHING
NEW!
Stewart Enameled Steelware, "Opal
Mottled," is far ( superior to the very
.-. • best Agateware, it is fire and acid
proof, and every piece is warranted
for one year against burning or
chipping. Sold only by
WILL & FINCK CO.,
820 MARKET ST., S. F.
Mail orders promptly filled.
:
IBQQ
BICYCLES.
Cleveland....... gg;°O
Crescent..... ;..J§|;°g
NOW IN STOCK.
FULL LINE OP JUVENILE $20. 00
81CYCLE5........... .....$25.00
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkln St.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
*'.' '■ OF THE- — ," ■
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- OF THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ' ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to itM
Insurance Commissioner of the State of < all-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. s
1 ; ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and f , „„,
bonds owned by company •.•■•• jms»,.w- m
Cash In company's office ;.,.J;JJ
Cash in banks : . — • •• 117,616 31
Interest due and accrued on all . ... „
stocks and loans •••• '•»" «
Premiums in due course of collection <a.ijJ w
* Total assets.;... L......... $343,677 72
•■-.'• . . ; LIABILITIES. ■ •
Losses adjusted and unpaid :• $5.733 54
Losses In process of adjustment or ■ •-:
In suspense - k?m 5
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6.303 94
Gross ? premiums on -fire risks run- »
ning one year or ' less. $306.700 28; ■ .
reinsurance 50 per cent...... . 15Z.575 14
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $j0,.61 12;
reinsurance pro rata.. .......... ■■••••■ *>.553 (i
Due and accrued for salaries, rents. . ■ v B
AU te other' demands" against the com- 8g
paiiy
Total liabilities $251,530 M
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire Mg H
R?ceived m fV ■inierest ' and '**&£* : Jima
all other sources • ■.y > ' < ">" > "
— -^PEXoiT^a-^ 78379
■Vet amount paid for fire losses. (ln-
cl tuslnt u5lng U 515.f02 M. losses of Previous
P»id a ™r | flowed" for' commission or — -
PIP I d k fSr saVaries;' 'few "and "other ■ '_.
charges for officer*, clerks, etc..... 2,6« 00
paid for State, national ?^;i9Cal .
Alf^tfier'-'paymenta' and expend!- . ' :_ j
tares ...; "•* w * is
Total expenditures '...,.. 1203,664 11 '
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year..:;.. $120,263 77
; Risks- and Premiums. .. IFire Risks. I Premiums.
artionntof risks "writ- V* --■ ."-
ten during the year.... $46,867,203 $456.58115
Net amount of -risks ex- ...
pired during the year.. 31,500,088 318,37119
Vet amount in force De- • . — "-
cember 31.. 1897.;........ 36,055,649 356,511 40
~ ~ ; . ELIJAH R. KENNEDY.
■ ■Of • Weed & Kennedy.
- . . - United States ■■ Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this. 23d
Jay of February. 1898.
;F. FISHBECK, Notary. Public.
SYZ 6c CO,,
£ .1"' ■'■■ General Agents, V;' ' ' " .
301 California Street.
l v V SAN FRANCISCO. y ; J. ;
WeeHy Gall SI.BO dbt YearYUMANTSE'S
BANDS WILL
RAID NO MORE
Chinese Rebel Lays
Down His Arms.
OFFICIALS PURCHASF PEACE
GIVE THE OUTLAW GOLD AND
PEACOCK FEATHERS.
Japanese Troops Fight a Battle With
Formosan Insurgents, Slaying
or Capturing Five
Hundred.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 16.— The steamer Kin
phiu Maru brings Oriental papers of
several days later than those ar
riving <>n the Empress of China. These
i the fact that th<> authorities of
Fzechuen province have compromised
vith Yumantse, the notorious rebel
chi»-f, who has disbanded his bandits
upon the payment of a large sum of
money, and returned to peaceful pur
suits. Besides 100,000 taels of silver.
Yumantse received an opaque blue but
ton, an official hat having peacock
feathers and a commission as captain
in the *'hin- -se army. In consideration of
those Yumantse turned over Missionary
Fleury and other hostages to the au
thorities at Lungshui, upon the assem
bling there of Viceroy Wen and other
I I«s, who had fled to Chungking
during the rebellion. The Szechuen au
thorities have agreed to pay Yu
mantse's men half of soldier's waces
monthly, in consideration of which
they must cease disturbing the peace.
The work of rebuilding the telegraph
lines which the rebels had destroyed
has rnminenced.
Clan lights at Amoy between rival
ten have resulted In riots, which
■ i by the authorities only
after united action was taken by the
:i Consuls there. Durio«r the
fights a dozen natives were shot dead
and several Europeans had narrow es-
The row was chiefly between
i rival clans, each <>f which claimed
the ricrht t<> carry passengers in Amoy
harbi >r.
authorities in Formosa have
licaJ measures to suppress the
lon In Central Formosa. The
pa were divided into three
divisions, with the object of moving
\il'"n the rebels from different sides.
The expedition was bo successful that
were killed and about 300
including several ringleaders.
1 reports say that no Japanese
killed and that only two were
wound
A terrible struggle, amounting al
most to a revolution, has been going
oil in Korea between guild peddlers,
■••mini: the conservative masses,
ami the Independence Club, or Union
ists, representing- progressive ideas.
Late in November the the unionists as
sembled by hundreds and came near
overthrowing the Government. They
dispersed only upon the Emperor's
promise to allow the re-establishment
of the Independence Club and drive the
peddlers out of the city. The following
day all the Cabinet Ministers resigned
and the peddlers began counter riots.
On the Japanese Minister's advice f..e
Emperor const ted to form a progres
sive Cabinet, with which the Emperor
should not interfere, leaving Govern
ment wholly in the Ministers' hands.
At the same time the Emperor issued
a proclamation outlining pins of re
form.
The new Cabinet was formed rM was
agreed to. At last accounts the union
ists and peddlers were fighting among
themselves.
Yolo County Needs Rain.
WOODLAND, Dec. It,.—F armers and 1
growers are much disappointed with
tho weather Indications. The clouds have
■ : thfi ;t -;■• '■- for a heavy !
■ as remote n? they were :
a month ago. The late shower raised the!
•■. and In that resp.-ct im- I
I i the prospects for prraln and fruit
crops. Bui the precipitation was not j
to enable farmers to plow and j
I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(%,. To be idle is the hardest of
A AgTytbs* all tasks. Our grandmothers
ft fJ^os2^ understood this and even in
'fcßf&*j their leisure moments
' % f \ // /were never found with-
, $y\. (T \Jt/ .. out some little task in
f^ \M/ * l^ e^ hands, if task
•>x\> [W^ * their hands, if it were
I \~\\)J 7X P only knitting, tat-
gV > &J'A--f^ s \\ ting or crochet-
js^J*"T 4I - I If ing. There was a
ill > >^SL/ m ** T^~ reason for this
sh i — ft^~. I \ that does not ap-
i^\Z. '^^^Si% \i pear upon the
1\ " vy/ I\' surface. Our
rw^NJ^ii^.^ vJJH grandmothers
a2^^^"—^y/V VII \ \ .were healthy wo-
Th "l/ C / Ay' « men, imbued with
Qt /' > /■ a spirit of ambi-
~7i ■■■ // // L ' ! tion and activity
Ch 'I' // -'* /j, A that would not
"8 A ////' 'Mrf\ permit them to
P^^y^=fbc idle.
1 2±J^£± ' C^ NJ If many modern
3 women are much
less active and more given to idleness than
the stately dimies of yore, it is because they
enjoy a smaller measure of good health.
A woman who suffers from weakness and
disease of the distinctly feminine organs,
who is racked with painf and tortured with
headaches and nervousness, cannot be ac-
tive and helpful. Idleness and invalidism
are the natural results of suffering of this
description: The poor invalid woman is
not at fault, save in her ignorance of her
own physical make-up or neglect of her
womanly hr?Uh.
Thousand* of women are neglectful in
this way because they shrink from the em-
barrasMng examinations and local _ treat-
ment insisted upon by the majority of
ob-cure physicians. Dr. R. V. Pierce, for
thirty years chief consulting physician to
the Invalid^' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
at Buffalo, N. V.. has discovered a wonder-
ful medicine that cures all diseases peculiar
to women, in the privacy of the home, with-
out the necessity of these embarrassing
ordeals. This great medicine is known as
Dr. Piercc's Favorite Prescription. It acts
directly on the delicate and important or-
gans that bear the burdens of wifehood
and motherhood. It makes them strong,
healthy and vigorous. It- heals internal
ulceration and inflammation and stops
debilitating drains. It transforms weak,
nervous invalids into healthy worffen.
A book about health, free. Dr. Pierces
Common Sense Medical Adviser. For pa-
per-covered copy send 21 one-cent stamps,
to cover mailtnsr only. Cloth bound 31
•tamps. Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Jflft'^fi^BHfc RUPTURE,
BK~tT^>' Jim USE no moke iron
HWtaMM^HH^ Hoci>». or Steel Springs.
Lj —^JE WT T Hujiture retained with eaa*
a^tSF^Z. an<^ comfort, and thousands radl-
M lOtr- «-»llv < - i:reD by DR. PIERCES
\A//jf % Magnetic Elastic Truss. ZT Call at
of flee or write for New Pamphlet No. X.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., t \j
SO Market St.; opp. Palace Ilotol. iMftTraaatsoo.
CARLOAD OF WINE
SEIZED IN MEXICO
Authorities Confiscate a Shipn)er)t
From tt}e California WiQe
Association.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 16.— The statement of the Two Republics
that a confiscation had been made of California wine consigned to
Frederick Navarro is evidently correct, but it would seem from
statements made by persons who evidently are responsible for the
shipment that H. J. Woollacott is in no way to blame. A thorough
investigation at this end conclusively shows that Mr. Woollacott,
though the order was given to him. was in no way interested in the
shipment. Cosmo Morgan, the Southern California representative pt
the California Wine Association of San Francisco, is the person
through whom Mr. Woollacott gave the order for the carload of wine,
which was sent to the City of Mexico. Mr. Morgan was seen to-day
and made this statement with regard to the order:
"I have only to say that I received the order from Mr. Woolla
cott as the representative of the California Wine Association. I tele
graphed instructions to San Francisco to ship the wine. It was a car
load lot and it was consigned to Mr. Woollacott's agents in the City
of Mexico. The wine was shipped direct from San Francisco and Mr.
Woollacott never saw it. If there was any fault that fault lies with
the California Wine Association in not analyzing the wine prior to
shipment. My Judgment tells me, though, that the wine was right. If
it was not Mr. Woollacott is absolutely without fault."
In addition to this statement Mr. Morgan addressed the following
communication directly to the editor:
To the Editor of The Call: My attention has been called to an article
appearing in a Mexican paper, in which it is stated some wines shipped to
the City of Mexico by H. J. Woollacott of Los Angeles had been seized
by the Governmental authorities on the ground that they were adulter
ated. This statement is false. The wines seized were shipped by the Cali
fornia Wine Association of San Francisco, which association Is solely re
sponsible for the shipment.
COSMO MORGAN, Agent California Wine Association
Winemakers and dealers in this section of the State are very much
aroused over the charge that has been made and resent It.
GRIEVANCES OF THE CIVIL SERVICE REFORMERS.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 16.— The National Civil Service Reform Association,
In conventicm here at its second day's session, devoted almost the en
tire morning to a discussion of the report of the committee on reso
lutions, which charged the present administration with a violation of the
spirit of the civil service rules. The resolutions, as finally adopted, congratu
late the lovers of good government on the failure of the recent attack in
Congress upon the merit system: assert that the con% - ention has heard with
grave concern the report that the President of the United States intends
tc withdraw from civil service rules a large number of positions under the
Government, and express the belief that such action is contrary to the in
terests of the public service; cite instances of alleged departure from the
civil service rules during the past year; charge that the administration has
failed to redeem its promise to "extend the rule wherever possible," and, In
conclusion, say that the rule of the newly acquired dependencies will result
In disaster and disgrace if conducted on the plans of the spoils politician.
The following officers were elected: President, Carl Schurz; vice presi
dents, Charles Francis Adams of Boston, Henry Hitchcock of St. Louis,
Augustus McDoncrugh of New York, H. C. Lea of Philadelphia, Franklin
MacVeagh of Chicago, Bishop H. C. Potter of New York, Bishop H. P.
Ryan of Philadelphia and W. A. Potts of New York.
The convention closed with a banquet at the Hotel Rennert. The speak
ers were Carl Schurz, Congressman J. H. Gillette of Massachusetts. Presi
dent. Proctor of the Civil Service Commission, D. D. Fouke of Buffalo and
Dr. Fabian Franklin of the Baltimore News.
CUSTOMS TARIFF FOR THE ISLAND OF CUBA.
WASHINGTON. Pec. 16.— President McKinley before leaving for the
South last Tuesday signed an executive order establishing a customs
tariff for the island of Cuba, to go into effect January 1 next. This
tariff is based upon the report and recommendations made by Hon. Ro-bert
P. Porter, Special Commissioner of the United States, who was sent to Cuba
some months ago for the special purpose of making an investigation of the
subjects of revenue and customs of the island.
The list of articles which may be imported into Cuba free of duty in
cludes trees and plants in the natural state; trained animals, carriages,
theatrical properties and similar objects imported temporarily for public
entertainment; used furniture of persons going to settle in the island; wear
ing apparel, jewels, portable tools and instruments, etc., for personal use of
travelers entering the island; stone for paving purposes; plows, hoes, hatch
ets, machetes and other agricultural implement* not machinery; quinine and
all alkaloids of salts of cinchona bark; hemp, flax and ramie: spun jute for
the manufacture of sugar hags; bonks, maps. etc.. for use of schools; coal
and coke; mineral, carbonated or seltzer waters, root beer, ginger ale, etc.;
also samples of felt, wall paper and tissues, and of trimming, when in small
pieces and of no commercial value.
HALF THE POPULATION KILLED OR STARVED.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— The terrible state of affairs existing in the
western province of Cuba is shown in this report to the War De
partment from General Davis:
PINAR DEL RIO. Dec. 14. 1898.— Adjutant General. Washington: Arrived hore
last night. Troops comfortably encamped; have all required supplies; have been
received with greatest enthusiasm and rejoicing. Civil Governor left province
when Spanish troops retired. The Alcalde called, tendered his services. A
small Cuban force Is in town as police. Good order prevails everywhere. Shall
raise flag to-morrow In presenece of troops and citizens. Treasury empty, and
only means of replenishing it is a system of taxation almost to verge of confisca
tion. No custom-houses in this province. Country of great fertility and beauty,
but ravaged almost to destruction. Assured by responsible citizens and foreign
ers that one-half the former population has been killed or starved to doath.
Colonel Seyburn, with two battalions, at Guanajay. He is ordered to occupy
Mariel with a detachment. No sickness. DAVIS.
WITCHCRAFT AMONG ALASKA INDIANS.
TACOMA, Dec. 16.— The latest case of witchcraft among Alaska Indiana
Is reported from Ritka, where a young Indian became sick with con
sumption and commenced spitting blood. His relatives sought the ad
vice of an Indian doctor at Klllisnoo, who was SO years old and blind. This
was done, notwithstanding that there was a white physician in attendance.
The witch doctor informed them that the young man had been bewitched
by a boy under the influence of a woman. The whole party returned to
Sitka in their canoes. A meeting was held and twb women were notified
that they were witches and that they, influenced two boys in the village.
The boys were sent for and admitted that they were under the Influence
of the two women, who put thorn in a trance and made them do whatever
they were told. These boys are not bright and one of them is said to be
an idiot. In the meantime the sick Indian has died.
TUNNEL FOR RAPID TRANSIT ON MANHATTAN ISLAND
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— Interest In the subject of a tunnel to give rapid
transit throughout the length of Manhattan Island is revived by the
publication to-day of an interview with Richard Croker, in which It Is
asserted that work on such a tunnel will be begun within a year.
Croker is further quoted as saying that the enterprise will be undertaken by
private capital, "which will meet with every proper encouragement from
the present city government and from Tammany Hall." Croker says that
the city has neither the money nor the credit, under the law, to build the
tunnel, which he estimates will cost $50,000,000.
ISLAND CATHOLICS TO ENJOY AMPLE LIBERTY
LONDON, Dec. 17. — The Rome correspondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
In response to the Vatican's inquiry on the subject, President Mc-
Klnley has sent an assurance that the Catholics in Cuba and the Phil
ippines will enjoy the same ample liberty as the Catholics in
America.
The Washington Government has also promised the Pope that measures
will be taken to prevent provisional governments despoiling convents or
seizing ecclesiastical property. The Pope has sent his warmest thanks to
President McKinley.
OF INTEBEST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— 8y direction
of the Secretary of War. First Lieutenant
Irving W« Brand, assistant surgeon, unl
ted States Army, 1b relieved from duty at
Fort Duchesne, Utah, and will proceed to
San Francisco and report to the com
manding general of the Department of
California for assignment to duty with the
troops going to Manila.
The following officers now at Manila are
relieved from further station as follows:
First lieutenant Henry Page, assistant
surgeon. Is relieved from further station
at Presidio of San Francisco; Captain
Hsrlan E. McVey, assistant surgeon, from
Aleatrau Island; Major kdward R. Mor
ris brigade surgeon, from Fort Spokane;
Major WUUwn C.Croaby, brigade surgeon,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1898.
from Fort Sam Houston: First lieutenant
Jere H. Clayton, assistant surgeon, from
Port Bayard; Lieutenant Colonel Henry
Lippincott, deputy surgeon general, from
Fort Sheridan.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original, Henry Whiting, Cle
ments, $8; Edward Whiting, San Fran
cisco, $S: Jacob W. Richards, Tulare, $6-
James Dacy. Los Angeles, $6; Otis p!
Scott, Pleasant Grove. $6; Louis Mesoitty
Hraldsburg, $6. Increase, Charles S. Gray'
Moreno, $S to $12: Peter R. Yates. Upper
Lake. $6 to $8. Original widows (reissue)—
Britannia R. Hill, San Jose, $12.
Oregon— Original, Joseph Henderson
Portland. $12.
Washington— Original widow, Harriet
Woodworth. Watervllle.
Read Judge Maguire to Father Yorke,
full text of his open letter in to-day's
Star. _ _ •
PLANS FOR
FERRY DEPOT
NEVER SIGNED
Budd's Name Was
Not Attached.
STATE ARCHIVES RANSACKED
NO INDORSED PRINTS ARE TO BE
FOUND.
It Is Claimed That This Really Mat- j
ters Little, Inasmuch as the
Contractors Have All
Been Paid. ,
Sr>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 16.— There has
been a raking over of documents at the I
Capitol in search of something bearing
the Governor's signature in connection j
with the plans for the union ferry de
pot at San Francisco.
It is asserted here that the plans and
specifications of the building have
never been signed by oGvernor Budd j
or the State Board of Examiners, as ;
the general building law of 1876 re- ■
quires. This law also requires that j
the plans and specifications must be |
filed with the State Controller, but |
the discovery was made to-day that j
neither the copy nor the original of
such plans is on file with that official, j
or with the Governor, Secretary of j
State or anybody else. The only thing
that the State Capitol can show in the I
way of depot plans and specifications j
is a set of blue prints without signa- j
tures, which has been treasured in the j
vault where the State archives are pre
served. It is declared here that unless
the regular plans bear the proper signa- j
tures the contracts let upon them for ,
the construction of the depot were in
valid.
The building act of 1876 requires that
plans and specifications for public
Governor, Treasurer and Secretary of
State. This act. was amended in 1891
and again in 1895. The last amendment
enabled the Harbor Commissioners to
segregate bids so that they would not
be compelled to award the entire work
to one contractor.
F. S. Stratton, attorney Of the board,
rendered an opinion to the commis
sion that the act of 1876 did not apply
to the State Board of Harbor Commis
sion* rs. A similar opinion was ren
dered by Tip y L. Ford, who succeeded
Mr. Stratfon as attorney of the com
mission. The question raised was taken
t<i the Superior Court and Judge San
derson decided in effe< t that ihe Harbor
Commissioners were not bound to pro
ceed under the act of ISTtJ. The com
missioners, therefore, contended that
the approval of the plans and specifica
tions by the Governor, Treasurer and
Se< tary of State was not required.
The controversy would excite wider
public interest if the fact was not es
tablished that all the contractors have
btren paid tor the work performed in
the construction of the depot.
ENGLAND IS NOT
READY FOR WAR YET
Significant Remark of Premier Salis-
bury at a Dinner Given in
His Honor.
LONDON, Dec. 16.— The Marquis of
Salisbury, at a banquet given this
evening in bis honor at the Constitu
tional club, devoted his speech in reply
to a toast to his health to home affairs
and to the general principles for the
conduct of his foreign policy, without
direct reference to my particular ques
tion.
"The Government," he said, "should
■ be judged not on individual items, but
j on the Buccesa of a policy as a whole.
I If a Minister Roes to war on a trivial
I matter he may find himself without
j the support of the peopl*. This should
I be considered when people ask why we
nave not pushed to the point of war
j some secondary differences. Before
condemning us for not going to war
they should be sure there are no other
complications in view compelling us to
economize the force at the Govern
ment's disposal.
"This is a matter of businesslike cal
culation. The more the empire ex
tends the more necessary to judge mat
t'-rs from this standpoint. It is dan
geroua to let rhapsody take the place
of calculation. Our strength must be
used unfailingly, but prudently."
Referring to the "difficulty of taking
the people into a Government's confl-
I dence in matters of foreign policy" he
I said:
"I have often felt the want of such
an institution ;;s the United States
Foreign Relations Commitee. It is im
possible here, but it must be a great
j advantage for a Minister to be able
! to meet persons not of bis own political
opinion and to explain to them the rea
sons for bis action."
INTERNATIONAL BANK
BILL IS DEFEATED
Measure to Extend the Customs and
Revenue Laws Over Hawaii
Passed by the House.
WASHINGTON, Dae. 16.— The bill to
incorporate the International American
Bank was buried by an overwhelming
adverse majority of the House to-day.
The debate upon the measure, which
opened yesterday, was concluded to
day at 3 o'clock. Dingley, the floor
leader of the majority, made an argu
ment in its support. The other speak
ers to-day were Hill of Connecticut, in
its support and Bell (Pop.) of Colorado,
Sulzer (D.) of New York, Maxwell
(Pop.) of Nebraska, Maddox (D.) of
Georgia, and Swanson (D.) of Virginia,
in opposition. The vote by which the
bill was defeated stood 103 ayes to 148
noes.
The bill to extend the customs and
revenue laws of the United States over
the Hawaiian Islands was passed with
out opposition. The bill, Dingley ex
plained, carried with it the civil ser
vice laws relating to appointments in
the customs and revenue service in
Hawaii.
The Senate amendments to the army
and navy deficiency bill were non-con
curred in and the bill sent to confer
ence. Cannon, Barney and Sayres were
appointed conferees.
LATE SHIPPING INTKLLIGE>CE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 16.
Ptmr Chas Nelson, Anderson, 80 hours from
Seattle.
Schr Fortuna, Rosich, 50 hours from Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORT.
BOWEXS LAN' KlNG— Arrived Dec 16— Schr
Newark, hence Dec 16.
Sailed Dec 16— Schr Corinthian, for San Fr*n-
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
NEJW YORK— Arrived DecJß— Stmx St Paul,
from Southampton. ,
SEWALL SEEKS
THE HAWAIIAN
GOVERNORSHIP
Opposed by Many of
the Natives.
_____
WANT THE QUEEN RESTORED
PREPARING A PETITION TO
FRANCE TO ASSIST THEM.
Russian Quakers Anxious to Colonize
the Islands and Work
on the Sugar Plan-
tations.
Correspondence of The Call."
HONOLULU, Dec. 9.— Harold M. Se
"•■all, who is President McKinley's rep
resentative at this place, is making a
fight for the position of Governor. His
strength at Washington consists of
Mark Hanna and Senator Frye of
Maine. His strength at Honolulu con-
slsts of the indorsement of the central
committee of the American Union par
ty, an organization which was original
ly formed for the purpose of aiding the
annexation cause. Many prominent
men feel confident that President Dole
will be appointed, or some other man
who has been a resident of this coun
try for years. Sewall's friends are
hopeful. It is claimed that an effort is
being made to secure the indorsement
of a large number of native Hawaiians.
A petition is now being circulated for
that purpose. While Sewall's name is
not mentioned, the document reads to
the effect that the native Hawaiians
desire President McKinley not to ap
point to the office of Governor any per
son connected with the recent revolu
tion on the islands. At the same time
the Hawaiians are about to petition
France to interfere and restore the
monarchy.
President Dole will leave for Wash
ington on the 20th, to be present when
the Hawaiian commission presents its
report to Congress.
W. A. Kinney wilL sail on the 27th for
Washington, to represent the Hawaiian
Planters' Association during the debate
upon territorial matters in Congress.
At a meeting of the Planters' Asso
ciation held yesterday, an interesting
and important labor proposition was
read and discussed. It came from a
society in England, an<l the laborers
offered compose a colony of a religious
sect resembling Quakers, natives of
Russia.
The colony of which 7000 men. women
and children are available for service
in Hawaii, has been practically hunted
to earth by the Russian authorities for
years. An important clause in their re
ligious ireed forbids taking of life for
any reason whatsoever. This unfits
then for duty as soldiers, and the Rus
sian Government has been unable to in
duce any of them to bear arms. Nat
urally, they were, in consequence, sus
pected as opponents of the Government
and have been persecuted.
The society which addresses the local
people was formed in England for the
express purpose of taking the Quakers
away from Russia and giving them a
start in some other country. It is stat
ed that there is now $23,000 on hand to
aid the colony of 7000 souls in reaching:
a desirable haven.
While no action was taken, the propo
sition was thought well of.
Major Charles E. Davis, sureeon of
tho First New York Volunteers, has
been relieved from duty and has been
ordered to join his regiment, now at
San Francisco. His place will be taken
by Major Marshall W. Wood, surgeon
of the United States army.
LEPROSY IS DYING
OUT IN THE ISLANDS
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Dec. 9.— From official
figures It is shown that since January,
1866, the date of the beginning of segre
gation, there have been about 5200 per
sons listed in the books of the Board
of Health as lepers. Out of this num
ber the total of all foreigners is but
142. There are no Japanese on the list,
as their national representative invari
ably has his countrymen sent home to
be treated in Japan instead of allowing
them to go to Molokai.
There have undoubtedly been a few
foreigners not recorded, having been
removed from the country, for the only
Cl joints to the HmHtioiis J^^i|k ®
t% The boy or girl seeking opportunities
xfM to achieve honorable success in life W" i^^^'}^mV I$K
will find much that is suggestive, in- 'C^k^^^SS^^
ife spiring and helpful in the articles by jM^^k&M '" fe IPi
successful men and women written. / J§r ( "
i§ 1 nc tout n.5 ®
1% LornnAnton v^ n
gtol "' " *J^^"*M*Z^jLji ... JAMES BRYC& rCR*
gg| '"THE following five contributions to the ; new volume serve to indicate the "^
|[g 1 character and value of : The Companion from week to week. They are ||f
§§ . but. a handful v out of more than 200 articles and stories by the most dis- Hf
111 tinguished of living writers to appear in the $2 issues of 1899. ,
„..:.;.. . ? . . ' '■" '»'-.•.
£pgx Hints on Reading, Rt. Hon. James Bryce, M. P. Art Students in New York, Q. W. Breck.
v/,\o- . The Boy with a Voice, David Bispham. Editor and Contributors, - James Payn. . :.^^,
VS^> . Opportunities for Young Explorers, Sir Clements Markham. -■>•:•• |^
gk£3 ;1^ ' • • ; - i NEW ■ SUBSCRIBERS who cut out and send this slip with $1.75 at once, will &\S I ■. £||§
H^fTw iSiK) "W«iWwv« subscription until January, 1900. This offer includes the exquisite Companion Calendar, Htho- Kw) \ . ... fsSß>
BiiiQ 2}v/ki CC en ' • graphed in twelve colors, suitable for the prettiest corner in the house. 'With the beautiful Double fKW(fc ' 9^^'
U^B? \ vS) UrrCK €€€ Holiday Numbers this makes one of the most delightful of Christmas or New Year's gifts. ; *k : Kn>
< ™ BAH Vft'ilA 'Illustrated Announcement and Santple Copies sent on request, D OHM IS^F
Six '* S rUK lo!l!l The Youth's Companion, Boston, Mass. . iff £■' 'X':
0 m J..7- „„„— ...mi
obstacle placed to their departure is
the willingness of the transportation
companies to- take them. It is a fact
that not only is leprosy diminishing,
but that it would be extremely difficult
to meet with one person who is afflicted
in a fortnight's search. This is through
the admirable manner in which segre
gation at the settlement on Molokai has
been carried out during the past thirty
three years. The number of sick at the
settlement does not materially de
crease, but the reason for this is the
more thorough enforcement of the law
of segregation and the more complete
removal from outside places of all per
sons afflicted with the disease in the
earliest stages. Formerly a much
larger proportion of those sent to Molo
kai were in the more advanced stage
of the malady and death overtook them
quicker. The mortality rate is rapidly
becoming smaller and up to last month
there had only been ninety-eight
deaths for the year and the shipments
to the settlement for the year num
bered sixty-seven. In 1873 there were
shipped to the settlement 457; in ISBB,
T. 79; in 1839, 308, and 1883, 301. The
largest number of deaths in a year
were 209 in 1879 and 212 in 1888 and 1893.
From November, 1865, to the end of
the present year -he cost of maintain
ing the leper colony has been over $2.
000.000. The appropriations gradually
increased from $15,900 to $141,962 for the
biennial term of 1882-4. to $225,226 in
1888-90. The appropriation for 1896-98
AD VERTISEMEK TS.
Our Wonderful
Genius «£ dt
For offering Extraordinary Clothing Values is ex-
hibited in the following enumerations. They rep-
resent all that is good to wear and to look at, being
at the same time within the means of those who
do not care to pay fancy prices, but want some-
thing good.
Bine Melton Single^ Breasted,
Fly-Front Overcoats,
cut in latest styles, beautifully
lined, warm and com- (ftw PA' ;
fortable, guaranteed \ / Sll
to fit; ail wool «PlifJV.
Bine Chinchilla
Ulsters,
great big, comfortable, double-i
breasted Ulsters. Ulsters thatj
defy the coldest weather. Made in
the best possible man- tffc^y p» A
ncr, and guaranteed jk i
to wear well. All wool V 1 •W\
S. N. Wood & Co.,
718 Market St,, 8. F.
wap $218,328. This year upward of
$100,000 will have been expended.
Collector General of Cußtoms F. B.
McStocker has made return in the Chi
nese habeas corpus test cases that the
petitioners had not complied with the
United States laws and Treasury regu
lations and were, consequently, refused
landing, except in quarantine, until
they can b returned to China. The
case will be argued in the Supreme
Court Monday. The Gaelic brought
sixty-six more Chinese this morning
under similar circumstances who will
await the issue of the test case.
The Pennitigton has sailed for a
cruise to Hilo, to he away about two
week . The men will be allowed liberty
to see the wonderful volcano of Kil
auea.
DIED OF OLD AGE,
Peaceful End of Professor John Stll
well Schanck of Princeton.
PRINPETOX. X. J., Dec. lfi.— Professor
John Stllwell Sohanck (emeritus) died to
day. He was in his eighty-second year,
and death came from old age. Tn 1838 ha
entered the junior class at Princeton,
graduating in IS4O. In 1556 he was ap
pointed professor of chemistry In the
chair of the »ate Dr. Terry." He was
chosen a member of the American Society
for the Advancement of Science in ISSO.
The Lafayette College conferred upon him
the degree of LL.D. in the year 1856. His
chair is now occupied by Professor Corn
wall.
II Good Line of Men's Winter Suits,
that we have selected from our
entire stock as being most ac-
ceptable to men who want a
moderate-priced, all-wool, stylish-
looking Suit. We have them in a
large assortment of new designs,
in Cassimeres, Cheviots and Wor-
steds, many of which will not be
found elsewhere on this Coast.
You can make your choice of
either SINGLE or DOUBLE
Breasted Suits and can . be
sure that you will be fitted per-
" fectly. Every one /f»/\ a a
of these Suits ail \U l|||
wool tP7«VV
84
BIG SMASH UP
ON THE FERRY
BOAT BAY CITY
Walking Beam Caxne
Down With a Crash.
NO PASSENGERS WERE HURT
A WILD STAMPEDE WHEN THE
ACCIDENT HAPPENED.
The Steamer Was Close to Her Slip
at the Time, So She Easily
Docked to Let the Pas
sengers Land.
There was a. scene of wild excitement
on the narrow gauge ferry boat Bay City
at 9:25 a. m. yesterday. As the steamer
'■was approaching the slip on this side the
■walking beam broke in two places and
fell with a crash into the cabin. Splinters
and broken glass flew in all directions, but
by a miracle no one was hurt. The pas
sengers wore badly scared and there were
cries of "Run for your life!" "Where are
the life preservers?" "The boiler has ex
ploded!" "Save me!" "We're sinking!"
etc."; but none of them got worse than a
scare.
The Bay City was close to her landing
fit the time so the tide carried her against
the end of the slip. A few minutes later
the tug Reliance came along ,md pushed
her into the dock and the passengers were
landed. The steamer Newark was at once
put into commission and went out in
charge of the Bay City's crew on the regu
lar time.
The Bay City left the narrow gauge slip
on the Alameda side at 9 a. m. Owing to
the heavy fog Bhe came across th« bay
slowly and it was 9:25 a. m. before she
reached this side. Captain Bradley had
runK tip to '"stop her" and the engii
bud his hand on the lever ready to execute
the order when the crash came.
The walking beam is supported on what
is known as the gallows frame. On one
end of the beam is the piston rod which
drives it. On the other end is the con
necting rod, joining the working end of
the beam to the crank on the paddle
wheel shaft, which drives the boat. Luck
ily the walking beam broke when the
bottom of the connecting rod was swung
inward, and in consequence when th«
crash came the broken portion fell out
ward and into the cabin. Had the hot-"
torn been swung outward at the time,
connecting rod and everything else would
have gone into the engine room and then
what would have happed can only be sur
mised. One thing is certain, there would
have been considerable loss of life.
The connecting rod fell across one of
the iron braces that runs across the up
per deck. This brace was bent almost
double but it prevented the rod from con
tinuing its downward course into the low
er deck.
Carl F. Lebners, United States inspectoi
of steam vessels for Alaska, was on the
Bay City at the time of the accident. ' "IV
that accident had been planned the en
gines couldn't have been in a safer po
sition," said he. yesterday. "When the
walking beam broke the connecting rod
and the broken portion of beam were
thrown outward Instead of into the engine
room. The connecting rod is bent from
striking the iron brace and the smash-up
was general. It was a most remarkable
accident and a very lucky one (if an acci
dent can be called lucky,) for everybody
concerned." . . - . .
Travelers by the ferry steamers will re
member that" at each end of. the ongine
room Inclosure there are small round set
tees. On the one near the connecting rod
end yesterday morning were Joseph L.
"Wlllcutt. secretary of the Southern Pa
cific Railway and Market street cable sys
tem; Henry McPike. the attorney, and C.
D. Bell. Broken triads and pieces of tim
ber fell In sh<iw<-rs around them, while a.
piece of the walking-beam fell right be
tween tlir-m. yet all three escaped unin
jured. Mi i 'ike rushed along the deck
yelling: "The boiler has not exploded. It
is only the walking-beam. There's no
danger. "
Mr. Bell's description of the affair is
short and graphic: "When the crash
came 1 didn't wait to find out what had'
happened, but I ran like h— 1 for the lowir
deck. When I got there I found out what
was the matter."
Joseph L. Willcutt got away from the
dangetous spot leisurely. At a safe dis
tance he surveyed the wreck, brushed the
chips from his overcoat and murmured,
"Pretty close call." He was one of the
last to leave the steamer.
Captain Bradley was as cool as an Ice
berg. He g-ot out of the pilot house, and
addressing the passengers fn a slow and
distinct voice said: "Don't get frightened,
ladies and gentlemen. There is absolutely
no danger. Just have patience and you
will all be landed In a few minutes."
Strange to say. the women were cooler
headed than the mpn. Some of the latter
lost their wits completely, and six young
fellows took a break-neck jump from the
forward part of the vessel to the apron.
Another climbed on to the upper deck of
the Bay City and from thrre got on to
the lender piles alongside which the ff-rry
wai lying and made his escape in that
manner. Others secure.! nf,. preservers
and put them on. while a few stood ready
to help the women and do whatever was
necessary.
The place where the walking-beam first
gave way had been cracked for a lone
time, as the rust stains showed plainly on
the fac«\ The wonder Is that the acci
dent did not happen years ago.
ARRIVAL OF THE GAELIC.
Brought a Number of Notables From
Hongkong, Yokohama and
Honolulu.
The O. and O. Company's steamer
Gaelic arrived from Hongkong via Yoko
hama and Honolulu yesterday with for
ty-seven Europeans, fourteen Chinese and
MEN-YEW CHUNG
AT THE GRAND
service in China in the employ of the
Government. He has traveled extensively and is exceedingly well read. He
ha* adopted the dress of the Americans, and in every way is a representative
and. polished gentleman.
i Europeans and three Chinese in the see
l ond bin. and 108 Chiaese, twenty-six
Japanea i and six Koreans in the steerage.
There w ere also twenty-two in transit
for Central American ports.
. Among .the cabin passengers were Major
; F. C. Uagan. Sixth Artillery, and Cap
! tain C. P. Echols of th« engineer corps.
! They and a couple of soldiers left the
| Scandia at Honolulu and paid their way
lon the Gaelic. Among the Chinese were
Mr. Chung, secretary of the Chinese Le
gation at Washington, and Cboy Ho and
wife Ng Yin Knv. and wife a:ad Lei Chow
- and wife and their families. These Chi
nese are wealthy residents of Chinatown.
The schooner James A. Garfteld will sail
I for Portland td»day. CaptaSn Lewis Is
confident' that he will eat his Christmas
DAMAGE DONE BY A DEFECTIVE WALKING BEAM ON THE
BAY CITY.
dinner in Oregon's capital and has maclo
a wager with Captain Seaman of the '
Czarina to that effect. Whichever Cap- j
tain loses pays for the other's dinner, in- I
eluding wine. One of them will eat his j
meal on that occasion with poor relish.
The Italian man-of-war Rtna sailed for
home yesterday. Shu will go via the
Straits of Magellan.
The Britjsh Darts Knight Commander is
in hard luck again. She was on her way
from Vancouver. '•'■ >'■• *" ! ' Belfast, and
has been compelled to put Into the Falk
land Islands 60 procure provisions.
Morris Shorrs. a cattle man. whilf riii- I
infr along the water froni yesterday, lost
it of his haversack. He reported
his loss to the harbor police, but the i
chance? are he will never hear from his ,
money again.
"Colonel" Robinson in Prison.
"Colonel" T. P. Robinson, the baseball ;
magnate, was arrested yesterday after
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
GET THE GENUINE.
NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
For Disordered Stomach
For Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY IS UNQUESTIONED.
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
BiISEV'SdIJi.SIIS ..KA-fiot«d)oM necessity.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1898.
ONE of the best known person
ages in the diplomatic service
at Washington, D. C, is Mun-
Yew Chung, the official inter
preter to "Wu Ting-fung, the
Chinese Minister to this country. Chung
arrived in this city yesterday with his
family on the Gaelic and will shortly
leave for the national capital. It was
his intention to remain here a week as
the guest of the Consul of his country,
but on his arrival at the Grand he
found a dispatch from the Minister at
Washington instructing him to report
at once.
Chung went to China last July on a
vacation. He has the reputation in the
diplomatic circles at Washington of
speaking the most perfect English of
any interpreter in the diplomatic ser
vice. He is a gentleman of charming
manners and very highly educated. He
is a great devotee of music, and last
winter, when the grand opera was in
Washington, he was seen in his private
bbx at each performance. He frequent
ly gives theater parties, which are at
tended by the most prominent society
women.
Yung states that his Government has
accredited to Wu Tins-fang the coun
tries of Spain and Peru, as well as that
of the United States, and that the Min
ister will make a visit to Spain In the
spring.
Before entering the diplomatic service
Chung was connected with the railway
noon on a bench warrant issued by Judge
Mogan and is held <>n $2tXK) bonds. He was
arrested s^n>' months ago on a warrant
charging him with obtaining money by
false pretenses cm tho complaint of John
Macdonald of the Pacific Investment and
Loan Company. The case was continued
from time to time, but yesterday it was
set for a hearing. AY hen it was called
Robinson was not present, although he
had been around the courtroom all morn-
Ing, and the Judge issued the bench war
rant and continued the case till Monday.
Whisky and Gas Did It.
Thomas McGreevy, a clerk lately em
ployed in the powder works at Santa Cruz,
arrived in this city a few weeks ago from
Watsonville and took a room at 25 Ninth
street,' where he "was found dead at 5
o'clock yesterday afternoon. An open gas
jet told the story of how he came to his
death. He had been indulging in stron"
drink during the past week and it is bup
posed that in turning off the light in his
room he accidentally turned on the r-is
jet. permitting the deadly fluid to escape
Among his effects were papers showing
that his home was in Ban Rafael and that
he has a brother living in San Leandro
Alameda County. '
•T. j/Tliisot,*tlic famous artist, re
lates lii« experiences in liethlehem
in the Christmas Call, out next .Sun
day, December IS.
Kindergarten Festival.
The Occidental Kindergarten Associa
tion will hold its Christmas festival on
Tuesday evening next at Union Square
Hall.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Friday, Dec. 16, 1898.— Seventeenth day
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track muddy.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
O£J*7 FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
%m..
%m. Str.
Jockeys.
343 Los Medanos 1
34H Tirade 1
349 GVenpaber 1
343 Ocorona l:
ITT. Master Lee 1
349 Fermo 1
1
6
2
5
3
4
1 2 :
- 42"
. 54.
2 h
6
3 h
1 4
2 h
4 2
3 2
6 .
1 3
2 1
4 1
3 hi
6 &
6
1 2
2 3
3 2
4 1
5 6
6
in.'.'.'.'.
1-2
2
8
12
10
8
2-5
5
15
25
3D'
12
II
i
Time, 1:18%. Winner, E. J. Baldwin's br. c. by Imp. Chesterfleld-Janova. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Lob Medanos was all the best. Tirade was almost left and MackJin made up lost ground
the first furlong. Glengaber Is a mystery. Kaneley, who rode Ocorona, should bo sent to
some reformatory institution. He was Intended for a blacksmith.
000 SECOND RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
?*nri.
Str.
352 Rubicon a 115 3
358 Topmast. 5 11l I
316 Cromwell, 6 115 2
... Diahllta, 3 107| 4
3 6
2 2
1 1
4
2 3
8 12
1 Vi
4
1 8
3 25
2 h
4
1 6
2 2
3 30
4
1 2
2 6
3 40
4
Martin
meer
6-5
5-2
100
7-5
7-5
3
500
llman
zlett
Time, 1:43%. Winner, E. Lanlgan's eh. h. by imp. Rayon d'Or-Lillie R. Poor start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Tills race was a masterpiece of art. Rubicon won with kid gloves on and both eyes
closed. Topmast was cut away at the half-mile pole. Spencer was saved. Cromwell ran
a? if his f*et trials tad been agaiiH[t the feed box.
OCQ THIRD RACE— One and a. sixteenth miles; selling ; three-year-olds and upward;
OUOi purse. J4OO. ■ ■ ■■- '
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.;
(356) Major Hooker, 8.... M0
SSO Hchrnlohe, 3 103
337 Durward, 4 109
86? Heau Monde, 3 103!
360 El Venado, 4 11-
[St. Std.
&m. '/4m.
»im. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
356) Major Hooker, 5....M0] 1 22 21 12 12 12 13 H.Martin : 1-2 2-5
SSO Hoherflohe, | IOSJ 8 3h 3«4 2h 2 5 2 4 2.6 Bullman 4 7
337 Durwar.i, 4 IW[ J 41 5 .42 34 34 310 J. Relff 7 X
BM Beau Monde, 3 183 4 IV4 '1 % 33 45 46 48 J. Woods 4 6
860 El Venado, 4.. H2| 3 5 4^56 5 5 W. Narvaez.. 20 80
Time, l:»0>i. Winner, E. ('orrigaji's eh. g. by Joe Hooker-Addle O'Nell. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third drlvlnc
The Major -won like a real soldier. The others not worthy of comment.
O'T'O F olll *™ RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; puree. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
him.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
362 Dr. Bernays. 3
350 Imperious. 3
327 Lady Britannic. 4..
326 Col. Dan, 3
354 Hardly, 3
ioj it. jsernays. a too v « o ■» « in uray i 0 12
•l-.ft 1 ..> , .«4...... 1 09' 9 9 2 11/. 19 19 9 i T -H---J i n -
350 Imperious. 3 92 2 ii I^4 12 12 24 J. Ward 1 3-5
327 Lady Britannic, 4..87J1 3 1 4V4 3>4 3h 3 5 Devln 4 8
tM i",,i. Dan, 3 i's 4 4Vi 8n 2h 2\i 4 4 jj. Woods S 10
354 Hardly, 3 1021 5 lh 2 3 4 1 5 s___ [W. H. Martin 2 7j
Time, 1:30. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's eh. g. by Sir Dlxon-Wetsbaden. Good start.
Won first three driving.
The Doctor wore goggles and could see through a brick wall. When Ward pulled the bat
Imperious swerved, and this beat him. Lady Britannic did not have her usual consign-
ment of speed. Hardly was urged the first part and grew tired early. Her race shouldn't
confuse the wise ones.
Is
2
1
1
4
IS
6
2 3
3 1
iff
lh
c
i %
4 hi
8 n
23
6
1 2
3 '4
2 h
4 1
4 3
1 2
3 h
2 M
5
1 n
2 4
3 5
4 4
5
6
1
4
S
2
]
3-
]
7-
O*T| FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Ist.
%m.
'/im.
%m.
Ptr.
JocKeys.
f"17) Mtilllght 4 KM 1
(323) Novia. 3
ilenclenne, 3 ....100 2
(■"■jS) Miss Rowena. 3 114| 4
"17) Mhillpht. 4 MM 1 ... 3h lh lh «1 4 Hullman 3 3
323) Novia. 3 57 13 ... 4 3 2 2h 2 4 DeVifi 7-5 2
36." Valencienne, 3 ....100 3 ... lh 4 4 3 1 Powell 15 30
:."jS) Miss Rowena. ,".....114:4 ... 2 Vfe 2\i 3 2 4 Ptggott , 6-5 6-5
3 h
4
1 h
2 Vfe-
1 h
3 2
4
2 M
1 h
2 h
4
3 2
•1 4
2 4
3 1
4
Hullman
Devlfi
(Powell
Plggott
•Disquallflpd fnr -..tiling and placed last. • . .• .
Time, 1:16%. Winner. M. F. Tarpey's b. f. by Imp. Isllngton-Hileent. Fair start. Won
cleverly. Second and third driving.
ft was a rough riding proposition throughout. Plggott's head won't fit In a smokestack
and fSullman's is enlarging. Mldlight won and was rightfully, disqualified. Miss Rowena
did not like the footing. Powell fancied Valenclenne at the price. Winner was twice inter-
fered with.
O""rQ SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
! Petting,
index. Horse. Ape. Weftrht. (St. '4m. Urn. «im. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
... Dick Behan, a 117* 4 ... 3 2 315 3IS 11 Snider i~7^s 4
347 l'rlne- Tyrant. 3. ..107 3 ... 2 2 2 2 2h 2 2 Gray 17-10 7-10
Schnltz, 6 U2 1 ••• 14 Ihi 12 320 H.Martin 3 5-2
. st Apollo, a 112 .', ... 5 4 4 4 4 4 8 W. Narvaez.. 30 mo
337 Unlvemlty. a 109 2 4 10 5 5 5 Jonea 5 g
Time. 1:17^. Winner. F. n. Bean's br. h. by Powhattan-Alralre. Fair start. Won eas-
ily. .Second nnd third driving.
Prhnitz beat the gate. Dick Behan was best. Trince Tyrant was ridden to best ad-
vantage.
index. Horse. Age. Weftht.
'.<m.
V;m.
«im.
Str.
NOVIA GOT
THE DECISION
ON A FOUL
Midlight Won, but
Was Disqualified.
JOCKEY BULLMAN SUSPENDED
RUBICON CANTERED IN AN EASY
WINNER,
Dr. Bernays Proved a Surprise — Los
Medanos Struck Easy Game.
Three First Choices
in Front.
The handicap at Inglcside yesterday in
which Miss Rowena, Novia, Valcno|f>nne
and Midlight were starters, developed in
to one of the nolsest sessions of the whole
meeting at the local track. Of course,
popular feeling: nnd the public's dollars
were all with Miss Rowena and her 114
pounds, the mare going to the post a 6 to
5 favorite. Of the other three. Novia
caught the general fancy and was heavily
supported with her light impost of S7
pounds. Valencionne,' a "lobster" the day
previous, was also well played. From the
very outset the race was a graphic dis
play of rough riding. The favorite was
away none too well, and Piggott hustled
her hard to get to the front. Bullman,
on Midlight. sought, the rail, and in his
effort to get there, caused Devln. astride
Novia, to pull Up. At the far turn Powell,
with the leg up on Valencienne, was lift
ed high in the air. Turning into the
stretch, Piggott tried to carry- Midlight
on the outside into the phubbery on a
neighboring hillside, and Bullman, on the
latter mare, objected. In the shuffle
Novia got another bumping. Finally
straightened away, Midlight got through
and beat Novia nearly three lengths. Af
ter a consultation, in which all but Presi
dent Crocker bad a word, the judges dis
qualified Midlight and suspended Bullman
for thirty days. Plggotfs rough tactics
were entirely overlooked, though equally
palpable.
The track was a sea of sticky mud, but
the talent had perused the "dope" book
with unusal care, and were in good form.
Three favorites were thrown down, but
the books laid aside little coin
Los Medanos had nothing to beat and
made a gallop of the opening event for
2-year-olds, at six furlongs. Tirade, the
new-comer in the business, got the place
from Glengaber.
The play on Rubicon to win the mile
run that followed began at supper time
the night before, when the overnight
books laid 5 to 2 against the big horse.
He went to the post a 7 to 5 favorite, and
won by himself. Topmast took the place
from Cromwell. The judges stood for the
race and all winning tickets were cashed.
The mile and a sixteenth selling run
was awarded to Major Hooker, the Corrl
gan entry. He had nothing to boat, ac
cording to the conditions, and won at
leisure. Hohenlohe downed the other
canines for the place.
Barney Schreiber's Imperious looked
far and "away the best for the seven fur
long run that followed, and was exten
sivtly backed at odds of 4 to 5. In a drive
the last sixteenth, he was beaten a short
head by Dr. Bernays, a 12 to 1 chance, ex
cellently ridden by Charley Gray. Lady
Britannic was third.
Prince Tyrant was sent to the post a
4 to 5 chance for the final six furlong spin,
but was beaten out by Dick Behan, at
one time as good as 6 to 1 in the betting.
To-Day's Ent-ies.
First Race— Six furlong-?: tw«-year-olds.
(343)Ailyar 113 333 Olinthus 105
343 Casdale 105 341 Horton 10R
333 Anchored 10S 343 Racivan 95
Second Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
363 New Moon 104 S6fl Tom CalveVt 101
362 Prince Blazes... 101 ...E'.idad I>4
339 Guilder 95 ... MifitleUm 101
i •fTrttriVmninTl
Third Race— One and an eighth miles; hurdle;
handicap.
3f.4 Rortdinßton 14S 253 P F 133
SiC Oranper 139 ... Major S.. . IS'
257 William OB 137 SfiS DlaWita .130
$51 Perrter 137 i m University ...... 127
2-1') Rossmere 137; 350 Ockturuck 125
235 Tortunl 137,
Fourth Race— One ami a quarter miles; handi
cap: three- year-olds; the Hobart Stakes.
310 San Venado Ifts; ... Elidad . 97
(34fi»I^a Grtleta lit (3W)Mnrelllto 117
(334)Napamax 11.1 365 Morlnel 109
.. . Sardonyx :<7
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; handi
cap; three-year-olds and upward.
341 Ton Quixote 112 ' 410 Mistral 11l
24C Ostler Joe 111! 38, r > Morinel 107
Sixth Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds.
849 Karl Winston... lo3 349 Britomßrtlg 100
355 Good Hope 105 349 Wotossa 100
■■■ Jinks 105 69 Ann Page 105
355 Rey Hooker 108
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Ailyar, Horton, Casdale.
Second Race— EHdiul, Frince Blazes, Guilder.
Third Race— William OH, University, P F.
Fourth Race— Baldwin Stable, Sardonyx.
Fifth Knee— Don Quixote. Ostler Joe, Mistral.
Sixth Race— Jinks. Rpy Hooker, Good Hope.
THE AMATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP
It Will Be Decided at the Game Be
tween the Altos and the
Golden Gates.
The amateur championship of Califor
nia will be decided at Recreation Park
when the Altos meet the Golden Gates.
"Patrick Henry" Whalen will be in
the box for the Altos, with "Pop"
Bodie at the receiving end. The Golden
Gates will be well represented in their
battery by Bulger and Walters.
Read Judge Maguire to Father Torke,
full text of his open letter in to-day"s
Star. '•
St. Alban's Anniversary.
The fortieth anniversary of St. Alban's
Episcopal Mission will be celebrated next
Friday evening by a Christmas festival
and entertainment In Golden Gate Hall.
A first-class programme has been ar
ranged for the adults, and there will be a
generous Santa Clans for the children.
♦ HUDYAN $ * WnBl
I CURES. | ■ jl. You?
***********? nllo lull i
************ «...
*. Consult Hod- * If Sid I
* son tors * «■■ i*
LsuJJft You?
***•***•♦*** Hi 10 lull i
ARE YOU TROUBLED WITH PAINS IN
the small of; the back? Are you . troubled
with pains on each side of backbone to lower
points of shoulder blade? Are you troubled with
pains in head? Left side or right side? Do
you have shooting: pains?
Have you dizziness In the head? Dark flecks
appearing before your graze? Palpitation of
heart? If you stoop over what do you notice?
Have you a curious weak feeling;? Have you
Canes on the stomach? Don the head swim?
Can you rest well at night? Do you wish to
be cured? - ; v^;. ; ;;: r -
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED ?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED ? -
' DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED?
DO YOU WISH TO BE CURED?
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
If you wish to be cured you should- learn
•.bout the great Hudyan. Hudyan Is a remedy
treatment for men. . Hudyan cures diseases and
disabilities of < men. Hudyan cures Nervous
Weakness, Nervous Debility, .Nervous Exhaus-
tion. Circulars FreeT
Circulars Free!
' No one has Hudyan but the Hudson doctor*.
BLOOD~POISON. "-'
BLOOD POISON.
If In the first, secondary or ' tertiary state,
you should use t*e 30-DAY CURE. *-
Write for • 80-day Cure Circulars or
CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute.
1 JiMQiMtGiL Mattel &M Ellis sti I
ROSSER HAS
ESCAPED THE
PENITENTIARY
The Jury Acquits Him
of Murder.
MORALLY IRRESPONSIBLE
SUCH WAS THE OPINION OF
THOSE WHO FREED HIM.
Tears Flow From the Eyes of Father
and Counsel When the Verdict
Is Announced — He Will
Soon Start Home.
Walter RoMeT, the youthful soldier who
shot and killed Henry Hildebrand, has
been acquitted. The jury that for many
days listened to the evidence accumulated
for and against the prisoner has set him
free, and within the next few days, with
his aged father, he will start on his jour
ney to the State of his birth.
Wednesday afternoon and all day
Thursday counsel for the prosecution and
defense argued the case. When it was
called yesterday morning It was not he
fore Judge Wallace but before Judge
Dunne, who presided in the absence of
Judge Wallace, who is confined to his
home with fever. Judge Dunne read the
instructions to the jury previously pre
pared by Judg-e Wallace. The instruc
tions were the same as those given at the
first trial, going into details regarding the
responsibility for a crime committed when
under the influence of liquor voluntarily
taken, and crime committed through the
effects of a drug secretly adminstered in
liquor which the perpetrator of the crime
haii a legal right to drink.
The jury retired to deliberate shortly bo
fore noon. At noon it was taken to lunch
and about 1 o'clock returned to the jury
room. It is understood that on the first
ballot three voted for conviction of mur
ADVERTISEMENTS. " .:
"absolute securityT
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /£JLw^^
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar. . ■ ■
SFF I k DTTD'O IFORI F0R headache. epp
* ™ CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS.
rrviivc SPITTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. ccmitivp
GENUINE V! vfd for torpid liver. GENUINE
if PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER liiuJi ' for sallow skim. WRiPPFR
ffilArrEll I FOR THE COMPLEXION ni(ArrLK
Price I oenuwk >ua.TMAvisjDWATuwc. ; ;
-t; 25 cents I Purely Vegetabley^a^^^^S ■:.
. j *""* . •* / " tc * . ....  i
PRINTED O3ST RED PAPER."
People Will Talk
They will talk about YOU, and you can't pre-
vent them, if you look pale and sickly and com-
plain of sleeplessness, loss of memory and weak-
ness. Their remarks will not be always good-
natured, either. The world is very cruel. Why
not stop its tongue by taking a treatment of
THE FAMOUS
PERFEGTO TABLETS
—the handy pocket Tablets that you can carry
with you everywhere. PKHFIOCTO TAB-
LETS nourish the nerves; they repair shattered
health; they revive memory; they insure sound
sleep; they give relief to the waste and drain
of vital powers, incurred by excesses or Indis-
cretions of early years; they restore ambition;
they Impart vigor and potency to every funo-
tton and brace up the system in men and women,
young and old; they give bloom to the cheeks
and lustre to the eyes; they make you healthy
,71*£. and happy. They
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 5O Cents 6 Boxes at 93.50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Money llefandedt
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECIO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland."
I C Dfilinl'Q FOR EITHER REX.
LC PltUat d This remedy being in.
"J ««»««»«* directly to the
c'^ mmmmm '£^X sca * of those diseases
ft i Kg »» of the to- Urinary
M 3 Organs, requires no
fiVB mj& change of diet. Care
— «2E5— vtiir'i gaarantepd in 1 to 3
■'■■■ days. small plain pack-
tP 3 TfT T?l "W& °' s:< '' hy mall » si-00.
GEO. DAHLBEXDER & CO Sole Agents,
tl* Kearny st.. San Francisco, Cal.
A young lady of my acquaintance in St. Louis was
tor a long time a chronic sufferer from dyspepsia. She
used to make use of a mixture prepared by the druggist
'. . ■ ■ • • '. • : - ■ ■ ■ . . . * t> * >
'where the family traded, but one time when the supply
was exhausted and she was absent from home and had
not a copy of the prescription with her, she was at a loss
to know what to do and I recommended her to make
trial of Ripans Tabules, She purchased some and was so
greatly benefited by : their use that she has been a regulai
customer aad a walking advertisement for th^ m sYer^siasft
der In the second degree, while nine voted
for acquittal. The jury then argued the
matter for almost three hours; another
ballot was taken and all agreed upon a
verdict of acquittal. Three rings of the
bell announced to defendant, counsel and
court frequenters that a verdict had been
reached and Judge Dunne was summoned.
The jury was liroiiKht into court and in
answer to the question of the clerk stated
that a verdict of "not guilty" had been,
found. ♦
There was no demonstration. The pris
oner sat quiet as a graven image, while
the aged father let his head fall on his
son's shoulder and General Barnes, too,
was overcome with emotion and could not
restrain his tears.-
In a short time the father of the young 1
man recovered and hurried from the
courtroom to telegraph the news to the
anxious ones at homo. Judge Dunne or
dered the jury and prtsone? discharged,
and Ropser. a deputy sherijf on either
Side to protect him from the possible in
sults of the crowd in the corridor, left the
courtroom and joined his father down
town.
CLAMOR FOR THEIR PAY.
Workmen at the Charity Bazaar Will
Sue for Wag-es.
The laborers employed at the Charity
Bazaar at the Mechanics' Pavilion have
come to the conclusion that if they get
any pay for their work they will have to
make a fight for it. The first movement
in this direction was made by placing
their claims against the management in
the hands of Labor Commissioner Fitz
gerald. Thirteen claims in all, amount
ing to about $300, have been presented In
the hope that the State officers will be
able to induce the managers of the
bazaar, by a lawsuit or otherwise, to
pay the men what is due them. Nearly
all of the debts for labor were contracted
by Captain St. Hubert, and although he
has ostensibly turned the management of
the fair over to H. Barling and the latter
has given the business over into the care
of T. P. Robinson and S. Leverloh, still
the claims will be pressed against St.
Hubert.
Held for Assault to Murder.
John Mahoney. who stabbed Charles
Callolds so seriously at the Salvation
Army shelter, New Montgomery Etreet,
November 12. that it was feared he would
die, was yesterday held by Judge Mogan
to answer before the Superior Court on,
a charge of assault to murder in $2000
bonds. Calloids was able to appear in
court and give his testimony.
Prominent Preacher Here.
The Rev. J. Colquohoun Christie and
wife, from Sydney, N. S. W., are regis
tered at the Russ. Mr. Christie recently
resigned the pastorate of the Pitt-street
Presbyterian Church, one of the oldest
and must influential congregations In that
city, on account of ill health. They will
remain here two weeks.
Highly Colored Arguments
Are not necessary to convince the sen-*
sible of the qua 1 y of our work. The
work speaks for itseiJ in resonant
tones.
One trial will convince the skeptical,
and we welcome any comparison. No
paw edges as wrath promoters — our»
machinery prevents this without ln-»
jury to the fabric.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420IT COSTS ONLY SLOP A YEAR BY SUBSCRIPTION.
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE F0R 1899
McCLURE'S MAGAZINE has reached a circulation of 400,000 copies a month because it is the best magazine published anywhere at any
price, and because One Dollar pays for a year's subscription and it can be bought from any bookseller or newsdealer in the United States,
Canada or Mexico for 10 cents a copy. Below will be found a very brief description of a few of the notable features for the coming year.
A Series of Dashing Short Stories by tm,m* ml wu\i .iMm'nu."!.., tM .« * stories of boy intrigue, strategy and daring
RW 1 TP*. 'W JT A Vfc tb«%, WF¥IN¥ f mi f> V PIIIII^SBBmISP IS i'. : ''' i^ ■ they have the real spirit of the youthful, joyous, rough-and-tumble life of a boys' school. Though
I I! \# 4 fail 1/ I ill SM M^ Bilif^^^^' 1 ' ; '-»S "Stalky,^ McTurk and Beetle are resourceful in mischief, they are wholesome, honest, manly boys—
"; 1 f ll rf i Si 19T 1 I l^y I ¥ 1 B/rtBISSBwSIIS the most real » attractive, likeable boys since Tom Brown. The stories will be
Ul/lrll\i/ I\llLlllV> 11^^^^? llil ILLUSTRATED BY L. RAVEN-HILL
Under the General Title Of STALKY & CO." llllil^^^^^W ! an artist pre-eminently fitted by talent, personal experience and sympathy with the subject to do
jiMi|p§r \^^^P^ justice to the incidents and characters of Kipling's stories.
The chief characters in these new and splendid stories of schoolboy life— the latest product ||P^j $Wh ' ~ (■!!( ■ !! The first chapter or episode relates how "Stalky" got his name, and will appear in the
of Kipling's genius— i. c. "Stalky," McTurk and Beetle W. / j * December number. The successive stories that follow from month to month relate other escapades
THE THREE ADVENTURERS OF THE SCHOOL W J % [ V and adventures of the dauntless three, and bear such titles as "An Unsavory " Interlude
are a trio such as has never been presented in fiction. *- ~ 7- — — •* " The Moral Reformers," "The Little Prep," " The Last Term."
Other Short Stories.
Our short stories during the coming year will be
of unusual distinction. They will come from such
writers as:
Rudyard Kipling Cutcliffe Haynfe
William Allen White Morgan Robertson
Hamlin Garland Clinton Ross
Stephen Crane Sarah Orne Jewett
Shan F. Bullock Octave Thanet
Robert Barr Sarah Barnwell Elliott
John A. Hill E. Nesbit
Ellen Glasgow
We shall publish also a number of very striking
etories by new writers. And those short, crisp,
dramatic* episodes from real iife which our readers
have come to know as a special feature of Mc-
THE WAR ON SEA AND ITS LESSONS BY
t CAPTAIN A. T. MAHAN,
The Foremost Naval Authority in the World.
Captain Mahan is not only the foremost naval authority now living, but In [ to studying the various problems as they arose, he took an important part in j movements which he helped to plan by the light of complete knowledge vt
discussing this particular war he has, as a member of the Naval Strategy , shaping campaigns. Thus Captain Mahan brings a double qualification of the whole development of naval warfare.
Board, that first hand command of plans and events that is possible to no i the highest and rarest sort to this particular work, and therefore the ani- His articles are eagerly awaited in Europe and America for their sug-
other writer. cles have an interest beyond any of his previous writings. Day by day he i gestions and indications as to the -jhips, operations and strategy of the future.
Knowing the conditions from day to day and devoting practically months I studied the war in its making, and helped to make it, and now he reviews the I They are without doubt
__ THE GREATEST CONTRIBUTION TO THE HISTORY OF THE WAR.
Great Art Features.
Its illustrations will continue to be one of the magazine's
special point: of distinction. The best artists, no less than the
best writers, will be contributors through the coming year. As
pictures in McClure's are published primarily to illustrate some-
thing, and not simply because they are pictures, the announce-
ments of articles are, in some measure, an announcement also of
the pictures. For instance, the new Kipling serial— th 3 fact in-
cidentally mentioned that these connected stories are all illus-
trated by L. Raven-Hill is scarcely less of a distinction for the
magazine than that the text is by Kipling. We have in prepara-
tion, however, a number of articles in which the interest and dis-
tinction is primarily artistic.
C. D. GIBSON'S EXPERIENCES IN EGYPT.
Last spring Mr. Gibson visited Egypt in the Interest of Mc-
Clure's Magazine. He studied the country not only from the
point of view of the artist, but from the point of view of a keen
American observer who could not fail to remark the present con-
dition of the Egyptians and the influence and effects of the Eng-
lish control in Egypt. The fall of Khartoum, which seals the
destiny of Egypt as an English colony, adds a peculiar timely
Interest to Mr. Gibson's work. The illustrations will be most
elaborate, and the articles will show Mr. Gibson as a writer of
very unusual qualities.
LIFE MASKS OF GREAT AMERICANS.
A New Series of Unpublished Browere Casts From Life.
When we published last year the series of Browere's Life
Masks of Great Americana with Mr. Charles Henry Hart's ro-
mantic story of how the masks were made, then lost, and then
recovered, it was remarked on every side that we had made a
most interesting and valuable contribution to the pictorial his-
tory of the country. A second series of these marvelous masks
is in preparation, giving the living images of Dolly Madison, De
Witt Clinton, Gilbert Stuart, Martin Van Buren, Commodore Da-
vid Porter, Attorney General Rush, Charles Francis Adams and
John Quincy Adams. It will be found quite equal in human and
historical Importance to the earlier series.
$1.00 A YEAR
IVY CHAPTEB INSTALLATION.
A Subordinate of the Eastern Star
That Has Done Good Wofk.
Despite the moisture Tuesday night, the
asylum of Golden Gate Commandery was
-led by those anxious to witness the
■iful ceremony attending the Instal
lation of the new officers of Ivy Chapter
No 27 Order of the Eastern Star.
The retiring patron, Charles L. Patton,
v <= the installing officer, and he was
Existed by Dr. Edna Field as marshal.
The work of the installing officer was
noteworthy for the clear, distinct and Im
pressive manner In which he delivered
the charges to the following named of
ficers: Lydta Steele, worthy matron;
J.imes M Gassaway, worthy patron;
Frances L Ur.nifleld. associate matron;
Eva D. Salsbury, secretary; Carrie An
thony, treasurer; Harriet T. Noah, con
ductress; Charlotte Tisdale. associate
conductress; Harvey O. Babcock. Adah;
Mary A. de Haven, Ruth; Alice Patridge,
Esther; Marion Hill, Martha; Mary E.
Clure's. and which are better than any fiction, will
be frequent. In this general department of short
stories, whether fiction or truth, we may mention
more particularly the following:
TRUE STORIES OF THE EAST AND THE
WEST.
By W. A. Fraser.
Mr. Fraser is a civil engineer, and his profes-
sional work has taken him into many parts of India
and about all parts of Canada. And wherever he
has gone he has had an eager interest in whatever
was rare and picturesque in the locality and in the
lives of the people. Thus he has gathered material
for no end of good stories — stories that in their sub-
stance are always true and often are true to the
very letter a* well. And th<-~? stories he tells, as
cur readers already have proof, with no ordinary art.
MeLane, Electa; Isabella Mehrtens, war
der; Jane Rodeckcr, sentinel; Frank Max
son, chaplain; Jennie A. Graves, marshal.
The music was rendered by the Knick
erbocker quartet.
After the marshal had proclaimed the
officers duly installed there were nd
dresses by Worthy Grand Matron Mrs \V
F. Pierce. Associate Grand Patron George
L. Darling, Grand Secretary Mrs
Kate J. Wtllats, Past Grand Matron Nel
lie Owens and the retiring patron, who at
the close of his remarks presented to Mrs
Susie Dow, the retiring matron, on be
half of the chapter, a most magnificent
gold and diamond jewel.
After the ceremonies there was dancing
till midnight.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush «nd Larkln Ft*. Stvlmmlns. Russian, hot
and cold tub Laths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
:—: — . * . —
Wanted for Forgery.
E. A. T-asalle, secretary of the F. W.
Spencer Piano Company, swore to a com
plaint In Judge Mogan's court yesterday
for the arrest of J. K. Stratton on a
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1898.
Newest Knowledge.
THE MAN-LIFTING WAR KITE.
This is an article by Captain B. Baden-Powell of the British
army, giving an account of his own experiments and experiences,
which finally resulted in the triumph of constructing a kite that
would lift and carry a man and promises to develop into an im-
portant appliance in warfare. The illustrations show the kite
flying and the man in the basket lifted far above the tree tops.
TELEGRAPHING WITHOUT WIRES.
We hope to publish in the coming months some very inter-
esting matter on the subject, especially from Mr. W. H. Preece,
engineer-in-chief of the telegraph department of the English
Postal System, on the latest experiments of the British postal au-
thorities.
THE MARVELS OF THE SEA.
This is an account of the zoological station at Naples, where
all the animal and vegetable growths of the Mediterranean Sea
have been gathered, still living. The article will be fully illus-
trated, and will be one of the most interesting of the kind that
we have ever published.
UNSOLVED PROBLEMS OF ASTRONOMY.
This is the title of a remarkable article by Simon Xewcomb
one of the most eminent of living astronomers. Another article
by Professor Xewcomb, combining: the same popular and readable
qualities with the latest and most authoritative information, is
"How Planets are Weighed."
SEEING A THOUSAND MILES.
Jan Szczepanik, a young Hungarian school teacher, has In-
vented an instrument called the telectroscope which transmits a
whole picture by telegraph, so that it appears to a beholder miles
away complete, and even in the natural colors of the object por-
trayed. The article will be fully illustrated.
A GREAT HISTORICAL SERIAL. gm^
No series of articles in any magazine ever had a greater success than Miss Tarbell's articles on the Early Life of Lincoln, JT *& ft
As soon as these articles were ended subscribers began to write asking when they might expect the series promised by Miss Tarbell on " mL '/JW' 1'
THE LATER LIFE OF LINCOLN ' w£sJlfl
and such inquiries have continued in great numbers ever since. Miss Tarbell was resolved that no important new material should be over- | fi^^&jK'l • lyjlj •
looked, and by her rare industry and talent and her exceptional connections she secured such an abundance that to bring it within the prac- " •* j SsmB^Sl \W
tical limits of magazine publication has been a long labor. The articles begin in McCLURE'S MAGAZINE for December and contain much new W^^S^^Jw '
material of exceptional interest and importance, including The Story of the Writing of the First Inaugural; Unpublished sJ^Ms%&loPm^
Lincoln Letters Recently Discovered; Over Four Hundred Lincoln Telegrams; The Personal Side of Lincoln's "^fil " *'ffi^9t&'
Life During the War; Lincoln's Body Guard at the White House; Lincoln and Grant and the Presidential //// jf^^ J "w
Nomination in 1864; Lincoln With the Army; Lincoln's Daily Life in Washington. *' r'^T v '
THE S. S. McCLURE CO.,
230 East 25th St. - = = o New York City
charge of forgery. Stratton represented
himself as a clerk for E. W. Hawkins,
real estate agent, 11 Montgomery Btreet,
and purchased a piano from the firm. He
gave them a check for $<0 In part pay
ment purporting to be signed by Haw
kins on the Croeker-Woolworth Hank,
but when It was presented for payment
the signature of Hawkins was declared a
forgery.
WILL NOT BE REARRESTED.
James Flood Wanted in Japan on a
Charge of Misappropriating
Bills of Lading.
United States Marshal Shine received a
letter a day or two ago lnclosln- a war
rant for the arrest of James Flood, for
merly of Kobe, Japan, on a charge of
fraudulent misappropriation of bills of lad
ing In Kobe between the 18th of July and
the 3d of October. The warrant was di
rected to the United States Consul at
Kobe, who sent It to Marshal Shine.
Flood was arrested on his arrivaJ here
last October by Marshal Shine on a tele
AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A TELEGRAPH
ATOR.
Chapters of Personal Experience and Adventure
as an Operator and Train-Disra.cher.
Captain Jasper E. Brad^-. now of the army, be-
gan life as a telegraph operator. He served in rail-
road and commercial offices in about all parts of the
country and under about all possible conditions.
The Romantic Side of the Telegraph Operator's
Life.
These chapters are a series of choice stories from
Captain Brady's own experience, illustrating the tel-
egraph operator's life. They are stories of mid-
night visits from sportive cowboys and desperate
train robbers at lonely stations on the frontier; of
Mr. Simon Lake, inventor of the Lake submarine boat, has
prepared an interesting article on his successful cruises on the
bottom of the sea. He has traveled in this way nearly 1200 miles
all told — a distance equal to half way across the Atlantic. Once
while at the bottom of the Chesapeake Bay he telephoned with
Washington, Baltimore and New York. With illustrations.
The "Holland" is a torpedo-boat. She sails on the surface,
goes to the bottom, or makes her way through the water at any
distance between the top and bottom that htr captain chooses.
She is the terror of the man-of-war, and is one of the most re-
markable products of mechanical skill. Mr. Franklin Matthews
describes in an article his own strange experience during a sub-
marine trip on the "Holland."
Lieutenant Peary is now well up toward the north pole, con-
ducting a campaign that gives better promise than any previous
expedition of bringing the explorer to the very pole. Just before
sailing he wrote for the magazine an article describing his equip-
ment and his plans and setting forth his hopes and his purposes
on this expedition, which is to be continued fnr years, if years
prove necessary to the accomplishment of its end of finding the
pole.
This is a most interesting account of the personal character-
istics of the Christian King of Abyssinia — a strong, bold warrior:
a firm, far-sighted ruler; and a man, half savage though he is, of
as many mighty and picturesque qualities as Bismarck was.
gram from Kobe charging him with em
bezzlement, and after having been kept in
jail a few days Flood was released by or
der of the Secretary of State, no requisi
tion papers having been made for him by
the Japanese Government.
Assistant United States Attorney Wood
worth sriui yesterday that Flood would
not be rearrested on the last warrant as
he had not been charged with an extra
ditable offense.
Read Judge Maguire to Father Torke,
full text of his open letter in to-day's
Star. •
A Farce Continued.
John Bulger was yesterday brought
from the County Jail to Judge Low's
court and the Judge held him to answer
before the Superior Court on $2000 bonds
on a charge of assault to murder. Bulger
is the co-defendant with Walter Nagle,
who was discharged Thursday by the
Judge for committing an assault upon
Policeman C. M. Barnes in September
last. Both are under arrest on indictments
by the Grand Jury for the samp offense
but Judge Low seems to ignore the Grand
OPER-
encounters with strange "freaks" of operators along
the line; of train dispatchers suddenly losing their
judgment and fairly fiingin£r trains into collision;
of dispatchers forced, in a strike, to switch cars and
run locomotives; of "cutting in" wrecking lines at
times of disaster.
STORIES OF REAL RAILROAD LIFE.
By John A. Hill.
Mr. John A. Hill, the author of "Midsummer
Night's Trip," "A Peg Legged Romance" and "Jim
Walnwright's Kid," published in recent numbers of
the magazine, will continue his stories of real rail-
road life for several months to come.
HAMLIN GARLAND'S INDIAN STORIES.
Following Custer's Last Fight as Seen by Two
Moons." published a few months ago, there will be
CRUISING ON THE OCEAN'S BOTTOM.
A DIVING TORPEDO BOAT.
Travel and Exploration.
PEARY'S ADVANCE ON THE POLE.
MENELIK AND HIS PEOPLE.
Jury and enacts the farce of disposing of
the cases.
HAD A BELLE
FOR A PARTNER
Three Pretty Figures Are
Danced at the Friday
Fortnightly Meeting.
THE regular meeting of the Friday
Fortnlghtlys was held last evening at
the usual meeting-place of the class,
Lunt's Hall. Last evening's dance was
the most elegant affair that this fashion
able class has as yet given this season.
The hall was crowded with dancers and
there was also a goodly array of chaper
ones present. Redick Duperu led with Miss
Spreekels, and introduced three new and
pretty figures. Mrs. Monroe Salisbury and
Mrs. Gordon Blanding, with the aeslst
other true stories of the Indians, recorded by Mr.
Garland in the Indians' own words. Among them
will be "Sitting Bull's Defiance," a fine story of Sit-
ting Bull's refusal to treat with the commissioner
from the Government, and his insensibility to fine
words and rich gifts; and "Rising Wolf, Ghost
Dancer." Rising Wolf's autobiography, giving
strange Instances of his power of magic and his
story of how he acquired It.
Mr. White, the author of the "Boyvtlle" stories,
those most refreshing and delightful tales of real boy
life, will by a frequent contributor to the magazine
during the coming year. He is now engaged upon
a literary effort of unusual importance, which will
reveal his powers in an entirely new field.
HUNTING ON ELEPHANTS.
An early article will relate the experiences of a famous
hunter of big game, in hunting the tiger and the rhinoceros on
elephants. This is undoubtedly the most daring and thrilling
thing the sportsman undertakes, and the hunter in question has
had many rare adventures. The article will be fully illustrated
from photographs taken during the hunt.
STRANGE PHASES OF REAL LIFE.
The United States Government maintains more than 1100
lighthouses. The history of the building and maintenance of
these abound in stores of heroic human endeavor and endurance-
and this is all exhiTUed in a very interesting way in an article
prepared for the magazine by Ray Stannard Baker, with th«
above title.
LIFE IN THE DEEPEST MINES.
The deepest mines in the world are the tin mines of Corn-
wall. Some of them are 3000 feet deep, and lie in part under the
Atlantic Ocean, one of them a mile out from shore. It Is a
strange life, as well as one of constant danger, that the men who
work these mines lead. R. H. Sherard has written for the mag-
azine an article describing it, and telling many curious stories
regarding its hardships and dangers. The article will be very
fully illustrated.
STORIES OF THE SECRET SERVICE.
No men have had stranger and more thrilling experiences than
those who have served in the Government secret service. At the
head of this service during the war was General Lafayette C
Baker. Serving under him were two cousins, J. Stannard Baker
and Luther B. Baker. A relative of all three. Mr. Ray Stannard
Baker, has talked over their exploits with them and received
from them many important documents, and out of this material
he has prepared several true secret service stories.
10 CENTS A COPY
ance of several prominent ladles, received \
the guests.
BURGLARS BUSY.
Two Residences Entered and No
Trace of the Thieves Discovered.
Burglars visited the residence of Mrs.
Eva Oliver. Jones street, near I'lne,
Wednesday night during her absence from
the city. Entrance was effected by prying
open a panel of the rear door and using
curved wires to unbolt the bars. They
took away a large quantity of silverware
and other articles. The burglary was dis
covered Thursday afternoc*i when M.-s
Oliver murned from Oakland, and she
Immediately notified the police.
The home of \V. G. Chase at 1538 Mason
street was entered by burglars Thursday
night. About 8 p. m. the thief or thieves
entered the house with a pass key and
finding no one at home went to work at
their leisure. Carpets were torn up, beds
pulled to pieces and drawers ransacked
They found nothing of value. Mr. Chase's
little daughter, Dorothy, had $6 in her
NEW "BOYVILLE" STORIES.
By W. A. White.
Sea-Builders.
savings bank. \Vith this sum she was eo
ing to buy her papa a Christmas present
The thieves stole it. Little Fred ch\«e
hau saved up $20. and with It he wa, ™-
ing to buy a bicycle. The thieves took
that sum also. As a memento of their
visit they left a coat with a key in It
and a lighted pamp behind them. "The do
lice have been notified of the ruld.
Buy the Chrlatmn.i Call, oat next
Sunday, If yon wnut ,to read the
bent Chrlntmnft ' Morion pnhltnheil
; this year, all beautifully Illustrated.
The Bond Divorce Suit.
The action recently Instituted by Dr.
Frederick T. Bond for a divorce from hia
wife. Anna A. Bond, is now on trial be
fore Judge Troutt. Owing to the sensa
tional allegations made by the plaintiff
In his complaint, and the defendant in her
answer, the case is being tried behind
closed doors.
The Hardtmuth pencil is the beat in the
world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
56
SATURDAY ; . . . . .DECEMBER- 17, 1898
JOHN D. ' SPRECKELS, Pr^rietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICI: Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1863.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Mnin 1874.
THE GAIN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la j
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weeK- By mall $6 per year: per month
65 cents. .' ' \
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE : 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE,.. Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftftn House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGINESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montopmery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- SBl Hayes street, open until
9:30 clock- 621 McAllister »treet, open until 9:30 j
o'clock 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- !
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market j
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2516
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
i Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
California— "Unolp Boh."
Atcaaar- "Alabama
Ttvotl Th Mascot."
Morocco's— "Temptation of Money*"
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "The South Before the War."
Th» Chutos-Oortllft Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olyrnpta — Corner Mason ■■■■; Eddy ptre^ts, Specialties'.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Charity Baaaar.
IfiaieaMe Race Track— Hare* To-day.
Inglestde Coursing Park— Coursing Saturday and Sunday.
Becreatlon Park— tljali
Glrn Park Mission 800, Sunday.
Hownthnl Coming In IVcpmber. '
AUCTION SALES.
By •'. H. l"nih!>on * Co.— Monday, December 19, at 11
o'trlork. i:.«! i-x «!.■. at 14 Montgomery at, '
JUSTICE CRUELLY MOCKED.
ONCE more has Justice been made a mockery in
California and new disgrace added to a long
list. The courts have again been brought into
h. and twelve jurymen, sodden with tears ol
gympathj do! for the victim of murder, but tor the
murderei — have placed themselves on record as unfit
t< interpret any phase ol law. incapable of fulfilling a
duty.
The acquittal of Rosser, the slayer of Ilildcbrand,
v i merely an outrage it w.-.~ .; i-;;mc. Where
the widow weej I i her dead, and will not be
comforted, that the slayer of her husband has escaped
punishtnent iuum be a now sorrow. It is a procla
that the man whq loved her, who provided for
her, in whom was her hope, ail the promise of her
future; the man on whonn she loaned, whose strong
arm wrought for her. and whose hand was laid upon
her in gentle caress; who took her to his bosom, his
joy in life to have her there, was legitimate prey lor
a prowling, drunken soldier, whose impulse to murder
had been stirred by the vile liquor of the dives.
What man i> safe in walking the streets or in fol
lowing his vocation? Into what household may not
grief be sent by the bullet of an ebriatc? A jury lias
\ noble jury; O. jury benign and lachrymose:
,1 jury which left the courtroom after its wicked and
farcical verdict, going to its several home unblush
:.it murder in California is no wrong, provided
a paid attorney weep and an nped father sit by sobbing
a< the purchased tremulo of the pleader's voice insults
the listening intjtHijrence, insults the statutes, the State
and tin God who forbade the shedding of bfood
Let the names of these jurymen be printed large.
and let them be not forgotten. Because of them so
ciety is in peril, and the scales of Justice weigh
no more. Here nre the twelve enemies of good order,
promoters oi butchery, the make-believe Citizens who
rmivt share the burden of the odium they have sniv
elingly created:
JOSEPH I. TWOHIG.
C. A. BROWN.
MORRIS STOCXWITZ.
C. A. MASTELLER.
J. P. FLEMMINO.
MATTHEW CULLIGA.N.
JOHN O'BRIEN.
VICTOR ANDLER.
J. E. GALLAGHER.
THOMAS BARADY.
JOHN WOODTHROP.
W. E. BALCOM.
It is a privilege and a duty to remember these as
a precious dozen who should forever be barred from
the jury-box. They will carry to their graves the
knowledge that upon them rests a load of guilt.
There is nobody to be congratulated. It in such a
victory over right an attorney find glory, to such as
it is he is welcome. Barnes wept copiously, but
whether for joy or for shame is a matter of doubt. The
feelings of the aped father any and all must respect,
but regard for then* should not have led awry the
sense and decency of men supposed to be sane and
law-abiding.
Genuine sympathy will be with the young widow.
It is as though these twelve men had stood at Hilde
brands tomb with her and there gibed at the bitter
ness which has made for her all the world a place of
tribulation.
California must punish murder. Too long has it
protected the bloody-handed; too little has it been
' concerned for the rights of the victim, and those
stricken by his taking off.- The course of murder
trials has become a stench, a by-word, recognized as
a pretense and a travesty. When shall the shame be
at an end. * „ . ,
General Wood stopped a duel at Santiago. While
it was to have been between editors, it was meant to
hurt. The editors were to have used Colt"s revolvers,
starting from a reasonable distance and approaching
each other, tiring as the space became less. Evi
dently the JOJOU nnd mirth-provoking style of duel
has not been introduced there.
Miss Schaefer. a nt:r>c back from Manila, has hern
talking M much that her remarks as printed seem to
have a paucity of fact atloat in fiction. Perhaps the
pent her time on the voyage home in reading
novels
From the treatment accorded tome of the witnesses
in the Botkin case an observer might draw the con
clusion th.-t to give testimony constituted an offense
punishable by browbeating.
I\ople would like to believe the Maine could be
but until they forget how the photographs of
it looked they can't.
While the Czar regrets, the partition of China, this
i* possibly because he wanted it all in a lump.
NO SENfITORSHIP FOR SALE.
WHILE we do not admit that there is any cause
fur the fear, that is inspired by the method of
Mr. Grant's Senatorial candidacy, we concede
tli.it it justifies all the disgust which it causes. That
candidacy confessedly originated in the East It was
decided upon in a council of politicians who have the
reputation of growing no poorer in the public ser
vice, and whose health docs not require the use of
office as a sanitarium. Its first appearance in Califor
nia was Mr. Grant's request for the support Of the
Southern Pacific Railroad. Upon being refused, be
cause that corporation had other Senatorial suckers
to fry, he publicly admitted that he had applied, and
consoled himself for the denial of his application by
pointing with pride to the support of the Santa Fe
Railroad. These guileless admissions demonstrate
that Mr. Grant was of the opinion that California has
SO little voice in her own affairs that her seats in the
Senate are disposed of by one or both of two foreign
railroad corporations, upon request of some Eastern
politicians who can render an equivalent to the cor
porations in the shape of favorable railroad legisla
tion in Congress.
This is a naked analysis of Mr. Grant's method. It
consisted in an Eastern bargain, and the presentation
lof a grant, bargain and sale deed to the office, for
j which an equivalent had been promised.
There was no local nor personal nor party reason
! why Mr. Grant should be Senator. If the selection
had bren left to the voluntary action of the people,
who is bold enough to say that Mr. Grant would
ever have been thought of? He was not in the Sen
atorial class. No act of party loyalty or State ser
vice had put his name on the eligible list. The first
trace of his attempt to influence politics is found in a
feeble infidelity to Republican principles and disloy
alty to the national ticket in 1896.
In the hot fight of that year, while the right of the
party to live at all was on trial, and while it identified
itself with certain great principles of finance so as to
ca\\ to its side allies out of the Democratic ranks,
j where was Mr. Grant? When his brother was pro
! claiming from the lnuwtops, and boasting from po
: litical Gath to Askelou. that if their father were living
i he would be a supporter of Bryan, did this aspirant
,to a Republican scat in the Senate deny it? Did he
I vindicate the great name that was being degraded by
I that uurilial zeal? Did he declare that General Grant
\\.i> a sincere believer in the sound money and re
sumption measures which were the glory of his terms
111 the Presidency? Did he declare a son's faith that
General Grant w..s not a pretender and a hypocrite
when lie said in his fourth annual message to Con
gress: "The preservation of our national credit is of
the highest importance; next in importance comes
the solemn duty to provide a national currency, of
fixea, unvarying value, as compared with gold, and
convertible into gold at par"? In his first message
General Grant had said: "I earnestly recommend to
you such legislation as will insure a gradual return to
specie payments and put an immediate stop to fluctua
tions in the value of currency"; in his fifth message:
"We can never have permanent prosperity until a
specie basis is reached": in his sixth message: "It
•.- easy to conceive that the debtor and speculative
< lasses may think it of value to them to make so
called money abundant until they can throw a por
tion of their burdens upon others": in his seventh
message: 'That additional power be given the Sec
retary oi the Treasury to accumulate gold for final
redemption." When his good faith in these sound
money texts and the arguments by which he en
forced them was impeached by the declaration that he
would support Bryan if alive, the Republican party j
■vindicated his memory by sustaining the principles !
for which he stood. It did that duty unaided by the
sympathy of the man who now conjures in his name
for the party's greatest honor in California.
Heredity and family, and the support of an Eastern
junta and the. opposition of one and support of an
other foreign railroad corporation, make up the
pleadings of Mr. Grant, upon which he asks judgment
in his favor. Heredity is repugnant to republican in
stitutions. No American has any right to great
things because his father did great things. Ancc
gives no claim upon those rewards which each genera
tion bestows upon its own exalted characters. In
England there has been presented repeatedly the
spectacle of a blackguard bearing the hereditary
honors of the house of Mariborough because its
founder. John Churchill, glorified the arms of his
country at Blenheim and Malplaquet. The same is
tine of the noble houses founded by great men in the
high and mighty times from the crusades to the ac
cession of the Brunsvvickcrs. Oitcner than other
wise their descendants have discredited the names
they bear.
We do not say of Mr. Grant that he tarnishes the
name of his family, but that he does not and will not
add to its luster. What this living generation de
mands is that the recipients of its honors must come
in their own right and title, with their escutcheon em
blazoned with tiieir own deeds, and not quartered with
the acts of their forebears.
The Senate i< not a kindergarten in which to train
statesmen in the rudiments of their craft. It is not
a museum in which to put on exhibition the de
scendants of past greatness. It is not a directory in
which to print historical names. It is not a body to
which a small junta in one section of the country and
a foreign corporation in another delegate their rep
resentatives. It is the greatest parliamentary body on
the planet, and seats in it are not inherited, nor arc
they to be bought.
The people of California have too much State
pride and personal self-respect to submit the common
wealth to the base uses oi strangers.
ThjE PRESIDENT'S TOURS.
ONE of the attractive features of the personality
of President McKinley is his comprehensive
sympathy with all the aims of his countrymen
and his willingness to actively participate as far as
possible in all enterprises of a public character. Not
withstanding the burdens and duties of his office.
made more oppressive and difficult by the war, he has
found time to attend various 5 expositions and cele
brations in different parts of the country, and at this
time is making ■ tour through the South, which is to
include visits not only to the jubilee at Atlanta, but
to the industrial institute at Tuskegee, Alabama.
When this tour shall be completed the President
within the last three months will have made visits as
far West as Omaha, as far North as Chicago, and as
far South as Savannah. None of these tours have
been made in a hurried and perfunctory manner. • The
President has not seemed bored, as if he were going
through a ceremony tedious and tiresome. On the
contrary, he has shown a hearty enjoyment of his op
portunities to meet the people, and has made friends
at even stopping-place.
Out of this willingness on the part of the President
to visit the various portions of the Union instead of
going rishing. the people of California and the West
generally ought to profit. We have no exposition or
jubilee to which to invite him during the coming
summer, more's the pity, but then in a certain sense
California is always an exposition in itself. It is al
THE SAN riiANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1898.
ways worth while for any Eastern man to visit it, and
there are particular reasons why the President should
do so.
We invited Mr. McKinley to visit us last summer,
but he was unable to do so. Perhaps if another in
vitation is given early, before his programme for the
coming summer is arranged, he may visit the State in
the coming year. It would certainly be worth while
for our delegation in Congress to present the request
to him this winter. The President has now seen the
Eastern section of the country, from the Atlantic to
the Missouri, from the lakes to the gulf States, and
it is but right the Pacific Coast should have the
honor of entertaining him next summer.
ThjE DANGERS OF EXPANSION.
THE devotees of the doctrine of territorial ex
pansion, now that the excitement of war is
passed, have been met by the cold reason of a
class of men headed by Senator Hoar, who believe
that in the doctrine of territorial expansion, so freely
advocated, lurks a danger to these United States of
America, in that no principle upon which this Gov
ernment is founded, no power granted to Congress
nor any line existing in the constitution, can be
found to authorize the maintenance of a condition
which the expansionist claims will soon exist in the
Philippine Islands.
The cardinal principles of human liberty enunciated
ir the Declaration of Independence should be care
fully read by that class of our citizens who believe we
have a right to maintain by the strong arm and the
bayonet a colonial authority over foreign races of
human beings without their consent and against their
protest. The right of representation in the Legisla
ture which frames the laws was recognized as one of
the grounds for the severance of this country from
England, and is spoken of as "a right inestimable to
them (meaning the United States) and formidable to
tyrants only." Another ground was that the King
of England had kept among us standing armies,
without the consent of our Legislatures, and, again,
"for imposing taxes without the consent of the gov
erned."
It was in the same relation to her colonies as that
which the expansionists claim the United States shall
occupy toward the Philippines that the War of Inde
pendence originated and ended in the final separation
of this country from Great Britain.
But, say the expansionists, we do not propose to
treat the Philippine Islands as a colony; we do not
propose to give them a colonial government, and it
is denounced as a false issue of imperialism, and it
is contended that the application of our navigation
laws to Porto Rico, and the treatment of Hawaii,
means that the government shall be territorial, and
that these countries may grow from territories to full
Statehood under the laws and constitution of the
United States.
Passing the question of the questionable policy and
danger of a State existing in the Oriental' tropics,
10.500 miles away from the Capitol at Washington,
we are confronted by the reiterated statement of the
administration that the "open door policy" shall pre
vail at the Philippines, and that all nations shall be
entitled to the benefit of the business of the islands.
How can that policy be maintained In the face of the
constitutional requirement that all duties, imposts
and excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States? If territorial government is proposed, if
statehood is the end to be attained, whj is the "open
door policy" mentioned?
The truth is that in this question of our newly ac
quired territory is involved one of the gravest and
deepest questions that has agitated this country since
the days of reconstruction, a question which must be
solved calmly and deliberately, not only for the pub
lic good, but with regard to that great hypothesis
which a philosophical writer has stated, that all na
tions have their birth, life and death, and that in the
adopting into the body politic of elements so dis
cordant and degenerate we may be planting the seed
of our future destruction as a nation.
A CHARGE is directly made that the lawyer for j
Brandes, assisted by Dr. Woolsey. desecrated j
the body of Lillian Brandes, the child supposed
to have been murdered, and one. whatever caused her .
death, whose short journey from cradle to grave was
fraught with suffering and sorrow.
Law recognizes the necessity for autopsies designed
to disclose evidence of crime. In the present in- i
stance, such evidence, according to the testimony of
reputable surgeons, had been discovered. That the
girl had been killed by a blow or blows on the head
seemed to be established through certain adhesion I
noted in the membranes within the skull. Lawyer
Bennett and Dr. Woolsey removed this damaging evi
dence. Why?
There is no disposition now to make charges that
the theft was done with foul intent of defeating jus
tice, and yet that it was made for honorable purposes
the public will he slow to believe. A lawyer who would
resort to so ghoulish a method must not be surprised
to note signs of disapproval. There is no doubt that
the membranes could be so manipulated as to destroy
their character as revealed by the autopsy, render
them valueless to the prosecution and mutely dispute
the assertions of the experts. Nobody can say that
this will be done, or an attempt made to do it, but the
ground for withholding faith in an attorney who
would resort to such a plan as purloining the skull of
murder's supposed victim does not inspire faith in the
purity of his motives.
Mrs. Eva Martin, who broke the peace of the do
mestic circle and disturbed her sleeping husband's
rest by shooting him in the head, has been discharged
from custody. Martin declining to prosecute. As an
example of the complacent and obliging husband he
certainly heads the list. Some husbands might even
rerard the shooting as a form of amusement almost
violent
Some of the Chinese who have grown rich here and
want to go home are scheming to have the Govern
ment deport then. It is an oft day with the coolie
when he cannot think of some trick to get the better
of the "white devils."
Bryan may stand on a platform with a free silver
pU.nk and an anti-expnnsion plank, but a free silver
plank would destroy any platform. Therefore there
wil! be no particular harm in his standing there until
tired.
There is a law against reckless driving. The fact
is mentioned because one. judging by the acts of the
reckless drivers, would never have thought so.
If the Russians abandon their plans in China, the
step may be taken as indicating that the Czars love
of peace is more than a joke
Apparently the Board of Education intends going
out of office not in a blaze of glory so much as in a
reeking smudge of shame.
McKinley has met the South, and it seems to be
hiscn.
DESECRATING TbjE DEfID.
BURNS' RECORD AS
A BONANZA KING
Shadow of a Mexican Prison
Cell Hangs Over Him. ;
.—. — i
Was Tried and Convicted of Appropriating
the Property of Another.
Colonel Daniel M. Burns is an ex
office holder of the State of California,
present candidate for United States
Senator and reputed owner of the fam
ous bonanza known as the Candelaria
mines in Mexico.
A majority of the people of this State
are aware of the manner in which
Burns discharged his duties as an of
fice holder; all are aware of his present
Senatorial aspirations; but only a few
have a knowledge of the facts concern
ing the manner in which he obtained
control of the mines in the State of
Durango, Mexico, and which are esti
mated to be worth anywhere from $20.
000,000 to $50,000,000.- Here and there
may be found a man who has an in
distinct remembrance of hearine that
Burns occupied a cell In a Mexican iail
at some time in the past, and that his
imprisonment had something to do with
his connection with the Candelaria
mines.
Neither these men nor any one of the
120 legislators who will be asked to
cast their votes for Burns within the
next month know that the shadow of
a Mexican prison cell still hangs over
this Senatorial candidate, and that only
the doubtful termination of a civil suit
stands between him and the re-enact
ment of criminal proceedings that once
before branded him a felon.
There are on file In the office of the
Secretary of State at Washington. D.
C, documents that tell the official story
of Burns' connection with the Can
delaria mines, his arrest and imprison
ment for the fraudulent appropriation
of another's property, and the proceed
ings by which one court after another
reaffirmed the justice of his conviction
and confirmed the sentence of Impris
onment. Such portions of these docu
ments as have to do with Burns' im
mediate participation in this alleged
fraud by which the title to this vast
mining property passed to him. as well
as the history of his arrest and impris
onment, will be quoted here in full.
A perusal of the following rocord will
give the reader an insight into the na
ture of the fraud charged against
Burns. It should be understood that
at the time the events referred to oc
curred Burns vis employed by the
owners of the mines in the capacity of
superintendent. From the record:
In ISOO I learned thnt Daniel. M.
Burns hnd sank a prospecting shaft
300 feet deep from the 1000-foot
level (which wan then the bottom
level of the old workings of the
Candelaria Mines). The shaft was
sunk Immediately Tinder the divis
ion of the main Cnndelaria Mine and
its addition, the Chenery Mine.
Drifts were run from the shaft,
every fifty feet deep, each -way on
the vein. The ore taken from the
shaft and drifts vims so rich that 900
ponnds of quicksilver wan used to
each charge of 2<>OO pounds of ore
to take up the precious metal. This
"ore wan so rich that It could not
he worked at the mill to advantage,
so a portion was sacked and sent to
Maaatlan. Mexico, and from there
shipped in hnlk to Europe, instead
of to California, as was usual.
>'o ore was taken from the stopes,
bat the hoisting; works and stamps
•were taken ont of the shaft, and it
was filled np with waste rock, and
information given ont that the ex
ploration for ore -was a failure, and
that the rich upper ore bodies were
nt. ..nt worked out, and the upper
'works wonld be abandoned when a
new tunnel was run to reach the
mine at a loner level. Then Horn*,
in securing the approval of the
Loral Federal Mining Ascent to n
plan for a now tunnel, which wan
stated, to run ilinmuU tue Cande
laria Mines, conspired with the Fed
eral Local Agent to give him (Burns)
a r<cw title and possession of the
mine. Subsequently, when the fraud
ulent proceeding!* were brought to
the knowled.ee of the hiuh federal
administrative authorities of Mex->
ico. they declared the act of their
agrnt irrrtnlnr and illegal.
Burns had. at the time, for under
ground foremnn and assistant, two
American miners. They were in
structed to keep the extent of the
rich find secret, and he Brave it out
that the rich ore taken from the
shaft and drifts came from pockets;
but a detective, in IStK), learned
from the assayer at the mill and
from the assistant underground
foreman and other miners the real
fnetv in regard to the richness and
extent of the ore find, the estimated
value of was so enormous
that I refrained from making: It j
pnbllc. feariOK it might not be trne.
At this taac time Burns was de
preciating; the mine .and giving oat
that the old mine bad been worked
out. The facts, as learned by the
detectives, ■were given in a casual
■way, nnd neither the foreman nor
his assistant supposed they were be
traying any confidence.
In 1803 the underground foreman
became ill. He then left the mine
and returned to the I nited States.
Karly in 1594 a detective was en-
BiiKffl to fret whatever information
he conld from this foreman. The
latter was at first secretive, but
eventually disclosed the fact that
he. when climbing up through the
old works, had discovered the chim
ney, where the millions had been
taken ont by the former owners.
and that, at his suggestion, the :uhi
foot shaft was located and snnk. and
the drifts rnn. disclosing over five
million of valne In sight. Then the
development was abandoned and
the shaft filled In -with waste rork.
and the new tunnel planned to cnt
this same chute of ore 1400 feet be
low. One aide of this vein, cnt by
the .drifts, tSree feet wide, ran over
ten dollars a pound, or ?20.000 pep
tun i while the other portion, six
feet wide, carried rich ore.
At the time Burns declared the mines
abandoned they were producing from
$75,000 to $100,000 monthly under his
superintendency. Then came the un
covering of the great mass of rich ore.
From the record:
It was then that the lessees* of the
Candelaria became ambitious to
hold the complete title aiid owner
ship in the bonanza which they
were working 1 , and being: unable to
buy it up, in their desire to obtain a
title, pretended the mine aban
doned. They intended then to take
complete ownership of the property,
which it was decided should be done
in the name of D. M. Burns, their
Superintendent.
To this end the mine for a dis
tance of 0000 feet along: the vein
was "denounced." or declared to be
■without an owner, by this Superin
tendent, lint It is a peculiar Inci
dence that the record of the au
thorities of Dnrango niton's that the
Candelaria in January of that same
year had produced 575.000, that in
February, the month of the de-
nouncement, the output was s:>u.«hki.
Notwithstanding; these little lrreßD
laritlen, however, the mine was
placed in the hands of Mr. Burns by
the local mining- a sent in June of
inks, under a pretended title of
abandonment.
As soon as the owners of the mine be
came aware of what had been done the
facts were laid before the Mexican Fed
eral authorities, and an investigation
was ordered by them. As a result of
this investigation the Federal Mining
Agent who had assisted Burns in mak
ing the "denouncement" was dismissed
in disgrace. He was later arrested and
tried on a criminal charge, but escaped
conviction because the State court be
fore which the trial was had lacked
jurisdiction to try a Federal official for
a fraudulent act connected with the ad
ministration of the Federal laws.
Burns Mas also arrested and haled
into court on a charge of fraud. His
conviction and a sentence of imprison
ment speedily followed. From the
record :
In i'.xliiiiit Book \o. 2, pasres :* and
4. « ill be found copies of the .hnlt
nient proceedings liad by the Mexi
can Government in the Criminal
Case ami iii«t 1), M. Burns for his part
in the Frandulent Act. and which
will show that the Promoter Fiscal
(Attorney General! of the Criminal
Conrt of the City of Mexico advised
the Conrt npon the termination of
the Trlnl to Condemn I>. M. Barns,
and Instructed the Court to Convict
the Criminal to Imprisonment.
When D. M. Burn* was arrested in
the City €>f Mexico, he appealed to
the I'nited States Department of
State, through his political friends,
the Hon. C. K. Felton and ex-Gover
nor Markham of the State of Cali
fornia, wherenpon the Hon. .lames
G. Blame. the Secretary of State, di
rected the Hon. Thomas Ryan, the
American Minister at Mexico, to In
tercede In behalf of the Prisoner, D.
I M. Burns; as this Affiant was reli
ably informed at the time, and be
lieving: it to be true, therefore
Charges it to be trne. that the Amer
ican Minister did interfere through
the Mexican Minister of Foreign
Relations at Mexico, in behalf of the
said Prisoner, D. M. Bnrns. and that
the Mexican Administration there
; upon appointed a Special Represen
tative of the Minister of Justice to
j see that the Prisoner should have n
j fair and proper Trial: Rut although
1 after a fair trial, the Defendant was
convicted and Sentenced by the 1
Court as Prisoner, the Representa-
I tive of the Mexican Administration I
i succeeded in modifying- and chanir-
Ins: the Sentence- of th« Conrt, by !
securing: an Order from the .lv.i . !
i nrnntinur the Prisoner Bail on a i
Fifty Thousand dollar bond until bis
final trial should take place at San-
Dimas. State of Ouranßo.
On his securing Bail, the Prisoner
immediately left the ICty of Mexico
I for the United State*, and won soon
, beyond the Jurisdiction of the Mexi
can Tribunals, leaving; his Counsel
to appeal the case to the "Superior
State Court of Mexico. Here the case
wan Re-tried, and the Prisoner was
j held RiKhtly Convicted, both hr the
Promoter Fiscal and the Hi R h %p
peal Court. The Appeal Court held
that the Lower Court had been in
i Error In sranttn« Hail to the Pris
! oner and Reversed the Order in
j Granting Bail nn ,i ,ol, ol( rm , (1 o thp
j Verdict of Cnnvlctlon and 1,,,,, 0n
ment. From this Confirmation of the
j Sentence, and denial of the Rlßht of
Bail to the Prisoner, hi. Counsel an- I
| pealed to the ideal District Court j
on Amparo Proceedings. The p ,. o \
moter Fiscal advised the « onrt that !
D. M. Bnrns was not entitled to the
RiStrhts of Amjinro Relief, nn ,, th - :
j Federal District Court Confirmed the
; Conviction and Sentence of tmurls- '
onment. Then the Case vras «*„,„
appealed to the Supreme Court of
the Federal Government, v, hen th ,
Supreme Court referred the Case
with the evidence and the Record to
the lira. Justice Buelna, Vice Presi- !
dent of the Supreme Court, for stnds
and report to the Court. Th* Opin
ion and Report of this eminent Jus
tice ; of the Supreme I onrt l» Conclu
sive, the Justice, support!,,* it bY
quoting extensively from the evJ
denee and the Criminal Uw« of
Mexico, he nnally ;«tn,ed lh||t t "*
Prisoner was Ri K htfully Convicted
•nd that the 3 Penalty of twprUon.
went should bo Confirmed, a. th.
Pvldrnce Proved th.t IX M ««rnV
the Prisoner. w»» the Author of . |
! Fraudulent Appropriation of An
other's Property.
His conviction and sentence of im
prisonment having: been approved by
the highest court in the land. Burns
launched a forlorn hope in the shape
of an "Amparo" appeal — that is. an ap
peal to the court for relief from the
sentence. From the record:
The Court by a bare majority (rave
I). M. Burns liberty on the technical
point thsit he held a Federal title
(obtained through his act of declar
ing: the mines deserted) to the Can
delaria mines, and -whether It wn ■«
Kood or bad, the Supreme Court In
the Ampnro appeal, had no right to
investigate, and that the prisoner
could not be held for crime until
civil proceedings were had in the
proper court, and the Federal Act
and the title given him under it had
been declared illegal.
The civil suit has been instituted and
is now pending in the, Mexican courts.
What the result will be should it be
decided against Burns is apparent.
Buy the Christmas Call, out next
Sunday, if you Trant to read the
best Christmas stories published
this year, all beautifully Illustrated.
JUDGE W. T. WALLACE ILL.
Rumors That He Had Died Suddenly
Create Considerable Excitement.
Wild rumors that death had sudden!y
stricken the venerable jurist, William T.
Wallace, created considerable excitement
in the City Hali and on the streets yes
terday morning. Thursday evening when
Judge Wallace left the courtroom he com
plained of being extremely ill and fever
ish. Through the night he suffered con
siderably and yesterday morning was un
able to attend court. Shortly after the
hour for court to convene rumors that
the jurist had expired were circulated.
Many of the courts adjourned "out of re
spect to the memory of the dead." and for
a time no business was transdttc-d. 'X -
tices of the death of Judge Wallace" were
spread on the minutes of several depart
ments, the following appearing on the
record In Judge Belcher's department:
"At 11:20 a. m. Fisher Ames. Esq., called
the court's attention to the sudden demise
of Hon. William T. Wallace, Judge ot the
Superior Court (Department *>>. and mov
ed the court to adjourn out of respect to
his memory. Court was ordered ad
journed."
Judge Wallace was to have charged th»
jury in the trial of Walter Rosser. but as
he was unable to attend court Judge
Dunne was given the instructions pre
viously prepared by Judge Wallace and
read them to the jury-
Ina D. Coolbrith and Oscar "Well
have -written the rrortls and music
of a beautiful Christinas sons for
the Christmas edition of The Call.
out next Sunday, December IS.
In the Divorce Courts.
Sadie E. Brown has been granted a di
vorce from George W- Brown on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Mary A.
OBrien has sued Georpe E. O'Brien for
a divorce, alleging cruelty as a cause of
action. Chris Topfer has applied for
a divorce from Susie Topfer on thr>
ground of desertion. Suits for divorce
or. the ground of failure to provide hav^
been liled by Lilly A. Lorentzen aeains"
Harry K. I^orentzen and Bertha Aiford
ag-ajnst Charles A \ -
The best Xmas present: Towmsend's Cal
ifornia Glace Fruits. 50c, in fire etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market st.
Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main KHJ. •
Read Judsre Magriire to Father Torke.
full text of his open letter in to-day'a
Star. •
.^M< was the result of the experiment
■ or having handsome young- women instead
or the regular deacons pass the contribu
tion boxes?"
, "It was a failure. After a few Sundays
the youngr men found they were chipping,
in more than they could afford, and they
I quit coming to church."— Chicaco Tribune.
ACKERS DYSPEPSIA TABLETS ARE
sol.l en a positive ruarsate*. Cares heartburn,
raising of the food, distress after e*tin« or any
form ot dyspepsia. Oji« lltUe tablet gives Sm
mediate relief. At Owl Prop Co.
No ChrlstK3*s Table should be without c. bot
tle of Dr. SlsgerVs Angostura Bitters, the fin
est appetlter, Jcapcrt^S fron S->nth America. .
Let me see," said the absent-minded
Kuest; "mustard doesn't go with turkey
as it does with beef?"
"Yes it does." remarked the assertive
youth/ who was deliberately prorgire him
self. "The only difference's that -with
turkey you wear the mustard on the out
side."—Washington Star. v- -■> . ? '
OPEN EVENINGS.
Beautiful
HOLIDAY
GOODS
Pictures, Statuary, Vases,
Ornaments, French and
Dresden Cabinets, Onyx
Pedestals and Taeles,
L«mps, Art Novelties,
Fine
Crockery and Glassware
S. & G.GUMP
113 Geary St.j — . 1 _ — _
______ ADVERTISEMENTS.
4^\ct*voLm try _„,,**&&
w H^^^^^^^vvi^^ c deal f fenc ' 1 Tonic
WIM* I*'1 *' r^^ lA ' t ' Ar " FOR BODY AND BRAIN'
Since 1863, Endorsed by Medical Faculty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
PRIED OPEN
THE WINDOW
WITH A JIMMY
Daylight Burglars Are
at Work.
STEAL VALUABLE JEWELRY
BANSACK A HOUSE ON WASH
INGTON STREET.
Seen by a Citizen, Who Has Fur
nished the Police With a
Description of
Them.
A brace of daring daylight burglars are
causing the police considerable un
easlness. They have been operating in
the Western Addition and have already
P"t away with considerable booty.
Last Thursday afternoon they* entered
the residence of James Degan, at 2918
"Washington street, and stole jewelry and
silverware valued at several hundred dol
lars.
An entrance was effected by prying
open thf side window with a jimmy.
The family had left the house shortly
before 2 o'clock, and on tlu-ir return, sev
eral hours later, they found that hurglars
had paid them a visit. After forcing an
entrance the desperate housebreakers in
vaded every room in the house, breaking
open trunks and bureaus 'and taking
rthlng <>f value. A citizen. wh<
■ tr The hous." a short time before
tb< burglary, saw two well-dressed men
■ the street apparently en
paped in earnest conversation. One of
them, he claims, crossed the street and
approached the house which was subse
entered. He rang the doorbell.
nn<l th^ citizen, thinking he was a friend
family, passed on. When he
It-.irned that the house had been entered
nciuded that the two men whom he
•en w< : . the burglars and lost no
time in giving a description to the po
lice. Yesterday Mr. Degan visited police
luartera and gave a list of the ar
which were stolen. Two detectives
lent to make an investigation, but
they failed to find a clew which would
)< ad to the apprehension of the daring
housebreakers.
Tt i? believed that they are the sam^
m* n who have been working In the West
ern Addition.
The captains of the different stations
have been furnished with a description of
them, and every effort will be made to
run them down.
Edwin Cooper, who is stopping at the
Russ }Ious«. last night reported to the
police that his room had been entered
and considerable clothing had been
taken. The thief had gained an entrance
with the aid of a skeleton key.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■
The beautiful
Christmas num-
ber of the.S. F.
News Letter will
be on sale Tues-
day, Dec. 20.
Will contain 84
pages. 28 pages
of elegant half
tone engravings
and original full
page sketches in
colors. Order
copies now.
Send it to your
friends. Price
25 cents.
r
Use ' f*^k. <
Facial Soap S^"/ facia! Cream.
The Grandest Toilet Comoinatlon known tor !
th. »kin, complexion and teeth Is Woodbury's
Facial Soap. Facial Cream ~ and Facial : and
Tooth Powder. The dally use of these article!
will protect a fair complexion and cure a bad
akin.
k -
PASSED CLAIMS,
BUT THEY MADE
NO TEACHERS
Riotous Meeting of
School Directors.
STOPPED BY INJUNCTIONS
BAN THROUGH BANTEL'S LONG
LIST OF BILLS.
Billingsgate Marked the Speeches
and Disgraceful Filibustering
the Tactics Em
ployed.
The two latest crooked schemes con
ceived by the ready wit of the Board of
Education have died a-bornin'. At the
meeting last night the ready hand of the
law. with Judge Belcher iseulnd it, man
ifested itself in the form of an injunction
served upon each Director in the bunch,
restraining them from consummating the
two jobs that yesterday morning's Call an
nounced that they would attempt at last
evening's meeting. The thirty new teach
ers with whii h it was intended to swell
the depleted substitute list did not trans
pire, and with the fear of a Christmas
spent in the durance that would neces
sarily result from open contempt of the
court's order, the board refrained from
abolishing the busin< ss evening school
that it might sidetrack Professor E. C.
Kilpatrick.
The injunction that did such good work
was sworn to by Mervin Mark Lane, and
there was no limit placed upon the term
of its operation. Its intent is to prevent
for the balance of the term of the pres
ent board every crooked scheme that is in
prospect, and the list is one of no mean j
proportions.
Judge Belcher's injunction did not issue i
until late in the afternoon. It was de- I
sired that the board know nothing of It j
until it had gathered at the meeting- :
room, but despite every precaution the
word was passed and every Director was
ready for the service when it came.
No attempt, however, was made to fore
stall it. It was roundly sneered at. and
each brave Director boasted that he would
ignore it if he shw tit. The only remark
able fact was that none of them saw fit, j
and the meeting, as a meeting, resolved |
itself into one of the most disgraceful i
of the many broils that have been fought
to a finish since the board first met.
Robbed by tne injunction of the power j
to pubh through their last grist of crook- j
edness. they one and all foil to fighting
among themselves, ami it was after mid- j
night before the game was finished. The
star performers were Hpad. Waller and
Gallagher, and on a half dozen occasions
it seemed that a general fist tight was im
minent.
The lie was passed without reserve or
consideration for the teachers who had I
gathered to see if Justice was ur be done I
them. The < nl.. - business consummatc-1
was the filing of a 7000-word opinion from
Assistant District Attorney Dunne upon
the resolution presented for his considera
tion by the merchants at last Wednes
day's meeting.
Mr. Dunne announced that in his opin
ion the board had the right to audit
claims presented to it and order their
payment without the signature of either
Superintendent Webster or President Bar
rington. In other words, Mr. Dunne's
opinion gives the board powers of prefi i
ence in the payment of claims that make it
possible to mulct the teachers for tue ben
efit of the merchants whenever the com
missions offered shall be commensurate
with the risk incurred.
It gives the board the arbitrary power |
to prefer any claim or any creditor, for |
robbed of the balancing power exercised
by the Superintendent, Auditor Broderick |
is compelled to pass for payment any ;
claim that comes to him so long as it j
shall come within the- provisions of the i
one-twelfth act.
Directors Head and Derham made a
vain attempt to force the payment of the
teachers* salaries, but by the filibustering !
measures of Waller and Gallagher they |
were prevented from making the neces
sary motion. There was a batch of sup
ply bills that were to be ordered paid
under the new ruling of Mr. Dunne, and
the pedagogues were effectually shut out.
In all, claims aggregating 163.953. all of
them for supplies, were passed to the Au
ditor, and among them were the claims
that Director Bantoh has been so long j
and so chary about bringing in.
The row of the evening started when
Head charged that all of the alleged mis
takes, out of which has resulted the
deficit that haunts the board, were "crim
inal, malicious and knowinglyflKvrong."
Waller jumped to his feet with" an objec
tion to such language and Gallagher fol
lowed, and they kept it up until called
down by the president. Head got the
floor again but was once more interrupt
ed, and final!? Gallagher called for the I
reading of the minutes of every meeting
since July 1, "just to prove that Head
Is a deliberate liar and that he voted for
every resolution that cost money that has
come up."
<;allagher added that Head was playing
to the gallery full of teachers and Waller
backed him up In a speech three-quar
ters of an hour long and twice as wide.
Waller said he would take it out of Head's
hide if he could not get satisfaction any I
other way. and then accused him of de- |
manding compensation for every vote he I
made. He stated flatly that he had to buy
Head's vote on the elementary committee
report passed at last meeting by giving
him one of the appointments on the list
Head did not deny it and Waller finished
with a chunk or so of supposedly good
advice to the teachers on how not to col
lect a salary.
Head made an attempt to get a reso
lution before the board providing for the
payment of the November salaries, but
he was again frozen out and after the i
passage of a block of claims without more '
consideration than the necessary motion
the meeting was adajourned.
Town Talk.
This week's issue of the favorite weekly
has some especially fine Saunterer para
graphs about the personages in the Bot
kln trial, the Press Club high jinks, so
ciety and the clubs, and downtown <V 8
The editorials treat of the Philippine Is
lands issue and other timely topics. Pearl I
Landers, the talented child actress, is the I
subject of the title page portrait. There ,
Is an original story and Harry J. Lask
contributes ' ..rlstmas Thoughts." Next
week, bright and early, will be Issued [
Town Talk's annual Christmas special—
On sale next Thursday at all news stands. :
One of its features will he a story of San !
Mateo by a prominent society woman, i
who writes over a norn dc plume. • i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 17, 1898.
WILL SUCCEED THE LATE
JUDGE RHODES BORDEN
YESTERDAY Governor Budd appointed William P. Lawlor Judge of
the Superior Court of San Francisco to fill the vacancy caused by
the death of the late Judge Rhodes Borden. The appointment meets
with general approval, not only because of the high personal esteem
in which Judge Lawlor is held by his many friends, but because of
his recognized fitness to perform in a meritorious manner the duties of a
Superior Court Judge.
William P. Lawlor was born in New York city about forty years ago.
He came to California in 1577 and assumed the superintendency of a num
ber of valuable quicksilver mines in Napa county. Later he came to San
Francisco and entered upon the study of law in the office of Rhodes &
Barstow, at the same time taking the lectures at the Hastings College of
Law. After his admission to practice by the Supreme Court he was asso
ciated with the late Dennis Spencer at 508 California street, where Judge
Lawlor has since been engaged in the practice of his profession.
He has been intimately associated with Democratic politics since 1892,
and in IWM .he was appointed a member of Governor Budd's advisory com
mittee and' personally conducted the campaign in this city. He organized
the campaign for free silver in this city in 189fi and at the beginning of the
recent campaign was chosen chairman of the Fusion Campaign Committee,
a position which he filled with credit to himself and value to his party.
Judge Lawlor went to Sacramento last evening to take the oath of office
and prepare to enter immediately upon the discharge of his duties.
BUSSIAN NOVELIST HERE.
Nicholas Micholowsky, With a Party
of Friends, Arrives on the
Gaelic.
Nicholas Michorlowsky, the well known
Russian novelist, is at the Palace. He ar
rived on the steamer Gaelic yesterday, ac
companied by his friends, G. Hautot and
G. Berhard. The party is making a tour
of the world, and will return to Europe
by the way of New York, first visiting all
the principal cities of the Inked States.
Mr Michorlowsky. whose norn de plume
is Gurine. is a resident of St. Petersburg.
He is a distinguished looking gentleman,
most approachable and possessed of
charming manners. He does not speak
English, but converses fluently In French.
He has traveled extensively over China,
and only recently in Korea, while gather
ing material for a novel, he was held up
by bandits, and while he escaped two of
the guides who were with him were killed.
The best known of Mr. Michorlowsky's
works are: 'L'Bnfance de Cema," "Les
Ktudiants" and "Recits de la Cam
paigns." The party will remain here for
a few days to visit the various points of
interest.
No More Christmas Presents.
At the last meeting of the Master Bak
ers' Protective Association, held on 'i.iurs
day. December 8, 189S, resolutions were
adopted to discontinue the giving of any
Christmas or New Year's presents to cus
tomers. The resolutions provide a fine
of $50 for each violation. •
Indictments Against McGlade.
Two indictments, containing four
counts, have been found by the Grand
Jury against Peter McGl&de, late of the
Street Department. They were filed with
presiding Judge Belcher yesterday after
noon. In the first indictment McGlade
is charged with having forged the name
of B. M*cGinnis; the second count is that
he uttered a forged document against the
City and County of San Francisco. The
second indictment, as a first count,
charges the prisoner with having forged
the name of H. Swords; the second count,
as in the first indictment, charges the ut
tering of a forged document against the
city and county. Judge Belcher fixed the
ball at $10,000 for each indictment or $5000
on each count, stating that he purposely
fixed the bail high as the accused was a
public official and the nature of his crime
called for but little consideration on the
part of the court.
Christmas Exercises.
The Christmas exercises at Harrison
School yesterday afternoon were novel
and interesting and sent the pupils home
happy for the holiday season. The pro
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-«-■-■- ■■'■ mm ■ ■ -■-■-■-■-■
Do You Want Strength ?
To men who feel that their vital power is wasting— who are not as
strong as they wish to be— Electricity acts as a great aid. When it is
poured into the nervous system for hours at a time every night, it ex-
pands ail the vital forces of the body. This develops new tissues,
muscle and power. It makes a man feel like a giant.
" THREE CLASSES OF MEN," is a little book which I have
written for weak, puny men. It is for men who want to be strong. It
explains why most men have lost their power and how my Electric Belt
restores it. Call or write for it— FREE.
DR. A. X. SANDEN, * -}
7(2 Ktrkit Btmt, C.rner Eetrny, Sm FrtneiH*. fl()T IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 232 West Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington I" never sold In tirug stores
street; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only
Dallas. Tex.. 286 Main street; Butte. Mont.. at our office.
110 North Main street. tf. *
gramme was as follows: Song by the
school; recitations. Gertie Rumllnger,
George Thomas, Roy Rodgers, Lavlna
Symons and Florence Thomas; zither
solos, Mac Fisher and Ella Raicevich;
skirt dance. Lottie Bocarde; banjo solo,
Ruth Bockius. A Dc-lsarti> drill, repre
senting twenty-eight emotions, was give.i
by sixteen pupils of the fourth, fifth and
sixth grades.
THE POLICE INTERFERED.
The Opening Bout Before the Prince-
ton Athletic Club Was Brought
to a Sudden Conclusion.
The Princeton Athletic Club gave its
first boxing entertainment last evening
at 1322 Howard street. The first event,
which was to have been a six-round con
test between Henry Lewis and Frank
Ely, was stopped in the third round by
Sergeant Donahue, who, seeing that Ely,
who was as fat as a prize hog. was apt
to be killed at any moment, wisely
stepped into the ring and ordered the
boxers to their dressing rooms.
The managers of the club were cau
tioned that if they permitted untrained
boxers to enter the ring again they would
be debarred from giving future exhibi
tions.
"Kid" Everett got a decision over Budd
Terry in a six-round contest, and Eugene
Mulligan and Joe Sullivan boxed eight
rounds. The mill was declared a draw
by Referee Joe Reay.
Christmas Trees.
Churches and Sunday schools, attention!
Large Christmas trees. 20 feet high, for
sale at 20 Sutter street. •
Alumni Drill Entertainment.
An interesting musical entt-rtainment
was given last evening at Native Sons'
Hall, followed by an exhibition of fancy
military drill by the Alumni Drill Corps.
The young men were under the command
of Lieutenant Christian F. Seitz. who put
them through the circles, crosses, tri
angles and various designs with skill and
precision. The musical portion of the pro
gramme was a piano solo by Miss Mar
guerite Davis, recitation by E. Morrissey,
whistling solo by Miss Cordie 'Wetjen, vo
cal solo by Miss Virginia Farrey and reci
tation by Miss Ella Jacobson.
Read Judge to Father Yorke,
full text of his open letter in to-day's
Star. •
Camera Club Lecture.
An illustrated lpcture on the Philippines
w;is given at Metropolitan Temple last
evening under the auspices of the Califor
nia Camera Club before a crowded house.
Mrs. Hattie B. Steele was the lecturer.
ADVEBTISEMEUTS. '
■ . ■ . . ■ ■•' '
A Parlor Cabinet — a Christ-
mas gift that all would en-
joy — that would protect and
display the delicate bric-a-
brac that Christmas is sure
to bring.
There's so many to tell
about that we must ask you
to come and see for yourself.
Prices start at $7, and by
easy steps reach the three or
four hundred mark.
A dainty Desk-Chair for
the home.
Seat screws up or down to
desired height.
Flaring arms for comfort
and high back for restfulness.
In all the popular woods.
Dainty, pretty, artistic A
welcome companion to any
dcsk — a welcome Christmas
gift. _
Open Evenings.
California Furniture
Company
(N.i P. COLE & CO.) Carpet!
; 17- 123 Geary St Mattings
Doctor
JpP**^^! M EY ERS
riff "^^t^Kn Specialists for Men
\* |5- tr*ct«(l »ilmrnt» »lnre 1881.
l0&/t V KUi&X^iiMt'^ UnfoTtunate mm who c»n-
■^Bjj k\, 1 v ' ce (UiJ private lwok—
ESTABLISHED iTYIAM. _ AL J' F^ X , E v
Thoupunna curwl at horn«.
All lcttm confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 BANFBAXCISCO 1 Elcvat.r Entrance
/Jv*"*>v LADIES no iron not
Jt j&P? DR. FELIX LE BRUN'S
W' *\ Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment
Tp* 3is the originnl and only FRENCH,
i f safe and reliable care on the mar-
y v<<^ket. Price, $1.00; sent by mail.
r > Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agents.
114 Kearny St.. San Frmnciaoo.
§ vi.it DR. JORDAN'S *™ «
JSm Museum of Anatomy
|§f»a\ Io6HlABHTBT.lit6th*7th,B.r.CiL
' B *"B The Ltrgfst of 118 kind In the World.
lf^t\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
' ComaluMon free. Writ* for B.ofc
Wl Philosophy of Marriagt.
• ft mailed rmtz.
AHIIIII and Morphine Habits
IBJ 1 1 1 Ail cured at home. Write
118 II Ilifl forfutl particulars and
VI I Will book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D.KMMIS,
201 Turk St.. San Francisco. 7
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KIkO.WARD &
[ CO. European plan. Rooms Me to $1 50 day;
I 15 to JS week; $8 to $30 month. *"ree baths; hot
I and cold water every room; fire grates in *very
I room elevator run» all night.
CONCERTS AND BESCSTtf.
mechanics' Pavilion
GALA EVENT! GRAND OPENING
— -OF THE ■
BIG HOLIDAY CARNIVAL !
OPENING TO-NIGHT— CONTINUING 12
■ DAYS.
INITIAL FEATURES-Opening of the
GREAT «-DAY WALKING MATCH. 36 En-
tries; also Fancy Bicycle Riding. Burlesque and
Trick Skating,- Musical Melange, and a
CHRISTMAS CLOWN PANTOMIME.
, . ■ NEW ; FEATURES DAILY.
Dancing, Gaiety i and Fun For . All.
Doors Open 7:30 p. m. .Admission, 25c.
' CHUTES^ND ZOO!
f SPECIAL TO-MORROW (SUNDAY).
'• EMIL MARKEBERG. .^"f;
The ' Best Balloonist on Earth, Will
Make an
Ascension and :
Parachute Jump.
Baseball !_HrS e^
f - TO-DAY, AT 2:45 P. M.
;■ . A FIGHT FOR SECOND PLACE.
OAKLAND VS. SAN JOSE.
ADMISSION :. . . . .-.'. :'.:.. ..... ..... ... . ; ... . .'. : . .1 JSC
Soeciail
At $8.50.
20 pairs 14-4 California White
Blankets,size 84x86, made
from the finest Australian
wool, with a deep silk
binding. This is a high-
grade blanket, and posi-
tively worth $15, will be
offered special at
$8.50.
I/I / Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ /
\S \jr 6an Francisco. /
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^ THEATER
MATINEE TO.DAY.
IT BURNS BRIGHTLY.
To-night, Sunday and All Next "Week.
HOYPS
A PARLOR
MATCH
"NONE FINER."
CALIFORNIA_THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
The Distinguished Irish Comedian.
DANIEL SULLY
And His Splendid Company in
UNCLE 808.
Sunday Night— DANIEL BULLY In
"O'BRIEN, THE CONTRACTOR."
Seats at Box Office and Emporium.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50e and 750
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), DEC. 17.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN,
KING OF MONOLOGISTS.
JULIUS P. WITMARK, Famous Vocalist.
THE THREE MERKELL SISTERS. Euro-
pean Acrobats.
FRANK LA MONDUE. The Mute Comedian.
VIOLET DALE. Acrobatic Dancer.
CAMILLA URSO. Viollniste.
PAUL BATTYS ACROBATIC BEARS.
ARNESEN, Equilibrist.
BAKER. SELLERY AND BARTLKTT.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON AT 2.
To-night and Tn-morrnw Evening at 8,
LAST TIMES.
Audran's Favorite Opera,
THE MASCOT.
FUN— MELODY— FROLIC.
NEXT WEEK— Our Xmas Spectacle,
"THE YELLOW DWARF."
A Harvest of Song, Humor and Ballet.
Popular Prices, 25 and 50 cents. N. B.— A
reserved seat Tor the Matinee, 25 cents. Our
Telephone, Bush 9.
R. C J. C.
tINGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
Five op More Races Daily.
DECEMBER .777771 12TH
DECEMBER .....28TH
SATURDAY,
THE HOBART STAKES— H4 MILES.
(23 ENTRIES.)
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:4 a and
1:65 p. m.
Round-trip tickets, 25c.
Electric .cars on Mission and Kearny street*
ever}' three minutes.
ADMISSION ONE DOLLAR.
8. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
, AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
SEATS BY PHONE. MAIN 254.
JL.MST T\A/O NIGHTS!
" MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
A. M. PALMER'S SUCCESS,
ALABAMA!
A Story in Poetry of Southern Life.
l^ds. 15c,_25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— Reed's Farce Comedy, ■
"HUMBUG."
Seats Now On Sale.
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
v ALTita Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Maaaget
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 12th,
j First Time Here of the Great Comedy-Drama,
TEMPTATION
MOTLEY!
MONEY!
BONGS, DANCES. MEDLEYS.
A ROARING COMEDY.
Seats on Sale at Box Office and Emporium.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Evening Prices ;.. ....10c. 25c and We •
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St., Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
MORE HEW STAR ATTRACTIONS
t e at CONCHITA
SINGING COMEDIENNE AND DANCER.
FORMAN & HOWELETT, Banjoists.
FREDA, Turkish Dancer.
EMILY SCHIEDLE, Australian Aerialist
V ...AND TEN GREAT ACTS...
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE TO-DAY.
I GLEN PARK I
j -TH E MlSSijOflj ZOO* |
Mi ■'"■'■ " '■■ ' m :
SUNDAY, Dec. IBth, 1898. S • V<
«-> BALLOON RACE! «-.
fi-MONSTER BALLOONS-Q
:M ' ' IV ■-'•
A 6IGHT . Q DARING
SELDOM J|f AND
OTO BE ■ ft .CLEVER '
WITNESSED! yy AERONAUTS!
;::; ' " ' T, ,1- -;
MILLE. ANITA— vs-CHAS. CONLON
Famous Lady I I I Champion of
Balloonist. I _< I Coast.
I Ml
MME.BoHELt»ndher A GRAND
TRAINED LIONS. |TV I CONCERT!
ADMISSION, children under 5 years, free. '
•. Take San Mat eo electric cars. Valencia. Mis- -, J
»ion and Butter street transfer.
the Weekly CALL,
$1.50 pep Year.
-.._,. , T ■■ ■ _ ■* ■ ■ ■/-■ t '* ■»••■"*• * .
■ ■ .- •*_ - -■ ■ t ,"'" ~-
f
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Bu Men Improvement in Wheat.
Barley and Oats firm.
Larger arrivals of Corn. Rye dull.
Besins and Seeds quiet
Better tone to Hay.
Heavy receipt! of Bran.
Large sale of red Wine.
Potatoes and Onions higher.
Vegetables dull.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs firmer.
Poultry market oversupplied.
Game advanced.
Oranges and Lemons in overstock.
Dried Fruit dull.
Lard firm.
Hops, Wool and Hides quiet.
hinge in Meats.
Rice weak.
Receipts of Coal light.
THE NATIONAL REVENUE.
The revenues of the Government for the fiscal
rear ending June 30 were as follows:
ns J149.575.0C2 35
al revenue 170.9fi0.641 49
1 1.243,129 42
llaneOUS £3.602.501 94
Total J405.521.330 20
In lfJt>f? 347.721.705 16
Increase $57,599,630 04
The gain this year was due to the sale of
rnion Pacific Railroad and the Kansas Pa
cific Railroad under foreclosure suit in failure
to redeem Government bonds issued to help
In the construction of thoae roads. In the
CRse of the Union Pacific these payments
amounted, from November 26. 1897, to Janu
ary 6. 18M, to the sum of $55.445,223 75, and of
the Kansas Pacific, from March 2 to April 18.
189 S. the sum of $6,333,000, or a combined
total of $64,751,223 75.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
RAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 16, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in past twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 8.51 15.13
Red Bluff 0.00 3.05 6. 0S
Sacramento 0.00 2.21 4.32
Fan Francisco 0.00 2.97 4.07
Fresno 0.00 1.81 1.85
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.34 1.57
Los Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.51
San Diego 0.02 0.65 1.23
Tuma ..., 0.28 1.32 0.77
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
10; minimum, 42; mean. 46.
■WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy throughout the Pacific
Slope. Rain has fallen in Washington and Ore
gon during the day, and It is now raining at
Beanie, Fort Canby and Portland.
The storm which has been off the coast for
the past few days has moved eastward over the
British possessions and is central this evening
north of Montana.
The pressure is now rising on the North Pa
cific coast.
F ■■• I■' made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. Dec. 17, 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Saturday;
probably light showers on the extreme northern
coast; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
northwest wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Saturday.
Utah Fair Saturday.
Arizona Fair Saturday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday
morning, becoming fair during the day; fresh
northwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais — wind
north, I* miles; temperature, 42; maximum
temperature, 46.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— The trading to-day
resulted in only trifling changes in prominent
Mocks. The speculative public of England was
active on both sides of the market, with pur
chases of the balance slightly In excess of
pales. Trading: locally was less active than
of late, but a very strong undertone was In
evidence. The traders seemed largely on the
shorts' stde, while there was buying by com
mission houses and pool support. Speculation
•during the forenoon was very irregular, but
variations generally were not significant, ex
cept in a few cases. The market became dull
with the cancellation of orders in commission
houses. In the afternoon a number of hitherto
neglected stocks were taken up and advanced
sharply. The revamping of the old story of
Chicago and Alton passing into new hands was
to-day connected with Union Pacific instead
of Missouri Pacific or Michigan Central, as
the former rumors had it. To this tale, per
haps, was due a rise in Union Pacific. In the
last hours the bears by concerted action
reached stop-loss orders a-«l carried prices oft
from 1 to 2 points generally. By delivery hour
the movement petered nut and in a period of
dullness prices picked up a-, around. News
paper articles treating the sugar trade war as
farcical resulted in a sharp rise in that stock
at the opening, which was soon lost, the clos
ing being at last night's figures. Rubber con
tinued its weakness of yesterday, losing 2
points. The Grangers were very strong most
of the day, but reacted with the rest of the
list on the bear rise.
In the bond market to-day the general tone
was very unsettled, with the semi-speculative
issues trending lower. Total sales, $8,355,000.
United States new fours and the fives cou
pon advanced V*. and the threes and the old
fours and fives registered Vg in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 702 300
shares, including 10,600 Atchison. 32.340 AtClil
son preferred. 27,250 Central Pacific, 25 770
Burlington. 11.510 Denver and Rio Grande pre
ferred, 7660 Manhattan, 4300 Metropolitan 1' -
(12 M. K. T. preferred, 14.500 New York Cen
tral, 9722 .Northern Pacific, 3990 Northern Pa
cific preferred, 8455 Rock Island. 12.525 Union
Pacific, 22.180 Union Pacific preferred. 20 403
St. Paul, MM St. Paul and Omaha. 4570 South
ern Pacific. 6210 Tobacco. 49.549 Federal Steel
BS.BSS Federal Steel preferred, 23,870 People's
Gas, 16,800 Lead. 5140 Pacific Mail, 5180 Rope
and Twine. 43,342 Sugar. 9080 T. C. and 1., 4850
Leather preferred, 12.278 Rubber, 3715 Chicago
Great Western.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison ]$% St L & 8 P 8%
Do prefd 51 Do prefd 684.
Baltimore & Ohio. 61% Do 2d prefd 33
Canada Pacific ... Ssi; st L 4 S w 7
Tanada Southern.. 56% Do prefd 16%
Tent Pac 37% fit P & 0111 92
I*hes & Ohio 25 Do prefd 189
Chi & Alton 187 Ft P M & M 173
• hi B & Q 121% So Pacific 30%
Chi & E 111 56% So Railway 10%
Do prefd 110 Do prefd 4214
Phi G \V 14% Texas & Pacific.... 16
Chi Ind & Ii 8 Union Pacific 38%
Do prefd 32 Do prefd 71%
Chi A N \V 141% D P D & O. "2d
Do prefd 187 assmt paid 12%
C C C & St L.... 44 Wabash 8
Do prefd So Do prefd 23
Del & Hudson ...106 Wheel & L E 4th
Del L & \V 14!) assmt paid .' 5%
Del & X 0 16% Do prefd. • 4th
Do prefd 66% assmt paid 26%
Erie new 14% Express Companies-
Do Ist prefd...... 374 Adams Ex 108
Ft Wayne 175 American Ex 145
(it Nor pr^fd 139 United States 50
flocking Valley .. 3% Wells Fargo 125
Illinois Cent 113 1 - Miscellaneous—
Lake Erie & W.T. ISVi A Cot Oil 3314
Do prefd 63 Do prefd 88
Lake Shore 200% Amn Spirits 12%
Louis At Nash 64V. Do prefd 36
Manhattan 1., 974 Am Tobacco 140%
Met St Ry 190% Do prefd ........128
Mich Cent 112 Cons Gas 190%
Minn & St L 29>; Com Cable Co 175
Do Ist prefd 97}4 Pol F & Iron 25%
Mo Pacific 434 Do prefd 81
Mobile & Ohio 30 Gen Electric 93%
Mo X & T 13% Haw Coml Co 53
Do prefd 37% Intnl Paper 58%
X J Central 92 | Do prefd .. 91%
N V Central 123% Laclede Gas 52
N V Chi & St L.. 14 : Lead 37 ' i
Do Ist prefd 70 Do j>refd 114
Do 2d prefd 37 Nat Lin Oil 8%
Nor West 16%. Pacific Mall 41",
No Amer Co 6% People"s Gas 109%
No Pacific 4l&(, Pullman Pal ......14514
Do prefd 76% Oliver Cert 59%
Ontario & "VV 17% standard R & T. 54
Or X & \av 52 Sugar 124%
Or Short Line 37 T C A Iron 34
Pac Coast Ist pfd. Sl4 Do prefd .... 1114
Do 2d prefd...... 62% U S Leather 6'
Flttsburg 172 Do prefd 69%
Reading 19% U S Rubber 43%
Do Ist prefd 47% I Do prefd 110%
R d W 26 jWest Union .'. »4>i
Do prefd 65 Fed Steel Co 3774
Rock Island lt»% Do prefd ... ; 79Ti
6t Paul 1164; Brooklyn R T '. 73
Do prefd ....'....164%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new ♦« reg...-.125% N J C us .. 114%
Do coup 12S»J N Carolina 65...;. .125
VS 4s 111% Do 4s 104
Do coup 112% No Pac lsts 117%
Do 2ds 99% Do 3s 6914
X' Sss reg 112% Do 4s ..102
Do 5s coup 112% N T C & St L 45. .106%
District 3.65s 11l Nor &W 6s 127
Ala class A MS Northwestern con. 143
DoB 108 Do deb 55........ 125
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency 100 O Nay 4s 99%
Atchlson 4s 99% O S Line 6s tr....129%
Do adj 4s 77% O S Line 5s tr.... 110%
Can So 2ds 110% Pacific 6s of 95. ...102%
C & O 4%s 90% Reading 4s 86%
Chi Term 4s 94% R G W lsts 92
C fz Ohio 6s 117% St L & I M con 65. 103%
C II & D 4%* 101% St L & S F gen 65. 1244
D& R G 15t5...... 110 St P C0n ........... 162%
D & B G 45.. 100% St P C & P 1et5. .120%
East Term 15t5....-107U Do 55..... 110%
Erie Gen 4s 7.i i So Ry 65... 105
F W & D lsts tr.. Si', Stand It & T 65.... 82
Gen Elec 5s 107% Term new set 35... 95 .
G H & S A 6s 107 Tex Pac L Q lsts. llo
Do 2ds 103 • Do Rr 2dK 117%
H & T C 55..:.... ..11 l Union Pac 45..... 102%
Do con 6s 11l UPD & G lsts.... 87%
lowa C lsts 106. Wab Ist 5s ....113
La new con 45.... .107%| Do 2d5..i... ...... 94%.
L & N Unl 48 97%iW Shore 4» ....112%
Missouri 6s 100 IVa Centuries 83
M X & T 2ds 67 ! Do deferred 7%
Do 4s 90%|Wla Cent Ists 62 li
N V Central Ists.. ll7V
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ir. Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 12 Ophir 55
Con Cal * Va 1 10 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 1 23
Gould & Curry 23 Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcross.. 1 .'io Sierra Nevada 83
Homestako 50 0" Standard 175
Iron Silver 72 Yellow Jacket 15
Mexican 26
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel IP6
Call loans 2-S3 Gen Elec prefd 15S
Time loans 3tjr4 Atch prefd sC"fc
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch Top & St Fe. 184 Atchison 4s 98
Aracr Sugar 1244{ General Elec 5s 10SU
Do prefd 111% Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas 2% Allouez Mm Co 5
Bell Tel 277 Atlantic 31
Boston « Albany.. 24B Boston & Mont 28014
Boston & Maine... 170 Butte & Boston 6«H
Boston L 83 Calumet & Hec!a..6l'i
Chi Bur & Q 12114 Centennial 25*
Fitchnurg 107 Franklin 17< a
Gen KWtrlr 93H Old Dominion 32
Mexican Central.. 6^ Osoeola 70
N V & N Eng 97 ,Qulncy 133
Old Colony l r '7 Tamarack 170
Or Short Line 374 Wolverine 31%
Rubber 42>i Parrnt 2-<\
Union Pac 3s» 4 Humboldt 34
West End S9 Union Land 114
Westing!! Elec 39% Adventure Si
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK, Dec. IS. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were quiet and firm to
day. Americansfluctuated within narrow limits.
They opened hard, the smaller stocks being
bought and New York sold slightly. They
hardened finally in sympathy with I'nion Pa
cific, which was bought from New York.
Spanish bonds reached 43*4 on the announce
ment that the Cuban coupon will be paid In
full.
Money was easier after the settlement.
Gold was weaker, 77s iu_.d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dee. 16— Canadian Pacific, 87"*;
Grand Trunk, 7V Bar silver, steady, 27 9-16 d.
Money, 3 per cent.
FINANCIAL, REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will say: An enormous ag
gregate of transaction in both bonds and
stocks, with an unusually wide range In the
variety of securities traded In, have been ac
companied this week by advances which car
ried prices for a majority of the Stock Ex
change lists to the highest level of the year.
While large speculative Interests have been
active and manipulation has not been lacking,
the most conspicuous developments were the
large influx of public purchasing and the
equally marked buying for European account,
accompanied by great activity and advances
in the American department of the London
market. In many respects the movement was
calculated to brine to mind the so-called
"boom" of 1579-80. the more so because in both
cases a series of exceptionally large credit bal
ances in the foreign trade of the United States,
accompanied by an expansion of general busi
ness and decidedly favorable results as regards
railroad earnings and dividends, furnish the
basil for speculative confidence. In the present
ra=e, however, the conditions, both in thes-?
respects and in regard to the accumulated cap
ital of the country, are deemed so superior to
those upon which previous demonstrations of
confidence were based that some of the most
prominent Individual interests In Wall street
are emphatic in declaring that prices will be
carried to a much higher level. Such views,
in fact, find general credence in financial cir
cles, but at the same time the market, after a
remarkable exhibition of its bullish temper in
the early part of the week, presented the symp
toms of a heavy realizing of profits by profes
sional interests, which to a considerable extent
checked the advance in parts of the list In
which the upward movement had been most
pronounced and diminished the volume of
trading to a considerable extent.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
December 16, with the percentage of increase j
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year.
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York $1,051,469,003 29.1
Boston 134,247,093 20.7
Chicago 116.024,665 13.0
Philadelphia 91.126,798 29.9
St. Louis...., 32.151.150 8.3
PlttFhurg ....' 19,74.1,231 29.2
Baltimore j 26,301, 001 47.9
San Francisco 17.168,944 13.4
Cincinnati 12.656.050 .... 9.1
Kansas City 11,703.296 7.8
New Orleans 11,962.648 .... 10.4
Minneapolis 10,281.708 .... 15.1
Detroit 6,945.247 1.9
Cleveland 8.732.255 14.0
Louisville :... 6/626,497 .... 3.3
Providence 5,7*7.100 .... 8.3
Milwaukee 6,722.669 .... 7.1
St. Paul 6.689.147 11.4
Buffalo 4.649.7 M 1.4 ....
Omaha 6.979,938 28.0
Indianapolis 6,467,952 1.6
Columbus, 0 4,212,400 10.8 ....
Savannah 3,574,955 6.0 ....
Denver 2.765,958 13.5
Hartford 2.406.816 1.0
Richmond 3.046.439 21.3
Memphis 1,758,566 6.0
Washington 2,488.640 11.3
Peoria 2,172. 18.1 ....
Rochester 1.980,330 5.6 ....
New Haven 1.740.789 5.1
Worcester 1,653.815 5.0
Atlanta 1.823,495 .... 1.2
Salt Lake City 2.152.245 30.8
Springfield. Mass... 1,585.458 6.4
Fort Worth 1,863,390 .... 9.5
Portland. Me 1.518.943 14.6
Portland, Or 1,063.069 .... 8.1
St. Joseph 2.379,710 72.0
Los Angeles 2,577,160 12.2
Norfolk 1.292.4.17 38.4
' Syracuse 1.245.933 .... ....
I Dcs Molnes 1,841.867 .... 73.1
I Nashville 1,187.616 7.5
; Wilmington. Del... 826,155 24.7
Fall River 1.084,851 13.5
Scranton 995,627 .... ....
Grand Rapids 1,121,987 4.9
Augusta, Ga 794.119 .... 42.1
Lowell 729.594 10.2
Dayton, O 781,698 12.5 ....
Seattle 1,471.624 33.8 ....
Tacoma R36.59fi 14.3 ....
Spokane 1,197.292 60.0
Sioux City 959,317 35.1 ....
New Bedford 685,249 14.0 ....
Knoxvllle, Term.... 560,219 31.1 ....
Topeka 438,786 .... 24.2
Birmingham 522,778 6.5 ' ....
Wichita 473.210 2.4
Blnghamton 356.000 ' 4.0 ....
Lincoln 521,514 2.9 ....
Lexington. Ky 558,146 46.0 % ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 255,996 14.5
Kalamazoo 309,866 .... ....
Akron 375,200 32.8 ....
Bay City 229,142 2.0 ....
Chattanooga 319.360 9.2 ....
Rockford, 111 251.8KR 12.0 ....
Canton, O 223,900 22.4 ....
Springfield, O 210,176 30.0
Fargo, N. D 673.400 12.5
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 126,982 12.5 :...
Hastings, Neb .... 97,606 .... 6.7
Fremont. Neb .... 111.020 12.2
Davenport 643,276 15.6 ....
Toledo 1.714.399 8.8
•Galveston 7.892. 800 .... 3.2
•Houston 8,696.175 ....
Youngstown 345. 24.1 ....
••Evansvllle 99,246
••Helena-. 800,907
••Macon 466,000 .... ....
••Little Rock 382,562
Totals. U. 8 $1,691,765,208 23.4 ....
Totals outside
New York 610,296,295 14.9 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 15.222.352 37.3
Toronto 11,167,555 34.2 ....
Winnipeg 2,331,289 7.9
Halifax 1,373,340 .... 24.4
Hamilton 779.965 16.7
St. John. N. B 666,541 2.8
••Vancouver 758,206 .... ....
••Victoria 623,559
Totals $ 34,541,062 29.0 77T7
•Not Included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
••Not included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
BRADSTREET 1 REVIEW.
NTTW YORK, Dec. 16.— Bradrtreef s to-mor- |
row will say: Likening the general business j
of the country to that of a watercourse It j
may be authoritatively stated that nearly all
the channels of seasonable trade are at i
the present running full and in some lines of I
business the stream in virtually overflowing. !
Thle is particularly the case in iron and steel, ]
where production and consumptive demand are
alike going on at an unprecedented rate, at a
time, too, when It Is usual to look for quietness J
In this industry. Nothing like the present ac
tivity in this branch of trade has been seen
for years past, if indeed it has ever been
equaled. Advices from all the leading center* |
of iron production are of an exceptionally good i
demand for the crude and manufactured prod- j
ucts and of advancing prices, the unly anxiety |
expressed being that by buyers desiring early i
delivery- Probably never before In the couti- i
try's history has It been possible for an Amer
ican steel company to refuse a profitable order
for rails for foreign account on the plea that
ite mills were already fully occupied so far I
ahead as to preclude Its trying for the busi
ness. Higher prices for plgiron, steel billets, i
soft steel and all sorts of car material are I
reported, while the production of raw material ;
is at its maximum. Shipbuilding, too, con
tributes Its, portion of activity to the Iron trade '
by its urgent calls for material. In other lines .
of business the situation as regards prices is a !
favorable one. notable among the advances re
ported being nearly all the cereals, cotton,
coffee, lumber, copper, lead and a variety of
other less prominent staples. Following the
THE SAjN" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1898.
slight recession shown in wheat values of last
week an improved demand for export has again
developed, which is evidence of the fact that
stories of keen competition from Argentina
and Russian have been more or less discounted,
the United States remaining, as for some time
past, the principal source of supply of the
world. Increased interest Is being taken In
cotton at the advanced price. Seasonable quiet
ness Is reported In the lumber trade, but prices
retain all their old strength and an active de
mand is looked for with the turn of the year.
Holiday trade is reported extremely active at
I most markets. The country's export trade is
of the largest volume ever known, that for
November surpassing the total for December
a year ago. with the indications favoring a
total trade for the calendar year at least one
sixth larger than a year ago and our sales
abroad aggregating two dollars for every dol
lars worth we buy.
Wheat (including flour) shipments for the
week aggregate 8,067,625 bushels. Portland. Me.,
not received, against 6,868,962 bushels last week.
4,604,899 bushels In the corresponding week of
3597, 2.056.343 bushels in 1K95 and 3.354,336 bush
els in 1894. Since July 1, this year, the ex
ports of wheat aggregate 109.043.179 bushels,
against 11R.509.097 bushels last year.
Business failures are about normal, number-
Ing 233 for the week, against 237 last week, 253
in this week a year ago. 359 !n 1596. 355 lit 189'
and 329 in 1884. Business failures for the week
In the Dominion of Canada number 32, against
29 last week, 43 In this week a year ago, 33
in 1596. 42 in 1896 and 24 in 1894.
DUN'S RKVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Deo. 16.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will Bay:
December Is adding a surprising close to the
most, surprising year of American history. No
vember surpassed all other months of the cen
tury In volume of business and production, and
thus far December is doing even better In pay
ments through clearing houses, In railroad
earnings, In foreign trade, in output of plglron,
In activity and strength of securities.
But that Is saying a great deal, for In all
these and other tests November was far the
best month In American financial history. De
cember began with a pigiron output of 235,
tons weekly, against 225.935 November 1. and
with stocks of unsold iron diminished 18,988
tons In November, which Indicates a consump
tion of 1.024,313 tons during the month. Not
only Is the output the greatest ever known, but
It has increased 22 1 per cent since 1892. which
developed the greatest monthly record then
ever known— Bessemer pig was then selling for
$14 75 at Pittsburgh, but until the middle of
November sold at $10 10 this year. It has since
risen with enormous demand and sales to $10 no
there, with gray forge $9 35, but the Chicago
market Is also strong with sales of 100,000 tons,
besides 25,000 tons of billets, which had risen
at Plttsburg with big transactions to $16. With
scarcity of plglron feared, both East and West,
there is as yet no rise whatever In finished
product, although the demand Is far beyond all
production. Steel rails are quoted at $17 per
ton at the East, although the Lackawanna
Company has taken orders for 100.000 tons at
the West, both the Plttsburg and Chicago
works being sold far ahead, and bids for 32.000
tons for Australia are to be opened to-day,
while Chicago has pending a bid for 200.
tons deliverable in two years in Asiatic Russia.
In other lines the demand for finished products
is of surprising magnitude, especially in plates
and In sheets." ".!-->.
The woolen industry also comes to the front
with very extensive purchases of woo! by large
houses and small, helped by material con
cessions nt Boston, so that sales at the three
chief markets have been 17,!>65,700 pounds, of
which 13.860,200 were domestic, against 15.307,
100 pounds last year, of which 7.443,000 were do
mestic, and 16.504,100 in the same weeks of
1892, of which 12.399.60 i) were domestic.
The transactions show a demand fairly up to
that of the most prosperous years heretofore.
Philadelphia has good business, but seems in
clined to ask 2 cents more than Boston prices
for fine fleece. Ohio XX being offered at Boston
for 26% cents. A much Improved demand for
goods has started many mills long Idle, and
the prospect for the next season, with wool
at more reasonable prices, has decidedly im
proved.
The exports of wheat continued heavy, from
Atlantic ports, flour included, 5,492,692 bushels,
against 2,588,805 bushels last year, and from
Pacific ports 741,991 bushels, against 1.520,612
bushels last year, so that for two weeks the
outgo has been 11,871,640 bushels, against 9,401.
'.:. last year. As the wheat output In December
of last year was close to the largest on record,
the returns this year show a really surprising
gain. While prices have been 3 cents stronger
for cash, the Western receipts for two weeks
of December have been about 6,000,000 bushels
greater than last year. ■ •.
The corn movement is the most astonishing
feature of the business, the exports for three
weeks have been 7,187.302 bushels, against
6,326,894 bushels last year, and the price has
advanced 1 cent for the week. Should such a
demand for American corn continue it would
be of enormous value to Western farmers.
Failures for the week have been 261 in the
United States, against 329 last year, and 31 In
Canada, against 28 last year.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16— FLOUR— Receipts,
122,200; exports, 39,345; fairly active and
Ftrontrer.
WHEAT— Receipts, 39.775; exports. 153.555;
Fpnt firm. No. 2 red, Ti%c, f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened firm and showed remarkable
strength all day in response to heavy cover
ing, particularly by foreign houses. Liverpool
cables were very strong. Argentine news con
tinued bullish and outside trade showed im
provement. The close was unsettled under late
realizing, but •V 4 'rilc net higher. December, 73
Q74KC, closed 74c; March, 74-%<575?ic, closed
HOPS— Quiet.
METALS— At the close plglron warrants were
quiet but firmer: $7 37.4, nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Firmer, with $12 80 bid and
$12 90 asked.
TlN— Quiet but firm, with $17 93 bid and $18 03
asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $3 75 bid and $3 77. asked.
SPELTER— Spot, unchanged; futures, easier,
with $5 25 bid and $"> 35 asked.
The firm naming the settling price for lead
ing miners and smelters at the West quotes
lead $3 55 and copper $12 75.
COFFEE— closed easy, with prices
5 points net lower. Sales 15,500 bags, includ
ing December $5 15, January $5 75, February
$5 80, March $6 90©5 95, May $6.
Spot — firm. No. 7 invoice, fi'i'!i'6"<,c; No.
7 Jobbing, 7Vi@7%c. Mild, firm. Cordova, 7%@
15c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, 3%@
3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses,
3^.c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts. 3246 package*: firm.
Western creamery, 15@21c; El gins, 21c; factory,
12^14c.
EGOS— Receipts, 5079 packages; firm. West
ern, 26c; Southern, 22@25c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— California dried fruits,
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7@Bc;
prime wire tray. S^c; choice, 9©9i4c; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES I W%C.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Moorpark, 14<f?nc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 3%®12'/4c; peeled, 18®
20c.
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET.
CHICAGO. Dec. 16.— Wheat opened very
lively and buoyant. Buyers and sellers were
both very numerous, but the confidence of the
buyers was the more evident. Prices started
HiH.'ic o\-er yesterday's closing:, with May at
67% c. One or two sales were made at C7c,
and then, under lar^e purcnoses. May ad
vanced to 67% c. All the English markets
showed sharp advances, Liverpool being up
%(qIA, and London Id. Hail was reported to
have badly damaged the Argentine crop in
Fome sections. On the other hand Northwest
advices were rather bearish. The Northwest
sold quite heavily In this market all day and
sent predictions of continued large receipts.
California reported continued rains of inestim
able value to the crop. Buying halted to some
extent after May had reached 67% c. and realiz
ing became quite heavy, prices reacting for a
short time to 674 c. But before 11 o'clock, the
market was booming again, and this time the
demand did not let up until near the close.
Late cables showed still further advances In
foreign markets. The great strength of the
Liverpool market was the big factor. Trade
broadened out materially as the session ad
vanced, and this in itself alarmed the shorts
end caused heavy buying by that class of
traders. Before 12:30 o'clock, the price of May
hnd risen to 6S%c. Previous to that time realiz
ing had again set in. Longs with wheat show
ing good profits took advantage of the strength
of the market. This selling finally became too
heavy for prices to stand up under, nml In
the last half hour quotations broke sharply.
May finally sold down to C7%c, closing fairly
steady at that figure.
Corn was strong early, with much buying
by outside shorts and local longs. The boom
in wheat was the principal influence. "U'hfn
wheat broke late in the day, corn became
weak, longs being heavy sellers, and n<-w short
lines were also put out. The market closed
rather nervous, with about all the advance
lost.
Oats were rather dull, relatively, and price
changes narrow. May closed unchanged.
Provisions were moderately active. Pack
ers were free sellers all day and there was
another large run on hogs. As a result, the
market. In spite of the strengtn of grain, was
j rather weak. There was good deal of pro
! fit-taking by longs on all the hard spots. At
the close May pork was 24c lower; lard, 2U®
I 5c lower; ribs. 24c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clots '
Wheat No. >— . '•
December . . V . 66% 66% 63% 66%
May..... "67& .68*4 67 67%
July 65% 66% 63% 66%
Cum No. 2— •,-••■ .
December 83% 34% 33% 3414
May 35% 35% 35 35
July 35% 35% 35% • 36%
Oats No. 2— .
December 26% 26% 26% 26%
May :...... 26% 27 26% . 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel— .
January ....9 37% . 9 42V4 985 935
May .................9 70 970 '9 60 9 62%
' Lard, per 100 ■ pounds-
January ............5 17% 5 17% 510 5 10-
May .........5 37% 5 37% 5 32% 5 32%
- Short Ribs, per 100 pounds- ■-■
January . ......;.. ..4 70 ;470 ; 4 62% 465
May . .....-:.:...... .4 87% ;:-.A 57% 4 80. "- 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows: '
Flour, steadier; No. 3 spring wheat, 63%@66c;
No. 2 red, 6S'S'69c; No. 2 corn, 34* i; Nn. 2 oats,
2714 c: No. 3 white. 2< ! Si's29i 2 c; No. 2 rye, 55ttc;
No. 2 barley f. o b., 4K(i49c; No. 1 flax seed.
SI r>4>*; prime timothy seed. $2 27' 2 fj2 30; mess
pork, per barrel, S8 1098 16; lard, per 100
pounds $5 O2',s@s 12 1 -: short ribs sides (loose).
|4 S6£M 78 : dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4V<
4%c; short clear sides (boxed), 34 82H@-t 86;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per sal. $1
F
\V
Ci
' >
R
B
I Re- I Shlp-
ARTICLES— celpts. Iments.
"lour, barrels " 21.000 i 42,000
bushels 231.000 | 91,000
'orn, bushels 315.000 118.000
)ats, bushels 391,000 I 133,000
tye, bushels /. 25,000 10.000
Jarley, bushels 96,000 | 17.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; Creameries. 145J20c; Dai
ries. 13<??lSe. Cheese, steady, S?4@IOM:C. Eggs,
easy; fresh, 21@21%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— ; Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ;,02,320 34,020
Duluth
Milwaukee 107,900 27,950
Chicago 230.750 91,188
Toledo 25.514 4,000
St. L0ui5........... 20.000 50,003
Detroit :. 13.509 • 4.707
Kansas City 74,500 23,000
Totals .'....
Tidewater-
Boston 102.131 '
New York 39,773 173,fir.S
Philadelphia 13,806 3,0<!4
Baltimore 96.265 56.000
New Orleans
Galveston 99.876 28,000
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening & 10% 6 9% 5 714
Closing 5 11% 5 10>4 5 1%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour-
Opening 44 80 44 40
Closing 44 95 44 50
Wheat— .
Opening 20 20 20 65
Closing 20 30 20 85
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 16.— CATTLE— Prices no par
ticular change. Fed steers, $3 80@5 75 for In
ferior to fancy,' greater part.' $4 50@5 50;
Christmas beeves, $5 40@6 20; Texas cattle,
$3 25(??4 70; fed Western steers, $3 80@5 20;
stockers and feeders, $3 So@4 25.
Hogs were steady at yesterday's decline,
hops selling at an extreme range of $3 15@3 42' A,
chiefly at $3 30<!?3 35; pigs, $3(5?3 25.
Sheep and lambs were strong. A sale of
prime lambs was made at $5 50, the top price
of the week. Prices ranged down to $3 75@4
for Inferior lambs. Yearlings. $4 15<fi4 50. and
sheep. $2 50@4 10; chiefly at $3 35@4 10 for fed
Westerns. " : .% • .
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; hogs. 37.000; sheep, 7000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts.
6000; market steady. Native steers, $2 85©5 25;
Texas steers, $3 25^4 40; Texas cows, $2@3;
native cows and heifers. $1 2.v<i4 35: stackers
and feeders, $2 73@4 36; bulls. $2 75i??3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 18,000; market weak to Be
lower: slow. Bulk of sales, $3 25^3 32%; heav
ies, $3 2.".f; 3 37%; packers. $3 20(5-3 35; mixed.
$3 20®>3 32%; lights. $3 15®3 23; yorkers, $320*3'
3 35; pigs, $3ff?3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, loon; market strong.
Lambs, $3 Bo@s 35; muttons, $2^4 75.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. IB.— CATTLE— P.eoeiptp. loon;
market steady. Native beef steers, MT?S 80;
Western steers. $3 7004 30: Texas steers. $3 800
4; cows and heifers, $." Vifii 10; Btockers' and
feeders, S3 25(ff4 40; calve:-. It 6008 75; bulls,
stags, etc., $2 2583 85.
HOGS— Receipts, in.ooo. Market chade to Be
higher. He aV y. S3 2503 60; mixed. $3 17%ffi3 30;
light. S3 .Wr,3 35; pics. $303 25; bulk of sales,
S3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. W0; market steady. Na
tive muttons. $s bo@4 40; Westerns, S3 40(54 10;
Btockers, $2 60<g3 70: lambs, $4<frs 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200;
market nulet and steady, Beef steers, $3 60Q
4 25: cows. T2 60@3 2:>: feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 6094; Btockers, freight paid, $3 7.V<i4 15;
bulls, stags, etc. Si 7692 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 600; market active to 10c
higher. Light packers. $3 (601 40; mixed, J3 30
(<t 3 r. : heavy, $3 2603 30
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
EASTERN ORANGE MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Deo. 18.— The Journal of Com
merce pays: The situation In oranges is some
what unsettled. Recent liberal arrivals of
Jamaica?, offering at comparatively low prices,
have filled up most of the largo buyers and
the movement at present is moderate In view
of the fact that a considerable part of the
receipts of Jnmnlcas of late have shown poor
quality the market for repacked fruit at pres
ent Is firm on all sound shipping stock, but
buyers are making purchases sparingly, In
view of the prospect of lower nrices next week
on the arrival of considerable quantities now
afloat or loading.
Arrivals of Sicily fruit so far have been
small, but are about the same as a year ago.
Hardly enough luis come forward as yet to
have had an Appreciable influence on the or
ange market. Florida oranges have been com
ing forward quite freely of late, but have
found a fairly ready outlet Into consumption at
satisfactory prices. Advices Just received from
Florida indicate that the crop will be much
smaller than was expected. th» dry weather
and high winds prevailing of [ate, particularly
In the southern growing districts of the penin
sula, having caused a heavy drop. Buyers
here, however, take at present only what Is
needed for Immediate use, and In view of the
competition of other varieties holders find it
difficult to get better prices than tho?e hereto
fore prevailing. The movement In California
oranges has so far been very satisfactory, and
though there lin.«i been a good deal of com
plaint of immature fruit the prices obtained
have been about up to the average for a cor
responding period of a year ago. Shipments
to date from the coast have been only about
one-half of those for the same period last
year, and notwithstanding the objections made
that the fruit has been light colored and lack-
Ing in sweetness most receivers claim that the
average quality of the stock received here has
been better than that sent forward to a cor
rsponding time In 1597.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Pee. 16.— Consols. 110V4: Mlver,
27 9-lRd; French rentes, 102f 7Vfce: wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage,
Fellers at advance 3<?i6d; English country mar
kets, -weak.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. !«.— WHEAT— Firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3>fed.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 1 red northern spring:, firm;
6s Hd.
CORN— Futures steady. December, Ss 10^d;
March, 3s BVid.
PORTLAND'S BX^SINESS.
PORTLAND, Or, Dec. 16.— Exchanges, $300,
536; balances. $55,r,C4.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Dee. 16.— There wm a lit
tle more life In the local wheat market to-daY,
the Improved condition of the Eastern mar
kets together with an advance In Liverpool
options bought steadying the market up some
what. Walla Walla was quoted as high as
58% C and Valley was In better demand at
60061 c. Blueatetn was Fteady at 62c.
Cleared— French bark General Dec Charette
for Capetown, with 113. 12S bushels wheat; Brit
ish ship Matterhorn for Queenstown, with i 09
,-333 bushels wheat.
Wheat shipments from Portland for the week
ending to-day were 433.243 bushels.
TACOMA, Wash.. Dec. 16.— WHEAT—
Club, 69c; bluestem, 62@62V4c.
»
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — - $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — ■4 8S v
Sterling Cables .:..... — 4 83%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic... — 17^
Fine Silver, per ounce .'... — ;. 59%
Mexican Dollars. —'_ , 47Vk
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
• WHEAT— After long weeks of Inanition the
market shows more life, owing ■to reported
damage to the Argentine crop, and prices are
higher, ! both on and off call. Lack of . local
stock, however, prevents any activity in the
spot market. , .- ■' ' '. .
Spot Shipping, , $1 15@1 l"He milling,
$1 20@l 2214.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 2ooo
ctls. $1 13; 56.000. $1 19 1*:1 *: 2000, $1 li,^; 4000,
uisv&. ■ ■ ■■■■ ■ '■'•■ ■
Second May— 2ooo ctls, $1 19H; 10,000.
SI 19%; 12,000, 11 19%; 20,000, $1 19%; 44,000,
II 19V4. - - >■ ' ■ ■. ' ■
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
II 19H; 32.000. 11 IS; 12.000, $1 18%; 4000, $1 18%.
Afternoon Session— May— lß,ooo ctls. $1 18%;
32,000, $1 IS%'; 68,000, $1 IS%. December— 2000,
|1 14; 6000. $1 MH< ■-■ > : ' :
BARLEY— The market I showed ' more tone,
though business continued dull.
Feed, :II 27%@1 30; Brewing, 11 35@1 45 per
ctl. •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock — December —
ctls, . II 314; 2000, |1 31%. . !
Second Session — sales.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls. II 31V.. > .. . . ■ :
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— ctls,
96Hc. December-2000, II 31; 4000, 11 30%.
OATS— ; advanced views , of holders pre
vents business. ,
Fancy Feed, ■', II 27H@1 80 per ■; cil; good
to choice, $1 22H@1 25: common. $1 20;
Surprise. Jl 35@1 42^: Gray, t! 20@l 22^: mill
ing, $1 25@1 30 per ctl; Red, $1 40@l tt%; Black.
$1 6091 70.
CORN— Receipts from the East are larger,
but they are needed, as the market has been
well cleaned up for some little time.
Small round yellow. $1 151J1 17Vi: Eastern
large yellow. $1 lOiffl 12.: white, $1 10® 1 12V4;
mixed, $1 07Vi per ctl; California white, $1 12V»
m 15.
RYE— C^ii'Oinla $1 17'4@1 20; Eastern. $1 15
per et!
3UCKWHEAT-IS nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
The Hupeh took out for China 9655 barrels
of Flour.
FLOUR— Family extras. $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 2503 50: Buckwheat
Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
$4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 Ss@6 25: in sacks, $5 Cs@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. ..„ : •:.'•'
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay marjtet showed more tone, though
there was no advance.
There were heavy arrivals of Bran from
Oregon. ''7-'-
BRAN— sl3@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9®2O 50 per ton.
FKF.nSTVFFS— RoIIed liarley. $26 50-327 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50: Job
bing, $:;:;i"/j:i2 SO; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2S@3O per ton: Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 GO; Cracked Corn. $24#25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 Bo®lß for
good to choice and $14©16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. $1512:16 50;
Oat, $14@15 50; Island Barley. $11@14; Alfalfa,
$11@12 50: Stock. $ll@12; Cover, nominal. >
OUTSID3 HAT— Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13 Sr.fgii:,: ■ Chont.
$11 75i812 7;': Alfalfa. $10@10 50; Oat. $13 50®15;
Clover. $11 50@12; Timothy. $11 50@13 per ton.
1 STRAW— 3S(&7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are dull and the trade look for no
activity until after the turn of the year.
The only change In Seeds Is a slight decline
In Alfalfa.
BEANS— Bayos, $2©2 10; . Small Whites.
$2 15^2 20; Large Whites. %i 70@l 90; Pinks.
J2JT2 10; Reds. $3 15@3 25: Hlackeye. $1 7=»4f4.
Butters, $2@2 50; Limas, $3 25@3 30; Pea, $2 3C@
2 50:. Red Kidneys. $2 40^2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50(ff4 75 per ctl;
yellow Murtard.- $4 25; Flax. $2«2 25: Canary
Seed, 2»4®2»ic per lb: Alfalfa, 5%@6%c; Rape,
21/ i©2 1 / i©2 a ic: Hemp. 2H©3c; Timothy, s(&)s^sc.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 5001 75; Green. $1 75
©1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There was a sudden advance In Potatoes,
owing to the arrival of considerable frozen
stock from the river and Oregon, which cuts
down the supply of good stock Just so much.
Onions also did better.
Vegetables are dull.
POTATOES— SO<?i6Sc per ctl for Early Rose;
sO(S<»oc per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Bui-banks. : Oregon. 85ci@$l 25: Sweet Pota
toes, 50@60c for Nearby and $1 2o@l 35 for Mer
ced: .New Potatoes, IH@2%C per lb.
ONIONS— SO@BSc per ctl. ■<■<'"'- '•
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 6c: String
Beans, 6@7c: Cabbage. 405?50c; Tomatoes, 23.y>
50c for Bay and 50c<gtl for LO3 Angeles; Egg
Plant, 10@12c per lb: Garlic. 7@Bc per lb; Dried
Okra, 15c per lb; Green Peppers. 4@sc per lh;
Dried Peppers. 10@15c; Marrowfat Squash, IS
©10 per ton; Carrots. 25'53ic per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There have been six cam of Poultry from the
East this week and the mar Vet is depressed in
consequence. Turkeys are better cleaned up,
but are still dull. '•*".,,
Game is firmer.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 12%©15 c; live
Turkeys, 12}£<314c for Gobblers and 12@14c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings.
$1 6001 75: Ducks. $4@6 BO for old and $4 bOtfp
6 50 for young; Hens. $3 50(5?4 50; young Roos
ters, $4©4 50; old Roosters. $4; Fryers, $t;
Broilers, $4- for large, $3®3 50 for small;
Pigeons, $lt? 1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50®
2 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25@1 50; Mallard. $3@4; Can
vasback, Jeff 10; Sprig, $2<S2 25; Teal, $I@l 25;
Widgeon, $1 2691 50; Small Duck. $1 2:.; English
Fnlpe. $2: Jack Snipe. $I©l 25; Gray Geese, $2 50
(S3; White Geese. $1 25; Brant. $1 50@l 75: Hon
kers. $3<?i4 50; Hare, 75c(?$l; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50
for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese In a fraction better and firm.
Fine Egrcs are firm and will bring the top
quotation.
Dairy Butter Is bringing a small advance.
BUTTER— • '*y-;
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 29@30c: sec
onds, 2Sc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 25'Jf27c; common
grades, lS@24e.
Pickled Goods— 17@18c; pickled roll.
17@18c for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22(fj22 1 4c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16@16%0 per
lb: Elk-in. 22©22% c.
CHEESE— Choice mild. new, 12@12V4c; old, 10
@llc: Cream Cheddar. i2«l2Vic; Young Amer
ica, 12(5 13c; Eastern. 12f;13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, S4(f?36c per dozen; sec
onds, 27%6'32%c; Eastern, 22&@25c for ordi
nary and 2S@3oc for fancy. .;_-
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market Is heavily overstocked with
Oranges and Lemons and prices are lower all
around. Limes are also dull and weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— >
Cranberries, $7 50@9 per barrel for East
ern and $l?jl 50 per box .for Coos- Bay.
. Apples, 35<ij60c for common, 75c©$l per box
for No. 1 and SI 2501 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples. $1250175; Spltzenberps, In barrels, $3@S.
Pear? — 25 per box. ; *- .
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I@2 50 per
box: Seedlings. 7;">cfisl 50; Mandarins, 1101 50;
Lemons, 7."ic!?isl 50 lor common and S2@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 50<Ti4; Cali
fornia Limes, 25@75c per small box; Grape
Fruit, $1 50@3 50; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, *3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market for all kinds Is dull and dealers
expect no Improvement at present.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 6Hc for 40-50's, 4ft@
Be for 60-60' 3%@3%c for 60-70's. 2%@'3c for
70-80' s. 2Vi@2^c for 80-90' s. 2c for 90-100' s and
lV4@l%c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2^®sc-
Peaches, 6@7%c for good to choice, 7%@Bc for I
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c I
for Royals and 12®12Hc for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples. 7V4<i?7Hc; sun dried. 4®4\4c; Black
Figs, sacks, 2<&2>-ic; Plums, 4%@6c for pitted
and l@l%c for unpltted; Nectarines, 6@7c for
prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Sc for quarters and
|B9c for halves.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown, 6%<J?6^e for Seed
less Sultanas. 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2«ffl3c
NUTS— Chestnuts. S@l2Wc per lb; Walnuts"
6<&7c for hardshell, 9®loc for softshell; Al
monds. 6@7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell, 14®
15c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 6(g)7c for Eastern
and 4V4ftfsc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 5005
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water. white extracted, 6HO
7c; lieht amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@s^o
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The only description showing any life is
Lard, which Is firm. '
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7Hc per lb for
heavy, 8c 'for light medium, 10c for light, 10%0
for extra light and 12@12 1 /4 c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10V4c; California
Hams, 9V4@9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50(2}
16; Smoked Beef, lli&@l2c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted ■at 5V4c per lb for
compound and 7(S7'ic for pure: half-barrels
pure. 77 l 2 c; 10-lb tins, 7%c; 5-lb tins, Be.
COTTOLKNE— Tierces, 6V<f6Vsc; - packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, B0 In a case. 9Hc;
8-lb pails, 20 In a case, S%c: 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case, B%c: 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, $%c; 60-1
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, SV«c; fancy tubs, ,80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are quiet, and the expected advance In
the East did not take place. There is nothing
new. In Wool and Hops. '
HIDES AND ; SKINS— CuIIs ; and brands sell
abour lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. S#c; light, 8c; Cowhides,
fee; Stags, 6c; Salted ' Kip, Sc; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands. 12c; dry
Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@25c each; short . wool. .- SMMOc
 each; medium. 60@80c; long ■• wool. 90c@ll 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 for large and
75c for small; Colt«. 50c; Horse Hides, dry. $1 50
for large and 50c@|l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%@3%c per lb;
No. 2. refined. 4%@5c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months'. ?@9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months'. B®9c; Foothill and Northern, free, U
<gl4c: Foothill and Northern, defective. 9<8)llc:
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@15c; Nevada, 9®
lie: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c. ••' . .
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9511
Northern Mountain ...:.;;t;...v; 70 8
Southern ." .....;...... 6© 7'/i
Plains ............. .........:r...-......:...;... 5® t,
HOPS— crop. 12U©14c per lb for ordinary.
14 1 -i@ls l for good and 16®18c for choice to
fancy. .'~v'.\
6AN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices for all kinds remain about as before.
The market Is quiet and sufficiently supplied
for the prepfnt.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as fallows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; second quality, «c;
third quality, 4H@5V4c. •:
■: VEAL— Large, «V4«7%c: r small. fi»4<gßc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 7c ■•..
LAMB— per lb. ..-;■•..-. -,
POUK— Live Hogs, 4o for large. 4%0 for m©
• ■- ,' "; ;,-■■ . im ' : , : .v- ..;,':■'-■'"■,,■ -'.^ ■"•■' ■ ■■ " ;f ' ":■ _'
dlutn, and S^@3V4c for small; stock Hoga. 2HO
3c; dreesed Hogs. 6fc6V*c for prime.
GENKRAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4 7 i<g5c; Wool Bags. 26®2Sc: San
Quentln Bags, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling- |
ton, $S; SouthneJd Wellington. $7 50: Seattle,
tt>; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. V 50:
Scotch. $S: Cumberland. $8 SOS'S In bulk and $10
SlO 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. [
$14; Cannt-1, JS 50 per ton; Rock Springs, and I
Castle Gate. $; 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk
and $14 In sacks. • . . .
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been four deliveries of coal from
Oregon, with 1615 tons; three from Washing
ton. 10.500 tons; three from British Columbia, j
9493 tons: two from Swansea. 4041 tons; total, I
25.649 tons. This is a very light week's receipt '
of coal at this season, as the quantity con- ;
sumed will greatly exceed this amount, and !
the late storms • will materially Increase the I
'usual amount burnt. The result will be the
engagement of all vessels suitable for the !
transportation of fuel from all our Coast mines. I
For the present sailers are not plentiful, as '
they . are nearly all off the Coast on foreign I
business. Still there should be sufficient steam i
tonnage to meet our Immediate wants. Since j
my last we have had a most propitious rain
fall, lacking somewhat in quantity, yet cover- !
ing a large area of country where most needed, |
and the prospects are most encouraging for a !
repetition very shortly. Three inches more of !
rain within the next twenty days will be fol- j
lowed by ship owners offering to carry coal :
from Australia and Europe at a decline from
present asking figures. If we can only demon
strate to • them that their property will find
profitable employment after arrival here, they :
will gladly come. / It Is many years since that
so small an amount of foreign coal will be de- |
livered here in December, as it is more than I
probable that not over five foreign cargoes |
will arrive here before New Years."
RlCE— China mixed, $3 95@4: China. No. 1.
$4 ,r.o@4, r .o@4 90; extra do, $5@5 35; Hawaiian. $5 50;
Japan, $5* 12V2<Jf5 50; Louisiana. 15 50@6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, t>%e; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated. a'Vlc: Confec
tioners' A, b\c: California A, 5Hc; Magnolia A,
fi%c; Extra C. 4 c: Golden C. sM>c: half-barrels.
%c more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or lta
equivalent.
WINE— A sale of R. 000,000 gallons of red Wine
at 12%fi?15c per gallon Is reported. This Is a
pretty large transaction.
: LUMBER— The Xordlysett takes for Mel
bourne 1.132.000 feet of Lumber and 3314 bundles
of Doorstock.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Friday, December 16.
j Flour, qr sks.... 3,415 Pelts, Mis 30
Barley, ctls ..... 8,536 Hides. No 667
Butter, ctls 179 Raisins, bxs .... 250
Cheese, ctls 20 1 Brandy, gals .... 4.840
Jseans, sks 117i»Vine, gals 77,600
Potatoes, sks ... 4,587 Eggs, doz 5,940
Onions, sks 550 jj rather, rolls .. 142
Bran, sks 1,175 Lumber, feet .... 10,000
Middlings, sks .. 140 Sugar, hags .... 240
Shorts, sks 115 Lime, bbls 135
Wool, bales 2 Paper, reams .... 172
I Hops, bales 30 Hay, tons 359
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks...l 2. 2. 1 Potatoes, sks 1.475
Barley, ctls .... 6,405 Onions, sks 483
Oat#, ctls 1.790 Bran, 6ks 7,972
Wheat, ctls ...... 1,490
, FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter is dearer. Eggs and Cheese remain
about as they were last week.
Poultry has come in freely from the East
during the week and the market Is therefore
well supplied. Game Is rather cheaper. There
is no change In Meats.
Fruits and Vegetables stand about the same.
The summer kinds continue to disappear.
' Following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ ®12 00 Castle Gate.. s9 6051
"Wellington . 010 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington ffi 9 50
ton ®10 00 1 Coos 8ay.... & 7 00
Seattle ..... 8 00© 1
Dairy Produce, etc.— .
Butter, fancy, per I Cheese. Swiss 20023
square — ©60 Common Eggs.. . .3,Va—
Do, per r011.....50ff00 Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good — <245 ; dozen 400—
Pickled 3.'#4oj Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per 1b..— @23 lb 12315
Cheese. Cal — @15 Do, extracted...— @io
Cheese. Eastern.. 15@17 I
Meats, per lb. —
Bacon 12017 Pork, fresh — ©12
Beef, choice 12015 Pork, salt 10&12
Do, good S@lo;Pork, chops — (512
Corned Beef — 8 Round Steak 10i51'»
Ham,' Cal 12%@15j Sirloin Steak "12<&15
Do, Eastern — @15 1 Porterhouse, do. . — <ff2'>
Lard ..; 12@15 Smoked Beef 12@15
Mutton .....10(512 Pork Sausages.. 12Vi«-2'J
Lamb 12@15!Veal .. 10^15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each.... 50® 60| Quail. Pr doz.l 75® —
Young Roost- I Mallard, pair. . "s@i 00
ers, each ... Bo@ 65 Canvasback, pr '
Old Roosters, pair 1 Eo(3' no
each 40© BO Sprig, pr pair. 60®" 75
Fryers, each.. EOO — Teal, pr pair. i(m ' —
Broilers, each. — 40 Widgeon, pair 40® so
Turkeys, pr lb 16© 18 Small Duck... 30® —
Ducks, each... 50® 75 Wild Geese, pr
Geese, each... 1 00® 125 pair 609 60
Pigeons, pair.. 25@ 601 English Snipe.
Rabbits, pair. — ® 401 per doz 2 6003 00
Hare. each.... — @ 20 Jack Snipe.... 1 50® —
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 10i5712l ib 10®—
Apples, lb: 4@ 6 Lemons, do* "2OS? 1 —
Bananas, doz 155820 Limes, doz lO®ls
Cranberries, per Oranges, d0»..."'«5@40
quart 10@15 j Pears, per lb.. <» a
Grapes." per 1b... S@lo| Raisins, 1b.... " 61SIO
Huckleberries, per 1 Walnuts, Ib !l2@is
Vegetables- '
Artichokes, doz.Ss@l 00 Mushrooms, Ib.. 23<S ! wi
Beets, doz U#ls Onions, 1b.... "" ?$, «
Beans, white, lb.. IB '• Potatoes, 1b....." 2® 3
Colored, 1b....... 4@ 5 Do Sweet .'.'.'.'.'.'.' 3© 4
Lima, lb s(B— Parsnips, d0z.... lofi-'o
Cabbage, each.... 5010 Radishes, dz bchslOOl'
Cauliflowers, each nig 10: Sage, doz bnchs 2.".&£
Celery, bunch..... r.®— l String Beans, lb"lO(S12
Cress, doz buchs.2o®2s Thyme, lb.. 20«w
Green Peas. 1b.... 8»1« Turnips. do.-^IK
Lentils, lb :... «ii? 8 Tomatoes, lb.. fid's
Lettuce, doz.. 15@25| ° .. ut» 8
Fish, per lb.— :
Barracuda ........— @— Shrimps Siain
Carp 5@ 6 Shad ........ "I© I
Codfish 10«12 Sea Bass -_®_
Flounders 5@ 6 Smelts "'iswtti
Herring 8010 Soles " slin
Halibut ...— ©l2 Skates, each.. ."' 6«?}o
Klngflsh Tomcod .. "..[.""lol,.
Mackerel .....— Clams, gal —%O0
Do Horse ........@- Do.^hardshell, ioo^OWSO
Perch B@lo Crabs, each 10ai3
Pompano 1 00@ — Do, softshell, d0z.25©33
Rockflsh 10@12 Mussels qt.... 10S12
Salmon, smoked. .2o®— : Oysters, Cal 100*40®—
Salmon, fresh. 15®— !Do. Eastern, d0z25W50
Sturgeon WriV, w .
Read Judge Maguire to Father Torke
full text of his open letter in to-uav's
Star. ■-■■ ':;;^-, •, . '. >■
HOTEL AKBIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Cnsey. Omaha |J P Blanchard, Ls Ang
C Guaranta, Omaha PC Weyer & f N M
Mrs E Plamrmrt, Mont W F Graham & w Cal
C F Carey, Watsonvllle V Sorenson, Mont
L Hoagland, Watsnvll E Maxwell, Seattle
S H Downs. Vallejo D J Smith. Seattle
J McCloary, Stockton R Foley. Taooma
P H Phelan, Toronto J L Watson San Jose
E F Weaver, B C PC Mayford. N T
Mrs Boyle, Sacto M Krnper, Portland
PALACE HOTEL.
M Correau, Cal L Lansen, Stockton
Mrs F Correa. Cal G Hantot, Brussels
D Wheelock. NY M Michaelovsky. Russia
IW E Travis & w, Nev G Bornharcl. Odessa
Mrs W Oolton. Utah G L Seward. Stanford
Miss Colton. I'tah Major F Orupan T'SA
M .T fennel! & w.Butte'C P Echols. 0 8 A
Mr? Krane. Boston H Honton, .Shanghai
Dr I M Mackie. Scotld I,T Moore. Pa
F A Spenee-r & w. Or !W M Chandler, Siberia
V C Punning & w, Or C Kayser, Germany
C T>ang, Chicago T Brown, Rochester
' F W Eldredge, Chicago F A Kenny. Portland
I J B Read. Loa Am? C P Bragg, 1" S A
; F C Anderson. Chicago F H Bartlett, Chicago
!T B Rickey, Carson J W Farwell. Chicago
I fl P Goodman & w.Cal F Stephens™. Oaklnd
C C Copeland Jr.Stanfd'H Levy, New York
J L Qualey, Redwood IV D Black, Salinas
F H Buck & w. VacavllE T Hall, Tacoma
T R Mlnturn. Mlnturnl
GRAND HOTEL. %
W Baird, New York if Morton, Los Ang
H B Benjamin. Cat |E Curtis, Los Ang
A Btevenaon & w, Cal gT White, Arizona
G W Mercer. Cal IF Parker, Los Ang
Mrs V Brown. A'nllejd F Lint, Los Ang
V B Davis, San Jose' i! Castleman. Riverside
F I Callamore. Menlo |O Perkins, Bakersfleld
P Morse. Riverside |X Henry, Fresno
! f \V Sexton. Los Ang X Wald°n, Fresno
(5 Brown, San Jose : fV Lamb, rtlca
1 H Todd, Oakland H Voss, New York
IT carter. Portervllle *> M Jennison & w.Cal
J R Eardley & w. Cal .T F Condon. Nevada
I IV Osgood. Mont J> Fly.m. Sacto
I E R Trlckham, Chico F M Pennlman.FtScott
J Cuslck, Chlco J H Linscott. Cai
P J Crawford, B C .T Curran. Pacto
Mrs S R Slocum, B C ,7 A McTntyre. Sacto
R S I^enhart & W, Can C Mentz. Portland
Mtse Smith. Portland B B Wilson. Stockton
M J Samon & w, Cal G E Hnwkins & w. Cal
W Pike, Fresno Mrs M H Watson. N T
i ti T Smith. Fresno H P Xoyes. N V
j X L Chaddock. Fresno P S Ftp.?l. Plttsburg
F Dodfl. Fresno M V Chunpr. D C
L L Cory & w, Fresno C E Lindsay. Sta Cruz
B T Booze & w. r- a i O Khls. I'tlca
! G A Wentz, Gllroy 3 Triest. Phoenix
M Hodson, FVesno H B Wpillein-. N M
N Russell, Fresno Mrs N P Mitchell. N V
W E Gates. San Jose |W S Hill, Watsnnvllle
E C Burton & w, Colo M D Chamberlain, Cal
E C Hart. Sacto |.T P Merrill. N V
G Turner. Vancouver ,T ,T Lusher. Lansing
P S Hall. Sacto C W Ea?tln. Modesto
F W Grund. Chicago |O Mathews, S Rosa
J Klngsland. N J '
To support candles on Christmas trees
p new holder has been devised, consist
ing of a split tube fitted with a suspjnd
inp hook, and a spring gate at the upper
end of the tube, which shuts over the
candle when nearly burned out to ex
tinguish the flame and prevent the drop
ping of grease.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographln
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, li
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th*
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hnnd
for comparlsoa and reference.' and the latesi
Information can always be obtained regar<!:m,-)<k
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Fcrrv '
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoist.., i •
about ten minutes before noon and dropped -it •
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal r ».
celve'd each day from the United States Slgrui
Observatory. Mnre Island. Cat.
A notice stating whether the ball wa« dropp. \
on time or giving the error, if any. Is publish-!
In the morning papers the following da\v
\\ . S. riL (jxiE?-.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charg*
SUN. MOON AND TID3.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High am! Lm»
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by offictal v,
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abnut
♦ wenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. DECKMBKR 17 .
Sun rises <:2"'
Pun sets ." ■■•• 4 ">3
Moon sets 10:01 p. m
J17...
I Time I Tim
Ft. Ft-
L, W H
I 4.9 8:09 3.0! 1:
n. I 1 n.
IL W!
5.H 8:481-0 S
3::
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ih«>
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th#
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tid»
•nd the last or right hand column gives th« W
last tide of the day. except when there are but J
three tides, as sometimes occur. Th« height*
given are additions to the soundlnirs on tha
Ur.ited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes th« height.
and then the number glvpn is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographie Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal. De
cember lfi. 898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th merldlfln. or at I
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time
W. 8. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
STXAtoERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I Prom. I Due.
Chan. Nelson... Puffet Round ID<?<\ 17
Orizaba [Newport IDec. 17
Titania Nanaimo n<><-. 1;
South Portland. iCoos Bay :Dpc. 17
Queen I Victoria & Puftet Sound|Dec. 18
Pomona 'Humboldt Dec. IS
Alliance '^nwn Ports ! Dec. IS
Samoa Humboldt !Dec. H
Signal Astoria il> ig
Mackinaw 'Taeoma I>p, ig
Arcata (Poos Bay pec. 13
Santa Rosa 'San Diego [Dec. 13
Projrreso Seattle |Dec. 11
North Fork Humboldt !Dec. 2)
Ran Juan Panama Dec. 20
Bristol j'Periarture Bay iDec. 2')
Columbia 'Portland [Dec. 21 l
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 21 w
Mineola iTacoma Dec. 21 *
Chilkat Humboldt Dec. 21
Coos Bay !N»>wport Dec. 21
Walla Walla.... 'Victoria & Pu&et Sound Dec. 23
Corona 'San Diego Dec. 2?
Weeott .Yaqulna Bay Dec. 25
StateCallforniajPortlaml Dec. 2«
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Corona 'san Diego Dec. 17, 11 amjPier 11
L'matllla ..|Vic & Pgt Sd.jDec. 1", 10 ami Pier 9
Curacao ...(Mexico [Dec. 17. 10 am|Pler 11
Chilkat iHumboklt Dec. 17, 2 pm Pier 13
AVeeott !Yaqulna Bay. Dec. 17, 10 am.PW Xi
Aloha Point Arena.. 'De<\ 17, 3 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Portland Dec. 19. 10 am Pier 24
San Jose... \ Panama \ Dec. 19, 12 m'PMSS
Orizaba ....Newport !Pec. 19, 9 am' Pier 11
Pomona ...JHumbnifit i Dec. 20. 2 pmiPlor 9
Santa Roaa'San Diepo [Dec. 21, 11 am Pier 11
Aroata Toos Bay I)ec. 21. 10 anvPi«r 13
City Peking;* "hina& JapanjDpc. 21, 1 pmiPMSi-
C Kelson.. Pu^et Sound.. Deo. 21, 10 amPier 2
Queen Vie & P^t Sd.DPC. 22, 10 am, Pier 9
Coos Bay... [Newport |Dec. 23. 9 am; Pier 11
Columbia ..i Portland iDec. 24, 10 am Pier 24
Signal Grays HartwiHDec. 24 I
Gaelic JChinaS: JapanlDec. 24 ;PMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPI>G INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 16.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 12 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr State of California, Parsons, 68 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 44 hours.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, 20 days 12V* hours from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days 14 hours, via
Honolulu 6 days 10 hours.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Bktn Monitor, Turloft, 8 days from Humboldt.
Bktn Arago, Perry, 9 days from Grays Har- ,
bor. A
Schr Conflanza, Jensen, 10 days from Coqullle
P.lvpr.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 15 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Coqullle, Pearson, 9H days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Eureka, Asplund, 10 days from Coqullle
River.
Schr Mary Dodge, Hansen, 6 flays from Eu
reka.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 24 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday, December 16.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, December If.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo.
Ptmr Gipsy, Leiand, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Washtenaw. Croscup. Tacoma.
Italian man of war Etna. Giorello, cruise.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr La Chilpna. Matsen, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 16. 10 p m— "Weathef
hazy; wind weft; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Br ship Flintshire, Aug 31—13 50 N. 30
W, Br bark Glenfyne, from Iquique for Wls
bench; all well. Sept 9—3 14 N. 23 W. Ger
hark (R H F J). from Cariff for Iquique; in
ballast. Oct 9—419 — 41 39 S r>~ 39 W, Fr 5-masted
bark <P H F R). from Shields for Valparaiso;
66 days out. Oct 27— D3 33 S, 79 28 W. Danish
wooden bark, steering ESE, under topsail.
MEMORANDUM.
Per bktn Willie R Hume, at Port Townaend—
Sighted Dec 11, Sunday afternoon, 18 or 20
miles west of Capt Flattery, a large 4-masted
vessel.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Dec 16— Br bark Almora, from
Hamburg for San Francisco, has been In collis
ion off Cuxhaven: headgear damaged.
CHARTERS.
The Annie Johnson loads merchandise for
Hilo; S O Allen, mdse for Honolulu.
The Coloma loads lumber at Chemainus for
Tientsin: 60s. v
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. >
MOVILLE— SaiIed Dec IS— Stmr Anchoria, for
New York.
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed Dec 14— Stmr Hekla.
for New V.irk.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Ems.
from New York, lor Naples and Genoa,
LIVERPOOIv— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Britan
nic, from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Lucanla,
from Liverpool; stmr Werkendam, from Rot
terdam.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT L-ITDLOW— Sailed Deo 16— Bktn Klit
kat, for Honolulu.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Deo 16— Ship Ed
ward O'Brien, for Nanatmo.
Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Sunol. from Sureka,
and failed.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Dec 16— Br ship Gun
ford, from Hamburg.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Dec 16— Stmr Cottage City,
for T>yea.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Arcata,
hence Dec 14.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec I«— Stmr
Alcazar, from Point Arena.
Sailod Dec 16— Stmr Alcatraz.
TACOM A— Arrived Dec 16— ShlD Dashing
Wave, hence Nov 3f).
NEAH BAY— Passed Dec 16— Stmr Progreso.
from Seattle for Pan Francisco.
CLALLAM MAY— Arrived Dec 16— Bark Cey
lon, from Tacoma for Honolulu: Chil ship Hin
dostan (mm Vancouver for Valparntso.
PAX rEDßO— Sailed Dec 13— Bktn Uncl«
John, for Eureka.
Arrived Dec 16— Bark Coryphene, from Port
PORT* TOWNPEND— Arrived Dec 16— Bktn
Willie R Hume, from Santa Rosalia: ship Sin
tram hence Dec 5: ship Dashing Wave, henca
Nov 80: schr Dalvator. from Ran Pedro.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Columbia,
honce Dec 14.
Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
° REPONDO— Arrived Dec 16— Schr C T Hill.
from Grays Harbor.
CASPAR— Arrived Dec 16— Schr Abble, from
"^ FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco. A
EASTERN PORTS. T
BALTIMORE— Arrived Dec 15— Ship Roanoke,
from New York, to load for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 9— Br stmr •Gaelic,
from Yokohama: Ger bark J C Pfiuger, from
Bremen.
Sailed Dec 7— Br bark Algburth. for Chile
Dec B— Br stmr Moana, for Sydney; U S stmr
Bennineton. for Hllo.
COLON— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Allianca, for
New York.
Arrived Dec I&— Stmr Advance, from New
York.
NEWCATTLE. NSW— Sailed Dec 16— Bktn
Newsbcy, for Honolulu.SPORTS AT HOME AND AFIELD.
RESULT of GOULD'S
VISIT TO
TRUCKEE RIVER.
In August last Fish Commissioner C. B.
Gould made a personal inspection of the
Tru< river, extending from Lake Ta
hoa to Pyramid Lake in Nevada. The
trip occupied two weeks. Photographs
were made of all the dams and artificial
obstructions in the river In both States.
The dams in California were found to be
in condition for the free passage of fish,
save one or two near the State line. The
obstructions I:: the river In Nevada aro
numerous, but Mr. Gould visited Carson
City and consulted with Governor Sadler
and other State officials as well, also
with well-known sportsmen there and in
Keno regarding necessary legislation for
the better protection of the fish in the
Truckee river in Nevada, and satisfactory
plans wore made that seemingly insure
favorable action, the only hitch being the
!.r*ush dam located in the river live miles
above its mouth on the Pyramid Lake In
dian reservation. This dam is the worst
obstruction in the river, is built of brush
beld in place with rock. No fish can pass
ever it at any stage of the water, and be
ing located near the mouth 'of the river
it is of vital importance. The dam is not
only an obstruction, but it is also a trap.
The Indians congregate at this dam every
spring and spear thousands of trout that
have run into the river from the lake to
spawn. They sell tons of these fish every
year.
The dam is used to divert water to the
irrigating system of the reservation and
was constructed and Is controlled by the
Interior Department.
Upon Mr. Gould's return the subject was
presented to the Interior Department at
v\ as hi on and the correspondence
which ensued was terminated on Wednes
day last when the following letter was
received at the office of the Fish Commis
sion from the Secretary of the Interior:
Department of the Interior,
WASHINGTON, D«c. 7. IS!*.
Hon. A. T. Vccelsang, President Board of
Fith Commissioners. State of California, San
Francisco, Cal.— Sir: I have the honor to ac
knowledge the receipt of your letter of the
2Sth ultimo, erring further to the dam in
the Truckre River on the Pyramid Lake In
dian reservation, Nevada.
In my letter of the sth ultimo, it was stated
that the recommendations of Inspector Graves,
who had recently investigated the subject of
irrigation on that reservation, were then un
<!er consideration and would doubtless be
adopted, in which case the dam referred to
would be abandoned.
Since that letter was written, the recom
mendations of the Inspector have been ap
proved, and the Commissioner of Indian Af
fairs directed to Immediately carry them into
effect.
Your latest letter <« to-day referred to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs and directions
given him not to permit the work to be
neglected or delayed, and to cause the dam
to be removed at the earliest practicable date,
and that if this cannot be done before the
next spawning season, that he cause to be
(nnftructed FUch a fish-way as the laws of
the State of Nevada require, and not to per
r.-.it fish to be taken within the prohibited
limit at the dam, Furthermore. I have di
rected him to Instruct the agent to see that the
Indians observe strictly the laws of the State
of Nevada In the matter of obstruction of the
river and taking fish therefrom.
I am glad to note the Interest you take In
the matter, and assure you- of my disposition
to co-operate with you heartily, and to the
full extent of my authority, to see that the
State laws are observed both In letter and
Fplrlt. and shall be pleased at all times to
be advised of any infraction of those laws
by •-■ns under th« jurisdiction of this de
partment, whether whites or Indians, which
may come to your knowledge, as well as to
have any suggestions you may feel disposed
to offer In matters of this kind, in which the
Secretary may have discretionary power. Very
respectfully, • C. x. BLISS, Secretary.
GOLF AT THE PRESIDIO.
Oakland Team Will Try Conclusions
on the Links of the San Fran
cisco Club To-Day.
Last Saturday afternoon the first team
match between representatives of the San
Francisco and Oakland golf clubs was
begun at the Oakland links. This after
noon the. Oakland players will be the
guests of the San Francisco club, and the
second half of the game will be played
on the Presidio links. The results of both
days' play will be added together, and the
team with the highest aggregate score
will be declared the winner of the first
home-and-home match ever played in
the neighborhood of San Francisco, and
probably the first ever played in. Cali
fornia. The teams consist of eight men
from each club, the Oakland representa
tives being- G. D. Greenwood, F. S. Strat
ton, W. P. Johnson, A. Folger, J. McKee,
C. P. Hubbard, E. R. Folger and C. P.
AVingate; and the San Francisco players
being Dr. Hibbetts J. W. Byrne, H. D.
Pillsbury. C. Page, H. Babcock, E. J. Mc-
Cutchen, S. L. Abbott Jr. and T. G.
Roberts.
The second game will be played on the
Oakland links on April S, and on the Pre
sidio links on April 15.
•As all the links have certain peculiari
ties of their own, what are called ground
rules are made to meet the special con
ditions. The following are the ground
rules of the Presidio links:
1. — If a ball has fallen within the course
and bo lies that an iris interferes with play
inc the same such iris may be removed by the
player. This rule does not apply to a ball
fallen outside the course.
2.— ball lying In rainwater (but not In a
hazard) may be removed without penalty, if
rain shall have fallen within 24 hours before
the match.
3.— ball may under a penalty of two
strokes be lifted out of a difficulty of any
doscription and teed behind the same.
4.— The bunkers in font of the first teeing
ground and the fourth hole must be played
out of. A ball lying on the new greens or
teeing grounds must be lifted and .placed be
hind them without penalty.
The men's competitions in driving and
in approaching set down on the pro
gramme of the San Francisco Golf Club
for this afternoon have been deferred.
No date has been set for them.
On ihe Oakland links this afternoon
there will be a competition for the ladies'
rup, which has already been competed
for twice— June and September. Miss
A. Duff was the first competitor and Miss
Dunham proved successful in the second.
The original Intention was that the cup
must be on three times by the same lady
before becoming her property, but it has
been settled that after a fourth competi
tion the winners on the four occasions
shall play together and the one who
makes the best score ./Shall become the
owner of the cup. .
LAWN TENNIS CBACL.S.
Series of Exhibition Games Will Be
Played on the Scott-Street
Courts To-Day.
The rain which fell during the early
days of the week almost put a stop to
upon the courts of the California
Lawn Tennis Club, but yesterday after
noon several players put in an appear
ance Grant Smith and George Whit
ney won a set from S. H. Adams and H.
A. Weihe, the score being 6—4.6 — 4. Weihe and
Adams won a set from Smith and Whit
ney, with a score of B—6.
This afternoon, if the weather Is fine,
a series of exhibition games will be given
on the courts of the California Lawn
Tennis Club for the benefit of J. Daily,
the court-keeper. It is expected that the
attendance <>f lawn-tennis players will be
large enough to occupy all the five courts
as long as daylight lasts. The follow
ing interesting matches have been ar
ranged:
iie and Adams will play Nicholson
and Murdock, the champions of the Aia
mfila Lawn Tennis Club, tho b< st of three
Bets. The Whitney brothers will play the
■ of three seta against the Hardy
brothers, and J. Daily will rngage in a.
single < ntest with Bumner Hardy.
Tno California Club is prospering, the
names >>f Bevera] Candidates for im-mher
ehlp being posted on the bulletin board.
Robert G. liiffcrMoll, General O. O.
Howard, U. S. A., Dr. 1..» man Abbott,
General T. J. Morgan and < ha nneey
IJepevr dlKcaMs the destiny of the
■■>i-»v America in the Christina* Call,
out next Sunday, December 18.
Read Judge Maguire to Father Yorke,
full text of his open letter in to-day's
fctar. ♦
BOXING CLUBS
SHOULD
FOLLOW RULES.
With the exception of Professor Walter
Watson there is possibly not another man
on this coast who has such a good knowl
edge of boxing as De Witt Van Court,
who is the. present boxing instructor of
the Olympic Club. Mr. Van Court, in the
following communication to The Call, of
fers many valuable suggestions to boxing
cLub managers, which they will certainly
profit by if they are desirous of keeping
the sport from taint and corruption. The
writer says:
OLYMPIC CLUB. Dec. 13.
Sporting Editor Call— Sir: As every
one knows, the Marquis of yueensberry
Kules were written in England by an
Englishman, and In my opinion they can
iiul be improved upon, but the trouble
Americans have with them Is, I think, in
the fact that our referees, fighters and
tight managers have an Incorrect interpre
tation of them.
It is seldom an unsatisfactory decision
is given in the National Sporting Club or
London. Not that 1 think the English
referees are more honest or more compe
tent, but irom the fact that they enforce
each and every rule to the letter, being
fearless enough to do so, regardless or the
betting fraternity.
To ally cover all the points in dispute
in our boxing contests. it will be better,
perhaps, to commence from the time arti
cles are signed unnl a decision is given, as
we cau an see mistakes irom the begin-
ning to the end. In the selection or men
to nght the first mistake is made by the
managers of lighting clubs who nine times
in ten match a hard slugger against a
clever and shifty fellow. hen the light
is over the people who paid their money &r«
dis*atlsried with both the tight and the de
cision, because the clever leilow ran away
and the slugger was not fast enough to
cat him. To overcome all this, let the
size of the ring be cut down, as the rules
call tor a ring of any size from sixteen to
twenty-four :eet, or better yet, match a.
•"slugger" with a slugger, and a clever
man with one of the same style of flght-
ing.
he next trouble Is generally the weight
proposition. A boxer will insist that he
can right at ISO pounds at 3 o'clock the
day of the contest, when as a matter of
tact he cannot make l£o pounds without
leaving all his speed and vitality at the
training quarters. After the weight propo
sition is settled the selection of a referee
cornea (.a very important matter in a
light.), and the fighters generally insist
that a referee be selected at least twenty
four or forty-eight hours before a con->
test. This matter, 1 contend, should be
taken entirely out of the hands of the
fighters. What right has a lighter who is
being paid to ngtit to say who shall be
the referee? I think a better proposition
for the direct benefit of the fighters and
the sporting public would be for the man
agers of dubs or the sporting editors of
the daily pa] era to make the srlection, and
keep the same a secret until the men are
In the ring.
Next comes a squabble over a division of
the purse. Under no consideration should a
purse be split other than TO and 25 per
cent. It is only fair that a loser should re
ceive enough tor training expenses, and 25
per cent Will always cover that. There are
any number of fighters with fairly good
reputations who would consent to a decision
against them or a draw for an equal di
vision. I have not yet met a fighter who
will say that a good punch on the end of
the nose is a pleasant sensation, but I have
met quite a number who would willingly
take any number of punches on the nose or
anywhere else provided there was a good,
fat purse in Bight. We now have the
fighters In the ring:, and the farce begins
by the referee absurdly calling the men to
the center of the ring for Instructions. He
asks: "Well, boys, what are you going
to do, break away clean or hit In the
clinches?" The rules distinctly Bay: "No
clinching or wrestling allowed." It Is then
Just as much of a foul to bold or clinch a
man as It is to hit below the belt.
Referees should Insist un men hitting In
clinches, and give a contest against a man
who clinches without any warning what
ever. Some people ridicule the idea of a
referee standing outside a ring. There-Is no
occasion of a referee being within a ring
if the fighters be given to understand the
rules will be rigidly enforced.
The rules also call for a timekeeper, whose
duty it shall be to keep correct time of the
rounds and also to count the seconds for a
contestant who Is down, but under no con
sideration shall a referee act as both ref
eree and timekeeper. How many times
have we seen a man knocked down and a
referee waste several seconds trying to get
his opponent a safe distance away, so that
no fouls will be committed, and then com
mence to count off the seconds? Often the
Interval between the count la of several
seconds' duration instead of one, and. fin
ishing- the count, the referee calls. "Eight,
nine, ten— out," Instead of "eight, nine
out." The rule on this point says: "A man
who falls or is knocked dwn shall be given
ten seconds in which to get up. unassisted;
meanwhile his opponent shall return to his
corner until the fallen man Is on his feet."
I have never had the pleasure of seeing a
man walk to his corner when he knocked
an opponent down, except John L. Sulli
van, and who will say that Sullivan was not
a fair fighter?
According to the system of fighting now
in vogue the general Impression is that the
aggressor should always be given the pref
erence, when us a matter of fact there is
nothing in the Marquis of Queensberry or
London prize-ring rules that gives a ref
eree power to decide a contest on points.
Tet every referee and fighter I have talked
to on that subject has agreed that a con
test that goes the limit should be decided
on points. The question then remains, what
constitute the points of boxing?
You will find that answer only In the
amateur rules. It includes leading, counter-
Ing, feinting, slipping, ducking, sidestep
ping and general style and finish, the blows
to be delivered with th» knuckles of the
hand, and any boxer flicking, slapping or
hitting with the wrist or elbow shall be
disqualified, and only when all points are
equal shall the aggressor be given the pref
erence. The rules further state that the
scoring of points shall be for every clean
blow landed — glancing, pushing or blows
blocked with the shoulder or glove cannot
be counted as clean hits— the contestant
scoring the most number of clean hits to be
declared the winner.
When points are scored In this manner It
must be plain to any sensible man that a
limited contest must be fast If it Is to be
decided on points. The fastest boxing ever
Been In this city has taken place at the
Olympic Club's amateur tournaments, where
all contests are decided in this manner.
I have always been in favor of honest box
ing, but can see the game going from bad
to worse, and the only remedy I see now Is
to Instruct all referees on entering the ring:
to declare all bets off. Cut down the Blze
of the ring and I will venture th» opinion
that your "fake" fighters will disappear.
Last of all Rive the people a referee who un
derstands • the rules and is fearless enough
to enforce them.
DE WITT VAN COURT.
Boxing Instructor of the Olympic Club.
Billy Shannon and Billy Akers left last
evening with Floto. the colored pugilist,
■who is matched to fight George Dixon in
i*e-Y York on January 17.
The officers of the Princeton Athletic
Club, 422 Fifth street, are: President,
John Griffen; vice president, C. Connolly;
treasurer, H. Gabcl; secretary, F. Perry;
financial secretary. R. Harripan: captain,
A. Real. Frank McConnell is boxing in
structor, and John Conroy will act as his
assistant. The club will incorporate in
January.
Tin' California Athletic and Swimming
Club will open their new clubrooms at
Mowry'P Hall, corner of Grove and La
puna "streets, on Tuesday evening with
a boxing exhibition. There will be four
eight - round contests for decisions be
tween the following well-known amateur
boxers: Dick O'Meara vs. Charles 1 burs
ton- "Kid" Johnston vs. Charles Vlckera:
Young Kuhlin vs. "Kid" Swicker. The
event of -be evening wi'.' be an eight
round contest between Charles Rochette
and Charles Johnson.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL GAME.
Vampires Will Play Against British
Tars at Golden Gate To-Day.
The Vampire Association football team,
which has contented Itself with practice
games on the Golden Gate ground since
its match with Keswick on Thanksgiving
das' will play this afternoon against an
eleven of apprentices from the British
ships In harbor. The Rev. Mr. Pullerton,
chaplain of the Seamen's Institute, will
make up the sailors' team. The names
and positions of the Vampires are as fol
lows:
J M Punnett, goal keeper; J. McGaw, back;
J D Robertson, back; W. Q. BelWOOd, half
back- G. I. Baugh, halfback; H. W. Wester
fold 'halfback; A. J. Crossley, right forward:
AS' W. Tomllnson, right forward; G. T. S."
"White (captain), center; A. Fredericks, left
forward; C. P. Coles, left forward.
Her Case Dismissed.
• The case of Mrs. Eva Martin, charged
with assault to murder for shooting her
husband W. J- Martin, was dismissed by
Judge Joaehimsen yesterday. The hus
band having refused to prosecute, the
Judge decided that the admission of the
woman to a policeman that she had fired
the shot was not. in his opinion, suffi
cient evidence on which to nold her.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17. 1898.
GILT EDGES
ARE
CHAMPIONS.
The following is the standing of the
clubs up to and including December 11:
C P £ £ - ■ p
- - * £ -! -
3 3 —'i C
■ »• a ; B 1
clubs. 33: * 5 ?
7 r ; : : §■ :
: : r: :
•■•:?■
)• • • • : »
I'ta Cruz. 2!.. A 3 5 2
)akl'd ... 2! 2.. 13 i
Athletics 3 5 31.. I 1 2
:an Fr"co 2 2 It 1 .. 4
lan Jose.. 0 31 21 5 3 ..
; tockton . 3 12 3 3 3
,Vnv> . 112 0 0 1
... 1 0! 0 0 11
__f_:__|__i
Lost ....]H|l7il7 17|1S 22i
-■
1 1
2 3
< ■
7 :
t I*
? r
J_lj_
24 14
23 17
23 17
20 17
I .20 IS
17 22
17 23
6 13
_i_l 4 !
1661 155'
3S .631
4" .676
40 .575
17 .640
3S .638
30 .486
40 .425
19 .811
IS ....
Fsml....
I a
a. s
i £
: «
4
]l
2 3
4 :
1 0
: I.
23 131
i
..
The accompanying table of the standing
of the clubs is that issued by the Pacific
Coast League, and is positively correct.
To Mr. Stapleton, the official scorer, did
the task of computing the average of each
team full, and to him patrons of the
game are indebted for the information.
Mr. Stapleton's task was far more diffi
cult than most people imagine. I had no
conception of the extent of his troubles
until last Sunday, when he showed me
where ten games had been protested and
nothing had been done with them by the
emergency board. He then had to write
the country managers for certain scores
that were missing and could not be found
even among the city dailies. At least
twenty of these scores had to be- obtained,
and when they were finally received it
required a special meeting of the league s
director* to determine what should be
done regarding the protested games. For
tunately for once in their lives the mem
bers comprising the league board worked
rapidly and disposed of the protests in
marveiously quick order. This enabled
Mr. Stapleton to complete the task in
trusted to him and which is now pub
lished. Pretty soon he hopes to have the
batting, fielding and other averages of
the different players in proper shape to
publish, and then the fans and perform
wso will have an opportunity to see
just what was really accomplished dur
ing this season's work.
The fact that the Gilt Edges have won
the pennant beyond all possible doubt is
no great surprise. It was thought by
many, myself included, that owing to the
number ol' pretests registered against this
culb for employing the services of mure
Eastern men than the new rules allowed
their chances for the chumpionship,
which looked so bright, would be lost.
Mr. Stapleton's percentage table, how
ever, dispels all such ideas and proves
conclusively that, protests or no protests,
the Gilt Edges are . the real and only
champions. From the very beginning of
the season this great aggregation was
hailed as the pennant winner. Their fast,
steady playing, combined with the team
w..rk; their heavy batters and superb
pitchers, to say nothing of the other ac
complishments held by them, were
traits recognized by all lovers of tha
game as the kind that win the majority
of contests. No club seemed able to cope
with them successfully and follow it up.
True, they lost games, but that is base
ball. I would not give a cent for a team
that did not lose occasionally, nor would
I give the .same amount for a player who
could not make an error. The Gilt Edges
ore an ideal collection of players for such
a league and deserve to win. Throughout
the entire season they practiced, and sel
dom played anything but good baseball.
The people who went to see them re
ceived their moneys worth, and this can
: 1 ol but few teams in the league.
How different things would have bet n if
all the clubs represented in the league
paid a.s much attention to their work as
did the Gilt Edges. What glorious times
there would have been throughout the
season had things gone along as smoothly
with the other clubs as they did with
this same collection. The team was man
aged properly; it must have been, or the
men could not have given such a good ac
count of themeselves. Can this be said
of the other clubs? I think not, save pos
sibly the Sand Crabs. No fault worthy of
mention can be found with the Gilt Edges.
They won the pennant, and won it easily
nnd fairly, and they deserve to be termed
the "greatest team In the State."
JOE CORBETT.
HANDBALL GAMES TO-MOBROW.
Interest Taken in the Game Between
Harlow and Hampton.
The great feature of to-morrow's hand
ball game at Phil Ryan's court at KSS
Howard street lies in the proposed set-to
between A. Hampton and J. Harlow.
Both players are in first-class condition,
and as this is the first time they have
met in a single match where a stake was
the object in view there will be wool fly
ing in the court. Three games out of five
of twenty-one aces will constitute the set
to Time will be called at 1:30 p. m.
Other games on the programme will be
played as follows:
J Leonard and P. Hutehinson vs. J. Dowl-
Ing and P. Ryan; T. Leach and T. Foley vs.
j •■< ndon and A. Mclnnerney; EL Barry and J.
Klrby vs. R. Housman and M. Klrby; J. Mc
liennott and M. Dillon vs. G. Hutehinson and
P. Kelly; L. Carmine and P. Bteiner vs. M.
McNeil and H. Racouillat; J. White an 1 EL
Curley vs. J. Collins and E. Toy; J. C. Nealon
and P. IXinnelly vs. M. J. Kllgallon and T.
F. Bonnet.
First Born at Spreckelsville.
The first born at Spreckelsville was
baptized on Sunday, December 4, 189«, by
Rev. J. W. Bryant. The baby was chris
tened Claudina Spreckeline Christen.=«n.
The parents are James P. and Christina
Christensen.
Fell From a Scaffold.
From the Herald. Watertown. N. T.
John Young of Le Roy, N. V., is 72 years
old, and is well known In that and neigh-
boring towns. While putting some weath-
er boards on a barn, standing on a scaf-
fold twenty-two feet from the ground, he
felt dizzy, lost his balance and fell to tfte
ground. The* side of his face, arm and
one entire side of his body, on which he
struck, were badly bruised. Picked up
and carried to the house, he was under
a doctor's care for several weeks. The
doctor finally came to the conclusion that
hib patient had received a stroke of par-
alysis and
was beyond
medical aid.
H e could
not use one
arm, or turn
over In bed.
One day,
while lying
on the bed,
he read of a
case some-
thing like
his having
been cured
with Dr.
Wiilams'
Pink Pills
for Palo
People. He
coaxed his
a
by the Fall.
granddaughter to get him a box of the-
pills. After that box had been used he
secured another. In three weeks he be-
gan to feel a little life In his arm: at the
end of four he could move his fingers; at
the end of two months he could walk,
and in three months he could shave him-
self with the injured hand.
As he told his story in the Herald office
he looked the perfect picture of health.
He carries a box of the pills in his pocket,
and whenever he does not feel Just right
he takes them. They cured him after doc-
tors had given him up and his death was
daily expected.
All the elements necessary to give new
life and richness to the blood and restore
shattered nerves are contained in a con-
densed form in Dr. Williams 1 Pink Pills
for Pale People. They are an unfailing
specific for such diseases as locomotor
ataxia, partial paralysis, St. Vftus' dane< 3 ,
sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous
headache, the after effects of la grippe,
palpitation of the heart, pale and sallow
complexions, all forms of weakness either
in male or female.
MATCH RACE
BETWEEN
TWO FAST HOUNDS
Coursing men and all those interested
in the sport are wondering at the weekly
increase of attendance at the Ingleside j
Coursing Park. In speaking of the good
times the park Is now enjoying one of the
directors said yesterday that the attend
ance during the past five or six weeks has
been something entirely unexpected; in
fact, the crowd has been so great on Sun
days that the club must enlarge its seat
ing compartments so as to give the spec
tators an opportunity to rest their tired
limbs occasionally. It has also been no
ticed that quite a sprinkling of ladies and
their escorts in carriages witness the ■
meetings held on Saturdays and Sundays.
The reason for the great popularity of
Ingleside Park is one that is easy of solu- j
tion. In the first place the patrons of the |
sport have implicit confidence in the i
honesty and excellent judgment of Judge
Grace, whose services as a coursing judge
are In demand in all parts of the coun
try where coursing is enjoyed. The leash
meo are now so well educated to the
game that the least trick advanced by a
1 r slipper with the object of "catch
the money of the unsuspecting
sports is quickiy detected and condemned j
in the presence of the spectators. In the
second place the patrons of Ingleside Park
are aware of the fact that Judge Grace ]
keeps close up to the contesting dogs from i
start to finish and is not afraid to answer |
questions and give the score of points '
made in every course to any person who ;
seeks information.
The judge of a coursing park can kill !
the game by giving wrong decisions, i
whether they be intentional or on tuc
count of poor judgment because of a lim- i
ited knowledge of the rules which govern i
the sport. Good decisions always mean j
prosperous sport, and that is why Ingle- |
side Park is flourishing to-day and will
continue to flourish as long as Judge !
Grace will remain in the pigs...n.
There will not be any coursing at in- j
fleslde on Saturday and Sunday, the 24th 1
and 25th inst.. as Judge Grace is booked ;
to judge the big open meeting which will i
be held in Los Angeles Coursing Park
on those days.
The San Jose Coursing Club will hold !
an open mee..ng at Agricultural Park,
Ssin Jose, on Christmas day. The dub
will add $150 to the purse. The entries
for the 32-dog stake will close on Friday,
the 2"( i inst. It is said that the railroad
company will give a reduction of rates
to those who will leave on the 7 a. m.
train leaving Third and Townsend streets
on the 25th.
The Stockton Coursing Club will also
hold an open meeting on Christmas day.
Among the proniinent local coursing
men who have signified their Intention
of visiting Los Angiles are John and
James Grace, P. Reilly, J. Sheehan, D.
Hooper, Messrs. Massey, Thompson, DicK
son and Mellugh.
Betting on tiie great match between
Moondyne and Patria is quite spirited,
with Moondyne still a favorite. If strong
running hares are met Patria stands an
excellent chanoe of winning, but as the
late rain has started the young rrass, the
hares may not prove so good as hereto
fore.
Tim Cronin has Wild Tralee. a stake
winner, and Rose of Tralee down with
distemper. McComb <>f Santa Clara is also
nursing Royal Flush and Flush, both of
which are on the distemper list.
"Prince" Jerome expects some gTeat
"flyers" from Australia on the new
steamer. Reports say that they are
Bcorchers.
A Case Settled Out of Court.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday dismissed the suit of P. J. Van
Loben Sels against Lester D. Greene and
others to recover 150,000 damages for in
juries inflicted on his lands near Walnut
Grove, Sacramento County, by the over
flow from the irrigation ditches of the
plaintiff. The dismissal was made on the
motion of Warren Olney, one of tho at
torneys, who explained that the suit had
been settled out of court.
Railroad Trains to Run Slo-wer.
Railroad officials claim that It Is very ex
pensive to run their lightning express trains,
and are talking about reducing the speed. It
Is likewise expensive to the health to rush
and struggle and compete In business affairs
as mon do nowadays. The brain, the nerves,
the muscles, the whole system gives out. For
restoring strength after business worries, i
Hostett'.-r's Stomach Hitters is the proper I
remedy. It Is an ideal tonic for the tired, the j
run-down and the weak.
INCLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, DEC. 17 AND 18.
Non- Winners' Stake
MIND THE
GREAT MATCH RACE
BETWEEN
PATRIA AND MOONDYNE
For $600.
Take a Mission-street car and It will land
you at the gates.
ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREE.
/^ >^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i S^M "-** KEAR ST W. Established
faT f*vA3l ln 18r »-* for thotroattnpntof Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
( $25 HEARST %T. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
KfHKKftfw? '"-"fas*- wearing on body and mind and
G Skin Diseases. The«loctoronri»awheii
mJKlfy&Fbff'l others fall. Try him. ('hurgvslow.
iSaSlSaSjt] C«rr»cusranlrr<l. Call orwrite.
Dr. J. 1 - <.lltK<;\. Box m37.San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|^ Steamers leave Broadway
larS*ag_ wharf. San Francisco:
j nfwfihsv For Alaskan ports. 10 a, m.,
. S^*kw3sßB^ Dec. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1,
• hLssM^^ change at Seattle.
MCKcMi VBJ For Victoria, Vancouver (D.
IflHCc;^9U C.), Port Tovrnpend. Pfattle,
l^^& *-»k\ Tacoma. Everett, Anacort«s
and New Whatcom (Wash ).
10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7, 12, 17. 22,
♦7 Jan 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
'L' ', at Seattle to this company's steamers
for* Alaska andG. N. Ry. at Tacoma to N. P.
»v Bt Vancouver to C. F. Ry.
R For a Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2p. m.. Deo.
6 IoT 15. 20. 25. 30, Jan. *, and every fifth day
Iv^Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Vttwnnrt «* m fourth day thereafter. 11, Jl,
Jan P4P 4 ar d c ™ry fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego' stopping only at Port Har- j
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
fa DeT ¥**? '%W* £? g f£Vl& ;
every fourth day thereafter. San Jos. del
For Ensenada. Mapdalena Bay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*, Santa Rosalia
and.Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Dec. 17, Jan.
12
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar^ rr.ur* nf Falllne.
VXOKET OWWtVTS-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta.. -
10 Market St.. San Francisco. •
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
IADC Sl2 First Class Including Berths
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Bails - . . . -,V- Dec 14, 14
STATE OF CAL. 5ai15.:.......... ..Dec. 9, 18, 29
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points ,in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ■-;-:,. >; .- ■;,
1 b. C. WARD, General, Agent.
■ -630 Market street.
OOODALU PERKINS & CO.. .
Superintendents.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
"SFsjiAVMARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at.............. !
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur*.). I
Fridays 1 P- m. and 8:30 p. m. !
Sundays..... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m. ,
Landing and offices — Mission Dock," Pier 2.
Telephone Main 1508. -
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■/
Sl^S^^feS^S Perhaps you do not know HARPER'S BAZAR, a weekly periodical of |§
%<S^JirV-«s««^J^^^p fashions. To give you an opportunity to learn its value to every American gj
.w / I\\ \gsm woman, we will send you, upon receipt your order, a. trial subscription, icS
I Vsa 1 FOUR WEEKS FOR 25 ™ |
S V^s^*JL" fll This extraordinary offer is made to enable you to appreciate' for yourself 35}
pi /^i. /vx!^jE\V m 5 the value of a ladies' paper that publishes the most exclusive designs in Xjfl
ILK \y \Vyl N/?^p fashions obtainable in .Paris, London, and, New York, and only standard jg<
wtm A MIRROR OF FASHIONS 1
H|H . Is a simple and comprehensive description that has been applied to -^
iSP*' **X; HARPER'S BAZAR by many of its constant readers. Its pages reflect C=?rV
'^^^>**^~*^i 55 * > v V^^^ '• in advance of the season what is to be, worn either in costly gowns or *£\
Wff.^-. 98 , those of moderate price. -; '^?
& fe'^lf p THE PARIS THE NEW YORK / THE LONDON -,*)
WM fe *i^ g LETTER LETTER LETTER *
kSM v^^ Js2fir* 1 By Miss Katharine De Forest ?\ By Mrs. Annie T. Ashmore IBy Special Correspondence /iy-tr
fflL •^E^^^jT^"^' 1 * i will describe week by will describe the fash- Tailor-made gowns and /gi
M^UfHMlMwffl''' week the fashions of ions of New York, and out - door costumes of ';cS
.. BL^ag ppHEg^4K Paris, and, besides at the same time offer London will be care- 23i
&\'WkF&S£\ ylfflHl these, many little orig- many valuable and fully described for the Sfl
£ '^-j^^^°i '^T%\^\ inal points in dress. . timely suggestions. J_ readers of the BAZAR., g
, C^' f ', S /^-^S CUT PAPER PATTERNS COLORED FASHION PLATES §
of certain gowns in each issue of the The prevailing colors in dress will fe?
?"^v' *^^^ v^^i^'^ A - BAZAR will be sold at a nominal be illustrated once a monxn by Hi
'$ 'fiP^s^^?^^HJß jfc price. With the use of these pat- these colored fashion plates, a ready
'%sWf C^~^r^Nr^" IB terns stylish dresses can be made by and easy means of solving v hat is at j&I
wlj l/^S*^'^ *m any woman at a moderate expense. times a most troublesome^problem. Sj
l^A^i THREE IMPORTANT SERIAL STORIES §
A^T ffl /**m will appear in the pages of HARPER'S BAZAiR duririg 1899, These stories "%£
&Js^&s: have seldom been equalled for diversity of plot and, description. They are jc|t
KIT KENNEDY A CONFIDENT TO-MORROW THE MELOON FARM §
Sl^^S^^^^wlS By S. R. Crockett B.v*Brander Mattbrxs ' . By Maria Louise Pool £ 35<
' SHORT-STORY CONTRIBUTORS -'"' S
fir C-i&ti? :^*%f Mary E. Wilkins Margaret Sutton Briscoe - Octave Thanet "^
£*W stfl^^^Sk ¥^^ Marion Norland \ ; Harriet Prescott Spofford '* "■ E/ia W. Peattie 351
Wm Ftl '& fg?>fs\ V&i ' Caroline B. Burrell _ ' ' Ruth McEnery S.fuart Christine T. Herrick S^
' If* «lr * • W( sHi Caroline L. Field Eva Wilder B redhead •■. Caroline Ticknor £=3
m J^v> rm A FEW OF THE SPECIAL, ARTICLES TO APPEAR §
" mfy&& ikl/Mk THE BUSY MOTHER WHAT THE CITY DOES FOR SJ
rvwlH ' By Annie IViUis McCullocb WOMEN. By Mrs. Eva Dixon Smith y4*
»<«| <a<6M#la < 6M#1 WHAT WOMEN HAVE ACHIEVED - THE DEAF*CHILD Si
i^W^^W^m • IN ART By Maud dr <™ Obi - ? By Mrs. Annie Ramsay g\
/^ -* i GARDENS AND FLOWERS | HOW WOMEN/MAY EARN A
■: P^l^Sl^^P^ By E. E. Rexford and Mm. Lout's A. Bull ' LIVINQ. , By Helen Douglass &l
; W&f2sr^ l HARPER'SfMAOAZINE^WEEKLY. and BAZAR. . .""."• Each, One Year. $4 00 S^
W^T^^ \^^ COMBINATION OFFERS
■ f^W gj&o '*-r. W-r HARPER'SiMAGAZINE, WEEKLY, and BAZAR, totone.address, . One Year. $10 00 *%)
ml&^fc'WS? \ ni HARPER'S WEEKLY and BAZAR, to one address « 700 £if
S&3SCV . > t/-?\ WB ' HARPER'S MAGAZINE and WEEKLY, to one address, .... •• 700 ft)
'*O jWflttlTr AP^ HARPER'S. MAGAZINE and BAZAR, to one address, .... •• 700 £<i
Bjpy^t ■mi ' Postpaid in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. ■' jrJtX
\ jgj HARPER'S BAZAR, tO Cents a Copy Subscription, $4 00 a Year, is
S*L^\^a! 3ARPER & BROTHERS, Publishers, New York, N. Y. f§
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .^.^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <jr(H?*v
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North ■asaaKasafc'
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE ....Dec. 17
LA BRETAGXE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31
LA OASCOGNE Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
First-class to Havre, $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on r<3und trip. Second-class to
Havre. J45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
PHBBMIIB9 The S. S. ALAMEDA
llltilVlL '' '■ via Honolulu and
1 •£*■"■• Auckland for Sydney
g ~^-"~"7~»v Wednesday, December
§itMlNl!D^ " fe" S. P AUSTRALIA
Q;iW]IiIJIIIU sails for Honolulu
v rOfTllrtfilZU"*^ January
VVlUjyulttJi^ 1899. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa,
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office — 317 Market st.. San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
«" --' -. •■» — - *" v S"
T V \ j » »• * f
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following: Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
• Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— 6ZB MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15M.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street. .
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, •»:». 11:00 a. m.; I:4*
1:45. 6:13, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Ban Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. -
BUNDAYS— •S:00,»10:00, '11:30 a. m.; n:U,
1:00, '4:30. 6:15 p. m. _ .
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCIBOO.
V*EEK DAYS-5:25. '6:85. 7:45, »9:30 a. m.:
•12:20. 2:20, *3:45, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS m Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. '
BUN DATS— •S:00. »10:00. »11:B5 a. m.|
•1:1*. n:l». *•■*• HM p. m. - -
Trains marked • start (rom San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:43, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:85. 2:45 3:50, 6:20 p. m. ■■ ■'■
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:06 a. m.; 12:05, 1:2».
1:00. C:2O p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS. -
-.20 a, m. week days— Cazadero and war (tana.
i 1:46 p. xc. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way.
stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta'a.
■ mount; tamalpais SCENIC railway.
(Via Eausalito Ferry.) .
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Bept. 1838: ...:- ;-. ..
Week Days— 9:Bo a. m., 1:45 p. m. x .
- Sundays— 10:00, 11: SO a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.- .; . '.
THOS. COOK A SON, Agents, 621 Mark*
•tr««t. Baa Francisco. ■ : ,: ] -' -
BAIL ROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH . PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEb.
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 11 :H,
< <:SO, 6:10, 6:29 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:&
andii:M p. m.
eUNISATS-8:00. •:». 11M a. m.; 1:89. l:«L
6.00, C:2O p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 11:0.
tAd, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ; i- *^
SUNDAYS— «:IO. »:4flt 11:10 a. m.; 1:49, S:«L
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scfauetzen Park
i same schedule as above.
Leave I ~ Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— • October 18. •— — — —
Week Sun- 1888. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. da,u. Days.
T:Soam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am S:4oam
:30 pm :80 am Petalu'ma. 6:10 pm 10 ant
6:10 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:25 pm 6:21 pa
Fulton.
I JO am Windsor. 10:2Sai»
Heal burg;
Lytton, -
Geyserville.
I:*) pro 8:00 am Cloverdal*. T:Kpm «:»pra
Hopland and
f :2oam 8:00 am Uklan. 7:Bspm 4:»pn
f:tOam 10:tSaa
8:00 am Guemevllla, 7:85 pm
t:Bopm " • l:Hpia
, 840 am 8:00 am Sonoma . 10:i0am B:ioaia
and
| 1:10 pm E:oopm Olen, Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:21 pa
T:Boam 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:80 pm 6:oo pm 7:3spm| 6:2lpm
■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
: serville for Skagg/s Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers;- at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. , Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda - Bay. Lakeport and B&rtlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
i Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville.Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brag*. i
Westport. Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonvillis. Cum- ,
tnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olaen'a, Dyer.
i Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday . round trip tickets at ,
[ reduced rates.
! On Sundays round trip tickets to all points !
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
'< Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bids. i
!H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN. |
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. ,
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
NEW TRAIN SERVICE.
San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited.
Commencing SUNDAY, Dec. 18, 1898,
THE OWL
WILL LEAVE SAN FRANCISCO 5:00 P. M.
WILL LEAVE LOS ANGELES 7:00 P. 'M. .„
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
v VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 18S8, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. • Mixed. Passen-
ger, iunday ,_'_• \, , Sunday ... ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
8:20 am l n-9 0am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:50 pm
10:10 am 2:ospm ■■ Merced U:4opm 4:o3pm
11:40 am C :30 pm . Fresno ■' 9:30 am 2:52 pm
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford : 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersneld 2:3oam 11:25 am
12:58 pm B:sopm . .. Viaalia 6:40%m| I:ls pm
= Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Of nee, 321 Market
street. Baa Francisco, r ■■ ' :-■■:■. --. -■ ■•. r .:
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
»«ITUER> PACIFIC COHFAHT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains l*a»v« nail are tine to arrive «S
MAX MIIMIVO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
l»at» — From Nov. 29. 1898. — arkot
*« : 22* Nils*. BanToseand~WayBUtlons... •»:40a
7iooa Benloia, Suiaun and Sacramento.... 1 0:43 a
7i«»a MaryrriUe, Orofllleaud Bedding via
___ Woodland 3:4»p
7tOO A Khnira, VacaviUe and Komsey 8:43*
TiBt>A Martinez. San Kamon, Vallejo. Naps,
Caliitoga and Sanei Rosa «:lSp
S:»Oa Atlantic lirprJU, Og.leu and Ka«t.. Sl43r
■i*Oa San Jose, Stuck ton. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, .Mnrysvillo.
..1 „ Chlco, Tehama and Ked Uluff.... 4ilsp
.2* 52* Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown. . 4 : 1 5 r
•«:3Oa MUton "7:13*
»:O«a Martinez, Tracy, Latiirop, Stockton.
Merced and Fresno 18:13*
»t»»A Fresno, BakersGeM. Santa Knrhara.
Los Angelee, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East «i4Sp
I Fresno, Mendoti, Tracy and Mar.
tlDez 6:43p
1O:OOa 7* 11 *) 0 - Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
1. -OOP Sacramento Steamers "U«lM>r
1S:O«M NUes, Tracy. Stockton, Mendota,
Hanford, Via»li», Exeter and For*
tcrTflle ; 4>l3r
ItOOrMlos. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11:43 a
i San Jose, Mies ami Way Stations... !'J:!3a
Li»ennore, ban Jose, KHei and Way
. ■ Stations 110:13 a
«i»Op Martinez, Ban Ramon. Vallejo,
Napa, Caliitoga. Xl Verano aud
Santa »il •*
«i«Op Benioia, VacaTllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing. M»rjraTl!lc, Oro-
Tllle and Sacrampnto 10:1.1*
4t3orNDes, Ban Jose and Stockton 7:1»»
3:©op Martmci, Tracy, Mmdota, Fresno,
MojaTe, Santa Barbara and 1*»
_ --2 m A"lselr«..... B<43a
OiOOr SauU K« Itoiite, Atlautlo £ipress
for MoJbtb and Kiut •:4»p
, B:OOP Martinez, Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fre5n0.......:... 12:15P
V>s«Or "Pacific Coast LiiniU.l." El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East §«:43p
•IOOr F.uropenn Mail. <»g,l e ,, and Kaat.... os4sa
Bioo P Haywardi, Nile»andS»n Jose 7:43 a
•6:00 r Vallejo 12:13?
1 l?»OOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions...... ;... ......... 20:4.1 p
•••Or Oregon K<|>rri»,Uacrameiito. Marys.
»i)io. licl.lliiK, I'uitlHiiil, I'llgut
, Sound and Kast Bil3a
i l«:03r " Sunset Umitfd." Fresno. Los
Angeles, El Paeo, New Orleans
' an'! Kant . H:4Hp
SAN LKA.MMU) A.M» IUItt'AUIKS LOCAL.
1 (Foot of Market Street.)
Melro«if, Sfiniunrr Park, (
8:00 a , Kllrhburg, Klmharst, - •:«!!&
<U:OOa San lifnndro, Son 111 Ssn (*9:43ji >
lo.oua I.enndro. K»lmlillo, 1»:43a
a ,! : 22* Lorenzo, Cherry ia:43p
<I.O©P and f «1:43p
Viol »»yn»rds. *■**'
■ .w»r , Buns through to SUm 4 !43p
I ) t From Niles. \
COAST DIVISION (.Narrow <iauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Newark, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek,BaQU Oruz and Way
Buttons SsSOr
•Silßr Newark C«Dte*Tille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fclton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Onus and Principal Way
Stations... »1 0:3O A
4ilsp Newark, San Joie and Los Gatos... 9:20 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Buttons 1/7:20?
CREEK ROUTE >ERRY.
rnmSil r&iICISCO— *f lUrkil Street (Slip 8) —
•7:18 9:00 11:00*. H. (1:00 : *2:00 13:00
•I^o 16:00. •6:00f.M.
rrmOilUll— f»»l«rßr«i4*»T.— -C:00 BKK) 10:00*. ¥.
W:00 . '1:00 ' t3:OC »3:03 ti:00 «8:03r.n.
COAST HI VISION (Broad (iange).
(Third and Towngeud Sts.)
7iO«a Ban Jose and Way SUtious (New ~~"
Almaden Wednesdays only) liSOp
•■••A Hau .lone. Tres Pinos. M»nta Cms,
Pacific (irore, Pxs-j Itobies, Hau
Luis ()bis|ii>, Gnadalupe, Surf and
- Principal Way SUtto 4:10p
. I «)4l»» San .lost- and Way Stations "SiOOa
11:3Oa Ban Jose aud Way Htations Bi3sa
•*i43r San Mateo, lUdweod, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Hanta Clara, 8m .Inss,
Oliroy, Holluter, Hmita Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and PaciQe
Ur0T«. ... ..;.:. «l«i3fl\
•8:S0p San Jose and Way Stations *»:OOa
Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:»3a
'3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations S:3t>r
. 8:U0r San Jose and Way Stations 7:3<»p
t11:43p San Jose and Way Stations .....'.*...' ' 7:UOp
A for Morning. V for Afternoon. .
! • Sundays eicf ptr.i. { Sundays only. - ♦ Saturdays only :
•^Mondays and Thursdays. a T ucsdays and Saturdays.
ISatardjjs and Wedsesdays. •Thnndan and Sunday*.
Weekly,Call,si.sO perYeap
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MRS. MENTEL
DESCRIBES
THE MURDER
Sticks to Her Plea of
Self-Defense.
REMANDED WITHOUT BAIL
EXPECTS TO SECURE FREEDOM
ON HABEAS CORPUS.
fays She Shot at Her Husband as
\. Fast as She Could Work the
i Trigger of Her
./■ Weapon.
ALAJMEDA, Dec. 16.— The preliminary
examination of Mrs. Anna Mentel,
charged with the murder of her husband,
'■was clo.sed to-day, and Justice Morris
MRS. MENTEL Swearing to Tell
the Truth About the Murder of
Her Husband.
held her to answer before the Supsrior
Court. Despite the strenuous efforts of
the defendant a attorneys, the Judg
fused l" admit her to bail. As Boon as |
the shorthand reporter's notes of th»> tes- i
timony ran be transcribed her attorneys
.•will attempt to secure lier release on a
Writ of hab< as corpus.
Mr?. Mentel wenl on the witness stand
in her own behalf. She told the story of
. th<-> shooting and related the circum-
j stances leading up to the quarrel which
terminated in her husband's death. 11 it
attorneys confined their questions to her
jacts in the immediate vicinity of the j
ttragedy, and when the prosecution un
. dertook to cross-examine ht-r on occur-
J renews remote from the scene of the '
shooting the court sustained the objtfc- 1
itlons of the defense, which prevented the
District Attornej from drawing any testi
mony from Mrs. Mentel except that fa
vorable to her plea of self-defense.
; Mrs. Mentel'i demeanor was a study in
JBtolcimn. Lhe did 1101 evince the least
■emotion, and told the story of the shoot-
Ing' as though it was a commonplace a£
ifalr. There, was the least evidence of
braggadocio about it all when she de
jecribed without a falter how she drew
her pistol, pointed it at her husband and
I began llrlng it at him as fast as her iineer
'could work the trigger. Nor was there
;a tremor in her vo.ee. Her answers were
.clear and distinct, and the only evidence
Of suppressed excitement was a continual
tapping together of Use tips of her flngera.
She stuck to her original story that her
'.husband had assailed her; that with
; curses he had thrown her to the ground,
'and then, in self-defense and in fear of
her life, she had shot him to death. She
'answered the questions of her attorneys
■ without hesitation and readily gave the
'.most minute details of the tragedy. Jn
marked contrast were her replies to the
■ queries of the prosecution. Her memory
I failed her. To almost every, question she
dropped her f;yes, tapped her forehead
I nervously, as though trying to recall to
mind the circumstances of the tragedy,
and then .avoided a direct answer by re
plying that she was so excited that night
ehe could not remember what she had
| done. Never once did she refer to the
murdered man aa her husband— it was
Just jjlain Mentel.
"We had been quarreling for some mm!
! utes before we reached the scene of the
; shooting," she said. "It started over a
conversation concerning our marriage. 1
demanded the marriage certificate and in
; sisted upon him giving it to me. He re
i plied the ceremony was a farce and that
:we were not man and wife. 1 threatened
to go to his sister and appeal to her to
i plead with him to do me justice and treat
,me honorably. He flew into a passion at
| my persistence, called me vile names and
struck me. The conversation continued
as we walked along. He struck me again
and 1 fell to the ground. As I lay there
;he stood over me cursing-, lie told me if
1 opened my mouth again on the subject
of our marriage ho would kill me. 1 in
sisted I was only asking what was right
rand he said: '1 will end you now!' He
frabbed for my throat, and aa he did so
pulled the pistol from a pocket in my
cape and began firing In his direction. I
4o not remember how many shots 1 fired—
] just pulled the trigger as but as I could
work It. 1 did not see him fall, nor do I
Temomber having turned the pistol on
myself. It all came so suddenly and I
wap "- —jjr-Z, -excited that J don't know
■Wnaf happened after I begnn firing."
In answer to the questions of the Dis
trict Attorney, shfl said Bhe had carried
.the pistol for a long time to protect her
iself. Mentel had threatened her before,
Ishe Bald, and she war afraid of him.
"Is it not a fact," asked the District At
torney, "that you carried the pistol with
the Intention of shooing your husband
If he did not comply with your request
for the marriage certificate?"
"I dlil not." was the firm reply.
She said th^y were very close together
jwhen she began tiring, but could not re
:member whether sh<> was standing or
lying where she had fallen from her hus
iband's blows.
.' "I don't know where I shot him but I
Bhot him lots of times, shf» said.
It was admitted in evidence that the
couple had been married at 39G South
|Slxth street. San Jose, November 2. 1896,
iby City Justice Gass. It was also ad-
Jmitted that the license was issued in the
name of Wiliiam Fred Menten and Anna
Beth, but that the deceased had sub-
Bcribed his correct name to the affidavit.
> Dr. S. H. Buteau. who assisted at the
autopsy, and Constable Georg* Gray, who
assisted In taking the defendant to the
Receiving Hospital the night of the trag
edy, corroborated witnesses who had pre
viously testified for the prosecution.
Attorney W. W. Foote pleaded with the
court to admit his client to bail. He
based his argument on the ground that
there had been no evidence to prove the
crime of murder in the lirst degree and
that. In fact, all the testimony went to
show that the woman had shot her hus
band In self-defense, fearing for her life.
Justice Morris did not agree with the
attorney, axid remanded the defendant to
the custody of th>> Sheriff without bail.
Benat< r 'Karl, who Is associated with
Mr. Foote in the defense, stated they
would apply to the Superior Court to
morrow or Monday for a writ of habeas
corpus. and wpre confident of securing
Mrs. MentfTs relea.se.
LEFT ALL TO HIS WIFE.
Estate of the Late Samuel Flint
Worth Less Than 510,000.
OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— The will of the
Into Samuel Flint, assistant superintend
ent of the Railway Mall Service, who was
run over and killed by the new broacl
gauge local at Fourteenth-street station
on tlio Ctli ins;., was filed for probate this
morning by Sarah Ann Flint, the widow.
The will la typewritten and by its pro
visions everyming is bequeat ' to the
widow, who is ]unie<l as sole executrix
without bonds. The instrument is dated
.April ::. lf-93. and witnessed by Charles A.
S' s'-lon?- and Harry Lewis.
The estate consists of real ost.ite in this
county valued a 1 $3000, the monthly income
from 'which is Jl<i; also realty tn Orange
County, {2000; and SasOo rash on deposit in
banks. The total value of the estate does
not exceed (10.000.
Knew of the Crime.
OAKT-iAXD. Dec. 16.— Eupene Foley and
Joe Oleviria. both ap:ed about 22 years,
were arrested at Oakland mole this after
noon and placed in the County Jail on
charges of robbery. They are supposed to
be the two men who stood up a saloon
kreper named Nevis at Pleasanton last
Sunday night, relieving him of about $180.
I'ulev 'had $1* on his person when arrest
(d. The men protest their innocence, and
claim that the robbery was committed by
two negroeß, who gave them J25 to keep
still about the matter.
Adams and the City Agree.
OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— The controversy
between the <"ity I'ouncil and the Adams
estate Is ended, and no legal proceedings
will be undertaken. The Adams estate
has agreed to give quitclaims to the city
to all jand bordering on the Adams prop
erty which has been formed of accretions
from the lake. This refers to the north
east arm of the lake, about which the
dispute chiefly arose.
Alameda News Notes.
AT.AMKDA. Doc. 16.— Frederick Ham
mersmith died last night at the home of
his mother. Mrs. Margaret Hammersmith,
1174 Park avenue. Deceased was a brother
of John Hammersmith, of Hammersmith
& Field, and was a leader of the Olympic
Club.
Mits Sadie M. Dennis of this city and
D. A. Phillips of lone were married last
evening by Rpv. E. P. Dennett of the
First M. E. Church.
The Vallejo High School football team
will play the Alameda High School aggre
gation to-morrow at the new Alameda
grounds. The contest will decide the
lightweight championship.
The suit of Ivy 1,. Borden against A. A.
Cohen will come to trial to-morrow after
noon in Justice Morris' court. The. case
involves a dispute of two of the best
known public men on this side of the bay,
who were formerly firm friends.
The Municipal League of Alameda will
meet Monday night and will nominate a
complete ticket to put in the field at the
city election next April.
Read Judge Maguire to Father Yorke,
fun text of his open letter in to-day's
Star. •
THE JULES VERNE TAKING A PILOT.
TWO overdue vessels reached port yesterday, much to the delight of the reinsurance gamblers The French
bark Jules Verne, eighty-five days out from Newcastle, N. S. W., for San Francisco, i™ I the BrltishrtSp
Cardiganshire, seventy-nine days out from the same port, put in an appearance off the head early yesterday
The British bark Gunford, 185 days out from Hamburg, reached San Diego yesterday mornlntr There was 15
per cent paid to reinsure her also., so it was a lucky day for the takers of odds. wmbb. ■«•""«: w M x.,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1898.
DENIES THE
STEALING OF
TWO GIRLS
Rev. Henderson Has a
Clean Record.
CHARGES ARE INVESTIGATED
A SACRAMENTO OFFICIAL VISITS
OAKLAND.
He Calls on the Girls and Commends
the Course Taken by the
Home - Finding
Society.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Dec. 16.
Rev. J. E. Henderson, accused of steal
ing: two children from Sacramento, has
returned to Oakland ami has made an
explanation of his conduct which places
him in a very different light.
He is the coast superintendent of the
American Home-Finding Association,
with headquarters in this city. This so
ciety is now being incorporated, and
among its most prominent supporters are:
Rev. R. S. Coyle, D. D.. Rev. i£. S. Chap
man. Mrs. G. W. Halght. Rev. H. M. Mc-
Knlghi, Dr. M. V. Klmball, Mrs. S. C.
Sanford and President Craigie Sharp.
•'Two days ago," said Mr. Henderson,
"the fall published a story crediting me
on tli<r- authority of an officer of another
association with doing things that were
Illegal and dishonest. This is not true.
The two children 1 brought to Oakland
were two little girls whom one of our
agentn found in Sacramento requiring as
sistance. We had failed to find a home
for them there, so he turned them over to
me. 1 went to Sacramento and found the
girls, one ! ( J years old. who is about to
become a mother, and the other 16 years
old. The elder one claimed be the guar
dian of the younger. 1 learned that the
mother of these girls lived in Nevada and
that in urd.-r to avoid sharing in her
daughter's disgrace, she had given them
both money with which they had traveled
t<> Sacramento, and when we found them
they had only 12 left. I brought them to
(>;ikiand and they are now well provided
lor.
"This action was investigated by the
Sacramento Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, and yesterday Dan
iel Uealy. special officer of that society,
came to Oakland. Hi- was taken by Presi
dent Sharp to see the girls and after
questioning them he indorsed my action,
Having that I was right and that the»eom
plainta made in Sacramento are entirely
groundless.
"The statements made by Rnbbl Simon,
Rev. J. W . Daniels and others in Sacra
mento are without foundation. I have
never been expelled from a ministerial so
il.-tv and am not under a cloud of any
kind. I have done nothing which would
show mv unfitnoss for active service in
the Christian ministry. 1 have been In
the ministry at Soquel. ' Angels Camp,
Golden Gate. Howard Lake and Minneap
olis, and the ministers at these, confer
ences will show that my record is clear
and that I have left these several charges
with the kindliest relations between the
congregations and myself."
President Sharp of the Oakland Society
fully indorsed Mr. Henderson's statement.
STILL WARRING OVER
J. W. SMITH'S ESTATE
ENDEAVORING TO BEMOVE AD
MINISTRATOR KING.
The Queer Instructions of a Dying
Capitalist Carried Out and
Made Puhlic.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 16.
There were some very interesting fea
tures at to-day's hearing of the petition
of I>ena I. Snodgrass and Sadie E.
Thompson for the removal of C. K. King
as administrator of the $500,000 estate of
John W. Smith.
According to Administrator King, who
again w^ent on the stand, the- late Mr.
Smith was decidedly eccentric. The late
railway magnate was a stanch believer
In Christian science and was being treated
by its apostles until one month prior to
his death, when relatives succeeded in
persuading him to engage the services
of Dr. Ackerlv.
Mr. Smith had also instructed witness
regarding his funeral arrangements.
These matters were all contained in the
handwriting of Smith and were produced
on the stand by King. In this instru
ment, which Judge Ogden was inclined to
regard almost in the same category as
a will. Smith had requested that in the
event of his death his "remains he dressed
in his night robe and socks," and be
placed in v plain redwood coffin; that
there be but two hacks and a hearse.
"My valuables are all In a tin box left in
the care of Mr. Palmenteer at the Cen
A MONARCH OF A
GROUP OF ISLANDS
AMONG the passengers who arrived on the Gaelic yesterday was G.
Clunles-Ross, a Scotchman who has passed the last forty years of
his life as ruler of the Christmas and Cocoas-Keeling islands, a
group of the Indian archipelago, off the coast of Batavia. He is now
en route to England in order to present a report to the Colonial Sec
retary on the condition of affairs in the Christmas insular group. Clunles-
Ross left Scotland in the forties as the colonizing agent of Great Britain, and
- this is his first return to the home
"The Islands, seven in number, and
populated with about as many hun
dred people, were in their original
uncivilized state when I arrived
there many years ago," he said, yes
terday. "The inhabitants are of the
Malayan type, docile to training and
the beneficial operations of a clvil
izer. We have established schools
which aim at a practical education,
teaching the natives the use of t"<>ls
as well as the rudiments of the Kn
glish language. You would be sur
prised to see how well the men have
learned the. first lessons of carpentry
and agriculture. In the matter of n-
ligion I have never Interfered with their gods or their beliefs, allowing
each man freedom In religious worship. No missionary work has beta
done there yet the natives seem satisfied. For eighteen years I ril<l not
use the Fngli«h language The tongue of the natives was a difficult one
to learn but f mastered it after arduous and severe labor and now I am
quite a linguist In all the dialects of the Christmas group. The only white
people who lived with m^ are my brothers and my family, who joined me
Home time after my arrival there. The natives are morally good. They
were ardent gamblers and drinkers when I reached the Islands, but thla
has been suppressed almost entirely."
The Christmas Islands are not In the possession of Great Britain, al
though the British flag flies there. Once a year an English sailing vessel
touches the sole port in the group, supplying the coionizor with all the
little luxuries and gastronomic amenities of life. The natural food produce
of the islands, consisting oi rice and breadfruit, is sufficient for the needs
of the native population.
tral Bank." continued the instructions,
"and on my death I wish this box and my
trunk, also my desk, to be placed in
my room and the room locked. >.o
one is to be allowed in the room until my
son arrives from Denver, who shall be
immediately advised of my death by tele
graph."
Administrator King testified that all
these requests had been executed, but
that he never knew what the tin box con
tained, since no one but the son, Charles
H. Smith, was permitted to open it. It
Is supposed that it held the deeds convey
ing valuable properties to this son.
F. W. Sawyer was next called by the
defense to show that King had brought
suits to recover certain property belong
ing to the estate. He said that he had
commenced suits to recover lands in Te
hama County; also a suit against the
Shenandoah Mining Company, and that
he afterward advised King to sue the
heirs for other properties, but that King
refused .md subsequently engaged Wil
liam R. Davis hjs his attorney.
Kefore court adjourned a small surprise
wHis sprung to the effect that Charles H.
Smith will probably be called to testify
next Monday or Tuesday.
"We would like to ascertain C. 11.
Smith's address," said Attorney de Golia
on behalf of the contestants, "because we
wish to subpena him."
•'You need not bother fibout a subpena."
replied Attorney Davis. "We admit that
Mr. Smith is now in San Francisco, and
he will be hf-ro when wanted."
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Doc. 10.— Quite a number of
acres of marsh land will be filled in with
the ooze pumped out of Lake Merritt by
Johnson it Peterson, the dredging con
tractors. The city assumes that most of
this land is municipal property, but it Is
likely that it will tost a considerable legal
struggle to hold possession. It Is learned
that private parties are already prepar
ing to assert thHr claims.
A school bond election will be held to
morrow in Hie Melrose school district, and
the people in that vicinity are In a con
siderable stir ovpr the affair because of
the price to be paid for a school site.
WlUiam Kelley, a collector for Fred
Becker, has been arrested for misde
meanor embf-zzlement In appropriating $20
to his own use. His case will come up in
the Police Court next Monday.
Dr. Clarence L. Maloon, formerly of this
city, died at Geyserville last Wod vsday
night of typhoid fever. He was a son of
8. B. Maloon and nephew of License In
spector Henry Maloon of this city. He
was but 27 years of age, and leaves a
young widow and little child.
David Hughes has applied for letters of
administration in the estate of Luther P.
Fisher, the advertising agent, who died
November 29 last. The estate is valued at
$SOO. consisting of book accounts and office
furniture. The heirs are Lucy B. Fisher
of this city. William A. Fisher of Boston
and Grace Fisher, whose present resi
dence, is unknown to petitioner.
Articles of incorporation were filed to
day with the County Clerk by the Pacific
Photo Mount Manufacturing Company,
with principal place of business In Oak
land. The Incorporators are: S. Huff of
San Leandro, H. P. Squire, O. P. Downing
and J. J. Reid of Oakland, and Bush Fin
nell of San Francisco. The capital stock
is $100,000. of which $3000 has been act
ually subscribed.
Not a Tobacco User.
BERKELEY. Dec. 16.— In a letter con
cerning the death of his son, H. C. Suke
forth, whose demise was supposed to have
been caused from the excessive use of
tobacco, E. G. Sukeforth of Nevada de
clares that the young man did not use
the weed in any form. His sudden taking
off, therefore, still remains a mystery.
country. As a type of man G. Clu
nies-Ross i 3 of the strong, dominant
species. He is practically the ruler
of 700 mortals, with the power of life
and death reposed solely in himself.
Great Britain exercises a protector
ate over the Islands, but Clunies-
Ross is the proprietor in fee simple.
His Journey to England is suposed to
be due to a request made by the Col
onial Secretary in order to prepare
plans for the fortification of the isl
ands.
HARBOURNE
IS ANXIOUS TO
MAKE AMENDS
Defaulting Librarian
Heard From.
WRITES FROM THE KLONDIKE
TELLS THE STORY OF HIS WAN
DERINGS AND TROUBLES.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 16.— John "W. Har
bourne. the defaulting librarian of the
Alameda Public Library, Is no longer in
hiding. He has written to a close friend
in this city, divulging his whereabouts
and imparting the information that he is
doing well. He writes that he is filled
With remorse at his shortcomings and
says his one object in life will be to re
pay the losses of all who suffered by his
defalcation. In mitigation of his offense
he asserts that the financial assistance
he rendered certain friends led him into
wrongdoing.
Harbourne has still many warm friends
in Alameda, and they have frequently
announced that had he\ when his troubles
came down upon him, stayed here and
faced the music they would unhesitatingly
have made good his shortage.
The missing librarian is in the Klon
dike, ami has an interest in a claim fif
teen miles from Dawson City. The pro
ceeds from this, he writes, will enable
him to pay back within a year every dol
lar he owes the city of Alameda or his
friends.
There have been frequent rumors that
Harbourne had fled to the gold fields of
the frozen north, but this Is the first
Information received directly from him.
When he left Alameda under a cloud, he
says, he did not have with him the money
he was reported to have carried away,
lie states, In fact, that he had barely
enough to pay his expenses for a couple
of days, and had to seek employment
within a week after leaving this city in
order to keep from starving. He llrst
took the train to Pleasanton, Alameda
County, from whore he walked through
the Tassajara country and over the
Muiint Diablo range to Antioch, where
he boarded a steamer bound for Stockton.
He worked for a few days in a Stockton
hotel and then made his way to Saera
menta He secured employment at the
capital city, remaining there three weeks.
From the proceeds he saved enough to
pay his fare to Seattle.
He worked around Seattle for several
weeks doing odd Jobs and then fell in with
a party bound for Klondike. Harbourne
was an expert chef and was Invited to
join the party to take charge of the culin
ary department. After experiencing many
hardships he and his new found friends
reached the gold fields. His companions
Btaked out claims near Dawson. but Har
bourno went farther on. and finally, ac
cording to his letter, "struck it rich."
He evidently heard of his indictment by
the Grand Jury before he left Seattle, for
he suggests to his friend to inquire if the
charges against him cannot be quashed if
he repays the amounts for which he de
faulted.
"You will probably think it strange,"
writes Harbourne, "that I could stop in
Sacramento where I have m9ny acquaint
ances without having my identity discov
ered, but after I got out of Pleasanton
and took to the road I cut my mustache
off with a pair of scissors and after that
allowed my beard to grow. In a week I
hardly knew myself, and I believe I could
walk up Park street. Alameda, without
any of my friends recognizing me.
"I wish'l had my life to live over again.
I have always been good to people I
thought were my friends and it never
dawned on me until I was deep In the hole
that they had been pushing along a good
thing. In another year, unless all indica
tions fall, I will be able to square myself.
I wonder If I paid back all the money I
was short if the people of Alameda would
still want to prosecute me."
THE STOCK MARKET 1
Mining stocks were weaker again yesterday.
Local securities were quiet and not mate
rially changed.
■ The Security Savings Bank has ' declared a
dividend of 4 per cent on term | and • 3 1-3 per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, parable
January 3. , ■ :,•-'.
The Sunbeam Mining Company of Utah has
levied an assessment of 2% cents per/ share,
amounting to $5000, on the outstanding stock.'
- The I'araftine Paint Company has declared
a quarterly dividend of 25 cents per share, ;
payable December 23. .
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany lias • declared a regular monthly divi
dend of BO cents per share, payable. Janu
ary 2. ■ . :
In the Standard Consolidated mine at : Bodle
for the week ending December 10, some pros
pecting work continued to be done on the 150.
270 328 336, 470 and 582 foot levels .in the East.
No. 10. - Security, Black, Golf and Transit
ledges. ' Several small veins of fair to good ore
are being ; followed. : In the ralße above No. 2.
south »tope, on the 470 level, the average as
says show some improvement. In No. I,. north
stope, on the 270 level, , there Is also Improve
ment. The ore averages well and some of It is
high grade. ' In No. : 5, south stope, on the 336
foot level, the . ore continues - high grade. At
the new mill building . the sheathing Is com
pleted, and • within • a week the work of i placing
the '> battery blocks , was ■to :■ have begun. • ■ The
electrical and other machinery : has ■ been ' ship
, Bed and should be on the ground by January
1. At tailings plant No. 1. 350^ tons of tail-
Ings were treated during the week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE!.
Morning Session.
Board—
6 Alaska Packers' Association 104 00
65 Hutchlnson S P Co 64 00
100 Market-street Railway 58 12*4
$20,000 S P of C 6s Bonds' (1905-06) 112 25
$10,r«)0 S P of C 6s Bonds (1905-06) 112 12^_
$21,(00 S P of C 6s Bonds (1905-06) 112 00
Street—
$4000 S P of C 6s Bonds (1912) 117 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Central Light _ Power 14 50
100 Giant Powder Con 60 00
110 Giant Powder Con 59 75
IS Hana Plantation Co 17 i.t_
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 54 So
GO Hutchinson S P Co 64 00
E0 Spring Valley Water 102 00
BO S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 86 r.2'i
DO Vigorit Powder 3 02']
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
65 Oakland Gas Light & Heat R3 00
S5 Mutual Electric 1175
15 Mutual Electric II «2ii
50 Mutual Electric 12 00
DO Equitable Gaslight 7 25
Street—
35 Market Street 58 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Spring Valley Water 102 00
40 Giant Powder 60 00
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 62V_
100 Hutchinson «4 00
30 Hawaiian 54 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
r.OO Beet _ Belcher. 37: KM Overman 08
1200 Con Cal & Va.l 10 U.o Sierra Nevada.. 94
iftO Gould _ Curry. 2.V 50 Siorra Nevada.. 92
•no Justice lOieooutah 11
y» Kt-ntuck OSICOO Yellow Jacket... 17
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha OS 'IOO Occidental 110
|MX> Belch.r 17 : ?oo Overman 07
Mi. l. nee 67.100 Savage 13
■irtdenop sfi Wi Yellow Jacket .. IS
ild \- Curry.. 27 CO Yellow Jacket... 19
■Mental 1 15
• Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha Con 04 '10 Ophlr 57
p) Belcher 17 tOO Ophlr 58
l*> Hest & Belcher. 3S £00 Sierra Nevada.. X
*•*> I'halleiiKe Con.. 16 fOO Sierra Nevada.. 94
{00 Con Cul _■ V.1.1 10 200 Sierra Nevada.. 93
500 Con Cal & Va.l 12>_ 300 Sierra Nevada.. 92
}00 Gould _ Curry.. 25 50 Standard 200
TOO Ken^uck 08 'TOO Union Con 18
Afternoon Session.
1050 Belcher 16 100 Occidental 120
•00 Best & Belcher. 37 {00 Occidental 1 17«_
DSO Caledonia 22:00 Ophir 67
J2OO Con Cal & Va.l 10 WO Overman 07
100 Confidence 59 400 Overman 08
800 Mexican 31 100 Savage 13
Isd Mexican 30 J»0 Savage 14
60 Occidental 1 15 iflOO Yellow Jacket. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Dec. 16.— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 04 05! Julia — 02
Alta OS 10' Justice 16 18
Andes 05 07 fCentuck 09 10
Helcher -17 18 Lady Washgtn. — 05
Benton C0n.... 04 10 Mexican 31 22
Hest & Belcher. 36 38 Occidental 1101 25
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 57 58
Caledonia 22 23 Overman 07 08
Chollar 18 19 Potosl 18 20
Challenge Con. 17 18 Savage 13 14
i 'onfldence 60 81 Scorpion — 04
1 "on Cal _ V_llo 115|Seg Belcher ... 03 04
"on Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 92 93
.rown Point... 15 16 BllTer Hill — 06
."on New York — 05 Syndicate 05 —
•:urek_ Con ..30 — Standard 195 —
Exchequer — 02|Unlon Con .... 17 18
Gould & Curry 26 27 Utah 12 13
Hale _ Nori'rs 12 13IYellow Jacket. 19 20
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. A. P. Hogan (owner) with W. H.
Hnn'-ho't (contractor), architect none— All work
for a 2-story frame building 12 flats) on W line
of Kartlett street, 110 S of Twenty-third, S 25
by W 120: S27SO.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL notice— California Command- .=.
cry No. 1. K. T. Officers and members "Baa*
are hereby notified to assemble in tFrS
the asylum TO-MORROW (SUN- *£*
DAY at 9:30 a. m. sharp, for V
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
deceased frater, SIR JEFFERSuN H. MAX-
ELL, of Oroyille Commandery No. 5. By
order of
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Commander.
SIR HIRAM T. -GRAVES, Recorder.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and J»
A. M.— Officers and members are m
requested to attend ' the funeral or TK^JT
JEFFERSON H. MAXWELL. late/V^
a member of Orovlile Lodge No. 103, from
the Masonic Temple, SUNDAY, December 18,
at 10 a. m. Master Masons, relatives and
friends are respectfully invited.
A. S. HUBBARD, Secy.
', MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third <le- TBvJ«
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /▼>
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, -xSsSeSW*!*
I. O. O. F.— THIS KYnXING..££?SnS3£
Second degree will be conferred. r
A. K. KINGSSORD, D. M. -"SWIfSP*
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. -.jar
O. K. members are requested to Sj&imS&l.
meet in Memorial Hall, SUN- :: Ss?jSsf s~-^
DAY, December 18, lbsa. at 1 -^wil\v>
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Mark M. Dugan.
HENRY LUKE, N. G. .
NOTICE of Stockholders' Meeting— Office of
the Mountain Ice Company of California, 327
Market St., San Francisco, Cal. Notice is
hereby given that in accordance with a reso-
lution of the board of directors of the Moun-
tain Ice Company of California, duly adopted
at a meeting of said board, duly convened
and held on the 16th day of December, 1898,
a special meeting of the stockholders of the
Mountain Ice Company of California will be
held on Friday, the 24th day of February,
1899, at the office of the company at 327
Market St., In the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California,- the same be-
ing the principal place of business and of-
fice of said corporation, and the building
where the board of directors usually meet.
The object and purpose of said stockhold-
ers' meeting is to then and there take Into
consideration and act upon a proposition
to diminish the capital stock of said com-
pany from three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars, divided Into three thousand (3000)
shares of the par value of one hundred ($100)
dollars . each, to thirty thousand ($30,000)
dollars, divided Into three thousand (3000)
shares of of the par value of ten ($10) dollars
each. By order of the board of directors.
JOSEPH MARTIN,
Secretary of the Mountain Ice Company of
. California.
M. E. B. A. No. — Members please meet to
attend funeral of late brother, GEORGE
BYRNES, 10 a. m., SATURDAY, from under-
taker's, bet. Broadway and Vallejo, on Mont-
gomery aye. J. E. O'BRIEN, President.
J. J. .LEAREY, Secretary. .
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
! THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its bar.K-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY. ■ January 10. 1899,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such : other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco. December 9,. 1898.
A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
moval, or we will buy it. UNCLE HARRIS
15 Grant aye., near Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4 ; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up-
painting done. Hartinann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 62 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Tuesday, Dec. 20. :.,»«. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday I Dec. 14. 1898. at 3 o'clock
P-m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
SUPERIOR German ; cook desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— NO. 1 cook, best of city \ reference, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st. :■-..-•
MIDDLE-AGED woman will assist In nice
. family where she will have good home and
email wages; good references. Address box
602. Call office.
GERMAN woman with boy 3 years old wishes
place to do housework and cooking in private
■ family; wages $15 to $20. Call 356 Third St.
LADY i wishes a ' position " as • housekeeper : In
■ hotel or Institution; reference. Address box
725, Call office. .
LAUNDRESS i would : like - position in • private
family; first-class references. Box -704. Call
office, Oakland. . . ,
NURSE who thoroughly understands care of
children and Infants wants situation. Box
-409, Call office. Oakland. .^ -
ELDERLY woman wants light housework; Is
a good cook;- has good references; country
preferred. ", 7 Van Kegs aye. -■■-•- . : , .-••■
TOUNG Danish . girl wishes ; position to . do
housework In small , family. - Call 431 ■ Third.
NURSE i. with • hospital experience .would' like
situation. Box SO7. Call office, Oakland. .
SITUATION wanted by a girl direct from the
■ East to do chamberwork and sewing or sew-
, ing and take care of a child. Call 534 O'Far-"
rell st. s
SITUATIONS WANTED—
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
lady or to assist morning and evening for
room and board. Box 450, Call office.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily embar-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
WANTED— By a young woman, position as
wet nurse; best of references. Box 510. Call.
WANTED— By a young lady, position in store,
office, bakery or bookbindery. Call or address
471% Tehama St. _
GERMAN girl (lately arrived) wishes position
In small family. Call between 2 and 4 or
after 7 p. m., 408 Thirteenth st. ■
WANTED— Position as nurse to invalid or
children. • H. JONES, 1533 Valencia.
RESPONSIBLE young woman -would like a
position of trust in office, establishment or
private correspondent or companion to invalid
lady: is a good penman; situation must be in
Sonoma County. Address by letter only. MISS
I 'ELLA M., Petaluma. Sonoma County, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
cook: is a good first-class French cook: city
or country; best of references. Address box
733. Call office. ■
GERMAN lady wishes to take care of a baby
at home; charges reasonable. 257 Clara st.,
between Fifth and Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS Jacket finisher wants steady
work. Address 351 C Minna st.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, position as
seamstress with dressmaker: would be gener-
ally useful; small remuneration. * ' "-ess for
one week, box 436. Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for X CO, postage
paid.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
— GET your plow hands now; plenty on hand
Bend orders to C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
1 CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
i VALET, Intelligent Japanese, neat and trust-
worthy, seeks position; references; speaks and
.writes fair English. Address KIMY, 725
1 Geary st. -
CARPENTER, cabinet maker, first-class me-
chanic, wants situation. Call or address 120
Valley st.
BARTENDER— Scotch, with reference
from first-class house, wishes situation. Ad-
■ dress box 511, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation in private place;
understands horses and cows; good reference.
Address box 727, Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class well digger;
has first-class experience in quicksand. Ap-
ply 139 Fourth st.
JAPANESE young boy wants position as school
boy; wages no limit. Address K. KODA, 423
Stevenson st.
JAPANESE young boy wants position as school
boy or housework. Address G. S. MATSUDA.
423 Stevenson 6t.
YOUNG man (Scotch) wishes to keep books,
or work in warehouse. Box 512, Call.
JAPANESE young boy wants position as school
boy; wages no object. K. KODA, 423 Ste-
venson st. '
YOUNG man, florist, wishes situation. Box
728. Call.
HONEST sober man wants work of any kind.
1125% Mission St.. room 6. .
ALL who Intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Market Ft.
COLORED man and wife want places as cooks
In a hotel. Call at 1603 Leavenworth st.
BY married man; proficient dairyman; under-
. stands care of fine stock and farming and
s good engineer, or would take care of gentle-
man's place. Box 964, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG German wishes position to take care
of garden and all-around work for a private
family; willing and obliging. Addres.3 3121
Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
MILK wagon driver. /age 23; thoroughly com-
petent; year's experience on double team;
night route preferred; references. C, cars
2526 Mission st.
ATTENDANT young man wants position as
such and be generally useful. Box 517, Call.
! POSITION by a first-class coachman; best of
reference. Box 742, Call. • . :
COMPETENT machinist with mining experi-
ence, sober and reliable, would hear from
party in need of his services. E. N., 330 6th.
BOOKKEEPER open for engagement at once:
Al references. E. H. M., 947 Poplar St., Oak-
land.
EXPERIENCED German gardener and coach-
man age' 33. desires situation; city or coun-
try. Address box 501. Call. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 2CO rooms; 23c to $150 night; $150 to $8
week; convenient and respectable;- free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
(:ATliOlA(rnur7eeiTirf^~^
1 Sutter st. ' . . .
HO D SEGIRL. sleep home, $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, $20. MISS*
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
COOK: small hotel; Santa Rosa; $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, Gilroy, $20, fare paid; house-
work girl, Sonora, $20, no wash; 10 house-
work girls, city, $10 to $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ; .
NEAT girl as companion and light housework,
$10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NI'RSEGIRL. 1 child 2 years, sleep home, $15.
MISS CULLEN,' 325 Sutter st. " . ■ •
LAUNDRESS, $25; 2 waitresses, $20 each; Ger-
man chambermaid and waitress, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
NEAT girl, assist light housework, $12. MISB .
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. ,
WOMAN with a child, ranch. $10. MISSCUL- '
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for 2 months, country, .
$10 per month; fare paid. \ MISS CULLEN. 32*
Sutter st. . ■■.-•.
2 SECOND girls. $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. - ■■*;■'>
COLORED girl as working housekeeper, $20 per
month. ■ MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
4 WAITRESSES, first-class commercial 'hotel,'
country, for Dec. 26. $25; chambermaids for
Southern California. $20, for Jan. 10: 3 wait-
resses, city and country. $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $5: 2 lunch waitresses, 60c. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ' " ■
SCANDINAVIAN cook and second girl, coun-
try, ■ $50. see , party here 8:30, fare paid; 25
houseglrls for clt-" and country. $12 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN houseglrl for small Ameri- '
can family: good family cook and fond of
children, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
GERMAN maid and seamstress, $20; waitress
and parlor maid. $20; 2 second girls, $15 and
$20; 3 cooks in American and German. families,
$25; laundress and chambermaid, $25; girl for
cooking and housework, small family, $25; 5
waitresses and chambermaids, $15 and $20.
and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st. V
NURSE 2 grown children, $25; girl for house-
work, 2 in family, sleep home, $20, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $17 50, fare paid. '
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
OPERATORS on white shirts; ail new high
speed machines: also finishers on flannel over-
shirts. , LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont.
WANTED— GirI to do housework in a family
of four. Inquire at 17 New Montgomery St.,
under urand Hotel.
GIRL to make herself generally useful In
labeling department. MRS. NETTIE HAR-
RISON. 40 Geary st. - .
GIRL for light housework. Call between 8 and
9 o'clock at 440 Ashbury St., near Oak.
GIRL to do general housework, plain cooking;
wages $10. Call 544 Third st. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework
and wait on lady. 716 Franklin st.
■ WANTED— GirI for general housework. At
2143 Larkin st.
WANTED— Neat, willing girl for general
housework; good cook. 2060 Green st.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
WANTED— 3 first-class ironers. Sun Laundry.
Nineteenth and Telegraph, Oakland.
NEAT German or Danish girl to assist in gen-
eral work ; good place for right party. 427
Larkln st.
WANTED— Energetic ladles. 513 Taylor Bt.
from 10:30 a. m. to 1:30 d. m.
L sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE: lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
V HELP WANTED— MALK.
WANTED— Working foreman for mine. $3 day.
quartz mill man and machinist, ■ $2 50 day"
young man to % learn fruit raising; quarts
miner, $2 50 day; machinist - for country and*
others. . Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. (28'
_ Sacramento at. /; w , «• ,HELP WAX' ED- Contlnnrd.
AT -£- ■ HAN B ■■; .\ _ CO/8 Tel. < h-ant IK
lofl(» (tread laborer* for
.Skaguay, fare reduced to
I? 2 -"" Skaguay $12 50:
Mih-contracts nd station work, both rock
and earth: $1 to $1 so a yard tor rock, 2".c to
j-o a yard fur earth; day laborers average 8
hours at 30e and S."ic. Further particulars and
tickets at c. K. HANSEN & CO. 8, 104 Geary
t-t. ; ship this morning, in o'clock.
PANTRYMAN, hotel, 25. c. R. HANSEN _
CO., 101 Geary Bt.
A— BARTENDER sporting: resort. V- week and
; found; S cooks, J.Vt. $;{.->, f.o and $30 and found;
i waiter boys, $15 and $2" and found; 40
hoppers, jl 50, $1 and 70c cord; 28 tie-
f makers, Sc, 9c. 10c and l_c each
Slate splitters Granite block makers
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay St., Lead-
ing employment and Labor Agents; phone
jiniii r.Ms.
WANTED Man and wife tor place n«»r city;
"alter for restaurant, {33; waiter, night. »3_;
notfl waiter. $_5: second butler, etc. AN-
■ DREWS, 316 Stockton st.
"WANTED— 20 first-class cothlng and furnish-
ing goods salesmen. Apply this morning,
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS, to* to 930
Market Ft.
WANTED— Saturday morning, a competent]
man who has experience In bottling and
:;■ labeling. Apply CIS Market St.
HOTEL man; must be a first-class bookkeeper;
state exi'orience, references and wages ex-
poeted. iddreng box 743. Call office.
ALL-AROUND photographer for the country-;
steady work. SHELLCOCK, Ml Mission St..
from S to 10 a. m. to-Gay.
WANTED Steady man; light, genteel work; !
must bo atisHed with $15 per week and have
a email -capital. 238 Kearny St., room 7.
WANTED— 25 more men for six-day walk; ten
. hours daily: salary and prizes. Call at 10
a^m. Mechanics' Pavilion.
ER from Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
lbhl'4 Mission st. . : :;
WANTED-Steady barber. 759% Howard st. -
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
IC7U Fifth rt.
BAR] for Saturday and Sunday! 1322 Pow-
ell st.
GOOD barber for Saturday at 131 Third st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Call
after 8 a. m.. 22a Hayes st.
COATMAKER for country! Apply REISS
BROTHERS, 24 Sutter Et.
COOK wanted at 922 Battery st.
WANTED— A dishwasher. 1504 Kentucky st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
NIOHT cashier: must understand restaurant
work. Apply 10:10, 28 Stockton st.
PIANO player; specialty music; travel. Apply
6 10 to t, California Hall, Bush and Powell siT
1100.000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate,
goods in warehouse and in bond, or on valu-
hi lea of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
ket St., UNCLE HARRIS.
TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
Fhws. .me nearly new, from 25c to $1 new
shoes, slightly damaged. H price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second Open Sundays.
WANTED— Laborers nnd mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms. 25c per nigl.t; II to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; 'able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 3d
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet In height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis at.,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7644 Mission
St.. men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13SVs Eighth st.
BARBER?" Association Free Employment
_Offlce. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 2."> c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
• .tos2 50 per wk. Elcho House. S63W Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m"t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at j
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. ■■'' Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 2.V night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from th» ferry.
AGENTS WANTED. '
LARGE insurance office desires city agent hav-
ing good connection, and controlling busi-
ness; salary paid. Box 724, 433 California st.
LADIES to sell "Ladies' Friend": half profit:
no capital required. 115R Market st . room 2.
ROOMS "WANTED.
WANTED — Sunny unfurnished suite for two :
permanent people; central location; $7 mo.
Address box 704. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOM and board by middle-aged lady In pri-
vate family; state terms. Box 7".'.. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
-
WANTED, for cash— A good upright or square
piano. Room 12. Flood building.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER X- GASSBI.L. 216 P °t st
HORSES.
•0 HORSES of ever/ description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia st., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
ii HORSES for pale; also wagon*. bug»i*«,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Hor*« Mar-
ket m Sixth: auction Mies every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN * DOTLF. Auctioneer*.
WAGONS AND carriages.
GENTLE black mare, top buggy, harness, etc.;
cheap: ?n!t.-iblp for lady, I^l McAllister st.
FOR SALE— miscellaneous.
• BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont «C
GOOD wven-year-old horse, sound and gentle,
for sale, at 2024 Mission st.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever: 7x9 Inches. Me: 10x12. l»c: 12xl«.
Me; 14x17 2, r .c- 16x20. 30c; X 22. 3oc; 20x24. 4oc:
Mx2R. 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings. 15c: room molding all
colors, If per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc 8 for lOe. JONES, 547 Mission «t.. be-
tween First and Second; open evenings.
COST $1200; diamond solitaire earrings; price
C<>st $?60; diamond crescent. «9 stones; price
j.
8 diamond rings. $130. 90 and $95.
New Arlington. 1015 Market St.
BARS, linck bars, mirrors, showcase?, counter*,
linoleum. Office furniture, «tore and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth. .
FOURTEEN nice Shetland ponies for sale at
J. D KORAN'S Stock Yard, corner Tenth
and Bryant sts.: among them are several
nicely mated teams and ponies, suitable for
saddle. ;
BEAUTIFUL diamond bracelet, cost r>o;r >0; also
■olltalre diamond ring, cheap. 43 Sixth st.
LOVELY diamond screw earrings for $3."; cost
$75. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. .
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose.
baiting, etc. H. L. WHITE, M 6 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
42' Sacramento st. ■
.7 R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; to!. South 787. ;
' FAFER— Bargain* In new and second-hand: all j
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
PETALUMA and Stockton Incubator: 300 and
240 eggs; brooder: MO outfit. 2805 Folsom St.
40.000 FEET redwood boards; second-hand lum-
ber. Ist and Jessie. Yard l.'.th and Valencia.
GASOLINE engine--! h p., $100; 2 h. p.. $125;
3 h. p., $150: 4 hp., $175. Smith Co.. &27 Mission.
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine; nearly new.
c_i Belt Co.. 519 Mission; <ci. Br. m.
ONE and 2 bowl barber trashstands, cheap.
WUFSCHMIDT. Pa Golden G«te ye.
SEWING MAIHIXES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
mnchine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint '45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
* TO LEASE. ',
FURNISHED hotel in Benicla; 2 minutes'
walk .to Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural
Works. Apply American Hotel, Benicla, Cal.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$4000— HOUSE of 4 rooms, store with stock
of groceries, liquors, etc.; lot 25x127:6; beet
location on Mission St. ; death of owner cause
of genuine bargain. WILKE & UNFUG. !*O6
Market st. '• :
A— sl2l3o— COAL and wood yard; established
many yean; doing good business: horses and 1
wagons; rent $2.1; death of owner cause of
sale; genuine good investment. Call WILKE
& IN FUG, 90S Market st.
A- SSOO— COUNTRY resort; Santa Clara County,
fine bar room; 2 parlors; 7 bed rooms; l:«ri;e
grounds: horse and buggy; stock of liquors;
first-clan paying establishment; owner to
leave for East: a bargain. Particulars
WILKE & UNFUO, 906 Market st.
A— U000; CORNER grocery and bar: established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— s3so; SALOON near R. K. depot: net rent
only $14; card and private rooms: the biggest
bargain in the market. WILKE & UNFUG.
906 Mnrket st.
A— $700— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
lis st : 5 living rooms: rent $2.">: doing a good
paying business: owner to leave lor New
York. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market it.
A— I6SO— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent $65; partner*
can't agree. WILKE & UNFUG, 908 Market.
$125— CORNER family liquor store; north of
Market st. : must be sold on account of sick-
ness. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$2250— CORNER" saloon north of Market St.:
building with 6 rooms Included: present owner
20 years In same place. M. LESS. 755 Market.
$350— RESTAURANT between shops and fac-
tory: six living rooms; rent only $25. M.
LESS. 765 Market St. ■
$1000— SALOON In good country town: build-
Ing and lot Included; living rooms: owner
has other business; can be seen In city. Ap-
ply M. LESS, 765 Market st.
TO buy or sell, any kind of business, partners i
procured, lodging houses a specialty; collec- !
tions made. WEHNER •_ RANDLE. 1027 V»
Market st.
$125— CIGAR STORE on Market St.; $900, corner
saloon, must sell. WEHNER & RANDLE.
1027' - Market St.
$300— PARTNER in asphaltum and roofing
business; Inside or outside work; guarantee
$75 a month: references given. 102714 Market.
EXPRESS business; steady trade from!
stores; trial given. Inquire 1027% Market st. j
, — — _
$350— RESTAURANT; centrally located; good
and steady cash trade; suitable for man and
wife: cheap rent. Call 1827>t Market st.
8. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market St., offer for
sale to-day the following: •
Cigar stand.-. $150. $200; fine locations; good j
trade; bargains.
Bargain In saloon; good location; fine trade;
death compels immediate sale; do not fail to
investigate. " '
— Grocery and bar; nicely fitted up; fine
corner; splendid trade; sickness compels quick
sale; bargain.
$500— GROCERY store; north of Market st. ;
liquors by the bottle: stock worth the money.
Mclaughlin a co., m Market st.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor and doll-
cacy store: a bargain on account of departure. i
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market. j
$7."*— WOOD, . coal, hay and grain and coal-
oil route; great sacrifice, on account of sick- ;
ness in family. McLaughlln. 777 Market st.
A— s2oo; branch bakery and notions; $10dally:no
competition; rooms. Kredo & Co., 22V4 Geary.;
A— s3oo; cor. grocery and bar; fine stock and fix-
tures: bargain. KREDO & CO.. 2.'» Geary st.
A— sl7s: cigar stand: $10 to $12 dally: value In
stock; must sell. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary.
$100- PARTNER wanted In exclusive business;
$12 to $18 a week each. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO., 9 Geary st.
$400— PARTNER wanted In light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help: business long estab-
lished and too much for one man: no expe-
rience required; trial given; $18 to $30 a week
each. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
CANDY store, factory and Ice cream par-
lors: the best town in State; will teach the
buyer the business. H. C. DECKER. 1020
Market st.
A— We have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$200— DELICACY branch bakery, notions: one
nicest little places In city, doing fine business;
3 living rooms. JONES, 863 Market st.
MEN and women wanted In every town and
county to sell a new toilet article. Address
M. H. CARTWRIOHT, r. 709. 927 Market st.
$2000 CASH— Men's furnishing business for sale;
located on one of the best business streets.
Address Furnishing, box 726. Call office. ,
$*O— SALOON, fixtures and stock; complete;
rent $20; genuine bargain. Apply 318 Minna.
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
cheap. Inquire at 650 Sacramento, nr. Kearny. j
WELL-PAYING bakery for sale. Corner Web- i
ster and Ellis sts. ■
FINE cigar store; must sell to-day on account
of departure. Apply Call office.
$375— A LOON; 4 rooms; rent $20; offer wanted.
Apply Capitol Liquor Store, .269 Third st.
$2000— MAIL route within fifty miles of Sacra-
mento; good stage line; sixty-five miles long:
three years' contract to responsible party.
GEO.A.POPPLETON.GoIdenWest Hotel, 3.F.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, $2500, doing business
bet. $&50 and $900 monthly: best location In
city. Address box 509. Call.
OLD stand: good trade; express wagon; two
horses. 399 Hayes st. . . .
TWO first-class restaurants and coffee sa-
loons for sale; sell one or both. Inquire of
the proprietor at 315 Bush st.
CORNER butcher shop: cash business $25 dally:
cheap; no agents. 225 Fourth St., room 12.
BARBERS, Investigate good shop In Oakland. I
Address box 1952, Call office, Oakland.
RESTAURANT for sale; splendid location. Ap-
ply at once, box 519, Call office.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable • wine
room with family trade. Box .".IS, Call office.
BARBER shop— First-class two-chair lie shop,
completely furnished rooms in rear; sickness.
Address box 1937, Call office.
GOOD paying grocery and bar in Mission; rea-
sonable. Inquire 1009 Mission st.
SHOE shop: doing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 232 Bush St.
WELL-EQUIPPED boarding and livery stable;
barn full: reason for selling sickness: must
sell before winter; 38 boarders: 20 livery and
work horses; buggies; surries: carriage;
double and single liarn-ss; all that a good
stable requires. Address box 377. Call Office.
j BAKERY and restaurant: would take partner;
good location: close to Market st.; all store
trade; In good running order; long ]»««';; good
reason for selling. Box 411, Call office.
GOOD corner ba!:ery; only store: doing good
business ; reason " for selling, other business
in the East. Apply Call office.
$&00. MORE or less, grocery stock at Invoice;
good locality: cheap rent; good reason for
selling: D. W. CORBIN. El Vlrano, Cat.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
rupplled as wanted at lowest prices. 107-10*
Beale «t. ' . .■ r- •
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
11. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
| 26-room house; rent $60 $ 750
9-room holme to rent; furnished.....
6-room Hat: rent $22 250
14 rooms on Sutter st 450 :
82 rooms: reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms; on Sutter ?t 250
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850
£ rooms: new furniture; cost $550 200 I
12 rooms on Market St.; rent $10 450 |
10-room house; only „ ISO
21 rooms; corner: clears $150.. 650 '
46-room house; corner l"ii)
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE
. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A--KREDO A CO 22*4 Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
10 rooms; bay-window corner; transient. .s 800 j
14 rooms; all bay-windows: a snap..- 800
23 rooms: Fifth st. clears $75 600
105 rooms; best known house on coast 4000
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— s2ooo; 64 rooms: best house In Oakland;
clears $150 month; also 40-room house, Oak-
land. KREDO A CO.. 22V4 Geary Ft.
A— sBso; HOUSE of .3.1 rooms: rent $50: on
Stockton St.; sickness In family cause of
great bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, SOS
Market «t.
32-ROOM sunny corner house; rooms all rented:
sell at ii fine bargain. 704 Howard st.. cor-
ner Third. : "
LADIES, If you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
FURNISHED house of 8 rooms: all full; price
$80: cheap rent. 406 Mason st.
HOUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale: cheap.
f,97 Kills st. ■■....■.
~ ATTORN BY S AT liAWT ~
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. < G. W
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market st.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; openevgs.AttyMc'Cabe, 103 La kin.
ADVICE free— W. P. '' ADAMS. 607 - Emma
Spreekels b1dg..?27 Market: charge, moderate.
L 8. CLARK— Emma Spreekels bldg.. 917 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance. '
ELEVENTH. Branch offlc* of Tl»» Call.
: Subscriptions and ads taken. ' . *
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE, 3543 Nineteenth St.. near Valencia; 6
rooms, bath; yard and garden; rent $25. Key
next door.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
• gomery st. ■
$3 OR 530.000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant aye.,
near Market St. •
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
gt.. near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath, basement; $15,
upper flat, a rooms, bath. Apply at 220 13th.
COMPLETELY furnished rear cottage of 6
rooma and bath; rent $18. Apply 1142 Post st
FLATS TO LET.
BERNARD, 10. bet. Pacific, Broadway, Taylor
and Jones — rooms and bath, $11.
! FELL, oil— Flat, .4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; yard and basement; rent $15;
key 13 Fell. .
MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent $20.
Apply 1642 Polk st.
SECOND, 625— Flat, « sunny rooms, $14; also
sunny cottage. •>"
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye..
near Market st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. v .
$12. Jl4, $17; FLATS, light and sunny: 4. 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary st.
$20— SUNNY bay-window flats; 6 rooms and
bathroom. 1683 Clay st.. corner Polk.
i $20— SUNNY bay-window flats; 6 rooms and
bnth. 1704 Washington St.. near Polk.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A_/VA.7~Ma>-T^Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
.la loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS", 15 Grant aye.. near
Market st. ■■■ '
CLEMENTINA, 707— Nice sunny _ housekeeping
' rooms; bath and wash room; $7.
! EDDY, 453— 3 unfurnished rooms; new flat; ele-
| gant parlor suite, with kitchen. .
EDDY, 917— Very desirable connecting a house-
| keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ELLIS 83.. corner Larkin— Bay-window alcove.
| $14; with kitchen and gas stove. $20. :
! FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
[ FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; rent $12 60.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
gunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
i HAMILTON place, off Folsom, bet. Second and
Third— Bay window; 3 rooms; yard; base-
ment; $11.
j HOWARD. 20O8A. nr. Sixteenth— 2 newly fur-
- nished rooms for housekeeping; bath;. $8, $10.
f HOWARD. 1428—3 large sunny unfurnished
I rooms; shed; yard; $9.
JACKSON. 920, near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms. $7. $8 to $9.
KEARNY, 104— Front suite; two unfurnished
rooms, $10; three rooms. $15; reference.
.KEARNY. near Suttcr— unfurnished
' front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; -heap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARKIN. 433— 2 rooms for housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
MISSION, 11254— Large front room furnished
for housekeeping; with coal stove; $S.
MISSION, Corner room with grate, use
oil stove, $3; one, $4. S
| MARKET. 10.S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet: call after 6 p. m.
NEW MONTGOMERY. Sunny front house-
keeping rooms; cheap: also single, 10c and 15c.
NINTH. 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
1 OAK. 4S— Sunny furnished rooms; housekeeping
if desired) gas, bath; private family.
SCOTT. 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms; bath; garden; $16; adults only.
SILVER, 165. nr. Fourth— Front parlor and
kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 21CU— 2 nice sunny front rooms for
light hkpgf also single; reasonable: quiet.
SIXTH. 393. corner Harrison— Sunny front
rooms, furnished for- housekeeping.
SIXTH. 420— Elegant furnished parlor suite;
also housekeeping rooms complete; reasonable.
SUTTER. 114S— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for light housekeeping: also office*.
i THIRD. 540— Single room, suitable for house-
keeping; rent $4.
THIRD. 309 — Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished for. housekeeping; other rms. cheap.
TWELFTH, 40. near Market— sunny
front suite for housekeeping or single; $6.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— 2 large
sunny front housekeeping rooms; furnished
complete: yard; $10. _. • -
3 AND 2 large unfurnished rooms; cellar and
yard : cheap. Inquire .'6l Sixth ft.
ROOMS VO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny rt.— Pleasant
tunny rooms: en suite or tingle; Crst-claai
In every respect: terms reasonable,
BALBOA. The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands:
rerfbvated; rooms Me. suites $1 per day: less
per week; country trade solicited: elev'tr:tel.
BOHEMIA— 239 Post— Sunny suites and single:
all conveniences; gentlemen or families; ele-
vator; references given.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth »\., corner Howard—
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a niwht:
$1 25 to $5 week: open all night; Howard---
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished room* and offices.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central: very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished tingle rooms, $5;
double, $7 upward; with gas and bath. ~<j
EDDY. 230, between Jones and Leavenworth—
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent. ■• .
EIGHTH, 36, nr. Market— Large neatly fur-
______ sunny room; bath; $0.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— sunny suites
& sing., $1 50. f« wk. ; 50c. $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
FOLSOM, 870— Furnished rooms, sunny, for
housekeeping; reasonable.
i GEARY. 428. "The Gage"— Elegant furnished,
en suite and single; hot and cold water; bath.'
GEARY, 622 — Large front sunny bay window
room" also others; hot and cold water.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— rer night., 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 •er week.
HARRISON, 925—1 or 2 furnished or unfur-
nished ' rooms, with fireplace. ■
; HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient. .
I HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J.King.
I HOWARD, S74— Sunny rooms cheap; or will
cell out cheap; good location. '
HOWARD, 3."H',i, near Sixth— furnished
sunny rooms; bath; $1 week up; quiet house.
MCALLISTER, r-17— Newly furnished , rooms;
gas; bath: grates; hot and cold water; rea-
1 sonable. .
McALLISTER, 635— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private; cheap to steady parties.
MECHANICS' HOUSE. 436 Fifth— Everything
new; rms., single or suite.' $1 wk. up; trans-
clent: bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Fotsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, Single and double, $1 and $175
- week.
MINNA, Large sunny front parlor; uphol-
stered furniture; $8.
MISSION. 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient; new house; central.'
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
room) folding bed; grate; gas: $8. '- . ■ •
O'FARRELL. — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, .week or month.
PIEDMONT House. 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single;. first class.
PINE. 1004, near Taylor— Sunny. furnished and
unfurnished rooms; reasonable. .
POST, 909— Newly - furnished' sunny rooms;
single and double; $5, $7, $8; private house. '
SEVENTH, 179— New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny; single or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
BELL your furniture to UNCLE v HARRIS,. 15
Grant aye., near Market st, • . - - -••;•,'
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished ■ and unfurnished. .:
STOCKTON. ■ 242— Sunny front • rooms ; suites,
single; - facing plaza; 1 day or. month.
SUTTER, Ull— Clean and comfortable furnished
rooms; single and en suite: very reasonable.
THIRTEENTH. 175— 2 or i rooms, • partly , fur-
nished: $10 and $12. ' :-~
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
TYLOR. Handsomely furnished suite; suit-
able for doctor's office, clairvoyant, or mas-
sage parlors; transient solicited.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely . furnished front rooms;
en suite or Finale: bath. gas.
TURK. 529— Single furntehed room, $1 25 per
week; also one unfurnished.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladles, !
where those who wish to borrow money on j
watches and jewelry are waited on, at UN- :
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., nr. Market st.
■■
ROOMS AND HOARD.
ELLIS. 826— Nicely furnished single front room,
first floor; $8; with or without board.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suite?, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
HOWARD, Large sunny rm., grate, large
j closet, with board., for 2 young men; $35.
PARK House. Twenty-fourth and Mission—
I Board and lodging, $4 GO and. ss; rooms, $1 25 I
up; board without room. $3 50.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front ai-
cove room, . :
O'FARRELL. 742— Sunny. single rm.: also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts; piano.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye..
near Market st.
SI.'TTER. ,112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable.
VAN NESS. 400— Large sunny room with board
for two; separate beds: very cheap.
VAN NESS aye.. -519— Sunny furnished suites j
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS. 930— Beautiful sunny rooms, with
board; electric lights: reasonable.
CHILDREN' HOARDED.
EXPERIENCED lady would board infant or
older children; mother's care; $10. 2SS2 Six-
teenth St., near Howard.
! TURK. 524 — Wanted children or Infants to
board; Ger, fam.; good home; mother's care.
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar to let. Northwest corner
Eighth and Natoma stß. ; living rooms.
STORE; 3 sunny living rooms; rent $12 50. HO
j Fillmore st., corner HRlght. , ,
$9 AND $10: 2 stores, with living room. 339 Noe
St.. near Market: stable if desired. i-
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA~6PREC'KELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
DOCTOR'S office,' parlor and bedroom; rent
$30. 700 Broadway, corner of Stockton.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Double parlors, car-
| peted, suitable for doctor, dentist: gas; bath.
MISSION, 858 — Suitable for physician: occu-
pled by such formerly.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE, 4 stalls or more if desired; $11 per
month. 415 First gt. •■■'■.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. '
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD. . ■-■'.-■
• - $3 50 per month rent; new pianos. ■:•;.. '
Heine upright $293 00. ..:■.<> '
Steinway upright ...... 187 50 ,-::,
Chlckering upright '233 00' - .!'
Sohmer upright ".;.. 113 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct'
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of :
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
name as if purrhnnegl for all cash: < bar-grains-
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some goo<l pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN*. CLAY A CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter ;
Bts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth I and
Broadway. Oakland. ,-". ,*, : j
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. :
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer, the greatest
bargains in- pianos and musical merchandise:
call- and - get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. '■
A STEINWAY, $175; Steck. $150; Estey. $225;
Fischer, . $2 30: Weber. $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $150 up; rent allowed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House, 204 Post st.
FINE .Hazelton. Flßcher, . Newton. Dewing
Bros, and others at snap prices, Friday and
Saturday. Room 12. Flood building.
WM. O. BADGER, "415 Baeramento St., agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co., Boston. ."■ -
| AN elegant Pteinway upright, but . little used
| and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Wareroomß. ISIB Market st.
BFX.T CURTAZ A SON. *o|e agents for CMck-
erlng, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell ft.
GOOD Hazelton piano cheap for cash. Room
10, Flood building.
A FINE bargain: Weber upright, only $60. 216
Post st.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chlckering upright
sacrificed KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Stelnway: great bargain. PCIIMITZ,
U McAlllxter Bt.. next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st. - ■ ■
lIAINES Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHAPE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLMSR, maker, repairer. 2 I,atham place.
DENTISTS. ~
A METAL plate for the »ame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $6; cro\.ns.'s3; fill-
ings, Me; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. . Entrance 8 Mason St. •■ .
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 yean;
. teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
• work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE- W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first prizes;
no students; guarantee 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth, $5 ifp: fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less end guaranteed to stand: open evenings.
997 Market St., corner; Sixth. ; '. •■^-.:.>--
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 969 Mission st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work i.nd fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth.
$4; filling, gold. 50c; silver. . 25c: ■ crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 Crown and
bridge work specialists: crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth .without a plate. . DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. . ,
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. -. ■ '
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-!
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;-
electrical, civil and mining engineering ;
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grud.-
uateo placed since 1892; catalogue. ,-,- ',
A YRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;. : Indi- 1
vidual Instruction In shorthand. *vplng. book-
keeping,- telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, *o0; low rates
per week and month. ;. ;.. /- -. >
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min- '
Ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day 'ft eve •
est. 1564. VAN PER- NAILLEN, 533 Market.
ELOCUTION * oratory; F. C.'Caldwell; 16 yrV
■ experience. Emma Spreckels 'ldg, 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lln. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 8541 24th St. |
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, • 123« Maiv . !
Bket Bt.: 400 positions secured In last 2 years*
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. .Tarr;..f72.Parrr)tt.;Mdg. ', '
— — — — — i— - —^— — — — — ;— — —
--- ; TYPE WRITERS. " '^';; < : \vj
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
.used for sale cheap; send fcr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER A CO.. no Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25: Caligraph. $15; Yost. $25;
get cample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O" Donnell. office |
[ and residence, 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th. j
PERSONALS. X * -
JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each. with about 10 pupils, beginning-
January, being impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly $2. ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121- Murphy bidg.. Jones and Market.
LEDERER'S QUINONIA— This celebrated Hair
Tonic is a cure for Dandruff; 3."> c bottle; try-
it. G. LEDERER. 123- Stockton St.
THERE is but one 'Hairdresser la town. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton St., charges but 25c.
LEDERER'S Foamo, best shampoo, 5c pkg.;
switches, $1 up; curls, 45c pr.;'Sund.. 9 to 12.
1-,-OIES only; "Ladies*^ Friend"; advice, ca.cs
and sample free. 1128 Market St., room 2.
CLOTHING, especially ladies* and children's;
\ highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present ; stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., 118 Stockton st. .
ELECTRIC lights in every room: ' Winchester
House. 44 Third st, near Market; 200 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I CHRISTMAS Sale — Japanese bamboo furniture:
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO. 313 Butter.
SUITS' to order on Installments at cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUN 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on 'easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST style dresses made. $5 to $6; dresses
made over. 3 Eddy St., rooms 14 and 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
! College. 916 Market: men and women teachers.
spiritualism.
"attentionT" ~-r~~r ~ -
MRS. dr. a. d. HOWE. .
The celebrated medium, and clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks .«" question, but before you
utter a word she tells- you in full or all that
you are interested in: business, speculation.-
love, marriage, divorce, tells", of friends and
enemies, locates mines and buried* treasures.
- TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
5 Medicines," registered and copyrighted, euro
all dlesases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases., heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she hap made are the -talk of the whole slope..
All correspondence sacredly confidential:
Treatment and consultation *y mail always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
-1104 Market St., S. F.. The Vendome.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
aye., -near Market st.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and psychometrist, box 118, Oakland, Cal.,
diagnoses disease by mail without symptoms
required, from lock of hair;' s 2-cent stamps:
rock from mines read, $2 50; life readings by
mall, $2 50. ...
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life- reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed- remedies: consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 231',-j. 6th.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: .Tuen.-Frl.. 2 p. m.
Mon.. »■ 2ilc;- fittings $1, 233 Valencia st. ■.
' •' " -- ■ ■ CLAIRVOYANTS. - - - - i
A- MRS. DR. F. CLARK. • !
Permanently tLocated in San Francisco,
'' • At 1023% Market Street. ....
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While ' entranced gives aid atid advice which
will overcome . your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
I with the one you love no failure, remove influ-
j ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
I rect , information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
J
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023V4 Market st.
MME.. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clalr-
voyant and card reader. 1159 Mission st. » v
Mrs. Hoskins.tr. medium, rdgs dally, $1; cir-
cleg Tues. eve.. 25c. 322 S. Spring. Los Angeles.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession. has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MME. RA VENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st:
i MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
j reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.;
j MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 313 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTKY.
I SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR.
room 143. Phelan- building; third floor.
MEDICAL.,
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
_ Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk St., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort ; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St.. between
Hyde and Larkln.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never 1 been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones. '
ALL Ladies-^C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratclce; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
voided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though el«e fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
- lay; self-cure sent; call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES,. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause an.l how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly alt
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: no instruments used: guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly: hours
: 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
I Market st. , bet. I Mason and Taylor. v -
AILMENTS— Ladies in trouble see Dts. Good-
■ win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 21
■ hours guaranteed: any complaints; no Instru-
■ ments; ■ maternity home: best medical at-
tendance; cure, $3. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 13G2A Mkt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
c ialist; all . monthly irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write; confidential. v- 1023% Market.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C0.. 406 C1ay at.!
■ $1 60.': Send. 2c stamp" for circulars to SEGU-
. t RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St.. Sacramentc. Cal. '"
DR. I and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
• • aye. ; private home In confinement,' with every
. • comfort;- best; care and attendance: "terms
' moderate: Infants adortetl' lnto good homes. .;.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles: with
female* troubles: ' no danger;: safe cure: $5 50;
V expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
■ OSGOOn BROS.. Coast -Agents.. Oakland Cat.'
- MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant. •- sunny
.. hom^ ' In-, confinement. > 156 ' Second . St. Tele- 1
,;;'• phone Green 82., -. ■'■:<- ■■•'.•■ ■ -*. ■■-*•>'•-. -
I'Bellevtie Sanitarium— eared for -during
confinement. 727 Tlellevue bvc. Los Angeles.
- ', CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning I Works — Cleans,
. moves, lays" carpets., C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth . St. :. telephone ■ South 250. x ■■,■
WHEN you become -dlsttrusted '.rith poor work
».' send ; to.- B PAULDING'S Pioneer' Carpet-
.;" ;• b'litaig- : Works,'; 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. - S. , '.0. '■
■ . CARPETS cleaned •at 3c per yard: ' laid nt So. :
STRATTON"S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie ; 944. • -
! J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
: st. ; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
! CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. ?33 Golden
■< Oate . aye. : / tel . East 126. ... ; . ;.-.: :-/--;, ;.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.; .02 Sutter st.;'
: tel. -Main 394. OEO. WOLCOM.' Proprietor. :.' j.
•-■•-■.;.: ■-■■•.-■'.. STORAGE^ '.V- ' .f- V ; v. -.-■--
i PIERCE-RODOLPH . Storage : and Moving ' Co. vl
-■ • flee 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main sn\ t
CITY REAL ESTATE. ,
NEW 3- room cottage with level lot, near Mis-
sion and Thirtieth sts.; $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
ALL that are troubled, whether ...ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR.
• RIS, 15 Grant aye.. near Market St.
FOR a select . Christmas present— Charming
country seat, lot, adjacent to railroad depot;
adjoining D. O. Mills' tree-covered domains; |
this side of Burl'ingame; climate exquisite;
water, subjacent; fertile soil; to see is to
admire and desire it in the family. WIL-
LIAM BUTTEREIELD, room 2. Crocker bldg.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. • GEO. M. SALSBURT. Build-
«r. E2l X St.. Sunset district.
! COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
SONOMA County land: send for bargain list.
ANDREW PRICE. Healdsburg, Cal.
BARGAINS:— 20-acre- tracts: level, rich val-
' ley land; within 25 - m»*>s of Oakland; price
way down. Box 731. Call office.
TO rent— .">o9 acres of grain and meadow land.
Maxin Co. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
PROPERTY TO EXCHAA'GK.
TO exchange;' 40 acres placer mineral land:
well watered and timbered: good for agricul-
ture-, or gold. - Box 1083. Call office. - ■ • -
WHAT- have you to exchange for 4 city lots,
small incumbrance, . worth $2000? Box 514,
Call office. ■ . .
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land - or . Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ' .
HIGHLY ■ respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 40S, Parrott building.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003% Broadway.
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
DIAMONDS, diamonds: highest amount loaned,
lowest Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant av. .
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
. moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
■ private party. BONNELH. 130 Powell St.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate, 2d
, and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
J5OOO IN sums to suit; reliable parties. 120 Ellis
st., room 4, until Jan. 1.
BORROW from' the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st., opp. Oiympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister, st.
SECOND mortgagee and undivided interestß in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO" $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dp-den, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL. ■ • ■
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$285 CASH; small monthly Installments as rent
till paid for; a new, cozy cottage. 3 large
rooms; quite a little ranch; 6 fine lots;- all
picket fenced; chicken houses and outhouses;
city water and fine well of spring water;
flowers and nice garden; a self-sustaining
home: price $1400; 3 electric car lines and flue
school house near by; Allendale settlement.
East Oakland; climate and soil the best; grand
view; no fogs nor cold winds here; 48 families
now own .their homes; all ' within 2 years.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh St.. cor-
ner Broadway. Oakland;, carriage * free. H.
Z. JONES, owner. '- yy- •* ■" •
A BEAUTIFUL Home— One of the neatest and
best built homes in Oakland: new; Just com-
pleted ;' must be sold immediately;" 2-story, 7
rooms and bath; 5 lr.rge closets and pantry;
plumbing nickel-plated; roll-rim • bath tub:
cement steps and walk;- gas fixtures and
shades in house: only 6 minutes' walk from
broad gauge station; large lot; price $380*
complete: terms to suit; call at once and be
shown the house. Lake Shore Land Co., 1070
Broadway, Oakland. .
___________
OAKLAND HOXSES.
EQUITY of $2000 in Oakland house and lot; ex-
change for small improved mountain ranch.
Box 18.-9, Call offW.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FtT?.vmJP.E-aimd nnd ••hwT H. SCHKW-
KAAf old »tor. 4fl« Kl»i-«"T*. ■<» >a«« M—
1 ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 6O cents on the dollar; one 5. one
6 and one 7 room cottage; also for investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent;,
best location. Apply.to A. R. DENKE SR.,
Webster st. station, narrow gauge. : '.
HOUSES built to order at -your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder, 1243 Park St. :
ili;HM.i.l l REAL ESTATE^ j
FOR SALE— Fine place in the center of Berke-
ley for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home;
six acres; house, barn, outhouses, windmill
and all Improvements: price $7000. . -.. ■
D. J. TOBIN, Real Estat» Agent.
-: . 2121 Stanford place. i
PLEASANT home of 7 rooms, on improved
street, for only $2250. O. G. - MAY & CO.,
2123 Center St. -■■---. ...
____ _____
LOST.
LOST— Strayed or stolen, from 10158 Post St.,
an English pug dog: black head, and an-
swers to the name of Jack. Finder- will re-
ceive; handsome reward by returning to above
address. . • ■ " -• .
SUNDAY at ferry. Scotch terrier answering
- name Muggie: nickel-plated collar; reward.
623 Golden Gate aye.
Feather boa, on Austin st. Return to
1609 Gough st. . -
WHITE cow! brown spots on shoulder: left
horn broken. Reward at Seven-Mile House,
San Pablo road. Contra Costa County.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS',. IS Grant aye., near Market st., the
. surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms. \ ;
$10 RETURN black greyhound bitch: white
feet and breast: name Nettie; no questions.
GEO. FLETCHER. Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FOUND. ~~~
FOUND— Dec. 11: brown hunting dog at San
Bruno marsh. Owner will please call at 144
First street. :
RESOLUTION — At a meeting of theßoardof
New City Hall Commissioners, held , Decem-
ber 16, IS9B, the % following resolution was
ordered . passed to print: ■■- ■■; -*v ':>.
Resolved, . that the following • final ac-
ceptance payment be passed to print: James
J. O'Brien, on contract. No. 83. the sum of
$30. 0_; 06; also final payment to John J.
McGowan, contract No. 87, sum of $627 50;
John D. Spreckels & Bros. Co., $786 50; John
Quadt, $55; Gladding. Mcßean & Co., $608 50;
W. H. McCormack, $25.
Ayes — commissioners ' Phelan, Broderlck,
Gallagher. '
SAMUEL H. BECKETT,
: - - - . - :"■ Acting Secretary.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death " notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either, of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. '
BROOKING— In this city, December 14. IS9S. to
.the wife of H. E. Brooking, a daughter.
HUXTABLE— In >this city, 'December 16. IS9B.
• to the wife of H. J. Huxtable. a daughter.
UPP— In this city. • 'December 10, 1898; . to the
.-' wife of W. A. Upp. a son. ■•-V < ■■ .
-..■;.:'- MARRIED.;
AUSTAD— KNUSTEN— In ! this city, December
. .', 10. ■ IS9B. by the Rev. E. •M. Stensrud, . Ing-
vald Austad and Teodora Knusten, both of
£an Francisco. . .'...., •  'V T
" BURNS— In this city, at the home of
the bride. December 13, IS3B. by the Rev. Wil-
, .liamßader, David 8.,801t0n of Guernevllle.
: Cal., and Hazel B. Burns of San Francisco. •
JENSEN— HANSEN— In this city, December 15,
' \ 1898." by the - .Rev. E. .M. -Stensrud. : Jens
, Krislian Jen.sen And , Marie . Hansen of El
' DnradQ, ; f"alave.ras County, Cal. .•./-: ' . '. ■
SKAU— LUND— In this* city, • December. 11. 1898.
by the Rev. .E. M. Stensrud. - Carl Peter. Alex-
i : ander Skau . and Anna Nis^en Lund. both of
. Pan Francisco. - / : . ■'■.', - - ; -.- -■'
-__-____^___ .„.
. Anstutz. Charles L. Kelly, Richard
- • Auser, • Elijah .W. • ? " Koenig, Ellen
; Bone, ; Beatrice MeMurdo. - Elizabeth
Brooks, Ann : •;■.. Mattson, Olga C. F.
;. Byrnes, \ George .- , Nichols. William A.
•; l . Casallas. Juana : •'■.'•• Olson. Carrie - '.
i » Copp, Lincoln J. •; Roark, Thomas P.
Dart, Hester A. ..--. Roller!, Rachele ?v-.'.Vr
. Distel, -.Victor L. f~. . Sellnger. '- Louise
■•: Dugan. Mark M. Smith. Ellen
Eckart, John D. Ppillard, Moggie
Ellis. James J. Sullivan. Jame»
Ertola,. Antoinetta TomsKy. Herbert
Frazier, John Waters, Lizzie A
Griffin. James A. Wood. Daniel J.
Holmes, Simon
ANSTUTZ-In Oakland. December 16, 1898,
Charles L. Anstutz. beloved Uther of Mrs. H.
Grandgeau and Mrs. H. L. Anstutz of Napa.
a native of Switzwrland, aged 73 years 8
months and 16 days.
CThe services will take place in Napa
to-morrow (Sunday). Interment private.
AI'SER— In this city, December W, 1898, Elijah
W. Auser, a native of New York, aged 79
years s months and 29 days.
BONE— In Alameda. December 16. 1898, Bea-
trice. Infant daughter of William 11. and
Abigail M. Bone (nee Schlink), and sister of
Irma Bone, aged 5 months an.l 21 days.
BROOKS— In this city. December lfi. 1898, Ann,
widow of the late Uob.-it C Brooks and be-
' loved mother of Mrs J. W. Porter of Auck-
land. N. Z., and David. Lillian and Josephine
Brooks, a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 76
years.
C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
BYRNES— In - this city. December 13. 1898,
George Byrnes, a native of Ireland, aged 32
years.
[^Officers and members of Marine En-
gineers'. Association No. 35, are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral this day (Sat-"
urday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of '
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
CASALLAS— In the City and County Hospital.
December 16, 1898. Juana Casallas, a native
of Mexico, nged SO years.
COPP— In Alameda, Roy, oldest child of Lin-
coln' J. and Jennie Copp, a native of Cali- '
fornia, aged 12 years 2 months and 20 days.
DART— In Oakland, December 15. IS3B, Heater
A., widow of the late I'utman C. Dart, aged
57 years.
Ev""The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from 1129 • Myrtle
street, Oakland. Interment private. : . s
DISTEL— In Mountain View. Santa Clara
County, Cal., December W. ISSS, Victor L., •
beloved son of Bernard and Caroline Distel,.
and brother of Alice, Eugene, Julia and-.
Fanny Distel. a native of California, aged 23
years 1 month and 16 days.
C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents at Mountain View. Services
and Interment at Santa Clara.
DL'GAN— in this city, December 13. IS9B, Mark. ,
Martin, beloved husband of Ellen Dugan,.
and father of Charles E. Dugan, a. native- of '
Aylesf ord. Nova Scotia, aged 75 years • Z
months and 10 days. (Nova Scotia, and Boston
papers please copy.)
ttTFriencis and acquaintances are respect- <
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.'
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
building-. Remains at the rarlurs of Craig
& Cochran, Mint avenue.
ECKART— In this city, December 13. 1898, John..
D., dearly beloved son of John and Elizabeth-,
Eckart, and brother of the late P. A. Eck-i
art. Mrs. James McDonnell and Mrs. Dr. A. :
N. Roberts, a native of Virginia City, aged 26 ;
years and 9 months. ( Amador County papers
please copy.). '-■-'■ "-
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect- •
fully invited to att«nd the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hail, corner Seventh' an* Market streets,
where services will be held. Hen-.al.ns at the
parlor* of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company. 8 and 10 City, Hall square. Inter- ;
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. " ■ . 1: ;
ELLIS— In this city. December 15, 1898. Jnmjea
J.. beloved htlsband Of Armip Ellis.- and father
. of John.. Willie, and George Ellis, _ a .native «c
County Cork. . Ireland. . .'
|Ts*Friencls and' acquaintances are. respect-;
fully invited to attend the funera* to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8;30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 32*8 Twenty-first street, thence to St.
James Church;: where a solemn requiem high
mass.xriM be celebrated for the repose. of his
soul,', commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery- -. . -. - ■?? • '.'.•
ERTOLA— In this city. December 16. IS9B, An-
toinetta, beloved wife of Biagro f Ertola. and
' mother of. Josephine Ertola. a native of
■ Italy, aged 60 years and 8 months. '<;,
FRAZIER— In the City and County Hospital.
- December 1*!, IS9B. John Frazler. a native of
• New York, aged 62 years.
GRIFFIN— In this city. December 16, IS3S,
. James Albert, only and dearly beloved son
■ of . James J. and Emma Griffin, and brother
of Edna- and Maggie Griffin, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years 5 months and 26 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the, funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the. residence of
his parents. 22t> Clara street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . ", ' ■'.
HOLMES— In this . city, December 1". . 1&33.
Simon Holmes, a native of County Wexford,
Ireland, aired 65' years. '
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),' at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, December 13, IS9B, Rich-
ard, husband of the late Sarah Kelly,
father of Dr. Winifred M. Byrne, and grand-
father of Frank M. Byrne, a native of Sligo,
Ireland, aged 80 "years 10 months and IS
days. • ,-.; ■ ■ . ."" . ;■-.,'.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from his late rest-,
dence. 393 Geary street. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
KOENIG — In Healdsburg, Sonoma- County, De-
cember 14, IS9S. Ellen, beloved wife of Frank
Koenig Sr.. and mother of Mrs. J. P. Berry
of Santa Rosa. .
McMURDO— In this city, December 16. 1898.
Elizabeth A., beloved wife of Dr. John R.
MeMurdo. a native of San Francisco, aged 33
year* 5 months and 28 days.
ID' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
December 19, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
• residence, 171S Geary street, thence to St.
■Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. , In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MATTSON— In this city. December 16. 1898.
Olga C. F. . eldest and dearly beloved daugh- •
. ter of Albert and Anna Mattson, and sister
of Lillie and Hazel Mattson, a native of San .
Francisco, aged 9 years 4 months and 26 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
jj (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence t"T
. her parents, 326 Francisco street, between
Stockton and Powell.
NICHOLS— this city, December 13, 1898,-
William A. Nichols, a native of New York,
aged 4S years. ' ■ • .. .■-'.'.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the .parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. '
OLSON— In this city, December 14. 1898, Carrie,'
■ beloved wife of E. Olson; a - native of Vic-
toria, B. C, aged 31 years 1 month and 21
. days. \ ■ : :
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- ,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day .
-(Saturday), from the parlors of H. P. Peter-
son * Co.. 228 McAllister street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. . • ' •
ROARK— In West Berkeley. December I*. 18&g.
Thomas P., beloved son of Katie Roark.
brother of Lillian F., John L.. Helen and.-'
Eugene W. Roark. and beloved nephew of
John. Nellie and Tim Hayes, a native of.
' Berkeley, Cal., aged 4 years 9 months and 13 ,
days.
ROLLERI— In this city, December 15. 1898.
Rachele, dearly beloved daughter of Vittoria
and the late Giovanni Rolleri, and sister of
Domenlco and Natale Rolleri and Caterina
Ageno. a native of Italy, aged 18 years and S
months.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2 Filbert place, thence to Sts. Peter
and Paul's (Italian) Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10:J0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SELINGER— In this city. December 13. 1898
Louise, wife of Raimond Selinger, a native of
Baden, Germany, aged 36 years 6 months and
56 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr &- Co.. 12'">!< Mission str»<-t. near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, December 15. 1898. at her
residence. 3.151 Twenty-first street. Ellen,
relict of the late J. J. Smith, a natH*e of
Ireland.
|C7"Tho funeral will take ->lace this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at Auburn.
SPILLARD— In this city. December 15. 1898.
Maggie Spillard. a native of St. Joseph, Mo.
Hi^The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 2!) Fifth
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at S:3O o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 16, IS9B,
.Tames, dearly beloved husband of Caroline
Brown Sullivan, a native of Glasgow, Scot-
■ land, aged 70 years.
TOMSKY- In this city, December 15, IS9B, Her-
bert, beloved son of William and Teresa
Tomsky, a native of San Francisco, aged 11
months and 18 days.
WATERS— In this city, December 15. IS9B, LiB-
zle Adelle, beloved wife of R. J. Waters,
daughter of Mrs. E. W. Parker, and sister of
George F. Parker of Berkeley, a native of
San Francisco, aged 38 years in months and 5
days. (Berkeley papers please copy.)
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the First
Congregational Church, corner Durant avenue
end Dana street, Berkeley. San Francisco
friends take the 12 o'clock boat from San
Francisco; get off at Dwight way. Berkeley.
WOOD— In this city. December 16. ISM, Daniel
J., beloved husband of Annie Wood, and
father of Oladvs Wood, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 62 years.
THE monthly solemn requiem mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association will be suns in St. ;
Domintc'F Church, corner T?u.«h and St»iner
streets, this day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock.
MRS. M. SCHUSSLER desires to thank her
many friends for their kind attention.
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUAL'-RRI
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
1112
SAY THEY HAD
A RIGHT TO
ROB THE DEAD
CLAIM MADE BY THE
DBFENSE.
Attorney Bennett Declares the
Father of Lillian Brandes
Was Privileged to Muti
late Her Corpse.
The sensation yesterday was the re
markable turn given to the Brandes mur
der trial by the publication In yesterday's
Call ■!' the fact that the murdered girl
■was buried Without ber skull, which was
taken from her coffin by representatives
of the defense just a f<-w minutes before
the funeral services commenced.
But for a trifling incident no one would
have known except Dr. Woolsey and At
torney iicnn<>ti that Lillian's skull had
been removed and would be used a3 evi
dence in the trial of the case. Deputy
Coroner Streightif left the morgue at
Berkeley just a? Dn Woolsey and Attor
ney Bennett arrived. He extracted a
promise irnni them that they would leave
every thi up us they found it. When he re
turned half an hour later the friends wore
arriving to follow the murdered girl's re
ni;>ins to the grave.
In placing the lid on the coffin Streigh
tif happened to place his hand on the top
of the girl's head to straighten out the
disheveled hair. This exhibition of ten
derness—for it could have been nothing
fine, under the circumstances— brought to
light the fact that there was nothing un
der the hair. Those who had taken the
Fkull tad arranged the hair so as to cover
up their work, and had done it so well as
t" deceive any one who looked at the gin'a
face.
Strelehtif's fingers as he ran them
through the long hair at once revealed
the absence of the skull. The minister
was present and friends were standing
around the coffin. =n Streightlf's profes
sionalism came to his aid, and he decided
not to precipitate any unpleasantness at
the last moment, bo he strewed on the lid
and allowed the body to be buried.
As soon as possible streightif com
municated with Attorney Bennett and the
latH r told him that he had takc-a the
and that there need be no Bensatlon
made about it, a? he had acted within
liis right. This did not satisfy Ptreightif.
who demanded from Attorney Bennett a
receipt for the skull. The attorney gave
him the unique document, which In Itself
will be part of the evidence to be used at
the trial in proving that the skull, which
will h>- produced in court, is in reality
that taken from the head of the dead girl.
The receipt was very carefully worded
and r'-a'ls:
Received of Deputy Coroner
Streightif the skull of Lillian
Brandes, deceased, to be used as cvi
is reproduced so naturally on the
GramOphone
th.it all the true tone quali-
ties, peculiar to ench instrument are
ret.ri.e !. Ws have records of most
all instalments by noted players.
The record discs of the Gram-o-
phone are indestructible.
Price $27.50
two records free
Adiitlopal records 60c; $7 ■ dozen
Constantly on exhibition at
SHERMAN, CLAY & COS
Piano and Music House
Keamv and Sutter Sts. San Francisco
Send for printed matter about the
Gram-o phonp
dence in the case of the people vs.
Brandes. JOHN E. BENNETT,
Of Counsel for Defense.
! This Is all the substitute that Streigh
: tif has for Lillian Brandes' skull. When
i asked for a statement regarding this re
1 markable case, Attorney Bennett said:
"1 did go to the Coroner's office at
Berkeley, accompanied by Dr. Woolsey,
to niak>> an examination of the body of
Lillian Brandes. We arrived then- just
before the funeral was held. Mr. Streigh
! lif went away and left the body for us
I to make whatever examination we de
| sired. He asked us to leave everything
! as we found it, and we agreed to do so.
, His remark meant that he did not wish
I us to leave the body disarranged or to do
anything that would give him work.
In* this respect we kept our word. We
found the body In a low coffin, ready for
I the funeral, and Mr. Strelghtif objected
very much to having us make an exami
nation at that time. When we saw the
condition of the skull we decided to take
it with us to be used as evidence in the
1 case and at the proper time to be used as
an exhibit. We did not mutilate the dead
i girl for the skull had been detached at
' the autopsy. When the Coroner returned.
Dr. Woolsey Was ready to leave in his
buggy, which had been standing outside.
But I remained several minutes later.
"The head was stuffed with excelsior
| and neatly sewed over, and presented in
no way a disarranged appearance. I re
i malned with Mr. Streiprhtif after his re
turn, hut said nothing to him about the
removal of the skull, because It was
within half an hour of the time set for
the funeral. People were already begln
i ning to rap on the door for admittance.
There was also another man in the room
j with us. and I did not care to talk of the
matter at the time, because it might ap
pear a little grewsome; that is to say, It
might be so regarded by the popular mind
and cause whisperings during the funeral.
Then again. Deputy Coroner Streightlf is
of a somewhat excitable disposition, and
could not perhaps appreciate the rights
of attorneys in such matters. So 1 thought
it best to ke-'p the information from him
until after the funeral. Had he not dis
covered it we should not have said any
thing about the skull until we produced It
at the trial.
"I believe that we are perfectly justified
by law in taking: the skull. If there be
any property :n a girl's dead body it cer
tainly belongs to her father, and we were
acting for him and with his authority.
We contend that it is a great deal easier
to show to a jury the condition of the j
skull by presenting it to the jurors and !
letting them see it for themselves than
by permitting a half dozen physicians to
describe in scientific and ambiguous terms
that which the skull itself can show at a
glance.
"As a matter of fact, the skull does not
show any evidence of being beaten. In
examining the witnesses for the prosecu
tion they were all very careful. Knowing
we had the skull, to account for the fact
that there were no injuries visible on the
outside of the skull. They all explained
that a young girl's skull could be heavily
beaten and that the evidence would be ln-
Bide and not outside.
"Another point of great importance is
the testimony of the experts regarding
hanging. One afternoon 1 asked Dr. Bu
teau if it were not possible for all the
symptoms of hanging to be absent and
yet for death to nave been caused by
hanging. Dr. Huteau ridiculed the idea,
hut next morning, after he nad looked the
matter up. h<- found that such Is some
times the case, and we contend that it
was in this case."
Although holdln 1 - the receipt for the
skull of Lillian Brandes, the prosecution
declares that it will be a very hard mat
ter to prove that the skull is really that
«it' the dead girl. It has already been ad
■ mittt-d by thr> defense that the skull was
I r>,)t r'-e»'inted for until after It was taken
i from Lillian's coffin and that it has been
|in their possession ever since. Should the
skull not compare with the testimony of
the experts for the prosecution, the State
: will no doubt deny that the skull pro
duced In evidence is the skull of Lillian,
and will force the defense to prove that
it is. Even *he exhuming of the body at
, that time might not prove that the skull
held by the defense was really a portion
of the muruered girl's head. When asked
about this matter Dr. Buteau said:
"When the skull is produced in court I
hope, if It differ at all from the testimony,
that it will differ very materially. I d"o
not knew whose hands the skull may pass
i through before it gets before a jury, and
I shall make no criticisms. I have! how
i ever, a very positive knowledge of the
i exact condition of the skull and raera
! branes at the autopsy, and if they are not
; the same when 1 a^ain see them I shall
I instantly recognizp any change, and so, I
am sure, will the other physicans in high
standing who were present with me at the
J an: >psy."
Judge J. J. Allen. District Attornpy
elect. who has been conducting the pros
ecution of Hrandes. thinks it hard
ly probable that any charges will be pre
ferred against Attorney Bennett and Dr.
Woolsey on account of their having re
moved the skull cap from the girl's head.
•■Of course, not having as yet assumed
the office of District Attorney." he said
I "it is not for me to make any move in
i the matter. That is a question for Mr.
Snook to deride I have read the see-
I tlon of the penal code providing for the
. punishment of body snatchers, and while
I have not studied it closely, it Is my be
lief that the statute is so loosely drawn
that it would be very difficult to obtain
a ennviction should Mr. Bennett ami I>r
Woolsoy be charged with desecrating the
body (if the dead rirl. I think it very
doubtful if it would be advisable to pro
ceed against them.
"As far as the prosecution is concerned
the fact that the defense has possession
r.f the skull makes little difference. We
have made our entire case on the ground
that, the skull shows death was Sue to
violent blows on the head. Our expert
witnesses, who examined tho skull short
ly after It was first discovered that the
girl had been murdered, have all testified
to this fact. They base their belief on
the discoloration* of th* blood vesspls be
tween the plates of the skull and the
adhesion Oi tu* membranes of the brain
to the bone. The doctors are all reputa
ble physicians r^qun] in skill to Dr. Wool
sey. They found the skull in such a
condition that they believed the girl had
been killed by a blow on the head. They
arrived at their com-lnsion from an ex
amination nf the skull snnn after death
Whether the discolorations noticed by
them are still evident T do not know
The time which has plafesed may have
effaced them, or they mny have been re
moved by other means, but the fact that
they were there we can clearly prove by
the physicians who have nlreadv testified
In the preliminary hearing which resulted
In Prandes beinc held to answer for the
murder of rifs daughter.
"The question of th" legality of the
action of the defense laid aside." they de
serve public condemnation for their' des
ecration of th<» body of Miss Brandes. I
believe that the sentiment of the people
Is penlnst them. They went in an un
derhanded way to the Coroner's office and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1898.
eurreptitously removed the skull of the
dead girl, hoping by thus robbing the dead
to acquit of the charge of murder the
man believed to be responsible for the
death.
"The first I knew of the fact that they
had taken the skull was last Thursday.
Dr. Buteau, the autopsy surgeon, testi
fied in court that day, and after leaving
the stand I overheard a remark he made
to Mr. Bennett that led me to believe
that the attorney had possession of the
skull. The day Bennett and Dr. Wool
sey visited the Morgue, Deputy Coroner
Streightlf telephoned of the fact, but I
thought nothing of the matter, and at
that time was not aware that the skull
had been taken."
Dr. E. H. Woolsey, the physician who,
at the request of Attorney Bennett, re
moved the skull cap from the head of the
dead girl, refused to speak of the part he
took in the affair. "When the proper time
arrives," he said. "I 'will tell in an offi
cial way what I know of the transaction.
This will probably be when the case
comes to trial in the Superior Court and
I am subpenaed as a witness. Until then
it would hardly be professional for me to
say anything.
On being asked as to the legality of the
action of himself and Attorney Bennett
in taking the skull the doctor smiled, and
leading the way to a closet in which he
keeps his grewsome anatomical specimens
he produced a dozen or more skull
caps which he stated he had removed
from the heads of persons who
had died by violence. "Whether It is
legal or not." he said. "I do not know and
have never inquired, but I have been
'pinching' skull caps for the last quarter
of a century, and at present am of the
opinion that I will continue to do so for
some years to come. I have always taken
them in the interest of science, and I be
lieve I have a right to secure as many
specimens as I am fortunate enough to
come within re;|ching distance of. The
oldest skull cap I have belonged to a man
who came to an untimely end in 1874."
The doctor continued by giving a volu
ble and interesting history of his uncanny
treasures of years gone t»y, and fondled
them as a miser would his gold. As to
the last treasure added to his hoard he
was silent. He would not exhibit nor ad
mit that he had in his possession the
skull cap he secured from the head of
Lillian Brandes a few moments before
the funeral services of the murdered girl
began.
In Justice Cliffs court yesterday morn
ing the preliminary hearing of Brandes
was speedily concluded, and he was held
to answer in the Superior Court for the
murder of Lillian Brandes and was re
fused bail.
THE PABST CAFE.
It Is Now One of the Most Elegant
Refreshment Resorts in San
Francisco.
Among the more elegant refreshment
resorts of San Francisco which It is a
delight to visit is the Pabst Cafe at the
corner of Ellis and Powell streets. Messrs.
Leonhardt & Hagerty, its enterprising
proprietors, have from time to time Im
proved the Interior of the cafe at great
expense, so that to-day it Is one of the
most richly appointed and finished institu
tions of Its kind on the Pacific Coast.
The most recent Improvement which is
worthy of extended notice is the addition
of twelve handsomely furnished private
dining rooms on the main floor In what
was formerly the principal dining room.
This spacious apartment, furnished at an
expense of $35,000 and decorated in a high
ly artistic manner, has long been a source
of admiration to every visitor. With the
addition of the private rooms the general
effect is greatly enhanced. The apart
ments are constructed of birdseye ma
ple, finished with silver trimmings of the
richest patterns. Over eacu chamber
hang a number of electric sunbursts,
sheading a brilliant but soft radiance
upon the interior of every room. The ta
bles and chairs are of the richest pat
terns and elegantly finished. The mech
anism of the walls Is such that two rooms
may lie thrown into one and thus provide
accommodation for large private dining
parties.
Each chamber is named after some
State. These are California, Texas, Mon
tana. Oregon, Louisiana. Washington,
Colorado. Illinois, New York, Kentucky
and Tennessee. Another chamber has
been called Honolulu.
Another important feature of the es
tablishment is the superb grJJI and cafe,
which Is now open all night. This was
found necessary In order to accommodate
a large and steadily increasing patronage.
The private entrance from Powell street
affords privacy to all patrons of the cafe.
Messrs. Leonhnrdt & Hagerty are very
popular caterers, and the success they
nave met with Is a popular manifestation
of public approval. *
CORONER'S INQUESTS.
Peculiar Verdict of an Intelligent
Jury in a Suicide Case.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday held sev
eral inquests, the more important being
the cases of I^ouisa Selinger, Carl Rich
ard Schneider and Mrs. Georgie Meadows.
In the Selinger case the jury rendered the
verdict that the woman came to her death
from the effects of a gunshot wound, in
flicted by her husband.
In the Schneider case the verdict was
that the deceased came to his death in
the Harbor Receiving Hospital December
9, from a fractured skull, caused by a
blow from a street car "through the care
lessness of the railway company."
In the case of Mrs. Georgie Meadows,
who committed suicide by swallowing
carbolic acid on December 3, the jury ren
dered a verdict of accidental death.
HIS TRUNK LOOTED.
Boutros Helwie Has Emil Havis
Sehemeil Arrested for Burglary.
Emil Havis Sehemeil, who says he Is a
correspondent for a leading newspaper
in Egypt, was arrested yesterday by Po
liceman Aiken and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of burglary.
The complaining witness Is Boutros
Helwie, 4 Boyce street, who alleges that
Sehemeil last Sunday, during his ab
sence, broke open, his trunk and stole a
number of medals he had obtained from
the Cnited States Government and from
agricultural fairs, and also several pri
vate letters and promissory notes of the
value of $300. Helwie is a professor of
mosaic work, and the medals were pre
sented to him for that class of work.
Once More to the Front.
Come with your children to Ivevln Bros.,
the leading cash grocers, and Santa Claus
will present them with candy and pres
ents. In addition to this they offer to
their patrons for this day good creamery
butter, squares, at 35 cents; best Adriatic
tigs (equal to the Smyrna) in boxes of five
pounds, at 40 cents, usually sold at 7f>
cents; choice port and sherry wine at 25
cents a bottle; the best quality of table
fruits in assorted varieties at $1.75 dozen
Full lines of Christmas supplies and orna
ments. 1348 to 1864 Market street; 'phone
Grocers Elect Officers.
The annual election of officers of the
Retail Grocers' Protective Union was held
last Wednesday night. The following were
chosen: J. T. Hurley, president: Henry
Hartje, vice president; J. B. Mahoney,
tr.;/si!rer; J. G. Florence, D. W. Frlsche!
V. Hiissmer, George Hauser C. Henning
Henry Kohn. L,. H. Kohn, Charles Menrl
and Hermann Mothmann, directors. After
the. election President Hurley was pre
sented with a handsome gold watch
chain and a diamond-studded locket bear-
Ing the inscription: "As a token of es
teem from the R. G. P. U. for faithful
services to the union by President T T
Hurley." ' '
From Chicago, New York, Boston, we
deliver to all noints < resta Blanca wines.
Order Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co.. 410 Post st.. S. F. •
A Noted Irish Evangelist.
The noted Irish evangelist, George C.
Needham. will address a mass-meeting
for men only at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association auditorium, Mason and
Bills streets, to-morrow afternoon at 3
o'clock. At the same hour Mrs. Needham
will address a meeting for women only
in the lecture room of the First Congre
gational Church, Post and Mason streets.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKT U
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Rabbi Levy's Lecture.
Rabbi M. S. Levy of the Geary-street
temple will lecture at the synagogue of
the Congregation Beth Menachim Streis
and on Minna street this afternoon. His
subject 1b "Eyes Have They, but See
Not."
Read Judge Magnire to Father Yorke,
full text of his open letter in to-day's
Star. •
THERE WILL BE NO MONEY
TO RUN THE TAX OFFICE
AT the recent election the people decided that they had had enough of James
N. Block as Tax Collector of the city and county of San Francisco. They
were displeased with his manipulations of the military roll, in which the
names of dead men and non-residents were enrolled at 5 cents per name,
and for which the people had to pay.
It now transpires that the voters made a grave mistake In not retir
ing Mr. Block two years ago. before he had an opportunity to deliberately place
the municipality in a scandalous position, the means for the escape from which
has not been discovered.
The office of Tax Collector is not governed in its expenditures by the one
twelfth act, as are the other departments, and the Tax Collector, therefore, has
no check upon his acts in the way of drawing upon the treasury even to the
amount of the whole apportionment at one time.
To this fact Is due the anxiety at the Mayor's office as to what is to be done
to keep the Tax Collector's office in operation during the remainder of the fiscal
year.
The apportionment to this department for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1899, was $30,000. Heretofore there has been no material difficulty in conducting
the office with the allowance, but for reasons best known to himself Mr. Block
has withdrawn from the treasury since July 1. this year, the sum of $25,622 20.
The items by the month were: July, $4500: August, $2300; September $2300; Oc
tober, $6798 90; November, $9223 30. This only includes November expenses, and as
the December salaries will be very heavy the $4377 remaining in the fund will not
only be exhausted but it is probable that the incoming Collector, Mr. Sheehan,
will find a deficit with which to begin his administration.
Tlie serious part of the situation is the fact that there is no money at present
available to keep the tax collecting machinery moving.
Edward I. Sheehan. Tax Collector-elect, is at present suffering great mental
distress oyer the condition of affairs. On Monday his attention was called to the
nearly complete utilization of the fiscal appropriation for the running of his of
fice, and since then he has been laboring strenuously to induce the Supervisors
to increase the appropriation.
"On Monday I received word from Auditor Broderlck," he said hist night,
"that there was no money for me to begin my work. I saw several of the Su
pervisors, and they informed me that it was too late for them to come to my
assistance. That lamln a quandary of no mean proportions I appreciate too
truly. A solution of the difficult problem may be reached, but in what manner
I cannot foretell."
Mr. Block has the distinction, according to the authorities at the City Hall,
of. being the first man to placo the office in such a dire position.
PHELAN CLAIMS
SIX MEMBERS OF
THE NEW BOARD
Said to Have Assured
Him Support.
The scramble for office amonff those
who think they are entitled to recognition
at the hands of the successful candidates
In the recent election is growing more
eager and persistent each day, and those
who have appointments to make are be
sieged on every side by hordes of hungry
politicians. The probable alignment of
the newly elected members of the Board
of Supervisors has been almost lost sight
of temporarily by the clamor made by >
the office-seekers, but the indications are
that unless new combinations are effected i
the gang will not be able to run things ■
with a high hand, as heretofore, during
the administration of Mayor Phelan.
The Mayor is credited with claiming i
that he will have the support of six mem
bers of the now Hoard of Supervisors, i
and thus be able to prevent the passage of
obnoxious measures over his veto. If he
oaa control the votes of four he will be ,
master of the situation, and it is not be- |
lieved by those who are familiar with the
make-up of the new board that he can i
count positively on more than that num
ber.
Those who are said to have assured the !
Mayor of their support are John Lack- j
mann, Albert Heyer, Dr. Perrault, Arthur
Attridge, Jeremiah Deasy and L«. F. By
ington. Dr. Perrault is said to have stated
that he would stand by Phelan, and the
others, with (he exception of Attridge,
are known to be friendly to him. At
tridge, however, is regarded as an exceed
ingly doubtful customer.
Speculation as to the make-up of the !
various committees is already rife. Ac- !
cording to tho latest information Dr. Per
rault is slated for the chairmanship of the
Hospital Committee, Howard Black will
head the Committee on Printing, Ed
ward Holland that on finance, while Ed- I
ward Aigeltinger will be chairman of the I
Committee on Streets. Clerk Russell and
Assistant Clerk Farquharson will re
main.
Coroner-elect Hill has dec.ued upon the
following appointments: Pete J. McCor
mick, chief deputy; Joe Mogan, John
Gately and George Lacalnbe, deputies;
Steve Potter, stenographer, and Dr.
Frank Fitzgibbon, autopsy physician.
These appointments are said to have been
made without consulting ihe nominating !
committee of one hundred, and it is said |
to be the intention of Dr. Hill to ignore
entirely the agreement entered into with
that body when he was nominated for the
office.
Dr. Dodge, Assessor-elect, is also cred- j
ited with having broken away from the •
committee and to have declared that he :
will dish out the patronage at his disposal i
regardless of its wishes or suggestions.
He is at present confined to his house
with a slight illness and has given out
that he has not yet decided on any of his !
appointees.
Sheriff Martin has not made up his slate,
but Dave Martin will be Under Sheriff and
W. 1. Manner will be chief outside depu
ty. John M. Chretien and Edgar D. Peix
otto are after the appointment of Sher
iff's attorney, with the chances slightly in
favor of C nretien.
County Clerk Deane will retain some of
Curry's courtroom clerks, together with
Marriage License Clerk Danforth and
Probate Clerk Northruu. George McComb
also expects a place in the office.
Charles Corey will be chief deputy in
the Recorder's office, and E. B. Perkins
expects a similar position in the Treas
urer's office. Deputy District Attorney
Hinkle and Clerks Tungate and Blair will
probably remain in the District Attorney's
office.
Auditor Wells will retain Dan Leary,
but will orobably make his son chief dep
uty. In the Tax Collector's office the
chief deputy will probably be James Mc-
Cabe, with J. J. Sullivan as cashier and
Thomas Dwyer clerk.
Pat Prendergast will be taken care of In
the Street Department or oTic of the Po
lice Courts.
The medical profession is deeply inter
ested in the appointment of the local
Board of Health by Governor Gage.
Among those prominently mentioned for
the honor are Dr. Bazet. Dr. Williamson.
Dr. Winslow Anderson. Dr. W. S. Thorne,
Dr. M. 11. Woolsey, Dr. Ford, Dr. Regens
burgcr and Dr. Carpenter.
FBANCE AND THE JEW.
Dr. Voorsanger's Lecture at the Tem
ple Emanu-El Last Evening.
"Sold Out to the Jews" was the sub
ject of Dr. Voorsanger's eloquent address
I at Temple Emanu-El last evening. It was
a discussion of popular prejudice existing,
I especially In France, against the son of
Israel, the text of which was the prose
cution of Dreyfus, accused of divulging
official secrets to the enemies of France.
The rabbi dwelt on the fact that the de
cree which sent the condemned Jew to
such a dreadful punishment had never
I been signed by any higher authority than
! the French Secretary of War, who is an
i army officer. This was an act hatched by
I the military oligarchy of the republic
I against the Jewish prisoner.
Another point was that the sending of
i Dreyfus to such a far spot as Devils Is
land was to remove him and all possible
! dangerous disclosures from Paris and re
i vision.
"Vendus aux Juifs"— sold out to the
' Jews— the cry of the antl-semitic mob of
| Paris. Is an attempt, he said, to make the
i people believe that the Dreyfus matter Is
j a Jewish affair and an endeavor to move
hr-aven and earth against the accused man
and his race generally.
France has a population of 39,000.000, of
which 75,000 are Jews, but the. percentage
of Jews who take an important part in
the public affairs of that country is far
greater. The French Jew has made for
himself an honored place on the pages
of the republic's history, and his name Is
forever woven with that of France.
J. J. Tiaaot, tin- ffimomi artint, re
lates htn experience!! In Bethlehem
In the ('hrlMtmnn Call, ont next Sun
day, December 18.
IRVING BARS
DUNNE FROM
THE JURY ROOM
Accused of Partiality
for School Board.
The School Directors are out for the
scalplock of E. D. Stanton, former
teacher in the Business Evening School,
and if he takes advantage of the quash
ing of the Indictment that has stood
against him and returns here to tell the
Grand Jury what he knows of the School
Board, that body will make his sojourn
no pleasant one, no matter how short It
may be.
Yesterday the Directors called in the
services of a special attorney and got an
opinion from him that the quashing of
the indictment was not legal, as the pro
vision in the criminal code which provides
for such an action is only applicable to
a co-defendant who desires to turn State's
evidence. Upon this assumption th«
board will probably appear by its repre
sentative before Judge Cook to-day and
a-sk that the indictment be restored. This
failing it is the intention of Dr. Ragan.
who nrst preferred the charge of extor
tion against Stanton, to have him rear
rested upon the same charge, or that of
conspiracy.
He will be again arrested, not upon an
indictment, but upon a warrant sworn
out in the Police Court, and Director Ra
gan proposes to force the charge to a
hearing, as he claims that he has every
necessary proof to convince the jury that
Stanton tried to blackmail him to tne
tune of three hundred and odd dollars.
The Grand Jury, however, is taking no
chances of a further hindrance to its in
vestigation. It learned yesterday that
Stanton will probably arrive in this city
to-day or to-morrow and will go before
them on Monday afternoon to make his
promised startling revelations. The meet
ing of the jury yesterday, though out
wardly held only for the purpose of form
ally bringing in its Indictments against
McGlade, was the occasion <jf another
red-hot roast by Chairman Irving of the
schools committee of Assistant District
Attorney Dunne.
Mr. Irving repeated to his fellow jury
men the charges that that official was
doing everything' in his power to obstruct
the investigation into School Board
crookedness. He told them that unless
Mr. Dunne were barred from the jury
room when the investigation was resumed
he would have nothing further to do with
it.
"I propose to conduct the balance of this
investigation without his help," said Mr.
Irving, "and if I need legal opinions to
assist me 1 shall get them at my own ex
pense. Mr. Dunne has thrown every ob
stacle in my way and I ask the permis
sion of this jury to conduct this proceed
ing myself hereafter. I shall examine all
of the witnesses that may come and go
without his assistance in the future."
After a good bit of parley consent was
given and Mr. Dunne will not again be
asked to subpena witnesses who do not
turn up nor ask questions that bring no
results.
After some further discussion along the
same line, Chairman McKee agTeed to
the plan, and the body went before Judge
Belcher to renounce its intention of ad
journing, and notified him that it would
meet again on Monday afternoon; to all
of which the Judge gave his ready con
sent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Combination
Book Cases.
Wise heads and skilled hands have
been at work for us fashioning
beautiful things in this line of fur-
niture. The result achieved has
been all that the most critical could
de"sire. Finished in golden oak
and mahogany, nothing can be
richer.
Prices about one-half what they
used to be.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
OPEN EVENINGS,
-1-7; •■" - ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
ask the. children to write a letter to Santa ... Xmas rush IS on;
Claus, care Hales. giving their name and ad- no nftet>nnnn
dress. Santa Claus Isks children to come with no aiternoon
their parents from 9 to 11 or 7 to 9 and get a concert to-day.
box of candy, drop your letter In ..anta Claus'
lap then.
oar toy and doll bazaar is a "make-believe" world :
the lambs don't bleat, and the pigs don't squeal, the engines don't puff,
and the elephants associate with the 1 tiger, and the lion lies down with
the lamb; but then to the children, you know, they are about as real
animals as they expect to see; you and I have passed thro' the "make-
believe" stage; just now we're showing open-hearted people just what to
buy for Xmas gifts; and, as they've often done before, they are relying
on Hales. You've a hundred and one things to think of — and we've a
thousand and one things for you to — and take your pick.
dolls: gloves:
.Ok bisque head.shoes our new French kid two-clasp ladies'
Ifa'V-. _ and stockings, 13- gloves are in: latest colorings and
/w/rV £^\ Inc h. 25c; 16 inch- stitchlngs: a glove order makes a very
R^U/\A <c7j? es - °° c - 19 lncnes - acceptable gift at Xmas time: can be
' UVW'Af'/JS^'' $1 - ,„ at any of our seven stores
/*A J&xtm+T stained willow both before and after Xmas.
jZy\r*ri\-$\ doll hussy. 20-
9^ Vr'/ IJ I \\ Inch body, 8- 'll* 1 •
AjfV, /, I \\\ inch galvanized 1 1 1 1 ft 61" V .
I )M^-- ! J iron wheels. u««mvijr •
- I / iS^rr^J dressed "jointed _.„...» _. .
m hf/«v »v7?s rinil 16 inches we c made an
•**s®*ftU& hiih' sleeping end-of-the-Hcason
%{% i3-fnch p fuli .^j^/vrnL SSS m mllliner y
. •■ / - Jointed, enameled L£:*/> Y.I \ c c ash:.% s h :. ™ .^
body, bisque | Y2&SSi' lC&-l C&-' '/» of out instead
head, moving eye. 35c; 16-inch, 50c; 19- *M^A*^ some of th» h«! c
inch. $1; 12-inch kid body doll, single '& S?? r/durprt X
riveted joints. 25c; 18-inch (same de- /jl^Jf^ ha?f whit ty,lZ
scription). 75c; 19-inch kid body doll. c ' r6 ortWlnaUv
single riveted joints, sleeping eyes, $1. Jn • Hfnf^ marked- the
VELOCIPEDES, with that strong ex- . ■ Jtn.3BGP\ "Winslow '*' a fine
tension scat so necessary for hard 'wSvjSiJW'T French felt fedo-
wear; firm as a rock and safe: *S»tßs^ ' ra. in castor $2-
16-inch . ............ $120. . new c>| ocr
20-inch $145 price.... tJ>I.-6t>
24-inch ........$165 . the "Camille" and "Cyclone" both
26-inch ...:.. $195 ' stylish trimmed fedoras, in lead?ns
DRUMS— the younger ones will shades, $2 25; new c>i QBE
want more than ever to celebrate price *J)I»^O
Xmas this year; brass finished rims, the "Resolute " a erav twinr--, •,*
cord and ears, skin head, 6-inch, 20c; P rice $225. new y * ra^°is
7-inch, 30c; 9-inch, 45c; 11-inch, SOc; ....;;.*.. ??.'...?!. $1.25
13-inch, $1. .. ..ir^l" "Vi.'V VM,^,o
rubber neck clowns on scissors.... 5c 1 he Tfemont, In gray only, $1 75;
boys' hand truck, 27-inch 15c new price «r»l fkfk
wheel chimes, long handle 150 '••••. V*«vrVf
cigar cutter and stand, black wal- the "Knox," In black d osr
nut 25c . only, $2 25; new price.. «I>I«^O
perfumery: f nrs .
Ed . Pinaud's celebrated extracts luia •
French pansy, in. 1-oz fancy Ctf| r | in our cloak, jacket, costume, -waist
ti ;."Vt""^"V — " uv and wrap department we show a
Hudnut s^New York perfumes on sale better and more complete line of
at Drug Counter. furs than Hale's ever carried be-
wet weather : l s?^?!S£v&^i£Z
ttvi. TTVUIUVI • I an d fur trimmings for those who
rubber coats, umbrellas, storm jack- trim their own garments; or we'll
ets, golf capes, heavy underwear, flan- ' trim your jacket for you
nels; all these things at Hale' a.
1 it 1 • t» . I /T""\\ tne Jacket sale Is
handkerchiefs : jgm£> xz^r^li
150 boxes ladies' , S' oTer^oVt!
assorted embroid- : \£& j sfy those who
JSS^^KN £ rodl v lope< l' i I^-«L'--"- did not see what
Ayjim if.*- $1-50 bOX ([A |i ?a a S One a?t f en h d!
Vt/^ 1 Irf Y\ children hem- -v& CV ances we have
/TsMjii) stitched, colored J* • «T had in our cloak
& i > ! 6 s^ a^T7.'V border, initial /CD/ CD M , department this
>s£f.i3iaaSCS— handkerchiefs, %- Ji ,' ' ?TL fall; the cold
doz., in i) = r ***"*-"' *r weather and th»
fancy box-*'*'^' reduced prices.
Hale's and Santa Clans, United,
937 to 947 Market Street.
"what Hale's advertise you get!" "the store mother likes."
Judge Mapire
...T0...
Father Yorke.
FULL TEXT OF
HIS OPEN LETTER IN TO-DAY'S
ppnOPOO OO OOOOOOOOQ
V** IP A LACE '-"I
*GRAND HO Wks°
jl BAM MAmctaco. 2
~[ . Connected by a covered passageway. ,T*
0 1400 Rooms— 9oO With Bath Attached. 9
0 All Under On* Management Q
ft ROTS THE PBIO&B: A
v. Enropoan Plan. B l.oo per day and upward M
O Amarioaxi P1an.98.00 per day and upward vl
Q • Correspondence Solicited. Q
n JGH2I 0. nSEPATaiOK, Knag*. ' Z
iooooooooooooooeoo
COKE COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24. ■
'■ Denier and Importer of all brands of COKE,
Yards at HOWARD AND BE ALB STB.
PChlehf ster"* English Dlamead Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<«,"~~v Original and Only Genuine. A .
>->/Tj^N »*rt, alwuji reliable, ladies 11k iS\.
J^Un S?-*!iA !»"!«?!«» 'or Chichcttrri i?ny!i.A BJo-^Vj.
'■ §F*kjß*&SC&'«ond Brand in Ked and Gold nipta!Uo\vßr
'J& —T>S«Jbox<si. " ! " letl with bine ribbon. Take YSf
~ j¥l ■9^ VVW^o other. Rrfiue dangerout ruiitifu- ▼ .
I / *~ ffftiitit and imitation: At Druggists, or Mnd 4*.
I *» >H in utanipa for particular!, testimonials and
\V* JEt " Kelluf for I.u.lic*," in Utter, t- ret ara
~*<^lr MaiL 10.000 Tf«lmoni«U. ITmmc Paper.
■ , aM "/ Flil<'hi'«t or Chei&lcal Co.,
••14 by all Local Druggist*. [ PHILIOA..
. Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Ib a powerful : aphrodlstne and specific tonio
for the sexual • and urinary organs 'of both
sexes, and " a j great remedy I for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great > Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its ► own _
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
- • - NABER.- ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
»23 Market street. 8. •: (Send for Circular.)
DR^CNTJLTY.
'HIS WELL-KNOWS AND RELIABr.KOLD
'■: L Special i«tcKr«*Privnte. Nervous. and Blood Dis- .
, enses o i Men only. ,s Bonk on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over2oj''rß'pxpprience.
PatlenwcurerliitHome. Term* reasonable. Hours 9
t0 3 du11y; 6.30 to 8:30 pv'gs. suiulu vs. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and. sacredly con iident'nl. Cull.oraddress
~ ; ; P. ROBCOE HcXI'LTY, M.O. v-; '
20! j Kearny St., Man Francisco, Cal.
1 •-. •..-.....■ .-. -' • •--.--.:■ -.-.■' ■
STATEMENT ?
OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OB,^O 8 ,^ FR ANCISCO, IN THE STATE OF
V ■£* I \lvi al *- on the 31st day ot December.
A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, • pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount •of capital stock, paid up -
la <=*«& • $1,000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $379,200 00
Loans on bonds -and mortgages...... 463 454 So
Cash market value of all stocks and '
bonds owned by company 1.913,480 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
. of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities •as collateral 160 689 14
Cash In company's office 6*919 40
Cash in banks 853,906 61
Interest due and - accrued on all
stocks and loans 540 51
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 9 822 69
Premiums In due course of collection 196,538 27
Bills receivable, : not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 83,689 45
Due from other companies for rein- 3
surance on losses already paid 8 850 79
Warrants 3,075 45
Fire premium notes 10.888 54
Total assets .R 734,535 90
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 134,549 70
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 83.775 01
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 7,000 09
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or lees, $1,020,525 37;
reinsurance 50 per cent 510,261 61
Gross - premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,291.- v"
647 18; reinsurance pro rata (37,263 1]
Gross .premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks, reinsurance i
100 per cent : 88,780 8S W
Gross premiums on marine time '
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent 51,444 88
All other demands against the com- ■
pany 113,149 93
Total liabilities $1,481,281 IS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1,438,305 79
Net cash actually received for ma- . .
rine premiums 308,448 62
Received for interest on bonds and .
mortgages 29,168 34
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 111,099 41
Received for rents 25.107 50
Total income $1,912,129 68
EXPENDITURES. , ■
Net amount paid for flre losses .. $693,631 73
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 229,742 58
Dividends to stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
I brokerage . 232,150 53
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 209,712 05
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 41,294
All other payments and expendi-
tures 174.12119
Total expenditures.... $1,700,552 58
Fire. Marine.
Losses Incurred during the \ -
year $713.596 02 $248.873 96
Risks and Premiums. jFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year....! $167,331,86052,050,058 39
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 159,219,278 1,943,093 78
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897.. '..•..-..-.'. | 195,556.64012.312.172 55
i ~~—
Marine
.ftisks and Premiums. Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year... $65,031,020 $514.878 82 r
Net amount of risks ex- ■ .. «
ptred during the year.. " 62,538.102 483,146 08 3.1
Net amount in force De- . - . - . •
cember 31, 1897.......... 1 6.227.774 136,670 59
WM.'"J. DUTTON, Vice President.
: BERNARD FATMONVILLE. Secretary.
. Subscribed and ■ sworn to before me this 15th i
day of January. MM. • M. M. RHORER.
.= ,-... • Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
Witt fill, $1.50 Will