VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 67.
FRANK BELEW CONFRONTED BY BIRD
HANGS HIS HEAD
WHEN ACCUSED
OF HIS CRIMES
To Others the Monster Charged With
the Murder of His Brother and
Sister Protests Innocence.
It Remains Now for the Law to Complete the
Work Which Its Officers in the County
of Solano, Assisted by "The Call,"
Have So Well Begun.
SUISUN, Feb. 4.— There has been but
one topic of conversation here to-day.
Needless to say, this was the Belew
case, and the surprise given this morn
ing when The Call appeared with ex
clusive details. There has been a feel
ing little short of popular excitement
and expressions of commendation are
plentiful.
The belief that the guilty man has
been caught seems to be unanimous.
Among the visitors at the jail
were Hotel Keeper Martin of
Davisville and Photographer Bird
of Sacramento, both related by
marriage to Belew, and both convinced
of his guilt. It was the statement of
Belew made to Bird in the hearing of
an officer which has placed Belew be
hind the bars.
These men visited the prisoner. At
first he was defiant and made denial.
Bird was specific to the point of harsh
ness.
"Frank," he said, "you know you told
me t u r y-u n-nn ! d k'l] Susie and Lew.
You know you told me you had poison
ed them. Didn't you?"
The prisoner was silent. He could not
confirm it without sweeping away any
shadow of technical defense. He could
not deny and make himself believed.
Silence was his only refuge.
Bird declares that all the evidence he
has given is absolutely correct. He
hesitated long in the first place about
giving it. He objects to the notoriety
but he is willing to take the stand and
swear to his words. Davis is a quiet
gentleman. He simply acknowledges
that there seems no escape from the
conclusion that Frank Is a murderer.
Arthur Belew did not arrive to-day.
He sent a telephone message from
Woodland, and remained there, it is
rumored, for the purpose of drowning
his sorrows, and was successful.
Langley, the young man who was at
the ranch with the brothers at the time
of the arrest, was also here. He stated
his belief that Frank is guilty, and says
it has been the belief entertained by him
right along. District Attorney Devlin
is working hard on the case. As per
fect as the chain of evidence is, this gen
tleman is confident of getting material
■wherewith to strengthen it. An effort
has been made to create the impre^ion
that there is some friction between his
office and that of Sheriff Rush, but, on
the contrary, the one object of the two
is to clear Solano County of the re
proach of unpunished assassination, and
they feel they are near the consumma
tion of this.
This afternoon Belew, through his
brother Tom, got a note from his law
yer not to talk, not to see any news
m paper men, but until late this evening
this was the extent of the counsel re
ceived. It is believed that he will have
at least three lawyers, headed by Clark,
and including Lamont, probably the
leader of the Solano bar, and now in
charge of the Belew estate.
But while waiting to hear from them
Belew is much depressed. He feels
that friends are falling away from him.
The San Francisco Call
GUILT OF BLOOD UPON HIS SOUL.
sriSUN Cal Feb 4.— To my dying day the figure of Frank Belew as he passed along the dreary and
limited corridor of Solano County Jail must remain with me. Not even the face of Durrant as the black cap
was about to hide it forever could show more abject despair. Frank Belew knows that he is caught, that in
all human probability there is no escape for him. Yet he does not utterly break down. His strong frame trem
bles his blue eyes fill with tears and his throat Is pulsating with the visible signs of emotion, he gulps as he
speaks his tongue moistens his feverish lips. Through all the ordeal he maintains his innocence.
I believe him guilty, viewing him with the pity one must feel for a rat entrapped. I think that upon his
soul is the death of a sister and brother. Sooner or later he will lay bare his iniquity. But he Is not ready
yet • He Is still able to withstand the promptings of conscience, but Burely the leaven is working, and be
fore he shall ascend the scaffold the world will know from his own mouth that the blood of his murdered kin
cries from the ground. The man is breaking down.
The meeting between Frank and Tom Belew this afternoon was the climax of pathos. It was arf^.nged by
Leigh Irvine of The Call staff and myself, who were present. It was a strange occasion. Tom had -o*ne from
Dixon early in the morning and haunted the jail. He got no sympathy, and the officers did not de.^ it best
for him to see the prisoner. They even accused Tom of being an accessory.
If they could have seen him peering through the bars of the cell, his form shaking with sobs, they would
have modified their opinion. If they could have seen his look of agony as he clasped Frank's hand, and,
looking up into his face, asked tremulously, "Frank, Frank, did you do this?"
"No, Tommy; I did not," Frank answered, firmly, but there was no note of sincerity In h's tune. He
looked on his brother and his eyes roved around the somber corridor.
"I am as Innocent as any one of you," Frank continued. *,
Tom could say nothing more. The Interview was short. When we entered the Jail, th* dark.-*; n.id i.iost
dismal jail In California, fairly reeking with age, Frank was In a cell. There was some difficulty in turning
the key. Through the bars in the half light It was impossible to Bee the prisoner, but looking out he could see us.
"Never mind," he said. "We can talk through the dcor."
He did not wish to come Into view. His brother rattled at the bars in eagerness to reach him. This Il
lustrates a curious phase of difference in the two. Frank is cold, Impassive, selfish. He has shown that the
natural ties of affection are nothing to him. Tom is impulsive, tender, loath to believe . the truth of the
charges that have been fastened upon his brother. One is stolid, the other easily roused to tears. But Tom
is beginning to accept the evidence, and he admits, if the allegations can be established, he can say no more.
HENRY JAMES.
Bird and Newby have been subpoenaed
I to appear here February 8, and at the
! time the Grand Jury will be convened.
A warrant was sworn out for Belew to
day, he having been arrested only upon
such warrant as is constituted by facts,
backed by pistols.
This morning Belew came near to
confessing. The truth seemed to be
trembling on his lips, but he checked
the impulse to ease his conscience. The
shadow of the gallows is ever before
I him, and at intervals he is buoyed for
the time with hope. He adhered to his
declaration of innocence, but his frame
shook, his chest heaved, and for the
most part a feeling of despair seemed to
possess him. When the death of his
sister was recalled he was nearly over
come.
"Yes," he said, "I held her hand
when she was dying, but I did not give
her the poison. I would spend my
money to find the one who committed
the crimes."
"But what of the admission you made
to Bird and which Newby overheard?"
"Bird and Newby both lied." was the
answer. "They are after blood money.
They want the reward. They lied. I
would not have murdered my brother
and siater for all the wealth of Califor
nia."
"Frank," said his visitor, "you are in
a terrible position. I do not see how
you can be saved from the gallows,
guilty or innocent. They have the evi
dence. Do you not think so?"
The prisoner gulped. "Bird had been
my friend," he replied, "but he lied on
me."
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
"Do you believe in capital punish
ment?"
There was a pause, and then the pris
oner answered, "I believe in capital pun
ishment."
"Now, Frank," continued the visitor,
"it looks as if you were as good as con
victed. If you could relieve your con
science by telling that you killed the
brother and sister do you not think it
better than keeping the secret?"
"I have no secret," rejoined the man,
doggedly. "They lied on me."
"Were you at Bird's gallery on the
days specified?"
"I was."
"Did you talk on the subjects men
tioned in Newby's statements?"
"I did; on some of them. I men
tioned going to Klondike. We spoke
of the Clark case, but I never told him
I had poisoned anybody. I had never
told him I intended to poison anybody.
He has lied."
"How do you account for it if he has
lied?"
"He wants blood money."
"Do you believe in a hereafter, and
that then a man will be rewarded for
his deeds done here?"
Belew hesitated. Then he said, "I
do."
So the conversation went on, ever
leading back to subjects likely to stir
Belew to his depths, to play upon his
better nature, if any he has, and to
place before him the horror of the past
and the terror of the future. He would
not yield. At times he checked an im
pulse to speak and bit his twitching lips.
His strong hands clasped and unclasped
convulsively.
When his brother called he mani
fested hardly a trace of this weakness.
He braced himself for the ordeal and
went through it like a stoic. It was
only when he realized the certainty that
he was enmeshed that he displayed
symptoms of collapse. There is no
softer side to him. He is abnormally
selfish, as befits one who slays those
who may be in the way of petty am
bitions.
OFFICERS OF SALINAS
NOT SEEKING REWARD.
Bird and Constable Newby Can Tell
Much More of the Murder if
They So Desire.
PIXON, Cal., Feb. 4.— There has nev
er been so murh excitement and gen
eral satisfaction in this community as
was caused by the arrival of The Call
to-day, with evidences that it had lit
erally annihilated all contemporaries
in reporting news of the greatest mur
der of the century. While nobody was
greatly surprised, the news fell Hke a
vital blow upon the Belews, who had
begun to imagine that all danger to
their accused brother had passed long
ago. It seems to be the general opinion
now that nothing can save the unnat
ural murderer from the gallows.
When the public beheld the shameful
confession of crime in cold print they
shuddered to think that such a moral
monster had lived and moved in their
midst, wondering how he. had dared to
the
face the outraged populace day after
day without the slightest evidence of
remorse for his brutal crime.
There was a time early In the hlstoTy
of the search for the murderer when
some of those most Intimate with the
Belews suspected Arthur, and hinted at
the possibility that Tommy had some
thing to do with the murder. But all
this is now a matter of the past. It Is
safe to say that no two .young men
ever had more heartfelt sympathy than
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on . Saturday, with In
creasing cloudiness and unsettled
conditions In the afternoon and
' night; northerly, changing to south
easterly, winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco "' .', 62 degrees
P0rt1and' ........'. .48 degrees
Los Angeles '.. 78 degrees
San Diego 60 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Belew Confronted by Bird. y-
SECOND . PAGE. '
Clark Will Plead Not Guilty, ./:
Wachllne Dies by the Rope.
Japan May Hold Wel-Hal-WeJ.
The San Jose Tax Rate.- ;V.i-.~ . a . .
Negro Postmaster Boycotted. I
Fatal Row Among Schoolboys.
;'. THIRD PAGE.
White Scores Annexationlsts.
Japanese; May. Become Voters.
Is Spain Ready for War? .
I Germany's j Tariff j Conflict. |
; The Murders at Lattlmer.
' Bread Riots at Rome. . ■•';
FOURTH PAGE.
Congress . at ; Work. : '
Los Angeles Water Battle.;
A Small Lad's Strange : Mania.
Don Carlos'} Daughter Free.
Oppose a , Floating : Drydock. §
FIFTH PAGE. .
The Latest From'Dawson City.
Wndhnm ; Brings More ' Charge;- .
Oakland Water ; Prices.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.' % ; : '■;""•.- ;
Is It Dole's Hand?
" An Explanation Wanted.
A Bonanza for. California.
■; Balboa' Boulevard. .~± ■}*?;'.
Exposition Work. -.
The Bells of the Mining Fair.
.Flour Adulteration. :
I Stories j From : the Corridors. Eg
| Answers to ; Correspondents.; >.i
. - , SEVENTH. PAGE.
News of the ', Water Front.
A Fair for St. Peter's.
, : A Detective Detected.
v Willey'B Death .Unsolved.
, ' v EIGHTH f PAGE.
In the Sporting v World.
NINTH PAGE.
Society . In • Fancy ; Dress.
The Miners' > Exposition, :
The Foleys' Legal Troubles.
To Sample, the Quicksand.
V The Captain Dislikes Stevens. .
; TENTH PAGE.
> The . Commercial World, •
 ;;;; eleventh < PAGE. :^
. News From * Acres* i the ', Bay,' > ■•;
'. ' .;.". .'ii TWELFTH PAGE. _ ■ :
, Racing at Ingleside. ■*!■.';- " ;
. ; . V . = THIRTEENTH \ PAGE. ; .'
Births, i : Marriages Deaths. ;
-■ V; i-j FOURTEENTH; PAGE..
: More Shells Found .Worthless, ,
i Policeman 5 Hutchlnge Accused, ■■'.:
; V The • Howards' < Short t Honeymoon. } f
Wright : Get»" Healey's • Place, • ;
these unfortunate brothers enjoy in
this community to-day.
"I will not believe Frank Is guilty
until I hear him say so," is all that Ar
thur can be induced to say. Asked
again and again, this is his sole re-
sponse.
Tommy Be.ew, as he is generally
known, is a melting kind of a man.
Twenty times to-day he has given
way to tears, yet never has he said a
word that shows bitterness toward his
accused brother.
"If these men will say what they
have stated," said he at last, "I think
they will make a hard case against
ARREST OF FRANK BELEW.
ture," said Constable Newby, "I desire
to say that we will ask none whatever,
and that no one has for the slightest
moment the right to assume it."
Bird and Newby are men who stand
well in this community, and it is the
general opinion that they have told the
truth ho far as they have spoken, and
that there are still depths into which
they might wander without telling all
they know of the crime.
THE AWFUL SECRET
CARRIED BY BIRD.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 4.— "lt was the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
is correct," he said, but when asked
what objections he had to re
peating that statement he simply re
plied. "What's the use?"
"Has anything passed between you
and Belew not contained in The Call's
statement?" No reply.
"Why do you object to a further
statement?" No reply.
"Did Belew say to you: 'To-morrow
I am going to commit a tragedy that
will shock the community? "
"Belew did not designate any time,"
was the reply.
Thus it will be seen that while Mr.
Bird acknowledges in every detail the2
play to secure his companionship upon
a journey into the wilds of Alaska, no
doubt F<rved as constant reminders of
a relation which was an everlasting
source of danger to both, as long a3
they both li\. I.
Now that Bird has relieved his con
science, now that the man who looked
on his life as a constant menace to his
own, is in custody, he at least enjoys
a feeling of safety that was not his
so long as Belew was at large.
What influence has silenced the
tongue of J. W. P.ird? It is found in
this one request, which was handed to
The Call correspondent to-night. It
was a note in the handwriting of Bird
himself and which contained a request
that The Call correct the statement
that Mis. Bird was a sister of Belew.
H<>rr-in lies the secret of Bird's silence.
While his wife was not related by blood
•lew, her sister was the wife of
the murderer, and to protect he:\ Bird
carried th>- secret as long as he could.
During the invostigation immediately
foil owing the crime, Mr. Bird sent for
The- « ' a : ! correspondent and in a room
of the building where Mr. Bird now re
sides, he introduced the wife of Frank
. . who wanted to contradict a
Statement ir.nde to the 'effect that she
had returned to nor husband. This
Btatemetit was corrected in The Call
as she requested and at the time Mr.
Bird manifested a great desire to see
the name of his wife's sister forever
1 from that of Frank Belew.
"I may have something to say later
on," was the expression repeatedly used
by Mr. Bird, but beyond that he will
say nothing.
THE CALL'S ENTERPRISE
EVERYWHERE COMMENDED.
Credit Is Given by the People Also to
the Hard-Working Officials
of Solano County.
VALLEJO. Feb. 4.— Nothing but
words of commendation for the man
agement of the San Francisco Call was
heard on all sides this morning upon
the enterprise shown in being the only
city paper to give the news concern
ing the arrest of the murderer of the
Belew brother and sister at Dixon. All
of the officials are well known here,
and are accorded much praise for their
efforts in bringing the human monster
behind the bars.
The Vallejo Chronicle says: "The
Pan Francisco Call was the- only paper
thia morning to publish the details of
the airest. and The Call .gives due
credit to the authorities. District At
torney Devlin, the Sheriff and the de
tectives for their work in running
down the criminal. When the mur
derer believed the District Attorney
'aa good as pie' and was looking
for his support at the next election
the latter was all the time engaged in
getting testimony which would bring
him to the gallows. The Chronicle
would like to know what the murderer
now thinks of the District Attorney.
The Call has scored a splendid victory
in its great 'scoop' of this morning."
DUNHAM'S ESTATE
TO BE ATTACHED
Ordered to Be Seized on a Judg
ment Obtained by the
Shesslers.
Farents of One or the Murderer's Vic
tims to Be Partially Compen
sated for Their Loss.
Special r>i!=r>atch to The Call. ■
SAN JOSE. Feb. 4.— Judge Kittredge
this morning made an order instructing
Sheriff Lyndon to levy upon the money
and mortgage belonging to James C.
Dunham, the McGlincy murderer, to sat
isfy an $8000 judgment obtained by Jacob
Shessler and wife against the fugitive.
The judgment was given as damages for
the killing of Minnie Shessler, a daugh
!• i of the plaintiff, who was murdered
while employed as a domestic in the Mc-
Giincy family. The girl was the sole sup
port of her aged parents.
Dunham left a $1500 mortgage against
the Penniman Bros, and nearly $1000 on
deposit in a local bank. These were or
dered levied upon, but Sheriff Lyndon
refused to do so on the advice of his at
torneys. It was claimed that the sum
mons in the damage BUlt, which was by
publication, had never been properly
served.
Judge Kittredge to-day held that the
.service ha*l been proper and directed the
Sheriff to procet-ed with the execution.
Gilroy's Board of Trade.
GTLROY, Fob. 4.— ln response to a call
of Mayor Casey about forty citizens met
at Judge Willey's courtroom last evening
to organize a Board of Trade. Mayor
Casey was elected president, M. Lennon
first vice-president, Dr. J. W. Thayer
second vice-president, E. D. Crawford
recording secretary. Will F. Blake cor
responding secretary and E. H. Farmer
treasurer. Thirty-three signed the roll
of membership. It is intended to adver
tise the resources of Gilroy Valley and
offer inducements to outside capital for
Investment in manufacturing industries.
THE POISONER'S VICTIMS.
SAD ENDING OF
BOYISH STRIFE
One Schoolboy Crushes
the Skull of
Another. •
- - «
Lads of Rival Institutions En
gage in a Combat at
Colton.
Almost Precipitate a Riot Between
Catholic and Protestant
Citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Feb. 4.— ln a fight at Col
ton yesterday between pupils, of the
public school and those of a Catholic
parochial school, Gregory Yunck, : aged
16, who attends the Catholic « school,
was fatally injured, his skull being
badly fractured. ;
Yesterday's trouble was the outcome
of a difficulty of long standing be
tween the two sets of pupils. Walter
Singleton has been leader of the public
school boys, -who, while passing the
Catholic school, have been subject to
many taunts. These, though begun
good naturedly, have, gradually become
unpleasantly severe.
Yesterday the public school pupils re
solved to be prepared for an encounter
and armed themselves with clubs.
Yunck stood just inside the gate, be
ing foremost among the Catholic boys,
when Singleton passed on horseback.
Infuriated by the jeers of the boys, Sin
gleton hurled his club into the crowd,
striking Yunck on the right side of the
head, back of the ear.
A physician was hastily summoned
and pronounced the wound very seri
ous. The skull was depressed and frac
tured and a bad cut inflicted, which re
quired several stitches. The boy has
been unconscious ever since and may
die at any time.
Young Singleton, who is 17 years old,
turned about and went home. Later a
warrant was issued and he was taken
before a Justice of the Peace. He
waived examination and was put under
$500 bonds to appear in the Superior
Court. A large crowd congregated in
the justice room, among them the
father of the injured boy, who had filed
the complaint. His indignation at
young Singleton's coolness nearly car
ried him beyond bounds. For a few
minutes it looked as though a riot
was imminent betweep the Catholics
and Protestants. After parleying, both
sides agreed to let the law take its
course.
NEW MEXICO'S BIG SNOWFALL.
Nothing Like It in the Mountains
for Fifteen Years.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Feb". 4.— The
heaviest snowfall that has been known
in this section for fifteen years has oc
curred during the last ten days. The
Sandia and Manzano ranges, east and
southeast of this place, are white clear
down to their bases, and the depth of
snow will average three feet througho it;
the mountains, being, of course, much
heavier toward the summits. Large
gume— deer and bear — is unusually abun
dant in the lower mountains and in the
foothills, having been driven down by thfl
heavy snow above, and a great many vi
the herds of sheep which are usually
taken into the mountnin valleys for win
ter pasturage have been driven out on
the plains, the snow being so deep on th- 1
mountains that the animals cannot get
down to the grass. On the plains and in
the river valleys copious rains have fallen
and the earth is well soaked, making a
fine prospect for next season's grass crop
If the snow is correspondingly heavy in
the northern mountains the Rio Grande
will boom when the warm weather comes
on, and it will be a surplus and not a
deficit that the farmers of the valley will
have to wrestle with next May and June.
HANFORD MOVES FOR
CITY WATER WORKS.
Prominent Men Quietly Preparing
for a Campaign Against the
Corporation Yoke.
HANFORD, Feb. 4.— The active ef
fort of The Call in behalf of the citi
zens of Los Angeles to obtain water
works has greatly interested many
people in Hanford, and a number of
prominent citizens are quietly prepar
ing for a campaign for city water
works here. Some of the present City
Council are in favor of any practica
ble plan that will enable, this active
and growing community to avoid the
difficulties of corporation monopoly
water supply in the fufflre.
Clara Barton's Mission of Mercy.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— The Cuban re
lief committee to-day gave out the in
formation that Clara Barton will go at
once to Cuba to minister to the starv
ing and to the victims of the diseases
that now ravage that unfortunate land.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
PLOT TO KILL
THE PRESIDENT
It Takes in a Large
Number of Men in
the West.
Wild Story Sent to the De
partment of Justice From
New Mexico.
The Man Who Sends It Says There Is
an Oath to Use Dyna
mite.
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— A special from New
York to the Tribune says: Wylie B. Chil
dres, United States Attorney for the Ter
ritory of New Mexico, has written to the
Department of Justice the details of what
he considers a dangerous conspiracy. He
relates In precise official form that the se
cret agent of one of the big railroad cor
porations had informed him, with every
particular, that a secret organization,
known as the American Patriotic League,
was gaining headway in the towns of Ra
ton and Flossburg, N. M., and Trinidad
and La Junta, Colo., and the surrounding
country. This organization has for its
motto "Liberal Land and Leisure."
Mr. Childers reports the oath taken y
members of the American Patriotic
League provides that each member snail
within sixty days of swearing allegiance
equip himself with a 45-90 rifle and be
ready for emergencies.
The oath also contemplates, says Mr.
Childers, a struggle with the National
Government, as each member is pledged
to proceed on orders to accomplish tne
death of the President and his Cabinet
by the use of dynamite.
As part of the programme members of
the New Mexican contingent have ap
plied to the Adjutant-General of the Ter
ritory to be enlisted in the National
Guard of New Mexico and to be supplied
with arms and ammunition and one or
two Gatling guns for battery purposes.
Mr. Childers informs the department uiat
the threats of these men, high flown
though they be, are not to be treated
lightly.
"NOT GUILTY"
CLARK'S PLEA
Lawyers Will Try to Save
the Fratricide's
Neck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Feb. 4. — Murderer Clark was
In godd spirits to-night.
"You can rest assured," he said to
The (Tall correspondent, "that when I
go upon the stand to-morrow morning
I will tell the truth, and nothing but
the truth."
Clark's attorneys, Henry Hogan and
C. J. Beerstecher, were admitted to his
cell and remained closeted with him
for thirty-live minutes. When they
came out they made the following
statement to The Call correspondent:
"Clark will plead not guilty to-mor
row. This is positive and conclusive,
and you may say in addition that his
determination to so plead is entirely of
his own volition. We shall demur to
the information and move for its dis
missal on the grounds that insufficient
evidence was adduced at the prelimin
ary hearing to justify his being held."
Notwithstanding this positive decla
ration of the lawyers, there are a few
who believe that when Clark appears
in court he will not have the stamina
to resist the admission of his guilt.
They believe that he will upset all the
plans of his lawyers. To-night the as
sassin was firm in his declaration that
he would plead not guilty.
The fratricide has a brother, John
Clark, living near his father's home,
at Rinard, Wayne County, 111. The
brother conducts a store. Clark has
written to his brother, and to his father
also, and he expects to receive financial
assistance from both. C. J. Beer
stecher, one of the attorneys for the
defense, has written to the father with
a similar end in view.
SLOAN WILL SOON ARRIVE.
Will Have the Pick of , the Jennings
* Mounts While Here.
CHICAGO, Feb. 4.-"Tod Sloan started
for San Francisco last night. i : It is proba
ble that he will have the choice of the
mounts ": sent to i the • post >by W. B. Jen
niings, J ; negotiations ; to . that? end having
, been , conducted by wire « during i the . last
week. The ' string comprises a few taken
from the East last fall and a lot of "dark
ones" from " Rancho del Paso, which ? John
\ Mackay selected : and placed: in Jennings'
carp. v - . ' -":■:■..■■.-■ .--.-:--■• . .-:■.-.■»■
MAY RETAIN
WEI HAI WEI
INDEFINITELY
Japan in No Hurry
to Give Up the
Territory.
Likely to Hold It Even
After China Pays Her
Indemnity.
Diplomats Pleased fey the
Statements of the Mar
quis Ito.
FRIENDSHIP FOR AMERICA
So Far Uncle Sam Sees No Reason for
Interfering in the Controversy
in the Far East.
Copyrighted 1598 by James Gordon Bennett.
YOKOHAMA, Feb. 4.— The Japanese
Government is seriously considering
te retention of Wei Hai Wei for an in
definite period, even after China pays
the war indemnity. A. G. Buck, Unit
ed States Minister, to-day presented
Commodore Dewey and his staff to the
Emperor and Empress at the Imperial
Palace at Tokio. The flagship Olympia
will go to Chinese waters next week.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: In diplomatic and other
public circles the important interview
with Marquis Ito, Prime Minister of
Japan, printed in the Herald this
morning, was read with the deepest
interest. In general the impression
created is that Japan does not pro
pose to stand idle and permit European
powers to exclude her from trade in
ports whose opening she made possible.
As a result of the interview there has
been a renewal of the talk among pub
lic men here about the possibility of
joint action of some kind by the
United States, Great Britain and Ja
pan in the Orient. While an alliance
is not In contemplation, the possibility
of the simultaneous declaration of each
to the effect that all treaty rights must
be respected in the opening of new
ports is talked of. I was informed to
day that no ij^tion had been taken by
this Governifri^nt looking to interfer
ence in ChiniL'
The President has been keeping in
close touch with developments, but
nothing has occurred which he consid
ered sufficiently injurious to the inter
ests of the American people to justify
representations to any foreign Gov
ernment. The adminaltratloja authori
ties were j»rti--ularjy pleased with
Marquis Itowstu;ement that his Gov
ernment will cultivate friendly rela
tions with the I'nited States, and all
feeling over the Hawaiian question has
disappeared. Teh President has felt
certain since an agreement was
reached with Japan respecting the
rights of Japanese citizens in Hawaii
that there will be no further trouble
with Japan regarding annexation, and
it is felt that this belief is borne out.
President McKinley discussed the
situation in China with the Cabinet
soon after the occupation of Kiaochau
Bay by Germany. It was then decided
that no interference was necessary, as
it was felt that the occupation of Chi
nese ports by European Governments
would, If such ports were made free,
result in increasing the commerce of
the United States. I was told to-day
by an official of the State Department
that Embassador White has not con
firmed the report that Kiaochou is to
be an open port* and there is some fear
that Germany may make a discrimina
tory regulation. It is feared other Gov
ernments also may make regulations
harmful to American trade.
Secretary Sherman is giving close at
tention to this matter, and I was told
he looks with favor upon the proposi
tion for the United States to request
China to place ports at the disposal of
this government. He was in confer
ence to-day with Rear Admiral F. V.
MfNalr, who has just returned from
Asia. The latter talked to the Presi
dent a few moments before seeing the
Secretary. Admiral McNair explained
the report that the increase in the
English squadron in Chinese waters
is due to the great superiority of the
Russian fleet. Qn one Russian ship
alone, the Admiral Nachimoff. there
are quartered more than a thousand
men, and while the British fleet might
be superior in number of vessels, it did
not have the force of numbers Russia
would have in case of trouble.
At the Japanese legation the Her
ald's interview with Marquis Ito was
read with particular interest. Minister
Hoshi, although he differs very radi
cally with Marquis Ito on many points,
is in almost complete accord with the
Premier's statements. He will not pub
licly discuss the matter at this time,
however. I learned from a high offi
cial of the legation that Minister Hx»shi
is in favor of the extension of the na
val power of Japan, and believes it is
the duty of his government to lend
its aid to prevent any partition of the
Chinese Empire by western powers. It
is not, however, considered at the lega
tion that a crisis in the eastern situa
tion is imminent.
LONDON, Feb. s.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of'the Times says: In com
pliance with the request of Sir Rcrbert
Hart, director of Chinese Imperial Mar
itime Customs, the Tsung Li Yamen
has appointed Mr. Robert Bredon as
deputy inspector general of customs,
with the proviso that the chief author
ity must not be delegated.
The Times, commenting editorially on
the appointment of Robert Bredon as
deputy inspector general of Chinese
customs, says: It is a very satisfac
tory announcement. For the present
there is no danger of the customs ad
ministration being destroyed by the po
litical or commercial rivalry of foreign
nations.
FREIGHT CONDUCTOR LOSES
HIS LIFE ON THE RAILS.
Forrest Davis Run Down and In-
stantly Killed in the Yards
at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Feb. A.— Forrest Davis, a
freight conductor, whose train was bound
for Sacramento, was killed here at 5:30
o'clock. Xobody saw the accident, and
it is not known just how it occurred. The
train was standing at the depot while the
engine was switching empty cars on a
sidetrack. Davis was last seen alive
standing on a crossing signaling to the
engineer to back up. His mangled re
mains were discovered by Engineer 51a
ginnis after several cars and the engine
ixad passed over nis body.
Davis was very popular. He was mar
ried, but had no children. He lived in Sac
ramento.
MUST ADD TO
THE TAX RATE
No Money to Complete
the San Jose High
School.
Serious Condition Which ' the
j Board of Education
- Faces. . '
Without Funds Wherewith to Fur
nish the Building When It Is
Constructed. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' ■ • ' ■ ■■"- ■ ■ \ •
SAN JOSE, Feb. There is no
money on hand with which 'to furnish
and complete the new $75,000 High
School now nearing completion in Nor
mal square, and the City Board of
Education is in a quandary as to where
the funds : are to come from.
In November, 1896, the city voted
bonds in the sum of $75,000 . for the
erection and completion of a high
school building. A portion of Normal
square was ceded to the city by the
State for a site. Bids were called for
and the erection of the . building com
menced. But the cost of furnishing the
building was overlooked, and now the
question is, : Where is the $13,580 need
ed to furnish- the school to come from?
On about May 1 the building will be
turned over to the city : with the base
ment unfinished and with many extras
needed for the other floors. No work
has been done on the basement. The
walls will have to be plastered, the
floors cemented, cloak . rooms and
laboratories finished, and doors, win
dows, etc., put in. To do this it is es
timated by the supervising architects,
Jacob Lenzen & Son, will cost about
$4000. Without the use of the base
ment the school would be seriously
harassed.
Aside from this $9580 will be needed
to furnish the school rooms and build
ing. These are the items:
Twelve hundred -school desks at $3 25... 53, 900 00
Eighteen teachers' desks at $10 ISO 00
Twelve hundred chairs for hall 1,000 00
One piano ••■• 400 00
Furnishing office •••• 150 00
Furnishing reception room ..':...... 100 00
Fitting up chemical laboratory 1.000 00
Fitting- up physical laboratory ;...... 1,000 00
Fitting up 1ibrary......... 250 00
Fitting up stage .../ 200 00
Blackboards .'....:... ."... 1,400 00
This makes a total of $13,580 that will
have to be raised in order to furnish
the building. This year 5^ cents was
raised by taxes for the support of the
high school, and for next year a con
servative estimate would be 7 cents.
A levy of 13 cents was made for the
grammar grades this year, which, with
hV 2 cents for the high school, makes a
total of 18^ cents for the School De
partment.
When the apportionment was made
the Council stated that this was all
that could possibly be allowed the
School Department and still maintain
the other city departments. If this
be so it is not known where the $13,580
will come from, because it would re
quire an additional 7 cents to raise
$13,580.
Of the $75,000 of bonds issued to build
the school only $400 will remain when
the building is turned over to the city
to be furnished. The contract for the
building, plumbing, etc., was awarded
to D. J. Byron for $C 1.357, and George
H. Tay of San Francisco secured the
contract for heating apparatus for
$8996. This makes a total of $70,253.
The supervising architects, J. enzen &
Son, will get $3512, or 5 per cent of the
two contracts. The balance has gone
for extras and changes, and but $400 re
mains. The building must be ready for
occupancy by August 29..
A meeting of the board and City
Council will be held in a few days for
the purpose of discussing ways and
means for carrying on the work. The
money will have to be raised by taxa
tion, and as the new charter limits the
tax rate to $1 on each $100 valuation,
it will be necessary to take this amount
from the other departments. An addi
tional 7 cents will have to be added to
the school fund apportionment, making
that levy for next year about 28 cents.
BREAKS THE RECORD
MADE BY THE COLUMBIA.
Steamship State of California Makes
the Run to Portland in Less
Than Two Days.
PORTLAND, Feb. 4.— The glory of mak
ing the fastest trip on record between
San Francisco and Portland rested with
the good steamship Columbia but five
short days. The State of California
landed at the Ainsworth dock to-day,
after making the trip in 47 hours and >«
minutes. The various points along the
route were passed as follows: Left San
Francisco. Wednesday, 10:50 a. m. ; Point
Bonita Wednesday. 11:20 a. m.; Point
Reyes. Wednesday, 1:07 p.m.; Point Arena,
Wednesday, 5:40 p. m.; Mendocino, Thurs
day 12:06 a. m.; Cape Blanco, Thursday,
10:15 a. m.; Cape Arago. 12:29 p. m.; Ump
qua, 1:50 p. m.; Yaquina, 6:08 p. m. ; Cape
Mcares, 9:22 p. m.; Tillamook, 11:12 p. m.;
lightship. Friday, 12:15 a. m.: Astoria,
Friday, 2:01 a. m.; mouth of Willamette,
9:14 a. m.; arrived at Portland, 10:08 a. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
America's Greatest Medicine
r~i T> U «r.,-n TViq fnllrt-arinrt- - c + ntpmAnfa ties of Hood's Sarsaparilla and was cured
Greatest, Because it com- _ lhe following statements and he has had no more trouble of that
pletelv cures the worst cases illustrate the grea.t success of kind sinee 1 , i would add that i have upo.i
1  , 11 it. ixr J» Gn~~.>.>,.«.:uG n ~~.>.>,.«.:u -. i* s.,t-~lr,rr Hood's Pills and like them so well T be-
of scrofula, when all other i Hood s Sarsaparilla in curing lleve they ghould be ln every fam(ly
medicines fail to do any COod. I Scrofula and all Complaints After being once used I believe they will
This disease affects a vast arising from impure blood. be preferred." albert c. chast.
proportion of the human "Tustin city Cai , Dec. 24, 1897. Had Eczema.
race, and causes running .. My «,„ has had eclema w bll<ily
sores, hip disease and SWOllen T was bothered for flve yea rs with pirn- tor several years and has suffered a great
neck Thousands Of cMI- pies on my face and body. I had tried deal He has been taking Hood's Sarsa-
, . v " c^^.,l« n A many different remedies in the effort to parilla. and believes there is no medicine
dren inherit OCrOIUIa and get rlfl of themi but none of the mcdi- to be compared with It. He is now much
are innocent victims 01 cines I took did me any good. I noticed better - Hood's Sarsaparilla has also
vie iimi^em. '" an advertisement of Hood's Sarsaparilla relieved him of other troubles, and he
its dread!Ul power. HOOd S and dec ided to buy a bottle and begin praises It very highly." CORA PEN-
Sarsaparilla. eradicates every taking this medicine. It did me so much DLETON, Janesville, Cal.
' ' « * . good I kept on until I had taken seven
vestige or Its poisonous j bottles, when the eruptions were all gone Impure Blood
taints, whether inherited or j and i was
onnnirprl Tt<* piirpq at «?prof- " My husband.has not been feeling well
acquired. Its cures or SCroI Wag permanentlyp ermanentIy Cured. *or some time past. Every little scratch
ula have been astonishing, would make a large sore. He took two
„„„,-> tn tU a mfl( li«J n-nfng I owe my good health to Hood's Sarsapa- bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla and now is
e\en to tlie lnea.Cdl proieb- rllla 1 gladly recommend the medicine feeling as well as he ever did fn his life,
sion and have won the last- to others and am thankful for the bene- We are very glad to recommend Hood's
',;,.,.. _ f tUrtncnnrU fit l have derived from **■ MVM V father Sarsaparilla." MRS. CUI.BERT, Batl-
ing gratltUte OI tllOUSaildb. had a bad carbuncle. He took three bot- coy, Cal.
Hood's Sarsaparilla'
America's Greatest Medicine. Prepared $1; six for $5. C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell. I The One True Blood Purifier. America's
by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass. Masa. America's Greatest Medicine. | Greatest Medicine. Sold by all druggists.
f
BOYCOTTED BY
WHITE CITIZENS
Woes of a N egro Postmas
ter in a Georgia
Town.
His Compensation Now Aver
ages but Eleven Cents
a Day.
Various Expedients Devised to De
prive the Colored Man of
His Revenues.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— A Hogansville.
Ga., special to the Herald says: Isaiah
H. Loftin, the negro postmaster at this
place, has written a personal appeal to
President McKinley asking that he be
given another appointment. In this let
ter he states .that the compensation of
his predecessor was about $60 a month,
and that during the six months in
which he has held office, he has aver
aged about 11 cents a day; that the.
boycott instituted by the entire
white population of the city shortly af
ter his appointment has, instead of be
ing broken, grown and strengthened.
A similar appeal was made to Post
master-General Gary some weeks ago,
and as a result mail cars that now
pass through Hogansville are locked
before they reach the town and mes
sengers have been instructed to receive
no mail except in pouches from the
postmaster.
Every man in town has written an
order for his mail, and this is put into
the hands of "Tom" Prather, a young
man who goes twice a day for the mail.
He takes his sack to the postofflce and
gets the mail. The sack is taken to a
store adjoining the Grand Hotel, where
the distribution is made by A. Hard
way, who was postmaster during Mr.
Cleveland's term.
In sending mail out of town the citi
zens resort to various expedients. The
larger part of the mail, however, is car
ried to the train, and as the mail clerk
opens his locked door to throw out the
mail, it is thrown in bulk over his head
into the car.
Loftin, who at one time owned con
siderable property, is now practically
penniless. Credit has been refused him
by merchants, and his last horse was
levied on this week. Shortly after he
was commissioned he was shot at three
times from ambush.
RICH GOLD QUARTZ FROM
VIRGINIA DALE DISTRICT.
Beautiful Specimens Brought to San
Bernardino by John Cas
tain, a Miner.
SAN BERNARDINO, Feb. 4.— John
Castain, a miner, came in to-day with
the most cheering news from the Vir
ginia Dale mining district In this coun
ty, that has been heard from that
camp for many days. He also brought
beautiful specimens of gold-bearing
Quartz and free gold from the Bon Ton
mine, which created quite a 3t'r in
mining circles. A four-foot ledge of
very rich ore has just been struck in
the Bon Ton and there is a c )nsidera
ble quantity of free ?old in shjht. No
assay has been made, but great things
are expected of this mine. Before this
strike, the proprietors, Messrs. Rankin
and Ganchou, considered the Bon Ton
a good piece of property and estimated
its value at $50,000.
Adverse reports of the Virginia Dale
district have recently been published.
These are erroneous and do great in
justice to the camp. The only trou
ble there is the lack of milling facil
ities. The Cornish roller mill was
only an experiment, but has been do
ing pretty fair lately. It is believed
that this last rich strike will cause the
mine owners to place in a large stamp
mill. There is gold enough in sight
to justify the expenditure.
STRUCK ON THE HEAD
BY A FALLING TIMBER.
SALINAS, # Feb. 4.— Frank Nelson, an
employe on the San Francisco Bridge
Company's work at the sugar factory,
was seriously injured this afternoon. A
heavy timber fell two stories and struck
Nelson on the head with such force that
it knocked him from a platform where
he worked and onto a pile of fine, sharp
rocks. The fall on these rocks caused
the man to be badly cut about the head
and face. Five long, jagged and deep
cuts were the result of the fall, and two
of them on the face are very bad wounds.
A physician was summoned from this
city, and, upon his arrival at the scene
of the accident, found the man In a ser
ious condition. The doctor dressed the
injured man's wounds. Nelson was moved
to the bridge company's lodging quar
ters, where, with proper treatment, ft is
expected he will recover. He has been
in the employ of the bridge company for
several years, and this is the first time
he was ever seriously Injured.
WACHLINE DIES
BY THE HOPE '
Murderer of John Ledrick
Executed at Hills
boro.
Insists on the Gallows That He
Did Not Commit the
Crime.
How an Old Rancher Was Slain by
an Ex-Convict Whom Ho
Had Prosecuted. •
6pec!al Dispatch to Th» Call.
HILLSBORO, Or., Feb. 4.— Ous
Wachline, the murderer of John' Led/
rick, was' hanged here at noon to-day.
When on the scaffo-ld Wachline said:
'What I wish to say is that the
statement I made is a true statement.
I am- innocent of the crime of which
I am convicted. I ask the Lord Jesus
to take me as I am."
Seventeen minutes after the trap was
sprung the body was cut down. In
vitations were sent out to about 150
person* but when the doors leading to
the enclosure where the scaffold waa
erected were opened about 500 people
pushed their way in and witnessed the
execution.
John D. Ledrick, an aged German,
living about three miles south of Forest
Grove, Washington County, was
missed by his neighbors for several
days in March, 1894, but as he led a
very retired life nothing was thought
of it until one day some one called at
his place and failed to bring him to the
front. d<ror by the usual country greet
| ing of "Halloa." Entrance was forced
to the cabin, but no trace could be
found of Ledrick, and in the dimly
lighted place nothing that led to a sus
| picion of foul play was discovered. A
few days later a friend of the old man,
■who knew that he had considerable
money concealed about the cabin, made
i a more careful investigation, and dis
j covered clots of blood in the cracks of
I the floor, and also indications that the
floor had been recently mopped, which
| was in itself a suspicious circumstance,
| as Ledrick had never been known to
clean his shack since he had lived in it.
After considerable searching about
j the place, without result, some one no
! ticed the peculiar tumbled appearance
| of a heap of refuse back of the house,
and when the searching party started
toward it a dog belonging to one of the
men began to sniff, and finally started
to dig vigorously in the pile.' The top
straw was speedily removed, and the
old man's body was found in it.
At first the neighbors were inclined
to suspect Robert Buck, a churlish
farmer, whose place adjoined Ledrkk's,
and who was known to have been his
enemy. When it was learned, however,
that Gus Wachline, an ex-convict and
a hard character, had been seen in th*>
neighborhood, Buck was freed, and all
hands started on a search for Wach
line. He was traced to Portland, where
suspicions were confirmed by the dis
covery that he had driven Lredriok'«
horses in from Forest Grove and sold
them. Ledrick's overcoat was found in
a lodging house which had btfen occu
pied by Wachline the night hi reached
Portland. |
No one was able to tell whither th* t
fellow had gone, however, and for near- ▼
ly four years the search for him was
in vain. Several men were arrested in
different parts of the State during this
time, but on the arrival of an officer
from Washington County they proved
to be only the victims of resemblance to
the fugitive.
On September 1, 1897. the Sheriff of
Morrow County wired the Washington
County officials that he thought he had
their man. So many false reports had
been sent in that this was hardly cred
ited, but when a description was sent
it was so accurate that Sherift Brad
ford boarded the first train for Morrow
County, where he immediately recog
nized Wachline, and returned to Hills
boro with him.
The fellow had been working as a
farmhand under the names of Hanson
and Brown, apparently confident that
he was safe from further pursuit. He
had concealed on his person when ar
rested a six-shooter and a wicked-look
ing dirk knife, and he made desperate
resistance, but was quickly overpow
ered. Since then he had maintained a
sullen silence up to a few days after
his sentence, when he made a state
ment declaring that Buck was the mur
derer, and that he was bullied into
burying the body and driving the mur
dered man's team to Portland. Buck
convincing him that the -fact that h<*
was an ex-convict would be sure to lead
people to believe that he (Wachline)
was the guilty one.
Wachline was tried in December, and
the circumstantial evidence against him
was such that a verdict of murder In
the first degree was returned Immedi
ately. Since his statement,] however,
there are many who believi that he
was only an accessory to thelmurder.SCORES THE
SCHEME FOR
ANNEXATION
Mr. White Concludes
a Most Telling
Speech.
In Executive Session the
Senate Learns Some
Pointed Facts.
!
Hawaiian Islands Could Not'
Benefit the United
States.
PROTECTION DIFFICULT.
It Would Require an Enormous Float
to Guard Domains so
Far Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— Senator
White concluded his three days' speech
in opposition to the annexation of Ha
waii in the executive session of the
Senate to-day. At the beginning of to
day's speech he made some additional
points against the availability of Ha
waii for defensive purposes, saying
that it Is 500 miles from the outside
islands of the group to other islands.
This fact, he said, demonstrated that
numerous points must be guarded from
hostile assault and that a powerful
navy would be required to accomplish
this: that the immense expenditures
will be without benefit to our defenses
on the continent. He declared that If
Hawaii would be acquired it would be
contended that our domains should be j
extended to other Islands, and we i
would finally embark upon the foreign j
acquisition business, involving an out
lay of hundreds of millions of dollars.
He then took up the question of la
bor, contending- that the Chinese and
Japanese are rt-ieiving $15 a month
without board. He ridiculed the pre
tension that the Angl©-Saxon race
could labor in liawaiian sugar fields,
and demanded to know why, if they
.. there was so little white labor
he is.ands now. He read from a
nsular report to show that the
isiness was ut best problem
id that even in this work la
bore:;? only receive $15 a month with
out board. He di-nounced the master
servant regulations now in force
he islands as a species of slavery;
that coffee must be procured in
• tition with the lowest rrade of
rs and that the time would
never come when a. farmhand on a
plantation would receive the
whit'- man's wages. He also asserted
that the Japanese have the same right
to come into the United States enjoyed
by i iher foreigners, and the white con
tract laborers of all kinds are excluded,
fctiil there is no obstacle to the entry of
the ordinary Japanese laborer who
complies with our general immigration
laws, and said that if annexation were
brought about Oriental labor would
still dominate the situation in Hawaii.
He denounced as absurd the assertion
that trade would be diverted from the
United States if annexation were dc
i.and said that even with the pres
ent treaty out of the way, Hawaiians
would do business with us; that when
the McKlnley bill was in force they
still traded with the United States. He
compared the growing trade of Japan
to that of Hawaii, showing that cotton,
flour and manufactures of iron and
steel were fast occupying the Japanese
market. He said that if there ever was
any necessity of holding anything in
Hawaii, our possession at Pearl Harbor
was enough. He deniecr that there
were any valuable agricultural possi
bilities to justify annexation.
White then took up the Dole Gov
ernment, Insisting that it was Irregular
and a fraud. He said in this connection
that it was universally conceded that
the Hawaiian natives were well edu
cated and would be citizens of this
country in case of annexation, and con
tended that they should be consulted.
He read from the proceedings with re
lation to the admission of Texas to
show that the constitution providing
for annexation and the specific ques
tion of annexation was submitted to a
popular vote; that whatever might be
the rule as to barbarous tribes or por
tions of territories held by monarch
ies, it was clear that here, where the
validity of the Government is chal
lenged and when the people have not
had opportunity to vote upon the ques
tion nf admission, no affirmative
action could be taken.
This Government based upon the !
will of the people could not, he said, I
afford to Incorporate a large number of
persons, who would be eligible to citi
zenship, against their will. He read !
from Judge Cooley and several other ;
writers in support of his views, and de
clared again that the entire power be- '
hind the throne was the sugar com- - 1
bination of Hawaii, whose personal ,
interests had, he said, always been con
suited, regardless of the effect upon the
public. He criticized the action of Pres-
Ident Dole in coming to Washington at
such time, and said he asked what
would have been thought of the taste
of the Prince of AVales had* he come
here at the time the treaty of arbitra
tlon was under consideration for the ;
purpose of influencing our action. He |
reviewed at length the general policies
and theories of our Government, de- j
clared than, the question was above all i
00000000 OO 00000 OO " ':■ ■'■. ; 3p o
GOING FAST!
© Scribners History
I Of the United States.
| FVK &1.50
o■—- . ■ ■
O - Down, balance in 8 monthly payments of $2.00 each. Call and examine
Q this great work in five massive volumes. 3500 paces. 1 GOO illustrations,
q at a discount of over 40 per cent if ordered before February 18.
O Whole sets on approval free of expense .to out-of-
O town readers. Examine this great worK- You need It.
® - ■ v Your family needs it. •
o HISTORY DEFT, 1208 CLAUS SPRECKELS BLDG.
° -^£>OP£[S THIS EVENING FROM 7TO 9 LOCK V^*c^
° THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.
o '■:■: :■ ■ -; , ■:■'-. y • '■•'.- - -. ■■:. ■; :■: ' .--,'
00000000000 000 o o o 00 o o 00 0000 000 o 00 o 6
ALL JAPANESE
COULD BECOME
NATURALIZED
In the Event of Annexation
Those in Hawaii as Well
. as Here Are Entitled
to Citizenship.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4. — In explanation of the position assumed by
our State Department in the negotiations with the Japanese Govern
ment relative to the status >f Japanese citizens in Hawaii, in case of
the annexation of the islands by the United States, it may be stated on
the authority of the officials charged with the conduct of the negotia
tions that In their view, if new legislation is not had, the natives of
Japan resident in any part of the territory of the United States, unless
expressly excepted by law or treaty, will have the right of citizens of
the most favored nation after July, 1899, upon the taking effect of the
treaty with Japan negotiated by the last administration and promul
gated March 21, 1895.
The department officials believe that the Japanese now in the United
States are entitled to naturalization provided they comply with the
terms of the existing laws, and that they are also entitled to free entry
to our shores, the only prohibition upo-n Asiatic immigration being laid
upon Chinese.
In addition the new treaty with Japan, specifically in articles 1 and 2,
confers upon Japanese in the Unit.od States full right of entry and
travel and all of the rights enjoyed by people of any ottit*r nationality
in defense of their rights and in all matters connected with the admin
istration of justice. They are privileged to hold lands as native citi
zens, to- trade freely, establish factories and generally to all of the
exemptions accorded other nationalities. With all this there is one sav
ing clause found in the second article, providing that the treaty shall
net affect the laws regarding trade. Immigration of laborers, police
and public security which are now in force or which may be hereafter
enacted. It i.s possible that, exercising this privilege, Congress may leg
islate to control the entry into the United States of Japanese or regu
late their movements from one part of our territory to another, but as
the matter now stands there is no provision touching this subject, and
there will be none under the operation of the new treaty in 1599 unless
Congress acts.
politics, and that it was a step which
if taken, could not add to our glory or
increase our wealth, or be regarded as
an evidence of our honesty.
Fred Ferguson, Late Sher
iff of Del Norte County.
CRESCENT CITY, Feb. 4.— Fred
Ferguson, Sheriff of Del Korte County,
died Sunday at his residence in this
city of pneumonia. His sickness was
of only a few days' duration, and the
announcement of his death was a sad
surprise to many who had but a few
days- past observed him in the vigor of
health and in the prompt discharge of
his official duties.
Mr. Ferguson was elected Sheriff of
Del Norte County in 1895, and his of
ficial career was one of signal ability
and integrity. He was a native of
Wisconsin, 48 years of age, and leaves
a widow and five children. He was a
member of the Odd Fellows, Rebekah
and Workmen lodges.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Economical Ideas May Cause Delay-
in Securing an Appropriation
for San Pedro.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.— Though Chair
man Cannon of the Appropriations Com
mittee is positively oposed to approprl
! ating $3,000,000 for San Pedro harbor or
any part of it for this fiscal year, the sub
! committee having this matter in charge
! is in favor of it. They were- seen by Rep
i resentative Magulre to-day. Magulre is,
j however, doubtful about the outcome, as
i Speaker Reed and Chairman Cannon are
< both economically Inclined. Senator Per
| kins thinks he will as a member of the
] Appropriations Committee have no trou
! ble in getting the appropriation made on
; the Senate side, but fears it may be
i stricken out in the conference committee.
j It is pretty well settled that there will be
jno river and harbor bill this session.
i Therefore the efforts of Congressman
I J.oud to secure a half million dollars for
San Francisco harbor, and of Congress
] man De Vrles and P. A. Buell to get a
1 large appropriation for the Sacramento
■ and San Joacjuin rivers are likely to be
futile.
A postoffice was to-day establishpd at
San Anselmo, Cal., and W. P. Taylor ap
pointed postmaster.
E. D. Atwood was to-day appointed
postmaster at Newport Beach. Cal.
Senator Perkins thinks that no appro
priation can be secured for the removal
of the Indian school at Perris. Cal. Ven
tura, San Bernardino and other towns
• are contending for it. Perkins has secured
In the Indian bill the retention of $1500
; for the payment of (he superintendent of
the Round Valley Indian agency, which
! appropriation was stricken out by the
! House.
Senator Perkins has secured a report
from the Committee on Commerce f>>r a
1 fog signal at Blounts Reef, Or., to cost
i $15,000.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SAT U HI) A Y , MHUUAKr 5, ISJJS.
STARTLED
BY SPAIN'S
NEW PLANS
Using Merchant Ma
rine in Preparing
for Hostilities.
Havana Steamer to Be
Armed for Duty as
a Cruiser.
Declaration of War Would
Not Have More Surprised
Diplomats.
WATCHING THE VIZCAYA.
Cruiser Brooklyn Said to Be on a
Mission More Significant Than
That of Courtesy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BARCELONA, Spain, Feb. 4.— The
Prefect has stopped the departure from
this port of the Spanish steamer
Ciudad de Cadiz and has returned the
fares of passengers booked to sail on
board of her. She will be armed and
used as a cruiser to escort the Spanish
torpedo flotilla to Cuba.
A special to the World from Wash
ington Bays* A declaration of war from
Spain would scarcely have surprised
Washington more than did the news
that the Havana steamship Ciudad do
Cadiz is to be transformed at Barce
lona into a cruiser to escort the Span
ish torpedo flotilla to Cuban waters.
There had been no previous intimation
that the Madrid Government intended
to utilize the merchant marine in pre
paring for war. The State Department
frankly admits that no reasonable ex
planation of this action is apparent. In
Congressional circles the drafting of
the Ciudad de Cadiz is regarded as an
indication that matters are progressing
toward an open rupture between the
United States and Spain,
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— A morning pa
per says: It was stated at the navy
yard by one of the officers yesterday
that there was more in the sailing of
the protected cruiser Brooklyn than
has been made public. It has been said
in the first place that she is on unat
tached duty, and that for the present
she belongs to no squadron, and that
Captain Cook is only responsible to the
Secretary of the Navy, and that the
so-called visits of courtesy to be made
by the Brooklyn are merely given as a
cover, as her final orders will be to
watch very closely the Spanish war
ship Vizcaya, which Is now on her way
across the ocean, ostensibly to visit in
a friendly way American ports.
CRUISER MONTGOMERY
VISITS MATANZAS.
Captain Converse Reports That He
Fired a Salute, Which Was
Duly Responded to.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— The Navy De
partment has received a telegram from
Captain Converse of , the cruiser Mont
gomery announcing the. arrival of that
vessel at Matanzas, Cuba, yesterday;
The captain said that he fired a salute
which was. duly responded to by the
Spanish forts ; that visits were : ex
changed ! between ; himself and the local
officials, and that he had been received
with, the greatest courtesy. Every
thing was unusually quiet at Matanzas,
added Captain Converse. ;He ; will leave
the p:iace , in the i Montgomery; to-mor
row for ': Santiago, and : his stay ■ there
will be brief. ;v- ;. -, ,
The Brooklyn, which la bound for a
cruise; In the Windward Islands, and
thence through the Caribbean Sea,
winding up at Colon, sailed to-day r from
the ■ New York navy yard for Hampton
Roads for coal. She, will make her next
stop ; after ; leaving j Hampton > Roads at
St. Thomas, and her itinerary,; does not
carry ; her 1 into ; any Cuban ; port. The
training ship Annapolis has 'arrived at
St. Crolx, and the gunboat Wilmington
has \ sailed ■ from \ Trinidad ' or ; Grenada.
— ti i . -tAu- - ~ - - - _ -
GERMANY'S
TRADE WAR
PROGRESSES
Threat to Quarantine
All Horses From
America.
Influenza Alleged as the
Pretext for This
Move.
On a Par With the Order Re
lating to the Exclusion
of Fruit.
PROTESTS NOT IN VAIN.
Already th© Arbitrary Decree of the
Prussian Minister of Finance
Has Been Modified.
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
BERLIN. Feb. 4. — Baron yon
Himmerstein-Loxten, the Minis
ter of Agriculture, at to-day's
session of the Prussian Diet, de
clared that American horses de
velo-ped influenza after being im
ported. He added: "If the im
portations increase we shall cer
tainly be forced to adopt a suit
able quarantine in order to
protect ourselves."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— When the
cable as to the prospective quarantine
of American horses was shown to
Chairman Hitt of the House Foreign
Affairs Committee, he said this move
was clearly a part of the general move
ment toward exclusion shown by the
recent action against American fruit.
His colleague <>n the Foreign Affairs
Committee, Adams of Pennsylvania,
said the dispatch suggested that it was
time to discover bacillus in the German
wines, and it would be desirable also to
determine as to the sanitary character
of the process of making German sugar
sent to the United States. Cousins of
lowa, another member of the Foreign
Affairs committee, "Our State
Department should jive distinct notice
that if there is any desire to stop trade
with us this should be done in a
straightforward way, and not by in
directly attacking our products on san
itary grounds. '
Chairman Dinsley of the Ways and
Means Committee sp'd this was in line
with the German action on American
fruit. Quarantine was not an absolute
prohibition, however, and it remained
to be seen wheiher a quarantine so
vigorous as to be a prohibition would
be put in force.
The officials of the Agricultural De
partment emphatically discredit the
probability of American horses carry
ing Influenza into Germany, and say
that if they do develop it after import
ation, it is contracted from animals in
that country. The statements of the
German Minister of Agriculture, Secre
tary Wilson says, are unwarranted.
Dr. Salmon, chief of the Bureau of
Animal Industry, said: "So far as the
Department of Agriculture is aware,
there is no influenza prevailing in this
country. It is a disease common to
horses, and possibly may be present in
places of which we have no informa
tion, but this is improbable. The horses
which are exported are not inspected,
but if an animal has the disease it will
recover or die before the trans-Atlantic
journey Is made. The period of the
duration of the disease is about twu
weeks."
The growth of the shipments of Am
erican horses to Europe in the pasi
few years has been enormous. The^"
shipments in 1897 aggregated in value
$4,765,265. as against $718,607 in 1892.
The value of those sent to Germany in
1897 was $822,250, as compared with
$79,950 in 1893.
The State Department has been no
tified by Embassador White at Berlir
of fhe modification of the original de
cree Issued by the Itrussian Minister
of Finance, Dr. Miquel. prohibiting the
importation of American fruit. Ac
cording to the Embassador's cable to
day the decree does not, as he advised
yesterday, apply to dried fruits, whi!"
fresh fruits will be admitted, to entry if
an examination shows its condition to
be satisfactory. If this modification
has been made in the decree It would
appear that the prompt representa
tions made by the United States have
received an equally prompt considera
tion on the other side. It is certain that
if- the decree as originally nromulgated
had been applied to the shipments of
fruit In transit, as its terms indicated,
the shippers would have had a right to
claim indemnity from the Prussian
Government for the damages sustained
by them, and it would be regarded by
the United States Government as a
matter of duty to sustain this demand
for indemnity.
The State Department is now obliged
to wait the receipt of full advices of
the e.xact nature of the modified de
cree and watch its workings.
White last evening lodged another
formal protest with Baron yon Buelow,
as in spite of the Bundesrath's resolu
tion American fresh fruit is everywhere
excluded.
The United States Consul at Dusp>!
dorf telegraphed to-day that only dried
fruits had been released, and that there
were about 11,000 barrels of apples in
the bonded warehouse there.
The United States Embassy during
the -week has been flooded with appeals
from fruit merchants, dealers and ship
pers who have been injured by the de
cree, and all of them have thanked
White for the vigorous measures he
A New Crazy Sect in Connecticut.
A lot of fanatics In the State recently im-
| mersed an old rheumatic woman bodily in tbe
I water to 'heal her," as they said. She nearly
died in consequence. How much better ii
would have been to have treated the poor old
woman for her infirmity with Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, which not only cures rheu-
matism, but prevents kidney complntnt and ■
remedies dyspepsia, constipation, liver trouble
and nervous prostration. Give it a systematic '•
trial. j
Morphine and Opium Habits. Painless
treatment. Sixth year; 1000 cured; low-
est prices; write to-day for full particu-
lars. Cut this out.
Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. 26_Page St.j S. F.
has adopted. It appears that Dr.
Miquel and Baron yon Hammerstein-
Loxten issued the decree without the
authority of the Prussian Cabinet or
the Bundesrath.
MEANS A TARIFF WAR.
Even the German Newspapers Bee-
ognize the Unfairness of the
Decree.
BERLIN, Feb. 4.— The Relchsanzei
ger this afternoon publishes the fol
lowing: The American Agricultural
Department's report on the San Juse
shield louse led to an official inquiry
here as to the circumstances under
which American fruits are imported.
Professor Frank, on January 29, found
on California pears arriving at Ham
burg: numerous living, breeding shield
lice, absolutely identical -with the San
Jose shield Hop. He consequently ex
pressed the opinion that the home fruit
cultivation was exposed to a grave ma
terial danger thereby. A conference
of the specialists and the report of the
Imperial Office of Health confirmed
this view in every particular. Thus
the necessity for prompt measures for
protection was fully demonstrated.
The lieichsanzeiger then describes
the extraordinary harmfulness of the
San Jose louse, according to publica
tions of the Washington Agricultural
Department, and the measures taken
in America, notably Oregon and Brit
ish Columbia, and continues: "It is
thus the unavoidable duty of the Gov
ernment to give efficacious protection
to the home fruit industry from the
danger of disease here."
The Reiehsanzeiger then gives the
regulations adopted, and concludes with
pointing out phyllaxera as an example
of the danger of not adopting immedi
ate protective meafeures, while the Col
orado bug, it is added, has been kept
out by timely precautions.
Under the heading, "Order, Counter
order, Disorder." the Tageblatt to-day
describes the bungling of Prussia with
American fruits, and asks: "Are we
really drifting into a fierce tariff war
with the United States because we have
petted the Agrarian desires?"
The Vorwaerta publishes an article
headed, "Agrarian Attack on America,"
detailing the stupidity which the dif
ferent revenue stations display in in
terpreting the prohibitory degree.
Other liberal newspapers make similar
comment.
The issuance of the decree was
brought about as follows: The Minister
of Agriculture, Baron yon Hammer
stein-Loxten, saw Dr. .Mlquel, the Min
ister of Finance and Vice-President of
the Ministry, January 30, and asked
that a decree be issued forthwith pro
hibiting absolutely the importation of
all American frult,*fresh and dried, and
all products of American nurseries. Dr.
Miquel telegraphed the order to all the
revenue stations, making it effective on
February 1. United States Embassador
Wite Immediately vigorously remon
strated with the Foreign Office by note
and verbally, and the decree was an
nulled temporarily February 2.
During the annullment the fruit was
released at Hamburg, Emmerich and
Dusseldorf. The fflecree was re-estab
lished February 3, in milder form, be
ing made enforcible against fresh
fruit only. Meanwhile Mr. White con
tinued making strong protest to Baron
yon Bulow, the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, who In consequence had a special
audience with the Emperor yesterday
morning on the subject, resulting in
the Bundesrath holding a meeting and
issuing yesterday's resolutions, the text
of which has not yet reached Mr.
White, but it is known that the word
ing is so loose as to be open to a score
of interpretations. It is generally sur
mised that it will practically mean
prohibition.
The official statement of the Reich
sanzeiger on the subject of the meas
ures taken to prevent the importation
of "affected" American fruit was com
municated to-night to the officials of
the United States embassy.
The Agrarian newspapers thank the
Government for the prohibition. The
Tageblatt asks why the importation of
healthy living plants is prohibited and
says: "Such extreme measures will
doubtless provoke retaliation."
Suit to Quiet Title.
BACRAMENTO. Feb. 4. — The State
Agricultural Soclett has commenced suit
against a large number of persons,
through Devlin & Devlin, Its attorneys,
to quiet title to Agricultural Park, and
asks that a commissioner be appointed
by the court to sell the property and de
posit in the State treasury the surplus,
after paying all indebtedness, for the pur
pose of purchasing other property more
suitable for its needs.
ADVERTISEMENTS. :-. r ; ..'-'- _______________
?*.*«*_ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦»»••♦»»♦♦♦♦♦» ♦
m m JK LUr6
\^^^^M^% Men Who Are Broken Down
I fm^mm' I in Nepves and Lacking
I 'Wff^^^W- Strength Can : Depend on
W^> , '•* mi *^ Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
bC V 'to Cure When Everything
m • ■&..■' Else Fails.
W ,**,'• wL When uour neighbor saus it cured him, when uou
m SI? M now that over 10,000 men have been restored hu it,
<&? llf a MUST have confidence in this wonderful Belt. If
if %3l W uou have failed" in other means that is no argument
sf M against it, for nine out of ten of its cures were made
m "^S m after all else had failed. It nours vitality into the
*W -;^§ '^f • nerves and muscles, restoring the wasted Dower, and it
18 I Stop Drugging and Try It
|$ sia? £» If Bouare weak and failing, try itto-dau, It costs less than
Wt jSa? ;m :• half the ordinary doctor Dill, and is ten times more effective, As
JSr Si? ;hE it saturates the weak parts its vitalizing power it checks all
W) 65 W drains upon sustem and firings the nerves up to a vigorous
«« SS 3& standard, It positively cures all weakness of men, nervousness,.
S ||m m- varicocele and kindred ailments.
mm Free Book, Three Classes of Men."
:^& , -m\/ This tells about it, and gives hundreds of grateful letters, If
*(fe "Mill vi o u are a weak man, read it, Sent free, sealed, on application, If
Wjk : ins-: "possible cali:and- examine the Belt and test It free, .-. '
Jm-, C^^v^> QANnp''N' FT TiTTRTP TO 630 Market St., Opposite
' '&t&Qs&&2fe^ ' OiilMVP^ JC«Jbr«Vlnlt/ t«U., .l.Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
Ip V^tsoSS^gfc-- O'liice hours, S a. "in": to Sp. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at Lob Angles. Cal..
ti AjPgScj*- '" ■ ' ; 204 South: Broadwa y; Portland,'* Or., 253 Washington Et; Denver, C 01. ,' 931 . Sixteenth ;,.
/^^^fb »t-i Dallas, Tex., 255 Main st.
. Afjr~ \f~ KOTE— Make no mistake in the number— 63o MARKET STREET.
iL. :■'-.:'■ . : ■ ■ ;»♦.♦♦,♦■♦*,* ** **,*!**'* *******.*-* ♦♦♦ ♦ * ♦ »'.'♦ ♦'♦»»♦."♦'♦ '• •'>.'.•.»>.'*.*■*.'♦'.*'*..*■"•"'•''*.*■*.♦
MURDER OF
STRIKERS AT
LATTIMER
Scarred Survivors in
Court at the
Trial.
Story of the Massacre Told
by Educators Who
Witnessed It.
An Assistant School Principal
Relates Fiendish Conduct
of Deputies.
NOBLE WORK OFA WOMAN
While Deputies Were Laughing
Among Their Victims Miss Coyle
Administered to the Wounded.
Special Dlspatoh to The Call.
"tt'IKESBARRE, Pa.. Feb. 4.— The
trial of Sheriff Martin and his deputies.
Jointly charged with the murder of the
striking miners at Lattimer on Sep
tember 10, was continued to-day.
The courtroom was crowded, not
withstanding Judge Woodward's order
that no one should be allowed to enter
after the seats had been filled. The
deputies seem to realize the position in
which they are placed and are paying
the closest attention to the testimony
of the commonwealth's witnesses.
These witnesses are brought into court
only as they are rexjuired to testify.
Many of them bring reminders of the
Lattimer shooting in the shape of
wounds in legs, arms, etc. One man
with eight buckshot wounds in the
back, who Is Just recovering sufficient
strength to enable him to move, was
present.
Charles Guscott, the Lattimer school
teacher, who told a thrilling story yes
terday afternoon, was recalled this
morning. He was chietfy occupied in
pointing out those of the deputies he
remembered having seen at Lattimer
Just previous to the shooting.
After this Guscott pointed out by
maps and photographs the scene of the
shooting; Just where the deputies stood,
where the strikers halted, where the
Sheriff met the strikers and where the
dead and wounded had fallen.
Miss Grace Coyle, Principal Scott's
assistant at the Lattimer school, proved
to be the most important witness of
the day. She said she was standing on
the porch of the schoolhouse and saw
the deputies line up along the roadside.
Then the strikers approached quietly
and orderly. The Sheriff stopped them
and some of them gathered around
him, but she did not see any of them
attack him. Some of them cried: "Go
ahead," and a few strikers pushed past
the Sheriff. At that moment a shot
was fired, then came another, and in
an instant the volley.
"I saw men fall," said Miss Coyle.
"Some of them ran toward the school
house, and when they had got half-way
they fell. I do not know whether they
were shot just before they fell or if
they were wounded by the volley and
ran so far before their strength failed
them. The shooting continued for
about two minutes, and after the first
volley it was scattered. I helped many
of the wounded strikers who fell near
the schoolhouse, and did nojt see any
weapons on any of them. While I was
helping them a deputy named Ross
laughed at me as he walked about
smoking a cigar. I said: 'You ought
to go to Cuba.'
STREETS OF
ROME FILL
OF TROOPS
Force to Keep Down
the Socialists and
Anarchists.
Italy Now on the Same
Plane as Troubled
France.
Bad Administrations That
Have Caused the Sad
Plight of the People.
REFORMS ARE DEMANDED.
Kii^i Humbert Is Yet Popular, but
the Government Must Reduce
Excessive Taxation.
Copyrighted 1898 by James Gordon Bennett.
ROME. Feb. 4.— With streets full of
troops, some marching and some posted
at strategic points in case of need, last
Sunday we might have thought our
selves under martial law. It was diffi
cult to avoid making comparison be
tween Paris and Rome in connection
with this display of soldiers and police
in the heart of two cities which were
so peaceable in appearance.
The reason was the same in each case
— fear of the socialist or anarchist par
ty taking advantage for the purpose of
attacking the Government — on one
hand because of the Dreyfus case, and
on the other hand of the high price of
bread. The analogy between the pres
ent political situation in the two Latin
countries is a curious one to study. In
Italy the question Is much more serious
than in France because it is impossible
for any one to deny it is in consequence
of a series of bad administrations that
life is rendered mure than difficult to
the smaller trades people and workmen
in towns of rural districts.
This is a black cloud on the horizon
full of ominous forebodings for the fu
ture. It is admitted by even the most
conservative Italians that it is neces
sary for the Government to find some
means of dealing with the present sit
uation without delay by successive re
duction of taxation. It is necessary to
find some means, not only of coming to
the relief of the poorer classes, but of
giving them some hope for the future.
It is the only way of preventing the
socialist party from holding demon
strations on every pretext and at any
moment. It is absolutely necessary
that the socialist sect should not find
a single rallying point amid the popu
lation which complains of frightful
misery, and which, consequently, it Is
all the more easy to exasperate.
Such is the present situation. The
danger is not immediate. The King is
liked and esteemed. The army is faith
ful and reliable. The weak Republican
party has no chiefs. The socialist
party has no means of succeeding by
force, but in spite of its fresh color the
fruit is touched by the cankerworm,
which is there, and which it is neces
sary to destroy before it is passed into
the interior, where it will do irrepar
able damage.
Found in a Florence Church.
FLORENCE, Feb. 4.— An almost perfect
fresco, painted by Domenico del Ghirlan
dajo, the Illustrious Florentine painter,
has been discovered in the church of San
Salvador d'Ognlssanti, in this city.
Among the figures Is a portrait of Amer
igo Vespucci.
34
DAY'S TALK IN CONGRESS.
DEFIES THE
LEGISLATURE
OF KENTUCKY
Senator Lindsay Says
That He Will Not
Resign.
Upholds His Course inVot
ing Against Free
Silver.
Although He Did Not Favor
Teller's Resolution, He Is
Yet a Democrat.
HIS VIEWS NOT CHANGED.
Stand* Just Where Ha Did Four
Years Aao Upon the Finan
cial Question.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
• Washington, Feb. 4. ;
Speaking" to a auestion of personal
privilege "in the Senate to-day Lind
say (D.) of " Kentucky commented
Sharply on the motives of the authors
and promoters of the resolution recent
ly passed by the Legislature demand-
Ing his resignation as Senator. Lind- >
say, after defining his position on the •
financial question, made it clear that
he was the representative of the whole
people of Kentucky, and not in any
sense the agent of the Kentucky Legis
lature. Above all he was, he said, a
Senator for the whole American peo
ple, and as such would perform his du
ties and cast his vote in accordance
with his convictions and with the dic
tates of his conscience.
No business of importance was trans
acted in the brief open session. After
the executive session of three hours
the Senate adjourned until Monday.
A bill providing for the erection of a
public building at Beaumont, Tex., at a
cost not to exceed $100,000 was passed.
Platt of New York offered a resolution,
which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, directing the Secretary
of War to return to the Seventh Regi
ment Artillery (formerly the One Hun
dred and Thirteenth New York Volun
teer Infantry) the flags of the regiment.
Lindsay then took the floor to speak on
the resolution of the Kentucky .Legisla- '
ture asking him to resign. He had the
resolution read at the clerk's desk, and
then said:
"While this professes to request my
resignation, It is couched in language
which disregards the ordinary ameni- ,
ties of life, and is, in effect, a demand
that 1 shall surrender my place in order
to create a vacancy and thus make room
here for some one holding political views
In harmony with the author and pro
moters of the resolutions. I desire to pro
test against this usurpation of ungranted
power, and I propose to give it a place on ;
the records of the Senate and to make
Euch comments as I deem necessary and
proper under the circumstances:
"It is to be observed that in the ar
raignment which precedes the resolution
there is no charge that I have ever dis
obeyed the expressed will of the people of
Kentucky; no intimation that I have ever
given a vote which did not reflect the
. views of the majority of my constituents;
that 1 have at any time failed to look
after their interests, have been wanting
In any duty owing to them or to the :
country; that I am now opposing legisla
tion which a majority of the people of j
Kentucky regard as essential to the pub- \
lie welfare, or that my personal conduct
at any time or in any respect has been I
to the slightest degree incompatible with
the high position of an American Senator. '
"The substance of the complaint Is that
I am opposed to the free and unlimited |
coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1, t
and that I opposed the election of the
nominees of the late Chicago convention,
and by so doing betrayed the trust re
posed in me by my constituency. My con
stituency is made up of the people of
Kentucky, and that people voted against
those nominees, and twelve out of thir
teen of the electoral votes of Kentucky
•were registered against them.".
The Senator reviewed his votes against
silver in the extra session of 1593, which ;
repealed the purchasing clause of the ,
Sherman law. and continued:
"In the discussion of the bill I declared
that I would vote for no amendment
which merely experimented with a change
of ratio, or that did not provide reason
able safeguards to insure the mainte
nance of the parity of gold and silver
dollars. Those votes and that declara
tion were known to all the intelligent
people of the State of Kentucky. In j
the month following the adjournment of |
this extra session the General Assem
bly, charged with the duty of selecting '
my successor, was chosen. " It convened
In January, ISS4. My name was the only
one presented to the Democratic caucus,
and when the election came to be held I
received the vote of every Democratic
member present.
"I stand to-day precisely where I stood
■when I received the unanimous Indorse
ment of the Democrats in Kentucky. If
those who were in accord with me four
years ago are not so to-day it is because
they have changed their opinions, while I
remained steadfast. I criticize no one
for changing his opinions, but I protest
against being denounced as a betrayer of
my trust, because my views remain an
changed.
"I deny the right of self-seeking polit
ical changelings, who were with me in
opposition to free silver when free coin
age was unpopular, and are against me
now when free coinage seems to meet
Democratic approval in Kentucky, to sit
In judgment on my Democracy, or to call
In question my fealty to the constituency
I represent. I will remind those who
voted for the resolution that I am not
the mere agent of the Kentucky Legis
lature. Ido not exercise my Senatorial
duties subject to legislation nor hold my
place at the legislative will. I represent
not merely a party or a faction, but all
the people of Kentucky. My term : of
service is fixed t,y the constitution of I
the United States. It cannot be abridged
by the action of the Kentucky Legisla
ture, and an attempt by certain mem
bers of that body to abridge it is the as
llnaiiteliili |i nliftlii "i Mil li liyMIIHw ■* JEM flu |il'n» *<imjiiiilii in'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Soap in stick form ;
convenience and econ-
omy in shaving. "A
balm for the skin."
sertion of a right which does not exist
and could not sxlst without imperiling
the Independence of this great branch of
the Federal Legislature. lam a Sen
ator from Kentucky, but I am also a
Senator of the United States.
'•In questions local to Kentucky I am
always ready to serve her interests to the
best of my ability, consistent with the
obligations of honesty and fair dealing.
When great public Interests, affecting
alike every portion of the Union, are to
be acted upon, they are to be considered
from the standpoint of the broadest pa
triotism, and this I propose to do, no
matter who may condemn my action or
who may approve it. There are occasions
when considerations of local: favor and
party discipline must, for the time, give
way, and If a Senator who acts upon that
principle is to be driven from his place
by his State Legislature whenever he may
contravene local sentiment or temporary
passion the dignity of the Senate will
soon be a thing of the past.
"A scrupulous regard for the division
of powers between the State and Federal
Governments, and the careful observance
of the boundary line which separates
those powers, is a cardinal doctrine of
Jeffersonlan Democracy; yet we have
here the spectacle of a controlling ma
jority of a State Legislature" boldly
overstepping that line of demarcation
and, in the name of the Democracy, de
manding that I shall surrender my com
mission, because, in their estimation. I
have ceased to be a Democrat. They
seem to be Ignorant of the underlying
principles of the historic Democratic par
ty or else regardless of their obligations
to observe those principles. Their right
to impeach my Democracy or to put me
upon the defense of my record as a
Democrat I utterly and absolutely repu
diate. This much I have thought it prop
er to say, and with these remarks I dis
miss the so-called legislative request for
my resignation."
At 12:25, on motion of Davis of Minne
sota, chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee, the Senate went into execu
tive session.
At 4:40 p. m. the Senate adjourned till
Monday. ___^__
IDA ROBINSON
IS NOW FREE
The Young Girl Granted Legal ;
Release From Her Foster
Parents.
Had Been Destined to Follow in the ■
Wanton Footsteps of Her
Sister. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I TACOMA, Feb. 4.— The hearing of ',
the petition for a writ of habeas cor- i
pus, filed by Hon. Jesse Ferguson, to ;
secure the release of Miss Ida Robin- I
son from the custody of her foster ;
parents, was conducted to-day in the
Superior Court at Olympia, Neither A.
J. Robinson nor his wife put in an ap- \
pearance, but the girl was subjected to
a critical examination on the witness
stand to ascertain the Justice of the !
application for her release from the ,
custody of her parents.
After a full Investigation Judge i
Hodgdcn granted the writ, releasing j
the girl, and according to her the priv- :
ilege of filing petition for the appoint- ■
ment of a guardian of her own selec- j
tion. Meantime she was given into j
the custody of Mr. and Mrs. Henry \
Eckert, prominent residents of Belmore.
that her desire to attena school might
I be gratified. \ •■■ .
The story recited by Miss Robinson
upon the witness stand was peculiarly
pathetic. She related that her foster
parents formerly resided in San Fran
cisco and that at that time her foster
sister, a daughter of Mrs. Robinson
by a former husband, was aa inmate of
a notorious house.
Ida was sent by her mother to that
house to visit her sister, and upon
entering she found her sister in the
companionship of two men, one of
whom was Marshall, whom her par
ents tried to compel Ida to marry early
this week. Shortly after her entrance
her sister and one of the men left the
room, leaving her alone with Marshall.
She effected her escape, but was taken
back to the house by her mother at dif
ferent times.
Later her foster parents moved to
Oakland. Her foster sister was wont
to visit the family there, being accom
panied on one of these visits by a
mulatto, who, she said, was not her
husband, though she claimed to have
been married four times. Miss Robin
son said that the notorious sister was
now in Seattle, and was destined for
Alaska with her parents, and that her
mother had told her (Ida) that she
wanted her to go to Dyea with them,
so that she might dance in the dance
houses.
After relating these circumstances.
Judge Hodgdon did not hesitate to
grant the writ as prayed for. It is
thought that the Robinson family has
abandoned the fight for the custody of
Ida. and that it will leave within a few
days for Alaska, Marshall is still in
jail at Olympia. being unable to give
bonds to keep the peace.
KMETZ TO WED
MRS. MALINAK
Betrothed to the Wife of the
Condemned Murderer of
Mrs. Kmetz.
Speclßi Dljpatrh to The Call.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4— The belief that
Michael Kmetz. who left Newark and
wont to Hungary several months ago,
had gone thither to wed Marie Mallnak,
wife of the man who murdered Mrs.
Kmetz last July, has been confirmed by
a letter received this week by Daniel
Zedlak. a Newark saloon keeper. The
latter is a cousin of Mrs. Malinak. Mali
na.k is now under sentence of death in
Newark. He was to have been hanged on
January 27. but his execution wa| stayed
by the taking of his case to the Court oi
Errors and Appeals.
• The Information contained in the letter
to Zedlak Is meager, but from a woman
I who ■ recently arrived j from Hungary and
who knows all the persons concerned he
has heard of the plans for the marriage
of Kmetz and Mrs. Mallnak. The latter
has requested him to assist her in obtain
ing a divorce. from her doomed husband
and ho will do what he can for her. ...
Kmetz, says Zedlak, is living in Hann
soozce. Hungary. About a month ago, on
Sunday, he went to Hethors, where Mrs.
Malinak lives. He met her as she came
out of church and, without much cere
! mony, showed 'her three children who
: were with him and told her that her hus
band had made them motherless by kill
ing his wife and that she must be a "moth
er to them. She hesitated only, a minute
1 and then agreed to do so, and the same
i day she returned with him to his native
Tillage and took up her abode in his little
cottage as housekeeper. They are to be
married as soon as Mrs. Mallnak', who
now uses her maiden name of Marie
Miko, can obtain legal release from Mali
! nak. ■.•■■■ ■iWß&S&iP&j&B&yf^ '■■"-- --• ■ :
When told the story in the County Jail
in Newark to-day Malinak was in no way
disturbed. -.* ,--..- - - ■■
"Let them marry if they want ' to. 1
don't, want" her any more, because she no
longer loves me."
* He wound up with a tirade against wo
rn** in ger.erai. ; v ............
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
PROTECTION
OF FEDERAL
INTERESTS
Sale of Railroads is
Again Before the ,
House.
Democrats Bring Up the
Question on the Kan
sas Pacific.
! Maguire Says the Law Requires
That the Government Collect
the Debt in Full.
•
PAY OR TAKE THE ROAD.
! Powers Explains That Additional
Legislation Is , Not Required to
■ Guide the Administration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Feb. 4.
This was private bill day In the
| House, but owing to systematic filibus
tering the private calendar containing
the bills reported by the Committee on
I Claims was not reached, the whole day
being consumed in passing eighteen of
the twenty-four private pension bills
; favorably acted upon by the" House at
i the session last Friday night. During
] the consideration of one of the bills an
: interesting discussion of the approach
' ing sale of the Kansas Pacific set for
February 17 was precipitated by Flem
ing (D.) of Georgia, who, with his Dem
) ocratic colleagues, desired legislation to
i require the President to bid the full
amount, debt, principal and interest.
Powers, chairman of the Pacific Rail
'■ road Committee, contended that the
1 real purpose of the , opposition was to
\ compel the Government to take the
road and operate it. He said he thought
| the administration which had secured
| every dollar owing from the Union Pa
■ cine could be safely trusted to protect
the Government's interest at the sale
of the Kansas Pacific,
: A bill was passed to amend the act of
: January 31, ISSS, granting the rights-of
i way through the public domain for tram
'\ ways, canals and reservoirs so as to grant
i those rights for cities and private cor
! porations. At present the rights-of-way
are given only for mining and Irrigation
purposes. . , k - • - ■ -
Fleming (D.> of Georgia, during the
consideration of one of the pension bills
| took advantage of the latitude allowed for
i debate to discuss the question of pro
; tecting, the Government's interest at the
I approaching sale of the Kansas Pacific
! Railroad. The claim of the Government,
he said, was over $13,000,000, and while
it was claimed that the road could be
i paralleled for $3,000,000, he said that the
| engineer who bunt the road, Senator Har
i ris of Kansas, estimated its value at from
< $25,000,000 to $30,000,000. The average earn
! ings of the road for the past ten years,
$1,255,675, were 4 per cent interest on $30,
'. 000.000. • ...
Shattuck (R.) of Ohio said while Sena-
J tor Harris might be a very competent
i c'.vil engineer, he knew no more about
; computing the earnings or value of a
j railroad than the portrait alongside of
: the Speaker's chair.
"Did you hear his speech on the Pa
cific railroads?" asked Shafroth (81L X.)
of Colorado.
"I read it," replied Shattuck. "and there
is nothing in it. It was wind, nothing
i more."
Fleming- said Senator Harris, by the
j facts he had furnished the Government,
had saved the treasury $27.0<Vi,Q00 on the
sale of the Union Pacific. "The press of
the country built a tire under the ad
ministration," said he, "and forced It to
I act."
Fleming said he had appealed to the
! Speaker and to Powers, the chairman of
I the Pacific Railroad Committee, to aid the
consideration of the measure reported by
the committee. "They were both cour
! teous." said Fleming, "but I failed to get
the Speaker to use his Influence with
f Powers, or Powers to use his influence
with the Speaker. On yesterday I tried
; to get recognition from the Speaker. To
day, when I did get recognition, it availed
; nouiing. because the chairman of the
committee. Powers, said he would ob
ject."
Continuing, Fleming said he did n<->t
! consider it commensurate with the dig
! nlty of the House to waive aside lndif
; ferent the millions Involved. If the sale
| took place and the Government only bid
the principal of the debt, the responsi
; bility would be on the majority. The
j only hope that remained, he said, lay in
1 the press. It could force the administra
• tion. aa it did in the case of the Union
i Pacific.
Masruire (D.I of California said the law
j required that the Government should col
lect the full amount of the debt or take
the road, and he believed the law should
be obeyed.
"In other words, you want Government
ownership of railroads 1 '" interposed Dal
zell (R.> of Pennsylvania.
"I want to collect the Government
debt." replied Maguire.
"We had better nave Government own
ership of railroads than railroad owner
ship of Government." cried Terry (D.) of
Arkansas.
Powers (R.l of Vermont, chairman of
the Pacific Railroad Committee, denied
j he had stated earlier in the day that the
; administration desired no further legisla
tion. He alleged that the whole purpose
! of those who were opposing the sale was
i the Government ownership and operation
of railroads.
"The gentleman has heard me to little
I purpose for the past five years." inter
i rupted Maguire. "If he Imagines I desire
Government operation of railroads. I am
in favor of the Government owning the
highways of commerce, but not of operat
ing trains any more than wagons."
"I am glad the gentleman has made
his proposition more ridiculous than I
I could." observed Powers.
Bailey (D.t 'of Texas objected to Pnw
] ers' statement of the position of the
i Democrats. He said it was not a ques
j tion of sacrificing the Government's debt
! or Government ownership, and operation
of railroads. "On this side." said he
; "we believe the Government can collect
the debt. and. as a prudent creditor, that
it should collect every dollar of it."
Continuing. Pcrwers said he did not be
. lieve the administration should be re
! quired to bid the full amount of the debt
j principal and interest. The officers of
j the Government had full knowledge and
; he was willing to trust the matter to the
I officials who had obtained every dollar
due from the Union Pacific.
At 5 p. m. the House tr.ok a recess tfll S
: o'clock, the evening session to be devoted
i to the consideration of private pension
bills.
SEVERE FIGHTING
WITH TRIBESMEN.
BOXXY.TTest Coast of Africa, Feb. 4.—
The Niger River expedition, which has
been operating in the interior against the
Ediba tribes, has seen some severe fight
ing. Captain Fenton has been killed and
Captain Middleton wounded. The enemy
sustained great loss.
LATEST JOB
TO MULCT
THE CITY.
New Plan of the Los
Angeles Water
Company.
Wants the Couneilmen to
Order a Reappraise
ment
Believes It Can Control Enough
Votes to Bring This
About.
PEOPLE SCENT DANGER.
Fear That the Company Wiil B»
Greaily Enriched if the Desl
la Put Through.
Special DispatcH to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 4.— lt Is now
definitely known that the water com
pany, with the aid of its newspaper
organs and campfollowers, will en
deavor to persuade the City Council to
make a reappraisement of the value of
the improvements the corporation has
made to the municipal distributing
plant. The latest job is to set an order
fur a reappraisement through the Coun
cil about the middle of April or the
first of May. The corporation will come
in with a pretended showing erf im
provementa made since the valuation
of the property made by Abs Hagen
and City Engineer Dockweiler. It will
claim that an absolute reappraisement
all the way through is what must be ;
had, and it seems to think that it will
be able to handle enough votes in the j
Council to obtain favorable action on
its request for a reappraisement.
It is programmed for the Times, at
the behest of the water company, to j
editorially favor the proposition for an
other set erf figures. Then the Herald
and Express are to fail in and agree
that the proposition is one which should '
be allowed. Here is where a job of j
mammoth proportions is to be put up. !
The great stumbling block now in cov
ering up any robbery of the people in
the purchase of the water plant im
provements is the estimate of their '■
value fixed by the City Engineer and j
Abs Hagen. That figure is $1,190,625. !
The justice and the equity of this ap- i
praisement have never been questioned
by any of the water company's news
papers or by the understrappers of tbe
corporation. It is admittedly correct.
Now, though, the water company pro- ;
poses to- sweep that estimate out of the
way and have a new one made, which
it expects will bring the figures up to
approximately $1,600,000. When this es
timate is ieported and turned in the
water company will agree to arbitrate
on the expectation that it can finally
get a figure of $2,000,000 allowed by the
board of arbitration.
This would be just $800,000 taken out
of the pockets of the people, for which
they would receive no reciprocal value.
Thirty days ago the water company
would not for a moment have consid
ered any figure under $3,000,000; but
The Call's exposure of the company's
plan to mulct the taxpayers has caused
a revision of the plans for the big grab,
and a consequent reduction of $1,000,000.
Thirty days more may cause another
fall of $500,000, for the syndicated press
Is of no further value in defending and
covering the tracks of the water com
pany conspirators.
The water company is making a
number of improvements that are not
necessary to the continued operation of
its system to the expiration of the
franchise. The expectation is that by
making these improvements another
valuation can be procured. However,
this scheme will probably fail— and it
certainly ought to. The people have
been given full inside information as to
the plan through The Call, and there is
to be such a general objection raised to
it that the Council will hardly dare
to order a reappraisement.
The Council is going to have trouble
with some local corporations other than
the water company in a very short
time. It has seemed as though these
local corporations for some time past
have looked upon the orders and direc
tions of the Council with contempt. If
they saw fit, the managers of the cor
porations complied with the instruc
tions and regulations, but if they did
not, they simply defied the Council.
This policy of arrogance on the part
of the monopolies has been made pos
sible by the subservient local press
which has smothered all complaint.
But now the Councilmen announce
that they are going to take a deter
mined stand, to the end the orders they
give the local corporations shall either
be obeyed or those corporations snail
go out of business.
In April last the Council fixed a con
duit district. Within this district, all
wires were to be placed underground
within one year. The telephone com
pany has its conduit system about
completed. The San Gabriel Power
Company is now putting In its system,
and the Edison Electric Company has
filed its plans for a complete system,
work upon which is to be commenced
at once. This leaves only the Los An
geles Lighting Company, which corpo
ration has not taken one single step
to comply with the ordinance. The
manager of the Los Angeles Lighting
Company will ask to have the time ex
tended for another year before his cor
poration is compelled to comply with
the municipal law. He has boasted
that he can secure any favor of the
Council he desires, and it remains to
be seen whether he will be able to get
special consideration as a reward for
contemptuous disregard of the Coun
cil's orders.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
IN A PUBLIC SCHOOL
A Lad Refuses to Study Physiology
as He Considers Investigation
of Anatomy Sacrilegious.
ELGIN. 111., Feb. 4.— A recent fine Im
pott-d upon a practitioner of the Chris
tian Science faith in Elgin serves only as
a stimulant to those of like belief. Even
the youth have caught the infection. A
lad who attends the High School refuses
to study physiology, as. being a Christian
Scientist, he considers the study of anat
omy sacrilegious. The teacher referred
the case to the superintendent, and the
superintendent to the School Board. It
■was referred back to the superintendent
to make such disposition of the case as
he sees fit. The matter Is under consid
eration. It has caused much discusion
here.
PECULIAR MANIA
ATTACKS A BOY
OF TENDER YEARS
A Knights Ferry Child Becomes
Insane and Acts Like a
Wild Animal.
STOCKTON, Feb. 4.— Sometimes snarling between his tightly,
clenched teeth, attacking every one around him at frequent intervals,
little Willie Willis, an extremely bright boy for his age, was last even
ing brought to this city and placed under the care of Dr. S. N. Cross
at the Commercial Hotel. His case— or, more particularly, the inci
dents preceding it— are most unusual. Dr. Cross says that his little
patient is suffering from acute mania, but it was thought at first by the
relatives of the boy that it was a manifestation of hydrophobia.
Little Willie Willis is- 9 years of age. His father ia Rev. Mr. Willis,
formerly of Point Arena, lately of Knights Ferry, but now occupy
in a pulpit in Colorado. His mother is dead, and Willie has been
under the care of his sister, Mrs. Samuel Hoppln of Knights Ferry-
His dementia was brought to a climax last night, when he exhib
ited the most peculiar symptoms, although he had been acting queerly
all day. In the morning he began to be nervous and would tolerate
no one near him. One time he saw the house cat running across the
floor and he took after the pussy like a flash, running on all fours. The
cat's hair bristled, as if a dog were after her, and she scurried out of
the room.
Three nights ago Willie was put to bed and his sister left the house
to go to a store near by. When she came back, the boy was not there.
A searching party was organized, and he was found some distance from
the house, mounted on a horse all saddled and bridled. He had gone to
the stable of the doctor next door, and, although only a weak little fel
low, had done w,hat he had never done before — saddled the animal. He
was riding away, they did not know where, when he was found.
The most peculiar incident of the malady, and the one to which
the superstitious inclinations of many clung, occurred a few days ago,
when Willie went out roaming over the hills with a dog. He was gone
a long time. When he came back, he said that he had been asleep and
was awakened by the dog licking his face. This is where the hydro
phobia notion gained credence. Night before last he was strapped to
his bed and yesterday morning the drive was made to Oakdale, and
the boy brought here on the train. He was afraid of everything he
saw, and particularly of the street cars, begging his brother-in-law,
Mr. Hoppin, not to let them kill him.
Dr. Cross says that the case is not a dangerous one, if attended
to, and that the child will soon be well again. While at Point Arena,
six years ago, the little fellow fell on his head, and it may be that the
mania is due to. that fall. »
DON CARLOS'
DAUGHTER FREE
Princess Elvira Legally
Separated From Count
Philip Folchi.
Sequel to Her Elopement From
Rome With an Ugly
Married Man.
Hypnotism Was Alleged as the Cause
of the Strange Conduct of the
Pretender's Child.
Copyrighted IS3S by James Gordon Bennett.
ROME, Feb. 4.— A bill of separation
has been granted severing the marital
relations of Count Philip Folchi and
Princess Elvira, daughter of Don Car
los, pretender to the Spanish throne.
By the terms of the separation Princess
Elvira receives 300 francs a month.
Donna Elvira Bourbon-Anjou, sec
ond daughter of Don Carlos, caused a
sensation in Europe in the middle of
November, 1596, when she eloped from
Rome, where she was visiting her sis
ter, Princess Massimo, with Count Fol
chi, an artist, who was described as
being a married man with a family.
Donna Elvira took with her her jew
elry, which was valued at $60,000, ac
cording to current report. Hypnotism
was alleged to be the cause of the
elopement, Folchi, it was added, being
penniless, ugly and crippled, as well as
a married man. It was at first sup
posed the couple were in hiding in Ber
lin, but the police of that city failed
to find them and expressed the belief
that they were somewhere in the south
of France.
The Princess is not a beautiful wo
man, but she is alleged to be high
strung, of an artless temperament,
which caused her to fall an easy victim
to Folchi's hypnotic powers.
About a month after the elopement
Donna Elvira is said to have addressed
a letter to her father from Barcelona,
imploring pardon, and declaring that
since his second marriage with the
Princess Berthe de Rohan, in 1594, her
home life had become intolerable. This
letter is described as having been a sort
erf answer to a communication which
Don Carlos addressed to his followers,
in which he informed them that his
daughter Elvira was "dead to him,"
and asking them to pray for "her mis
erable soul."
When Don Jaime, son of the pre
tender, heard of his sister's escapade,
he obtained a leave of absence, accord
ing to report, fro-m a Russian cavalry
regiment, the Twenty-fourth Regiment
of Russian Dragoons of Lubny, to
which he was attached, and went to
the Spanish frontier with the intention
of killing Folchi if the latter crossed
the frontier into France. The Arch
bishop of Barcelona, a stanch support
er of the pretender, realizing the in
jury which the affair might do the
cause of the legitimists, wrote to Don
Carlos and to Don Jaime, imploring
them not to commit any act which
would cloud their future prospects In
Spain, and there matters seem to have
rested until the announcement from
Rome to-day.
MAKING SOME VERY
ACCURATE SURVEYS.
No Time Lost by the United States
Nicaragua Canal Commission in
Its Important Work.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua. Feb. 4.— The
United States Canal Commission will
complete Its examination of the western
division, including Lake Nicaragua, and
westward to the Pacific on Monday
next. * The Commissioners are mapping
out accurate resurveys on the scale of
one Inch to 400 feet, with sections show
ing the geological formations. They have
examined the ground several hundred
feet deep by borings. The Commission
ers will travel on foot to Oehoa to the
Caribbean Sea at the rate of about three
miles a day. examining both sides of tho
route and wading twenty mites through
the swamp in the river delta. All the
members of the American party are In
good health.
The facsimile '^rgWT3T~ l» on every TO pp«
signature of y VL*//ffIMSGU of CASTORIA.
OPPOSITION TO
THE SCHEME
Plan to Construct and
Maintain a Big Dry
dock.
Offer of the International Com
pany Unfavorably Com
mented Upon.
Newport News Company Wants the
Government to Use tii« Struc
ture It Will Buiid.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— The Herald's
correspondent telegraphs from Wash
i lngton: Considerable opposition has de
i veloped to the proposition of the In
| ternational Drydock and Construction
| Company of New Tork to construct and
; maintain a steel floating drydock, to
be subsidized by the Government. The
House Naval Committee has received a
| letter from the Newport News Ship
| building and Drydock Company, re
! questing that it hear a report of that
1 firm on the subject of drydocks. Inci
| dentally that report will inform the
! committee of the disadvantages which
; the Newport News Company believes
i v.-ould result from the acceptance of the
plan proposed by the New York syn
i dicate. Those interested in Erie Basin
docks have also indicated to the com
mittee that they are opposed to the
scheme of the International Drydock
Company. Attention has been called to
the fact that the proposition submitted
by the company only permits the use
of floating decks for 100 days a year,
and also to the fact that the compa
ny's proposition contemplates an ex
penditure of $1,500,000 in the construc
tion of the dock, upon which the de
partment is required to pay 6 per cent
interest for twenty years, or in all a
total of $1,500,000.
Suggestions were made to the Navy
Department some two months ago by
the Newport News Company that it
was willing to construct a dock of the
largest capacity under Government su
pervision, beginning the work at once
and completing it in a year, providing
it could be assured of some agreement
for its use by the Government. The
company has already broken ground
for this dock. It will be 850 feet long t
100 feet wide and will accommodate the
largest vessel in the world.
It 13 understood that Secretary Long
is not wholly favorable to the plan of
the International Drydock and Con
struction Company, and 'will probably
make an adverse report to Congress on
the subject. There seems to be'a dispo
sitlon on the part of the sub-eommittoe
on appropriations of the House Naval
Committee to comply with some of the
department's recommendations in the
matter of authorizing the construction
of additional docks. I understand that
the sub-committee has agreed to appro
priate $1,000,000 f,T smokeless powde
and $97,000 for the erection of a srookel
less powder factory. The sub-commit
tee has also allowed $2,500,000 for re- •
pairs to vessels in commission and an
Increase of $25,000 for repairs in the •
steam engineering department.
TO THE RANK OF
AN EMBASSADOR.
Ethan Hitchcock, the Representative
of the United States in Bus-;
: sia. ■ Receives Promotion
WASHINGTON. Fob. 4.-The resident
to-day sent to the Senate the bum of
Ethan Hitchcock of Mtswurl. now Min
ister to Russia, to be Embassador Extra-
RuSta!* &nd ******* . ?^aipoteDtiary to
j}??i Pr^ sident . also made the followinc
additional nominations: " - luwin *
_PostmastGr»-.Aritona. John C Adara,
Phoon.x; OHlifornU. Eva A. A^;
j Mr. Hitchcock is muaed as : Etnhaas*
dor under th« law *uthori*tr.«r £?h^Sk
wh*rt» foreign conmrles naroo •
dors to the LnltM State*, Russia 1m«!
K.Nvn MMM that ;it ; has eor.r Uds
rank on Count Casslni, her diplomatic
representative in the United States.
CHILE WILL ACCEPT
PROPOSALS OF PERU.
Ready to Return Provinces Without
the Plebiscite Provided or Exact
ing a Stipulated Sum.
Copyright. £M by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO. Feb. 4.— Persons gener
ally well Informed have assured me that
the Chilean Government will accept the
proposals of Vice-President Biliinghurst of
Peru, who is now in Santiago negotiating
for a settlement of questions between
Peru and Chile arising out of the holding
of the provinces of Tacna and Arica. Ac
cording to my informant Chile is willing
to return the provinces to Peru without
the plebiscite provided in the treaty orex
acting the stipulated sum of 10.000,000 soles
giving Bolivia 3.000,000 soles for a strip of
land ending at Victor Cove.
OPERATED AS ONE ROAD.
The Lake Shore Is Merged Into the
New Yonc Central System.
NEW YORK, F*-b. 4. -Thus Lake Shore
to-day became the pfOpfty of the New
York Central and Hudson River Rail
road Company. The firi.il arrangements
for the transfer of tlw Lake Shore Bjrs
■f-m to the control of the Central were
made this morning when the directors
of the Central met here to consider the
proposition made some time ago for a
union of the two roads into one system,
to be operated hereafter as one roao,
stretching from New York to Chicago.
Nearly all of the directors were present
and those who could not be on hand sent
proxies favoring the purchase by the
f'entral of the Lake Shore road.
Great Petroleum Fire in Russia.
BAKU, Russian Caucasus. Feb. 4.— The
petroleum fire that broke out here last
week destroyed almost half a million
poods of naphtha. It is still burning
fiercely and many deaths are reported.
The Castine at Pernambuco.
BUENOS AYRES. Feb. 4.— Advices
. from the Herald's correspondent In Rio
Janeiro, Brazil, sta'e that the* L'Dltea
States runboat Castine has arrived at
Ptrnambuco en route to West Indies.
All gone, gloomy, melancholy, he Fits
■as you now sit. He sits in despair. H«
; broods and ponders over his misspent
early boyish life. Then he was the so-
cial fellow it his class; now he is the
, thing who lives in himself— brooding: al-
ways brooding. This is a true picture.
: Many men lead reckless lives, subject
j themselves to baneful practices, and
! gradually decline, or waste away until
I they become as the picture shows — half
, i man. The time to stop is at the start. .
! "When * you notice prematurity; when
! your nights are sleepless and you doze
; in the morning, wake, find yourself worse
, I off than before; when your back pains,
i your shoulders pain, your head swims,
i your knees knock, you are suffering from
j failing manhood. : - You should try to
'. ' stop this. If you use the great Hudyan
■ , treatment : you -will .live a . happy. - joyful ,
■ : life. Yes; you will be a "sturdy, vig-
i orous, manly man. The- Hudyan Remedy
treatment is a certain cure. < The doctors
■ : absolutely guarantee this. >"o one else
: has Hudyan. Hudyan cures . prematur-
; ity in twenty 'days. Hudyan CUBES
. Spermatorrhoea. Varicocele, Nervous De-
bility. Nervous Prostration. Drains, Pir-
n'• pies, Waste, Losses." Cures evil dreams.
. Cures evil nightmare. Hudyan is ob-
soiutely certain to cure you. *;- ■..
-♦-■♦■♦-♦--♦-♦♦-♦-♦♦♦-♦--♦■♦-♦-♦-♦--♦.
■* CIRCULARS FREE. +
! ♦ ■♦-■♦■■♦■♦♦♦■♦■■♦■■♦•-♦■■♦■-♦■♦-♦-♦-♦•■♦•
, Call to the doctors.
r<T\ w >r< Consultation.
CDCE Advice
rlt r F . First remedy, treat-
JL M.YMJMJ ment. diagnosis.
■ > ■>*>::-: No fees.
Circulars of Hudyan sent to any ad-
dress free.
HUDSON". MEDICAL, INSTITUTE,
Corner Market and Ellis streets.
BLOOD POISON can be cured in thirty
days. The thirty. -day cure is the sure
cure.
30-DAY CIRCULARS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
COR. MARKET AND ELLIS STS.
SKAGUAY
and DYEA
The Elegant Fast Steamer
HUMBOLDT
Will Sail en cr About
FEBRUARY 17th
For passage and freight, apply at once to
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.. Astt. SI day A. -
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PiLLS
_^"IV Orlc<Balma4 Oatr 6«asla«. A
>~j/?r\vV '■•■**• •!»«»» rrti»bi». - uoii* **k aT\
/I'^J^K. rror * " ■»<»**"•»•• »i«!wl» .'n J|\
V^ -Jop»m »^.KI »i A Mm iO4m*. Take
I*l 4"^ fVJJioorlicn ■■ -'m iii ■! MHiiu V
I / ~ : rt.Vlnil'Bl.W. AS I>r»ftlU*, CT tn4l«,
I W 7m 'V ra*i< *«■ p*ntc«]an. turliw li* »il
'. "** 0 "KAlef f»r ta*\t».'-mUtv~. >t t >>mt
--v ■ If ¥.■!!- •* •• >^t"-Tfl»iTHii. jr^.-.S?
nUHlil'JilMii:
HAVS^ YOU Sore Throau Pimple*. Gnppe> ■
Colored, Spots. Sor**. C&era B
I~H.WK yor Sor*Threa:. Piwp>>. Cop^t-B
, S a. Aeh«s. CM s I
t^Jfth t^" for P lOOl3 <T cure*. Capital S
l*W,a«. \\ orst cases cared la Uu»Si£sxs.H
IW-pajo boofc free. : ■
■rT^_ "^1 W * will K^'l ro-= » T.tc (5) <sv» tri»!
I ; 7?~T\*2, H CALTHOS fr^ <». *. «- «>■• »'
1 a JBE"^? Q ; *"^ «aarmaM« Ujat Cai-TBO8*i»
if.L. , B "Tor m k.rn<. «r. >-■•'-
■■ l TljflH • *" 4 !.«•« 7Vkr>r. *«•
■■ll^fll It co<«< too nothing to try_H.
I Yon M Oh I CO. 440 BSAiwHnt tyti.flntteMtl.ft.
Weak Men and Women
SHOVU) rSK IUMIANA nrrxEns, THH
- • eT**t M»xje*a . i;«;<\; rlvcs bealtlt »ad :
i •tprn«tb to tIM mxu&l -•.-*«.•.».STAMPEDE
TO OTHER
DIGGINGS
Exodus From Dawson
to the Stewart
River.
Belief That a New El
Dorado Awaits the
Miners.
Reports of Discoveries Proba
bly Responsible for the
Rush.
RICH DISTRICTS OPENED.
Creek In the Indian River District
"Whose Banks Are Seamed
With Cold.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
JUNEATJ, Alaska. Feb. 1 (by steam
ship City of Seattle to Victoria, Febru
ary 5). — A stampede from Dawson is
imminent. The news was brought out
by a party of about a dozen men which
reached Skaguay on January 28, sev
eral of whom reached here by a small
steamer on the evening of the same
day. Among them was George Mc-
Kenna of Douglas Island, who has
been in the Yukon for two years. He
also states that a number of very rich
new strikes have been made. This is
the very latest from the Klondike, as
four men in the party left Dawson as
lata as December 26.
A party of twenty-four men left
Dawson on December 19 for Stewart
River. They bought all tlja grub that
money would buy and left with five
months' provisioins. They intend to
prospect the Stewart River up its en
tlre course to and into the Rocky
Mountains. Gold has always been
f ■ und in the bars of the Yukon. For
y- ars the sand banks of the Stewart
have produced gold and in some places
there has been a rich yield to the pan.
Aa much of the gold in the Yukon
fame, doubtless, from the Klondike and
its unequalled rich tributaries — Bo
nanza, El Dorado, Hunker and other
creeks — it is argued that so, also, the
gold in the Stewart River bars may
come from the same situation and
from deposits equally as rich. The ob
ject of the expedition is to find these
rich placer deposits, and there is said
to be not a man among the number
who does not expect to be in at the
discovery and make locations on a
new Klondike of another name.
JlcKenna said the Stewart River was
being talked about more and more at
I>awson and was attracting a great
of attention. The fact is recog
rized now more forcibly than ever be-
>re that new territory will be found,
*nd in spite of a prediliction for Amer
ican territory there seems to be a
widespread "hunch" that the gold of
the new diggings will be found in Ca
nadian ground. He said he expected
to hear soon of a stampede from Daw
son to the Stewart River.
Of the crowd that started down the
river last summer and fall several
hundred went ui> Stewart River, so
that it is possible that information
of new discoveries may come down the
river from some of these men after the
clean up next spring if they have
made locations and are able to do any
development work during the winter.
Two new creeks have been discov
ered. One is in the Klondike district.
Here the ground shows forty cents to
the pan, with seven feet of pay dirt to
work. The richest creek is in the In
dian River district, in the same vicin
ity. Eghty cents a pan was found in
this dirt a few inches below the sur
face, with bedrock many feet below.
This is said to equal anything found at
first on Bonanza or El Dorado. There
was a stampede to the Indian River
district as soon as the discovery be
came known.
The first news of the wreck of the
steamers Corona and Coquitlam reach
ed Juneau in the morning, and Dyea
and Skagnay in the evening, of Janu
ary 29 by the steamer Noyo, which
brought up a few of the passengers.
The Corona was visible hard against
the shore, but Captain Pierce put out
in a small boat and told how it hap
pened.
The passengers, particularly those
f"> ho had to steal from their fellow
rassengers enough grub to live on
while ashore awaiting the coming of
relief, are divided in placing the blame
fur the disaster between the captain
and Pilot Coughlin. Many place the
biame on the captain, many on the
pilot.
"While the Al-Ki was taking off the
Inhabitants of the new town of Corona
ville in a stiff gale and lively sea. which
passengers were transferred to the Ore
gon a few hours later, as the Al-ki was
taking water from having gone
aground In Lynn Canal, as did also
the George W. Elder a day later, a pa
thetic incident occurred in sight of all.
Two women, one with a baby in
arms, and a number of men were left
on Lewis Island. The husband of the
latter took some personal effects, so
goes the story told by several of the
passengers, aboard, intending to go
back with the boat for his wife and
children. The gale stiffened and the
ship's boats were blown down the
beach a mile and a half.
Seeing It was not possible to make
a landing in such a wind and sea the
Al-Ki rhased it, picked up the boat
crew and the frantic husband and bore
away on her course for the gates of
the Golden Yukon, leaving the weeping
woman and the other woman and her
husband behind. The former disem
barked the next day at Fort Wrangel,
and is there awaiting by the next ship
north the arrival of his wife and child.
That ship will probably be the City of
Topeka.
The two hundred Corona passengers
transferred from the Al-Ki arrived
here on the Oregon January 30. As
many of them as had sufficient money
left bought another Klondike outfit in
night there were four ships in
the harbor at once. ! The Tees, the lat
est to arrive, brought the news that
only a small portion of the Corona was
to be seen when she passed her and
that the Corona seemed to be dropping
off the reef into deep water to her final
doom.
When last seen the wreck of the Co-
■ -
quitlam, -which, In some manner myste
rious to steamship men, owing to the
many rocks and reefs in that vicinity,
pot away in behind Mary Island, miles
out of her course, had almost entirely
disappeared. HAL HOFFMAN.
COMING WITH REINDEER.
Vessels Leave Sweden With Hun-
dreds of Animals for Alaska.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— A cable
gram received at the War Depart
ment from Dr. Jackson at Alta, Swe
den, announces that the Manito
ban, chartered by Lieutenant Devore
for the Government, had just sailed
from that port for New York with 530
reindeer and eighty-seven Laplanders
to care for the animals and drive
them on the Government relief expedi
tion when they arrive in Alaska. The
War Department is now making ar
rangements for the transportation of
the deer across the continent from
New York to Seattle.
In answer to inquiries that have
been made at the department's in
stance as to the possibility of finding in
Alaska the moss upon which the rein
deer feeds altogether in his native
country, the Bureau of Education has
submitted some correspondence its
agents have had on this subject. The
inquiry had' special reference to the
vicinity of the Chllkat region, and
samples of the Norwegian moss were
sent up there for identification. In re
sponse the Presbyterian missionary at
Haines, W. W. Ware, writes as fol
lows:
"The reindeer moss came by the last
mail and I have been asking a good
many natives and whites about it.
The net outcome is that there is very
little indeed along the coast, but fifty
miles over the Coast Range there is a
great abundance. Some say the whole
country is covered. I accept that state
ment with some reservation, but I
should Judge that there must be a great
deal."
U. G. Myers, an attache of the
Weather Bureau, left Washington to
day for a brief visit to his home. His
ultimate destination is the Klondike
region, whither ho will go under the
auspices of the chief of the Weather
Bureau to take observations in the
Yukon district, the Klondike region,
and, most likely, the Copper River lo
cality.
Mr. Myers will organize a party of
four, which will leave for Seattle in a
few days. From there they will go to
either Dyea or Skaguay and thence to
Klondike. The gentlemen who will
accompany Myers are A. S. Dunham
and A. G. Ward of New Haven, Conn.,
and H. C. Robinson of Los Angeles,
Cal. Robinson will join the other three
at Seattle.
It is believed the result of Myers"
observations will be to greatly aid the
Weather Bureau in its forecasting and
general work. The farthest north any
station is now located from which it
receives reports indirectly i^ Edmon
ton, in the British possessions. It is
not thought that the Canadian Gov
ernment will object in the least to the
observations being taken, £is they are
not official in a certain sense, but only
voluntary on Myers' part. He will
carry with him a letter fro-.n the vhief
of the Weather Bureau, explaining his
mission and containing fuil credentials.
CAPTAIN TYLER'S PROJECT.
Will Attempt to Take a Steamboat
Through White Horse Rapids.
STOCKTON, Feb. 4.— Captain Tyler, i
who has been a well-known steamboat
man on the San Joaquin River for
many years, and recently had command
of the Navigation Company's steam- [
ship Mary Garratt, resigned a few days
ago, and to-night started for the Yu
kon. He left here on the steamship for i
San Francisco this evening with a fifty- j
horse power engine, which he will pack ; i
over the pass at Chilcoot and use in a|<
sawmill which he will build at Lake !
Linderman to- get out the lumber for a ]
steamboat. He will run this boat down j
to Dawson, and declares that he will
run through White Horse Rapids if a
raft can be sent through there. Steam- !
: bo«at men say Captain Tyler can run a
boat anywhere where water can be :
'. found to float her. On arriving at Daw- '
son he will set up his sawmill again
and live in the boat. Six steamers are
being built here for the Yukon.
KENO GAMES MAYBE OPERATED
So Decides Superior Judge Lorigan
in a San Jose Case.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 4.— Hereafter keno
games will be allowed to run in this city.
This is made possible by a decision ren
dered by Judge Lorigan in the appeal
case of M. Tully, who was arrested and
fined $50 by Justice Gass for conducting
a keno game in Hlggins & McCray's sa
loon.
The court held that the city ordinance
did not particularly prohibit the playing
of keno. A city ordinance did. however,
prohibit gambling and by the same ordi
nance a number of games are enumerat
ed as gambling games. Keno is not in
cluded in the list. It follows then that
resort must be had to the State laws to
ascertain if keno is to lie considered a
gambling game. By its statutes it ap
pears that a number of games are stated
to be prohibited and such gambling
games in which a percentage is taken
out of the money. As it docs not appear
that keno is especially prohibited and
that it is not a percentage game it fol
lows that it is not unlawful.
The decision will be a welcome one to
the sports, and it is expected that inside
of a week keno will be running full blast.
RAILS ARE PURCHASED.
GREAT FALLS, Mont., Feb. 4.—Ne
gotiations were closed here to-day
whereby the Canadian Government
contractors for the new Klondike line
of railroad from Telegraph Creek to the
south end of Lake Teslin, purchased
from the Great Falls and Canada Rail
way eighty miles of narrow gauge rails,
fou» locomotives and a number of cars
to be used in the construction and op
eration of the new road. The work of
construction will be begun within ten
days, and the entire line completed by
June 1, at which time the Stickeen and
Teslin rivers will br open to naviga
tion and afford the shortest route for
reaching the Alaskan gold fields.
SMACKS OF INCENDIARISM.
SANTA MONICA, Feb. 4.— The build
; ing occupied by Charles Fanetti's saloon
' burned to the ground, together with a
| cottage near by. early this morning. The
i fire was a mysterious one, as the place
i is lighted by electricity, and there had
been no fires lighted during the evening
Fanetti was in San Diego at the time
but the fact that he had been cited to
appear next Monday before the Board of
City Trustees, to show cause why his
license should not be revoked for whole
saling liquor, and the additional fact that
a I'nited States Internal revenue officer
i has been here, trying to find him to in
j quire into the quality of certain wines
and brandies sold by him, has aroused
1 much unfavorable comment. The stock
* and fixtures were insured.
On the New Orleans Track.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 4.— Clear and
cold weather and a fast track were the
conditions of to-day.
Six furlongs, selling— Takanassee won,
Mazeppa second, Everest third. Time,
1:15%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Liewanna won
Brighton second, J!m Flood third. Time'
1:29.
Seven and a half furlongs— Celtic Bard
won, Robert Bonner second, Shuttlecock
third. Time, 1:36%.
Handicap, one mile and a sixteenth
Judge Steadman won, Lobengula second
Albert S third. Time, 1:49%.
Six furlongs, selling— Globe II won, R.
B. Sack second, Jim Lisle third. lime
l:l(iV 2 .
Six furlongs, selling— Bertha Nell won,
Banrica second, Gypceiver third. Time,
1:15.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
DELANY
UNDER VERY
HEAVY FIRE
Grand Jury Probing
the Public Pound
Scandal.
Witnesses Tell the Story
of How He Tried to
Secure a Loan.
Charles Bauer Suffered From
a Severe Attack of Lapse
of Memory.
YOUNG MITCHELL TALKS.
He Enlightens the Grand Jury Con
cerning the Way Boxing Per
mits Are Granted.
The charge made that Supervisor P.
M. Delany attempted to "shake down"
the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals for $500 before allowing
the society the privilege of managing
the public pound was partly investi
gated last night by the Grand Jury.
Several of the witnesses, whose testi
mony would tend to prove that Super
visor Delany had an ulterior and a cor
rupt motive when he asked E. L.. Wad
ham, one of the officers of the society,
if he knew any one who "had $500 to
loan," were examined, but the investi
gation was not concluded owing to the
absence of several material witnesses.
The matter of the Health and Police
Committee of the Supervisors attempt
ing to levy tribute from "Young Mitch
ell" before granting him a permit to
conduct a boxing contest was taken
up for consideration.
After "Young Mitchell" told the story
of how he had been asKHI lo do '•the
propei thing by the boys ' the hour
was late and the jury adjourned until
Monday night, when both of the cates
will be taken up again.
Charles Holbrook, secretary of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, was the first witness exam
ined relative to the charge that De
lany had attempted to extort $500 from
the society. Holbrook testified that he
had no knowledge of the money part of
the scandal other than what had been
told him by Wadham. He said that
Wadham informed him that Delany
had broached the matter of "a loan" in
the early part of November.
A few" days later Wadham again in
formed him that Delany had said if
"the loan" could be fixed there would
not be any difficulty in the way of the
society again securing control of the
public pound.
Holbrook then gave testimony con
cerning the fact that Delany had often
sent orders to him to' release impound
ed dogs that had been taken up because
their owners had allowed them to go at
large on the streets. These orders had
been ignored and as a result Hol
brook believed that the Health and
Police Committee, headed by Super
visor Delany, "felt sore" against the
society.
Holbrook said that he had a number
of orders sent by Delany that he re
fused to acknowledge and informed
the jury that he would produce them
at the next meeting, if so desired. He
added that they were all similar to the
fac-simile published in The Call a few
days ago.
Holbrook then added that Charles
Bauer, a director of the so
ciety, had informed him that Delany
told him that if the society "put up"
$500 the management of the pound
would be again placed under its con
trol. Delany had the conversation
with Bauer in a restaurant where
Bauer is employed.
Bauer followed Holbrook into the
juryroom as the next witness. He was
troubled with a lapse of memory. He
denied having had the conversation at
tributed to him by Holbrook.
"Is it not a fact that Supervisor De
lany owes you considerable money?"
was asked by one of the jurors.
"I decline to answer," was the re
ply.
Bauer was thereupon excused.
John Partridge, a director of the so
ciety, who was next called, testified
that Wadham had spoken to him in
November concerning the "loan" of
$500 suggested by Delany. Wadham
in addition told him that under favor
able circumstances there would not be
any trouble in the matter of the so
ciety securing the management of the
public pound.
E. L. Wadham was next called. He
was examined at length, and under
cross-examination did not vary in the
least from the story first told by him
and exclusively published in The Call
concerning the suggestion of Supervis
or Delany relative to "the $500 loan."
Wadham said in addition that he had
spoken of the "loan" matter to James
S. Hutchinson and A. H. Lissak, who
are directors of the society. They em
phatically refused to listen to any sug
gestion of that nature.
Samuel Seymour, another director of
the society, testified that Delany was
antagonistic to Charles Holbrook, sec
retary of the society.
The Investigation then concluded for
the night owing to the absence of Lls
sak, Hutchlnson. William Robleng,
John Walton and F. B. Gibson, who are
expected to prove that the committee
headed by Delany had been acting in
an antagonistic manner to the society.
The Jury then took up the investiga
tion of the charge that permits for
boxing contests can be secured from
the Supervisors on recommendation of
the sub-eommitte'e providing that there
is "something in sight."
John Herget, more popularly known
as "Young Mitchell," was the only wit
ness examined last tilght on that
branch of the Grand Jury's Investiga
tion. He repeated the story of how
he had been expected to put up $500
for the Walcott-Lavigne fight and be
cause of his refusal to do so had been
refused other permits.
Mitchell testified that it had been un
derstood when the former fights were
pulled off that there would be some
thing in it for the "boys," meaning the
Health and Police Committee, if there
was any profits to be divided.
"Were there any profits?" was asked
by one of the jurors.
"In the Walcott-Lavigne contest the
club cleared between $2000 and $2100,"
replied Mitchell, "and it was then that
the attempt was made to shake me
down. When I tried to get another per
mit I was informed that 1 had not been
acting 'on the square' and that about
$250 would be required to make the
thing a go. I was told to do business
with Ned Lanigan, and that spot cash
The fac-simile /-& vi/'^r'.'-'-'^'?*''' *■ on « VW 7 wrapper
. signature of i^u»/^X7^^4^ of CASTOKIA.
was necessary before a permit would
be granted me."
Mitchell, in conclusion, said that all
of the facts concerning the attempted
"shake down" were contained in the
affidavit made by him the day follow
ing the exclusive publication in The
Call of the attempted extortion.
When the jury was adjourning,
Mitchell was notified to be present next
Monday night, when the investigation
will be resumed.
LOOTED THE STORE AT NIGHT.
Edward Hill Is Arrested in Oakland
for Robbing a Grocer.
For some time the firm of Olsen Broth
ers, located on the corner of Park street
and Central avenue, Alameda, have been
missing money and goods from their
store. By keeping a strict watch on the
building they came to the conclusion that
the articles disappeared during the night.
They were troubled to account for this,
as the doors were always found locked in
the morning and there was not the least
Indication that any one entered the store.
The police were notified and a watch was
put on the place.
Last night Ofticer Kemp saw a young
boy, Edward Hill, residing at 2617 Cen
tral avenue, take some empty boxes from
the rear of the store. After the store had
been closed about an hour the officer,
who had secreted himself where he could
watch the place, saw HIIL go to the rear
door, unlock it quickly, dodging at the
same time Inside the building and relock
lng the door behind him. Kemp at once
went to the store, made the boy open the
door and placed him under arrest.
PROMISES FORGOTTEN.
The Merchant Supply Company Re
fuses to Redeem Its Coupons.
Many of the patrons of merchants,
members of the Merchants' Supply Com
pany, are clamoring to have the coupons
of the company redeemed, as agreed upon
In the contract made between the Mer
chants Supply Company and the par
ties who have by the payment of $5
become members thereof.
Coupons amounting to nearly $200 have
been presented at the business place of
the company, and the company flatly re
fused to redeem them, giving the holders
of coupons no satisfaction whatever.
The names of the parties presenting
coupons not redeemed are: A. F. Moore,
1509 Church street; A. P. Penebsky, 1526
Church street: Mrs. Charles Lyman, 327>/2
Twenty-seventh street, and H. D. Fan
ning, Twenty-seventh and Church streets.
These parties hold coupons received from
Thomas H. McGuire, grocer. Church and
Duncan streets; Mrs. William H. Swalve,
baker, 1508 Church street; J. P. Fanning,
butcher, corner Church and Twenty
seventh streets; G. Peirracinl, fruit
dealer, 1509 Church street.
SUDDEN SHOCK FOR
THE FIGEL JURY
It Will Remain In Custody Until
the Conclusion of the
Trial.
Excused Until Monday-Names of
Thoso Who Will Hear the
Important Case.
The Jury to try Theodore Figel for the
murder of Isaac Hoffman was completed
late yesterday afternoon. John F. Cline
and Frank Barris were selected out of a
special venire of thirty talesmen, and af
ter they had been sworn a shock in the
nature of an order from the court almost
caused a complete collapse in tha jury
box.
The jury was sworn and the informa
tion against the prisoner was read and
then Judge Cook, in a calm Voice, In
structed Ocar Tolle, clork of the court,
to select two Deputy Sheriffs to take
charge of the Jury and lock it up in some
hotel and keep it under constant surveil
lance until Theodore Figel had been ad
judged either guilty or innocent.
This action on the part of the court was
as unexpected as is nic "crack of doom, '
and for a few minutes counsel, jury and
accused were dumfounded. General
Barnes was the first to find his voice,
and he requested the court to set aside
the order, as it wouiu cause the jurymen
the greatest of inconvenience.
"Well," said his Honor, "owing to the
importance of this case and the notoriety
that will inevitably accompany it, and
having a desire in view of keeping tne
jury free from influences that might ex
ist outside the courtroom, 1 order that the
jury be locked up."
"This is a most unexpected -rnnosition
and 1 can conceive of nothing more crue!
than to deprive these men of an oppor
tunity to make arrangements for a
month's Imprisonment and get their busi
ness affairs in shape anil a chance to
bid their families good-by," General
Barnes protested.
"The Sheriff will see that the wants of
the jurymen are cared for. and on each
succeeding day the home of some one of
the jurors can be visited by the entire
body under guard of a Deputy Sheriff,"
added his Honor.
"If these men are not given an oppor
tunity to make arrangements for leav
ing home for an indefinite period, every
time a man wants a clean shirt his com
rades must accompany him to his home
to get one and stand around while he puts
it on," said General Barnes in conclu
sion.
At this point in the argument, Judge
Murphy, chief counsel for the prosecution,
arose and said that he had no objection
to the Jury being excused until a renewal
of proceedings Monday morning, and he
believed with General Barnes that the or
der of court would causo creat incon
venience. By this time tho jurymen were
bobbing up and down in the box In an
endeavor to get the ear of the court, and
finally Judge Cook. In the face o/ such
opposition, turned and asked the jury if
the carrying of the order into effect would
cause the inconvenience contemplated by
counsel.
Kvery Juryman In the box was sure
that It would, and the court withdrew
the order. "When you come to court
Monday morning," said Judge Cook,
"come prepared to remain in the custody
of the Sheriff until the conclusion of this
trial."
As one man the Jury thanked the court,
and after being admonished was excused.
The men who will hear the case against
FlgeV are: A. Paula, R. I.ewin, H. Harni3,
R. B.»West. E. F. Reinz, R. V. Crosky,
Henry Larsen. Walter Hinckley, Charles
Weiner, Donald McDonald, John F. Cline
and Frank Barris.
BROADWAY BREWERY LOSER.
William J. Rohrer, a bookkeeper for
the Broadway Brewery, has been miss
ing since last December and it is be
lieved that he is short in his accounts
to the extent of several thousand dol
lars. It is supposed that the missing
man is in hiding in the East, as rumors
have been circulated to that effect.
The missing man is the son of the
late Jacob Rohrer, of Adams & Rohrer,
proprietors of the Broadway Brewery,
and he was employed in the office of
that company for many years and was
trusted by all members of the firm. Fol
lowing the death of Jacob Rohrer an
adjustment of accounts was called for
and following that time the missing
man has not bene seen. It is on this
account that he is supposed to be short
in his accounts.
An Insane Student.
C. Dordano, a nephew of Francisco
Duenas, ex-President of Salvador, was
committed to Napa Insane Asylum yes
terday morning. Years ago the unfortu
nate young man left his home to enter
the ministry. He studied hnrd at St. Ig
natius and Santa Clara colleges, and a
short time ago concluded to take a trip
to Lourdcs. His mind became unbal
anced, however, and a few days ago he
was arrested in this city. He has since
refused to take food or drink, and has
passed his time in prayer. Should he re
cover he will be sent to his home.
VALUE OF
THE WATER
PLANTS
Trying to Determine
the Cost of Oak
land's Supply.
Officials of the Opposing
Companies Pledge
Friendship.
The Piedmont Plant Was Sold
for $4,000,000 in Stocks
', arid Bonds.
»
i
CONTRA COSTA VALUATION
»
: ; ;,; ' • "■' -j- '
Its Property Estimated to Be Worth
Over Three Million
•■'-■'■*:■■: Dollars.
1
OAKLAND, Feb. NL— The meeting of
the Water Committee of the City Coun
cil to-night brought out much that was
interesting. President Dingee of the
Oakland company and Secretary Wat
kinson of the 4 Contra Costa Company
sat side by side and smoked the pipe
of peace, that is, Mr. Dingee supplied
the cigars and Mr. Watkinson did half
the smoking.
The efforts to arrive at a valuation of
the plants of the companies were only
partially successful, but much interest
ing material was brought out. Mr. Din
gee was asked to tell of the value of
the Piedmont Company's plant before
it passed into the hands of the Oak
land Water Company.
"I cannot tell exactly," he replied,
"but I can look up the books and de
termine in a little time." • '
Further questioning brought out the
fact that the plant was sold to the
Oakland Water Company for $1,000,000
in bonds and $3,000,000 in stock. This
stock has never been on the market
and no market price can be quoted, be
ing held by Mr. Dingee and Mr. Hay
ward.
Mr. Henneberry asked: "Now. Mr.
Dingee, you are the father of the Pied
mont plant and know pretty well what
it cost, and I think you could tell me."
"I know what I paid the Piedmont
Company, and that company having
gone out of existence is not in evidence
now."
"But you know," said Mr. Cuvellier,
"that you were really the Piedmont
Company and you put your own price
on the plant and sold it yourself as the
Oakland Company, and you should be
able to tell just what it is worth and
not what you charged yourself for it."
To-morrow evening Mr. Dingee said
he would be present and bring data
asked for by Mr. Upton.
The examination of Mr. Watkinson
proved that in 1892 the Contra Costa
plant was worth $3,250,000. Since that
time its value has been increased
to $3,334,000, which is its value
to-day. Mr. Cuvellier asked if
the company did not write off annually
a certain percentage for depreciation,
and was surprised when told that such
was not the case.
The question of assessments was
brought up and Mr. Cuvellier said he
had figures from the County Assessor,
and found that last year the Contra
Costa Company paid taxes in the whole
county on but $944,477, which, if as
sessed for 60 per cent, would show a
value of $1,574,128, and that the Din
gee company paid on $486,158, which
should represent a total value of, $810,
263. Mr. Cuvellier asked if this agreed
with the stated value of their plants,
which are placed at about six and five
millions respectively, but the question
was passed.
Both companies' representaives stat
ed that had they not charged full rates
they would not have received 6 per
cent on their investment. The commit
tee will meet at 7 o'clock to-morrow
night.
It is probable that the committee will
recommend little changes in the rates.
They will certainly not raise them, al
though they will rearrange some parts
of the schedule. It is pretty certain
that they will take no notice of the
figures of the Oakland "Water Company,
because it is a complete plant in the
sense that it is not in all quarters of
the city, and that it could not, there
fore, of itself, supply the city at this
time.
This will leave the committee to fig
ure on the plant of the Contra Costa
Company alone. This plant, according
to figures agreed on by its officers in
1892. is now worth $3,334,600, and its
operating expenses last year were $51,
039. Six per cent on the value of the
plant is $200,076, and added to the oper
ating expenses amounts to $251,105.
The total amount paid in water rates
last year was $264,000, and the repre
sentatives of both companies stated to
night that they charged about two
thirds of what the schedule permitted.
This means that $352,000 more
would have been collected if
the companies . had not cut rates,
and thus represents nearly 8 per
cent on the value of the Contra Costa
plant. It is well known that the com
panies have not collected much more
than half the full rate, and this shows
that the present schedule is perhaps
too liberal and may require pruning.
Attorney-General Convalescent.
Attorney-General W. F. Fitzgerald.who
has been confined to his room for the
past week suffering from a very bad cold,
is now convalescent and may be expected
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ICIEFITS
. When I say I cure Ido not mean merely to
: stop them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made
•the disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING
; SICKNESS a life-long study. I warrant my ■
remedy to cure the worst cases. Because
; others have failed is no reason for not now
receiving a cure. ; Send at once for a treatise
and a ; Free '. Bottle of my infallible remedy.
Give Express and Post Office address.
■ Prof. W. H. PEEKE, F. D. '
4 Cedar St.. New York.
DR.MCNULTY.
n^HrS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLti"
-X Spe»-iall»tcwMPrlvate,Nervous,ls;oorta!id Skin
I Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over I
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. ; Terms reasonable. I Hour*. 9 to 3
<lally;6:3otoB.3oev 1 KV, Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
(lon free and sacredly confidential. v Cull or address I
;• '- ; rZti P.BOSCOE Moxtri/rT, M. ».,
;WH Htainr Street. Baa Wrmmmimmn CjU.
in his office next week. Judge Fitzgerald
suffered considerably from the trying
climate of Washington during the time
he was there attending to the Durrant
and other cases requiring his attention,
in which the several unhung murderers
now in San Quentin sought to escape the
hangman. Judge Fitzgerald on his re
turn to this city was completely worn out
and was forced to remain indoors under
medical treatment.
HIS LIFE'S JOURNEY'S END
John W. Brocas, a Highly Respected
Old Pioneer, Finds Rest at
Laurel Hill.
John "W. Brocas, who died at the Com
mercial Hotel last Wednesday evening
after a week's illness, was buried in
Laurel Hill Cemetery yesterday after
noon, the funeral being held at the un
dertaking parlors of Porter & White. The
deceased, who was a native of Ohio and
75 years of age, was one of the best
known and most highly respected men
known in the commission business of this
city. He came to San Francisco in 1852
and resided here most of the time since.
He was for sevecal years in the postofflce
and later he engaged in the commission
business, in which he was quite success
ful fdr a number of years. Reverses
came in time and he discontinued opera
tions on his own account and entered the
employ of Allison & Gray, whom he faith
fully served for fifteen years. For a year
prior to his death he had again been ope
rating for himself, in connection with H.
H. Heckmann. The great esteem In
which the deceased was held was attest
ed by« the large attendance at the fun
eral, almost all the prominent commis
sion houses being represented among
those who had come to pay the last sad
tribute to a man whose life had been
an example Af strict business honor and
personal integrity.
Mr. Brocas left two sons, Harry A. and
Charles L. Brocas. His wife died five
years ago, and by her side he was laid
for the sleep which ends all earthly trou
ble.
REVERSED HIMSELF.
Judge de Haven Performed the Act
Within Twenty-Four Hours With
Grace and Dignity.
It is not often that a Judge reverses
his own ruling, and when he does so
lengthy explanations usually accompany
the distressing act. But United States
District Judge de Haven reversed himself
yesterday without any apologies, simply
as a matter of right and justice. He had
made a mistake the day before when he
admitted Charles F. Kendall to citizen
ship, and he revoked his act as soon as
he had become aware of his error.
Kendall is a native of Canada, 51 years
old. He enlisted in the United States
navy in IS6I and was discharged In 1864.
This fact was proved by the presentation
of the discharge. Kendall also set up
that he was naturalized in a New York
court in 1868; that the court was abol
ished, and that the records were lost.
Judge de Haven admitted Kendall \p
citizenship, the court at the time being
under the impression that three years'
service in the United States navy would
entitle Kendall to naturalization. After the
adjournment of court on Thursday the
Judge looked into the law of the matter
a little more closely and found that five
years' service was required. Accordingly
he had Kendall brought before him yes
terday and revoked the order of naturali
zation made on the day before.
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE.
Meets and Adopts Resolutions Con-
demning the Civil Service Law.
The Continental League held a lively
meeting at Saratoga Hall Wednesday
evening, with President Frank D. Worth
in the chaair.
The report of the financial secretary
showed the league to be in a flourishing
condition, and steps were taken to clear
off all its indebtedness.
Action on the question of taking part in
the celebration on Washington's Birth
day was postponed, although the senti
ment of the members was strongly in
favor of turning out on that day.
A committee was appointed to make ar
rangements for an open meeting to be
held some time in the near future, at
which it is intended to have several prom
inent speakers address the club on the
vital qestions of the day.
The political situation was ably dis
cussed by H. C. Firebaugh, Dorson Nich
ols. Hamilton J. Riggins. and others, and
great interest was exhibited in the dis
cussion.
The following resolutions were Intro
duced by Mr. Nichols, and adopted by a
majority vote:
"Whereas, That legislative monstrosity
known as the civil service law is now
in full force, therefore, be it
"Resolved, That we, the members of the
Continental League, regarding said la,w
as a serious menace to the future success
of the Republican party, do hereby de
clare it to be our intention to refuse our
support to all legislative candidates,
either national, State or municipal, who
are known or believed to be in favor of
said law in its present form.
"Resolved further. That the thanks of
the League are hereby extended to Hon.
C. H. Grosvenor of Ohio and his co
workers for their efforts toward a modi
fication of said law.
"Resolved, That a copy of these resolu
tions be forwarded to Senator Perkins.
Congressman Loud and C. H. Grosvenor.
\A/) n| / /^?
r i// \\ / - a
It's no use; I've tried dozens of places and it's simply impossible
'to get good tobacco for five cents." - .- . -
u " Good cigars, you mean. If you'd invest your nickel in Piper
Heidsieck you'd get the best piece of tobacco you ever put between
', your teeth. . : ■'■;:; ] ■ ■'. ' '■■ . ■ :- :; .'- " - ■ " ;' . ■ -'W^."
Judges of good tobacco everywhere are unanimous in
their praise of
PIPER HEIDSIECKScco
' (CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR)
It is not only the best chewing tobacco on the market,
but since the recent increase in size (making the new plug
': nearly half as large again as the old) it ; is; positively. the
1 biggest piece of good tobacco ever sold for five cents. -
Sealed by the United
States Government
and guaranteed pure.
It must reach the
consumer in this
same package.
P SPIKING PFjii!| ;
l^^^i ||
[ jflj .■ ■ INCORPORATED. ijl II ! Itl fij -
|FDlSTlLd|i I
Look for Govern-
ment guarantee
stamp over cork.
Substitution Impossible.
SHERIA/OOD
" . ' , — AND—
SHERWOOD.
A NOTICE.
To close out an estate I am authorized to Bell
ONE THOUSAND (1000) SHARES or the MER-
CUR GOLD MINING AND MILLING COM-
PANY. ■ ' • ■ ■ ■ •
SAL. LAKE CITY, UTAH,
which is paying regular monthly dividends, at
| the rate of eighteen (IS) cents per share.
Bids for ail or part will be received by '
•;-.-■: JOHN P. FRASER, •
308 Stockton St. bet. Sutter and Pent.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS— RE-
modeled and renovated. . KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 50day.
$5 to $B, week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
; every room; elevator runs all night.
56
SATURDAY ...FEBRUARY 5, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts- S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY^ Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year, per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by roall. $1-50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Buildinft
WASHINGTON <D. C. OFFICE R«fift« House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street. «orner Clay
cpen untli 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
£:30 o'clock- 621 MoAillster street: open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lorkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock
£W. corner Sixteenth end Mission streets: open until
i o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
!C6 Eleventh st.: open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
end Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Girl from Parts."
California Theater— Blaci Paul's Troubadours, Sunday nig lit
Alcazar— "Victor Durand. '
Jlorosco'a— 'Down In Dixie."
Tivoll— "The Pearl of Pekin."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co., Sunday night.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlquita and Vaucievllle-
Mechanica r Pavilion— Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Lybeck Cycle- Skating Kink— Optical Illusions.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, lagleside Racetrack-Races to-day.
Coursing— lnpleside Coursing Park, this afternoon.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. ButterfieM— This day, February 6, Turkish
Rugs, at 110 >utter street, at 2 anil S P. M.
A BONANZA FOR CALIFORNIA.
AMONG the local items of Santa Clara County
noted in the last issue of the Mountain View
Register is one to the effect that driers are
being rushed night and day trying to fill orders for
evaporated vegetables. At one of these driers some
thing like 200 tons of green onions have been worked
vp, and the Register adds: 'The price has steadily
risen all the fall and winter, and they are now worth
$2 25 a hundred and are scarce."
The item itself is of little moment but its signifi
cance is of far-reaching importance. It is a straw
showing the way the commercial wind blows for the
rural industries of the State. The Alaskan demand
for dried vegetables has created something like a
boom for the vegetable grower, and a new avenue
for profit has been opened for the California farmer
if he chooses to take advantage of it.
The Klondike rush is in fact a bonanza for Cali
fornia, and particularly so for the producer of fruit
and vegetables. This fact should not be overlooked
in the excitement of the time. The man who re
mains in California and raises vegetables for the
Alaskan trade will have surer profits than the man
who goes north to seek nuggets of gold in the Yukon
Valley. The gold-seeker has big chances in one re
spect, but very small chances in another, while the
cultivator of the soil of California has about as sure
a thing as any human industry can be.
Many a man in California is now outfitting for the
Klondike who could do much better by staying at
home. In the crowded East, where thousands of men
arc barely earning a living, where the soil is not fer
tile and the climate in its swift changes from summer
heats to winter blizzards is almost as bad for the
poor as the climate of Alaska itself, there is some
reason for the rush to the gold fields, but -these rea
sons can apply to but few people in California. In
dustry can earn a living here and a competence for
old age without taking desperate chances. When the
prices for vegetables are rising and driers running
night and day to fill orders, California has her share
of the Klondike bonanza at home without having to
go to the frozen north to hunt for it.
BALBOA BOULEVARD.
IT is to be regretted that there have arisen compli- !
cations which threaten to interfere with the early i
extension of Balboa boulevard to the county i
line. The proposed work is one of the most impor- ;
tant municipal enterprises now before the people, and j
anything which tends to postpone or delay it is a ]
public evil of no small magnitude.
The threatened delay at this time is the more irri
tating because San Mateo County has now under
consideration a well devised scheme for highway im
provement which includes a grand boulevard through
the county from the line of San Francisco to that of J
Santa Clara. An election on the question of voting
bonds for the purpose of providing these improve
ments is soon to be submitted to the voters of San j
Mateo, and the prospects of a favorable vote would j
be greatly increased if the San Mateo people were ;
assured that San Francisco would do her share to I
complete the boulevard and make it a great thor
oughfare, placing all the towns of San Mateo in easy
communication with the metropolis.
As the matter stands there is a part of the boule- j
yard, as originally designed, still incomplete, which
the city must construct within four years to make
good the right of way granted by ex-Mayor Sutro.
For this part of the line the city has a right of way
given by the Spring Valley Water Company. The
controversy arises over the means of providing for
the cost of the work on this portion of the road.
The water company is unwilling to pay for the
road work. To create a road district for the purpose
would compel Sutro to pay taxes on his land in the
district, and his deed of gift of right ot' way expressly
provides that he shall not be assessed for grading
and macadamizing the road. The city must of course
keep faith with Sutro, and that necessity blocks any
proposition to create the proposed road district.
There seems to be no way out of the dilemma but
for the city to defray the cost, and as the boulevard
when completely opened will be of general benefit,
the city might well afford to do that. It is under
stood that if the city will provide for the construc
tion of the road the water company will give a right
of way to the county line through Lake Merced
Ranch, thus enabling the San Francisco boulevard to
be connected with that of San Mateo. This being so
there should be little hesitation in adopting some
plan of action which will permit a speedy prosecution
of the enterprise. As the mailer stands the city has
an assurance of getting the right of way for nothing,
while if the project is postponed indefinitely it may
be necessary hereafter to condemn a right of way and
pay for it.
Suggestion has been made that the importation of
German wines be stopped. Good idea, California.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
IS IT DOLE'S HAND?
WE have had 'no doubt from the beginning of
the intention of the Hawaiian planters to force
a permanent advantage in our sugar market,
securing for all time our protection of $19 per ton
on sugar in lieu of their present free entry given by
the reciprocity treaty, and at the same time to se
cure as permanently the enjoyment of cheap Asiatic
labor for their plantations.
To do this it was necessary for them to escape the
operation of our labor laws. To do this by indirec
tion was too risky. It might be done for a few years,
but doing it would rouse the same spirit that went
like a moral conflagration through this country
against the inequalities produced by our own system
of slavery. Therefore it became necessary to pro
tect their cheap labor by a prior agreement interna
tional in its character. With such an agreement in
force any change raises international questions of
such portent as to protect the planters indefinitely.
It appears by the latest news from Washington that
this plan has been adopted. It was undoubtedly the
real object of Dole's visit. It became necessary for
him and our State Department and the Japanese
Minister to confer together, and that conference has
attained the object and is cloaked behind the osten-
tatious announcement that Japan has withdrawn all
objections to annexation.
If we are in the right in annexation, if it be in ac
cord with our principles of government and in line
with our natftmal policy, if it be in the interest of
American farmers and of white labor, if it be square
with the principles of international morality, the as
sent of Japan would not be necessary- Her objec
tions would not be worthy of consideration and her
opposition would excite derision rather than appre
hension. There would be no need to negotiate for
withdrawal of her objections, and no sinister purpose
would need ambushing behind her attitude. The re
ported outcome suggests the suspicion that there has
been all the time an understanding between Dole and
Japan, or that that wily oligarch has been astutely
playing Japan and the United States against each
other for the purpose of this outcome, which he
seems to have secured.
It makes the situation still more grave for Ameri
can labor and for the American farmer. Just how
much can those classes in California stand? With
Germany shutting out our fruit by subterfuge, and
the cheap labor of the island plantations competing
our sugar beet industry out of existence, the future is
not rosy.
The producers of this State should renew and re
slate their opposition to annexation. Every influence
possible is being brought to bear in its favor at
Washington. So far the rank 3of the successful oppo
sition stand unbroken, but their purpose may be
strengthened by the people here. The whole coun
try* looks naturally to California in this matter. The
farmers of the United States, who are massed around
the definite purpose of taking for themselves the do
mestic sugar market of $100,000,000 a year, need the
support of the pioneers of American beet sugar in
California. In like manner the white labor of the
whole country looks to this State, as it always has,
for leadership against Asiatic invasion of the labor
field.
It is not sufficient to have spoken once. As the
phases of the issue change at Washington the voice
of California should be heard again.
EXPOSITION WORK-
IN the matter of expositions San Francisco is hav
ing an experience of the old adage, "It never
rains but it pours." We have a mining expo
sition of our own open and running with great suc
cess, and now in addition come two other projects of
a similar character — one to provide from the exhibits
at the fair a permanent mining display at the Golden
Gate Park Museum, and the other to prepare a com
plete exposition of the industries of the State for the
Omaha exposition.
Each of these enterprises merits consideration, ap
proval and support; but no one of them is sufficient
to overshadow the others. We must promote and
advance our own fair by a liberal and generous
patronage, but we should not neglect for that reason
the claims of the proposed permanent display at the
Park Museum, nor those of the coming exposition at
Omaha.
The mining fair will do much to make known the
mineral resources of California and the advantages of
San Francisco as an outfitting point for the Alaskan
trade. It is, however, of a temporary nature and is
largely local in its influence. Though widely adver
tised, it will be seen by comparatively few of the
thousands of people in the East who are more or less
interested in the Klondike gold excitement, in gold
mining investments generally, or who are thinking
of making homes for themselves in portions of the
United States where the climate is more pleasant and
the soil more fruitful than in the places where they
now reside.
A mining exhibit at the Park Museum would not
be temporary, but permanent. A display at Omaha
would not be local, but would be seen by great
throngs of people from all parts of the East. The
benefits to be derived from providing the two ex
hibits .are therefore too apparent to need elaboration.
Both projects should be cordially supported. Let us
have a comprehensive mining display at the Park
Museum by all means, and also a display at Omaha
which will demonstrate the thousand advantages Cal
ifornia and San Francisco offer to all enterprising
men, whether they intend to undertake the hazardous
exploration of the gold districts of the north or de
sire to do business and make homes in a locality of
genial sunshine, cultured people and assured pros
perity.
A woman who can go into insolvency with liabili
ties of $10,000 and assets of $25 need not fear but she
will be recognized as a financier of ability. Yet she
can but feel a pang of jealousy in noting that a Mar
tinez man is $80,000 in the hole and hasn't a cent.
Shells tested here by army officers are found to
be defective. The company which furnished the
shells is known. There seems no difficulty in reach
ing a conclusion as to what should be done.
Parents whose boys are betting regularly on the
races instead of attending to study have an oppor
tunity to do something. Why not cause the arrest
of the pool-sellers?
Prince George as Governor of Crete may do very
well, with Russia's backing, and yet he will probably
expend much time in looking around for something
from which to retreat.
Compliments to Joe Rosenberg, bookmaker, and
when the gentleman again desires to cheat his
patrons, will he please apply to some other paper to
help him?
For the time he has been at it General Blanco has
managed to achieve as picturesque a failure as could
have been expected.
AN EXPLANATION WANTED.
/^"N RDINARILY The Call is disposed to allow
I ) attorneys the utmost latitude in the practice
of their profession. An attorney is employed
to take the place of a person who has invoked the
law for the ascertainment of some right or the re
dress of some grievance. He is a proxy and what he
says and does he says and does to promote the cause
of his client. His oath requires him to bring only
such actions as appear to him legal and just, to util
ize only the truth in his work, to maintain inviolate
the confidence and, at every peril to himself, preserve
the secrets of his client, and never to reject, for any
consideration personal to himself, the cause of the
defenseless or the oppressed. Most respectable at
torneys keep this oath in mind and many of them
make it the basis of a legal code of morals which
safely protects them from the temptations of a trying
and distracting business.
OA-ing to the fact that attorneys act in a represen
tative character and usually speak other thoughts and
sentiments than their own, we are disposed to be very
lenient with them. What they do they are employed
and paid to do, and if there is any wrath to be visited
upon the cause which they advocate it seems to us
that it should relate back to the promoter of the cause
and not fall upon the attorney who is employed by
that promoter. We, therefore, believe that in the in
junction proceedings brought by the Paramne Paint
Company against the Harbor Commissioners, now
on trial in Judge Belcher's court, the attention of the
public should be directed to the principals and not to
the attorneys. Perhaps the lapses of memory, the
vanishing books, the absent defendants and wit
nesses and the general air of mystery with which the
contracts between the Harbor Commission and the
Dtindon-Slade syndicate are invested, may be the in
ventions of the attorneys. But if they are we should
reflect that the attorneys are hired to fight each other
and on that ground are excusable.
But there is one attorney in this litigation who
should be made an exception to the rules we have
laid down. It is unprofessional for lawyers to ap
pear on both sides of the same case. When an at
torney does that it is a ground of disbarment, and
even by lawyers who make a practice of selling out
their clients and betraying the law the offense is re
garded as highly penal.
Among the attorneys who are acting in the Par
affine Paint Company's injunction case there is one
who owes an explanation to the public. He is now
one of the attorneys for the Harbor Commission.
The evidence shows that he has been previously, if
he is not now, the legal representative of one of the
corporations which is accused of enjoying the favor
of the board. There is here a plain conflict of in
terest. It is necessary in defense of the Harbor Com
mission that the truth regarding its transactions with
the Dundon-Slade syndicate should come out. How
can the truth come out while the commission's at
torney continues to be interested in the welfare of
the syndicate?
We do not suggest that this attorney* should ex
plain, because he is a reform Senator in the Legisla
ture from Alameda County. We merely suggest that
the only way he can make his position in the litiga
tion more suspicious would be to turn up as the at
torney for the Paraffine Paint Company in some
other case. Then he would be familiar with all the
phases of the litigation and be able to speak with the
voices of all the litigants. We do not intend to in
timate that the gentleman's connection with the Har
bor Commission and the Duniion-Slade syndicfate is
in any way dishonorable, for it appears that at the
present, at least, their interests are the same. If
this is the fact it might be interesting for the reform
Senator to explain why their interests are the same.
FLOUR ADULTERATIONS.
AN effort now being made to procure Congres
sional action to prevent the sale of adulterated
flour as the pure article is receiving consider
able attention in the East and should have cordial
support from California and her delegation in Con
gress. The movement is in the direction of procuring
laws which will check food adulterations of all kinds,
and no State in the Union is more interested in the
enactment of such statutes than ours.
The extent to which adulteration is practiced in
the flour trade is much greater than is generally sup
posed. The St. Paul Pioneer Press states that the
practice threatens the important milling interests of
Minnesota, and adds, "Already in some sections,
particularly in the South, the sales of the adulterated
product have reached such magnitude as to percep
tibly affect the trade in honest flour."
The flour milling interest is almost as important to
California as to Minnesota, and if the trade of our
sister commonwealth is now suffering from the ef
fects of dishonest competition it will not be long be
fore our millers will be subject to the same injury.
For local reasons, therefore, if not for the general
good, we should be prompt and energetic in aiding
the Eastern millers to obtain the legislation in the
interest of pure food they are now fighting for.
It is admitted that the adulterations of flour so far
put on the market are in the main harmless. They
consist chiefly of mixing a percentage of corn flour
with the wheat, and the combination Is claimed by its
manufacturers to be equally as good as the pure ar
ticle. This claim need not be denied by the advocates
of the pure food law, for the fact would still remain
that the consumer is cheated and the wheat flour
miller injured when a cheap mixture of wheat and
corn is put on the market and sold as pure wheat
flour. •
The "corn flour" men are by no means either few
or weak. They have a strong organization and are
reported to have at present in Washington a power
ful lobby to fight the proposed law. The advocates
of the measure have no easy victory before them. It
will take earnest and persistent work to convince
Congress that even if the claims of the corn flour
men be true, and if the adulteration be truly a bene
ficent discovery of science which cheapens the price
of bread for the people, it nevertheless should be
sold under its right name and not under the name of
pure flour.
Sooner or later Congress will have to undertake
in earnest the task of preventing food adulterations.
Modern Science enables the unscrupulous to adulter
ate almost every kind of food in common use, and
the producer of pure foods is heavily handicapped
in competing with them. It is nothing more than
right that all articles of food should be marked with
labels showing exactly what they are. If the people
prefer the "sophisticated food" at the cheaper price
no one can object, but they should not be duped
into buying it by false pretenses.
In estopping the importation of American fruit,
Germany clearly shows itself to be a short-sighted
pig. We import various things from Germany, but
to get along without them would be quite possible.
Italy is about to send a warship to Hayti. People
who have wondered what Hayti is for may now
know. It is to send warships to.
THE BELLS OF THE MINING FAIR.
"It's really quite a pretty sight," said the Middle Bell with that affable unreserve
that implies a readiness to converse.
The Bell from the Mission Dolores didn't answer.
"Don't you think so?" continued the Middle Bell, unabashed. "I was saying that
the Pavilion looks very pretty to-night with all that pale starred blue above and the
crowd of people below. I love a crowd like this, don't you, Senora Dolores?"
"To tell the truth, my dear," answered the Mission Bell, "I cannot be«*)me accus
tomed to it. Think that for a century I have dwelt aloft in the old belfry out at the
Mission. Since the good Franciscan's hands bound me with rawhide to my place, I
have swung gently out in the real blue of the heavens, or slumbered peacefully; as
peacefully as Monterey herself was sleeping the day the fathers and I left
the beautiful old town. And then a week ago, suddenly I was disturbed. I was
dreaming up there in the dusty belfry of the old times before Yerba Buena— "
I'Yerba Buena!" repeated the Middle Bell, scornfully.
"San Francisco," admitted Senora Dolores, gracefully. "It Is only another trib
ute to the old Franciscan fathers' patron saint. But I had called the Mission In
dians to prayer for forty years before the little shanty was built that started your
great city. I was dreaming over the old times, then, of the broad fields which the
patient Indians cultivated out in the Mission, under the fathers' supervision. I still
seem to see them, a thousand of them and more, trooping Into the rude little
church, their dark heads reverently bowed, their strong hands meekly folded, while
the fathers— the only white men north of San Diego for a time— blessed them sol
emnly. It was a beautiful, calm, patriarchal settlement—"
"But slow, rather. Don't you think so?" The Middle Bell turned to her neighbor
on the right, the blackened, forbidding old Vigilance Bell.
"You bet!" responded slangy Colonel Vigilance. "Why, when me 'n' the pioneers
came out"— the Vigilance Bells English is more' forceful than polite— "the village
hyarabouts was snoozin' away in the rain and in the sun, nuthln' doin', not carin'
to do anythin". Jes waltin' fer a ship to come along 'n' take off the hides they'd got
together. Senora Dolores," continued the Colonel, with a gallant sway toward the
shapely, small, Mission Bell, "was queen in them days, though the monks had lost
the possession of the government some time before. But I put her nose out o' joint.
Ihose were tough times. Women had to take a back seat. Why, when they'd get
ready to pull the rope to ring me a shiver of delight would run clear through me.
An with the first brazen note from mo, jes watch the streets fill. Jes watch the boys
at their work. I tell you, they got more and more expert at it as time went on. It
din t take no time at all before there'd be one or mebbe two, or sometimes three
corpses, with feet and hands bound, hanging from beams in the roof."
"Horrible!" shuddered Senora Dolores. "My mission was all for peace, yours—"
"Well, let me tell you, ma'am," began the Vigilance Bell, hotly, but the Middle
Bell Interrupted.
"After all," she said, complacently, "It doesn't make much difference now. That's
all ancient history. In me, and in my connection with the Mining Fair, all the old
faults are forgotten. And, really, I'm quite proud of my position. Think of my hold-
Ing the center of the stage while the President of tho United States, with his hand
on the button and the whole city of San Francisco waited for the first clang from me
to set the fair going. "You," she went on, turning to the Mission Bell, "might have
bad a share in it if you hadn't been so haughty."
"Why," exclaimed Senora Dolores, "I was so shocked when tho Alcalde—"
"Alcalde!" repeated the Middle Bell.
"The Mayor," Senora Dolores corrected herself. "When the Mayor struck at me
with his cane— l had never been so treated— l shivered with indignation at the insult.
And a century's dust from the old mission fell like a cloud upon him and ho de
sisted."
"You seem altogether out of sympathy with the times," said the Middle Bell,
crossly.
"And you seem quite properly a part of the whole thing," returned Senora Do
lores, tartly.
"Old fogy!" exclaimed the Middle Bell under her clapper.
"Vulgar parvenue!" murmured the Mission Bell to herself.
"Jes my luck," sighed Colonel Vigilance, "to get a chance to talk to a fellow bell
after half a century, and then find myself stuck up alongside a passel of scoldin'
women!" MIRIAM MICHELSON.
A REVOLVING TOWER FORM 1900.
SENSITIVE Parisians have at times
suspected that the ingenuity of de
vising the Eiffel Tower was matched,
if not surpassed, by the construction of
the Ferris Wheel at the Chicago "World's
Fair. Inspired by the patriotic duty of
conceiving some stupendous project
whereby to reclaim their supremacy and
outdazzle the American triumph, the
novelty producers of the French capital
have racked their resourceful brains.
The revolving palace is the result. This
structure, designed by M. Charles Devic,
will consist of a hexagonal shaft 350 feet
In height, divided Into twenty stories.
The entire palace is to be covered with
nickel plate, aluminum, ornamental tiling
PROPOSED REVOLVING PALACE.
and glass. Illumination will come from
20,000 incandescent and 2000 arc lights of
varied colors, arranged so as to bring out
clearly all decorative lines, balconies,
turrets, pillars and statues. In the lof
tiest part of the palace are to be a chime
of sixty-four bells and a powerful organ
played by compressed air. Above these,
and crowning 1 the whole, will perch the
weather vane — a cock fifteen feet high,
and formed from 1200 incandescent lights.
The entire structure is to turn on a pivot
and be moved by hydraulic apparatus, al
ways at the same speed, making a com
plete revolution once an hour. Specta
tors may thus occupy the same position
and see spread out before them the en
tire panorama of the exposition, with the
city of Paris and its environs.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Love was made blind so It could not
see how beautiful It was.
There is only one thing sweeter to a
woman than an offer of marriage, and
that is another one.
Probably the strongest Instinct man
possesses Is to turn up his coat-collar
when he needs a shave.
Until a man has been married he never
can realize that a woman can feel better
because she cries.
Probably none of the women who be
lieve in Christian Science have faith
enough to stick the stamp on a letter be
fore they write the address.
Whenever you see a man trying to go
around with a haunting look In his eyes
you may know some woman has told
him she has always thought he had a
history.— New York Press.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
R. E. Jack, a leading business man of
San Luis .Oblspo, is at the Palace.
George Lingo, a big cattleman of Birds
Landing, is a guest at the Grand.
C. A. Molson. a rich mining man of
Helena, Montana, is at the Palace.
A. Baker, a prominent merchant of San
Jose, is at the Baldwin with his wife.
Frank Bartell, a well-known railroad
contractor of Llvermore, is at the Grand.
E. 8. Blair, a wealthy mining man of
Butte, Mont., is at the Lick with his
family. •
Guy A. Boutell, a big lumber man of
Stockton, is one of last night's arrivals at
the Grand.
Dr. C. C. Marckers, a leading physician
of San Jose, is at the Baldwin on a short
visit to the city.
George B. McKee, a well-known and
well-liked merchant of San Jose, is a
guest at the Grand.
The paying tell
er of theCrocker
"Woolworth Bank
has rather an un
enviable reputa-
° TURN ABOUT c
o FAIR PLAY, r
o tion for politeness I
0000000000 over the counter.
His manner, at
times, is rather brusque to the customer
not possessing a large tank account, and
as a general thing the aggrieved party '
has no other redress than to grin and
bear it. He tried it on once too often,
however, with the result that he received
the worst of it at his own game. The
other day one of the deputy sheriffs from
the City Hall came down to the bank to
have a check cashed and, instead of tak
ing his regular turn, sought to take ad
vantage of the supposed prestige of his
position and get waited on first. The tell
er, instead of humoring him, ordered him j
hack to his proper place in the line with I
more directness than politeness. Mr. Dep- !
uty took his rebuke with surprising
meekness and waited patiently until his
turn came, when he transacted his busi
ness and quietly departed. He went di
rectly from the bank to the Tax Collect
or's office, where he hunted up the name
of the teller on the assessment roll, and
taking a pencil from his pocket wrote,
"See Deputy X. about this."
The next day the teller took advantage
of his lunch hour to run out to the hall
and pay his taxes. Upon arriving at the
tax office he gave his name to the clerk
there, who opened the ledger and seeing
the notation refused to accept any money
until Deputy X. was seen. A messenger
was dispatched in search of that individ
ual, but though the teller waited a whole
hour he could not be found and the un
fortunate tax payer had to leave without
transacting his business. The following
day he again went out to the hall, when
the same thing was gone through; this
time, however, after he had waited twen
ty minutes the deputy put in an appear
ance, and glancing at the note he had
made on the book told the clerk that it
waß all right and that he could accept the
payment; then turning to the teller he
said:
"You thought you were some one when
you were down at your bank, but out here
you don't amount to a white chip In a no
limit game. I only did this to give you a
taste of your own medicine, so you could
see how nice it Is to be kept waiting when
you are in a hurry."
The teller said never a word, but de
parted a much more politic man than he
entered.
W. D. Haslane, the cashier of the First
National Bank of Santa Cruz, Is regis
tered at the Califorina.
Baron Yon Schroder has come over from
his home in San Rafael for a few days
and is staying at the Palace.
B. A. Foster, a merchant of Santa Cruz,
who is up to the city attempting to or
ganize a Klondike expedition, is at the
California.
• Frank Thompson, one of Vallejo's prom
inent business men and leading politi
cians, is at the California for a short
stay in the city.
I. McMichael, superintendent of the
| eighth district of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, is in San Francisco
on a visit and the guest of Superintendent
F. Jaynes. Mr. McMichael's district em
braces Minnesota, the Dakotas, Idaho,
Montana and a portion of Washington.
There is no official significance in nig
visit. He came here for recreation and
pleasure.
* T. H. Strowbridge, one of the best
known and most popular business m^n
of Portland, Or., is in tho rity with Mrs.
Strowbridge on pleasure bent. They are
at the Occidental.
There is a cer
tain young man,
the son of a gen
tleman promi
nently connected
with tho law de-
OOOOOOOOOC
o A ROMANCE o
o OF THE o
o PAVEMENT, o
o o
0000000000
partment of the
Southern Pa
cific, who may be found standing on the
corner of Sansome and Sutter streets
every evening from 6 to 7 wearing a
bunch of violets in his buttonhole and an
air of expectancy on his face. Should he
be questioned by the passing stranger on
his reason for dallying there he would
answer with ambiguity and cross to the
other pavement until he had rid himself
of his acquaintance, when he would re
turn dnd take his original post to resume
his lonely vigil.
The reason of his constant watch la
this: The young fellow in question, while
he may not be exactly one's ideal of pen
feet manly beauty, has an air of knowing
a thing or two of the ways of the world
which, coupled with a suave, insinuating
address, makes him a great favorite of
the ladies, and many a weird tale does
he relate as he smokes his cigar in the
hotel office of an evening of the strange
and romantic adventures he experiences
with love-lorn maidens unable to resist
his attractiveness; who make his life
miserable by haunting him nightly and
waylaying him on dark corners where
the silence is only broken by their re
proachful sobbing and the fitful splutter
ing of some distant electric light.
Some time ago three associates of this
lothario, who are known as John, Doc
and Pullman, decided to have some fun.
and to that end addressed a letter signed
with a woman's name to this Romeo o(
Montgomery street asking for a meeting,
appointing the hour of 6 as the time and
the above-mentioned corner as the place.
The letter was sent regularly through th«
mail and, old as the scheme was, he rosa
to it like a fish to a worm, and, attiring
himself in his most gorgeous apparel,
went down to the corner, where he has
been spending the last three evenings
without seeing anything more lovely than
the face of Officer Tom Walsh, and, un
less he reads this, is likely to continue
down there until, in the cold wind, he
catches a dose of pneumonia instead of
the lady he is looking for.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— Henry Gray of
San Francisco is at the Imperial Hotel,
and C. M. Sadler of San Francisco Is at
the Hotel Albert.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NEWSPAPERS-F. X., City. There 13
no civil service examination for those
who seek employment on the daily news
papers of the United States.
LETTER BOXES— F. X., City. The let
ter boxes in the office of the San Fran
cisco Call are for the benefit of advertis
ers, and letters intended for them are
placed therein to remain until called for.
WASHINGTON MONUMENT— J. C. P..
City. The Washington monument is
555 V& feet in height and at the base is 55^
feet square. The Claus Spreckels build
ing at Market and Third streets is 75
feet square.
A FOX TERRIER— A. O. S., Vallejo.
There is no rule for positively determin
ing that a fox terrier is a thoroughbred,
without a pedigree. A thoroughbred ter
rier may be black and white, tan and
white or almost white.
THIRD ARTILLERY— L. W. If., City.
None of the histories of the State of Cal
ifornia make any mention of the firing of
a salute at Monterey by Battery F, Third
United States Artillery, in honor of the
declaration of peace between the United
States and Mexico.
ARCHITECT— M. G. 8.. City. This de
partment is at a loss to understand wha %
is desired by "an account long enough to
fill three pages of foolscap of 'every man
is the architect of his own fortune' " If
it is your desire to write an essay on that
quotation. Answers to Correspondents
cannot furnish you the material, for the
reason that if it did it would not be your
essay. You will find the quotation in
"Love's Pilgrimage," by Fletcher and
Beaumont, act I, scene 2, and in "De Re
publlca Ordinanda," by Sallust.
LEAP TEAR— E. 8. N., City. The 1900
will not be a leap year. If a year were
exactly 365*4 days long we would have a
leap year every four years, but as there
is an excess of 11 minutes and 10.3 seconds
every year, this excess is compensated
for by dropping the leap year at the be
ginning of three out of four centuries and
thus equalizing the time gained through
the century. The length of time thus
established makes an error of only one
day in 3325 years. Of the years conclud
ing the centuries and known as the hun
dredth year, such as 1800, 1900, only every
fourth is a leap year, commencing with
2000, such as are devisible by 400, namely
2400, 2SOO and so on.
Extra fine cream caramels Townsend's. •
Peanut taffy, best in world, Townsend's.*
Horehound candy, 15c tt>, Townsend's. •
California glace fruits 50c tt> in fire etch
boxes or Japanese baskets, Townsend's •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Trunks Moved. 2s Cents.
Furniture moved. San Francisco Trans
fer Co. Office, 12 Grant aye. Tel. M. B05.»
Lucy Curtis is the Mayor of Cimarron
Mo., runs the town, conducts a general
store and is the leader of the local Soro-
Bis.
Time Reduced to Chicago.
Via Rio Grande Western. Denver and Rio
Grande and Burlington' railways. Passengers
leaving San Francisco on 6 p. m. train reach
Chicago 2:15 p. m. the fourth day, and New
York 6:30 p. m. following day. Through Pull
man Palace Double Drawing Room Sleeping
Cars to Denver with Union Depot change at
9:30 a. m. to similar cars of the Burlington
Route for Chicago. Railroad and sleeping car
tickets sold through and full Information given
at 14 Montgomery st. W. B. Snedaker. General
Agent.
Get a home; $1000 cash and $40 per month for
a few years will buy the prettiest house in
the prettiest suburb of San Francisco. Call on
R. E. McGIII, 13 Post St.
If you suffer from looscneß9 of the bowels Db.
Siegert's Asnosn-iiA Bitters will cure you.
Be sure you get Dh. Sieoert'b.
A Cough Should Not Be NKGi.ECTEn.
"Brown's Sronrhtal Troches' 1 are a simple rem
edy and grlve lmmedla'e relief. Avoid Imitations.
Rkmovk the causes thut make your hair lifeless
and gray with Park Kit's Hair Balsam.
Hinbebcoens, the best pure for corns. IB eta.
Thomas Bomar, a colored man of South
Carolina, has built more cotton mills than
any contractor in the South.
ADVEBTIBEMENTS.
15 Minutes
Sufficient
to make most de-«
licious tea biscuit
with Royal Baking
Powder.SAD DEATH OF
A GOLD HUNTER
Met Death While Work
ing His Way on the
Bark Seminole.
Fell From the Main Rigging to
the Deck and Was Killed
Instantly.
Steam Schooner Rival to Bo Turned
Into a Passenger-Boat for the
Dyea Trade.
Tlie American bark Seminole which
arrived from Newcastle, N. S. W., yes
terday had an unfortunate trip. She
was seventy-seven flays making the
run and lost two of the crew. One died
from some unknown c: use and was bu
ried the same day, while the other fell
fror the main rigging to the deck and
was killed instantly.
George W. Frampton was almost a
lad, but ' c had the Klondike gold fever.
He gave up nia job in Sydney and made
his way to Newcastle where he shipped
aboard the Seminole as an ordinary
sailor. He was to be paid off nere as
soon as the vessel docked, and the
money he would have coming to him
was to help him over the Chilkoot Pass.
On January 12, in latitude 31 minutes
11 seconds north, longitude 159 min
utes 48 secor - west he and some
others were ordered aloft to take in
Bail. Frampton lost his hold in the
rigging and fell to the de(':. He lived
only a few minutes after being picked
up. He was a native .j. England and
gave his age as 21 years.
Un November 22, in latitude . - min
utes 22 seconds south, longitude 15S
minutes 51 seconds east, Th o Nelson,
a native of Norway, aged 42 years, died
Xrom unknown causes on the Seminole.
He had been ill almost from the time
the vessel left Australia, and in spite
of all that could be done for him he
died.
Th^ quarantine officers after an in
quiry into the cause of Nelson's death
decided that he had died of diphtheria.
Ihey accordingly -sent ' .s effects to the
quarantine station and fumigated the
forecastle, after which tie bark was re
leased from quarantine.
Before the Seminoie gets away again
some of her good and bad points may
be aired in court. While the bark waa
on the --ustralian coast an agent for
the owners offered her to J. J. Moore
& Co for $9,5u0, and Mr. Moore at once
agreed to take her, as he was in want
of several vessels. Then came the rush
to Klondike and the value of all kinds
of craft doubled in a night. Then the
principal owner in the vessel backed
out nd said It was only his interest
and not the whole vessel that was for
Bale, and anyhow the other owners
had developed a sudden liking for the
ol . craft and would not sell her at any
price. The Seminole was 'uilt in 1865,
but nevertheless is a sound craft still.
The steamer Progreso finished her
last voyage as a. collier yesterday. The
■work of transforming her into a pas
senger boat was begun almost as soon
as she reached port. She anchored off
M'.icgs wharf and the boilers were at
once blown down and the overhauling
of the machinery begun. When the
tide suited she was towed to Maln-
Btreet wharf, where the discharging of
thi coal and the fitting out of the ves
sel will go o.i simultaneously.
The Alaska Commercial Company
has transformed the steamer Portland
Into a splendid ocean steamer, the
equal of anything on the coast. She is
fitted throughout with electric lights,
and has the best of accommodaions for
150 first-class passengers and 200 sec
ond class. She will be ready for sea in
a few days, but will not go into regular
service on the Alaskan route for some
time. She will run between San Fran
cisco and St. Michael, in company
•with the same company's steel steamer
Ft. Paul, now being completed at the
Union Iron Works.
The steam schooner Rival, which ar
rived from Fort Bragg yesterday, is to
be transformed into a passenger boat
for the Dyea trade. She will dock at
the bulkhead between Harrison and
Folsom-street wharves to-day, and the
alterations will be begun at once. She
will run between Dyea and Seattle.
The British ship Cambuskenneth,
ninety-seven days out from Newcastle,
N. S. W.. passed Point Reyes yesterday
at 9 a. m. Owing to her long passage
she has lost her charter of 355. to Eng
land, 365. 3d. to St. Nazaire and 40s. to
Cape Town.
The British tramp steamer Amara
poora seems to be in trouble every
where she goes. While on this coast
there was trouble with every crew that
Bailed in her, and many of the men had
to libel her in order to get their pay.
When ready to sail from Puget Sound
for Tientsin, China, she was libeled
again, and it was only after a delay
of weeks that she got away. Novem
ber 10 she put into Yokohama in dis
tress, and now comes the news that
the surveyors will not pass her as sea
worthy, and that she will have to be
discharged for a resurvey.
J. T. McMillan, the nautical expert i
•with the United States Hydrographic !
Office, has started a class in navigation j
on East street for the officers of the j
naval battalion. One lesson a week
will be given, and as soon as the Ma
rion is ready the meetings will be held j
on her. Mr. McMillan graduated from
the United States Naval Academy in I
1886, and has had a number of pupils
■who have passed excellent examina
tions. The officers of the naval reserve j
are lucky in securing such an able in
structor.
The revenue cutter Corwln Is being
fitted out at Folsom-street wharf for a
cruise In the Arctic. She will take on
provisions here, and will probably join
the Bear at Unalaska.
Lieutenant A. W. Dodd of the coast
defense steamer Mc-nadnock will go
East on a vacation as soon as the war-
Bhip reaches this port. Along with him
•will go three of the crew of the vessel
to take care of an insane marine who
Is being sent to Washington for treat
ment.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Alameda sailed for Sydney via Hono
lulu, Apia and "uckland yesterday with
a full cargo and a big passenger list.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ __ J 'j _ _^
I Fnameline I
I Kaon STOVE POLISH. I
US Produces a JET BLACK enamel floss. Dustless, Odorless, Labor Mm
§t| Saying-. 5 and 1 0 cent boxes. Try it on your Cycle Chain. gf|
H J, L. PRESCOTT A CO., NEW YORK. WB
THE END OF AN UNFORTUNATE VOYAGE.
Two of the crew of the American bark Seminole, which reached port yesterday from Newcastle, met wrlth
their deaths during the voyage. George W. Frampton, a lad who was working his way here in order to reach the
Klondike, fell to the deck from the main rigging and was killed Instantly. Thomas Nelson died of what the doctors
think was diphtheria- The vessel was quarantined on reaching the harbor and the forecastle fumigated. Nelson's
baggage was sent to Angel Island. The bark was practically sold to J. J. Moore & Co. some months ago, but the
owners now refuse to agree to the transfer of the vessel and a lawsuit is threatened.
STILL WRAPPED
IN MYSTERY
Willey's Death Was Prob
ably Only a Sad
Accident.
Coroner's Jury, However, in
Doubt About How He Came
to His Death.
It May Have Been Unintentional or
I It May Have Been De
sign.
As a reult of the examination of the
Coroner's jury into the facts surround
ing the death of Charles W. Willey,
who was found dead in his room at
1145 Mission street cm Saturday last, a
verdict was rendered by the Jury yes
terday morning at the Morgue that the
deceased came to his death from car
bon monoxide poisoning, caused by in
: haling gas, but the jury was unable
! from the evidence to determine whether
\ his deaths-was the result of accident or
design.
The inquest had been adjourned over
from Thursday at the request of At
torney A. L. Hart, who represents Wil
ley's relatives, and yesterday he in
formed the Coroner that they were sat
isfied that his death was caused by gas,
and not by any other means. The jury
then returned its verdict, and the re
mains were conveyed to the Masonic
Cemetery at 11 o'clock and were In
terred.
Willey's death is surrounded by cer
tain mysterious circumstances, which
have grown out of the fact that he left
a will, in which he makes Mrs. J. B.
Muirhead of 3M> Larkin street his sole
and absolute heir, and the property left
by this Will is supposed to be valued at
$80,000. A. W. White of Marysville and
W. K. Springer, now of this city, are
the relatives who have employed At
torney Hart to look after their interests
in the case with the view of breaking
the will.
The will is dated November 17, 1896,
and, while it was in Willey's handwrit
ing,' it is supposed to have been drawn
up by a lawyer, as it was couched in
legal terms. The supposition is that it
was drawn up by an attorney and then
copied by Willey. Attorney T. J. Lyon,
who has had chargs of Willey's af
fairs for some time, and with whom he
was most intimate, is the person who
is supposed to have drawn the will, but
when asked the question if he had done
so he refused to either affirm or deny
it.
It appears that Willey's relatives
when they learned of tho circumstances
of his death had their sugpicions
aroused, and at once determined to
make an investigation. For this pur
pose they secured as counsel Attorney
Hart, who had the cremation of the
body stopped on Tuesday upon the
grounds that the relatives desired an
inquest held. They were further desir
ous c-f having the dead man's stomach
analyzed, but are said to have been de
terred in this by the cost.
Willey's past life tends to give the
true solution of his death, and also the
incentive that must have caused him
to make the will that he did. His rela
tions with his family were not of a
happy nature, and when hi 3 father died
he left his property, then valued at
$125,000, to charitable institutions, and
to his son Charles he left only the small
annuity of $500, with the proviso that
if he contested the will he was to get
nothing. Subsequently, upon the death
of his mother, he received a legacy of
$100 a month from certain rentals, but
this property bo depreciated that for
the last three years he is said to have
realized nothing from this source. His
father before his death made a deed of
trust giving away his property, and in
his will he provided for the distribution
of such property as was not covered in
the terms of the will.
Attorney Lyon broke the deed of
trust in the Superior Court of this city,
and he later broke the terms of the will
in the Probate Court, but it was car
ried by the trustees, fcrr the estate. Dr.
William Boericke and E. W. Carpenter,
to the Supreme Court upon an appeal.
Willey'e father is said to have disin
herited his son because of his dissipat
ed habits, and there was no love lost
between them. In fact, Willey on more
than one occasion expressed to his
friends, the Mulrheads, the desire to be
cremated when he should die, as he did
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
not wish to be buried in the same
ground with his parents.
Attorney Lyon was of the opinion
that Willey had for some reason light
ed the gas, and had failed to turn it
off entirely, and that he had then lain
down and been overcome.
Willey was 27 years of age. and had
been married, but was divorced from
his wife.
MUST NOW GO INTO COURT.
The Hearstlings Have Exhausted
All Legal Technicalities and
Must Answer Charges.
The actions of Claus Spreckels against
Hearst, Lawrence and Williams, and
Hearst, Lawrence and Aiken of the Ex
aminer for libel will soon come to trial.
The defendants have exhausted all legal
technicalities to keep out of court and no
thing now remains for them but to file
answers to the complaints against them
and set up the best defense at their com
mand.
Yesterday in Judge Hunt's court the
default of Williams In the first case and
that of Alken In the second were opened
and made a matter of record. Attorney
Garret McEnerney. representing the de
fendants, then made an application to the
court to be allowed to amend the demur
rers of Williams, Lawrence and Aiken to
the complaints. Grove L. Johnson op
posed the application and Judge Hunt de
nied it. The original demurrers on file
were then withdrawn by the defendants'
attorney and the court allowed fifteen
days to the defendants in which to file an
answer to the complaint. This closed the
day's proceedings and when the answer
is liled the case will be on a fair way to
trial.
MISSION MEN
ARE INDIGNANT
A Mass - Meeting Arranged
Against a Proposed Zoo
and Park.
Property-Owners Will Voice Their
Sentiments— Dr. Clinton Will
Speak.
The wave of Indignation that has for
some time been gathering force and vol
ume in the Mission over the proposed
purchase of a site for the Mlssslon Park
and Zoological Garden has taken form,
and In no uncertain manner.
Te opponents of the vast expense that
the Board of Supervisors are endeavor
ing to foist on the city have decided that
the only way to convince the board that
public sentiment in the Mission is against
the matter is to hold an indignation
meeting and send up a roar against the
purchase of the Gum Tree Tract that
will reach those who have the decision in
the matter in a manner that cannot be
misunderstood.
The officers of the Folsom Street Club
have been quietly working the meeting
up for two weeks past, and the call will
be issued to-day for tho gathering.
Mangels Hall, at Twenty-fourth and Fol
som streets, has been chosen as the place
for the gathering, but it is probable that
the hall, commodious as it is, will not be
capable of holding the throng that will
attend, as the petition against the pur
chase of Whirlwind Gulch was signed by
more than 3000 property-owners of the
Mission district.
One member of the Board of Super
visors—Dr. C. A. Clinton— will take a
prominent part in the proceedings. Ho
has prepared a mass of figures to show
that the park is not only unnecessary at
the present time, but that the price that
it is proposed to pay for the selected
tract is exorbitant. Other speakers of
note will be A. B. McGuire, the contrac
tor, and Charles Alpers. The committee
in charge of the arrangements consists of
John McEnhtll, J. Sullivan and John
Welch.
FOREIGN CONSIGNEES.
Compliance With the Laws of a
State Will Entitle Them to
Receive Goods.
The Treasury Department has made a
new regulation, based upon an opinion of
the solicitor of the treasury, with refer
ence to the importation of foreign goods
consigned to aliens. It had been the regu
lation prior to the opinion that a foreign
corporation could not import goods into
the United States. The opinion was in
the matter of the Russian Company for
feea, River and Land Insurance, which
sent some goods to New York, consigned
to itself. Lazar Holtzon* presented a
power of attorney from the company
gave proof that the company had com
plied with all the laws of the State of
New York, and demanded entry for the
goods.
The solicitor of the treasury rendered
the opinion that a power of attorney
filed by a foreign corporation which has
complied with the requirements of the
laws of a State may be accepted for cus
toms purposes in the same manner as in
a case of a domestic corporation.
Marsden Manson to Lecture.
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Farmers' Club on Tuesday evening next
at the Mechanics' Institute Marsden
Manson, C. E., who has recently returned'
from Russia after an official inspection
of its road system as the guest of the
Russian Government," will lecture. His
subject will be "Roads— Ancient and
Modern, at Home and Abroad." Stereop
ticon views will Illustrate his talk, and it
is expected that it will be very entertain
ing. A cordial invitation has been ex
tended to all interested to be present.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. •
Press Club Delegates.
ThePressClub Thursday evening elected
the following delegates to International
League of Press Clubs, to meet at New
Orleans on the 15th inst. : H. L. Brooke,
W C. Barnea; alternates, W. F. Burke,
T. H. Van Frank. The delegates were
instructed to invite the league to hold
its 1899 meeting in San Francisco.
DETECTION OF
A DETECTIVE
John Gamage to Be Ar
rested for Contempt
of Court.
A Collector's Clerk Followed
His Wife for Seven
Hours.
Justloe Barry Is Wroth and Wants
His Orders Obeyed Forth
with. ■
Private Detective John Gamage Is in
grave danger of going to Jail for con
tempt because of his refusal to obey
the process of the Justices' courts.
The name of Gamage is familiar
about the Justices' courts, where It
figures as the plaintiff in many petty
actions, and it is not infrequent that
the name figures in the role of de
fendant. Gamage the plaintiff is not
Gamage the defendant, however, the
pair being father and son.
Gamage Sr. obtained goods to the ex
tent of $112 from a downtown mer
chant some time ago, and the claim
eventually got into the hands of W. S.
Morrow, the collector. He sued th-e
sleuth, got a judgment, and then began
a search for some means of satisfying
Gan-.age apparently had no property
that could be levied upon, so an order
of examination was obtained to ascer
tain whether there was any chance/of
payment. The order was duly set rfnd
called, but the detective failed to fep
pear, and a citation for contempt was
the next proceeding. /
The young man of Morrow's office
had an exciting experience in locat'ng
the detective. The only way he knew
was to follow Gamage's wife, and' this
he did for seven consecutive hours. His
perseverance was finally rewarded and
he smilingly handed Gamage thl cita
tion. His reward was an onfer to
leave the office, followed by J rush
from the detective and a sho*er of
blows that drove him outside tlie por
tal. T
Gamage paid no more attention to
the citation for contempt than he did
to the order of examination, arfd on the
facts being reported to Justice of the
Peace Barry, who had Issued the two
papers, the judicial light decided on
summary measures.
He ordered an order of arrest to Issue
forthwith, and sent it to the, Sheriff for
service. Gamage may be as hard to
find in this instance as he was when a
citation for contempt was chasing him
but it is a fair presumption that the
server will not fare as did his prede
cessor, as the Sheriff's deputies are
stalwart and experienced and blows are
usually met in kind and with interest.
A COUNTERFEIT DOLLAR.
It Leads to Trouble Between a Pas
senger and Conductor.
O. E. Christoffersen, a c,erk, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon on a charge
of passing counterfeit money, but accord
ing to his story the proper person to be
arrested should be the conductor of a
Mission street electric car. Christoffersen
had bought a watch in a Kearny street
store and jumped on a passing electric
car to go home. When the conductor
asked for his fare he gave him a doll-ir
which he had received as change from
the jeweler and received 95 cents change
In a few minutes the conductor came to
him and presenting to him a dollar piece
said that it was bogus. He claimed that
he got it from Christoffersen and wanted
the 95 cents back and five cents for his
fare. Christoffsrsen expressed a doubt as
to the dollar being the one he gave him
and refused to acknowledge it as it
might be a trick on the part of the con
ductor to get rid of a counterfeit dollar
The conductor persisted and Christof
fersen obstinately refused to disgorge
When the rar reached the crossine at
Third and Mission streets the conductor
called Policeman John Wallace and In
structed him to arrest Christoffersen on
a charge of passing counterfeit money
The dollar was given as evidence. Chris
toffersen was released on $60 ca3h bail. He
said he would fight the case and make it
warm for the conductor before he irot
through with him. ° bUI
« ♦ •
Slankard Benefit.
The benefit to be tendered on Sunday to
the widow and orphans of George Slank
ard, the cowboy killed at Centra! Park
last Sunday morning while engaged In
the Wild West Show, is assuming definite
shape. So far a great many tickets have
been disposed of and a large attendance
Is expected. The afTalr should net a good
amount to his destitute family, as there
will be little to pay out of the receipts as
nearly everything has been donated Be
sides the services of the participants, the
stockmen and liverymen are tendering
the services of horses and equipments
vehicles, etc. The programme will be
strengthened by the acquisition of a num
ber of cowboys and vaqueros who have
come in from the ranges.
New Policemen.
Albert M. Smith, a native son, 29 years
of age and a clerk by occupation, and
John C. Shinkwin, a native of Ireland, 27
years ;of age, t and a laborer iby « occupa
tion, were yesterday sworn in as police
officers.
The fiuMdmile y^. u•* ever J to»PP«
•frnatTire of (^«& <* CASTOBIA.
LADIES TO HOLD
A CHURCH FAIR
Will Assist the Priests
of St. Patrick's
Church.
Money Sorely Needed to Put
the Old Edifice in Re
pair.
Arrangement of th« Booths and the
Names of Those Who Will
Be In Charge.
The ladies of St. Patrick's parish,
under the immediate direction of Fath
er John Brennan, will hold the first
Catholic fair that the church has ever
known since its foundation, forty-seven
years ago. At the time of the erection
of the church, San Francisco, with its
present population of nearly half a
million souls, was nothing more than
a mining camp with a sparsely scat
tered population numbering but a few
hundred people.*. The present appeal
for aid and support from the Catholic
population generally, will be the first
ever made by the priests of the par
ish, and in consideration of this fact
it is expected that the present demand
for assistance will be considered no
more than right, as the finances of the
church are extremely low at present
and are not sufficient to repair the
sadly neglected condition of the build
ing. As St. Patrick's Church has ex
tended a helping hand scores of times
to parish churches in distress and
straitened financial circumstances in,
the past, it is expected that the present
appeal made by the people of the old
Mission street edifice will meet with
kindly consideration and liberal support,
and that their coming fair will meet
with an unprecedented success. The
outlook at present, to use the words of
Father Brennan, the director of the
fair, is more than encouraging, not
withstanding the fact that the venture
is as yet in an embryonic state.
To remodel the church and to make
a number of extensive and needed re
pairs in the parochial residence consti
tute the main and principal reasons
why a fair was considered necessary
In order to raise the 510,000— the amount
needed — to effectively carry on the
work and make the desired improve
ments.
"As all the Catholics, that Is, the ear
ly Catholics of the city, at one time or
anpther, lived in this parish, it stands
to reason," said Father Brennan, "that
th/by owe us a debt of gratitude. Be
sides the parish is yearly becoming
poorer. Those who make money here,
when they have accumulated a suffi
cient amount, or when they get into
more prosperous circumstances, as a
rule, move away to other parts of the
city. For the last few years churches,
especially down-town churches, have
have had a hard struggle to maintain
themselves. Churches of other de
nominations, as a matter of fact, have
for the most part closed their doors en
tirely, transferring their field of work
to other parts of the city, where they
could stand better chances of obtaining
the necessary support. I think if the
people of other sections of the city
where their own parishes are in no
need of immediate assistance could
hear of our present distress they would
contribute liberally toward our coming
enterprise."
The following is the arrangement of
booths, with the names of those who
will be in charge of them:
Children of Mary Booth— Mrs. 11. O'Shaugh
nessy, assisted by Misses Kittle Wood, Sarah
Dougherty, Genevieve Sullivan, Nonle Sulli
van, Rose Kelly. Mary McDermott. Ella
Cronin, Fannie Hausman, Hannah Grlffen,
Mollie Glover. Nellie Breslln, Nellie Miller,
Delia McDermott, May Hassett, Kittle Daiton,
Mary Lyne, Laura Danneck, Mary Purcell,
Delia Burns, Anna Joesten.
Living- Rosary Booth— Miss Annie E. Down
ing, assisted by Mrs. Hogan. Mrs. Mclnerney,
Mrs. DrlEColl. Misses Mary Dunne. Mary
Rowe. Minnie Mahoney, Frances Conlon, Llbble
Brooks, Nonle Powers, Mary O'Connor, Maggie
Fox, Nellie Finn. Lillle Downing, Maggie
Rowe. Belle McAllister, M. E. Cregan, Mary
Sullivan, Mary Gaffney, Tessle O'Connor,
Maud Foley, Alice Purnin, Mary Durnin, the
Misses Dawson and Miss Gannon.
Ladies of Charity Booth— Miss M. A. Gor
man, assisted by Misses M. I. Garrlty, Nellie
O'Brien, Lena Holden, Mrs. Leach, Mrs. Kerr.
Mrs. Slnnott, Mrs. O'Rourke. Misses Nellie
Healey, Mary Neyland, Mary Brennnn,
Josephine Mulcare, Lizzie Rock. M. Murphy,
Addle Cassamayou. the Misses McCarthy, Miss
Annie Rock, Miss Handley and Miss Cramer.
St. Anthony's Booth— Mrs. J. Coughlan, as
sisted by Mrs. J. Austin, Mrs. L. F. Walsh,
Misses Sarah Anthony. R. Phlllppson, Ger
trude Hallinan, Mary Blancy, Marian Harklns,
Emily Shirley. Nellie Connors, Mary O'Connor,
Matgle Courts. Nora Sullivan, Katie Nash,
Agnes Rlordan, Minnie White, Mamie G.
O'Connor, Annie Hayes, Olivette Trade, Sarah
Campbell, Ida Schwerdt, Agnes Clare, Josie
Sullivan and Clara Llebscher.
St Patrick's Booth— Mrs. Fannie Briare, as
sisted by Mrs. Gllroy, Mrs. Bishop. Misses Mc-
UllliamH, Delury. Cullom. Kehoe, Daisy
Walker, Daly, Mrs. Donnelly, Mrs. Lenihan,
* St Rose's Booth— Mrs. Dr. Masoero, assisted
by Mrs. Steffanl, Mrs. Consanl, Misses Fannie
and Jennie Wilson, Mrs. White, Miss Haus
nian, Mlbs Sylvia Rottanzi, Miss Ada Lertora,
Miss Barre and Miss Norton.
'98 Booth — Mrs. Butters, assisted by Misses
T> Kilduft, M. Quirk. M. Bowie, M. O'Leary,
L Boden, M. Coleman, Mrs. M. Zlmmer,
Misses Breslln. Ryan, M. Grant, N. Kennealy,
J. Lawler, X. Conroy, H. Donahue, Irene
Hughes. Belle Kearns.
Sacred Heart Booth— Mlrs Minnie Gately, as
sisted by Mrs. Mulligan, Mrs. Dougherty, Mrs.
McCarthy, Mrs. Walsh, Misses Katte Kusslck,
Emma Cook. Agnes Gately, Frances McDevltt.
Nellie Sately, Tersa Lamey, Annie McAullfTe,
Mary Quinn, Lillian Martin, Annie Sately and
Josie Gately.
St. Bridget's Booth— Mrs. Canning, assisted
by Mrs. John Dougherty, Mrs. Hassan, Mrs.
Tehaney, Mrs. White, Mrs. Byrnes, Mrs, Con
don and Misses Mary O'Connor, Kittle Hogan,
Katie Murphy, Annie McCann, Kathleen Mc-
Manus, Eva McCready, Kittle Byrnes and Efla
Golden West Booth— Miss A. "W. Westhaus.
assisted by Mrs. Ryan, Mrs. Fahey, Misses Mc-
Mlnemy, Jennie Byrnes, Mary Westhaus, May
Wiggins. Jennie Curry, Etta O'Brien, Belle
O'Brien, Maggie Leary, Kate Leary, Mamie
Wells, Maggie Cavanaugh.
St Anne's Booth— Mrs. McKernan, assisted
by Mrs. Byrnes, Mrs. Coughlin, Mrs. Brady,
Mrs Hurley, Misses Connell, Winnlfred Gaff
ney, Desmond, Hannah Mcßaith and Lillle
St. Ignatius Booth— Mrs. Dhue, assisted by
Miss H. Dhue, Mrs. McDevltt, Mrs. GMbert,
Mrs. Anthony, Mrs. Crane, Mrs. J. J. Shee
han. Misses Mary Dhue, Mary Coleman, Rose
Anthony and Mamie Crane.
St Joseph's Booth— Mrs. Kearney, assisted
by Mrs. McGibney. Mrs. Leckle, Mrs. O'Brien.
Mrs. Fitzgerald. Mrs. Sweeney, Misses Lizzie
McCarthy, Helen Kearney and Katte O'Brien.
St Mary's Booth— Mrs. Menlhan. assisted by
Mrs Hall, Mrs. Kelleher, Mrs. Healy, Mrs.
Callaghan. Mrs. O'Leary, Mrs. Fltzpatrlck,
Mrs. McCarolyne, Mrs. McNamara. Misses
Lizzie Smidy, Maggie Stack, Annie O'Connell
and Mary Callaghan
Leo XIII's Booth— Miss Kate Doran, assisted
by Miss T. A. Leary, Mrs. W. A. Kemp Mrs.
M Brady, Misses Laura Morgan, Mary Smith,
Kate Deiuny. the Misses Collier, Misses Tessie
Doran and Gertie Leary.
Verona Cafe — Mrs. James Flood, assisted by
Mrs Breslln, Mrs. Shea. Mrs. Minnlgan, Mrs.
Crawley. Mrs. Smith, Misses Mary Breslin,
Alice Minnigan, Mary Flood and Laura Mlnni-
BI Candy Booth— Mrs. D. Donohue. assisted by
the Misses Donohue. Mrs. McElroy, Mrs. Davis
and the Misses Mclntosh.
Klondike Fish Pond— Miss Mary Flaherty,
assisted by Misses Margaret O'Brien, May
Leonard and Mary Barret.
Literary Booth— Names not given.
Shooting Gallery— Names not given.
An entertainment under the auspices
of the Sodality of the Children of Mary
will be given next Wednesday evening
at Metropolitan Temple, the proceeds
of which will be devoted toward a fund
for the arrangement of the necessary
preliminaries of the coming fair. Fa
ther Mulligan will deliver an address
upon the occasion.
JAMES BENNETT SENTENCED.
The Would-Be Wife-Murderer Will
Go to San Quentin for
Two' Years.
James G. Bennett was before Judge
Wallace yesterday for sentence, and his
Honor ordered that the convict who
nearly killed his wife with a knife, then
made an attempt to cut his own throat,
escaped from ttie Receiving Hospital and
was recaptured in British Columbia, be
taken to San Quentin and be therein con
fined for a period of two years.
When Bennett's case was called Judge
Ferral, who represented the prisoner,
made a few remarks regarding his
client's previous good character and
asked that the court sentence the pris
oner to a term in the County Jail. As
Bennett wns convicted of an assault with
a deadly weapon it was optional with the
court to send Bennettt either to the
County Jail or State prison.
Judge Wallace, owing to the brutality
of the crime committed by the prisoner,
said that he felt it his duty to impose
the full penalty of the law, and in conse
quence Bennett will wear the stripes.
MUST GET A SWAB.
Dr. T. L. Mahoney Convicted in
Judge Conlan's Court.
Judge Conlan rendered his decision yes
terday in the case of Dr. T. L. Mahoney,
charged with violating the Board of
Health ordinance by not applying to the
board for a swab in a case of diphtheria.
The Judge said he would convict the
defendant, as he did not consider the
Police Court the proper tribunal for de
ciding upon the constitutionality of the
ordinance, which could be done by the
higher court.
Sentence was by consent deferred for a
week to enable the defendant's attorney,
Colonel Smith, to prepare an appeal to
the Superior Court.
Durrant's Personal Effects.
W. A. Durrant, the father of the late
Theodore Durrant, received from Prop
erty Clerk Moran yesterday the personal
effects taken from the murderer at the
time of his arrest, nearly three years
ago. They consist of $3 55 coin, three hand
kerchiefs, a pair of socks, a pecket knife,
a pipe, a nickel watch and a metal chain,
pocket comb, bottle of glycerine, two
bank books, overcoat, sack coat, vest,
trousers, felt hat, key ring and twelve
keys, pair of nippers and a screw driver.
'.--.: ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Deficiency in
from any cause __ ' '/^ ■" . ' #
is always very Hp|)ff Art Iflfl
dangerous. Dr. lICOI I V^^LIUII
Miles' New System of Restorative Remedies
are accomplishing wonders in regulating the
j heart action. For relieving that feeling of
choking and smothering; shortness of the
I breath, fluttering or palpitation, weak and
: hungry spells, Irregular or Intermittent pulse,
j any of which are symptoms of heart disease.
— v « «»g « There is -but one cci-
lIP (VlliA^ entlflc remedy that
I/I • ITIIIC^ hasstood the test Itis
Book on the ■■ * - />
sqL«! Heart Cure
Address the < -
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart,lnd.
*- TURKEY
* KLONDIKE
. The Magnificent Collection of
JHRIIGS
Imported by Mr. - Basil Paul of Constan-
tinople, will be sold
AT AUCTION
TO-DAY -- - Feb. 5,
At I ' and 8 p. m. at
*16 SUTTER STREET,
Between Kearny and Montgomery.
GOODS ON VIEW NOW. -•-
W^S" Mr. Paul, having dtcided 'to go to
BhJr, ] Alaska, will sell out at auction his
•ntlra superb collection ' regardless of value.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD,
CATALOGUES. Auctioneer.
FAI L
DR. SWEANY.
Sufferers from the results of Indiscre-
tions of youth, from excesses of any kind
in maturer years, or who have Shrunken
Organs, . Lame . Back, , Varicocele, Rup-
ture, exhaustive drains, etc., should
waste no • time, : but consult , this ; Great
Specialist; he speedily and permanently
cures all \ diseases of Men ttnd Women.
Call on or write him to-day. He can cure
you. Valuable Book sent Free. '
in. ■=£,; S"WEA3STSr, M. E>.
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.,
Opposite Examiner Office.
®®®®©®®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®
1 INCREASING PATRONAGE,!
® BOTH LOCAL AND TRANSIENT, ®
® PROVES THAT THE ®
® LADIES' GRILL®
l-^PALACE^
® EXCELS IN .1 EVERYTHING S THAT ' MAKES ®
® THE PERFECT REBTAURANT. ®
® Direct Entrance from Market Street. ®
® OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. , ®
; ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
AMUSEMENTS.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING FROM MONDAY, Jan. 24,
to SATU RDAY, Feb. 5, inclusive.
five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. Trains 11:45 and I:ls P.M. Dally.
Leave Thlrd-st. station, stopping at Valen-
cia st. Returning Immediately after the races.*
ELECTRIC, CAR LINES.
) '■'-.. Kearny-st. and Mlsslon-st. . cars every three
minutes, direct to track without change. FUI-
more-st. cars transfer each ' way.'
■ S. ■N. ANDROUS, President -
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. " • " ,
BUSH-ST. THEATER. v •
> The Thalia German ■ Hebrew" Opera Company.
Wednesday - and ■- Sunday , Nights, » February 2
and -6, ■ the -. Side-splitting. . Roaring ■ Comedy,
"THE SLEEP-WALKER" ("Die Nachtwand-
lerin"). r' Box office open .; daily from ;10 < a. : m.
to C:3O p. m. . , . ;,;;-;.•-
;■■ OLYMPIA— Corner of Miton and'
- , ' ;_ . Eddy Stre«t». :j* : ;
Most Beautiful Music Hall in America.
Hear. JESSIE MILLER, ■> LILLIAN LESLIE.
. HEALT AND STEVENS and Our .
:v ■;.••- Olio of Specialties. •; ; ; . ; .': ■':-..
,v- . -" :;'i-'- Admission free. :; Theater Heated. r •'.;:.
■: ,>;• ADVERTISEMENTS. vv r
"My health and vitality 1 owe
to Yin Mariani : when at times
unable to proceed, a few drops
give me new life; 1 proclaim
Yin Mariani the king of all
tonic wines."
SARAH BERNHARDL
But^H Vfl fefl 1 I
(MARIANI WINE)
THE IDEAL FRENCH TONIC.
At Druggists arid Fancy Grocers.
Avoid Substitutions. • :\ i;: ■
GANCpp
Page BOOK Sent
FREE with home tes-
BsMJI^SmStjJ&jS timonials and exact
JuH 10^^ addresses of hun-
i^FiPkl dreda cured of large
I M 1 1 dancers, some 8, 10
M %% a nd 12 lbs. in alcohol.
I have positively cur-
ed over 1,000 Cancers in California in 8 yrs^syrs 1
experience. Any lump In the breast is Cancer:
. they always poison from breast to arm-pit and
lip to throat. If large it is then too late.
S. R. C ham L m. D., Office. 719 Mabket St.. S.F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCEfi
AMUSEMENTS.
WELCOME THE LITTLE ONES,
THE BIG ONES and THE MEDIUM-SIZED
ONES.
Sound the school cry— "Hoop La, Hoop La,
Rah, Rah, Rah, Slz Boom Ah. Miners'
Fair, Hur Rah, Hur Rah."
SCHOOL CHILDREN'S DAY
— AT THE —
Mining Fair
— and; —
KLONDIKE EXPOSITION
AT—
mechanics' Pavilion
To-Day. '
Children admitted for 10 cents and given a
bag of candy free from 10 to 5 p. m.
Juvenile Cake Walk, Children's Fancy Dan-
ces: - Performing Bears, ' John - and Johnnie;
Fire-eater: Free Moving Pictures; BLONDIN,
the ' Tightrope "Walking Horse, ! Smallest
Pony In the World, and other attractions.
To-night — Band Concert; "popular
airs; special features of all kinds. - Regular
Saturday Night Gala Carnival. North Bloom-
fleld ' Mine working; Underground- Mine and
Tunnel;, Bartholomew's Trained Horses; Tesla
Electrical Exhibit: Trip to Dawson City; Min-
eral Exhibits: Beautiful Displays. The great-
est Exposition of the age. Don't miss It.
' Admission,' 25 cents; children from 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m., :10 cents; at night (children), 15
cents; commutation tickets, $5. .• .
MONDAY THE GREAT CAKE-WALK
COMES OFF. .
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
: TO-NIGHT— NIGHT— TO-NIGHT.
AND ALL NEXT WEEK- .
Edw. E. . Rice's Superb Spectacle.
™ GIRL FROM PARIS
It Is to laugh.
—MONDAY. Feb. 14— The Famous Original—
BOSTONIANS.
'.fRICOIANDEft GOTHOB6C usiUt6A/uu*»
T\A/O WEEKS, '
(Jinn in & To-morrow, Sunday, Feb. 6,
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS.
Coon Comedy 1 • , " Coon Songs!
Buck Dances 1 . Cake walks!
Vaudevilles! Operatic Reviews I
SEATS NOW. SELLING.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, FEB. 6TH.
' Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. ' Chil- .
dren, 10c, any part.
THE GREAT GAUTIER
And His Trained Riding Horses; .THE- ■
NAWNS, Irish Comedians; BROS. DUNN.
Eccentric Acrobats; ALMONT AND DUMONT.
Instrumental Hussars: CARLETTA,. Artist
Elastic: DOLLINE COLE. World's - Female
Barytone; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. New Life
Scenes. Last Night of AL WILSON.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MBS. EaiqgSTiXE Kreuxg.' Proprietor & Manager
■'■'■'• EVERY EVENING,
A SUCCESS EQUAL TO "THE GEISHA."
The Merry Operatic Fantasle, ;
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN!"
A GREAT CAST
—SEE— '
THE "MERRY CHIN-CHIN GIRLS!
.. . -'v - —HEAR-
ALL THE LATEST SONGS! , ;
SONG— DANCE— BALLET !
Popular v prices .250 and 600
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN.
ALCAZAR "t&XE-
* MATINEE TO-DAY AT :2.
To-night and To-morrow, . Sunday,
Last Performances of ;
VICTOR DURAND !
MONDAY NIGHT— Thomas' Farci-
cal Comedy, "CHARLEY'S AUNT."
Seats on sale, prices....... 13c, ■ 23c, : 3."c, COo
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
: Commencing TO-NIGHT, January 31,
Initial Production of : the Sensational Scenio
; Melodrama . -.'.-■
'X:~" DOWN IN DIXIE"
r Depleting the • South, during reconstruction
times. Beautiful scenery. Highly : sensational
scenes. • The thrilling rescue from; the cotton
press in the burning mill. Negro specialties,'
songs and dances. The Acme Quartet in melo- ■
dies of the South. Evening prices— lo, •23 and '
50c. ... Matinees .Saturday and Sunday. '. ;•. -.-.;;
300,000
.• .: People Have Seen ■ . j
CHIQUITA!
■  The Smallest Woman on Earth. ■
— THE CHUTES — •
r • Every Afternoon and Evening,
Rain . or : Shine. ■...■. 
j THE THEATER IS THOROUGHLY HEATED.
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; Children, 6c.
THE LYBECK CYCLE • SKATING RINK,
Howard St., bet. 3d and <th. : Optical Illusions. .,
:> Orchestra music. Open dally from 9:30 a. m."
to 12 m. ; 2to 4:30 p. m. ; 7 to 10 p. m. General
Admission, 1 10c; Gents' Slices, v 15c; . Ladles'
Skates, Free. ■•■ A Dance Will *Be . Given Regu-
I larly I Every l Wednesday ■ and '> Saturday \ Even- . -
ings, Starting February 2. "^^^S^SSS^^M
78
NETS AND RODS
IN THE
RUSSIAN RIVER.
Although the bar at the mouth of Rus- |
Bian River has been closed for a week or ;
more anglers who are fishing In the deep I
pools above Duncans Milis appear to be j
having fairly good sport. John Galla- j
gher, the veteran angler, to at present
spooning the river with his friend, John j
Butler. Gallagher shipped two nice fish
last Wednesday to a friend as an cvi- j
dence that he was In the swim. It is said j
that Butler has had an electric reel made j
specially fur the Eel and Russian rivers, j
where large steelheada abound. j
The ree i i S a very complicated piece of j
mechanism, in the center of which is a ;
battery. When John touches a spring the j
fish on the end of the line receives a ■
shock which temporarily stuns it. While i
in a state of stupor Butler "buckles up i
on the fish," and surprises his frleuds by |
reeling the game but "knocked out" j
steelhead on shore with consummate
ease. Some anglers attest that it is j
"bull Btrength" on Butler's part, but .
when they will learn of artful John's lai
est device for the capture of large fish
what a jollying the honest old gentleman ;
will receive.
Net fishermen of the Russian River are
making a bitter fight against the Fish
Commissioners, but it seems that tne j
deputies are doing valuable service, nev
erthelesa and it is hoped that the flsner
men will see the advisability of turning
their time and attention to some other
line of business which will pay them !
better than illegal fishing, which at best
Is very unprofitable.
In a letter to The Call one man inter- |
ested in fishing says that the deputies
pay strict attention to some nets and
pass others, which are never molested, i
There may be some truth in the report,
but doubtless the writer had seen nets
which were not confiscated because the
meshes were or a size allowed by law ;
and were drifting with the current. .
In the gunning department of The Call i
appears an editorial written by the editor
of the Halfmoon Kay Advocate on the j
necessity of game and fish protection. In
It will be noticed the slaughter of fish ;
caused recently by fishermen who have
been netting the lagoon near San Greg- ;
urio station. Wagon loads of beautiful
Bteelheads that were ready to spawn j
were taken and carted into South San
Francisco a»id San Mateo, where they j
were sold to fish eaters.
Anglers will learn with pleasure that
Otto Braunsdorf, formerly president of |
the Rod and Gun Club of this city, who
was shot in the left eye recently while j
hunting at Point Reyes, is now domiciled
at the German Hospital and that the
physicians who are attending him have
every- hope that Mr. Braunsdorf will re
cover the sight of the injured optic.
Braunsdorf's absence on Sundays from
the happy hunting and fishing grounds
will be missed l>y many warm friends
and sympathizers.
An anglers' club, the objects of which
are the protection of fish and the stock
ing of coast streams that are within easy
reach of this city, is being organized.
"With a club composed of the right>kind j
of people who will attend and see_to the
stocking of srreams that are being con- !
stantly whipped by local anglers there I
will lie no need of long and tiresome j
trips to the mountains each summer.
A sportsmen and anglers' special train i
will go through to Duncans Mills to- j
night, leaving Sausalito <>n the arrival of
the 11:30 p. m. boat, Sausalito ferry. The !
train will reach its destination at 5 <
o'clock Sunday morning, and returning
will leave Duncans Mills at 4 p. m. Sun
day, landing passengers in this city at i
o'clock. This will be the last special an- j
glers' train run this season and it should i
be well patronized because the best sport
of the year will be hnd to-morrow, as
may be surmised from the following dis
patch to The Call, which was received at
10 o'clock last night from Mr. Field of
Duncans Mills, viz.:
"This afternoon a gang of men was sent :
to open river bar and they succeeded in
doing so at 8 o'clock. A large run of fish
Is now expected."
This news should be welcomed by an- j
glprs. who can safely count on a good :
day's sport 1 _
Divorce Suits Filed.
Ignore Taylor has applied for a di
vorce from her husband, W. B. Taylor,
on the ground of failure to provide.
Nettie Blackwell has' commenced suit
against Henry E. Blackwell for a divorce
on the ground of desertion.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
pertion were also filed by Edward F.
Squires against Josephine Squires and
Olive Reeves against Edward Reeves.
Annie Kemmerer was the last on the
list of applicants for divorce. She asks
the court to annul her marriage to Fred
Kemmerer on the ground of cruelty.
TROUT FISHING ON EEL RIVER.
The beautiful Eel River, in Humboldt County, Is affording anglers gala
sport owing to the low and clear state of the water and the large numbers
of game fishes that are lodged in the deep pools waiting opportunity to
ascend to spawning bed?.
Recently J. Vansant Jr., the photographer of Eureka, Cal., and W. C.
Culbert, of the S. B. I,eavitt Paper Company of this city, enjoyed a few
days of grand sport, catching fourteen-inch steelheads with hook and line.
On January 11 they basketed forty-one nice fish which were photographed
by Mr. Vansant. The best fishing grounds are between Singleys and Fern
dale, which place can be reached from Eureka by team or train, a distance
of sixteen miles.
Although rather late In the season for trout fishing, the twenty-seven
and a half pound catch made by the gentlemen In question proves beyond
a doubt that first-class midwinter sport can be enjoyed by anglers until
such time as the heavy rains will disturb and alter the present condition of
tJie clear and sparkling waters of the river.
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
COURSING FOR
MONEY
AND PLEASURE.
The coursing at Ingleside to-day and to
morrow embraces two stakes and the en
try Includes performers of exceptional
class. All the local cracks are in the
open event, and the puppies are young
sters that will put up the hottest kind of
sport.
Santa Clara County has six candidates
In the running. The Dean kennels have
out the old favorites. Oonnemara and
Moondyne. Game old Skyball is again
to the front. The Colorado puppy. Bo
nanza, is out for laurels. The Shannon
string has representation in both stakes
and its candidates number no less than
live.
Picking winners Is hazardous, but on
form there should be a flag to-day for
Miss Dividend, Dempsey Lass, Sprig o'
the Hill, Signal, St. Nicholas, Sweet Mu
sic. Master Jack, Konlawn, Belle Le
ward, Bonanza and Gladys Fasha.
The all-age stake should go to Sky
hall. Moondyne, Fleetwood, Susie, High
Born Lady, Cavalier, Old Glory, Lady
Campbell, Rosette, Connemara, Duke of
Oakgrove and Senorita.
The course between the puppies Sweet
Music and Royal Oak should be closer
than the mouths of dishonest politicians
in the Grand Jury room.
Los Palmas ami San Mateo are new
ones to-day. They may develop the un
expected. .
St. Nicholas and Log Boy should run
to-day under the traditional blanket.
Some miscreant entered the Orient ken
nels a few nights ago and maliciously
slashed a valuable dog with a knife.
The Interstate Coursing Club held its
regular monthly meeting last Tuesday
evening. Thirty-four members were
present and the following were admitted
as new members: H. A. Deckelman,
George J. Panairo, Hugh Lynch, John
Maher, John Keenan, Joseph Goodman,
and J. J. Griffin.
The running to-day will begin at 1 p. m.
and to-morrow at 11 a. m.
OARSMEN SELECTED TO
REPRESENT THE DOLPHINS.
Captain Kennedy of the Dolphins has
selected the men who are to represent
the club in the various rowing events this
season, and already the men are in active
training.
The club expects its Junior crew to
make a good showing this season. The
men selected to compose the crew are:
J. Bartman, stroke: A. Michelette, after
waist; T. J. Kennedy, forward waist; W.
O. Patch, bow, and Eddie Bartman, cock
swain.
Pape Is training assiduously for the
senior skiff, and hopes to lower Dennis'
colors at the next meeting.
T. J. Hopkins will represent the Dol
phins in the junior skiff, while T. R. Kee
nan will race in the senior shell.
The race between W. O. Patch and
Alec Pape for the club diamond medal
will not be held until a week before the
club's picnic, which is scheduled for
some time in April.
Two junior crews have been organized
for the coming season by the South Knds.
One boat will be manned by William
Barry, Charles Jenkins, Hugh McJsaac
and T. I. Fitzpatrick. The second barge
will have Charles Skelly, Frank Tobin.
Frank Mayo and William McColiough as
its crew.
The South Ends also intend having two
senior crews. Bob McArthur will soon
order the Midgets to commence training
and defend the championship.
"Pop" Folry will have an active op
ponent in l-.en Hausler. who was admit
ted to membership by the South Ends at
their last meeting. Hausler intends en
tering the Junior shell race.
A committee representing all the row
ing clubs will visit F. X. Ryan of the
railroad company regarding the removal
of the old bridge at El Campo. Should
the bridge be removed that pleasure re
sort will be able to boast one of the finest
courses in the country.
THE SAIS" FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
DUCK SHOOTING ON GRIZZLY ISLAND.
J. Maynnrd Jr., an ardent lover of field sports and a fine duck shot, was the guest of the famous market shooter,
C. J. Legros, on Sunday and Mxmday, January 23 and 24.
"Lee" has been a market hunter for twenty-five years, and is considered king of the professional wild duck
shooters of this State. ark is anchored in an Ideal duck-shooting country on Grizzly Island, which Is about
twenty-five miles southeast of Suisun, near Roaring River. John Sandal and Costa were visiting Legros when Mr.
Maynard arrived with his camera and shooting iron.
On Sunday, January 23, Maynard killed on the wing 128 birds, viz., 97 teal, 15 mallard, 14 sprig, 1 gadwell and
1 widgeon between the hours of 12 m. and 4:30 o'clock, using a 12-gauge Smith 3% drachms of Eagle duck and 1% oz.
of chilled shot. On the following day he bagged 34 birds in one and one-half hours' shoe-ting over decoys.
The total 162 birds were shot a second time by the camera, as they hung from a lofty position on the old hunt
er's happy-home.
A FEW MORE
WEEKS
TO HUNT GAME.
This Is the last month of the season
'■ when quail and duck can be shot in ac
! cordance with the game laws of this
State. . ,
Doubtless many years will pass before
i another such remarkably prolific season
for game— that is, of the wild duck va-
J riety—will favor local sportsmen whose
i pleasure in gunning .is confined princi
; pally to the marshes contiguous to tue
! bay. /•"■- : :-. :! *> V- ■ •
| Owing to the extreme cold weatner ana
! the absence of rain, the feathered bipeds
!of the ponds and sloughs seek the
' marshes for food and shelter, and as a
\ consequence duck shooting has been re
! markably good during the entire season.
Had there been heavy rains the birds now
I loafing on the bay would be many miles
| away, waxing fat and lazy on the grain
; fields in the southern counties.
Sportsmen who shot on the preserves
I located in the. Sonoma marshes last Sun
i day had all the sport for which one could
I wish. Teal were surprisingly plentiful and
| fifty or sixty birds to a gun was nothing
I uncommon.
The Smith brothers had a great morn
ing's shoot near Black Point. McMahon
i and Williams were very well satisfied
with a bag they made near Reclamation.
Louis Hollander. Al Raisch and J. Mc-
Arthur bagged 160 ducks in the marshes
near Shellville. In fact, every hunter
who returned from the Sonoma" marsnes
last Sunday reported having had the best
shoot of the season. As the weather
conditions have not changed the shooting
to-day and to-morrow should bo equally
good.
The net fishermen are catching large
numbers of canvasback ducks in the bay
which are sold at good prices to game
dealers. Physicians say that the birds
which died from suffocation . are not fit
for food. Seined ducks are easily dis
cernible by the absence of shot marks.
The "cans" are great divers, and it Is
when searching for bottom food that they
run their heads into the meshes of - the
nets and suffer death. Some fishermen
make a special business of netting can
vasback when the birds are plentiful on
the bay, but as there is no iaw to pre
vent this manner of game slaughter the
fishermen do not fear arrest or punish
ment. ,
Duck shooting near Suisun is good.
Sculling the sloughs and shooting teal as
they '"jump" on the approach of the
hunters first-class sport, but hunters
must be careful to select a good pilot who
understands duck shooting and how to
scull, or otherwise, they- may have cause
to regret their trip to the marshes. Last
Sunday Fred Surrhyne, a collector of this
city, and L. 'Prenot of the Demming-Pal
mer Milling Company » ngaged a man
named . Bell to scull them. . - When • . out
about two miles from Suisun the old boat
which they were in sprung a leak and it
I was with much difficulty the craft . was
! sculled into the tules, where the hunters
had to remain standing in three feet of
water until the pilot managed -in some
way to patch up the hole. The hunters
I lost their ammunition and lunch and re-
I turned finally to Suisun sadder, but wiser
| men. ' ■ ....
Speaking of Bell, J. Maynard Jr. of this
city states that while on a recent shoot
ing trip to Suisun he had engaged Bell
to scull him through the sloughs. He had
a good shoot, and when he was about to
take his departure for home he discovered
that two large strings of game which
were in charge of a hotelkeeper had
mysteriously disappeared. Officers were
dispatched to hunt up the thief, and they
found one bunch of birds in Bell's pos
session. He had disposed of the best
strap of birds and was in a glorious mood
when placed under arrest. Maynard did
not feel disposed to prosecute him. so
Bell was released, after receiving some
wholesome advice. Bell must have been
"three sheets in the wind," as it is not
thought that he would have confiscated
other people's property . intentionally
when enjoying his full senses.
W. H. Sears had a grand shoot at Cor
delia last Sunday forenoon. His bag con
sisted of sprig, teal and mallard to the
tune of thirty-five duck. The gentleman'
was delighted with the sport he enjoyed.
George P. Schaefer, editor of the Coast
Advocate, Half-moon Bay, Is taking an
active interest in the protection of the
game and fish of San Mateo County. As
sportsmen and anglers are increasing in
numbers annually, the decrease in game
and fish must be correspondingly great.
Slaughtering game and fish during the
close seasons is oven more common now
than it was twenty years ago, hence the
necessity of Game Wardens in every
county of this State. If the editors of
interior journals will but emulate the ex
ample set by Mr. Schaefer, looking to
ward the immediate protection of game
and fish — quail, duck, deer and trout will
not suffer from future extermination— that
is, if the present reckless and extrava
gant slaughter by pothunters and those
who respect not the game laws of the
State be checked in time.
The Advocate of February 2 publishes
the following sound article on game pro
tection—a timely warning to the Super
visors of San Mateo County:
With San Mateo County the one exception,
the scarcity of game throughout the counties
of the entire State Is being noticed by sports
men now. Every season all through the other
counties quail, trout and game become scarcer,
and the man behind the pun or with the rod
and reel, returns home with a smaller bag
and creel. This is to be expected, through the
manner in which State and county officials re
fuse to afford ample protection for the preser
vation of fish and same from the depreda
tions of the campers and cami 1 killers. In
view of the fact of increasing population and
more guns, game in the future — unless protec
tion is made at onee — will not continue even as
plentiful here in this county as now.
We do not know how we are to preserve
i game without giving it lawful protection, and
i we positively assume that it is our Super
' visors' duty to at once make provisions to en
j force the State laws in that direction.
Purissima ond San Gregorio, in this county.
! are the most noted fishing resorts on the coast,
| end are visited annually by Hundreds of per
i sons who are fond of the sport of trout fishing.
East and north of these places, up the steep
I mountain sides In the tangled recesses of the
! redwoods, are camping places innumerable.
where the silence is only broken by the piping
of quail or the "lipping" footfall of a dtartled
deer or rabbit.
The entire county Is prolific in game, and
! thousands of dollars are annually left here
• by visiting sportsmen, which in itself should
: — ns a monetary consideration — be a self-lnter-
I esting proposition for our county fathers to
keep our county in the van as the leading game
section In California.
The Coast Advocate has always made a firm
stand in the Interests of game protection; it
I has cited undeniable facts of unlawful killings
; of game within our county; it states to-day
: that not long Bince the lagoon at San Gregorio
was illegally seined during the night time, and
i the catch of Fnlm<>n was so great that it called
for the services of a six-horM? team to con
■ vpv the fish to Had<"> and South San Fran
cisco, where they were openly disposed of. The
: Coast Advocate stands ready to-day to give to
: our supervisors the source of such information
! to us. that the matter may be looked Into
; and that they be shown the absolute necessity
: of at once appointing a game warden.
i Our trout streams arc now full of small fry.
' and ere long the advance guard of campers
will arrive ami— unless checked— will proceed,
as heretofore, t'> depopulate the streams of the
j finny inhabitants by their illegal fishing. Last
season thero wore congregated In the neigh
j borhood of Purtsslma Creek, one week before
the trout season opened, over sixty campers,
who. no duuht. commenced to and did fish
without hindrance, regardless of the closed sea
| son.
We affirm that it is to this county's lnter
; ests and to the interests of game protection,
: that the export of game from this county be
. prohibited by the Board of Supervisors; that
1 the law regarding thf running of d»er with
j hounds be repealed ns being unhumane and
an incentive to disregard county laws: and
that the killing or taking of game and fish
after rightfnll Ig, or should be, illegal, and that
it is the duty of tho Hoard of Supervisors to
adopt some means to remedy the conditions
that now exist.
ADAMS AND MURDOCH
TO MEET AGAIN TO-DAY.
The cold weather of the past week kept
many tennis devotees away from the Cal
ifornia courts.
George Whitney and Arthur Chese
hrough earned the honor of having their
names "engraved on the beautiful silver
trophy as the champions in doubles.
During the week R. N. "Whitney de
feated George S. Bradshaw by a score of
2-6, C-l, 2-6, 6-1, S-6.
Bradshaw evened matters a trifle by
defeating afterward George Whitney.
Score, 4—6, 7—5, 6—4.
George has been out but once during
the week, and his absence was very no
ticeable.
Daily and Sanborn lowered the colors
of the invincibles, Whitney and Brad
shaw, In a sharp contest bY a score of
2—6. 6— l. 6—l. Daily's work during the
match showed that "he is rapidly round-
Ing into form.
Corrigan defeated Munson Deuprey.
Score, 6-4, 6-2, 6-4. E. Woodbury then
defeated the winner by a score of 6—4.
Sherwood Adams of the Californias and
Percy Murdoch of the Bellevue Club of
Alameda will meet in a return match at
the courts of the latter club to-day. In
the first match Adams won, but Murdoch
claimed unfamiliarity with the local
court and also complained of sore feet,
not being used to playing on cement.
Miss Verna Harrison and Miss Ethel
Hudson were out during the week. Miss
Harrison gained a victory over Miss
Hudson by a score of 7—5.
Mr. Robertson of Santa Monica has
been granted the privileges of the club,
and during the week played against Mr.
O'Connell, the club's heavy weight. Both
gained a rub.
Miss I,llienthal .had a number of lady
friends out during the week.
The latest aspirants for membership in
the club are: Miss Claire Deuprey, Miss
Grace Knowlton, Miss E. Redding and
Miss Edith Manning.
HANDBALL GAMES
IN THE COURTS.
Those who have entered for the hand
ball tournament which will be held at
Phil Ryan's court on Howard street to
day are:
D. Ropers and P. Ryan vs M. McNeil and G.
McDonald.
D. J. Shehan and N J Prendergast vs. L.
Waterman and E. McDonough.
T. Foley and J. Kirby vs D. Regan and J.
Ilogan.
E. Toy and J. White vs. J. Collins and R.
Murphy.
J. Harlow and D. Connelly vs. M. Basch and
J. Lawless.
P. Herrln and M. J. Stokes vs. J. Boyle and
P. Foley.
J. Rlordan and R. Linehan vs. J. C. Nealon
and T. F. Bonnet.
In the Divorce Court.
Clara J. Howell was granted a divorce
from John M. Howell by Judge Belcher
yesterday on the ground of failure to
provide.
ELECTRICITY
IN THE
RACING GAME.
! An article in an Eastern exchange from
| the pen of Clint C Riley, would give the
j impression that the ex-officlal of the
! old Bay District track is becoming more
I than modernized in some of his racing
i ideas. After reviewing the barbarous use
i of the whip and spurs as applied by joe
: keys on all of our American tracks, Mr.
Riley thinks the Jockey Club and Turf
Congress might, with good reason, look
into the matter of the use of the electric
battery on horses. Clint in concluding
his article says: "Outlawed as it is, its
effectiveness will lead to its surrepti
tious use by unscrupulous owners despite
the penalties attending discovery. Legit
! imatized and taken under the protection
] of racing rules, its use properly defined
; and always made known to the public, it
! would almost certainly be adopted by all
j racing owners as an adjunct of the high
; est value and utility." While there is
■ much useless punishing of horses with the
cruel spur, the writer can hardly agree
with the Chicago scribe that the intro
duction of electricity into the racing game
would elevate the sport. To be sure, a
shock leaves no ill after effects, but if
racing has deteriorated to this, better
! close the gates and scribble off some
bright obituary notices.
If we must have electricity, why not
have iron and copper horses constructed?
Do away with the capricious and high
priced jockey. Lock a blindfolded man
up in the motor room of some downtown
electrical concern and let him play a
tune on the keys. Some one of these
iron steeds would win and the public
would be just as well pleased. They would
be guessing just the same.
\V. J. Spiers, the owner of the great
sprinter O'Connell and several other
horses, among them the two-year-old
Santello, thinks an injustice was done
when his stable was ordered suspended
for sixty days over the victory of the lat
ter youngster one day this week. Mr.
Spiers says the two-year-old, while a
"good looker," showed him nothing in
his morning gallops until one morning
when breezed through the stretch with
O'Connell. Then, apparently feeling his
position, he stepped a quarter on the
Inside track in 24\i seconds— a wonderful
performance. His owner .says there was
nothing secret about the trial. A num
ber of horsemen saw the run. and were
as much surprised^as he was. All Mr.
Spiers asks, he says, is an opportunity to
explain the whole matter, and this the
stewards will probably grant.
Rubicon, who proved such a vexatious
customer for Tommy' Griffin, has been
given a "let-up" by his recent purchaser,
and will receive, so it is said, a special
"prep" for the Burns Handicap. If he is
treated as leniently as Libertine has been
during his racing career the chestnut will
be asked to carry a couple of freight cars
i and a ton or two of scrap iron.
The California Jockey Club has Issued
its book of entries for the spring 2-year
old stakes. Se\'on stakes are carded and
Burns & Waterhouse have from five to
eight nominations in each.
The past two weeks' racing at Ingleslde
has been a very trying one for the talent.
Reversals in form have been frequent,
and Judge Joe Murphy is aging rapidly in
an endeavor to unravel some of the acro
batic displays. Sixty-six favorites have
been served up piping hot and thirty-eight
of them went to the dogs.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
WILL IT EVER COME TO THIS?
An Eastern Turf Writer fldvocdtes the Use of the Electric
Saddle.
CYCLE RACING
ON THE
TRACK AND ROAD.
The old Velodrome race course, re
built at Elmhurst by the Haywards elec
tric road, will be reopened on Wasning
ton's birthday by a big race meet, under
the management of Walter B. Fawcett.
Fawcett has the right idea in that he is
going to inaugurate middle distance rac
ing which is so popular now in the East.
He' has matched W. E. Becker of Min
neapolis. John E. Edwards of this city
and W. G. Furman, the champion ama
teur of Southern California, but who will
turn professional for this occasion, in a
twenty-mile paced event, with plenty of
multicycle pacing machines. The pre
liminary event will be a two-mile profes
sional handicap.
No amateur events have been provided
for, for the reason that the best amateurs
of the coast will be entered in the twenty
five-mile road race in the forenoon, and
will be In no condition to compete in
track events in the afternoon.
The meet will be under C. A. C. C. sanc
tion, and the clubs intend lending it their
hearty support in the endeavor to revive
the waning interest in cycle racing.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Caiuornia Associated Cycung Cluos will
be held this evening at the rooms of the
Olympic Club \v heelmen. It will be an
important session, and there will doubt
less be some lively debating over the
proposed changes in the relay rules.
Tne road racing committee of the asso
ciation met Thursday night and discussed
plans for the coming relay, which will be
presented to the board to-night. It has
Deen about decided to accept Leavitt
Bill's otter of a $350 trophy lor the reiay
race. Changes in the regulations against
pacing will also be recommended.
ihe committee has issued entry blanks
for the annual twenty-nve-miie nandlcap
road race of the association, to L»e held
over the San Leandro triangle on Wash
ington's birthday, February Z2. This will
be the sixth twenty-five-mile event held
under the auspices of the C. A. C. C, and
the prize list and number of entries wil'
exceed all previous ones. If the course
is good on the day of the race, the ex
isting record of 1 hour a minutes 34 1-5
seconds will undoubtedly be lowered. En
tries close with Chairman Myrick on Feb
ruary 14. .
The committee intends to recommend a
Blight change In the course, so that the
race will start about a half mile this side
of San Leandro, instead of a half mile
the other side, as heretofore, and by cut
ting off a bad turn near Haywards, the
finish will be at about the same point as
usual. The riders are heartily in ac
cord with the proposed change.
The games ot the Cycle Baseball League
will be continued to-morrow, although
there is a noticeable falling off in the in
terest. The Bay City Wheelmen will meet
the Reliance CiUb Wheelmen at Oak
land; Olympic Club Wheelmen vs. Acme
Club wheelmen, Velodrome; Garden City-
Wheelmen vs. San Francisco Road Club,
San Jose.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold its
thirteenth annual reception and dance at
the Maple Room of the Palace Hotel, on
Wednesday evening, February 16, from
8:30 to 12 o ! clock. Invitations may be pro
cured from the members, but the num
ber is necessarily limited. The hops of
this club in the past have always been
looked forward to with more than ordi
nary interest, and the members are evi
dencing considerable enthusiasm over the
approaching one. Dancing will be the
feature of the evening, and light refresh
ments will be served during the intermis
sions.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen of Oak
land will hold a five-mile handicap road
race, the first of the season, to-morrow
at 11 o'clock, over the San Leandro-Hay
wards course. Deacon, Rosenheim and
Wyman will start from scratch and Mott,
Coxnead, Cramer, Noonan, Hazelton,
Griffiths and others will be on the hadi
caji marks.
James E. Little, prominent in the Capi
tal City Wheelmen and the Puritan Club
of Sacramento, is in the city for a fort
night's visit, and is renewing his many
friendships in the wheeling fraternity.
His popularity is attested by the warmth
of his reception wherever he goes.
Mr. Little brings word that four of the
prominent members of the Capital City
Club have gone Klondlkeward — Captain
Charles Shaw, George Redman, Will
Hubert and another. They left on the
Walla Walla's last trip north. L. A.
Young will also go to Alaska shortly.
Charles Scheerer will join the colony of
California racing men in Honolulu. "Bob"
Smith and William Hill are candidates
for the position of captain vacated by the
departure of Mr. Shaw, and the election
to choose his successor will be held next
Monday night.
The Imperial Cycling Club held an en
joyable masquerade party last Wednes
day evening at Union Square Hall. It was
confined to the members and their lady
friends, and a great deal of taste was
manifested in some of the costuming. The
hall was prettily decorated and the whole
affair was on a par with similar social
function's this club has given.
Harry F. Terrill is now in Honolulu,
taking part in the races there. He left
quietly about three weeks ago.
H. A. Lozier & Co.'s advance cata
logue, "On the Square," has come to
hand. In a few remarks it has this ad
vice to offer those who may be advertis
ing: "Scattering advertisements in hotel
lobbies, city directories, maps, pro
grammes, etc., are usually procured only
at a cost very much out of proportion to
the results achieved and should not be
used unless your profits are providing
you with a safe surplus. One inch in a
good local paper, displayed In the same
place each issue, will do more to keep
yourself and your bicycle before the pub
lic than many advertisements of ftie
kinds mentioned above."
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will hold
a smoker at Alcazar Hall on Saturday
evening, February 26. The committee
intends to furnish the members and in
vited guests with a high class vaudeville
entertainment, and cards of admission
will be in demand.
George' L. Hall of the Bay City Club
has gone south on a business trip.
"Pinky" Stoddard is in Los Angeles. Dr.
Mervy and Joe Nye recently completed a
century ride around the bay en tandem.
H. W. SPALDINO.
CHOYNSKI AND
McCOY
MAY MEET HERE.
The National Athletic Club has the
crack welter weight, Tom Ryan of Syra
cuse, now under its wing. Ryan ia
matched to fight George Green, and un
less he was confident of disposing of the -
local lad it is extremely doubtful that he
would journey such a long distance for a
whipping.
Green says that he was not "right"
when he faced and was badly drubbed by
Walcott, and that he will prove to his
friends on the next occasion that he ia
still able to go the distance and win out
against a hard game. Certainly Ryan
will compel Green to extend himself, and
if George is found wanting he will grace
fully retire from the business of fighting;
for a living, at least it is hoped so.
The Empire Club is by no means dead— .
that is, according to latest reports from
people who are in a position to know a
thing or two about tne inside doings of
fighting clubs. One man prominently
connected with the turf has seemingly
been a stumbling block to the interests
of the club and its directors have finally
concluded to dispense with the services off
the gentleman, and they have accom
plished that end but with no little dif
ficulty.
The" "Tut" Ryan and Choynski match
is off and an attempt will now be made
to match Choynski against McCoy, Maher
or Sharkey. If the two former pugilists
refuse to meet California Joe the club
would not be shooting far off the mark if
it matched Choynski against Sharkey, as
the last time the local heavyweights met
the contest did not terminate satisfac*
torily.
Sharkey is ready to fight any person and
in any club. He should be given a
chance when there is "a fair field and no
favor," to demonstrate to the people of
this city if he is really entitled to the
distinction which he and his friends
claim. #
Any person who had seen Griffo ham
mer the Vallejo champion a few weeks
ago and who witnessed the contest at
the Olympic Club cannot but say that tho
Australian did not try to extend himself.
Griffo must have had an object in reserv
ing his speed and punches. Possibly he is
playing for a big game. At any rate Mc-
Connell was fortunate that Griffo held hia
left in check or his nose would have been
discolored long before the decision was
rendered. But with all due respect to Me-
Connell it must be said that for a green
'un he is a surprisingly clever fellow,
although a weak puncher.
George Bishop, better known as "Bid
dy," stated yesterday that he would like
a'turn at Jimmy Lawlor or any 125-pound
fighter on the coast. Bishop is a promis
ing looking fellow, who carries a pretty
good record.
The Excelsior Athletic Club held a
meeting on Tuesday evening, February l.
and the following officers were elected for
the ensuing term: James H. Kei?Tiedy«,
president; John Horrigan, vice-president:
Fred M. Waldstein, secretary; Geral
Kelly, treasurer; Joe Kennedy, captain;
John Duffy, sergeant at arms: board of
directors — Eugene Murray. Frank Skuse.
Hugh McLaughlin. George Bastian and
Henry Ahlcrs. The club is in a good
financial condition, having over 250 mem
bers in good standing:. It was decided to
hold the next monthly exhibition on
Monday evening. February 14. The main
event will be an eight-round contest for a
valuable trophy between Jack Sullivan
of the Jefferson Athletic Club and Jimmy,
Riley of the Excelsior Club.
WHEELS LAID ASIDE
FOR THE NATIONAL GAME.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen and the
Acme Wheelmen will oppose each other
at the Velodrome to-morrow. Both teams
have been faithfully practicing and the
game ought to be exciting. Following is
the line-up:
Olympic Wheelmen. Acme.
Cartwright Pitcher H. Hanlfin
G. James Catcher V. J. Gallndo
J. W. Sykes First base A. H. Agnew
Li. Pockwitz Second liase...F, C. Ruppert
F. Morton Third base R. Lyng
T. Manstleld Shortstop G. Simson
G. Fuller Left field F. W. Ruppert
G. Trezevant Center field. .A. S. McDougal
D. Mansfield Kißht field Freeman
The Pacific Baseball Team of . North
Temeseal is out with a challenge to play
the White House nine of this city at any
time the captain of the latter team may
set. The Pacifies line up as follows: C. P.
Peralta. catcher; G. Figio. pitcher; W.
Raymond, first base; Waterbury, second
base: Waters, third base; A. Brackett,
shortstop: C. Locrue, left field; G. Hag
gerty, center field: D. Kearney, right
field: substitutes. The team is managed
by E. H. Barbeau, North Temeseal.
*E. Burnham, representing the Fre
mont Stars, would like to hear from
teams under 16 years of age. Address
challenges to 242 1/21 /2 Fremont street.
The I'erry Collision.
The United States Inspectors of Local
and Foreign Steam Vessels will investi
gate the recent ferry disaster and will
hold a meeting for that purpose next
"Wednesday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As a Tonic for the sick will
produce health, and as a
beverage for the well will
retain and sustain health.
. Highest grade Malt Extract
<:■ on the market. A Non-Intox-
icant. All Druggists.
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers,
•-..•- -* 1 6-4 18 Sacramento St.
MADE ME A MAN
>^)[AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
ft/ -Al-Ztlfvrvoiut Z>l»ca«e»-Fai!iag Mem- 1
»3 f ory.Jmpotency. Sleeplegsneas, etc.. caused
* /Al °',f bU9< or other Eioesses and India-;
\ JH» £F"J ion8 * 2««T/ quickly and aurelv
Xl Z2l 5? tor » Lost V Utility in old or young, and
jgt^rZm*. gtaniattforstiu!;-, business or marriage.
tJKiT^i^- tl q^ Insanity tnrl Consumption it
™Sf S&J rhelr^'V how " icimodiato improve.
2S J^.t v 1^ 18 n * :L «E whero ell other fail In-
h«L^2»^K Tlnc 'ilOi 10 Bcn«'no Ai.ix Tablets. They
iS£ SSTt thou " Blul9 and wi 1 1 euro you. Wo rive a pqs-
JUvj written gaeractoa to effect a rurc Efi fITC in
each caw or rpfuad thB money. Price 8v W I per
SffnfS : ?r? r . Bix 118 8 (fnll treatment! for «2.M. By
mail, in wrapper, npon receipt of rrico. Circular
AJAX REMEDY CO.. "^i^r?.*?.-
«r°J" Fale ln San Francisco by Leipnitz & C 0.,"
250 butter. No-Percentage ; Pharmacy, 953 1 Mkt.
mgk Museum of flsiatomy
I PSrl a visit DR, JORDAN'S s. r. cil
Museum of Anatomy
UB MAEKT ST. tit. 6tk* 7th, S.T. C»L
.fi W ;~/j Th* Lirgeit of in kind in the World. •
1OT»«\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
iklPfrF " ftk ' Conioluiioo flreo. TTrire for Book '". •'■
vV I Philosophy of Marriage.
M«tLCD miE.
The pur. essential extract from the r.ativa dru,T. Co J
tains all the '*"»»>• medicinal ' properties of Oplui'
no Tomlt.ng ; no coftiveneea ,no headaclio. AUDrujrKlstiDARING FEATS
IN MIDAIR
The Lazellos Hold the
Crowd Spellbound at
the Fair.
Performed Marvelous Feats of
Contortion on Spanish
Rings.
Thousands of School Children to
Visit the Exposition
To-Day.
Fully five thousand people crowded
the main floor and galleries in the Me
chanics' Pavilion at the Miners' Fair
last night to witness the startling fea
tures that were presented. By spe
cial arrangement the management, in
their vaudeville show, were enabled to
offer to the public the Lazello brothers
In their daring Spanish ring act. Their
performance was truly marvelous.
Their daring feats of contortion in mid
air held the crowd spellbound.
Xext followed Rand and Dash, as
the Chinaman and tramp, in their act
of the grotesque. This inimitable duo
of rough and ready comedians greatly
amused the crowd with their funny an-
Yesterday was the second souvenir
spoon day, and over 3000 of these beau
tiful souvenirs were given away to the
lady visitors. Professor Batholomew
with his famous tight-rope walking
horse, Blondin, captured the crowd at
both the afternoon and evening per
formances. All the exhibits and side
show attractions are proving of great
interest to the visitors of the fair, and
the latter, including the tunnel and the
moving pictures, are patronized by vast
throngs. Bennett's band, under the
direction of Walter B. Rogers, renders
two programmes every day to large
and appreciative audiences.
It is expected that at least 15,000
school children and 1000 teachers will
visit the fair to-day. The price of ad
mission for the children will be 10 cents,
and the management is going to give
each little one who attends a bag of
candy. There will be some special
features for the benefit of the chil
dren.
!The fair will be open to-morrow. To
morrow night the German singing so
cieties will be out in force. The night
has been set apart as German night in
compliment to President Denicke.
In addition to the many attractions
that have been mentioned for next
■week the management have kept one in
reserve that will eclipse all that have
yet been presented. Professor Bar
tholomew with his beautiful horse,
"Lady Anne," attached to a sulky with
pneumatic tires, will ride all over the
Pavilion, upstairs and downstairs,
without line or whip. The horse 'will
be shod with rubber shoes, and will
obey her master simply by word of
command.
It is expected that at least- sixty St.
Bernard dogs will be shown upon the
floor of the Pavilion at the bench show
to be held next week under the aus
pices of the St. Bernard Kennel Club.
The committee of the California Min
ers' Association has prep^-ed a most
elaborate programme for February 22,
which is Miners' day in the fair calen
dar. There will be drilling and wrest
ling contests, for which handsome I
prizes will be given.
$ The following musical programme
will be rendered to-day:
Overture, "Roman, Carnival" ...Berlioz
Melodies from "The Gondoliers" .....Sullivan
Waltz, "Zenda ...Witmark
Comical contest. Introducing all the soloists
in the band
Fantasie, "A Hunt in the Black Forest" ■
." Voelker
Synopsis— Dawn of Day, Chimes In Dis
tance, Assembly, Start for the Black
. Forest. The Smith, Drinking Song, The
Return, They Scent Game, The Chase,
Finale.
Intermission.
Pongs of the G. A. R Cappa '
"Trovatore" Scenes and Miserere Verdi
Cornet W. B. Rogers
Trombone F. K. Tnbin
Mexican .nee Wilson
Selection. "Flying Dutchman" Wanner
Rhapsodic No. 3 ..Liszt
March, Second Brigade, N. G. I Weldan
THE BOYAKIN CASE.
The Delay in Prosecution Has Wiped
Cut the Most Damaging Evidence
Against the Defendant.
Ex-Superior Judge Murphy called at
the office of the clerk of the United
strict Court yesterday for the
purpose of examining the records in the
case of Henderson Boyakin, indicted by
the United States Grand Jury three years
apo for falsely swearing to an affidavit
for a pension. Mr. Murphy is the attor
ney for Boyakin, and found the facts to
stated in last Thursday's Issue of
The Call, to the effect that the defendant
:.ot yet been arraigned. It was re
ported about the courtroom yesterday
that the delay in this case was due to the
fact that the prosecution >ki<l been await
ing the pleasure of Mr. Murphy to go on
with the case.
Deputy United States Attorney Schles
inger said yesterday that Boyakin would
be arraigned next Tuesday, but that ow
ing' to the death of Notary Public Poole
there was no hope of convicting the de
fendant.
** ADVERTISEMENTS.
f) A WOMAN'S BODY.
f\ \ V ¥( / \VTI What Its Neglect Leads to. Mrs. Ohaa
y . : King's Experience. ■
g^f \-£~^^Jm %W*M A woman ' s body is the repository of the
M. V *Wml m ° St delicate mechanism in the whole
[^V. - -£. Hsol realm of creation, and yet most women
: *!.?%r ' jflH #Sf will let it get out of order and keep out of
/ llli order, just as if it were of no consequence.
\ \>." Their backs ache and heads throb and
yAfjf. \ \ burn; they have wandering pains, now here and
'///Li * now there- They experience extreme lassitude,
/ // | that don't-care and want-to-be-left-alone feeling,
I l V excitability, ■ irritability, nervousness, sleepless-
I I % j ness ' and the blues, yet they will go about their
- • » \ / work until they can scarcely stand on their poor
* i swollen feet, and do nothing to help themselves. .
These are the positive fore-runners of serious womb complications, and unless
given immediate attention will result in untold misery, if not death. ".
Lydia ;E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will, beyond the question of a
doubt, relieve all this trouble before it becomes serious, and it has cured
many after their troubles had become chronic. '. ...
The Compound should be taken immediately, upon the appearance of any of
these symr ivjis above enumerated. It is jt vegetable-; tonic which invigorates
and stimulates the entire female organism, and will produce the same bene- '
ficial results in the case of any.sick woman as it did with Mrs. Chas. Kino, 1815 '
Rosewood St., Philadelphia^ Pa., whose letter we attach: <
" I write these few lines, thanking you for restoring my health. For twelve
years J suffered with pains impossible to describe. I had bearing-down feelings,
backache, burning sensation in my stomach, chills, headache, and always had V
specks before my eyes. I was afraid to stay alone, for I sometimes had
four and five fainting spells a day. I had several doctors and tried many pat-
ent medicines. Two years ago I was so bad that I had to go to bed and- have a
trained nurse. Through her, I commenced to take Lydia E. Pinkham's ■
Vegetable Compound, and I never had anything give me the relief that it has.'?
I have taken eight bottles, and am now enjoying the best of health again. I .
can truthfully Bay it has cured me.' ;\
POWDERED HAIR
AND PATCHES
Characters of Fiction and
History Join in the
Dance.
Brilliant Gathering at the Mur
phy Fancy Dress Co
tillon.
Many Novel and Original Costume
Are Worn in Honor of the
Debutante.
Mr. and Mrs. S. G. Murphy gave a
fancy dress ball and cotillon last even
ing in the Maple Hall of the Palace
Hotel, complimentary to their debut
ante daughter, Miss Adelaide Jewett
Murphy.
It is not every debutante that is so
fortunate as to make her initial bow at
so elegant, brilliant and gorgeous a
function. Nothing that an artistic per
ception might suggest or wealth com
mand was left undone, and the result
was magnificent in the extreme.
The entertainment, while not imitat
ing, was modeled closely on the grand
fancy dress ball of Mrs. Bradley Mar
tin that at once delighted and astonish
ed. Gotham's 400 last winter.
This Maple Hall, in which the danc
ers assembled, save for the numerous
potted palms that lined the walls, was
destitute of decorations, the hostess
rightly concluding that the elegance of
the hall rendered floral embellishments
unnecessary.
Shortly after 9 the guests began to
assemble and the scene became at once
picturesque and animated. Ladies in
the garb of other days, famous court
beauties that made the world's history,
queens whose reigns were distinguished
by deeds of valor and prowess, and
characters famous in the great world of
fiction, all mingled in the joyous con
fusion.
Miss Adelaide Murphy, the charming
little debutante in whose honor the
magnificent fete was given, looked like
a dainty Parisienne doll in her pink
pond-lily costume.
The foundation of the gown was of
pink satin, and soft, fluffy pink tulle
covered it, all ornamented with grace
ful pond-lilies.
Miss Ethel Murphy wore an exact re
production of a gown that belonged to
the ill-fated Marie Antoinette. The
dress was of white satin, and the court
train of an elegant brocade. The front
of the dress was smothered in laces
and tea roses. In the powdered coiffure
was exquisitely worn a pink and white
aigrette.
Mrs. Murphy was attired in a mag
nificent mauve silk almost completely
covered with old black lace. The gown
was a marvel of the modiste's art, and
was most artistic.
General dancing, which inaugurated
the affair, was continued until mid
night, when supper was served. The
tables were laid in the conservatory
and tapestry rooms, and were pro
fusely decorated with American Beau
ties, carnations and violets.
After dinner the cotillon was in order,
E!. M. Greenway leading with Miss
Adelaide Murphy. Four pretty figures
were danced and dainty favors dis
tributed.
Those present were:
lira. EHeanof Martin, Mrs. Phehe
Hearst. Mr. and Mrs. C. Adolphe Low,
Mr. ami Mrs. Evan J. Coleman, Mr. and
Mrs. George Whittell. Baron and .Bar
oness yon Sehroeder. Mr. and Mrs. Chas.
Josselyn. Mr. and Mrs. Downey Harvey.
Mr. and Mrs. William Gwin. Miss Carrie
Gwin, Miss Mary B«'ll Gwin, Mr. and Mrs.
Percy Moore. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mc-
Intosh. Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Hooker,
Mrs. Benedict, Mr. Chappelle, Stuart
Cotton, Aylett R. Cotton Jr., Horace
Platt. John Platt, Lieutenant Barnott,
Lieutenant WUcox, Lieutenant Capps.Mr.
Quincy, Mrs. Edwin C. Smith, Miss Ma
bel Swift, Robert Whitney, George Whit
ney, M^s Clara Hamilton, Miss Gertie
Carroll, Miss Ella Morgan, Miss Therese
Morgan, Miss Helen Hopkins, Miss Edna
Hopkins, Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss May
Hoffman, Miss Clay, Messrs. Hoffman,
the Misses M'.ffltt. Messrs. Moffitt. Miss
Mollie Thomas. Miss Helen Thomas. Miss
Ethel Keener, Miss Charlotte Ellinwood,
Miss Oleta Redding. Miss Florence Jos
selyn, the Misses Moore, the Misses
Moody, Miss Romie Wallace, Miss Ware,
Miss Gwinette Henley, Miss Jessie Hoop
er, Miss Dixon, Miss Belle Hutchinson,
Miss Boggß, Miss Louise Harrington,
Miss Emma Butler. Miss Moulder, Miss
Isabella Preston, the Misses Thomas.Miss
Ellis. Miss Daisy Van Ness. Miss Sallie
M-iynard, Miss Stephenson, Messrs. Reg
inald Brooke. Robert Boni, Mr. Barr, L.
Boardman. D. Boardman, Mr. Braytan,
Mr. Carson, Mr. Conner. Mr. CJawson'
John Dapgett. George DeLonp, Rudick
Duperu. thf> Misses Sinclair, Miss Leon
tine Blakeman. Miss Lillle FolHa Miss
Peters, E. M. Greenway, Mr. Graham Mr
Hamilton, Mr. Grace. Percey Hayne Mr
Kilken, Harry Holhrook. Joseph King
Percy Kinp. Frank King, Mr. Lewis ' Mr'
Morgan, Messrs. MoNutt. Mr. Merrill
Andrew Martin, George Martin Messrs!
Pringle, Mr. Noble, Willis Polk, James
Phelnn. Mr. Owen. Gerald Rathhon. Mr
Reddington, Messrs. Stephenson, Harry
Stetson. Mr. Sanhorn, Messrs Selfridpe
Mr. Selby. Mr. Sherman. Prank Van
Ness, Messrs. Taylor. Mr. Williams Mr
Wilcox, Mr. Russell. Mr. Fentald Law
rence Van Winkle, Alf Clement and Mr
Bolt man.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
THE CAPTAIN
GREW WROTH
An Exciting Scene at the
Investigation of the
Public Pound.
Supervisor Delany Threatened
Violence to Attorney
Martin Stevens.
Witnesses Who Said That E. L.
Wadham's Reputation Was
Very Bad
The hearing of Deputy E. L. Wad
ham's charges against Supervisor De
lany came to an inglorious end yester
day before the Finance Committee, but
not until an exciting scene had taken
place.
It was voted at the last meeting of
the Board of Supervisors that the Fi
nance Committte should conduct an in
vestigation at its regular session and
both sides -were present in full force.
Chairman Rottanzi announced at the
opening of the meeting that he be
lieved the Grand Jury, and not the
committtee, was the proper body to
hear the matter, but Supervisor De
lany objected and demanded that the
investigation go on.
Mr. Wadham was called upon and
I stated that he had gone to see Super
; visor Delany about allowing the Pound
I to remain under the control of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
; Animals.
"Mr. Delany told me," he said, "that
he did not see why, as long as the so
ciety had $25,000 in the treasury it
could not afford to pay Osborn his sal
ary. When I was about to leave he
asked me if I could put him on to a
way of making $500. I considered this
as an insinuation that the society could
get the Pound for $500. Perhaps if the
$500 had been paid the society would
not have lost the Pound."
Then Attorney Martin Stevens, who
was present in the interests of the so
ciety, took a hand. "In other words,"
he said, "you believe Delany was out
for the stuff."
"That's right," replied Wadham.
"The general reputation of the board
had led me to believe that such was
the case."
Supervisors Rivers and Haskins were
on their feet in an Instant and inter
posed a strenuous objection to such
language, but Attorney Stevens was
not to be denied.
"Is it not a fact," he shouted, "that
it is a common rumor that there is a
solid ring of seven members of the
> board who are out for the stuff on any
| and all propositions?"
The room was in an uproar in an in
! stant. Chairman Rottanzi rapped and
roared for order and Supervisor De
lany jumped to his feet and facing
, Stevens said:
"I will throw you out of the room if
you get personal in this matter."
"You'll get a battle if you try it," re
torted Stevens.
"Oh, you're too small game to shoot
at," said the captain, and once more
the angel of peace spread her wings.
On cross-examination Wadham was
i asked certain questions tending to
show that he was friendly with a no
torious woman known as Sadie Xichol,
, but objections were sustained on the
; ground that the witness was not com
| pelled to make statements that might
incriminate him.
Captain Delany's side then took an
inning. J. W. Bird was called to tes
i tify that Wadham's reputation was
' bad and he justified the expectations
of the defense. When he had finished
Captain Delany asked him why he had
appeared to testify.
"Justice to fellow man," replied Bird,
and he further stated that he had
never met Captain Delany b.'fore see
ing him in the committee room.
Attorney A. A. Friedlander was the
next witness and stated that he and
Wadham wore on the bonds of Sadie
Nichol when she was charged with
keeping a minor in a disorderly house.
He charged Wadham with drinking
.and carousing in the -woman's house
and stated that he was an associate
of Oliver Winthrop, who was sent to
San Quentin for the abduction of Mil
lionaire Campbell.
Wadham admits that he was on the
Nichol woman's bond, but states that
he qualified his surety at the request
of Attorney Charles Nagle. He stated
also that he never knew Oliver Win
throp.
Frank A. Holbrook, a brother of the
ousted poundkeeper, testified that
Wadham'fi reputation was bad. When
asked if he ever had any conversation
with Wadham relative to the pound he
said that about December 1 last Wad
ham had told him that if he had $500
hp could get the pound for the society.
Holbrook stated that Wadham had
said that he wanted the money to use
on the Health and Police Committee.
George Delmar, formerly a special
officer of the society, testified that
Wadham had said that the pound mat
ter had been "fixed," but that he did
not think it was possible to reach Dr.
Rottanzi with money or anything else.
Other witnesses were Cornelius J.
Carey and P.. J. Gilfeather, who gave
Wadham a bad name.
Supervisor Delany took the stand on
his own behalf. He denied that he had i
ever talked with Wadham about $500
or in fact any one else, and said that
if he wanted any money he would
certainly not ask it of a man like Wad
ham.
Chairman Rottanzi announced when
the testimony was all In that the com
mittee would make no decision but al
low the matter to rest with the In
vestigation that is now going on be
fore the Grand Jury.
LITERARY ENTERTAINMENT.
An Enjoyable Evening Spent by the
People at Bush-Street Temple.
The inaugural entertainment of the
Auxiliary Literary and Social Union took
place last Thursday evening at the upper
hall of the Bush-Street Synagogue. This
society, with a membership of 100. has
been formed for the purpose of social and
literary causes.
Rabbi Isidore Myers has done much to
wards the improvement and has already
started a library In connection with It
Those who took part in the programme
were: Miss Clara Meyer, Mrs. Louis
Stern. Miss Celfa Friedman, Cantor D
Meyerson E. Allenberg. R. C. Altschul".
Miss Maud Frank, Lennle Waterman Dr
Ben Stitch, Rabbi Isidore Myers Miss
Eva. Lando, Messrs. Solomon, Martin and
Kaplan, Hon. Joseph Kahn and C. Rosen
thai.
Polyclinic's New Officers.
The following officers were elected by
the San Francisco Polycllnic to act for
the ensuing year: President, Louis Bazet,
M.D. ; vice-presidents— H. Kreutzmann!
M.D., and W. A. Martin, M.D. ; treasurer'
Louis Bazet. M.D. ; secretary, Leo New
mark, M.D.; librarian, Washington
Dodge, M.D.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons'
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
A SUIT WON
BY CONTEMPT
New Way Opened by the
• Supreme Court for Ob-
stinate Husbands.
The Foleys Divorce Proceedings
Overturns Many Former
Decisions.
Judge Hebbard Overruled and tho
Litigants Must Again Air Their
Domestic Infelicity.
In handing down its decision In the
case of Foley vs. Foley, the Supreme
Court has succeeded in upsetting for
mer decisions where obstinate defend
ants had refused to comply with an or
der of court. In the case just decided,
Daniel H. Foley and his wife, Mary H.
Foley, brought themselves into Judge
Hebbard's court for the purpose of
having a judicial separation.
The suit was commenced by the wife
against her husband for extreme cru
elty. Foley sought to deprive her of
any share of his property by throwing
it into a corporation known as the Dia
mond Real Estate and Development
Company. In the meantime, and while
the suit was pending before the court,
Judge Hebbard ordered him to pay $100
counsel fees and $50 per month alimony
during the pendency of the action.
In order that the property of the de
fendant, Foley, might not be done
away with, the Diamond Real Estate
and Improvement Company was made
a co-defendant to the suit and the nec
essary papers were served on Foley as
president of that corporation. To the
summons and complaint against Foley
as the husband he entered a demurrer
and an amended demurrer, but he ob
stinately refused to comply with the
order of the court in paying either the
counsel fee or the alimony.
Instead he got frurr k me jurisdiction
of the court, going to Salt .Lake City.
This act on his part was construed by
Judge Hebbard as one of contempt, and
he ordered the demurrer and the
amended demurrer stricken from the
record and proceeded to order a default
of the defendant, with ten days In
which to move to set the judgment
aside, provided he came into court and
complied with the order.
From this judgment six appeals were
taken, five of which were dismissed by
the Supreme Court, and the sixth, that
which embodied the receivership, held,
and on this the court above reversed
the judgment of the trial court on the
ground that it exceeded Its Jurisdiction
in striking from the records the de
murrers and proceeding to enter a
judgment against Foley which deprived
him of his property without due pro
cess of law.
As the case now stands Foley's de
murrer is of record and he will have
his day in court and an opportunity to
fight again. The results of this de
cision will be that as long as a man
remains absent from the State the
court cannot proceed to enter a judg
ment against him which would de
prive him of his property. The Su
preme Court said that the lower court
must take some other method of pun
ishing him for contempt than that of
disposing of his property by striking
from the records his demurrer and pro
ceeding to enter judgment against him
by default.
THE NEW CHARTER.
The Board of Freeholders Sitting in
Judgment on the Important
Instrument.
The Board of Freeholders met in regu
lar session yesterday afternoon in its
rooms in the Mills building, the president
in the chair and all the members being
present except Anderson, Comte, Nob
mann and O'Connor.
The attention of the board was given
entirely to the revision of a draft of the
proposed new charter, formulated by the
executive department and for the first
time submitted to the board as a whole.
The instrument was critically discussed
in detail, numerous changes were sug
gested and some adopted, and the work
was about half finished when the time
came for adjournment.
A communication was received from V
H. Stallard in response to an invitation
from the board, giving his views on the
work in hand and referring to a home
rule charter of which he is the author'
This contemplates the submission to the
people of important public questions as
the sale of franchises, the creation of
debt, etc., which system, Mr. Stallard
says, is "the one followed in the larger
English cities, where it works smoothly
and with satisfaction to the citizens It
secures the general approval of the citi
zens and has greatly facilitated the ac
quisition of public, utilities by the city
governments. It gives the capitalist con
fidence that his investments will not be
made unsafe by popular public clamor
It enables the authorities to borrow on
the lowest rate of interest. It operates
before the consummation of the loan or
sale. It is simple, inexpensive and is at
least strong enough to prevent the com
pletion of a 'job.' " It is also claimed that
this charter will destroy the power of the
"boss" by taking form all individuals
and independent boards discretionary ap
pointive power. "It is, in fact," says its
champion, "the only home rlue govern
ment of the city by the citizens them
selves."
The tenor of the comment upon the
various prescriptions of the new charter
indicated that when it shall be in form
for final acceptance it will provide for a
close personal attendance to their du
ties by the city officials, pointed remarks
being made by several of the freeholders
regarding the lax methods in this mat
ter.
Tho Mayor's right to refer to a vote of
the people final action on any franchise
t*iat may be granted by the Board of
Supervisors was made a special order for
the next meeting.
The board adjourned to next Monday
evening at 8 o'clock.
BLEW OUT THE GAS.
Laurent Cazajous a Young French
man, Found Dead in His Bed.
Laurent Cazajous was found dead In his
bed at 1237 Stockton street Thursday night
with-the gas turned on. He was a young
Frenchman and had only been In this
country two months and a half. He had
not been used to gas. The landlord of the
lodging-house warned hfm of the danger
and explained how to put out the light
but it is believed that Cazajous did not
understand and blew it out.
Cazajous has a sister named Marie in
the city and a brother Jean living- at
Merced. His parents are alive and reside
in France. He was a laundryman and
was 21 years old. Wednesday night he
went to bed about 11 o'clock and when he
did not put in an appearance yesterday
evening J. T>arrecu, who takes care of the
rooms, broke open the door and found
him dead.
New Court of Appeals.
Judges Wallace, Conk and Dunne sat in
bank in Judge Wallace's department yes
terday to hear and decide appeal cases
from the Police Courts. As the session
was the first of its kind held under the
new rule of the Presiding Judge a ma
jority of the attorneys were not pre
pared and continuances were generally
granted.
WILL SAMPLE
QUICKSAND
General Sooy Smith, the
Foundation Expert,
in the City.
Has Come to Look Into the
Difficulties of the New
Postoffice Site.
May Freeze the Sands and. Lay the
Foundations on the
Bedrock.
General William Sooy Smith, the
long-expected foundation expert, whose
advent has been eagerly looked forward
to by all those interested in the new
postofflce building to be erected at
Seventh and Mission streets, was seen
last night at the Palace, where he had
just arrived from Chicago.
General Smith has been sent out here
by Superintending Architect Taylor, the
head of the Government Architectural
Bureau, to investigate the report re
cently submitted by Superintendent
Roberts of this city, wherein it was ex
plained that after all the excavations
had been made and while the contract
ors were getting ready to lay the con
crete foundations a bed of quicksand
was discovered in the extreme south
west corner of the lot, which made any
further continuation of the work use
less.
General Smith will thoroughly inves
tigate the matter from the standpoint
of an expert, and after looking careful
ly into the difficulty will try to devise
some means whereby it may be over
come.
The general, who acquired his right
to that title during the Civil War, is
considered the best authority on mat
ters architectural, particularly that
portion of the science relating to
foundations, in the United States.
Among other celebrated pieces of
work of that nature done by him was
the laying of the foundations of Chi
cago's Auditorium and Title and Trust
building.
He is also the owner of the Butch
system of dealing with quicksand,
whicli he used so successfully in the
construction of the Sault Ste. Marie
locks, between Lake Superior and Lake
Huron.
The Butch system is to put down
pipes into the sands through which a
congealing mixture is poured which
freezes them solid. Then the solid mass
is bored through to the bedrock on
which the foundations are commenced.
Mrs. Smith and the general's little
son accompany him on the present trip.
JUMPED INTO THE BAY.
Mrs. Sarah Bush Can Live No
Longer With Her Husband.
Mrs. Sarah Bush, who lives with her
husband at S Bridge place, attempted to
commit suicide yesterday afternoon by
jumping into the bay off Meiggs wharf.
She was seen by a boatman named Kelly
who jumped in after her and brought her
ashore none the worse for her ducking
Mrs. Bush was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the patrol wagon, and after
the effects of the whisky she had 'con
sumed before jumping into the bay had
worn off she said she was tired of life
and wanted to die.
"I am the mother of seven children,"
she said, "and my husband, who is a
boiler-maker, constantly abuses me.
This morning before he left for his work
he hit me on the nose and made it bleed.
I am sick of it all, and if I don't get
away from him with my children I will
surely kill myself."
SLEEPLESSNESS
ESPECIALLY FREQUENT IN HIGH
ALTITUDES.
How It May Be Overcome in Any
Climate.
From the Chieftian, Pueblo, Col.
While the Rocky Mountain region is
justly famed for its salubrious climate,
and is becoming more and more themecca
toward which pilgrims are traveling from
all parts of the world that they may till
their weakened lungs with its life-giving
air, yet there are ailments in that cli
mate as in any other, one of the chief
of which is sleeplessness. This is due
to the rarity of the air which on some
constitutions is too stimulating to the
nerves. In some cases patients are com
pelled to remove for a time to the sea
level to escape the high nervous strain.
As sleeplessness is not an uncommon ac
companiment to certain nervous condi
tions (in any climate) we propose to re
peat a little story of a woman of Pueblo,
Col., which may point a moral to others,
who have had a similar affliction.
The woman came to Pueblo thirty
years ago, when the town was a fron
tier settlement, and Indians were by no
means unusual visitors, bands of Utes
often passing through on their way from
the mountains down to the plains to hunt
buffaloes.
She had been in good health, until a few
years ago, when at each recurring spring
time she became debilitated, weak and'
languid. Her strength left her. she was
listless and lifeless, and was obliged to
whip herself to every task. This, too, in
spite of the stimulating effects of the
high altitude. The perhaps most serious
difficulty, however, waa sleeplessness
which she could not cure. The long
weary watches of the night told on her
health and she dreaded the approach of
night. This lack of sleep weakened her
strength and brought on extreme ner
vousness, until she was a physical wreck.
As she could not well take the long
journey necessary to a change of cli
mate, she sought for some nerve restor
ative, that would build up the nervous
system, and thus enable her to get that
sieep and rest without which she could
not long endure the strain. She at length
found this in Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for
Pale People. She said to the reporter:
"By the time I had taken one box of these
pill's, I not only felt stronger, but to my
surprise found that I could sleep.
"I have taken four boxes now and can
take a long nap during the day and sleep
soundly all night.
"The medicine not only takes away
that weary depressed feeling, but creates
a buoyancy and exhilaration that does
not pass away when one stops taking the
pills.
"I am forty-nine years old and about
thirty years ago I began to be troubled
with gatherings In my head. The trou
ble continued until I was unable to hear
a sound through my right ear and my left
ear was badly affected. I had no idea
that the pills would benefit my ears, But
they evidently did, as my hearing is very
much improved.
"I consider Dr. Williams 1 Pink Pills for
Pale People a wonderful medicine." The
address of the woman is: Mra. H. ±j.
Graham, 214 E. Fourth St., Pueblo. Col.
State of Colorado, County of Pueblo, ss.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
6th day of .July, 1807.
GEORGE W. GILL.
(Seal) Notary Public.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People
contain, in a condensed form, all the ele
ments necessary to give new life and rich
ness to the blood and restore shattered
nerves. They are an unfailing specific
for such diseases as locomotor ataxia,
partial paralysis. St. Vitus' dance, sciat
ica, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous head
ache. thP after effect of la griupe. pal
pitation of the heart, pale and sallow
all forms of weakness either
in male or female. Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills are sold by all dealers, or will be
sent post paid on receipt of price, 50
cents a box. or six boxes for $2 50 (they
are never sold in bulk or by the 100) by
addressing Dr. Williams' Medicine Co
Schenectady, N. T.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•L^*^^^f IN THE KLONDIKE,
i~^K A Winchester Repeating Rifle
/vMßJS2jjSsf—^ is a great law in itself. It will protect you and
■jiW&ffitSJjaS&idr^ help fill your larder. Send name and address on
|| SR&Prapfiti I «||j! a postal card for i4S-page illustrated catalogue.
Ishp\^^ Winchester Repeating Arras Co.,
■^r^^lT^v^ 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
A machinist in Sf . Louis relates that for eighteen months
his life had been a perfect torture by reason of pains and •"
general bad feeling arising from indigestion, but having '
read about
RipHtis Tabulcs
he said: " I made up my mind at last to try them, and
they are great ! I now use them every now and then,/ |
and have no more indigestion, no bad feeling, and my j
appetite is much ; better. Everybody that suffers from " I
indigestion should try them." ■-.-.
■■■'■■■' 5 ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
■? ; U->>:J RAILWAY co.VX.^^;.:A
* Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
i SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. ■ '
' WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, ■ 9:30,, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. . ■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. - Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 and 6:"5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:10, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
.Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. . - ■
Leave ~ Tn „«.„. • ;; Arrive
San Francisco. <>t M San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- Twt^iion Sun " 1 Week
■ Days. I daya. I D* B1 * 111 " 1011 j day a. I daya. >.■
7:80 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 'Novato. . 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
3:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, C:lop.m. 10:25 a.m.
5:10 p.m. '5:00p.m.| Santa Rosa. | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
~~ . Fulton,
7-^oa.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur?,
Lytton.
Geyserville, «.
3:30 p.m. ;S :ooa.m. ! Cloverdale. : 7:35p.m. 1 6:22 p.m.
1 ■Hop i. -m il and'- : ■■■■:
7:30a.m.|8-COa.m.| Ukiah. [ 7:35p.Tn. :22p.m.
7:30 a.m. -.-;.■■. . ■ j 10:25 a.m.
. 8:00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. ' . . | 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40a.m.f 8:40 a.m.
and
' 5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. | 6:10 p.m.' 6:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. 18:00 a.m.) SGbaßtcnoL : |10:40a.m.|10^5a.m.
8 :30 p.m. \b :00p.m. 1 » e oastcpoL j ?;o&p. m . |. 7:22 p.m.
'Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville forSkagg-s Springs ; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, ■ Kelseyvllle, y-j Soda c Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett- Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue i Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake,; Upper 1 Lake, Porno,' Potter
Valley, John Day's.' Rtv«rside,'Llerley"s, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights,' Hullville, Boonville,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno .. City. : -Fort
Bragg, Westport, T'sal. ■[ - , . ...-.-■
■ Saturday to Monday" round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ..---.': , i -..,< • ;
On Sundays round-trip tickets.to all points
beyond San Rafael at. half, rates. ■". ... ;
Ticket Offices— Market street, Chronicle
building. ■<■.■■■■ - ••• , -•■ - , - • ,
A.W.FOSTER, ..:. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. , Pass. Agt.
Im.i^u^.,-!! CALIFORNIA
r^^MM! LIMIITED '
SAN FRANCISCO
[MjiaUUteagl CHICAGO.
v; Leaves San : Francisco at 4:30 p. m. .'
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS. -
'Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. -; ■_ *
DINING CAR, : r
BUFFET SMOKING CAR. '
' Pullman Palace Drawing- Room Sleepers,
Z% days to Chicago, - 4V4» days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast , time. ; Direct ", connection sin , Chicago : and
Kansas City for all Eastern . points. 1 ; • '. ■
Trains arrive and depart -from Market-street
Ferry- San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, Chronicle building, -Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. '.'Sacra-
mento office, 201 J : street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street. • ■ •' - :- ■ ■ ■ - .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.!
,' Via Sausalito Ferry. :'
From San Francisco. Commencing . September
19, IS!>7. , .
. ' WEEK DAYS. '•
For Mill Valley and ' San' Rafael— *7:2s,- »9-30 : •
11:30 a. m.; 1:45, 3:45, *5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m!
Extra : trips for - San v Rafael on 'Mondays
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m •• ■
/ . .-.:•:.-;-• SUNDAYS. -" '
For Mill Valley and Sjfti - Rafael— "10 00
- •11:30 a. m. ; •1:15. 3:00, •4:30, 6:15 p. m.
.Trains marked.* run to SamQuentln.
THROUGH TRAINS..
7:25 a. m.'.week days for.Cazadero and way sta-
; tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays j (mixed train) for
: Duncan • Mills ; and « way stations: ; 8:00 a. m '
.. Sundays for. Point Reyes and way stations.-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
T ", -'-'■' - T -r. (Via SausalitS, Ferry). r, ■-:*•
Leave San Francisco, ; commencing Novem- ■
D£F 13, 1 .■ i I
. Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m
; Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 d. m.
U Round ■ trip from Mill Valley »l. "■■; I*.. - .',
THOS. COOK* ; SON, Agents,' 621 Market ; ;>
■treat,' Ban Francisco. -:; ' :-,'■■ -':-;■■■-■. I; ,
BAILBOAD IBAVEL.
MIJTODBM l-ulllli 4«.HFAJi¥.
-, (PACIFIC SYSTEM.!
' , Trnlim leave Mitt »•-<■ <!"<■ to iirrlvj a*
S*N l'IUN(!IS»:«. .
(Main Line, root of Market Street)
leave — " From January 1, 1598." — arriti
•G:OO.\ Niks, San Jose and V/ay'Stations... »»t49*
i 7:00\ nenicia, Sui;i:a and Sacramento . . 10:45*
) ' 7:O«a Marysville, OroTilloand Itedding via .
Woodland 5:!5p
7:OOa VacaTillonndßumscy... 8:15p
- 7:3<>a Martinez, Sanllamon.VaUc-jo, Xa;ia,
. -- C'allatsga end Santa K05a... ...... 0:15p
S:OOa Aflatitii: Expraa, Ogileu anil I'.iiHt.. • 8:1.">1?
i h.-:tOA Miles, .San - .lusi', .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, HarysrHJc, Chico,
TehainaandKuil i;imr -ltl-"»p
*»::{Oa Peters, Milton and Oakdale »7:lsp'
Hiuwa New Orleans Kxfreoß, -Merced, Bay-
mond, J''resno, liakersliulil. .Suntu
•'■ Itnil.ara,-- Jos Antilles, DeiniiiK.
1"! i'a«o. Now Orleans and m, 6i43f ■
9:OO a Vollcjo, Martinez, ' Merced and
Fre5n0....... '. X2:lsp
•l:OOr Sacramento Uiver Stoaincrß »9:00p
liOOr Niks. ban J.:so and V/ay Stations.. {9tISA
: 1 :3 Op Martirez nml Way Statintia ......:.. 7:-13p
2:UOp Lircrmore, Meodota,' Ilaaford and
Viialia 4:137
....... LiTcnsore, San Jose, Kilos and Way
•--'.•■•-.-- Stations ;..!........ JIO:13 \
4:OOr Mnrtiue,., San Ilainon, -Vhllpjo,
Naiui, «;alisl.iig;i, J'U VeriMio and
SaiiUKosa . . »«H> *
4iottp Benicia, VacaTiUe, Wo o .1 1 an d ,
Ki lights Landing, Marj'Bviile, Oro-
»lllo and Hncriimento..... 16:454
4t3op San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:lffp
4:3 Up Lathrot", Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno.'Mcjavo (for Bandsburg),
Santa I'.jrli.ir.i and 1.:.* A ii-.lt-.5. . 7:43 a.
4i»»i- Knnt.i i'o Rotite, Atlaiilic. Kxpreas
for Moj'avo and J'Sist.V. . .: 6:43 p
•J3:sop " Sunso', Limited. " Lou Ai:gelen, El
Paso, Fort Wcrth, Little Rock, St.
• Louis, Chicago and EssS.V. .: §1 Oil
V»:3Op " Sunset Limited Anuf x," El Paso,
New Orleans ami East §I0:I5a
6:o<»i- I'.iiropean Moll, 0i;.!.., and Hast.... fi:4!>A
6:»»l- ll;i.vw:ihlh, Kil.iiiiml San J050...... 7:45 a
- !•*:»« v Va11eja..........'.....:..-....... 17:15p
■■ .6:OUr Oregon KxMun.tJaeoHuailto, ]M:iij-m-
vllle, IteiMtuK, . I'nitliiii.l, l-ngut
' Siininl oii.l l^tnt ...'...:.:. ■..■....■ 8:1 Ha.
SAN MaNIIKO AMI lIAVIYAUDS LOCAL.
: (root of Market Street.)
»»6:00a") -■.; .-■■-.. .'■.;: . ■( :. 7~~:1!Ja
S:O«a Mclroso. Somimuv Park, !•»:«.*,
O:OOa • .. ' ... ," . I«t:4s*
tl 1:OOa! . S»ii Lcumlro, South San ■■»*§*'
.2.!.°?.!;. 2 . ! .°?. !; '• I-e*n«lro, l. tu.lillo, .Uli^
i:i:oi»r J'; Loreiiiio. Cherry , • tt:4sp
J 4:00 p..■■,■ , (3:15 p.
• B:OOp I ' »nd C:l.lp
s:aop I ll») wards. '. ■' * : Z:4spZ :45p
7:« Or I, - Irflr
2 ! p \ i Rnns through to Nile*./ v:: .5J : i 5*5 *
■ 9:00p t from Nilea ■'.■--. "10:3Cp-.
ttii:ii> t -.; nia:o<u-
COAVI" DIVISION (Narrow <*»uu'o).
"■'■■• (Foot of Market Street.) •
»«1»A NvtriM-k,Ociitcivill<!,Ban.lose,Kcltoti, '
: -• '• Jtoul(lerCreelf,.SaiitaC'rHzaiid Way '
'5tati0n5:...'.............-....;..... »IB««
'.: •a«a 5 1 Newark, CenlerTille, San .lose. New
V Aiiiiiiilfii, Felton, I'oulilor (,'roek,
,; 5 : : Santa Cruz mid Principal Way :
:: 5tati0n5. :.:.'....;:. ....:....;..... •10«5»41 .
4d(li> Newark, Sun .low ami Los Gatos ... ' 9:20 v
t11:45p Hunters' Kicursiou. Sao Jose and. ' ;
.-:■■ Way Stations ....■.•■....'.•■:*■:.'..:. ; g»P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fr»mS*S FRaNCISCO — foot of Market Street (Slip —
■•7:16' 9:(!0' 11:00*. m. }1:00 : *2:00 |3:CO
•i:00 ■: 45:00 *6:03r.M. .:, ;: y^.X--
from 01KUKD— Fool or Bro«dw»y.— "6:00 . 8:00 10:00a.n>
412:03 -.'«I:00 ;,■ $2:001 3:00 . ' tl:QO ;.-,«3:00f.M.
""^ COAST l>l VISION ( Broad (Jange). '
(Tuird and Townsend Sti) - \ - '
- 6iSsa Han .lose ami Way .Stations (New . ■■ ■
: Almailcn Wedneatlaysonly)....;.. C:33a,
•:OOa San .losu. Treii l'i;m«, S;nit;t Cm/,
racilic finite, llnblca, Sail
.. l.nia ())pispi>, Guadalni'e, Surf anil
Principal; Way Stations :......:.. 4:l3if
•, lOi-lOa San .lose ami Way .5tati0n5......... *8:«0a
I1:»Oa San J.iao ami Way Stations 8:33 a.
*»i3Or Sau Mate.., Kedwood, Metric Park,
,"; ';>• • Santa Clara, '. San .lode, CJilrny, . •
". '' Ho.lister, .. Santa " Cm/.. . Salinas,
■ ' Monterey ami Pacific (Jvove.. M 0:40».
San .lose ami Principal Way Stations *'J:»MU
•4il(>r San Jose ami Principal Way .stations 15:43*
i »5:OOp San Jose and I'rincipa 1 V.'sy Stations l:3Op
. s:3Op. Sail .lose uml Principal W»jr .Stations 5:30p
-■«:»Op Sau Joso ami Way Stations;........ 7:20p
j11:4.->i- San .ioac ami Way 5Ut10ng......... 7:20p
■'''-.«' A lor Morning. ' I' for Afternoon. <
•Sundays excelled. ; J Sundays only, i Saturdays only. ;
- ■ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. '
1 *F Mondays and Thursdays, .
' fi Wcdn»;«day» and Saturdays.
IKE SAN FRANCISCOXSAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY fiAILWAK COMPANY.
From ; September 10. ; l»a/, , trains will :' run a*
follows: -•'•,. . •
]'. ;, Southbound. - .- . ' '-v| : v -. Northbound!.- ; -
Passen- Mixed stat ion 3i 0n3 j -Mixed I Passoa^".
,~ per: -Sunday &tallon3 - Sunday | per '
Dally. j Exc'p'td j Exc'p'td . Daily
•" 7:20 a.m. •• 9:00 a.m. Stockton b 3:45 p.m. 5:40 pm.
1 8:1U a.m. 12:00 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 pm,
U :4O 3.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno M-J:3O a.m. 2:20 pin.
1:40 a.m., 5:20 p.m. Hanford {■ a.m. l:15pn».
12:15p.m. -.6:45 p.m. •.Visalia I 6:40 a.m.' 12:411 p.m.
*-. Stopping at Intermediate po inta when required
: ' Connections— At Stockton '. with steamboats of I
; .; C. : N. r&. I. : Co., leaving s San ■ Francisco and •
. Stockton . at »6\p.i, m. . daily; :. at Merced * with >-"'■
stages to and from Snelllnga, Coulterville, ; etc.; "
j Rlso ; with ■ stage ; for.i Hornitos, ■; Mariposa, etc. ; J- :
• : at Lankershlm with stage to and from filadei-*.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
" SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat about the same.
. Barley futures advancing.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff's firm.
Bayo Beans Higher.
Chinese Rice advanced.
Heavy exports of Cotton.
Hides scarce in the East.
Potatoes and Onions about the same. ■
Poultry and Game still weak and dull.
Oranges ar.il Apples quiet.
Dried Fruits dead again.
Provisions more active than ever before.
Wool and Hops unchanged.
Mutton and Veal advanced. .
Spring Lamb scarce. Hogs doing better
again.
Twenty failures last week.
COINAGE OF THE MINT.
The coinage of the local Mint in the first |
seven monthn of the current fiscal year waa I
J27,782.795, against $27,280,033 for the same time |
last year, and consisted of the following de- j
•crlptlons: ..
Double eagles $22,590,000
Eagles 957.500
Half eagles 1.675.000 ;
•Standard dollars 1.950.000
Half dollars 412.000
Quarter dollars , 86.J9S
Dimes W.OOO ,
THE WEEK'S FAII/r™T?s.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 20 j
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week, ending yesterday. as com- i
pared with 12 for the previous week and 2?
for the corresponding week of 1597. The failures
for the past week are divided among the trades
as follows: Fruits, 2; dry goods, 1; grocers,
4; men's furnishings, 2: saloons, 2; hotel. 1; ;
restaurants, 2; boots and shoes, 1: cjears. 1; ;
stock raiser. 1; contractor and builder, 1; print
ing company, 1; wood and coal, 1.
EXTREME SCARCITY IX HIDES.
Commercial America of New York states that
there Is an alarm over hides and that the mar- ;
kets of the world are being scoured In a vain j
search for supplies. It also speaks of a possi- |
ble leather advance, and says that the stocks j
in New York amount to almost nothing. Con- j
tinuing, it says: "The present situation is a
most unusual one. Tanners realize its signifi- |
cance. They are seekinn hides with feverish j
eagerness. Such Is the strain of the market
that Chicago packers have sold hides on the
backs of cattle still grazing on the prairies.
The unprecedented sales of leather furnish
proof that shoe manufacturers have scented the 1
danger from afar and are cornering in antici
pation of raising prices. This brings out an- ;
other feature of the market. In the face of 1
advancing hide quotations leather has remained
unaffected. A rise may be near at hand. One
extra strain and the creaking of a broken back ( '
may cause the unexpected sensation. With an
advance in leather will come a still further
advance in shoes (for already shoemakers have
lifted prices'), and then the whole country will
feel the vibrations now shaking the founda
tions of the great hide and leather Industry.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig- '■
urps at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, if any. the
cmrunt of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
End hundredtfcs during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, r.r a ltd lines, connect points of equal ,
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is urually preceded and accompanied i
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually !
first appear on thp Washington coast. When
th» pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and F'-'ith al^nsr the coast, rain Is probable;
bat wh»n the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia c^ast. warmer weather may be expected 1
In rummer and colder weather In winter. The j
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
H2ith Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 4. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. S°;ison. Season.
Eureka Trace 19. 1S 20.03
Red Rluff 0 7.24 17.46 '
Sacramento 0 5.62 13.97
San Francisco 0 6.40 15.72
Fresno 0 2.31 7.40
San Luis Oblspo 0 2.96 14.64
Los Angeles 0 3.77 11.00
San Diego 0 3.32 7.80
Yuma 0 1.26 4. 51
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62: minimum, 44: mean. SS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twelve hours over the northern por
tion of the Pacific Coast. It has risen rapidly
ever the upper Missouri Valley. An area of
high pressure overlies the Rocky Mountain and
Plateau regions. A Btorm of moderate energy
appears to be developing off the coast of Wash
ington.
The temperature has risen over the central
coast of California. Elsewhere west of the
Rocky Mountains It has remained nearly sta
tionary.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh Island, 26 miles per hour
from the east; Fort Canby, 34 southeast; Yuma,
26 north.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Feb. 5, IS9S:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
showers along tho northern coast; northerly,
changing to southeasterly winds
Southern California— Fair Saturday; westerly
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
with Increasing okmdiness and unsettled con
ditions in the afternoon and night; northerly
changing to southeasterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tajnalpais taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind northeast, 12 miles;
temperature, £3; maxim"m. 56.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Loral Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. The remarkable buoy
ancy of a few special stocks lifted to-day's
stock market out of a slough of depression and
closed the day with net gains, although there
were a few losses In 1 •xcej'ttor.a! com*. . N»t
changes were small IB the general Us;, bet the
, gains in r the -111 tie triMio of loh'Ms -\->re »x
i traordinary. The Erie stock showed the effect
of some unusual demand at the opening of the
market an.i the -first- preferred ended with a
■ lain of over 2 i>c.i:i'£. Concealed In some way
1 with this was the mevement in ' Susquehanna
and Western, which gained in force as the day
advanced. Tl-o preferred showed a gain of four
points on the l&st transactions, . the common
■ stock of V>i. Thtre wit nothing In the' news
of the day U> explain these movements. The
Vanderbilt stocks held the center of the stage
• on account of the articii of the New York Cen
• tral directors In aul}. -nzing an issue of $100,
• 000.000 co.lateral r;^. re: cent bonds to effect a
consolidation with tic Lake Shore. ■ The for
mulated plan closely agrees with the announce
ments which have been made. A quotation for
■ the new bonCs,'- when issued, Fas promptly es
tablished on the exchange, 95 being bio and 97
asked. The price of Lake Shore and of : New
York Cen'.ril wavered somewhat : In <■ the'; face
.of the ■ profit taking ion . the ' announcement,
which has been tniply discounted. But Michi
gan Central bounded up buoyantly over 4 points
en the belief that it we iilu ultimately be In
cluded In the ccnsoUdntldi In progress. Canada
Southern ulso benefited t< the extent of over a
point. Xo-folic and Western is up about I
points and whs bought largely In this marKet
to-day for L< ndon account. This stock was
aiTer.ted by Use reported authority granted to
it to construct a branoi; through "V irglma to
I Washington and by the general improvement In
its financial condition. Great Northern pre
ferred advanced an additional point this morn
ing, but reacted then 2 points to 160, and at the
close quoted 155 bid and 159 asked. Manitoba,
the subsidiary company, jumped 5 points to 13<>.
The late strength of the market brought a
number of gains in the general list up to about
a point and reduced or wiped out declines n
a number of stocks that had shown early
heaviness, notably Manhattan, Baltimore and
Ohio and . Union Pacific- preferred. A feature
of the day was the continued advance In for
eign exchange, based on the easy tone of the
money market. , _ ,
there was no very noticeable falling off In
the activity of the bond market. No very Im
portant gains were shown,- but prices were
firmly held. Total sales, 16,630,800.
United' States new 4's were hi bid.
Total sales of stocks ' to-day, 291.200 share*,
! Including: Baltimore and Ohio. 3315; Canadian
I Pacific. 7425: C. and 0.. 5595: Burlington. 13.5.»;
D. and R. O. preferred. 3915; Erie preferred.
I0.SS1; Lake Shorp. 3141; L. and X.. 5320; Man
hattan. 13.962; Michigan Central. 6477; Reading
! preferred. 3670; Missouri Pacific. 6330; New
! York Central, 14.450; Northern Pacific. 51.106;
do preferred. 21.435; Rock Island, 3397; St.
Paul. 13.451; Union Pacific. 20,335; Tobacco,
; 3650; General Electric, 4840; Pacific Mall. 3950;
j American Sugar. 43"6; Western Union. 6308.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12* St P & Om 73%
Do pref 31 I Do pref 148
! Bait & Ohio 17%' St P M & M 130
Canada Pacific .. S7M. So Pacific 20
: Canada Southern. 56% So Railway 9
< Cent Pac 14 Do pref 31.*
Ches& Ohio 24 1 Texas & Pac... 11%
Chi & Alton 165 4 Union Pacific .... 34%
; Chi B & Q 100% U P D & G 8%
: Chi & E lii 64Vi Wabash 7%
iC C C St L 36*; Do pref 18%
Do pref 60 ..Wheel & L E.... 2%
i Del & Hudson.... 113 ! Do pref 13
Del L & W 156% Express Companies—
Den & R G 13 Adams Ex 162
Do pref 50% i American Ex 119
Erie( new) 16% 1 United States ... 42
Do Ist rref .... 41 ; Wells Fargo .... 114
I Ft Wayne- 169 ! Miscellaneous —
iGt Nor pref .... 155 A Cot Oil 21%
I Hocking Val .... 6% Do pref 76 1 ,
i Illinois Cent 106 Amn Spirits .... S%
i Lake Erie & W.. 16% Do pref , 2 1 Vi
j Do pref ...'. 70% Am Tobacco S9 ■
Lake Shore 193% Do pref 114
Louis & ..ash 59% People's Gas .... 97 7
Manhattan L .... 116% Cons Gas 191%
Met St Ry 147 Com Cab Co 175
Mich Cent 111% Col F & 1r0n.... 21
Minn & St L.... 25% Do pref .: 70
I Do Ist pref .... 86 Gen Electric .... 37%
Mo Pacific 33% Illinois Steel .... 52%
; Mobile- & Ohio.. 31* Laclede Gas .... 43%
Mo X & T 13% Lead 35%
Do pref 40 j Do "ref 108 V;
CM lnrl & L 94 Nat Lin Oil IS
Do pref 33 Or Imp Co 29%
' X J Central 96% Pacific Mall 32
X V Central lls'i Pullman Pal 176 1
N V Chi &- St L. 14% Silver Cert 56%
Do Ist pref .... 73 Ptand R & T.... 4
Do 2d pref 35Vi ; Sugar 138
[ Nor West 15% ! Do pref 113
I No Amer Co 57»5 7 » C & Iron 26
No Pacific !7'4 U S Leather .... 7
Do pref 65%! Do pref. 66%
■ Ontario & W.... l* U S Rubber . 16%
i Or R & Nay 52 ! Do pref 92 1 *
! Or Short Line 24% West Union <■•>*■+
; Pittsburg 16.x C & X W 126
1 Reading 223; Do pref _ 167
Do Ist pref 53% St L & 8 \v 4%
Rock Island .- 93 ■ ! Do pref 10
St L & S F 7% R G W 22
Do Ist pref 57 7 Do pref _ *5
Do 2d pref .... 26*, Chi G W 13%
i St Paul 95"i Haw Com C 0.... 33%
Do pref 143*; i
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 12S%[X J C fis.' JI4U
Do coup IS'! N Carolina 6s 125
V S 4s 11314 Do 4s 104
Do coup 114% No Pac lsts U6',A
Do 2ds 100 Do 33 .- >■?'■'.
VS 5a reg 113% Do 4s <.■:- .
Do 5s coup — US- N YC& St L 4s. 107
District 3.65s 117 Nor &■ W63 125
Ala class A MM ' Xorthwstrn cons. 142%
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 117
Do C 100 0 Nay lets.... 115
Do Currency ... ISO O Nay 4s 96%
Atohison 4s 93% O B Line 6a tr... 125"..
Do adj 4s eiVilO B Line :- tr.. 100
Can So 2ds 110% O Imp lsts tr.... 112%
Chi Term 87 Do 5s tr 6°
C & Ohio Es 116 Pacific 6s of 53.. 104
C II & D 4%5.... U4'« H *.i W 15t5...... 84%
D & R G lists.... W9% 81 L <v I M C ss. 93
D & It G 4b 9." 4 M, & S F G 65.. 120
East Term lsts.. 107 St P Con 140V4
; Erie Gen 6s 72" St P C & P lsts.. 120
1 F W & D lsts tr. 74 Do 5s ;.. 116
I Gen Elec 5s 100% So Ry r, 8 '.. 93%
! G II & 8 A 65.... 103 , Stan R & T 65.. 57
Do 2ds 104 ' Term new set 3s. 87
I H & T C os 110 IT & P L G lsts.. 100%
; lowa C lsts 99% Do rg 2ds 33^4
Kan P Con tr.... 11l Union Pac lsts... 1274
Kan P Ist D tr.. 127 jU P D & G lsts.. 55 *
La new cons 45.. 102 5*5 * Wab Ist 5s 109%
L& N Unt 45.... 88% Do 2ds Bo£
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 109%
M X & T 2d5.... 65U Va Centuries .... 70%
Do 4.x 91 14 Do deferred ... 3"
X V Cent lsts.... 117%
MINING STOCKS.
Thollar ......." 20 Ontario :. 2 50
frown Point 21 Ophir 45
Con <.'al & Va 90 Plymouth 08
Deadwood i<o Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 30! Do pref 250
Hale & Norcrß.. 125 Sierra Nevada .. 30
Homestake ....... 37 00 Standard . .. 150
Iron Sliver 40 /Union Con 35
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket ... SO
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Feb. 4.— Atchisnn, 12 T s: Bell Tele
phone, 267; Burlington. 100%; Mexican Central,
svi; Oregon Short Line, 14%.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
market here was quiet to-day. The feature
was a sharp rise In Grand Trunk and Cana
dian Pacific on cables reporting the outbreak
of a rate war. This is disbelieved here, it be
ing understood that the dispute merely refers
to small sections of line, while the Grand
Trunk Is understood to he willing to submit
any question of rates to arbitration. Erlea
were bid for here on reports of a dollar divi
dend In Erie preferred. The other markets
were featureless.
The dearth of American bills continues and
cables report that fully $40,000,000 worth Is
held in banks in New York.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. FLOUR-Receipts,
ir,l2S barrels: exports, 7731 barrels. Steady, but
quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 50,557 bushels. Spot,
firm: No. 2 red, Jl 03%. Options were up and
down over a narrow range all day. After a
firm opening on cables the market declined
sharply under big Northwest receipts and
short selling by bears, who wore finally scared
in by heavy export transactions, rumored at
70 loads at all ports. The close was firm at
H@%c net advance. No. 2 red, May, 96 7-16®
&6>*c, closed 96% c.
HOPS— Steady. :
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— WhiIe the market for Plgiron war
rants remains very dull, the rest of the Metal
list shows some Improvement. The New York
Metal Exchange reports the closing to-day as
follows:
PIGIRON— very dull at $6 45®6 60.
LAKE COPPER— at $10 95@11.
TlN— Firmer at $13 90@13 95.
SPELTF.R— Firmer at $4(34 10.
stronger at $3 60@3 65. The firm that
fixes the nettling price for miners and smelt
ers quotes Lead at $3 45.
COFFEE — Option.B closed steady, with prices
5 points higher to 5 points net lower. Sales,
19,250 bags, including March, $5 75. Spot Coffee
—Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Job
bing, 6%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 8%@15c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm, held higher; fair refin
ing. 3 9-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 11-16 c; re
fined, steady. ■ : •
BUTTER— Receipts. : 2500 1 packages. . Firm ;
Western creamery, 14V»@21c: Elgins, 20c; fac
tory. ll<Bl4c.
Receipts, 5600 packages. Firm; State
and Pennsylvania, 19c; Western, lS%c. " - -"'■'
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4— California Dried
Fruits, steady. •- ■ ■■- •■ _ ■■;..■■
EVAPORATED APPLES— B@7%c;
prime wire tray. ; BV4c; wood dried prime, Bsc;
choice, B%jc: fancy, 9@9%0.
PRUNES— 3® Be.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 6%@7Hc; Moorpark. 9©
He.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7@loc; peeled, 12@20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
i CHICAGO, Feb. Opening trades in ; May
wheat were at from to -He over yesterday's
closing figure, May ranging all the way from
94 vie to'9s%c,' In different parts of the pit,
quite a good trade at those figures. -The mar
ket was helped by the 'unexpected advance
of %6 at Liverpool, -where a decline was look
ed for. It was supposed this strength was due
to the falling off In Argentine shipments, ex
ports from that country, last week being but
672.000 bushels or nearly 200,000 bushels under
those of the week • before. , Traders here looked
for figures close to the' million mark and the
shortage was ' a , pleasing >. surprise ? to : holders
Notwithstanding this Liverpool strength the
market for a time after the opening appeared
to be in the control of the bears. The Kansas
; crop was very favorable and there was an
early Vie drop at St.' Louis. The effect of : this
was that inside of thirty minutes the Liverpool
advance was • disregarded . and prices declined.
May selling at 94V»c about 11 o'clock. . A fea
ture .• which . had a i tendency ; to increase - the
weakness was early figures on the L visible sup
ply, Indicating a „ rather small decrease next
week. . Before noon - the ' market began sto re
cover. 1 At bottom prices brokers for the Letter
interests commenced bidding, , and - aided by a
lot of ; late i bullish i new? and ' marked I strength
In provisions • and :. the ■ coarser grains. : • started
an upward movement which carried ■ the May
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1893.
price to 9"ic. Closing cables ; were firm and
showed substantial advances. May closed firm
at 9S%C ;•-'; ■ . ■ ■ - -- ' - - ■■„ ■■. ' ■ '; '■ ,■ '• ■
Corn was moderately active and firm. May
closed Me higher. r ' . ■„ »,»,
Oats were very strong and May sold at the
top price of the crop, 24% c. The close was %
@%c higher at 24% c. : ■ '
•Provisions sold at the highest prices of, the
season. The market early was weak on the
decline in hog prices and on commission house
realizing. Shorts were free buyers. May pork
and lard closed 7%c higher, and May ribs 5c
The ieading futures ranged as follows:
( 'i
Articles— Open. High. Uow. Close.
Wheat No. 2— 9S
i; bb y ruanr :•::::::::::: %au aU-3**
Sy ::::::::... 54% 54% &3% 84%
Corn No. 2—2 — . „„
fiy ::::::::... 30% 30% 30% • 30%
ray!!.?:?:,?!:.:.: 24^ 24H m/ M-
ulv :.::::.: 23 23 22-4 23
Mess Pork, per bbl—
[ay 10 15 10 30 10 07% 10 27%
uly 10 20 10 37V4 10 17V4 10 37V4
Lard, per 100 It>s— 490 497* JwVfjS
[ay 490 4 97 4 4 S7H * "Hi
uly i 600 505 4 97« i 605
Short Ribs, per 100 rbs—
[ ay 500 610 4 97% 610
ulv :."."..... 500 5 17% 505 5 07%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
barely steady. No. 2 spring wheat, 91^93c;_No.
5 spring wheat, S6<T;93c; No. 2 red. 98c; NO. 2
corn. 27% c: No. 2 oats, 24Vi@24%c; No. 3 white,
f. o. b., 25%@260; «No. 2 rye, |7c: No. 2 barley,
29#3Sc: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 24%: prime timothy
•seed. $2 80: mess pork, per bbl., $10 20@10 25;
lard, per 100 lbs., $4 87%; short 1 ribs sides
(loose), $4 90@5 25; dry salted shoulders (box
ed), $4 7505; short clear sides (boxed). $6 25®
6 35: whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal.,
$1 18%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 6.000 . 6.000
Wheat, bushels 81.000 16.000
Corn, bushels 284.000 131.000
Oats, bushels 193.000 208.000
Rye. bushels 4.000 ; 7,000
Barley, bushels 21.000 17,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: creameries. 13@19c; dairies,
ll@17c; cheese, quiet, S@B%c; eggs, steady,
fresh, 15% c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 232..1C0 28,500
Iniluth 61,173
Milwaukee „.. 31.850 6.850
Chicago 30.700 16.051
Toledo 23.179 10.000
St. Louis 11.000 6.000
Detroit :. 16.586
Kansas City 44.000 25,000
Totals .453.048 100.401
Tidewater — ■*■*;,' > l -\
Boston 10,500- $7,749
New York &0.873
Philadelphia 25.374 2.533
Baltimore 39,034 16.000
New Orleans 189,000
Totals 125.753 295.302
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening *. 6180 53 35
Closing 61 90 59 60
Flour—
Opening 28 80 27 70
Closing 28 80 27 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
?? Max. May. July. Sept.
Opening '. 7 BVi 7 4 7 1 6 SV4
Closing ■• 7 % 74H 71% 6 6
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— CATTLE— The range of
prices for common to the best lots of beef
steers was from $4 to $5 25, sales being largely
at $4 25@5. A good many fed Westerns sold
at $4@4 95, stockers and feeders $3 6094,60.
Calves were scarce and the best grades sold
as high as $7. . ■\'''" r^''"S-^
HOGS— Sales . were at an extreme range of
$3 6T.®4, the bulk being at $3 UHOI 92V4. Pigs
sold largely at $3 55(g3 SO.
SHEEP— Trade in sheep and lambs was
brisk at $4 70®5 25 : for yearling sheep, $4 75"??
a 90 for poor to prime lamb? and $3 25Q3 75 for
Inferior to strictly choice sheep, ewes fetch-
Ing $I^4 85. Fed Western sheep comprised the
bulk of the receipts and sold chiefly at $3 85
(04 en. ■•' < i -
Receipts— £300; Hogs, 22.000: Sheep,
soco. ■■■■'-•'■-•'; i-.-v '■':•:%■
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 4.-CATTLE— Receipts,
official, 3000 natives; 200 Southerns,- ■ Choice na
tives, strong; Western grades and stockers and.
feeders, active and steady; cows and heifers.
steady to 10c higher; Texas and Indian cattle,
5c higher. $3 50®3 35; Western steers, $3 50@
4 66; Western cows. I- 2C'g:> 40; native steers,
$3 7606; bulk, $4 4004 90; native cows and heif
ers. $2 25@4 25; stockers and ' feeders, $3 25®
4 80; bulls, $2 50154.
HOGS— Receipts, 13,700. Market opened
steady to strong-; closed,' steady to 5c lower.;
Hulk of sales, $3 65!g3 SO; heavies, $3 6st?6 95;
packers, $3 65<8'3 92%: mixed. S3 60@3 90; lights,
$3 40@3 75: yorkers. $3 70©3 75; pigs, $3 3(><?/3 70.
i'.KP— Receipts, official. ■ 36fK). ■. Market ac
tive and strong. Western, $3 oO@4 60; Mexican
ewes and stockers, active; lambs, active, $4 50
'n'j 50.
OMAHA. ■ I f.;v
OMAHA, Feb. CATTLE— Receipts, 1400.
Market steady; native beef steers, $3 70<{; 4 h0;
Western steers, $3 60<s?4 40: Texans. $3&3 70;
cows and heifers, $3'«3 90: canners, - $2©2 90;
stackers and feeders, $3 70®4 SO; calves, -$4<96;
bulls and stags. II 25f&2 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 5400. Market steady; heavy,
$3 C7®3 77; mixed. $3 70@3 75; light, $3 70@3.50;
bulk of sajes, $3 70<g3 75. ;;-•
SHEEP— Receipts. 2600. Market steady to
stronger; fat to choice natives, $3 70^4 40; fair
to choice Westerns. $3 GO® 4 25; common and
stock sheep, »3!§3 90: lambs, $4 2a@s 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, Feb. 4.— Cattle— Receipts, 300.
Market steady to firm. Beef steers, $3 606
4 25; cows, ?s@3 60; bulls, stags, etc.. $2<ff3;
stockers and feeders, $3 85<@4 50, freight paid to '
river.
Receipts, 150. Market steady. Light
packers. $3 65@3 75; mixed packers, $3 60@3 70;
heavy. $3 6001 65. • _ ' _
Sheep—Receipts, 300. Market steady. De
mand good on muttons. Prime native muttons,
$3 7504 30.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. ■ 4.— The- wheat market
continues in such condition that It Is a diffi
cult matter to make an accurate quotation.
All sorts of prices are being paid, buyers being
governed entirely by their individual needs, the
range for Walla Walla being from 73c to 75c.
Valley and blue stem are not In as good de
mand at the , usual difference In price and
77c was the top quotation for those grades to-
Cleared — British ship Llnlithgowshlre,
Queenstown, 22.259 barrels, of flour.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 4.— Wheat— un
changed. No. 1 Club, 73c; No. 1 Blue Stem, 76c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Feb. 4.— Exchanges, $404,518;
balances, $58,173. -■ "~ ' .
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb. 4.— Consols, 112%; Silver,
26 l-16d; French rentes. 103f 52»/4c.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. Wheat, firm; No 1
standard California Wheat, 375; cargoes off
coast buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage," easy for white, quiet for red; English
country markets, .quiet; -. French country mar
kets, easy; Wheat in Paris, .firm; Flour In
Paris, firm. -
COTTON— Uplands. S 7-32 d.
FINANCIAL REVIEW. «
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— Bradstreet's financial
review to-morrow will say: Irregularity has
prevailed to a considerable extent in the . ac
tion of the stock market for the past • week. ,
A strong undertone asserted Itself in the specu
lation, and at concessions there was a very
good public demand for stocks. At the same
time the impression was created that in some
cases the rise In prices had gone as far as ex
isting, circumstances , warranted, ; and . that a
larger class of speculators had realized, leav
ing stocks In the hands of the public, a con
dition which is proverbially productive of liqui
dation. On the other hand, various portions of
the list which had heretofore taken a decided
part In the • advance . were strong and active,
some of them, notably Reading and the coal
stocks, contributing materially | toward keeping
up the bullish spirit of the general market. A
favorable impression was created ; at the be
ginning of the week by ' the prompt and ■ em
phatic rejection of the Teller resolution in. the
House, while the interruption ,of telegraphic
communication with the Eastern States was to
some extent felt by the market.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
, NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— Bradstreet's to-morrow
will say:, 'Severely 'cold \ weather, accompanied
by high winds and heavy ; snow. ' has been a
feature . exercising considerable ; Influence upon
the movement and distribution of . staple goods
this week.'. The Northern and : Western : States
appear to j have felt the effects iof ,• the ' storm
most severely. In spite of this interruption of
business,; a ' satisfactory : trade for the ; season
Is reported ;In ; most ; lines, with : special ' activity
reported in the iron and steel trades and kin
dred lines. ; In the East the distribution of dry
goods and wool . has - been checked and . the
movement of ! produce greatly ■ interfered with '
but the tone; of the cotton goods situation If
anything. Improved. In the Middle States and
in the Central West the movement of iron into
consumption is still ; very large, : but nervous
ness as to possible overproduction affects that
market. Steel is • slightly lower ; at • the • East ■
but firmly held at Chicago, which also reports
advances In Iron bars, wires and nails. West
ern mills will not agree to deliver steel : rails
billets or rods on new orders before July 1. . In
the Northwest better trade ;is ' reported, and '
cold weather -J has helped \ the ;. distribution ; ; of
seasonable goods. , At the South trade is re
ported : improved * at . several • important ■ centers,
and the total of January business is said to be
above the average. Alaskan business on the
Pacific Coast is still very active, but export
trade In cereals Is small. Rain Is needed in
California or crops will be considerably short
ened. Steadiness in prices has been a feature
of the week, the only decrease noted being
in wheat, corn and flour on a speculative reac
tion and In lead, while the prices of oats, pork,
beef and coffee are higher.
The export movement of cereals shows a
heavy falling off for the week, but is still
ahead of the same week of preceding years.
The total shipments of wheat, flour Included,
amount to 3.433,794 bushels, against .->,026.000
bushels last wei-k 3 168 000 bushels in this
week a year go 2,907.000 bushels In 1896. 2.020
000 bushels In 1595 and 2 678,000 bushels In 1R93.
Business failures though slightly larger than
last week, numbering 295. against 2SS the week
before, are little above the normal. They com
pare with a total number falling in the corre
sponding week of 1897^0f 305, in 1896 of 333. In
1895 of 293. and In 18940f 336. The total num
ber falling in the first week of February, 1893,
was 233.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— The following table,
compiled by Hradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-seven cities for the week ended
February 4, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
'ng week last year: ppr Cent
Inc. Dec.
New York $ 961.730.20S 8».7
Boston 106 211.586 6.8 •■••
Chicago 96 1(49,924 2«.4
Philadelphia 7:, 223,073 l° s ••••
St. Louis ... 27 335,040 8.9 •••■
Pittaburg 17,378,683 l!>-0
Baltimore 17,622.403 ••••
San Francisco .'.'.'. IG,6M.O'»S 23.8
Cincinnati U. 591.617 13.5
Kansas City 10,434,872 3'J . 4
New Orleans 10 229,142 19.1 ••••
Minneapolis 7,347,639 31.2
Detroit 6.830.181 33.4
Cleveland 7 011.253 V.l .•••
Louisville 5.1i'7.430 32.7
Providence 4 807.503 — i-«
Milwaukee 6.831.007 26.9
St. Paul 3.4^.604 21.6
Buffalo 3 988,178 8.0
Omaha 6,067.477 23.8
Indianapolis 4,433,6(6
Columbus, 0 4,540,700 41.0
Savannah 3,855. 466 I s - 5
Denver 3 135,96j 8.3
Hartford 2,253.2113 •••• «•'
Richmond 2.545,264 4.8
Memphis :i,725,5:-« 97.0
Washington 1.848.571 9-5
Peorla 1/.74.242 2.4
Rochester 2.148.997 20.4 ....
New Haven 1,617,457 4 - 9
Worcester 1431.620 8.7 ....
Atlanta 1.568,141 ».8
Salt Lake City.... 1.426.W6 63.1
Sprlngtteld. Mass.. 1.523,028 2.9
Fort Worth 1.544,840 10-i
Portland. Me 1.1f.5.914 1.9
Portland. Or 1.964.884 72.2
St. Joseph 1.219,101 5.9
Los Angeles 1.301.303 30.8
Norfolk 915.887 12.8
Syracuse 1,055,143 l<-!>
Dcs Molnes 981,831 4.7
Nashville 1,887,3*1 17.5 ....
Wilmington, Del.. 680,466 8-'!8 -' !
Fall River 862.355 8.7
Scranton 943.817 62
Grand Rapids 876.030 35. S
Augusta, Ga 934.804 l»-»
Lowell 591,792 4.0
Dayton, 0 685,758 0.0
Seattle 1,492.776 304.3
Tacoma nn 1 J
Spokane 691,856 3.>.7 ....
Sioux City 884.813 18.2 ....
New Bedford 370.533 .... 41.1
Knoxvllle. Term... 667.226 13 1
Topeka 477.703 39. S
Birmingham 418.942 40.2
Wichita 4<-7.232 62.9
Hlnghamton 864,200 23.8
Lincoln 335.33S 14.0
Lexington, Ky 342.135 27.1 ....
.Jacksonville, Fla.. 227.688 ■■•- 6.j
Kalamazoo 248.912 3.7 ....
Akron 234,7* ••-. 3.6
Bay City 84.M8 44.4
Chattanooga J86.0M 2*-6
RoCkfOrd, 111 146.109 23.7
Canton. 0 168.800 36-5 ....
Springfield. 0 179.457 ••■• 4.2
Kfirgo. N. D 149.88S IR-5
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 110.625 175.0 ....
Hastings. Neb 94,766 • ■• t'.O
Fremont, Neb 173.158 147.1
Davenport 930,441 2^-3
Toledo ].>1.371 4.8
Gatveston 6,237,500 54.8 ....
Houston 6. r C3,im 32.4
Waco 831.000
Youngstown 320,015
Totals. U. S 51.470.300.52S 40.6
Totals, outside of
New York 508.570,620 14.7
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal * 1!.-4'...T7! 53»
Toronto 5.3i)7-..'122 24.0
Winnipeg 1.378,067 34.5
Halifax 1.143.807 1.8 ....
Hamilton 649,347 .... 21.3
St. .John, N. 8.... 432,997 ■••• !'■»»
Totals J 26,461,711 34. S
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Feb. *— It. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade Tvlll say in Its Issue
to-morrow: Actual payments through clear
ing-houses in Jam: iry made a remarkable
showing, being much larger than in any pre
vious month, 36 3 per cent larger than the
-ame month last year and 7.1 per cent larger
than in 189 S. The failures In January were
■m&ller than In any previous year of which
there Is record, and were probably smaller
than in any other January elnce ISSI. The
statement by branches of business given
this week shows a surprising gain in most
departments of manufacture and trade. Mean
while th>> money morket is as confident aa ever;
gold does not come from Europe in large
amount only because bankers find it worth
while to lend money abroad, and the balances
are heavily in favor of the United States.
Perhaps the most striking feature of the
week has been the decline in wneat. With ex
ports of 3.UU4.517 bushels, against 1,770,546 last
year, flour included, from Atlantic ports, and
776,840 from Pacific port* against 443,000 last
year, the temper of the market has been
weaker. The report of the agricultural de
partment has had some influence, although its
figures are not generally credited as reliable.
The wheat market has turned largely upon the
operations of a Chicago speculator, but the fact
remains that the price depends largely upon
foreign needs and upon the comparative scar
city of American supply.
The Iron and steel manufacture is steadily
gaining in consumption of pig Iron, although
the production of the material Is still In ex
ceßS of immediate demand, but not enough to
cause a decline in prices in Ptttsburg or Chi
cago. Even the Southern producers are able to
get a fair price at Chicago and at the East,
and anthracite pig Is unchanged. The demand
for finished products has been very heavy and
includes for structural work 5000 tons for the
State Capitol building in Pennsylvania, 4000
tons for the courthouse at Denver, 3000 tons
for elevated railways at cnicago and numer
ous small buildings in various parts of the
country. The demand for car building has
been very heavy, both at the East and West,
and the plate demand Increased at the East
on account of orders from shipyards. For
plates the demand from tlnplate works has
been very active. The prospect of a combina
tion of wire manufacturers has stimulated the
demand and raised the price for wire rods.
Tin 1h quiet and steady at $13 Bfi, with a vis
ible supply February 1 of 31,12f» tons, against
32.333 a year ago. Exports of copper in Janu
ary were about 10,225 tons, against 9066 last
year, and the price Is held at lie for Lake.
There Is a better demand for cotton goods
since the ren^ral stoppage of works at the
East, but there is no Indication ns yet of ma
terial gains ns respects unsold stocks on hand.
In woolen goods the demand is altogether
more satisfactory, an advance of about 20 per
cent being paid on most grades of the finer
woolens and worsted, and nearly all the mills
are active. The sales of wool at the three
chief markets were 6,361.400 pounds, of which
3.973.000 were domestic, against 13,563,700 last
year, of which f r3,400 were domestic.
Failures for the week were 335 In the United
States, against 311 last year, and 39 In Can
ada, against 03 last year.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — 14 83%
Sterling Cables ...................... — 4 S6
New York Exchange, 5ight.:....... — 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 22%
Fine Silver, per ounce. — 60%
Mexican Dollars ... 46*4 : 47
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
• WHEAT— An advance ; at ; Chicago : produced
no effect whatever here, and trade ' remained
dull.- ,-••-. .■■■■■■.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: Jl 42%
for No. 1, Jl 43% for choice and »1 45@1 50 per
ctl for. extra choice for milling. ■
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May—
ctls,>Jl 40%; 14,000, $1 40. --. . -. ■-.., ... - .-...;
Second Session— May— l2.ooo ctls, $1 40%.
Regular Morning ' Session— May — 4000 etls,
$1 40*4; 10.000. %l 40H: 12,000, $1 40%. : December
—4000. Jl 34%: 6000, $1 34%. ;'-• '"■
Afternoon Session— May— ctls,- $1 4%; 46.
000, $1 40%.: December— $1 34%; 2000, *1 34%;
10,000. $1 34; 2000, $1 33 7 i. : -- •
' BARLEY— The tendency In futures was up
ward, but spot values were unaffected. •:.■-■••
Feed. Jl@l 02% for dark to good and $1 05 for
choice: brewing, $1 12%@1 17 % or " No. 1 and
$1 02*4@l 05 per. ctl; for dark Coast.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
. : Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— 2ooo ctls,
94% c; 14,000, 94% C. •'■•■ ' " ! " ■ ■
, Second Session— May— ctls, 95% c; 10,000,
96c. ~: :-.- '■' ■ ■-•--','••*"■.• .•' ■-''•" ■'■■• ■■ ■ ■''"• '■'■>-■'
Regular Morning May— 2ooo ctls.
95% c: 6000. 95Ue: 4000, 95% c; SOOO, 96c; SOOO. 95% c."
Afternoon May— «oo ctls, $140*4; 46,
4000, 95% c: 4000 Ps%c. : December— 2ooo, 96c. '
OATS— , Is nothing new to report. •: The
demand Is : fair. > - * •'.'•*■"
Fancy ■ feed, $1 22%@1 25 per ' ctl : good to
choice. .' |1 17V4@1 22%; common, $1 12V4@1 15;
Surprise, $1 25<S1 30; red. $1 35@1 43: gray, $1 15
©1 17%: milling. $1 17U@1 22%: black, for seed.
$1 35@1 50. Clipped Oats sell at Jl@2 per ton
, over the raw. product.' ..:'
,- ' CORN— Previous prices rule. '-'■ ■ ■ . •
; Small round yellow, $1 05@l 07V4 per ctl; large
yellow.v $1 OafSl 07%; ■ white, ■ $1 05@l 07%.
RYE— »I 05@l 07% per ctl. . r • • .
: BUCKWHEAT— JI 75@2.per ctl. ;
■ FLOUR AND (■ MILLSTUFFS.
The Chin* steamer took out 16,570 barrels
Flour. , .'.' * ! t.i: l sX-:-^' : --<\..,5 i U.%,-~'-\ f 7
FLOUR— cash prices are: ; Family extras,
$4 55@4. 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30@4 40 per bbl.
■ MILLSTUFFS— :in sacks are as fol
lows, ■; usual discount '■ to the ■ trade: Graham
Flour, per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5.75; Cornmeal. $2 25; extra cream
do, $3: Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4; Hom
iny, $3 10@3 30; Buckwheat, Flour, $4; Cracked
"Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat 1
Flour, $3 2.1; Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 25@5 65; In
sacks, $5 05fg5 45: Pearl Barley, $4; Spilt Peas,
'$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs. :•••;■;.:
■ -HAY. AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay ruled firm at the quotations. There Is
no change in Feedstufts.
: BRAN— S2O 50ig'21 50. • '.
MIDDLINGS— S22 50@25.
■ FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22'!?23 per
ton: Oilcake Meal . at , the mill. $2S 50@29 50;
jobbing:, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $19020; Cotton
seed Meal, $20@30-per ton: Corn Meal. . $23 50<i?
24 50: Cracked Corn. $24-325; Chopped Feed.
$lS(!il9.
HAY- (Ex-car in round Wheat, $16®
!8 50 per ton; Wheat and Oat. $16^17 &0; Oat,
$14 50@16 SO; Barley, $1:: 50@16; compressed.* $15
di 17 50; Alfalfa. $10 50*911; stock. $11@12 50;
Clover. $11 50^12 E0 per ton.
STRAW— 4O<S47Uc per bate.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans rule firm and Kayos have again ad
vanced. There Is no further rise In Pinks.
BEANS— Bayos. J3<S3 10; Small Whites, $1 35®
1 45; Large Whites, $1 30@l 40; Pinks,
$2 7991 80; Reds. $2®2 25; Blackeye. $2 40®2 50:
Butter*. $1 40@l 50; Llmas, $1 Cs@l 75; Pea,
$1 40©l 55 per ctl.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard. $3 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard, $2@2 60; Flax. $2@2 10; Canary Seed.
IKOtttc per It: Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape. 2@2%c;
Hemp. 3c; Timothy. 5V»c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles: $1 25; Green, $1 20®
1 40 per ctl. . -
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Prices for all descriptions remain about the
same. ' '/:-_
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65®7Ec; River Reds.
45'3 1 56 c; River Burbanks, 60@75c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks. 60c@$l;: Salinas Burbanks, 75c®
$1 10; Petaluma Burbanks, Eo@7sc; Sweet Pota
toes, ; 60c per ctl for Rivers and &o@Ssc lor
i Merced: new Volunteer Potatoes. — p«r lb.
ONIONS— $2 66491 75 per ctl; cut Onions, $2@
2 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Marrowfat Squash, $12015
per ton: Hubbard Squash. $12<3"15 per ton: Dried
Peppers. 3<&>loc per lb: Dried Okra, 15c; Cab
bage, Co@7sc per ctl; Carrots. 25<i7fi0c per sack:
Garlic, 3®4Hc per lb; Asparagus. 20c per IT.. ■
Los Angeles Green Peas, 6® 7c; String Beans,
20c; Tomatoes, 75c®jl &0; Green Peppers. VHm
25c per Ib; Summer Squash. Sc; Egg Plant, 25c
per Ib; Hothouse Cucumbers. $1<S?1 50 per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated. lfi®lSc; granulated raw.
13c: Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c: new, 18c;
Cabbage, , 30c: Rwert Potatoes, 30c; turnips.
25c: String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME. .
Eastern stock Is selling at $4 50 for Ducks,
$2 for Geese. $4 50(g4 75 for Hens and Young
Roosters, $3 50<fi4 for old do and $4 for Fryers.
There Is no particular change In local Poul
try, except Turkeys. Ducks and Geese.
Game continues In heavy supply and cheap.
POULTRY- zi ■'. ■'-. .
Live Turkeys, 10*?lle for Gobblers and 10@llc
for Hens; dressed Turkeys, 12@llc per rh;
Geese, per pair. $101 50; Goslings. $1 75® 2 50;
Ducks, f" 50@.1 for old and J.Vrffi for young;
Hens, $3«5'4; Boosters, young. $4#5; Roosters,
old, $3©3 50; Fryers, $4 50@5; Broilers, $4 60@6
for. large and $3@4 for small: Pigeons, $1 50*3! |
1 76 per dozen for young And 75c@$l for old.
GAME— per dozen, $1; Mallard, $2 50®
3: Canvashack. $3<g-4; Sprig. $1 GO: Teal. $1;
Widgeon, $1; Smaii Ducks, 75c: Gray Geese,
*:, White, 75c: Brant, $1; Honkers. $803 50;
English Snipe. $2: Jack Snipe, $1: Hare. 50@7;c;
Rabbits, $1 23@1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for
small. ,__
BUTTER. ■ CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter remains the same. Cheese is weaker
and In large supply. Eggs continue to shade
off. and the weakness Is -accentuated by the
arrival of a car of cold storage stock from the
East.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Creameries, 27f?27^c; sec- i
onds, 25ig26c.
I Choice to fancy, 22@25c; lower grades.
20© 21c per Vt>.
'Eastern Butter— Creamery, 22@24c; . ladle
packed, 17V£021c per It).
. CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10©llc: common
to good, S@9Vic: Cream Cheddar. 10<$llc: Young
America, llsTl2c; Western, ll@12c; Eastern,
12«@13%c per lb.
BOOS— Rand) Eggs, 22%«j24c per doz; store
Eggs, 21@22c: Eastern cold storage, 19c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The Orange auction resulted as. follows:
Navels, Queen Bee brand, $1 1593 15; .Royal
brand, $1 15<??1 85; Rancho brand,; sl@l. SO; Man
darins, 25@90c. " >-" : : ■-;.-*
The market shows no change whatever.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—*
Cranberries. $7<gS per bbl ; Coos Bay, $1 50®
2 per box.
Apples. 40'ff."0c per box for common, 65c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25 for fancy. '
• CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 25@
2 25; Seedlings. 50c©Jl: Mandarins, $1<&'1 50
for large and 65©75 c "for small boxes: Grape
Fruit, $2 Co@s per box: Lemons, 50c@$l for
common and $1 2r.'5'2 for cood to choice: Mexi
can Limes. $6fTt> 50: California Limes, in small
boxes, 50@60c: Bananas. $1 25@2 25 per bunch:
Pineapples, $3@4 per doz.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
The market Is lifeless again.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4}i
®i*ic for 40-50" s. 3%^4Hc for 50-Co's. 3Vi@3^c
for 60-70's. 2%<^3V4c for 70-SO's, 2>4@2%c Tor 80
90's, l%@2^c. for 90-100' s; Peaches. 3ia4%c; tan
cy, 6!gsV4c; peeled. 10®12%c; Apricots, G@6c for
Royals and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks;
evaporated Apples, 6Vi®7c; sun-dried, 4@4V4c:
black Figs, in sacks, 2<[T2%c: Plums. 4u,(54%c
for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; . bleached
Plums, s@sVic: Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears. 2M'?4 Itc1 tc for quarters and 3®sVic
for halves, according to color, etc. ■ ;. - X •
RAISINS— for two-crown, 3®3V4c for three
crown. S^i'ff^c for four-crown. nc for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes. 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are -quotable at S@loc per
lb; Walnuts. s(g6c for hardshell and 6©7 c for
softshell: Almonds, 2 1 / / 4 c fer hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell: Peanuts,
4(f?5%c for Eastern and 4Hc for California:
Pecans. 6H©Sc: Filberts. SUWIOc; Brazil Nuts,
S^c per lb: Cocoanuts, $4 50i@>5 per 100.
HONEY— New Comb. S@loc for bright and r>@
7c for lower grades: new water white extract
ed, 4'4@sc; light amber extracted, 3%@4',4c
per lb. .
BEESWAX— 23@2Sc per lb.
. PROVISIONS.
Lard Is firm at the advance and Bacon and
Hams are expected to go up any day. Trade
is more active than ever before known at this
time of the year. v;T : J
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B»4c per lb for
heavy. 9c for light medium. 10c for light, lO^c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured • Hams, 10%<j?Uc: California
Hams, 10c: Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra i
mess do, $10;, family do, $llfffl2; salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$18; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per
lb. . •■.-'."■
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at s>,ic per lb
for compound . and 6*ic for ■• pure: pails. . 7%c:
California tierces, sVic per lb for compound
and fiV4c for pure; half-barrels, 6V4c; - 10-lb
tins, 7V4c; do &-lb. 7?ic. .■•■•■
COTTOLENE— IIerces, 6T»®«Hc: packages,
less than 300-1 bs — 1-lb.pailß, 60 in a case, S7S 7
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 In a
case, SKc: 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, BHc; SO-lb
tins, one or two In a case, 7Hc; wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net, 7%c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7%c;
half-bbls. about 110 ibs.'T'.io per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are firm "at the advance. An Interest-
Ing account of the scarcity .in the East ap
pears at the head of this column. There Is no
change in Wool or Hops. -. « '-
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under ' sound : stock. ' Heavy salted steers.
10Hc per lb; medium. 9Hc; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9@9Hc: stags. 6c: salted Kip. . 10c: Calf,
lie; dry Hides, 17®17Hc; culls and brands. 13 1 * i
(S>l4c; dry Kip and Veal, 14(??15c: dry Calf, 18® '<
20c: - culls. - 16(g 17c; Goatskins, 20f?f37 / 4c each
Kids. &@10c: Deerskins,'- good- summer. 25@30c
per , lb: medium. 20c: winter, 10c: Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20;g:30c - each; • short wool. 40®70c
each; medium, i 70@90c; ; long wools, 90c@$l 30
each. .' . -- . .• :■■: ■. •. .« ?i ■ ■■■■ .. ■ - -.. . -.-,;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3(ff3«4c per lb; No.
2, 2@2>4c;. refined, sc: Grease, 2(9'2V»c. '"
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free, .10®
13e: do defective. ■ 10@lle:: San Joaquin, defec
tive. 7^9c:- Southern ' Mountain,. ■ 9®llc; free
Northern. ;: 12i?13c: ~do , defective. 9@llc: ■■•■ Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. IS'T'ISc; Eastern Oregon,
9{?>l3c: Valley Oregon. -16(JI>lSe. " .  : •
- . HOPS— crop. 2«?6o for poor to fair and 8
@10c for good; new crop. ll?Msc per lb.y
SAN FRANCISCO ; ; MEAT MARKET.
- .■-/■■- ■ - ■ ~ ■ '-,■■...■.-■
Mutton and Veal are higher and very firm.
A few Spring . Lamb are coming in and selling
at ' the ; quotations. > Hogs : are \ firmer again, as
will be seen. There Is no change .in Beef. v
Wholesale rates \ for . dressed :_ beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows: ... ;;, • - "
•= BEEF— First quality. 6'£i@:7c: second do,'sW-@
6c: third do. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— 6(?6V4c; small. 7@7Hc per lb.
-• MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7Msc; ewes, 6^4@7c
per Ib. '■■'■« '■ ■'.'■■ '■-.'■ '"■■'■. •--■ • ■.- ■. • <r. ■'. v- ; -
LAMB— Spring, 15c per lb. • . ■ ■-.;■'-
. PORK— Li Hogs. 4@4»/4c for large, 3y,®Z*i,c
for small and 3%<g3%c for medium ; soft Hogs,
dresßed. do. :sH®6c per ib. ..-,■- ■. : - ;■•
; GENERAL MERCHANDISE. /
; Calcutta Grain Bags, IS9B delivery..
s%@s^ic; .Wool Bags, ; 27@30c: i' The price of j San
Quentln made wheat ; bags . for the . new season
has been fixed at 5.30 c and single orders lim
ited to 6000. : ; r; v • • ;.■■.: ■■; -,■■■ ■'
<■ ' COAL— Wellington, $10; New Wellington, $10;
Seattle, $6 50: Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay, $5 75;:
Wallsend, % $9; ". Cumberland, ■ $10 ' In :;V bulk . . and
$11 50 In sacks; - Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$15; Cannel. $10 per ton: Rock Sprlnes. Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 6 ri ; L -ke, $12 per
ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
RlCE— Chinese descriptions have again ad
vanced. Chinese mixed, ?4 25<P4 30 per ctl: No.
1, $4 5«g4 Sll per ctl; extra No. 1. $5 10® 5 40;
Hawaiian. ?4 62!*:@4 75; Japan, $4 75<g5; Ran
goon, $4.
StXGAR— The Western Surqr Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6>4c; Dry
Granulated, 5-V: Confectioners' A. s«ic; Mag
nolia A. sVic; Extra C, sic: Golden C, sc:
Candy Granulated, 5%c: California A, 5%c; per
lb; half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes Vsc more.
COTTON— Exports continue heavy, the Cop
tic carrying ?38,000 pounds to Japan and 240,000
pounds to Shanghai.
• RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, February 4.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,410, Raisins, bxs 100
Wheat, ctls 4,340! Wool, bales 65
Barley, ctls 3,24". , Straw, tons S
Butter, ctls 102 ■ Hay, tons 472
Cheese, ctls 61 : Middlings, sks .. 340
Eggs, doz 9,150 Shorts, t^ks 50
Hides, no 35S Wool, bales 65
Pelts, bdls 105 'Buckwheat, sks.. 20
Lumber, ft 15.000 Onions, sks 69
Leather, rolls .. 87: Bran, sks 1,fi30
I.tirre, bbls 183 1 Beans, sks 2,750
Wine, gals 111,600 Potatoes, sks ... 744
Quicksilver, flsk. 167!
OREGON.
Flonr. -r ;ks ... 22.01& Onions, sks $27
Wheat, ctls 2.710 Bran, sks 4,910
Oats, ctls 10 Shorts, sks 1.031
Potatoes, sks .. 3,520 1
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Coal Is higher than last week, as will be
seen.
Butter Is rather cheaper. 'Eggs remain about
the same.
Meats of all kinds have a tendency to ad
vance.
Fruits and Vegetables sell at about the old
prices.
Fish Is scarcer.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton
Cannel ■ $ ©12 00 ! Castle Gate. 9 60® 10 00
Wellington . @12 00 Pleasant Val 9 60@10 00
New Welling- Southfleld
ton ©12 00 Wellington ©1200
Seattle 8 50© Coos Bay @ 7 75
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per ! Common Eggs ... 22%
. square 55©— |Panch Eggs, per
Do, per roll — @50i doz .....25@30
Do, good .'. 4.VJ? — Honey, comb, per >
Cheese, Cal 12015 lb ...' 12©15
Cheese, Eastern.. 15© 20 Do, extracted... B@lo
Cheese, Swiss 10010
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 12©17 Pork, fresh... 12@15
Beef, choice.. 12®15!Pork. salt 10®12
Do, good 8010 Pork Chops 12©15
Corned Beef 80— 'Round Steak S@lo
Ham, Cal 12^^151 Sirloin Steak. 12%@—
Do, Eastern - '<i r. Porterhor"«e, d0..17@20
Lard 12ig'l."> Smoked Beef — (815
Mutton —©10 Pork Sausages —420
Spring Lamb 20©25 Veal ......12®15
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, lb 'Lemons, doz 20&25
Apples, lb 5 Limes, doz.. — @15
Bananas, doz 15&20 i Oranges, doz . 1.1050
Cranberries, qf.. .123H5 Raisins, lb B@l2' /a
Cocoanuts, each.. 4© 6 I Walnuts, lb 15@—
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each.... 50® 65 j Hare, each.... & 20
Young Roost- Quail, doz ....125® I
era, each..... 60<g> 75 Mallard, pr.... 60©. 75
Old Roosters, Canvasb'k, pr'. 75@1 00
"arh Ml? m ! Sprig, pair 40©r,0
Fryers, each.. 50© 80! Teal, pair 35«40
Broilers, each. 3://? 40 ! Widgeon, pair.. 36040
Turkeys, pr lb IS© IS Small Duck, pr 3<"i©- —
Ducks, each.. 60© 75 1 Wild Geese, pr 50*g>
Geese. each — 1 LT.fi 1 73 1 English Snipe,
Pigeons, pair. IS® 40 1 doz 2 50©3 on
Rabbits, pair. @' 40 1 Jack Snipe, dz.l 25@1 50
Vegetables —
Asparagus, lb 25©50 Mushrooms,- It) 20©35
Artichokes, doz.?l<ft'l 25 Dried Okra, lb.. 'al'')a I )
Beets, doK.. 12®15 Onions, lb 4® 5
Beans, white, lb. 4© 5 Peppers, dried. ...loKJl2
Colored, lb 4^5 , Do,, green, 1b... 25036
Lima, lb t>H 6 1 Potatoes, lb ... 2-Tj 3
Cabbage, each.... 6010 Parsnips, doz ISOtO
Cauliflowers, each 5*7 10 Do. Sweet — 3
Celery, bunch ail— Radishes, 6z bchs.lo@l2 '
Cress, doz bchs... 1 Sage. ' lb ..2.".Q35
Green Peas, 1i... 12 ! String Beans, 1?>..3'©40
Green Peas. Ib...l2®lsj Thyme, Id 20^30
Lentils, lb W> 8 1 Turnips, doz 15@20
Lettuce, doz in© 25 i Tomatoes, lb 12©/15
Fish, per pound—
Barracuda 12015 Shad io©-'
Carp :■; f Sea Bass S©lo
Codfish SSI* Smelts SO—
Flounders ........ <">© - Soles B©—
Herring 60 C Skates, each 6010
Halibut —©15 Sturgeon 10©12
Klngflsh ...... 8010 Tomcod 12013
Mackerel 15© — Clams, ga1...;:...— 50
Do. Horse — ©— Do. hardshell,. 100.60©—
Pprch 8010 Crabs, each 12© '.'
Pompano $I©— Do. softshell, dz.2553. »
Rockfish 1301E Mussels, at ....... 10©12
Salmon, 1 smoked. .2o© — Oysters, Cal, 100.4f>©—
Salmon, fresh.. ..10© 12 Do, Eastern, d0z.25@40
Shrimps , S^lOf., ••. - .-.,-,- ■_>-; .--i ;
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were firmer and most of them
showed an advance of a few cents. Sales were
not heavy, however.
Tb,e total amount of ore crushed in December
at the De La Mar mine of Idaho was 4350
tors. The value of the bullion produced In the
mill was J3S.S2O. and the total Income was
$40,370. The expenses were $33,365, leaving a
profit for the month of $1005.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 40 cent per share to-day.
The annual meeting of the Standard Con
solidated Mining Company has been called for
February 13.
At the annual meeting of the Centennial-
Eureka Mining Company of Utah the old board
of directors was re-elected for IS9S, with J. F.
Woodman as president. Jacob E. Bamberzer
vice president and W. W. Chisholm treasurer.
This company has paid over $2,000,000 In divi
dends to date.
An electric plant is soon to be erected at
shaft No. 1 of the Brunswick lode for the pur
pose of lighting the mines and running the
fans which supply the lower levels with air.
It is the intention to light every station of
the shaft and aIFO the buildings.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle
for the week ending January 2'.t a large amount
of prospecting work continued to be done in
the Security, Moyle. Black, Main Standard,
Magulre and Fortuna veins on the 150, 190, 265
31S. 3SO, 470. 455 and ?S2 foot levels. Raise 2 in
the Moyle ledge, 150 foot level, has S inches of
$30 ore in the top. The stopes were yielding
fair to good ore in the usual amounts on the
150, 200, 245, 265. 31<i. 336, 2SO and 552 foot levels.
The general condition of the mine was im
proving.
Standard Mill statement— Ore crushed for the
week, 304 tons; average assay vanner tailings,
$6 95; ore concentrates produced. 3*4 tons; as
say value, $S5 86; plate amalgam produced.
S%l\ our.res; value per ounce, $2 73. The cam
shaft at the mill broke on January 29, causing
the hanging up of five stamps.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Se-slon— 9:3o.
100 Alta 16' 100 Mexican 22
400 17 ' 150 Occidental 135
100 IS 100 Ophir 52
100 Belcher 34*100 Potosl 27
400 Bullion 09,600 s 28
200 Chollar 25 100 Savage 13
100 Con Cal & Va.. 95 1400 Sep Pelcher.... 05
300 Crown Point ... 23 200 Sierra Nevada.. 105
200 Gould & Curry.. 32 100 110
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alta 20 300 Ophir 56
100 Belcher 34 i 100 Savage 14
2iiii Bullion 09 1100 Sierra Nevada. 1 10
200 Caledonia Vi 400 Standard 155
100 Chollar 23 200 Union ?on 45
200 Con Cai & Va.. 99 mo 46
400 Gould & Curry.. 33 100 X"tah ...^ 12
200 Justice 40.100 Yellow Jacket .. 31
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
500 Alpha 05:1500 Lady Wash... 02
600 06 T.OO Mexican 23
1200 Alta \ 17J900 24
300 19;200Ophlr 53
1200 20 ,1100 Overman 0b
500 Belcher 3.V600 Fotosl 2.S
600 34 300 Savage 14
200 Best & Belchr.. 46 ; 500 Scorpion 07
600 Bullion 08 SOO Sierra Nevada. .los
300 091400 1 07>4
200 Caledonia 20 .'OO 110
400Chollar 24 750- 112^
30* 25 300 115
300 Con Cal & Va.. 95 200 Union Con 43
fOO 9S 1200 44
200 99 . TOO 46
300 Crown Point ... 21 400 Yellow Jacket.. 32
700 Gould * Curry.. 32
•Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 2i;isoOphir 56
500 l'J 500 Overman 06
800 Andes ! IS 1300 Savage 14
300 14 300 S B & M 06 I
500 Belcher 34 200 Sierra Nev....l 12U I
300 Best & Belchr... 46 400 ! 10 j
500 Bullion 10 300 j 05 !
400 10 6*o Union Con 47
200 Chollar 23 500 4j
SOO'Coo Cal & Va.. 98 700 46
300 M 250 Utah „... j2j 2
400 Crown Point ... 23 500 Yellow Jacket 31
200 Gould & Curry.. 33 j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
_ — — FRIDAY, Feb. 4—4 p. m .
Bid. Ask. Bid \<=k
Alpha 06 06 Julia 01 —
Alta IS. 13 Justice 40 i>
Andes 12 13 Kentuck 04 05
Belcher 33 34 Mexican 23 24
Best & Belchr. 45 46 Occidental 165 _
Bullion OS 09 Opmr 54 56
Caledonia IS 20 Overman 06 07
Chollar 22 24 PotOSi 27 2S
Con Cal & Va. 98 lft; Savage 13 14
Challenge Con. 31 33 Seg Belcher.... 05 06
Con Imperial . . — 01 Scorpion 06
Owfidenee 73 — Sierra Nevada. l 05 110
Crown Point... 23 24 Silver Hill .... 04 05
Con New York. — 03 Standard 150 —
Eureka — 25 Union Con 45 4G
Exchequer 03 05 Utah 11 ]J
Gould & Curry. 32 33 Yellow Jacket. 30 32
Hale & Norcrs.l 60 1 65' .t?..U.... Mb nibmbb
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Feb. 4—2 p. m.
Bld.Asked. Bid.Asked.
U S Bonds— M E L C 0.... 15Vi 15ft
I4s quar coup..im4 — Oakland Gas., r.5% —
4s quar reg.. 112*4 — I*ac Gas 1m..93i454
14s quar new... 125 — Pac LCo 6(K 57^
Miscellaneous— B r G & E.. 96% 9614
j Cal-st Cab 55. 113 — San Fran 314 zv t
i Cal El L6s .12«>£ — Btockton Gas. 14% —
I C C Wat 55..^ — 103 , Insurance—
- Dup-st ex c. — »B^i Flrem's Fnd..197H —
E L & P 65.. 12S — Bank Stocks—
P & Ch Ry65.115 120 |Anglo-Cal .... (50 —
1 Gearj-st R 5-. — 102 IBank of Ca1.. 245 248
H C'& S 5V4..105 — ;Cal SD & T.. - 101
LAL Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ....200 —
Do gntd fis..Wo 101 ! Lon P & A.. 130 —
Market-st 65..125»4— Met Exchnge. — 15
I Do Ist H ss.H4\y*>Vi Nev Nat P.... 130 —
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Savings Bark -
N C ngßy 7s.lolVs — 'Ger S & I*-1500 _
'■ N Ry Cal 65.. 110 — | Hum S & L.1050 HSO
NRy Cal 55..1'i2 — Mutual Say. 3.", 40
iN C Ry 102 102% P F Say U.. — 485
INP CRy 65. 104% — F& 1. 50.... — 100
iN*P CRy 55. 100 — Security S B iSO —
! N Cal R 55... — 102 J Union T Co 950 _
j Oak Gas 55... 104 — Street Railroad—
Do 2d is 55.. 11 l 111% California ...I^,_
I Om Ry 6s — 130% Deary 40 _
!P & O fis 110 115 Market-st .... 53 r,3U
iP&Ch Ry 6s. — 111% -)ak S L o= H — _
' Powell-st fi5. ..119 — ;Presldlo 54 10
! Reno WU-L.. — 105 ' Powder-
: Fac Ele<-Ryss. — 100 Talifornla .... t'7%110
i S F& N P 6S.IO7HIOTH E Dynamite .. — SO
ISPof Ar 65..101%102 Giant Con Co. 39 —
j S P Cal 65.... 109%110% Vigorlt 3% 3%
RPC Ist eg ss. — 99*4 Miscellaneous—
SPBr 6s 110% — Al Pac Assn.. 95%100
S V Wat 65..119»i120V; Ocr Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat 4s. .102% — . H C & S To. 33% 34
Stock Gas 65.. 100 104% Hutch S F Co. 44V 4 44%
Water— ' Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Contra Costa. 54 56 ' Nat Vln Co .. — 7%
Marln Co .... 50 — Oc SCo 46^4 46\
Spring Val ... — 100^4 Pac A F .'.1.. 2 3
Gas &' Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 95 100
Cent Gaslight. 98% — ' Par Paint Co. 6^4 —
Capital Gas... — —
MORNING SESSION-10:30.
20 Alaska Packers' Association 99 00
20 Contra Costa Water 55 00
$1000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 103 00
25 Giant Powder Con 38 87%
25 do do 39 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 43 25
85 Mutual Electric Light 15 37^
55 Oceanic Steamship Co 46 50
5 Pacific Gas Imp 93 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 96 00
5 do So 95 S7V4
50 Spring Valley Water 100 00
15 do do 100 12%
Street—
$40,000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 50
5.000 do do 102 37%,
AFTERNOON SESSION.
125 Giant Powder Con 39 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 33-SO
25 Hutchinson S P Co 43 Z0
15 do do 43 57%
75 do do 44 25
65 do do 44 50
5 do do 44 62%
15 Oakland Gas 56 00
100 do do s 30 56 00
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 46 50
100 S F Gas A- Electric 96 00
100 Vigorit Powder 3 75
Street—
15 Paclllc Gas Imp 93 50
THE CALL CALENDAR.
February, 1898.
8
13
Mo
—
7
Tu.
1
Tu. We Th.
1 I 2 3
8 9 10
15 16 !17
i~22~j 23 24
Fr.
i
ii
•sa.
5
12
19
?
\*/
;_2l_
18
Feb. 14.
jjoj
27
M
.^v New Moon,
,V 5/ Feb. 20.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchar.g». is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
fre« of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit thu
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hnnd.
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can alwaj-s be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tp|»
(rraph Hill is hoisted about ten mln'jt^s bn'.ra
noon and Is dropppd at noon. 120 th nr.»r!d!an
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island. <:il.
A notice stating whethrr m*. time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning r>ap"rs the following
day. w. ? HUGHES.
Lieutenant. TJ. S. N.. In charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hycirosrraphlc • Office, "" U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San- Francisco, February
. 4. UK. , ... - ■: .- . ■ ■ ■<-,
The time hall on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c.. at noon of the
lli'th meridian, or at exactly 5 p. m.. Green
wich time. W. 8. HUGHES. .
• Lieutenant, U. S. 11.. in charge. ▲
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FEBRUARY-IS'JS.
Saturday. February 5.
Sun rises..... ■- 7:10
Sun sets v. . — .:....:...: — 5:83
Moon sets .v.v.v 6:22 p M
g!Tlrne! peet JTlme! Feet |TlmeL eet |Tlme Feet
all. Wl HW _ iL W 1 1H W
b ~*W 3.1 "10:0.'' 5.31 4:5 -0.3 77777
UWLW H W L W
B 0:07 4.X 4:4ri !.P 10:4s 5.2 5:2r —01
7 O:2S 4.8 5:2« 2.8 11:31 5.2 5:59 0.0
8 U:sl 4.9 6:14 2.1 12:15 6.2 G:3o 0 3
•I 1:1»| 5.01 7:01 L 8 1:02 4.9 7:12 08
10 1:44 5.1! 7:52! 1.4' 1:53! 4.6| 7:49| 1.8
£ Time
3 : r~~w
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tldea of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gtves tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundlntrs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the helehtanfl
then the number given Is subtractlve from th«
depth given by the charts.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Czarina......
Homer ...'..'.. "
Mncklnaw..;
8ri5t01........
Alliance, .'..v.,'
Burma
P0m0na.. . ...
City Puebia..
Are.at.% -.. ..
North Fork.. .
City of Para....
President .
State or Cai . .
Weeott ........
Santa Rosa. ...
Maripona
Walla Wa11a....
Coos Bay ......
Australia
Excelsior ......
C01um0ia. ......
->osßay Feb 5
•wport Feb 5
icoma • 'Feb 5
>parture Bay Feb 8
lnska Feb 5
.inatmo :.. Fob «
in Dle*o Feb ft
'Ictorla and Pufret Sound Feb 8
nos Bay — '..... Feb 8
lumooldt Feb 7
"anama. Fob ■. ft
Vaqulna Bay. . Fen m
Portland ......,'. Fob ar
Humboldt Feb 10
San Dieeo Fob 10
Sydney • Feb 10
Victoria and Pugtst Snd... Feb 11
Newp0rt............... 'Fob 12
Honolulu Feb 13
Alaska-. Feb 13
P0rt1and............. .. Feb 14
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
"STEAMKH.J
FATIOX'
; Weeott Humbldt Bay. I
rmatilla .. Vic & Pert Sncl
i Orizaba.. .. Mexico !
j Coos Bav .. i Newport. |
! A Blanchrd | San Pedro. ...
i Columbia.. Portland:
j Homer jHumboldt j
■ Pomona ' San Diego
I San Bias. . . Panama
: Alliance... iAlaska j
! Arcata. . Coos H.iv
| President. . j Yaquina Bay. '
! City Puebla V!c A Ppt Snd
i Wli!telaw . . Alaska
: City of Rio. Chlna&Japan
j Sttote of Cal Portland
; Santa Rosa San Diego
Feb 5. 9 am
Feb 5.10 AH
Feb 6. 10 am:
i Fob li. » am
Feb 7., 4 I'M
Feb' 7. 10 am
Feb 7. 10 am :
Feb 8. 11 am
; Feb S. 13 M
j Feb 8. 12 si
Feb 8. 10 AM
I Feb *. 10 am
Feb 10, 10 am
Feb 10........ :
Feb 12. 1pm
Feb 12. 10 am
;Feb It, 11 am
I Pier 13
I Pier »
IPier 11
Pier 11
Pier 13
!'!<>r '.U
! Pier It
11
PM S3
P!cr 3
Pier U
Pier"9"
Pier 8
PM S3
Pier '.'»
Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, February 4.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 76 hours from New
port and way ports;
Stmr Tillamook, Olsen, 45 hours from Hue
neme.
Stmr Columbia, Conway. iS% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 43'^ hours.
Stmr Progreso, Storrs, 92 hours fm Seattle.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 40 hours from Coos
Bay.
General Neumayer, Maheo, 130 days from
Swansea.
Bark Semlnole, Peasley, 77 days from New
castle. NSW.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 20 hours fm
Fort Bragg.
CLEARED.
Friday. February 4.
Stmr Alameda Van Oterendorp, Sydney via
Honolulu: J p Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr I'matilla, Goodall, Victoria and Pycjg
Townsend: Gondall, Perkins & Co.
Bark Alex McNeil, Jorgensen, Nanaimo; Geo
Frltch.
SAILiJI'
Friday, February 4.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, Fort Brag*
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dleyo.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, Tacoma,Ship Occidental. Weaver. Puget Sound.
Schr John A, Hellquist. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Feb 4. 10 p. Weather '
hazy; wind X\V; velocity 6 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Irmgard loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Bohemia loads coal at Nanaimo for this
port; Carrollton, coal at Seattle for this port.
The Hutton I'all and Kate Thomas were
chartered prior to arrival Tor wheat to Eu
rope at 32s 6d and 35s respectively.
The Laomene Is chartered lor wheat to Eu
rope, 80s.
DIED AT SEA.
Per bark Seminole— 22—32 22 S 158 51 E.
Theo- Nelson, seaman, native of. Norway, aged
42 years died from unknown causes and was
buried at sea.
Jan 12— 11 N J59 48 W, George W Framp
ton. seaman, native of England, fell from the
main royal yard to the deck and was killed
Instantly; age 21 years; was buried at sea.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Columbia— Feb 3at 5:30 p m met tug
Pea King, hence Feb 3 for Eureka; at 9:30
p m met tug Relief with ship Luclle In tow,
20 miles N\V of Point Reyes; wind light, NW
and smooth.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Feb 4— Bchr Golden Shore
hence Jan 21.
EUREKA— Feb Stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco, in tow of tug Sea King
POINT ARENA— Feb 4— Stmr Alca
zar, from Port Los Angeles.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Whites
boro, hence Feb 3.
SEATTLE— Feb 3— Bark Harry
Morse, hence Jan 24.
COOS BAY-Sailed Feb 4-Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
BO WENS LANDING-Arrived Feb 3-Schr
Monterey, hence Feb 2.
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrived Feb 4— Bark
Prussia, hence Jan 24; schr G W Watson, fm
San Pedro.
F Sr.iled r, Feb Bark Topgallant, for San
t rK.idsco.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 4— Br stmr Welling
ton, hence Feb 1 for Nanaimo.
COOS BAY- Arrived Feb 4 — Schr Daisy
Rowe, hence Jan 24
WHATCOM— SaiIed Feb 4— Bktn Uncle John,
for San Francisco.
PORT I3LAKELEY— Feb 4-Bark
Coryphene. for San Pedro.
SEATTLE-Sailed Feb 1-Schr Wm Renton.
for San Pedro.
Arrived Feb Schr Maweema, from San
Pedro.
. SEATTLE— Feb 4— Stmr Humboldt,
hence Feb 1.
EUREKA— SaiIed Feb 4— Stmr Westport, for
.San Francisco.
STEWARTS POINT— Feb 4-Schr
Archie and Fontie, hence Feb 2.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Feb Stmr
Minerva, for Comox.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 4— Schr Okan
ogan, from Port Ludlow.
ASTORIA— Feb Ger ship Emllle.
from Yokohama; stmr State of California, hce
Feb 2.
Sailed Feb 4— Ger ship Beethoven, for United
Kingdom: bktn Tarn o" Shanter, for San Fran
cisco.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Feb 4— Schr Ealvator, for
San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb «— Ship Dashing
Wave, hence Jan 28.
GRAYS HARBOR— Feb 3— Schr Dora
Bluhm. from Redondo.
Sailed Feb 3— Schrs Pioneer and Chas Han
eon, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 4— Schr Muriel, hence
Jan 24.
YAQUINA BAY— Sailed Feb 4-Stmr Presi
dent, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYAQUIL— To sail Feb s— Bark Chas B
Kenney. for Hilo.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Feb 3— Bktn
Jane L Stanford, for Honolulu.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 3— Br ship
Crown of Scotland, from Oregon.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Feb 4— Stmr Canada,
for Boston.
LIVERPOOL— Feb 4— Stmr Taurlc, for
New York.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Feb 4— Stmr
Switzerland, from Antewerp.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E A Henderson. LA J Mahoney, Merced
J E Clancy, Cal R Sinclair, Suisun
J O'Brien. Australia C Hopper, Colo
Mrs Bogie, Modesto R Phillips, Cal
L Leberer, Haywards C Malloy, Fresno
J H Henshaw, Phil P MeCann. Merced
" M R Edmunds. Cal J Wataon, N'apa
C Sharkey, Rio Vista |C C Phillips, Mo
P J Sullivan. Cal <; R McMullen, Chgo
R Fereuson, £j Jose R O Rowlaf, Chicago
M B Foley, Monterey I
BALDWIN" HOTEL.
C A Foster. Mass jC Schroeder, Scranton
Tommy Ryan. N T |E Schroeder. Srranton
J Smith. Petaluma \V H Harell. rhicaKO
Mr? Sadler & 2 c. Salt Vr Marchres. S Jose
lake | A Baker &w. S Jose
KIM Padler, Salt Lake F S Jones, I'tnh
S H Chase. S Jose I R M Gould. Visalia i
S Danf^Js. S Jose Jir Reese. C.il
J Johnston&w, s Cruz J C Barkhausen, San
J Scott&w. Livermore! Rafael
M Heinberg. Calaveras J Q Walker, Chicago I
PALACE HOTEL.
IV B Peck. NY iT Stephenson. Oakld
J F Nolan. N V ; lHss Stephenson. Oakld
J Whaley. N V iMlsfl tlay. Oakland
B L Walker, N V Miss M Sinclair, Oakld
M Innes, Arizona Miss S Sinclair Oakld
S T Lockwood, Portld Miss Mnffitt. Oakland
Mrs Whaley, NY BO Krauss, X V
Mrs Lockwood. Portld . R McCraken, Stanford
X Alexander, Or E E Morgan, Stanford
Bertha Alexander. Or W B Dudley. Stanford
Boy Alexander, Or \C Henne. Stanford
Mrs Alexander, Or L Einstein. Fresno
T Q Add.son Wash W D Currier, Spokane
J F McCab*. Balto W B Holcomb. iJTT
J F McCabe Jr. Balto F R Soule, Oakland
T M Russell, Conn Baron yon Schroeder
A Goodman, X V i San Ra'at'l
J A Carson, R I Lieut Perkins rr a l
P KoenlK*bf>rsrer, Chi Mrs Perkins. Cal
J P Conduit, Tacoma P MoCrossen, Cal
S R'-'?«-r.=t*>:n, I'hlcago Mr? Mrr- rO jsPn " ral
H B Mirick. Wash C Punnhy, Stanford
Mr> Rosensteln. Chi C A Molson, Helena
J F Dennis. Reno I c Bass, Berkeley
R E Jack, S L Obispo I ""*
GRAND HOTEL.
O Romigh&'n:, Butte A J Romero, Peru
T>r Barton. Minn G A Hoyt, Seattle
M M Evan?, Minn \V R Parker, Oregon
C WlMlne.wAc. Sacto F Bartlett. Livermore
W O'Connell. Spokane C W Tomkins<tw N T
W P Mathews, Sacto <* A Hue!], Stockton
J Touhey. Sacto E E Morgan. Stanford !
A M Rotob. Port Costa H Smith. Stanford
J Thoman. Benicta R McCookell, Stanford I
E T Norttuun, S Jose C Wettherwax. Stanfd '
A F Jones, S Jose C Van Norden. Stanfd
Mn Ritchie. St Paul IF M Kirby. Stanford
M!i>s Northrop. Minn |O W Brown, Stanford
■ iHrn. N V V. Ferguson, S Jose
H G Tanner. L Ang jB W Lewis&w, Stkn
H Young Denver E W Clark, 9 L Obispo
E E Knowle?. Spokane A Arnold, Oakdale
W H Ruett, Spokane F E Sharkey, N V
Mrs Hubbard. Ttistin '", B McKee, S Jo«e -
W, cuff & d. Spokane S H Wagener. S Josa
T E Holmes. Portland I
FOUL PLAY
IS SUSPECTED
Death of an Italian Woman
Under Peculiar Cir
cumstances.
She Struggled in Convulsions for
l^early Forty-Eight
Hours.
BERKELEY, Feb. 4.— Deputy Coroner
Streightif Is investigating the case of
Mrs. Steiva, an Italian woman, who
died here last Monday under very pecu
liar circumstances.
Last Friday evening she called on one
of the neighbors and complained that her
husband was trying to kill her. Aft<*r
talking a few minutes she fell into what
•was apparently an epileptic fit, and ef
forts to revive her proved unavailing.
Her husband soon arrived on the scene
and took her home -with him, but re
fused to send for a doctor until Sunday
morning, when the neighbors threatened
that if he did not call in a physician they
•would do so themselves. He then sullen
ly complied and called in Dr. Hoagland,
who diagnosed the case as epilepsy, but
as the woman had already been in that
Btate twenty-four hours he could "not
ppeak positively, and Dr. Woolsey was
also called in.
The two physicians did all In their
power to rally the sufferer, but their ef
forts were futile, and she died early
Monday morning." , Dr. Hoagland gave a
certificate to the effect that his. patient
had died from epilepsy, and her hus
band Immediately made arrangements
■with an Italian undertaker in San Fran
cisco for the disposal of the body. This
aroused the suspicions of the neighbors,
and they, at once began an investigation
of the case.
"^ It was discovered that Stelva was in
• the habit of abusing his wife, and this
coupled with the fact that he had hesi
tated in calling In a physician and, had
the body taken to San Francisco led
them to suspect foul play. The case was
then laid before . Deputy Coroner
Btreightif, and he will make the fullest
Investigation possible under the circum
stances- . * : . ".
DEATH TO THE
VINE-HOPPER
Experimental Slaughter in
Two Vineyards of
Fresno.
Sulphuric Acid and Cyanide of
Potassium Does the
Good Work.
Commissioner Rose Discovers a Prep
aration for Which a Reward
Is Offered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Feb. 4.— J. Rose, the Hor
ticultural Commissioner for Sanger dis
trict, believes that he has discovered a
preparation which will kill the de
structive thrips or vine hoppers, which
played havoc with the vineyards last
season and threatened to work great
injury the coming season.
Mr. Rose experimented yesterday
with his preparation at Alex Gordon's
I and Dr. Estleman's vineyards, and
! both the owners of those places ex
! pressed themselves as being perfectly
satisfied that at last something had
been found which means death to the
hopper. The preparation is not a new
■ one, being composed of equal parts of
: sulphuric acid and cyanide of potas
sium, and is the same that is used on
the orange trees in Southern California
i for the red and purple scale. Almost
every known insecticide had been tried
for the hoppers, but all of them failed.
At last Mr. Rose thought to try the
'preparation on the thrips and it is the
only thing that has proved successful.
The preparation can be used now and
! also in milder form when the vines
| begin to leaf. Mr. Rose recommends
i its application at night, for then the
pests take to the vines. The mixture
; is made- right under the vine, and in
two minutes the pests are dead. The
sulphuric acid is placed in an iron ves
sel and the cyanide of potassium put
in. The vine stump is immediately
covered with a barrel or canvas tent
; in order to prevent the escape of the
fumes.
Mr. Rose will claim the $500 reward
which was offered at the State Fruit
Growers' Convention at Sacramento
for a preparation that would kill the
thrip. Alex Gordon offered $300 and
5200 was offered by another prominent
grower. The commissioner will donate
the money to the Methodist church at
Sanger.
Alex Gordon was asked last night by
The Call correspondent what he
thought of the preparation, and he
said: "There is no doubt in the world
but it kills those vine hoppers. It's
the only thing in the world that will
do ?t except an ax or a club. It is the
first successful experiment I ever saw.
It kills those under the old leaves.
After the experiment which was made
at my place every one of the thripa was
dead. It is worthy of a great deal of
consideration, and will be a boon to the
vineyardists. It will be rather expen
sive, but expense is not a question with
the vineyardists when their whole crop
is in danger of destruction."
GOLDEN GATE UNION.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson Says a Word for
Woman Suffrage.
The eleventh annual convention of the
Golden Gate T'nion was held in Olivet
Presbyterian Church Thursday night. The
meeting was well attended and much en
thusiasm was manifested by the momburs
and visitors present.
The convention was opened with l song
service, led by Charles D. Reid, followed
with a prayer by Rev. D. JV. Chiton and
a song by the double male quartet of
Olivet Church. Reports of the secretary
and treasurer were then read, which
showed that the past year's work of the
Endeavorers was one to be pr&uJ of.
The address of the evening was made
by the Rev. J. A. B. Wilson, pastor of
Howard Methodist Episcopal Church,
who spoke on "Christian Citizenship."
The true burden of his exhortation was
an appeal fur woman suffrage, for, said
he, "no country can come to its best with
its best citizenship disfranchised. We of
to-day are a trifle too conservative and
are wont to follow in the beaten path of
our ancestors, as they followed after their
ancestors. When the fathers of our coun
try formulated the Constitution without
conferring the privilege of citizenship
upon women they were simply acting on
precedent, and passing generations have
but blindly followed them. When we real
ize that only one out of every ten crimi
nals are women it is time for us to oast
aside a wornout precedent and give them
a say in the administration of the affairs
of state."
The following officers were then elected
for the ensuing year: J. S. Allen, presi
dent; George B. McDougall, first vice
president; Aliss Gardimr, second vice
jirrsidont; W. P. Clark, treasurer, Miss
Hetta li. Reynolds, corresponding secre
tary; Miss Partridge, recording secre
tary; M!ps Myrtle Simpson, superintend
ent junior work: Miss Georgia McLennan,
assistant superintendent junior work.
TROUBLESOME NEIGHBORS.
Paul Ehm Swears Out Warrants for
the Arrest of the Katz Family.
Paul Ehm and his wife Sarah, who live
at 710 San Bruno avenue, appeared be-
fore Judge Campbell yesterday to com
plain about their neighbors, David Katz,
i his wife Mary and their son Selig. Ehm
i had several lacerated wounds In his
scalp, and his wife's right jaw was badly
swollen.
Mrs. Ehm explained her trouble to the
Judge. She said Mrs. Katz was always
accusing her of stealing her chickens,
and Thursday morning she came into her
house and charged her with stealing and
stewing a valuable fowl. Mrs. Ehm de
nied the charge and said she would tell
her husband when he came home at
night that she couldn't stand Mrs. Katz's
Insolence any longer.
When Ehm got home with his horse
there was a warm reception awaiting
him. Katz and his wife and his son Stllg
threw rocks at him while he was in the
barn, and when his wife ran to his as
sistance she was met with a shower of
rocks, one striking her in the fate and
nearly knocking her down. She and her
husband retreated into the house but
before they could close the door a rock
struck their baby. After they closed the
door the Katz family continued to throw
rocks till they almost broke down the
door.
Warrants were issued for the arrest of
the Katz family on the charge of battery.
This is not the lirst time the Katz fam
ily has been in trouble, and the father
and mother have been arrested several
times for battery upon their neighbors.
Selig, the son, called at the Receiving
Hospital yesterday and had n. lacerated
wound In his scalp stitched and dressed
He said that he was struck on the bead
by a neighbor during a fight Thursday
night.
In the Divorce Courts.
F. A. Osborn was Granted a divorce
from his wife, Louise P. Osborn, Thurs
day on the ground of desertion.
Clara J. Peterson was granted a decree
of divorce from her husband. Carl J. Pe
terson, by reason of the defendant's ex
treme cruelty.
The application of Eva "Winaker for a
divorce from William Winaker was
granted by Judge Hebbard on the ground
of cruelty.
The defendant was ordered to pay Mrs.
Winaker $50 a month alimony.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
A GREAT FIRE
VISITS JUNEAU
Government Buildings
and Courthouse Are
Destroyed.
Said to Be the Greatest Con
flagration That Ever
Visited Alaska.
A Murder That Leads to the Death
of a Mother and Her
Babe
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Jan. 31 (by steam
ship City of Seattle to Victoria, Feb. 5).
—To-night the most severe conflagra
tion that ever occurred in Alaska, next
to the burning of Baranoff Castle, the
old Russian Capitol building at Sitka.
March 17, 1594, visited Juneau. The
Government building and courthouse,
occupying the most conspicuous eleva
tion in the city, was burned to the
ground. Nearly all the Government
records were lost A heavy gale was
blowing and no fire department on
earth, leaving out of consideration the
two hosecarts that Juneau has, could
have extinguished the castle of roaring
fire.,
The illumination was seen for forty
miles up Lynn canal, and It lighted
up beautifully the surrounding moun
tains of snow.
Despite repeated petitions the au
thorities at Washington have refused
to provide fire plugs for the city or a
safe for the records. The loss is al
most irreparable. The brass ball of
the flagstaff, which melted and ran
Into a shapeless mass, was picked out
of the ruins and sold the same night
after it cooled by weight as a gold
nugget to a Klondiker awaiting the
next day's boat to Puget Sound.
The Government jail was also in the
building. All the half dozen prisoners
were liberated. One of them volun
tarily helped United States Commis
sioner Ostrander to save records of his
office. The fire was caused by the ex
plosion of a lamp.
The riffraff of the earth is collecting
in large numbers at Skaguay and
Dyea. It very nearly controls the for
mer town at the present time.
The third murder occurred there last
night. Two men are lying dead, one
woman and her babe are dead, as a re
sult of the shock, and a third man is
seriously, if not fatally, wounded.
Early in the evening the beautiful
young wife of Deputy United States
Marshal Mark Rowan presented him a
son.
Dr. J. H. Moore, formerly of Poca
tello, Idaho, assisted at the presenta
tion. The Marshal said he would ac
company the doctor home, as it 9TSLB
late and the town was filled with tough
characters. On his return Rowan,
who was also correspondent at f3ka
guay for the Anaconda Standard, heard
a big row in Rice's dance hall and
opera house, lie stepped in just in
time to get in range of an indiscrim
inate shooting and drew his own re
volver. A man named McQuade claimed
to have been robbed by a woman and
demanded restitution of the money.
When refused he drew a revolver and
Jim Fay, a bartender, shot him dead.
Then a drunken man drew his revolver
and began shooting in all directions. It
is not known where McQuade came
from.
Mark L. Rowan was appointed from
New VThatcom, Wash. When she heard
of the death of her husband the shock
in her weak condition was too much
and she died. The new-born infanc
followed his mother a few hours later.
There is great indignation among the
best classes of citizens of Skaguay.
An indignation meeting was being
held yesterday morning when the City
of Seattle left, and a vigilance commit
tee will probably be formed to take the
law in its own hands. It was suggest
ed that a few hangings on' Broadway
might have the desired effect, and it is
probable that the next outrage will be
followed by a hanging party. Fay
gave himself up. He claims self-de
fense. There has been a hold-up or a
burglary or something of that sort
nearly every night for the last three
weeks. HAL HOFFMAN.
EPWORTH ASSEMBLY.
The First Annual Convention to Be
Held in Los Angeles Next Month
The first annual Epwnrth Assembly and
School of Methods will be held in Los
Angeles the early part of next month.
The object of the assembly is to train
yeung Christians for active, earnest, ag
gressive Christian work in all departments
of league and church life. Special rates
have been made by the railroad company
all over California for this time.
The officers of the assembly are as fol
lows:
Executive board— President. W. H.
Fisher; secretary, J. W. Whlttington;
treasurer, N. Newby, and Rev. Q. L. Cole,
Professor G. A. Hough and A. J. Wallace.
Auxiliary board— President, Mrs. Cal.
Wever; secretary. Miss Edith Hough, and
M)ss Regina Nauorth, Miss Delia Bates
and Miss May Bott.
Advisory board— Rev. G. F. Bovard,
Rev. R. S. Cantine, D.D., Rev. George W.
White. D.D., Rev. F. M. Larkin, Rev. J.
J. N. Kennry and Roy. O. Wilke.
Organist, Will W. Ellis; pianist, Mrs.
W. J. Cook.
Refuses to Pay Alimony.
Charles Draper, a stenographer, must
either pay the woman who used to be his
wife alimony in the sum of $25 a month
or go to jail. Several months ago the
stenographer's wife was granted a di
vorce from him and he wns ordered to
pay alimony. Up to date he has refused,
and yesterday morning he appeared be
fore Judge Trout t in answer to a sum
mons that he appear and show cause why
he should not be punished for contempt
of court. Draper was on hand, but stol
idly refused to offer an explanation. In
consequence Judge Troutt adjudged him
in contempt and sentenced him to five
days in the County Jail. A stay of exe
cution was granted, however, until next
Tuesday, and if the alimony be not
forthcoming by that time the sentence of
the court will be carried into execution.
Wife-Beater Convicted.
D. C. Vanier, the salesman arrested on
Thursday on complaint of Colonel : Par
nell of the Society for T the; Prevention of
'. Cruelty to ; Children for beating his wife,
was convicted by Judge Low yesterday,
and was ordered to appear, for sentence
to-day. Vanier's conduct in court toward
his wife ■ was - offensive in the ■ • extreme, 1
and, he had to be cautioned by 'the!" Judge
several times. He escaped last time :' for
brutally beating his child, as the - Jury
thought ho was scarcely responsible for
his actions. •
«"■■-'■■ ~ "•'.•.:■ ♦ •'.:, ' ••- ■ " . -
Wants a New Jail.
OAKLAND, Fob. 4.— Mayor Thomas
will file a communication with the City
Council Monday evening 1 , showing the ne
cessity of providing suitable quarters at
once for the city's prisoners. He believer
the matter one of great urgency and will
advocate the building of n new prison
where sunshine may be had in every part
of It. He believes it a crime to keep men
and women in such a cold, damp and un
sanitary place as the present City Prison.
THEIR LITTLE
HOME VACANT
Owners of Property at
Pleasanton Have Dis
appeared.
Mrs. Phillips Left Without Any
Provision for Her
Estate.
The Little Girl Who Stayed With
Her Has Also Dropped From
Sight.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 4.
The people of Pleasanton are anxious
to know what has become of a Mrs.
Phillips and a little child, who lived for
a long while at the corner of Second
and yeil streets in that town. Their
little cottage haß been deserted, and no
one is able to find the late tenant.
About twenty years ago Mrs. Phil
lips and her husband came to thiscoun-,
try -and acquired a little cottage, where
they lived for many years. He was an
engineer, an expert at his profession
and seldom out of employment. He be
came a slave to liquor, commenced to
abuse his wife, and in consequence they
separated. This happened about ten I
years ago. He went away, and Mrs.
Phillips remained in possession of the
cottage. The woman was very reticent, \
and no one was able t« learn anything
about her antecedents or her business.
She had no confidantes and no associ
ates, and, although she occasionally did
housework fcrr her neighbors, they were
never able to learn anything of her
life's history. She rarely left her little
cottage, and was never known to have
a visitor, and, although she lived in
Pleasanton many years, acquaintances
were few. A short time since some one
appeared who wished to purchase the
little cottage and lot, and the neighbors
were surprised to find that the inmates
could not be found. There was no
trace of Mrs. Phillips or the child, and
when the townsfolk compared notes no
one could be found who had seen Mrs.
Phillips for the past two months. As
soon as it became known that there
was a chance to sell the property real
estate dealers started out to find the
owners, but have so far been unsuc
cessful.
On one occasion Mrs. Phillips told a
friend that the little child did not be
long to their family, but was thedaugh
ter of a dear friend, and that is all she
would say. No one is able to throw
any light on her whereabouts or plans,
and the house is locked up, the blinds
are down, and, while there is no reason
to suspect a tragedy if the house were
explored, still there are many who re
gard the little cottage as a place from
which to keep away after dark.
DERAILED BY
A BROKEN AXLE
Engineer Ed S. Lincoln Has a
Narrow Escape From
Death.
Caught Between His Engine and Ten
der With Freight Cars
All About.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 4.
A bad wreck occurred this afternoon
about half past 3 o 'clock near Hercules,
Contra Costa County, by the breaking of
an axle on the tender of a freight train,
and Engineer Ed S. Lincoln of 1403 Ninth
street, Oakland, Is laid up in Fablola
Hospital with his right ankle badly frac
tured, besides other bruises too numerous
to mention. That he was not instantly
killed is a wonder to all who know the
full details of the accident. That no one
else was hurt Is almost a miracle, as the
lire man and head brakeman are always
on the engine and in most cases at the
point another brakeman is there to help
load freight or do the switching.
Train 22, the local freight, was within
a dozen miles of the end of its run when
the accident happened. The usual time
was being made when the axle of the
tender dropped off without warning,
throwing the end of the tender down. The
cars following piled up on it in an In
stant in a great mass.
In his effort to stop the train Engineer
Lincoln nearly lost his life. As he shut
off the steam the derailed cars jerked his
engine, throwing him from his seat. He
was caught between the engine and ten
der and was unable to move.
The train was soon stopped and the
sufferer released. The pier was notified
and the company surgeon and wrecking
crew went to the scene of the accident.
The tracks are numerous there, and all
trains were switched by with but little
delay. Lincoln was placed aboard the
first one and brought to this city to the
Fabiola Hospital, where he was cared
for.
Inquiry at the hospital to-night showed
that Lincoln would be laid up some time,
as his injuries are very severe. The
bones are badly shattered, besides his
muscles are strained in all parts of his
body. He is able to talk and says his
fireman stayed at his post. The bump-
Ing of the train from behind as he shut
off the steam is what unseated him and
caused him to get caught as he did.
The fireman was thrown Into his coal
bin, but not hurt. The cars went .all over
everywhere, but the engine remained on
the roadbed. The cars had piled them
selves upon the engine and one another
in such a manner as to make it almost
impossible to remove them. The wrecker
worked the greater part of the night in
clearing away the debris. To-night's
through trains were but little delayed by
the accident.
THE QUARANTINE MESS.
Dispute Between the State and Fed
eral Authorities Ravived.
The dispute between the State and Fed
eral authorities as to the appointment of
a. quarantine officer, which has been
hanging fire for several months, was re
vived yesterday.
A charge brought by Dr. Chalmers, the
State quarantine officer, against Captain
Pitch of the steamer Gaelic, and Pilot
Jordan for refusing to permit him* to In
spect the ship's papers and passengers
on the arrival of the vessel on September
U last, was called in Judge Conlrfh'a
court. The defendants were represented
by Attorney Foulds and the prosecution
by Attorney Joseph J. Dunne.
Dr. 'Williamson of the Board of Health
was the only witness for the prosecu
tion, and Dr. Rosenau, tho Federal quar
antine officer, for the defense. Docu
ments were also submitted as evidence on
both sfdes. The case was continued till
next Tuesday for argument.
Wanted in Los Angeles.
E. Jose was arrested yesterday by De
tective Jerry Dinan and Deputy Sheriff
McClure of Los Angeles on a bench war
rant following nn indictment of the
Grand Jury charging him with obtaining
money by false pretenses. McClure was
densely Ignorant as to the case, but
thought it was in connection with some
and swindle. He left with his prisoner
by last evening's train.
GENEROUS GIFT
OF RACING MEN
Fabiola to Open Its Fine
Surgical Pavilion
To-Day.
Annual Reports Show That
the Hospital Is Very
Flourishing.
Much Charity Has Been Shown to
Patients Who Could Not
Pay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908. Broadway, Feb. 4.
Fabiola Hospital completed its twen
tieth year of humane work to-day, and
at the annual meeting held this after
noon the reports of the officers were
very gratifying, and show that the in
stitution is in a very flourishing con
dition.
Mrs. Sarah B. Yule, president of the
Fabiola Association, took occasion in
her report to give a comprehensive idea
of the work going on in this institu
tion.
To-morrow the new surgical annex
of the hospital will be opened for pub
lic Inspection, and it ia said to be the
most perfectly arranged department of
Its kind in this State. According to the
report, this great imprcrvement was
rendered possible by the generosity of
Thomas H. Williams Jr., president of
the Oakland race track, who institut
ed a Fabiola Derby day, giving the en
tire receipts to the hospital. A glance
at the treasurer's report shows that the
amount from this source reached the
generous sum of $3969.
With this money the directory decid
ed to build the new quarters, and Mr.
W. Letts Oliver visited and examined
many hospital and operating rooms,
and from reports received from Europe
and the East he compiled the plans on
which the building was constructed.
The result is a surgical pavilion com
plete in itself and separated from every
other part of the hospital. It consists
of two operating rooms, laboratory, an
esthetic room, sterilizing room and
other apartments, contributing to the
perfection of surgical technique.
In her report Mrs. President Yule
says: "A physician of large experi
ence said to me recently, 'I have always
thought that women cannot manage a
hospital, and that a hospital, to be suc
cessful, must be managed by physi
cians, but when I go to Fabiola and
find everything bo clean and sweet and
cheerful, my patients receiving such
excellent care, and everything mov
ing so smoothly, I say that only women
can manage a hospital.' In both as
sertions I think him wrong, for it is a
work that calls for the united efforts
of women and men, and while our
boards of directors and managers are
women at Fabiola, and women are tak
ing the responsibility and active man
agement, we have been so loyally as
sisted by men, not only financially but
wherever their scientific knowledge or
skill could be of service, that we grate
fully recognize this work, as not
women's, not men's, but humanity's."
Several other improvements have
been added to the hospital, and the fol
lowing paragraph shows how many
patients have paid and how many have
been treated without payment. .
"During the year we have cared
for 570 patients in the hospital and 101
out-patients, making a total of 673. Of
these 105 have been unable to pay any
thing, 133 have paid a part of the costs,
and 49 have paid just the costs. The
others have paid regular hospital
prices. The amount of money expended
in caring for patients unable to pay,
was $5186 71, which does not include the
amount of free work of the district
nurses."
The financial report shows that Mrs.
■ Quincy A. Chase, the treasurer, has re
! ceived during the year the following
amounts: Hospital checks, $20,446 65;
cash, $710 27; Derby day, $3969; dona
tion party, $223 45: Rev. P. C. Torke's
; lecture, $237 75; Kirkham endowment,
; $260; from reserve fund, $1193 70; bal
ance from last year, $3 73; total, $27,
; 044 55. The disbursements amounted to
| $27,039 84, which includes all the running
i expenses, payments of officers and re-
I pairs.
MUST BE TRIED AGAIN.
The Jury in th« Knowles Case Fails
to Find a Verdict.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— The jury in the
case of W. A. Knowles, charged with
forgery in changing a mortgage release
given him by the repent? of the Univer
sity of California, after being out from 5
o'clock last night until II o'clock this
morning, were dismissed, being unable to
agree upon a verdict. Whether Knowles'
act was to defraud the regents of the
University or those who bought the prop
erty in question from him was the stum
bling block that the jury split upon.
The jury at 9 last night asked for writ
ten instructions- of the court, which was
given them. At 10 they notified Judge
Ellsworth that they could not understand
the Instructions. He called them into
court and explained away their difficul
ties. They retired again and at 1 o'clock
this morning gave up and attempted to
get some sleep. At 7- o'clock they went
at the case again with no better result.
The jury room has no accommodations
except blankets and any attempt at
sleep was met with poor success. No pil
lows and only the hard floor did not tend
to soothe them to sleep. At 11 o'clock
Judge Ellsworth apologized for keeping
them in such uncomfortable quarters
when there was no chance for them to
agree, and dismissed them.
Subpenaed the Court.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— Attorney Tom
Garrity subpenaed Police Court Judge
Allen, Clerk Hennessey and Bailiff Mitch
ell as witnesses in the Ryan trial this
morning in order to get the case of G.
Kirschner, arrested for selling liquor
without a license, continued against the
will of the Police Judge. His ruse did not
work, however, as the summons failed to
reach the witnesses until ten minutes af
ter 10, and then they were only copies in
stead of originals, as th« law requires.
The Police Court case went on In spite of
his appeals and he was compelled to send
a substitute.
Golf Club Home Opening.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— The Golf Club will
formally open their new grounds and
house on the Adams tract to-morrow af
ternoon. There will be an orchestra in
attendance and dancing will be the order
of the day. Refreshments will be served.
At present there are 150 members, with
new applications for membership being
received daily.
Charter Changes Suggested.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— Considerable Inter
est is being manifested in the proposed
new charter and several of the more
prominent business men are expressing
their opinions upon the subject. It is the
almost unanimous opinion that nothing
should be attempted until a charter could
bo prepared for the city and county,
which is now being agitated with every
prospect of success. Auditor Snow sug
gests that a new charter should make the
Mayor an ex-officio member of tho City
Council, Board of Public Works and
Board of Education, and have him pass
upon all resolutions requiring the- ex
penditure of money, as he does upon those
of the Council now. He would also have
part of the City Council and Board of
Education hold over, so each board could
be composed hull" of old members all the
time.
STILL INSIST
ON A CHANGE.
Students Want Faculty
Athletics Committee
Enlarged.
Retraction of the Request for
the Removal of Pro
fessors.
Spirited Controversy Waged Before
the Athlete Difficulties
Are Solved.
BERKELEY, Feb. 4.— After almost
unanimously rescinding the resolutions
passed last Monday requesting Presi
dent Kellogg to remove Professors
Bacon and Clapp from the faculty
athletics committee, the Associated Stu
dents of the university this morning
practically reaffirmed the principle of
the right of students to suggest mem
bers for the faculty committee, by re
questing the president to enlarge the
committee to five Instead of three mem
bers.
The meeting, which was held at
Stiles Hall, was attended by nearly
400 students, and was one of the most
spirited student gatherings ever held
at Berkeley. The women students were
conspicuous by their absence, not a
single co-ed being present.
Discussion was precipitated by Ed
itor Hopper of the Occident, who in
troduced a resolution rescinding the
resolution passed last Monday. Hop
per's resolution, which was seconded
by Editor Creed of the Californian,
was as follows:
Considering that certain resolutions
passed at a meeting of the Associated
Students on Monday last do not repre
sent the opinion of a large number of
tnat body, and
Considering that a question of such Im
portance should be indorsed by a larger
proportion of the student body, and .
Considering that the faculty athletics
committee, from the nature of its duties,
should be independent of the student
body in the choosing of its members, and
Considering that this principle was vio
lated by the action of last Monday,
Be it resolved, That those resolutions
be rescinded.
After a spirited discussion, in which
Professor William Carey Jones spoke,
urging the students for the sake of the
university to reach a final and amicable
settlement of the existing trouble, Hop
per's resolutions were almost unani
mously adopted.
A set of resolutions which had been
framed at he suggestion of Profesor
William Carey Jones were introduced
by Leggett "98 and seconded by Haber
'98, Jarvls '98 and others. The resolu
tions were as follows:
Recognizing that we have no author
ity and entertain no desire to nominate
or otherwise regulate the membership of
the faculty athletics committee, we never
theless, In a purely co-operative spirit,
hereby resolve that a committee of three
be appointed by the chair to represent to
the president that it is the sentiment of
the Associated Students of the Univer
sity of California that the athletic inter
ests would be best subserved by the en
largement of the faculty committee to a
membership of five.
The resolutions brought about a spir
ited controversy. Allen '98, Dlckerson
'98 and Hutchinson '9? wanted specific
charges made to support the oft-re
peated statement that a lack of har
mony existed. Football Manager Brown
was called on to specify his grievances
against Professors Bacon and Clapp, but
he refused to do so. Craig "98 op
posed the resolutions, stating that they
were hugely impertinent, and that the
difficulty would probaly be settled
anyway by Professors Bacon and Clapp
resigning. .
A warm discussion of professionalism
in university athletics was begun by
Instructor Harry B. Torrey, who de
fended the present committee for the
firm stand it has taken to preserve
amateurism. He characterized the two
weeks' trials taken by the football
team to Del Monte last fall as an
approach toward professionalism, and
declared that such a move would never
again be tolerated by the faculty.
Upon the final vote on the resolu
tions asking for an increase in the
membership of the committee the reso
lutions were carried by a vote of 212 to
152.
President P. R. Thayer of the Asso
ciated Students later appointed J.
Haber, Albert J. Brown and C. M.
Dickerson to call upon President Kel
logg and present to him the students'
request for an enlargement of the com
mittee. While the names of the two
additional members of the committee
were not mentioned, it was the desire
of the students to have Professors
Magee and Cloman added to- the pres
ent committee.
Ryan Was Acquitted.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— James Ryan, who
•was arrested on Filbert street on Sun
day evening, November 20, by Officers
Kvte and Scanlon. with William Jennings
was acquitted in Judge Ellsworth's court
this afternoon. No defense was made,
but the defense asked the court to in
struct the jury to acquit on the ground
of the Insufficiency of evidence. The
motion was allowed and Ryan was given
his liberty. He was at once taken into
custody on a warrant charging him with
carrying a concealed weapon. The prose
cution identified the revolver as the one
stolen from the Wakefield residence
shortly before the arrest of the defend
ant, but there was.no proof that Ryan
stole it. Hence his acquittal.
The Morrises to Separate.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— Mrs. Katharine
Morris has filed papers for a divorce from
her husband, B. Y. Morris. The cou
ple were married when she was but 16
years of age, seventeen years ago. The
defendant has been in the photographic
business for a number of years, and is
well known. The case Is not to be con
tested and will be amicably settled.
Failed, in His Promise.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4.-Mrs. B. Casnler
charges H. Levridge with securing $200
from her after having promised to marry
her and failing to either return the money
or make her his wife. Hence she has
brought suit in Justice Wood's court to
recover the amount loaned, with Interest
at 3 per cent per month from August 2,
1597.
Typhoid Fever Cases.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 4.— Dr. Dio Tisdale,
son of the well-known physician, Dr. T.
P. Tisdale, and brother of Dr. C. L. Tis
dale, is very ill from typhoid fever at his
father's residence on Central avenue. His
condition is considered precarious.
J. W. Timmons is ill with the typhoid
fever, and this morning he was removed
from his boarding house to the Sanita
rium on San Jose avenue, where he can
have careful and constant nursing.
Why the Dogs Died.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 4.— Some time ago suit
wa3 brought by Dr. A. Sander of this
city as assignee of Dr. Diete, a veteri
nary surgeon, against J. H. Rosseter. the
well-known dog fancier, whose kennels
are located in this city, for the sum of
$257, claimed to be due for services ren
dered in attending the defendant's dogs.
To-day Rosseter filed a counter complaint
The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
is acquired by ladies who use Pozzoni's
Complexion Powdbb. Try it.
which recites that Diete's services were
of no avail. inasmuch as twelve of defend
ant's dogs died while under his care.
Glee Club Will Sing.
BERKELEY, Feb. 4.— The University
Glee Club will sing at the Mining Fair in
San Francisco on University day, Febru
ary 19. Toward the end of the month
concerts will be given at Sacramento and
Woodland, and during the summer vaca
tion a tour will be made through Oregon
and Washington. A number of concerts
are to be given in Berkeley during the
term.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Feb. 4.— The Associated
Students to-day empowered President
Thayer to reappoint an intercollegiate
debate committeee. The names of tha
members of the new comittee will be an
nounced Monday. The student body also
gave the chess club permission to use thft
name of the University of California.
Earl A. Stone '99 has succeeded F. F.
Ellis in the associate editorship of tha
college daily.
Dr. John C. Merriam of the department
of palaeontology of the university will
lecture at the Academy of Sciences in
San Francisco next Monday evening on
"The First Fauna of the Earth."
This Week's Wasp.
"Reverend" C. O. Brown is the subject
of some very plain talk in this week's
edition of the Wasp, and almost every
one will find in that paper's treatment of
the ex-minister's conduct something of
interest. In the "X Ray" column, as
usual, some enterprising fakers find theiF
modus operand! laid bare, and the per
sonalities teem with the newest gossip of
the smart set. The theatrical and mu
sical criticisms are entertaining and far
ahead of those of any other weekly pa
per, while the vigorous editorials will ba
relished by every thoughtful reader.
There are, of course, numbers of pictures
in the Wasp, a whole page of half-tones
being devoted to the school children's
parade at Golden Gate Park. The center
page colored print cartoon deals with the
Oriental situation, and Chairman Alford
of the Democratic State Central Commit
tee and Insurance Commissioner Clunie
furnish subjects for two more exceeding
clever cartoons. Altogether the "Wasp
this week has much in it that will inter
est almost any class of readers.
Service of Song.
The fourth popular praise service will tow
held at the First Congregational Church o
corner of Post and Mason streets, on
Sunday evening. Choice selections will
be rendered by the choir, under the di
rection Of Samuel D. Mayer, the organ
ist, and the Masonic Quartet will assist.
Rev. Dr. Adams, the pastor, will preach
on the theme, "A Prayer for Remem
brance."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~" '. 7 '■ ~^"
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOX— —
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLArNTS
& : HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Watrrs." Lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." BritishMedicalJournal
CAUTION: See that the label bean the tiQ^Or
ture qf the firm.
■ ■ ' ' Andreas Saxlehner.
/^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
A**o»Jm <>-•"> KKAKXY ST. Established
Hirffll'" 1854 for the treiitmentof Private
MM i Imu nispiispfi. Lost Manhood. Debility or
MfflHjjßß r! i-.■««••i -.■««•• vpnri us body and nut id and
mHHHEH skin Diseases. The doc torcures when
oEHgijyjM "tijei:ifii:l. Try him. Chnrges low.
TXBiaeiSaa «'•<••«*"' a rim ««-rJ. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. F. i.inilOX, Box 1957. 5 an Franclsro.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
' • Steamers leave Broadway wharf, Mpttk^
San Francisco, as follows: CssSC
. For ports in Alaska, 10 a. m., Feb. 5, 10, 20.
25, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
Now Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, . Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. 5, 10, 15. 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer, 2 p. m., Feb. 4, 8. 12, 16. 21, 25; March
1, 5, 9. 14, 18, 22. 2«. 30.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavl-
ota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Lob Angeles) and
Newport.;!) a. m., ; Feb. 2, 6. 10, 14, IS, 13, 26.
and every fourth day thereafter.
• For Sanjgpiego. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Feb. 4, 8, 12. 16, 20, 24, 23, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Macdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, : Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia and ■ Guayma9 (Mex.), 10 a. m., Feb. 5;
March 4. and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of pbUltist. -
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Aerts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FABF f '2 First Class Including Berth
rant. $$ Second Cl«s«» and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS :
State of California Jan. 23. Feb. J. 12, »
Columbia... : ...Jan. 28. Feb. 7. 17. 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.,
" ' .■. ■ : • V Superintendents.
The S.S. ALAMEDA-
M*t^nM m MllllE sall3 vla Honolulu
MjtfWA & and AUCKLAND for
■ «»,■■- SYDNEY. Friday.
fHnKlllit February 4. Nt in n. m.
iflAnlL ™ n * vla HONOLULU
[•E** 31 "*' and AI-rKLA.NI> fur
■ w SYDNEY, Friday,
cs A j' I' > February 4. at in n. m.
JXllMnrchinJ S. AUSTRALIA.
CylCdlllJlllU^ for HONOLULU only.
XS&aF* /SmF)?ll?fcr» Thursday. February
ef^— \y|lipUlCq^ 17 at «p. m . Special
; ' &:-£.■■ party rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. •>■■•■■
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
, - ; 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st.. San Francisco.
Compagnis Generals Transatlantic.
■ French Lin© to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 ~ North »^«^
River, foot of : nrton st. Traveler* ffTrS
by this line avoid both transit by tbwmbi
: English railway and the Ulj.-omfort of crowing
the channel in a small , boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via l"ri». first class SIM.
second class (116. . •
LA BRET ACNE December 11. 19 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE .....December 11. 10 i. m.
LA NORMAN DIE December 26. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ..January 1. 10 a. m.
LA 8RETA0NE. .......... January 8. Ma. a
For further particulars apply to
i . A. FORGET. Agent.
No. S. 'Bowling Green. New Tor*.
3. F. FTIGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. -.■.- ■ . - ',/■'-. "
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 6
■ -.. •■> •-" ' -p. m. Dally. -
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. X.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and gt».
ing through freight rates to alt points on tb»
Valley Railroad.
/.-..--> -t..-. •■..■.--f---- STEAMERS: - " -
T C. WALKER, J. D. PETERS.
MART GARRATT, CITY OF STOCKTOIt.
"j Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Inapt. Co.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & ■ Santa Cnu ;
' Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
exceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
? Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso. > SOe:
to San Jose. 73c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nort*
First street. San Jos«. ;';-j-:'.y?.: ■,■•■.■..,. ;;.">: .-;-f
FOR U. S. NAVMARD AND VALLEJO.
r." -''•I' Stenmer " Montlcello" , • ■
I Will ■ lie :up .to' receive ; new boiler, and ■ general
overhauling • on ;- February -1, " and '- resume ■■'■ her
route on March 1. ; HATCH BROS. ; {
1112
WILLIE MARTIN
CAN GO SOME
Knocked Out a Spectator
Who Objected to
His Riding.
Three of the Six Pronounced
Favorites Were Badly
Beaten.
Fddie Jonss Took the Handicap — Har
ry Thoburn Regained His Speed
and Downed Myth.
A green horse started In the last
race at Ingleside yesterday called
Jockey Bill. He was a 250 to 1 chance
In the betting and finished last. In a
spirit of jest the St. Louis turfman,
Dan Honig, named the raw 'un after
Willie Martin, and "Jockey Bill" is the
handle applied to the clever rider's
name by turf habitues. Martin start
ed in an impromptu setto with a spec
tator who objected to his ride on Haz
ard and won in a punch. He should
have been a 1 to 4 chance.
The little incident happened at the
conclusion of the fifth race, a mile
and a sixteenth run, in which Martin
had the mount on Hazard, a 10 to 1
phot. The race was won by Harry
Thoburn, and after showing some
speed during the early running Mar
tin's mount ended up at the tail end of
the bunch. As Martin was returning
to the paddock after weighing in he
was surprised to be complimented by
a tall young man on the other side of
the fence in choice expressions that
•would look well written in some unin
telligible language, but which did not
sound pretty to the jockey. The latter
requested the tall young man to await
hi? return, and he did. Now he is will
ing to make affidavit that he was
struck by a horse warming up through
the stretch. Martin donned his street
clothes and issued forth from the
jockey room. Whether or not he ca"i
ried a horseshoe in his hand will never
be known. He Bwun twice at the tall
young man, and lustily as a man with
leather lungs yelled "'ten" in the
prostrate kicker's ear, he made no ef
fort to rise. Two policemen finally
brought him around by vigorous fan
ning and he departed for home dis
gusted with the game. Martin will be
summoned before the stewards to-day
tn show cause why he should not be
matched with "Kid" McCoy.
It looked before the racing began as
though six straight favorites should
win, and th^ crowd, which was only a
fair-sized one, brought quite a bundle
of coin out to the track. Satyr. Myth
and Dr. Sharp knocked out calculations
by meeting with defeat.
The seven-furlong handicap proved
rather an easy thing for the favorite,
Kddie Jones. The brown colt was a 3
to 5 chance in the ring, and, passing
Libertine soon after the start, led that
horse over the line more than a length.
Prince Tyrant was a good third. Before
the start Lucky Dog threw "Skeets"
Martin and ran away nearly fourmil^s.
Six very cheap maiden three-year
olds started in the opening mile run.
There was the most doing on Rio Frio,
played down from 3 to 2, and with
Clawson up the gelding led Sing Wing
out a couple of lengths in 1:47. Niihan
was a close third.
The fast filly Briar Sweet fell in with
a crowd of hot ones in the five furlong
scramble, and, starting a prohibitive I
to. 6 ohr.-ioe, had only to gallop to win.
ea^ng up from Midrica. the second
choice. The wretchedly ridden Towan
da was beaten out for the show by
Himera.
Although it was his first appearance
this season, the third race, a mile sell-
Ing event, looked to about fit the Corri
gan entry, Patyr. and he closed a 3 to 5
favorite in the betting. Thorpe, who
piloted the favorite, was badly pocketed
at the first turn, and this worked his
defeat. Claudiana. off in the lead was
never headed, and in a drive downed
the favorite half a length. TKfc winner
was 4 to 1 1n the ring.
The second mile selling run resulted
in an easy victory for Harry Thoburn
He was 6 to 1 in the betting around
post time, and beat the favorite Myth
with ease. Pan Marco, away fmm'the
post poorly, finished a good third
l>r. Sharp must have been called up |
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
P A ?iv IC of C °£ ST HOCKEY CLUB-Ingleside Track -- Eighty-third
Weather fine. Meetln *' riQay> February 4'4 ' 1898 "
542. rr * IRST R ACE-One mile; maiden three-year-olds; purse, $350.
4% Si'n/'wn 105 i 4 Mi 5h 5 2 3h . 1 IVi Clawson ' 3. 2
"4 vmU,, B 108 ' 5 6 SI 3 ltt 2 1 2 H Thorpe ....... i 2 4
h* hau 110 I 2n n 2n IV- 3 4 H. Brown 4 6
.H4 Comado \°il 3 " s 1 51% 4 4 Steven, 15 8
den^lTt?' 1:47 ' AVinner L - H - Ezells eh. g. by Rio Bravo-Leonora. Good start. Won rid-
3
2
4
15
10
3
2
4
6
8
8
4
.
543. SECO - ND RACEIFive furlongs;
Index. Horses. Welcht.lSt iZ^ T
; purse, $350.
£25 Briar Sweet no! 2
OS Mldrlca ."..."..no! 1
465 Himera ing ;
470 Towanda "Z."'"^
Lit uahu 105 4
446 Queen Blazes ... "no 7
C 24 Louise Hooker 105 8
Mlnuke 10r, 3 :
1 «4
2 n
4 h
6 2
3 h ■
2*
5 n
1 5
2 5
4 2 "
5 li
3 4
7 3
8 '
6>i
1 4
2 5
6 S
4 h
3 r-3
6 4
8
7 Hi
.17
2 5
3 2
4 %
5 4
6 12 ;
78'
8. I
H. Martin ...
Clawson
Spencer
C. Sloan
iR. Narvaez ..
[McDonald
ISttvens
'O'Connor ■.
1-4
8
30
12
100
60
: 100
I 60
1-6
9
60
20
300
100
l.'O
200
Good""tart 1 ° \Von V Ms| r v "' B ' Jennlngs & Co -' 8 eh - f - by lrap ' Slr Modred-Sweet Briar.
£>^r4» THIHL> RACE— One mile; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
I
£26 Claudl&na, 4 lO'l 4
••• S-atyr, 4 107 -
&19 Queen Safle. 4 102 ( 2
u'-S Tom Anderson, 4.. 107 C
453 Metalre, I 109| 3
.... '\_± J^ s 10<| 1 _
1 1
3 h
it 24
4 ns
0 1
6
1 1
3 2
2 h
6
4 11
5 '.j
1 2
2 ns
3 6
E 3
4 1
6
1 IV4
3 1
2 h '
5 6
4 %
C ■
1 Vi ,E. Jones
2 3 IThorpe
3 lo iMcMchols ...
4 h* [C Sloan
5 25 jSpeneer
6 [O'Donnell,-....
3
4-5
4
15
8
20
4
3-5
5
15
100
Tim>-. 1 :4.0 V*. Winner.
start.__\Von flrst three <1
Win. Boots & Sons b. f. bj; Imp. Brutus-The Swayback.
Good
t)45» F R ™ RACE — Seven furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
Index. Horses^ Weight. Ist. Km. rim iT^ 57;: inn i TZ.Z~«Z^ in., 7^T
..' FMdie Jones. 3 IMI 1
£.;# Libertine, a 117 1
BX lTint'e Tyrant, 5... !«j 3
ea Plan, 3 »\ 4
__T,2^ Lucky Dog, a 1; •
2 b
1 hi
3 i>4
1 11
2=!i
3 1
i-,4 ;■
It
3%
4
1 n
2 1%
3%,
1 US
■ 2 1
3 a:
4 : :■
\v
s
art in -.'.
Dn ......
1-2
. 4
8
6
1-2
!»-2
: 10
10
irtln ...
• Pulled up. : "" : I " ; :
Tv^J'r^'n, 1 - 301 TVlnner - Burns & Waterhou so" b. c. by Morello-Early Rose. Good start.
W (ill t*«hjl J .
£>46« FIFTH RACE -° ne nine; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
.™ Wvth y 77 hh ° bUrn> "■■!;» i '■ I « '■ ? ? "^ 23 4 l'-4 Clawson ...... |
l!i-\S) AIVIIi. 4 11)4. 4 2b 121 *"» •> A JT Afo^ftr.
610 San Marco, 5....... 112 5 4% 3na 4C 3n 3 9 Thorn/ "" 5
499 Peter the Second. 6.112 3" 5 . 6 5 5 •"L ('Sloan 4
523 Hazard, 5- .....llli 2 3^45 ns 42 5 * W. Martin":
tart. Won : 11 3 AV!nneri Atk ' " & I ' ottrld « e '« b. g. by St. Cyr-Mißs"Goodrich.
rlH.li. \» Oil rtlallj .
i wson
Martin ...
orpe
Sloan
5 6
1 7-10
5-2 7-2
40 80
6 10
5 6
1 7-10
-2 7-2
(0 .80
6 10
Good
_;
Mai tin ..
5-4T SIXTH rRACE — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upwards; purse, $400.
: Index. Horses. Weight. jSt. Hm. '-in.; %m. Str. Fin. f Jockeys M
• -111
461
47i>
(522)
GOS
493
461 Bonlto, 2 93! 3 ■ In 1% 11 |m 1 h Gray : ' 8 ft
479 Catawba, " 3.. ...... M2j 1 3 I>4 4 1 512 6 8 2% Cameron""'" 60 80
(?22) Oionan. 3... 105 6 6 .5 1% 4 h 4 2 3V& Then™.. 5-2 11-5
COS Dr. Sharp, 3.........10:. 4 52% 3 n 3 H »14 -44 Clawson .. . 3-5 3-5
493 Hohenzollern, 4.;...114 5 2'i 2?i 2% in 640 C. Sloan 1 20 M
... Jockey Bill. 3...:... 97| 2 4h -6 6' 6 6 W. Miller V..| 100 2.V)
- Time. I:3OVi. Winner, C. P. Fink'g b. f. by Longstreet-Bonetta. Good start. tVon first
•hr«e driving. . . ; , - . • , ' ;
ita'
»y
mcron
cr|ie .......
.wson ..:...
Sloan ......:
8 6
60 SO
5-2 11-5
, 3-5 3-5
1 2<) M
I 100 250
Miller ...
too many times the night previous to
attend patients, for he was woefully
lacking in speed. A 3-to-5 choice for
the final seven-furlong run, he never
got to the front, and finished beyc-nd
the money. Bonita, an S-to-1 chance
at post time, led all the way, and in a
hard drive downed the 100-to-l shot,
Catawba, a head on the post.
TRACK ITEMS.
"Skeets" Martin, 'who had the mount on
Myth, was ordered suspended for one week for
his effort to carry Harry Thoburn wide In the
stretch.
Little Cameron, on the 100 to 1 shot Catawba,
was simply outfinlshed at the end by Gray,
astride Bonlto, or the outsider would have
been returned the winner.
Following are the entries and weights for
I a Free Handicap, purse $500, one and a half
I miles, to be run on Monday, February 7, at
Oakland:
Ostlf-r Joe TIT l-.os i'-rietos 90
Fleur de Lia 114 Rufalba 90
Garland Barr I<Xl Claudlana So
Judge Denny LOS Our Climate 82
Wheel of Fortune. ..lo3 Marptot 82
fv»ll!ns lOODonator 82
; Personne >5 #
Declarations due 12 <>' clock Saturday, Febru
ary 5.
The following weights have been assigned
entries in the Emeryville Handicap, one mile
and a furlong, to \>e decided at Oakland,
Wednesday, February 9:
Salvation 122 Osric II 102
Rulnart 120 Parthamax 100
Ostler Joe 120 Song and Dance 98
Senator Bland lis Personne 98
Fleur de Lls 117 Bliss Rucker 97
Buck Massie 115 Los Prletos 97
Colonel Wheeler 114 Official „/
Marquise H'iThelma 95
Sweet Faverdale 110 Svbarls 90 i
Wheel of Fortune.. lo9 Colonel Dan 90
Caspar 107 St. Cuthbert 90
Flashlight 106 .My »0
Romero 105 Attleus 90
Grannan 105 Chartreuse II 90 '
Captive 105 Crescendo 90 j
Paul Griggs 105 Bow and Arrow 87
• \indelaria 105 Rey del Diablo 87 |
Souffle 103 Miss Trellion 87 i
Shasta Water 103 Pasha 87 i
Argentina 103 Pel Norte 87 j
Schiller 103 Candle Black 80
Horatio lu3 Innuendo 80 !
Eddie Jones 104' El Salado SO
Summertime 102 Fanny S 80 !
Topmast 102
Winners after February 4 to carry five pounds
extra. _
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Half mile; two-year-olds.
506 "Malay 105! 530 Sevens IOC I
518 •Gold Scratch.. .lo9l 59) Aroma JOS i
r.is Prince Will 1051 530 Formero 112'
530 Har. Whitman. 112 530 Milt Young 103!
>,"."'■ iSaintly 115 ... **B. c. by Em
... Don't Tell Wl. peror of Nor
... Master Buck 11] folk-Merrimae 112
• Burns & Waterhouse's entry. •• Coupled
with Milt Young.
Second Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell- :
ing.
453 Chappie 104 ... Altanera 102
483 callente 112! 228 Free Will 105 i
516 Mainstay 114 544 Torpedo 104 |
52' i Amelia Fonso ..105 S3" Don Fulano 110 '
4i>« Midlight 106 537 Major Cook lU7
<531)Kamsin 107 517 R. Q. Ban 110
... Refugee 11l 507 Starling 105
52? Fred Gardner.. .110!
Third Race — One and three-eighths of a mile;
selling.
(S33)LJttte Cripple . .105! '53S)Wawona 105 i
523 Tulare 104' (52S>Can't Dance ...109
544 Foremost 103 52S Rufalba 9S
533 Don Clareneio..lo3!
Fourth Race— One and a half miles; handi
cap hurdle.
53S Our Climate ...W*' 534 Cnv. Budd 142
514 J. O. C MS 514 Monlta 136
638 Verasna 346 4H2 Alvaradi. II 130
352 Gold Dust 143 524 Presidio 125
477 Captain Rees ..143] 534 Esperance 123 ,
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; Tarpey
Stakes.
."22 Marplot 92 (50S)Fleur de M 5.... 119
511 Linstock 95 539 Judge Denny 110
621 Imp. Trippins..lO3.
Sixth Raoe— Seven-eighths of a mile; purse.
E43 Towanda D" 541 Trolley 109
."41 Orimar 107 .',35 Ed Gartland II: i-2
(536)Hennoso 102 ... Lincoln II 107
531 Morinel 97 ... Scarborough ....191
535 Los Prietos .... ■-''.■ 513 Elldad a"
313 Fortunate 107 53S Triumph 114 .
TO-DfiY'S SELECTIONS.
Fin«t Race — Formero, Saintly. Gold Scratch.
Second Race— Caliente, Midlight, Kamsln.
Third Race — Can't Dance, Don Clarencio,
Tulare.
Fourth Race— Alvarado 11. Monita, J. O. C. ;
Fifth Race— Fleur de Lis. Linstock. Imp. ;
Tripping.
Sixth Race— Orimar, Trolley, Fortunate.
A Prohibition Boom.
After a long period of inactivity the
Prohibitionists have again woke up and
will make another effort to arouse en- !
thusiasm in the cause of temperance in
Sao Francisco and around the bay. The
Rev. J. W. Weft of Fresno, who has been
very successful in this line of work, ar
rived in this city yesterday and will con
duct a series of meetings. The first meet-
Ing will be held this evening in the tern- ;
perance saloon on Market street, and af
ter the work is once fairly started other
speakers will be secured and the work
will be kept booming until some definite '
results are accomplished. Mr. Weff has
not as yet fully completed his plans, but
he expects to speak in one of the city
churches to-morrow and will hold meet- ;
ings somewhere each night next week.
A Temperance Mass-Meeting.
Rev. S. S. Cryor. D. D., pastor of West
minster Presbyterian Church, will ad
dress a mass meeting at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium. Mason
and Ellis streets, to-morrow afternoon
at 3 o'clock, on the subject of "Temper
ance " The service will be open to both
men and women and all are cordially in
vited.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
PREPARING FOR
LINCOLN DAY
Meeting of the General Com
mittee at the. Union
League Club.
Three Hundred Veterans Detailed for
School Duty— Plan of
Exercises.
A meeting of the general committee of
the Lincoln Monument Association, W.
\V. Stone, president, was held at the
Union LeagU2 Club, last evening. Mayor
Phelan nominated William H. Crocker to
fill a vacancy on the Board of Turstees.
The nomination was confirmed.
C. F. Curry and Hugo D. Kiel accepted
appointments to serve on the finance
committee.
Mayor Phelan, C. Mason Kinne and A.
i J. Vinlng were appointed as a committee
! to interview Thomas H. Williams and H.
1 J. Crocker of the jockey clubs.
Announcement was made that an ex
; cellent programme had been prepared for
the Lincoln meeting at Metropolitan
i Temple on the evening of February 12. *
The Union League Club has generously
given the use of the club audience room
■ for the monthly meetings of the general
' committee of the Lincoln Association.
The generosity of the club was acknowl
edged by a vote of thanks.
A committee of conference composed of
'. representatives from six Grand Army
[ posts reported that arrangements had
' been made to visit all the schools on Fri
; day, February 11. Three hundred veter
■ ans have been detailed for school duty.
The plan of exercises arranged for ob-
I servance of Lincoln day in i the public
' schools is highly commended.
The committee on correspondence has
I sent out to the schools and the press of
the State 2000 circulars. ' .'
. « * ' ■ . ■:' %
Rheumatism cured. No pay until cured. Dr.
Gordin a Sanitarium. 514 Plne.nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
More New Cars.
The Southern Pacific Company . will
soon have its rolling stock Increased by
1100 new freight cars. This addition, the
first consignment of which will be ready
for use about March 1, consists of 650
box cars, 150 stock cars, 100 ballast cars
and 200 flats. All these are intended for
use on the western division of the road,
with the exception of 250. which will be
run on the road east of El Paso. The cars
are all of the latest improved patterns
and most modern build, with automatic
couplers, air brakes and all of the new
devices looking- to . convenience and
safety.
. ♦ ■
The best lead pencil in the world is the
"Koh-I-Noor." Try it. •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Emily K. and Charles R. Doran to Robert G. •
• Hooker, lot on SW corner of Sacramento and
Larkin streets, W 100 by S 40:2 Vi; $10.
William Delaney to Bridget Delaney, lot
commencing 100 feet W from SW corner of
Golden Gate avenue and Gough street, W 30 by
: 8 137:6; gift.
Marcus S., Corlnne S., Carrie, Jesse, Joseph,
Florence S. anil Abraham Koshland, Nettie K.
and Henry Sinshelmer, Fannie K. and Abra
lmm Haas to Roslne Koshland, lot on N line
of Pine street. 165 W of Gough, W 55 by N
137:6; gift.
Roxanna L. and Albert F. Wheaton to Rob
ert Pleper. lot on N line of Broadway, 170 W
of Gough street. W 27 by N 137:6; $10.
Joseph D. and Myra C Redding to Albert P.
Redding, lot on NW line of California and La-
Runa streets, W 34:4>* by N 137:6; $5.
Michael and Bridget Lyons to Katie J.
i Lyons, lot on X line of Ash avenue. 27:6 E of
: Laguna street, E 27:6 by N 60; gift.
i George H. Redding to same, same; $5.
John Corsiglla to Mary Corslglla, all Interest
In following: lot on 8 line of Lombard street,
56:3 \V of Laguna, W 25 by S 100; lot on S line
: of Lombard street, 81:3 \V of Laguna, W 25 by
S 100; $10. vS-
Robert and Jennie I. Pieper to Roxanna L.
Whoaton (wife of A. F. lot en S line of
Beulah street, 136 \V of Cole, W 30 by S 125;
$10. ■
Michael and Bridget Lyons to Robert B.
Lyons, lot on E line of Helcher street, 255 N
of Fourteenth, N 30 by E 125; gift.
Charles A. Fischer to Hanora A. Fischer,
lot on N line of Twenty-first street. 50 E of
York, E 2:. by N 83; gift.
Margaret Reese and James and Mary E.
Dever (Reese), by commissioner, to William
L. Bunting, lot on X line of Capp street, 80 S
of Twenty-third, S 40 by F. 122:6; $950.
John F. and Mary C. Clark to Jacob Hey
man. lot on N line of Twenty-third street. 175
\Y of Douglass, W 25 by N 114, lot 61. Hey
man Tract; $10.
H. Voorman to the Voorman Company (a
corporation), lot on N line of Jackson street.
137:6 E of Stockton, E 34:4^ by N 137:6. ouit
lialm deed; $1.
Walter M. Willett. to. same, same: $1.
G. H. I'mbsen & Co. (a corporation) to Ernst
A. Huenel, lot on NW corner of Filbert and
Taylor streets, W 30 by N 60, quitclaim deed;
Christian and Sophie Kobicke to same,
same; $10.
R. C. Chambers to Wells", Fargo & Co., lot
?n? n corner of Pine and Jonea streets, E 87:6
by S 12<:6; $10.
Edwin L.. Caroline L.. Alice S. and Charles I
l. <irlffith and Jeanle Dlckson to the Mlllen- I
Griffith Company (a corporation), let on S cor- '
, - r Harrison and Stanley place, SW 120 by SE
137:6; also property in outside counties; $10.
Lucy J. Doane to Mary I. Harnden and Fred
erick A. Doar.e. lot on NW corner Hawthorne
and Harrison streets. W 112:6 by N 81 gift
Jesper Jensen to F. William Hitter, lot on S
line Clement street, 82:6 W of Fifth avenue
W T& by S 100; $10.
Frank I. Francoeur to Anna C. Newborn, lot
23, block 28. City Land Association ; $10.
J. S. Angus. T. G. Crothers and W. S. Good
fellow (executors estate James G. Fair) to
Luigi Bogllone. lot on S line Courtland avenue
125_ E of Bennington street", E 25 by S 112:6;
$245.
' Timothy Llnehan to John Llnehan. lot on W
line of Girard street, 100 N of Burrows N 125
by W 120; gift.
Antonio and Margaret Colombo to Louis and
Henri Jurl. lot on NE line Bauer street, 150 '
NW of Mission road. NW 50 by NE 100, lot 20 i
block 2. Academy tract; $10. ■■ - ' '
John E. and Kate C. Byrne (Perry) to Flor
ence Blythe Hlnckley, 35 coy 164, 37 coy 200 j
estate Thomas H. Blythe, release and quitclaim
deed; $10.
Henry J. Lang- to same, 27 coy 200, 38 coy '•
250, 3S coy 352, estate Thomas H. Blythe re
lease and quitclaim deed; $1.
Edward and Mary A. Hackett, Mack and
Nettie Webber, to Charles E. Palmer, undi
vided one-half Interest following property S
line of Fourteenth street, 100 W of Oak street
W 50 by S 100, block 197; also lot on NW cor
ner Twelfth and Oak streets, W 150 by N 100
block 168, Oakland; $10. '
Sarah E. and Lewis M. Lloyd to William
Ruggles, lot on XE corner Rose and Oxford
streets. X 127 by E 69:2. subject to a mortgage
for $ISOO, Berkeley: $10. S
F. K. and Rosa M. Shattuck to J. G. Wright
lot on S line of Addison street. 325:02 W of
Shattuck avenue, W 50 by S 134.62, being lot
19, block 1, Shattuck tract. Map 1, Berkeley;
V. P. Mltchels to P. N. Kuss, lot on S line
Harrold street, 100 W of Boston avenue, W 75
by 8 115.50, being lots 22 and 23, block B, Cham
pion tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Walter V. Harrington to Caetano de Fraga
lot on W line Whlttler street, .584 N of East
Fourteenth street, N 25 by W, 146, being lot 29
block A, Resub Frultvale tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
M. Dlggs to Martin and Sidse! Ebeloe, lot 6
block H. Stone tract. Brooklyn Township: $10
C. J. Lancaster to Emily L. Lancaster, lot on
S line of Central avenue, 135:5 W of Union
street, W 39 by S 150, block 1. Bartlett GO-acre
tract, Alameda; gilt. v
William W. and Lucy Watkins to Harry D i
Wat kins, lots 5 and 6, block 178, Town of New- I
ark, subject to life estate . and to mortgage
Washington Township: gift. ■ - *
Emit Langmuth to Mary Lanirmuth. lot on
X line of Fifth street, 137:6 E of Harrison ]•*
25 by X 100, lilocl»s.S, Oakland; gilt.
Philipp Ermath ■to Katie Ermath. I lot on W
line of Chestnut street, 9)0 S of Thirty-second
S 37:6 by W 132. Oakland: gift. • '
Louisa and Paul Oestling to Sarah Quayle,
lot on X line of. Jones street. 4*B W of Tele
grnph avenue. W 50 by N 103:1014, E 50, S 103:7
to beginning, being a portion of Jones tract,
subject to a mortgage for '$"000, Oakland- $10
E. D. Judd to Bllx Smith, lot 1, Grand View
Terrace. Oakland Township: $10.
Martha G. Bailey to S. C. Drown, lot on S
line of Prince street; 114 W. of Grove. W 31 by
S 135:5, being lot 3, block 5, Central Park tract
Berkeley: $10. ' : . :...*.
S. C. and Angle Brown to L. M. ■Williamson
lot on S line of Prince street, 114 W of Grove
W P 31 by S 135:5; being lot 3, block 5, Central
Pnrk tract, Berkeley: $10. ' .
Marie Werne* and Gertrude M. Hoyt to Ed
ward Clemensen. lot on NW corner of Adeline
and Fair-view streets, W 53. 49, N 40. E 01' 81 S
44.37. to beginning, being lot 1, Werner tract
Berkeley;. $10. ■ - •..:...."■:. .„■■.-».'■
Arthur L. and Marion G. Young to Frederick
W. Searby, lot on NE corner of Le Conte and
Euclid avenues, N > 50 by E 125, = being lot 1
block 13, Daley's Scenic Park tract, Berkeley'
slo. '■ ': . V- ; ■ '.' ■: ■ 1- ' ■'■-*: .- :-.---• .:-;
W. F. and Leonora F. Woods . to- William
Murdoch, lot on • E line of- Tenth street 364 44
S of Channlng way. S 50 by 135, being lots
26 and 27. block US, corrected map of ; Averv
tract. Berkeley; $300. : . r •.! ry
Annie E. : and R. W. Sears to A. T. Spence,
lot on E line of Spauldlng avenue. 93.10 . S of
Bancroft way, S 50 by E 129.25, block 4. Spauld
ing tract, to correct former deed. Berkeley; $1.
WillardC. Doane to Alice A: - Doane. • lot on
S 'lino -of Enclna! ' avenue, - 124.40 E of Morton
street, E 50 by S 45:4. Alameda; gift. : v
W. E. .: and Ermlnla y Dargte ;to - ; Peter i Jons.
lot on NE line of Peralta avenue, 7R9.36 NW
from center line of Klnsell avenue. NW 137.74
by NE 344.55, being a portion of Peralta tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10
Antonietta and Adelin'a Malatesta (by com
missioner) to Blix Smith lot on NW corner of
Lawrence and Jackson streets, N 150 by W 100.
being lot 22. Ghirardelli tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $1064.
fllamcda County.
Christian and Martha G. Schreiber to B. O.
bchreiber, lot 8, Map of Ridgewood. subject
to mortgage for $330. East Oakland; $10
Antone and Julia Due to Lizzie Mix, lot on
SW line East Sixteenth street, 125 NW of
Twentieth avenue, NW 25 by SW 140, being
lot 18, block 26, San Antonio, "subject to mort
gage. East Oakland; $10.
John A. Oswald to *nnie B. Oswald, lot 3.
Mock F, J. W. Crawford tract, Oakland Annex;
gift.
H. G. Ambrose to Walter G. McGrath, lot on
S line Forty-seventh street. 100 E of West
street. E 40 by S 100, being the E 40 feet lot 5,
block 2112, Alden tract at Temescal, Oakland
Annex; $10.
J. E. Prewett to Alpha Prewett, lot on E
line First avenue, 157:6 N of Summer street.
N 37:6 by X 100. being the NE 12:G of lot 4. and
SW 25 feet lot 5, Locksley Square, subject to
mortgage, Oakland Annex: $1.
William Delaney to Bridget Delaney, lot on
SW corner Todd and Paradise streets, W 250
by S 135, being lots g to 12. block J, Paradise
Park, Berkeley; gift.
E. M. Derby & Company to Edwin W. Mas
lin. lot on S line San Jose avenue, 14S \V of
Lafayette street, W 49 by S l. r >o, block 14,
Amended Map Rartlett tract. Alameda; $10.
Frederic and A. J. Bryant (by commissioner)
to R. s. Farrelly, block 59, bordered by Estu
dillo, San Miguel nnd Joaquin avenues and San
Rafael street, being portion Estudillo tract,
San Leandro. Eden Township: $5732.
P. N. Remillard to Matilda Remillard, all in
terest in NW corner Grove and Thirty-first
streets. N SO by W 115. being lots 1 and 2,
block 2037, Rowland tract, subject to mortgage
for $1000. Oakland: $10.
Charles C. Pratt to Hattie J. Chapman, lots
21 and 22, block 25, North Alameda tract. East
Oakland; $J>oo.
Pacific Coast Savings Society to Ernst Koe-
I nig. lot on N line McKee street. 138 E of Ba
ker street, E 50 by N 134, block H, Amended
Map J. W. Crawford tract, Oakland Annex;
$so*.
Kate Watts to same, lots 4 and 8. block H,
! same, Oakland Annex: $10.
Eliza M. Gager to Lewis C and Frank L.
I -Hunter, 6.45 acres NE corner Humboldt and Al
i ratraz avenues; thence NX 435:6, NE G26«lVi.
! SE 410.50. W 742:2'^, to beginning, being portion
i Vicente Peralta Reservation, Oakland Town
ship; $10
F. A. and Margaret G. Brown to Antone
. Due, lot on S\V line East Sixteenth street, 125
X\V of Twentieth avenue, XW 2.') by SW 14M,
being lot 18, block 26, San Antonio, subject to
a mortgage. East Oakland; $10.
F. 'w. and Ettie Silcox to R»mlllard Brick
Company, lot on SE line Nineteenth avenue, 70
I SW of East Sixteenth itreet, SW 40 by SE 100,
i block 26, same, East Oakland; $10.
E. M. Gager to Emilie E. Grant, 645 acres
i NE of Humboldt and AWtraz avenues; thence j
NE 43.". 6. NE C2fi:lVfc SE 410.50, to point on N |
j Alcatraz avenue; thence \V itt:2% to begin- j
1 ning, being portion Vicente l'eralta Reserva- j
tion. Oakland Annex: $10.
■■ John and Sarah E. Boyd to Sarah E. Berry
anil Abble S. Mlkke] -.on. lot on S line Centre ;
street, 330 \V of Oxford, W 40 hy S 127. 50. being
; lot 7. block B, Blake frart: Map 2, subject to a |
mortgage for $1015, Berkeley; $1".
Edmond Daly to Gertrude C, Dougart, lot 31, !
Sunset tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Elmhurst Land Company and Lucille B. For
man to James W. White, lot 36, Elmhurst
Park, Brooklyn Township; SIC
Giseia Kower to Johanna K. Kower, lot on i
N line Santa Clara avenue, 115.30 W of Sixth ;
street, W 40 by N 125, being lot 2. Ruthardt
property: being also a portion Teutonia Park
and Homestead. Alnmeda: $10.
Nancy VV. Harniorc to Emma and Elizabeth ;
A. Nicholas, lot on W line Second street, 10C:2
S of Neal street; thence along Second street
106; thence W 100, N IW. E 100, to beginning,
being lots 9 and 10, block F. Revtaed Plan I
Town of Pleasanton, Murray Township; $450.
W. D. and Evalyn V. Huntinifton tc J. F. !
Dinewell, lot on SW line Sunnyslde avenue,
456.73 NW from N Oakland avenue, NW 30 by i
SW 108, being lot 6, block C, Sather tract. Oak- '
land Township: $400.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Mary A. El
lis, lot 13, Galindo tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
J. T. Bonestell to Lena Schaffer, section ?6,
township 4 S, range 2 K. Murray Township;
$100.
Builders' Contracts.
O. F. Yon Rheln. with Miller & Beck and i
other contractors, architect C. A. Meusdorffer, ,
brick, iron and atone work, carpenter work,
mill work, plumbing nnd other work for a 3- I
story brick building on NE corner Third street, ;
22 SE of Jessie: $19,747.
Hellen T. Edwards with D. T. Francoeur, to j
erect a cottage into two flats on W line of !
Castro street, 7." N of Twentieth; 52000.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, Feb. 4.
Schr Mildred, Klndlen. 22 days from Kaliu
lul; 11, son bags sugar to Hawaiian Commercial
and Sugar Co.
Br ship Cambuskerneth, Kendell, 97 days
from Newcastle, N. P W. ; 2929 tons coal to
J D Sprerkels 3c Bros Co.
SAILED.
Friday, Feb. 4.
Stmr Alnmeda. Van Oterendorf, Honolulu
and Sydney. ____^__________
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes- street; '.pon until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
Ifl6 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
251S Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open till 9 o'clock.
| CHURCH NOTICES.
; FIRST United Presbyterian Church, Golden
Gate aye. and Polk sU— Rev. M. M. Gibson, I
D.D.. pastor. Services 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
' ■", m.. Young people's services, 6:30 p. m. The i
pastor will preach at both services. The I
sacrament of Lord's Supper \ln the morn- :
Ing. The subject for evening, "The Devil's
Sneer." Let there be a full attendance of j
members and friends. Strangers also wel-
come. " . • '.-'..
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSSION Lodge~No~l6!>. F. and A. •
-M.— Called meeting THIS (SATUR- _/V_
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third «V
: degree. C. D. BUNKER. Secretary. 'V^
: MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. -xjwuua^
F. — The funeral detail will, please TV£ '
assemble in our lodgeroom TO- '~^§£- <fe=^
MORROW (SUNDAY).' at 9:30 a. 'w'^
m., to attend the funeral of our late brother,
L. A. LONDON. ;
SAMUEL. ,POLACK. Secretary.
! NOTICE— The invitation' ball of newly -J*.
elected officers of the 'Austrian Mill- jS36fts4
tary nnd Benevolent Association. •jalSiS*
that was to take place SATURDAY. jpfgEfS
February 5. IS9B. is postponed until ~ • .
SATURDAY. February 12. IS9S. In respect to ; j
the memory of our deceased brother, JOHN i
RADDICH. All the tickets standing out will
be good for that date.
M. SABADIN, President.
S. RATCEVICH. Rec. Sec. |
NOTICE of meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na- !
tional Bank of Pan Francisco will be held i
, at its banking office, 301. Montgomery St., San '
Francisco. Cal., on MONDAY, the twenty- !
first (21st) day of February, 1898. at 3:15
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during- the en-
suing year, and for the transaction of such .
other business as may com* before the meet-
Ing. D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco. January 20, 189 S. ...
Iff LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
«■'>,» ntii ami n-t»nt ads taken.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
AFTER this date I will not be responsible for
i bills against the scow Gaslight. MRS.
| EMMA MOLL. . v
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, corsets, : hosiery, underwear, bed-
spreads, towels, laces. . linings, trimmings,
veilings, etc.. very cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store, 103 Fifth st. '
MISS PEARL' HARRISON, medium and mag-
netic healer, charms. 120.a Geary St., rooms ! j
2 and 3. • . * ' .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41." Montgomery, st.," room 6; tei. 5.'.80.
i MRS. STEWERT. ' genuine i steam and cabinet j .
! baths. 120U Geary Ft., room 11.
MRS. DR. FIBH, rm. 3. 11CA Grant aye.: elec-
trician; alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled. .
MME HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116, Taylor st. :*'
! RO<*M-RENTING Bureau. room 24. Flood ! ■
:■ building, . corner of Fourth st.
I ; SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT Danish second girl, speaks Ger- ;
■ "man, desires situation. J. F. CROSETT &
: CO., 316 Sutter st. .;:;/" " : '■ ■.. :
THOROUGHLY i competent Swiss girl desires |
situation: good cook; best ref. MISS CUL- ;
■, LEN. 32.". Sutter st. : : ; : '. .-:r'--.'. '| j
j THOROUGHLY domesticated > English lady, j
I excellent cook and needlewoman, seeks hout-e- |
*.- keeper's position in small family; good, re- I
fined home chief object. Particulars, box 933. '■
Call office. v v ; « ..-•.:'
. WANTED— By ; middle-aged woman,' situation \
• to do -general housework, plain cooking, l and :
-■.washing: f wages ; $12. per month; references. - "•
■ : Apply 312 Brannan st. »> " :- : ' 1' ' ;; ■% '
: DRESSMAKER. first-class >'■} fitter. V. : stylish :
: draper,:: and designer, thorough; dressmaker i
. by the day. MISS WARWICK. S3U Geary. -
-■ ■ . ■ ■ . ■ -•- - - - ■ ..,...:..
SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
LADY of refinement, with a little child, wishes
a position as housekeeper In respectable fam-
lly. 502 Washington st., room 59.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants to wait on in-
valid; references; charges moderate. Call or
address 15 Vi Powell st.
WANTED— Housework of any kind by the day;
first-class laundress; references. 2118 Fill-
more st -
POSITION as bookkeeper, copyist or office
work; references. Call or address M. F., 933
_Misslon st.
POSITION for light housework in small fam-
ily; no washing; good references. Address
X.. Call branch office, 615 Larkln st.
SITUATION wanted by a colored woman with
good cook. Call at 1619 Polk st.
SITI'ATION wanted as stenographer by young
lady. Inquire 1510 Harrison si.
EXPERIENCED German nurse; confinement
and other sickness : best of city references;
_ te "ns reasonable. Address Nurse, 115 Seventh.
WANTED — A position as nurse or second girl.
Address MISS E. TAYLOR. Frultvale.
BY a respectable woman, situation for general
housework, cook, wash and iron; no objec-
tion to short distance in the country. Call
at 5.M-; Howard st.
MIPDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework in city or country; good
plain cook; willing to do some washing. IS3
YOUNG woman wants situation as a good
cook or to do housework In a private family;
wages $20. 106 Eddy 6t., room 37, 10 to 6 p. m.
YOUNG woman wants employment by day,
week or month: not afraid of work. Address
or rail at 1165 Howard st.
YOUNG girl from the East wishes position to
do upstairs or second work. Address 1234
Mission st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to assist with
housework. Address 362 Jessie St., near Fifth.
YOUNG girl wants place to do general house-
work or upstairs work. Call at 219 Clara
ft., between Fifth and Sixth.
RELIABLE young lady. Normal graduate,
wishes position as governess or companion;
would travel; best of references given. Call
or address N. It, St. Mary's Hospttal, 4th
STRONG Scandinavian girl wishes to do work
by the day; plain washing and house clean-
Ing. Address 1331 Fulton st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
_t!rns and want ads taken.
SITUATION.* W ANTED— SIALfcJ.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 y»s.rs) heir*
t*L Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 4141,-i O'Farrell st ; tel. East 426.
HUNTER & CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614,4 California st. ; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel.Davis6os.
STEADY, reliable young man wishes employ-
ment In wholesale or business house; under-
stands tpaming and shipping; references.
Address P. J. H.. 117 Taylor st.
SITUATION wanted hy young man from Ore-
gon; understands gardening, care of horses ,
and can milk; Is sober and reliable. Address i
box 91":, i 'all office
YOUNG man wishes situation; family: under-
stands rare horses, cows, garden, chickens,
etc.: references: handy with tools. E. S.,
Golden Eagle Hotel.
STEADY man wlsfies position as clerk or,
bookkeeper; has had 2 years' experience In
general merchandise store. Address box W.,
'Ci Twelfth St., Oakland.
STRONG. Industrious man and wife, no fam-
ily, want situations together: city or coun-
try. Add E. M. H . Box 196, Oregon City, O.
JAPANESE, excellent young boy, speaks good !
English, desires permanent situation to do (
any inside work. BENJ, box 920, Call office.
QKRMAN boy wishes situation In bakery or
confectionery: has some experience; city or
country. Address box 916. Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, has long experi-
ence and good references, wants position in
family. NAGAI. box 919, Call -office.
I'AKBER — Young man with 6 months' experi-
ence would like situation. Address box 926,
("nil office.
I.i i.\ fCl— Javanese boy wishes position as
waiter or to do housework; best of city ref-
erences. Call office.
RELIABLE young man (American) wishes pn-
sltion in private family; thoroughly under-
stands horses, gardening or milking; temper-
at»>; good references; city or Oakland. Box
90S, Call.
PRACTICAL man wants care of gentleman's
place; gardener, horseman, milker: enn fill
all requirements: reliable and temperate;
first-class references. Address box 784. Call.
STRONG, willing young man (German) wants
a job of some kind: is willing to work for
small wages. F. BOWER. 635 Pacific st.
FIRST-CLASS cake baker wishes a situation.
Address 1009 Powell st.
STEADY, temperate, reliable man wishes posi-
'< tlon In wholesale or retail house as porter or
) messenger: not afraid of work: understands
I horses: references. B"x 906, Call.
WELL-EDUCATED young man wishes employ-
l ment in office or wholesale housf>; small sal-
ary taken to begin; good references. Box
j 907, Call Office
RELIABLE man of experience (German) wants
! situation in private family as coachman and
rardener: thoroughly understands care of
horses, gardening and milklr.s: strictly tem-
ppr.ite: good references. Address box BS9,
Call office.
TRAVELING man wants position: steady and
hard worker; can keep books: best city ref-
erences: familiar with machinery and hard-
ware. Box R9D, Call office.
SINGLE man: understands the care of horses,
garden work, also handy with tools, desires
position as porter or any kind of work. Box
S9l. Call office.
YOUNG German with good references, handy
with tools, wishes position as porter In pri-
vate or business house. A. H.. box SS7, Call.
ACTIVE man. carpenter by trade: handy with
rill klii'ls of tools; low wage*. T'..>\ *03. Call.
POSITION as porter by experienced young
married German: references. Box 594. Call.
FRENCH couple for ranch: can give refer-
ences. Address A. L.. 1104 Stockton St.
YOT'NG man of experience wants a position In
dry goods store. Box 595, Call office.
HONEST, steady, reliable young man. not
afraid to work, wishes steady employment In
some wholesale house or large business; can
drive, is careful and understands horses.
Box 870. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS paper hanger and painter, hav-
ing all tools required, wants work. 1302 Web-
rter st.
GERMAN, middle-aged, married, speaks good
English, mechanic by tratlo, handy with tools,
wants any situation. Box 770. Call office.
STEADY, temperate, elderly man, handy at
all home work, care of stock, driving, etc.,
wants steady employment. Box Sl2. Call.
BAKER.- single man. first class In his trade.
wishes situation; city or country. Box 830.
Call office.
ENGRAVER and maker of monograms and
badges desires work. Box 524. Call Office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Ft., near Mar
ket: 200 rooms, 23c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bnggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the T'nited
Stntes or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
4 MANGLERS for laundry; 4 German, French
and Protestant second girls, $20 and $25; 4
cooks, German style. 's2s; laundress, private
family, $2.">; 2 German and French nurses, $20
and VS>: 4 waitresses and chambermaids, $20
ami %:, a week, and girls of all nationalities
for cooking »nd housework in city and sur-
rounding towns. J. F. CROSETT CO., 316
Sutter at.
5 MORE waitresses. Southern California hotels,
$20 a month; specially reduced railroad fares
through C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary St.
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel. $20;
waitress, hotel, $20. fare $2; waitress, city,.
$IS. ('. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
HOUBEGIRL, Auburn. $20, party here, fare
paid; housegirl. Kern County, $20. C. R.
JjANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
CHAMBERMAID for a resort, who can cook
a little until season opens, $20 to $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRLS. city and country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
EXPERIENCED girls to run a mangle ma-
chine. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
REFINED French second jrirl, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
NEAT nurse, $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st
2 HOUSEWORK gtrls. $25 each; 8 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
SWEDISH or German second girl, $25 2 In
family. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COLORED woman, country, $12. MISS CUL^
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress. $4 per week; 2 walt-
resses, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HELP WAV.^D- Con tinned.
s GERMAN housekeeper, see party here, 9 to 11
a. m., $15; German girl In family 3. $15; Ger-
man girl Alameda, $20; German nurse girl.
$10: German girl Santa Cruz, $20. MARTIN.
& CO.. 749 Market.
NURSE girl, $15; nurse girl, $18; girl. Post St.,
$20; 3 girls. Alameda, $20; girl, Clay, $20; girl,
: Pacific aye., $20; girl. Larkin, $20; 13 girls,
$15. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market.
; WAITRESS, $6 a week; call early. MARTIN
j & CO., 749 Market st.
CHAMBERMAID and wait some, $18and room,
choice place: woman to wash napkins, f*o,
board, etc.; 3 waitresses, $15 and room; Ger-
man chambermaid, $20 and room: 5 girls,
small places, $3 to $4 a week, wait, etc. ; 3
. waitresses, city, $20 and room. MARTIN &
CO., 749 Market st.
; 4 GIRLS to run mangier; call early. MARTIN
' & CO., 749 Market st.
[ 3 COOKS, $25 and room, see party here at 1
p. m. : 2 dishwashers, $15 and room. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market st.
CHAMBERMAID and wait some, $25 and room,
choice place. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market.
j CHAMBERMAID and wait, plain hotel. $20;
private family cook, $25; Protestant govern-
ess, $25: woman, with a child, to cook on
ranch, $20: laundress, plain country hotel, $20.
MI'RRAY & READY, Leading Employment !
1 Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
I THREE milliners, $15; 2 competent dress-
makers; 10 shop girls. 1023 Market st.
LADY pianist to travel with concert company;
refined; references exchanged. 313 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS glove saleslady; 2 fancy goods
salesladies: good salary. 313 Bush st.
LADY correspondent broker's loan office: 3
salesladies. 1018 Washington St., Oakland;
call quickly.
OPERATORS on steam Jiower sewing-ma-
chines to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted |
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS, 32H Fremont. I
WANTED — Ladies who have sewing-machines
and will take work home to do; all plain
light work. Address box 927, Call Office.
YOUNG German or French girl to do second
work and waiting. Call at 1610 Franklin st.
from 0 to 11, 5 to 6.
WANTED— A good cook; strong, healthy girl.
Call at 1707 Octavia st. Saturday morning up
to 12 o'clock.
OPERATORS on wrappers: power; steady em-
ployment; also girl on buttonhole machine.
STENER. 4161.2 Kills St.
WRITERS paid (S a 100 to copy adv. letters.
The Owl, 1)1, Cheyenne, Wyo.
WANTED — 20 girls for traveling show com-
pany. Address box 925, Call office.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 811
Castro st.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
Call at 518 Oak st.
BRIGHT saleslady, good talker, at stand In
Mining Fair. Apply 10 a. m., A. 8., 535 Clay, t
GIRL to Essißt with child; sleep home; $5
month. St'.Sl Twenty-fourth st.
NEAT reliable girl; housework, small family;
$10 to $12; references. 619 Valencia.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wash-
ing: call between 9 and 12. 1521 Sacramento.
WANTED— A good skirt maker for ladles'
tailor. Apply 1934 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE lady solicitor required for
established society. Box 931, Call.
, LADY stenographer and typewriter wanted; j
one who knows something about bookkeep-
Ing or corresponding preferred. Address In j
applicant's handwriting, stating salary and ■
references, box 905, Call.
EXPERIENCED cream dipper: one that un-
derstands chocolate and cream work. Box I
896. Call office.
NEAT, reliable girl, housework, small family,
$10 to $12; references. 619 Valencia st.
GIRL for second work, care of children and
sewing. 1130 O'Farrell St.
WANTED— Young German girl for general
housework. 4600 Eighteenth St.
NEAT German girl to do light housework; $15 i
month. SSfi'i Harrison st.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, ]079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
! LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 25.
; 562 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing, 35c, men's shoes, sole-
Ing, 50c: all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d.
REMOVED afratn— Dr. Wipe, the ladles' ppec-
ialist. to 14 McAllister; monthly troubles, etc.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery I
School Is the best place to learn: Mechanics'
Fair dlplor^a: patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
I 527 MONTGOMERY st.. branch office of the
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
MALE HELP WAITED.
m7I~KERS~T-
2 Portuguese milkers, near city, $30 per
month; foreman for vineyard, $60 per month;
winemaker. $75 to $100 per month ; neat boy
for store, $3 per week and increase; kitchen
hand, $30 per - month ; farmers " and others.
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPERS
25 more woodchoppers, $125 cord; 68 tie-
makers, Sc and 9c each: milker, city, $30; 3
farm hands, $15, $20. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St.
BLACKSMITHS for ranches and shops. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TIMBER scorer, see boss here; farmer and
wife. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
MARRIED ■
21, families to cut cordwood. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. .-y-; : ';
BAKERS
— — —— : -- BAKERS
3 BAKERS 1 • 1
For the mines, country shops, etc., $45 and
found, $35 and found, $30 and found; boy for
bakery, $10 and found; boy to assist in bakery
- and learn trade, $12 and found also cooks,
waiters, dishwashers. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay St. '■*.
' DRY goods clerk, see boss here to-day. MUR-
.. RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
TAILORS ■
Bushelman, , $15 week; tailor, piecework.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
KITCHEN steward who can run the store-
room and cut meats, $60. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 108 Geary st.
2 WAITERS, same country hotel, $25; Euro-
pean plan waiters, $35. C. R. - HANSEN &
CO., 10S Geary st.
CHIEF cook, restaurant, $85; broiler, $65. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st. -
NEAT bellboy, country hotel. $15 and fare
paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
4 BOYS for store work, age 15 to 16, $3 to $4 a
week: call early. MARTIN & CO., 749 Mar-
ket st.
10 MORE tie makers, 10c per tie, . redwood.
MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St. , .
2 WAITERS, arm work. $25 and room. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market st. .-■ •
BOARDING house cook, $30 and room; 2 cooks,
$45. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
WANTED— IS woodsmen to make railroad ties,
long Job. good timber and pay monthly; 3
miners. $40 and found; 5 coal miners, by ton;
blacksmith's helper, $9 week: cooks, waiters
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st. .
PLAIN ranch blacksmith and .do chores; wife
to cook for few men: steady place; $40 and
found. K. T. WARD & CO., 60S and 610 Clay.
MAN to milk" 8 cows and understands ranch
work. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
STABLEMAN and milk 1 cow, $20 per month
. and found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ,
GROCERY clerk to assist at' bar: also re-
. sponsible ueiivery man. . 1018 Washington St.,
Oakland. .
2 MORE mechanical .draughtsmen: Eastern
company; new enterprise here. 1018 Wash-
ington St., Oakland. -; .: - .-••
WANTED— Good smart '■ canvasser to devote a
few hours daily : and solicit • subscriptions
among shoe trade for our Journal; can make
a few dollars easily. Address Boot and Shoe
. Recorder, Boston. -.■■*. /
YOUNG man ;to go to Dyea to work in store; i
steady work: wages $30 per month and board; j
must have $300 cash security; answer quick.
Box SS6. Call office. .
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced clothing !
■ and furnishing goods : salesman ■ and buyer. ;
Apply Sunday. 523 Market st., room 7, from !
10 a. m. to 3p. m. ,•-■,■ -.-['.' .. : .
BOX 935— Man ■ who understands mixing drinks
■ In i a wlnehouse ; t must also ' act as salesman;
f married German 'or ; French preferred. :,
STEUART, 26— Blacksmiths, carpenters, sail-
: makers, sailors " and green hands at HER-
.'.- MAN'S.. ,. .-' : .-■ ' ' ■
. i
WANTED— lmmediately, r boiler-makers, bench
and lathe hands. Apply Albion Iron Works
Company. Victoria, ,B. C. • ; -. :J: J
WANTED— Press machinist; one who has had
wide experience on cylinder presses. Apply at
; once at 215 Bay st. .; - v ' '
AN | energetic young man, quick at figures as
warehouse ■ clerk. 1023 Market ; st. . : :[ •
MAN and wife for position of I trust work to-
gether; cash business. 1023 ; Market st. - s-.,- "-'
3 GOOD miners; placer experience; Interesting
. to right parties. ; 313 : Bush st. ■ -; . - , ■
PHYSICIAN'S ; assistant S clerk; i billiard-room
and bowling jUley marker. : 313 Bush st. i :
WANTED- Barber or ; Saturday. Emporium
. ■ Barber Shop, , Emporium : building, V Market • st.
HELP WANTED-Contlnned^
MISSION. I66lV2— Barber from Saturday noon
to Sunday noon.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday; wages $3. 2043
Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday: wages $3. Call 227
Second St.. after 7 o'clock.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 306 Fifth
street.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 106
Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon. 52 Seventh.
MONTGOMERY. 217— Bootblack at Russ
House barber shop and baths.
WANTED— At once. 1 coat, and 1 trousers
maker. Apply 1934 Mission st.
WANTED — A first-class collector. Address,
with references, immediately, box 924. Call.
LICK place. 9— Wanted, a boy to fold towels
at Lick Laundry.
63rt MARKET— Boy for printing office. HAN-
COCK BROS.. 7:30 a. m.
J-n MONTHLY and board; young man with
$150 wanted as partner; estabHsnod busiresa,
no experience required; good team. Address
CLARK, box 604, San Rafael. Oal.
i GOOD young butcher; also good boy. Apply
at 1 and 3 Union Square Market, PoweH st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply from 10 to 12 to
CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
BOY wanted to do general work in notlon-
ptnre; state age. Box 914. Call.
$225— BARBER shop; can't run restaurant and
barber shop. 52 Eighth st.
EXPERIENCED tailor for the country; Ger-
man preferred. Inquire of C. KELPE, 164
Jessie st.
MARRIED man for the country; must have
' $2." as security. Address box 885, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy: able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of th«
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become s'ich: must
b? of good character and habits ana able ta
Fpeak. read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the roc
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cat.
2000 PAIRS shoes — Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged: at less than one-
fourth their value: from 25c to $2 50. 563
Mission st., bet. First and Second sts.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
In city. Apply at 767 Market st.
CIVIL service Government positions — 50 ques*
tions and answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation. Wnshington. P. C.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. n^ar Jack-son.
WINCHESTER House, *4 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FT'CHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
LARKIN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138U Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and ttc night: 7."0 and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. K63H (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 250
to 50c night; $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM. 225 (Oriental)— Rooms. 15c to 75c per
night: 50c to $1 50 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 761V4 Mission
Ft., men to take rooms: 10c. l'c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— To cnliprt wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. P57 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call:
want ads and stihperintinns taken.
. AGENTS WANTED. '■[■
AGENTS wanted. S3S Howard st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WHY lose money by having your houses, stores
or flats vacant, when they can be quickly
rented by HENDERSON. REALTY CO (pub-
lishers of Weekly Real Estate Register) ?
Give us a trlnl. Satisfaction guaranteed.
HENDERSON REALTY C0..405C McAllister.
ROOMS WANTED.
BOX — Lady would give use of piano and
furniture in part payment for sunny room
with refined American family; reference.
FURNITUKE WAFTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion tt.: tel. Mint IS2I. . _ .-.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery Ft. : hlirh*"»* r>rf«o« pjiM. T»1. Davis 71.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A new or good second-hand water-
tube boiler. Box 897, Call. .
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
WANTED— AnviI weighing about 175 pounds.
. Address box 9, Call office, Oakland.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools. stoves,
etc. JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market st.
| SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins,
wanted: best prices; send postal. 10 10 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
LODGING HOU-J3S FOR SALE.
15- ROOM corner house on Post st $1,000
27-room corner house, clears $130 1,800
26-room house, on Geary st l,(?no
7-room flat on Geary st 350
100-room hotel on Market st 7,000
21 rooms, on Mason st., offer wanted.
36 rooms, rent $75. fine 1,100
22 rooms, offices, clears $300 month 2.750
■ H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Good chance to
make money; SO rooms: rent $76; terms half
cash; balance monthly payments.
35 ROOMS, all rented (corner house), $2000;
part cash. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
| GOING to Washington — 19 rooms, furnished;
rent $33; clears $40: bargain. 48 Seventh st.
$150 BUYS 13-room lodging-house; full; rent
cheap. Apply S2l Howard st.
TEAS.
TEAS.
20, 25, 30, 35. 4o'. 50 per pound. "
; : .= COFFEES.
10, 15, 20. 25. 35, 40 per pound.
SPICES, f
10, 15, 20, 25, 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE '
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere. •
~ CARPET CLEANING. ~~~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
- moves, lays carpets. G.- H. STEVENS. Mgr
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250. '
WHEN you become disgusted I with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 : Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c
. STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; , tel. Jessie 944.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning,": renovating
alteration works, 413 McAllister. ■*, Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 420 Batter:
tel. Main 394 WALCOM. prop.
GREAT • Eastern :> Steam ' ■ Carpet-cleaning
„: Works. :14 Bth st. : B. GRANT; tei. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
: -'.at. : cleaning, 3c a yard; J tel. Mission 74.
CONKLINS Carpet-beat Works, 333 Golden
' Gate aye.; telephone East 126. ' -.• ■..■'■■.■■-•'
MONTGOMERY. 627. cor. Clay^-Open until 9-30
- o'clock: : branch office : of The Call ; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken..
TYPEWRITER s. " - . •
REMINGTON No. 3: ! fine order; $25: sampl*
>ent. SCOTT & BANNAN. ??3 Montgomery.
t\--:'J'\y ' ■:. I'IIVSICIANS. ■'■.:-'. "
DR. C. C. O'DONNELC office: and residence? .
J : 1206 Market; : diseases . of : women a ■ specialty.BUSINESS CHANCES. <v'
-' $: BOARDING and livery stable, 1 block
from Baldwin Hotel; 5 horses, 2 buggies,
wagons, etc; rent $50; good-paying busl-
• ness. See WILKE, 753 Market st.
$I«O— CIGAR-STAND on Fourth St.: this is the
- best bargain in city; no t rent. WILKE, 783
Market St.
A CORNER saloon established many years in
"the very. choicest location; average daily re-
ceipts, about $43; other business engagements
compel owner to sacrifice. Investigate at
' once and make an offer. WILKE, 753 Mar-
ket st.
$300 — THE best paying corner saloon. on water j
front; rent $20^ a very good paying place;
owner keeps another buslnesss and must sac-
■ rlfice. WILKE. 783 Market st.
DRUG store, established many years, in very
choicest location, having the- highest reputa-
tion and a large patronage in prescriptions
and general drug business; important other
engagements compel owner to sell. YVILKK.
7£3 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED corner saloon on
Kearny st. ; doing a good steady business; j
, : " rent $26: good chance. WILKE, 753 Market.
'. *$650— DELICACIES nnd provision store: good
• business: part north of Market: handsome I
. fixtures; good trade; receipts average $18 to
$20 daily; will "ire trial to prove It; owner
• •; retiring. M. LESS, 763 Market st. I
$750— CORNER grocery and bar; best part of I
Mission; large stock; fine fixtures: 4 rooms
and baths: Al horse and wagon; owner there
17 years; retiring; great offer. M. LESS, 765
Market. • "':';■'...-.
$250— COFFEE parlor and home bakery, cozy
place with good trade; " living rooms; rent
$15; owner there 4 years. M. LESS, 763
Market.
, ; ,
9450— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; principal
street: Al business: 4 furnished rooms and ,
piano;, rent only $15; this place is given
away; call, see and be convinced. M. LESS-,
765 Market.
$1000— SALOON : rrincipal street: open day and I
I- ' night: 6 furnished rooms: reasonable rent: j
average receipts, $15: present owner there 7 ■
years; sickness o.iuse sale: genuine offer; e_-
• -mine it. . M. LESS. 763 Market st.
" $600 — FINE corner saloon on principal street:
; heart of city; near Market st.: handsome bar:
: privats rooms; electric lights, etc.; 4 good
■ • . living rooms up stairs; old-established place: '
• business speaks for itself. M. LESS, 76.".
" Market st.
• ■ $650— RESTAURANT: splendidly fitted up: in
one of best locations of city; big transient
rIaJHE-and regular trade; an "Al" offer: must be
-■„• seen to be appreciated; trial, M. LESS, 763
Market st.
$1500; CORNER grocery and bar: Western
'Addition: fine location; large stock: hand-
some bar: full investigation; Al offer. 11.
LESS. 765 Market St.
| BUSINESS men nre invited to examine lntoan j
' . old - ■ bushed manufacturing concern; !
■ •- stock and plant complete; will easily invoice j
over J2000: is offered for sa:e for less than i
invoice value: technical knowledge not ■•■-
quirrd: any one of ordinary business ability
can manage the c i crn: satisfactory reasons
for selling. M LESS. 765 Market st.
'■ $75"— FIRST-CLASS butcher shop In best part
Western Addition; splendid fixtures, large;
.. . refrigerator: horse and wagon: most desir- |
nNs class cash trade: established 20 years: i
" ' full investigation invited: satisfactory reason j
: " iriven for selling; a grand opportunity; don't :
■ miss it. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
': BUTCHER shop: paying business: going I
to Klondike cause of sale. CURRAN _ CO.,
• .30 Kearny St.
$150— LADIES' dressmaking and tailoring I
business. CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
■$130— WANTED— Steady man: light indoor busi- \
'.• ness: $30 per month guaranteed. CURRAN,
30 Kearny st.
$1200 — WOOD, coal, feed store: good bargain.
$700— Saloon, best location in city.
jsnn— Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition, j
$350— Coal oil route: well established.
c •• HJR— Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain; j
and other pood bargains at ..-.-.■
ANDERSON & WINTSTS 777 Market st.
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. 8854 Market !
St., will sell your business quick for cash.
•■ $250— PARTNER In light indoor cash business; j
well established: $*5 month to each. APM- i
STRONG. S6s^ Market, st. . I
j • = $3000— STATIONERY and' notions store: re-
ceipts about $700 month; ...
is on the best street in city. H. C DECKER, !
1020 Market st.
o ,„• $400— HORSESHOEING and Wacksmithing I
° o " 'business: short distance from San Francisco; I
, good cash trade: clearing $100 monthly: full ;
value In tools, etc. HEAL! 917 Market St. ;
"= $5".0— SALOON . and roadhouse, near city: II !
„. . rooms: pays well; 300 fowls of ail kinds; rent !
°- $25.' STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
 "? "PHYSICIAN wanted with J2OOO cash to take!
half interest in practice* which will net pur- j
'■'.' . ,tv *.•"••■ sir, per day;. applicant must be t#ro- i
•° .' per'afe iin>l strictly reliable. Address box 523 i
Carr office. ■ .. ■ - ■ i
WANT to engage In legitimate business enter- {
•prise; ample capital: state particulars, refer- t
ences: no mines, saloons or restaurants. Ad- j
dress Capital, box 921, Call.
• TO LET — Large saloon on NW. cor. McAllister '
' and..Leavenworth sts.; fine "counter and liar; j
gas fixtures: perfect order. Apply premises. !
WANTED— Partner with $600 for. established i
' "■'•%- day saloon business; guarantees $100 per!
month on investment. . Box 522. Call.
— SALOON; 8 furnished rooms; bar fixtures;
f»tablished business: Klondike crazy: Ad-
dress box 932, Call office.
BUILDING, 2."x125; any business; eoalyard, bi- j
• : cycles, plumbers, carpenters; 5 rooms; lease, j
J216 Oak st. j
MILK ranch for sale: reason sickness: good
trade; ?1 cows. Address box 923. Call.
° "FAMILY liquor store: cheap: owner retiring
from business. Box 917. Call Office.
CORNER butcher-shop <_ established 20 years:!
•o clears 1100 a month: relit $15, stable Included: |
mupt b-^ sold before 15th. For particulars I
call at 403 Van Ness aye. ; shoe store.
BARGAIN— Kay. grain, wood and coal '>usl- |
ness; good 'ion: paying well; must sell j
and leave city account of sickness. Address I
box 914. -Call Office. •
WANTED— Partner with $300 cash; good busi-
ness; must be willing to go to Denver. Colo •
Investigate. R. BENJAMIN, 111 Ellis, city.
ONE of the best paying saloons in Sao Fran-
<-lsco; 5 venrs 1 lease; sold on account of sick-
ness. 11l Grant aye.
BLACKSMITH shop: pood location: complete
with tools, etc. Inquire 1510 I'evlsadero st.
TAILORS— OId-established business for sale-
1650: bargain. Box fill, Call race. -
FURNISHED country hotel, 50 rooms, $400.
j*PP!.v.W. J. V., Ru.=s Hou?e.
CORNER grocery; best location in the city.
Box 6SS, Call. *; ;
! GROCERY for sale on corner Twenty-stxth and
Howard sts.; must sell on account of death;
beap rent.
SALOON, with rooms; private entrance;
rent $25. CG6 Mission ,«t., near Third. '
$600-rSALOON and restaurant: opposite depot;
terminus 2 car lines; living and club rooms; ;
rent $40: hett bnsinepq crpen'nc- in market
= Inquire WIgLAND'S BREWERY.
PARTNER with *300 to engage in business i
paying SO cents on the dollar. Call or address i
W. F. DRISCHMAN. 101 State st., San F,ran-
c= clsco. Call mornings.
SCHOOL supply and candy store, opposite
Grammar school with 600 scholars; house of
6 rooms with store, rent $16; price $275. 1262
Tenth aye.. East Oakland.
PLAY the races on our new system; $C 0 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau.
rooms 5 and 6. 850 Market St., San Francisco. :
FIRST-CLASS tailoring establishment: cen- |
. trally located; must sell account of sickness. i
: Box 857, Call office.
CORNER saloon, good. location, south of Mar- i
ket St.; good stock and nice fixtures: side ;
rooms, etc. ; very reasonable. Box CM, Call. j
1 PATENTS^ :
SMITH & OBBORN. Regisfd Patent Agents;
established 1862. 319 Pine st., city.
EXCHANGE— Lot In Excelsior Homstead for
painting and paper-hanging. W. M. EL-
BOM. 1346 Market st. .
, FRENCH liquor, store for sale or to" let. 52S
Valencia Ft.
FIRST-CLASS bakery. 4 horsen and 2 wagons;
good outeide trade. Inquire at Call office.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st., Portland. Oregon. v
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from.GEO.
W. SWELL & CO.'S. -»15 Sacramento st
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
I KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers, 5.31 Washington.
MAR] BG3^— Part interest in patent right
for -Alaska prospecting vehicle:- adjustable to
slope;- fit any road, -C. KOENIG. , - •
COPPER River party, will grubstake a first- I
claps carpenter andboatbullder; also a good |
cook and camp man; they must.be well rec-
ommended and in perfect physical condition.
Address box 897. Call office. - '
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
in Alaska. E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway,
-.„ Oakland. c a i. ■■ . . ■ ' -'
STORAGE.
'AT low "• rates— Furniture, ■ carpets, - piano*,
household goods; -. clean, ■ light compartments;
advance* made. NOON AX. 1017 to 102J
Mission St.; above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household, Roods: pianos; ad-
vanc^.T made: fireproof building. F. ;W. ,
BSKFCSS, 840 Mission at. Tei. -Mint, 1821. - j
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN ■ '■ ~
. You see houses to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. '
BROADWAY. 1512, near Polk— 2-story house,
6 rooms and bath. -. , "
GLEN PARK, 36. off Twelfth St.— 7 rooms,'
bath. laundry;. 2 yards; $25. DEMPSTER..
HAIC.HT. 1021, between Broderlck and Baker-
Nice 6-rooni sunny flat; fine view.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, bath, yard; rent $20. Keys
on premises, 1635 Hyde st. '.-■
JULIAN. aye., 117. near Sixteenth and Mis-
sion— 7-room house; modern Improvements;
$17 50.
LAGUNA. 2SIO, near Union— House of 6 rooms
and bath.
MINNA, 523% — House of 6 sunny rooms, " in
good order. Apply 323, next door.
NEW house. 7 rooms; bath, basement, large
yard; $20; water free. 630 Point Lobos aye.
2-STORY house. 5 rooms, bath; large yard;
$22 r.O : water free. -2623 Pine st. ■ ■■': w
FURNISHED HOUSES.
BUCHANAN. 511 A —Furnished sunny corner, 5
rooms, bath; reasonable. .
FURNISHED house of 8 rooms, bath and
piano: rent reasonable. Apply Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COLLINOWOOD, 21S, between Nineteenth and
Twentieth— Cottage. 4 rooms and stable.
FOUR rooms and stable in good order. 1314
Jessie st. : rent reasonable. -
MINNA, 633— A cottage of 6 rooms, bath; large
sunny yard; rent $20.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms: bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 1576 15th. near Dolores.
TURK 1562 Cottage, 4-room; also 3-room rear
cottage; large stable: rent reasonable. .
FLATS FURNISHED.
HOMES fitted out at half regular price at the
big Bale of the Michigan furniture and car-
pets at PATTOSIEN'S. Sixteenth and Mis-
si, in £ts. . —
FLATS TO LET.
so NICK flats and cottages, under $10.
a -inn nice flats cottages atvl houses, 510 up.
Knew flats at SPECK &• CO.'S. 602 Market.
ALL OVER TOWN rent by BALDWIN^
You see fiats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
BROADWAY. 1122 A —Choice upper sunny flat,
4 rooms. $13. .
ci V.YTON 574. south of Frederick— mod-
ern flat. 4 rooms and bath: cheap.
CLEMENTINA, 435— New bay-window flat Of.
5 rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
FLAT of 4 nice sunny rooms. 1207 Howard St.,
near Eighth. /
4~AND~6 room flats: some with gardens; sunny;
attractive- view; on Twelfth st. and Glen Park
aye • $12, $13. $14, $18 and $23 50. DEMPSTER,
. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
$14— SUNNY corner flat, • 5 large rooms. 513
Stevenson st.
FULTON US— Fine middle flat, ? rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $2«.
GEARY, Beautiful flat. 8 rooms, bath,
with every convenience. $30.
GUERRERO. 1001 A, cor. Twenty-second— gun-
ny modern fiat: 6 rooms and bath; $24.
MOPS, 30. near Seventh— Upper flat. 5 rooms;
b:ith: rent $16; key corner Howard.
NATOJIA, 606-608-510, near Sixth— s<> to $12;
sunny and convenient; see them to-day.
O'FAURELL. 923— Furnished basement, cheap,
with large yard and kitchen.
SACRAMENTO, 3647, corner Spruee — New. sun-
ny flat of five rooms: bath, yard and cellar.
$13 — WATER free; lovely sunny lower 4-room
fiat: modern: large lot: garden. 4073 Twenty-
third St., a few steps from Castro care.
112 ro— Cheapest fiat in city; 4 rooms and wash-
tubs. S2O Larkin st.
♦??— j-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell St.. near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS, i
CASTRO. 403, rear— 2 or 3 nice sunny. conveni-
ent housekeeping rooms; large yard; cheap.
EDDY. 628—3 elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; parlor, floor: : private: . just
what you want: references; call after 2 p. m.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— 2 Bunny unfur-
nished rooms; good yard: $7.
FIT J. More. 2118— Sunny., housekeeping rooms;
also-single rooms. .-•* -."•:.:.- _■■ • • ; -. c
FOLSOM.. 974— Sunny double ! and single fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
JACKSON., 920. near Mason — Large front
sunny housekeeping rooms furnished: $8 to
$10. ~ ■ . •
HOWARD, 504 — Completely furnished sunny
front suite for housekeeping;. $11 per month.
MAIN. 311— 3 furnished rooms for light house-
keeping, $8 a month.
MASON. "11 — sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MISSION. 1063— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: bath, gas: no objection to children.
MISSION. 1243—3 finely furnished connecting
rooms: first floor. 1241 Mission St.; $22 30.
NOE. 151— Sunny alcove suite, furnished; 1 or
2 persons; $5 per month.
OAK. 54— Two furnished rooms; housekeeping
if desired; new house.
PERRY. -263— 4 unfurnished, all large, r light,
sunny rooms, $12.
SIXTH. ' Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
SIXTEENTH. 2926— Tw0 unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; light and clean; gas; $9.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, € nice sunny rooms,
including bath.
STOCKTON. 611, near Pine— splendidly
furnished large rooms, and floors of three
unfurnished rooms; large garden.
THIRTEENTH, 213, near Howard— connect-
ing furnished rooms; range; yard; hot water;
grate.
TURK, 411 A— t 2 and 3 rooms furnished, $10.
$13 and $20: -gas range. . .
"TWELFTH. 115, corner Howard— Sunny bay-
window suites, complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS. 402— Unfurnished parlor floor, 4
rooms; also large double furnished room;
newly renovated.. Apply at 400.
WASHINGTON. COt~ Why pay car fare and use
extra fuel? Three sunny unfurnished rooms
ItS: also 2 for $6; marble washstands; running
water. ■
ROOMS TO LET.
ARL^lNGT^N^^uVeT^^pa^^^t^^ea^ant
sunny -rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable. " . •
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Nicely furnished
sunny single and double rooms, $8 and $10 per
month; also nice suites.
ELLIS, 720— Two nice clean single rooms In pri-
vate, family; $5 and $6 per month.
FELL, 333, near. Gough— Small furnished front
room.
FOURTH, Nicely furnished double room
for 2 gentlemen; $8 per month.
FULTON, 3 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms; single or en suite; $? and $15 up.
FULTON, 140— Nicely furnished sunny single
and double rooms; private family; $8 and $10
per , month.
GEARY, 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7. .
GEARY, 618— Nlcelv furnished housekeeping
suites; ,. sunny back parlor for 2; also single.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 425— Pleasant room, suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
GUERRERO, 536, cor. Thirteenth— 2 nicely fur-
nished rooms: sun all day: bath; use of
kitchen If desired; rent reasonable.
GUERRERO, SE. cor. Twenty-second— Hand-
some new store for any business; rent low.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: ■ elevator; moderate rates; families. ■
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. .
HAVES, 531, near Laguna— Furnished room;
bath and gas. .•
HOWARD. Nicely furnished sunny single
and double rooms. $4 per month upward.
HOWARD, .650— Nice front sunny single room;
also one room with grate; suitable for one or
two. • - v
HOWARD, , 715, ST. . DAVID'S— 2OO .rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room: 25e up.
HOWARD, 751— Nice clean furnished single
room, $C per month; bath.
HOWARD, 089— Doctor's office to let; also
suite or single rooms;, reasonable. . ■ .-. .-
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— Large sunny : front
suites; also single; for gentlemen.
LARKIN.' 327— Newly furnished . sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion. . '•'•*:.
LEAVENWORTH, " 1018 — Nice sunny single
furnished rooms, • $6 per month; bath, gas.
LEAVENWORTH, 1906, near Green— Five un-
furnished rooms.. .' . ■ : , /• ~: "-
MARKET, 860— Elegantly furnished suites and
single rooms for Jubilee visitors. • .-'• ;
MARKET, 1032— (New management): fine, clean
, rooms, $.1 to $2 50 per week; transient, 25c up.
THE RAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5. 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. ..
MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)—
unfurnished; single rms., suites; Jubilee vis.
MCALLISTER, 511— Elegantly ' furnished first
floor parlor suite, suitable for doctor: $20 per
month; front suite, second floor, $15: single
room, $7; bath and gas; private family. ;
MCALLISTER, ' — Nicely furnished front
suite, $15; sunny single room, $7; bath, gas,
hot and cold water. » ;
MISSION, 854— Bay-window - double parlors;
suitable for physician, or dentist. .
POLK, 2214. near City Hall— Nicely furnished
double room ; $7 per month.'
POST, 239, 3 blocks Palace- Hotel (Bohemia)—
Sunny rooms; fine view; tourists; elevator.'.
POST, 501, cor. Mason (The Randolph)— bay
window parlors; smaller rooms; running- wa-
ter; gas; $1 50 to $4 50 per week; $5 to $20 per
month. ■ >■ :
POST. 2406— can get nicely furnished
room in private home; very reasonable; use
of kitchen or board if desired. ■
POWELL, New. house; newly furnished;
. suits and single; also office rooms.
R. R. HOUSE. 533 Commercial, near Mont-
gmy— Beds, 10c, 15c, etc; coffee and rolls free.
SECOND, 52 (Central House)— and
double rooms; most reasonable; quiet and re-
spectable.
SECOND, 115— Nice clean single and double
rooms; $1 per week and up; gentlemen only.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 ' Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Furnished bay-window room . and
other rooms, $1 a week up.
STOCKTON. 17, European— rooms;
suite or single: day, week or month: baths:
hot and cold water; transient; elevator. .
SUTTER, 715-717-719. _nd 699 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.: choice for offices: reasonable.
TENTH, 111. near Market— Large sunny front
rooms ; # stove and : closets.
.THE. STANFORD. 320H', Sutter— Suits, single
rooms for Jubilee visitors. 50c to $1 50 day.
600 BUSINESS cards printed $1; 15 -visiting
cards. 2"c. HILL. 72 ! ' i Market st.
HOARDING AND ROOMS
DELIGHTFUL home for a gentleman Is ob-
tainable in a private family, residing on a
Bunny corner In the Western Addition: con-
venient to four car lines. ■ Address J. W.,
box 566, Call office.- . ,
EDDY. Sunny front single and double
rooms: first-class board, $3 50.
FOLSOM. Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. JV!
GEARY. Nicely furnished room, with first-
class board: bath, gas and telephone. V; ■ ~
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds: ta-
ble unsurpassed. 259 Hyde. «*or. Eddy.
JONES, 610— Elegantly furnished sunny par-
lor: also nice single room; bath "and gas;,
board optional.'
527 MONTGOMERY. cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
POWELL. Large sunny corner j room,
piano: single rooms. $20 up with board.
THIRD. 530 Rooms and board: choice suite
two front rooms: suitable for two gentle-
men or man and wife, in hotel ODDOSIte
South Park: excellent board, terms $45 per
month with board. Apply Central Hotel. '
THIRTEENTH. ?25, near Valencia— Front par-
lor and board. $5 a week; other rooms. ■
STTTF.R. Elegant sunny parlor suite;
hot and cold water: for physician,' family,
etc.; board or not.
TURK. 812 — Nice rooms and board in private
family: bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door: terms $20 up.
VAN NESS avp.. 808— N»wly furnished sunny
rooms: rood board: terms moderate.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
PLEASANT, refined home, best of care for 2
little girls at 1727 McAllister st.
WANTED— A child to board: best of care;
; terms reasonable: 1131 McAllister st.
WOMAN wants 1 or 2 children to board; good
home, near school: sunny yard; fresh milk. ;
2251 Mission St. . '-'/-J'.
STORKS TO LET.
CHURCH.' 1302— Nice corner store; ' rooms;
cheap; first month free. . '"
STORE and room to let, suitable for a tailor
shop. 632 Bhrader st. '^
$2S_.Fn-R"Ni?!!irTCD targe fireproof store: center
of business. St.. Helena: long lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena. Cni. ■';•'*• ; '* ; '*''
STAPLES .TO LET, .
■*■ ' ■ j
CORNER of Lincoln and Leavenworth sts.,;nr. i
Green: stable with accommodations 4 horses.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 579, odp. Wells-Fargo's new build-
ing— Second and third floors: power available
for straw works, paper box or shirt fac-
tory, etc.
MEDICAL.
A PROCESS that Is perfectly harmless: never
fails In any case of monthly sickness, no j
matter what cause; no electricity humbug
or other dangerous methods: money fn every !
case refunded if a cure is not effected; I
travelers helped Immediately; years' experi-
ence: home in confinement with sanitarian
convenience?. Consult free the only reliable
physicians, DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1 City
Hall aye., corner McAllister, and Leaven- '
worth sts.; hours, 9 a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p.m. I
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions '■
from whatever cajise restored at once: safe |
and sure at any time: kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers: tumors re- i
moved by electricity; home In confinement:
best cure and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where: regulattnsr pills anl capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WYF.TIT, 91S Post st , near Larkin.
A PROCESS thfit never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
r.iuse In few hours when medicines and others
have failed; no Instruments used: many
years' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free" terms reasonable: first-class pri-
vate home for " confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY, 1126 Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
SURE cure, whin others fail: no medicine, or
Instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what caose; restore In 1 day: never falls: con-
sultation free; can be sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. 31* Kearny. Orders by tefe.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women: ladles;
safe, oulck cure guaranteed; any ailment:
maternity home: best care: skill only; low
fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure, $5. 401 Van Ness.
Al;OON to wiv>« and mothers— See-iiro; prlo»
. H 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. : send
?c stamp for particulars Jo , Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 831 X st.. Sacramento. . Cal. ,
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
fer.i.\ '•» tr->.r'es: no danger: safe. >-ur-: S2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until no late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. ('»!.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases, of monthly Irregularities; guaranteed
cure at office. $5: capsules. $2 10; hours 10 to
5. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
DR. HALL. 1 City Hall aye., cor. McAllister
and Leavenworth.Bts. ; diseases of women and
children. . /\r-
STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. Sattler, gradu-
, ate midwife. 1709 Powell St.; tel. Red 2641.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible safe reme-
dies; 38 years. experience.. Fourth st.
HOME In confinement; diseases . of t < women.
MRS. DR. FUNKK, 1418 Bth Alameda.
DRS.- K. & K. cure chronic.' nervous, blood,
skin or 1 private diseases. .S Mason St.. S. F.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates;- crown i
■ and brldce work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted: fillings 50e, crowns
$360; all work . painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors,, 24 Sixth st:
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; .painless : extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $.' up; silver
filings,' 25c. up; gold crowns, $3 60 up; your
tfeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
' 997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 655.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 50e;
plates, $5;- gold filling, 75c up;, silver, 25c -up;
plates ' mended, . $1 up; special Inducements '<
to Klondike™.; .open evenings- and ■ Sundays, i
,969 Mission St., cor. Sixth. : :,--.:.;;.,...:
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th : no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates. made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting 50c; ; gas given. ■  ■-.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, : genuine Leek dent-
ißt, discoverer •of • painless extraction r and
patentee ', of ■ improved bridge , work or i teeth
. ■'. without plate, moved from 6 to ■20 : O'Farrell.
FULL set lof teeth ; ■: best make ; ke*pt in
- repair; extracting free; ' fillings. . 50c; crowns,
$3 CO. r Pacific Dental Parlors, slB Third st.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, I has "resumed
.practice. 44,Donohoe bldg, Market &r& r Taylor.
L. "; A. TEAGUE, . A.' CANE ' and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. 'J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st. ; " • '
SET of teeth without . a plate.. DR. H. ;C.
; iYOUNG.'ISU Polk st. F- 'v; ':': ,.- -.-"",r : . ;: '-; ;
COLTON Dental : A— oHatlonr RO6 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ,■'• " ;
m sin: PERSONALS
PLAIN dress skirts, 50c; children's dresses, 25c
up. 46Vi Clara st. :. -..•;.* ■ " - ......
JOS. GREVEN proved actually his ability to
cure every .voice ruined by bad habits or . a
poor singing method and 'develop it to the
greatest strength and beauty In a short time.
Murphy building, Market and Jones sts. ,- ■-.;'
AM prepared to wait on all who come to my
parlors: plenty of room; hairdresslng,
good switches. $1; best, finest quality, $3 50;
extra heavy, long. $5; f peri .Sundays 9 to 12
a. m. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. ■■'.:'. i-.
CRYSTALLIZED disinfectants for sale cheap.
48 Seventh st. ■ ' ■ ■;.- .
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic has the highest in-
dorsements. G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
NEW method massage, .electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, 514^ Geary.
DR. MOHRDIECK. electro-therapeutics; dis-
eases cured; consultation free. 40C& O'Farrell.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free, bus and , baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse:
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladies, gents. 906 Market st., room 25, 2d floor.
ADVICE free: divorce specialty; pilvate;
no fee without success: collections. - G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and : badge buttons. ' made in
Fan Francisco at Eastern prices. ' WALTER
If- BRUNT. R35 Clay St.. a F. -
SUIT to order •on easy installments. I*
LKMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th arid Sth.- •
$14— Suit to order: : samples; try one. ■ NEU-
HAUS *: CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st. .; '
CLOAKS and : tailor-made suits retailed at
h"hle«:nle figures. 20 Sansome st. •■;■•■■
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
mt>c t.r vvjr-p. ?iir. n-,=i,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVED' ARRIVED! ARRIVED!
TRANCE MEDIUM AND CLAIRVOYANT.
DR. REEDE.
• :HE TELLS E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G. -r; :-U
Hp gives full names, dates, facts and fig-
ures. Dr. Reede wishes It distinctly under-
stood h» accepts no fee. unless you find him
SUPERIOR TO ANY MEDIUM or Clair-
voyant in San Francisco. When In doubt or
trouble of any kind see this gifted man: and
he will set you right." He has helped others. 1
He will help you. He doesn't want your
money if hp can't benefit you. .
■ Private parlors, 236 Sutter, nr. Kearny; r. 1.
Office hours from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. Sun-
days to 2 p. m. : ■ . . ■ ,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every .hidden mystery
in life: she will show yon how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troublq.«., restore
lost affections; unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property: locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire 'life.
; past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. S<-nd stamp
for crcular with snec'nl terns. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rrr". 25 & 26, 120R Market, opp. 6th.
JIMr PORTER. : wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil ' and second- sight:
diagnosis disease: full life readme: la.. 50c:
gents, $1: palm. & clalrv.: Bit. $150,126 Turk.
MMF LFNRMAF*— told hv nlanets;
predicted "74" overdue steamer. 23U Sixth st.,
room 6. ! * :
MMF. LE NORMANDB, clairvoyant, card
reader: magnetic treatment; hours, 10 to 9.
401 Leavenworth st. ..
MISS JENNTE BROWN, arrived: magnetic
healer: mind reader. 223 Post St.. room 11,
second floor. , . . ' . .- ; .*''.
MMF. IDA SCHMIDT, msrnetist, card reader
and fortune teller. 111 Geary, room 2.' .
MYRTLE POTTF.R — Returned: . cardreader,
magnetist. 865% Market St., room 12. 2d floor.
MMF. MOREATT. test medium, : clairvoyant,
card-reader; 23c up. 73 Fourth St., upstairs.
MME. SYBTLLE. cradle to g--nvp: future hus-
band's picture 2"c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS L<~>LA' M. STEVFVS. card-reading and
magnetic treatment. 225 Mason, suite 1-2.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
3; mind reader and palmist.
RAY FAIR — Card reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2. '■-.'■
MMF OLLIE LAKE: returned from Chicago;
card . reader. : 906 Market St., or 9 Ellis, r. 22.
MISS MELVILLE, "treat clairvoyant and
water reader. f'2l l ? Mission; German spoken.
MME.. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer: past,
present and future: 25c. 11' Sixth, room 5.
MRS. SHAFFER- *• 8 t • ■■' >p'.isiness medium:'
sittings dally 123". Sixth st.. room 14. .a,,*
MRS. MANDENA. medium 'and palmist! read-
ings 2"c this week: satisfaction gnr'td. 26 6th.
MRS. ANNA THOMAS— In her pro-
fe«xinn:* n»ver falls: advice: heln. 9"29 Post.
MME. RAVFNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: ?"c ur. X Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for X c ts— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mnll'ng. '.'">: X ' -
• SPIRITUALISM.
MARKET, 909, : Crystal Hall— Musical enter-
tainment and dance: everybody welcome; 10c.
MISS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny st., room 24.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant : eTr! Tups.
Frl. eve. ; 10c; readings dally: 23. BOe; 108 6th.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. -WHITNEY, spirit medium, for
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at • cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $3. $c. $7, $S, $9,
$10: handsome , scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and -low price pianos wiiero they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice.: SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny, and Sutter ets.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30, O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments . of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CONOVER, slightly used, $3. ,0. .
Stelnway, slightly used. $275.
Chlckerlng. second hand. $130.
Large stock, lowest prices, rent. Installments.
The F.W., SPENCER CO.. ■:-.■', Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices: -improve thi opportu-
nity; agency famous Halnes Bros.. Bush &
Gerts and Bollerman. . WM. c. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. ..Bancroft * Co., 324 Post.
BARGAINS to-day— A small English - unrlght.
$50: Decker & Son, medium size, $175; Decker
£■ Son. large size. ,$250: new Pecker _ Son.
all styles at bargains. 769 Market st.
READY Monday— Rayon *. I?;>con, $S0 - Ma-
thnshek. $143: Weber. $147: Vose _ Sons.
$17. r .: fine condition: $"• per month. BENJ
CURTAZ & SON, 16,0'Farrell st.
AT GARDNER '& GLASSFLL'S. 208 Post st
you will. find a large and varied stock of
; pianos; prices and terms as reasonable a3
. any house In the city.
LARGE assortment 'second-hand pianos .s6o*
"nrltrhts. Teers & Pond. Docker. Stelnway 1
Hornung a/id others. 216 Post st. •-
FINK Stelnway to-day at half cost THE J
DEWTNG CO second floor, Flood build-
Ing, .Fourth and Market sts.
SOHMER&Co., Byron Mauzy. Newby Evans-
P.rlrsrs and o^er pianos; see our rent plan"
no Interest first year. ,• 30S. . 310, 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos fit
Immense reduction for rash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market . St. ' '•■
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
BARGAIN— Nice. upright cheap. RCHMITZ 16
McAllister ft., near Hlbernla Rank.
KINGSBURY flß<>7 model) Is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. m Hayes St.,
SUPFPTOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE pianos; : new scale: new", styles.
KOHT.FR Xr r~ ASK. 30 O'Farren st.
'horses. v ~~T .. ; ;. :
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan's . Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
JUST: arrived— carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. . 145 Valencia st. ■
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought," sold
or exchanged: chpnp storage: 40 horses; "must
.sell.; T. P. NEAVELL. ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th. s
40 HORSES for ; sale: : also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.. auction sales every Wed-
npsrinv. SULLIVAN fir DOYLE. Auction ears.
' . WAGOrs AND CARRIAGES. <; ; '-'•';.'
WE sell at bargains the second-hand carriages,'
• coupes and wagonettes taken in exchange
r O'BRIEN. & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
;■". and' Polk Bt.",y- ::••■-■••,.-■*•_-"••.■•.-'• .. .■•■':-i^M '
SECOND-HAND grocery. - bakery. •: delivery
1 wagons, 2- wheeled . carts, road wagons, bug-
'?}'. gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts. ..>;...'. .' ; -.-.■.-,.■/ . - •■■ .._
TOP buggy, ■ new grocery/business buggy and
- good ■ 3- spring . delivery wagon. . ;i6l .Howard.
FINE laundry, baker' 8 and milk -wagons cheap
•> for cash. or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. *iaigSi| !
CITY aBAIi ESTATE. V
2 LOTS for sale cheap; Precita Valley. Apply
to JOHN T. GRAHAM,' 27B Alabama st. M
2 LOTS for sale cheap; Precita Valley. Apply
to JOHN T. GRAHAM. £7th and Alabama ets.
STOP, paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home Is worthy of
a ■ great . struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath. large pantry,
Plenty of ; closet room, sink tiled, fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern Improvements up to date; must be seen to
be appreciated: $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on. premises, corner Cortland aye. and
Mission st, to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
3:30 p. m. ; take Misslon-st. cars to Cortland ay.
SIX-room house: new: easy terms; ■ Mission;
swap part payment for vacant lot. BABIN,
41t Kearny. . '
COUNTRY i(EVI, ESTATE.
$5000— SPLENDID stock ranch of 1000 acres;
right in Alameda County: for only $5 per
acre; good chance for investment and a bar-
gain. . Apply to r ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
FIRST, 264— 51150;. 150. acres pasture or chicken
ranch; house of 5 rooms; :3 large . bams,
chicken ' houses, milk .house; live- creek
through place; plenty of wood; family, orch-
ard; 40 miles from San Francisco. . .
FOR rent— acres, 16 In bearing fruit: cow;
horses; $225 per year. DECKER, 1020 Market.
MILL Valley— Bale, house, furnished or un-
furnished; .very reasonable. Call or address
box 884, Call Of flc%.'.. i v '. ■; _ •.,.-.■■.- .■■;
$120 PER year, • for rent, chicken ranch of 12
. acres, located near Oakland. Inquire at 1802
Myrtle street,". Oakland. ■■-■ , .
ADDRESS box S4S, Call office, to get descrip-
• tion of ranch for the purpose of blddlnr on
.It; either in exchange of property, or cash.
ANY one wanting a ' small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly Improved, pnyahle on very easy terms,
apply to room 703. Claus Sprockets : building. ■■•
LITTLE homes close to town; improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. '.. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City ;
every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F." .-.'.
2000 ACRES of coal land In one body for sale.-
For particulars apply to NEIL MUNRO, Russ
House. 141 Montgomery st. S. ,F., Cal. - :
BOOK and list of cheap land free. . M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
T'HOI'KRTY TO I \C\V\r,: . - .
GOOD- RENTING Oakland property~~to~ex^
change for ranch**. EDSON & TURTON
1209 Broadway. Oakland. ■ , ;
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per . cent . on real estate:
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided inter-
ests, .real estate in probate, life Insurance,
-goods in warehouse, furniture and pianos
without removal ; mortgages and legacies
bought; no delay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3. >-,-. ' .■. ■ . ; ,
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no" delays, J.
NOONAN..IOI7 to 1023 Mission, above "Sixth ;
tel. South 14. - '.
ADVANCES quick, on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage: life ins. poli-
. cies, house rents, bank books, etc.: low in-
terest; private; no com. R. 68. 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances. on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 918 Market St.: tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and 6% per cent:
also on second mortgages; life insurance and
reai estate in probate; any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
LOANS on real estate and on furniture, or
pianos without removal; any amount; lowest
rates. BECKER & CO., 32S Montgomery st.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds Plow interest;
perfect secrecy; private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants: Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. UDstnlrs: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1569. . . -'. . ,
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate.- etc. Room 7. 508 California st.
$50 TO $50, 0W: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mo-tg •
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages. estates, etc: MURPHY, ! 62S MTU st.
ON pianos, furniture: :no removal: lowest
_ rates: no com.; private, - 116 McAllister st. .
SIXTH, Most ■ reliable place- to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry. ■ ,
'FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery, st.— Loans on life r
insurance policies' and buys bank books.; -'
LOANS on real : estate, ' bonds, etc. i - lowest
rates.' , McAFEE BROS.. IPS Montgome-- • st.
EDUCATIONAL. ..:.
HEALD'S . Buslhess' College, 24 Post : . Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed slnce # 1892; catalogue. ■
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market stT
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING i school ; civil, electrical. '. min-
ing. m^ch., survey, assay, arch It. ; day & eve.;
e«=t. .1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr*!« counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 555 Market ft. ":•■'}:'-
VOICE culture, piano Paris, graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 10 5 Taylor st.
FLUTE.- mandolin, r"ltar lessons; club SI
monthly. PROF. OASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket st; 124 positions In '96; 103 1n. '97.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 928 Slitter st. " '
FISK teachers' agencies In 10 cities; teachers
wanted now. , 420 Parrott building. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
Ptnt's or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
. • free. -' ' ' " "■• : ' . -.■•■■ ■-•.-•-
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Bcale st. '
FIXE upright piano t for . $150. cost : $400, at
UNCLE HARRIS , 15 Grant aye.  : .. .
DOUGLASSS, 120— Bernard pup; 1 year old;
champion pedigree; half price. . .■ .: •-
INDIAN curios, stone war implements, ' stone
axes, mortars and pistols, arrowheads, stcne
spearheads, stone knives, beaded work of all
. kinds, horse-hair work; papoose cradle, ■ elk
and dear heads.'; Room 208. Russ House.' : ;■
2 LARGE dogs trained ■ for i hauling j for
Alaska.' Call O.C. THOUELL. Sixth aye.,
between I and J Bta., South San Franicsco.
ANY one wishing a heavy thoroughbred, New-
foundland dog, call at 12 Ctiase St., West
Oakland. , mm -•■-.!■ ■
SAWMILL. $123: steam pump, *«0: 4-horse-
power engine, $65. ■ TAYLOR, 690 Brush St.,
Oakland.. . - ,
LARKIN, Dressmaking store.' with 3 liv-
ing-rooms and furniture; low rent.
NEW $220 sealskin for $100. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. . ; -.} ■..-..■*. - ; ■■ ■■■.■■:■
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky. 85 proof, $16 30; Mc-
Brayer whisky, , 100 proof, 5 years old, $22;
At Jamaela rum, $16 85; extra quality port.
sherry, nnpelien, muscatel or Rhine wine, . 2
years old. $6 50; 4 years. $7 SO; real ; 6 year,
$8 CO: genuine grape brandy, 100 proof. 3 year,
$22: 5 year, $24 50: Zinfandel . claret, -. $4 35;
Burgundy claret. $.>. > 2": no charge for cooper-
age or drayage: It. pays to, buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 628 Market st. , S. F. ,. .,: \
SAFES— New- find second hand: cheaper, than
ever. , Hermann Safe Fac, 533"- Sacramento.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo." motor, belts 'and
pump. H. : S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. -v V-:..V '- : ..- ■■
J ■ R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st. *. : • ■
5000 PAIR shoe" lasts: also' dealer' In second-
hand tool.«, machinery, • etc.: mail .orders
promptly attended to. 616 Mission st. . . .
GAS stoves for. heating, one-half price; : 1 and
2 bowl barber wafhstands," cheap. . . HTTF-
SCHMIDT/ 623 Golden Gate aye. : • ^ c '
SOME new and second-hand Sterling- wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS A- CO.. 404 Battery st.
SA FES— Bargains In new and seennd-har.d: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3., F.
GRA PHO PHONES. «0; Records, $.% per doz.:
.. Projectoscope, , $100. .. Baclgalupl. : P7.3-946 Mrkt. ;
CCFFEE - mill,' scale, hand-truck,-.! letter-press.' 1
desk and safe cheap. , 102 Clay.st ,;-. /•
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, , coun-
ters ■■ linoleum, office furniture.^ store and.
offt><> furniture -and' fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. .T. NOON AN. . 1017-1019-1021-1023
' , Mission ' st., . above :■ Sixth. » - : :' .'■ ■< :.' . : ; ■■'
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, / etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.,
FOR SALE— second-hand fireproof safe,
r 'at 42 Main st V-. :.-■' .-:•--;-.''• :: .-- ■':-.■ ".-■'.vLv.-.S
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
'• engines boilers. nii"»vs. • shafting. laundry
, machinery, "to. PMTTTT CO.. 527 ' Mission «t.
■ ;"'U* SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY — Rented,' repaired, bought, sold;
; machine supplies. ,143 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL i kinds bought. *■ sold, exchanged, : Tented :
repairing;' lowest rates. •,' 2o3 ' Fourth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
• OAKLAND KEAI/ ESTATE. .
BARGAIN— to . ' $500 'cash ; new 9-room
' house; close to local: large lot: 10 minutes'
walk to City Hall: -worth $5000; make offer.
WM. P. - TODD, 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
WHY not look into this if you desire a rare
homesltc? Large lots for ■ $200 upward; $10
cash and any sum you can afford to. pay
monthly; build your own home or we will
build it for you:- Oallndo Tract, ; East 1 Oak-
land; the soil and- climate Is superb; all lev*!,
with grand view; city water and«sewer; fine
public, school and electric cars; streets all
graded and macadamized; nice homes sur-
rounding and building up rapidly; call or
" send for circular. 439 Ninth st., bet. Broad-
way and Washington St.; Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner. >: •
FOR sale' at a sacrifice — A corner lot 100x141 In
Elmhurst. $350: fenced: and planted with
fruit trees: must be sold immediately. DAHL-
ORt-:n. r,22U Hayes St.. S. F.
, BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ~
OFFICE OF O. O. MAT St CO..
2123 Center st., Berkeley. ■ 'C
$2700— For sale on terms to suit, a fine large
house of 7 rooms " and ' bath lot- 40x"13">; street
work done: close to electric cars, .local,
churches and university; property worth VISOQ.
— New cottage of 6 rooms, and bath:
handy to cars; beat of plumbing; 'good high
basement; convenient in every respect; lot
35x133; fruit trees; and flowers; street: work
done. Call and name your terms.
'■: ■ \ .--. .'. Lost.: ;■ .:.■..-:- : -.;
PURSE, beaded crochet, containing- $5 gold.
Inc. on Kearny-st. cars. Reward • at 1323
Stockton st. .-.',■ ..«-■-., . .. :. ;
NEW I carpet,' between ! Halght and Devlsadero
and Oak sts.; reward.- : Return to 509 Halght;
LOST— A ' pass-book with The Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan ' Society of San Francisco, in »
the name of MARGARET MINNER. No.
ICI 1142. The finder - will please - return to
bank. ,". ,'. ' '■ - : '.'. "v-v'
BRING old gold and silver to me and fret cash
for It. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant a»e. ,
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want taken.
ATTORNEYS .AT LAV.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; ' collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850: Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. . .
BIRTHS— MAREIA&ES— DEATHS. -
: Birth, marriage . and death notices sent by
mall ■ will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
. BORN.
AMAURIC— In Piedmont, January 23, 1898, to
the wife of A. J. Amauric, a daughter. - ;
GIBSON— In Valencia, January 28, 1898, to the
wife of S. L. Gibson, a son. -. .  •
JESSEN— In Watsonville. . February 1. 1893, to
the wife of George Jesaen, a daughter. '
PERRY— In • Watsonville. January 2S, 1898, to
the wife of John Perry, a son. ,
REMELI— In Grass Velley. January 31, IS9B,
to the wife of J. H. Remell, a daughter.
SOARES— In Watsonville, January 29, 1893, to
the wife of J. P. Soares, a daughter.
TWOMEY— this city, January 3, 1898, to the
wife of M. R. Twomey, a son.
WILLIAMS— Slsson, January -23, 1898, to
the wife of R. D. Williams, a daughter. -
MARRIED.
McELWAINE— In this city, Janu-
ary 20, 1593, Richard Burrows and Lizzie Mc-
Elwaine.
SLIBSAGER— JESSEN— In Salinas. January 29,
1898, Niels Slibsager and Mettle Marie Jessen.
TONNESON— COLLEEN— In this city, Febru-
ary 2, 1898, Alfred Tonneson and S. Caryl
Colleen. • . . .
TRIPLETT— SCHREIBER— In Elmira, Janu-
ary 28, 1898, Samuel Triplett Jr. and Jennie
Schreiber. " . .' '■
WILLIFORD— In San Jose, February
2, 1S:«. by the Rev. V. G. A. Tressler, George
C. Williford and Nettle. M. Grant. ■
DIED.
Bandy, Mr. ',' ' Lucas, Mamie
Bauer, William 1 J." Lynch, Timothy
Behr, Annie ■ Macßae Hen^helwood
Berndt, Mrs. J. ' McCulloch, Bessie •
Broad, Elizabeth McMullen, Hugh R.
Buehren, Rev. W. , .McMullen. John • .
de Clairmont, Henry 'O'Brien, John C.
Den ft Lewis .. , O'Neil. Edward J. ;
Ermuth, Philip ' " O'Toole, Hugh E.
Finegan. James Oliver, George
Felvey, Lawrence . Parle, - John D.
Goetz, Fredrlcka H. ' Prescott, Viola- H.
| Hartmann, Alice M. ? •■ Pressey, John B.
Holliday, Margaret . Sproul, :
Holmes, William H. ' Stewart,' Martha
Koch, Charles . ' Thompson, William
Kramer, Emma ' ■-•• . Thornton, John
■ Kryger, Christian A. Toohig, James
Lee, Captain John . ' -Walsh, Mary
London. Louis A. . ' Welch, Mary A.
Luca, Mamie '
BANDY— Near Woodville, February 2, 1593, Mr.
Bandy, . aged 69 years, j
BAUER— In Klona. Wash., February 4, ' 1898,
' William J., beloved. husband of Lovina Bauer,.
" and ■ brother of ' Ameal ' Bauer, Mrs. Fred
'Hund and Mrs. John Rapp, aged 41 years 11
months and 11 days. ■?: ■
BEHR— In this city, February 3, IS9B, Annie,
relict of the late Otto Behr, beloved mother
of Mrs. H. C. Mlddleton, Mrs. J. .F. Corby
and Nellie E. Behr, and sister of Mrs. Kate
Le Roy and the • late Mrs. Rose Scanlan, . a
native of County Derry, Ireland, . aged 60
years.
C^Frlends : and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her -late resi-
dence, 511 Point Lobos avenue, between Fer-
ric and Cook streets. . . .■.. \ , ■ .
BERNDT— Near Watsonville, February 1. 1898,
Mrs. Johanna, Berndt, a native of Denmark,
aged : 54 ■ years. •• •
BROAD— In this city, Wednesday, February 2,
15&S, Elizabeth, beloved wife- of ■ Charles E.
Broad, mother of Reglna ; Belmor, sister of
John ; Parrotte, and niece of C. A. Buckley,
Esq., a native of New York, aged 43 years a
months and 20 days., .'■:,;.;.
I lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2508 McAllister street, near Stanyan,
thence to Star of the Sea Church, Point Lo-
bos and Seventh avenues, where Ia I requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
Of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemtery.
BUEHREN— In San Jose, '■' February 1, 1893,
Rev. William Buehren, a native of Germany,
aged 87 years 10 months and 12 days.
DE CLAIRMONT— San Salvador, Henry, be-
loved son of Colonel : Ralph de Clairmont, a
native of San Francisco,' aged 25 years.
DENETT— In Alameda, February 3, 1895,
Lewis, beloved father of Fred L. Denett, a
.native of Nova Scotia, aged 78 years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral services
- this day (Saturday); at 10 o'clock, at the
funeral parlors of Smiley & Gallagher. 1512
Park street, Alameda,' Cal. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
ERMUTH— In  Oakland, February ■ 3. 1898,
Philap, . husband 'of ■ Katie . Ermuth,' a native
of Germany, • aged 60 years.
(CT Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 ; o'clock, • from 'Fraternal
Hall, corner' Seventh and Peralta' streets.
West Oakland, - under the auspices ■of Occi-
dental, Lodge No. 6, A. O. U. W. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
FINEGAN— Modesto, February 1, IS9B,
James Finegan, brother iof • Patrick. Peter
and Susan - Finegan, .a native of County
Cavan. Ireland. -
FELVEY— In this city, February 2, 1898, Law-
rence, - beloved ; husband > of . Catherine Fel-
vey, and father of Mrs.; Belford and Joseph.
Edward, Minnie, Lawrence, ■. Katie, . Berdle
■ and Theresa Felvey, aged 65 years.;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his : late
residence, 2C22 Bryant avenue, ; thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets," where a requiem high mass will be
said,- commencing.: at' 9 o'clock. ■■ Interment
Mount Calvary ; Cemtery. .' » : ;';
GOETZ— this city, ' February 3. " 1898, Fred-
rlcka H. Goctz, beloved mother of Paul 'and
Freda Goetz, Mrs. J. Dlelman, Mrs. C.
Gardner, N. J. Bailey and Mrs. B. F.
Miilard, a native of Germany, aged 62 years
10 months and 20 days. " '- . ;. -.■■-.■•
■ tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),- at 1:30 o'clock, from the . resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. N. J. Bailey, 132
. Duncan street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HARTMANN— In ; this city. February 4. IS9B,
Alice Maud, dearly beloved daughter of Mag-
gie ,V. ( Hartmann, „ and > sister, of - Bertha M., -
Jennie H., Fred A. and Robert C.'Hartmann,
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 1"
month and 4 days.-
■ IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 1927 ".. California street, Interment
! Mountain .View Cemetery. Oakland.
j HOLLIDAY— In this city, , February ' 4, 1893.
• Margaret P. beloved ' "daughter of : John and
, , Sadie; Holliday, ■; a native. of San : Francisco,
3 years 9 months and 24 days. ■ ''^BBpMBPM
.. IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i (Sunday), at *2* o'clock," from the ■■■ parents'.'
residence. ■10 , Pearl street."-.; off : Market, :, he-
. tween - Hermann i and Guerrero. Interment
- Odd Fellows'. Cemetery.T9SSßs9SjgBSliraSgaWHßa
HOLMES— In this city, February 3. 1898, ! Wil-
'.; liam H., beloved husband of . Eliza A.
, Holmes, and father of Mrs: Francis H. Fobs.
i.". Mrs. .E.- J. : St. \ Clalr, Mrs. - Lillian Morton
; : and Joseph, Armstrong. Martha E.» John M., ■
Professor William H. Jr., Annie E. and Kate
; < Bell 3 Holmes, a ' native of ■ England, . aged ;76
years. ■ -, •■■•-■—--- • • ■
: Friends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral this day "
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock; from ' his- late
residence, 345S Seyentetnth street. Interment
private. ; : • '
KOCH— In this city. February 2. IS9S. ; Charles, •
beloved husband of Mary Koch, and father
. of August. - Frederick and Josephine Koch,
a nativa of. Germany, aged 52 years.
O'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Charles J. B. Metzler. 638
Washington street, thence to Druids' Hall,
413 Sutter street, ' where the funeral services
will be held, commencing at 2 o'clock, under
the auspices of San Francisco Backer Verein.
Interment Odd .Fellows' ; Cemetery. - •:. '•' -' >
KRAMER— In this city, February 3. IS9B. Em-
ma, beloved wife of Louis Kramejv: mother
of Ethel and Louis' Kramer, and sister of C.
B. Johnson, of Santa Cruz, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years. (Santa Cruz pa-
pers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 clock, from Teutonla Hall,
1322 Howard street, between Ninth and
Tenth. Remains at the parlors of of H. F. .
Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KRYGER— In this city, February 4. IS9B, Chris-
tian A., beloved husband* of Ingeborg M.
Kryger, a native of Denmark, aged 69 years
1 month and 20 days. '
LEE— this city, February -. "98. Captain
John Lee, beloved husband of Jessie Helen
Lee, and father of May, Maggie.: Nellie, and
Baby Lee, a native of Ayr, Scotland, aged
62 years 1 month and 25 days.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at- 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3426 Twenty-second street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LONDON— In this city, February 3, 1893. Louis
A., beloved husband of Johanna London,
and father. : of Mrs. Qus Victor, Mrs. Ed
Michaels and Minnie London, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged Cl years 6 months
and 18 days.
' IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 212 Steiner street, thence to Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock, train from
Third and Townsend streets. 
LUCA— this city, Mamie Luca, a native of
San Leandro, aged 34 years 11 months and
14 days.
LUCAS— In this city, Mamie, beloved wife of
Harry Lucas, mother of Willie, Tessieand
Gertie Lucas, and daughter of Mr. and Mrs. -
Charles Silvey, a native of San Leandro, aged
34 years.
LYNCH— In this city, February 3, 1898, Tim-
othy, beloved husband of ■ the late Bridget
Lynch, and father, of George W., John P..
Theodore and Robert E. Lynch, Mrs. Nellie
Barnett and the late Mrs. R. J. Knowles
and Carrie Lynch, a native of . Klllarney.
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 71 years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to St. .Mary's Hospital
Chapel, First street, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
' soul, commencing at 9 "O'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ..'. . •,
MacßAE— ln Tacoma, Wash., January 31. IS??.
Henshelwood, son of William A. and Janet
Macßae, aged 7 -years and 9 months. -■
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of. his grandparents, ISIO Vallejo street. In-
terment private. . ■ ;
McCULLOCH— In this city, February 2. 1898,
Bessie, dearly beloved daughter of Wil-
liam and Margaret M •Culloch, . a native of
Seattle, Wash., aged 5 years I. month and
2 days. • (Seattle, Wash., papers please copy.)
|C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day;
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Charles J. • B. Metzler. 636
Washington street. Interment Lake View.
Seattle, Cemetery-
McMULLEN— In this city, February 3. -1898.-
Hugh R beloved husband of Mary S. Me- (
Mullen, a native of Castle Wellin. County ;
Down, Ireland.
ICT'Frlends l and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 730 Clementina street, thence to.
St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high,
mass will be celebrated for the repose of h/i;. .
soul, commencing ■at. 10 ■ o'clock. Interment .
Mount Calvary Cemetery. t :
McMULLSN— In Vallejo, February 4,>.J?SB.
John, beloved husband of the late xgjlgy
McMullen, and father of Annie and John' M»»
Mullen, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years 1;
month and 24 days. (Philadelphia papers '
please copy.)
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the -funeral to-mor.row
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall square. .
O'BRIEN— In this city. February 3, IS9S. John
Charles, beloved son of Felix and Mary
O'Brien, and brother of Kate Parcell and...
Katie O'Brien, a native of san Francisco,
aged 23 years and 12 days. (Carson City.
Nev., papers please copy.)
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, • 20 Lexington avenue, thence to Mis- ;
sion Dolores Church at 10 o'clock, for. serv-
ices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'NEIL— ' this city, February j 3.. 1893. Ed-
ward J., beloved son of Ellen L. and the
late O'Neil, and brother of Frank and the
late George O'Neil, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 , years 5 months and 4 days. ■
(Other papers please copy.)
E7lnterment strictly private.
O'TOOLE— this city, February 4, 1893, Hugh
E., beloved son of Hugh and Catherine
O'Tor.le, and brother of John O'Toole, Mrs..
M. Shaw. Mrs. Lizzie Woods ' and Mrs. Jo-
sephine Harvey, a native of San Francisco,
aged SO years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30/ o'clock, from the parents'
• residence. 217Va Eighth street, thence to St. ,
Joseph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . - ;.>-..*
OLIVER— In Napa, Cal., January 8. 1893,
George Oliver, a native of Paris, Canada, ■
aged 48 years.
PARLE— In this city, February 3, 1898. John
I). Parle, a veteran of the war of the re-
bellion, a native of County Wexford, Ire-
land, aged' 56 years.
ETFuneral private.' Remains at the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street. Interment National Cemetery. .
PRESCOTT— In this city, February 4. 189S,
Viola H.. beloved wife of J. S. Prescott,
relict of D. H. Walton, and beloved mother
of Mrs. S. M. Williams and J. W. Walton,
a native of • Brooksville, Me., aged 63 years.
(Boston, Maine and New. York papers please'
copy.
IDTriends and acquaintances are respect--
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, : from her late reel-
dence, 1116 Leayenworth street, between Cali-
fornia and Sacramento. Interment Laurel
Hill Cenietery.
PRESSEY— San Jose. Cal., February 2, 1898.
John Burtin Pressey, a native of Maine, aged
78 years. .
SPROUL— In this city, February 1, ISM, be-
loved mother -of Sarah- F. Robinson, Jose-
phine Williams, Joseph A. West, Elizabeth
C. Richardson, Mary.M. Callundan and- Ma-
tilda A. Filmer, and sister of John H. Neale.
a native of New York City, N. Y. (New Ha-
ven and New York papers please copy.) : • •
STEWART— In this city, February 4, IS!-', at
her residence, 928 Guerrero street. Martha,
beloved wife of the late David Stewart, aunt
of "Maggie C. Rankln, Mrs. Williamson and
Martha and Stewart Lunny, and cousin. of
John and Francis Beatty, a native of County
Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 76 years.
ID'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 - o'clock, from St: Stephen's
Episcopal Church, Fulton street, between
Webster and Fillmore. -, Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral-car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospital/
February 4, 1898. William Henry Thompson,
a native of : Texas, aged 46 years. • -•£
THORNTON— In this city. February -4." IS9S.
John Thornton, a native of the parish -; of
Killury, County Kerry, Ireland, . aged 43
years. •
TOOHIG— In Oakland. February 3, 1898, James,
beloved husband of Kate, and father of John.
May, Elizabeth, James, Thomas. Alice, Rob-
ert and Eva Toohig. a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 56 years.. -
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1 620 Seventeenth street. . Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. -■;",.-
W\LSH— In this city, February 3, ISIS, Mary,
relict of the late Thomas Walsh, . and dearly
■ beloved mother of Nellie and, the late James
J. " Walsh, a native ■of Oldha'm, Lancashire,
England. Member Third Order of St. .Francis.
: Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully -Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30. o'clock, . from her. late
residence, 128' Eighth • street, ' thence to t St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth- street, where a low
requiem mass will be celebrated ■ for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.'
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
WELCH— Mary 'Adelaide,'. - dearly beloved
daughter of Charles and Kate- Welch, \ aged
3 months. ''• * • ■ • ' - ;
|t;7"The funeral will take place 'to-morrow
(Sunday)," at 10 o'clock, from the reside nee
of the parents. " 2s9 Octavla street. - .'
" I ''!"" "McAVOY & GALLAGHER, '. . ]
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
1 " '-'20 KITH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. ; I ■"_•
| * . . Telephone. South 80. ___!_
Estab. 185 S. ■ I- Tel., South 47.
CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embnlmers,'-
22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE. '
' Lady assistants. Spacious chapel fo^ the us*
of our patrons. Rubber tires on, our ambulance.
SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVES ,
' . '.'.*.., PERPETUAL CARE. '
LAUREL HILL £
I CEMETERY ■-; ASSOCIATION, >
Junction of Busb Street and Central
, '; 7 V Avenue, San Francisco- 
J
1314
ANOTHER
TEST OF
SHRAPNEL
Two More Rounds
Fired by Lieuten
ant Babbitt.
Supply of Worthless Am
munition Purchased
in 1892.
One Thousand Rounds Were
Sent From the East to
Benicia Arsenal.
GEN. FLAGLER'S SURPRISE
Facts Coming Out Show That the
Ordnance Department at Wash
ington Was Jobbed.
Tests of artillery ammunition were
resumed at the Presidio yesterday. A
gun belonging to Captain Potts' Light
Battery F. Third Artillery, was used
by Lieutenant Babbitt of the ordnance
corps. Two rounds of shrapnel were
fired and both shells were found to be
defective.
According to dispatches received from
Washington. General D. W. Flagler,
chief of ordnance, was not surprised
when he heard that 50 per cent of the
shrapnel tested at the Presidio proved
to be worthless. He is quoted as say
ing that he would not have been sur
prised if the percentage of deficiency
had been greater, as the shells were
old. The records of the War Depart
ment may show that General Flagler
is now making statements concerning
the condition of the artillery ammuni
tion which are at variance with former
statements on the same subject.
The first knowledge that the shrapnel
sent to Benicia arsenal was defective
was gained during the practice firing at
Redwood City some weeks ag.>. Cap
tain Potts' Battery F and Captain
Califfs Battery O of the Third Artil
lery went to Redwood for annual prac
tice. While there each battery fired
seventy-five rounds of shrapnel, and
much of the ammunition proved to be
defective.
The facts of the Redwood practice
were promptly reported and transmit
ted through the regular military chan
nels to general headquarters in Wash
ington. The chief of ordnance saw the
official reports of the Redwood firing
and in ordering other tests to be made
expressed surprise that this lot of shrap
nel purchased from the American Ord
nance Company, in 1892, should be de
ficient in quality.
The shells are not old, the ammuni
.tion was manufactured by the contrac
tors to supply the new 3.2-inch breech
loading rifled cannon with which the
light batteries of the United .States
army were recently equipped.
All the ammunition for the breech
loading artillery is new. There has not
been sufficient time since the new
guns were introduced for the powder to
lose its strength by age.
The Ordnance Department would not
be blameless if the shrapnel recently
tested had been manufactured fifty
years ago, for the reason that the chief
defect disclosed by the test is the lack
of thickness in the wall of the shell.
The walls are not strong enough to re
sist the pressure or concussion of the
propelling charge of powder. No com
plaint is made of the explosive material
contained within the shell.
General Flagler must imagine that
the powder within the shell is old and
ineffective, or he would not ascribe the
deficiency of the ammunition to age.
W T hen he gets through with such an ex
amination of the records in the case as
the disclosures demand, he may reach
the conclusion that the officers appoint
ed to test the shrapnel at the time of
acceptance did not make a thorough
test.
In testing ammunition, prior to its
acceptance from the contractor, the in
specting officer selects five rounds from
each hundred. If the five shells fired
stand the test the officer accepts the
hundred rounds. In the selection of the
five rounds the officer does not take
the first five presented, but goes over
the lot, and with a mark indicates this
shell and that shell to be used. It is
not reasonable to suppose that the lot
of one thousand rounds c-f shrap
nel bought of the American
Ordnance Company in 1892 and
sent to Benicia Arsenal stood the
regulation test. It is just possible that
the testing officer rejected the ammu
nition, and that his report of the in
spection was tampered with.
It may be possible for contractors in
packing shells for shipment to substi
tute inferior for good ammunition. The
army has been jobbed or deceived in
the acceptance of the shells recently
tested at the Presidio, and the facts
disclosed are sufficient to warrant a
general investigation of the ammuni
tion in the Government arsenals.
FLAGLOR IS SORRY.
Regrets the Failure of the Test,
but Others Demand an
Inquiry.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— The Call
correspondent saw General D. W. Flag
ler, Chief of Ordnance of the War De
partment, at his residence on California
avenue to-night and had a further talk
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skins on fire with torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
with Cuticura Soap, a single application of
Ccticcra (ointment), the great skin cure,
and a full dose of Cuticuka Resolveni .
U tola itiroughont the world. Porm D. It C. C««r.. Bol«
Prop*., Eo»ton. " How to Cere Torturing Homorf," free. ■
Rl DV'C Clf 111 8c«lp an* Hair Purified «nd Bern-
PADI 9 «Mn Ufied bj Ci-tvvu. 6o*r.
with him concerning the unsatisfactory
test of shrapnel shells made at the Pre
sidio on Wednesday. He has received
from San Francisco a brief telegraphic
report of these trials.
"It appears from this report," said
the General, "that the shells were not
of the old stock, but were practically
new, and 1 am sorry to say the trial
was a failure. A large percentage of
the shells were defective, and we have
ordered that the entire lot be rejected.
This is a matter of small importance,
however, as the shells are used in small
caliber or 'field' guns, and has no rela
tion whafever to Pacific Coast high
power gun defense. I cannot say, with
any degree of accuracy, how many
shells were furnished to the Presidio,
but at a rough guess I should say only
about 800. They were furnished by the
American Ordnance Company, which is
a combination of manufacturers of
arms and ammunition, such as the
Maxim and the Hotchkiss companies.
"The first lot furnished by the Ameri
can Ordnance Company, tested some
time ago, were reported to be satisfac
tory, and the fact that a great percent
age of those tried on Wednesday were
defecive need not worry the San Fran
cisco people. As I said before, the de
partment has ordered their rejection,
and It will only be a matter of a few
weeks until a new supply can be pro
duced. Meanwhile, there Is no danger
attending Pacific Coast defenses, and
you may send this reassuring intelli
gence to your people." said General
Flakier, smilingly.
But, notwithstanding the General's
assurance and apparent nonchalance,
other officers of the department, as well
as members of Congress, are inclined to
regard the failure of those trials as a
matter of serious importance. The Call
correspondent interviewed Congress
man Hilborn of California, a member
of the Naval Affairs Committee, to
night. He was reluctant to speak of
the matter, saying that as it was a
question that concerned thearmy rather
than the navy, he felt some delicacy
about making any criticisms.
"You had better see Chairman Hull
of the Military Affairs Committee,"
said he.
"But are not the two departments —
army and nayy — in a sense co-ordi
nate?"
"Yes." replied Judge Hilborn, "and In
consideration of this view of the mat
tor, perhaps it may not be amiss for
me to say that I consider the question
of ammunition as one of the most seri
ous importance. It may be remem
bered that several weeks ago I made
some observations (which were report
ed In the telegraphic dispatches) call
ing attention to the fact that the Unit
ed States army and navy was a little
bit 'shy' on ammunition in case of war.
I was criticized by General Lew Wal
lace for my statement, but my view
was vindicated by reports made later
by department officers. The report of
the failure of the shrapnel comes at
an opportune time, for there is now
pending in Congress a bill providing
for a Government factory for the pro
duction of gunpowder a.nd ammunition.
Representatives of one of the compan
ies appeared before our committee yes
terday and made an argument against
the erection of a government factory,
claiming that they had invested large
amounts of money in their private en
terprise, and that their goods had
reached a stage of perfection that the
government factory could not attain
without years of experience. It now
appears that half of their shells were
so inferior that all of them were re
jected by the ordnance bureau of the
War Department. It seems to me that
this will furnish a pretty good argu
ment in favor of a government factory.
There should be a thorough investiga
tion at any rate."
Judge Hilborn said another matter in
the same connection would soon en
gage his attention. He purposes to in
troduce a resolution of inquiry In an
effort to find out why the guns used
by the army and by the marines~~in the
navy are of a different caliber. Judge
Hilborn thinks they should be of the
same caliber, and his view is shared by
many army and navy officers, who sus
pect that there is a selfish reason at
the bottom. It has been darkly hinted
for a long time that the American
Ordnance Company and others are the
beneficiaries of the favor of army and
navy officers, especially of the* two
ordnance bureaus, and it is altogether
likely that the failure of the shrapnel
at the Presidio on Wednesday will
have the effect of hastening an investi
gation of the report that there is a
"ring" in the departments and will re
sult in the ultimate establishment of a
government factory.
Several members of Congress with
whom The Call correspondent talked
to-night are anxious to receive addi
tional information on the subject so
they may offer resolutions of inquiry.
THE FOXHALL MARKET.
One of the Finest Institutions of Its
Kind in the City.
The Foxhall Market, located on Fill
more street, between Clay and Wash
ington, has just been opened to
the public, and Is in every respect thor
oughly up to date. The building- Itself
from the exterior, of modern archi
tectural design. Is one of the hand
somest business blocks of the Western
Addition.
But it is upon entering from the
street that its great adaptability for
its present purpose is at once noted.
The interior is light, airy, thoroughly
ventilated and scrupulously clean,
while the occupants of the stalls keep
on display such a tempting array of
different articles as to show at a glance
that only the best of everything is of
fered for sale.
The Foxhall Market will become an
absolute necessity as a convenience to
ladies who have not the time nor the
inclination to go from store to store to
order their various supplies, and who
wish to secure the best the markets
afford from a cleanly, modern, attrac
tive institution.
There are nineteen stalls In the mar
ket, and those rented are occupied
only by dealers who have each a long
established reputation In their line. *
WELBURN WANTED.
! A Deputy United States Marshal Has
Gone to Texas With a Warrant
for the Ex-Collector.
Suit will be brought next week against
: the bondsmen of ex-Collector Welburn to
recover for the Government the money
squandered by Cashier Norton, who com
mitted suicide after he had embezzled
about $42,000.
The whereabouts of Welburn is still
unknown, although a Deputy United
States Marshal has gone to Texas for
him with awarrant for his arrest on the
Indictment found by the United States
Grand Jury against him last Tuesday.
Special Agent Thrasher has left the
city, ostensibly to visit Los Angeles on
department business, but it is believed
that he has gone on a hunt for the ex-
Collector.
Gillen Was Justified.
The Police Commissioners met last
night and dismissed the charges of un
officerllke conduct preferred against Pa
trolman Peter Gillen. New Year's morn
ing in arresting a man named Williams
for creating a disturbance it was charged
that Gillen assaulted him with his club,
breaking: his nose. The evidence showed
that Williams first attacked the officer,
and to protect himself ho knocked him
down with his club. When the case .was
dismiaad Williams became very Indignant
and announced that he would pet even
with the officer in some other way. He
was quickly called to account for his lan
guage anfl ordered to leave the Commis
sioners' room.
Cure your cold with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c 417 Saneome at. •
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1898.
THE LATE CAPTAIN HEALEY'S SUCCESSOR.
Sergeant Cassius Wright, Who Has Been Appointed Chief
Clerk of the Police Department.
Chief Lees has appointed Sergeant Cassius P. Wright his chief clerk, to
fill the vacancy caused by the death of Captain Henry Healey. Wright is
one of the best-known men in the department. Always affable and kind,
he has endeared himself to every member of the police force. For a number
of years he has been assistant to Captain Healey and his promotion was
earnestly expected. For a number of years prior to joining the police force,
Wright served in the United States army, and made a brilliant record. J. B.
Guthrie, Captain of the Thirteenth Infantry, gave him the following certifi
cate of good character, when he left the army:
FORT SILL, Oklahoma Territory,
March 11, 1891.
This is to certify that C. P. Wright was an enlisted man of the United
States army, and served in my company five years. During that time he
was a sober, industrious and efficient soldier, often called upon for duty in
the field against hostile Indians. He was also placed in charge of the cler
ical force of various departments connected with the administration of the
army. I always found him willing and faithful. At the timf of his discharge
from the army, rendered necessary by the expiration of his term of service,
I would have willingly retained him had he so elected.
Wright was also with General H. A. Marrow as clerk during the railroad
riots in Pennsylvania in the year 1877. He was afterward transferred to the
Department of Mexico, where he served under General Edward Hatch until
1881, when he was honorably discharged. He was appointed a member of
the police force in 188S, and on account of his strict attention to his duties
he was shortly afterward promoted to the rank of sergeant.
In all probability. Corporal Al Wright will be appointed to the rank of
sergeant, caused by the promotion of his namesako.
SERIOUSLY
ACCUSED BY
A MINER
Police Officer Hiram
Hutehings Again
in Trouble.
Charged With Accepting
Thirty Dollars From
a Prisoner.
Tcld Him He Would Keep It
Until His Case Was Tried
in Court.
_ 0
CHIEF LEES IS WRATHY.
Th« Patrolman's Accuser Mysteri
ously Disappears From the
City Prison.
Policeman Hutchings, of the Califor
nia street station, will in all probabil
ity have to answer to the Police Com
missioners for what seems to be a seri
ous infraction of the rules of the de
partment. The accuser is Joseph D.
Sandri, a miner, who arrived here a
short time ago from Montana.
Last Thursday Sandri was arrested
by Hutchings on Broadway and was
charged at the California-street station
with a serious offense. On the way to
the station Sandri alleges Hutchings
induced him to give him all the money
he had, amounting to $30, on the plea
that he would take care of it.
A short time after being locked up
Sandri, with a number of other pris
oners, was placed in the van and
transferred to the Central Station. He
was interviewed by a police court at
torney, who, on hearing his story, at
once informed Captain Robinson.
The latter notified Chief Lees, and an
investigation was begun.
Otto Heyneman, the Chief's stenog
rapher, was sent to take the statement
of Sandri, who reiterated the charge
against the police officer. Subsequent
ly Sandri was taken to Judge Camp
bell's court to be tried for the offense,
but on account of the accusation he
had made against Hutchings it was de
cided to continue the case until next
Tuesday.
In the meantime every effort was
made to keep the facts quiet.
Sandri was particularly reticent, and
refused to discuss the charge be had
preferred against the officer.
Shortly afterward Sandri was re
leased, from prison, but by whose au
thority could not be learned. There is
no entry of his discharge on the prison
books, the space allotted to the dispo
sition of cases having been left blank.
Captain Robinson professes ignorance
of how Sandri got out, except to say
that he supposed Judge Campbell had
issued the order for his release.
Judge Campbell, however, denies that
he released the prisoner. After granting
him the continuance asked for, he says
he ordered the bailiff to return him to
the City Prison, which was done.
Chief Lees, it is understood, is con
siderably worked up over the charge
against Hutehings, and will have him
brought before the Commissioners at
their next regular meeting.
Hutehings has been in trouble before.
A short time ago he was accused by a
citizen of having struck him simply be
cause he spoke to a girl who was a
friend of the officer.
CLUNIE IN LUCK.
The Supreme Court Decides His Title
to Land Along the Sacramen
to River.
The Supreme Court decided a case yes
terday against the city of Sacramento. It
involved a piece of property belonging to
T. J. Clunle. and lying between Front
street and tho river. It is valued at sev
eral thousand dollars.
It appears from the record that In 1851
a survey of the city was made by General
Sutter, and in this survey the strip of
land in question was not included. In the
meantime a man named Brannan ob
tained possession of It, and it has been
and is now roonpnized as "Brannan's Ad
dition." A portion of this land wna event
ually bought by Clunie and improvements
amounting to $20,000 were made. Years
after this the city sought to obtain pos
session of this land by virtue of a deed
of dedication to the city, but when the
trial court asked the city to produce these
deeds It failed to do so for no such deeds
were ever filed. On this shewing the city
lost its suit and the much coveted piece
of water front property.
The city appealed, with the result al
ready stated, and Clunle and the other
present owners have their titles con
firmed by the highest court In the State.
Had the suit gone against Clunle he
would be a loser to the amount of over
$60,000.
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
Suit for Infringement.
The Centaur Company of New York be-
gan suit in the United States Circuit
Court Thursday to recover damages and
for an injunction against George E.
Brown, J. W. Boardman, Frank A., Rich
ard J. and Robert MacCabe, George Krog
and the MacCaae brothers, for imitating
the labels of a medicine known to the
trade as Castoria. A temporary restrain
ing order was issued.
Water for Sunset Valley.
"Progress" was what the executive
committee of Sunset Valley Improvement
Club reported at the meeting last night.
The cause for this unusual report was
that the Spring Valley Water Company
had made a start in laying eight-inch
pipes along Eleventh avenue between I
and J streets. The club urged the com
mittee to prosecute the work and try to
induce the company to continue its work
as far as M street. It was recommended
to have a reservoir placed on the hill
above the Affiliated Colleges, which
would give a supply of water not only to
the inhabitants of the valley but also to
the colleges when they shall become in
habited.
HONEYMOON
LISTED BUT
TWO HOURS
And Then Howard
Wished His Wife
in the Bay.
Sensational Story Filed
in the Oakland
Courts.
Young Widow Repents Her
Marriage to a Mine
Expert.
A LADY AT A WINDOW.
Mrs. Howard Thinks the Watcher
Once Saved. Her From
Danger.
A divorce suit, with details of a high
ly sensational nature, was filed in the
Superior Court of Oakland yesterday by
which Mrs. Nina B. Howard, a bride of
three months and a half, seeks to be
free from the well-known wealthy min
ing engineer and expert, Harry A.
Howard.
Unlike most married folks, the How
ards did not have a honeymoon. Just
how long they loved after marriage is
not mentioned in the complaint, but
three hours had not passed after the
ceremony before the groom informed
his wife, in angry tones, that he had
her where he wanted her, and would do
as he pleased. Conduct, of which this
little act was a premonition, was in
dulged in for a few weeks, and then
came the separation.
Mrs. Nina B. Maitland, who was a
young widow, was married to Henry
A. Howard 'on September 16 last inOak
land. After 'he marriage the cim|||
crossed to San Francisco and
lunch and then their happiness ended.
They went to the Stockton wharf and
took passage on a San Joaquin river
steamer, and according to Mrs. How
ard's complaint, her trouble began as
soon as they stepped on board.
When a little distance on their wed
ding trip, the groom said: "Now I've
got you. and I've a mind to throw you
overboard. I've got you just where I
have wanted you, and will do as I
please with you."
A few days later Mr. and Mrs. How
ard returned to Oakland and took
apartments at 574 Thirteenth street.
While there the husband of three
weeks, it is alleged, seized his fair wife
with great violence, jerked her about
the room and then hurled her about
ten or twelve feet from him, at the
same time using language that is not
generally heard from people less than
a month from Hymen's altar.
The next day matters were a little
worse. The groom seized his wife by
the throat, so she alleges, "and falling
to keep his hold thereon caught plain
tiff by the arms and rushed her across
the room to an open window, threat
ening and intending to throw her
therefrom, and striking her with great
force against the casing of said win
dow."
This episode was stopped, because
the defendant saw a lady looking from
a window in the Hotel Metropole. He
then cast his wife into a chair, the
complaint continues, and said, "I'll
choke the breath out of you yet." As
he said this Howard went to the bu
reau drawer as if to take something
out of it, and was only restrained by
seeing that the watchful lady in the
hotel across the street was still an in
terested witness of the proceedings.
Mr. Howard also made several seri
ous charges against hi-s wife, and said
she was not true, and it is also alleged
that he wrote letters to her friends ac
cusing her of all manner of things un
wifely. Finally Mrs. Howard received
some letters from him at Angels Camp
that, she says, made it plain it would
be a good thing to get a divorce.
The defendant is said to be possessed
of considerable property and to earn a
salary of $200 per month, and Mrs.
Howard asks for $500 attorneys' fees,
$100 costs and $75 permanent alimony.
She also asks for a restraining order
to prevent the defendant from dispos
ing of any of his property. Howard is
one of the best known mining experts
in the State, and his services are con
stantly in demand by Alvinza Hay
ward, George W. Baker, C. D. Lane
and other mine owners.
The circumstances preceding the
marriage are quite unique and help to
throw some light on the events that
succeeded the vowtaklng. Mrs. Mar
shall had some friends at Angels Camp,
and among them was Mr. Howard. The
expert once mentioned the lady's name
and connected it with a possible mar
riage. His companions declared that
such a thing was impossible and hinted
that Howard could not secure the
prize, no matter how much he de
sired it.
This friendly defi seems to have filled
Howard with determination to prove
the truth of his remark, for it Is said
he did not cease in his endeavors until
he had made the young widow his wife.
ALASKA AND ITS TRADE.
The Committee Having Charge of
the Interest of San Francisco
at Work.
The best information coming to the
Alaskan Bureau indicates that there is
already a congested condition existing
in the north that will soon become seri
ous. It seems probable that not to ex
ceed 25 per cent of those attempting to
go into the Klondike via the passes will
be able to reach there, owing to the lim
ited number that can get over the passes,
and the scarcity of timbers suitable for
boatbuilding after they reach Lake Ben.
nett.
The Alaska Commercial Company has
notified the bureau that it is now ready
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
j Gail Bor den
i Eagle brand SB {
* Condensed Milk C
V Has No Equal an Infant Food. ,^^^i
Vi "fNFANT HEAUH'SMT FREE. : .^^— -^^- #
ADVERTISEMENTS. _______
#888888 88 8888 82 8888 88 8 n 8828 8 8 82 8 88 !82 8 88 •
a* *♦'♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦.♦ v* ♦♦>*♦♦♦♦♦♦■♦ <J>^^^^^ v ° x «
ss^ ' ' ' ♦*•
88 *> VsU I L~^\ *>%
BSs> 7/ Nj \
88 > j// \*^J/ <S?
ss •» * => '^ —^ *a
88 bne hundred and fifty Fine Eiderdown Dressing Sacques on special sale
28* to-day. Worsted bound, deep collar. Fine quality Wool Eiderdown, exactly ♦JS
oj v as shown in picture. Exceptionally well made. ■ A perfect fit in all sizes. <$>£•
r .».j> The most popular $1.25 garment in our stock. All-day special <3>c*
gj<» ® — S>so Each. ® " .•
88^ None will be sold to dealers. <; .t
<», — : _ ■'■ ;•>
8?J A Sale of Children's School Jackets. Js!
88 I Keep the little folks comfortable. It doesn't cost much if you buy at Halo's *88
o.<S> to-day. . " .
* 3 <s> FOR 9Sc— A neat little sailor I FOR $2 00— An Empire Jacket,
So x Jacket In navy, tan or red. QO/> a Jaunty little affair in tan ■• •*
cm v large sailor collar, r braid- UOv or green. fancy braid- ,c*
•o<s> trimmed, fine for school; only Each trimmed, large sailor collar. CQ.OO "™
88(4, '■> -•■■?■: i a garment full of goodness, tP-^i <S>2S
!r^ wear and worth Each }f £
•5 <J> : . ; . . <i> 43
2.?<J» FOR $1 50— A double-breasted FOR $3 50— Here's a beauty, a •■• .•
0 «a Reefer Jacket, a perfect lit- Misses' Jacket, with turn- a c ,
*5 V tie gem in fit and" finish, down Franklyn collar, faced *3
£#<«> tans, blues; browns or red, 4*l-50 with green, braid-trimmed. <JIQ SO Q> c»
Jr A 4 plated buttons, turn-down <JJ I cloth around waist and down tJJO— "~
S!^ collar; only ."... Each front, 4 large mosaic buttons. Each V S3
S!> A BARGAIN IN GLOV/ES. <^S
'l<i> 400 pairs of Ladles' and Misses' Biarritz Kid Gloves, fine soft kid. THESE <$> rm
So X GLOVES WILL WEAR. Good for street or driving. Black, in sizes 5%, 691, 7, 7%, .*3
o.'J> 7V4 and 8. Dark tan, in 6&, 5%, 6&, 6%, 7 and 7>4. White or pearl. In 5& to 7. Very *' c*
*° a special. <$> *°
SS^ ® — S9c F»alr. ® X*s
88^
«J HALE BROS., Inc., Jg
c,^ 937-94S market Street, San Francisco, Cat.
»♦ ■ . ■-■_■_ ..--.■ - • <5>S5
£B<s> <$.^»<s>^><s><J.^<B>^><S>«><S>^<s><|><S><S> <»•» <$><$><?><?•'»- <r-«><J><?>^><g><s><s>^.<J><^<?>BS
•82 82 82 88 82 82 82 82 82 88 88 83 88 82 82 82 82 82 88 82 88 8i 82 88 12 88 12 82 82 82 82 88 82 82 8i»
THE STAR,
JAMES H. BARRY Editor.
PUBLIC RASCALS IMPALED!
THE SOLID EIGHT AND THE SOLID NINE.
HARBOR COMMISSION CONTRACTS.
FIENDS AND FENDERS.
Everuthimj You Ought to Know,
5 Cents. Subscription, $1.50 per Year.
Ask Your Newsdealer for It.
OFFICE ._----- -4-29 Montgomery Street.
to Issue letters of credit on all Its sta
tions in Alaska. The committee, during
the early days of its work, spent consid
erable time endeavoring to secure just
such an arrangement. It saves the neces
sity of carrying any considerable amount
of money, and besides encouraging people
to go this way it will have a tendency to
bring them back here after they have
been in Alaska.
One of the prominent business men who
represents very large Alaskan interests
called at the rooms of the committee and
stated that he had just returned from the
north, and that he found many of the
statements coming from the Sound cities
incorrect. He says the manner in which
they manipulate the reported sailings of
vessels is somewhat unique. If a vessel
is to sail on a given day it is reported
the day before and the date after it sails,
as though each day was its sailing date,
thus making the report appear that more
vessels are sailing than is really the fact.
He says that the exhibit at the ferry
surpasses any of those made in the
Sound cities, and that he took pains be
fore making himself known at the rooms
to ascertain the character of information
that was being given out there. This, he
says, is remarkably accurate and com
plete, and added that ho was so well
satisfied that the committee was doing
good work that he desired to leave his
subscription for $100, but did not wish his
name mentioned.
Several changes have been made in tn«
dates of sailing of vessels for Alaska.
The Alliance was to Bail on February 5,
but will not sail until February 8; the
Albion will sail on February 5; the Kar
luk, which was to sail on February 5,
has been turned back to the owners by
the parties who had her under contract,
and the greater number of her passengers
have engaged transportation on the
Whltelaw, which will sail for Dyea and
Skaguay on February 10.
The Garbage Ordinance.
Patrick Gordon, a scavenger, was ar
rested yesterday by Policeman Butter
worth for dumping garbage on a vacant
lot on Harrison street, between Four
teenth and Fifteenth. Gordon was ar
rested for the same offense some weeks
ago, and since then he has been warned
by Butterworth to take his garbage to
the crematory, but he has not heeded the
warning. He admitted that among the
refuse dumped yesterday were mat
tresses and pillows that had been used by
sick people.
Votes Are Equally Divided.
The majority of the teachers in the
School Department have sent in their
answers to the Board of Education In re
pponse to the question propounded by the
Board of Freeholders as to whether" they
think members of the board should be
appointed or elected. A rough taUy of
the votes shows that the opinions are
about equally divided, and that the larger
portion of the teachers believe that there
should be twelve members of the toard.
He Must Resign.
"William Black, the fireman who was
shot by his brother-in-law. John Gor
man, Thursday night, was visited at the
Receiving Hospital yesterday by Assist
ant Chief Dougherty of the Fire Depart
ment. He was asked to send in his res
ignation, as this was the second time he
had brought disgrace upon the depart
ment by his actions. He will hot get any
help from the firemen's benevolent fund,
and will be sent to the City and County
Hospital.
STATEMENT
OF THE y
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
. OF THE
Liverpool and London and Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF Liverpool, England, on the 31st day* of
December, A. D. 1596; and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance-
j Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
[ suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash .". $1,228,200 00
ASSETS. 1
Heal estate owned by cpmpany 8,977,781 83
Loans on bonds and "mortgages 8,229,875 08
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 8L 422, 612 67
Amount of .loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.... 2,325,030 63
Cash in banks 2,667,269 85
• Interest 6H;e and accrued on all •
stocks and 10an5..... 409,824 60
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion 1,633,883 00
Rents due and accrued 4,582 04
Annuities, life and reversionary in-
terests purchased by the com-
pany 2.042.718 73
Deposits and expenses in disputed
losses 256 64
Total assets $54,713.835 03
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses /
In process of adjustment or in 1
suspense, losses resisted, including
expenses .........;... $ 141,735 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, reinsurance
50 per cent; gross premiums on
fire risks running more than one
year, reinsurance pro rata 6,033,598 25
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance poli-
cies 331.213 43
Liability under life department..... 80,052.329 90
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 12,810 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 825.907 08
Total liabilities $36,904,593 69
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fir© f ■•»-
premiums $7,764.176 94 7
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from £•*'■■:: „„
1 all other sources . 564.844 53
Total Income $8,729.010 51
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5.. ....$ *.J^.|so 46
Dividends to stockholders. 1.253.529 00
Paid or allowed. for commission or „,.,.,
brokerage ;"llv" I'l1 ' 19 °' 302 54
Paid . for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 623.36S IS
Paid for State, national and local „ „
taxes • • 169,63 a 06
All other payments and expendi- _ _
tures ...- • 600.861 ia
Total expenditures ....$ 8,077,846 97
i Fire losses Incurred during the year 4,199,850 46
risks AND PREMIUMS.
IFire Risks.) Premiums.
___ — i 1
Net amount of risks
written during the
year ---.• $2,282,519,955 $10,973,954 03
Net amount of risks!
expired during the :..
year •••.- 12,247,943.825 11.431,739 44
Net amount- in 'Jorce
December 31. 1556.... 2,045,534,835 9,006,579 83
' JOHN M. ■' DOVE. General Manager.
T. I. ALSOP. 1 Sub-Manager. [
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th
day of April. 1897. ' : W. J. SULIS,
United States Vice-Consul at : Liverpool.
CHARLES^. HMV/ErV,
RESIDENT SECRET ART.
Pacific Department, No. 122 California St., 8. 7.
% A PERMANENT CURE 1
I A PERMANENT CURE f
j > of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea \' '
l' ' nnd Gleet, guaranteed in ; from 3 to 6 <[ -
2 days ;no other treatment required. - r ■'» » '
i, . . •■ Sold by all dmpgißts. 5
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
£* O O MARKET ST., > : OPP. • . • PALACS
DUO : Hotel. Telephone 670. v Residence Ml
_yaleacla iUcew Teieviwue, "Qturob" 1*