VOLUME L.XXXIII.-NO. 95.
IS SPAIN BUYING SHIPS
IN PREPARATION FOR WAR?
CITY AND HARBOR OF MANILA, PHILIPPINE ISLANDS, the Capital and Chief City
of Spain's Bast Indian Possessions.
The view is from the suburb of Tondo, on the north of the river Pasig, which flows in on the left. On the right is seen the famous old castle
founded in 1571, still mounting many of its old-fashioned brass cannon.
THE PRESIDENT
IS FULLY ALIVE
TO THE DANGER
Whatever the Government of
Spain Does the Administration
f at Washington Will Be
Found Ready.
• Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 4
1 Prominent Republicans,
Senators and Representa
tives who have called on
the President during the last
day or two left the White
House with a different view
of the attitude of the admin
istration than they had held
before. Heretofore it has
been intimated in some
quarters that the President
tailed to appreciate the real
gravity of the situation aris
ing from the Maine incident
and that all was not being
done which ought to be done
in preparation for possible
contingencies. But there is
nobedy who is more deeply
impressed than the President
with the seriousness of the
outlook. In the course of
conversation with him one of
the Western men commented
on the Maine incident and be
gan to congratulate the Pres
ident oh the manner in which
the clouds seemed to be
breaking away.
• "It looks as though the compli
cations were passing away, and
as though things would now be
smoothly adjusted."
The President had been chatting
pleasantly up to this time, but his
/ace at once grew grave and he re
marked earnestly: "Yes, superfi
cially, all may look well; but we
cannot tell yet. The outlook is not
clear by any means."
One of those who were in the
company said the conversation gave
him an entirely new view of af
fairs. It was not so much what
the President said as the soberness
of his face and the earnestness of
his manner that carried the im
pression.
* It is not alone the tragedy in
Havana harbor and the complica
tions growing out of it that give
the administration anxiety. The
President realizes that the time is
very close at hand when something
may have to be done toward the
The San Francisco Call
solution of the general Cuban
problem, and that no matter what
may be the discoveries of the Board
of Inquiry the question of the es
tablishment of peaceful conditions
in Cuba will remain, pressing with
greater force for settlement day by
day. If anything is to be done by
the administration toward carrying
into effect the promises implied in
the President's message it is felt
that action will have to be taken
soon.
Should intervention be determ
ined upon it would have to be un-
dertaken before the deadly Cuban
: summer begins, and this limits the
time for action to the two months
intervening before the first of May.
; On May i the yellow fever sets
jin at Havana and conditions be
come intolerable for those who are
; not acclimated. To make any kind
! of a demonstration after that time
; it is thought might only result in a
i humiliating fiasco.
There is another consideration
which has weight with the Presi
dent. The time set for the evolu
tions of the North Atlantic squad
ron in southern waters expires in
the last week of April. The squad
ron was sent south in the expecta
tion that its presence would be
serviceable in bringing to a satis
factory conclusion the administra
tion's negotiations for a settlement
of Cuban troubles, and the idea of
calling the squadron home with no
result accomplished except the loss
of one of its sh:ps does not appeal
to those who are responsible for
the maneuvers.
Whatever may be the decision
as to the cause of the Maine disas
ter, it is believed that events are {
shaping themselves rapidly toward |
interference by the United States, i
The preparations for strengthen-!
ing the coast defenses and for put- !
ting the aimy and navy in prime j
condition are no longer concealed, i
The administration is not looking!
forward to offensive operations, but !
it intends when the time comes for
Continued en Second Page,
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
COURT OF INQUIRY
TO RESUME WORK
IN CUBA'S CAPITAL
It Is Not Believed the Work to Be
Done There Will Require
Very Many Days
More.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Br-nnott.
HAVANA, March 4.— The Herald-
Call dispatch boat arrived here this
evening. Other vessels that left Key
West this morning turned back on ac
count of the heavy sea, but seeing th<
Dewey steam on toward Havana turned
again and followed.
The court of inquiry is expected on
the Mangrove to-morrow and may hold
a session in the afternoon. Captain
Sigsbee expects the hearing will be con
cluded not later than Tuesday, when the
committee will proceed to Washington.
They may vote on the cause of the ac
cident before leaving here; if not, then
before reaching Washington.
Ensign Powelson and three divers will
be before the court here, Powelson
being the only witness of great impor
! tance. He has prepared a diagram
i showing the condition of the Maine
| after the explosion. This is said to be
j important in detail, and comprehensive.
It will be placed before the court at the
first session and Powelson will go over
it explaining the lines and plates.
The Spanish divers were again at
work this afternoon for about an hour.
The American divers went over the
ground with them, so it is not believed
that either the American or the Span
1 ish divers found anything. The Maine
is rapidly sinking, and it is feared when
stripped of the heavy upper works may
topple over. The starboard smoke
stack was taken away to-day and taken
into the gulf and thrown overboard.
The Bache is expected to-morrow to
take the unidentified bodies to Key
West for burial. One body, not identi
fied, was taken from the wreck this
morning terribly mangled. Another
i body, which may be that of Merritt, was
j found in the warrant officers' mess
room this afternoon. It was tightly
wedged by the chest and was not re
covered. It may be taken out to-mor
j row.
The American divers having exam
ined more or less thoroughly the ward
room of the Maine and the senior and
junior officers' mess-rooms, to-day
tried to effect an entrance into the petty
officers' compartment in the hope of
finding some bodies there. However, j
each day the belief grows stronger that
few if any more bodies will be recov
ered.
Captain Sharp, who is in charge of the
Merritt & Chapman wrecking outfit, ap
preciates the difficulties of the situation
better than others. He will not specify
any time when the big guns will be re
leased. It is necessary to first remove
the top of the turrets. These are held
in place by steel bolts, which must be
cut loose. The best informed people
here think a month will elapse before
the turrets are opened.
In the meantime work on the minor
details of the wreck will proceed with all
possible speed.
The discipline on board the Spanish
cruiser Vizcaya is very high, which
greatly gratifies the Spaniards.
A hurricane which swept over the
port of Batabano. on the south coast of
Cuba, opposite Havana, has done great
damage. It destroyed a hut in which
were quartered a number of soldiers be
longing to the Castilian battalion, kill
ing two of the men and wounding
twenty-five others. Thousands of trees
were swept away and the ships in the
harbor were obliged to put hurriedly to
sea to avoid being wrecked.
Senator Proctor returned this after
noon from Artemisa earlier than ex
pected, leaving there Miss Clara Barton,
Superintendent Elwell and two Red
Cross Society doctors, with orders to
assist in establishing a relief depot. The
Senator was enabled to see a part of the
country which he had not visited, where
tobacco and bananas were once the
staple.
WORK AT THE MARE
ISLAND NAVY YARD
Twenty-Five Additional Men Re-
quired, Including Ship-Fitters
and Shipwrights.
VALLEJO, March 4.— Cards were
sent out this afternoon for twenty
five additional workmen, including
ship-fltters and shipwrights. It is
expected that these men will be put
to work on the Charleston, now lying
alongside the wharf. The Philadel
phia is lying in midstream with noth
ing being done to the cruiser.
There is no unusual activity at the
yard. The only department reporting
an increase in numbers is that of the
department of construction, which dur
ing the past three weeks has had an
increase of some sixty odd in the work
ing force. The men to be taken on
within the next two or three days are
for this department. The department
of ordnance, having in charge all the
ordnance and ammunition, has only a
force of twenty men, though should a
large shipment of powder and shell be
made to the Mohican it would not ne
cessitate an increase in the working
force of this department, as the greater
portion of the work of transferring the
stores would be made by the crew
from the Mohican, if that ship car
ries the stores to China.
Carnegie's Case Hopeless.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The Morning
Telegraph says that Andrew Carnegie,
who is at Cannes, is suffering from a
complication of diseases and that hia
caße is hopeless. (
THE UNITED STATES
MAY HEREAFTER BE
A BIG PURCHASER
President McKinley Gets Ready for the
Worst and the Relations of the Two
Powers Have Taken a Most
Hostile Aspect.
LONDON, March 4.— lt was re
ported to-day that Spain had pur
chased two cruisers which the Arm
strongs have been building for Bra
zil, the Amazonas and a sister ship,
the Barrozo, of 4000 tons each, 23
knots and 10 guns. Later, when
Armstrong's manager was asked as
to the truth of this report, he denied
it most emphatically. "The Ama
zonas left the Tyne yesterday with a
native crew for Brazil," he said.
"The Barrozo, her sister ship, also
built by us, is ready to sail." Spain is
also negotiating for and will probably
secure two cruisers of a similar type
which have been building in France
for Brazil. These are presumed to be
the Deodoro and the Floriano, which
are building at La Sienne, Toulon.
These are small but powerful battle
ships. Their tonnage is only 3162,
but they carry four 10-inch rifles in
turrets in addition to two 6-inch and
four 10-inch guns and good second
ary batteries. Their coal endurance,
h.o*reve», ii smfcll and their fo»-te
would seem to be coast defense oper
ations, or cruising near the base of
supplies.
The Spanish Government is also
endeavoring to secure guns and large
supplies of munition in England and
on the Continent for immediate use.
The Government of Spain seems to
have funds, for it is understood to be
paying a large part of the purchase
money in cash, giving good security
for the balance, these being the only
terms upon which the Armstrongs
would deal. Some weeks ago Spain
attempted to purchase ships and
supplies in England on credit from
prominent firms having close rela
tions with the Government, but after
inquiries the firms refused to give
credit. Since then Spain has raised
funds from unknown sources. Diplo
mats in London express the belief
that French financiers are helping
the Spanish Government, although
this is denied in a Madrid dispatch
which says Spain is without money
other than that needed to send the
fleet already started across the ocean.
It is known that Spain is trying to
purchase three other ships which will
be rebuilt by the Armstrongs, but
she has not yet succeeded in making
a bargain, consequently there is still
time if the United States wishes to
forestall her.
The Amazonas and Barrozo, the
two cruisers said to have been pur
chased by Spain, are sister ships of
3450 tons, 7500 horse-power and an
estimated speed of 20 knots. They
were built to order for the Brazilian
Government at Armstrong & Co.'s
yard, Elswick, the Barrozo being
launched August 25, 1896, and the
Amazonas December 4, 1896, while
a third one is still on the stocks.
They are sheathed with wood and
coppered, thus avoiding frequent
dockage and enabling them to keep
at sea and maintain their intended
speed. Their dimensions are 330 feet
10 inches length, 43 feet 9 inches
beam and a mean draught of 16 feet
10 inches. The protective deck ex
tending clear fore and aft is 3 inches
thick. The normal coal supply on
3450 tons displacement is 700 tons
and the bunker capacity is 850 tons,
calculated to give a steaming radius
of 8000 knots at the most economical
speed.
The armament consists of six 6
inch rapid fire guns of 50-caliber — or
25 feet in length — located so as to
fire three ahead and three astern.
There are also four 50-caliber 4.7
inch rapid fire guns, ten 6-pounder
and four 1 -pounder Nordenfelt rapid
fire guns, four Maxim guns, two
landing guns and three torpedo
tube,s.
The two armored coast defense ves
sels ordered by Brazil from the
Forges et Chautiers de la Mediter
ranee, have been named Marshal Dao
doro and Marshal Floriano. Their
construction has been delayed owing
to changes which the Brazilian Navy
Department desired to introduce in
the design. They are of 3112 tons
displacement on a draught of 13 feet
Contlaued on Second Page.
THE PRESIDENT PREPARING
FOR WAR WITH SPAIN
NEW YORK, March 4.— The Herald's Washington corre
sponJent sends trie following :
The report that Spain has purchased or was negotiating for
warships being built by the Elswick Company of England for
Brazil, and for other ships under construction, has aroused great
speculation here as to whether this Government was contem
plating similar action.
>° °<
£ With a view of ascertaining the facts 3
£ I called to-day upon a high official of c
£ the administration and obtained the «
>o official admission — made for the first «=
g time — that, while the President does <
H» not anticipate war, he recognizes that «
£ fciwe Is a possibility of hostilities °j
C growing out of the Cuban problem and 3
G the Maine disaster, and that he pro- 3
£ poses to be prepared for it.
There has been ample evidence of this in the extensive
preparations, patent to everybody, which have been in progress
for some time, but there has been no official admission to this
effect until now.
AMERICAN FLEET
NOW AT HONGKONG
THREATENS MANILA
There Will Be Fi£htin£ in the
Eastern and the Western
Seas if War Should
Come,
NEW YORK, March 4.—
The Herald's Washington cor
respondent telegraphs: Eight
men-of-war which are prac
tically completed in foreign ship
yards have been offered for sale
to the United States. The
President has given considera
tion to the advisability of plac
ing an option on them.
It is understood that the department
proposes to order the cruiser Baltimore,
the flagship of the Pacific station, to re
enforce the Asiatic squadron. She will
carry to Hongkong a large supply of
powder and projectiles for the United
States ships in those waters.
Secretary Long has ordered a board
to examine the merchant vessels of the
United States to determine what
changes will be necessary to transform
them into auxiliary cruisers.
Anticipating an appropriation by
Congress, orders were given to-day
under which the plans for four coal
sheds at Key West were prepared and
completed in great haste, and the sheds
will be fitted, as soon as built, with fuel
for the North Atlantic squadron.
It is admitted in naval circles that the
matters referred to above, which have
been engaging the attention of the
President and the members of his Cabi
net, are the most important attempted
up to this time. A high official of the
administration told me to-day of the
President's consideration of the propo
sition that this Government follow the
example reported to have been set by
Spain and purchase some of the ships
now under construction abroad.
I learned from him that the Navy De
partment has been carefully watching
the construction of ships abroad
through the eyes of its naval attaches at
London, Paris, St. Petersburg, Berlin,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Vienna and Rome. This surveillance
has been maintained for two months,
but more especially since the Maine
disaster. Through these naval attaches
and from ship-builders themselves the
Secretary of the Navy has learned that
he can now purchase two small-sized
battle-ships, two -ignored cruisers and
four torpedo boaMKU at comparatively
small prices. Buiraere have promised
that they ,can deliver the vessels to
agents of this Government at this time
complete in every respect, and all that
will be necessary for the administration
to do will be to order the necessary de
tails of officers and men to proceed to
the shipyards, go on board the vessels
and take them to any point which may
be desired.
The builders have urged that the pur
chases be made at once, as they say that
a declaration of war between the United
States and Spain will result in the en
forcement of the neutrality laws and
prevent the sale of the ships. These
battleships and armored cruisers have
been built by English and German
firms for Governments which are now
unable to pay for them, so that this
Government would have no difficulty in
obtaining the vessels by simply putting
down the necessary amount of cash. The
torpedo boats have been offered by the
Thornycroft Ship-building Company,
whose boats are recognized by experts
to be among the best in the world.
While I was unable to learn the
names of the ships which have been of
fered to this Government, there is rea
son to believe that among them are
thr«e powerful ships under construction
at the Vulcan Works, Stettin. Germany,
for the Chinese Government. These
three ships are of 8000 tons displace
ment, contracted to make 10.5 knots and
will be able to carry not less than 1000
tons of coal in their bunkers.
There is also reason to believe that in2
case of trouble this Government could
purchase from Japan the Kasaci and the
Chiosa, which are neariiiK completion
at Philadelphia and the Union Iron
Works. The official with whom I
talked had no doubt that Japan would
be be willing to aid the United States
by selling the warships before the com
mencement of war. In the event of war
this Government might feel constrained,
he said, to take the ships and settle for
them afterward.
As the Herald has stated, Chile has a
fine armored cruiser of 8400 tons dis
placement, the O'Higgins, under con
struction, which could be purchased, it
is thought, if necessity demanded.
"Of course," said the administration
officer to me, "this Government will
have to pay nearly $10,000,000 for the
four battle-ships and cruisers and the
four torpedo boats which have been of
fered to it.
"If it should be found necessary to
take the Kasagi and Chiosa a big sum
would have to be paid to Japan. The
President realizes, I think, that the mar
gin of safety, so far as armored ships
are concerned, is dangerously close, and
Spain stands almost as good a chance of
winning as the United States in case of
war.
"The loss o. the Maine reduced our
armored fleet on the Atlantic to the
battle-ships lowa. Indiana and the Mas
sachusetts, the second-class battle-ship
Texas and the armored cruisers Brook
lyn and New York, making six in all.
The Spanish navy has now in commis
sion or practically ready for active serv
ice the battle-ship Pelayo, and the ar
mored cruisers Ahnirante Oqucndo.
Vizcaya, Infanta Maria Teresa. Carlos
V. Cristobal Colon and Princessa de
Asturias. The completion of the battle
ship Numancia and the armored cruisers
Catalina and Cardinal Cisneros is
being pushed, and they will be ready for
service in a few months. The total ar
mored fleet of Spain in commission to
day comprises seven^ ships, with three
shortly to be completed, and if the re
port of to-day should prove true two
more are to be added to her effective
force.
" ( >ur battle-ships are superior to
anything in Spain's navy, but it we are
to continue this superiority it would be
necessary for us to buy ships that have
been offered to us for sale. I have no
doubt that Congress will make the ne
cessary appropriation should the Presi
dent take the ships."
Before the cruiser Baltimore proceeds
to the Asiatic station she will await the
coming of the corvette Mohican, which
will convey to Honolulu from Mare
Island a great many tons of ammuni
tion for the ships of the Asiatic squad
ron.
There has been some talk of relieving
the cruiser Olympia by the Baltimore,
but no orders contemplating such ac
tion will be issued in the near future.
The addition of the Baltimore to the
Asiatic squadron will make that squad
ron sufficiently strong, it is believed in
official circles, to easily defeat the five
small Spanish vessels in the waters of
the Philippine Islands and to reduce the
fortifications of Manilla. •
The concentration of the Asiatic
squadron at Hongkong, 600 miles from
Manilla, was completed to-day when the
cruiser Boston and the gunboat Con
cord arrived at that port. Upon the ar
rival of the Baltimore at Hongkong,
which will be in the course of a month,
this Government will have at the British
port the Baltimore, the Olympia. the
Raleigh and the Boston and the gun
boats Concord and Petrel.
I was told to-day that the Asiatic
squadron was not so badly off for am
munition as sensational reports this
morning indicated. When the Concord
went to the Asiatic station last fall she
carried with her thirty-five tons of pro
jectiles and powder, which were distrib
uted among the vessels on the station.
The department has been attempting to
make shipments to Asia by tramp
steamers, but has been unsuccessful.
In accordance with orders issued last
week by Assistant Secretary Roosevelt,
Commander Pendleton, in charge of
the ordnance department at the Wash
ington Navy Yard, has commenced
shipment to New York of ten six-inch
guns built for the Atlanta and Chicago.
but which will in reality be placed
aboard the ships of the American line.
This shipment will be followed by an
other, which will include twenty-two
five-inch guns. It is proposed by the
department to have eveo'*hins? in readi
ness so that instant action can be taken
without the slightest unnecessary delay.
' There is no longer .any doubt of the
intention of the administration to keep
the North Atlantic squadron at the
strategical point at which it is now sta
tioned for some time to come.
FLAGSHIP OLYMPIA
TO BE ORDERED HERE.
The Peerless Queen of Cruisers Soon
to Be Sent to San Francisco
From the Asiatic Station.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— lt is prob
able that the Olympia, flagship of the
Asiatic Squadron and the peerless queen
of cruisers, will come home to San
Francisco. The navigation bureau has
thisrnovementunder consideration, and
in view of the fact that the ship has
been three years away from a navy
yard engaged in hard cruising service,
even if there were no other reason, it
is likely that the order will be given.
The Olympia is a protected cruiser of
extraordinary speed and endurance,
■with a battery strong enough to over
power almost anything short of a bat
tleship, and speed enough to run away
from that or anything else that she
does not care to fight.
The torpedo boat Winslow. at Nor
folk, has completed repairs, and will
Join the flotilla at Key West as soon
as the gale on the coast blows itself
out and makes the run down safe.
SAYS CONSUL LEE
SHOULD BE RECALLED.
One Conservative Spanish Newspaper
Complains of the Diplomat's
Course.
MADRID. March 4.— The Epoca, ..a
sober-sided conservative paper, says:
"We believe that just in the same man
ner as the Washington Government
acted in the case of Senor de Lome,
which was a case much less grave, so
should Senor Gullon act in the case of
General Lee. The relations of that of
ficial with the insurrectionists and his
maintenance in Havana are prejudicial
to the good relations of Spain and the
United States."
COURT IS AT
A STANDSTILL
No Sessions Have Been
Held During the Past
Two Days.
Proceedings May Be Further
Delayed by the Sickness
of a Stenographer.
Officers of the Maine Indignant Be
cause Survivors Are Ordered
to Duty at Once.
Copyrighted, ISPS, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 4.— The
work of the Court of Inquiry is at a
standstill. No sessions were held either
yesterday or to-day. Judge Advocate
Marix has spent the entire day ashore,
while Captain Sampson remained
aboard his ship, the lowa, until 3
o'clock this afternoon. He then came
ashore and conferred with Admiral Si
card and Commander West, chief of the
admiral's staff, in the parlors 'of the
Key West Hotel.
Captain Chadwick and Lieutenant
Commander Potter remained all day on
the flagship Xew York.
The taking of further testimony in
Havana may be somewhat delayed by a
curious complication. J. W. Hulz, the
official stenographer, was permitted to
start for Washington last evening.
Members of the Court of Inquiry
thought he could be spared, as the
small quantity of evidence remaining
to be heard at Havana could easily be
recorded by R. L. Bissell, who is the
court's official typewriter, and is also
an efficient stenographer.
Now that Mr. Hulz has gone, Mr.
Bissell is afflicted with a very sore arm
as a result of vaccination, to which
he had to submit last week in Havana
at the hands of Dr. Brunner. The arm
is swollen and so badly inflamed that
it may prevent rapid work on the type
writer, and thus become really a seri
ous impediment to the conclusion of the |
work of the Court of Inquiry. Substi- !
tutes cannot readily be put in the places j
of these men. They are especially skill- |
ful, and are sworn Government em- ,
ployes of the highest class in their pro- |
fession. The court's two days of idle- ;
ness and its obvious purpose to be in
no hurry to get back to Havana have ,
not unnaturally strengthened the be
lief already prevailing here that there
is a clearly defined purpose to gain fur
ther time before the conclusion of the
report on the investigation.
The first detachment of the Maine's i
survivors to go north will probably i
start to-morrow. It consists of Master- I
at-Arms Ladd and four men from the
steward's department. They are ex
pected to go direct to the receiving ship
Vermont in the New York Navy Yard. \
From there they will probably be de
tailed soon to duty on other vessels.
Master-at-Arms Ladd, it is said, will be
transferred to the ram Katahdin. Or
ders were received this afternoon de- '
tailing all the enlisted men for imme
diate duty on board the various ships
now at or near Key West. The only
exceptions are the five mentioned who j
go north, and four or flve^jthers whose j
injuries render them stfill unfit for duty.
No orders have yet tfeen received for j
the Maine's officers, bat they are open- !
ly indignant that their subordinates are j
ordered back to duty without opportu- j
nity to go home. The order issued to- \
day affects about fifty men.
After two postponements of its de- i
parture, the Court of Inquiry left for •■
Havana this evening on the lighthouse !
tender Mangrove. It is believed by the
best informed here that the court will
complete its labors In the Cuban capi
tal within ten days.
Only three of the six days the court ,'
was here were devoted to the work of j
investigation. The inactivity of yester- j
day and to-day is still unexplained, ex- j
cept by a semi-official statement that
Rear Admiral Slcard was awaiting in
structions from Washington. The ses- :
sions, it is generally understood, devel- ■
oped no evidence by which the court i
could definitely determine the cause of i
the explosion.
A naval officer in close touch with
the members of the court said to-day:
"With one exception, the witnesses
who testified here -were Maine surviv
ors. The evidence, though, in most
rases taking longer to tell, can be
summed up in the words of an enlisted
man who, when Judge Advocate Marlx
ask^d him what he knew about the ex
plosion, replied : 'Sir. I was blown up.
I was saved, and I'm here.' That was
all he could swear to."
On* important fact has been learned,
however. It is that, although the mem
bers of the court may have their indi
vidual theories, they are by no meand
prepared as a body to render a decisive
verdict. The official already quoted
said: "If the court has yet heard any
testimony which would enable it to de
cide intelligently that the Maine was
blown up from external causes, 1 am
the most mistaken man in the world.
Before the coming Havana sessions are
over, It may secure such evidence, and
possibly find the blowing up was inten
tional. It will learn from the divers the
actual condition of the ship after the
explosion, as it has already learned
from the survivors most of the details
of the ship's condition before the ex
plosion. With these bases thoroughly
established, the court will hear more
expert theoretical testimony, and then
reach a verdict."
This statement can be taken as more
worthy of reliance than that of the
Maine officer, who said the other day
that he believed the court was bound
on evidence already heard to find tne
cause of the explosion external. Its
conservatism is also at variance with
the opinions of many other naval offi
cers here, especially those of the young
er set. and directly contrary to the be
lief of most of the marine survivors,
that their ship was intentially blown
up.
Before sailing to-night Captain
Sampson had a long consultation with
Admiral Sicard.
! JUDGE-ADVOCATE MARIX'S
SIGNIFICANT WORDS.
Says the Court's Report Will Be In
teresting Beading for the
American People.
NEW YORK, March 4.— A Key West
special to the World says: A corres
pondent met Lieutenant Commander
Marlx half an hour before the Man
grove, with tbe Maine Court of In
quiry, sailed back to Havana to-day.
He laughed heartily at the idea that
the court investigation bad failed to
prove that the Maine had been blown
up from the outside.
"That's all bosh." he said. "Why
can't the newspapers stop theorizing
until we get ready to report? Then. I
assure you, we shall have some read
ing for the American people that will
be interesting."
"Will it mean war?" was asked.
The judge advocate's manner changed.
He looked grave, as he replied: "That's
a question I can't answer now. W,ait."
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
ARTILLERY BILL
TO BE PASSED
Soon the Pending Meas
ure Will Go Through
in the House.
Speaker Reed Will Not Regard
It in the Light of an Emer
gency Measure.
But a Majority of the Representatives
Favor Prompt Preparations for
Contingencies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 4.— A Washing-
I ton special to the Herald says: Chair
man Hull of the Committee on Military
Affairs is now confident that he will get
the bill providing for two additional
regiments of artillery through the
House next week. He told me to-day
that, while the Committee on Rules had
not yet acted on his resolution provid
ing for a special order for the consid
eration of the bill, he had what he re- I
garded as an assurance that they would
report a special order some day next i
week, and that the bill would be
passed. i
There was an informal conference of i
Republican members of the Committee
on Rules last night, at which the ques
tion of when the bill should come up \
was considered. There was some talk
of bringing it up to-day, but after some
discussion It was decided that it should
go over until next week. No specific
day was agreed upon and it is possi
ble that it may be delayed even longer.
Speaker Reed's position on the artillery
bill has been the subject of consider
able discussion, and it has been repre
sented in some quarters that he was
opposed to it. I am able to state that
the Speaker does not oppose the bill as
a measure for the increase of the army
so as to afford sufficient men to prop
erly care for new jfuns, which have
been mounted in seacoast fortifications.
He is one of the men in Washington,
however, who refuses to recognize the
existence of danger of a rupture with
Spain over the Maine disaster, and he
will not consider the artillery bill in the
light of an emergency measure. Tak
ing this view of the matter it is natu
ral that he should not regard the de
lay of a week or two of any particular
consequence. When the artillery bill
once gets before the House it will go
through with a rush. The opposition
to it has practically collapsed. Repre
senative Sulzer of New York is not the
only Democrat in the House who has
seen new light in regard to this bill.
I called on Boutelie this evening, and
asked for his views on the situation.
He declined to discuss it in any way or
to say what he thought of the proposi
tion to buy ships abroad for use tn the
event of an emergency. He declined to
discuss the work of his committee In ,
any way or to say what action would J
be taken. He declared that there was
no dispo.sitk.-n on the part of the com
mittee to refuse to give the navy all
that was needed.
SPAIN BUYING V SHIPS.
Continued from First Page.
2 inches. Their dimensions are 267
feet 6 inches in length and 48 feet
beam. Being intended solely for coast
defense, the motive power of their
two vertical triple-expansion engines
is to develop only 3400 horse-power
under natural draught and give a
speed of 14 knots, while under forced
draught the speed is to reach at least
15 knots.
Hul 1 . protection is afforded by a
Harveyized steel belt along the water
line, from forward to aft, 5 feet 6
inches in depth amidships and 13 3-4
inches thick, tapering at the ends to
4 inches. The ship has also an arm
ored deck 1.3 inches thick. The
armament consists of two 9.4-inch
Armstrong rifles mounted in turrets
of 8-inch Harveyized steel, four 4.7
inch quick-firers in casements of 2.9
inch armor and two 6-inch howitzers.
The secondary battery comprises four
6-pounders, two 1 -pounders, two ma
chine guns, two field pieces and two
torpedo tubes submerged. The coal
capacity is 236 tons and the comple
ment 200 men.
The condition of these two ships
is no doubt very backward as to com
pleteness. It is not even probable
that they have been launched.
Neither of them would cut much of
a figure in a naval demonstration, as
their coal supply would scarcely
suffice to carry them across the At
lantic. As coast defenders they are
only efficient so long as they are
within reach of a coal pile. Without
this latter they must depend upon
escorts and transports.
BRAZIL DID NOT
SELL THE SHIPS.
They Were Disposed of to Spain
Probably by the Firm That
Was Building Them.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AY RES, March 4.— 1 am ad
vised by the Herald's correspondent in
Rio Janeiro, Brazil, that nothing is offi
cially known about the reported pur
chase by Spain of the ships now build
ing in England for Brazil.
NEW YORK, March 4.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Con
siderable surprise has been expressed
here over the announcement from Lon
don that Spain has purchased the two
cruisers which the Armstrongs have
been building for the Brazilian Govern
ment. Brazil is in entire sympathy
with the United States as against
Spain, and stands ready to join with this
country in any step that may be made
toward recognizing Cuban independ
ence.
If Spain has secured these two ships,
it is believed the sale has been made
by the Armstrongs, rather than by
Brazil, notice having probably "been
given to the firm that they were at
liberty to sell them if a purchaser could
be found. There is no doubt the United
States could have had first choice had
the administration desired them. In ad
dition to these ships, constructed by
the Armstrongs for Brazil, that Gov
ernment haß under contract three tor
pedo vessels of 1030 tons each at Kiel,
Germany. None of the Brazilian ves
sels is of a type particularly desired by
the United States. The weakness of
our navy is specially in armored ves
sels.
FORTIFICATION
AT SAN DIEGO
War Department Rushing
Work on the Harbor
Defenses.
The Third 10-Inch Disappear
ing Gun Being Taken to
Ballast Point.
Force of Men From Battery D Mak
ing Roadways and Other Pre
parations for the Guns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, March 4.— The War De
partment is rushing work on the forti
fications of San Diego harbor. The
third ten-inch disappearing gun and
the last to be mounted at present at
Ballast Point is now at the end of the
Sprockels wharf, and a force of men
under the supervision of Captain Pol
hemus is at work getting ready to
move it upon a large lighter. It will
be put on board the lighter at high
tide to-morrow morning and towed to
the fortifications. All the material for
the fortifications at Ballast Point is
now here, and all that remains is to
mount the guns, the last carriage hav
ing been delivered last week.
There is now a force of between
thirty and forty men from Battery D
making roadways and other prepara
tions for the handling and mounting of
the guns. The original intentions of the
Government were to allow the em
placements and cement work at the
point fully six months to set and
harden before the guns and carriages
with their enormous freight were put
in place. But present orders are to
hasten the work at least to a point
where the guns can be put in promptly
if needed.
Each gun was tested by the.Govern
ment officials before being sent here.
The three emplacements for the dis
appearing guns are now finished, the
last one being completed this month.
The first emplacement was finished
about six months ago, and on this em
placement the first gun will be mount
ed. The work will require about two
weeks. After the gun is mounted and
ready Major Field >>f the Second Ar
tillery, inspector for this district, will
be here to inspect thf gun and have it
fired with a full charge to test the em
placements. The charge for each gun
requires 2co2 c 0 pounds of brown pris
iiiati<- po\ der, and the projectile
weighs r>. r )0 pounds. At the muzzle the
projectile can penetrate twenty inches
<if steel, and eighteen inches of steel at
1000 yards. The first gun will be mount
ed as soon as the detachment now at
work from Battery D finishes the work
on the roads leading to the emplace
ments.
THE PRESIDENT
IS ALIVE TO
"." THE DANGER
Continued from First Page.
a clear declaration of policy the
United States will be ready for any
contingency that may result from
such declaration.
The Speaker and his trusted fol
lowers are doing what they can to
counteract the war spirit in the
House. During the past week Mr.
Reed has been talking a great deal
with members, and some of the
Republicans are authority for the
statement that he is making a per
sonal canvass for recruits to sup
port him in resisting the anti-Span
ish sentiment, which is very
strong. It is said that he is mak
ing individual appeals to Repub
licans not to permit themselves to
be carried away by sentiment and
emotion, but to stand up consist
ently for the policy which has
thus far been followed of holding
the Cuban agitation in check.
The Evening Star to-day says:
The statement may be reiterated
with confidence and positiveness
that the administration has aban
doned the theory that the Maine
was blown up by accident. It is
asserted that the board could now,
if no more testimony were taken,
show clearly that the destructive
agency was exploded from the
outside. Further investigation is
necessary, not to make this fact
more clear, but to show con
clusively, if possible, what the
external agency was, in what
manner and by whom exploded.
If the evidence of external ex
plosion is as manifest, upon in
spection, as it is believed to have
been found by the American
divers, the hope is entertained
that the Spanish divers will re
port this fact, and that the
Spanish board will acknowledge
the external explosion and the
Spanish Government at once offer
full reparation.
Unless Spain, actuated by a
false and dishonorable pride,
actually desires war or prefers
war to the humiliation of confess
ing responsibility for the disaster,
this course »vill be followed by
her if the Spanish divers nuke
the discoveries which it is antici
pated they will. If Spain is not
desirous of avoiding war, then it
is likely that her divers and her
Board of Inquiry will be afflicted
with official blindness, which will
prevent their seeing what was
made apparent by the American
investigation-
ITS CONDITION
DEFENSELESS
Dry Tortugas Is Now a
Positive Source of
Danger.
Could Be Occupied by an
Enemy as a Base of Naval
and Military Operations.
An Old-Style Fort and Obsolete Guns
That Could Not Withstand At
tack in Modern Warfare.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 4.
In Its preent defenseless condition, it
is pointed out, Dry Tortugas is a posi
tive source of danger, as it could be
occupied by an enemy as a base of
naval and military operations. The
most essential feature of its defense
would be the moving of guns, and with
these the harbor would give one of the
best roadsteads in southern waters.
The main defenses are on Tortugas,
meaning Turtle Island, and occupy
practically the entire island, al
though a small narrow coral reef
sweeps around it, affording additional
shelter. The fort is known as Fort Jef
ferson. It is a three-story brick struc-
ture, with casements, the walls being
four feet three inches thick. The gar
rison quarters are located in these
casements, the old plan being to place
the artillery in the upper stories and
the infantry below. The old defenses
consisted of thirty-two and forty-two
pounder guns and one or two Parrots
of 200 and 300 pounds. These four-feet
three-inch walls and old style guns
would be of little service in modern
warfare, and such as remain are prob
ably out of practical service by the
quarantine uses to which Fort Jeffer
son has been put in recent years.
It is thought, however, that the old
brick fort would serve temporary uses
as a garrison and that the surround
ings would afford a good location for
heavy guns to protect the roadstead.
The fortifications board, headed by
General Miles, some time ago reported
that the Dry Tortugas Islands were
necessary as a part of our system of
coast defenses. The naval scheme of
defense of the coast, as laid down in
the plans by the naval war college last
summer, also contemplated the Tortu
gas Islands as a base of operations,
while the board appointed by Secretary
Long to select sites for drydocks last
summer also devoted considerable
space in its report to showing the im
portance of the islands from a strategic
ably better than that off Key West, a
point of view. The anchorage is prob
fact made evident by the preference
for Tortugars harbor shown by Admi
ral Sicard during the southern ren
dezvous of the North Atlantic squad
ron now in progress.
CLAMOR IN AMERICA,
CALM IN SPAIN.
Brothers Across the Sea Too Much
Engaged in Distress at Home to
Pay Attention to War.
LONDON, March s.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: In
contrast with the clamor in America,
there is almost absolute calm here and
that too, even on the bourses, where
the falls are due to foreign selling.
The general opinion is that the United
States dare not make the suspicion,
which is unsupported by evidence, and
is abhorred by European opinion, the
pretext for war.
The distress in various parts of the
country occupies the public mind fai
more than American relations. Not
withstanding the reduction in the grain
duty, a famine threatens. The Social
ists" are utilizing the dearth, under
guise of electioneering, as a means of
fomenting popular agitation, and it
would require some overt act on the
part of America to divert public senti
ment.
CAN PURSUE ONLY
THIS FIRM COURSE.
If Spain Is Responsible for the Maine
Disaster Uncle Sam Must De
mand Satisfaction.
BOSTON. March 4.— The Journal to
morrow will say: Joseph H. Beale, pro
fessor of law at Harvard, in response
to the Boston Journal's request for the
legal view of the present situation with
Spain, makes the following statement:
"To the Boston Journal: If it should
turn out that the Maine was de
stroyed by some cause for which the
Spanish Government could be held re
sponsible, the only course which the
United States could pursue as a civil
ized nation would be to demand of
Spain an apology and full indemnity in
money. JOSEPH H. BEALE JR."
ADVEBTISEMENTS. v
Threw His Crutches Away
"That's easy," is often heard when |
a supposedly difficult thing is readily j
accomplished. So quickly and so com- j
pletely does Hood's Sarsaparilla cure
rheumatism and other complaints
caused by acid or impure condition of
the blood, that when we hear of such
cases we feel like saying:
"That's easy!"
For illustration we might cite thou-
sands of testimonials like the follow-
ing:
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine because it accomplishes wonderful cures when all other medicines fail. So-ld by all
druggists. $1, six for |5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Apothecaries, Lowell, Mass.
BRAVE MEN
BREAK DOWN
Americans Sob at the
Graves of the Maine's
Martyred Seamen.
Captain Sigsbee Tries to Speak,
but Is Overcome by
Emotion.
During the Placing of Flowers in the
Havana Cemetery the Cere
monies Are Most Touching.
Copyrighted, IS?S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 4.— Wreaths were
placed upon the graves of the dead
seamen from the Maine in Christobal
Colon Cemetery to-day, and appropri
ate services were held there. Nearly
every American now in Havana was
present, and all stood with uncovered
heads in a circle around the rude
mounds of clay while Captain Sigsbee
placed the flowers, and as they listened
to the touching prayer uttered by
Chaplain Chidwick. The demonstra
tion was spontaneous. Many Ameri
cans now about to leave Cuba could not
bring themselves to depart without first
paying a tribute to the dead heroes, and
last night the movement took definite
form when George C. Mages, a Chi
cago tourist, drew up the following me
morial:
"American citizens: Havana placed
the first wreath of flowers on the
graves of the heroes of the battle-ship
Maine. May Americans In Havana in
future years continue this custom year
by year. May they keep sacred the
memory of those whose lives were sac
rificed upon the altar of their coun-
try."
This was placed upon the desk at
the Hotel Ingleterra and was quickly
signed by all Americans in the hotel.
A procession of fifty carriages start
ed from the Ingleterra for the ceme
tery this afternoon. Consul-General
Lee and Captain Sigsbee rode in the
first carriage. In the second were
Chaplain Chidwick and a priest sent
by General Blanco. Then followed
American tourists, residents and news
paper correspondents, probably 200 in
all. Arriving at the cemetery a group
quickly formed about the graves. Cap
tain Sigsbee intended to make a short
address, but his feelings overcame him
and sobs choked his words. The situ
ation was most distressing and tears
streamed down the faces that had not
known tears before in many years.
Mr. Mages went to the relief of Cap
tain Sigsbee, and in a few words told
of the occasion of the gathering. Then
all listened while Chaplain Chidwick
in a voice breaking with emotion ut
tered the following prayer:
••Almighty, all-merciful God, whose
providence is to have mercy and save,
we humMy beseech thee, have mercy
on the souls of thy children, that al
though their dust lies in this conse
crated spot, their souls immortal may
live and reign with thee in company of
the blessed forever. Remember, God,
they are thy creatures, made by thy
hands; that they believed and hoped
in thee. Bless, we beseech thee,- their
most fruitful faith. Look forgivingly
upon this last awful sacrifice in which
they ended their lives. Give them the
reward of their faith, fulfillment of
their hope, through Jesus Christ, our
Lord. Amen. Most merciful Father,
mindful of the passion and death of
thine only begotten Son. who offered
himself, holy holocaust upon the cross
for our salvation, grant these thy ser
vants through his sufferings forgive
ness for their sins and life everlasting.
Regard the comely figure of thy well
beloved Son. Behold his body torn and
lacerated and crucified and dead and
buried. Grant that these humiliations
and pains will not be for naught for
our beloved dead, but that they may
come into posesslon of their great re
gard, which was purchased by Christ's
precious blood. Jesus Christ, our
leader and our captain, who died to
teach us how to die. to teach us the
nothingness of death and prove life
beyond, may thy wounds be a source
of food and drink and eternal life for
our dead. May thy cross be their
glory, thy death their everlasting life,
thy resurrection their comfort and so
lace, and thy eternal presence their
abiding joy forever. Eternal rest grant
them and may the perpetual light of
the Lord shine upon them. May their
souls through the mercy of God rest in
peace. Amen."
At the conclusion of the prayer Con
sul-General Lee tried to speak, but
seeing distress on every countenance,
Miss Willard's Bequests.
CHICAGO, March 4.— The will of the
late Frances E. Willard was offered for
probate to-day. Most of the estate is left
to Miss Anna Gordon, but Miss WUlard'd
home in Evanston is left to Miss Gordon
and Mary B. Willard during their lives
and will revert eventually to the benefit
of the National "Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union. The estate is estimated
at $17,000, of which $16,000 is in real prop
erty.
"I want to tell the great good Hood's j
Sarsaparilla has done me. I am get- j
ting to be quite an old man and became
all used up in the army during mythree
years and nine months' service. I have
been
Troubled With Rheumatism
besides the wounds received in the
army and also with pains in my stom-
ach. Finally I had to go on crutches.
I took all kinds of medicine prescribed,
without much help. Three years ago I
thought I would try Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla. Before I too-k one bottle, I be-
gan to feel better. Before I finished
the second bottle, I could get around
the house without the aid of my
crutches. Before I tried it I was in
such pain
I Could Not Sleep
nights. Now I can go to bed and rest
better and am free from pain. I know
that Hood's Sarsaparilla has helped me
and I know it is the best medicine I have
taken. I am telling all the folks how
much better I feel, and recommend it to
others. Hood's Sarsaparilla has also
WILL MOLD
THE VERDICT
Administration Will Act
According to the Naval
Court's Findings.
President, McKinley Anxious
to Take Hold as Soon
as Possible.
In the Event of Treachery Beinjf
Shown a Conflict With Spain
Would Appear Unavoidable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The Herald*
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Although uncertain as to the exact dattf
when the court of inquiry investigating
the Maine disaster will submit its find
ings, the authorities are growing mors
confident that the decision will ba
against the accidental theory. Presi
dent McKinley shows his anxiety to
take hold of the Maine matter at the
earliest date possible by a dispatch,
sent to Admiral Sicard to-day by Sec
retary Long at the request of the Pres
ident, inquiring as to when the findings
of the court might reasonably be ex
pected. This reply received to-night
signed by Sicard leaves the President
still in the dark on this point: •
"I have talked with the President of
the court of inquiry and agree with him
that it is not yet possible to fix the dato
of the findings. Much depends on the
progress of the divers and the wrecker
and the results they obtain. Every ef
fort is being made to advance the in
quiry. The court returns to Havana
by the Mangrove this evening, having
about finished the examination at Key
West."
On the strength of the information
received at the State Department from
Consul-General Lee as to the progress
made by the divers in the absence of
the court in Key West, Assistant Sec
retary Day said yesterday that a re
port was looked for by the middle of
next week. But as it is manifestly the
purpose of the court to get every scrap
of evidence obtainable, a fortnight may
yet elapse before the final conclusions
are received in Washington. The re
port that the stenographer of the court
was on his way to Washington from
Key West cannot be confirmed here.
The possibilities of a complication
growing out of the Maine disaster are
thought here to be somewhat enhanced
by the probability, as indicated in the
dispatches to the Herald this morning,
that the report of the Spanish court of
inquiry would be diametrically opposed
to that of the report of the American
court. It has been realized all along
that if a hitch occurred it would be
over the refusal of Spain to meet our
demands for an indemnity. With a re
port from the Spanish court of inquiry
showing that an accident caused the
disaster and a report from the United
States court showing that it could not
have been caused by accident, it is
appreciated that it w r ould be difficult
for the Governments to arrive at an
amicable settlement. It rpay be ac
cepted as a foregone conclusion that
the administration will stand by the
verdict of the court of inquiry, what
ever it may be, regardless of any deci
sion reached by the Spanish officials.
It is equally certain that if our naval
court finds an explosion from the out
side caused the destruction of th^
Maine, demands will be made upoi^
Spain for an indemnity. If Spain should
undertake to exonerate herself by en
deavoring to produce the real culprit,
or if she disavowed ail knowledge of
the affair with the suggestion of in
demnity, this administration would be
willing to grant her reasonable time.
It can be stated, however, that if
Spain suggests that the examination
made by our officials is an ex parte one
and they have reached a verdict of de
liberate explosion in order to shield
their own alleged laxity of discipline
and carelessness, it will dangerously
strain the relations between the two
countries. Upon the court's decision the
whole question hinges. Its verdict will
be accepted by the people of the United
States. If they say that the ship was
blown up by an accident there may
be still a lingering doubt in the minds
of some, but there will be no official or
popular protest. The incident will be
considered as closed. If, on the other
hand, they conclude that the ship was
not destroyed by design, the American
people will expect Spain to acquiesce
in that decision. If she does not there
is likely to be trouble.
Railroad to the Yukon.
JUNEAU, Alaska, March 1, via Port
Townsend, March 4.— That the Roths
childs will attempt to build a railroad
to the Yukon is now believed a cer
tainty. The steamer Walcott, which
arrived here last night, landed a party
of over forty men and equipment for
railroad building at Pyramid harbor,
near the Pyramid harbor salmon can
nery, last Sunday.
benefited my wife very much. She had
nervous prostration, and could not sleep
nights or at any other time. I got her
to take Hood's Sarsaparilla, and she
soon began to sleep better and look bet-
ter. Her nerves became quieted, and it
has helped her greatly. I shall recom-
mend Hood's Sarsaparilla to all be-
cause of the good it has done us."
DELANO LEIGHTON.
Dexter, Me.
N. B.— Be sure to get Hood's.VAIN QUEST
FOR BODIES
OF THE LOST
Sea Retains the Dead
of the Clara
Nevada.
]No Longer Hope That a
Single Person V/as
Spared.
New York Party Known to
Have Been Aboard the
Vessel.
THE WHITELAW ASHORE.
Disaster Overtakes the Wrecker
In the Narrows Nine Mile*
From Juneau.
Si>*<-ial Dispatch to The Call.
JT'NEAU. Alaska. March 1 (by
steamship City of Seattle, via Victoria,
B. C, Ma-eh 4).— Another searching
party which went to the scene of the
awful wreck of the Clara Nevada has
returned without results. As previous
ly predicted, it Is now certain beyond
the possibility of hope that not a soul
survived this, the worst disaster of the
Klondike rush.
Attorney A. M. Reed of Portland,
Or., arrived here last Thursday to
make as thorough an investigation as
possible In the interest of insurance
companies and also to look for bodies.
He chartered the small steamer Rust
ler, which carried the previous search
ing expedition, and after nearly three
days spent in the vicinity of the wreck
returned without a word to add to the
information already known. Not a
corpse was found. It is the rule that
bodies of people drowned in Alaska
seas are never recovered. Once
drowned they never rise to the surface.
It is impossible to tell into what sub
terranean caverns the deep undertow
and currents carry them; and then the
waters are filled with sharks, which
swim in both depths and shallows.
The wreck is still on the reef on
Fldredge Point and is rapidly break
ing up. The sides are going to pieces
and part of the main deck is gone. In
the next hard blow all of the wreckage
will disappear.
It is now known that a New York
party, which was returning to Seattle
to advise friends by wire which of the
Lynn Canal passes to take to the Yu
kon, was aboard, but as usual names
are wanting:. . The life insurance com
pan»e«.,are In luck, .because it will be
hardly possible to prove who the dead
are. Hundreds of Klondlkers have ta
ken out some kind of an insurance pol
icy. Life and accident insurance agents
are aboard many of the larger steam
ships bound north.
This morning at 6 o'clock. In a denae
fog, the well-known wrecker. White
law, went ashore on the Sheep Creek
sand spit, about ten miles below Ju
neau. She had a narrow escape from
destruction, and is not safe yet. A
heavy sea was running. The sand spit,
instead of a reef of rocks, is the White
law's salvation if she is pulled off to
night at extreme high tide. The
weather is unusually clear to-day, and
she can be seen from the Juneau docks
well in shore, with a bad list to port.
The ship was noticed early this morn
ing from the Treadwell Mines.
There being no small boat at Juneau
to-day which could be chartered for a
short trip, the identity of the stranded
ship was not known till late this aft
ernoon. At that time the Douglas Isl
and ferry brought over several pas
sengers who had left the ship and made
the island in a email boat. They told
Captain Yorke of the ferry that the
Whitelaw was not considered in a pre
carious position unless a high wind
rises so as to blow her harder on the
shore. She is right in the path of
winds, than which there are no harder
In Alaska— -near Taku Inlet. The Taku
winds are known and feared by every
old Alaska sea captain. Captain Car
roll once said that they would blow the
buttons off a man's duster, but as high
tide Is coming on at this writing (5
p. m.) and there is no wind it is prob
able that the Whitelaw will not be
compelled to assist at the wrecking of
herself, but may live to reap salvage
from other wrecks as well known as
til* Columbia *.% Pigeon Point, the St.
Paul in Monterey Bay and the collier
San Benito at Point Arena.
The passengers are not . mtr.y and
' were not greatly alarmed. Ths cap
tain of the Whitelaw thinks he can
draw her off himself at high tide.
The Whitelaw is bound from San
Francisco and Seattle with a heavy
Klondike cargo for Dyea and Skaguay.
Last week as she was coming into Ju
■ .neau channel during a hard blow the
steamship Oregon was lifted bodily by
wind and sea and deposited on the
sloping shore of Douglas Island. She
got off next day without serious in
jury. The bark Canada was also
ashore at Skaguay, but was saved by
the little steamship Coleman.
John Housted, a passenger aboard
the Whitelaw, told me to-night that
the passengers on the Whitelaw, fear
ing that the crew lacked experience,
signed a petition asking Captain Lock
, tic-re to put into Seattle, Port Town
send or Port Angeles for a pilot and
take the inside passage.
He said there was much confusion
among the crew aboard the ship on the
trip up; that the water barrels were
. left open, and the sea. coming aboard
. off Cape Flattery spoiled the water. A
pilot was taken aboard at Port An
gele*. . .
In coming through Wrangel Nar
rows yesterday morning with the ship
drawing only thirteen feet of water
and the buoys in plain sight, the ship
ran aground and tore off her shoe. She
drfw off successfully, but on the voy
aere up she lay over every night in
safe waters.
The Whitelaw left San Francisco on
February I" with 144 people aboard,
including: the crew. Housted, who is
a Scotch sailor bound for the Klon
dike, said that instead of trying to
make headway this morning in the fog
the ship should have hove to until the
weather cleared. The Whltelaw was
several miles out of her course. She
should have been close to Douglas
"Island, whereas she was over on the
main 'and side, whence projected the
sand spit. Housted said it was lucky
for the ship that she ran on sand in-
Kt'ead of rocks. He thinks there is no
doubt that she can draw off all right.
At 10 o'clock to-night the wind be
gan to rise and the Whitelaw had not
yet appeared in port.
Three Klondikera arrived yesterday]
BRAVES GREAT
DANGERS FOR
HIS FAIR BRIDE
In the Presence of firmed F r i er >ds
a Young Man Is Married to a
Wealthy Widow.
NEW YORK, March 4.— An Augusta CGq.) special to the Herald
says: Mrs. S. A. Groves, a wealthy and prominent widow of Lincoln
ton. was married in this city at C o'clock this evening to K. L. Smith,
a young business man of that town. The ceremony was performed in
the presence of an armed guard, who arrived with Smith this after
noon to prevent threatened violence from Coleman Groves, son of the
bride, and Dr. J. W. Caldweil, another member of the Groves family.
The bride was too weak from prostration resulting from the excite
ment of the past few days to stand, and remained in her chair as the
marriaue ritual was read.
The marriage is a sequel to one of the most sensational horsewhlp
plngs in Georgia history. On the 27th of February Smith was attacked
in the road near their homes in Lincolnton by Dr. Caldweil and Cole
man Groves. He was taken from his buggy and his clothes stripped
from his shoulders. He was then given forty lashes on his bare back
with a buggy whip. The lash was used by Dr. Caldweil. The whipping
was administered, it is alleged, because of Smith's attentions to Mrs.
Groves, and when he was restored, half dazed from the blood shed and
pain, he was commanded to not again show his presence in the Groves
home. This warning he ignored, and finally Mrs. Groves came to the
city. Expecting that an elopennent was contemplated, her son and Dr.
Caldweil. armed to the teeth, followed, and young Groves declared
here openly to-day that if Smith made an attempt to marry his mother
he would kill him. Smith, however, braved the danger, but a party of
friends, armed far an emergency, accompanied him here. They arrived
at 5 o'clock this afternoon, and repaired immediately to thehotel, where
Mrs. Groves is stopping, and the marriage ceremony was quickly per
formed. Young Groves and Dr. Caldweil rushed to the scene, but found
themselves greatly outnumbered, and desisted from any attempt at vio
lence. It is feared, however, that bloodshed will follow. On account of
Mrs. Groves' nervous physical condition her friends tried to dissuade
her from marrying this afternoon, but she would not listen to the propo
sition. The parties stand high socially at their homes.
from Dawson and went south aboard
the Farallon. They are Thomas Elliot, ;
Thomas Shepherd and H. E. Peters. ■
A.ll have sacks heavy with gold.
amounting to about $4000 each, brought |
out as Peters said, "As an evidence
that there is plenty more where this
came from." They made locations on ;
one of the "pup" gulches running into
Dominion Cretk. Peters said there \
was plenty of food in Dawson, and that j
if the Canadian police regulation re- j
quiring every person going into .
the Klondike to have at least j
1000 pounds of provisions was contin
ued in force there was not likely to be
another food shortage in Dawson. He
said that many men in Dawson had \
staked too much ground and in order
to work it. as required by law, they
must either sell it, let friends in on the
location, or dispose of it on shares, as
it is impossible to work it all them
selves. This would give other people j
who have no locations a chance.
No new strikes further than previous- ;
ly reported have been made. Peters did
not think the number of sleds on the
trail behind this season would exceed
three or four, as miners living in Daw- :
son would go down the river when
the ice broke instead of poling up.
As spring and thawing ice draws near
all claim holders who were at work ,
last winter were looking greedily for
ward to the spring cleanup, having
much gold in sight. He thought the
output of dust would be stupendous.
For three days the weather at the !
head of Lynn Canal and at Juneau has ,
been exceptionally clear and beautiful.
Klondikers at Dyea, Skaguay and
Sheep Camp took immediate advantage \
of it. They have been swooping over ;
the summits in swarms, being so thick
as to appear from the altitude of the
pass like swarms of flies on the snow.
The already large crowds at Lake Lin
derman and at Lake Bennett have
doubled. Thousands are still on tKe ■
tidewater waiting to get over with
their outfits.
Much sickness prevails at Skaguay. :
There are one, two or three deaths each |
day, mostly from an affliction said to i
resemble spinal meningitis. The cause i
of the sickness is not positively known, |
but it is said to be the drinking water.
The sanitary condition of Skaguay is j
not the best, and when warm weather !
comes the discarded refuse of the win
ter, now frozen, will make it more se
rious. Crowds are still coming as fast
as ships can carry them.
HAL HOFFMAN.
Falls to His Death.
SANTA MONICA. March 4.— Ed J.
Clark, one of Santa Monica's most popu
lar young business men. met instant death
to-day. Clark, who was an expert elec
trician, was repairing a private wire at
tached to the roof of a block and con
nected with his bicycle store, and in some
way lost his balance and fell a distance
of twenty-five feet, striking on his head.
E. A. GABRIEL, the Man to Whom Wilett Confessed.
THE SAHST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
CLEVELAND YET
FOR SOUND MONEY
Says He Cannot Account for
the Arrogance of Free-
Silver Forces.
; So He Encourages the Gold Demo
crats of Pennsylvania in
Their Stand.
!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, March Represent
i atives of the State organizations of the
I Jr-ffersonian or gold Democratic party
! met here to-day and resolved to put in
the field a ticket of their own for State
; offices, from the governorship down, and
: for members of Congress in every district.
! A letter from ex-President Cleveland was
i read, in which he says:
I hope mo3t sincerely that there may
be a sound-money movement in Penn
sylvania that will be strong and useful.
I cannot account. for the arrogant confi
dence of the free silver forces except
upon the theory that they are led to be
lieve that there Is very little aggressive
i effort to be made by their opponents.
It is strange that the apparent apathy
'in many of our sound money States
! should give plausibility to such a belief.
If any one believing with us supposes
that free silver can be prevented from
controlling the two houses of the next
Congress without effective organization
and hard work, the quicker he abandons
the idea the more useful he will be as a
' sound money man. I ;^n lo earnest in my
1 desire to see our cou try blessed with
• safe money and a suitable financial sys
• tern that I am of the opinion that we
i ought to give patriotic, and consistent
i support to any plan which insures this
I result and which has the element that
''■ promises its successful advocacy.
GROVER CLEVELAND.
An executive committee of fifteen wan
i appointed to carry out the purposes of
I the meetings.
Going Back to Stand Trial.
SAN JOSE, March 4.— Edwin A. Lowe,
who is charged with embezzling $1800
from the postofflce at Newton, Mass., was
taken to San Francisco by a Deputy
United States Marshal to await the ar
rival of an officer from the East. Lowe
was assistant postmaster at Newton. Last
November he found a shortage of $300
in his books. Being unable to make it
good, he took $1500 more and fled to Mex
ico. He came to California about a
month ago. A couple of weeks ago he
surrendered to Constable Martin at
Mountain View.
WILETT'S
CRIMES OF
THE PAST
Baden Suspect Hints
at Many Dark
Deeds.
Gloats Over His Ability
to Cover Up His
Tracks.
Confesses to Several Robberies
Committed in San
Francisco.
EXPECTS FINANCIAL AID.
Anxiously Awaiting an Answer
to Teleyram Sent to His
Uncle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, March 4.— James
Wilett, the accomplice of Moore, alias
Raymond, and Winters in the murder
of C. A. Andrews at Baden in Novem
ber last, is waiting to hear from rela
tives he claims to have in Texas before
making any further statements con
cerning his participation in the crime.
He was in a joyful mood all day, chat
ting pleasantly with his fellow prison
ers and cracking Jokes with the guards.
"I would just as leave suing on the i
end of a rope as go back to Folsom,"
he said. "Perhaps I will swing any
way. It makes no difference. I have !
found in my experience that I have to j
pay the State for nearly all the tricks
I ever turned, and I guess I have not
paid all my debts yet."
He asked several times If a reply to
the telegram he sent to an uncle in
Texas had been received. From the
tone of his inquiries his guards are of
the opinion that he expects help from
them to get him out of the present
predicament. During the day he hinted
at several crimes he had committed,
and for which he never was fcuspected.
For those crimes, he said, he should
have spent twice his lifetime in prison,
and the sentences he had already
served were for crimes in which he was
but slightly implicated.
Raymond and Winters, he said, were
his accomplices in most of his recent
crimes. The three worked for several
days in the vicinity of the Emmanuel
Baptist Church in San Francisco and
held up more than one person. They
robbed one man in front of the '
church early in November. All
they got from him was $20. The
man pleaded for the return of
a dollar or two of it, but it was
not given him. On that occasion one
of the robbers lost his mask. It was
afterward found tincl the police of San
Francisco are holding it as evidence
against the robbers when they catch
them. Wilett said with a laugh when
he finished the story:
"The robbers are caught."
The prisoner denies havlnp any
knowledge of any person serving a
sentence at San Quentln Prison for a
crime he had committed.
"All the crimes I ever committed I
paid for, with perhaps a few excep
tions. No one that I know of is doing
time for my tricks."
Sheriff Mansfield believes that If
Wilett does not hear favorably from
the relatives he claims to have in
Texas he will admit his guilt In the
Baden murder and tell of all the other
crimes of his checkered career. Wil
ett Is fond of boasting of the acts of
his criminal life, and when he finds
that he cannot hope to esape a life sen
tence or avoid the hangman he will tell
of many crimes that an* yet puzzling
the police of several cities.
FIGHT A DUEL
WITH KNIVES
Two Men Engage in a Des
perate Affray on a
Gilroy Ranch.
Twenty-Four Wounds Inflicted by
One of the Combatpnt*
Upon the Other.
Pneclal Dispatch to The Call.
GILROY. March 4.— Thomas Nlhill. a
farmer residing near Gilroy, had a quar
rel with his wife's cousin, Phil Kelley,
last evening, and as a result is occupying
a cell in the Town Jail, while Kelley is
lying dangerously wounded at the City
Hall. The altercation occurred at the
Nihill ranch, and was the outcome of a
family feud. Nihill's wife is suing him
for a divorce and the case was to have
come up to-day in the Superior Court of
Santa Clara County.
Nihill claims that Kelley made the first
attack, while Kelley says that Nihill
opened hostilities. It was a bloody bat
tle and lasted a half hour, the men wrest
ling and chasing each othor from house
to house and over the ranch. Both had
knives and Kelley struck Nihill in the
head with a spade.
Kelley had twenty-four cuts in different
parts of his body, and his clothes were
saturated with blood. The doctors took
aeventy-two stitches, and h© Is one masß
of cotton batting and plasters. Nihill
was cut on the arm and also on the
Nlhtll claims that his wife was the
primary cause of the battle. The two had
divided the community property and lived
in separate houses. Kelley was stopping
at Mrs. NihiU's house during her absentee
in San Jose. No charge has yet been
entered against the men. as the officers
are awaiing the outcome of Kelley's
wounds, which may prove fatal.
CONTRACT FOR THE
SAN PEDRO HARBOR.
The Work Will Be Done by the Low
est Bidders, Heldemaier
& New.
WASHINGTON, March 4.—Congress
man Barlow of California received a let
ter to-day from Secretary of War Alger
saving that in a few days the contract for
the San Pedro Harbor work would be let
to the lowest bidders, Heldemaier & New
of Chicago.
Seeking Pftsturage for Sheep.
HANFORD, March 4.— Owing to scarc
ity of wild feed and the long protracted
drought here thousands of sheep are to
be snipped by rail to Sonoma, Napa.
Butte and other more northern counties.
In the irrigated sections of Kings County
cattlemen are renting alfalfa and buying
hay wherever they can. Baron yon
Schroeder has sent in 3500 head from San
Luis Obl9po.
WIDOWED IN OLD
AGE TO DIE OF A
BROKEN HEART
Four Days fJfter \\er Husband's
Death Mrs. Abbott Suc
cun)bs to Grief.
SALINAS, March 4.— Mrs. Abbott, relict of the late George Abbott,
died early this morning from grieving over the death of her husband.
Mrs. Abbott buried her husband only four days ago. She was so mu,ch
affected by his death that she never recovered from the shock.
Sickness is not attributed as the cause of Mrs. Abbott's death. She
was generally very healthy. Without doubt the grief over the loss of
her husband killed her.
Mrs. Abbott was 76 years of age and was a native of Canada. She
married Mr. Abbott in 1844, and was one of the early pioneers in the val
ley.
CARPENTER SUES
HIS ACCUSERS
Stockton Attorney Brings Legal
Action for Heavy
Damages.
Demands Reparation for Having
Been Arrested as a Common
Thief.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 4.— A. H. Carpen
ter, one of the attorneys accused of grand
larceny, brought suit for damages to-day
against District Attorney Nutter, who
prosecuted him; Justice of the Peace Par
ker, who held him to answer on two
charges of grand larceny; J. W. Wein
berg and Louis Supiro, who swore to the
complaint, and B. F. I.angford and W.
H. Devrtes, Mr. Nutters bondsmen. The
action is against the bondsmen for $1500,
the amount of their liability, and against
the rest for $45,700. Of this Mr. Carpen
ter thinks he Is entitled to $500 for coun
sel fees in the grand larceny case, $200
for loss of time, and the rest "on ac
count of mental suffering and injuries
sustained in his business and social re
lations, and his good name and reputa
tion, and his future and continued suf
fering and injuries by reason of the
wrongful acts of the defendants. 1
The complaint declares, tirst, that the
District Attorney, Justice Parker and
Messrs. Weinberg and Saplro "did, for
the purpose of injuring plaintiff in his
social and business relations and of ex
posing him to public hatred and contempt,
wrongfully, unlawfully and maliciously
conspire, combine, confederate and agree
together to falsely charge and accuse
plaintiff with the crime of grand larceny, a
felony;" that Mr. Nutter compelled him
to give bail in the sum of $2000; that
knowing there was no case or ground
or reason to believe a crime had been
committed he "wrongfully, corruptly and
maliciously and in violation of his oath
and duties as such District Attorney,
prosecuted him; that Mr. Nutter request
ed the Judge of the Superior Court to
Increase the bail, "for the purpose of
[ subjecting platntiff to the humiliation and
shame of pleading to said charges ajid
undergoing trials by jury for said false
1 and malicious charges." He sets forth
the fact that the proceedings were pub
lished in the newspapers.
Mr Carpenter is his own attorney In
the case. The complaint bears the part
nership signature of Carpenter & Flack,
but Flack says that he has nothing per
! sonally to do with the matter. The in
formation charging Carpenter with the
crime was set aside by Judge Budd iv
the Superior Court the first of the week.
CONTRACTING FIRMS
OFFERED BIG BONUSES.
Significant Haste in Completing the
Government Fortifications in
the Northwest.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. March
4.— lt is reported here to-day that both
firms of contractors now constructing
fortifications for the Government at
Marrowstone Point and Admiralty
Head have been offered bonuses to ex
pedite the work. An additional gun pit,
not previously provided in estimates for
this year's work on Admiralty Head, at
the entrance of the Straits opposite this
city will be commenced in a short time.
These pits are about fifty feet square,
sufficient to accommodate guns and
machinery for operating the same. In
addition to the pits proper, there are
underground rooms for storing ammu
nition The work of securing title to
land to be used for the Government for
ttfications at Point Wilson is being
pushed as rapidly as possible, and the
work of construction will be under way
there early in the coming summer.
HEAVY DAMAGE BY
FIRE AT SANTA CRUZ.
SANT\ CRUZ, March 4.— Fire was dis
covered'at 1:30 o'clock this morning in the
Rernheim building, owned by C. Hoff
rr\nn After "several hours' hard work
U was brought under control, but the
nl !f Dart Jf the building was bad'.y
damage P d by the flames, while the stores
on the ground floors wore flooded with
w^ter The fire is supposed to have been
? au «od by a lighted cigar or cigarette
Conned among the paraphernalia of Na
tive? Sons' Hall, where a meeting of For
»\«r« was held followed by a "smoker."
The k>s* la estimated at $15,000. fully
«r,«nrpd 'individual losses are as follows:
A C Snvder. dry goods. $2500; S. J.
Btnnss dry goods, $3000; A. Bagge. con-
Kione'rv $500: Dr. F. W. Bliss, dentist,
§000° Native! Sons. $1000; C. Hoffmann,
$sThe5 The Native Sons 1 Hall and club-rooms
are wrecked. __
SHERIFF BROCKLISS
MUST STAND TRIAL.
CENOA Nev., March 4.— The motion to
dismiss the case against John Brockliss,
ehoriff of Douglas County, who was in
dicted by the Grand Jury for willful mis
conduct in office in permitting lynchers
to hang Adam Übsr on December 8. was
overruled by Judge Mack this morning.
The motion was made on the ground that
the facts alleged did not constitute will
ful misconduct, but a felony. Judge Mack
decided that they constituted either.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— The Senate
in riiv confirmed these nominations: Sol
Rprliner of New York. Consul at Tene
riffo Canary Islands; W. W. Cobbs, Con
sul at Colon, Colombia; J. R. Spurgeor.
of Kentucky. Secretary of Legation at
Monrovia. Liberia; J. C. Adams postmas
ter at Phoenix. Arizona; Captain H. R
Robeson to be commander; Captain W.
S Schlev to be a commodore In the navy.
Also other promotions in the army and
navy of minor Importance.
William F. Coffman Dead.
FRESNO, March 4.— William F. Coff
man died at Madera at 7 o'clock this
evening He was a pioneer of the State,
crossing the plains in '49 He was Assess
or of Mariposa County for a number of
years and afterward represented that
county in the Legislature. In conjunction
with Henry Washbum and E. W. Chap
man he built the first wagon road into
the Yosemlte Valley.
WILL NOT RUN
ICE LOCOMOTIVES
Chicago Corporation Gives Up
Its Scheme for Reaching
Dawson,
Abandonment of the Government
Expedition Affects the
Project
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, March 4.— The Snow and
Ice Transportation Company, which pur
posed to push into Dawson City with its
ice locomotives, in spite of the abandon
ment of the Government expedition, to
day gave up the struggle. It has stored
its machinery in Portland, settled with
holders of its tickets and retired as grace
fully as possiole.
It was generally understood when the
Government expedition was declared off I
that the Snow and Ice people, who had
organized on the strength of a Govern
ment contract for transporting relief ;
supplies, would drop their project. But
Manager Rosenfeld thought differently !
until, on consultation with his Eastern !
associates, he decided that discretion was
the better part of valor.
Every difficulty that could be imagined I
has confronted Rosenfeld at every step, I
but he, nevertheless, persisted. He as- !
sembled his plant of locomotives and I
sleds at Portland, chartered the steam- '
ship National City to carry his passengers j
and sold tickets by dozens throughout the
East at $300 apiece. One thing after an- I
other hampered and delayed him, how
ever, until now the Government has
backed, down, and he could hardly hope!
to go forward on his own resources, which
are said to be limited. It is whispered
that a part of Rosenfeld's present scheme
is a suit against the Government for
breach of contract.
INDUCEMENTS TO
MEN OF CAPITAL
Hanford Growers Want a
Raisin-Seeding Plant
Erected.
Could Handle the Immense Crop
Expected in Kings County
This Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HANFORD, March 4.— The success of
the raisin-seeding machinery and plant
at Fresno last year leaves no room for
doubt that the main portion of the crop
this year must be seeded to find a
market. Five plants in Fresno are as
sured, and they are expected to handle
the product of Kings County for 1898.
The Hanford Farmers' Club and the
Chamber of Commerce have for some
time been endeavoring to secure a seedl
ing plant here, and have abundant capi
tal. The successful machine owned by
the Fresno syndicate will not be manu
factured or sold to outside persons. Han
ford men are in correspondence with a
New York company having a seeder
claimed to be practical. Kings County
raisin men are not satisfied to send their
raisins to Fresno if capital and inventions
can circumvent the Fresno raisin-seeding
syndicate. The expected raisin product
in this county for 1398 is 15.000,000 pounds,
a large portion of which will have to be
seeded, even if snipped to Fresno.
MUST NOT EXPECT
ANY OUTSIDE AID
Salvador and Honduras Not
Encouraged in Their
Impending War.
Greater Republic of Central America
Believes That Diplomacy Has
Not Been Exhausted.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, March 4.— Confirming yester
day's dispatch as to the attitude of the
governments of Salvador and Honduras
regarding the impending war between
Nicaragua and Costa Rica, I have re
ceived the following from the correspond
ent at San Salvador, which gives Nicar
agua clearly to understand not to depend
upon her for aid. The answer of Salvador
to the Diet reads:
"After giving due consideration to your
message of February 7 regarding the
question pending as being of very serious
moment, this Government deems fit to
Inform you that they are of the belief
that all peaceable means have not yet
been exhausted to avert war between
Nicaragua and Costa Kica, and that it is
indispensable that the Diet employ all
diplomatic means to avert a war which
would cast a stain on the good name
which Central America yet enjoys among
other civilized nations. For this reason,
as also to preserve the peace in these
countries at all hazard, in the name of
the Salvadorean people and sacred In
terests of the Central American isthmus,
the Government of Salvador asks the
honorable Diet to renew its conciliatory
negotiations with the end of preventing
a war in. which it could not take part
on account of its firm resolve never to
take up arms against a sister republic.
"PRI'DENC ALFARO,
"Vice-Prpsident of the State of Salvador,
Greater Republic."
Conlidential agents of Honduras and
Nicaragua to Salvador have returned.
Their mission wa.« ineffectual. Senor
Laintlesta, special envoy of Guatemala,
has left for Managua, going to Costa
Rica later.
Loss of a Wrecking Tug.
NEW ORLEANS. March 5.— A special
from Norfolk, Va., reports the loss of
the powerful wrecking tug Underwood
of Boston, in a storm oft Hatteras.
CANDIDATES
WHO ASSIST
THE "GANG."
Citizens of San Jose
With, a Craving for
Office.
Sixteen Petitions Filed on
Behalf of Independent
Aspirants.
Men Who Are Willing Work
the Defeat of the New
Charter Club.
FAILURE THEIR PORTION.
Ticket Named by the City's Reform
Element Is Considered Invul
nerable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 4.— Each succeed
ing day sees greater difficulties in the
way of the "gang" in the matter of
finding candidates to make the race
against the invulnerable ticket placed
in the field by the New Charter Club.
So pressed are the "gang" manipulators
now for suitable material that their or
gan this morning printed an editorial
appeal to "business men" to consent to
serving the public in the present cam
paign. As the result of this move it is
probable there will be a "gang business
men's" ticket in the field— that is, if
enough reputable and honest men can
be deluded by the "gang" into being
drawn into a content wherein their
chances of success will be exceedingly
slim. Several men who are beyond re
proach in the abstract have already
been led into the political fold, which
promises to be converted to a shambles
on the 11th of April. While there is
nothing against these men personally,
their affiliations with the "gang" or
prominent "whips" of the "push" are
such that their independence cannot be
counted upon after they are elected.
The "gang" will make its campaign
against the New Charter Club by get
ting behind certain men which it will
select from the large number of inde
pendent candidates who are being
tempted into the fight by the facility
with which they can become candidates
and have their names printed on the
ballots. Whatever men may be elect
ed, by some unexpected chance, outside
of the regular nominees of the New
Charter Club, will be claimed body and
soul after the election by the "gang."
But the best people of this city are
fully aware that the issue in the forth
coming election is a clear and simple
one — on one side the ticket of the New
Charter Club, pledged to good and eco
nomical government; on the other all
candidates who must necessarily be op
posed to the New Charte* Club ticket
either in the interest of the "gang" or
their own self-advancement at the ex
pense of the general public welfare.
Up to date sixteen petitions have been
filed with the city clerk. Only one —
that of Adam Riehl— is for a New Char
ter Club candidate. There are twenty
two officers to be elected in all, and the
number of candidates promises to be
fully three times that number. The pe
titions now on file are the following:
For Mayor — Charles J. Martin, A. B.
City Clerk-^J. W. Cook, William J.
Appointing Board — Henry Booksln Sr.,
H J Ftkes, A. G. Bennett, M. Campbell,
A Friant, A. G. Col. Frank Stock.
Councilman-at-Large— J. D. Miner.
Councilman, First Ward— J. W. Macau-
Councilman, Second Ward — Adam Riehl.
Councilman, Third Ward— Henry M. N.
Councilman, Fourth Ward— William J.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
% YOUNG AT SIXTY.
Serene comfort and happiness in ad-
ranced years are realized by compara-
tively few women.
Their hard lives, their liability to se-
rious troubles on account of their pecu-
liar organism and their profound igno-
rance concerning themselves, all com-
bine to shorten the period of usefulness
and fill their later years with suffering.
Mrs. Pinkham has done much to make
women strong. She has given advice
to many that has shown them how to
guard against disease and retain vigor-
ous health in old age. From every cor-
ner of the earth there is constantly com-
ing the most convinciug statements
from women, showing the efficacy of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound in overcoming female ills. Here
is a letter from Mrs. J. C. Orms, of 220
Homer St., Johnstown, Pa., which is
earnest and straight to the point :
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I feel it my
duty to tell all suffering women that I
think your remedies are wonderful. I
had trouble with my head, dizzy spells
and hot flashes. Feet and hands were
cold, was very nervous, could not sleep
well, had kidney trouble, pain in
ovaries and congestion of the womb.
Since taking your remedies I am better
every way My head trouble is all
gone, have no pain in ovaries, and am
cured of womb trouble. I can eat and
sleep well and am gaining in flesh. I
consider your medicine the best to be
had for female troubles."
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
lelled, for years she worked side by
side with Mrs. L^dia E. Pinkham, and
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year.
TRUNKEiESST
Morphine and Opium Habits. Painles*
treatment. Sixth year; 1000 cured ; low.
est prices; write to-day tor full particu-
lars. Cut this out.
Gold Cure, Sacramento, Gal. 26 Page St., S. F.
34
WIFE-BEATER'S
NARROW ESCAPE
Rancher Groves Threat
ened by a Mob at
Stockton.
Hurried to Jail While Cries of
"Lynch Him!" Fill
the Air.
The Culprit Sentenced to a Hundred
and Fifty Days' Impris
onment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, March 4.— The conclu
sion of the Groves horsewhipping case
was most sensational, and had there
been more spectators present it might
have developed Into mob violence.
Groves, the man who cut his wife's
cheek open with a blacksnake near
French Camp a few days ago, had
pleaded guilty yesterday, and came up
for sentence this afternoon. The
courtroom was crowded at the appoint
ed time. Attorney Clary arose to plead
mitigating circumstances. He went
back into ancient history, and told how-
Socrates had to chastise his wife to
make her behave, and how women oft
en needed admonishing, as the common
law used to allow a man the privilege
of whipping his better half. He said
that Groves' wife had irritated her hus
band, and offered other inducements
for a light sentence.
In his decision Justice Rendon said:
"The cut of the blacksnake on the
•woman's cheek shows It to have burnt
the flesh for several Inches. It is hard
to conceive of a battery more aggra
vated than this one. The court tte
lieves that if a fine were imposed the
defendant would pay It, and, therefore,
not suffer punishment. A fine would
not pay in penalty for the suffering in
flicted on this poor woman. A man
who happens to possess means should
not escape punishment thereby. This
offense has shocked the community. It
Is an Insult to civilization. It is bar
baric In the extreme."
Groves was then sentenced to impris
onment for 150 days, with no alterna
tive. There was a general murmur ot
approval in the courtroom. Justice
Rendon pushed a little button behind
his bench, and Bailiff Klench entered
and took charge of the prisoner. By
this time considerable feeling had de
veloped. The crowd followed Groves to
the north exit of the courthouse and
filled the corridors. Some one cried:
"Lynch him!" Then there was a shout,
and another man cried: "Yes, hang
him!"
Bailiff Klench took his man out of tne
way as soon as possible, but the crowc
blocked the doorway and made threats.
A friend of Groves, who dared to say
that the rancher had acted the man all
the way through, was met with ehouta
of derision.
There are those who still express
sympathy for Groves. It is said that
on the day he whipped his wife she had
deliberately turned the cows in on his
wheat field, hoping, it is said, that when
the wheat was destroyed he would con
sent to move to the city.
WOODLAND BUSINESS
BLOCK DESTROYED.
Fifteen Thousand Dollar Blaze in the
Yolo County Me
tropolis.
WOODLAND, March 4.— Fire at Dunni
gan at an early hour this morning de
stroyed P. T. Laugenour's store building
and S. Rummelsburg's stock of mer
chandise. Mose Rummelsburg. a brother
of The proprietor and a clerk in the estab
lishment, has been accustomed to sleep
in a small room in the store. About 2
o'clock this morning he awoke and dis
covered that his room was full of smoke.
He ran out and sounded an alarm. The
response of all the residents of the town
was prompt, but in a few minutes the
whole building was enveloped in names
and all efforts to save the contents were
practically unavailing.
The heat was so intense that other
buildings in the vicinity wore in peril fur
gome time. The wind was in the north,
but it was very light, otherwise the de
struction would have been greater. W. S.
Allen's drug store on the east side, the
brick hall owned by D. Levy on the west
and the hotel building were threatened
and were saved only by the hardest kind
of work.
The Laugenour store was a long, single
frame building, 1R0X42 feet, with one story
above the basement. In the center of the
store was a large dead-air vault, which
contained the books and papers, all of
which were saved. The fire evidently
started in the basement, but Mr. Rum
melsburg has not yet been able to account
for its origin. The building itself was dry
and inflammable and much of its con
tents was of a combustible character
which accounts for the rapidity with
which the flames spread. The building
was worth between $4000 and $5000 and was
probably partially insured. Mr. Rum
melsburg's lo.ss amounts to about $12 000
He holds insurance upon it for $9000.
EXPLORING EXPEDITIONS.
Government to Send Three Military
Parties to Alaska.
NEW YORK, March 4.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: As the
result of the conference to-day between
Secretary Alger, Assistant Secretary
Meiklejohn and Major-General Miles,
it was decided to give into the hands of
Brigadier-General Merriam, com
manding the Department of the Colum
bia, the direction of three small ex
ploring expeditions into Alaska. The
personnel of exploring parties may be
taken from officers and troops already
in Alaska, or from thosn now stationed
in the Department of the Columbia.
One of the expeditions will explore
the country in the vicinity of Forty
mile Creek and Tanana Valley; an
other will go into the interior via Cop
per River, and the third will explore
the valley of the Shuskitna River. The
object of the expeditions will be to con
ciliate and pacify Alaskan Indians, to
locate the best means of communica
tion with the interior and mail and
telegraph routes, and to report on ad
vantageous sites for military stations
and camps.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
No tub, no sponge,
no luffa, no rag, al-
most no water —
Pears' soap a cent's
worth — luxury.
FIGHT DESPITE
THE GOVERNOR
Kid McCoy Meets and
Defeats Burley of
California.
Contest Pulled Off Quietly, to
the Discomfiture of
Officials.
Arkansas' Executive Outwitted by
Sporting Managers at Hot
Springs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March 4.—
"Kid" McCoy, champion middle- weight
pugilist of the world, met and defeat
ed Nick Burley of California in the
arena at Whlttlngton Park to-day.
The Californian was knocked out in
the second round. The fight was the
most exciting and interesting ever wit
nessed in this city. The fact that it
was pulled off in direct disregard of
the Governor's instructions increased
the general interest in the contest. The
large attendance (2000) surprised
everybody, in view of the fact that it
was declared off to-day, and, conse
quently, the public had only a few
hours' notice this morning, by means
of handbills and streamers on the
street cars.
Though the promoters were busily
engaged In arranging the affair yes
terday afternoon, their work was done
so quietly that no one knew the fight
would take place until a late hour last
night, and then only a very few were
advised, McCoy having advertised
yesterday to give an exhibition to
night at the opera-house. This ruse
worked like a charm, so far as the
local authorities were concerned, and
no one was on hand to interfere.
Prosecuting Attorney Cloud, who had
been ordered here by the Governor
from Benton to stop the contest, re
turned yesterday, after having satis
fied himself that it would not take
place. The Sheriff failed to put in an
appearance until the fight was over.
He was busy at the telegraph office
arranging matters with the Governor
during the progress of the fight. The
Governor wired to him that he had
been informed it would take place to
day In disregard of his instructions,
and if in his (the Sheriff's) judgment
it was a prize-fight he should stop it
at all hazards and arrest all interested
persons.
As yet no arrests have been made,
and none are likely to be made. Gov
ernor Jones wired to the officials of the
Hot Springs Railroad to hold the
train at Malvern. so that he could
reach the city on a special train, but
his instructions were either ignored or
miscarried, and he did not get here.
A description of the fight by rounds
follows:
First round— Both men sparred for an
opening. McCoy led with left and land
ed lightly on Burley's jaw. Burley led
with left for McCoy's jaw. swung heavily
and fell short. They clinched. Burley
led heavily with right and missed. Mc-
Coy landed left on jaw. Burley came
back twice, with left, but .was stopped
McCoy led with left, which Burley stopped
cleverly. Burley landed left on head.
McCoy began forcing the fighting. Bur
ley led right and left without damage.
McCoy landed left and they clinched.
McCoy landed three lefts on Burley's jaw
in the breakaway. Burley landed light
ly with left and McCoy put a right on
neck. Burley landed a right hand blow
on McCoy's body and McCoy oame back
with a heavy blow on the mouth, which
started a stream of blood. Burl.-* swung
with right, McCoy backing away.
Second round— McCoy jumped up fresh,
but Burley was bleeding freely from the
mouth and nose. McCoy led left, but
missed, and Burley landed right on head.
Burley landed left swing on McCoy's jaw.
McCoy led with right for stomach ami
fell short. McCoy landed on Burley's
Jaw Burley countered with right and
missed. They exchanged right and left
blows in the center of the ring. Mc-
Coy landed left on body. Burley then
landed on McCoy's jaw and McCoy coun
tered. McCoy landed left on Burley s
wind. Burley swung right lightly. Mc-
Coy rushed with a heavy right swing,
but missed. Burley was bleeding pro
fusely. McCoy led for Burley's Jaw and
tmde'd lightly. Burley landed right on
eck McCoy began to force the light-
Ing and in a rush landed a heavy right
hand swing on the jaw. Burley fell like
a log his head striking the floor, and he
was counted out by the referee.
Kid McCoy ltft the city on the late
train this evening for parts unknown
to avoid unpleasant complications and
possible trouble with the State author
ities on account of his having taken
part in a prize fight he%e to-day. Bur
ley is preparing to leave on the first
train.
STANFOED CHESS CHAMPIONS.
Players for the Intercollegiate Tour
nament Selected.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 4.—
The last of the preliminary chess tourna
ments was held last night, with the re
sult that Bixby will be substituted for
Wright, '01. In the intercollegiate tourna
ment which will take place in the parlors
of the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The final make-up of the Stanford team
is: Serpas, '99; Arnold, '99; Veuve, '99;
Knecht, '99; Van Kathoven, '99, and Blx
by, '01. All the players except Serpas
are new men in Stanford chess circles
and so far have not given proof of be
ing strong players. Their practice, how
ever, has been quite conscientious. Dur
ing the last few days the team has been
devoting itself to a study of gambits from
the best authorities on chess.
The athletic committee of the student
body met to-day and ratified the agree
ment drawn up last week by the rep
resentatives from Stanford and Berkeley
with the exception of the clause which
provides for having the bicycle race on
the Wednesday preceding the field day.
It elected Paul walker, acting track cap
tain a member of the committee.
Talent in Poor Form.
NEW ORLEANS, March 4.— The weath
er was fine, but the track was lumpy.
Mount Washington was the only winning
favorite.
Six furlongs, selling— Belie of Fordham
won. Scrivener second. Duchess of York
third. Time, 1:19.
Four furlongs, 2-year-olds — Nellie Prince
won. Pansy II second, Lafayette third.
Time, 0:52.
One mile, selling— Mount Washington
won. Van Brunt second, Rockwood third.
Time, 1:48.
One mile, handicap — Elkin won, David
second, Tabouret third. Time. 1:45^.
Seven furlongs, selling— Nabob won,
Domsie second, The Doctor third. Time,
1:33.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Little
Billie won. Mitt Boykin second. Little
Music third. Time. 1:24.
JAPAN'S FIRM NOTE
ADDRESSED TO RUSSIA.
Demands an Immediate Statement on
the Continued Occupation of
Pert Arthur.
LONDON, March 5.— A dispatch to
the Dally Mail from Tientsin, China,
says: Japan has addressed a note to
Russia, demanding an immediate and
explicit statement on the question of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURI AY, MABCH 5, 1898.
the continued occupation of Port Ar
thur. _
CANAL COMMISSION
CONCLUDES ITS WORK.
It Will Report That the Great Nica
raguan Project Is Certainly
Feasible.
NEW YORK, March 4.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The Nicar
aguan Canal Commission has concluded
Its work In connection with the examina
tion of the line of the proposed canal, and
is now on board the Newport at A spin
wall. A dispatch from the commanding
officer of that vessel, Commander Tilly,
received by Secretary Long to-night, stat
ed that the vessel, with the commission
on board, would sail for the I'nited States
on the 10th of the present month. While
nothing official was known as to the con
clusions of the commission until its ar
rival in this country, private information
received in this city leaves no room to
doubt that it will show the enitre feasi
bility of the project, as foreshadowed in
the Herald.
SAYS CHAIRMAN JONES
SHALLJJOT DICTATE.
Congressman Bailey Denounces At
tempts to Interfere in
Utah Politics.
OGDEX, March 4.— A special to the
Standard from Washington to-day is as
follows: Congresman Bailey to-day said
it was an outrage for the national com
mittee to interfere in the election of a
Senator from Utah. He said they would
not permit the national committee to in
terfere in Texas, and emphatically object
ed to Texas or any other State interfering
in I'tah elections. One of the great prin
ciples of Democracy was home rule, and
that included Congressmen and Senators
as well as constables. If t'tah submitted
to the dictation of Chairman Jones, said
he, and the national committee, then
there was no home rule, no Democracy.
This declaration is considered a hard
blow to the aspirations of Senator Can
non, as it was supposed here that the
leading silver Democrats would join in an
effort to re-elect him.
ITALY'S JUBILEE
ANNIVERSARY
The People of the Nation Pay
Homage to King
Humbert.
In Rome the Ceremonies Were of a
Most Gorgeous and Interest
ing Nature.
Special Dispatch tn The Call.
ROME, March 4.— The jubilee anni
versary of the Italian constitution was
celebrated to-day with general rejoic
ing. The city was filled with visitors,
who thronged the handsomely deco
rated streets.
At 8 o'clock in the morning the great
bell at the capitol signaled the opening
of the fetes, and an hour later King
Humbert, on horseback, accompanied
by the Count of Turin, the foreign mili
tary attaches and the Minister of War,
and attended by a brilliant suite, rode
to the San Marco Esplanada, where he
reviewed the troops of the garrison.
The Queen alsu witnessed the march
of the troops, and their Majesties met
with an enthusiastic reception from tne
crowds present.
King Humhert made a speech, con
cluding: "As at the dawn of our resur
rection, all classes of citizens were
welded together to secure the country's
freedom, so to-day they are united and
mutally aiding one another. The in
dissoluble union of my house with the
destinies of the people, based on con
cord of ideas and strengthened by its
past misfortunes and glories, will be
the most secure bulwark of the Italian
fatherland."
Thes^ concluding allusions to the :
dynasty were greeted with shouts of
"Long live the King." The scene was !
most Imposing. The great hall of the
c&pitol was splendidly decorated and all
the Ministers, lt-ading authorities, dip- !
lomats and military officers were pres
ent.
The speech Avas delivered from the
throne and was in reply to the address
of the Senators and Deputies. A re
ception followed -the King's speech. His
Majesty met with the most enthusias
tic greetings from the people while on
his way from the Quirinal to the Capi
tol, through the troop-lined streets.
The King, on returning to the Quirin
al, received another vociferous ovation
from the immense crowds of people in
the streets, in the balconies and on the
housetops. Patriotic societies, bearing
banners and headed by bands of music,
assembled on the plaza to greet him.
After his Majesty entered the Quirinal
with the Count of Turin they were
obliged to appear twice on the bal
cony in response to the cheering of the
people.
Similar demonstrations took place
throughout Italy.
GENERAL ROSECRANS
SHOWS IMPROVEMENT.
The Veteran's Physician Believes
That the Present Attack Will
Be Overcome.
LOS ANGELES, March 4.— General W.
S. Rosecrans has been quite ill with la
grippe at his home ten miles south of this
city for the past two weeks. To-night
the report was circulated that he was
approaching his end, and it caused much
sorrow and regret here.
The Call correspondent has seen Carl
Rosecrans, the general's son, who has
just driven in with the physician from
the bedside of his father. He reports the
general much Improved to-night, and the
physician says he has* great hopes that
General Rosecrans will recover from this
attack.
COLONELS PICQUART
AND HENRY TO FIGHT.
Their Seconds Have Arranged a Duel
With Swords for
To-day.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March 4.— The seconds of
Colonels Henry and Picquart have de
cided that their principals will fight a
duel to-morrow with swords.
River and Harbor Work.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— Senator Mc-
Bride to-day gave notice of an amend
ment he will offer to the sundry civil bill
providing for river and harbor Improve
ments in Oregon, as follows: Coquille
River. $115,000; entrance to Coos Bay and
harbor, $600,000; Columbia River and
lower Willamette, below Portland, $300.
000; canal at the Cascades, $334.2(50; boat
railway at The Dalles Rapids, $250,000.
Marines for This Coast.
ATLANTA, Ga., March 4.— The Navy
Department is transferring marines
from the Atlantic to the Pacific Coast.
For four successive days a party of two
or three marines have passed through
Atlanta each day on their way to the
Pacific Coast. The "sea soldiers" come
from Norfolk and are all going to Va
llejo, Cal., on the Pacific Coast. It is
supposed that they are being trans
ferred to one of the United States war
vessels in that vicinity.
DOYLE TALKS
UNWILLINGLY
Flannelly's Former Part-
ner on the Witness
Stand.
He It Was Over Whom Father
and Son Had Quarreled
Bitterly.
Says the Parricide Was Not Excited
When He Went to Slay the
Old Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 4.— ln the Flan
nelly murder trial to-day but two wit
nesses were examined. The first was
Daniel H. Doyle, who vas in partner
ship with Flannelly in the dairy busi
ness and who was the prims cause of
the tragedy. Doyle did not prove a
willing witness for the prosecution, his
testimony simply showing that Flan
nelly took his pistol with him when he
left the milk ranch for the purpose of
calling on his father, and that he was
angry when the constable served the
papers of ejectment.
Doyle said he was 23 years of age
and a bookbinder by occupation. He
went into the dairy business with Flan
nelly some time in September, and he
continued as a partner for about three
weeks. He lived with the defendant at
the dairy ranch, which consisted of
eight or nine acres. On October 13
Flannelly had been served with a paper
by Constable Barton. It notified Tom
that more rent would have to be paid
or the ranch vacated.
On the evening of the crime, October
28, he was at the ranch when Constable
Barton served papers on Fiannelly. The
(.•unstable came about 8 o'clock, when
they were at supper. "When the officer
knocked Flannelly went to the door.
The witness could not haar what oc
curred out of doors, but Flannelly
finally called the witness out and he
was served with the papers. According
to Doyle Flannelly did not seem ex
cited, but invited the constable in to
take a cup of tea. The officer declined
the invitation and returned to town.
"After supper," said the witness, "we
talked the matter over. Flannelly
said he would see what his father had
to say about the papers that had been
served. He saddled his horse and
started to see his father. Before doing
so he said he had his pistol with him.
Flannelly did not appear angry when
he left. He generally carried his pis
tol at night."
The witness said Flannelly told him
that his father did not want him
(Doyle) on the place, and he then pro
posed to get out to avoid trouble be
tween Tom and his family. Flannelly
agreed to Doyle leaving, and looked
around for a man to take his place.
Doyle said Flannelly did not wish to do
anything against his father's wishes.
Doyle said Flannelly was sober and
industrious and always attended to
business while th£y were together on
the ranch. On the evening of October
26 he was sober, and cooked the sup
per as usual. According to the witness.
Flannelly was angry at the Constable
and not at his father, and his business
in going to his; father w-as to explain
that there hal been no necessity for
serving the papers, as he had already
informed his father that the partner
ship no longer existed. Flannelly
senior thought Doyle's presence on the
place decreased the value of the prop
erty.
Dr. James Crowe, Coroner of San Ma
teo County, was the next witness. He
arrived at the house shortly after the
murder. Ho made an examination of
the room, ami under the top mattress
found a revolver. All the chambers of
the revolvt-r wore loaded, and the
weapon had not been fired. There was
no blood on the pistol. Several persons
were In the room when he found it.
ARMY ASSIGNMENTS'"
BY SECRETARY ALGER.
Many Changes in Artillery Regi
ments Owing to Some Re
cent Promotions.
WASHINGTON, March' 4.— The Sec
j retary of War has made the following
' army assignments: Captain William E.
Birkhimer (promoted from first lieu
tenant. Third Cavalry), to the Third
| Artillery, Battery L, to date from Feb-
I ruary 10, trice Hess, promoted; First
| Lieutenant Henry D. Todd Jr. (promot
j cd from second lieutenant, Third Ar-
t illery), to the First Artillery, Battery
D. vice Pope, retired; First Lieutenant
Thomas W. Winston (promoted from
second lieutenant, Fifth Artillery), to
the First Artillery, Battery L, vice Mur
ray, promoted; First Lieutenant Mau
rice G. Krayonbuhl (promoted from
second lieutenant. Second Artillery), to
I the Third Artillery, Light Battery C,
i vice Birkhimer, promoted; additional.
Second Lieutenant Robert S. Abernethy,
Third Artillery, is assigned to a vacan
| cy of second lieutenant. Third Artll
; lery. Battery G, vice Todd, promoted;
additional, Second Lieutenant Edwin
O. Sarratt, Third Artillery, to a vacan
j cy of second lieutenant. Third Artillery,
Battery E, vice Hamilton, retired. He
will proceed to Fort Canby, Wash., and
report in person to the commanding of
ficer for duty with Battory M. Third
Artillery; Major E. VanArsdale An
! druss (promoted from captain, First
Artillery), to the Fourth Artillery, vice
Smith, retired; Major Frank W. Hess
(promoted from captain. Third Artil
lery), to the Third Artillery, vice Ches
ter, retired; Captain Arthur Murray
(promoted from first lieutenant. Firs»
Artillery), to the First Artillery, Bat
tery A, vice Andrusfi promoted.
By direction of thrt Assistant Secre
tary of War, Charles W. Albert, Bat
tery L, Third Artillery. n° w at Angel
Island, Cal.. is tram f *rr^d to the hos
pital corps. Sergeant Harry F. Jor
dan, signal corps, now at Fort Lojeran,
Col., is transferred to Vancouver Bar
racks, Wash.
CONSTRUCTION OF THE
BIG GEORGE WASHINGTON.
Navy Department Officials Say It
Would Require an Enormous
Cost to Build the Vessel.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— Senator
Hale has received from Secretary Long
a reply to the letter recently sent by
him as chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs requesting the Secre
tary's opinion upon the resolution in
troduced on Washington's birthday by
Senator Morgan instructing the com
mittee to ascertain the feasibility of
constructing and equipping a
year's time a warship to be called the
George Washington, and to be "equal
at least to any in the world."
The Secretary incloses a report made
by Chief O'Neil of the Bureau of Ord
nance and a joint report Dy Chief Hich
born of the Bureau of Construction and
Chief Melville of the Bureau of Engi
neering. O'Neil places the cost of the
armor of such a vessel, built under
such a pressure, at $2,000,000, and of the
ordnance at $1,000,000, while he says
that if the construction were extended
over a period of two years' time the
cost of ordnance could be reduced to
$900,000 and of armor to $1,600,000.
He says that his bureau could do the
work of armoring and equipping such
a vessel within a year's time, but to do
so it would have to have adequate
funds placed at, its disposal. He adds
that the accomplishment would neces
sitate constant work, day and night.
He thinks two years the briefest period
in which the work could be economi
cally done. Chiefs Hichborn and Mel
ville unite in the following expression
of opinion:
"We do not believe it feasible to con
struct such a ship as contemplated, to
be completed ready for service within
a year by use of the facilities named.
It might be possible by the most stren
uous exertions to accomplish this feat
in eighteen months at an enormous
cost, probably between eight and nine
million dollars total cost."
Secretary Long says that in view of
these reports the department concludes
that it is not practicable to construct
the ship contemplated in the time speci
fied.
TWO APPROPRIATION BILLS
Finally Passed by the House and
Sent to the President.
WASHINGTON, March 4.— Two more
appropriation bills were sent to the Presi
dent to-day, the pension bill and the con
sular and diplomatic, both of which went
through their final stage in the House to
day. This was private bill day. The most
important action taken was acquiescence
in an agreement to make the bill appro
priating about $1,200,000 for war claims ap
proved by the Court of Claims under the
provision of the Bowman act. a special
order for next Friday. The claims car
ried by the bill. 730 in number, are for
stores and supplies seized during the war
in the Southern States.
Only two hills wore passed to-day. The
House adjourned over until Monday.
STUBBS IS STILL
MAINTAINING RATES
He Smokes Nonchalantly
While Merchants Fset and
Agents Fume.
A Rumor That the Wnr Will
Spread to Freight Startles
the Street.
CHICAGO, March 4.— The Western roads
were in session to-day considering the
troubles with the Canadian Pacific. The
question before the meeting to-day was
the manner of meeting a reduction of $10
in the price of tickets to the Pacific
Coast which It was reported that the Ca
nadian Pacific would make in the near
future. ; " - : -, i; i.v!
The meeting to-day lasted far into the
night, but nothing had been done up to a
late hour.
The old trouble of scarcity of cars Is
worrying the traffic officials of the roads
running east of Chicago and o som ex
ten the Western roads as well. The trou
ble seems to be that the traffic is so
heavy in both directions that the roads
are having very few empty cars, and
when a car arrives at Its destination it Is
generally held for a return load instead
of being returned promptly. Both the
Eastern and Western roads are at the
pies. tit time badly crippled for lack of
cars. 11 _! 1
Notwithstanding the complaints of mer
chants, who blame the attitude of the
Southern Pacific for driving trade away
from San Francisco to Puget Sound cities,
and the fuming and fretting of railroad
men who hardly know where they stand
or what will happen next and who long
to see the nig transcontinental line take a
hand in the fight in hopes that it will
force the Canadian Pacific to come to
terms, Vice-President Stubbs continues to
sit with one leg over the other and puff
his perfeeto with the same nochalance
that has always characterized him, while
he keeps the rates on his road right up
to the regular old $66 50 mark.
He is determined to keep the war out
of San Francisco, so he says, and, from
the look of things, it seems as though he
will succeed.
"I know of nothing new In the situa
tion." said Mr. Stubbs, when seen in his
office yesterday, "except that I hear the
Colorado roads are protesting against
the proposed reduction of the Rio Grande
Western on their through travel via Og
den and Huntington, claiming that it
will have a tendency to demoralize their
business. The reduction, I expect, will
be made, however. ;is booh as the com
pany decides whether it will make it in
the nature of a flat rate or rebates on the
regular rate. Further than this I have
heard nothing new and everything seems
to be about the same."
The latest rumor along the street i 3 to
the effect that the war may spread from
traffic to freight rates. Should this occur,
it will tend to absolutely demoralize the
whole railroad business, and the effect
will be much more injurious and longer
felt by the different roads, though it will
bo a godsend to the shippers. The rumor,
however, is as yet only of the vaguest
sort, and will, in all probability, result in
nothing more than idle speculation, as one
road Is as much interested as another in
preventing its materialization.
As things now stand in the city, the
Canadian Pacific is the only road openly
advertising through rates from here,
though the other lines are selling as many
tickets as possible to their northern ter
minals and giving full explanations of the
cut rates in operation, accompanied by
letters of introduction to their connec
tions in Seattle and Portland. Which
manner of conducting business practically
amounts to the same thing as selling
through tickets at cut rates right here.
WRATH OF AN EDITOB.
Disclaims Responsibility for the
Story of an Epidemic.
VICTORIA, March 4.— The steamship
City of Seattle, which arrived here
from the north to-night, brings the fol
lowing extraordinary letter from the
editor of the Searchlight, dated from
Skaguay:
Based upon some information the source
of which is unknown to me the Alaskan
Searchlight, in Its last issue, published
;in article about a terrible plague exist
ing- here, which is untrue in every par
ticular. There Is no plapue at Skaguay,
nor has there been. During the last six
months, according to the most reliable
information obtainable, there have not
been more than twenty deaths in town,
and these have not been of an unusual
character. The people of Skaguay are
well and prosperous. The White Pass
is a success beyond all question. Thou
sands are going over it to the gold fields
of Klondike.
I regret that during my absence from
Juneau the editor pro torn, should have
been so imposed upon as to publish such
an article and feel it must have been
something more than a mistake; that it
must have emanated from some source
inimical to the interests of Skaguay; that
some person has taken nn unfair advan
tage of my absence in getting my paper
to publish an article, maliciously false,
for the purpose of injuring Skaguay and
booming some other town. To prevent
such an occurrence ever happening again
not another issue of the Searchlight will
be published in Juneau. The paper will be
removed here at once where it will be un
der my personal management. Respect
fully, E. O. SYLVESTER.
Relief for the Victims.
WASHINGTON. March 4.— The House
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day
agreed on the Boutelle bill for the re
lief of the victims and survivors of the
Maine disaster and authorized the
chairman to report it to the House with
a recommendation for its passage.
The facsimile j^^j^T^T is on every wrapper
■ ; Kgnatnje of \**&^4u£j&£ of CASTOBIA.
MARTIN'S TRIAL
NEAR ITS END
Closing Arguments Will
Begin To - Day at
Wilkesbarre.
Defense Hopes by Means of
Technicalities to Escape
Conviction.
Helies Upon a Failure to Prove
Each Individual Defendant a
Miarderer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., March 4.— The
defense in the case of Sheriff Martin
and his deputies closed finally at 11
o'clock to-day, after recalling some of
the commonwealth's witnesses to as
certain whether, at the preliminary
hearing last September, they testified
that at the meeting of the strikers at
Harwood on the night before the shoot
ing they all agreed not to carry clubs
or weapons of any kind.
The commonwealth was given a short
time to prepare its plan of rebuttal tes
timony. The commonwealth closed its
case at 3 o'clock this afternoon, after
hearing a few witnesses in rebuttai on
important points, lor most of the testi
mony it hoped to thus get before the
jury was ruled out by the court.
The defense submitted a number of
points for the consideration of the court
to prove that the Sheriff had only been
doing his duty, and stating that there
had been no evidence submitted to war
rant a finding that the defendants were
an unlawful assemblage. The further
point was made that it appeared from
the evidence substantially without dis
pute that the prisoners were lawfully
aiding the Sheriff as a posse, duly ap
pointed, at the time MiKe C'eslake was
killed, and that their purpose was to
disperse an unlawful assemblage, of
which the deceased was one; that there
was no conspiracy among them to do an
unlawful act, or to do a lawful act in
an unlawful way. Therefore, the act
of one could not be imputed to the oth
ers. Each one was to be held account
able only for what he himself did. The
evidence failing to identify the yerson
who shot Mike Ceslake, there could be
no cc-nviction under the indictment.
Judge Woodward took the point un
der advisement, and will pass upon it
later. Arguments will begin to-mor
row.
HI NTON TAKE
STANTO'S PLACE
Appointed Railroad Commis
sioner for the Second
District.
Lively Scramble Among Aspirants
for the County Office Which
He Will Vacate.
Special Dispatch *^ The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 4. — Governor
Budd this afternoon appointed William
M. Hinton of San Francisco Railroad
Commissioner for the Second District,
vice J. I. Stanton, deceased.
Mr. Hinton stated at a late hour last
night that while he had not been of
ficially notified of his appointment, he
expected to receive his commission
either Monday or Tuesday. He added
that he did not know who would suc
ceed him as Registrar of Votes of this
county.
The fact that Hinton would succeed
the late Dr. James I. Stanton In the
Board of Railroad Commissioners was
exclusively published in The Call on
February 25.
There are quite a number of aspir
ants for the position of Registrar, made
vacant by the appointment of Hinton.
Harry I. Mulcreavy, at present chief
deputy of the Registrar's office, is in
the fight for the place. Peter W. Mc-
Glade, who ran for Clerk of the Su
preme Court at the last general elec
tion and who is now employed as a
deput- in the office of Street Superin
tendent Ambrose, is also in the race.
Charles Gildea, ex-Assemblyman and
forr*-~r member of the State Board of
Equalization, is also mentioned as an
aspirant.
It is probable that Hinton's successor
will not be named by Governor Budd
before the middle of next week.
TO FLOAT THE CORONA.
Conditions Favorable for the Success
of the Project.
PORT TOWNSEND, March 4.— The
steamship Al-Ki arrived ncr at 11:30
o'clock to-night direct from Juneau
with sixteen passengers, all from Dyea
and Skaguay. When the Al-Ki passed
the Corona at 7:40 o'clock On Wednes
day evening all was in readiness for
an attempt to float the steamer yes
terday. The conditions were favorable,
and it was believed by Captain Goodall
and Engineer Lacy that the effort
would be successful.
Officers of the Al-Ki report that one
physician at Skaguay has discovered
the secret of treating the spinal menin
gitis victims, and has not lost a case
in several days. Heretofore the vic
tims have dropped dead after a few
hours' sickness.
TO IRRIGATE BEET LANDS.
Mammoth Reservoir to Ec Con-
structed Near Salinas.
SALINAS. March 4.-The Sp;eckels
Company has a large force of men at
work constructing a mammoth reservoir
on the land they purchased a few months
ago from the Soberanes estate. A pump
larger than the one at the Soledad Mis
sion will be put in to carry the water
from, the Salinas River. It Js expected
that 300 acres of beets will be irrigated
this year.
Indian Sealers Lost in a Fog.
SANTA CRUZ, March 4.— Shortly after
noon to-day the fishermen on the wharf
saw a strange craft approaching. It
proved to be a dug-out Indian canoe, such
as are seen around Prince Edwards
Island. Its occupants were two Chinook
Indians from Victoria, B. C. They were
fishermen belonging to the sealer City of
San Diego, which is down the coast on
a sailing trip. At Pigeon Point, thirty
miles up the coast, they left the ship and
went out after seals and got lost In the
dense fog. For two days they had been
at sea in their dug-out without anything
to eat or drink. When they arrived they
told their story in the little English at
their command, and were taken in charge
by the local nshermen and given their
meals and lodging. They had in their
canoe a trophy in the shape of a tine
seal.
MME. MELBA'S
NEW PROTEGEE
Will Musically Educate
the Young Daughter
of "Sid" Farrar.
Great Future for the Girl Pre-
dieted by the Enthusiastic
Prima Donna.
Has Signed a Five-Year Contract
Which Begins After Thorough
Study in Paris.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 4.— Mme. Melba.who
is sinking in the Grand Opera-house,
has a new protegee. She is Miss Ger
aldine Farrar, the 16-year-old daughter
of "Sid" Farrar, the old-time baseball
player of the Philadelphia Club, who is
living a. life of honorable retirement in
the suburban town of Melrose. Miss
Farrar was introduced to Melba and
sang for her in the Boston Theater a
few days ago. The prima donna was
deHgbtCd with her voice, embraced the
girl rapturously and predicted that she
would soon astound the musical world.
She agreed to send Miss Farrar to
Paris to study and to bear all the ex
pense before launching her as an oper
atic star. Mr. Damrosch and Manager
Ellis also heard Miss Farrar sing, and
they, too, were most favorably im
pressed with the power, range and
brilliancy of her fine soprano voice.
Mr. Ellis has her name signed to a
five-year contract which begins after
her musical education has been pol
ished off by the most eminent of Pa
risian teachers. The girl has studied
in New York for several years, but has
never appeared in public. Xordica has
heard her sing, and is reported to have
said that she was a coming star. Miss
Farrar is modest and retiring, but has
the enthusiasm for her art and the in
domitable stick-to-itiveness that al
ways win success eventually. She is
described as being prepossessing in her
personal appearance, well developed,
and to have more than ordinary his
trionic gifts. Among her friends and a
comparative few that have heard her
sing it has been well known for a long
time that her voice is remarkable both
for power and brilliancy. She is so
young that Mr. Farrar says he hesi
tates to permit her to take up stage
life, and would not do so if he did not
believe it was for the best interest of
her voice culture. If she has the best
drill in the world she can sing with the
best, for the power is in her as much
as in the greatest.
CRAZED BY MISFORTUNE.
Asylum Opens for a Disinherited
Young Japanese.
SAN JOSE, March 4.— Kuro Soude, a
young Japanese, was sent to Agnews In
sane Asylum to-day. The unfortunate is
the son of a wealthy gun manufacturer
at Nagasaki. Japan. He came to Cali
fornia about two years ago, and since
that time has lived in this city prcost of
the time. He enjoyed a handsome monthly
remittance from his father, and lived
rather a sporty life.
The story of his wild career reached
Japan, and last month his father cut off
his remittance. The young man saw
nothing but hard work ahead of him, and
brooded over his trouble until he lost
his reason. "When a young man is thus >
cut off by a parent in Japan he is for- #
ever regarded as a castoff. and this dis- w
grace preyed upon his mind. Soude is
about 25 years of age.
Towne Talks at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. March 4.— Hon. Charles
A. Towne addressed the people of Santa
Cruz this evening on the silver question.
NO
MAN ON EARTH REALIZES MORE
clearly than you do how fast your
very vitality is ebbing away. How long
has the process been going on? % If you
know, it is a secret that you had perhaps
better keep to yourself until you consult
some good medical adviser. You know
what the end will be. don't you, if the
drains keep on? Stop them, and stop
them now!
CURE
To cure any disease it is certain that
the man must want to be cured. Now,
if you are ill, show your good intent by
either writing to or calling on the doc-
tors of the Hudson Medical Institute. It
costs you not one single cent, excepting
postage, and you can save your strength.
No ordinary treatment is the grand
"HUDYAN." It cures always!
15
Is there a feeling of uneasiness in your
mind? If so, you know that there is a
cause for it. Take the trouble to ask
yourself as to what causes you to be ~
nervous. You have abused your health, ' t
your strength and your vitality. But so
have others. Ten thousand of the foolish
people have been put on their feet again
by "HUDYAN." Listen!
MADE
"I make man" is the motto of "HUD-
TAN," and it is truth. No matter how
long you have neglected your condition,
makeup your mind to-day that you are
laughs at you to-day! Be a man.
BY
m- thP duty that you owe yourself, and
WW 9 fr*». c rcular" and the best medical
b DELAY
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
; Stockton, Market anil Ellis Sts., :%
San Francisco, Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
.JI»KT. J 1 »KT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
KS and renovated. KING WARD 4
ro European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 aOday.
ttto $8 week. IS to $30 month. Free bath.:
hot and cold water every room; flre gr.t*. 1»
i every room; elevator runs all night. ,MAKES LAWS
FOR ALASKA
Senate Passes the Bill for
Homesteads and Right
of Way.
Old Fisheries Question of the
New England Coast Re
vamped in Arguments.
of.cess.ions Demanded From the Do
minion Government and Strict Reg
ulations lor Railway Concerns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, March 4.
After a debate lasting several days j
■ rate late this afternoon passed |
the bill extending the homestead laws i
i nd= providing for right of way for rail- !
roads in the district of Alaska. Com- I
paratively little discvission of general |
• interest was created by the bill. Sec- j
... providing for certain bonding
tsiona to Canada in lieu of privi
leges to be extended by 'the Dominion
. tnent to this country, however,
induced a rather lively debate, as it
br< ught into the controversy the old
nutation on the New England
0 c >t, w hich has been pending between
.1 States and Great Britain for
v hundred years. The statement was
on ihe lloor of the Senate
here was every reason to believe
ny the passage of the bill the rish
■«riea question could be settled without
• it effort, as assurances to that effect
had been received from a large and in
•ial element in Canada.
W.hen the reading of the bill was re
: turned, Sewell of New Jersey offered the
wing proviso to section 3, which was
adopted:
"ihat where the space" (for the con-
Btruction of a railroad) "Is limited, the
• United Statos District Court Bhall re
qni.re the road first constructed to allow
■ any- other railway or tramway to pass
: over its track, or tracks, through &ui_n
canyon, pass or denle on such equitable
as the saki court may prescribe,
.and all shippers shall be entitled to equal
.accommodation as to the movement of
. their freight and without discrimination
[avor .it' any person or corporation."
The last paragraph of section 6, re
servlng the right of the Government to
purchase or take by proceedings of con
demnatlon any railroad, tramway or
wagon road at its actual cash value, be
iriy in line of Government ownership of
• railroads, was stricken out by an aye
i.:rd no vote. 4S to 7. the seven votes cast
in favor of the paragraph being by Allen
of Nebraska, Butler of North Carolina,
' Harris of Kansas, Heltfeld of Idaho, Xrl
■ son "I Minnesota, Teller of Colorado and
..•'■•'Turner of Washington.
. . The reading and amending of the bill,
while long and tedious, was accomplished
without particularly important debate un
til seruun 13 was reached. This provides
: : the extension to Canada of the bond
• Ing privileges on Alaskan trade with Can
at the port of Wrangel in Alaska, on
tJon that certain concessions are
".given this country by the Dominion Gov
. rnment, among them being the ripht
of' our fishermen to enter Canadian ports
for t!ie purchase of bait or other supplies.
Turner of Washington moved to strike
out that part ot the section- which related
to the enuring of Canadian ports by
American liahernaen. He die! not, he said,
:....k lecause he was hostile
> New England fisheries, but because !
esned it unfair to burden this meas
• ure with a demand upon the Dominion
Government that it yield a contention It
has made for a hundred years.
Hale of Maine inquired if Turnf-r did not
think it would be of advantage to the
■" ' t'nited States to obtain the fisheries con
.' «' -ssion from Canada,
♦ ;sion from Canada. it would be of ad-
Turner replied tiiat it would be of ad
''•'■ vantage if he could obtain it, but did not
believe it could be obtained.
■ * Hansbrough of North Dakota said that
" . the Committee on Public Lands was in |
; '■ possession of information that Canada
would accept the conditions imposed by ■
':'■,. . the section. He was firmly of opinion
that the Dominion Government would i
■ ■" yield on the fisheries question in view of
the concessions made to it by the bill.
Hoar of Massachusetts expressed the
hope that Turner would not insist upon
• '" his motion. The fisheries question was
. not a local one to New England but a
' V national question — a question, too, par
■■• ticularly applicable to the people of the
" Northwest, where the fisheries interest
'.'.■ was annually becoming greater. He felt!
■ .■ that the fisheries problem was one of im
,. ' mense importance to the people of the
... Northwest, and ought not to be stricken
from the measure. .
In supporting and supplementing what
... '• Hoar had said, Frye of Maine said that
:.". the pending bill was of national import
..; ■ ance. He thought there was never a
; . better opportunity to secure concessions
. from the Canadian Government than at
; : the present time, when the Canadians
:" • wanted something from the United
■■:■ .States. He did not think the motion ought
■ .'•"to prevail, because we have long been
•.: giving Canada much and receiving little
:.' . in return. Frye believed that if It were
:. • not for the captiousness of Canada there
' : ■ would not be the slightest trouble be
! tween this country and Great Britain.
'■: ■ Wilson supported the contention of
:■ • Turner and thought it the height of ab
■ ■• surdity to tack the fisheries question to
■. . a bill providing for the encouragement of
; railway construction in Alaska-
Carter agreed with Hoar and Frye that
.. '.• the fisheries question, so far as it was
considered in this bill, was of national
importance. The fisheries industry In Al
aska and the Northwest now reached !
..$6;000,000' per annum, and was growing in I
•■■ importance every year.
Turner's motion to strike out the fish- i
4eries portion of — c section was defeated '
by an aye and no vote— 34 to 16. The sec- I
tion was adopted without division. As
agreed to, section 13 is as follows:
■ . ' That under rules and regulations to be pre- !
■:•. ■ -scribed by the Secretary or the Treasury, the i
:•' privilege of entering goods in warehouses and ■
• • merchandise on bond, or of placing them In '
bonded warehouses, at the port of Wrangel, I
district of Alaska, and of withdrawing the I
.- 'same for exportation to any place in British I
-• . Columbia or the Northwest Territory, with <
• .payment of duty, is hereby granted to the
: ..Government of the Dominion of Canada and I
its .citizens or citizens of the United States :
;. ' whenever and so lon* as it shall appear to !
.•■ the ' sense of the President of the United
:• States, who shall ascertain and declare the
. .• fact by proclamation that no exclusive privl- j
• leee of transporting through British Columbia
. ■ or the Northwest Territory goods or passen
■ gers arriving from or destined for other ports
.. in Ala.'-Ka is granted to any person or cor
. • . poration by the Government of the Dominion
• • of Canada, and that the privilege has been i
. . duly accorded to responsible persons or cor- '
; tf 3^?, tl ? n ?. v raUn transportation lines In I
;. ■ British Columbia or the Northwest Territory
• .making direct connection with transportation
' ii" eS . A ****; £ nd i hat the Government of I
• " the Dominion of Canada has consented to and ',
Is. allowing on behalf of citizens of the United
■ . States the entry free of duty of all miners'
•- -outfits and a supply of provisions and cloth- '
. .: Ing, the whole not exceeding In quantity 1000
. : pounds for each citizen of the United States i
. • proposing to engage in mining In British Co- '
"■: ■• lumbia or the Northwest Territory; and that !
■ . the Government of the Dominion of Canada
■' ' has removed all unequal restrictions as to the
■-■• .Issue of miners' licenses to all citizens of the
;■' United States operating or Intending to oper
■■ at<* In British Columbia or the North
'- Territory- And. further, that fishing vessels
; , -of. the United State* having authority under ■
" .the laws of the United States to touch and
■ • trade at any port or ports, place or places, in |
, : ' the British dominions of North America, shall '
■ have the privilege of entering such port or |
' ~port«. place or places, for the purpose of pur- |
• : ' -chasing bait anil all other supplies and out- j
' fits In the same manner and under the same I
'. • regulations aw may exist therein applicable to
' "trading vessel* of the most favored nations.
."' and of trans-shipping their catch to be trans
\ported In bond through said dominions without
: : pajTnent of dutlefl In the same manner as
pother merchandise destined for the United
'^etates may be thus transported.
" . The bill was then passed without
division. The Senate, at 5:05 p. m.. held
.executive session, and at 5:20 p. m. ad
journed until Monday.
Suicide of a Chinese.
ST. HELENA, March 4.— - Chinese,
threw himself In front of the northbound
passenger train to-day and was beheaded
by the wheels ! of the engine. --* ;
A CALL TO
CELEBRATE
THE JUBILEE
Governor Budd's Letter of Invita
tion to Neighboring States
and Cities.
He Asks That They Join in California's Anniver
sary Exercises to Be Observed in
1900.
Governor Budd has taken the first
' step for a general celebration of Cali
| fornia's jubilee of Statehood. Hereto
! fore the wish of the State has been
I outspoken and unanimous, and the en
' couragement of neighboring States has
been freely offered, but now the Gover
nor has asked for their co-operation,
and, judging by previous well-wishers,
! there will be no lack of response and
no possibility of dissatisfaction with
the replies.
Governor Budd has prepared a commu
nication, which he will Bend to all the
States of the Union which have been
I admitted to Statehood since California's
i entry in 1850. He asks that the Gov
ernors addressed appoint commission
ers to represent their States, and that
I the Mayors of big cities be asked to
follow their example. His letter is as
folloWS: March 3, 1898.
To his Excellency, William A. Richards,
Governor of Wyoming— Sir: The admis
! sion of California to the Union as a State
' September 9, 1850. was the first notable
I historic event in the American develop
ment of that vast section of country
whose annexation gave tne Republic an
unbroken sweep of territory from ocean
Ito ocean. The consequences of the event
! and the almost coincident discovery of
I gold were momentous. The attention of
; daring, enterprising men of all parts of
j the Union, and nearly all parts of the
' world, was attracted to this coast, and at
! once began that splendid, romantic and
i arduous work of empire building which in
i fifty years has made the whole region
from the Rocky Mountains to the sea the
most marvelous theater of industrial en
terprise known to history.
The fiftieth anniversary of an event so
j important in itself and so fruitful of mag
nificent consequences merits a commem
1 oration of more than ordinary dignity and
magnitude. The celebration should not
be left to a single State or city. All the
wide- region of territory annexed to the
Union at the same time with California
by the treaty with Mexico, all of the vast
section allied with California by reason
of similarity of mineral resources, and all
the great States that in the last fifty
years have gained admission to the Union
because of an increase of population ac
quired by the western movement of hardy
men. stimulated by the earlier rush of
pioneers to California, should unite in the
task of fitly celebrating an occasion mem
: orable in the history of oil.
An industrial exposition will afford the
most appropriate means of celebrating
the semi-centennial of a people whose de
velopment has been almost wholly in
dustrial. Moreover, such an exposition
would be not commemorative only, but
educational and inducive as well. It
MAYOR PHELAN
WAS GRILLED
The Auditor Defends His
Actions Before the
Supervisors.
Dr. Rottanzi Thinks That the
Mayor* Should Do More
Work.
A Warm Time Expected Before the
Next Meeting of trie
Board.
Auditor Broderick and Supervisor
Rottanzi, chairman of the Finance
Committee of the Board of Supervisors,
"took a fall out of" Mayor Phelan at
the meeting of the committee yester
day when the question of a threatened
deficit in the municipal funds came up.
Mayor Phelan had charged that the
Auditor and Treasurer Widber had vio
lated the law in honoring demands of
the school department In excess of the
amounts allowed by the one-twelfth
act.
He also stated that the deficit would
be large, and that the responsibility
rested with the officials named.
"I want to say to you gentlemen," re
marked the Auditor, "that my books do
not, up to the present moment, show
any deficit. We simply anticipate that
there will be a deficit if the bills con- j
tinue to come in at the present rate.
i The Mayor and his adviser. Counselor
i Murphy, io the contrary notwithstand-
I ing, there need be no deficit if the Su
! pervisors will agree to cut down ex
! penses. When the United States Gov
ernment is out of funds all public work
I is suspended pending another appropri
ation. I see no reason why the Su
, pervisors should not stop all street work :
\ for the present.
"As a matter of fact, all Mayor Phe
lan seems to care about is to make
trouble for others. He pays little or no i
attention to the duties of his own office, ]
i and spends his time annoying others.
■ He has turned his typewriter loose on
me."
"I don't think that would do," said !
Supervisor Rottanzi, referring to the j
stopping of street work. "The people |
demand that the board be progressive.
I do not think the public would be sat
isfied with the retrenchment policy. I
wish to say, however, that the Mayor
is endeavoring to shift responsibility
from himself to the shoulders of the
Supervisors, and I propose for one to
see that the responsibility is placed j
where it properly belongs. If the May- j
or were to give more attention to the j
conduct of the municipal departments I j
imagine he would find his time fully !
occupied."
It was decided to await the commu
nication of the Auditor before taking
action. , -^
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATITBDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
would serve to enlighten our own people
with a fuller knowledge of the arts and
industries of the world, and at the same
time enlighten the homeseekers and capi
talists of the rest of the country as to the
advantages the great West offers both as
a place of residence and as a land whose
rich resources afford safe and profitable
means for the investment of capital.
The splendid results accomplished for
the Southern States by the recent expo
sitions at Nashville and Atlanta, and the
sanguine expectations cherished by the
States of the Mississippi Valley with re
gard to the outcome of the exposition at
Omaha this summer, attest the value of
such enterprises when undertaken on a
scale large enough to be national In their
scope and attractiveness. A State expo
sition accomplishes little, while an expo
sition maintained by a rich and powerful
section of the union produces great re
sults; For that reason a combination of
all the States of this portion of the union
is desirable in the proposed enterprise.
The States of tho South have acted to
gether, those of the Mississippi Valley are
united for the Omaha Fair, and it is now
the turn of the Pacific Coast and moun
tain States to imitate their example.
The time fixed for holding the proposed
fair is mo<t propitious. The host of vig
orous men now journeying across the con
tinent toward the gold fields of Alaska
will, by the year 1900, have accomplished
much i"n the "way of developing that froz
en region, and thousands of them will be
seeking in milder climates a home for the
remainder of their lives. Why should not
all of these men be retained in the West,
and thousands of others be drawn from
the East by the exposition of such an ar
ray of the fruits and products of Western
sun and soil as will amply demonstrate
the superiority of this section over that of
any other portion of the Union?
As a preliminary step toward the ac
complishment of harmony of effort
throughout the great West on this sub
ject, I request your Excellency to appoint
a committee to represent your State at 3
convention to be held at a place and date
to be fixed in the near future. I propose
appointing a committee to represent Cali
fornia at the convention and have invited
the Governors of the other Western
States to do likewise. Your Excellency
will understand the advisability of early
action in the matter, in order that the
work of preparation so needful for an ex
position on the scale desired may begin
as promptly as possible.
A fuller understanding of the proposed
enterprise will be gained from the in
closed clippings from the San Francisco
Call, the original mover in the plan. From
these it will be seen that the movement
is already well launched here and is
strongly supported by men whose lead
ership assures a strong following, not
only in California, but throughout the
great West.
Mayor Phelan of San Francisco will
shortly appoint a committee to look after
the interests in that city in connection
with the exposition, and the Mayors of
other cities of the State will do likewise.
Anticipating a favorable response and
the cordial co-operation of your Excel
lency and the State of Wyoming in this
enterprise for the general good, I remain,
very truly yours. JAMES H. BT'DD.
Governor of California.
THE LATE GEORGE H. BRYANT.
Expressions of general sorrow and regret are manifested for the death
of George H. Bryant, who succumbed to a stroke of paralysis last Wednes
day morning at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Edward Fay, at Ellis and
Octavia streets. Although the deceased had been suffering for years from
the affliction which finally carried him away, his death, although known by
his relatives to be inevitable, was at the time farthest from the immediate
thoughts of his wife and daughter, who strove against hope in attempting
to prolong his life. The disease first manifested itself some six years ago,
when his right leg was crippled by a stroke of the dread malady. Ever
since this time he has been failing both in body and mind, and when death
finally claimed its own, his body was a mere skeleton and his mind a total
blank. For five days previous to his death he was slowly sinking,
and at times life seemed to be almost extinct. All this time he
was totally unconscious, not even recognizing the features and voice of
his wife and daughter. He lingered on striving to grasp the thread of
life with a firm hand until Wednesday morning, when he was compelled
to give up the unequal struggle and his years of suffering were
brought to a close. His remains, soon after death, were conveyed to an
undertaking establishment, where they are to be embalmed preparatory
to shipment to Boston, in compliance with the invalid's request that his
body might rest in the soil of his native birthplace.
Funeral services will be held over the body to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock at the home of his daughter. Mrs. Fay, on Octavia street. The de
cedent was a graduate of Cambridge College, and for many years was a
member of the celebrated Boston Lancers. He was a member of the Cali
fornia National Guard, which he joined after his arrival in the State,
being elected later as an honorary member. Soon after his arrival here he '
founded the firm of Neville & Bryant, which now bears his name. The
valuation of his estate is not known as yet, no inquiry having been made
into the condition of his business affairs.
His wife, daughter and a brother in Boston are the only surviving
blood relatives of the deceased.
The facsimile ST& ***? '.■ j^T* ** 011 evei 7 wrapper
■".; Signature of, Uu^T^S^ tf CASTOBIA.
ARE THESE
TWO CASES
SMALLPOX?
The State Authorities
Place the Doric in
Quarantine.
Federal Officials Remove
Sufferers Surrepti
tiously.
Dr. Hill Wires the Secretary
of the Treasury of
the Act.
CHIEF LEES STEPS IN.
Dp. Blue Dissembles, Denies and
Acts Arbitrarily— Dorio Now
Under Guard.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
■+ «ksoi.vi:i>» That the 4
+ Mteam*hip Doric be or- +'
+ dered removed from the + ;
♦ dock to which she Is now +
♦ moored into the stream +
■♦■ and every person on hoard +
■*" l»e ordered vaccinated "♦"
&■ with the exception of
♦ those who liave been vac-
T cinated since the arrival _^
+ of the vessel in this port, +
+ and that she he detained +
+ in quarantine until fur- +
♦ ther notified. +
This Is the edict of the Board of
Health, and it means that war to the
knife will henceforth be on between the
Federal and the State quarantine au
thorities. Dr. Blue and Dr. Rosenau
will now be in line for solar plexus
blows from such an aggregation of State
talent as Dr. John .Malcolm William
son. Dr. Gerald J. Fitzgibbons, Dr.
Henry H. Hart. T>r. Aloysius O'Brien
and Dr. Edmund Hill, all of whom will
be ably seconded by Chief of Police
Lees and his merry men.
Another case of sickness was dis
covered on the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company's Doric
last Thursday evening, and the
agents of the vessel ignored the
State officials, but notified Dr. Rosenau.
The latter, withr-ut any warrant, went
Into the State's jurisdiction and took
the sick man and his companion to the
quarantine station at Ang°l Island on
the Government tug (leorge M. Stern
berg. When Dr. Hill heard >f this he
immediately went to the mail dock and
stopped the work of discharging the
Doric. He put some of the health offi
cers in charge of the ship, and refused
to allow anybody to come ashore or
anybody aboard. Several custom house
officials and employes of the steamship
company were caught on the vessel,
and they had to- remain aboard all day.
When the Doric reached port last
Monday she was flying the yellow flag.
Acting State Quarantine Officer Hill
boarded her off Alcatraz, and found
that a Chinese fireman had died of
smallpox a few days previously. A few
minutes later Dr. Blue, the assistant
Federal quarantine officer, caone aboard
and he at once sent for Dr. Rosenau.
The latter went off to the steamer, and
the three physicians, after a consulta
tion, ordered the Doric into quarantine.
Everything and everybody aboard were
fumigated, and the steerage passengers
and crew were vaccinated, after which
the vessel was allowed to dock.
It was while the fumigating and vac
cinating was going on that Deputy Sur
veyor of the Port Chauncy M. St. John
issued his now famo-us order to hold
Dr. Hill in quarantine until the vessel
was released by Dr. Rosenau.
A couple of days ago the crew of the
Doric began to complain of their sore
arms. In even* instance the vaccine
took, and some of the men were quite
sick. Wednesday last Thomas Hellom,
one of the boilermakers, was so bad
that the ship's doctor had to prescribe
for him. Thursday he was worse, and
as he had been in the same vatch as
the Chinese who died it was thought
better to notify the quarantine officer,
Dr. Rosenau. As soon as the latter re
ceived the notification he went to the
Doric, and not only took avay Hellom.
but also his roommate, Alexander Rux
ton, the sixth assistant engineer.
Having been granted pratique and
the Doric being tied up to tho mail com
pany's wharf, it is stated that she was
clearly within the jurisdiction of the
State, and the two men should have
been removed to the pest house. The
State quarantine authorities hold that
in acting the way he did Dr. Rosenau
has made himself liable to the State
laws, and a warrant for his arrest will
probably be issued.
The officers of the Doric assert that
Hellom was not suffering from vario
loid, but from pneumonia and the fever
consequent upon his vaccination. The
State authorities do not accept this the
ory, however, holding that Dr. Rosenau
would never take a man suffering from
pneumonia, from a ship to Angel Island,
as the trip would almost certainly re
sult in his death.
The Board of Health held a meeting
to consider the question yesterday aft
ernoon in Dr. Fitzgibbons' office. Drs.
Hart, Hill and Fitzgibbons were pres
ent. D. D. Stubbs, secretary of the
Occidental and Oriental Steamship
line, and Dr. Chapman, the Doric's sur
geon, had been summoned to attend
the session. The fact that they saw fit
to do so, accompanied by Attorney
r oulds, was considered evidence that
the company is convinced the State is
in the lead.
On being questioned Dr. Chapman
asserted that Hellom was suffering
from vaccinia. Secretary Stubbs prom
ised to do whatever the State authori
ties decided best.
After a consultation the board con
cluded that before taking further ac
tion it would be better to make fur
ther investigation, and accordingly Dr.
Hill and Dr. Fitzgibbons, accompanied
by Dr. Bunnell, started for Angel Isl
and last evening on the State tug Gov
ernor Perkins. On landing they were
met by Dr. Blue, who, in the absence
of Dr. Rosenr j, refused to permit any
examination of the sick man. Dr.
Fitzgibbons then put the question
squarely whether Hellom had the small
pox, and was given an evasive an-
Bwer.
"Then," said Dr. Hill, "tell us what
is the trouble with the engineer, Rux
ton."
Dr. Blue denied emphatically at
first that such a man had been brought
to the island, but upon Dr. Hill telling
him there was no use in prevaricating, I
as the opposite was known. Dr. Blue
laughed and admitted that Ruxton
was on the island and had the vario
loid.
Another meeting of the Board of ■
Health was held at the same place late
yesterday afternoon, Dr. Williamson
presiding. At that meeting the reso
lution which heads this article was in
troduced by Dr. Hart and adopted
unanimously, being personally served
on Secretary Stubbs by Dr. Hill.
Stubbs promised that the Doric should
be dropped into the stream this morn
ing. Chief of Police Lees appeared at
the meeting and informed the board
that any assistance in his power would
t>e cheerfully granted.
The proposition with the board
seems to be very simple: that the Fed
eral quarantine authorities have vio
lated the law by taking a man outside
the confines of the city and county.
They regard this as the best chance
they will ever get to show that the
State means to have something to say
on the question of quarantine.
By suggestion of Dr. Hart a tele
gram was sent the Secretary of the ;
Treasury last night, informing him
that the Federal quarantine authori
ties had surreptitiously removed two
passengers of the Doric from the con
fines of the city and county of San
Francisco, and asking his intervention
in the affair.
A force of twelve health inspectors,
under charge of Inspector O'Brien, is
now guarding the Doric. They go on
duty in squads of fours, and each divi
sion serves six hours. Those on duty
are Inspectors Luders, Donovan, Mc-
Grath Connolly, Lydon, Benjamin,
Tobin. Cameron, David, Crow, Kelly*.
P"ltP "I te wish I could get Chauncey M.
Sinjun aboard the DorfC* says
Hill, "and then I would be happy. I d
keep him there a month.'
Drs Kottanzi. Williamson. O'Brien
and Hill paid a visit to the ship last
niXit and found that the forty-eight
stevedores and longshoremen impris
oned aboard were in a pitiable plight.
"AH the blankets." said Dr. Rpttanzl.
••wore taken over to the quarantine sta
tion to be fumigated, and as the vessel
has been ordered to go out into the
stream in the morning, these men wil
suffer grertly. After seeing this said
SitiS of affairs, I paid a visit to
Contain Spillane at the Southern Po
lice Station, and he promised to do
what he could toward supplying the
unfortunates with necessary bedding,
but I doubt if he will be able to do
«nvthing as the hour was already late
and he had no store for such an eraer-
gency. —
Betting on Two Eastern Dogs.
That the "bookies" are beginning to
plunge on the doss as well as on the
nonies was strongly In evidence in , a
heated argument that took place at < the
d sromi^n? V Chfeo booky bet Jack
A prominent Chicago booky bet Jack
Rahlstnn $500 :to • $200 that Patria. the
crack Eastern dog. . would get . the first
turn and run up against. the crack East
ern * bitch Dakota, in their race at Ingle
side Coursing Park on Sunday. >•
The bookies are evidently with the vet
eran California judge, John Grace.. r ,-.-,"
News for the Wheelmen.
The Leajrue of American Wheelmen numbers
nearly 2000 below the 100.000 mark within the
last few weeks. In spite of this startling
diminution, the maximum of health may be
attained by those who u.«e the comforting and
thorough tonic, Hostetter's Stomach Bitters,
which promotes disrestlon, a healthy flow of
bile regularity of the bowels and counteracts
kidriev trouble. It is. moreover, a remedy for
and preventive of malaria and rheumatism.
DR.MOTLTY.
' I^HIS WJCUfKItOWJH AND RKMART.K OT/b
■ -L Specialist cure* I'rlvate,Nervous,H!oo<!»ind Skin ■
Diseiises of Men on/i/. ' Manly Power restored." Over I
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cnre<! at Home. -Terms reasonable. ; Hours, 8 to 3
dii!y;6:.lO toB.3ocv'Ks.iSuridßjr!«, 10 to 12. Omsulta-
'■ tiou free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
• f f. BOSCOE »eMVI>TT. 91. ».. : ::;
*' 20; 5 Kent ux Street, San Franciaco. CfkL
SNAKES CAN'T
USE LANGUAGE
One Fault to Be Found
With "The Drama
of Eden."
Some Difficulty in Arraying
Adam and Eve in Suit
able Costume.
The Rev. Russell "Writes a Play
Whersby He Hopes to Ele
vate the Stage.
Manag-er Friedlander is somewhat
puzzled about a play of which he has
the manuscript. In poring: over it he
has burned midnight oil in large quan
tities. At least he would have burned
this sort of oil had his apartments not
been equipped with facilities for the
use of gas. These statements, although
true and necessary, get a little ahead
of the story.
Rev. A. M. Russell has written a play.
It is moral and elevating, having been
devised in the periods between the
writing of sermons. He calls it "The
Drama of Eden." It is evident that the
gentleman has been anxious to follow
the Biblical account, a circumstance
which, however commendable, has led
to difficulty. It sets forth the life of the
original pair, their love-making, their
being fooled by a tempter, and the mu
tual giving away to a mad passion for
apples.
There are three acts and thirteen
scenes, some of them striking. The
characters, aside from an angel chorus,
are not numerous, of course, because
at that time the entire population would
have constituted a limited cast. To
make up for this unavoidable deficiency
the animal kingdom has been freely
drawn upon. There are to be all man
ner of beasts grouped about the stage
when the curtain goes up on "The
Drama of Eden." Herein is an initial
difficulty. No modern theater is
equipped with a menagerie. Mr. Fried
lander finds himseif dismayed by the
fact that a principal speaking part has
been given to the serpent. Of course
the serpent did have considerable to
say, but to train the modern serpent
to become conversational, or to make
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
| DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT HAS RESTORED 10,000 MEN§
g TO HEALTHY, ROBUST VIGOR IN THE PAST YEAR. |
»- ~^*
yS?|l|i||| fcj ' -g, wonderful Belt has proven 2
Siliillifiir by its thousands of cures 3
- ■ . ■ . • ' " 3
| Free Book for Weak Men. j
2£l A book that tells how the old vigor can be regained, how it has 113
S^ been regained, by thousands of your fellow-men. It is called "Three -^»
«>- Classes of Men," for young, middle-aged and old men, who are not
•^ what they should be at their age. It is full of joyous messages from 33
St= men now strong. Get it and see what Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has
ZZ done for weak men; free by mail or at the office, where consultation --•
and advice are free. Call or address ~*m
B SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 63 ° Market St., Opposite 3
•HI SAJNUJbiN t-LUt' 1 nIU LU., Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
B Office hours-S a. m. to Sp. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1 B^ nch^ n a^ r Los r^" gel ||; --3
fc; MMH Booth Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washington st. ; Denver. Colo.. 931 Six- _^
teenth st.; Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main st. J- _ . .
»~ NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— Market st. . . _^
a
The man worked in an Ohio coal mine, and this is the story hi
told: "For some years past I have been employed under mothel
earth, from one and a half to two miles from the mouth of the mine,
digging coal. The great distance under the hills makes it impossible
for me to get pure air, which is forced to us by the aid of great fans.
During breaks in machinery the air would become bad, causing first
great pa-ins in my head, dizziness and fainting. This continued until;
nest was pains in stomach, indigestion and dyspepsia. Working hardf
in the mines I naturally was a hearty eater until at last I had dyspep-'
sia so bad I suffered terrible. The doctor prescribed for me, but I
only got worse. I took several kinds of medicine. I saw Ripans
Tabules advertised and going to the drug store bought some. In
three d*ys I was a new man, my head is clear, stomach -well, no dy*.,
pepsia. These Ripaus Tabules did ie"
it assume such an aspect as to be capa
ble of winning feminine esteem, is no
simple matter. All that the educated
snake of these degenerate times can do
is to coil unpleasantly and swallow a
rabbit whole, hissing ai. intervals and
darting a forked tongue. The "human
snake" is merely a boneless mortal who
ties himself in knots, but would fall
far short of filling the bill.
Another obstacle presents itself. It
is accepted that the costumes of Adam
and Eve were not elaborate. Even aft
er they had developed to the figleaf
stage much was lacking which wcruld
now be considered desirable. The
anomaly of draping in cloth a lady and
gentleman who antedated the most
primitive loom impresses itself at once
even upon the non-professional mind.
The theme of the play does not need to
be explained, for it follows closely the
story as told in Genesis. Nor does
there appear occasion here to set forth
that the object in view is the eleva
tion of the stage.
It may be said in all fairness that the
verse in which the aspirations of the
reverend dramatist have found expres
sion is not of a high order. The last of
it may be taken as a sample. This
pertains to the sorry instant when the
pair are driven from the garden, Adam
saying to Eve:
"Then cheer thee, my fair, my tender bride;
Hence lft us go, walking side by side,
Joined in all the conflicts of a varied life,
A faithful husband and a true and loving
wife,
'Til the voire of him who hath this life given.
Shall call us home to his sweet rest in
heaven."
(Exit Adam and Eve while the curtain falls.)
air. Friedlander, as an expert, recog
nizes much of excellence in the effort,
but the weak spots also impress him.
He realizes that the electric imitation
of the creation of the light which at di
vine command shed its benign rays over
the newly maae world would make a
hit. He thinks the animals wcnild,
too, especially in the later scenea
in which they are to be strewn
deceased about the stage, but
he sees no way to overcome
the obstacles before mentioned. In his
opinion, the work of the Rev. Mr. Rus-.
sell is better adapted to reading. It
could be illustrated by pictures thrown
on a screen, but it can't be twisted to
fit the exigency of artistic requirement
as stage managers and property men
understand it.
The author Is now a resident of Napa.
but formerly lived in this city, where
he has many friends.
Town Talk
This week Is a complete magazine of
news and readable matter. In the con
tents are: A strong editorial on alfalfa
production, of interest to Tanners and in
vestors; a talk about trusts by Phil Gar
lic; Saunterer stories about San Francisco,
and -Oakland clubs, the inner reason of a
postponed wedding announcement, story
about a San Francisco publisher, society
and political chat; French tale translated
by B. Ziska: word etching, poems, and
a storiette from real life; musical, book,
stage and lecture reviews; portraits of.
persons of prominence. . •
■ o ■
Three out of every 135 English-speak
ing people have red hair. . •
56
SATURDAY MARCH 5, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU, S. p. j
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson mtwt
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carrier* In thl» city and surrounding towns
for 15 cent* a week- By mall $6 per year per month
65 cents. ________
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by tnall. $1.30
OAKLAND OFFICE..." 908 Broadway j
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
HEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Butldinft j
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Rlfcfc* House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay
epen until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until ;
t:ZO o'clock.. 621 MoAlllster street open until 9:30 ;
e'clock.- 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clocK ,
£W. corner Sixteenth end Mission streets: open until
1 o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock j
IC6 Eleventh St.; open until 9 o'clock, '505 Polk street ;
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second j
cod Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock- 1
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Robin Hood."
Columbia— •• Shall We Forgive Her."
Alcazar— "Fnlee Shame."
Moroseo's— "Saved From the Sea."
TlToli— "The Geisha."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Oiympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlquita and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mlnlnsr Fair and Klondike Exposition.
Pacific Coast Jockey Clnb— Kaces at In^leside to-day.
Coursing— Infrleside Courslne Park, this afternoon.
Courslny— At Union Coursing Park, this afternoon.
AUCTION SALES.
Hy G. H. Umbsen-Monday. March 7, Real Estate, at 14 Mont-
romcry sireet, at 12 o'clock. j
THE JURY SYSTEM.
AN evening contemporary, which resembles
necessity in knowing very little law, uses up
two columns of its space to make a hyster
ical protest against petit jury exemptions. The bur
den of its complaint is that section 200 of the Code of
Civil Procedure perpetrates an outrage when it says
that attorneys, preachers, almshouse keepers, prison
officials, sailors, express agents, mail carriers, tele
graph officials, national guardsmen, firemen and
railway employes shall not be compelled to sit on
juries. Our contemporary's "thinker" inclines to the
belief that if these classes were all forced to do jury
duty justice would be administered more uniformly
and — we infer — an occasional verdict might be ren
dered against the railroad monopoly.
The difficulty with this ponderous legal luminary is
that it does not understand the reasons of the exemp
tions concerning which it complains. With respect
to the national guardsmen and firemen the purpose of
the law is to induce men to do militia and fire duty.
The idea is that citizen soldiers and firemen should
get something more substantial than newspaper no
toriety for protecting life and property. (Lest our
contemporary may say that firemen are paid we will
mention that country fire departments are mostly
volunteer.) Railway and telegraph men are ex
empted because it is thought that they will accom
modate the public more by attending to their busi
ness than by serving on juries. There would be quite
as much sense in making Judges and Sheriffs serve
as in making attorneys, who are officers of the court
and a part of the judicial machinery. And so with
the others — they are mostly disqualified.
Another trouble with our grandiloquent contempor
ary is that it relics on ancient history for its knowl
edge of the jury system. What Junius and Paley said
about juries is at present irrelevant and immaterial.
They lived when the system was actually a "bulwark
of liberty." Bulwarks of liberty are no longer neces
sary. The great problem of modern times is not to
discover methods of preserving liberty, of which
there is abundance on hand at all times, but to find
ways for preventing corporations using liberty to
fleece the masses. The jury system is a valuable aid
in depriving the people of some of the blessings of
liberty. When a street car corporation, for instance,
runs over a person, plenty of juries are always found
to bring in a verdict for the defendant. How would
this be changed by summoning lawyers, ministers,
Sheriffs and railway employes to sit on juries?
As a matter of fact the system of submitting legal
disputes to twelve "peers" is rapidly going out of
date. Intelligent men all over the world are recog
nizing it, under modern conditions, as a failure. If
juries are not ignorant they are prejudiced; if they
are not prejudiced they fall victims to the blandish
ments of tricky lawyers; if they are not moved by
eloquent sophistry they are "fixed." So in any event
they fail to do justice. Their verdicts are con
stantly being set aside by the appellate courts as con
trary to the evidence or as the result of passion and
prejudice.
The "reformed procedure" introduced by the late
David Dudley Field contemplates their final aban
donment. Every year puts them further behind us.
Probably they would long ago have been abolished
had not the law — ever conservative — feared the awful
shock of such profound thinking as is thought by
our esteemed contemporary. The legislation against
the jury system in this State, which "thinkers" like
our contemporary regard with so much apprehen
sion, is merely a manifestation of the tendency of
the age. The jury system in time will disappear.
The youth who writes two columns a day in our con
temporary to express a single thought may himself
live to see it abolished.
The gentleman who claims the honor of discover
ing a cure for yellow fever has concluded, generons
soul, to keep the process secret. It is not likely that
he has any objection to a victim of the malady being
cured, but for him to talk about his own specific
would of course be a violation of ethics. There re
mains the comforting thought that, anyhow, the
method is probably what is known technically as a
fake.
Senator Proctor's narrow escape from being blown
up is suggestive of the manner in which pins have
saved many lives. This feat on the part of the pins
was first made known by a schoolboy, who explained
that the pins did this by not t>eing swallowed. Sen
ator Proctor was saved by not being on the blown-up
train.
If there is no epidemic of spinal fever at Skaguay
there are a number of correspondents up that way
who should be sent to some place where such an
epidemic is in full blast.
Councilman Brosnahan of Oakland merits the
gratitude of Councilman Woodward. The latter must
find it a rest and joy to have attention diverted from
himseif.
THE REPUBLICAN PLATFORM.
\A R. TOWNE'S speech rings the changes on
! / \ the Republican platform, and, like Mr.
* l Bryan, he declares that what they call bi
metallism is admitted by that platform to be a good
thing, but this country is not to have it without the
consent of Europe.
Of course the platform is not susceptible of any
such construction. It does not consider the free
coinage of silver by the United States at 16 to I as
a good thing at all. It pledges the party to much
«uch an agreement with other nations as that between
the states of the Latin Union, by which the ratio and
volume of coinage were agreed to by the several
state parties to the treaty. The Republican platform
does not indorse nor foster the idea that, in default
of such international agreement, free coinage at 16
to i could be or should be attempted by the United
States alone.
The reasons for this position are sound and are
obvious to any one who chooses to think on the sub
ject. If this country, England, France and Ger
many agree to coin silver equally with gold at a fixed
ratio their joint primacy of the commerce and finance
of the world would make impossible the driving of
gold out of circulation within the territory of one of
them and its absorption by the others. Each would
retain its normal gold circulation because no other
would get a profit in reaching for it. The flow from
one to another of both gold and silver would be the
normal circulation for use in adjusting trade balances
and would cause neither inconvenience nor alarm.
It would be exactly that process described by Mr.
Jefferson. He said our standard of value should be
the same as that of the nations with which our com
mercial intercourse is the greatest, and then it would
flow beneficially from the country where it was too
plentiful to that in which it was too scarce.
Now let us consider the difference between this
system and that proposed by Messrs. Towne, Bryan
and the fiatists. They wish to compel the United
States, independently of other nations, to adopt free
coinage at the ratio of 16 to 1. The effect of this
will be totally different from that of an international
agreement. It will set in operation the Gresham
law, and as fast as our silver coinage increases the
gold will be driven out to the gold-using nations.
Finally our gold will disappear, just as it has dis
appeared from every free coinage country in the
world, and we will be left upon a silver mono
metallic basis.
Here then are the two systems between which the
country is invited to chocse. The Republican posi
tion is that in default of the international agreement
our standard of value shall remain as It is. This was
its position in 1896, and every man who voted its
ticket so understood it. There was no intimation, in
the platform or elsewhere that if an international
agreement were not made the party would go over to
Mr. Bryan.
President McKinley has in good faith carried out
the platform. He appointed a commission of free
silver men, one of them a supporter of Mr. Bryan,
to visit European Governments and negotiate for an
international agreement on coinage. So far this
effort has not been successful, but it will not be re
linquished. If it have any chance of success it will
immediately disappear upon the success of Mr.
Bryan's policy. Henri Cernuschi and all European
bimetallists repeatedly declared that the dominant ob
stacle to an international agreement has always been
the agitation in the United States for such indepen
dent action as Mr. Bryan proposes.
Therefore, stripped of its gaudy verbiage, Mr.
Towne's proposition is that we pass from the gold
standard, with a large use of legal tender silver and
a circulation of the coins of both metals at a joint
par, to the silver standard, with a contraction of the
currency by driving gold away, and a circulation of
silver alone at the silver par, or a depreciation of
about 50 per cent, and an issue of fiat paper to fill the
vacuum left by gold, which in its turn will, under the
Gresham law, drive out silver.
No rant nor fustian can conceal so plain an issue.
If the fortunes of partisan warfare compel the Repub
lican party to give battle again upon that issue it will
be found ready, and if its position bring to its sup
port the sound money men who value the financial
stability and honor* of their country above party
names, it will keep faith with them and the country.
LOCOL GOVERNMENT IN LONDON.
BY the sweeping victory of the Progressives over
the Moderates in the London elections on
Thursday evidence is furnished that at least
one of the many new consolidated city governments
cf the time has given satisfaction to its people.
With sixty-seven Progressives elected against forty
Moderates the County Council will go forward with
its work of municipal improvement and carry out in
London many of those civic enterprises which have
proven so successful in the smaller cities of Glasgow
and Birmingham.
The very names given to,- the opposing parties in
the contest reveal the nature of the issue between
them and the lines on which they were divided. In
national politics the citizens of London are either
Conservatives, Liberals or Radicals; Tories or
Whigs; Unionists or Home Rulers; but in this elec
tion they abandoned all national party ties, chose
new names for their contending factions and divided
on the sole question whether the County Council
should go forward or halt, whether it should have
more power or less.
The London Speaker a few weeks ago in discuss
ing the election stated the issue at stake in these
words: "If the Londoners want to abolish the Coun
cil, or at least to render it a futile and impracticable
institution, they had better return a Moderate ma
jority; but if they think themselves capable of man
aging their own affairs and desire that their repre
sentatives should work themselves instead of ob
structing the work of others, they will elect a solid
force of Progressives who can bear down obstruc
tion and meet the demands of London." The Lon
doners have answered the question. They have de
cided to continue the work of making old London
a modern city — placing it, in fact, among the most
progressive municipalities of the time.
The triumph is a notable one for those who desire
to see municipal government become a much more
important part of politics than it has been in the
past. London is a conservative city. It votes against
home rule. Few of its boroughs ever return Liberals
to Parliament. Yet in this election its citizens have
shown they can be liberal enough where their local
affairs are concerned. They elected John Burns, a
day laborer, over the Earl of notwithstand
ing the fact that the Earl is one of the richest men
in the empire and that both he and his Countess
made a house to house canvass of the district; but
they did not elect Burns because of any prejudice
against rich men or noblemen, for they also elected
such men as Lord Hardwicke, Baron Monkwell, Sir
Horace Farquahar and Sir Tundell Maple, the latter
of whom is connected with one of the big depart
ment stores of London and may be therefore consid
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
ered a representative not only of wealth, but of
aggressive wealth.
It was, in short, a victory for the extension of
municipal government, the establishment of a com
pleter home and local rule than Londoners have
known before. It is a forward ?tep in a move
ment going on in this country as well as in Eng
land, though it is not so much needed here as
there, for American cities have a larger scope of local
authority than those of England (the Londoners, for
example, do not control their own police), and may
be regarded as an evidence that municipal adminis
tration is to be in the coming century one of the
best fields for the exercise of political activity in
which men of public spirit can engage.
THE POSTOFFICE DEFICIT.
AS Mr. Loud's bill to correct the abuses of the
second-class mail privilege has been defeated
in the House by the comparatively large ma
jority of 162 to 119, it is clear that some other means
will have to be devised for reducing postoffice expen
ditures unless this Congress intends to permit the
postoffice to remain a burden upon the Government
and a cause for general taxation.
Upon those who defeated the bill ought to rest the
responsibility for devising some other remedy. This,
however, cannot be expected of them. The great
majority of the adverse vote was made up of Demo
crats and Populists, and these parties are not emi
nent for success in constructive legislation. They are
vigorous enough in opposition to Republican meas
ures, but when anything affirmative is asked of them
they fail utterly either to agree among themselves or
to devise anything on which others can agree.
There has been more or less talk for some time
past of reducing postal expenditures by reducing the
amounts paid railroads for transportation. Some of
the statistics used in argument for this plan are cer
tainly of a nature to justify a belief that much might
be saved in that way without doing wrong to the
transportation companies. The plan, however, up
to this time has lacked official recommendation, and
that fact discredits the fair showing made by its sup
porters and inclines to the belief that the figures
given by them may be inaccurate or so juggled as
to present an appearance quite different from the
reality.
The Loud bill was a fair and commendable one.
It dealt with an abuse known to exist and proposed
a remedy that would have been just to the taxpayers
and beneficial to the PostofTice Department. The
privilege of second class at low rates of postage was
designed for the benefit of newspapers and genuine
periodicals, and incidentally for the general public
that desires the news and reads magazines and re
views. Advantage has been taken of the law to send
through the mails as second class matter thousands
of pounds of advertising circulars, trashy novels and
other stuff of the kind, for which the people have no
use and for the transportation of which they should
not be made to pay. The postoffice should not be
made to bear the burden and do the work of dis
tributing this great mass of trash and truck, and even
if its transportation entailed no deficit it would be
well to make it pay full postage rates and pay the cost
of handling it.
A bill similar to that which has just been defeated
was passed by the House last year by a vote of 144 to
104. It is not clear why the result was different this
year, but there is this much encouragement to be
drawn from the situation that since the House has
changed once it may change again, and when the
public mind has been thoroughly educated on the
subject we shall have the remedy provided and the
wrong removed.
\* R. WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN, a dis
/ \ tinguished citizen of Nebraska, gives it as his
* opinion that in the event of a war between
the United States and Spain there is no doubt we
could "lick 'em." Mr. Bryan did not fulminate this
opinion until he had consulted Judge A. M. Jackson,
who, according to the newspaper correspondent
guilty of transmitting the interview, is a celebrated
jurist of the Populistic-Democratic school. We
may, therefore, assume that Mr. Bryan's view has
been carefully considered, and that he is willing to
stand by it in case it is disputed.
But it is to be noted at this juncture that the ques
tion whether or not the United States would be able
to "lick" Spain in the event of a war is not at all
equal in absorbing interest to the other question
which we now ask, Would Mr. Bryan, the distin
guished citizen of Nebraska, go to the front and fight
in case of trouble? In short, would Mr. Bryan help
us to "lick 'em"?
Everybody is aware of the fact that the great
Nebraskan's jaw is equal to any conflict. But talk
never won a real battle. A careful and discriminative
use of lead and gunpowder determines the result of
genuine war, and no matter how valiant Mr. Bryan
may be in wordy controversy, in actual physical con
flict he might not loom up at all. We have no hesi
tation in saying, however, that if Mr. Bryan will help
us to "lick 'em" a majority of the people of the
United States will favor immediate war with Spain.
There is a general desire to get the distinguished
Nebraskan into some kind of a fight in which his
jawbone will not count. He is rapidly talking the
American people to death, and we doubt whether the
United States as a nation will long survive his ora
tory and "arguments." But if he would go to the
front with a musket a war with Spain might be worth
all it would cost. For one thing, we would hear no
more of his free silver blather, and for another he
might take up his permanent residence in Cuba after
the war, which would impose upon this country a
long-needed rest.
It is too much to hope, however, that Mr. Bryan
will fight. Unless the impending conflict with Spain
is placed on a basis of 32 to 1 the discount probably
would not be sufficiently pointed to engage his at
tention.
Some of the rumors coming from Cuba lack the
element of reasonableness. For instance, it is im
probable that the Spanish hired a diver to affix a
torpedo to the Maine and then killed him to prevent
the accident of loquacity. Fully as likely is it that
some diver, fired by patriotism, stuffed himself with
gun cotton and, hurling his distended corporosity
against the ship, exploded with deadly effect.
It is not often seemly to speak lightly of a Repre
sentative, for he is naturally an august personage,
yet James Hamilton Lewis of the great State of
Washington must" quit acting like a monkey on a
stick or some correspondent will be apt to say
something not tending to soothe the savage breast
of the statesman.
Even if the State quarantine officers refuse to be
divorced from their salaries, they ought to keep out
of the way of the officers who have the authority to
act
WILL BRYAN FIGHT?
THE
READY,
STEADY
SAILOR.
A
TIMELY
TOPICAL
SONG.
When the country's in a state of agitation,
And a lot of lubbers spoiling for a fight,
With a howl about the honor of the nation,
When the clouds of war are rolling into sight,
There's a time when gallant sailormen are ready
To participate in any little game,
And they make no bluff about it,
But let any nation doubt it
And they'll find that we are ready, just the same.
CHORUS.
Oh. yes, we're ready!
Firm and steady!
Ready in a rumpus; steady in a row!
(All hands on deck! Clear ship for action! Man the guns! Ready, steady, fire!)
How's that for ready?
How's that for steady?
Ready for a muss right now!
We've the lowa. New York and Indiana,
And we've sixty other gallant ships of war.
The Maine's upon the bottom in Havana,
She'll be up and out for "business" soon, once more!
There's a time when gallant sailors are not boasting.
It's the time when they are waiting for the row.
You may think them rather quiet,
But let anybody try it,
And they'll find us up and read}', right now!
Now. I think I see those lubbers who are steaming
With anxiety for carnage to begin.
Yes, I see them when the dynamite is screaming;
Oh, I see them— l should like to see them— then.
That's the time when gallant sailormen are ready!
When the fuss and flame and fighting are begun!
And if anybody doubt it
Let 'em watch us go about it,
And they'll see how quick we're ready for the funt
CHORUS.
Yes, it's then we're ready!
Firm and steady!
When the shells are raking clean from stern to bow
(Stand by to ram! Full speed ahead! Smash her, crash her! Ready, O steady!)
We're always ready!
We're always steady!
Ready for the fun, right now!
ALBERT BIGELOW PAINE in New York Herald.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
A. P. Halfhlll is at the Grand from Los
Angeles.
J. J. Dolan of Coultervllle Is a guest at
the Palace.
James L. Sperry is at the Occidental
from Big Tr«es.
E. A. Btacy of San Diego Is registered
at the California.
C. B. Wells of Milwaukee Is registered
at the Occidental.
R. H. Stevens Is at the Occidental from
Syracuse, New York.
J. M. Glass of Los Angeles arrived at
the Palace last night.
Dr. J. R. Cunow of San Jose Is at the
Palace with Mrs. Cunow.
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Smith of Santa Crux
are staying at tho Palace.
"W. H. Maloney has returned from New
York, and is at the Palace.
A. E. Kinnan, a mining man of Orovllle,
is registered at the Grand.
A, G. Chase of Starbuck. Minn., Is at
the Occidental witn his wife.
G. W. Dickie has come up from San
Mateo and is at the California.
The gentleman
whopreßides over
the two-bit de
partment of the
Palace devoted to
liquid refresh
ment was ap
proached by a
THE NAME WAS
CERTAINLY
APPROPRIATE.
rather seedy-looking personage yesterday,
who, leaning over the bar, said, with a
gracious wave of the hand: "Make me a
tin roof." "A tin roof," replied he of the
white coat and diamond stud; "what kind
of a drink is that? It is certainly a
new one on me." "Well," said the
Beedy one, "give me the ingredients and
I will show you how to mix it. First,
let's have the whisky." The whisky
bottl© was passed over, and, after pour-
Ing out a good-sized wad the stranger
called for syphon soda, which he squirted
on top until the glass was filled. Then,
lifting it to his J4p», he drained It to the
drega and wandered over to the free
lunch counter, where he toyed with a
sandwich.
"Is that what you call a 'fin roof?"
sneered the man behind the bar. "Why,
that's plain whisky and soda." "I know
It is; but I call It 'tin roof because it is
on the house. Ta-ta." And with a wave
of his hand, the seedy stranger vanished
through the door, and has not been seen
since.
W. J. McCormick, a wealthy banker of
Salt Lake City, is at the Palace.
John Tohmann, a wine grower of St.
Helena, is registered at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Coleman have come down
from Petaluma, and are at the California.
Dr. W. S. George, one of the leading
physicians of Antioch, is a guest at the
Grand.
T. E. L. Taylor of Vancouver, B. C, la
at the Palace. He is accompanied by Mrs.
Taylor.
Judge Edward Sweeny of Redding: has
come down to the city, and is staying: at
the Grand.
R. H. Lewis and wife of Los Angeles
are among yesterday's arrivals at the
Occidental.
Rev. H. L. Dietz has returned to the
city from a three weeks' visit to the
East. While at Milwaukee he married his
eldest daughter, Miss Lillie, to Henry-
Carter, a business man of Fall River,
Mass. Mrs. Carter has a high reputation
in Milwaukee as vice-principal in the
public schools. She is a linguist of no
mean order.
The Pacific Cricket Club met in the par
lors of the Occidental last evening with
"W. Balnaves in the chair and elected the
following officers for the ensuing twelve
months: President, Captain John Met
calfe; first vice-president, W. Balnaves;
second vice-president. R. C. Medcraft;
secretary and treasurer, J. H. Harbour;
captain, E. F. Musson.
0000000000 "Extra" Mulli-
O "pytpa" ° Ran is a newsboy
o fcAIKA q whQ takes hiß
MULLIGAN, stand in front of
o NEWSBOY AND o tne Balcl wl "•
° pnFT where he sells his
o rut I . o war c s to the
0000000000 sports some of
the time and shoots craps with his com
petitors most of the time when he Is in
circumstances. He has quite a reputa
tion among the news-disseminating fra
ternity as a philosopher and a poet. The
following is one of the latest effusions of
his brilliant genius:
What's dc-r use uf slghln' ef yer happen ter
be sad?
What's der use uf cryln" ef yer luck Is ter der
bad?
What's der use uf kickin' ef yer up agin It
hard?
Dere's worms fur every chicken hidin' some
where In der yard.
Ter gadder w!d der fellers ter roll der spotted
cube.
An' blow in all yer yellers like er Shasta
County Rube.
'Til der wad yer sunk fur polpers goes te»
odder hang,
An" yer lsln't wurt a nickel In yer ' garment*
as yer stans.
But what's der use ter weaken? What's del
use ter kick?
Ef yer want ter be er eatin' yer gotter russel
Quick.
Don't stan by an' blubber fer der glad nan"
frum er pard; .... .
Jus' get in yerself an* rubber fer dat reptu m
der yard.
DEMAND FOR AMERICAN HORSES,
The American horse cuts quite a flg~
ure in our foreign trade, and the Ger
man effort to discredit it should receive
proper attention. During eleven montnß
of last year the horses exported from
the United States numbered 42,311, valued
at $5,170.3.59, an average of over $122 a
head. The 5574 shipped to Germany
brought $908,070. Great Britain bought
19,837 paying for them $2,742,949. No com
plaint about their quality or condition
has come from British purchasers. Amer
icans find no fault with German tariffs,
but there is a just feeling of indignation
against a deceitful disparagement of our
Eoductß. the purpose of which is to in
•e their standing in all markets.— St.
uls Globe-Democrat.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE LOWEST TIDES— "W. J. A., City.
The dates of the three lowest tides In
San Francisco during the year 1898 are
January 20, July 3 andJDecember 14.
A MATTER OF CONTRACT— L. A. Tv\,
City. An individual who enters into a
contract is supposed to know what he
is engaging in, and if it does not appear
that he was induced by false representa
tions or fraud to make the contract, be
bound by it.
CENTURY— G., Santa Clara County.
The Century Dictionary is considered
"an eminent authority." That, under the
definition of century, will explain why
the -present century will not close until
the 31st of December, 1900.
DECLARING A HOMESTEAD— A. F..
City. The cost of declaring a homestead
is 58, exclusive of the fee paid the attor
ney who attends to the case. If a piece
of property is of greater value than the
amount of the homestead declaration it
may be declared as a homestead subject
to the mortgage.
CHINESE-A. C. S.. City. There are
no accurate figures to show what the
Chinese population is in San Francisco
at this time, but it is estimated at 20,
000. Since the passage of the law pro
hibiting- the landing of Chinese laborers
in the United States the number of Chi
nese in San Francisco has • diminished
considerably.
ADOPTION— S., City. A person desir
ing to adopt a minor child must make ap
plication to the Superior Court. If the
child is an inmate of an orphan asylum
the application must first be made to
the management of the asylum. The pe^
tltioner must be at least ten years olde*^
than the person adopted. The matter
of adoption is governed in the State or
California by chapter II of the Civil
Code.
SHORT OF FUEL— J. H., City. The
steamer San Pablo left San Francisco
December 9, 1884, bound for China and
Japan, and reached Yokohama Febru
ary 6, 1885. On the passage she met
many head winds and in order to keep
ud against these was forced to use more
coal than usual. Her fuel giving out
she made for the Bonin Islands and put
in at Peel Island, where she obtained a
supply which enabled her to continue her
voyage.
USING A SEINE— R. P. 8., Occidental.
Cal. The fish and game laws say:
"Every persons who, for the purpose of
catching salmon, shad, striped bass or
sturgeon in any of the waters of this
State, fish with, or use any seine or net,
drag net or paranzella, the meshes of
which when closely drawn together and
measures inside the knot less than seven
and one-half inches In length, is guilty
of a misdemeanor."
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
A girl never really appreciates it till she
has once kissed her comb out.
A baby is all right, but it never takes
the place of a bull pup to a man.
Jacob wrestled all night and broke hla
thighbone before he would admit that
women were angels.
There are two ways to every woman's
heart. One her husband knows and the
other she doesn't know herself.
> A girl is never really in love with a man
till she has thought that she would like to
sit and watch him while he was asleep.
When a woman gets a letter that begins
"Dear Sir" she always feels too proud for
anything; when a man gets one that be
gins "Dear Madam" it makes him mad. t
■ ♦ ' — — -' '.? ■
A choice present for Eastern friends,
Townsend's California Glace fruits. 50c Ib,
in Japanese baskets or fire etched boxes. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public - men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
AN EXPLANATION CALLED FOR.
How does Mr. Bryan explain the Omaha
Exposition? Explain? Why, •of course,
it needs explanation; for it tells of that
prosperity which Mr. Bryan still Insists
doesn't exist.— Burlington (la.) Hawkeye.
■ • ■
The best appetizer and regulator of the diges
tive organs is Angostura Bitters, prepared
by Db. T. G. B. Siegkrt & Sons. .• .
Loss of hair, which often mars the prettiest face,
prevented by Parker's Hair Hai.sam.
Parker's Ginger Toxic alleviates suffering-.
■ ♦ ■
SUFFERERS FROM COUGHS, SORE THROAT, etc.,
should be constantly; supplied; with :" .Brow*'*
Bronchial Troche*." . Avoid imitations.
-- ..■..■■■■— . ■ » ■ .-.
SAVE OUR STONE FORESTS.
Land Commissioner Herman of Arizona
urges the Federal Government to set
apart the petrified forests of that terri
tory as a public reservation. The sug
gestion seems to be an excellent one. We
ought to be able to pass along to the next
generation at least our stone forests. The
remainders of the wooden ones are In a
fair way not to outlast this generation. —
Springfield Republican.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Many a cook's reputation
has been made by her use
of Royal Baking Powder.BREAK DOWN
OF THE PINTA
Got No Further Than
Meiggs Wharf on Her
Way to San Diego.
Her Boilers Leaked and No
Head of Steam Could Be
Held on Them.
Cver Forty Tons of Tea Sent Back
to China on the Steamer City
or Peking.
The United Sta.es gunboat Pinta did
not get away for San Diego as expect
ed yesterday, nor is she likely to
leave port inside of two weeks. This
is rather hard on the companies of the
raval reserve at Santa Barbara and
Fan Diego, as they prepared to
give the vessel a fitting reception next
Sunday and Monday.
The Pinta was turned over to the
F'.ate last week !<-- the commandant at
Mare Island for the use of Los Angeles
jiavnl reserve. She was thoroughly
overhauled at the navy-yard, and dur
ing her dock trial everything worked
satisfactorily. Thursday last she was
taken alongside Mission-street wharf
end coaled for her voyage down the
coast. About 5 p. m. Captain Louis
31. Turner and his officers went aboard
and an hour later the gunboat was
given a preliminary trial on the bay.
Everything seemed to work well, and
B start was made for the Golden Gate.
"When the engines were opened up it
found that the boilers v ?re leak
ing, and that they could not hold
enough steam to drive the gunboat a
knot an hour against the tide. She was
accordingly anchored off Meiggs
wharf, and yesterday she drifted and
steamed down with the tide to her
eld anchorage off Folsom street.
Having accepted her from Uncle
Fam the State will have to foot the
bill for her repairs. These will take
about a fortnight, and then another
attempt will be made to get the gun
boat to San Diego.
Talk about "taking coal to Newcas
tle," the steamer City of Peking, which
Bailed for the Orient last Thursday,
took away over forty tons of tea for
China. The anomaly is easily ex
plained. The tea was shipped from
Hongkong here for use in Chinatown.
It did not come up to the Government
standard, and was ordered exported or
it would be destroyed. The Chinese in
sisted that the tea was what their
countrymen liked and appealed the
matter to Washington. Uncle Sam's
Appraisers replied that no matter how
much the Chinese liked that class of
tea, it was detrimental to health, and
being below the standard it must be
disposed of inside of two months. The
stuff was worth in bond here nearly
J14.000, so its owners thought it better
to Fend it back to China and pay a
second freight bill than have a total
loss on their hands.
Besides the tea the Peking took away
ia valuable cargo, among which was
£450 oales of cotton, valued at $53,000.
Ovlntr to the heavy fog that hung
over th< nay yesterday the ferry boats
were only able to make hourly trips up
to 1 o'clock. There were no casualties.
The coast survey boat. Patterson's
launch, ran amuck yesterday moaning.
"While making a landing at Foisom-
Btreet wharf the engines stuck on th.?
crater and would not reverse. The
launch was going full speed and came
v ithin an ace of cutting down the gas
oline launch Athlete. She ran between
two piles, which stopped her progress.
The awning was torn away and the
Bides of the launch scraped, but other
>vise the damage was slight.
The Southern Pacific's big ferry
steamer Solano broke down yesterday
morning, and for several hours the
passenger trains had to come around
T>y way of Martinez. The steamer was
repaired during the afternoon and re
turned her usual run.
The schooners Nettie Sundborg and
Jteiiance, inward bound, were incollision
off the Heads yesterday. The wind fell
Jight and they drifted together, so the
(damage was slight.
The best lead pencil in the world is the
♦'Koh-I-Noor." Try it. •
SERGEANT SHEA
FALSELY ACCUSED
3His Record in Chinatown De-
clared Beyond Reproach
by Chief L-ees.
Report That McDonald Was Discrim
inating Against Judge Campbell
Without Foundation.
Rumors recently circulated that lottery
and fan-tan were again In full blast in
Chinatown, and that the presence of Ser
geant Shea and posse In the Mongolian
district seemed to serve as a stimulus to
Illegal gambling were declared based on
falsehood by Chief Lees last evening. "I
have Sergeant Shea'B report .In my posses
sion," said the Chief, "and it is entirely
patisfactory. His record since he has
been in charge of the Chinatown squad
Is a good one and he will be kept there."
Sergeant Shea is one of the most effi
cient officers in the police department,
and it is broadly hinted that those who
were instrumental in circulating the re
ports against him had an object in view;
the object of getting him removed from
the Mongolian quarter that a less vigilant
eergeant might be put in his place, which
would be beneficial to a certain combina
tion that now finds its road a hard one.
Bince Sergeant Shea was placed in charge
of Chinatown he has arrested Chinese
gamblers numbering into the thousands,
and in consequence a vast revenue has
flowed into the treasury. The report that
Sergeant McDonald, who daily assigns
the police court cases, was discriminating
against Judge Campbell, and has refused
to send Chinese gambling cases to his
department of the lower court, as the
Judge refused to "stand in," and had
threatened to Impose a heavy fine on any
gambler proved guilty in his court, is
also vehemently denied. Sergeant Mc-
Donald points to the records of the court
to prove that the statement is based on
falsehood, and to the action of Judge
Campbell, when seventeen Chinese eases
■were before him last week, as sufficient
evidence regarding his stand In the mat
ter. When the seventeen cases referred
to were called before Judge Campbell,
Froscuting Attorney Spinetti Informed
the court that the pri«oners were willing
to plead guilty in event no larger fine
than $10 in each cape was imposed for
the offense committed. Judge Campbell
refused to consider the proposition, and
the result was that the cases were heard
and all the prisoners dismissed. This ac
tion on the part of Judge Campbell goes
to prove the untruth of the report regard
ing Sergeant McDonald, and that official
will continue to assign the cases and Ser
geant Shea will continue to give the casea
to assign.
Harker's Will Admitted.
em.* »m of Charles G. Barker, wb.o
She was sent out from the Mare Island Navy-yard in what was supposed to be first-class order, but when the
members of the naval reserve came to get steam on her boilers they began to leak. The gunboat started for San
Diego In charge of Captain Louis Turner last Thursday evening, but only got as far as Meiggs wharf. It will take
at least two weeks to make the necessary repairs before the vessel can go to sea.
mysteriously disappeared from Berkeley
on July 3, is%, was admitted to probate
yesterday. Prior to the admittance of
the will much evidence was heard regard
ing the young mans disappearance and
the theory that he had either jumped or
fallen into the bay to his death. The
estate left by Harkor is valued at about
$3500 and is bequeathed tn his relatives.
Rheumatism, kidney* liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordln'sSanltnrium.sl4Pine,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
MBS. HINCKLEY VICTORIOUS.
Judge Seawell Sustains Her De
murrer to the Complaint of
Boswell M. Blythe.
The dream of wealth of Boswell M.
Blvthe. who recently instigated suit
against Florence Blythe Hinckley in
which he attacked the decrees heretofore
rendered by Judge Coffey and by the
Supreme Court, establishing her title to
the Blythe block, came to a sudden end
ing yesterday. Yesterday morning the
demurrer of Florence Blythe H "ckley to
the complaint of Boswell M. Bl>the Was
argued before Judge Seawell. and tne
court summarily sustained It and ordered
judgment entered accordingly
In the pleadings the complainant al
leged that owing to the ,* act * ha i._Y"!;
Hinckley was not born in the Lnited
States and was not here until after the
death of Thomas H. Blythe she could not
under the statutes of California, inh. erit
the property. The stand of the plaintiff
die? not favorably impress Judge SeawriK
and in consequence he rendered decision
number twenty-nine in favor of the de
fendant.
IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
Judge Campbell Sustained by the
Superior Criminal Judges in
Bank.
Judge James A. Campbell's decision in
the case of A. Sweet, of the Great Amer
ican Tea Importing Company, who was
charged with having violated a local or
dinance regarding gift enterprises wa*
sustained by Judges Wallace Cook and
Dunne, sitting in bank .yesterday; A\ hen
Judgr^mW^ S£ It^ «'<
on the cround that the ordinance was
SSconstltSSonal Considerable comment
was made on the decision of the lower
rmfrt and an appeal was taken on be
halJ of the people. Yesterday morning
the case wa. argued before the three
Criminal Judges, who sat in bank. Short
lyatter the case was submitted the court
found that the decision of Judge Camp
bell was proper and ordered it sustained
and The charge against Sweet dismissed
as ordered by the lower court.
CANNOT PAY PENSIONS.
Threatened Shortage in the Funds of
the Teachers' Annuity As
sociation.
The Teachers' Annuity Fund Associa
tion of the School Department met yester
day to consider whether or not Its pur
poses could be carried out. Principal Jo
seph O'Connor of the Horace Mann
SC lt°was^ e t! d ted that there were already
fifteen teachers on the pension roll de
pending on the funds of the association
for support and that there were three
more teachers whose terms of service en
titled them to be enrolled.
The belief was expressed that the pres
ent funds at the command of the associa
tion would not meet the demands on its
resources and that other means must be
found to increase the income. Further
consideration was deferred until a future
meeting. _
Short Stories
About Judge Hunt, W. Mitchell Bunker,
Dick Tobin, Ned Townsend, James G.
McGuire, and other prominent citizens
make the Looker-On an interesting page
in to-day's News Letter. A caustic chap
ter on crank societies of San Francisco;
strong editorials on current topics; ex
cellent literary selections; the Town
Crier's sharp parr^raphs; society's do
ings, sparks and domestic criticisms fill
the News Letter from cover to cover with
matter entertaining, interesting and in
structive. *
Sues for His Father's Death.
Alexander W. MacNichol, through his
guardian. Johanna MacNichol, has sued
the Market Street Railway Company to
recover $25,000 damages for the death of
his father. Howard MacXichol. who was
killed by a car on Misison street last De
cember." The deceased had alighted from
a westbound car and was on his way to
the sidewalk when he was struck by a
car going in the opposite direction and
killed.
PREPARING FOR A GRAND CELEBRATION
The celebration of St. Patrick's day this year will be one of the
most Imposing ever held in this city. The committee having the ar
rangements in hand will leave nothing undone to make it one that will
commemorate the gallant Wolf Tone and the patron saint of the Emer
ald Isle. The entire proceeds erf the two projected entertainments will
be turned over to the "98 Monument Association" as the contribution
of San Francisco toward the erection of a monument in memory of
Wolf Tone.
Jeremiah Mahoney, president of the Monument Association, will visit
Ireland early In the summer, and take with him the proceeds of the
celebration, together with the funds now being collected in this city by
popular subscription.
Never in the history of San Francisco was there such harmony ex
isting among the Irish-American societies as at present. With the ex
ception of the County Leitrim Club, which intends holding a celebra
tion of its own, all of the local Irish- American societies have sent rep
resentatives to the St. Patrick's Day Convention.
The convention is composed of representative citizens who have but
one idea in view, and that is success. Not a few of them are at a
loss to their private interests, devoting much time in arranging the de
tails of a celebration that will find a prominent place in the history of
the local Irish-American societies. It is their idea to make St. Patrick's
day one that will be long remembered, and at the same time bring a
generous contribution to the Wolf Tone monument fund.
There will be an entertainment at Woodward's Pavilion in the aft
ernoon and another in the evening. The afternoon programme will con
sist of stereopticon views of Ireland, Irish jig dancing and songs and
recitations. M. M. Estee will deliver an oration In the evening, and
Professor Hickey of St. Ignatius College will read a poem appropriate
to the occasion. The remainder of the evening programme will be coiv
tributed by professional taJent from the leading theaters of the city.
THE BASF FKAXCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
THE DISABLED GUNBOAT PINTA.
TO BRING IN
THE BUYERS
Successful Movement of
Last Fall Will Be Re
peated This Month.
Free Return Tickets From
Here Offered Country
Merchants.
Manufactvirerß* and Wholesalers'
League Expects a Throng
of Applicants.
The success of the annex movement
of the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association of California In bringing
buyers to the city last fall has encour
aged another and similar effort, which
will be inaugurated on the 16th of this
month. It will be known as the Man
ufacturers' and "Wholesalers' League,
and while differing in some details
from the previous plan, it will be on a
broader and more liberal basis.
The Call reviewed the autumn move
ment fully at the time, when it was
shown that the merchants of San
Francisco who had participated in it
had been benefited largely at a trifling
cost, and that it had accomplished
much in the advertising of th£ city as
a depot for manufacturing supplies and
merchandise, superior to the Eastern
market. It was the activity of Eastern
drummers that caused the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association to
cast about for some way to stop the
diversion of trade from this city and to
induce the buyers of the coast and ad
joining States to recognize the advan
tages offered here.
Now the buyers are to be given a re
turn ticket to their homes free, as last
time, but a wider territory is to be cov
ered and a much more extended list
of local houses will be embraced in the
directory of firms, from any of whom
goods may be purchased to secure the
ticket. Transportation is offered over
more roads and a more pliant and at
tractive agreement made with the in
tending travelers.
The management of the Manufactur
ers' and Wholesalers' League has been
at work for several months perfecting
the arrangements for the present cam
paign and obtaining the necessary
concessions from the railroad and
steamship companies. Strong efforts
were made to increase the member
ship of the league above that of last
fall, and the directory indicates a rep
resentative body of the prominent and
energetic larger dealers of the city.
Among the lines are: Agricultural im
plements, bags and tents, belting, bi
cycles, books, boots and shoes, ladies'
shoes, brass and foundry goods, candy
manufacturers, carpets and house fur
nishings, chairs and rattan ware,
cloths and trimmings, coal, cordage,
crockery and glassware, dairy and
farming implements, drugs, fancy
goods, furniture, gentlemen's furnish
ing goods, guns, ammunition and
sporting goods, groceries, hardware,
harness and leather, iron and steel,
jewelry manufacturers, lithographers
and engravers, lumber, machinery, mil
linery and straw goods, paints and oils,
pickles and preserves, picture frames,
printing, provisions and dairy produce,
rubber goods, salt, school and office
furniture, seeds and plants, silk thread,
silks and tailors' goods, stationery,
stoves and ranges, terra cotta and
pressed brick, trunks and bags, toys
and notions, window glass, wines and
liquors, wire and wire rope, wood and
willow ware, Yankee notions and smok-
ing materials.
Ezra W. Keeler, the special repre
sentative of the association, is in charge
of the league, which is under the su
pervision of Edward Everett, chairman
of the executive committee. Mr. Keel
er says that the different branches of
trade desirable to be reached are taken
from Bradstreet's and other commercial
agents' records, while the experience of
last year has already given a valuable
list of buyers who may be brought here
if properly approached.
The time limit of the offer is from
March 16 to April 16. Buyers are re
quired to have one of the league blanks
signed by the transportation agent
from whom they purchase their ticket,
and to register on arrival at the office
of the league, in the Mills building.
They must have bought goods to an
amount In excess of twenty times the
cost of a return ticket from the mem
bers of the league. The ticket given to
buyers is first class, and the travel is
limited from and to stations located up
on the Southern Pacific Company's
roads west of El Paso and Ogden; Port
land and south of Portland, Ore., the
San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railroad, Santa Fe Pacific, west of Al
buquerque, and Southern California
Railway, and Pacific Coast Steamship
Line, viz.:
Between Pan Francisco and San Die
go and all way ports of call. San Fran
cisco and ports of call in Mexico as fol
lows viz.: Ensenada and San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, La Paz. Guaymas. San
Francisco and Victoria, B. C, Port
Townsend, Seattle and Tacoma. San
Francisco and Eureka (Humboldt Bay,
Cal.)
It is expected that the cost to the
members will be less than 2 per cent on
sales, as the expense of the return tick
ets is divided among the members pro
rata according to the £~oss of each
firm's saU'S to out-of-tcrwn buyers. To
each of these will be presented a cloth
bound directory, now being got out
by the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association, which gives a concise
statement of all the interests of Cali
fornia, and makes a powerful plea for
home products and industries.
CHARGED WITH
EMBEZZLEMENT
Attorney Burnette G. Haskell
Arrested on the Complaint
of a Client.
Jesse T. Tate, Executor of an Estate,
Wanted for Getting Away With
the Funds.
Attorney Burnette G. Haskell was ar
rested yesterday on two complaints
charging him with embezzlement. He was
released on his own recognizance by
Judge Joachimsen.
The complaining witness !s Noble Fisher
of Sacramento, who alleges that he held
a mortgage on the steamer Thomas
Dwyer. About seven months ago he em-
I ployed Haskell to foreclose on the mort
j gage and the steamer was put up for
! sale. Haskell bought her In his own
name and immediately sold her again for
$4000. He got $1675 in coin and took a
mortgage on her for the balance of $2325.
Fisher repeatedly applied for an account
ing without avail, and finally he brought
suit in Judge Hebbard's court for the re
turn of the original mortgage. Ho got
Judgment, but Haskell appealed to the
Supreme Court, and the case is still pend-
The particular charges on which Has
kell has been arrested are for embezzling
$945 on September 1 last, and for em
bezzling $250 on September 7.
Another case of embezzlement will be
heard in Judge Conlan's court. Yesterday
! Attorney F. W. Van Reynegom swore to
a complaint charging Jesse T. Tate, ex
ecutor of the estate of Caroline Taber,
with embezzling $1969. The money was
given Tate on August 6 last during the
progress of the proceedings in the Pro
bate Court, and it is alleged that he spent
It all recklessly on his own pleasures.
Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Hogan
took two days to Investigate the matter,
but he was so satisfied of the facts that
he willingly issued he complaint yeßter
day.
AN ATTORNEY'S RUSE.
George Hayford Wanted for Obtain
ing Money by False Pretenses.
Attorney George Hayford, who some
months ago received such a severe verbal
castigation from Judge Conlan, Is wanted
by the police on a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses.
The complaining witness is William
Allen proprietor of the Ralston restau
rant, '783 Market street. On February 12
Hayford partook of a meal in his restau
rant, and in payment gave him a check
on the Union Trust Company for J5, re
ceiving the change. \N hen Allen present
ed the check at the bank it was marked
"not sufficient funds. He was told that
Hayford had 45 cents at his credit for
some time, and he had been asked repeat
edly to withdraw it, as several people
had presented checks for small amounts
which could not be honored . *
The police ascertained that Hayford has
been giving checks to several people in
the same way as to Allen, and they ad
vised htm to swear to the warrant for
his arrest. ..
Hayford was arrested some months ago
for swindling Mrs. Susan Cunningham, a
widow, who had placed some money In
his hands for investment. He was held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan, but managed to beat the
case.
Superior Judges In Bank.
Superior Judges Wallace, Cook and
Dunne sat in bank yesterday morning
and disposed of two appeals from the
Police Court. John J. Coffey, the attor
ney appeared and sought to have the
Judgment of the lower court reversed,
which found him guilty of threatening to
have Fred Nobmann arrested on a charge
of perjury if the latter refused to pay
him $150. The judgment was affirmed and
Coffey was given tlve days in which to
settle the fine imposed by the lower court.
$150 In case the fine is not paid by that
[time the attorney must go to Jail.
LADY CYCLISTS
ARE INSULTED
Experience of Mrs. White
and Mrs. Higgins
in the Park-
Peter Gallagher and Thomas
Dolan Arrested on Their
Complaint.
Judge Campbell so Incensed at Their
Conduct That He Raises Their
Bonds to $1000.
Judge Campbell seems determined to
make an example of two men who ap
peared before him yesterday morning
to answer to a charge of using vulgar
language to two ladies.
Thursday afternoon Mrs. E. I*
White, 1418 Grove street, and Mrs.
Florence Higgins, 617 Lyon street, who
are enthusiastic bicyclists, went out
to the park to enjoy a ride on their
wheels. When they reached the end
of the speed track they dismounted
and sat chatting on a bench.
While there two men In a buggy
drove up to them and began to inter
rupt their conversation. The ladies re
fused to recognize their presence for
some time, which angered them, and
they let loose on them a shower of ex
pletives that made the ladies cover
their ears with their hands. They
continued their persecution till the
ladies became thoroughly incensed,
and they threatened to have them ar
rested. The men laughed at them and
drove off with a parting shot of filthy
abuse.
The ladies mounted their bicycles
and followed the buggy till they met ,
Park Policeman Kavanaugh. They
hurriedly told him of the manner in
which they had been insulted, and
pointed to the two men in the buggy j
which was being driven at a break- j
neck speed. Kavanaugh put spurs to
his horse, and, after a chase of a con
siderable distance, overtook the buggy
and called upon the occupants to stop.
They reluctantly did so, and Kavan
augh placed them under arrest. They
were taken from the buggy and sent to
the City Prison, where a charge of
using vulgar language was booked
against them. They were unable to
give bail, and spent the night in the
prison. They gave their names as
Peter Gallagher, a blacksmith, and
Thomas Dolan, a soapmaker.
Yesterday morning the cases were
called in Judge Campbell's court. The
two ladies were present and swore to
complaints charging the two men with
using vulgar language toward them.
"When the cases were called the Juuge
was impressed with the appearance of
the ladies. He asked them what was
the natuFe of the case, and when they
told him of the language used toward
them his whiskers shook with sup
pi essed anger.
The defendants said they were not
ready to proceed, and asked for a con
tinuance. The Judge continued the
cases till Monday, and staggered the j
defendants by announcing that he !
would fix their bonds in $1000 each. |
The two defendants were taken back
to the prison, and there is small chance
of their being released on bonds. They
were considerably crestfallen at the |
action of the Judge.
PROBABLY A SUICIDE.
Alfred Barwick, a Soldier of the
Salvation Army, Found Dead in
Bed With Morphine.
"Was Alfred Barwick a morphine fiend,
or did he buy the drug for the purpose
of committing suicide?
The vial of morphine pills found at his
bedside yesterday in his room at 836 Com
mercial "street, when the Coroner*^ depu
ties called for the purpose of removing his
body to the Morgue, originally contained
100 "pills of one-quarter grain each, but
there were not more than fifty or sixty
of the pills left.
The appearance of the corpse was that
of a man who had died from morphine
poisoning. Four of these pills would be
fatal If taken by a person unaccustomed
to the use of the drug. The deceased left
no writing behind him throwing any light
on the subject of his death; whether it
was accidental or suicidal. He was a
member of the Salvation Army, and noth
ing unusual had been noticed about his
manner by his associates.
The deceased was a native of Canada,
about 40 years old, and was a cook by
occupation. The contents of the stom
ach were taken In charge by Chemist
Morgan of the Morgue. •
Who Owns the Purse.
Mrs. Moos, 529 A Hayes street, found a
purse In her baby's carriage yesterday
afternoon, which she turned over to the
police. The carriage had been left In the
hallway while the front door was open,
and some person passing had evidently
thrown the purse Into It. As the purse
was empty, the police believe that It had
been stolen from the owner and thrown
Into the carriage by the thief after being
rifled of its content?. The purse is a
valuable one. and has the name "Mrs.
Jones" In gold letters on it.
THE CAUSE OF DYSPEPSIA
From the Republican. Pcranton, Pa.
The most common of all human ail
ments is deranged digestion; the most ag
gravating disease inherited by man, dys
pepsia.
The primary cause of dyspepsia is lack
of vitality; the absence of nerve force;
the loss of the life-sustaining elements
of the blood.
No organ can properly perform Its
functions when the source of nutriment
fails. When the stomaoh Is robbed of the
nourishment demanded by nature, as
similation ceases, unnatural gases are
generated; the entire system responds to
the discord.
A practical illustration of the symp
toms and torture of dyspepsia Is furnished
by the case of Joseph T. Vandyke, 440
Hickory street. Scran ton, Pa.
In teiyng his story, Mr. Vandyke says:
"Five years ago I was afflicted with a
trouble of the stomach, which was very
aggravating. I had no appetite, could not
enjoy myself at any time, and especially
was the trouble severe when I awoke in
the morning. I did not know what the
ailment was, but it became steadily worse
and I was in constant misery.
"I called in my family physician, and
he diagnosed the case as catarrh of tne
stomach. He prescribed for me, and I
had his prescription filled. I took pearly
all of the medicine, but still the trouble
became worse, and I felt that my condi
tion was hopeless. I tried several reme
dies recommended by my friends, but with
out benefit. After I had been suffering
several months, Thomas Campbell, also a
resident of this c»cy, urged me to try Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.
"He finally persuaded me to buy a box,
and I began to use the pills according to
directions. Before I had taken the second
box I began to feel relieved, and after
taking a few more boxes I considered
myself restored to health. The pills gave
me new life, strength, ambition and hap
niness."
Dr Williams' Pink Pills cure dyspepsia
by restoring to the blood the requisite
constituents of life, by renewing the
nerve force and enabling the stomach to
promptly and properly assimilate the
food These pills are a specific for all
diseases having their origination in im
poverished blood or disordered nerves.
They contain every element requisite to
general nutrition to restore strength to
[ the weak, good health to the ailing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P^l^Kffi The Watchdog For The Klondike.
BrvL^^PTvi ooc^ en<^ na me and address on a
gs^Kk^^4 )J P osta^ carc^ or J 4B-page illustrated
iSlw^tt^^^SflHwKP Sßcß^N ' a f*"TtTIOtTVIG It IS I TOG "*^
C-^Bfi^^^^" y Winchester Repeating Arms Co., \
I The Rush to the Klondike | (
« A Hundred Thousand Prospectors this Year — Is there Room for «
<S - - Them ? — How to Go, What to Take, and the Mining Ok
fR • Methods, with thirty illustrations. 1 . X£
g» By S. S. Bush, President of the Railroad Building over Chilkoot Pass V
0 The MARCH REVIEW OF REVIEWS contains several other &
5 notable articles: " The Prevention of Lynching the Zola- Ok
Dreyfus Affair interviews with Zola, Nordau, and Drumont;
6 The Blowing-up of the Maine," the De Lome incident, and the (0
S present situation of Spain and the United States; "Silver in the Ok
>X Next Campaign "; " Election Schools in St. Louis"; and about fifty
dP other subjects of immediate interest. • **'*'^-h'-»"w W
y^ No American Should Miss This Number \ J0
S For Sale on all News-stands, 25 Cents, or address ' . &
5| The Review of Reviews Co., 13 Astor Place, New York Qk
MOT ANCIENT
I" HISTORY,
BUT THE FACTS OF TO-DAY
Told in a forceful way by
Editor JAMES H. BARRY
And other writers in
ASK YOUR NEWSDEALER
FOR IT.
5 Gents a Copy.
Subscription $1.50 Per Year..
Address L W. LOVEY, 429 Mont-
gomery street. '
000000 oo o 000 000
S#* PALACE "■"!?%
% GRAND hotels °
*1 SAN FRANCISCO. q
*^ Connected by a. covered passageway. ~*
© 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
O Ai.i. dram Onf, Management. O
'. O NOTE THE REDUCED PRICES : O
©European Plan. Sl.OOperday and upward -»
American P1an.8»3.00 per day and upward *»
i © . Correspondence Solicited. O
< q JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. q
© 000000000000000
MADE ME A -MAN
s«r**> AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
/-yn..ia JizX,Jf*rvous iM#ea«e*-Fatllng Mem-
' gf — ._) <»7i Impotenoy, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
V *r| by Abase or other Excesses and Indts-
>. Jml oretlons, Thru <julcklu and. turely
• \ *wr re«tore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
jtS^M^, fit a man for study, business or marriage.
*&zjZsH^f. Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in time. Their use shows immediate fmproTo-
ment and effects a CUBE where all ether fail In-
sist npoa having the genuine Ajax Tablets. Th»y
have cared thousands and -illcureyoa.We«—i a pos-
itive written guarantee to offset a cure Cfl nTC in
eaohoaMor refund the money. Prio* «U W» I Wipar
package; or six pktres (fall treatment) for $2.50. By
mail. In plain w repper. upon receipt of price. rircnJtu
AJAX REMEnYCO..- ?9 f^ I>or -? s '
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnitz So Co.,
MO Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 953 Mkt.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S <>">-'
J&f Museum of Anatomy
Igjfigft _C6l IJA2ZET ST. Iet. Ctb i 7th, S. F. C»L
Q ~« " W The L»r t it of Its kind In th? World.
.ICT.I DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
lk«*'^ 8L Contolutlaa free. Vriie for Book .
HI WPh\\nQph)'lii % Marriage.
A U MAILED FREE.'
H^^^^^H^Wowill send yon a fire (5) day trial
_T UCIII treatment of the French Remedy
W "Itl'H CALTHOB Tree (»• I. 0. D'») and
I DC-*Sp m • legal guarantee that C—LXHOSwiil
I/PC 1 « STOP DUoh mre'-i and Emissions,
__.ilfll.'. i 1fll.' '■-» CrßE.«percnatorrlir»,Varle«eelc
Br N[V*H - nd BESTOUE Lo.t Vigor. *.+
jfe_aato__B It costs you nothing to try It.
| VOflMohlCO. 44OB8olfAnifritm»l U.CUtl.»»U 1 a
AMUSEMENTS.
LABT DAY
TVUINIING FAIR!
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
SOUVKNIRS. 10 A. M. TO 5 P. M.
The Dazßlintr. i Humorous, Laughter-provok-
ing Great Colored Cake Walk Jubilee. Camp
Meeting Son»s. "Rag Time" Dances.
"RASTUS OX PARADE."
This occurs at 3:30 p. m.-Only Cake Walk
Held In the Afternoon. Chance for Ladles and
Children. Children's Admission. 10c. Given
Bags of Candy. 10 va. m. to 6p. m. r~
NATIVE SONS' and DAUGHTERS' DAY.
Programme Besides Rogers' Opening
Remarks, P. J. Healy; Address by Mr George
D Clark and Past Grand Presidents Frank D.
Ryan of Sacramento, ; Frank L. Coombs of
Napa and John T. : Greaney of San Francisco;
Poem;- Patriotic Sor.g; Presentation of Golden i
Key to the Grand President. George D. Clark; .
Presentation Address, R. P. Doolan.
Great Welter-weight Contest— Four-round Ex-
hibition. Full of "Go" and "Ginger," by the
Champion • TOMMY RYAN ; vs. t< HENRY
BAKKR. Billy Jordan, Referee. Don t Miss It.
■ Auction Sale Afternoon and Night of Goods
Donated for Maine Relief Fund. • ' *
Admission No Higher Than Usual, namely, 25c.
■ ; Children, : 15c. -..■
SMALLER THAN A THOUGHT!
CHIQUITA
THE TINIEST TOT THAT EVER HAP-
PENED, , RECEIVES AT
THE • . • CHUTES
Every Afternoon and Evening. Rain or Shine.
■ A great Vaudeville bill in the Free Theater.
' 10c to all. including Vaudeville; children. 5c .
CM VMDI4 Corner of Ninon anJ r
: • ULl '" lnA , . Eddy Slrwt*. • : .;
; America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
.Great new bill of artists— AßNELDO, STAR-
KEY & RATHBUN. ' SIMONS. CECIL
MARION, - SENORITA INEZ. MLLE. AN-
TONETTE, MILLER, PUNTA. and other*.
Admission, free.: * -— 
■. 7 . ;:■:■;«;.■:■.;.- .-,- IJX-: ;•:■.;/ : .' \r ''■:■-" ';,:■ .■ :' ■ •-,-
AMUSEMENTS.
iiliDiAnota GOTHOB ac«H9S(i»a«u««i»
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT.
•ROBIN HOOD!"
Beginning Next Monday— Last Week.
THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL BOSTONIANS.
Monday and Tuesday— First Time Here-
Jules Jordan's Version— "RIP VAN WIN-
KLE." Wednesday— "THE SERENADE."
Remainder of Week— "ROBIN HOOD." ..
Monday, March 14— The Mysterious Mr. Bugle.
cMialrc
JRIEOIANO£H &OTUOB aCussti* »«•■«»
M ATINEE to-day. -' » ' ; V
To-n!ght and i Sunday— Last Performances.
The Accomplished Actress, .
—MARIE WAINWRIGHT
In the New Domestic Drama,
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER?"
NEXT MONDAY— & West's Min-
strels.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), MARCH 6.
• Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c, Any Part.
I WHITNEY BROS., Novelty Musical Artists;
DRAWEE the Modern Juggler; JOE and NEL-
LIE DONER. Comedians; SMART and WIL-
LIAMS Ebony Comedy: UNA PANTZEK.
DAMMAN TROUPE. MAUD BEALL PRICE,
GEORGE W. DAY and the BIOGRAPH. Last
tiiirht of FILSON & ERROL, In their great
comedy. "Men vs. Women." Also of the BIO-
GRAPH, with view of Battleship Maine.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
| MRS. Erxkbtixe Kuelixg. Proprietor _ Mariajar
| THIS EVENING— OUR GREAT SUCCESS
The Japanese Musical Comedy, :
"the"
GEISHA!
! .— ■— .— — —
A story of a tea-house.
Superb Cast, Splendid Chorus, Efficient Or-
chestra, Magnificent Scenery. Costumes and
Effects. A Delightful Picture or Life in the
I Orient. - „ _ . „.
j Popular Prices »c ana mm
_ -r a-T A rr A I~\ SEATS BY
I ALCAZAR, M.TSSE"-
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW (SVNDAT).
Last Three Performances of
"FALSE SHAME!"
MONDAY NIGHT— N. C. Goodwin's Great-
r_g__gg-s_j»ifc-> >
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
I Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Fourth week of the Popular and Talented
! Actor. HARRY MAINHALL ' __._
: In the Initial Production of the Great Nau-
tical Melodrama.
"SAVED FROM THE SEA!"
! Founded on Fact and stranger than fiction.
: Great explosion and wreck scene In mid-
i ocean. Tensatlonal collapse of the suspension
br Ev^ning prices. 10c. 25c, 50c. Matinees , Sat-
urday and Sunday. .
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
TWO STAKES!
BOTH CRACKS!
OLD DOGS-
PUPPIES!
SATDKDAY IP. M. SUNDAY II A. M.
11 COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
March sth and 6th.
Great open event for fifty-eight all-age grey-
hounds. $s<X> purse added by association.
Also Bl»_C___ MATCH HACK between
"Master Jack" and "O'Grady," for $10u purse,
best two of three courses.
Coursing Commences — SATURDAY, 1:30:
SUNDAY. 11:30.
Take Southern Pacific trains. leaving Third
and Townsend and Twenty-fifth and \aleneia
streets. Saturday. 11:30 and 12:45 (special).
Sunday. 11 (special), 11:30 and 1:80 (special).
Returning train leaves at 5 p. m. and imme-
diately after last course. Round trip fare, a
Also San Mateo electric cars, transferring to
and from the Market Street System.
Admission, 25 cents; Ladles, free.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING from MONDAY, Feb. 21, to
SATU RDAY, March 5, inclusive.
Fiye or More Races Daily. Rain or SMne.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
Is. P. B. R. Trains 1 1 :45 and l : 1 5 P. M. Dally.
Leave Third street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after
the races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny street and Mission street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fill— tore street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
i
78
LIVELY TIMES
FOR
COLLEGE MEN.
The genial warmth of early spring has
len. its Influence to college athletics. At
both the colleges there is now an activity
on the diamond and track that presages
a most successful and interesting season.
With a little more than a month to per
fect his physical condition, the college
athlete is working earnestly and assid
uously to make a place on the team
which will represent his alma mater in
the lists. * . -
Early in the week there came from r'alo .
Alto a wall of mourning that set the
dead a-wee P ing. John Brunton, sprinter,
record-breaker, track captain, on whose
prowess as a male Atlantis Stanford
students would bank their all. has been
obliged to quit the university for at least
a month, on account of the illness of his
father Brunton may return, but his
time for training before the spring games
will be limited to the smallest margin.
It is a lamentable fact that Stanford
is to lose the best efforts of their idonzed
sprinter, for with i>runton in the best
condition and Drum of California in the
same race, a contest of winged feet would
bo seen such as is seldom presented on
California tracks. Brunton was first ad
vanced as a 440-yard runner of wonderful
achievements. His sway was undisputed
until he met Drum last year, and then
the refulgence of Brunton's glory was
dimmed. Brunton's special event is now
the short sprints. It is a great pity that
Drum will not be tested in all these
events, for he Is a young man with but
a season of collegiate training, and his
natural abilities as a sprinter are such
that improve with steady application in
an unparalleled degree. _
Blrtch is the understudy of Brunton.
but he cannot supply the necessary ma
terial to supply the aching void. He has
not been training regularly showing a
laxity in this respect anything but en
couraging for the Cardinals' chances in
the sprints. It was thought that a
sprinter of ability was discovered in
Weatherwax. but he also has displayed
evidences of reinissness which, if con
tinued, will place him hors dv combat.
The old men of last year's Stanford
team are training faithfully. Mot anight
escapes them, and their work is improv
ing steadily. Walker, temporary track
captain, is the most arduous and enthu
siastic of all the track men, although
Dole and Morgan are not less faithful
:to the trust placed in their hands.
. Fiekert seems to be the only star among
the weight men. Stanford needs an in
fusion of new blood into the weight ag
gregation, or else Fickert will have^ a
burden to bear which even his mighty
* h ßn d t£ mond SU P c° r Cardlnal has at
last realized its decline, and now efforts
are being mad* to reattain its former
Supremacy. Last Saturday, at Central
Park Stanford played a game of ball
that Would make the ordinary indifferent
and callous spectator shudder with hor
ror Some good resulted from It, for now
earnest practice is in force The fight
for positions on the nine which will be
ultimately picked to -represent the col
lege still continues. A new pitcher has
■developed at Palo Alto. Wrigley, a fresh
man has been doing some good work
lately. On Thursday he pitched his first
match game against the Santa Claras,
and Judging from his performance in
that initial effort, he gives promise of
wearing the big S when Stanford lines
"it^Birkelev'cocllran has taken charge
of the baseball and a new order of things
has been introduced. The men get on the
field at 4 o'clock sharp. There is no dally
ing or straggling, for Mr. Cochran is not
that kind of a man. At first general field
ing work is practiced for half an hour.
Then a regular practice game of three
innings' length is played. After that
Cochran has the men line up in their po
sitions, and sharp field practice, with the
ball ever on the move from hand to hand,
completes the day's work for the baseball
men. Cochran appears in baseball togs
and many new wrinkles has he already
shown his pupils. He is assisted by
"Chappie" Smith, also of Princeton, and a
close friend of Cochran.
On the track California improves with
every hour. The candidates for positions
of honor on the track team are numerous
and they are working morning and after
noon. The sophomore-freshman field day
next Saturday is attracting more atten
tion than interclass affairs ordinarily do.
no doubt on account of the rare material
in both classes and the intense rivalry be
tween them in matters athletic. The en
tries show the best available stuff In the
two lower classes. As this will be the first
event of the year on the track much spec
ulation is rife on records and results.
At Central Park this afternoon the
Alumni nine, whose chief distinctive char
acteristic is the possession of a record
which for cleanliness in defeat is un
equaled, will cross bats with the Univer
sity of California team. The Alumni will
play Krug In the box. This will be the
first time the California team will appear
In public since Cochran has had it in
charge. In the Alumni team are two or
three players adjudged professionals and
there is some talk about the college nine's
refusing to play them. The Athletic As
sociation has the matter under considera
tion and may decide to issue their ban.
Should the college nines disobey there is
a possibility that the association will de
cree their professionalism. However, the
game to-day will be played. If necessary
the proceeds will go to charity and an ex
hibition game be played to come within
the pale of the law. The nines will line
up as follows;
California. Position. Alumni.
Mien ..Catcher Elston
Kaarsberg .Pitcher Krug
Collins.. First base Allen
McLaren Second base. . Follansbee
Foster or
McCabe Shortstop Lewis
Baer rhird base McKee
CheeseboroughLeft field .. Wheeler
Hoag Center field Ireland
' Bykes Right field Sheehan
This is the strongest nine the Alumni
have ever got together and the game
should be an improvement on* its pre
cursors.
BASKET BALL IS
NOJDHILD'S PLAY.
The greatest game of basket ball in the
present tournament between the San
Francisco and the Oakland teams was the
one played last Thursday evening In the
gymnasium of the Y. M. C. A. of this city.
It was the game between the Athens from
across the bay and the Rushers, the local
team. The Athens were declared winners
by a final score of 14 to 13 points in their
favor.
In the first half the Rushers put up one
of the finest games ever seen on this
coast. They entered the battle with great
courage and gave the Athens more to do
than they could attend to, because the
Rushers scored In the first twenty min
utes 12 points on goals from the Held and
1 point on a foul; while the Athens made
5 points only.
As it has happened In the majority of
the games recently played, a marvelous
change took place when the players were
called out for the second half. The Ath
ens pulled up wonderfully, scored point
for point, tied the Rushers and won the
game yet, though by a very small mar
gin.
It would hardly be right to make special
mention of the individual plays or play
ers, as the game was an exhibition of the
finest team work on both sides. There
was splendid passing and some phenom
enal goal throwing, although the result is
not so clearly seen by the score. The in
terference was too strong for any such
showing. In fact, the interference was so
strong that it resulted in some rough
play, which ought to be censured here.
Quite a number of fouls were called and
the number was by no means too great.
All the players were in it to win and all
did their level best. They can glory, how
ever, in the honor of having taken part in
one of the greatest games yet played.
The following names were entered for
the game by the captains of the teams:
Rushers. Position. Athens.
F. L. Shaw.... Forward... J. Lancaster
E L- Spacher Forward F. Bock
Ed Fleischer.. Center W. B. West
D Hanrahan.. Guard H. Muller
C Johnson Guard. .F. Le Ballister
Substitutes: Rushers— W. H. Mitchell;
Athens— F. J. Edwards.
The officers of the game were: Referee,
8. C. Bennetts; umpires, Otto Kurtz and
C. J. Anzer; scorer, R. Homer; timer, H.
8. Morton. Time, twenty-minute halves^
THE FIELD OF SPORT
CYCLING RACES,
MEETINGS
AND BASEBALL.
At the urgent request of the Garden
City Wheelmen, the regular monthly
meeting of the board of governors of the
California Associated Cycling Clubs will
be held at San Jose this evening instead
of in this city. The delegates will go
down on the 2:30 train this afternoon, al
though some will probably make the trip
awheel, as the roads on the Oakland
side of the bay are said to be in the pink
of condition.
The purpose of the G. C. W. In re
questing the honor of entertaining the
delegates is that they may be present
at the festivities of the club to-night at
tendant upon the formal presentation of
the trophy and prizes won by the club's
riders in the recent twenty-five-mile in
ter-club roadrace.
The Garden City's man, "Bunt" Smith,
it will be remembered, won both time
and place honors in this roadrace, and
also the Olympic cup. Besides the
entertainment to-night the club will ban
quet the twenty odd members who par
ticipated in the race, some time next
week. Out of a membership of only a
hundred, the captain expects over forty
riders in the relay try-outs next month.
Two games of the Cycle Baseball
League series will be played in San Jose
to-morrow, and a large delegation will
go down from this city to witness them.
The Olympic Wheelmen will take on the
Turn Verein Cyclers, and the Olympic
Cyclers will play the Garden City Wheel
men. The Olympic Cyclers are leaders
in the tournament, with 1000 per cent, and
have yet to be defeated.
The baseball teams will take the 8:io
boat and narrow gauge route to San
Jose. Most of the "rooters" will also go
down this way, although a number of
them will wheel down, taking the 8 a. m.
broad gauge boat, led by Captain \\ 11
liam Loos, O. C. W.
There is some talk of matching "Bunt
Smith, John E. Wing and Tony Delmas
for a twftity-Uve-mile traekrnce at Klm
hurst. each man to furnish his own pac
ing, some time next month.
John E. Alexander, the old-time rac
ing man of San Jose, is the latest of the
wheeling fraternity to get the Klondike
fever, and has already left for the north.
The Bay City Wheelmen and the Re
liance Club Wheelmen baseball teams will
cross bats at the Velodrome to-morrow at
12 o'clock. The Acme and Encinal clubs
will play across the bay.
There will be a race meet at Vallejo on
Sunday', March IS, at which G. H. Crafts
and John E. Edwards will have a return
match at 30 miles, paced. Several local
amateur events will be interspersed in the
programme. I think, however, the man
agement has made a mistake in not put
ting on a couple of good amateur handi
caps open to all corners, as an attraction
to the riders here. The people of Vallejo
will not go to see the men of their own
town race against each other, but they
would go to see them race against the
cracks of this city, San Jose ami Oakland.
It is also a mistake, considering the cha
otic condition of cycle racing on this coast
at present, to attempt to give two meets
on the same day within fifty miles of each
other, and that is what Is being done, as
the same managers have a big meet
scheduled for the 13th also at Elmhurst.
It is the intention of the Elmhurst man
agement on this day to have a team race
between members from the Reliance and
Acme clubs of Oakland, in the hope of
reviving some of the old-time rivalry,
and, incidentally, antagonism. The Re
liance Club will put in Deacon, Wyman,
Gooch and Rosenheim, probably, and the
Acme men have not yet been selected.
The distance will be five miles, for a cup
offered by the Haywards electric road,
and must be won twice to secure owner
ship.
The high jinks given by the Olympic
Club Wheelmen last Saturday night was
one of the best of its kind ever held by
a cycling club here. The entertainment
was high class, the refreshments plentiful
and good, and the large crowd or wheel
men present passed a very enjoyable
evening. President Mullen and the com- i
mittee in charge, including Master of I
Ceremonies Howard P. Taylor Jr., are
certainly deserving of a great deal of
credit for the handsome manner in which
the affair was carried out.
T. S. Gore, a prominent wheelman of
Victoria, B. C, is in the city on a visit,
and is stopping at the Occidental. Mr'
Gore is an English gentleman and an
enthusiastic rider. Intending to visit the
southern part of the State, he thought he •
would ride there from here, but does not
want to go alone. Mr. Gore would like
to know of any gentleman contemplating
that trip within a week or two. While
in this city Mr. Gore is being entertained i
by ex-President Swain and other proml- j
nent C. A. C. C. officials.
The absence of a local cycle show or in- !
door race meet Is being sadly felt here !
by the riders and dealers this year. For !
the previous three years the season has
opened w r ith the Washington's birthday
road-race on February 22, and the in
door tournament at the Pavilion directly j
afterward. We have had the road-race, I
but no tournament, and no prospects of
any, and the trade is dull and the riders
idle in consequence. Much as the deal
ers were wont to scoff when told of the
advertising benefits derived indirectly
from a show or tournament, they cannot
This Little Miss Is the Pride of the Merced Coursing Fraternity
She Loves her Pets and Slips Them After a Hare in the
Manner as Represented in the Picture.
THE SA> T FRANCISCO CALX,, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
deny that what promised to be a busy
season has had a very inauspicious open
ing for want of this "ad." It is their own
fault, however, because to be successful
an indoor tournament must have
the support of the dealers and other ex
hibitors, and they have given the cold
shoulder to all advances in that direc
tion. H. W. SPALDING.
SOUTH ENDS AND
ARIELS TO PLAY BALL.
The South Ends and the Ariels are
making great preparations for their base
ball game, which is to be played a week
from to-morrow.
New life Is gradually being infused into
the Ariels. The success of their base
ball team has made them anxious to re
gain their laurels lost in rowing. In
anticipation of an early regatta, crews
have been selected from their best ma
terial and no time has been lost in get
ting the boys down to work. The new
SOME NOTABLE CELEBRITIES OF THE PRESENT RACING SEASON.
Junior crew, rivals of the Turners, went
out last Sunday and braved some rather
troublesome water. In fact, it was the
only crew that had the temerity to
do so. This has made old "Uncle" Flan
dere happier than he has been for some
time, for he has found a crew of willing
workers.
The new Senior crew has been finally
selected and will take its initial spin to
morrow. Captain Ellis has had all the
boats put in excellent condition and
everything Is in readiness for a success
ful season. As yet no date has been
fixed for the club regatta, but It will un
doubtedly take place in the latter part of
April.
R. B. Cornell, who claims to be the
champion rough water swimmer of Amer
ica, states in a communication to this
department that he is ready to swim A.
W. Rapp a race around the Seal Rocks
at any time after the first of March for
a side bet of from $100 to $500.
Ah Sing Died.
Ah Sing, the Chinaman who fell off a
precipice on Telegraph Hill last Monday,
died in the City and County Hospital last
Thursday evening. Sing was conscious
when taken to the hospital and told the
internes that he was wandering about Jn
the dark and that he accidentally fell
off.
A "KICK" THAT
WAS NOT
WITHOUT RESULTS
Peace reigns supreme again in the In
gleside Association. Stockholder Sink
scored his point. The disgruntled finan
cier, after his "kick" registered
through the columns of The Call,
was summoned by letter to ap
pear before the officials of the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, where a sooth
ing lotion was applied by Secretary Green
et a!. Mr. Sink was assured that Ed
Corrigan had been requested to bottle up
his witty package of jokes about his fel
low men until St. Patrick's day, 1901, and
Mr. Sink himself was implored to desist
BRIGHT DAYS
FOR
TENNIS PLAYERS.
There is genuine revival in tennis. To
appreciate this one has but to go out to
the California Tennis Club courts any af
ternoon, and there ho will see not only
a new generation of racket enthusiasts,
but also a return of the old to the beaten
tracks. It is the same in Oakland and
in Southern California. Everywhere a re
newed Interest In the snort is mani
fested and invitation tournaments are h*
ing organized in several of the interior
cities.
At the California club last week doubles
| took precedence of singles. Society, now
i that it is Lent, is indulging itself with a
breath or two of fresh air and the
younger set finds the tennis courts the
host enjoyable molifler of the severities
imposed by the Lenten season. "Within
two weeks then- will be a ladies' doubles
tournament which will bring out ;i bevy
of debutantes and their younger sisters.
The courts are crowded nightly In prepar
ation for thts tourney.
During the week some close and Inter
esting matches were played. Daly and
Walter beat Root and B'llven, 6—2, 6—3,
C— 3. Mihs Bowman and Miss Hunter beat
Clark and Den sort, 6—2, 4— i, 6— 3. 6—4.
Though there were no deuce all games in
the sets the playing was of a lively and
close character. Ogden Hoffman ami \V.
L. Holmes hit it off merrily early in the
week, but the placing and driving of the
former were too much for his vis-a-vis,
who succumbed in straight sets.
Bliven and Walter, in a match of sin
gles on Tuesday, quit even with a set
apiece. Bradshaw beat Dick Adams 6—4,6 — 4,
7—5, 6 — i. In a four handed match be
tween Miss Alice Hoffman and Miss
Moody against Miss Curry and Miss
Drown four sets were played, but the
match was left undecided, each team win
ning alternate sets. In mixed doubles
Ogden Hoffman and Miss Drown defeated
Miss Alice Hoffman and W. L. Holmes
two out of three sets. The Magee broth
ers, Walter and Tom, are often seen on
the courts playing doubles. Walter has
gone back in his playing, but with prac
tice will regain his old form.
George Whitney, who has by steady ap
plication mounted the tennis ladder until
he now stands on the uttermost height, |
says that he intends to retire from the
fight for honors. Hereafter he will de
vote himself tq the game only as an ex
ercise and will not enter tournaments or
sweat for prizes. Championship and all
its concomitants no longer possess any
charm for the younger Whitney. Rob
Whitney is still in the ring.
Bifle Shooting.
The great spring shooting festival of
the California Schuetzen Club will be held
on Sunday, April 17, at the club's grounds
near San Rafael. The prizes will consist
of $300 in cash and JIOOO In honorary
prizes.
from rushing to the press for justice.
He was advised to hold on to his stock,
and that in future everything possible
would be done to make the relations ex
isting ami >ng Mr. Sink, Mr. Corrigan
and the club as amicable as was possible.
Mr. Sink appears satisfied. The incipi
ent revolution has been squelched without
resource to arms, and Ed Corrigan still
plays the role of dictator and pursues
the even tenor of his way. The officials
of the association are a trifle "new" at
the game, and so were easily pacified.
Mr. Sink says he has received a good
offer for his stock, and thinks he will
sell. When he looks about and sees scores
of horses neighing for one good feed of
oats, their owners looking around for a
meal ticket, and two or three favored in
dividuals winning most of the races, he
may change his mind. The two racing
associations can be compared to a game
of stud-horse poker— if the game holds
on long enough the "kitty" gets all the
coin.
If all rumors can be believed, there are
several horsemen sojourning in Califor
nia this winter who will in future give
the Golden West a wide berth. Their
"kick" is apparently not at the California
Jockey Club, whose destinies are presided
over by Tom Williams, but the club with
in a stone's throw of the broad Pacific.
In his career on the turf, Dave Gideon
has owned some notable turf celebrities,
including among them Butterflies, piloted
to victory In the Futurity by Henry Grif
fin. In speaking of some of the decisions
rendered by the stewards, Mr. Gideon
said:
"I can't agree with officials suspending
owners for sixty days. They are either
guilty and should be ruled off the turf,
or else they are innocent of wrong-doing."
These words arc certainly well timed.
In reconsidering the cases of W. J. Spiers,
the owner of Santello; Nolan & Tholl,
owners of Also Ran. and "Curley"
Shields, in whose colors Joe Terry ran,
the stewards reduced the period of sus
pension somewhat. Why did they do so?
When Little Cripple beat Don Clarencio
and The Bachelor one day at Ingleside,
and it was freely reported that the in
side mon^y was played on Don Clarencio,
Judge Murphy notified the members ot
the press that the entry of Little Cripple
would in future be refused. The next
day the press was notified that the entry
nl' Little Cripple would be accepted. The
brother of the gelding's owner is a Super
visor.
Mr. Gideon, while not mentioning the
latter little Incident, said that during his
long career on the turf he had never been
i called before the stewards. He spoke in
! glowing terms of the California turf, and
said that It was to. be regretted if men
had become identified with the turf here
whose presence was inimical to its best
interests.
The case of the Australian mare Trance
is puzzling in the extreme. Her owner, J.
15. Lewis, feels that he has been most
harshly treated. It appears to be a most
| complicated mixture— the whole thing—
I hough it really seems as though the
stewards of the Pacific Coa»t Jockey Club
might reinstate the mare, as her owner is
j anxious to sell, and let him depart for his
home in the Antipodes.
Ed Corrigan, in an interview published
in a morning paper, said that he had
never requested the secretary to make up
a race for one of his horses. During the
meeting that cornea to a close to-day the
Hawthorne turfnuui's horses have won
fifteen races, not including to-day's
events With only an ordinary string, he
has been singularly fortunate. Most of
the steeplechase events have either been
won by his or Andy Blakeley'a jumpers,
i and the writer has no hesitancy in saying
that favoritism has been shown — ajid this
I goes if he hears it. On Thursday it was
common gossip among the different own
ers that the final race of the day was at
one time as good as declared off. Through
some means four entries were induced to
I stay in, and the Corrigan horse Geyser, a
1 to 3 favorite, won easily at the end,
scoring his seventh consecutive victory.
It will be in fashion, possibly with both
| associations, about the time the meeting
j drawa to a close, to give a few "dog
races" for the benefit of the "poor own
ers." It is the public and those same poor
j owners that keep the game running, and
! if they are wise the management of the
two big tracks will see to it that the
"dogs" have an inning some weeks before
the season draws to a close.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
A mule patrols the beach at St. Aug
ustine, Fla., In quest of turtles. When
she has found one she turns It on its
back and then rambles off to inform
her master.
WHY THE COAST
STREAMS
NEED STOCKING.
According to the present conditions of
water and weather anglers should meet
with tolerably fair success to-day and to
morrow in the tide waters of coast
streams.
Reports from Sonoma and Point Reyes
which were received during the week
stated that the creeks were running bank
high on Monday last, but that the water
has receded very rapidly since then and
that the prospects for fishing to-morrow
are good.
Doubtless a number of anglers will put
in an appearance at Point Reyej; and
Shellville this evening.
For some weeks prior to the late storm
the residents of Alvarado have been
catching large steelheads In the tide
waters of Alameda Creek by means
of nets and spears. The attention of the
j Fish Commissioners was called to this
fact and Deputy Cross paid a visit to a
slough near Alvarado, where the fishes
were lodged in deep pools. He discovered
that nets had been used for the capture
of the fishes, and before leaving the depu
ty notified the people who were fishing
unlawfully that if they persisted In net
ting or spearing steelheads the commis
sioners would make thvir sport cost them
more than they had bargained for.
As this has been a singularly poor
year for the breeding fishes to propagate
their species above tide waters, and as
the prospects for summer fishing look
anything but favorable, it is hoped that
the Fish Commissioners will not forget
to replenish the coast streams by stock
ing them liberally and intelligently this
year with the fry of either the Rainbow
Cutthroat, Loch Levin or brown trout '
In previous seasons the fry we're
dumped carelessly into the deep pools of
the Paper Mill and Sonoma Creeks much
to the pleasure of the large and predatory
hsh, whicn waxed fat and strong by
messing on the innocents.
The announcement that 50,000 fry were
placed in Paper Mill Creek last year by
Deputy So-and-so may appear Quite
pleasing to the angling fraternity, and
also to the Governor in the biennial re
port of the Commissioners; but unless
the fry are properly planted it is only
a waste of time and expense to stock any
stream. Commissioners Vogelsang and
Emeric are not blind to this fact; but it
is never too late to mend.
GOOD COURSING
AT TWO PARRS.
Lovers of the grand old sport of cours
ing can select either of the two parks— |
Union or Ingleside— for a pleasant out- !
ing on to-day and to-morrow.
The drawings for both parks have ap
peared in The Call and the wise ones
who can select the winners of the all
aged stake at either park can safely hang i
up a sign with the words, "Tips for Sale"
written thereon.
Sportsmen who have made a study of '
the sport of the leash and who have at
tended the meetings held on Saturdays
and Sundays can name three-fourths "of i
the winners of the first round but It is *
in the subsequent rounds that the tin- i
sters generally fall by the wayside be
cause the inferior dogs are weeded out
in the first and second rounds leaving i
the "cracks" to contest for the golden
eagles.
There are a number of high-class dogs
entered to run at both parks to-day and
doubtless a large and enthusiastic crowd
of pleasure-hunters will witness the
sport.
Big Ranch for Sugar.
Claus Spreckels has recently purchased
from the Lux heirs the Tesquisquintos
Rancho in Santa Clara and San Bonito
counties. The property consists of MOO
acres, and was procured with the object
in view of planting the entire rancho in
sugar beets with which the works at
Salinas will be supplied. »»"*«■» ai
SHARKEY STATES
THAT HE
WILL FIGHT FAIR.
Joe Choynski. the popular California
heavyweight pugilist, will have another
opportunity on Friday evening, the 11th
inst to whip Tom Sharkey, the power
lul Irishman who boxed a draw with
Chovnski that he has instructed all of his
friends to bet on him. _
"When I last met Choynski in the Pa- ;
vilion," said Sharkey. "1 hit him a stiff
punch in the solar plexus an Joe man
aged to get to his corner, where he re
mained doubled up 'in pain for five mm
Ut -His friends claimed a foul, stating
that I hit Choynski 'in the groin, but
will hit him high enough so as to s.iu^l.v
everybody that the referee cannot uecide
against me for foul tightingr c harke v
The Vallejo sports will back fanarKey
singly as they believe that he
whip any of the heavy weight*, of the pres
cn A d i? quite amusing to hear the re
marks on boxing by members of the
Health and Police Committee. At yes
terday's meeting of the board Chairman
Delany said: "We have no power to is
sue permits for professional fights, ana
I am desirous of seeing the .en
forced. If any reputable club desires* a
permit to give boxing exhibitions de
signed to display skill and training. I
am in favor of granting it. As or pro
fessional fights, the sooner we put a
stop to them the better it will be for the
° Supervisor Haskins expressed similar
views. "The time has come to put a
stop to prize-fighting here," he said. Re
putable clubs should have boxing privi
leges. Suppose we were to deny the
Olympic Club boxing privileges, wouldn t .
there be great indignation? Bar out pro
fessionals and there will be no trou-
It the Health and Police Committee has
not the power to issue permits for pro
fessional fights, why then did it issue per
mits for the Sharkey and Choynski ami
the Jackson and Jeffries fights?
If permits are issued for amateur con
tests then amateur boxers should be se
lected, and an amateur boxer is a ma'i
who do.'S not box for coin. Evidently tno
chairman of the Health an 1 Police Com
mittee has a very poor knowledge of tlia
rules which govern amateur athletics. ■
The applications of the National and
Occidental clubs for boxing permits were
denied. The Jefferson Athletic Club was
given permission to hold monthly exhibi
tions at its club room. !,,,.3.»
The Olympic Club, has signed "Kin
Parker of Boston, the pugilist who "best
ed" Billy Elmer in Los Angeles recently,
and Henry Lewis (colored) for d ten
round contest at the Mechanics' Pavilion,
on the evening that Jackson will fight
Jeffries. ' '■' '' . "■ ' :
It is understood that if the heavy
weights—that is. Peter and James—can
not agree upon a referee before 2 o'clock
on the day of the fight the directors of
the Olympic Club will select a man; for
the office. • ... '-.- ■■;;■ " -■"
Jackson states that all he requires Is an
honest man anil that if he cannot win by
fair means he will not resort to any fo,j[
tactics. .':ic::Hm's cry is '"a fair fi.\i
and no favor," and it is to be hoped that
the referee who will be selected will be
of the same way of thinking.
Tommy Ryan will leave for his home
to-morrow evening and if ;he can see his
way clear to return to this city he will be
back again. He remarked to Billy Ken
nedy of the Olympic Club yesterday that
he was ready at any time to sign with
Walcott for a fight at catch weights, or
that he will fight Tommy West at JcO
pounds, or Dan Creedon at 158 pounds.
Ryan has about given up all idea of meet
ing Kid McCoy, the "talking" champion.
SOMETHING ABOUT
STANFORD ATHLETES.
The Stanford college boys are looking 1
forward to a busy season in outdoor ath
letics as may be seen from the follow
ing communication:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 4,
1898.— Editor of The Call: The departure
of Captain Brunton, who will probably
not be able to return to college this sem
ester, has left matters on the track in.
a very bad shape. It has taken from
the sprints the one man in whom the
cardinal put its greatest trust. His place
cannot be filled in the 100 yard, 220 yard
and 440 yard events. As far as his duties
as captain of the team are concerned,
Stanford is more fortunate, for Paul
Walker the newly appointed captain, is
particularly well qualified for the posi
tion. Himself a conscientious trainer, he
expects faithful work from the men un
der his charge. He has been on the track
four years and understands his work.
An effort will be made to meet the emer
gency, caused by the loss of Brunton,
by changing around several of the men.
Dole will probably enter the 100 yard
sprint along with Birtch. Diggles will
have to go into the 220 yard and Strout
will in all likelihood be put into the quar
ter mile. Weatherwax gives promise of
doing something in the 440. Dole, Morgan,
and Culver are trying the hurdles, and
will make a strong team.
Luther Cary, the noted sprinter, was
down for the second time on Thursday.
He donned a running suit and showed
the colts how he did It when he was,
running under the Princeton colors. Al
though he is forty pounds heavier thari)
when he made his nine and four-flfthsi
record, he is still quite fleet. His efforts
so far have been directed toward getting,
the men off the mark and showing thenv
the proper form in which to run. Tom
Carroll, too, spent a few hours on Thurs
day at Stanford In coaching up the weight
men. Fickcrt is beginning to use the
double turn with the hammer, and is
showing big Improvement over his last
year's form. Burnett, the Varsity center,,
will likely be with Fickert in the' weight*
this year. • 'H
• : ADVERTISEMENTS.
EITCTRIF
MEDICAL
TREATMENT
THIS NEW APPLICATION OF THE COM-
.-*■ bined curative powers of both medical and "
electrical treatment, as administered by the
skilled physicians of the Electro-Medical Insti-
tute, oor. Market, Powell and Eddy streets, has
proven , a wonderful success, exercising over
disease a curative power never before known
to the Medical World. .The Doctors of this
Institute are curing all manner of Diseases so
quickly that those who bad lost all hope of
health are amazed at th wonderful results
obtained through this new system of Electric-
ity and Medicine combined, i Immediate relief
is given and perfect cures speedily follow
many of which would have been Impossible
through electrical treatment alone or medical
treatment alone.
NFRVFQ «S« S T n l a ' H st erla, Chronic
IlklllkVi Headaches. Nervous Twich-
ings. Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness', Evil -
Forebodings, Melancholia, Weak and Sinking
Spells, Nervous Debility and all Its attendant-
ailments. The awful effects of neglected or
Improperly treated cases, producing weakness
of body and brain, dizziness, failing memory
lack of energy and confidence, pains in back'
loins and kidneys, and other distressing symp-'
toms. Our Electro-Medical, Treatment is the
only successful cure for nervous ailments
RHFJISfiATIQU andall kindred diseases
■>III.UmH I awn! of the joints and muscles
yield at once to its influences/
HATARRiI of the Nose, Throat, Lungs and
MM lAn fin Stomach. Our special com-
bined catarrh treatment never falls
Rinnn ana ssnii diseases °< all
OLUUU ll nil aftlß classes thorough-
ly eradicated from the system. .
DiSFA^F^ ft , he Heart - Stomach, Liver,
Ul<#bHgEi« Kidneys. Bladder and kindred
organs treated by the Electro-Medical System
with unfailing success.
I AMFQ ™ s Electro-Medical Combined
kHWIkWi treatment Is a boon to sufferers
from all diseases peculiar to women .
WRI T F \i you , cannot call, and get the
II 111 I K. Doctors' opinion of your case.
CONSULTATION FREE£!S££
State Electro-Medical Institute
MARKET, POWELL & EDDY STS.
Entrance, 3 Eddy St. ' SAN FRANCISCO, CAtTHE CHINESE PLAY WAS THE THING.
■ v ■■■:"■
Tile Oriental Actors Put On a Continuous Performance
at the Fair.
the Wedding and Scenes From "The Elevation to the
L Highest Office."
'.; A hurst of generous applause from
ike boxes, the chatter of tongues and
. the putting together of many Chinese
'Jihads to exchange opinions upon the
efits of their favorite actors, while
; irbm around the Mechanics' Pavilion
there arose from the large American
audience the deeper and more pro
longed clapping of hands, testified the
.appreciation of the great Chinese trag
edy that had been just enacted before
.them.
'■■;: .The troupe from the Washington
■ street Theater gave a performance yes
. lion-. to the Highest Office." The occa
AN ENGLISH WELTER-WEIGHT
SAM FITZPATRICK'S LATES'
CAPTURE.
Jeff Thome is an English boxer
who recently arrived in thiscountry
In search of a match. He was tried
out a few weeks ago in an exhibi
tion bout with "Mysterious Billy"
Smith in the presence of Sam Aus
tin, Sam Fitzpatrick and a few
other well-known sporting men in
New York, and he made such an
excellent showing with Smith that
Fitzpatrick Immediately became his
manager.
■■■•;■■ Fitzpatrick. knowing that Billy Newman, matchmaker of the Waverly
Athletic Club of Yonkers, wanted a good man to meet Harry Fisher, matched
• Thyme against the Brooklyn cyclone. When Thorne entered the clubhouse
.in an evening dress suit, a long white coat and patent leather shoes every
one remarked, "Here's another English stiff." Thorne, however, gave the
spectators the greatest surprise they ever received, for he simply smothered
:: Fisher for the twenty rounds they fought, and besides was so cool and used
Ir .gfucti excellent judgment that he was at once pronounced a wonder.
Fitzpatrick intends to match his protege against the best men in the wel
.' tor- weight class. Thorne has an excellent left-hand jab which he uses con
:. timialry.
terday at the fair of the great tragedy
pntjtlbd "La Chow Woo Tisen." which \
*>€ißg interpreted means "The Eleva- J
sion was the signal for the gathering
of all the first-nighters of Chinatown,
and they filled the boxes, the dress cir
cle and the galleries. It being a mati
nee performance the ladies brought
their children that they might see the
great tragedian. How Mi Low Choo,
the hero of ten million battles, van
quish Sin Foo Chee, the eight-eyed
devil of the Ganges, who had trans
planted his wife, the beautiful Tee Sin
Su, to the garden of eternal flames,
which is" guarded by the Gi Kok, the
hundred-winged dragon, who sleeps
with one eye always open.
This tragedy, the masterpiece of
Chinese dramatics, was reproduced ex
The fee-simile /># yrfTZZZ?* iB.on every wrapper
signature of Wuz^zf'&&^i of CASTORIA.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
actly as it is acted at Hongkong for
the Emperor. It takes eight days to
render the play and only the prelude
was given yesterday. The play opens
with the entrance of How Mi Low
i Choo, attended by his body guards. He
• bemoans the loss of his darling Tee Sin
i Su, but is comforted when a host of
I angels come to him and bring him a
son that his wife has sent him from the
i garden of flames. One of the angels
tells him that this son shall one day
conquer Sin Foo Chee, and that he is
I to be called Pow Too, meaning a pres
: ent from the Great Father, and the an
; gels further Instruct How Mi Low Choo
to wage war against Sin Foo Chee.
The great fighting general then calls
I for his horse, Moo Chi, a beautiful ani
i mal that has thirteen golden wings,
j and rides to see the Great Father,
I whom he asks to bless him. He then
I returns to earth and calls upon his
army to follow him. Sin Foo Chee
hears that How Mi Low Choo is com
ing to make war upon him, so he has
tens to meet him. He first makes Gi
Kok, the dragon, swallow Tee Sin Su,
and then changes him into a rose bush,
whereon grows one rose, which is Tee
Sin Su. Too Hi Fi. the God of Mercy,
paints the rose a deep red. a color like
unto the blush that was upon the
cheeks of Tee Sin Su when she was a
happy wife at home, and thus enables
How Mi Low Choo to recognize her.
The two generals fight, and as fast
as Sin Foo Chee and his men are killed
Lung 800, the black-tongued devil,
brings them to life. Seeing that he can
never win the battle, How Mi Low
Choo sends his son, Pow Too, to heav
en upon his horse, Moo Chi, and has
him turned into a great warrior with
twenty swords of yellow flames.
At this stage of the play the closing
time, of the fair had arrived, bo the
performance was temporarily stopped,
but will be concluded next week at the
Washington-street Theater.
The Chinese play proved to be the
chief feature in point of drawing
power, for at night the largest audi
ence that has yet been in the Pavilion
at any one time was present. The
opening night and Maine benefit at
tendance were not in It, for fully 15,000
people must have been present last
Many were no doubt attracted by
the Chinese wedding that was put on
by the actors of the Chinese troupe last
night. Ceremonially it was attended
with all the pomp and gorgeous splen
dor of the Orient.
With the intricacy of mysterious in
cantation did Quck Tiz Yee plight his
love in this world and the shade of
his spirit in the next to the rare and
radiant maiden Gum Gee. He invoked
the Great 800 Pah, the divinity of nup
tials, to smile upon his bride, and she
in turn burned the yellow lamp of
death to please the god, Tv Wy, and
thus keep from her house his black
shadow.
But the Chinese band! It broke all
records for continuous playing, and as
for volume of sound it soon routed
Bennett's musicians, whose music was
as the whisper of the night wind of
summer in comparison with a Western
tornado out on a spree. The Chinese
first discovered harmony, but they
found it when it was in its infancy, and
they have carefully kept it at that
stage where they found it.
The Battle of Gettysburg was re
peated last night.
To-night the principal feature will
be the four-round bout between Tom
Ryan and William Baker. Willie Jor
dan will referee the contest.
The grand auction sale of the things
donated for the benefit of those who
perished In the Maine disaster will take
place to-night.
DEACON AND
THE WIDOW
Garret Keppel of Biggs
Made Open Con
fession.
Libeled a Lady Who Had Re
fused to Marry Him or
to Receive Him.
Had Chills and Fever in the Wagon-
Shed, He Said, and Told About
it In Print.
Deacon Garret Keppel. a respected
pioneer citizen of Biggs, Butte County,
was placed on trial yesterday before a
jury in the United States District Court
on a charge of mailing an obscene
pamphlet.
Garret got into trouble on account of
his passion for Mrs. W. S. Little, a
pretty widow of West Biggs, the town
of Biggs being big enough to have an
East and a West side. She has always
borne a good reputation, but she did
not love the deacon and he attempted
to blast it by the publication of a
pamphlet in which he purported to
confess that he had been guilty of im
proper conduct with the widow.
Ex-Senator C. W. Cross appeared for
the defendant and the Government was
represented by Deputy United States
Attorney Schlesinger.
Senator Cross' motion to quarih the j
indictment wt i quashed, and the pros- |
ecuting attorney read the pamphlet in :
full to the jury. It purported to be a i
confession of Garret Keppel made for
the good of his soul and for the placing
of himself right before God and man.
It began with an extract from a Biggs
paper relating how a certain well |
known resident (suppressing the
names) had been forcibly ejected from
the house of a certain well known
widow an evening or two before. The
pamphlet goes on to say that the man
was the deacon and that the widow
was Mrs. Little. He then proceeds to
relate that in pursuance of a request
of his dead wife, who had borne six
teen children to him, he went to a pic
nic to pick out a wife. There his criti
cal eye fell upon two widows, one of
whom was Mrs. Little and whom he
then and there determined to make his |
wife, if she would have him. So he
wrote her a note asking her for permis
sion to correspond with her. She con
sented and he began to visit her of
evenings at her house.
For some reason not made clear in
the pamphlet, probably from motives
of delicacy, the widow did not desire
to have the good deacon around when
she had company, and on occasions
when she was not alone she used to
signify that fact (according to the
pamphlet) by hanging a tomato can on j
one of the pickets of the front gate.
Then he used to go into the buggy shed
and wait in the dark for two or three
hours in a state of amorous chills and
fever between the coldness of the night
and the warmth of his passion.
Finally one evening, according to the
pamphlet road to the jury yesterday,
they got a little too loving, and the dea
To-day is also Native Sons' and
Daughters' day. and an elaborate pro
gramme has been prepared. Several
addresses will be delivered and the
singing of the national anthem will be
rendered by the audience. The address
of presentation of the golden key to the
grand president, George D. Clark," will
! be made by R. P. Doolan.
The following is the musical pro
' gramme for this evening:
Overture, '•William Tell" Rossini
I Gavotte, "Sweetheart" Kurlad
1 Hungarian Uliapsodle No. 3 ....Liszt
Solo for Trombone
F. K. Tobln.
Melodies from "Robin Hood" De Koven
Collection of miners' songs.Arranged by Rogers
Solo for cornet
W. B. Rogers.
Mexican dance (by request) "Wilson
Quartet from "Rigoletto" Verdi
Rltter Chor Wagner
Songs of Scotland Godfrey
Concluding with "Auld Lanj* Syne." ;
—
Half-Interest Deal.
Clarence "Worthy, a recent graduate
from a commercial college, secured a war
rant yesterday in Judge Campbell's court
for the arrest of Gus Strand on a charge
of grand larceny by trick and device. On j
February 19, in answer to an advertise- j
ment, Worthy called at Strand's office, 23 |
Kearny street, and, after some talk, paid
him $150 for a share in the business, sup
posed to he real estate. Since then Strand
has been on a drunk, and Worthy
thinks he has been swindled, as there is
no business doing. Strand has been ar
rested on a similar charge before.
. m ■
The Third Lecture.
The third lecture in the winter series of
the Cogswell Polytechnical College was
Kiven last evening in the assembly hall of
the college, corner Folsom and Twenty
sixth streets. The programme consisted
of a semi-chorus by the students; "The
Play and the Novel," by Miss Anna I.
Muiiro; 'cello solo, Charles L. Van Fleet;
and an address on "Hawaii and Its Vol
canoes." by Professor Josiah Keep of
Mills College. Mrs. Alice Waltz also sang
a beautiful solo during the intermission.
i — — — —^— —^^^— — —
ADVERTISEMENTS.
does not belong to the Intoxi
I eating class of Malt Extract*
being strictly a Non-Intoxicant,
\ but If you are a dyspeptic you.,";'
• will become intoxicated with joy •
! : after it has cured you of your
distressing trouble, which It
1 surely will. Try it. All drug-
gists.
VAL BLATZ BREWISB CO.,
MILWAUKEE, IS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAtiEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealer*,
416-4 IS 3acr«aieata St.
I ■ tV 1 1 H IMIPfI 111 8 1 1 1 I
■■■ - ■-*■■■■-■■■■-" ..■"■■ ■' '-.'■■* -■'".■ '■'-■-
' con did not leave the house until a short
time before the dawn flushed with rose
the Eastern sky. They, were engaged
| to be married, and the deacon made it
a point to call upon the widow before
i and after camp meeting, where he was
| wont to exhort sinners to repentance.
Then, without warning, a change
came o'er the spirit of h." dream. The
tomato can was always there, and he
: was allowed to shiver in the buggy
i house while the widow was entertain
! ing company in her own cozy parlor.
j When he went to the door and demand
i ed admission he was met by a school
i ma'am, who was boarding there, and
! was told that the widow was not there
' or that she was engaged, and did not
; care about seeing him. This coldness
I was worse than that which he had ex
j perienced in the buggy house, and it
; made him desperate, so one evening he
entered the dwelling, lay down on the
i lounge and declared his intention of
! holding the fc-rt until the widow came
j downstairs and granted him an intpr
j view. Then help was sent for, and the
j deacon was fired bodily out of the
houso, and was roasted in the local pa
i per.
Several hundred copies o-f the pam
i phlet were distributed, and the widow
complained to the postal authorities,
who bro-ught the matter before the
United States Grand Jury, and had
i Keppel indicted for sending indecent
| literature through the mails.
After proving that the deacon had
! mailed the pamphlets the Government
j rested its case, and the trial went over
: until next Monday morning.
Promoted Inspector of Customs.
Frank J. Kortick. opener and canner in
the Appraiser's department, wan promot
ed s^esterday to be Inspector of Customs
to succeed H. B. Moynihan, resigned. Mr.
Kortick passed a special non-competitive
examination as provided for in the regu
lations, and proved his competency for
the position to which he has been pro
moted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOB
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter' Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle."' :HiilishMe<UealJov.rn:i\
CAUTION: See that the label bears the na-
ture of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehner.
I Klondike]
outfits
, Not complete without a supply cf
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
Hlehe.-t reputation for keeping qaal-
\ty ; hence, no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
' &-~-~--- — - ■■ ■< »j
osi Oalehe.it«r's EaclUh Diamond Braad.
Pennyroyal pslls
ENNYROYAL PILLS
! V «C\ - Original and Only Genuine. A.
w j* .^\AS\ BArc. alwaji reliable, vmoits t«» ia\
A 1A 1 AS Wtt Drnitgi.it for Chtchtiter i English Wa»\\
{r**i^^fj^,m^n4 Brand In Rc^ »nd 00l i me>M\o\SJ&
*fcv^li!\SJaboxr«. sc«Jed with bins ribbon. Take
TO* 49^1 Hljnnothrr. Refuse dangerous *i<>)»;:ru- V
I I — fwtinru and imitations. Ai I'rms;.,!i. or t'vi 4«.
I C JJf I" iimipi for particular*, tr>tlmonl»l'. and
««O 8 "Relief for I. art leu." in lett'r, br r-tnrn
«^ 17 Mall. 10,000 TV«timoni«li. Kmm .'u-.-rr.
> «— — r"C*tcbe«trr Chemical C*.,Madl>o«n lx ai-«,
*** kr all Local Liru««t«t#. I'll 1 1. A I A., I'A
imiiiiiiiwHii.;
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- fl
Colored Spots, Achea, Old Sores. Ulcers B
I HAVE YOU Sore Throat. Pimples. Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aches, uld Bores, Ulcers ■
In Mouth, Hair-FalUn*'! Wrhe COOK IiEM- ■
EDYCO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
I CA(rO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital I|
fot».000. Worst cases cured la 15 to 36 days, m
BiU 10.000. Worst cases cured In 15 to 35 days, m
100-page book free. ■
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
! i of the moat obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea i '
! J 1 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 11 to 61,
i ( 1 days ;no other treatment required. 5
j 111 1 ■ Sold by all druggists- 5
&/WWWWVWVWWVWVWWVWV
The pur» essential extract from the native drnj. Con* !
tains fill the valuable medicinal properties of Opium ,
without Us noxious elements. No sickness cf pttnii li;
no Tomltijiff ; no costl venees ,no headache. All Druggets. ■■
in*""'" ■ " ■"*■"■— — •—»-—■ —■— Q
NOTARY PUBLIC.
! A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
nnQ MARKET ST.. OPP. PAL.ACE
DOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Realdtnca KM
Valencia »tre«t. Telephone. "Church" Ik
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
llg^a^^ifl CALIFORNIA
K^^l^ LIMITED.
ifql^MHl SAN FRANCISCO
[■»MII!BHW| GH!CAGQi
• Leaves ; San • Francisco nt 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carried first-class passeasens only, but with-
out extra charge. - , ;  • •■ .■ ■ -
- DINING CAR, :■■': ■'.' .\- ;■ ;i;\- ; I
, , BUFFET SMOKING CAR. I
Pullman Palace ■ Drawing-Room " Sleepers.
SH days !to > Chicago, . 4Vi days . to ■ New Tork.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection In Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. :
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket of flee, 644 Market
ttreet. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520 Oakland office, HIS Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J «treet. San Jose, 1 Weil
! bant* Clara street. I
DIRECTORY or
: ft/n '..yl^SßHmy ;>- 7 ~ TRANSPORTATION-Contintied.
(^^^?^^^P^/ Union S. & Transportation Co.
\ $llsr^ T0 KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,'
r^^J^^Sftl COPPER RIVEK ' DYEA AND
X lIS- v -'^^"^^IHBK For passage and freight apply to
4// '^^yyi^^WSajHPfp' union- shipping axd transporta-
////^^r' '^^^i " 3sroR,TKE^NT BA i!iia-H:T, »
/// IV\V ' l*~^^^ Captain Joseph Whiteside. Commanding.
l'\yf\M*' KOTZEBUE SOUND,
1/ll's' ALASKA GOLD FIELDS.
/.' / # y IXILArX- 1O - - - - 1898.
TRANS ATIO <>
SAFE PAST STEAMER
HiIBOLDT
Will Sail About March 12 Sop
DYEA And
SKAGUAY
DIRECT.
For passage and freight apply
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 310 Clay St.
HO! FOR DAWSON!
On or about May 1. IS9B. the American bark
ALEXANDER MoNEIL will sail for St. Mich-
ael, connecting at the latter point with the
Pacific Coast Commercial Co.'s new dispatcn
river steamer Bessie H.
For further Information call on or address
PACIFIC COAST COMMERCIAL COMPANY
A. H. HERRIMAN, Agent,
I :."J#j .;. 201 Front st.. San Francisco.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
555 b ,ro n°or nd a-Ju h t e »4 f »vS
including 2500 pounds baggage or freight *200.
Passeneers will apply early to LYlMiJti at
HOUGH CO.. 40 California st., San Francisco
or to A. H. Herriman. general manager, 201
Front st., San Francisco. -
California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
628 Market st.
Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer
(now building), for Dawson Cit>. . \la St.
Michael, about June 1. Fare. $300; 150 pounds
baggage free pc pound
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, and elec-
tric llehted throughout. Send for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamers
to Dyea and Skaguay. - .: - ■
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
*%: ?h^\^is^s sYn A t T ;vf Y^^
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburoii Ferry, Foot oi Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 11:15.
3 30 510 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. m. ..'_' . .
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:80. 1:10,
' SA 6 RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IB, 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m-t
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
6UN*DAYS%:I6, 9f40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
Between Pan Francisco and Schuetien Park
same schedule as above. __^
SanFrtnclsco- | San Fra'nctaea
7:SOa.m.!S:oOa.m.| 'Novato, l :^ m ' in : a " m '
8:30 p.m. 9 :30 a.m .! Potaluma. | 6:10 p.m. 10:3j>a.m.
5 :10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. ! Santa Rosa. I 7:35 p.m. ! :22p.m.
' " Fulton. ' ' - :
7 :30 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburs, ; . • : v-'-.v -'-. -;•
Uvtton.
Geyservllle,
8:30 p.m. 6:00 a.m. Cloverdale i 7:35 p.m. «:220.m.
j lHoplnnd audi
7 :50a.m. 18 -00a.m. 1 Ukiah. ■ I 7:35 p.m. :22p.m.
r:aoa.in; j : ~T~ i 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m.! Guerne villa. 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. - . . . . 1 6:22 p.m.
7 .30u.ni. S:ooa.ia.| Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. i Glen Ellen. 6:10n.m. 6:22n.m.
7T80a.m.18:00a.m.l Scbaat - DoL 1 10:40 a.in.. in. 110 :25 a.m.
8 :30 p.m. 6:00 p.m.: Daßtc P ol - ,| 7:3ap.m. 7.22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs; Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Boonville,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort'
Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ■ ■ • "...
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
bAl<b A 1<3 WW S FOSTER, P. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Masagar. Oen. Pass. Agt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
' ••SSBB " .. y
From September 10. 1897, trains will run as
follows : 2 : " ' ■ --
""Southbound. \ Northbound.
Passen- Mixed stations. Mixed Passe*
per ." Sunday "a" 0119 - Sunday per
Daily. Exc'p'td - — ——Exc'p'td Dally.
7:20 a.m. -00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 6:40 p.m.
V: 10 a.nL 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. ; - 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 8:50 p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m.' 6:20 p.m. Hanford :45 a.m.' 1:15 p.m
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. •-. Visalia 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
Stopping: at Intermediate po lnts wtien require!
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
C N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton :at 6 p. ■: m. daily; ■at Merced with
stages to and from SnelllnKS,:Coulterville.,etc.}
also with stage for Hornitos, Mariposa. etc;
. at Lankershlm with stage to and from Wader*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
--' 1 1\ Via Sausalito Ferry. . ,'; "., .; , " j
From San Francisco,'. Commencing September
■ , . 19. 1597.
■■'■■' .•/ ■■' ■ r ■'■ WEEK DATS. -• ■ •• H'./-" '
For Mill ' Valley and v San , Rafael— »7:2s. •9:30.
• 11:30 ■a, m.; *1:45, 3:45, •5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p.m.
Extra trips * for 4 San Rafael on : 'Mondays.
Wednesdays ■ and Saturdays at. 11:30 p. m. '■
.-W----CV. /■-.■ .-.5UNDAY5.............. ;•;::. ;
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •8:00,,»l0;00.i
•11:30 a. m. ; •1:15, 3:00., »4:30, 6:15 p. m. •
i Trains marked • run to San Quentin. • »" •
,-. THROUGH TRAINS.. . . .
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train). for
Duncan Mills and way : stations: 8:00 a. .m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
- . . (Via Sausalito Ferry). \ .
.Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
: ber IS, IS9T: »; -'* :—• ••>•■*- r -- : - :
Week Days— 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. in. •
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. ; 11:30 aya v m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. --.
THOS. : COOK & SON. Agents. 631 ; Mark*!
street, San Francisco. . . , . ...
Passage $200, including 3000 lbs. baggage.
$00 now will secure passage, balance before
April 1. 1898.
Address CAPT. B. COGAN.
44 East St.. San Francisco.
FOR DYEA AND SKAGUAY.
The new steamer FULTON will sail for
above ports on WEDNESDAY. March 9. For
freight or passage apply to
GRAY & MITCHELL.
3 California st., room 32.
$390 (INSTALLMENTS) will land you at DawT
son. including food and clothes for one year;
"cheaper than staying at home"; chance to
locate claims at Koynkuk. Tanana, Mi nook.
Birch Creek. Circle City or Klondike; limited.
Alaska Transportation Co., 224 Montgomery
St.. San Francisro.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO,
HEADQUARTERS FOR
MINING SUPPLIES. CAMPING OUTFITS.
311 TO 317 MARKET STREET.
OAS ENGINES.
OnWgas engine co.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
SLEEPING BAGS. \^
KLONDIKE SLEEPING BAGS!
Klondike Sleeping Bags. The only bag mad»
that will not crack from frost or leak. Sold at
factory prices. 3H Spear «t., San Francisco.
P^^c^B.^PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
era, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
i sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of,
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO.. 116 Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
SLEDS. BOATS, JHTC^ ■
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can ba
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, 718 Third
st. - 'Phone Red 23C1. «
MEDICINES. JW^
DON'T GO TO THE KLONDIKE
OR anywhere else without a supply of
PRATT'S ABOLITION OIL. the never-failing
remedy for Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Lame
Back and all lameness and pain. For sale by
all druggists. A. McBOYLE & CO.. Druggists,
504 Washington st. ,
LIME CORDIAL.
Lime Cordial especially prepared for th«
Alaska, etc., trade. Preventive and cure for
I scurvy, etc. LT7KE G. SRESOVICH & CO..
I Asrents. 521 to 525 Sansome St., San Francisco.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
wiithkr.l IMI'IHC C©3lJr\A.X"r.
(PACiriO MYSXKM.)
Tritlan le»v« nuil lire <lne to nrrlT» •«
sax rKANCis«:o:
" (Main Line. Foot of Market-Street.) '
tBAVr. — From January 1. 1833. — ARItITB
""•6:OOa Niles. San Joso and Way Stations... *8:43 a
7:00 a Benlcia, SuUun nnd Sacramento. ... 10:43 a
?>OOa MarysTille, OroTiUeand Redding Tla
Woodland.. 3:4."5p
T:Of»A Vacavillo and RniEsey 8:40p
7--:»«A Martinez, San H-.imon. Vallejo. Kapa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa.... 6:1
8:OOa Atlantic li;xpre!.s, Ogdeu and Kast.. 8:13f
»i»Oa Niles, San .lost-, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marjsvilie, Chioo,
Tehamaar.dncl »ln(T 4ilUr
•8:30 a Peters, Milton and Oakdale »7it3p
»i»Oa New Orleans Kxpress, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, Uaker3lieUl, .Santa V'r-.^-
lliirl>»ra. l/>» Angeles, VemUxe.
El Paso, New Orleans and Kast. 6>43p
»:OOa Vallejo, . Martinez, Merced and
Fresno ISslSp
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers »O:OOp
l:OOr KUes. San Joso acd Way Stations . . 1 5 a
1 :3 Op Martinez and Way Stations ?:43p
S:OOp LlTermore, Mendota. Hanford and „J_
Vlsalia.. 4 1 5
LiTeraore, San Jose, Niles and Way
SUtiona J1O:1»%
4:<»Op Martinez,' San Ramon. Vullojo .
Nairn, Callstoga, HI Veruno and
Santa Rosa »il*A
« iO« Beaicia, VacaviUe. Woodland.
Knights Landing, Marysville, <iro-
villa and Sncriin.ento 1«:45^
4iBop Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:15r
4t3op Latluop, Modesto, Merced. Berenda,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburs), _
Santa Barbara and I.oa Ant;eUs.. 7»4»A.
4:30p Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Kxnress -■• --_■
for Mojave ami Kust 6t45p
t3:3or " Souse* Limited." Los Angeles, El . .
Paso, Fort Worth, Little liock. St. m
Louis. Chicago and East.. ..flOilS*.
«i;.1:30p " Sooset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East JI 2 : 1'?
6iOOr l .uroi>cini Mail, Ocdnn aDd ICast.... C: A
0:00 - ll iiyniwlfi, Nllcs ami Kan Jose «:•».■> \
}*»«r Vallejo 1 < :45p
*»:<M>|- Oreson ii.llntilTiiniltn. Marys-
■j villo, ReiMi'ig, Portland, l'ngct
" . S.miii.luii.l I fruit 8:1 a*.
" SAN LEAMUKI AMI - IIA¥WAUI)S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"i^sTooTi ~ ( .7. 7 ' A
SsOOa Melrose, Seminary Tark, *JS-*sa
loJooa Fitehburß, Elmltnrst, Ljlt4S«
{11:00 a Nan Leandro, South San .*?*!?*
tl2:O0M Le mn dro,E«tndm«, Urn&
1 3:'60r Lorenzo. Cherry i IVi%Z
4iOOp . <3:43p
5:00p « nd 2 ]^ 1 "
S.-3Op Ilarnards.
7:« Op SS 1 ***
8:00? < Kniis through to Niles. - ia£.cZ
)f|9 :OOr ;tFrom NUes. . ♦♦SSsSSg
COAST IHVIMOS (Ninron daugc).
( Foot of Market Street.)
»:.i!)A Newark, l. f i!iitfr»illf,Si;ii.li>se,Fclton,
lluuMtT l.'reck.Siuita Critzand Way
Stations... •»••»
•»tI»P Newark, Ucntervillt\ Han Jose, Now
Alinailcn, Fclton, Iloultlcr Creek.
Santa Cn« ami Princii'nl Way
Stations ..■..:...;............;... ..•1»i5»*
«il»i- Newark, San .lomt and Los Gatos... »:20,v
tlli43p Hunters' Eicuralon, SaD Jose and •
Way Stations ...... ......... ....... :?i«OP .
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
1 Prom SiN FR4KCISCO— Foot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
! *7:15 . 9:00. 11:00 A.M. }l:flO *2:00 t3:C3
M:00 . 15:30 *6:Cor.ii.
from 01IUK5— F«ot of Broadway.— 8:00 10:00a.H.
:;- U2:00 ; »l:00 ;, t3:00 . «3:00 , : H:O3 "5:00
COAST Dl VISION (Broad Gauge).
'■■'• ':■'■■■ : (Third and Town»end SU.) -
6»63A.San Jose nml Way tJtatious (New ;
:••' Almadcii Wednesdays 0n1y )....... •»•*
b »t«»A San Joso, Tres Plnos, Sunta Cnw,
- . , r«eiiio (.rove. Past) ltoblcs, Han
Lids Olilspo. Guadalupe, Surf and .._
, Principal Way Station .5«5*
I«:4Oa San .lose and Way Stations... »'SS
"11:30 a San Jose an.l Way Htattons ....... »:<»»*.
;. *»:3opBan Mateo, , Redwood, Menlo Park.
Santa Clara, San .lose. Gilrcy,
Holliatex.' Snii^a Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey an.l Tacilic drove i!! I*,1 *,. x
■ »*:l sp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations # 9:«<la
•4il3p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9i*3\
•StOOp San Jose and Principal TV ay SUtions l:30r
' S:3Op San Jose ami Principal Vay Stations 5:3«
6:30|- San Jose ami Way SI alums i : *"r" r
tU:45i- San Jose and Way Stations «:^OP
A for Morning. P 'or Afteruoou ; -;.
• Sundays excopte.l. 1 Sundays only ♦ Saturdays ouhj,
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday mghU oalj. c.
' if Mondays and Thursdays.
_ I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _. ■- -
Weak Men : and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. :tH3
great Mexican Remedy: civea health and .
■trenctb to tie sexual organ*. . .
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fr ctlon firmer.
Whent weak and dull.
Barley steady. The other cereals dull.
Hay steady. Fe^dstuffs unchanged.
• Beans quiet and rather easy.
Japanese Rice higher.
Potatoes stead-. Onions firmer.
Asparagus did better.
Butter and Eggs lower.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Game about the same.
■--esh and Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions still firm.
Hops. Hidee and Wool as before.
Mutton still higher. Beef and Pol
changed.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports. 24
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Ter
ritories for the week ending yesterday as com
pared with "■ for the previous week and 26 for
the corresponding week in 1897. The failures
for the past week are divided among the trades
as follows 5 grocers. 1 liquor. 1 genem.l store.
1 dressmaker. 1 baker. 1 plumber. 1 stage line,
1 carpenter, 1 publisher, 1 teas, 1 cigars. 1 pain
ter 1 horse dealer. 2 oils, 1 architect, 1 jeweler,
1 drugs, 1 boots and shoes, 1 men's furnishing
goods.
O Clear (5 Partly Cloudy
% Cloudy (g) fia/n © Snow
SrtADcD AREAS SHOW PRECIPITATION;
Turing PAST 12 hours _j
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top tig
ores at :-aiinn Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. If any. the
amount of rainiall. of melted enow In Inches
and hundredth* during the past twelve hours.
leobars. 01 s^ll.l linos, connect points of equal
air pressure; iFotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word 'high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by lair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the prepsure Is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is lm
?robable. With a "hitch" in the vicinity of ,
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 4. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls during the past
twenty-lour hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
EureKa 0 26.73 37. 59
Be.] Bluff 0 11.99 21.90
Sacramento 0 $.54 14.71
San Francisco 0 7.32 19.39
Fresno 0 3.15 8.95
San Luis Obispo 0 E. 14 15. 69
Los Angeles 0 4.27 15.54
San Diego 0 3.3S 10.57
Yuma 0 1.26 5.31
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
81; minimum, 50; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slightly during the
past twenty-four hours along the Pacific
Coast. It has also fallen over Utah and South
ern Idaho and eastward in the upper Missouri
Valley. An area of low pressure lies over
Arizora and Southeastern California.
The temperature has fallen on the coast
couth of Los Angeles and risen north of Lou
Angeles to San Francisco. In the great val- j
leys of California the temperatures are from 8 ■
to 16 degrees above the normal.
With the exception of a light shower at
Rosetiurg no rain has fallen on the VaciSc
Slope.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
isours, ending midnight, March 5, 189S:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, with
fog along the coast; light westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; cooler
on the northern coast; light westerly wind; tog
on the coast in the morning.
Nevada— Fair Saturday; cooler north.
Utah— Fair Saturday; cooler north.
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
with fog in the morning; light westerly winds.
Special report from Mt. Tamalpais, taken at
B p. m— Clear; wind west, 4 miles per hour;
temperature, 61; maximum, C 7 degrees.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK, March 4.— Prices of stocks show
losses of from 1 to 3 per cent to-day on a very
•mall business. The market was quite Inanim
ate at times and what business there was con
centrated In a few leading stocks. All of
these stocks showed weakness, but the down
ward course was pursued in a very desultory
manner until the final hour, when the bears
made a determined drive. They carried the
general list to the lowest of the day, but cov
ering In special stocks Induced some sharp
rallies. Higher quotations from London lilted
the level of prices at the opening, but the fall
was practically uninterrupted afterwards.
Efforts to rally the market were feeble and
unsuccessful. Union Pacific preferred was de
pressed all day and closed over 2 points lower.
The grangers all figured largely in the sell
ing. A large part of this selling was known
to be for Washington account and inquiry was
very keen fur news to account for it. Signifi
cant news was scarce and In its absence num
erous rumors were set afloat, one to the effect
that purchases of warships abroad had been
made by the United States Government. The
renewed depression of Spanish securities abroad
and the news of the purchase of two warships
by the Spanish Government helped on the feel-
Ing of uneasiness over the Cuban question. Not
withstanding the hardness of London money
rates and the tendency to relaxation In the
local requirements, foreign exchange went
lower again to-day, demand sterling falling to
$4 84Vfc. Nearly all the $2,800,000 In gold which
will start for New York to-morrow comes
from Paris, and no small part of it is said to
represent French payment for American se
curities bought In London during the recent
disturbances In Paris.
The bond market wns listless and heavy to
day In sympathy with stocks. Total sales,
$2.C2r>.000. United States new 4s and the old 4s
coupon were ',4 lower bid to-day.
Totals sales of stocks to-day were 301,500
shares. Including: P.altlmore and Ohio, 4224;
Burlington, 17,975; L-iulsville and Nashville
4500; Slanhattan, 22.800; Metropolitan, 7155;
Reading preferred. Sl3j; Missouri Pacific. 3400;
New York Central. 13,954; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 13.050; Reading. 3017; Rock Island. 11,
770; St. Paul, 23.. r i6."; Union Pacific, 7365; To
bacco, 5600; People's Gas, 7500; Supgar, 43,941.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 11% St P & Om 70>4
Do pref 27Vi Do pref 160
Baltimore & Ohio 18 l i St P M & M 134
Canada Pacific . . . 5434 3o Pacific 17%
Canada Southern. 4S» 2 So Railway BV4
Cent Pac 12>«i Do pref 2S'i
Ches & Ohio 20% Texas & Pacific... 10V4
Chi & Alton 155 Union Pacific 29
Chi B & Q 94V4 L' P D & G 8%
Chi & E 111 541-4 Wabash 6V»
CCC& St I Sn% Do pref 15^4
Do pref 77 1 * Wheel A L E.... 2%
Del & Hudson.... 110 Do pref 10%
Del L & W 150 Express Companies —
Den & R 0 12 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 46% | American Ex 127
Erie (new) IV* , United States .... 42
I". Ist pref 37 1 /jiWells FarffO 116
Ft Wayne 16) Miscellaneoua —
3t Nor pr.'f IM IA Cot Oil 18
Hocking Vat .... 6 Do pref 7H4
Illinois Cent 101 Amn Spirits .... 7*4
Lnkn Erie & W... 14 Do pref 18
Do prrt Wt Am Tobacco 91%
Lake Shore 191 Do pref 113
Louts <fc Nash 53% People's Gas 92
Manhattan L 104V4 Can* Gas 182
Mfi St Ity 14C Ymi Cable C 0.... Ifis
Mi'-h i ent 107^4 Jol F & Iron 20Vi
Minn * St L.... 27% Do pref 78
Do Ist pref ...; 85 / Sen Electric 32%
Mo Pacific ....... 23H Illinois Steel 47.
Mobile & 0hi0.... 2S Laclede Gas 42 •
Mo X & T.. ....... 11% Lead 31*4
Do pref 35% Do pref 104%
Chi Ind & 1*....-.. 7- Nat Lin Oil ..... 17
Do pref 27 Or Imp Co 27
N J Central *2% Pacific Mail 26%
N V Central 113% Pullman Pal 176
N V Chi & St L. 12% Silver Cert ....'... 54%
Do Ist- pref .... 65 I Stand R & T 4
Do 2d pref .... 33 I Sugar 126%
Nor .Vest 14 ■Do pref 112J4.
! No Amer Co 5% T C 4 Iron 20V*
No Pacific 23% US Leather ..... 6%
Do pref 62Vi Do pref .... 6Ui
Ontario & W 15% U S Rubber 17%
Or X & Nay 4S - Do pref 67
Or Short Line ... 23 West Union 87%
Pittsburg 16S Chi & N W 122%
Reading 18% Do pref 175
Do Ist pref .... 43 St LAS W 4%
Rock Island ..... 86% Do pref 9%
St L & S F 6% R G W 23
Do Ist nref .... 56 Do pref 57
Do 2d pref .... 25 Chi G W 10%
St Paul 92% Haw Com C 0.... 31
Do pref 147 I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 124».; X Carolina 65.... 125
Do coup 124'» DO 4s 102%
US 4s 11l -No Pac lets .... 11612
Do coup 112 Do 3s Cl>»
Do 2ds &9 Do 4s V»\%
V S 5s reg 112 Vi, X V C 4 St L 4s. 105
Do 5s coup 112 V Nor & W 63 l.'O
District 3.65 a .... 118 Northwstrp cons. 141
Ala class A .... lOSVr Do deb os 11;%
Do B 107 O. Nay lsts ... 114 ,
Do C 100 10 Nay 4s 95
Do Currency ... 100 OS Line 6s. tr.... 123
Atchis>on 4s :....;. 91 OS Line 5s tr.... 100
Do adj 4s 59% O Imp lets tr.... 110
Can So 2ds 108 Do 5s tr 07*4
Chi Term 4* 85 Paclflc 6s of — 103%
C & Ohio 5s 115% Reading 4s 83M,
C H & V 4%5.... 104% R-G W lsts 82%
D * R G lsts 110% SL&I M C 55.. 91
D & R G 4s 94 IS L & S F G 65.. 118%
East Term IMB.. 106% St P Con 141
Erie Gen 4s ...... 71%' St PC & P lsts.. 121%
F W & D lsts tr. 71 . Do 5s 116
Ren Elec 5s 101% So Ry Os 91
B 11 &8A 6s 104 Stand R& T 08.. 57
Do 2<ls 106 Term new set 35.. 90
H & T C ."» 110 T & PL G lsts. 101
Do con 6s 103 | Do Rg Ms 34%
lowa C Ist? 100% I Union Pack lsts. 127%
Kan P Con tr 106 1 Do pref 65 -»
X Pile Ist DD tr. lXi%\ Do 4s 93%
La new cons 45.. 102% V P D & G lsts. 56
L & N Uni 45.... SS%i\Vab Ist os 107%
Missouri 6s 100 Do 2ds 78
MX & T 2da 81 \V Shore 4s 110>.i
Do 4s 88 V'a Centuries 69
N V Central lsts. 116% Do deferred ... 4
N J C 5s 113
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 150
Crown Point 10 Oj>hlr .'. 40
Con Cal & Va... 75 Plymouth OS
Deadwood 90 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould ft Curry... 15 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcrs.. 1 30 Sierra Nevada .. 90
Homestake 37 00 I Standard 160
Iron Silver 42 I Union ("on SB
Mexican 30 I Yellow Jacket ... 23
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March — Atchison. 11%: Bell Tele
phone. 253; Burlington, 94%; Mexican Central.
5%; Oregon Short Line, 30.
. . LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. March 4.— The Evening Poet's
London financial cablegram sa.ys: The stock
markets here were dull to-day except for
Grand Trunks and Americans. The tendency
of first-class stocks is either to remain idle
or depressed, partly In connection with the
forthcoming China and other ioan operations.
The buying of Grand Trunk was large and In
fluenced partly by a Montreal clique. Amer
icans were fitful and closed dttlL The general
tendency here Is to suspend dealing in Ameri
cans until there is a more distinct lead :n>m
New York. Gold is in revived demand for
America at 77s l&d, though apparently ship
ments dn not pay. No (told Is offering. A
half million will go from Paris on Saturday.
The Parie bourse opened steady, but ■ I
distinctly fiat. It is reported that the finance
ministers are to introduce a bill to further
tax bourse transactions; also a meapure whicn
will Interfere considerably with Coulisse deal-
ings.
The Berlin market was steady.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 87^c; Grand Trunk, R%c.
Bar Silver, steady. 24VJd per ounce. Money,
Sht per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 4.— FLOUR— Receipts.
26,371; exports, 21,798. Slow and weaker on
spring patents: Minnesota patents, $5 30@5 60.
WHEAT— Receipts, - 123,950; exports, 23.943.
| Spot weak: No. 2 red. 11 07% f.o.b. afloat to
arrive. Options opened firm at Vie advance,
' and after a further rise on cable news, turned
', very weak. ■ Bears hammered the market . all
! day, and in the absence of clique or outside
' support broke prices decidedly, the close being
! %c net lower. No. 2 red March, 11 06M>@l 07H.
closed $1 06%; May. $1 00 11-16@1 02Vi. closed
$1 00%. ■ ■
HOPS— Steady.
. WOOL— Dull.
PETROLEUM— NominaI.
METALS— Tendency In nearly all depart
ments continues upward. At the close to-day
! the New York Exchange called:
; PIG IRON— Warrants, steady at $6 80 bid and
I §6 asked
LAKE COPPER— Strong, $11 87H bid and 512
asked." ' ~ - - ■
Firmer; $14 20 bid and $14 30 asked.
i SPELTER— Firmer: $4 20 bid and $4 30 asked.
LEAD— Firm, $3 80- bid and $3 87V4 asked. The
; firm that fixes the settling price for miners
and smelters quotes lead at $3 60.
: COFFEE— Options closed barely steady at- a
I net loss of 5 (ft 10 points. Sales, 14.750 bags.
I Including March, $5 45: May. $5 55<g>5 60. Spot-
Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice. 6%c: No. 7 Jobbing,
6%c. Mild, steady :" Cordova. 1 S^fi'lGc.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 11-16 c:
1 centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16 c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4843 packages, firm;
Western creamery, 154?20%e; Elgins, 20V4c
EGGS— Receipts, 9696 packages, steady: State
and Pennsylvania, 12% c; Western, 12V 4 c; South
ern, 12>4@12V4c. . . . .
DRItO FRUIT.
NEW YORK, March California Dried
Fruits:
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Bc;
prime wire tray, S»4 / 58%c; wood dried prime, !
BH(§B%c: choice, 8%9c; fancy, 9@loc.
! PRUNES— 3%@Bc.
APRICOTS— 5%#7c; Moorpark, B%®
10c. "
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 4.— At the opening and for
a short time after there was a lively specu
lative demand for July wheat and the market
displayed considerable firmness. Ac usual.
Letter was at the bottom of the strength, the
ordering of 540,000 bushels more of his wheat
for shipment to the seaboard— this making
nearly 3,000,000 bushels since this movement be
gan—being responsible for a good deal of buy
ing. Another factor was the signing of the
decree reducing the Spanish import duties on
grain. Opening trades in July were made at
! 9H4@91%c, a shade above yesterday's closing
1 price, and enough support materialized to send
| the price up to 91% cm a short time. That
| proved to be the high point of the day. Out
j side of the Items of news mentioned everything
! favored the selling side of the market, and this
(act soon had Us effect. Liverpool was the es
jeclally discouraging feature. That market
.howed V4@%d decline. Argentine shipments
I were the heaviest thus far this season, being
; reported at 1,640,000 bushels. This array of
bear news gradually brought sellers into the
market, and the liquidation, light at first,
gradually grew heavier, prices slowly declin
ing. In the meantime another factor had en
tered the market In the shape of selling of
May by the elevator interests, in which Ar
mour was especially prominent. His houses
made no secret of the selling, and the freedom
'< of their offerings brought others to the selling
I side. Opening prices of May were He higher
; at $1 06H- An irregular decline to $1 06^4 fol
lowed. Then came a slight reaction, but prices
I soon got back to $1 05"* again. July by that
time had declined to W%c. For some time the
market hesitated at thoße figures, but the
liquidation of May finally took all the remain-
Ing courage out of the bulls and the market
was left to shift for Itself. During the last
hour offerings became quite heavy, both in
May and July, and prices slid off rapidly, May
fettlng as low as $1 04Vi and July declining to
Oc shortly before the close. Covering by
shorts with good profits then caused a little
better feeling and slight Improvements fol
lowed. May rallying to $1 04% and July to
90 1 4<g'90%c. Those were the closing prices.
i Corn was easier on a moderately active mar
ket. May closed %c lower.
Oats were remarkably strong during the
i morning. May closed a shade lower.
Provisions were heavy from the start. Most
of the selling was credited to a prominent
packer, but offerings were quite general and
the market, which opened lower in spite of
firm hog prices, declined steadily. At the close
May pork was 20c lower, May lard 10c lower
and May ribs 10c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. ■ Low. • Close.
Wheat No. 2— ■ ■ ■ . ■ '•■ -
March .105 ". 1 06% . 1034 103%
May 106% 1 06% 104% 1 04%
July 91% 91%. 90. 90%
Corn No. 2—
May .30% 30% 30% .30%
July 31% 31% 31% 31%
September 32% 33 32% 32%
Oats No. 2— •
May • 27 25% 26% 26%
July 24% 25 24% 24%
Mesa Pork, per bbl — >?.-'' ■ .
May 10 65 10 65 10 45 10 47%
July .....10T2% 10 72% 10 50 10 52%
Lard, per 100 ma- • - .... . •:
May 5 27% 5 27% 620 620
July ................ 536 5 37% 6 27% 5 27%
Short Rib*, per 100 lbs— ■ - •
May .................5 25 5 25 5 15. 5 17%
July ................ 530 5 35. 520 6 22%
Caeh quotations were aa follows: Flour,
slow; No. 2 spring wheat, 91(£P93c; No. 3 spring
wheat, 9v>f97c; No. 2 red. $1 03%@l 04%; No. 2
corn, 29 V=: No. 2 oats, 264@26%c; No. 2 white,
. o. b., 31c; No. 8 white, t. o. b., 2«g»^c; No.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MABCH 5, 1898.
3 rye/BOe; No. 1 fiaxseed. $1 2101 25; prime tim
othy, seed. $2 95; mess pork, per bbl. $10 45@
10 50; lard, , per 100 lbs.; $5 15<g>5 17; short ribs
sides (loose), $5@5 40; dry salted ' shoulders
(boxed), $4 76®>5: short • clear sides (boxed).
$5 3f.@6 56; whisky,' distillers' finished goods,
per gal, *1 18%. • • ■■■.■.■■■-■
Articles— - - ■ ■ • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbis 19,000 26.000
i Wheat, bu ~ 50.000 141,000
Com, bu 415.000 263,000
Oats,--' bu 309.000 269,000
j Rye. bu .:........:....... .... 9.000 . 600
I Barley., bu 50,000 28,000
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
i market ■ was firm; creameries, 13@20c; dairies,
: ll@18c; cheese, quiet, S@S%c; eggs, weak, fresh,
lOVic
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
. - Receipts. Shipmts.
j Cities— Bushels. ' Bushels.
: Minneapolis 209.760 30.340
j Duluth 33.415 12,745
; Milwaukee 37,050 1,300
I Chicago 49,741 141,026
I Toledo 20,267 3.100
St. Louis ..: 17.000 7,000
Detroit ;... 8,319 15,187
Kansas City 62,000 69,000
Totals 437,552 269,
Tidewater— . . -. . ,
Boston 53.373 63,962
New York ;...-...... ....:.. 123.9.V) 23.943
Philadelphia IS.BM 116.474
Baltimore ' ;■ 24,190 ' 7.974
Now Orleans 23.600
Totals 1...... 200.399 235,953
' • PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— . .:i . . March. May.
I Opening 6120 ! 69 10
Closing 61 25 69 25
Flour —
Opening .....;.. ....:...•...........;. .28 60 27 35
Closing 28 50 27 35
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 10's .7 4% 71% 6,6% ' 65%
Closing 7 10*4 75% 71% 6 6*4 65%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 4.— CATTLE— RuIed un
changed. Feeders were sold chiefly at $4<7 4 60,
with a few selected as high as $4 70; canning
cows, $2 50 3; prime beeves, *5 70tg5 S5; bulk
of the offerings sold at $4 33^5 15. Bulls were
steady, but calves were plentier and lower.
Choice fed Texas steers sold at $4 75.
HOGS— in hogs wes fairly active at
yesterday's late decline. Sales were at an
extreme range of $3 Ss@4 15 for common to
prime, bulk going at $4@4 10. Pigs, 53 >•;.'! &0.
. SHEEP— Trade In sheep and lambs was fair
ly active at firm prices. Lambs, $4 2505 So;
sheep, $3®4 60: yearlings. $4 s<i!g3. Sheep sold
largely at 54 2504 60, and lambs chiefly at $5 20
!.'. 65; feeder*, $5 15(85 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; Hogs, 26.000; Sheep,
7000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March 4. —CATTLE— Receipts, ISOO.
Market steady to higher. Native beef steers,
$3 70'(53 90; Western steers, $3 50-124 60; cows
and heifers. $:> 4 05; ctockera and feeders, ]
$3 7.V7J4 85: bulls. "stags, etc.. $2 5503 70
HOGS— Receipts. GCOO. Market shade easier. I
Heavy, $3 8003 90; mixed. $3 Ss@3 SO; light, i
«3 Bo@3 95: bulk of sales, $3 Ss?f3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5300. Market steady. Fair !
to choice natives, $3 So(f?4 70; fair to choice j
Westerns. $3 :,o'<i4 50; common and stuck i
sheep. 5353 SO; lambs. $4 8005 40.;
KANSAS CITY.
.KANSAS CITY. March 4.— CATTLE— '<
ceipts, official. 3800 head. Market active;
strong. Texans and Indians. oijlOc higher.
Choice exporters. $5 250*5 50; bulk. $4 8006 15;
fed Westerns, $4 1084 *5; Texas and Indians. :
$4 !."'5 4 SO: cows an.l heifers and Ftockers and '
feeders continue higher than for years. Stock- i
ers and feeders. $3 35@0 40: bulls $2 MM 70.
HOGS— Receipts. 9700 head. Quality not so i
good; pi>?s, Fteady to Sc higher. Bulk of j
sales, $3 *'.<'. 96; heavies, $3 &o#« 05: packers
$3 75-53 95: mixed. $3 7063 B6; lights. $3 70@3 85;
yorkers, $3 80^! S5; pl(?s, $3 13£3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, WOO. Sheep active: lambs,
slow. Western muttons. $3 75©4 30: yearlinsrs
$4 50@4 76; lambs, $4 »96 3.V " ™*
DENVER.
DENVER. March 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 400.
Market strong- to 10c higher; beef steers, U@) '
4 60, freight paid to river; bulls and stags. $2 40 i
(53 45.
HOGS— Receipts, ' nominal. Market, steady; i
demand. good; prices unchanged.
SHEEP— Receipts, 300. Market, steady to
firm: wethers, $3 So#4 40: ewes. $3 20@4; lambs i
$4.60@5 30.
THE BOSTON WOOL MARKET. j
BOSTON. March 4.— The Boston Commercial
Bulletin will say to-morrow:
The market continues quiet and unchanged.
! The greater relative demand seems to be for
! Ohio and Michigan and Indiana unwashed me- ■
\ dlum wools at 22«T23c. The supply of these \
! wools Is not much depleted. European markets
: are very strong and an advance Is expected
I at the coming London auctions on March 15. |
| At the London sheepskin sales yesterday an I
advance of l',£c was established on fine wools. :
The sales of the week are 1,874,000 pounds do
mestic and 492.000 foreign, against 1. 51 M.000. 000
pounds domestic and 721, 7 iK) pounds foreign last
week, and 4,191, W0 pounds domestic and 2.578 - '
500 pounds foreign for the same week last •
year.
The sales to date show a decrease of 17 935 -
900 pounds domestic and 15,001.300 pounds for-
I elg-n from the sales to the same date in 1897.
The receipts to date show a decrease of IS -
699 bales domestic and 44,591 foreign.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Mnrch 4— Consols. 112*4: Silver,
25V«d; French Rentes, 104.32 H. 104.25.
LIVERPOOL, March 4— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 365: cargoes off
coast, nothing doing, 3d lower; cargoes on
passage, buyers and sellers apart, 34 lower;
English country markets, weak; French coun
try markets, steady; Liverpool Wheat. No. 1
California, 7s lldtuTp llVfcd; Wheat In Paris,
quiet; Flour In Paris, firm; weather in Eng
land, cold.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Mnrch 4.— There Is no change
of Importance In the local wheat market. While
76c has been given out as the top flgur# for
Walla Walla at least 2c per bushel above this
has been paid for lots Intended for a special
purpose. Charters are dull, the uncertainty aa
to how much wheat will bo East by rail affect
ing business to a considerable extent.
Cleared— British ship Lord Shaftesbury, for
Queenstown, with 132,390 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 4.— Wheat, nominal; No. 1
club, 75c; No. 1 bluestem, 78c.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, March 4.— Exchanges, $395,677;
balances, $70,669.
LONDON SHEEPSKIN SALES.
LONDON, March 4.— An auction sale of Cape
of Good Hope and Natal sheepskins was held
here to-day. Competition was spirited, but the
quality was Indifferent. The prices realized
averaged Vfcd advance, owing to the small
stocks. Americans operated freely. The next
sale will be held on April 21.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, March 4— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say:
Early In the week speculation developed a
tendency to recover from the depression which
In the preceding week had registered a sharp
break in prices. The relations of this Govern
ment with Spain have continued to be the
prominent factor In the situation, and though
there has been a subsidence of fear In regard
to war the tendency is to wait for develop
ments, and there has been an evident suscepti
bility to bear attacks, one of which, made on
Friday, caused a sharp recession and a weak
close. The public parted with its speculative
holdings on the break, and the market has
been to an Increased extent In the hands of
professional operators. The investment market
has also shown a susceptibility t.i the same
class of Influences, and while railroad bonds
have been firm and recovered moderately from
the depression, the transactions In that depart
ment of the market are very much reduced In
volume. Such improvement In values as the
stock list has exhibited seemed largely due
to covering by the short Interest and a rapid
manipulated rise In prices at the beginning
of the week appears to have pretty well elim
inated the bears.
Large Interests have extended 'some support
to the markets and stocks seemed to have
passed rapidly Into strong hands, though the
disposition has been to wait for developments
regarding Spain and Cuba rather than to re
sume active manipulation. The market was
greatly relieved by the easing off of call loan
rates. Little attention was given to the accom
panying hardening of exchange and the sus
pension of gold imports, with a total move
ment of about $5,300,000 gold from the other
side. London, though still Inclined to buy
moderately at the beginning of the week, haa
since realized moderately on the stocks which
they purchased on the break. The gratifying
character of the news about general business
and the directly favorable character of railroad
earnings create an underlying bullish senti
ment, and the "street" at large shows more
or less confidence in the ability of the market
ta respond to a favorable development In the
foreign situation, though cautious and re
stricted character of the trading by profes
sionals has caused narrow and frequent fluc
tuations in prices.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, March 4 — R. G. Dun A Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say In its issue
to-morrow:
Stories of the most reckless sort, disproved
promptly, and many of them bffore they are
told, affected speculation In stocks much last
week and at times this week, but they have
not disturbed the industries and the trade of
the country at all. There is confidence that
the authorlUeß are dolxuf what Is proper to
| provide for public defense and business Is mov
1 Ing on with the assurance that It will not be
I seriously disturbed. ■ "•
j In grain, cotton, meat- products and pc-
I troleum the markets have been strong, with
i gradual Increases In the demand for manu-
f actured products. '' -
I Failures In February have been smaller than
, In any other month, except three of the pre
i vious five months, with remarkable decreases
f in the failures for $100,000 and over, though in
'. number and amount the smaller failures show
[ less change than might have been expected, In
dicating that In good times- or bad a large
proportion 1b due to causes apart from the
general conditions- of business.' The raUo of
defaulted liabilities to payments through the
Clearing-houses is but $1 71 per $1000, a lower
rate than has appeared in the first quarter of
any year except JSBO and -1881 •■ of the past
i twenty-three years. The best evidence of gen
• eral Improvement is the fact, that payments
, through. Clearing-houses for the past week have
• been 28 per cent larger than in 1892, and out-
I side New York with Its speculative interests,
I 17.6 per cent. Compared with last year the
| gain has : been 56.2 per cent for the week and
15.8 per cent for February. Production of pig
! iron Is the greatest ever known, some furnaces
having started in the past month, but Besse
;• mer billets are so scarce at Chicago that some
i works are embarrassed, and heavy purchases
I at Pittsburg Including one of 25,000 tons, have
stiffened the price bo that Bessemer pig and
i local coke at Chicago art stronger than since
November 1, with gray forge unchanged at
Plttsburg. . Foundry at the East Is slightly
lower, basic pig hnving been offered In a sharp
competition with about $10,- though Southern
makers in Alabama and Tennessee, excepting
two, have agreed upon a plan of sales through
a commission." The demand for finished prod
ucts covers work far ahead in plates, struc
tural forms, sheets, pipes since the advance in
oil,. and rails with a Chicago sale for a Cana
dian road to Alaska, but bar is .weak, with
increasing use of steel, and tin plates are
quoted at $2 85, against $4 for the same qual
ity of foreign. Tin is stronger at 14.2 c and
lake copper at 11.87 c.
The strike in the cotton mills does not spread,
but helps to slightly better demand for goods,
while in wool trade is slow In some of the
finer qualities; which have been much advanced
in price, and in these, and other grades as
well, cancellations have exceeded re-orders. In
dicating lens distributing than was expected at
i the advanced prices. Wool has yielded a little,
the average of 100 quotations by Coates Broth
ers for domestic being 20.23 c, against 20.530
February 1, arid while yielding is thus far
mainly in Inferior qualities, stocks at least
three years old are pressed for sale.
Wheat has grown stronger, exports continu
ing at a rate which threatens exhaustion of
supply If the trade" reports of farmers' stocks I
are correct. From Atlantic, ports 2,426,240
bushels went out (flour Included), against
1.356.416 last year, an.l from Pacific ports £64,
093, against 479,959 bushels last year. The price
has risen lr, but It is possible that the esti
mates of last year's stocks, though 30.000.C00
bushels in excess of the Government estimates,
may prove too small. Corn has declined only
Me, with exports of 4.745.513 bushels, against
5,221.785 last year.
Failures for the past week have been 231 in
the 1 United States, against 246 last year, and 32
in Canada, against 59 last year.
BRADSTRKET9 REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Marrh 4— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will sny: Nearly all signs point to an
unprecedented volume of business being done
or arranging for at the present time. The
aggressive strength of prices, record-breaking
bank clearings and continued large exports,
particularly of the lower-priced cereals, a very
heavy volume of business in iron and steel and
kindred lines, .and generally satisfactory re
ports as to the volume of spring trade at lead
ing distributive centers are among the visible
fentures of this week's trade development.
Nearly all of the country's cereal products are
higher In prices this week, and also some
varieties of provisions, Bessemer plglron, cop
per. raw cotton and tin. The further advance
In plglron this week would seem to Indicate
that the Immense current production is yet
without visible effect on values. The price of
copper showed an advance of • nearly 1 cent
per pound during February, while the con
sumptive demand and statistical position are
such as to lead to confidence, at . least in the
maintenance In present prices. If not of a fur
ther advance. Few decreases in prices are
noted, sugar being the most important, while
the list of staples steady and unchanged num
bers pork, coffee, lead and print cloths. The
strength of raw cotton has had an encourag
ing effect upon Southern trada. which Is gen
erally reported good and better than usual at
this season. The export of corn from South
ern ports Is an additionally favorable • feature,
while the practical agreement of Southern Iron
producers on prices and generally satisfactory
collections at most points have imparted a de
cidedly cheerful tone to advices from that sec
tion. Trade is larger than usual at the Cen
tral West, particularly In dry goods, groceries,
boots and shoes, hardware, • lumber , and agri
cultural Implements, the demand for the latter
being a notable feature at nearly all markets.
Spring trad« has opened' up well' In the Nortn
west and the Jobbing trade Is - quite active.
Signs are accumulating that the rush of all
sorts of vessels to the Pacific Coast to take •
part In the Klondike trade has begun to affect
charter rates, which are reported weaker at •
San Francisco.
Cotton goods displays strength, although
print cloths of regular widths are somewhat
easier. Oinghams are In better demand than
for several years past. Spring business in
woolen g"odn has been rather disappointing.
but a food !<mand for men's wear goods for
fall delivery is reported and the mills are well
supplied with orders. Woolen manufacturers
are not In the market for raw wool to any ex
tent but prlres are still firm.
A further phrinkage In wheat exports, but a
corresponding enlargement of the shipments of
corn and the lower-priced cereals is Indicated
this wwk Tlie total exports of wheat (flour
Included) from the United States and Canada
aggreßat" 3.252.000 bushels, against 3,722.000
bushels last week. 2,075.000 bushels In this weejc
a year ago, 2.407,000 bushels In 1896 and 3.272.000
bushels In 1595.
Business failures in the United States for the
week number 232. as against 183 for five busi
ness days last week, 262 in the corresponding
week of last year. 270 in 1896 and 252 In IS9S.
Business failures In Canada aggregate 2., as
against JS last week. 51 in this week of 1897. 66
in 1596 and 53 In 1895.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, March 4.— The following table
compiled by Bradstreet shows the bank clear-
Ings at 87 cities for the week ended, with the
percentage of Increase and decrease as com
pared with the corresponding week of lost
year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York $981,646,673 71.1 ....
Boston 115,104.929 20. 0 ....
Chicago 109.461,73 a 24.3
Philadelphia 85,584.078 40.1 ....
St L<mis 28.865.589 6.9
Pl'ttsburg 22.328.282 43.3 ....
Baltim-M-.- 19.976.009 89.0 ....
San Francisco 17.496.870 29.9
Cincinnati 12.960.350 12.5 ....
Kansas City 11.884.961 23.3 ....
New Orleans 11.354.661 31.6
Minneapolis 7,878.308 40.0
Detroit 8,199,691 50. 6
Cleveland 6.752.557 12.4
Louisville 7.993.980 43.7
Providence 6,499.600 16.4
Milwaukee 5,570,673 15.8
St. Paul 6.810,536 33.2
Buffalo 4,529,453 14.4
Omaha 4.201,299 10.8
Indianapolis .: 3.668.591 23.4
Columbus, Ohio 3.459.200 19.6
Savannah 2.499.643
Denver 3.526.963 25.4
I Hartford 2.410.169 14.9
Richmond 2.886.030 5.5
Memphis 2,702.271 65.4
Washington 2.055.075 38.1
Peorla . . 1.910,903 34.6
Rochester 1,949.492 20.4
New Haven 1,522.649 7.1
Worcester 1.4M.U23 3.4
Atlanta 1.537.419 5.2
Salt Lake City 1,773.190 40.3
, Springfield. Mass 1.574.244 14.9
Fort Worth 1,391,630 17.2
Portland. Me 1.393.515
Portland. Or 1.803.971 95 3
St. Joseph 1.986,170 27.7
Nashville 1.119.437 .... 1.0
Norfolk 964.445
Syracuse 1,153.141 23.4
Deg Molnes 1.148.920 13.4
Wilmington, Del 816.rt62 246.7
Fall River 902.505 88
Seranton 945.102 146
Grand Rapids 879.800 10.7
Augusta. Qa 830.3GS .... 11.2
Dayton, 0 789.703 34.7
Seattle 1,664, «>0 268 0
Tacoma 998.733 171.0
Spokane 1,044,308 93.5
Sioux City .... 531.1J9 61.3 ....
New Bedford ...'.'. 1.302.22S 75 3
Knoxvllle. Term 609.886 41.6
Topeka .... 840.194 19.8
Blnghamton 348,00 28.8
Wichita 533,917 25.4
Blnghampton 348,000 28.8
Lincoln 304.965 28.8
Lexington, ky. 553.583 65.5
Jacksonville, Fla 223.278 .... 6.8
Kalamazoo 314.:,11 25.9
Akron 325.000 16.9
Bay City 226.529 12.4
Chattanooga 364.486 54.8 ....
Rockford. 11l 174.896 16.9
Canton Ohio 211. 300 39.7
Springfield, Ohio 228.221 32.3
Fargo, N. D 343.274 2P.9.0
Sioux Falls, S. D 911.093 160.4
Hastings, Neb 116.734 9 4
Fremont, Neb 180.761 140.0
Davenport 1.036.814 31. S
Toledo 1,677.040 .... 28.7
Galveston 6.310,200 6.5
Houston 5.594.575 7.6
Youngstown 337.971
Macon. Ga • 659,000
Evansvllle 740.394
Totals, U. S $1,541,355,208 65.9
Totals, outside N. Y. 5G0.205,533 65.1
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J13.581.9C0 80.1
Toronto 8.969.358 53.7
Winnipeg 1.56 C.141 65 4
Halifax 9M.524 .... 22.2
Hamilton 660.C21
St. John, N. B 425.MM
Totalt ;.... *26,455,594. 53.1
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. -
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85%
Sterling Cables : . _ 4 j<6
New York Exchange, sight '.. . — - 20
New York Exchange, telegraphic. ,— . . 22>>j
Fine Silver, per ounce — 54%
Mexican Dollars '. > 45^ 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market was weak all round,
and there was no business worth talking
about.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 40
?°IV« No *• ,$1 42 * for choice and Jl 45@
1 4' 1 /* per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
6mc O t[ BmVl32vnml:8 m Vl32vnml : , 15 32^ o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, $1 32U: 4000, $1 32&.
m! y--«U>. n r DeCember 600 ° CUB * $1 32.
ti Regular morning session-May— 4ooo ctls,
Jl a»S: 2000. Jl 39Vi; 2000, $1 39%; 2000. Jl 40. De
cember—lß.ooo. $1 32V
I $ll A 32'rMayi4 On ,r 131 3 ctls, Jl 32%; 2000,
Isl 32' i. May-4000. $1 39%.
BARLEI— was no particular change
; yesterday, the market remaining firm.
Feed. $1 00-gl €->,& for dark to good and *1 08\
, @1 10 tor choice; Brewing, '$1 1601 20 for No
i 1, $1 1001 12V6 for Dark Coast.
CALL \RD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— ctls,
«i* S < i nd .^^'""-May^OO ctls; $1 04%; 6000,
$1 <>4^. December— 2000 ctls S4^c
UR:BSoo.T^U R : BSoo.T^ session-May-4000 ctls.
Crn' tt i ernO ° Bession May— 4000 ctls,'*l 05; 14,000,
_ OATS— The Assessor goes around next Mon
day, and as nobody wants to own any more
than he can avoid on that day, there Is a dis
position to hold off hence the market Is dull.
Fancy feed. $1 22u,@l 25 per ctl: good to
Choice, si i:y,ni 221;,; common, $1 12V,®1 15;
rM r ?- r L Be> V ?s<?l 30: ESI $1 35 @ 1 « Kray. Jl 15
oL^ : ,, mil nK ' $1 2 °® l 25: black - for seed.
$1 35@1 r-1. Clipped Outs sell at Jl@2 per ton
over the raw product. * ■.. . ■
CORN— Continues dull and weak at the old
quotations.
Small round yellow. $11001 12H per ctl; large
yel'ow. $1 05®l 07H; white, $1 05@l 07«,.
Hi I— Jl Oo'nl 07V- per ctl. " •
BUCKWHEAT— Done here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF9.
The China steamer took out 12,185 barrels
Flour.
FLOUR— cash prices are: Family extras.
$4 Ss@4 65; Bakers' extras, $4 SO® 1 * 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. M per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour, to 73; Cornmeal, $2 25: extra cream
do. $3: Oatmeal. $3 50: Oat Groats. $4: Hom
iny. J3 100:3 30: Buckwheat Flour. $4: Cracked
TJheat. $3 50: Farina, $4 50; ".hole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 25©5 fis: in
sacks. $5 05@5 45; Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas.
$3 7j; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay was Heady at the familiar prices. There
was no change in Feedstuff's.
BRAN- |1< JO© 17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FKEnSTt'FFS— Rolled Barley. $24 per
ton;. Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2S 50©29 50;
Jobbing. $30: Cocoanut Cake. $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28«a3>'i per ton; Corn Meal. $23@
24: Cracked Corn, $23 BOOM 50; Chopped Feed,
HAY— (Ex-car In round : lots)— Wheat. $17019
per ton; Wheat and Oat, $16<3'1S; Oat, $14 50®
16 50; Barley, $14016; compressed. $16 SO@IS 50:
Alfalfa. HO -.O<f}n 50: stock. $11^12: Clover.
$11 Jo@l3; Nevada Timothy. $13 50@14 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Rpans are quoted quieter at about the Same
■ quotations. Seeds range the same.
BEANS— Kayos, $2 ;<i"a:i; Small Whites,
$1 Mill 60; Lartce AVhltes. $1 r..".<g; l 65; Pinks.
$2 50|M 65: Red*. $2#2 23: Blackeye. $2 40® 2 50;
Hut tors. U4o4»t W: IJmn«. » 10fi2 15: Pea.
$1 40-5-1 50; Red Kidney*. $2 25<f?2 60 per ctl.
r KCDS-Brown J' -"<rd. $2 75 ©3 per ctl bel
low Mustard, $2@2 50; Flax. $2 35; Canary Seed,
2Viig>2*ic per lb; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape. 2@2%c;
Hemp. Sc; Timothy. 5V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 40@l «5; Green. 120
i 06 per ctl. ■■,
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
i Asparagus did better, but the other descrip
! tions were unchanged. Onions were firmer. .
POTATOES— Karly Rose, ItOISc; River Reds,
EOQSOc; River Burbanks, 55!g60c per sack: Ore
' gon Burbanks, 50©S0c; Salinas Burbanks.
90cig$l 10; Petaluma Burbanks, 50@60c; Sweet
Potatoes, 2J<?K>oc per ctl for Rivers and 6.'>csfSl
for Merced, new Volunteer Potatoes per lb.
ONIONS— 4(Xg2 50 per ctl: Oregon. $2 65®
I 83: cut Onions, $212 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES — Apparatus, l.">!fj2oe per. lb '
for No. 1 and 10@12Hc.for No. 2; Rhubarb, $1 25 j
01 75 per box: Alametia Green Pens. 4@sc per
lb: Mushrooms, S^U^c: Marr.-nrfat Squash, $25
ii?3o per ton; Dried Peppers, 6Q'7e per 1b; Dried j
Okra, We: Cabbage, flO®7sc per ctl: Carrots. 25 i
@60c per sack; Garlle." 3i^i4Hcper ib. ; •
Lob Angeles Green Ppas, : String Beans.
: Tomatoes. t\ti\ 25; Green Peppers, 25c
per lb: Summer Squash, : Egg Plant. 15c; j
per lb: Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c(fi'$l per dozen. i
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw. 12c per. lb' In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c: granulated raw.
13c: Onions. 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage. 80c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c: turnips.
2T.c; String Beans. 30c:' Tomatoes. 60c
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold at 10(Jfl3e for Tur
keys, $;"> BO® 6 for Ducks, .$1 50 for Geese, $r.f?«
for Hens, $6@7 50 for young Roosters, $4 50@5
for old Roosters and $5 50,67 for Fryers.
Local stock was rather weaker, owing to
these receipts from the East.
There was no particular change in Game.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12igi3c for Gob
blers and 12fil3c for Hens: dressed Turkeys.
13@15c per lb: Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50: Gos
lings. $2 sO<§3; Ducks. $4 ft 5 for old and $6 50(@!
8 50 for young; Hens. J4Ti3: Roosters, young,
$7@7 50; Roosters, old. $4^5; Fryers. $6@7;
Broilers. $5 ,rio<s6, r io<s6 for large and $l@t 50 for
small; Pigeons, $2 25 per dozen for young and
$1 25 for old.
GAME— Gray Geese, $1 75<?2; White, 50c;
Brant, 75c(g»l: Honkers, $3; Hare. 75c@$l; Rab
bits. jl@l 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small;
English Snipe. $232 TO; Jack Snipe. $I@l 25 per
dozen. ___^^__
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Eggs declined again and were
weak at the reduced prices, with heavy stocks.
Cheese shows no change.
HUTTER— • .
Creamery — creameries, 19@20c; seconds.
17V4®l&c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16 ,i@17c; second
grades. lo@l6c per lb.
Eastern Butter— Creamery, 17@18c; ladle
packed, 15@l«c per lb.
CHEESE mild new, 10q: common to
good. B@9Vic; Cream Cheddar. 10Q>llc; ■ Young
America, 10<g>llc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern. 12*4
@13Hc per lb.
EGGS — Ranch Eggs, lift 12c per dozen; store
Eggs, 10<gl0Vfcc.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There is no change In any description and
the market is quiet.
DECIDUOUS FKUITS—
Apples, 40@50c per box for common. 65<8>90c
for Rood to choice and $I@l 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 50®
2 50: Seedlings. 75c®$l SO: Mandarins, Jl®l 25 for
large and 50<g>75c for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, $li?fl 50; Grape Fruit. 6Oc@s2 50
per box; Lemons, 75c(jJ$l for common and
$1 25<g2 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$5 50(g6: California Limes, in small boxes, $1©
125: Bananas. $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen. •
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
. Trade Is confined to the picking up of Job
bing lots here and there by buyers, and prices
show no change. ' ; •• ■ . i
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%0 ■
4%c for 40-50' 3^4<g>4%c for 50-60' s. 3K®3')ic
for 50-70*8. 2*i@3%c for 70-SO's. 2Vi@2%c for 80
90" s, 1%@2%C for 90-100" s: ' Peaches, 2V4<g>4c
fancy, 4V*ijsc; peeled. l"@l2Vic; Apricots. 6@>6c;
for Royals and 7@7\40 for good to .ancy Moor
parka; Evaporated Apples, 6»i@>7l4c; Bun-dried.
4©sc; black Figs, in sacks. 2@2^c; Plums.
4V4^4%c for pitted and -l@lHc for unpltted;
bleached Plums, 5@5%c ; • Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2%@4%c. for quarters
and 3©sV4c for halves, according: to color, etc
RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 3U.C for four-crown. 4^c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2^c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 '10 for London layers; dried grapes. 2',4c.
NUTS— Chestnuts ore ■ quotable at 8c per
lb: • Walnuts. s<g6c for hardshell ■ and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds. 2H@3'^c for hardshell. s<g>6c
for softshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts.
4<S v 5Hc for Eastern and-4V4c for California:
Pecans, 6V{@Bc; Filberts/ 8H<»10c: Brazil Nuts,
8«?9c per lb;. Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100. . .
HONEY— Comb. B@loc for bright and 59
7c for lower grades: new water white extract
ed. 4%©5 c; light amber extracted. 3\@4Vic
P< BEESWAX— 23®-2Fc per lt>. ,
' "'. : .: PROVISIONS.
Bacon Is firm at the advance. The demand
for • all descriptions is as active as ever. ':.-■': -;■.--■
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12V4c for -cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10H@lic; Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess do, $10: family ' do, 111012; Salt I Pork,
$9- extra prime Pork, $10; extra dear. $1S;
mess, $16: Smoked Beef. ll©l2c per lb.
LAUD— Eastern tierces quoted at 64c per !b
for compound and 7c 1 for - pure; palls, 7%c;
California < tierces, 5%c per lb for compound
and 6\4c for pure: half-barrels, 6\c: - 10-lb
tins, 7"c; do 5-lb, Be. '.*<!>■. '
■ COTTOLENE— Tierces, ■ . 6H<S^Hc; ' packages,
less than . «ro • Tt:— 1-It> pails. 60 in a case.- 874 c:
8-Ib pails. 20 in n case, SHe; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case, B>4c: 10-lb palls. (I in a case. BHc; 50-rb
tins, one or two In a case. 7Hc: wooden buck
ets 20 lbs ne','7"nic: fancy tubs. .80 lbs net. 7%c;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs. 7Hc per Tb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lr -under souri stock. Heavy salted steers.
10& c; medium, 9'/*c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9©a^4c; stags, 6c; salted Kip, lOc; Calf;
lie; dry. Hides, 17©17Hc; culls and brands, lift
@14c; dry Kip and Veal, 14@15c: dry Calf. 18'<J
2«c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 30<&37}ic each;
Kids. s@loc;. Deerskins. .good .summer, KifiOo
per It>: medium, 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20&30 c each; short wool, 40@70c
each; medium, 7u@uOc; lons wools. 90c®*l 30
each. > r . , ■ ■
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3%c per It>; No.
2, 2@2Hc; refined, Sc; Grease. 2®2i£c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain. 9<Sllc:' free Northern, 12
<gl3c; do defective, !»<fillc per lb.
HOPS— OId crop. 2<s«c for poor to fair and 80
10c for good; new crop. ll<??14c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal ;■ Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL — Wellington, $10 per ton; New • Wel
lington. $10; Seattle, $6 DO; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 75; Wallsend. $9; Scotch, $10; Cumber
land. $10 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton:
Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley, $9; . Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in
sacks.
RlCE— Chinese mixed. $4 23 per ctl; No.
1. $4 5094 80; extra No. 1, $5@5 20; Hawaiian,
$4 75; Japan. ?S@s 15; Rangoon, $4??4 25.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany Quotes terms net cash: Cube Crashed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c; Powdered, 6-% c; Pry.
Granulated. s*4c: Confectioners' A. 3*ic: Mag
nolia A. 6%e: Extra C, 5Uc: Golden C. o^c:
Candy Granulated. s"s,c: California A. sic per
lb; half barrels '4c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. ■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Another advance In Mutton and Lamb Is
noted, and prospects are good for a further rise,
as feed is extremely short Just where It Is
most needed. Air other descriptions remain as
previously quoted.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6^<g7c; second do, 5%@
6c; third do. 4@sc per Ib. . ■ '
VEAL— Large, 6(g6^c; small. 7@Ec per lb.
MUTTON— 9c: Ewes. SH@9c per tb.
LAMB— Spring, 12W@15c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4'^c for large, 4H<7J4V4c
for small and 4%'f/4»i for medium; stock Hogs.
3@3%c; dressed Hogs, 6.37 c per lb.
— RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. March 4.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.82S Middlings, sks .. 120
Wheat, ctls 60,54!' Hay. tons 256
Barley, ctls 1,240 Pelts, bdls 1,735
Butter, ctls 266 Hides, no . * ISS
Cheese, ctls 87 Leather, rolls ... 232
Beans, sks 30.i;ERRS. doz 21,240
Potatoes, sks ... 1.822 rhieory. bbls .... 28
Onions, 6ks 73 I Wine, gals 63,200
Bran, sks 83! Lime, bbls SI
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 11,843 I Onions, sks 135
Wheat, ctls 3.1*1 Bran, sks 646
Barley, ctls 3.910 Middlings, sks .. 360
Oats, ctls , 2.540 Shorts, sks 3,145
Potatoes, sks ... 4.764
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.056 1 Bran, sks 400
Wheat, ctls 23 1 Shorts, sks 950
Oats, ctls 2,570
""•*
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
There are a good many changes this week.
Butter and Eggs are cheaper. Poultry and
game Is much dearer, and wild Ducks and
Quail are dropped from the list of Game.
Mutton Ik dearer and will probably be
dearer still, owing to the scarcity of feed In
the sheep districts. Beef also shows a ten
dency to rise.
Asparagus and Rhubarb are now coming in
freely and both are getting cheaper every
day. Green Peas are also getting more plen
tiful.
There Is no change worthy of note In fruits,
though Limes continue scarce.
Fish Is about the ?ame as last week.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ f?l2 00 ' Castle Gate. 9 50@10 00
Wellington . <gll! 00 Plensant VI. II 00®
New Welling- Southfield
ton ffl2 00 Wellington ©12 00
Seattle 8 50^ .Coos 8ay....- @7 75
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per I Common Eggs. I2>iigi—
square 45@— 'Banch Eggs, per
Do. per roll — w4O doz 15/a>—
Do. good 37^<3 — Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Cal 12firlf,j lb 12«15
Cheese, Eastern.. 15©20 j Do. extracted. .. SMio
Cheese, Swies 20^301
Meats, per pound- : ■ •' : ■':■■
Bacon 12@17 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, choice 12&13 Pork, salt 10<g>12
Do, 'erood: .... B©lo Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef Bsi 10 Round Steak B@lo
Ham, Cal... U%#l6 1 Sirloin Steak 12^4©—
Do, Eastern — — <fj'ls l Porterhor«e, d0..17ig.20
Lard 12@1.=; 6moked Beef ©15
Mutton. Iliffl2 Pork Sausages — @20
Spring .Lamb 20®25 Veal I*ols
Fruits and Nuts- . ■ j
Almonds, 1b.......12@15 Limes, d 0*.... mi&
Apples, lb 3@ 5 ; Oranges, doz ISBSt
Bananas, doz l."&20 ( Raisins, 1b.......SS > 12' / »
Cranberries - . 12 1 i<?? — .Walnuts, lb , 15©—
Lemons, d0z1......20©25r.\ i -- ■ ■ i~ .-
Poultry and Game — :'.i ;
Hens, each.... 50® 65 Geese. each....l 25' gil 75
Young Roost- - . ! Pigeons, pair. 25®. 50
ere. each —'3"'t : Rabbits, pair. -eh 40
Old Roosters, '.Hare, each @ 20
. each 50® 60 ■ Wild Geese, pr 40® 50
Fryers, each.. 65<?r — j English Snipe.
Broilers, each. Wit 50 i ■ doz 3 00<?r
Turkeys, pr lb 164? IS i Jack Snipe, dzl 50@-
Ducks, each... 65@1 00 ! i'f,'';}'\
Vegetables —
Asparagus, Ib ISWSO- Pried . Okra, 1b.... — JJ2O
Arttch'ks. dz 65®75 Onions, lb 4@ 5
Beets, dox 12@15 : Peppers, dried 10^12
Beans, white, lb. 4@ 5 , Do green, Ib 40(§30
Colored, lb 4iJ£.6 Potatoes, lb 2'a i
Lima, lb ..oil € ; Parsnips, doz 15@20
Cabbage, each.... s@lo ; Do, Sweet — @ 3
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Rhubarb, 1b...:.. 8i??10
Celery, bunch s<g>— Radishes, dz bchs.lO@l2
Cress, doz bch5...20@25 Sage, lb 25®35
Cucumbers, dzl 00@l 50 String Beans, lb. — <??—
Green Peas, 1b.... 6(j? 8 Thyme, lb 20*?T30
Lentils, lb 6@ 8 Turnips, doz 15@20
Lettuce, doz 15<&25 Tomatoes, lb 10@15
Mushrooms, lb ..12@20
Fish, per pound-
Barracuda - 12015 Shad 10@—
Carp 5® S Sea Bass — —
Codfish Wl« Smelts 150—
Flounders .*<&■s Soles .......... ...;lO<3 1 12
Herring 5@ 6 Skates, each 5<310
Halibut — #1! Sturgeon ...12®—
Klngflsh @10 Tomcod ..;.15@— '
Mackerel — @ — I Clams, gal —^50
Do. Horse — <8— j Do. hardshell, 100.50<3>—
Perch 10©12 Crabs, each..;. ...12(315
Pompano 1 Wig — i Do, softshell. dz.25®35
Rockflsh 12*15 1 Mussels, qt 10®12
Salmon, smoked.. 2ol?— Oysters, Cal, 100.40® —
Salmon, fresh.... 15@20 Do, Eastern, d0z.25@40
Shrimps B@lo
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were rather weaker again,
though the decline was Insignificant.
The usual good business was done on the
Stock and Bond Exchange, and there were
no violent fluctuations In anything.
The Daly-West Mining Company of Utah
has elected the following officers and direc
tors for 1898: John J. Daly, president; O. J.
Salisbury, vice president; Dr. Allen G. Fowler,
secretary and treasurer; Ezra Thompson and
W. S. McCormlck. The manager's report for
1897 states that ore valued at $53,000 was sold.
Owing to delayed bullion returns the Santa
Rosalia Mining Company has not yet declared
a dividend for the current month. The com
pany has paid at the rate of 10 cents per
share monthly for quite a time.
The annual report of the Horn Silver Mining
Company for the year ending December 31,
1897 shows receipts, including cash on hand,
of $449,290; expenses, J225.701; dividend No. 38
of o cents a share, $20,000, leaving a balance
on hand of $200,589.
The Sacramento Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend of 1 cent per share, amount-
Ing to $5000, on February 2S.
The South Swansea Mining Company of Utah
will pay a dividend of 5 cents per share,
amounting to $7500, this month.
The Victor Gold Minlnp Company of Colo
rado paid a dividend of 25 cents per share,
amounting to $Jo.oOci, on March 1.
Investors who have watched the transac
tions on the Stock and Bond Exchange of late
have been surprised at the remarkable progress
made by this institution during the past year.
It Is becoming to San Francisco what the
Stock Exchange is to New York. Its Bales
thus far this year amount to SI, 105 shares,
against 40,640 during the same time In 1597. or
an Increase of over 100 per cent.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
for the week ending February 26 the regular
exploratory work was done in the New, Moyle,
Black, Main Standard. Maguire and Fortuna
veins. The east crosscut on the Main Stand
ard vein, on the 318-foot level, has a 30-tnch
vein of ore In the face that is looking well,
and the north drift In the Black vein, on the
same level, shows 5 Inches of good ore on the
hanging wail side, with favorable indications.
The stopes have yielded the usual amount of
ore from the following ledges: Security, Moyle,
Bullion, Black, Incline, Maguire and Fortuna,
on the 150, 200, 265, 31S, 336, SSO, 455 and 352-foot
levels.
Standard Mill Statement — Ore crushed for
the week, 310 tone; average assay vanner tail
ings, $7 64; concentrates produced, 3 tons; as
say value. $175 70; amalgam produced, 940 troy
ounces; value per ounce. $2 34.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, March 4—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 49 51
is quar c0up.. 112 113% Pac Gas Imp.. 90% —
4s quar re«..112%— Pac L Co 54^55*4
4s quar new. ..125 — SF G & E.... 90% 91
Miscellaneous— San Fran Z% 3%
Cal-st Cab ss.llatt. llatt — Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Cal El Ss 126V4 — Insurance—
C C Wat ss. ..102^103 Flrem's Fnd...1&5 —
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks —
K-L & P 65. 128 131 Anglo-Cal . ... <X 70
F & Ch Ry 65.115 117 Bank or Ca1.. 247 —
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. 39 101
HO & S 5>4j..105 — First Nat ....204 220
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A...1324 —
[Do gntd 65.. 100 101H Mer Exehnge.. — 15
Market-st 65..126»i128 Nev Nat 8...155 —
Do Is M ss. 1131*114 Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
N C Ugßy 7b. 102 — Hum S & L.1050 ÜBO
NRy Car53.'.102H — ~ ' Mutual Say. 35 V4O
N Ry Cal 65..1 ll l 4 —'• Bf Say U.. 4SO 496
NPC R R 65.10414 — ; S & L 50:... — 100
NPC Ky 58.1004 — Security S B 150 . —
"N'Cal R 55.. — — * Union T ColOlO ~ —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Street Railroad—
Do 2d Is 55. .111 — California ....10M^4110
Om Ry 65.."...130 — Geary 40 —
P& O 65..... 110 ' — Market-st 53%' 54 **i
P&Ch Ry 6s. 108% — Oak SL& H. - - 1
Powell-st 6s ..118 — Presidio 4*l 8%
Reno WL&L.. 100 . — Powder- • .
Sac Elecßyos. — 100 ! California — 110 —
BF& NP* ss. 107 107U E Dynamite ..SO 90
BPof Ar 6s. 103% — Giant Con Co. 43»4 44
B P Cai 65.... — 113 VlKorit 3^ Z%
SVC Is c« 55.. — 99Vi Miscellaneous— :, '.
S P Br 6s — 1121* Al Pac Assn.. 9S*4 99
I V Wat 65.. .11S — 'Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat 45. ..103 V* — Hana P C 0... 20 —
Stock Gas Is.. - 103 V* H C & S Co.. 31% M*
Water— Hutch S P Co. 45 4..-1 •
Contra Costa.. — 65 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co ....50 — Nat Yin C 0...— 7H
Spring Val ...10154101V4 Oceanic S Co. 57 o.V»
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.. 1% —
Cent Gaslight. MM! — - *<' Bor Co.-.. 96% ~~
MEL C 0..... 13% — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MORNING SESSION. ■
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 32 00
440 do do 5 2,,.
50 do do .......:..... 31 OH :
50 Mutual Electric Light 13 .5.
JO Market-street Railway s>4 00
80 Vigorit Powder 3 '°
150 Hiitchinson S. P Co « »
$2000 Edison L A P Bonds 128 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.. j<o '•">•
IS do do 90 624 &
2'i Oceanic Steamship Co D * -->
2» do do > M
$2000 Omnibus Cable Bonds "8 «o
Street—
J4OOO Spring Valley 6s Bonds .-..US 00
AFTERNOON SESSION.
250 S F Gas & Electric Co 90 75
50 do do s 60 90 50
250- do do ...90 75
50 do do b2 .' ....90 75
ISO Oceanic Steamship', Co 67 50
25 do do ..'. .57 15
21 do do 57 00
160 S F Gaslight- 3 62^i
50 Hutchinson S P Co. b 3 *■• 12 1 *
200 . do do 45 121*
375 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 31 75
50 do s do b 10 SI 75
$2000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 118 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp 90 50
35 do do 90 75
20 Spring Valley Water 101 37^
Street—
$5000 Northern Cal Ry 5s Bonds 102 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session — 10:30.
25 Hutchinson S P Co '. 46 25
Street— ■ - ... ?v.y-.>:
15 S F Gas & Electric 90 50
40 Spring Valley Water 10125
Afternoon Session. '
50 Giant Powder 43 75
$2000 Market-street 5s 113 25
20 Spring Valley Water 101 12<4
10 Market-street Ry Co : 54 1214
Street— \
50 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 31 75
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ',
400 Alpha 081250 Potosl 17
200 N G & C 15 i 100 Savage , M
Afternoon Session. .■ '
100 Best A Belcher 34 200 Ophlr 45
LOO Con Cal & Va.. 80 1 200 Potosl It
50 Confidence ...... 65 100 18
500 Con New York.. 02 50 Sierra Nevada.. 91
200 Crown Point ... 13 ] 100 ".. 97
100 Justice 2S|
Following were the Bales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: .
Morning Session.
200 AHa .: 16 100 Ophlr 43
500 Andes 10 500 Potosl 17
400 Belcher 22 500 13
750 Con Cal & Va.. 81 500 S B & M 04
200 Gould & Curry.. 17 •. 150 Sierra Nevada. .l 00
300 18 I ?00 Union Con 32
100 Mexican 30 100 Jellow Jacket... 21
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 33 250 Potosl ...". 17
200 Chollar 36 300 Savage 22
200 35 400 Sierra Nevada.. 96
200 Crown Point ... 13 1 150 ...... ....1 P5
700 Gould & Curry.. IS I*oo Union Con 33
30» Mexican 30 200 33
100 Ophir 44 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. : ..
FRIDAY. March 4—4 p. in.
Alpha 08 0a Justice-......"..; 28 30
Alta 15 16 Kentuck 02 03
At.<ie» OS 10 Lady Wash.... — 03
Belcher 21 22 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 33 34 Occidental ... 160 —
Bullion 07 08 Ophlr 43 44
Caledonia — 2!* Overman 11 12
Chollar 35 36 Potosi 16 17
Con Cal ft Va. 80 81 Savage 21 22
Challenge .......27 29 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial . — 01 Scorpion — 06
Confidence .... 65 — Sierra -Nevada. 94 96
Crown .Point... 13 • 14 Silver Hi11,^... — 02
Con New York. 103. 03 Syndicate ....'.' — 05
Eureka ' — 25 Standam. .:.V.".l r* —
Exchequer 04 —[Union Con . 32 33
Gould & Curry. 17 IS 1 "Utah 08 10
Hale & Norcrs.l 45 1 50 ! Yellow Jacket. 21 22
Julia 01 02 ■
THE CALL C i-ENDAR.
March. 1898.
Mo
Moon's
2
8
,8
. i
11
jvi/
Mar 8.
13
20
37
M
21
i"ST
15
22
16
I 17
- Quarter
V& Mar. U.
a New Moon,
W Mar. 32.
»
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point. Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of th»
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MARCH- 1896.
Saturday. March 5.
Sun rises •• -•- 0:34
Sun sets 8:03
Moon sets. '.........4:51
JTlme
II w
'Feat
4-.:
5:
s:i
H 1
10:86
11:19
12:06
L W
6:3 a
7:24
4:
4:
6::
6:1
H 1
I*
2:1
11:52
l'w
0.7
0.4
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide oC
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand t lumn gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractive front i
the depth given by the charts. J
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
risaba iMexlco „
urma |Nanahro
ama Rosa. ... iSan Dleeo
ristol Departure Bay
lomer Newport
fashtenaw... . Tacoma.
008 Bay Newport
late ot Cai Portiano
rescent City . Crescent City
eaiandla I Honolulu
ity Puebia. . . . Victorlr. ana Pujret Sound
;nipir« Coos Bay
Hutnboldt
Ity of Sydney . Panama
(umooklt Alaska
[oana [Svdnoy
omona. |San Diesro
laeklnaw Tacoma.
rcata ICoosßay ~
forth For* j aumDoidt
olumoia i Portianrt
STEAMERS TO SAIL..
Steamer. '
ATIOX
Sails.
)tner
I.ton !
L
OKI
Ua ..
Coos 8ay.....
Portland
A1a5ka........
Vie A P«rt Stnl
Humbolat
I Panama. :...
San Dtesro....
Humboidt ....
Alaska .
! Mexico ......:
! Newport ..
'■ Portland
I Humbldt Bay.
S:in Diego
I A1a5ka........
I Sydney:...-. 1 ...
[Mar !5. t pm
Mar 6.10 a m
Mar 7. 4 P»l
I Mar T. 10 am
Mar- J.. « AM
I Mar 8.12 . M
Map 8. 11 am
{Mar 0.10 am
Mar 9, ..
Mar 1(». 10 AM
Mar 10. it am
Mar 10..10 a m
Mar 11, '.» am
Mar U. U as»
Mar 12 ....:.
Mar 12. .2 p.m
Mar ■ 12, 1 pji
Mar 12. 10 ami
Pier a
Pier 21
I Pier i
Pier 2
P M S3
Pier U
Pier j
izaba .. . :
O» iIHV . . I
ite of Cai i
scott i
'•Pler"9
(Pier 9
Pier li
! Pier 24
Pier 13
Pier 11
niona . . !
Pier 7
|PM S3
I Pier 9
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographia
Office, located in the Merchants'. Exchange, >■
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality id<
free of expense. ■ ■ • \ -A
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th%
office, where complete sots of charts and sail
ing - directions of the world are kept on hand
for .. comparison and reference, ■■ and the latest.
information can always be -obtained regarding
lights, -dangers' to ; navigation and all matter*
of Interest to rs-au commerce. • ■
' The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is . dropped at noon. - 120 th meridian,
by ; telegraphic I signal received [ eacb. day t torn• the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
: Island, Cai.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. is
■'.' published the same day by the afternoon
■ papers, and by the mornlnp paper? the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
-■ Lieutenant. IT. S. V.. In charg"
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Ofr.<.c U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, March
4. 1898.
The rime ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the
120 th "meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m., Green
wich time. V.'. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In cnarge.
SIIIPriA'G IATEL.L.IGENCE.
AHRIVEO
Friday. March 4.
Stmr Columbia, Ooodall. 56V4 nous from |
Portland, via Astoria 44»4 hours.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, 76 hours from New- I
port.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, IS hours from
Cleone.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, S days from
Albion.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Raves.
Schr Mary E Russ, Asmussen, 25 days from
Port Ludlow.
Stmr Orizaba. Yon Helms, 14 days frm Guay
mas, via Ensenada 54 hours.
CLEARcD.
Friday. March 4.
Br ship General Neumayer, Maheo, Cape
Town; Catton, Bell & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, March 4.
Stmr Gipsy. I.eland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr "Weeott, Miller, Crescent City.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. 48 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Stmr Samoa. Johnson. San Pedro.
Schr C H Merchant, OUen. Usal.
Bark Mohican, Saunderß, Honolulu.
Schr La Chilena. Campbell, Fort Ross.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 4—lo p. Weather,
thick; wind, SW; velocity, 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
' The Elwell loads coal at Nanaimo for this I
port; Gwynedd, wheat at Portland for Eu- i
rope, 3Ss 9d; Pallas, lumber at Hastings Mills ]
for Europe, 57s 6d; Wawona, lumber at Grays \
Harbor for Santa Rosalia. • .
MEMORANDUM.
Per Nettle Sundborg — Was in collision yes- !
terday outside the heads with the schr Reli- i
ance, and sustained very slight damage.
« SPOKEN.
Feb 3— Lat 11 S. long 30 W, Br ship Lamorna
hence Oct 1, for Hartelpool.
Feb Lat 6 N, long 69 XV, Br ship Anaurus,
hence Nov 5, for Queenstown.
Feb 14— Lat 6 N. long 29 W, Br ship Routen
burn, hence Nov 11, for Queenstown.
No date— Lat 50 S, long 33 M W, ship Aryan,
from New York, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 3— Ship
Wachusett. hence Feb 19.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 4— Bark Rufus E
"Wood, hence Feb 20.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived March 4— Schr
Fanny Dutard, from Hueneme.
HUENEME— SaiIed March Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— March 3— Schr Orient, he J
Feb 22.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 4— Schr
Pioneer, hence Feb 26; schr Emma Utter, hence
Feb 25.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived March 3— Bktn
J M Griffith, from San Pedro.
PORT ANGELES— In bay March Chil brk
Eliza, from Antofagasta.
EUREKA— Arrived March 4 — Stmr Homer,
hence March 3.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 4— Schr Mag
■ gle C Russ. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 4— Bark Semlnole,
hence Feb 2*; bark Rufus E Wood, hence Feb
M.
ASTORIA— March 4— Stmr State of
California, hence March 2.
COOS BAY— Sailed March Schr Gotama,
for San Francisco.
PORT BL.AKELEY— Arrived March 4— Schr
John D Tallant. from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 4— Stmr Valencia,
hence March 1. >■-;'
EASTERN POrtTo.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 3— Stmr Alll
enca, from Colon.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed March 3— Ship Servla,
ptmr Leelanaw. for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CARDIFF— SaiIed March 3— ship Blyths
wood. for Esquimau.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed March— Br ship Godiva
for Havre.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Jan 28— Schr Con
cord, from Portsmouth, for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Arrived Feb — Stmr City of Syd
ney, hence Jan IS.
MONTEVIDEO— Passed Feb IS — Br stmr In
drapura, from Tacoma. for St Vincent.
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiIed Feb 26— Ger. ship
Alice, for Oregon.
MELBOURNE— SaiIed Feb 12— ship Drum
blair for San Francisco, via Newcastle, NSW.
ACAPTV>- Palled March 4- Stmr, City of
Sydney, for' "Hah Francisco. '. : .
'KOBE— Railed Feb 3— Br ship Willscott, for
Royal Roads. . " - -
' CALETA BUEN A— Sailed March Bark
Helper, for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 5— Stmr
Rhynland. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool and
proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March s— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed March s— Stmr Switzer
land, for Philadelphia.
NEW YORK. Arrived March 4— Stmr Lu
canla, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
B-cIAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George W. and Annie M. inkle to Char
lotte H. Foster. lot on W line of Shrader street,
60 S of Beulah. S 25 by W $1:3; $10.
John Reid to Annie Reid, lot on E line of
Mission street. 60 N of Nineteenth. N SO by E
122:6; gift.
Samuel O. Putnam to Katherine P. Hooker.
Wary E. Shephard, Elizabeth W.. Osgood and
Edward W. Putnam, lot on . N line of. Wash
ington street. 192:6 E of Mason, N 137:6 by E
40 (quitclaim deed); $5. , .
Michael H. McCafferty to Anne McCafferty,
lot on W line of Wall place, 63:6 N of Jackson
street, N 23 by W 60; gift.
Richard H. Bell (by John Frleden. attorney)
and Mary E. Bell to Mary A. O'Connor, lot on
SW line of Rausch street, 100 SE of Howard.
EE 25 by SW 112; $10.
United Land Association and Clinton C. Trlpp
to Thomas Knight, lot on NW corner of Eighth
and Channel streets. NE 387:10, W 120. NE
137:2. W 120, S"\V 525. E 240; also S B block 41.
bounded by Seventh and Eighth, Berry and
King streets; $10.
William A. McGrath to Isabella Lamed, lot
on NE corn€-r of J street and Thirteenth ave
nue, H 137:6 by E 137:6: gift.
Thomas an/l Margaret Stewart to Henry and
Catherine Wittkopp. lot 481. gift map 2; $10.
Leopold Kelfft-r to California Title and In
surance Company; lots 31, 32, 35, 36 and 39,
block 34, Sunnyslde; $10.
E. and Honors Purcell to George K. Frlnk,
lot 31. block 234, ON and H Tract (quitclaim
deed) ; $10.
William. 8. and Nellie Joy to Fairmount Loan
Association lot on S line of Lobos street. 390
E of Orizaba, E 37:6 by S 125, block L, Rail
road Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
Alfred TV. and Florence C. Burrell to Grace
W. Burrell, lot on NE corner of Plymouth and
Telegraph avenues, E 45.50. N 107.03, W 52, S
Telegraph avenues. E 46.50. N 147.01, W 52, S
logical Seminary Tract No. 2. Oakland; $10.
Florence Mills to Frar.cis S. Page, lot on
NE line of East Sixteenth street, SO SE of
Seventh avenue. SE 25 by NE 100. block 84,
Clinton, East Oakland; also lot on W line of
Filbert street. 152 S of Twelfth, 8 37:6 tiy W
125 Oakland; also property In San Francisco;
$10.
Silas Plmock to Lizzie Dlmock, lot on NE
corner of Twenty-first avenue and East Fif
teenth street, E 50 by N 140, East Oakland;
J and Clara M. Aronson to Walter J. Me-
Oruth, lot 2. block 2109 Alden Tract at Temes
cal. Oakland Annex; $10.
Riley A. and Emma A. Boggess to Thomas
D Rlordan. lot on NE corner of Telegraph
road and Hudson Etreet. E 473 by N 467:3,
block Q. Vernon Park. Oakland Annex: $10.
R. J. McMullen to L. W. Forsting, undivided
half intereft In lots 1 to C, block A, lots 7 to
12 block B, iota 1, 2. $. 6. 9 and 10, block C,
Home View Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Emelle Thuytte to Jennie Mac Donald. lot on
N line of Russell street. 154 W of Ralston. W
62 10. N 154:10. E 52:*V4, S 153 to beginning,
block 8. State University Homestead Associa
tion No. 3. Berkeley; $10.
Mark Voegelln to Marx Blum, lot on A\ line
of Bray avenue. 607.45 N of Ea»t Fourteenth
street, N 72.60 by W 300. being portion of Bray
Tract Brooklj'n Township, quitclaim deed; $1.
Marx and Barbara Blum to Arthur Galloway,
same. Brooklyn Township: $10.
J. A. Crane to J. S. Burpee, lot on S line of
Park street (properly Thirty-fifth or Walton),
18!.g\4 E of San l'ablo avenue. E 25. 8 139:8,
W 25 N* 129:6 V. to beginning, Oakland: $10.
A. P. and Lett* W. Holland to V. P.
Mltchels. lots 25 and 26, block 553, Sotchler
Tract, Oakland, subject to a mortgage for
$1760: $10.
Helen G. Harrlnon to Louis T. Harrison, lot
on NE line of East Tenth street. 70 VW of
Ninth avenue. NW 70. NE 150. SE 40. SW 30,
SE 80. SW 120 to beginning, block 18. Clinton,
East Oakland: SlO.
Rose D. Polrler to A. F. and J. B. Poirler, lot
m E line of Shattuck avenue, formed by line
dividing the lands of Rose D. Polrier &nd B.
W. James intersecting said line of Shnttuck ,
avenue. E 107.38. N r.9.86. to a point 100.47 E
from East Shatturk. thence W 100.47. S 123. G0
to beginning', containing .29 of an acre. Oak- i
land Annex; gift.
Allie M. Pearson to Frances A. Smith, the ;
W portions of lots 88 and 100. plat 6. Mountain j
View Cemetery. Oakland Township: $1.
Alameda Saving* Bank to E. K. Tayjor. be- '
pinning at a point marked by a stake 160 X !
and 150 N from S line of subdivision 36, Ala- !
meda Park Homestead, thence E 32.60. R f.2,
W 32.80. N "2.12 to beginning. Alameda: $ r t.V
Frances F. Victor to Elizabeth E. Williams,
lot 17. Hawley Tract. Alamrda: $600.
Robert T. Maclvor to Edel Herht. lot on E
line of Shattuck avenue, 4f> R of Ward street.
E 125.13. S 22:5. W 12 r i.R6. N 22:6 to »*rlnnlr»K.
being the N half of lot 17. block n. nou'liem
portion of Blake Estate, Berkeley; $:.00.
W. F.. and Ermlniß Dstreie to Jo»eph A.
Bouquet, lot 6, Hose Tract, Brooklyn Town
ibis; $5.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WOODWARD IS
HEARD AT LAST
The Councilman Before
the Grand Jury
for an Hour.
Inquiry Is Going Back to
Where the Bold Scheme
Began.
Many Subpenas Are Issued, Made
Returnable for Next
Tuesday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 4.
The Grand Jury is gradually working
backward, and it will soon be seeking
information regarding the circum
stances surrounding the appointment
of the last Republican City Convention.
It was at that time that the scheme
resulting in the passage of the extor
tionate water rate ordinance had its
birth. In some unaccountable manner
the Republican City Central Commit
tee surrendered the authority of ar
ranging for primaries to a committee
of twenty-one, which in turn named
J. E. CROOKS, Foreman of the Grand Jury That Is Investigating:
Stones cf Briber/ in Oakland.
the one hundred delegates to the mv- j
nicipal convention. At that time talk
of bribery was commenced, and it has
been kept up ever since, and the Grand
Jury intends to begin at the source if
It can find out where the source lies.
To-day Colonel L. L. Bromwell was a
witness. He it was who presented a !
petition to Councilman Upton asking
that he vote against the alternation of
the hydrants. Mr. Upton voted against i
the measure, believing that it is better j
to have the full benefit of both com
panies in case of fire. Colonel Bromwell
was asked why he was interested in
the petition and as to his connection
with the water companies, but little in
formation was gained.
This afternoon E. W. Woodward,
after being kept two days in the hall
way, was before the jury for an hour
and was very closely questioned about
his brief official life. He was asked
about his first interview with the
Mayor, when he was told by Mr.
Thomas that he was to be a Council
man, and also regarding the sources
whence he received his information
that caused him to vote for water rates
at such short notice. The major had a
very interesting and trying time for
an hour, and was told to come back
next Tuesday afternoon, to which time
the Grand Jury adjourned.
The District Attorney made out a
large bunch of subpenas this afternoon,
and next Tuesday it is probable that
some of the members of the solid six
will be on hand for examination.
This morning Major Woodward was
served with a notice that his modest
office rent of $7 50 would be $100 after
April 1. "I don't know whether I will
go or not," said the Mayor. "I consider
su£h action unfair, and it is the least
of my troubles. I shall not cross the
bridge till I get to it, and the request
of my office associates was very undig
nified."
Harry W. Thomas, secretary of the
Board of Works, was in attendance on
the Grand Jury all yesterday and to
day, but he has not yet been exam
ined, and was told to return next Tues
day. ,____■_—————
CAR JUMPED THE TBACK.
Three Persons Injured by an Acci
dent on the Shattuck-Avenue
Electric Line.
BERKELEY, March 4.— An electric car
of the Oakland Consolidated line jumped
the track this afternoon as it was making
the turn from Shattuck avenue into Ade
line street. North Berkeley, and injured
three people. Mr*. Frank Becker of 3024
Deakln street, North Berkeley, was
struck by the car, and besides receiving
a. severe nervous shock she was badly
bruised about the shoulders and hips.
Mrs Becker is an old lady, and is par- i
riill'v paralyzed, so she was unable to j
get out P of the way of the car Dr. P. R.
Woolsey attended her. and helped to re
mnvp her to her home.
A young lady. Miss A. Collins, who was
nrTthe car, was badly cut about the face
ami head. She was able, however, to
continue her journey to Oakland. A little
Klrl about 8 years old was also cut by
flvinc glass. No explanation has been j
rn'ide why the car should leave the I
tr-ick The car had Just completed the
tiirr 'and was moving quite rapidly. The
passengers in the car received a se/ere
shaking up and scare, but were other
wise unhurt.
Only one person in fifteen has perfect
eyes, the large percentage of defective
ness prevailing among fair-haired peo
ple. i
THE SAX FIIAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 189 S.
EBELL LADIES
IN A QUANDARY
The Question of Federa
tion to Come Up on
Tuesday.
A Committee Which Objects to
Being Suddenly Cast
Aside.
Members Are Equally Divided on a
Subject of Great Im
portance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 4.
The Ebell Society will meet Tuesday
afternoon, and the gathering is antici
pated with much interest by the two
factions— for it is a fact that there are
differences of opinion in the Ebell. The
question of State federation is now oc
cupying the attention of the ladies,
and it now appears that the question
was not disposed of at the last meet
ing as many supposed.
Mrs. A. W. Bishop holds that those
who are 'n favor o! federating with
other clubs in the State have been
beaten, while Mrs. John Russ, who is
in favor of federation, declares that the
matter is not settled, and that there
will be another debate and ultimately
a vote in its favor.
The question of whether the "Rhpi!
shall confine itself exclusively to itself,
or whether it shall in some degree lose
its identity somewhat by merging into
a State federation of clubs, was
brought up about two months ago,
and a committee was appointed to
communicate with other States and
find out how they stand in the matter
and also how the clubs regard woman
suffrage. It is admitted, though it has
not been proclaimed yet from the
housetops, that woman suffrage is at
a low ebb just now in AlamedaCounty.
It is a subject with which the Ebell
has little to do, the members realizing
that it is a delicate question. The com
mittee, therefore, was carefully in
structed to see how the State federa
tion of ladles' clubs viewed the suff
rage question.
The society was discussing the mat
ter at its last meeting when President
Bunnell asked that some one make a
motion so that the matter could be
properly discussed. To the surprise
of all, Miss Babson moved that the
committee be dismissed.
A still greater surprise was caused
when the motion carried by a small
majority. Many ladies wondered what
had happened, and. had men been
members of the Ebell, it would have
been said that it was a case of poli
tice, but politics are rigidly excluded
from the Ebell.
The committee is thus in a quandary
and has a lot of work on hand that
it does not quite know how to dis
pose of. It has correspondence from
twenty-seven States to attend to, and
it has as yet made no report, and re
fuses to consider itself disbanded at
a moment's notice. The Interest is
very keen, and the matter is far from
settled.
"The Ebell is too big and important
to refuse to keep abreast of the times,"
said a prominent member of the club
to-day. "We must branch out, and the
difference of opinion now is over the
question of whether we sha affiliate
with other clubs and form a State fed
eration, or whether we shall keep our
selves to ourselves. The club is about
evenly divided on the question, and,
as it conce-ns all our 400 and over
members, it cannot be handled hur
riedly. As a matter of fact, the ques
tion may have a permanent effect on
the future of the Ebell."
A DIVORCED WIFE'S CLAIM.
She "Wants a Portion of the Property
Left by Her Deceased Husband.
ALAMEDA, March 4.— Some time ago
Peter C. Helseley. an old smltchman, died
in this city, leaving a little piece of prop
erty, which he devised to his daughter
and three grandchildren. Within a few
days a Mrs. Wall of Clayton. Ind., has
put in a claim for a portion of the prop
erty. She claims to be the divorced wife
of deceased, and to be entitled to a por
tf. r of the property. Many years ago
Hi" .-eley deserted her and came to Cali
fornia. He bought the Alameda property
anO subsequently his wife obtained a di
vorce and married again. The claim is
now advanced that aa Helseley bought
the property before the divorce, it was
community property, and his wife is still
entitled to share in it. She has retained
counsel and will make a fight on the
lines indicated. There is just about
enough of the property to pay the fees
and costs of litigation.
DESERTED HER
AT THE ALTAR
The Bride and a Cozy
Home, but No
Groom.
Matthew Burns Dropped Out
an Hour Before the
Wedding.
The Home to Be Stripped, and the
Affair Still *» Mystery
to All.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, March 4.
On Washington's birthday Matthew
Burns left his love, Miss Julia Walsh,
and his last promise was that he would
obtain a marriage license the following
day and that they should b- Tiarried
the next day. Burns kept his promise
about getting the license, but forgot all
about the marriage ceremony, and he
cannot be found to give an explanation.
The little romance came to light to
day when Mrs. Kuhlken, who owns a
house at Berkeley, expressed her sur
prise that the parties who rented it
have not yet occupied it, although the
rent was paid in advance. About two
weeks ago the little cottage on Addi
son street was neatly furnished and
everything arranged for the event that
was scheduled for the following day.
The next morning Burns procured a
license at the County Clerk's office and
asked that it bp kept quiet as he did not
intend to use it for a few days. The
same evening he appeared at the house
early, and after expressing his satisfac
tion with the preparations he departed,
presumably to prepare himself for the
ceremony. He has not been seen since.
The prospective bride's brother has
evidently given up hope of seeing his
sister married, for he has asked the
furniture dealer to take back the goods.
Mips Walsh is said to have been so
heartbroken over the affair that she has
been sent back to relations in Ire
land. _________^__
BUTTER AND CHEESE.
Health Officers Making an Inspection
to Enforce an Ordinance.
ALAMEDA. March 4.— Having: put the :
tuberculin ordinance into effective opera- !
tion so far as it relates to the sale of j
milk from tested cows, the health au
thorities have been turning their attention
to the other portion <if the ordinance, S
forbidding the sale of butter and cheese i
except from dairies where the test has !
been applied. For some time Inspectors i
Carpenter and Maollot have been at work ;
quietly visiting tlie groceries and gather- i
ing data, ascertaining the source of sup
ply of the butter and cheese sold here,
and they will soon be ready to act. They !
will visit the dairies supplying these ar- |
tides, and wherever no test has been j
made, or tin- owners refuse to mak« such |
test, their product will be tabooed and not
be allowed to be offered for sale in this
city.
Encinal Yacht Club Meeting.
ALAMEDA. March 4.— The annual
meeting of the En'inal Yacht Club was
held Tueßday evening at the clubhouse.
The following directors were chosen: G.
T. Wright, Dr. C. L. Tisdalf. P. S. Teller.
Henry K. Field, Arthur H:ckox. H. M.
Landsberger and Martin Strauss. The
directors elected the following officers for
the ensuing term: President, C L. Tis
dale; vice-president, P. S. Teller; secre
tary and treasurer. W. 0. Hfnn; meas
urer, Charles Thorn Jr.; commodore. Cap
tain J. S. Hanley; vice-commodore, Har
old Ward. It is intended to infuse new
life into the organization and put It in
the front rank of aquatic organizations.
Left His Family.
ALAMEDA, March 4.— Manuel Tes
cheira. an employe of the narrow-gauge
road, is missing, and It is believed he has
departed in order to get rid of support
ing- his wife and child. Some time ago
his wife sued him for divorce, alleging
cruelty, and obtained a decree, as she
Stirring Incidents at the San Francisco Athletic Association,
made out her case. Teschelra was direct
ed to pay $10 a month alimony, and it is
supposed that in order to obviate doing
this he has given up his job and left for
unknown parts.
Alameda News Noies.
ALAMpDA. March 4.— The regular
meeting of the Adelphian Club will be
held to-morrow at the rooms of the socie
ty in the Tucker block.
Miss Violet May Brown, aged 28 years,
died yesterday at her home, 2126 Clement
avenue. She was a native of Kentucky
and had lived here but a few months.
The funeral will take place in San Fran-
William, Ellen, Sarah, Eben and Ruth
Higby of this city have fallen heir to a
large share of the valuable Ringot estate
In San Benito County.
Another pipe at Webster street and
Santa Clara avenue has been destroyed
by electrylosis, and had to be replaced.
Tit' Pipe iB in ffood condition except for
four or five feet on each side of the track,
where it was eaten badly and full of per
forations.
Without Becommendation.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The application of
G Angeli for a license to sell liquor at
Twenty-seventh and Grove streets was
met by a protest last night in the com
mitteee meeting. Th protestants were:
G G Kennedy. S. E. Bretz. M. H. Bous
fleld L. S. Heinbert, C. W. Kinsey, Dr. M.
W Wilson, George Patterson, E. H.
Rhodes. Frang Massing, W, G. Petit, C.
H. Mitchell, Daniel Crowley, A. H. Pratt,
H. L. Branklower, Craigie Sharp, C. G. S.
Dunhar (principal of the Durant School),
L. D. Armstrong. Mrs. K. Chambers. Z.
A. Aldrich. John Wood, Walter P. Flint,
John H. Potter, W. L. Dunn, George L.
Pierce and M. White. The application
will be submitted to the Council with
out recommendation.
JUDGE ELLSWOBTH ILL.
Judge Greene Away and the Court
Calendars Crowded Upon the
Other Judges.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The illness of
Judge Ellsworth that caneed the continu
ance of the John McGinnis murder tr«&i
yesterday, was so much worse to-day
that the Judge was not permitted to see
any one outside of the members of his
family. He has been ailing for several
days, but insisted upon keeping his place
in court. For a week past he has had a
fire behind the bench and worn an over
coat.
Judge Greene is in Now York City, and
no one knows when he will return. With
only two departments, Judges Ogden and
Hall, in operation, they find themselves
very busy men.
To-night Judge Ogden continued the
Harris-Ames suit until Tuesday next,
with the understanding that should Judge
Ellsworth fail to recover by that time
he would take up one or the other of the
criminal cases now partially heard by
Judge Ellsworth. Those are the Roeth
and McGinnis trials, both of which are
set for Tuesday morning. Judge Ogden
just completed a year's work in the crim
inal department, and his friends fear that
he will break down from the strain should
he be compelled to take it up again, as
he is an extremely hard worker.
Judge Hall's department has a civil case
set for every day next we<*k. but he stated
to-night that should Judge Ellsworth con
tinue unable to hold court 'next week,
he, too, would take a criminal case and
continue his civil cases until such a time
as the others were completed.
FELL BEFORE A TRAIN.
Narrow Escape of Miss Bessie J.
Wood While Riding a
Bicycle.
OAKLAND, March 4.— While riding a
bicycle this afternoon, in Alameda, Miss
Bessie J. Wood of Twenty-third avenue
fell in front of a local train on Railroad
avenue and was saved from being killed
by her cousin, Mr. Bert Swim. As it was
her wheel was smashed and the young
lady is nursing a badly bruised and
sprained knee.
Miss Wood is just learning to ride and
with her cousin went to Alameda to spend
an hour or two. While on the avenue
she noticed the approach of the local
train. Like many new riders she lost
her presence of mind and control of her
wheel. Instead of clearing the track she
ran into it and fell upon the rails. Mr.
Swim saw her start and knew what to
expect. Dismounting and dropping his
wheel he ran to his cousin, dragging her
off of the track just as the train passed.
. ♦ ■
Narrow Escape in the Fog.
OAKLAND, March 4.— Another collision
was narrowly averted on the bay to-day
in the dense >og. The ferry-steamer
Piedmont left this side of the bay at 12:30
p. m. with the passengers of three trains.
When off Goat Island the Arcata was
met, inward bound. They grazed one an
other, which nearly created a panic
among the passengers. They rushed for
the life-preservers, but the Arcata dis
appeared in the fog in an instant. The
Piedmont's engines were stopped and re
versed just as the Arcata came in sight,
but not in time to wholly avert the pend
ing danger.
To Farm Town Lots.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The citizens'
committee appointed to perfect plans for
the trial of the Pingree plan for
the assistance of poor families met last
evening. The finance committee will com
mence soliciting funds at once, in order
that town lots may be planted with vege
tables. The work will be in charge of
the following executive committee: First
Ward, J. A. Angwln, Second, L. N. Hager,
Third, Miss Rebecca Bek-her; Fourth, W.
R Thomas; Fifth. K. A. Hughson: Sixth,
Mr?. W. A. Jacobs; Seventh, W. C. Mas
son.
Stamp Ordinance in Court.
OAKLAND. March 4.— A. J. Mesmer of
the firm of Mesmer & Smith and W. W.
Curnow, an employe of Phelan & Fish,
were arrested for giving away trading
stamps, in violation of the anti-stamp
ordinance recently passed by the Council.
The facts are admitted by the defendants,
but they claim the ordinance is unconsti
tutional. Arguments will be made by the
attorneys for the stamp company and
City Attorney Dow and Prosecuting At
torney Meivin before Judge Allen at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Bey. R. H. Sawyer Arrives.
OAKLAND. March 4.— Rev. R. H. Saw
yer, the new pastor of the Central Chris
tian Church, from Anaconda. Mont., ar
rived to-day with his wife and son. They
teenth street for the titnfe being. Next
have taken up their residence at 574 Thir-
Sunday morning Mr. Sawyer will occupy
his pulpit for the first time. His theme
will be "The Power of Life." In the
evening he will discuss "The Man With
Beliance Gun Club Shoot.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The members of
the Reliance Gun Club have arranged for
a bluerock shooting match on their
grounds, southeast of the Webster-street
bridge. It will take place next Sunday,
and the boys anticipate some fine sport.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, March 4.— The Alameda
County Junior Christian Endeavor con
vention meets Saturday afternoon at 2:30
o'clock at the First Baptist Church.
Rev E. R. Bennett, who recently came
to the Twenty-third avenue Baptist
Church from Los Angeles, was tendered
a reception to-night in the church. A
large number of clergy and lay members
of other churches were present.
Hon Irving M. Scott will be the prin
cipal speaker on the nineteenth anniver
sary of the organization of the local Y.
The answer of the Southern Pacific
Railway in the suit of the City of Oak
land to recover $7866 75 delinquent taxes
for IS5>6 denies that the city has a legal
charter. _ , , , .
City Treasurer Gilpin has refused to
pay the warrant of Louis Walker for $250
for medical services. City Attorney Dow
advised him that it was illegal. A suit
is now probable after ita lengthy rounds.
CELEBRATED
WITH PUNCHES
The San Francisco Ath-
letic Club in New
Quarters.
Three Fast Fights for the
Local Amateur Cham-
pionship.
Monthly Meetings "Will Be Held and
a Ladies' Night Soon to Bo
Arranged.
"Talk about the Ryan-Green fight,
why they ain't In it. The San Fran
cisco Athletic Club is the only place
to see true sport." Such were the
remarks passed last evening after the
programme arranged by the associa
tion to celebrate the opening of their
new quarters at Sixth and Shipley
streets had been played out.
Three special contests for the ama
teur championship of the local clubs
had been arranged for, and the way
the gloves landed on the anatomy of
the various contestants was proof pos
itive ihat the goes were for blood and
the reputation of the several clubs rep
resented by hard-hi*ting youths.
Mr. Denehy was unanimously de
clared to be ths master of ceremonies
and he carried off his part with good
grace and satisfaction to the large
audience present. President of the Club
Alex Greggains made the opening re
marks and the sport was on. The first
attraction of the evening was in the
form of heavy lifting with the teeth
by Professor Leo Arnodo, and the
weight of dumbbells placed in the lift
ing apparatus was finally discovered
to be 300 pounds. The work of the
professor was heartily cheered, but it
was easily seen that the audience was
awaiting more blood-stirring or blood
spilling exercise.
The first go was between Peter Mc-
Fadden of the Manhattans and Jack
Maynard of the S. F. A. C. The lads,
who were but 19 years of age, stripped
at 115 pounds and started in with the
determination to do or die. Jimmy
Lawlor was referee, and after some
! spirited fighting the bout was declared
a draw, as each lad had attempted to
assassinate the other with well directed
! punches. Both fought well and the
decision was accepted as a just one.
It was noticed at this stage of the
game that Jim Markland was one of
1 the interested spectators, and it was
I proposed that he referee the following
! bout, but he declined for the reason
I that he had worn his new clothes to
I celebrate the evening. He was accom-
I panied by the capitalists, Colonel Bar
rett of New York City. Alexander Bar-
I rett of Ohio and Mike Hennessy, one of
the crack riders of the coast. J. B.
! Gill was also with the party and
. watched the contests with interest.
The next on the programme was Ser
i geant Michael Joseph Conboy, who took
| copious notes of the affair, as he was
! there in the interests of law and order
i as well as being one of the invited
! guests who had a reserved seat. Then
I came Sheriff Whelan in a short speech,
i followed by Mr. Hanson with a song.
Jack Ennis and Kid McCarthy, both
■of the San Francisco Athletic Club,
' toed the scratch, with Bantam Anthony
{ as referee, and after four rounds of
! hard punching Ennis was given the de
; cision for the superior work done.
i Charles Kelly made his appearance and
sang a touching ballad, and a youth
1 described as "Kid" Carr followed.
Then came the knock-out. Frank
i Schuler of the San Francisco Athletic
! Club and W. Preese of the Manhattan
! Athletic Club, who was stated to have
; recently arrived from New York City,
' where he had won a lengthy string of
amateur scalps, stepped into the ring.
I The rounds were for blood. Each
| scored a knock-down within two rounds
and kept fighting. Anthony also ref
ereed this go, and gave satisfaction.
The fight was to have lasted six rounds,
but In the fourth Schuler landed a well
directed right on the point of Preese's
jaw and he forcibly reposed.
It was announced by Master of Cere
monies Denehy that the club has de
cided to sive monthly exhibitions, and
that a ladies' night will be given on or
about the 2Sth of this month. Also that
Monday. Wednesday and Friday even
ings would be given up to teaching
those who are desirous of learning how
to defend themselves and consequently
best others. John Conroy will handle
the lightweights, Jim McConnell the
middleweights, and Alex Greggains the
heavyweights.
Appealed From the Recorder.
OAKLAND, March 4.— J. J. Coulter, a
horseman of Emeryville, has appealed
from the decision of Recorder Quinn giv
ing William J. Dunn, a groom, judgment
for $60 for labor performed. This is the
first case appealed in the new town, al
though it was the 19Sth case that had
been tried before the Recorder.
Faint Hearted Burglars.
OAKLAND, Mnrch 4.— Burglars con
tinue to visit various portions of this city.
Auger holee mark their attempts oh sev
eral doors where they were scared away
before effecting an entrance. The bar
keeper of Ellis & Kohl, of Seventh and
Chester streets, took four shots at a
fleeing figure last night in the fog. but
missed his mark. The Mitchler residence,
802 Fifth street, was tampered with, but
the timely arrival of some members or
the family drove the intruders away.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. March 4.— The university
journalists this morning defeated the
track athletes in a baseball game on tha
college campus by a score of 17 to 15.-
On Monday evening next, at Stiles Hall.
John L. Howard of Oakland will address
the Berkeley Floral Society on "The
Rose."
The South Berkeley Lodge of Workmen
this evening gave a must successful "bo
hemian night." The entertainment con
sisted of an elaborate musical and lit
erary programme, followed by a banquet.
The university flag was floated at half
mast to-day, out of respect to the mem
ory of Miss Grace M. F. Robinson, a
special student in the freshman class,
who died suddenly in her home at Oak
land yesterday.
Editor Hopper, in to-day's Occident,
sarcastically scores the Intercollegiate
Athletic Association for its recent threat
to disbar the University of California on
account of the criticisms of Football
Manager E. J. Brown on Eastern ath
letics. The editor of the Occident declares
that, "contrary to what may be thought
in the East, Mr. Brown is not the official
spokesman and heralding trumpet of Cali
fornia."
The second annual intercollegiate chess
tournament between the University of
California and Stanford will take place
to-morrow morning at 9:30 o'clock at the
Hopkins Institute in San Francisco.
Berkeley will be represented by Epstein
"00, Parkhurst '00. Towle '98, Hohfeld '01,
Euphrat '98 and Baugh '99.
TROUBLE IN A CLOTHING HOUSE
Interest of Frank Pursch in the Firm
of Pursch & Kaskel Attached.
The interest of Frank Pursch in the firm
of Pursch & Kaskel, clothing manufac
turers, at 22 Sansome street, was attached
yesterday by the Sheriff on claims aggre
gating over $9000. Pursch Is a resident of
New York and the cause of his trouble
is evidently one in the affairs of the firm,
for D Kaskel has placed an attachment
on for $6717. The other creditors are John
B Earle. $200. and J. "Wiff. $521. Naph
taly, Freidenrich & Ackerman and J. W
Lilienthal are the attorneys for the plain
tiffs.
Trades Union Notes.
It is probable that within a few weeks
the San Francisco Labor Council will ha
strengthened by the addition of the
Printing Pressmen and Feeders' Union A
delegation from that body was present at
last night's meeting of the Council to gain
information regarding the benefits of af
filiation with the central body. The Typo
graphical Union will put its nine-hour
workday schedule into effect in the local
book arid job offices on April 4. A canvass
has been made of these offices and no
trouble is expected, as the proprietors
seem willing to clip off an hour without
reducing wages. A mass meeting of jour
neyman tailors will be held at 102 O'Far
rell street on Monday evening for the
purpose of strengthening the ranks of the
newly formed tailors' union.
dT^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iL%<Wie* G2*> KEABST ST. Established
wr E ?i ß^S!ftiii IK5* for the treatment of Frivats
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62*> KKAB.W NT. Established
In 1H54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
mShRMihI disease wearing on bodyand mind and
2j SraOWlaal Skin Diseases. 'I'fiedoctorcureswhen
■^SSHiWBWI others fall. Try him. Charges low.
fiir»trrnnranlfy;l. Call or write.
Or. J. K. (.IBBOV Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN, TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf, jtigA*
San Francisco: iysaSa.
For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m., March 2, 7, 12,
17 22, 27, April 1. . Transferred at Seattle.
For Alaskan ports (from Spear street
wharf), 10 a. m., March 2, 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, 26,
30. Transferred at Portland, Or. •_
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, " Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2. 7.
12 17, 22, 27, and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma with
N P. Ry.. at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For ; Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
March 3. 9, 15, 21. 27, and every sixth day
thereafter.
For ; Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos Port Harford (San . Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, : Hu»nerne.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., March 2. 6. 10, 14. 13, 22, 20.
SO. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara; Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., March 4, 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28. and every
fourth day thereafter. ■; „ - • , ,
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Ban Jose del
Cabo • Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (M«.), 10 a. m.. March 8.
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
anil h""r«: of snJllns-. •. ; . ■
• TICKET OFFICE- Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery street. .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
• ■ 10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. $ N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
'" From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CiDP .«I2 First Class Including Berth
l ARE 98 second Class and' Meals.
■ SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: '
State of California.... — Mar. 2, 10. 18, 28
Columbia.. ■.... .......... Mar. 6, 14. 22, 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
• E. C. WARD, General Agent,
* 630 Market st.
GOOD PERKINS & CO.
Superintendents.
f [•£**"* ■'■ Saturday, March 12. at
TfcllWit '"• HONOLI'LU only,
.•^■■^■■"Saturday. March 12, at
y _^-— >. 2p. m - Special . party
SlrWslliD^ ra ThY S. S. MOANA ,
Q/MlAiJluy w - pails via Honolulu and
/gmRfIJHU Auckland for Sydney
VyUipUi«9^ Wednesday, March 23.
■ • • -i ; at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPH
T rD N SPRECKE r ili a i BROS. CO.. Agent,.
j. v. oi-xvc ii 4 Montg . omer y street. •
Freight Office— 327 Market st.. San Franclnco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
: " French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North >*JJft*
Rive? foot of Mortnn ft. Travelers <g£|3£
hv this line- avoid . both transit by ■"»»»
Enellih railway and the discomfort of crossing
Fhe Chanel In a small boat, /ew York : to
AlPxandrla, Egypt. -via Paris, first class $160.
T^°o\sCOONß* March 12. 10 m.
f^A NORMANDIE .... March 19. 10 a. m.
: I A CHAMPAGNE ....March^26 10 a m.
LA BOURGOGNE ......April 2. 10 a. m.
LABRETAGNE ...April 9. 10 a. m.
For further particular ■•^v,^; Apent _
■'-■:■ •• No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. .: _; ' .
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
i|J*<||f pr'^lV Pi Twin* Screw Express Line.
X~^\*C*^*^ from New York to Cherbourg.
Paris) Southampton (Tendon), and Hamburg.
Normannia. ..March V Columbia .....May 13
A. Victoria...... April 7 Normannla —May 4J
F Bf«marck...Arril 2S A. Victoria ....M<jy 26
Twin Sere Mall A Service. N. Y. -Hamburg direct.
Pretoria ...... March J 5 Pennsylvania. March ,2«
Patrla March 12 1 Pal ati a .April 9
Phri-nlola ../.. Mnrch. IS Priori* ...... April M
First cabin. $Goup: second class. $40: steerage.
burg- American Line 37 Broadway. N. Y.
HFTI7.OG ,<t CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California t.. cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS -
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at «»
' - p. m. Daily. '
FREIGHT RECEIVED bf TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line celling through tickets and giv-
ing : through freight rates to all points on the
Valley Railroad. steamfrs; : .
T C WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.,
MARY ART! ATT. 'J- D. PETERS j.;=%
.Telephone Main 80S. - Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, los Catos & Santa Cmi
BtMMM Alviso leaves P.er 1 daily (Sunday*
excepied) at. 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50e:
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier L 41 North
First street. Son Jose.
FOR U. S. NAVMARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello"
Will lie ui> to i-^tive i,e\v Duiier and general
overhauling on February 1, and resume her
route on MarcU 10. HATCH BROS.
1112
FOG MARRED
THE RACING
Refuqoo Took a Purse
Supported by a Strong
Company.
Charley Thorpe and Tod Sloan
Divided the Riding
Honors.
Gold Scratch Won the Two-Year-
Old Event at Lony Odds— Ostler Joe
First in Hie Handicap.
Fog was again a strong factor at In
gleside yesterday. One event only was
decided with the spectators enjoying
an unobstructed' view of the horses.
The favorites met with three reverses,
and it is more than likely that in one
race at least there "were some big do
ings." Tod Sloan piloted three and
Charley Thorpe two winners.
The opening mile run for maidens
was only a gallop for Twinkle Twink,
which ran in Don Cameron's colors and
•won eased up to a walk, after going to
the post a 4 to 5 choice in the betting.
In a drive Durward took the place from
[Whirlwind.
Johnny Campbell finally started
the speedy Punter in the six fur
long selling dash that followed,
and the wise ones grabbed the
even money that was offered about
the filly. It took all of Tod Sloan's
skill in the saddle to land her
winner, a head before the second
choice, Prompto. Moringa, as usual,
finished in the show.
The stable, it was said, did not play
Gold Scratch to win the four furlong
scramble for two-year-olds. At any
rate, the gray youngster got the best
of a straggling start, and at odds of
12 to 1 finished over a length in front
of Primavera, th<? second choice. Ach.
the Corrigan entry, an 11 to 10 favorite,
•was beaten for the show by Mossbrae.
Fog undoubtedly proved a strong
factor in the victory of Refugee. In
the betting on the mile selling event
Willie Sink's cripple opened at odds of
6 to 1. His price lengthened until 20
was reached, when he was played down
to 8 and 10. He won by less than a
length from the favorite. Rey del
Tierra, in the slow time of 1:43%. It
was evidently a "shoo in," as two or
three of the horses which finished be
hind him are capable of running a
much faster mile. Of the other start
ers Fashion Plate was probably the
only one that was not a "lobster," and
she was dead last time out. It was
passed over like many of the other dis
graceful seances of the present racing
season.
A big consignment of coin forced the
odds of Caliente down from 5 to 2 to
8 to 5 in the betting on the six furlong
selling affair following, and he became
lost in the fog. Huriy Burly, the Cor
rigan entry, a 4 to l chance in the ring,
won handily from Bonita, a 12 to 1
"shot. Chihuahua, another rank out
sider, was third.
The black horse. Ostler Joe, was fa
vorite for the mile and a sixteenth
handicap, which, like most of the others
at this track, was a pronounced frost,
and he scored without difficulty from
Glorian, at one time as good as 25 to 1
in the betting. The second choice.
Greyhurst, quit like a. dog, ending- up in
the far rear.
■_: .'■.-' -•■•'--•;■ ♦
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Following are the entries for this after-
Boon's running events:
First Race — One-half mile: selling:; two-year
olds.
' 688 Formera 1131 65S Semicolon 109
BSO Raclvan ........101 680 Gllberto 106
(670)Buena Ventura. 106 ! (530)Santello 109
676 Humidity 106!
Seond Race— Seven furlongs; selling.
672 O'Fleta 125 675 Button 120
! 652 Don Fulano — 123 673 I^ast Chance ...120
CS2 Metalre 120 665 Devil's Dream. .lls
(676)0ur Climate ...120 347 M.M.i ht 123
(6C2)Velox 117 669 Viking 117
682 Walter J 123 CG4 Vernsma 123
Third Hace — Steeplechase; short course.
678 Monlta US] 678 Gar. Budd ....142
659 Reno 153 (841)Ld. Chesterfield. l 33
<678)Capt. Rees ICO I 678 Mestor 153
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Inj?leside Track-lO7th day of the
Winter Meeting:. Friday, March 4, 1898. Weather foggy. Track
grood. •
; purse.
469 Twinkle Twink, 4. .107 5 • • • • 14 Thorpe 7-
66!> Durward. 4 11l 4 2h Shields
121 Whirlwind 11. 4.. ..107 7 ... ... ... ... 3 ns H. Martin ...
494 Santa Clara, 4 107 2 ... ... ... ... 4 2 'Mclntyre .... 1
129 Bains. 4 109' 1 ... ... ... ... 68 R. Narvaez . 2
617 Rockefeller. 4 3 ... ... ... ... GH IVan Kuren ..
... Terra Cycha, 4 109! 8 ... ... ... ... 7h IDorsey
494 Malplpojic-t. 4..!!!!;]07 ! 6 ... ... ... ... in MoNichols ... 2
17 Jay Wheeler. 4..• • . 109 i 9 ... ••• •>• ■•• 9 Con IP ■•••■•■ |
" • Foe. " ~. ! ■
Time, 1:44%. Winner, D. Cameron's br. i. by Imp. . Brutua-Nabette. Good start,
pulling up. k <
1 norpe ■
Shields
H. Martin ...
Mclntyre
R. Narvaez .
Van Kuren ..
! Dorsey
7-5 7-:
6
6
10 :
20
8 :
3
20 :
8 :
:McNlchols ...
[Conley
noy SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
; purse, $350.
202 Punter. 3 99 1 3
(810) Prompt". 3 100 2
654 Morlnpa. 3 97 1
633 Allle Belle. 3 95 5
668 Bonnie lone, 3 9". 7
624 Formello, 3 98 0
6<-<i Rio Frio, 3 102! 8
6GO Novla, 3 9S[ 4
2 n
1 2
8 n
r. n
s
7 h
6 %
4 V,
21 2 1
11% . 14
3 h 6 M,
4 Vi 4 h
8 8
7 2% 6 H
61 3 h
5 nB 7 2
1 h T. Sloan .....
2 IV4 Clawson
3 h Derln :.
4 3 'Woods .......
B AU, Gray .....
. 6«i Stevens
7*& E. Jones .....
8 |Powell .......
1
3
8
10
10
2S
IS
20
5-:
: - 1:
1!
101
'I
61
Time, 1:1.-14. Winner. H. L. Frank's b. f. by Imp.
Won first three driving.
Inverness-Lottery. Good start.
688.
THIRD RACE— Four furlongs: two-year-olds; purse. $400.
rii.
670 Gold Scratch Ill 1 1
(663) Primavera 1081 6
... Mossbrae ml 2
CRRO) Arh Ill 1 4
(642) Formero 118 5
633 Lobos 11l 3
•
•
1 iWi Thorpe
2 2 E. Jones
3 h Clawson .....
4 1 IT. Sloan
6 0 (Brown .......
6 | McDonald ...
10
5-1
10
6-.1
6-2
aa
f Fob-
Time. :FO. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's gr. c. by Imp. Gold Finch-Helen Scratch.
Fair start. Won easily.
689.
FOURTH RACE— One mile: selling; four-year-old 3 and upward; purse, $400.
:or«e».
871 Refugee. 6 ....1'
Cll Rev Pel Tlerra. 4..X
€72 Fnßhion Plate. 4..V
604 Serena, 6 V
232 Mnwro, 5 111 1
(540 Claudiana. 4 .. ....!<
043 Sonlro. 4 V
git Mamie Scott. 6... .31
I 1
! 3
I 8
2
G
i<
I 6
\_T_
•
•
•
1 %
3 3
2 h
4 h
6 h
6 1
S
7 4
1 « .
2 1%
5 3
4 \
Oh
6 2
7 h ■ I
8 - : I
i.
Hrnwn ...
Martin ...
nley .......
ay ...
Donald ...I
Jnnes
iwpon
r>rpe ..I
•Few.
Time. 1:43%. "Winner. W. B. Sink Jr.'s b. g. by Exile-Bracken,
handily. ': .'" ■- ■: '■
Good
start.
£>Q/-| FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, $350.
Hurly Burly. 3
Bonlto, 3
r-hihuahtia. 3
Zamar 11, 4
Calientp. 5
Montallade, 5 |
•
...
1 H
4 M
2 1
C2 4
5 2
7
II 1
•
1 h
3 1
2 3
4 \Vi
82
6 %
1 1
2 h
3 1
4 h
I v
6 ibi
'. Sloan
rray
lawpon
horpe
5-2
10*
4
5-2
G
8
:,
I. Martin ...
nnlcy !
:. Jones
Sybarls, 3 !
•For.
Time.' 1:14>4.
cleverly.
Winner. E. Corrlgan"* eh. f. by Riley-Helterskelter.
Good start.
Won
691.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mtles; handicap; three-year-olds and up-
ward : pursie, $500.
r><>tler Joe. R ]
Glorlan. 3
Fonfovannah. 3 ...
Grcvhurst. 4
4
1
3 \Vz *
4 . ...
2% ...
1 * ...
• ■
•
2 1H
1 h
3 8
1 1
2 2
3 6
'. Sloan
i" Connor
'lawsnp
i. Martin ..
2-5 13-20
15 12
4 4
3 4
•Fop.
Time, 1:48. Winner, W. D. Randall's blk. h. by Fresno-Sister to Jim Douglas,
•tart. Won easily.
Good
Fourth Race— Two miles; the Crocker-Wool -
worth Bank stakes: value. $1750.
677 Howard Mann.. 121 (623) Judge Denny ..321
61'J Won't Dance ..106; 623 Wawona 114
(65.-) Joe Ullman ....107 ! (654)C0111ns 119
<677) Lincoln II ....115!
Fifth Race— mile; thre^-year-olds; sell
ing.
644 Hormoso 110|(6BO)Dr. Marks 107
690 Bonlta 1091 645 The Ace Id
MO Watomba 106 i 875 M. Burnham . . 110
KS Flandes ...110 ; 67!» Gotobed 110
(653)Ge0. Lee 109!
Sixth Race— Five-eighths of a mile.
673 Tea Rose 104 (635)Brter Sweet ....97
655 Paul GriK&s ....109 517 Montgomery ...110
606 Libertine 113 !
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Santello, Humidity. Semicolon.
Second Race— Don Fulano. Me Light. Veragua.
Third Race— Cain. IU-<?s, Mestor. I>ord Ches
terfield.
Fourth Race— Denny, Joe Ullman.
Lincoln.
Fifth Race— Dr. Marks. George Lee. Gotobed.
Sixth Race— GriKgs, Brier Sweet,
Montgomery.
HANDBALL PRACTICE
FOR A BIG EVENT.
Thp following games of handball will
be played to-morrow In Ryan's court:
A. Pennoyer and G. Hutchinson vs. P.
Hutchinson and M. Dillon.
J. White and R. Murphy vs. E. Toy and
J. Collins.
J. R. Dockinan and E. McDonough vs.
L Waterman and D. J. Sheehan.
M. Maguire and W. Hamilton vs. E.
Curley and R. Housman.
P. Ryan and D. Rodgers vs. G. McDon
ald and M. McNeil.
J. Lawless and M. J. Kilgallon vs. J.
Riordan and E. Maloney.
J. C. Ntalon and R. Llnehan vs. T. F.
Bonnet and A. Hampton.
BICYCLISTS ARE
NOW JUBILANT
Golden Gate Park Will Glitter
With Electricity at
Night.
Lights to Bo Placed on this Main
Driveways and Bicycle
Paths.
Bicycle enthusiasts have at last gained j
a long-looked-for point and are. In con- j
scqut-nce. elated over their victory. With
in two months the bicycle track as well
as the driveway throughout the main
portions of Golden Gate Park will be
lighted by electricity from 6 o"clock in
the evening until midnight. Those who
still roly on driving for pleasure will, un
der the natural course of events, fall in
for a portion of tne enjoyment which the
new departure will, without doubt, afford.
tor months past petition after petition
has presented itself for the purpose of i
having the park more thoroughly lighted
during the moonless nights, especially on I
the main driveways and the bicycle paths,
and now that the material is on the
ground, those who were the most anxious
for the much-needed improvement can
hardly believe that they have gained a
point which will be a benefit to all who
visit the park during the evening.
The wires for the lights will be placed
underground, and the boxes which will
carry them will be taken to the park on
Monday, when work will begin on the
trenches. The wires will start from the
Baker-street entrance and extend to
Twenty-fourth avenue, and then back
again to the starting point by way of the
pumping station and the children's play
ground. Five miles of wire will be used
in the construction of the system, and it
is hoped the work will be completed in
about two months. The lights will be
placed from 400 to 6l>o feet apart depend
ing on the location. In some portions of
the path more lignis will be needed than
in others, as the curves would prevent
the light from entering all points, but
the difficulty has been overcome by those
who will lay the wires.
A power plant has been erected In con
nection with the pumping station, and
all the boilers, motors and other neces
sary machinery have been put In place.
Mr. McLaren, superintendent of the park,
is of the opinion the new move will be of
great benefit to the park, as It will tend
to draw large numbers there during the
evening. The only ones who will, without
doubt, object to more light being thrown
on their affairs are those who are unable
to ride, drive or wheel during the pleas
ant evenings.
Granted a Divorce.
Henry O'Brien was granted a divorce [
from his wife, Carrie O'Brien, by Judge I
Hunt yesterday. The plaintiff's allegation '
that his wife had willfully deserted him
was substantiated by several witnesses j
and the decree was ordered to issue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
TONS OF SHOT
AND POWDER
Magazines of the Presidio
and Lime Point to
Be Filled.
The Ammunition May Be
Transferred From Benicia
Arsenal To-Day.
In the Event of War the Fourth
Cavalry Would Probably Be
Ordered to the Front.
The magazines of the Presidio and
Lime Point will soon have an ample
supply of powder, solid shot and shell.
The commanding officer of Benicia Ar
senal, Colonel Babbitt, has been direct-
Ed by the War Department to send to
the ordnance officer at the Presidio a
large quantity of ammunition for high
power guns for distribution to the mag
azines of Fort Point and Fort Baker.
It is probable that twenty tons of
powder and a large number of projec
tiles will be placed aboard barges at
Benicia to-day. It is presumed that the
barges will be towed to- the Presidio
wharf.
Details relating to the distribution of
the ammunition cannot be obtained for
publication from army headquarters in
this city, and Colonel Babbitt of Be
nicia Arsenal declines to be interviewed
on the topic. It Is understood that a
large part c-f the proposed shipment of
munitions will consist of powder, and
that the supply at the arsenal, which
may be very nearly exhausted when
the magazines are properly tilled, will
Boon be replenished by a train load of
ammunition from the East.
A feeling of insecurity may exist in
the East regarding the strength and
equipment of the fortifications of New I
Y«>rk and Bc-ston, but veteran army of
ficers stationed at the Presidio are con
fident that the works of Fort Point and
Fort Baker are strong enough to resist
successfully any fleet Spain could send
to the Pacific. Colonel Miller and Lieu
tenant-Colonel Williston of the Third
Artillery and Lieutenant-Colonel Mor- ;
ris of the Fourth Cavalry are officers
of sound judgment and long ex- '
perience in the service of the
United States, and, while neither
one would care to be quoted as giving
an estimate of the strength of the forti
fications of this harbor, they are all
confident that the guns no-w in position
could stand off any fleet Spain could
send here.
Some people l.aye an ide that If war
had been declare ! while the Spanish
cruiser Vizcaya was in New York har
bor the Spaniard could lie ye opened a
fire of shot and shell on that city. In
ternational law does not permit any
thing of the kind. Should a Spanish
cruiser enter the harbor of San Fran
cisco to-day and war should be de
clared on tne following day, the ship
would be notified to leave. Having en
tered the harbor peaceably she would
be allowed to depart in peace. Ac
cording to international law, our guns
'■ could not molest the outgoing ship,
and neither could our cruisers be per
mitted to follow her out, but once out
side the three-mile limit, the hostile
cruLer would oe treated as an enemy
on a fair field, and the ship could then
mako any demonstration of hostility
that her commander should direct.
One might /Use the point that the
Spanish, hr .-in" an advantage, would
not be restrained by the law of na
tions, but no civilized nation can af
ford to violate with impunity such law.
The offender in a case of this kind be
comes an outlaw in the eyes of the
civilized world.
An army officer yesterday remarked:
"A Spanish cruiser that should so defy
international law and open fire on this
city would never get to sea again. A
city is not bound to surrender or pay
tribute because the houses are shelled.
I take it that the people of San Fran
cisco would not pay one million dollars
or one dollar for immunity from shell
ing under such circumstances. But
no nation can afford to invite the con
tempt and hatred" of all other nations.
Outside the three-mile limit the shell
ing might begin by the outgoing
cruiser, but not before the line was
passed. When Captain Winslow of the
Kearsarge fought Semmes of the Ala
bnma he went seven miles off Cher
bourg to prevent any cause for inter
national complication."
A retiring board to consist of the fol
lowing officers has been directed by the
Secretary of War to convene in San
Francisco: Colonel Charles R. Green
leaf, assistant surgeon general; Colo
nel Evan Miles. First Infantry; lieu
tenant Colonel Johnson V. D. Middle
ton, deputy surgeon general; Lieuten
ant Colonel Louis T. Morris, Fourth
Cavalry; Major David H. Klnzie, Third
Artillery, and First Lieutenant Robert
H. Noble, First Infantry, aid-de-camp,
recorder.
The troopers of the Fourth Cavalry,
stationed at the Presidio, are now en
gaged in pistol practice. In the event
of war with Spain the Fourth Cavalry
would probably be ordered to Key
West, to be within easy reach should
United States troops be ordered to
Cuba. The Fourth Cavalry is prepared
for whatever may come, although the
prospects of an active campaign in
Cuba may not be as delightful to the
mind of the trooper as the thought of
another tour of duty on the reserva
tions of the Sierras, but when war is
declared soldiers prefer service at the
front.
First Lieutenant John D. Miley, Fifth
Artillery, on the staff of the depart
ment commander, returned to the city
yesterday from Los Angeles.
The story that Major General Miles is
coming to the Pacific Coast is believed
by army officers here to be a sensa
tional yarn.
General Shafter, commanding the de
partment of California, was in Bakers
field yesterday. He may return early
next week. There is nothing in the sit
uation here demanding his presence.
WILIi WEED OUT DEPUTIES.
Fish Commissioners to Overhaul
Their Force of Subordinates.
At a meeting of the California Fish and
Game Commission yesterday there was a j
step taken that may hove the effect of j
rattling some of the dry hones among- the
suhordinates of that body. Scattered
along the entire length of the State are
about 300 deputy commissioners, who are I
supposed to be of some use to tho office, j
They are all provided with badges and
commissions which Rive them the same I
powers as those possessed by a sheriff's
deputies. With but few exceptions these
deputies have not been heard from since i
they received their badges and credentials, j
What use they make of their authority i
is more than the commissioners can make !
out. Of course there are exceptions to •
this rule, but taken as a whole not over
10 per cent of the crew have been of the
least service to the State office.
During the discussion at the meeting it !
wns shown that the men in question had
been appointed upon the recommendation
of the Superior Judges and the Game
Wardens of their respective counties and
in some instances on the request of
sportsmen's clubs. Commissioner Vogel
sang said: "It may be very nice for these
gentlemen to display their badges or of
fice, be clothed with the same authority
as peace officers and be exempt from do
ing jury duty on the ground that they are
officers of the State, but it is time for us
to have an accounting from them."
And there will be an accounting, for the
secretary will write to every one of them
and demand a report of all the work they
have done, the condition of ?ame in their
several districts and such other informa
tion as they mi^ht be expected to furnish.
In the event of not receiving satisfactory
reports the derelicts' names will be can •
celert from the roll of deputies and their
badges and credentials will be called in.
It has been three years since the force
of deputies has bee"n overhauled. These
subordinate officers have been, it will be
remembered, serving without piiv, and
considering that the fish and pame laws
have been openly violated in every county
in the State the commissioners have come
to the conclusion that such deputies are
dear at even no compensation.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Annie Davidson has commenced suit
against George B. Davidson for divorce
on the ground of infldolity. Otto Ander
son has applied for a divorce from Chris
tine M. Anderson on the ground of de
sertion.
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G S Baum, Cal j A Edman, Cal
Mrs F J Taylor, Cal JA P Halfhlll, L Ang
Migs Taylor, Cal E T Vossman, St Louis
C A "Whitemore, Ptld Is R Hart, Sacto
C J Swain, Phila E Sweeney. Redding-
F P Bead well, NY H Alexander, Portland
C C Coolidge, NY W H Morrison, Sulsun
Miss Hartnett, Denver R G MeCraken, Stanfd
T W O'Neil. Sacto C M Weatherwax. Stfd
W V Crandall, Cal Dr George. Antioch
F J Taylor, Cal J Berkhaven. S Rafael
D H Wyckoff, Woodld P S Beardslee & w,
W May. L Ang San Rafael
J F Schll'.j-man, Cal IE P Johnson, Japan
B Dun-klu, ,'il W Worthing & f. Stkn
P A Roach & w, St PA P Oilchrlst. S Mateo
C M Backer, Stockton Mrs Wlckersham. Cal
W \V Hakor, Stockton Mrs Bates, Petaluma
P A Bartlett, St Louis M B Bl*ck. S Joae
N J I'lttsburc "" ilare G W Coital. Vacaville
W W I-*>o Ai w. ( 4 .-eld! A C Miller. San Ber-
Mlss Lee, Cleveland I nar.llno
G B Fairbanks & w, lj Blair & w. Redding
Wadsworth T Russell, Portland
E Ryan. Oroville Mrs Smith, S Jose
J Thomas, St Helena
PALACE HOTEL.
J Rruner, Sacto iC i'> Cox, Hanford
C A QuiKley & w , Saltii" H First, Boston
Lake T E L Taylor & w.
A Mordeccai, Stanford Vancouver
C Dunphy. Stanford Lieut T S Phelps Jr.
J P Smith, w, n & c U S N
Stanford \V H Blaekstone, Stnfd
Miss Gonzales, StanfiWl T I'olndexter. Stnfd
E P Pills Aw. Chicago I G W Brown. Stanford
J M Chapman, N V W S ''ramp, Phila
L Rodtrers. Salinas R G Brown, Bodie
\v T McCormic, Salt I. Dr Hlbbett, U S is
W B Wells, Portland H M Penny. N V
O G Says, Saeto '
BALI (WIN HOTEL.
L R Poland, 0B M IHSB Seymour, N V
P Murphy, I.' S N O G Seymour. N V
\V Wnrrull. Port Costa G Edwards & w, Cal
T Alitißlll Phila |A W dark, Stockton
c Frankenthal. N V G H Clark, Stockton
W R Clark, w & d Cal H F Stocking & w.Cal
R W Foster, NY |j Smith. Petaluma
Mrs C Patterson, Cal Mrs <; Kflliigg. Seattle
W D Patterson, Cal Miss S KHlokr, Seattle
Miss M Hawley, Cal |j C Fischer. San Diego
A Cohen. Stockton Mrs G Primrose, N V
J C Safford. Auburn \Q Davis &w. Clevelnd
L Harris, Los Alamos!
NKW WESTERN" HOTEL.
J Murphy & w, Portld A Bird. Keswlck
VV H King &w. Ky J Conway, Cal
P J Fredrtcks. Seattle W A Rtddell. S Joee
J King, NY J Qumnermnn. Sacto
W Hanson. Hanford 0 M Rowland, L Ann
Miss Nelson, Cal B F Freedman, <*al
R X Peters, I -wa H L Finch * w, o r
R H Rudd. Seattle r E Cleveland, Cal
E Smith, Dixon Mrs Hindi A d Ptld
Fred Hudson, Cal P Gillis, Paso Roblea
G Lov«U, Jersey City
SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Cnll, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 32 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
33'J Hayes street; open until i*:3o o'clock.
.621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larktn street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2201 Market street, curner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: or»n until 9 o'clock.
2026 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open intll 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Tnt'i.i; -second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 .''clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, Golden
Gate aye. and Polk Ft.— Rev. M. M. Gibson,
D.D., pastor. Services, 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Young people's services 6:30 . p. in.
Subject for evening, "The Weekly
Jubilee of the Sons of Toil, or the Advant-
ages of the Sabbath to the Laboring
Classes." Seats free. Cordial welcome to all.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION LODGE NO. 169. F. and A. jjT"
M.— Called Meeting THIS (SATUR- JV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First TKJf
Degree. /V>
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. <«>^iJ>
F.— The officers and the funeral SSSSv&i
committee of the above lodge are -*fe?ff'^E"
hereby notified to assemble at Odd < ™ w
Fellows' Kail, cor. Market and .Seventh sts.,
on SUNDAY, March 6, at 1 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late brother. HENRY JoRRES. By order
• CHARLES QUAST, Financial Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 16. I. O. <s»»&}s>
O. F. — Members are hereby noti- ; 3<£\ i sjv£i.
fled to assemble In Memorial Hall,
" SUNDAY, March 6, at 1 p. m., "'/I*'*'
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother, C. H. BRICKWEDEL JR.
GEORGE L. PERHAM, N. G.
JAMES BOYES. Hoc. Sec.
EUREKA Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D.— The »£u>
officers and the funeral committee of the r-Xi
above grove are hereby notified to as- ■ - IH
semble at Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter St.. on
SUNDAY. March 6, at 1 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, HENRY .TORRES. By order
CHARLES QUAST. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in ths United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. ■■■-. ; ■ ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MISS Mays' genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 636 Kearny St., room 9.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery',
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bed spreads, table covers, towels, flan-
nels, etc., very cheap at the Pioneer Dry
Goods Store. 106 Fifth st.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK, the Zoo, San Francisco.
MRS. SHEIXON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. <M'>ii ilark<-t st., room 22.
MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths, $i. 17A Ninth St., room 1.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tei. S&80.
ROOMS papered, $2 50 up: whitened, $1 up.
280S Twenty-fourth st. or 239 Third st.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 12uVj Geary st., room 11.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2. 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
MMX HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor St.
ELEVENTH, ion -Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A NO. 1 second girl, best of reference, de-
sires a Situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Kutter st.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes a position: will-
ing and able; prefers chamber work, or will
accept general housework. E. S.. 109 Fifth
St.. room 9.
TWO German women would like to have some
acquaintance with a German family cr sin-
gle women going to Alaska. Box 144". Call
POSITION wanted to do general housework
or housekeeper; good references. Address
MRS. R. W., 2 Eleventh St.
YOUNG German woman wants situation to do
general housework, ot work by the day. 621
Commercial st., irom 2 to 5.
WANTII' F'.y a woman, situation as house-
keeper; Is a" good cook; city or country. Call
at s::: 1 -.. Market st., room 7.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation as
housekeeper or minding children. Call 454
.T.-<sie st.
AN experienced waitress, also laundress,
wish work in same hotel or resort. Box 14W),
Call Office.
WANTED — By reliable womnn. general house-
work; good cook and laundress; city or
count ry: wages $20. 1241 M Market St.. nr. 9th.
WANTED— Sewing; dress skirts made in latest
style for $1 25. *jl Leavenworth st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation to do gen-
eral housework. Box 1445. <"a!l.
GERMAN girl wishes situation for cooking
and housework; wages $20. Call at 4332 17th.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
COLORED woman wishes a situation as cook.
AiMress 10)3 Clay .st.
NURSE with experience would Mke to take
care of little hahy; please write. M. WEN-
DELL. 73a Pine st.
SWEDISH girl wants situation for cooking and
housework: best of references. 3103 Bu-
chanan .St.
COMPETENT young lady. Normal School
graduate, wishes position to take care of and
teach two or thret- children; best of ref-
erences. Addrey* box 1401. Call office.
GIRL wishes situation to assist in housework
and care of baby; wages $10 to $12. Call at
2125 Pine st.
LADY wishes situation to do plain sewing and
reprtrtng. m Blxth si., room «.
YOLNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St.. corner
_of Seventh, room 10.
GOOD neat German girl wishes a place for
housework. 14 Rausch st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
_low_ interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
fit., room 1.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office "of The Call.
Si:bs< r:i tl.'ns and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay »t.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aokl. 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help.
Tel. East 777. SOS Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122^ O'Farrell; tel. Darts 60S.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
beat help. 414^i O'Farrell st.; tei. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
SWEDISH man and wife, with 2-year-old child,
want work on private place or small ranch;
woman is good cook, man is all-round man.
Address box 1370, Call office.
EXPERIENCED man who can drive, milk,
tend garden or do any general work on gen-
tleman's place, wishes work; references. Ad-
dress C. R. C, 709 Minna st.
ENGINEER wants position ; understands thor-
oughly the care and management of boiler
and engine. Address box 1403, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gentleman's cutter desires posi-
tion, city or country : can give best of refer-
•■■■•- i: x 143:-. Call office.
EXPERIENCED traveler, extensive acquaint-
ance Oregon and Washington, wants an ac-
count. Box 1446, Call office.
YOUNG man, photographer, wishes situation
as printer and help in gallery. Address 334
Montgomery aye.
YOUNG man from New York wishes a situa-
tion as bartender; city or country. FRENCH,
12T Eddy st.
ANY position In city or country by gentleman
of ability. J. N., box 1453. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to do light
work. S. S.. IS Natoma st.
YOUNG Englishman, aged 26, wants position
as groom with private family or country
club; thoroughly understands care of horses.
Box 1429, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted as fireman by first-class
man; good references; 10 years' experience.
Box 1403, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted by young man: steady,
sober: can handle horses; willing to do any
kind of work. Address J. M., 511 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener; understands care of
horses and milk; more for a home than high
wages; good reference. Box 1422, Call.
YOUNG man wants position to drive delivery-
wagon, or any kind of work. 121;< Mission st.
SITUATION as superintendent or foreman with
lumbering concern; M J nil I■' experience; thor-
oughly understands all details connected with
th° business from .the forest to the manu-
factured product; 9 years' coast experience, 11
years' Eastern experience; Just finished a
course In bookkeeping; can furnish gilt-edge
references. Address box 1391, Call office.
$25 WILL be paid for information that will
lead to the obtaining of a situation as coach-
man or stableman for a well-recommended
young man. Box 1395. Call.
COOK. German, wants situation in restau-
rant, lunch or coffee house; competent and
steady and best of references. 51 Third st.,
room 3.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and office man
desires position in wholesale mercantile line;
references. Box 1519, Call office.
MAN and wife, first-class meat and pastry
cooks, want positions in city or country. Call
or address M. E. 8.. 421 Minna St.
YOUNG man wishes position a* Janitor or por-
ter; 14 years' experience; reference. Address
H. G., 1128 Jackson Ht.
HEAD gardener on first-class place; refer-
ences. X., box 7, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG experienced butcher, good reputation.
wishes situation in shop or wagon. Address
Butcher. MM Twenty-first st.
GENTLEMAN'S trained nurse and valet wish-
es position to care for elderly gentleman;
first-class masseur; references. Address box
1410. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $160 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; fre« 'bu»
and baggage to and from ferry.
BARTENDER — German, single, desires posi-
tion in saloon or family liquor store; good
references. Box 1412. Call office.
POSITION with Alaska outfitters; 10 years
curnp life; practical suggestions; $luo. Ad-
dress box 1383, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
ELEVENTH. 10B— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— French nurse and upstairs. $25;
German cook. $25: second and sewing, $20;
German cook. Institution. $35; laundress and
chambermaid. $25; American cook, country.
$25; girl? for housework and assist. LEON
ANDRE, SOS Stockton st.
MART LYNCH please call at MISS CUL-
LEN'S. ;)2"i Sutter st.
ANNA Sf'HMITT plense call at MISS CUL-
LEN' S, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, boarding-house, $30. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
NURSE, country. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A COOK, German institution, $35. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32.". Batter st.
CHAMBERMAID nnd watt one meal, coun-
try, $20: chambermaid, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK. Stockton. $20; Alameda. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook; $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
DINNER waitress; $7 50 per month. MISS
OULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSERY governess, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country. $20; 15 housework girls,
city and country, $20 and $25. MISS CUL-
LKN, 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress, $25; sleep home. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $30; 1 cook, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
3 RESTAURANT waitresses. J5 a week; wait-
ress, Marysvllle. $22 50 and fare paid; Wat-
sonvllle. $20; Fresno. $20 and fare paid; Napa.
$K>- I'leasanton, $1.">; 3 waitresses for a water
resort. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
HOI'SEGIRL. 2 in family. $25; ranch cook. $20;
houseglrl, Reno, New. $25; German girl. $20;
German cook. $25 (rhloce place); 4 house-
girls. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary-.
COOK for an institution, $35; cook for a Jew-
ish hoarding-house, $30 to $35. C. K. HAN-
SEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
INSTITUTION cook. $35; German chamber-
maid, private family. $20; 4 second girls. $20
and $26: laundress and chambermaid. $30: 5
cooks in German and American families. $25;
waitress, country hotel, $2»; waitress to take
charge. $25; 12 waitresses and chambermaids.
$?0; laundress, assist waiting, hotel. $20; and
girls of all nationalities for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter Ft.
NURSE, 1 child, $20; housegirl, Monterey. $30;
Swedish cook. $25. American family; 3
Swedish housegirls at $25; cook and second
girl, same house, $25 and $20. MISS NOR-
TON. 323 Sutter St.
CHAMBERMAID; assist waiting; country- ho-
tel; Sonoma Co.; $20; call early. MURRAY
& READY. leading Emp. Agts., 634-636 Clay.
LADY cashiers, bookkeepers. companions,
teachers, trained nurses, governesses, ma-
trons, housekeepers, salesladies, stenograph-
ers, clerks, secure lucrative positions through
the Ladies' Exchange. 313 Bush, managed by
ladles; no cost to investigate: this agency
has offices in all leading business centers.
LADY bookkeepers, companions, stenograph-
ers nnd typewriters, housekeepers and sales-
ladles, secure permanent and good-paying
positions through the Ladies' Exchange (man-
aged by ladies): call and investigate our
i-ystem. Room 4. 1023 Market st. '
YOUNG, bright girl, take care of babies; good
home for affectionate girl; wages $S to $10.
Apply from 10 to 12 a. m. at 1649 Mission st.
NEAT girl for general housework; small fam-
ily; easy place: wages $12 to $15. Apply to-
day. 703 Ashbury St., near Waller.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' waists and
skirts; factory work; no dressmakers. 409 A
Turk st.
TODNQ i'irl for general housework; wnsres
$10: sleep at home. 30."> Eleventh st., upstairs.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework. Ap-
ply MRS. RULLP. 601 Hayes st.
PROTESTANT woman wanted to care for chil-
dren. 831 Guerrero st.
GIRL for housework: must understand cook-
ing. Call after S a. m. at 1596 Fulton St.
GIRL for general housework: 3 adults; easy
place; wage* $10. 2K21 Pine st.
RK.VT free: pood flat In return for light do-
mestic sen-Ice. 2SB Union st.
STRONG young- woman of refinement who un-
derstands masfage. 4<>2i« Geary st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
coats. fi.i4 Jessie st.
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer.
Apply .'23 Mnrket St., room 7, 2 to 3 p. m.
NEAT girl for general housework and cooking
for family of 3; wages $15. It. .x 1425, Call.
LADIES- Booths, respectable bouse, from 2.i0
niKht and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh St., Girard
House.
WANTED — For a small ranch, a woman who
understands milking and care of chickens.
Apply 1647 Post St.; $15.
GIRL to assist, $10: German preferred. Call 3
to 11 a. m., 1119 Filbert st.
Y< ir.NG girl to assist with light housework
and children; references. 817 Webster st.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levi Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
Ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32'.j Fremont st.
MEN and women learn barber trade In 6
weeks. PROF. TOM CROKER, 346 Seventh.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
st. ; monthly troubles, etc. ; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.: perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LaRKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
jbsiriptlong and want ads taken. .
MALE HELP WANTED.
ACCOUNTANT, manufacturing business; ex-
perienced correspondent to go north for sea-
son. 313 Bush st.
HEAD cook. $75; second, $45; second cook, $40,
country hotel; lunchman, open oysters. $20
and board; waiter, near city, $25; waiter,
country hotel, $25; cook, small restaurant,
north, $40; dishwasher for a resort, $20. C.
R. HANBEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
YARDMAN, country hotel, $25 and free fare;
bellboy, $10; linen-room man. hotel, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
LOGGER who can use wire rope, $60 and
board; 5 teamsters, city, $1 75 a day; 5 wood-
choppers, $1 25 a cord, tools and grub ad-
vanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10". Geary.
OROCERY clerk, $25 and found, German speak-
ing. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 106 Geary St.
STARCHER and polisher, $30; washer, $30;
marker and distributor, $12 a week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
5 WAITERS, country hotel. $35 and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
TO-DAY
We want 55 railroad laborers, $26 and found,
see b(MM here; 25 farm, orchard, vineyard
hands, $25. *20 $15; buggy washer, country,
all round livery stable man, $25 to $30: black-
smith, city job. $2 50 a day; blacksmith help-
er. $25 and found: 5 milkers. $25 and $20; 10
teamsters, city job. $1 75 a day; 6 laborers.
$1 70 a day, city job: 98 woodchoppers, }1 25
and SI a cord: 596 tie makers, fee. 9c and l.c
each: Fhinsle packer, see boss here; 2 solici-
tors for city milk routes; 85 railroad labor-
ers; machinist, country shop. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 63i"> Clay st.
EMPLOYERS, if you want first-class help
send your orders to us; help supplied free of
charge. Telephone, Main 5848.
5 COOKS, $35. $45 and $25; 3 waiters; pantry-
man and other places at MX'RRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Gardener, with references. $30;
coachman, man about place, $30; farmers.
$20; young German to drive milk wagon. $20
and found; 15 woodchoppers, $1 25 cord: 50 la-
borers for mills and woods, $20 and $26 and
found, ami others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
<v (')., 62S Sacramento St.
WANTED— Butler. $50; third cook, country ho-
tel, $30; baker and second cook, $40: restau-
rant second cook. $30; 3 first-class restaurant
waiters. $10 week; night cook for country, $30
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., M Sacramento st.
WANTED— S farmers for vineyard, good steady
Job, *20; 2 Eastern farm hands, $20; waiter,
young man. for institution, no experience re-
qulri' l. $1" per month, board, lodging and
washing; milkers, cooks, waiters and others.
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
TEN railroad laborers, $26 and board, half
fare paid; shingle packer; vegetable gar-
dener: cheese maker; dairyman; butter
maker; waiter, country hotel, $25. R. T.
WARD & CO.. 60S-610 Clay Bt.
JANITOR (or public institution south; to keep
books and collect rents. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to manage the Sacramento
branch Clerks' Exchange. 313 Bush st.
BtOTEL clerk good buyer, able to keep books,
south. 313 Bush st.
IMPLEMENT and heavy hardware travelng
salesman; good connections; references. 313
Bush st.
MEMBERS' applications are placed fcr con-
sideration before business firms previous to
vacancy occurring; this plan saves delay, ex-
pense and annoyance; investigate. Clerks'
Exchange, 313 Bush St. Enclose stamp.
IDENTICAL with the system of all well-estab-
lished mercantile institutions operated upon
the subscription or membership basis is the
old "Reliable Clerks' Exchange Employment
Clearing-house." 313 Bush St.; maintaining
strictly confidential relations between the
employing business establishments and the
reliable help seeking to advance their posi-
tions; systematically Investigating creden-
tials, submitting results, and ultimately
bringing the employer and applicant to-
gether, committing neither party, and going
over the same matter again and again un-
til .both are suited; the supply being greater
than the demand the demand Is supplied
"free of any expense whatever"; the supply
pays less than 10c per week. Inclose stamp
for catalogue.
THE Clerks' Exchange does not sell positions;
the management will not promise or guar-
antee situations; the business is operated
6trictly upon a subscription basis; investi-
gate. 313 Bush St.; 6 Pacific Coast offices;
ene membership fee covers all.
BOOKKEEPERS, salesmen, office men. clerks,
stenographers and competent people in all
clerical lines secure lucrative and permanent
employment through the Clerks' Exchange;
call and investigate our system and see our
list of vacancies. 1023 Market st.. room 5.
MAN and wife. German preferred, to take
charge of ranch; vineyardist and winemaker;
lroner for laundry. 1023 Market st.
WAITERS and cooks at once; several orders;
all kinds of restaurant and hotel help. Room
6, 1023 Market St.
BUTLER, $»0. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
MAN and wife, $45. see party here. MISS
CI'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRED MANTELE. pantryman, please call at
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
LAUNDRYMAN. country hotel, $30. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment H
BERNARD, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WANTED— Good hustling man to Introduce
new article among storekeepers and stable-
men of San Francisco and . every city and
town of California and surrounding States-
live man can earn $8 to $10 per day. Address'
Inclosing stamp. AMERICAN MANUF-VC-
TURING CO., 434 Race st. Philadelphia. Pa.
AMATEUR musicians, brass and string to
Join orchestra for social purposes. Addlv A
MATTHIEU. 32S Bush st -*PP«y A.
FIRST-CLASS carriage painter, one who is a
good striper. Apply Bay View Carriage Fac-
tory, San Rafael.
GOOD barher wanted at 630 Fourth St.- call
early; wages $3.
BARBER for Saturday aTid Sunday 22J
Hayes st
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 105
Fourth st.
BARBER wanted. ?.i r j Fourth st.
WANTED— Barbfr for Saturday! Ninth and
Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD coatmaker. TH. E. KENT, 597 Mis-
sion St., second floor.
BOY who lives with his parents to work in a
bake shop. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED— Piano player for country. Call be-
tween 10 and l. at 109 Grant aye.. room 8.
BOY wanted to wait on table and do porter
work. 37 Eddy st.
WANTED— An agent to sell teas and coffees
on commission. 2f>3 Fourth st.
GOOD candy helper. Call at once at SCHAEF-
ER'S. 22 Sixth st.
BOY who has worked at upholstering. Apply
at 314 Hayes st.
WANTED— A cook for a boarding-house. 328
Drumm st.; call between 8 and 9.
DISHWASHER wanted. 432 Fifth st J
HELP \VAX r --Sn— Continued.
PORTER wanted: active young man. Inquire
753 Market st., room 3. WILKE. ■ '■' _
YOUNG man who thoroughly 'undei stands
I bookkeeping, 17 years old. Box 14a2. Call. .
j BERBER-SHOP for sale cheap; good reason
for selling. 10714 Fifth st. :.• ■
RECRUITS ■' wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy: able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages or
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such;, must
be of good character and habits and able 10
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
Fr.r further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— t city and 1 country salesmen:
state experience, married or single and ref-
erence. Address box 1514. Call Office. '
GOOD man to sell Egry autographic registers.
PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay street.
WAITER wanted. Manhattan House. 825 Bat-
tery st.
BARBER shop for sale: half cash, balance In-
stallments. 804 Larkin st. _
WANTED— ISO men. Bonanza House, .Market
it., opp. Powell; changed hands: renovated;
good, clean beds: 15c and upward. M. CAR-
ROLL, proprietor. ...
BOILER-MAKERS and rivet boys wanted at
the Rlsdon Iron Works, Ikale and Howard
sts. Apply at Howard-st. entrance. ■ ■
EXPERIENCED presser on cloaks at M. SIM-
| INOFF'S, 122S Market st. - ■-.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F.- Barber College. 138<£ Eighth st.
WANTED— An errand-boy. Address box 1368.
Call. _IZI.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 .third it.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 ' Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room:
free 'bus and baggage to and from -he ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET, 863% (Elcbo House)— Rooms 20c, 25c
to 50c per night: $1 to $2 week. ' -^- .
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerk's. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. . :
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant 136.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The ud.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS "WANTED.
$100 per month selling Monarch Cabinet Vapor
Baths at home; lady or gentleman; price $5.
Pacific Supply Co.. Flood building.
FI'RJUTI'RE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mi»-
Blon st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
ifomery Bt. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; »üb-
gcilptiuns and want ids taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$100— PARTNER wanted for first-class family
restaurant. Box 1436, Call Office.
$100— PARTNER in paint store. Address 106
Eleventh St.. box 16.
R00..1S WANTED.
WANTED — By young couple, 3 or 4 furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms; within
5 minutes' walk of Mission and Tenth sts.
Address room 26, Centennial, Oakland.
WANTED — By 3 adults, sunny 4 or 5 room flat;
Miss-ion or Western Addition. 1031 Market Bt.,
room 5.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished rooms by man and
wife, between Powell and Jones, Sutter and
Turk: mupt be reasonable. Box 1424. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man wants clean, small, furnished
room In private family. Address, with price,
box 1451, Call office.
GENTLEMAN and grown son desire ror.m
apiece and board in private family; no other
boarders; state tf-rms. Box 1441. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes bopae for her
baby to board. HSM Natoma st.
MAN and wife want 3 furnished rooms and
bath for housekeeping; rent not more than
$12 a month; or 3 unfurnished rooms with
bath; rent not more than $10 a month.
Box 1432. Call Office.
LADY will teach piano, etc.. in return for
room and board; central. Box 1306. Call.
FURNISHED HOUSES^JVANTET).^
WANTED— By small family, furnished flat, 7
rooms, bath; ref. exchanged. Box 1393, Call.
WAXTED-MISCELLAXEOIS.
WANTED — $5000 worth of second-hand tools
and machinery. 654 Mission st.
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city.
KF.Vn layout. Address, giving description and
price, 1813 QOH < >akland.
SECOND-HAND blacksmith tools wanted at
once. 204 Mission st.
WANTED— Use of upright piano for storage;
no children. Address X., box 9, Call office,
Oakland^ ;
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery at.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
PARKER b. 1. shotgun, cost $40. for $19; 30-
mile power field and marine glass, cost $35,
for $15 at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ONE National wheel In good order; $10. 2SI
Linden aye., near Gough st.
OFFICE desk and folding bed combined. $15;
also gentleman's bicycle, $15. S2l Howard.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-10 M
Mission st., above Sixth.
WELL-establlshed billiard parlor and saloon:
handsomely fitted up and thorouehlv
equipped; owners going to Dawsnn. Frank's
Billiard Parlors. 6. S. 10 and 12 Eddy st.
HOITSE-MOVEB'S outfit and shop for Bate.
431 Hayes st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand i
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787. t J
WHISKY, Kentucky, '97: bonded warehouse.
San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., San Francisco.
FRESH cows: Jersey. Holstein, Durham: must
be Bold at once. Davidson Coal Yard, 2SII
Mission st.
STEARNS bicycle for sale cheap. 33'/! Lafay-
ette st. • . . -
ENGINE, ■ boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second-hand cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento. ■
1 AND 2- bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand: nil
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. *5 per doz.;
Projectoscope. $100. Baelgalupi,. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. .
BARS, "showcases, counters, shelving. etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal* cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe.
at 42 Main st. •
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send, to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating.
.;. alteration works, 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
- r tel. Main : 394. : -. GEO. • WALCOM. . Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Ho per yard: relaid at 3c
STRATTON, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning
Works, 14 ?th st. B. GRANT: tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 210 14tl»
. St.; cleaning. He a yard: tel. Mission , 74. ■ :■■:*
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 353 Goldea - f% •
Hate aye.: telephone East 126. - k *
SEWING MACHINES.'
"ALL" kinds . bought, . sold, exchanged, '■ rented;
. repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. -
' C.TYHEAVRI'iEUS. ;> : '^i
YOST,- good order, $25; send for sample work.
v ; SCOTT , & BANK AN. 333 " Montgomery , at. -. - '-nx.i\i:ss niANo.s.
$300— 8ALOON with I furnished roomsT on How-
ard st ; kept by present, owner 12 years; doing
Mark* business; rent $47. Call WILKE, 7b3
- tloon, half block from Marl tt
-t , dose to rhelan block; good paying placi .
Partners can't agree. WILKE, fs3 Market st.
$aM — GENTS" and ladies' furnishing goods
. doins a first-class paying business:
choicest location; a rare opportunity for an
active and industrious lady. WILKE. 7SL:
iiarket st.
•Os X> established and money making nursery;
-< hothouses, boiler, horse, wagons, buggy,
cash register, lease and dwelling bouse; rent
$3>>: investigate ut once; this is the leading
business in the city. WILKE, 7*3 Mnrket st.
A $2000 old-established drugstore, with doctor's
office; !arg« store anu prescription trade;
manufacturer of 9 specialties for general
firus trade; no Letter chance to step into a
Bat-class paying business. Particulars
' WILKE, 7Su Market st.
i_i\i — CORNER saloon, among the wholesale
bouses; large stock; rent reasonable; paying
trade; a good place for i men. M. LESS, 7G
. Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted in a restaurant; well
paying; principal street: central; owner tired
'f unreliable help; sober man, no other. M.
LX2SS, :<">."■ Market st.
: ■:.: ash, Uai on easy payments;
country hotel and bar In one of the liveliest
portii us of the State; 20 furnished bedrooms;
large (lining, billiard an 1 bar rooms; estab-
lished and paying well for more than 11
yea^ ; building and lot included. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
$lsCo— BAKERY; the oldest established
and : In the city: has best class
<■: cash customers; store trude of $25 to $30
■per day. $45, $:■" on Sundays and holidays;
horse and wagon; all private trade; reasona-
ble rent; situated in an excellent locality;
Is without doubt the best investment
the bakery line yul will bear
t) c strictest and moFt rigid investigation; full
'trial allowed to intending purchaser. M.
LESS. Bt.
A GRAND opportunity, bakery. Western Ad-
dition, clearing JK'O month; 4 rooms; rent
only JC2 a month: price $800. Call to-day,
HKALY, 917 Markr-t st.
A GRAND chance, a business clearing $130
monthly, lodging-house and saloon, 16 room:-;
r.-arVarket st. ; this is a tine opportunity to
n ake a fortune. HEALY, yi7 Market at.
CICJAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel % 95C
Restaurant, best in eltj S5O
Partner In poultry and ;ame; snap...
randy store; worth $300; price 22j
I oe corner; down tuwn 200"
to ft C. PECKER, 10M Market st.
BAKERY, large oven biggest
■ ever offered. DECKER, 1020 Market.
CORNER grocery, bar; very good location.. s4so
A go,n! branch bakery and delicacy Bt i
A very nice cigar store; good location.... 30)
Three good eaJ as and I t Btaurants for
pale at ANDERSON .\: CO.'S, 7" Market st.
In a thriving country town, SS miles
frojn San ; in old-established stove
I hard store, uitji plumbing sho;> at-
tached. For further particulars apply to C.
HACKS, '■■■>'■ Eddy st.
Ki'K sale a well-paying saloon.
I lodging house in a prosperous
t mntry town, on account of sickness. F< r
ulars apply at 130 Ninth Rt.. S. GROSS-
MAN.
j.r BRANCH bakery and delicacy store, in-
ing furnitun - cation; nice living
•t $15; owner leaving city. Box
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business
suited to plain steady man; $1S to ;25 a week ;
no experience required; trial given. 9 Geary
st. room 2. .;•..•.-- .>*■■•'■'■-■>;(
FOR sale — Paying grocery and bar; south of
Market st.; must sell on account of sickness.
!HMAN, LUTGEN & CO., BIS Clay st.
GOOD paying restaurant; average $15 per day;
low rent; selling account of departure. Ap-
l.'.y 2414 Mission st.
PARTNER wanted for a first-class fam-
ily restaurant. Address box 1436, Call office.
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. Apply St Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; good
order; low r»-:.t; investigate. 219 Fouith st.
FOR sale cheep, $200. stationery, toy, notion
store; 4 rooms. 2115 Fillmore st.
GOOD saloon for sale; full stock; price $250.
Box 1442. Call office.
. GOOD-PAYING cigar stand at a bargain. 33
Third st.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; good loca-
tion; owner wants to leave town. 525 Laguna.
BARBER shop for sale at a bargain; must be
sold in 10 days. Apply at 7 Fourth st.
TO CAPITALISTS— SeveraI working miners
having consolidated taQ acres free and cement
gold-bearing gravels, also large deposit South
African «*>nglonverate and tailings, will sell'
- all or part: good water facilities and roads;
81 miles from railroad; 75 miles from Stock-
ton. Address box 143, Quartz Mountain,
.Tuolumne County,. Cal.
FOR SALE— Country hotel, 20 rooms; nice club
hall: very fine bar; $200 stock; everything
new; very low rent; on account of sickness;
no agent: 5-year lease. Exchange Hotel, Mar-
■** tines. Cal.
* OPPORTUNITY for party with small capital
to buy one of the most promising patents ever
brought to California; great success in the
East. Address A. W. PRAUTCH, 658 Eighth
st., Oakland. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; best location; receipts
from $15 to $45 per day; too much other busi-
ness; will sell for less than half value. Gro-
cery, cor. Sixth and Howard sts.
MONET wanted on a patent: best show to
make money; traveling through United
States: better than the Klondike. Box 1406,
Call office.
FOR SALE— A cigar store and laundry office;
gooU location: a sacrifice. 518 Hayes St.
2 LEVEL city lots, 50x120; will trade; title per-
fect. 52 Eighth st.
$42'i — Cigar store; northwest corner Kearny and
California sts.
FOR SALE— old established jewel ry store
in the heart of the Mission. 1800 Howard st.
CASH business, pays $300 per month; investi-
... - gation solicited. P. M. 515 Stevenson st.
3 MEN with $100 to open quartz and gravel
mine, Nevada County. 1145 Mission st.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
765 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on investment of $2000 for
1597 eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for sale
on accoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
$50— On account of sickness, this nice business,
embracing milk, eggs, butter, bread, candy
and notions, Is offered for sale; 2 pleasant liv-
ing rooms in rear of store, nicely furnished
for housekeeping. If you want a bargain call
quick at 1145 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— Hotel close to railroad passen-
cer depot in lively country town; every-
■ thing newly furnished and in good run-
ning order. For particulars apply to Me-
LEOD & HATJE, 515 Market st.
CROCKERY and household goods More, in best
location; principals only. Box 1513, Call.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Address box 15J6,
Call office.
FOR sale — An old-established butcher shop, do-
ing a fairly good business; no reasonable
offer "refused; owner leaving the State. In-
quire at 210& Mission st.
PLAY the races on our new system; $64 a
we«k on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
" for i services. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 6 and 6. S5O Market st., San Francisco.
$225 BUYS city wagon route, clearing $75
monthly or no sale; trial given. 402% Geary.
■ ONE »f the best-paying restaurants in the
city; 'Investigate. C2l-623 Montgomery at.
CORNER grocery and bar: 2 living rooms; good
place for man and wife. 117 Flllmore st.
FOR sal»— of the best bakeries In the city.
Inqulre^at 1509 I'olk st.
■A GOOD private custom milk route for sa'.e
cheap. Inquire 707 Devisadero St., bet. Ful-
ton and 1 . Grove.
SALOON ; 'good corner; bargain: northeast cor-
ner Thirl and lirannan sts.; no agents. W.
11. PAY3E. _
NEWSPAPER routes and g?nertil news
■ agency; price $3900 rash: principals only. Ad-
dress Agent, box 1249. Call office.
SMALL lunch counter; half or whole interest;
call and investigate. 229 Fourth st. ;.
PATENTS-6MITH & OBBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry:
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant ay.
PORTLAND n^'ericy thin' paper/ Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st., Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea ' route* supplied from GEO.
V. W. CABWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento »t _
618 LARKIN Branch office of The Oku.
■ Subscriptions; and want ads taken. •
\ LOST.
BROKE away; one gray horse with saddle.
Suitable reward by returning to Barry's
Milk Ranch, Ban Bruno road and Crescent
aye. \
LOST— dot. Return to 312 Capp st. and
- receive reward.!
$20 REWARD— tost, a gold locket, finished
with platinum hnd diamond In center. Re-
turn to Rio Grande Western Railway office,
14 Montgomery St.. and receive reward.
LOST— Blue greyhound. Return to 868 'Howard '
street. ;. ; :j-xf!&£s8^lc!$SB&LB$BB& ■ : '■; ■. ' ■ '■ ,
ALA. .A ENTERPRISES.
X LOX Dl KK!*^ ~ ~ ~~
Wanted— ls more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. . For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21. Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Koran Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts. _
THE swift sailer Helen W. Almy is ready to
leave for Copper River and Cook's Inlet about
March 10, IS9S; low rates for passage and
freight. Apply at once to owners;. MGHNS &
KALTENBACH. 19 Market st. j__
KLONDIKERS— By using the Eureka Klon-
dike portable gold washer you get more yel-
low stuff than you can carry: come and see
it before starting; It is the thing you need.
319 Bush st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-418 Jackson at.
KLONDIKE I!.-" wishing Information about out-
fitting In Victoria, call or write 60% Third.
SMALL, select party forming for Klondike.
1236 Market St.. room 126. .
DOGS for Klondike: three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; ! heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson stf«.
A-$165 WHOLESALE will outfit you for Alas-
i ka everything complete, ticket Included, for 1
' year. For particulars call or address DOWN-
ING, 1605H Devisadero st.; reference given.
STEAMBOAT companies wishing to get cap-
tains, pilots, barge pilots of 20 years' expe-
rience f/fr light draught boats can get same ,
by applying 2 Cal. St. Capt. F. H. < ruthers.
BEFORE going to Klondike get Mine. Young's
Mosquito Protection Remedy, $1. 605 Mc-
Allister st.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Batter.
DOGS for Klondike— 2s strong dogs for Imme-
diate use. 510 Van Ness aye.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co.. 133 First st.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers. ■ 531 Washington.
loocjim; houses for sale.
; ROOMS, near Baldwin; bargain $250
50 rooms; new furniture; easy payments.. 3200
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 .". ISM
10 rooms, on McAllister 400
24 rooms, on Kearny: clears $200 2500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
30 rooms; central: 2 fronts: worth $1200... 550
Hotel in mining town: good bar 1000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
11. C. DECKER— Office, 1020 Market, opp. r.th.
Houses from 4 to 300 rms: pri'-^s $50 t0..f35,00fl
5-room flat on Geary: new; payments.. 450
ZS-room hi'use; sunny cor.; new fixtures. 900
i rw ms; ast ST.". new and clean; only. 160
60 rooms; clears $250; nothing but cash. 2,.V'0
ZO-room boose on Tehama; good 450
ROOMS: fine sunny corner; never
changed hands; elegant furniture: clears $175;
rent reduced. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
MS ity Hall; easily worth
1800; a snap. DECKER, I"2'> Market, opp. ,'.th.
$650 — HOTEL; good country town; 25 rooms;
fine-paying bar: rent $56; clearing $150.
DECKER, 1080 Market st.
40 ROOMS; double corner; furniture cost tGOOO;
has positively cleared $l."0 per month for 2
years: price $2250; 1-3 cash, balance <>asy pay-
ments. BUTLER SMITH. '4 Port st.
$100 BUYS a 7-room furnished house: all full.
call at s2i Howard st.
LODGING-HOUSE of 12 nicely furnished
rooms for rale cheap. 340 Third st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT 0
A piano made in 1898. with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every* dollar I have. As I own my own build-
lnK and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this Instrument with $2,000,000. thiß. I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano Is the Kingsbury.
The price is $225.
The address is 52fi Hayes Ft.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
OX account of extensive alterations in our
warerooms we offer the following bargains:
One Newhall piano $ 55
One Raven & Bacon piano 70
One Xew York piano 100
One Gilbert piano 125
One Mathushek piano 140
One Weber piano 165
One Gabler piano 195
One Jewett piano 215
One Stein way piano 2SO
One Steck piano MS
One Chickering piano 385
All guaranteed ; easy payments. BEX J.
CT/RTAZ & SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell st.
AXY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3, $4. $5, 6. $7; $S. $3.
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded: no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Pteinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Stein way
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Butter sts.
A FEW PRICKS WORTH CONSIDERING IN
SF.t 'OX! i-HAXD PIANOS—
Manhattan $ 75
Ronißch 150
Cameron 800
Bans 2."0
Byron Mauzy 300
Call and examine. Warerooms BYRON
MAITZY, 30S-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest ;ind largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrrll st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
A FINE line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices, including
Steinways. ("hi'kering. Hftllett A Pavlu.
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO., Ml Market st.
FINF tcrif-. lars» sizp upright. $12.">: great bar-
gain: new Decker & ?on an.l Gibson pianos
at lr.w pries*. MAUVAIS. 7(9 Market St.
COLBY pianos are the host for the money in
the market: highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market at.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Manx.-. Newby. Brans,
Brifrgs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, Sl2 Post st.
Administrator's sale— Must seU planoa~at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market St.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
$100 — GRAND upright piano, almost new; going
to Alaska. Address box 1397, Call offlce.
A BARGAIN— An elegant high grade piano,
$150. Room 12, Flood building.
$12",— FINE upright; great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter st., next Hibernia Bank. SC'HMITZ.
AGENCY HaineB Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell Bt.
;-i"pr:TiiOß violins, aithers, old and new. 11.
VLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch offlce of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HORSES.
FOR SALE— Match team of black pacers, 7
years old. 15U hands high: pace In 2:50. In-
quire Grand Hotel, room 137.
WANTED — 50 o!d horses froe from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
ONE fast pacer, 5 years old; 1 carriage horse,
17 hands high; fi young horses from country,
well broken. 104 Golden Gat* aye.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must
cell. T. P. NEWELL. 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Ptxth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN Jfc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
«S~LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ariw taken.
WAGOXS ATili CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and m;lk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison »t.
ATTOIINEVS AT UW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale, patents,
trademarks, etc. : established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, &50 Market, cor. Stockton.
PRIVATE matters, Insolvency, collections; free
advice; open evenings. McCABE. 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market sit j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVEB TOWN ir • . —
You see houses to rent by "BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. ■: ... i
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest Improvements; furniture new; piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437, Call office.
GLEN PARK, 36, off Twelfth st.— 7 rooms,
bath, laundry; 2 yards; $25. DEMPSTER.
6-ROOM house and basement, $11; Laurel aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER &
LENT, 14 Post St. ; ...
$-S-HOL'SE; 5 rooms; new; be well and happy; i
live on the hill. 1507 Kearny. I
MKMSHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house. 11 rooms, $33. 16 Devls-
adero, above Haight, 10 to 2.
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; privi- ■
lege renting premises. Box 1145, Call office.
MISSION, 2726— Parlor floor, 5 nicely furnished
rooms; every convenience for housekeeping;
piano: bath; garden; large basement: $25.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COMFORTABLE cottage, yard, cellar, also flat
6 room, $14. Key at grocer's, 623 Second st.
NEW cottage of 5 rooms, bath; fine chicken
range; stable; $12. 1426 Eleventh St., East
Oakland.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 15th St., nr. Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE place, 8, off Taylor St.. near Post— j
Lower Sat, 4 nice sunny rooms; $13. '
ALL OVER TOWN "*~ : r —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. - ? '• I
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove j
parlors, etc. - . . j
FOLSOM, Ms, near Fifth— sl2. new middle bay
window flat; 3 rooms; gas, bath, tubs.
FURNISHED or unfurnished sunny corner flat.
6 rooms, bath; liable. 511 A Buchanan.
HAIGHT, 1021, above Broderick— Nice sunny
6-room flat; best neighborhood.
HOWARD and Twelfth— Elegant corner flat. 7
rooms and bath; 3 bay windows; rent $25. Key
in store.
HYDE. 41«%- House of 4 large sunny rooms. '
with water, $12 month; in good order.
IVY. 123, near Van Ness aye. — 4 sunny rooms, !
$12; lower, $10. ;h v j
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
MOSS, 30, near Seventh — Upper flat, 5 rooms;
bath: yard; newly papered; key corner How-
ard st.
LOWER- flat; 4 large rooms and hall: separate j
yard; $13. HA Sheridan St., near Ninth.
NATOMA, 714 4 rooms, sunny; large yard;
cellar: $10.
NEAR Citj Hall, elegant flat, 5 rooms, bath.
$18. 111 Prove st.
XEW sunny flat. 3 large rooms, bath; latest
improvements. Key at 713 Grove st.
NEWt.V painted cottage. 4 rooms; yard; rent
$10. Lombard and Hyde sts.
NINETEENTH, 3380, 1 block from Eighteenth
or -Castro st. cars; lovely lower sunny 6-room
flat; modern; £lh; water free.
SUNNY corner Bat, ". room?. *i 7: in-idc flat
with bath. $16; newljr painted and papered.
Corner Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & Howkll. i" Montgomery st
UPPER sunny modern 5-room fiat; warm belt.
Bhl Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
1 AND 6 room flats; some with gardens; sunny;
attractive view: on Twelfth st and Glen Park
aye. ; $12, $13, $14. $18 and $23 50. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
US— FLAT, double parlors, dining and kitchen:
41 Hermann. Junction Market and Valencia.
4 Ri n "MS each; upper and lower: $8 and $li;
new; or will sell entire building; $200 cash,
$20 month. THE MCCARTHY C0..9M Markft.
|tt— WATER free; sunny lower 4-rooxß flat:
modern; larpe lot; garden. 4u7S Twenty-third
St., few stf-ps from Castro: care key 4071.
|JO— CHEAPEST flat In city; B rooms, bath.
SWA Valencia st.. near Seventeenth.
$17— FLAT. 6 rooms. Mth: modern. 1448 Va-
lencia st.. near Twenty-fifth.
$40 — Lovely sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van New
MONTGOMERY, 527, cor. Clay— Open until r>:*)
o > clock; hranch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
KOI SKKKEIMMi ROOMS.
BRAXXAX. 725. above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished; $7.
BRYANT. 511, near Third— Nicely furnished
sunr.y suites, from $7 per month up.
CENTRAL. 52 Second — Light housekeeping
rooms and single; week, $1 25 to $2 50; day,
2oC to 50c. C-".-v,"i- '
: EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH, 425-2 —2 sunny rooms, furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping: water in kitchen.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
| room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
' GEARY, 518 — Elegant sunny furnished rooms,
$8 up; also suites; gas, bath; housekeeping.
■ GEARY, 1917— $20; adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath: 2 beds; gas; coal stoves: all necessaries.
! GOLDEN GATE, 1030— 2 or 3 large,' nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
HICKORY aye., 181, near Gough— Furnished
housekeeping rooms; every convenience;
$7 up.
HOWARD, 504—8, 3 or 4 complete housekeeping
rooms; first floor; gas, bath; single, $4 up.
HOWARD, 623 —.We11-furnished single and
housekeeping rooms, $5 a month up.
HOWARD, 821— Housekeeping room, $S; 2 $10;
also others, $1 week up.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large. sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE, 446—3 rooms c-mplete for housekeep-
ing. $12 month; single rooms, $5:
MISSION, 821— Large sunny housekeeping room,
$S per month; suite*, $10.
MISSION, B*7 2 housekeeping rooms; well
furnished: $10; apply in store.'
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW MONTGOMERY, UK-Furnished house-
keeping rooms, $1 50 per week; single. 7."c, $1.
NINTH. 113— Well furnished sunny front room
and kitchen, $12 month; running water, bath.
POLK, 522 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
suite, complete; also sunny cozy front room.
SHOTWELL, Sunny furnished room;
stove, hoi and cold water: $5.
SIXTH, 23H— sunny room, complete for
housekeeping, $10; other rooms. $6 up.
SIXTH. 132—3 rooms for housekeeping, $12 a
month; other rooms, $6 a month up. .
STANLEY Place, I*— $10, 6 nlco sunny rooms,
including bath. ....-,■
SUITE of kitchen and front room, with fold-
ing-bed, for housekeeping; $1 50 a week. Ap-
ply 5*2 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
TURK. 543—2 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $15.
TENTH, 111, near Market— 2 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; also other rooma
THIRD. 30»— 2 sunny furnished rooms complete
for houspk«-f-plng: 17 month.
TWELFTH. 775— 2 nicely furnished "sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
WASHINGTON. r,o2— Why "pay carfare and
live out of town? 3 funny unfurnished rooms;
$S: pingle rooms $2 50 and $3; marble wash-
«tnni]p: water.
ROOMS TO LET.
! ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en HUlte and single; Urst-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
I ALTON. 204 McAllister— Sunny front suites,
suitable for 3 or 4 people.-
AT the Florence Hotel, 102 Ellis, cor. Powell—
Kleirant sunny rooms, en suite or single:
quiet home for families and those who ap-
prf elate comfort; elevator; baths; reasonable.
BIRCH aye.. 225 M5. between Grove and Fulton,
off Van Neas — Nicely furnished front room;
private family. •
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Elegant apartments at
reasonable rates; elevator; tourists; transient.
BUSH, 706 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, $10; private family.
BOBH, 826— Large sunny room; hot and cold
water; for gentlemen.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $£ and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 118%— Clean sunny rooms. $5 up: pleas-
ant housekeeping suite cheap; quiet house.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week, $2 to $6: families.
El>l>Y. 603— Large pleasant unfurnished room;
laundry; yard; cheap.
FOURTH, 223 — Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; reasonable.
FIFTH, 309— New house; 1 or 2 sunny bay-
window rooms; kitchen; range; running water.
FRANKLIX. 507— Room with hot and cold
water, for gents, $6 month; private family, j
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GEARY 6B— Nicely furnished single and dou-
| bfe rooms; bath__gas; reasonable. j
GOLDEN GATE, — New furnished rooms;
running water, hot and cold. j
GOLDEN GATE aye., 334— let, furnished
room to respectable gentleman.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator: moderate rates; families.
liWi'TK HOUSE. 7SI Mission: select family
rooming house: t] ■■' to N per week.
HARRISON, M«, near Sixth— Nice large single
rooms, $3 per month. ; ■ ..- ;, -,:,::.
Howard! vis, st. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms; J
.suites; -Ingle; sunny reading-room; 2."c up.
HOWARD • 98J— By day, week or month; 25c,
30c. 75c and $1 per day; $'. to $15 per month.
HOWARD, 1217H— Nicely furnished room for i
j one or two gentlemen; private family. j
JESSIE! 445— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; rent $5. • ; "
LARK IN, Large sunny bay , window
rooms; all conveniences; s private family;
reasonable. " !
MCALLISTER, 511— Sunny back parlor; grate; :
gas; bath: $S month: 2 gentlemen.
MCALLISTER! MS— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW FRANKLIN. 321 'Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; day. week or month. :
O'FARRELL, 32!»— Sunny furnished rooms; en I
suite or single; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 519— Furnished rooms to let.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
POLK, 607— Nice, light, well-furnished single
room, $4 per. month; bath and (tan.
POST, 1033— Nicely furnished pleasant front
room; bath, gas: private family. [
POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL. 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms adjoining. suitable for two gentlemen.
SEVENTH, 136— Nicely furnished single front j
room; reasonable. ' ■"-.- : v I
SHERMAN Apartment House. in Eighth st., j
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single: day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
STTTTER, 301— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
central; reasonable: single or en suite.
SUTTER, 715-717-719, and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 131—4 pleasant unfurnished rooms,
with bath, to rent. .
TAYLOR, 706— Well furnished sunny room for
gentleman. . ■ ■
VAN NESS aye., M 7-3 sunny unfurnished
rooms.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLIS. Nicely furnished front suite, with
board, for 2 or 3; terms reasonable.
FELL, Nicely furnished sunny parlors for
two, with board. •*-■"
FOLSOM. Gil— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
VAN NESS. SOS— Beautiful sunny parlors;
modern: first-class table.
CHILDREN BOARDED]
LADYwouldllke child to board: a mother's
care. Address 23Ti9 Twenty-second st.
STOKES TO LET.
BARBER shop to rent, with chairs and fix-
tures; rent cheap. Call at 2051 Twenty-fourth
St., corner Alabama. ■/■—.?.-
BARBER shop to let. 1802 Howard st., cor.
Fourteenth.
CORNER store and 3 rooms, on Geary st., near
Taylor; cheap rent. Apply 516 Geary, st.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts.. rent
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market St.. suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. ; cheap rent.
TWO stores in the Starr-King Building. Geary
St., adjoining California Furniture Co. and
' City of Paris to let after July 1. IS9S. Ap-
ply N. P. COLE. 117 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, . business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil *; Biir.int engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers, lltw grad-
uates placed since lsi 2: catalogue.
AVKKS' Business College. T23 Market at. :
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, mln-
i ing, mech., survey, assay, archit. ; day * eve.:
I est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLKN. 933 Market.
■
Tn " >X KEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's cormtlns-rootn makes you
th.. rough. Room 572. §66 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar; day, night; $5 mo. 1.V14 Market", op. Bth.
FISK Agency. 82", Market Ft. -Teachers fur-
nlFhed; public; private; governesses; tutors.
MTSS GAMBLE'S dancing school 317 Devlsa-
! dero; adults, Fri.. 8 p.m.; children. Thu.. J:80.
SAN FRANCISCO Biklmm College 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in "96; 102 In '9?.
INSTRUCTION in tapestry painting, etc. : les-
sons, 25c. Studio, 419 Geary st.. room IS.
GTITAR. inpndolln. plnno p.nd vocal lessons
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 30 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano I'arls graduate; French.
Spanish ; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— Thi Weekly
Pull. In wrapper, for mailing
MKDK'AL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, ninn and women:
50 years" practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and old; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 69
McAllister ft.: pills. ?2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other condition*
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time: kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home In confinement:
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS DR. WTETH. 918 Post fit., nr. Larkin.
DRB. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far. consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenek's method, the celebrated French
physician: a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled- 1." years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2.
A PT'RE. safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWTER. 226 Turk «t.
ET T RE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore In 1 day; never falls:
consultation free; can be sent ana used at
nome DR POPPER. 318 Kearny; orders by
telephone.
A~TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cafes of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cau«eV no instruments used: cure at of-
fice J5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. gOHI*. 1M» WUJU&WI
I>K MOHRDIEfK'S *k!n purifier prevents
wrinkles, mugrhneis: removes all disagree-
able affections of the skin, given a beautiful
and healthy complexion. SI Taylor St.. r. 14.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; pries
ft DO. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
Ie stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X at.; Sacramento.. Cal.
ALPEATTS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure; $2 60;
express COD.; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS. . Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
I CAPSULETAS— sure; harmless;
guaranteed or money refunded; price Jl 50.
MMR. MASSON. 1213 Geary st.
| DR. HALL, McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. ■■ '..*'■:■■'.
! LADIES-Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible^ safe rem-
ediPs: 38 years* experience. 284H Fourth st. -.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. PTTNKE. 1418 Bth St.. Alameda.
■'•:■•■■ "legal NOTICES. .-.' '.'. .- -
NOTICE~TO CREDITORS— of JACOB
C. JOHNSON, deceased. , ■- ;-■•;..
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned.
ANNA E. JOHNSON.' executrix of the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the
creditors of. and all persons- having . claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers. . within . ten months
after the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the office of J. C. • JOHN-
SON CO.. No. 400 Market St.. the same being
her ■ place for the transaction of the business
of the said estate <In the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California. • • .■
■ . ■ , . . ANNA E. JOHNSON. l
Executrix of the estate ,of . JACOB C. : JOHN-
, SON, deceased: ■'-■ ' -
Dated at San Francisco, February 24. 189 S.
. . J. A. STEPHENS, • -,-•
Attorney for Executrix. Cl»us Sprcckels build- ,
U'B- >
. PERSONALS.
WILLIAM BALLARD of Portsmouth, England.
can hear good • news by sending his address
to T. H. WAY. Aiameda. • '
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no to re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
JJLSINhSS PERSONALS.
LEARN to 'Hypnotize You can make hours of
fun, cure disease or bad titbits; cause others
to love and obey you; quickest method; sue-
. cess guaranteed; lesson. 10c. PROF. HERIN.
Pesotum. 111. Beware of poor imitators. Send
for testimonials and press reports.
I established the price of 25c for hairdresslng
and employ only the • best artists; good
switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long. Jo: open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st., nr. Market; 200 rooms,
Me to $1 BO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KLONDIKE KABIN, a portable house with
double walls, light and tight. Model at Free
Information Bureau, 6 Market st.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St., S. P.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic accelerates growth: per-
fectly harmless. G. LEDERER. HI Stockton.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. MS Market, room 2.". second floor.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON. 514VJ Geary.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy inntallments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Pansome st.:
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. S6.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to v p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Bend stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Mp.rket Ft., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life r<yi.l!ng: ladles SOc. ,
1 gentssl; palm, and c!alrv. ; sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123% Sixth St., room' 14.
MM!", SYBTLLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 2."c: ladles. 914 O'Farreil st.
Miss TROY from Chicago, magnetic healer
and card reader. 1013 Market, rm. IT. 2d floor.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, 131 Taylor St., room
2; mind-reader and palmist. ••.'•';' : ?-'-' i "' : j
MMX. lIANSKN. palmist fa -d-writer: past,
present and future: Cse; 14S Sixth, room 5.
MISS MKT.VILLK. great clairvoyant and
water reader, !'2IU Mission: German spoken.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St.. room 10.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
i MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: circle Tnw.
i Fri. eves.. We; rending? dally, 25c, 50c. 103 6th.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 12<" v Geary st.
JOSIE TAYLOR, magnetic healer: mind
reader. 223 Post St., room 11. second floor.
MRS. MANDENA. medium, palmist: life read-
ings. 25c; satisfaction guarant'd 28 Sixth st.
MMX. MOREAU, beat medium and card-
reader; 2.x- up; German spoken. 73 Fourth St.
MMX. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant
card render. magnetic treatment.. 4ol L»avnwth
MMX. RA VENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st. •
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— In her pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. IB Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Cull. Sent to any address In the UnltM
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free
SPIRITUALISM. -
i TEST and healing circle to-night, 8: 25c; Mrs.
Hovet and Mrs. VValtham. 433 Polk st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
nil questions. Ladles; 25c; gents. 50c. ' 3 7th.
PROF. GEE; readings daily; test circles Tue.,
Thur., Frl.. 8 p. m. ; 2."> c. 86oH Market st.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght at.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings, 120 A Eddy St.. room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 21* Stockton st.
HI LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HYPNOTISM-
THOROUGH course In hypnotism, with dl-
[ ploma, |5. CAL. INSTITUTE. 402% Geary st.
i SPECIAL rates to classes forming this week,
between Monday and Saturday; instructions
every day and evening If desired: specially
interesting demonstrations this (Friday) even-
ing, 8 o'clock. S. F. College of Suggestive
Therapeutics, 911 Van Ness aye. .
MONEY TO LOAN. '
ANY amount at- 6Vi per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 21 Montgomery St.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. I_i______
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage; life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low in- ;
terest; private; no com. R. 18, 1170 Market.
$5 -UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry: all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGA>* & CO., 230 Kearny at. ; upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on tlinmonds and Jew-
elry -at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 918 Market Ft: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $23 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
FURNITURE, pianos, estates In probate; any
proposition. HILL & CO.. 14 McAllister, r. 64.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
|30 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Pryden, 41?, Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, M Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st. • -
SIXTH, 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry. ' '.■" '
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFEE rtRQS,. IPS M"ntgom«— - »t.
DBimSTS.
VAN VROOM elt>rtro-de- tal parlors; painless
dentistry: no shock: rainless extraction a
positive fact; full pet of teeth, $." up; silver
fillings. 2."> c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
997 Market st., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jossle 1695.
A FT LI".. st>t of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings JOe: crowns, $3 30; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c:
plates. f">: gold filling. 75c up; silver, £3c up;
plates mended. SI up; special Inducements
to Klondlkers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting 60c; gae given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
TO LEASE-
WANTED— To lease smoke house. Address i>7
Union Square Market.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
LIBERTY st., near~Dolor«sT~new resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; electric and gas
lighting; furnace heat: elopant view; $2000
can remain on mortgage at 6^j per cent.
$5750— The best bargain in the city; 3949 2"th
St., near Church: 8 large sunny rooms and
bath; walls and ceilings finely decorated; lot
25:11x114; flOijo cash, balance monthly; jpen
tor Inspection.
$4000— Southwest cor. of Dolores and Army
sts.; tot ttlM, with a new 7-room and bath
residence; enough ground vacant to build flats
or store; ttrm3 can be arranged.
BALDWIN & HOWELU
10 Montgomery St., or 232 Liberty st.
RAKE chance for home; bargain: new cottage
6 rooms, stable, bath. Box 1449, Call.
TO exchange for small ranch near town. 2 flats
Of 4 and 5 rooms, bath; fine street; electric
cars pass the door. Inquire at 934 Dolores st.
2 FLATS and large lot; must be sold; cheap.
Inquire meat market, 576 Howard st.
fSOOO BACH— For sale. 3 elegant new houses,
situated 1 block from Golden Gate Park at
corner of Shrader and Beulah sts. ; contain 7
to 9 rooms each and all modern conveniences;
don't fail to see them; terms easy; houses
open. Apply on premises.
Foil SALE— Bargain: beautiful house of i flats,
on sunny side of O'Farrell st. ; each nat 6
rooms and bath: open for Inspection. 2134
O'Farrell St., near Broderick.
NEW house, 7 rs., bath; easy terms: Mission:
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
810 bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
$15,000; renting for $133 50; *7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postoffice box 2495.
fOI'STRY HEAL ESTATE.
$2000— REDUCED from $3500 to make a quick
sale; 22 acres in Santa Clara County, 1 mile
from railroad; 3V» acres fruit and vines:
plenty of wood; fine trout stream; 12 acres
can be irrigated; good house of 7 rooms; barn
and outbuildings; some personal property;
great bargain. GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny.
339 HAVES ST. -Branch office of *he Call.
Subscriptions and nds taken.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BIGGEST bargain— s2Boo; lot 70xlf>0; cottage. 6
rooms; orchard and chicken yard: half block
from Bfastlck Station; all Improvements; 1031
Prospect st. Apply ;>Ol Market st.. S. F.
BOARDING house, nicely furnished, with M
rooms, doing fine business: great bargain.
Address postoffice box 364. Alameda, Cal.
$12ii0— SACRIFICE; l"t 34x133; northwest corner
on fine avenue; g. rod house of 6 rooms aod one
of 4 rooms; 1 block from station; near schooi;
biK income on investment.
$;ni>o — New modern cottage: lot 40x150; fine
location; fl-'O cash. $25 per month; for cash
HS00; snap.
$2!Mo— Beautiful new S-room house, complete;
lot 50x203; choice location: very easy terms.
To Close an Estate— lo- room house; lot 00x140:
Alnmeda's best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12,750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment: properties brinpinp $130 per month;
mortgage of $W»o can remain: bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P MOHEAL & CO..
1432 Park st.. Alameda.
iillth. I.K\ KEAL. ESTATE.
BERKELEY BARGAINS—
A new modern six-room house, fine finish,
$2100.
Another of seven rooms, nearly new, only
$i7r>o.
An'!, best of all, an elegant ten-room up-
to-date house on lan?e lot for $3MO.
All of them near electric cars and local
stations and can be had on easy terms.
Bargains in lots In all parts of town. Call
in. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.
OAKLAND HOISES TO LET.
HOUPB of 7 rooms, bath. $17; cottage of 5
r^'>rr.s, Lath. $14; corner flat of 5 rooms, bath,
?!"•. Apply USS East Fifteenth st., corner of
TwentyvthJrd avc. East Oakland.
IHI ITVAI.K FURNISHED HOISF.S.
K~- NICE sunny cottage of nix rooms, finely
furnished; nlano; larpe lot; in Fruitvale.
LOWRT, OWENS & CO.. Fruitvale station.
PKOPERTY TO KXCMANGt.
$5000— CLEAR: gilt-edg:e residence property In
Santa Cruz for city property; will assume
mortffaße. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
jjn.noo — HOTEL and pleasure resort: 76 acres In
fruit and vines; short distance from city; ex-
change for Oakland, city. Alameda or Berke-
ley property. H. C. DECKER. 112) Market.
SALOON to exchange for house and lot: pay
ensh difference. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
STORAGE.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZKHFUPS, S4O Mission gt. Tel. Mint IS2I.
MARRIAGE LICENBES.
James» H. Bowling and Ettie Rtroud. 2*— 24.
W. Hofff-chneider and Louise Scheicing. 23-27.
F.sedoe Horn and Estella Brown, 24—20.
John ''nrhart and Mariam Qulnn, 60—23.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persona authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
AREDONDO— In Freedom. February 26, IS9S, to
the wife of Ed Aredondo, a son.
BARBEY— In Watsonville, February 23. 1898,
to the wife of Florencio Barbey, a son.
BOYD— In this city, February 21, IS9S, to the
wife of John A. Boyd, a daughter.
BROWN— In this city. March 4, 1898, to the
wife of Albert Brown, a son.
EPPINGER— March 3. 1898. to the wife of
Josua Eppinger, a daughter.
GROVE— Near Watsonvllle. February 24. 1898,
t i tli<- wife of Lee Grove, a daughter.
KNTEGO— In Watsonvllle, February 27, 1898, to
the wife of Stephen Knego, a daughter.
LONG— In Lonoak. February 20, IS9B, to the
wife of R. P. Long, a son.
RAGGIO— In Madrone. March 2. 1898, to the
wife of G. Ragrglo. a son.
RICE- In Watsonvllle, February 27, 18'J8, to the
wife of J. J. Rice, a daughter.
V MARRIED. :P;l^ ,
BEHREND— BENTER— Oakland. March 2.
189S, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, at the resi-
dence of Mrs. Benter, Henry William Beh-
rend and Mary Benter,. both of Oakland. -
BOXOLD — BLANCHARD —In Willow Oak
Park. March 2,' 1898, Tempel M., Boxold and
Carrie, Blanchard.'
BUTLER— GOLEY— In San Jose, March 2. 1898.
by the Rev. Alfred Kummer, D.D., Alburtus
Butler and Mrs. Anna H. Goley.
GORGOLL — BROCKOWSKY —In this city.
March I. ■ 1898.' by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
Max G. Gorgoll and Ida M. Brockowsky. :
ROVEY— von DEMANDOWSKY— In this city.
March 3, 1898, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Francis .J. Rovey and Margherlta yon De-
mamlowsky.
SEGUINOT— DUGARD— In Oakland. March 2,
IS9B. by ■ Justice Wood, Pierre Segulnot and
Eugenia Dugard. ,
DIED.
Ah Sing . . McCarthy, Patrick
Barker, Mrs. M. McDonald, Joseph
Ujerremark Christian McKenna, Bernard
Brady, Caroline A. McKenzie. Mary A.
Brag, Ellen - - Melvin, Bridget
Brickwedel Jr.. C. H. Miller,. Mary
Bulger, Mary O'Brien, Catherine
Clark, Irma V. ' O'Brien. Michael
Conn. Frederick J. O'Meara, Michael
Griffin, Lettie , Run*, Marie M.
Harris. Ada F. . Schneider, Jacob
Haynes, Richard Simpson, Harry
Hourlet. L. ' ' Smith, Jane C.
Jones.- Francis Vreeland. William
Jorres, Henry A. F. Walsh, Ann - -
Laulnger. George Walsh, . Charles J.
AH SING— In the City and . County Hospital,
. March 3. 18?S, Ah Sing, a native of China.
BARKER— In San Jose, ' March 2. IS9B. Mrs.
Margaret Barker, . a native of Ireland,' aged
| GO years. ■ ,
BJERREMARK— In this city, March 4, 1898.
Christian Bjerremark, a native of Schleswlg,
' Germany, aged 62 years 2 -months and 8
. day*. • . .
ETFriends and acquaintances and members
■ of Manzanita Tribe No. 4. Improved O. R. M..
and sister Tribes are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral - to-morrow (Sunday), - at
1 o'clock, from Red Men's • Hall," 320 Post
street. ■ Interment , Laurel Hill Cemetery.,
: Remains at parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.,
r 118 Geary tat. •■ ■.■■.■."-■■■■"'>•"■ ■"■ - '■-■.■■
BRADY— In this city, March 4, 1898, Mrs. Caro-
i line A. Brady, a native of Princeton, N. J.,
aged 88 years. . . . ... .;.>:- ■■. ,-.
(CTFuneral services at her. daughter's resi-
dence, :. 1511 Sacramento street, > to-morrow
(Sunday)," at 10 o'clock. Interment private. ' ;
BRAG— this city, March 3, 1898, , Ellen, : be-
. loved wife of the late Peter Brag, and mother
of Peter, Richard, ' Henry, Ellen and Johan-
r.ah Bra;, ;ft - native of - Ireland, • * aged 46
: years
BRICKWEDEL— In this city, March 8. 1898,
C. H. Jr., beloved son of Anna M. Brick-
wedel, and brother of M. H., George F. and
Annie E. Brlckwedel, a native of New York,
aged 45 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invtted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge No.
15, I. 0..0. F.
BULGER— Tn this city. March 4. 1898. Mary,
beloved daughter of Michael and Mary Bul-
ger, and sister of John. William. Annie and
the late Thomas Bulger, a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 27 years.
CLARK— In this city, March 3. ISBS, Irtna Viola
Clark, beloved daughter of Bertram and
Katie Clark, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year.
CONN— In Indio, Riverside County, Cal.,
March 2 189S, Frederick J.. beloved and only
son of Francis and the late Mary B. Conn,
and brother of Mamie A. and the late Frank
W. Conn, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
years and 5 months.
CTNotiee of funeral hereafter.
GRIFFIN— In this city, March 3, UM, Lettie
Grifrin, beloved aunt of Frank McCarrick
and Mrs. Nellie Hoffman, a native of Ire-
land, aged t>s years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. fil2 Birch avenue, near Buchanan
street, thenVe to Sacred Heart, corner Fell
and Fillmore streets, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HARRIS— In this city, March 3. IX9S. Ada Fair-
fax Harris, youngest daughter of Mrs. Eliza-
beth Harris, and sister of L>r. F. W. Harris
and Mrs. A. G. Anderson, a native of San
Francisco.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), from her late residence, 6.V> Capp
street. Interment private. Masonic Cemetery.
HAYNES— In this city, March 4. IS9S. Rich-
ard, beloved husband of Margaret Haynes.
father of Thomas J. Haynes. and stepfather
of Mrs. Nellie F. McKee (nee Bowse) and
Margaret Bowse, a native of the parish of
Hallyhide. County Cork, Ireland, aged 7(1
years.
C?" Not Ice of funeral hereafter.
HODRIKT— In Oakland. March 4. IS9R. L.
Hourlet, beloved husband of Mrs. H.iurlet.
a native if Mont Iramelan, Canton de
Berne. Switzerland, aged 69 years 3 months
and 8 days. (Terre Haute, Indianapolis and
lVs IColnea papers please coin.)
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple.
JONES—" In San Jose. March 2. ISfiS. Francis
Jones, a native of California, aged -j years.
JOIiRES— In this city, March 2. IS9B, Henry
A. F.. beloved husband of Kegina Jorres,
and father of Mrs. Dora 2^ska and Henry
Jorres .Jr.. a native of Germany, aged 71
year.-* I months and 2 days.
(^Friends and acquaintJ#ces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Craig <& Coehran Co.. 22-28 Mint
avenue, then.-c to I. O. O. F. Hall. Inter-
mer.t Cyprtta Lnwn Cemetery.
LAUINGER— In this city, March 4. IS9B.
C.e..rßp, beloved husband of Barbara Ijuiin-
ger. and father of Mamie. George R. Frank,
and Mena Lauinger and Mrs. Frank Schmitz,
a native of Germany, aged 6," years.
(r.J7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t<> attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1719 Mason street, between Green ami
Union, thence to St. Bonlfac* Church. Golden
Gate avenue, between Jones and Leaven-
worth, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery-
MCCARTHY— In this city, March 4, IWR, Pat-
rick McCarthy, a native of the parish of
Rossearbery, County Cork, Ireland, aged 68
years.
(r>- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
March 7. at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. J. Sullivan. 343 Jessie street, thence
to St Patrick's Church, where a requiem
htJth mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
CroM Cemetery.-
McDONALD— In this city, March 1. IMS, Jo-
seph McDonald, a native of Prince Edward
Island. B. N. A., aged r,r> years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKENNA— In the City and County Hospital.
March 4, 1S!>8, Bernard McKenna, a native
of Ireland, rged 29 years.
M KKNZIE-In this city. March 3. 189 S. Mary
A McKenzie, beloved mother of Mrs. E. \\ .
Sawtelle and A. W. McKenzie, a native of
England, aged 70 years.
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-IHDrTOW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3461 Nineteenth street. n»ar Valencia.
Irterment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric-car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
MELVIN— In Co.ma. March 3. 189 R. Bridget,
beloved wif>> of the late John Melvin. mother
of Patrick BSetVla and Mrs. Mary Bellando.
and sister of Catherine McSweeney, a native
of parish Bally MrWard, County Galway.
Ireland. a*ed fi." years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
: Saturday), at 9:3(> o'clock, from her late
residence. Colma. thence to St. Ann's Church.
Colma, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
o.mmencinsr at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city, March 3. IS9S. Mary.
beloved daughter of the late Annie and Wil-
liam Miller, a native of San Francisco, aged
36 years.
|C7"Frienris and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from the residence of her
r-ist^r. Mr«. E. J. Lucas. 14 White street, off
Vallejo, between Hyde and Larkin, thence to
St. BrlKid's Church, for services, commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In the City and County Hosplta'
March 4, ISPS. Catherine O'Brien, a native of.
Ireland, aged 50 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city, March 3, IS9S. Michael
O'Brien, dearly beloved brother of Daniel.
James C, Patrick and Katie O'Brien. Mrs.
James Murphy, Mrs. John Durkin, Mrs. P.
McGowen and Mrs. A. W. McGuire. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 29 years 4 months and
16 days.
[pTFriends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invitei to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at '.•:■*.'. o'clock, from his late resi-
dence ISC3 Fifteenth avenue south, thence to
All Hallows Church. N street south, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues south. South
San Francisco, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hla
foul. commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'ME VRA— In this city, March 2. IS9S. Michael,
beloved husband of the late Margaret O'Mea-
ra and father of Mrs. J. 11. McCarthy. Mrs.
E J Smith, J. O'Menra and the late Edw.
d'Meara. a native of County Clare, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2716 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high masi
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
RIFF— In this city. March 3, ISOS. Marie Mag-
deline, dearly beloved daughter of Rudolph
Ruff stepdaughter of Amelia Ruff, and sis-
ter of George, William. Annie and Rudolph
Ruff, a native of Stamford, Conn., aged 29
years 10 months and S days.
" [TT-Frlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente. Marinl & Co.. 16M Stockton street,
thence to St. Francis Church. wheYe a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCHNEIDER-ln Vallejo. March 2. 189R, Jacob
Schneider, n native of Germany, aged <o
years.
SIMPSON— In this city. March 4, MW. Harry,
beloved husband of Mary Simpson, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years.
SMITH— In Oakland, March 4, 183S, at the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. C. Q. Sim-
onds, Jane C, relict of the late Captain C.
H Smith, and beloved mother of Mrs. H. W.
Scheld Mrs. C. G. Slnifinds Mrs. W. H.
WessllnK. Mrs. H. Vanier, Mrs. A. Geautit
and James L. and Charles H. Smith, aged
69 years 11 months nnd IS days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son. Mr. Charles H. Smith, 11M Broad-
way, between Jones and Leavenworth. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
VREELAND-In this city. March 3. .S<>S, Wil-
liam H. Vreeland, a native of New York,
aged 70 years.
WALSH— In this city. March 3. 1898. at her
residence, 2tUK McAllister street, Ann. be-
loved wife of Patrick J. Walsh, and mother
of Edward. William. Kate and John Walsh,
a native of San Francises, aged 35 years 2
months and 3 days.
CE?" Friends and actual ruanccs are respect-
fully invite! to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from h-.-r late resi-
dence. 2«18 McAllister street, thence to Star
of the Sea Chnr-h, Tenth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street, for
services, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city. March 4. 1898. Charles
J dearly beloved son of Mary Ann E. and
the late Walter Walsh,, a native of San
Francisco, aged 41 years.
[ETThe funeral wil! take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at !»:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, !*l3 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church. FUlmore and Fell streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repc-se of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock, interment Mount Calvary cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, V
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMHALMERS I
20 FIFTH BT., Opp. Lincoln 8«hool.
Telephone, South HO. 1
Kstab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady aseistant*. Spacious chapel for th« u>«
of oui patron*. Rubber tires on our am'oulancaw
1314
HER INNOCENT
LIFE BLIGHTED
"General" Spurgeon Arrested on
Complaint of Unfortunate
Alice Loy.
Charged With a Horrid Crime by the Child Who
Was Spirited Away to
Sacramento.
George Ppurgeon Duggan. who styles
himself General Spurgeon. commander
of Jesus Christ Army on Howard street,
between Fourth and Fifth, was arrest
ed by Officer Frank Kane of the local
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children and Officer Healy of the
Sacramento nooiety at a late hour last
night on the statement of little Alice
Loy, who was supposed to have been
abducted from God's Regular Army
headquarters, at 513 Howard street, last
Wednesday by a man named Weiss and
taken to Sacramento, where she is now
being cared f</r in the Sisters' Shelter.
If the child's statement is true, and
all the circumstances seem to bear it
out. Spurgeon !s a monster who would
be leniently tre*ed if hanged. It also
MRS. CLARK, the Leader of God's Regular Army, Who Knows
More Than She Cares to Tell Regarding Alic: Loy.
shows a state of affairs existing among
the leaders of these organizations that
is disgusting.
As published in The Call yesterday.
Alice was abandoned by Weiss in Sac
ramento and delivered to Officer Healy
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, who has under
taken to see that her tormentors are
punished in part at least.
Officer Healy came down from Sac
ramento last night to arrest Spurgeon,
and he flatly contradicted many state
ments made by Mrs. Clark, which fal
low.
A medical examination of the child
disclosed a most horrible condition, but
it was not until yesterday that she
would give the details of the brutal
treatment she had endured.
According to Healy, Mrs. Clark went
to the police station Wednesday night
to make inquiries about Alice, and it
was there that he found her. She was
alone and said when questioned that
Weiss had gone into the country. Mrs.
Clark told the officer that Weiss had
taken th«> girl to Sacramento in order
that she might be properly treated by
the woman, who had some medicine
with her.
The officer asked if it was not singu
lar that she should take the medicine
with her and leave the child behind,
but Mrs. Clark vouchsafed no reply.
She ad«nltted that she was fully
aware of the child's condition, and on
being pressed as to who the guilty
party was she said it was General Spur
geon, at whose home she had stopped
with Alice upon their arrival from Port
land Just before the holidays. Mrs.
Clark admitted that they moved from
the general's home because of his
general misconduct and intemperance,
and then when Officer Healy asked her
why she had not had him arrested
when she learned of the child's con
dition and the name of her assailant,
she replied that she thought Alice
might be mistaken.
Mrs. Clark's statements were so con
tradictory that Healy refused to deliver
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skins on fire -with torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
with Cuticura Soap, a single application of E
Cuticcra (ointment), the great skin care,
and a fall dose of Cuticura Rksolvksi.
I* aold throagboot the world. - Form I), k C. Comr.. Sol*
Props., Boston. - ■• How to Cure Torturing Humors," free.
DIBV'C Clf 1 11 ScaJp and Heir PorWei and Beau-
Bill* I V fJIUn USti bjr Cuncwu Boat,
Alice to her or even let her see the lit
tle sufferer.
Yesterday the girl, realizing that she
was among friends at last, told her
story in detail, which is too disgusting
to be more than barely alluded to. She
charged Spurgeon with the awful crime
and Officer Healy Immediately resolved
to place him under arrest.
Mrs. Clark, who claims to be the
leader of God's Regular Army in this
State, returned from Sacramento yes
terday morning, and when first seen
at the army's "home" at 513 Howard
street was in a defiant mood. But as
numerous pertinent questions were
plied to her she became less defiant,
and, although she refused to answer
many of the questions, she managed
to tangle herself up on several points.
Mrs. Clark's whole manner plainly
indicated that she was striving to con
ceal something and once she bluntly
stated that she knew Just what she
wanted published and charged the re
porter not to print anything but her
version of the affair.
It is a dismal place where the mem
bers of the "army" live; a typical
tenement, extending with its additions
far back from the street, with a filthy
little court to furnish the only daylight.
All the officers and presumably the
private "soldiers" eat and sleep here.
While the reporter was struggling
with indifferent success to get a
straightforward statement from the
woman, "Captain" George Engleberg,
who is second in command, and seve
ral other officers, joined in, but were
not permitted by their chief to say
anything but' what she wanted to be
made public. Her authority was su
preme and the others meekly bowed to
her will.
Once, when Mrs. Clark declared that
she would only tell what she wanted
published. Captain Engleberg mildly
remonstrated.
"Do not keep anything back, sister,"
he urged, "but, like a Christian woman,
have this whole matter sifted to the
bottom."
"I know what to tell," she retorted,
"and I will only make public what I
see fit."
Regarding the abduction, Mrs. Clark
, at first said that Weiss had no author
i ity to remove the girl, but suddenly
i checked herself, as though fearing to
j get him into trouble, and went on to
! say that she had gone to Sacramento
Monday night, leaving Alice at the
j honie. The child was suffering from
! some ailment, the nature of which she
would not dissolve, and that Weiss,
who went to Sacramento a day or two
later in search of work, took Alice
| along, believing she would receive bet
! ter care with Mrs. Clark than she did
j at the home.
"Did Weiss know where you were
i staying in Sacramento?"
"No."
: "Then how- did he expect to find you
and give the girl into. your care?'
This was one of the many, questions
Mrs. Clark refused to answer.
"If the girl was not abducted, was
her removal reported to the police as
such by an officer of the Army?"
Captain Engleberg broke in here, ap
parently anxious to placate Mrs. Clark.
"I reported the case," he said. "I
did not understand the matter and I
thought Weiss had kidnaped Alice "
Mrs. Clark said she had known Weiss
about two months. He ; had attended
the meetings occasionaly, but was' not
a member of the Army. She denied
that she had more than a passing ac
quaintance with Weiss. When her at
tention was called to the fact that if
such were true he would hardly take
enough, Interest in her charge's welfare
to take, her to ; Sacramento, Mrs Clark
again sought refuge in silence.
Then she was questioned again re
garding the girl, and proceeded to tra
duce her vehemently, being assisted by
Captain Engleberg to the best of his
rS at -& r V? athlef '" Verted Mrs.
Clark. Not long ago she stole $3 50
from under my pillow, and when I
charged her with taking it she at
tempted to. throw it away."
.. "That's true." chimed in Engleberg
and after Mrs. Clark went ' to Sacrf '-
mento I had $2 with which I intended
to get some medicine for her. She took
tWs money, too; at least, I think she
"How do you know she took It?"
"It was in a certain place when I
went out, and when I returned it was
gone."
''Could not .Weiss have taken it 2"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 5, IS9B.
Engleberg did not know but he cduld.
It was taken the day Alice and WelSB
went to Sacramento and the captain
thought It was used to pay her fare
there.
Mrs. Clark rallied to Weiss' defense
and warned Engleberg not to make
any rash accusations, saying It was a
serious thing to charge anybody with
theft without being at)le to prove it.
All through the interview she mani
fested the greatest solicitude for Weiss
and endeavored to shield him in every
possible way.
"If Alice was such a bad child, why
did you keep her with you?" Mrs.
Clark was asked.
"I often thought of sending her
back to Portland. I couldn't do any
thing with her. She says here In The
Call that she had to wait on me and the
other grown people. Why, that child
required my almost constant care.
What could a girl of her age do?"
Mrs. Clark proceeded to recount the
little girl's misdeeds before she brought
her from Portland, and said that two
families with whom she had found a
home were compelled to send her back
to the public Institution from which
she had been taken.
At this Juncture a bright little fel
low of about 11 years came up and En
gleberg announced that he was Alice's
brother. ''I found him one day when
I was cutting wood near Portland."
he said, "and learning that he had no
home I took him and am trying to
bring him up properly."
Calling the lad to him, Engleberg
said: "Tell the gentleman jusi how
you are treated here. Don't you get
three good meals a day?"
"Yes," replied the boy, meekly.
"Don't I always treat you woll; do I
ever whip you unless you deserve it?"
"No," came the reluctant answer.
"I admit," continued the Christian
soldier, turning to the reporter, "that
I whip the boy at times and once I
whipped him very hard, but it was only
when he deserved it."
The little fellow was so carefully
watched that no opportunity presented
itself to question him alone. Had he
been able to tell his story free from
the warning glances of Engleberg and
Mrs. Clark it is probable he could re
veal some unpleasant secrets of the
"home."
Mrs. Clark was next asked to explain
her meeting with Weiss in Sacramento.
She said she met him on the street
about 4 o'clock last evening, and he
told her that h,e had Alice with him.
Weiss said he had left the child with a
woman while he searched for Mrs.
Clark. Together they went to the
house, but found that Alice had been
taken in charge by the Sacramento
authorities.
They hunted up Officer Healy, who
had taken Alice away, but for some
reason, which Mrs. Clark would not
explain, he refused to let her have the
child, and the couple departed. Mrs.
Clark refused point blank to repeat any
of the conversation that took place be
tween her and the officer, but ad
mitted that she did not see Alice.
"When her attention was called to
the statement that Officer Healy was
looking for Weiss for the purpose of
placing him under arrest for his horri
ble treatment of Alice, and that if
Weiss had shown himself he would un
doubtedly have been placed under ar
rest, Mrs. Clark made no attempt to
explain, but reiterated that Weiss had
gone with her.
"Where is Weiss now?"
"I jlon't know, unless he Is in Sacra
mento."
"Is he likely to return to San Fran
cisco?"
"I can't say. He went there look
ing for work."
The reporter continued his investiga
tion in another direction, and learned
that it was the common practice to
send the little boy out at 4 or 5 o'clock
In the morning, and again at night, to
make a tour of the bakeries and res
taurants begging for stale bread.
In these expeditions his sister was
often compelled to accompany him.
Stories were told of the extremely
friendly relations existing between
Weiss and Mrs. Clark, but the most
revolting accusation made was that
Alice was afflicted with a most loath
some disease, which was known to
Mrs. Clark and the others.
A second interview was had with
Mrs. Clark, during which she became
more tangled up than at first, and
several times she flatly contradicted
statements she had made previously.
She was first taken over the ground
covering her trip to Sacramento and
her meeting with Weiss there. She re
peated the statement that they had
gone together to the house where
Weiss had left the girl, but could not
tell what the woman had said, and
finally admitted that she did not see
her, but that Weiss had gone there
alone. Regarding her visit to Officer
Healy, Mrs. Clark was in sore distress
when called upon to explain why she
did not see Alice. She located the offi
cer's office in a stable, and added that
he might have had another office where
Alice was kept.
Mrs. Clark was positive she would
be given possession of the girl in a few
days, but again refused to relate her
conversation with the officer.
She was next questioned about the
nature of Alice's ailment and what she
had done for her. She said first that
she had taken her to a doctor whose
name she could not remember, nor
could she give his address.
Being pressed for a definite answer,
Mrs. Clark changed her story, and said
that Alice had been taken to a free
clinic, the exact location she did not
know, although she knew about where
it was. She could not tell the street
it was= on, thr.ugh, and would give no
definite location.
She refused positively to state the
nature of the child's ailment, and when
asked if the little one had been sub
jected to the most fiendish maltreat
ment, Mrs. Clark would neither deny
nor admit it, but said there was a
proper time and place to make a state
ment, and until that time arrived she
would keep her lips sealed.
Before the close of the interview,
however, she begged that nothing be
said of the affair, as it would injure
the army.
SWINDLED A WOMAN.
Mrs. Risto Imposed Upon by a Well
Dressed Stranger.
A well dressed man entered a grocery
store on the Mission road last evening
and called for a bottle of whisky. After
receiving the llauor he tendered Mrs.
Risto, who conducts the place, a $5 Con
federate bill. Convinced that it was gen
uine, the unsuspecting woman gave him
i 4 in change. The stranger then left the
store.
It was not until some time afterward
that Mrs. Risto discovered that she had
been imposed upon. She at once visited
police headquarters and reported the mat
ter to Chief Lees. From the description
given of the man the police are satisfied
that he is the same individual who has
succeeded in passing several Confederate
bills on storekeepers south of Market.
NO TRANSFER, NO SALE.
A Personal Property Ruling by the
State Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court yesterday made an
important ruling upon the matter of sell
ing and transferring personal property.
The case was that of R. J. Davis, as
signee for the insolvent firm of the Evil
& Grant Farm Implement Company
against the Winona Wagon Company
The latter sold to the Bull & Grunt peo
ple a lot of vehicles, on ;ime, and ihe
debv stood on the books for a much
longer period than was desired by either
party. The purchasers, not seeing their
way clear to make good the amount, the
wagon company agreed to take back the
wagons, and thus the debt would be li
quidated. This was done and the title
passed to the wagon company, but the
property remained in the hands of the
Bull & Grant folks, who became the
agents for the wagon company. Several
remittances were made on the goods.
When the Bull & Grant Company went
into insolvency, it transferred all of the
wagons and other stock, held by It as
the agents for the wagon company, to
that concern. This amounted to $14,000
and upon Mr. Davis taking charge of the
defunct firm's affairs he sued the wagon
company for the vehicles, or their value.
The latter showed that title had passed
and won the case in the lower court <<f
this city. Davis was not satisfied and
appealed the case to the Supreme Court.
That tribunal reversed the decision of
the lower court holding that "as to the
creditors of the Bull & Grant Farm Im
plement Company the sale by It to de
fendant was void for there was no im
mediate delivery and change of posses
sion. Neither can there be any question
as to the right of the assignee of the in
solvent debtor, representing the credi
tors, to bring an action of the character
here disclosed."
STBUCK WITH A CANE.
Joseph Kahn Assaulted by Two
Strangers in His Grocery
Store.
Joseph Rahn, who conducts a grocery
store at Minna and Julia streets, was the
victim of a cowardly assault yesterday
afternoon. He was waiting on a custom
er when two well-dressed men entered the
store and called for beer. As he was
stooping down drawing the foamy bever
age, one of the men struck him on the
head with a cane, fracturing his skull.
They then ran from the store, leaving the
cane behind them. The man who struck
the blow is named Barnstein. Some time
ago he had trouble with Rahn and was
worsted. The police believe that In order
to "get even" he visited the store and as- j
saulted his unsuspecting victim. Ram- I
stein up to a late hour last night had not
been arrested.
APPALLING EFFECT
OF INTEMPERANCE
Lecture by Dr. Gardiner of
the State Asylum for
the Insane.
Alarming Increase of Insanity Ib
Found in Nearly All Parts
of t he World.
An Interesting and instructive lecture
was delivered at Cooper Medical College
last night by Dr. Cardiner, superintend
ent of the State Asylum for the Insane
at Napa. There was a large attendance
and the subject was ably handled by the
lecturer.
He said Intemperance, or rather over
indulgence, is responsible for at least 12
per cent of all insanity cases in the United
States, and that the diseuse is on tht; in
crease to an alarming extent all over
the civilized world, the percentage of in
crease of insanity cases in the United
States being greater than the percentage
of increase of the general population,
which was about 25 per cent from 1880 to
1890, while the percentage of increased
insanity cases was 145 per cent during
the same period. He charged the over
indulgence in alcoholic liquors as being
responsible for this appalling condition.
In closing he said: "What must be the
environment of the drunkard's child? No
language can express it; brought into the
world damned with a morbid inheritance
and cursed with a vicious and demoraliz
ing environment. Such children would
constitute objects of commiseration wher
ever they may be found. Every child
has a right to demand a happy home at
the hands of its parents, but these lit
tle waifs, the offspring of intemperate
parents, cast adrift upon the sea of hu
man existence, have their young lives
filled with wretchedness, and their on
ward march through life, all too fre
quently leads thorn to whore the shadows
of a lost Intelligence falls upon them.
A KLONDIKE MINER
LOSES HIS GOLD
The Nimble Fingered Gentry
Succeeded in Relieving
Him of $173.
G. P. Smith Was Ready to Take His
Departure for Alaska This
Week.
G. P. Smith of Stockton, bound for the
Klondike, arrived in the city yesterday
morning with an abundance of gold upon
his person and comparatively little expe
rience. He tried conclusions with some of
the light fingered gentry last night and
now he has the experience but not the
gold.
Smith is an elderly man, who has man
aged by running a livery stable near
Stockton to amass a few hundreds, and
with these in his pocket he left his home
for the frozen gold fields of the north.
When he arrived here yesterday he pur
chased his ticket at the cost of about $60
and an outfit that cost him $90 more. He
had remaining $175. mostly In gold, and
this he carried In his pocket in a buckskin
bag.
Last night he attended the mining Fair
in company with a friend, J. W. Davis, j
In some way Smith was almost knocked
off his feet by the pressure of those be- I
hind him, and as he recovered his balance
he felt a hand drawn from his pocket and
turned in time to see a small fellow mak
ing his way rapidly through the crowd.
Davis saw tin- same fellow. Smith felt
for his bag and It was gone. The theft
was at once reported to Superintendent
Gilmnre. who sent for Detectives Egan
and Davis. The money was about all that
Smith hud left and its loss means a seri
ous thing to him. He was so broken up
over It that he could hardly speak. He
declares that he had made no show of his
money and that no one knew that he had
it upon his person
THE NEW PRIMAEY LAW.
Max Popper Says It Will Prove
Beneficial If Declared
Constitutional.
Max Popper delivered an interesting ad
dress before the Iroquois Club last night
on the Stratton primary law, the consti
tutionality of which will shortly be passed
upon by the State Supreme Court. He
said that it would prove a misfortune to
be regretted by all who are in favor of
clean primary elections, if the court de
cided that the law was not constitutional.
"The Stratton law," said he. "will, if put
in force and effort, kill off the political
bosses and give every citizen an opportun
ity of voting at primaries and an assur
ance that his vote will be honestly count
ed. If it is decided by the Supremo Court
that the alleged flaws In the law are
not there, our primary elections will be
as carefully guarded as our general elec
tions. The penalties following each and
every infraction are so Bevere, that those
who in the past have stuffed the ballot
boxes at the instance of the bosses, will
refuse to longer do crooked work."
After the address there was a practical
illustration of the proposed new system
of primary election given.
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, suc
cessor to Morris A Kennedy, art dealers. 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
his large stock irrespective of cost. •
CONVICTS "FIGHT.
One Seriously Wounded in a Quarrel
Over a Boy.
An exciting combat took plfrce yester
day among the convicts at San Quentin,
wherein five men were severely cut— one,
it may be, fatally.
It seems that the men got into a con
troversy regarding a young fellow known
among the prisoners as "Clara Belle,"
owing to his refined and almost girlish
appearance. "Clara" had his champions,
and anyone who opposed them was
doomed to destruction. The result was a
mix-up in which knives were used, for all
five men engaged in the fracas were bad
ly cut. The Injuries of one, it Is feared,
may result fatally.
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup for
hoarseness, price 10c. 417 Sansome st. *
ALL SANG "GOD
SAVE IRELAND"
Celebration of the Birth
day of Emmet, the
Irish Patriot.
Denunciation of the Proposed
Arbitration Treaty With
England.
Words of Hope and Courage for the
Future Freedom of the Little
Green Isle.
The green and gold of old Ireland, its
harps and its stars, its legends and its
romance, its loving sons and daugh
ters, and the enthusiasm they bring
with them wherever they go — all were
Prominent Figures at Metropolitan Hall Last Evening and Some of the Decorations*
crowded into one small hall last even
ing, to do honor to the memory of
Robert Emmet.
The occasion was the one hundred
and twentieth anniversary of the birth
of the great Irish patriot; the theme
was a protest against any treaty of
arbitration between this country and
England.
The Knights of the Red Branch had
the exercises in charge, and the uni
formed company of that order escort
ed the officers of the evening to the
platform. High over the seat of the
chairman was draped an immense
American flag, its brilliant folds just
sweeping over a harp of fire that
blazed before the large picture of Em
met. Gleaming in white letters across
the platform was the prayer of every
true son of Erin— "God Save Ireland,"
and under it was the nation's promise
to their martyred hero, "His epitaph
shall be written."
Around the gallery rail the green
and gold hung in tasteful profusion,
and everywhere the golden stars and
the harp and the .shamrock lent their
aid to the silent but beautiful tribute
to the downtrodden isle.
James H. Barry was chairman of the
evening and he introduced those who
took part in the programme. The ex
ercises opened with an organ prelude
of national airs by Miss Marie Giorgi
ani and then the chairman rose for a
few introductory remarks. Though not
an Irishman, he said, he was a friend
of Ireland, and he was proud to preside
over a meeting for such a P ur P° se ,.^
on such an occasion. J. V- Grodjens
was then introduced, and he sang some
of the old songs that Irishmen delight
to hear. The glee club erf Company A.
League of the Cross Cadets, sang some
of Moore's most typical I rish melodies
and then Miss Kathenne Black gave
"The Meeting of the Waters.
The speaker of the evening Hon.
Frank McGowan. was then introduced.
His subject was the life of Emmet,
his struggles for Irish his tri
als his sentence and his death. He
spoke, too. of his personal character, of
his indomitable courage and his intense
patriotism.
Had he lived, he said, fame and hon
or undying would have been his. His
failure and his death disposed of only
the individual— the principles for which
he fought and died will remain un
changed forever, and there will be oth
ers who inspired by his glorious exam
ple, will take up the banner Emmet
bore, and liberty will be once more en
throned on the Emerald Isle.
"He was a man of the people." said
MoOowan. "His dream was not the es
tablishing of a kingly power— he fought
for the principles which created Amer
ica and France. His was not a fight
against a people— it was against a cruel
and diabolical oppression." McGowan
then referred to arbitration, and de
clared that any treaty with England
establishing that as a method of set
tling differences would be little better
than a crime, and he cited the career
of Emmet as one to recommend itself
to a nation whose honor was at stake.
"She is Far From the Land," another
of Moore's melodies, was then ably
sung by Miss Daisy V. Keane, nor
would the audience let her go until she
had sung another of the poet's songs.
Interrupting the applause which fol
lowed Miss Keane's music, Mr. Barry,
the chairman, introduced Mr. Barry,
the colonel, and Colonel Barry read
some* resolutions against arbitration.
They were the same that had been sub
mitted to the convention of Hibernian
societies which met last Sunday to ar
range for the celebration of St. Pat
rick's day. They declared most unmis
takably against any form of arbitra
tion* and the unanimous roar o£ na~
proval which arose when a vote was
called showed they were none too
strong for the people assembled.
Leo Cooper was then introduced to
read the impassioned address of Em
met Just before he was sentenced to be
hanged. It is a speech every true
Irishman knows almost by heart, and
the words of the patriot, spoken almost
at the edge of the grave, roused the
audience almost as it did when the
martyr's words rang through the court
room. His touching appeal that no
man should write his epitaph until Ire
land was free explained the significant
phrase lined in white across the plat
form, "His epitaph shall be written."
Mr. Barry rose to make a few an
nouncements, but the enthusiasm en
gendered by the patriot's words, so
well reproduced, led him on to make
what he termed "almost a speech." It
was a denunciation of arbitration, and
when he had finished and the audience
had applauded he meekly apologized
for his departure from the programme,
whereat the audience applauded the
more.
Miss Black then sang "The Star
spangled Banner," and the audience
rose and joined in the song, "God Save
Ireland," until the ceiling Fhook with j
the tuneful prayer for the little green i
isle.
BY FALSE PRETENSES.
S. Stensel, a Dry Goods Merchant,
Arrested on a Felony Charge.
S. Stensel, dry-goods merchant, who
failed a few days ago, was arrested yes
terday afternoon on a warrant charging
him with a felony in obtaining goods by
false pretenses. He was released on $2000
bonds.
The complaining witness is H. Whipple
of Murphy. Urant & Co. It is alleged
that on August 2 last Stensel represented
to the firm of Murphy, Grant & Co. that
he had $14,000 worth of merchandise on
hand and that his liabilities did not ex
ceed $3050 70. He had a surplus of
$11,696 30 and had no borrowed money to
account for. On these representations he
obtained goods of the value of $405 50. It
ADVERTISEMENTS. .. ■ ' _____
jilt pLOTHiwG jj/ii FSMIIN WANTED.
i&2r2SZZr™VSEri£Z& We want men in every county i n ,;■•
V*(ml / aiioar actif. aM#a* ITKrAi JIA3I larnioro. , * * imitff
JHJ*'t Btalrt. If your reference Is satisfactory WK WILLBTAIII TUU AT JIM'S. ha experirar. aa-
Vi£SSSJ\Y I e»»«»rj. Ko capital required. We furniaii a full line of samples, stationery, etc. A tailor!
>*rNX»_J*-' for-the-trade complete outfit for business. So C.Batlaai*nPlam.y.acan r.galat.yoar pr»f-
." '■■■.- /gaTk/^l^ay it. to »altyo«raelf.ioHoaa. to Hoiiil'mthi. This la not one of the many catchy advertire-
yrffflwATiyf*' niei'W for agents, but one of tie «ry faw ad»ertl»faienU offering a rare opportunity Isirccra
/^^^Wrl^\ ilr "«Jnia rr | I bi r *n > *«•" We are the Largest Tailors-for-the-Trade in America,
*£' ■ <^'\i\K H^tl We make to measure OTer 3UO,UDO huiu uiuaually. V c occupy entire one of the largess
¥fffl////flW' lff\\ Win •■/?» buslneesblockaln Chicago. VV c refer you to The Bank of ( ommere..la Chicago, any Exprtii
,■■,';, \ \A"V- "V '71 IT orßallroadCo. JnChlt«go,any realdentof Chlea^o. Before engaging with us, write to any
\//////MM, llmVimllwilllJuk friend in Chicago and a«k them to come and see us, then write you if it is a KareOpp.r-
WM//////1 #4iKW|i4« vßtu«ltyl.S«eoreKt«ad^,HlgliCla..,Blgraylac£mplov Btu«ltyl.S«eoreKt«ad^,HlgliCIa..,BIgraylac£mploy ii 1 t. BETTER STILL- to
X/i/i/l/lil/ii -M\ ►* iiA iT®> /I Chicago yourself and see us before enirasina: and be satisfied {'very
\hW/M///'W/X%WlS''\X l jSl^ /J^~~~~S. -'rd wo nay is true and yon can get «leai!y work sad big pay. 1 K.V'Ql'lUJt
W////l^r/>^~T~^'!^r\-~ :! t^ r \UF Ol'B BALESHRS in your territory how our work pays. We refer to
\'lWlf£lW//W//W/A\ ■ "Tv 4: vJ*^^ our many aalesmeothroughout the TTnlon.TilEl ALL Talk aliki.
yUji % flljw/i'/A '■'■'''< ' \, ,/jgO^ Any one of Chem will tell you how profitable, how pleasant, how
R Wiw/MMM^B'S^Sm^' r^_ _, easy the work is. Wort in yo«r
BlJi^Wj^feraSpjy __ _ j. ;..;. -.;■, /(\ ~^§\ •«» «om»ty SUO days in the year,
y '' ~~; '/'; .! '; t _^y-ji*K^^^gtTnnrs-V y^T_\ -"\ 11^* 8 " **■'' "ake. le«» tkaa $5
Xissoffiffi iM/ V/A Wsv§^^^[»Js*^s\k \\S •J**W&'J^-^ B>ade-lo.oMer r aaU°»ea l i.
yWvM' \j^ '■}' J^~^-' : ''^^t^^^^^^C^^S^jf^^^fSff^ (Men's Suits, Pants and
'* ymmMli if*^W S^ycS> V/r'^* Ik-^ , ~^3/?W2/v! ' Maker* in America
I I W//M r-^-AaJ-^S^J^ g^ fl "P t Clolhl.r. We buy car
I " II Wfl/M ji ■ ■fr)Bff 1 " .J»l^Tt "'"■* ji "*^ — . ■ -■.__!■! " '£rT^ /yjK p cloth direct from thft
! - >^3/ VV %» I "eiairthen^tejtS
Ik - Mswmi'jWh ■if ' \V' ' M%%%&k~~—-~ S^-W W- .^. I a^reand economic Cua-
J -^^ Wm/////M iLtS^mi^^^W^^^C'^^^ -^ t l ° m T *c| ltnu3PredVcinlXl tnu3 P redVcin 1X
sB *3«U»ai|§J9k. '^^m^^^^^^T^Cx Vrrr *. W-f -r-^^gjCß J thst "nearly eier"" '»
lt^^g>Sgg«*tfA \ I S ;«ur eouDtr -ill ». f lad
" \ \ . * tohamlb.Jr«l.tk*B"»*»
The above photoirraph was sent omollelt-V V \ \ V"" r, "V" "" '" lr **J~ F ..,•• r-iinaJlCS Vflll
.4 by one of our salesmen, Mr. C.M.Talbott. V/ — .-^^ f We TUHHIOI '"»
of \ reka, Ca.l. .It shows him at work tak- "■ i i , J mTTe'naud.cirt and «x-
lnc orders for our custom made tailoring. ' «.«»». » ntnaiTD data bmnd book
{Mr.Talbott'BsaleahaTernnoTerSl.aoopermonth-.hisearnln^soTerSaOO*" olllll ;^ ionisluln* U"B« elolfc
} Hundreds more are stas welL We merely show this picture and etateraent ? _p u ,o f .i, entire lisa
>of his business a. he cb»ncedto send a.« this picture. YOU CAN DO THE. "su| i in*.,Pa.l., «te., »
SSAMETHINC AT ONCE. OUR MEN HAVE NO COMPETITION. J bo 0" w *h e h co.t. v.
BOTeraJ dollars to tret up, also Fa.hion Hate, Infraction Book, '1 ap. Jleainre, Ba.!»aa tards, StaUonery (( * d .!!* I ''"f e ;*J.
».r. mm aaoi. on rubber ataaip, etc We also furnish you a Sa»«man'a Sev Co.Bdentlal Price Liat. The prt«s ar« .eft
blank under each description so you can nil in your own aellinar prices, arranging your pront to i * ou " e 'f;
As soon aa you harereceiyed your big aa.pl. book and general outfit and have read our book of taatTOeaoMcare-
fully and marked in your selling price you are ready for business and can bepin taking orders l™™* e i [* < '™}?
you? town. At your low prices business men, farmeri laborers, and in fac t every one wl " « rd " d l .Ti^/J 1 " "rf,,5;" r f,,5;
You can takaßeveral orders ever> dayat«»to 85 pr«nto n eaehorder.rore«er.»..*wlll be •"'«"'•
Yn-1 No Money JustWethe orders andnend them to us.wewilmake theKaniienin wiu^^.ajsana
toj require wo money. Mnd dlrectto , ourcustonierB by express c. o. i>., aubjeet «° "*" ■ f r »*w-o Ur rrofit.
your HOlliiiKprice. and collect your full eefllii* price.and erery week- wo will send y.-u a CkW -ror a l)our pr .at,
being the difference between our net oonHdential price to you and the prne > ..ii s •''<-"• J o ,, nt„, uc „,,„„ »/ d
delUerno goods, simply go on taking .rden, adding a lfberal pront, and we dell'er good*,^""L*" cat a check
weekpromptly lend yo. la on. roundeheek Tonrfnll profit forth, w».k. Nearly all our good men fet a CHeclt
from us of at leaat»4O. OO every week In the yoar. - >, nn v«ni«)iniiii'te outfl;. bat aa each :
THEOUTFITISTREE. *'.!&?£l2Sfls^tt^^^~ l :^
many who would Impose on ns by sending for the outfit with no !»•«»«•» f^SS $5* tTflflout the Wan?
lines below, tfivinsc the names of two parties as reference.and furtlier agreeing to pay «. aw i blt ™ 'P' »
charges for the out ft t when rec.lved. if found as repented irealljv a sure way of maki.^bl^ wages The
tl.oo you agree to pay when outfit is receiTed does not begin to pay the c. to , ,""" uke ,h e fIV-t dmr yon work.
lness We will refund yonr •1 aa .oon a. yoqr order, hate a.o« B t«d lo J2S, wh,,h •«»»»• »«;»; B l^ ( b. ," r fc , 0 7 0 5'", ",„,
ornu ..t t.. f.n.w,ng ""-sis^j-g-^saa^-iS^ fig I ,'K^,chic^oill.
GENTLEMEN' Please send me by express. C. 0. D., subject to examination, your Big Cloth Sample
Book and Complete Salesman's Outfit.' I agree to examine it at the express office and if found exactly as
raDrmented l and I feel I can 'make good big wages taking orders for you, i agree to pay the ex jress agent, as
"guarantee of flood faith, and to show I meanbusiness, ONE DOLLAR and express cnarQes.Jlth the under-
"tanding the One Dollar is to be refunded to me as soon as my sales have amounted to $25.00. If not
/bund as represented lam not perfectly satisfied I shall not take the outfit or pay one cjnt .
>. " ' . Bijjn your namo oa above lino. ' m t
"ifami'of PoftofflceV County and State on above line.
Yon'r'aM ' ..... Rationality dn"ai:~»*e twoHnta pl-re as reference the names of two
. -•»••• • men o-»er2lyear«of age wlio you oneyear or
Karrted0r51n51e:....^..^...:........................- longer - / •
:~^?"AMERfcAN^ WILLS CO., Enterprise BoHding. CHICAGO, ILL.
R» *V iMatoni lUilnlt tk.ronrWy rcllaUo, tkl* afer l» kaamade koaorakU aad liberal aad • |na* opaertullj Cw
ha«< «since been ascertained that at the
time J" obtained the goods he had only
SSOOO worth of goods on hand, that he had
no safe surplus and was indebted for bor
rowed money.
HAWAIIAN DELEGATES
RETURNING HOME.
They Arrived Late Last Night, Tired
but Happy Over Their
Success.
James K. Kaulia. William Auld and
D. Kalauokalani. the three returning
delegates who have been in Washing
ton working successfully against Ha
waiian annexation, arrived in the city
late last night on the delayed over
land, and went to the California.
They expressed their satisfaction at
the success that has attended their
mission, which has demonstrated to a
certainty, they said, that the annexa
tion of the islands will never be an ac
complished fact.
"Annexation will never take place,"
said Mr. Kaulia. "It has been impos
sible for those favoring that side of the
controversy to obtain anything like a
majority even under the most favor
able circumstances, and we feel that
we can go back to our home with the
knowledge that our trip has not been
in vain. Mr. Richardson has remained
behind in Washington to look out for
the interests of his party and I cannot
say when he will return.
"Yes, the Queen, when we left her,
was in excellent health and spirits, and
will, I think, remain in Washington for
some time to come.
"We are on our way home and will
leave the city as soon as possible — pos
sibly on the next steamer or the one
immediately after."
In the British navy the annual cost
of maintaining a man is £211.