VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 89.
FIRST COMES AN
INVESTIGATION
AT CAMP THOMAS
Conditions at ChicKamauga Not
Properly Regulated by the Sur
geons if) Charge.
W^y General Sternberg Did Not Protest Against
tr;e Unheard-of Crowding of Troops
Must Be Exolained.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— The Herald's I
"Washington correspondent sends the
following: After persistent represen
tations as to the shortcomings in the
department of the surgeon general and j
other departments, an Investigation has
been ordered. It is not yet as general j
• in its nature as it will be when more
facts are brought to the attention of
the administration, but a distinct order
has been sent to Brigadier General H.
. V. Boynton at Chickamauga. to find
out what is the basis of the compUi it .
• there and who is to blame. Acting Sec
retary of War Meikeljohn said to-day:
"In view of the statements that have j
been published about Camp Thomas j
.the surgeon general has requested that j
an investigation be made, and it has i
• been ordered. General Boynton ha.->
been conducting the investigation all
day. and as soon as a report is com- j
pieted it will be forwarded to the Sec- j
retary of War and will be made pub- j
lie." *
I was assured to-day by a high offl
. clal of the War Department that some
of the medical officers s>» Camp Thomas
were remiss in their duty, and if the ,
report of Gem al Boynton fixes the re- j
spoosibility, the party or parties named \
. will be immediately brought to trial by
court-martial. Speaking of this in- ;
vestigation. Surgeon General Sternberg
■aid to me there had been more <
Sickness at Chickamauga than at j
any other camp. The investigation
therefore under General Boynton will
•be far reaching, as the natural sur
roundings at Chickamauga were such
as is thought to be conducive to health. ;
• Notwithstanding the practice during
the Civil War of keeping men In camp
continuously only for about a week and j
of putting them together in number not j
to exceed a division, 40,000 men have
been crowded together in the Chicka
■ rj»mi-> for n«-a.rly three months.
The inquiry will proceed first upon this
basis-:
To discover why the protest of Sur
geon General Sternberg has not been
forthcoming against such an unheard j
of disposition of troops for so long a ,
.time. The next line of Investigation j
will be the hygienic details of the camp. I
The investigation, moreover, will rest
upon specific and perfectly authenticat
ed complaints.
. The percentage of fever cases will be
compared with those of other camps
and the number of nurses and doctors
will be duly noted, and if not found to
be sufficient the finding will be em
bodied in the report. For example, at
Camp Thomas, where there were 40,- |
000 troops, according to General Stern
berg's statement there were only
thirty-eight nurses. The doctors were
in proportion. Complaints, therefore,
from there have been so clear and pro
nounced that it is thought the root of
■ the evil may be most quickly found, as
far as the volunteer camps are con
cerned.
After investigating Camp Thomas it
is expected other camps will be investi
gated. But it will not stop in this
country. There will be a board ap
pointed to review the conditions and
• treatment of the sick in Santiago, and
sensational findings are expected to re
sult under the investigations of this
board.
TO ALLEVIATE THE
SUFFERING IN CAMPS 1
i
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Some state
ments made at the War Department
to-day indicate that efforts are making
to alleviate the suffering in the camps.
The surgeon general reports that up to
the Bth day of August there had been
sent to Chickamauga Camp 3428 cots
and bedsteads, 6536 gray blankets, 7399
cotton sheets and 3250 mosquito bars.
. Another statement shows the number
of nurses which have been provided for
the different camps where hospitals are
established, as follows: Fort Myer,
Va., 63; Fort McPherson, Ga., 10 en
route, 46; Fort Thomas, Ky., 5 en route,
. 13; Fort Monroe, Va., 38; hospital ship
Relief, 61; hospital ship Hudson, 2o;
• hospital chip Missouri, 10; hospital
train, 3; at large, 1; Key West, Fla. id
orrlerod to Huntsville, Ala.,), 9; Santi
ago de Cuba, 179; Leiter, Chickamauga,
5 en route, 38; hospitals at Chicka
mauga other than Letter, en route or
on duty, 129; Sheridan Point, Va., 2;
Fernandina, Fla., en route or on dpty,
20; Camp Alger, 10; Camp Wikoff, Mon
tauk Point, en route or on duty, 88;
Tampa, Fla., 11; Jacksonville, Fla., en
• route or on duty, 59; Porto Klco, 6;
' total, 878.
In addition to the foregoing list there
are over 6000 workers of the hospital
corps whose services are available as
•nurses.
NURSES NEEDED BY
SICK ARTILLERYMEN
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Aug. 27.— The fol
lowing telegram has been received by
the secretary of the Board of Trade
from Surgeon H. M. W. Moore, Bat
tery H, First Ohio Volunteers, at Camp
Thomas, Ga.:
"Can Columbus send two nurses at
once to acompany sick men of Battery
H home from camp? We change sta
" tion soon, and I am unwilling to leave
them here and cannot take them on
the troop trains. Government furnishes
transportation and sleeping cars. No
nurses available here."
Arrangements are now being made to
Bend the nurses.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., Aug. 3Z.—
The San Francisco Call
The exact number of sick men in Bat
tery H, First Ohio Volunteer Light Ar
tillery, cannot be learned at this hour,
but it is and has been for several days
rather large. The request of Surgeon
Moore of the battery for nurses from
Columbus and from Cleveland, in which
he states that none can be secured
here, meant none available to accom
pany the sick home. There are plenty
of nurses here, but none can be spared
to make the long trip.
MANY OF THEf "SICK"
SUFFERED FROM HUNGER
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— Some of the
nursea in the general hospital camp at !
Camp Wikoff are suffering from dys- i
entery, and orders were issued to-day I
that they be given more time to exer- !
cisc, bathe and rest. More nurses ar- !
rived to-day, and ten more will soon
reach the camp, ready to take the '
places of those overworked. All that I
are needed are here. There are three j
male and three female nurses in each j
ward during the daytime and two on
duty at night.
When the Eighth Ohio was landed I
nearly 300 men were reported sick and
Bent to the hospital, but it developed
that 170 of the "sick" were only suffer
ing from hunger. When these men were
fed they were able to leave the hospi
tal. They repeated stories of hardships
encountered coming up from Cuba, and
said it was almost impossible for them
to get food. One hundred and fifty men I
in the general hospital were allowed to
go on sixty days' furlough to-day, as
they had improved.
The Second Massachusetts, -when it
departed, left behind seven officers and
200 sick men in the hospitals. Alto
gether 560 men departed. As the men
marched to the dock 100 men dropped
out of line, but were aided by their
comrades and urere thus able to con
tinue until the boat was reached.
The hospital report at Camp Wikoff
to-day was as follows: Cases In the
general hospital, 1120, of which 125 are
typhoid: cases in the detention hospi
tal, 430; diphtheria in the detention
hospital, 4; in the general hospital, 1.
Deaths: Edgar H. Train, Second
Massachusetts, typhoid fever; Charles j
Flynn, Company C, Twelfth United
States Infantry, typhoid fever.
ONLY ARMY RATIONS
FOR SICK SOLDIERS
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— When the
transport Yucatan reached the pier to
day and began to discharge the six
companies of the Seventh United States
Infantry which she had 'brought from
Sanitiago, it was learned that seven
men had died on the passage and three
more had died last night while the
ship lay in the bay awaiting her turn
to unload her human cargo.
The Yucatan had 200 sick men on
board. It is alleged that the ship left
Santiago without a sufficient quantity
of proper food or supplies for the sick,
and that she reached here without any
food but army rations, which the sick
troopers were unable to eat. When
General Wheeler learned of this state
of affairs he at once sent on board
some proper supplies. The sick men
are still on board the vessel, waiting
until there is room for them in the
hospitals.
PRESENT A SORRY
SPECTACLE INDEED
NE»W LONDON, Conn., Aug. 27.— The
sound steamer Block Island arrived at
her slip in this city about 9:30 o-'clock
this morning from Montauk, bearing
350 members of the Second Massachu
setts Regiment, United States Volun
teers, from Camp Wikoff. The men as
a rule presented a sorry spectacle.
Some idea of their condition may be
had from the statement of one of them
that in one company alone. Company
B, but thirteen men were able to walk
from their tents to the boat. Accom
panying the troops were thirteen offi
cers out of thirty-six who left Massa
chusetts when the regiment started for
the front.
PATIENTS BROUGHT
ON THE CATANIA
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— The sur
geon general of the army received a
telegram this morning from Sergeant
Ireland, at Montauk Point, saying that
the steamship Catania arrived there
yesterday from Santiago with 353 con
valescent patients from the Slboney
hospital and that nine deaths occurred
on the trip. He also reports that Major
McCreary, surgeon, U. S. A., died on the
Catania on the morning of the 23d inst.
from dysentery, following yellow fever,
and was buried at sea. Major Mc-
Creery was a native of New York.
MANY FEVER CASES
YET AT SANTIAGO
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— The fol
lowing is the health report from Santi
ago to-day:
"SANTIAGO, Aug. 27, via Hayti.—
Adjutant General, Washington: Total
sick 555; total fever cases, 427; new
cases fever, 19; returned to duty, 24.
"Deaths: Leopold Debend, a civilian
packer, acute dysentery; Charles B.
Vyberts, private, First Illinois, typhoid
fever. LAWTON, Commanding."
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, ATTGHIST 28, 1898-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
SIR CLAUDE MACDONALD, BRITISH MINISTER AT PEKING.
GROSS MISMANAGEMENT
OF THE CAMPS WHERE
SICK SOLDIERS SUFFER
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— A Camp
Alger, Va., special to the Herald
says: Some startling facts as to
the management and conduct of the
First Division Hospital will likely
be made public soon, unless report
of Dr. Vaughn. Dr. Shakespeare and
Dr. Reed, -who constitute the board
of visiting surgeons, is withheld.
These physicians were instructed to
make a thorough inspection of all
the army camps. They began their
labors at Camp Alger. There they
found that for weeks a condition
existed that can only be attributed
to gross mismanagement, negligence,
indifference and absolute disregard
of all ideas of humanity. According
to the statement of a regimental sur
geon who has in the past been on
duty at division hospitals, the three
physicians made a thorough inspec
tion and gleaned information that
caused one of them to remark:
"There will be other linen to wash
besides typhoid."
My informant said: "An alarm
ing state of affairs has existed for
some time, and while things have
improved since the visit of the three
physicians, yet there is room for
more. Prior to the visit carelessness
and indifference were manifest—
conditions that would not be toler
ated in a well-regulated and prop
erly governed hospital."
RECEIVING HOSPITAL AND DISINFECTING BOATS AT MONTAUK.
This Is the Point at Which All Troops Bound for Camp Wikoff Are Landed From the Transports.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— A Camp
Thomas, (Ga.) special to the Herald
says: Major Parker of the Twelfth
New York, acting inspector general of
Camp Thomas, to-day reported offi
cially to General Breckinridge. by his
order, on the sanitary conditions of the
camp. The report, which is a comDlete
statement of the conditions of the
camp, and the causes leading up to the
unusual death rate, advises the aoan
donment of the camp. In the report
Major Parker says:
"The number of sick men in this
camp increases each week by one
fourth. At this rate of progression, the
sick will soon reach a number which,
with the present facilities, it will \nt
impracticable to handle.
'This park, I think it can be shown,
is? not fitted to be a camping place tor
troops. The park is mainly a fortst
with occasional openings only. Such
camps are not healthy. Being very
largely in the shade, the tents and
ground around them remain damp.
The sanitary action of sunlight on
germ organism is shut off. The park
is incurably infected. Every breeze
carries a stench. The sick report
mounts up day by day. General
lassitude is apparent in the men and
omcers. The months in which typhoid
fever and malaria are most common
are at hand. The cases of typhoid
fever have reached 500, and the whole
situation presages a general epidemic.
"Under the circumstances detailed
above, no remedy exists except a gen
eral departure of the troops from this
place."
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: As a result of Secre
tary Alger's visit to Camp Wikoft
It has been decided to scatter the
troops now assembled at Montauk
Point as quickly as passible.
I am informed on good authority
that Secretary Alger is now con
vinced that the plan of making
Camp Wikoff a permanent encamp
ment is Impracticable, and that aa
rapidly as possible the regiments
now here, not alone the volunteers,
but regulars also, will be ordered
away to different sections of the
country.
I am told that both President Mc-
Kinley and Secretary Alger are of
the opinion that a mistake was
made in choosing Montauk Point as
a camping ground for the Cuban
army. They also think now that
the general plan of bringing this
great body of sick men together into
one camp was another mistake.
The plan now proposed is to order
the regiments now there and re
leased from quarantine to other
portions of the country, thus estab
lishing instead of one great army
camp several regimental campsT
where even with limited transporta
tion facilities 1000 men can be given
the necessary food and attention to
bring them back to health.
DAY OF CHINA'S
DOOM IS FAST
APPROACHING
Eogland Is I^eady for the Parti
tioning of tJ)e Flowery
Kingdom.
Conflicting Reports as to Whether She Will Act
in Accord With or Antagonize
Russia.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— N0 one except
the actual participators in the negotia
tions knows what is the latest phase of
the international crisis which still ab
sorbs European attention. We are told
to-day with equal emphasis two things
which are of an exactly opposite tenor.
One is that the Anglo-Russian rela
tions are more strained than ever and
a rupture is close at hand. The other
is that Great Britain and the Czar have
reached a complete agreement and Lord
Salisbury has abandoned the policy of
the open door and China will be par
titioned forthwith, Russia and Great
Britain dividing the lion's share.
There is a possibility that neither
story is correct, but Lord Salisbury, be
coming convinced that it is no longer
possible to maintain the integrity of the
Chinese empire, is preparing to fore
stall his rivals by being the first to
seize a share of the spoils. This poli
cy will probably yield the largest re
sults to Englishmen.
It will be necessary at all events for
the Washington Government to decide
definitely and in detail what policy to
pursue in case such action is taken#by
Great Britain or any other power. There
will be no/ time to formulate a policy
after the moment of action comes. It
will then be a question of hours, and
the American voice, if it is to be heard
at all, must speak clearly and emphati
cally if necessary in the European capi-
MANY ANXIOUS TO
HONOR CAPTAIN CLARK
I Hero of th, longest Cruise on Becord
te 3| Now With His Brother k ■-^ :
in Michigan.
BENTON HARBOR, Mich., Aug. 27.—
Captain Clark of th© battleship Oregon
arrived here to-night, having left the
United States hospital to join his wife
and daughter, who have been spending
the summer here, anxiously awaiting his
arrival. Captain Lloyd Clark, who is in
charge of the United States Government
station here, will care for his brother un
til he is again able to return to his du
ties. Special invitations are coming to
night from all over the State asking for
the privilege of tendering receptions to
the hero of the longest cruise on record.
SPANISH GOVERNMENT IN
A DIPLOMATIC QUANDARY
Some of Her Best Statesmen Refuse
to Accept Positions on the
Peace Commission.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID. Aug. 27.— The Government
finds the utmost difficulty in obtaining
members to form the Paris Peace Com
mission. The best men will not go to
what they consider sure defeat, owing to
what is looked upon as the uncompro
mising attitude of the United States.
SENATOR M'MILLAN FOR
EMBESSADOR TO ENGLAND
May Succeed Colonel Hay as Uncle
Sam's Representative at the
Court of St. James.
NEW YORK, . ug. 2S.— The Washing
ton correspondent o. the Herald tele
graphs: There is considerable talk here
to-day about the appointment of Senator
McMillan of Michigan as Embassador to
Great Britain, to succeed Embassador
Hay, who is to become premier of the ad
ministration on the 15th of September.
As tar as could be ascertained, no defln
ita decision has been reached as to Hay's
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
tals, or American trade rights in Asia
will be all but ignored.
STRAINED TO THE
POINT^OF RUPTURE
Such Is the Condition Authoritatively
Said to Exit-t Between Great
Britain and 3i-ina.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— An authoritative
confirmation has been received from
Peking by the Dally Mail this morn
ing of the report asserting tha* the
relations between the Tsung Li Yamen
and Sir Claude Mac Donald, the British
Minister to China, are strained to the
point of a rupture, and that Sir Claude
has intimated that Great Britain will
regard as a casus belli a failure on the
part of China to observe her wishes.
The Secretary says that the situation
between Great Britain and China Is
acute, Sir Claude Mac Donald strenu
ously insisting that China shall ob-
serve her engagements with British
syndicates and demanding satisfactory
explanations with regard to the Pe
king-Hankow railway. If necessary
the British squadron, now assembled
at Wei-Hal- Wei, will support the Brit
ish Minister's demands. Meanwhile,
add the Foreign Office officials, the ne
gotiations that are being conducted by
Sir Charles Scott, the British Ambas
sador to St. Petersburg, to define the
respective British and Russian spheres
of influence, are proceeding in a "per
fectly friendly spirit."
successor, and the most that can be said
about Senator McMillan's chances is that
his name is under consideration. Hia
name has come more prominently to the
front during the past two days because
V.'Jntelaw Reid and Senator Hoar, both of
Wii :.-. were seriously considered in c ;n
nection with the appointment, are now
out of the field.
CONTINUOUS FIGHTING
IN PUERTO PRINCIPE
Spanish and Bebels Not Yet Ob
serving the Terms of the Peace
Agreement.
LONDON, Aug. 28.— The Madrid corre
spondent of the Sunday Times says: The
Government has received a cipher dis
patch from Manila giving full details of
the capitulation and condition of tho
island. The contents of the dispatch have
not been made public.
General Rios, Governor of Vlsayas
Islands, reports fighting between the
rebels arifl Spanish troops at Cebu and
Iloilo. A flotilla has been ordered to pro
tect these islands from invasion by the
rebels sent from Luzon by Aguinaldo.
General Rlos has armed several battal
ions of militia.
Telegrams from Cuba report continuous
fighting in the provinces of Puerto Prin
cipe and Santa Clara between the Spanish
and rebels.
The Canary squadron is now at Ferrol.
CRITICAL SITUATION
IN THE LADRONES
Spaniards Petition for Permission to
Flee to Manila for
Safety.
MADRID, Aug. 27.— Negotiations have
been opened with Washington to obtain
permission for the Spanish in the Ladrone
Islands to go to Manila, as the situation
in the Ladrones is extremely critical.
Great preparations are being made at
Yigo and Pontevedra for the repatriated
soldiers who are expected to arrive there
shortly. All possible sanitary precautions
are being taken.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— While Acting
Secretary of State Moore said to-night the
State Department had no information
from the Ladrones, it is learne<f"that the
War Department has received ad%nces
confirming the Associated Press dispatch
from Madrid. The officials refuse to dis
cuss the dispatch or reveal the nature of
the trouble.
BODIES CAST AWAY
TO SAVE A BURIAL
CAMP THOMAS, Aug. 27.— Brigadier
General Boynton was out in the park
to-day on an inspection tour. I ■ came
upon four mounds which are thought
to be where some of the many dead
have been cast away to save the ,
trouble of burying th^m.
For some time General Boynton has
been hearing that bodies have been
buried in the park, and he intends to
search every spot to see what truth
there is in the rumor.
SPANISH SOLDIER? IN
PITIABLE CONDITION
Thirty Per Cent of Them Expected
to Die While in Transit
to Spain.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 27.— The
transports San Augustine, Lienora and
San Francisco will go for 6000 Spaniards
at Guantanamn Bay. The Cheribon, a
hospital ship, left to-day with 1000 sick
Spaniards. The condition of all Spanish
soldiers, who have left or are about to
leave, is pitiful. Physicians say that
30 per cent of them will die before reach
ing Spain. Throe thousand remain here.
"GUIDELESS WONDER'S"
LAST RACE IS RUN
CORTLAND, N. V., Aug. 27.— Marion
Mills, the guide-less pacing mare, died to
day. The mare stumbled and fell on tne
track of the Cortland County Agricultural
Society here ypsterday, sustaining con
cussion of the' brain. She was unable to
move after falling. The mare had *een in
the Western circuit races and wa» «a
route to Bangor, Me.2
GENERAL MILES
MAY BE TRIED BY
A COURT-MARTIAL
Unless Published Interviews Are
Denied He Will Be Prose
cuted by Alger.
BOSTON, Aug. 27.— A Washington special to the Journal says: As
soon as General Miles arrives in Washington he will be asked to
affirm or deny the correctness of the Interview published in the Kan
sas City Star, in which he criticized Secretary Alger and Adjutant
General Corbin and condemned the policy of the War Department at
Santiago and in Porto Rico. Should he admit the accuracy of the In
terviews and reaffirm the statements made he will be court-martialed.
This is known to be the purpose of Secretary Alger. The Secre
tary refuses to talk about the incident for publication, saying only
that he does not believe the interviews are authentic, and he evi
dently expects that Miles will disavow them on his return. There are
few army officers, however, who do not believe that the interviews
accurately reflect what Miles has been saying to his friends, and al
though he may deny that he has talked in this way for publication
there is little question that this is what he thinks. It is all too like
Miles not to have a measure of truth. A court-martial of the com
manding general of the army would be an extraordinary thing, and
Miles will probably so handle himself when he is here as to escape
it.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 27.— Major General Miles positively re,_
fuses to discuss the mutilation of dispatches he sent from Santiago,
which was mentioned in the alleged interview with him recently pub
lished in American newspapers. The lines in his face hardened when
I broached the subject and his voice deepened as he sternly said: "I
will not enter upon that subject."
GUN FIGHT AT
CRESCENT CITY
«
Duel to the Death in a
Saloon.
FIGHT FOLLOWS DICE GAME
GAMBLER ACCUSES ANOTHER
OF CHEATING.
Each Draws and Empties His Re
volver, With the Result That
One Is Dead and the
Other Wounded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRESCENT CITY, Aug. 27.— The old
Willows saloon was the scene this aft
ernoon of a duel to the death between
William Young, the proprietor, and
Dwlght Safford, a half-breed Indian.
Safford lost his life and Young was se
riously wounded.
Young and Safford were at the bar
shaking dice for money. The latter,
being considerably loser, accused
Young of cheating, at the same time
striking him on the face. There was
an almost simultaneous reaching for
weapons, but Safford was the first to
shoot. Both men emptied their revol
vers as rapidly as tfey could crook
their trigger fingers. Both attempted
to reload, but suddenly Safford stag
gered out upon the sidewalk and fell
dead. A bullet had entered his right
breast, penetrating the right ventricle
of the heart, and another had passed
through his right thigh.
Young was hit but once, the ball en
tering the left breast a littie above the
heart and lodging back of the left arm.
The extent to which his- life is endan
gered has not yet been determined.
An inquest held at 2 o'clock this aft
ernoon resulted in a verdict that the
killing was done in self-defense.
Not a word was spoken by either
party during the duel. Although ten
shots were fired, only three took effect.
Those who witnessed the shooting say
that both men were cool and dellb-
crate.
WRECKAGE FROM THE
MINERVA AND JESSIE
Alaska Missionary writes oi zae
Probable Loss of the Colum
bia Navigation Company.
PRATTLE, Aug. 27.— Further details
confirmatory of the report of the wreck
of the steamer Jessie and the barge Mi
nerva, with the possible drowning of
fourteen men, known as the Columbian
Navigation company, at the mouth of
the Kuskowim River, Alaska, was re
ceived here to-day in a letter from Rev.
J H Rnmig. dated Bethel. Alaska,
July 12. Rev. Mr. Romigr, who is a friend
of Rev. Mr. Weber, who was to conduct
the party up the Kuskowim River, writes:
A native who has Just arrived here reports
that just titter the storm on the other Bide cf
the bay a scow drifted ashore with both sld»s
etove In She was half full of water and JiaU
no mast. To the owpost was the short end of
the towing rope which had been cut with a
sharp knife. Various boxes had been chopped
open with an ax. The cargo consisted of axes,
canned meats, shirts, trousers, lumber, one
very large steel trap and some boxes that had
not been opened when the natives left.
The natives, after their custom, divided the
wreckage among themselves. Our informant
had ft shirt from the cargo. It was number 18.
and labeled "Sunset."
Nothing has been heard of the river steamer
for seventeen days, and we fear all the miners
are lost If they still live they have weathered
two very severe storms. They were In very
dangerous waters, abounding in sunken reefs
and rocks.
MUCH BETTER'S FAST
MILE AT SANTA ROSA
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 27.— fastest time of
the entire week marked: the closing of the six
Aavs' race meeting under the auspices of the
trifle Coast Trotting Horse Breeder*' Asso
ciation In the 2:12 pace, the Vendome Stock
Farm's brown mare Much Better went around
in the fast time of 2:0714. w To-day was "Uklah
day " and consequently a big crowd came down
on' an excursion from the north. Summaries:
•■«.- . : ■ -'.--■■■ :.---■:;•■-■ ■ ' ' '-*,■•" - - ■■'-'
2 -16 class/ trotting, mile heats, 2 in 3, purse
$300: -. •.;-.■ * • •' : - :•'- y: - -\ .
Bonsallne ••• J J
Mam!.- Rlley ..Z Z
Little • - ■•♦
Phoebe Childers • 5 8
Menlo Belle * 6
jo« Selby;:. •••••• •••■ ••• ••• \
IMana :i. .....•••• • •••• • 7 7
Bid Purfee ...... •• • Diß
; Best ; time, 2:16 H. ■ -'-
2:12 class, pacing, mile heats, purse $300:
Much Better 1 1
F W \ %
Fit* Lee ...-3 7
Floraclta , •••_•.••''.•.•.*;••; »
Harvey Mac ". ,- ;••« *
Plunket •••;••• '"■■•2 »
Beachwood '..... • • • • • • • ' *
Best tim«, 2:07%. , \ .«: ..." \ .
1:11 class, trotting, mile heats, $300:
Silver Ring ....: • r;.. "...•..... 1v-1
Oaita... •••••* 5
Thompson ■•• •• * ■ , Z
Our ' Lucky .;".' - • 5 •':■■?
Mojave 5 ";♦
Beet time, 2:H>4. «..*; ■
■ ■ .■■>:.■-.: : . ♦ . —— • .;■-. , - •
. Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 MiMlon.
SAN QUENTIN`S
OPIUM TRADE
Trusties Found Dealing
in the Drug.
LARGE QUANTITY CONCEALED
FEW CONVICTS WHO DO NOT BE
COME "FIENDS."
Contraband Article Discovered in the
Cell of Prison Inmates Hith
erto Regarded as
Trustworthy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Aug. 27.—
For a long time it has been well known
that opium was being smuggled into
the prison regularly in small quanti
ties. The officials were not the only
ones who possessed this knowledge,
despite their strenuous . efldeavor to
keep the news from the public. So
notorious became the use of the drug
by the convicts that many relatives of
prisoners have protested to the officials.
It is known that in endeavoring to per
suade the Governor to pardon certain
young men friends have stated that
their lives were being wrecked by their
acquiring the opium habit.
But a discovery was made a few days
ago showing that the extent of the
evil had not even been suspected. It
was believed by the officials that only
a few of the more vicious characters
were acting as peddlers of the drug,
but it is now known that some of the
best behaved and most trusted prison
ers have been guilty of smuggling the
contraband article through the prison
gates.
A few days ago the attention of S. L.
Randolph, one of the inside guards, was
attracted to the peculiar action of cer
tain convicts quartered in whatlsknown
as the "redroom," a large cell in which
about twenty-five men are confined.
This cell is underneath "murderers'
row," and all kept in it are "trusties."
A Eearch of the cell revealed several
I pounds of opium concealed beneath a
I pillow, as well as $25 in coin. This
j opium and money were the property of
I one Hefferman, who was always
| deemed an exemplary prisoner, but is
! now known to be what in prison par
lance is called an "opium merchant."
The dungeon will be his abode until the
case is disposed of by the prison board.
It is believed that the average quan
tity of opium within the walls of the
prison from week to week is about
fifty pounds.
PROGRESO'S PASSENGERS
BRING KLONDIKE GOLD
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 27.— The
steamer Progreso arrived here to-day
from St. Michael with 300 passengers
and a large amount of gold dust, the
property of a few passengers. Purser
Griffith claims that he carried $200,000
in his safe. Of this amount J. O. Ekera
had $50,000. A quartet consisting of G.
W. Morgan, L. C. Sihler, J. A. Snow
and George T. Snow had an
equal amount. J. D. Racey had
$28,000. Most of the Progreso's pas
sengers were "tenderfeet," who were in
Dawson but a short time. Captain
Eagles and crew of the wrecked bark
Guardian were also passengers. The
captain of the Progreso reports that
the steamer South Portland is in the
hands of the United States Marshal at
St. Michael for the trifling amount of
twelve barrels of whisky, which were
missing from her cargo. The Pro
greso was attended by a heavy fog all
the way down.
Passengers of the Progreso state
that there are between 200 and 300
men who have drifted down the Yu
kon River in small boats and rafts
camped on the beach at St. Michael.
They have no means to secure passage
to the States. There was considerable
talk among them of applying to the
Government for relief.
Hildreth Buys Pen Hadad.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— A number of
horses in training, the property of vari
ous owners, were sold at auction at
Sheepshead Bay to-day. Those bringing
$1000 and over were:
High Degree, eh. f., 2. by His Highness-Net
tle. Sydney Paget, $.".000.
Rare Perfume, b. c, 2, by Hlb Highness or
Ludwlg-Early Blossom, G. B. Morris, $3000.
DiX Indian, b. c, 2, by His Highness-Squaw
A. J. Joiner, $1125.
Incandescent, b. f., 2. by His Highr ess-
Shining Light, Arthur White. $1505.
Miss Tenny, b. f., 3, by Tenny-Fair Vision,
H. Hunne. $2500.
Ben Hadad. b. c. by Hindoo-Alga, S. C. Hll
dreth. $25C0.
Lorillard Horses in Front.
LONDON. Aug. 27.— At the second day's
racing of the Hurst Park Club's autumn mwt
tng to-day the Lorillard-Beresford Ftablo's 4
year-old brown filly Belisama won the Hamp
ton selling plate of 150 sovereigns.
An all-aged maiden plate of 108 sovereigns
was won by the Lorlllard-Beresford stable's 2
year-old chestnut gelding Illoglc
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
THE SCENE OF TROUBLE IN THE FAR EAST.
Map of Northeastern China and the Yellow Sea, Showing the Several Antl-Brltlsh Railroad Con
cessions and the Strategic Disposition of the British Naval Forces at Wei-Hal-Wei and in
the Yang-tse-Kiang, by Which They Are Enabled to Watch the Russian Fleet at Port Arthur
and at the Same Time Confirm Their Supremacy In the Yang-tse Valley From Shanghai
to Hankow, the Proposed Terminus of the French and Belgian Railroads.
SKAGUAY ALMOST
DEPOPULATED BY
A NEW STAMPEDE
Great Rush for Rich Placer Di£
g>ings in British Northwest
Territory,
Discoveries Near Lake Atlin Cause a Vast
Movement of Gold Seekers From Many
Alaska Locations.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Aug. 12.— Placer
diggings, rivaling Bonanza and El Do
rado creeks in richness, have been dis
covered within 100 miles in an air line
from Juneau, and a stampede is now
on, second in excitement to no other in
the history of Alaska. Skaguay is al
most depopulated, and the small
steamers which left this city this morn
ing for the head of Lynn canal were
packed and jammed with ardent gold
seekers bound for the new beds of gold.
About latitude 60 and longitude 131
west lies a great lake named Atlin. It
is Just over the divide and wholly
within British Northwest Territory. It
is about midway due east between the
Chilcoot Pass and Lake Teslin, the lat
ter the objective point of the aban
doned Stickeen River route. Lake At
lin is nearly 100 miles long and varies
in width from two to twenty miles, ex
tending southwest and northeast, and
is shown on the late maps. The re
gion is wild, hard to prosnect, and the
lake is on the west border of a vast
section of country totally unexplored
and unknown. W. L. Weppler of Ju
neau. one of the first to make a loca
tion In the new diggings, has just
come out from Lake Atlin for provi
sions. His story of the discovery shows
the reward of patient prospecting in a
region where the mosquitoes are said
to be as large and hungry as last
spring's turkeys, and the water of the
streams to run as swiftly as railroad
trains.
Fritz Miller, a brother of George Mil
ler, of the firm of Miller & McKinnon,
proprietors of the Circle City Hotel of
Juneau, has been prospecting in the
Lake Atlin region this summer. Mil
ler went up Takou arm of Lake Ta
gish to its head and then poled up At
lintoo River, a very swift stream,
which is the outlet of Lake Atlin. He
crossed the lake due east and started
prospecting on the first creek he saw.
He struck placer gold almost the first
day on the surface and then went
down into the gravel several feet in
different places. The ground panned
out from 40 cents to $12 in coarse gold
and no bed rock in sight. x-'ritz Mil
ler trimmed and located his stakes as
he never worked before. When the
burning sun dropped down behind the
mountains that day he underwent that
change of feeling which stirs in the
breast of a man who suddenly finds
himself at night the winner of a for
tune. Gravel which goes from 40 cents
to $12 to the pan above bed rock means
another El Dorado and Bonanza. This
creek is known by the classic name of
Pine. How Dave Thompson missed a
fortune on Pine Creek is the opposite
in interest to how Miller made it.
Thompson has been piloting boats
through White Horse rapids during tho
rush of the open season. He knew
Miller had gone up into the Atlin
country and followed him. When he
reached Atlintoo River the man he had
with him quailed before the swift cur
rent, fearing that if they got up they
might never get back and would starve
to death, and he refused to go any far
ther. Thompson was forced to re
turn. Thompson is the miner who
nearly laughed himself into a hemor
rhage last January in Juneau when he
heard about a man who had under
taken to drive a flock of chickens into
Dawson over the Dalton trail in the
dead of winter. Nothing has ever
been heard of the man or chickens
since. Thompson is still alive, though
not quite so fortunate as he might
have been.
The new discovery possesses in some
respects the peculiarity of being a fam
ily affair. Fritz Miller kept the find a
secret and came back to Juneau for
more grub and to let his relatives and
friends in on it. This was about three
weeks ago. Weppler is married to a
sister of the Millers. Dockie McKin
non, the two Millers, James McClusky,
proprietor of the Arctic Hotel; Walter
Carter and a man representing United
States Deputy Marshal Staley, who was
let into the secret, composed a party
and announced they were going into
Dawson. This diverted suspicion from
their real objective point and enabled
them to go across Lake Atlln and stake
all the ground that the law allows be
fore they would let the secret out. But
somehow the cat escaped from the bag.
McClusky and Weppler returned yes
terday, and this morning the former Is
sprinkling the street with a hose in
front of his place, surrounded by an
eager crowd and trying to look as
though nothing out of the ordinary had
happened. Where gold seekers are the
news of a strike leaks mysteriously and
spreads with the rapidity of a fire
alarm in a great city. A stampede fol
lows like the rush of the engines and
red helmets. When McClusky and
Weppler were coming down Takou Arm
several days ago on the way out they
passed fleets of boats filed with ex
cited gold seekers, headed for the lake.
This rush has only one predecessor.
That Avas the rush to the Klondike.
Every camp between Juneau and Tag
ish House is deserted. Men have left
tenta and cabins and hurried away
with insufficient food and clothing, in
many instances taking hardly enough
grub for the trip, when the news got
to Skaguay the whole town was electri
fied. It is the one engrossing topic of
conversation. The stores kept open all
night to supply the extraordinary de
mand for outfits. Everybody who can
is already gone or preparing to go. The
small steamers on the river below Lake
Bennett have deserted Dawson and are
carrying crowds up Takou Arm. The
Kilbourne made a brave attempt to run
up Atlintoo River into the lake with
her crowd of passengers, but could not
proceed against the swift surrent. Men
here and in Skaguay who can't leave
their business are rushing around in a
state of excitement trying to find the
right man to grubstake. A sack of gold
from Pine Creek was brought out by
Weppler and is being examined and
much admired at Circle City. Men
who came up the river from Dawson
on the steamers on their way to their
homes in the States have postponed the
home trip and are flocking to Lake At
lin. Efforts were made to get the local
newspapers of Skaguay and Tuneau to
suppress the news of the discovery, so
that a certain few might get In and
make locations before the stampede
came. They might as well have tried
to stop the wind as the news of a strike
when a breath of it escapes. Steamers
charge $20 each way from Lake Ben
nett to the mouth of Atlintoo. The
Ora, Nora and Flora are other steamers
on the run. They are working two
crews and stopping neither night nor
day. It is estimated that four thousand
men are already on the creeks on the
east side of the lake. At the head of
the river on Lake Atlin a town has
been staked out and named Takou City.
Atlintoo River is about seven miles
long. Steps are already being taken
to construct a tramway along it.
The site of Takou City is about
eighty miles from Lake Bennett. A
sawmill is being taken in. Lumber
there is worth $1 per foot. Weppler
says It took his party over nine hours
to get up the river, but that he and
McClusky came down the seven m.les
with the current in eighteen minutes.
The general opinion here is that Wep
pler's watch must have been so
thrilled by exhilaration that it stopped
several minutes on the way down. It
is about twelve miles across the river
to Discovery Creek and the creek it
self is about sixteen miles long. All
the ground on it is said to be located
by this time. .When the last party
left 49 above Discovery had been lo
cated. The distance to Discovery is
about five miles. It is all staked be
low. Frank Hinds, purser of the
Flora, was one of the lucky ones in the
early rush. He got a location and the
first panful of dirt turned out $4 in
gold about a foot below the surface.
The Canadian police are already on the
ground, Major Strickland in charge.
Many of the Skaguay Railroad hands
have quit work and vamosed to the
new diggings. Bed rock in the new
strike is said to be five feet down.
The Miller and McKinnon party took
in five men to work the claims. Wep
pler says they were panning out $40
per day to the man. When sluices are
built and all the preparations com
pleted for working the dirt the output
per day to the man will be much
larger. All reports to date agree in
that a considerable area of very rich
gravel has been found. The rule is
that placer deposits become rich the
farther they go down and that the
maximum value is greatest at bed rock.
The prospects on Pine Creek are- Just
as favorable for fabulously rich dig
gings as they were at Discovery on
Bonanza, El Dorado or any other trib
utaries of the Klondike River. Pulses
which have beat on the even tenor of
their way since the excitement first
subsided over the Yukon are now leap
ing in the wrists and temples of all
men up here who have two hands and
a back strong enough to shovel gravel.
There is another and a near route
to Lake Atlin which promises to be
come a rival of the Lake Bennett way
of getting there. It is up Takou In
let, ten miles below Juneau, then forty
miles up the Takou River by steamer,
twenty miles farther by canoe or small
boat, and then over a portage of about
twelve or fifteen miles by an Indian
trail, whence it is about twenty miles
of floating down Pike River to the
head of Lake Atlin. Business men
are considering the matter of putting
on a small steamer to run from Juneau
up the Takou River. By this route
the distance to the lake Is about 110
miles. This steamer may be put in
commission if good reports continue to
come out from the new mines.
HAL HOFFMAN.
STRUCK GOOD CLAIMS
NEAR LAKE ATLIN
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 27.— News
was received to-day of the big party
of Germans who made a spectacular
departure from New York last winter
for Alaska. Peter Schramm, one of the
party, who was recently at Juneau, re
ports that the party did not go to Daw
son, but drifted down to Lake Atlin.
opposite Pine Creek, where they found
gold in paying quantities. All had
staked out claims.
SAMPSON WILL COMMAND.
His Departure for Cuba Will Make
No Change in the North At
lantic Squadron.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— The departure
of Admiral Sampson for Cuba will make
no change in his command. He will com
mand the North Atlantic station. Com
modore Phillip will be In charge of the
ropa ring of the ships at New York.
CHILD POINTS AN
ACCUSING FINGER
Point Arena's Mystery
Deepens.
RELATIVE UNDER A CLOUD
JAMES DOWNS SEEN AT MBS.
MOUSE'S HOME.
The Husband of the Aged Victim's
Grandchild Said to Have Visited
the Cottage the .Evening Be
fore the Tragedy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POINT ARENA, Aug. 27.— The mys
tery surrounding the tragic death of
aged Mrs. Morse seems to grow deeper
as the investigation proceeds. Mrs.
Bpaulding, against whom the finger of
suspicion was first pointed, is now be
lieved to be innocent. Many citizens
who accused her of having committed
the crime and favored hanging her
without the formality of a trial are
now sorry that they spoke, so con
vinced are they of her innocence.
A six-year-old girl named Minnie
Bishop is likely to play an important
I part in unraveling the mystery. She is
the daughter of Joseph Bishop, and is
remarkably bright. She lives with her
parents in a vine-covered cottage only
: a short distance from the house which
was occupied by Mrs. Morse.
According to her statement she went
to the Morse residence the evening be
fore the tragedy. While plucking
'■ flowers she was surprised to see James
1 Downs, a blacksmith, leaving the
I house. She spoke to him and asked
I him to assist her in gathering a bou
| quet. Downs, as she claims, took her
i hand and escorted her from the place
after telling her that he was wanted
lat home. He went directly to his house
1 and was met at the door by his wife.
Downs is married to a daughter of Le
Grande Morse, who narrowly escaped
sharing the fate of his beloved parent.
j At the time at which, the child says,
she saw Downs leaving the house of
Mrs. Morse the aged woman was call
ing on Mrs. Downs. She remained
about an hour and a half and then re
turned to her home. The following
morning she partook of the poisoned
mush which caused her death. As it
is strongly believed that arsenic was j
placed in the mush during the ter- i
porary absence of Mrs. Morse, Downs
will shortly be called upon to explain
his presence in her house.
When confronted with the child's j
statement last evening, Downs at first i
hesitated, but finally declared that she :
was mistaken.
"She did not see me," he rather ve
hemently remarked, "and I was not at j
the house that evening, and I can j
prove it by several reliable witnesses. I j
| do not want to say that the girl is tell- ;
■ ing an untruth, but when she declares ;
I that she saw me leaving grandma's
house on the evening of the tragedy I ,
do claim she is greatly mistaken. I j
closed up my shop about 6 "o'clock on
that evening and went to my house, i
While my wife and I were discussing
various events Mrs. Morse entered.
Mrs. Spaulding came into the parlor
while we were there. A short time aft
erward I put on my coat and went for
a walk. I leisurely sauntered down
town and met several friends. Feeling !
fatigued, I concluded to go to bed and I
started for my home. I expected to i
find Mrs. Morse there, but was sur
prised when my wife told me that she
had left about fifteen minutes before
I returned.
"It is ridiculous to think that I would
have gone to grandma's house, know
ing that she was at my house. It is
true I have been in the habit of calling
at her house and was regarded as one
of the family. It seemed so much like
home to me that I did not think it
necessary to knock on the door before
I entered. She was like a mother to
me, and why some people should sus
pect me of causing her death seems
strange, to say the least."
Notwithstanding Downs' denial this
little girl is positive that he is the man
whom she saw leaving the Morse resi
dence while she was plucking flowers.
"I could not be mistaken," she em
phatically said when told of the denial
of the blacksmith. I know it was Mr.
Downs, because he spoke to me. He
wanted me to go to his house, but as I
wanted to get some more flowers I told
him I would see him later. After
plucking a big bouquet I thought I
would stroll down to his house and see
his wife. Mr. Downs was there, and I
spoke to him, but did not mention our I
meeting in Grandma Morse's garden."
Captain Henry Tullner, who sat at
the inquest over the body of the mur
dered woman, is convinced that Mrs.'
Morse was poisoned by one of her rel
atives.
"I have made a thorough investiga
tion," he remarked, "and have satisfied
myself that no stranger committed the
awful deed. It now seems that the
poisoner will never be caught. I first
suspected Mrs. Spauldingr, and wis in
favor of having: her arrested. Le
Grande Morse would not tolerate such
a course and I looked around for evi
dence upon which to baae a warrant
but was unsuccessful. I am in
clined to believe that, while Mrs
Spaulding did not commit the deed
she had a hand in it. There was
more than one person mixed up In the
awful crime and time will prove that
I am right."
Prize Fight Transferred.
BUFFALO, Aug. 27.-An agreement was
made to-day between the Hawthorne and
Olympic club directors for the transfer of
the fime-Lavißne lightweight champion
ship contest September 12, the latter to
the former.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sympathy
And good medicine are what nervous
people need. The milk of human kind-
ness furnishes the former and a bot-
} tle .of Hood's ; Sarsaparilla the latter.
The utter loneliness of their condition
. and the gratitude nervous people feel
.to Hood's ;. Sarsaparilla are both
pathetically expressed by a * poor,
thankful ; woman, who says:; "Hood's
Sarsaparilla is my only friend." It
will be a friend to you also if you'll
c %t it be. ; ■'■■■-
I , Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; 6 for $5.
[ Hood's Pills cure all liver Ills. 25  cents.
•JWA&giyikjl*- "NO , QUACKS.^'
a 00(1 Electric I?elt
EvSSS^K?*«\y^a rt ' 111 cure without
fijQkl^ ?'^tWj^ MEDICINE. buy _no
l^^l^^^^^^^j^l'ierce'B." Book free.
t •WjWj^SfctJsWy--- PIERCE 1 ' r BLECTRIC
• "•:;/ COY ; " ' C 0.,". '620 MARKET
■*.-„,, *Wli STREET.^ opp. ; PaJaco •' Hotel,
Mention r** San : Franclaca ■■- ■ - l
this paper.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach of
Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TEIAL PACKAGE OF THIS MARVELOUS
HOME REMEDY MAILED FREE TO
ALL WHO WRITE FOR IT.
C»n Be 6iT«n in Tea, Coffee or Food, That Absolutely
and Secretly Curing th» Patient in a Short
Time Without Hii Knowledge.
There is a cure for Drunkenness that
has shed a radiance into thousands of
hitherto desolate iiresides. It does its
work so silently and surely that while the
devoted wife, sister or daughter looks on,
the drunkard is reclaimed even against
his will and without his knowledge or co-
operation. The discoverer of this grand
remedy Dr. Haines, will send a sample of
the remedy free to all who will write for
it Enough of the remedy is mailed free
to show how it is used in tea, coffee or
food, and that it will cure the dreaded
habit quietly and permanently.
.'...■
The above is a picture of Mrs. John M.
! Hatton of Lebanon, Ohio, who wrote as
\ follows:
I shall never hesitate to recommend
i Golden Specific, for I entirely cured my
I husband who had been a hard drinker for
! years. From my own experience I honest-
ly believe this wonderful remedy will save
I any drunkard, no matter how far down
he may have fallen. I write this letter out
of pure gratitude for the marvelous
change that has come into my life. Faith-
fully yours. Mrs. John M. Hatton, P. O.
Box 101, Lebanon, Ohio.
Hundreds of others are reported, even
the worst cases where the habit seems to
have blotted out the last remaining spark
of self-respect.
Tears and prayers are of no use. Plead-
ing, pledges, loss of social or business
position "are unavailing to stem the tide
of absolute depravity. This fameus
remedy, Golden Specific, discovered by Dr.
Haines, has reunited thousands of scat-
tered families, it has saved thousands of
men to social and business prominence
and public respect; has guided many a
young man into the right road to fo.-tune;
has saved the father, the brother, the son
and in many cases the wife and daughter,
too. Such a godsend to the fireside should
be known to every one. Dr. Haines is
not a philanthropist in his own estima-
tion, and yet he is one of the greatest
benefactors to the family we know of.
Upon application to Dr. J. W. Haines, 431
Glenn Bui-ling. Cincinnati, 0., he will
mail a free trial package of the remedy
to you, securely sealed in a plain wrapper;
also full directions how to use It, book 3
and testimonials from hundreds who have
been cured, and everything needed to aid
you in saving those near and dear to you
from a life of degradation and ultimate
poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It Trill
brighten the rest of your life.
Model No. 22
CLEVELAND
BICYCLES
-$40-
NOW Will You
Ride a Cleveland?
LEAVITT&BILL
3O9LARKIN STREET, S. F.
80 BAN PABLO AVENUE, OAKLAND.
. ■ ■ ■ ■ -r ' . . " ■ . .
> ♦♦♦♦-♦■-♦■♦♦♦♦♦-♦■♦♦♦♦♦
+ OUR SPECIAL. +
% BISQUE FIGURES. +
X 4-in. 5 cts. 6-in. 10 cts. ♦
i Beautiful little ornaments and "♦■
"*" Inexpensive. Regular prices are ■ -^.
>• twice these quoted.' Mail orders
+ filled promptly. Co., "♦•
♦ WILL & FINCK CO., ♦
"^ ; : Market St., Ban Francisco. +
.■■■■■'■ 3L:v FINE TAILORING
■"■•ifiSfifcv PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
f UWW< nr WORKMANSHIP, at
■^raV->7 25 per cent Less than Other
ws Tailors Charge, Go to
Wjf JOE POHEIM
• / 11^ All Wool Suits to &JO t . £Qr
I 'j M' Order from 4) I L .t0 00
/I I Pants from .. • $4 »° $10
j'v'**^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St..
3 ; ; 844 and 846 Market St., /
1110 and! 112 Market St. \ San Francisco.
—— — ■. . . . . . ~ - _.■
i 000000000000000 00 o
S w PALACE w»
!gC/?iaAF'O hotels*
o ; : SAW 7 FIM«C/SCO; 5
! - ; v: Connected by a covered passageway.
W 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. °
j i© 1 .. : All Under One : Management. O
O• '■ ■-•' NOiE THB'PRICSS:';-. r ".'O'
• o European Plan. Sl per day and upward _
■ v American Plan.JJ3.OO per day and upward O
I O Correspondence Solicited. < .: Q
0! V ; JOHN 0. KIRSPATBICK, Manager. - , Q
ftOOOOOOOQOQOoo OO 6 O'
W&~. Chlche «t«»'» Ensllßh Diamond Brand.
rENHYROYAL FILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
' ~^st*V " ' Orictnal and Only Genuine. • A .
?* re - *l*"/« reIUM«. l»oi€s ask £\
FLJVttiM Drmiclut fbr {^leileidra *.iulu» Kia-iH\A
B^** r T y(iJ«'»uK<f*™>irf In Red «j,d <; o i,< meuH!o\V«r
•'/JBfc jS^ X?* bo:lt * 1 "** 1 " 1 wlttt i<xo ribboo. I Tnko VW .
I*l *Sain other. Hcfitse <*a»g«row« <u6t ii,w t\T-' •
I ■/•■•■■•■'■ Or 'i'-iu nmi <m:a;»oru. At Draggiits, or tend 4«.
I J* '■;.■ £f In ttunpt ' Tor pantculsri, , testimonials »b4
- A™. ■>' Iw • " Belief for Ladles," in Ullw, by return
1 —\- ,-ry MalL 10.000 Testimool»li. #«. Pa?*.
.... / o!>l«hr*trrCaeoilcalCo.,Mn<t!«of>
.•^.^•UUoaJUrosiUW-- - / &Jlll.\v£«l**PRIVATE EDDY
STARVED TO DEATH
ON THE MOHAWK
Mother and Sisters Became In
sane Upon the Receipt of the
Dreadful News.
Sr^ort Rations and Brutal Treatment for the
Volunteers While Being Brought Ho r n«
pron) Santiago.
' MARIETTA. 0.. Aug. 27.— As a result
of the death and burial at sea of Okey
Eddy, a private in the Eighth Ohio
Regiment, who died of starvation while
returning from Santiago on the ship
Mohawk, his two single sisters have
become violently insane and his mother
tried twice this afternoon to commit
suicide.
When the news of the young man's
death reached the family the women
became hysterical and a physician was
summoned, but he was unable to do
anything for the two sisters — Bertha
and Vesta — who became so violent that
it was necessary to confine them in
. closed rooms and place a watch over
them.
The mother is the widow of Simon
Eddy, who died a few years ago from
a wound received in the Civil war. To
day she took a bed sheet, and tearing it
into shreds, made a rope, with which
she twice tried to hang herself. The
last time upon being cut down by
friends she seized a knife and before
It could be taken away from her made
a wound in her throat. Since then sh'.
has been confined in her bed room with
her hands and feet tied.
Mrs. Eddy is about 56 years of age.
and her favorite child was the boy who
MAJOR TAYLOR A
CYCLING WONDER
Colored Lad Too Fast
for Michael.
DISTANCES THE WELSHMAN
ESTABLISHES A PHENOMENAL
WOBLD'S RECORD.
Third Heat in the Match Race at
Manhattan Beach Is Covered by
William Brady's Protege
in 1:41 2-5.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— Major Taylor,
the colored cyclist, met and defeated
••Jimmy" Michael, the little Welshman, in
a ppocial match race, best two out of
three, one mile paced heats, from a stand-
Ing start, at the Manhattan Beach cycle
track this afternoon. Michael won the
lirst heat easily, as Taylor's pacing quint
broke down in the final lap, but in the
next heats Michael was so badly beaten
and distanced that be quit each time In
the last lap.
Taylor's work was wonderful, both from
a racing and time standpoint, and he es
tablished a new world's record, which was
absolutely phenomenal. For the first time
In his racing career Michael was hissed by
the spectators as he passed the stand, dis
pirited and dejected by Taylor's over
whelming victory.
immediately after the third heat was fin
ished and before the time was announced.
William A. Brady, who championed the
v during the entire season, is
a challenge to race Taylor against
Michael for $i>*Xi or $10,000 and a side bet,
at any distance up to 100 miles. The dec
luration was received with tumultuous
shouts by the assemblage, and the dusky
victor was lionized when the time was
made known.
inrd Taylore. the French rider, held
■ grid's record of 1:45 3-5 for the dis
tance in a contest pa^od from a standing
ADVERTISEMENTS.
X^2i-^ mother is the
r£ happiest being
t Sr**ic\ E*// ' n l k* ? world.
&*$&&&!. To hold in her
{ \ arms the dear
/y*" \/wtm li1fl " life — a
|A $■-£$& part of her very
-V - * 'f^X /fm I own ce — nest-
S^^~~fa/f~tLJ**& 1 ! r< % • tnistiB *
/ M ■ arid dependent
/ • s&,*£b&£x* on her protecting
/ Air" lov<*, is the sweet-
/ i \ est. most sacred ' re-
••" -/ j • { \ sponsil/ility of a wo-
/ / \ \ dan's rxistance.
( f \ \ Hut many a woman
G?fati*f&^JlP appioaching the time
'■*i» r r ¥ ""'~-' of mot he i hood -; feels
■^ (tt) most deeply its duties and
tfffjgS^^* trial". She is burdened
■'ff-ZX_ *O with a sen<ie of anxiety and
rfcfe^*™! unreasonable foreboding.
T^" o^/ jjj This state of mind i is nn-
favorable, both to the
.vJ. v/——v /—— mother aT the child.
A prospective mother may insure herself
against the slightest fear of danger or exces-
sive pain by the use of Dr. Tierce's Favorite
Prescription, during the period of expect-
ancy. This "Presciiption "makes r the
coming of baby absolutely safe and compar-
atively painless.
It gives elastic endurance to the organism'
specially concerned . in motherhood. ■ and
healthy vitality to the nerve-centres. It
makes the mother strong and cheerful. /. It
gives hei i ecu perative power. It promotes
abundant nourishment and provides con-
stitutional health and energy for the child.
It is the only positive specific for all dis-
eases of the feminine organism, devised by
mo educated and skilled specialist in this
particular field of practice. Its cale ex-
ceeds the combined sale of all other med-
icines for women.
• 1 Bin very thankful for what Dr. PJerce's Fa-
vorite J-re*crWl©n J.axdone for me." writes Mr«.
Etta R. Smit li. of ' OrenoH. Elk Co.. Konaai.
• t^.,i . muuth before 1 mi confined I had
»cM?i» ™«*4 rt"* «P <>»'>•« "tile while at
a UmV 1 could not rest at night at : •«. aor. at
any oth- iliuc. I could scarcely e«t anything at
"i y l\*K»n .akin, Vr «•«•*-
w-Mptioi. i.n<i after the Mcond doße JHJ H frl » hotter
From thru «ntil 1 «• «Jck; I carried BMily^all
th« v..,ter that wm i»ed. op • long hi", and
worked m the garden: every- day. berid« n my
Ukn work. did not feel at all bod. When the
\*\.y ww bom ih« doctor and the women, who.
wrri with m »«M 1 l.kd an e««ler time^ha any
our it.« v mf fei tJ.» nrst time The baby
In very hrhlthy and ' K«>winr ' right : alo«g. . *I -
U*e beet n> cV« aiuce .he ml five day, old.
! died at sea. Her son left Marietta
I about a year ago and went to East Liv
i erpool. where he enlisted on the break-
I ing out of the war in the Eighth Ohio.
which was sent to Cuba. The letter
j received here to-day from a comrade of
Eddy says:
"Privates Rouse and Eddy, who died
I on the way home, succumbed from the
I effects of starvation, and over 300 men
i in the regiment are seriously 111, al
! though only 130 have been reported as
j being In that condition. The Mohawk
left Cuba August 8, and ever since then
the regiment has been on short rations.
I thought the regiment had lived hard
on traveling rations, but it was noth
ing lika I witnessed to-day on the Mo
| hawk with the Eighth Ohio. The men
! had for supper soup and hardtack. The
soup was made from thirty-four small
cans of beef and twenty-four cans of
tomatoes.
"This was intended for 1200 men,
some of whom were so sick and weak
that they could scarcely hold up their
heads. On one occasion the food be
came so bad and scarce that some of
the men in the Eighth made vigorous
c/bjection. There were a large number
of them. For this they were placed un
der arrest and put on duty cleaning up
the ship.
start. The world's record against time,
from a standing start, made by Platt-
Betts of England, was 1:43 2-5. Michael
beat Taylore's record by 1 2-5 seconds in
the first heat, but the "Major* 1 wiped this
out and tied Betts' record against time in
the second heat. As Taylor was on the
outside for nearly two and a half laps, it
was easily seen that he rode more than a
mile in the time, and shrewd judges who
wuiched the race said that he would sure
ly do better on the third attempt.
That lie fully justified this belief goes
wii.iout saying. After taking up his po
sition on the pole Taylor jumped away at
a hair-raising cH^> and opened a gap of
ten yards in the first lap of the final heat.
Michael never had a look in after his ad
versary entered the second lap. as Taylor
skimmed along, swift as the flight of a
swallow, and on the -bacK stretch, in the
last lap, Michael sat upright and pedaled
leisurely to the tape, as he saw it was
sa to attempt to catch his speedy
rival.
The Welsh rider wr.. c pale as a corpse
when he jumped off his wheel and had no
excuse to make for his defeat. At no
time could he keep up with the terrific
pace set by Taylor. Taylor's perform
ance undoubtedly stamps him as the pre
mier cycle sprinter of i«.e world, and
Judging from the staying qualities he
exhibited in his six days ride In the Madi
son-square Garden, the middle-distance
championship may be his before the end
of n.e present season. The weather condi
tions could not be more perfect, as there
was only a light wind, and it did not re
tard the speed of the riders in the slight
est degree.
There were two professional and two
amateur events on the programme in ad
diuon to the star attraction. Eddie Bald,
the Buffalo flyer, won the two-mile L. A.
W. national championship race in fault
less style from a field of the best men in
the country. Bald would certainly have
won first honor in the mile handicap,
which went to McFarland of San Jose,
Cal., but that in the final lap Caldwell of
Boston fell on the back stretch and car
ried the Buffalo boy with him. Both had
a nasty spill, but neither was serioualy
injured.
■j. iie American Cycle Racing Associa
tion induced Tom Linton of Wales to
postpone his departure for England to
day, and Michael and he have been
matched for an hour race, with unlimited
pace, for a purse of $2500: $lo<n> to go to
the winner and the remainder to go to
the loser. The race will take place at the
Manhattan Beach track on Labor day-
September 5. Summaries:
Special match race, mile heats, best two In
three.
First heat won by Michael. Tim*, 1:44 1-6.
Taylor's pacing quint broke down on the last
lap and he wan beaten by 130 yards.
Second heat won by Taylor. Time, 1:43 2-5.
Third lieat won by Taylor. Time, 1:41 2-5.
Two-mile League of American Wheelmen
championship, professional, winner of each
heat and oecond man In fastest heat to qualify
for final.
Final heat won by E. C. Bald, Tom Cooper
second, H. B. Freeman third. Owen Klmble
fourth, Gardiner fifth. Time, IM 3-:..
One-mile handicap, professional — Final heat
won by F. A. McFarland (scratch), O. S. Klm
ble <2<n second. W. A. Martin (20) third, James
Urquhart (60) fourth. Time, 2:06 3-G.
RECEPTION TENDERED
THE FUSION LEADER
Congressman Maguire Devotes Two
Hours to a Dicussion of th«
Silver Issue.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 27.— The fusion
forces turned out en masse this evening
for the reception to James G. Maguire
at Hazard's Pavilion. About 3000 peo
ple were present. Democrats and Popu
lists constituting a large part of the
audience. Many Republicans also were
present, attracted by a desire to see
Democracy's Little Giant.
J. Noonan Phillips called the meeting
to order and Sutherland Hutton was
made chairman. The programme was
a long one, for Maguire spoke for two
hours and was followed by E. L. Hut
chinson, the Eighth "Ward statesman,
who aspires to be Lieutenant Governor,
and by Senator Stephen M. White.
Maguire spoke at length upon the free
silver question, defending the fallacy
which affords the common bond of
union between the fusion forces. He
devoted much time to the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, charging that Its influ
ence was paramount in the Republican
party of this State and asserting that
the fusion campaign was an anti-rail
road flg'ht:
In alluding to Henry T. Gage, Ma
guire paid tribute to his character and
ability, assuring his audience that the
campaign would not be one of per
sonalities. Incidentally, the speaker
took occasion to deny that he had ever
characterized the capture of Spanish
ships as an act of piracy, and he de
nounced The Call for the publication of
the same.
Senator "White spoke briefly and his
address was chiefly praise of Maguire,
wljom he described as the friend of the
people and the foe of corporations and
monopolies.
EIGHTEEN PEASANTS KILLED.
They Sought Shelter In an Old House
Which Collapsed. ■
FEOGIA. Italy, Aug. 27.— During a
heavy thunderstorm yesterday twenty
peasants sought shelte. In an old house
In the suburbs of the city. The building
collapsed and eighteen were killed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
STATE TICKET OF
THE FUSIONISTS
IS COMPLETED
Silver Republican Convention at
Los Angeles Indorses Maguire
for Governor,
Walter Van Dyke Named for Associate Justice
and H. M. McCraney for Clerk of the
Supreme Court.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 27.— James G.
Maguire, the omnibus candidate for
Governor, added one more nomination
to his list to-day when the Silver Re
publican State convention meeltly car
ried out the fusion programme by plac
ing him at the head of its ticket. Nat
urally the proceedings were of the most
perfunctory character, as everything
was cut and dried.
The convention thankfully accepted
the two places on the ticket that were
flung to the Silver Republicans by their
Populist and Democratic allies. Judge
Walter Van Dyke, a member of the
bench of Los Angeles by grace of the
Republican party, was nominated for
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
H. H. McCraney was nominated for
Clerk of the Supreme Court.
The convention was little more than
a ratification mass meeting. Its com
position was peculiar. The call was for
847 delegates, but the number actually
present was but 328. Of these more
than 200 were from Los Angeles
County and most of the remainder were
from adjoining counties. Of the llfty
seven counties of the State thirty-five
were nominally represented, tht/ugh the
great majority of these had only a sin
gle delegate each.
Seated on the floor of the convention
hall and wearing the badges of dele
gates were a number of well known
Democrats, Including a member of the
Democratic State convention, and sev
eral women. It was obvious the mana
gers of the convention had been at sore
trials to rally a respectable attendance.
Los Angeles County was originally
given 100 delegates, but when it was
found that there would be so many ab
sentees from other parts of the State,
the allotment was increased to 247. As
a mass meeting the assemblage was
quite a respectable affair. As the State
convention of a political party, it was
certainly unique.
The platform was prepared in evident
imitation of those adopted by the Dem
ocrats and Populists. In the main they
were closely followed, but one plank
was incorporated which evidently es
caped Maguire's scrutiny, for it is in
radical conflict with his single tax
views. The platform demands the free
and unlimited coinage of silver on the
basis of 16 to 1, condemns the war bond
issues, indorses President McKinley's
course and demands that all territory
occupied by the United States during
the war shall be retained.
T. H. Wells, a Santa Monica Justice
of the Peace, was elected temporary
chairman by acclamation. J. Mills
Davies and F. J. Cooper of Los Angeles,
Harry L. Baker of Oakland and J. Stan
ley Brown of Redlands were Installed
as secretaries.
While the chair was engaged in mak
ing up the committee L. A. Sheldon was
called to the platform to occupy the
time. This he did wth a vengeance, for
once started it proved impossible to
stop him. After he had been talking
some twenty minutes the delegates be
gan to yell "Time." The chairman then
suggested to the speaker that he had
talked enough. To such mild hints
Governor Sheldon turned a deaf ear.
The convention then attempted to
drown his voice by clamor, but this,
too, was unavailing. Finally, in a
moment of inspiration, a trumpeter was
brought into the hall, and the ringing
notes of the reveille rang out, putting
a quietus upon the silver-tongued ora
tor.
Before the noon recess a delegate
arose and said:
"I heard a gentleman who keeps a
store on Broadway say that In the last
election he did not vote because there
was so much drinking. I hope that the
delegates will keep sober."
With this admonition to practice
temperance, the convention took a re
cess until 2 o'clock.
The entire business of the convention
was transacted In lees than three hours
—between 2 and 5 p. m. — and there was
time In between for a number of cam
paign addresses. The work of the
afternoon was the ratification of the
plan of fusion, an Indorsement of the
fusion candidates for State offices and
the adoption of a plan for future ad
ministration of the affairs of the Silver
Republican party, with the appoint
ment of an executive committee to
carry out the provisions of the plan.
The adoption of the postal card pri
mary was the distinctive feature of the
new plan.
Henry T. Hazard nominated Dr.
George F. Dixon of Sacramento for per
manent chairman. He was secondr-'i
by J. Noonan Phillips, and elected by
acclamation. Dr. Dlxon was escorted
to the platform by Major Bugbee and
Kimball of San Luis Obispo.
The programme provided that H. A.
Ingalls of Oakland should nominate
Mapruire as Silver Republican standard
brarer. Mr. Ingalls put all the life he
could into his nominating speech, but
Its eloquence was dampened by the
knowledge that what he was doing was
merely a form. In accordance with the
PROMOTION FOR
BRAVE HOBSON
It Is Recommended That
He Be Advanced to
the Rank of Naval
Constructor.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 77.—Assist
ant Naval Constructor Hobßon was
to have been examined for promo
tion last week, but owing to his
duties he could not go before the
board. It was ordered that his rec
ord be examined to see If that
would entitle him to the higher
rank. The board says:
"The board Joins with all the
world in admiring the skill, courage
and gallant conduct of Assistant
Naval Constructor Richmond P.
Hobson in conectlon with the Mer
rlmac, as set forth In the letter of
the commanding officer of the
North Atlantic Station."
The report then refers to the va
rious papers In connection with Mr.
Hobson's record, and closes with a
recommendation that he be promot
ed to naval constructor.
spirit of Maguire's campaign, Ingalls
devoted his time to roasting the cor
porations and declaring that the Re
publican party was the slave of wealth
and corruption. He assailed the Su
preme Court of the State. At the end
of his moral lecture, Mr. Ingalls inci
dentally mentioned that he wished to
nominate Maguire for Governor.
The motion was carried by acclama
tion and Maguire was escorted to the
platform by Dr. Boynton, J. Noonan
Phillips and Mr. Ingalls.
Maguire stood up and bowed to the
yelling mob of delegates. Phillips was
behind him, waving his arms in the air,
and when the excitement flagged he
waved his arms more wildly than ever
and aroused the cheering again. On
Maguire's face was a glow of excite
ment and gratified ambition. He step
ped forward, and, drawing up his stocky
figure, waited until everything was
quiet. Then he thanked the convention
for the honor bestowed on him. Said
he:
I feel that this Is no mere personal
compliment to me. This great intelligent
body of representative citizens entertains
on many questions views different from
mine, yet agrees with my party as now
constituted on the great paramount issues
of the day. Your action means a rising
I above party for the sitke of principle. My
I selection is not for the sake of person
! aiity. but for the sake of permanent prln
i ciples. You have testified your confidence
in my integrity and my capacity to carry
out these principles.
I will not try to discuss the issues of the
campaign at this time, as to-night I am
to address you again on these tonics. I
will only thank you for your cordial and
unanimous indorsement, and assure you
that 1 will strive for the great principles
and common purpose which bind together
your party and mine in the ties of patri
otic union.
I fully realize that the uprising of the
great Silver RepuL..cun party and the
great Democratic party and the great
Populist party gives evidence that the
people are entering upon a new battle for
civilization, human rights, liberty and
j equlty s as important as any battle in the
j history of the human race. 1 have met
\ you in the past as an antagonist. It is
inspiring beyond expression to find that
common principles now unite us in the
struggle for human rights. You have
withdrawn from your party, not for self
ish but for patriotic purposes. The in
terests of your party demanded that you
i should do so. You made the heavy sac
| rifice «f breaking your party associa
1 tions. The Populist party is made up of
! those who went out of their party to
right for those principles which unite us.
We of the Democratic party have been
not less patriotic in our work during the
| past four years.
The difference between your position
and our position is only in the extent to
which we succeeded with ours. We are
obliged to tight the same forces which
drove you out of your party—l should
rather say the forces which took your
party organization away from you. If
we are to judge from the principles often
enunciated by your great party leaders
from Abraham Lincoln down, then you
are the Republican party in very truth.
But you will bear im mind that in IS9O
what is now the Democratic party gained
its position and placed itself where it now
stands by overthrowing the forces which
supported the interests for aiding which
you condemned the national Republican
organization.
All party organizations must be main
tained by patriotic citizens for the coun
try's good. It is the duty of every citizen
who loves his country to leave the party
if it does not represent his ideas of right.
Patriotism rises above party. The Re
publican party of Abraham Lincoln, basted
on the principles expressed By him, is not
the so-called Republican party of to-day.
The reason is not far to seeic. A great
system of special privileges has grown up.
supported by laws unwise when not cor
rupt. The agents of the corporate inter
ests are at the seat of government—na
tional. State or loc*l — continually at work.
They understand the necessity of aiding
the party in power. They are continually
taxing the people for their own Interests.
They give their services to the party in
power and continually seek to obtain a
foothold in Its councils. Gradually,
through the growth of thi* insidious evil,
the party in power abandons Its princi
ples and comes to be the supporter of
privileges prejudicial to the national
good. The end is ultimate and final sur
render of the party to corporate domlna- <
tlon.
So it must be with every party In
power. Good citizens must be kept in
the lines of warfare against monopoly
and corporate influence. The people
sleep and allow their influence on the
party to become weak and frail. Their
opponents work tirelessly to the destruc
tion of the people's interests.
Against these evils there is a new ris
ing of the people of the country, a new
declaration of independence. Not one.
but three great parties have cast their
strength toward this movement. The uni
ty of their principles has been recog
nized. They have united their forces, in
stead of allowing the enemy to conquer
by disunion. In terms of honorable- co
operation we have come together to fight
for a common purpose.
I am proud and grateful that the peo
ple in this new uprising of patriotic sent- i
iment should have chosen me to be their
standard bearer. They did this because [
of my past record in political service.
I shall endeavor to leave behind me a re
cord as stainless a» has been that of my I
past life. I shall try to be as faithful j
in future service as I have tried to be in j
the past. , .
I cannot go on further now without de
laying other more Important things. I
desire to close by thanking you sincerely
and by promising that in everything I
shall try to be faithful.
E. L. Hutchlnson was nominated for
Lieutenant Governor and delivered a
platform speech in which he confided
to the convention what he will do when
he presides over the State Senate.
Judge Walter Van Dyke was nomin
ated for Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court, but Judge Phillips an
nounced on his behalf that he thought
it beneath the dignity of a candidate
for that solemn honor to imperil the
awe which surrounds it by speaking in
public from the stage.
H A. McCraney, candidate for Clerk
of the Supreme Court, the only Silver
Republican candidate except Judge
Van Dyke, who has won a place on the
fusion ticket, was put forward by Carl
Schultz, who turned his back to Ma
guire; and E. L. Hutchlnson announced
that McCraney was the 'best known,
most capable and handsomest man on
the fusion ticket."
The other nominees of the fusioniats
and the plan of fusion Itself were then
ratified and resolutions adopted thank
ing everybody and everything.
The platform adopted is voluminous
and touches many issues and imagin
ary issues. It refuses to follow the
growth of the RepubJlcan party during
the recent years on financial lines, and
looks back to 1860 for a solution of pres
ent problems; declares that bonds
should be payable in either gold or sil
ver; demands currency composed of
gold, silver and paper, wholly under
control of the Government; favors the
free and unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio or 16 to 1; declares that the
policy of the national administration
on financial matters has been dishon
est; advocates tariff for revenue, with
I .. -;■ ' ■';■ :'- ; .. x-*~x -*~ '_ ADVERTISEMENTS. ; //. i, 1 . ' __
What values they'll unearth.
-^^ What a havoc they will create.
c^^^^^^^^K-^^^^^ Just take a peep at our big
windows— that's alt
We're
Shoveling
Out
Overcoats.
Almost giving 'em,
away— closing our eyes
to profits.
They're a swell lot
of Melton Overcoats in
navy blue and a pret-
ty shade of brown,
with deep velvet col-
lars — not many of 'em.
Shoveling 'em out at
$5.00.
ft- «Q>* Here s Where the Shovels
'ft i?t Of S. : Hurt the Most. " \
/^\^9^//fi^ ( \\^^f \ How they have tumbled the
I I I I/is \X" ° Hit \ ' prices of our very finest of Suits
/'-■■/ V '> MW^ I * IllY and' Overcoats. No finer gems,
V ( liEMf ' IAIF '" i V s " HI! ) 1 no' finer garments of the tailor's
: \Mlrr ' Vulc oA ; ) / *iU Tv^Krk: art ' aU of our * 18 and 20
f /i^EJ ' lA\\\ =S= 7 7 IIIRW W^^!t& ' Suits and Overcoats, brand new
1/ IV "m \\\r' I 'i \'\ iy^ok^r fall styles, every one of 'em.
[/ I n V'"* >^y^r Blf vir^^^ Never mind where the shoe
i ft r~ — 7J \ ' pinches— we'll shovel 'em out for
Jl A 'h- Ini H ik tpIU»UO«
r&^wuk n / \^M: : Frisco's Got the Blues.
V 'for | I U/Kjg^, New York's latest craze, electric blue serg e;
>v J^^gplsd?^^||||P^ serge Suits— what pretty garments— a great
NyN v fc*^*~ leader for this shoveling -out sale at
\, ----- jgmß?'^ &1O fflA
NOW'S YOUR GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY. WILL YOU SEIZE IT ?
All Country Orders
for These Values
Filled for Three Days.
incidental protection; denounces the
Dingley law as favorable to trusts; de
clares it to be a crime to protect capi
talists and open the doors of the nation
to pauper labor; approves the course
of Senators and Representatives who
opposed the issuance of bonds for war
purposes; condemns the Secretary of
the Treasury for not having issued
certificates of indebtedness for war
purposes to the legal limit of $100,000,
000, and for not having issued silver in
the treasury before calling for bonds;
denounces the international bimetallic
commission as a subterfuge; denounces
the plan of Secretary Gage and the
Bankers' Alliance to retire greenbacks;
demands exemption from taxation for
all classes to the amount ot $1000 of
assessed valuations; approves the war
with Spain as necessary to relieve the
people of Cuba, and commends Presi
dent McKinley "for his earnestness and
patriotic zeal in the prosecution of
the war," "glories in the achieve
ments of our soldiers and sailors
alike," rejoices in the victory of
the navy, and especially in the
glorious work of the Oregon and Olym
pia, product* and pride of the Pacific
Coant: views with pride the bravery of
California troops; tenders sympathy to
the kindred of those who sacrificed their
lives for their country's honor; dec'ar3B
in favor of maintaining the standard
of the country whereon it has been
planted; congratulates the people of
the Pacific Coast in their final triumph
over corporate greed and power, backed
by the Secretary of War, in
that the contract is finally signed
for the construction of a harbor
of refuge and commerce at San
Pedro; calls on Congress to crys
tallize into laws the public sen
timent in favor of the Nicaragua canal;
asks for cable lines controlled by the
Government to newly acquired poees
slons: favors the extension of the
school system with a polytechnic school
at San Luis Obispo and the present
system of State text books; commends
the constitutional amendment provid
ing for counties, like cities, adopting
their own charters; asks for the cut
ting off of unneccessary offices created
tog) < ? *-£±J £] }JiLys\Jk
£> 11-13-13 KEARIN'Y
KINGPINS FOR OVERCOATS.
for partisan purposes; demands direct
legislation to **-ie utmost practical ex
tent; favors the election of United
States Senators by popular vote; com
mends the national committee of the
Silver Republican party; asks for Fed
eral aid in irrigation and makes a plea
for the silver miner.
Incidentally the platform repudiates
the single tax doctrine so loudly pro
claimed by the man the convention
named for Governor. It complains that
the present policy of assessments
"throws almost the entire burden of
supporting the State Government upon
the real estate owners, farmers and
horticulturists of the State. We there
fore demand," the platform says, "a
reform in the laws governing the as
sessment of personal property and the
faithful administration of such laws."
This repudiation of heavy taxation of
land owners is the only plank touching
Maguire's pet theory of placing all
taxation on them.
DIED FilOM HER BURNS.
Nellie Davis, a Young Resident of
Nevada, Passes Away at
St. Luke's.
The sufferings of little Nellie Davis, an
eigh^-year-old resident of Lovelock, Nev.,
who was severely burned ten days ago,
were relieved by death yesterday morn
ing at St. Luke's Hospital. For ten days
the child tossed and moaned in her bed
of torture from the burns sustained while
playing with an older sister, and despite
the care and attention given her by kind
attendants the end came in death.
The death of the little one recalls the
terrible accident that occurred nearly
two weeks ago. While playing with a
bunch of matches the little one's dress
became ignited, and the flames
could be extinguished she was severely
burned about the back and arms.
Every effort was made oy local physi
cians to relieve her pain, but with only
temporary success. ab the sufferer
needed constant attention it was decided
to bring her to a hospital in this city.
St. Luke's was chosen, and on Wednes
day afternoon she was taken to that in
stitution.
flood=Bye
To These
Values.
The last days of
August will be store-
crow ders. Why
shouldn't they be ?
When will such val-
* ues be unearthed
again ? Such pretty
worsteds, such pretty
cheviots, the swellest
of Suits, the nobbiest
of Overcoats. Can't
be rqualed, elsewhere
at £12 to $15.
We'll shovel 'em out
$7.50.
A Soldier Hurt.
B. TV. Maxwell, Company B, Sarenth
Regiment, California Volunteers, fell off
an electric car at Sixteenth and Valencia
streets yesterday afternoon, and wu
taken to the Receiving Hospital by Officer
Anderson and treated by Dr. Hartley for
a lacerated wound of the eyebrow and
also for concussion of the brain. It is
feared that he has sustained a fracture of
the skull.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs at
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
RIIPl'l KE cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. VARICOI'EI.E, hydrocele.
swelling anii tenderness of the glands
treated witii unfailing success. Conta.
giou*. blood poison in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system. Irf «lle» will receive special
attention for "\ their many ailments.
WRITE If you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book. "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address P. L.
BWEANY. M. D.. 737 Market street. Ban
Francisco. Cal.
84
FOR THE WOLFE
TONE CENTENARY
Excitement in Expecta
tion of the Event.
BIG CELEBRATION PLANNED
WILL BE LABGEST SINCE THE
PARNELL FUNERAL.
Considerable Good Work Done by the
Mansion House Relief Com
mittee in the Distressed
Districts.
Correspondence of The Call.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
DUBLIN, Aug. 13.— "We are all excite
ment here in expectation of the celebra
tion of the Wolfe Tone centenary on Mon
day next. The Nationalist newspapers
for the past week have been devoting
column upon column to reports of pro
ceedings in connection with the event,
from which it is easy to gather that the
demonstration will bo exceptionally large
and representative — possibly the largest
since that which Dublin witnessed on the
occasion of the funeral of Parnell. One
thing in particular proves the deep hold
which the memory of '98 has on the popu
lar mind. It Is that by the mere force of
public opinion Monday is to be kept as a
general holiday. Such a circumstance
would not be surprising if it occurred In
the provinces outside the northeast corner
of Ulster, for the minority which favors
English rule in the provinces of Ireland
Is everywhere very small. But in Dublin
It Is a very considerable minority and it
possesses a good deal of the wealth of
the capital. Tet In Dublin all the Im
portant employers of labor have resolved
to give their employes an opportunity of
attending the Wolfe Tone demonstration,
and among the first to announce this de
cision were the great firm of Guinness &
Co. The feeling must be pretty strong
and universal which Induced that body to
take *uch a step. It is less wonderful
that Sir Robert Sexton as chairman o*
one of our local boards a few days ago
seemed to smile benevolently on the idea
of the board's employes going out to do 1
honor to Wolfe Tone. It is true that the |
board in question— the South 'Dublin j
Board of Guardians— has long been j
known as one of the most extreme
Tory bodies in the country; but then it
must be remembered that Sir Robert Sex
ton is now a candidate for the Mayoralty
of Dublin, and as such cv"en he must
count Nationalist sentiment. The whole I
set of circumstances is a curious com- I
mentary on the theory of the present
Government that the local government
REV. FATHER KAVANAUGH, O. S. P., HISTORIAN OP '98.
bill, which, by the way, yesterday re
ceived the royal- assent and is now the
law of the land, will solve the Irish ques
tion.
The Lord Mayor of Dublin and Wil
liam Field, one of the members of Par
liament for Dublin City, have just con
cluded a tour of the distressed districts
in the west of Ireland. They went down
there as the representatives of the Dub
lin Mansion House Committee, which has
been dispensing relief among the neces
sitous, to inspect and report. They vis
ited various parts of Galway and Mayo,
and were everywhere received with mani
festations of the liveliest gratitude. It is
quite plain that but for the work of the
Mansion House Committee many persons
would have died of starvation In the wesi
during the earlier months of the
year and that the crops would never
have been sown last spring In many of
the small holdings bordering the coast.
But the indirect result of the efforts of
the Mansion House Committee has been
at least as Important as the direct. They
forced the Government to take action and
to spend £60,000 in relieving distress and
supplying seed for the crops. That the
Government d'd spend so much money
Is proof of the reality and Intensity .if
the distress within a certain area. But
this is not all. The problem of the dis
tressed west has bf>en shoved to the
front for final Settlement. The periodical
famines or threatened famines which oc
: c " : ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ' '•
! - Mont of the badly decayed and broken down Teeth we save by - : , ■ . ■ V
««.Jf!i] treatment, and fill or crown them painlessly.- . . i I
If it Is found necessary to extract your Teeth we do It without pain W^
.r,A tnietrt artificial ones . which we , guarantee to present a. natural V
I' : ■ Soea?ance to be . useful and to fit perfectly. „ • v - \
, PAINLESS • EXTRACTIONS without the use of dangerous \ anae«- f .;. \ ■,.
tbetics a specialty. _________ — i_ — \ — -'-•-'■■• ' ' : , . %
, GOLD FILLINGS from ; ;.75c; .75c . \
Consultation Free. Irjdoe work a spee&tr,* *_«"".'.;" ;*!«•* < i. •
- . . . •■ .-•:■ i- -" Prr ? Tooth. 't '-
111 "wnor WIRfiIHTFII" plates with -- free extraction, . .v , : ./. ..,
ULL nil nil WftiinAnlLUi from 7.r.. ...;..v.. ...■..;........»;.. ........■s4 SQj  .
I P«n- Tooth.
ALL WORK WARBIITED. p^ EB ..^^.^ EE .. E^f:^ ox :Mso
TfU ,7 y o METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, |
1.0. HlgginSi UiUiii, 92 t market street, M
v. •'-■■ OVKE OATS JIHKAHD. ' . Fifth Floor. Elevator ■':.. J.'^V
:| |^'. ; . -" ... ■"' ......; . •/»
SIR ROBERT SEXTON, LORD MAYOR-ELECT OP DUBLIN.
I cur there are at last felt by the Gov
ernment itself to be a disgrace, and more
than one Indication has of late been given
that its solution on permanent lines may
be attempted next year. How it is to
be solved everybody in Ireland is agreed,
and the Lord Mayor- of Dublin and Mr.
Field are the latest witnesses on this
point. There is .only one real remedy for
the chronic poverty of the west. It i-s
to enlarge the holdings of the peasantry,
who are now huddled together on little
patches of land which are too small to
produce enough of food by their cultiva
tion, and to establish such cottage indus
tries as elsewhere serve to keep such a
population profitably employed. A remedy
like this cannot, of course, be adopted
without the aid of imperial money, and
there is, I understand, at least one man
in the Ministry who both admits this fact
and is ready to vote the money— l mean
A. J. Balfour.
The fourth session of the Fourteenth
Parliament of Queen Victoria came to a
close yesterday. It has been, in respect
of beneficial legislation actually passed,
the most important in its results for Ire- |
land since 1884, when the franchise was
extended to its present level, and that, of
! course, by reason or, the passing
of the local government bill, which,
'as I have mentioned above, yes
l terd&y received the royal attest.
That act, to state Its effect briefly and
'. broadly, finally disestablishes the pro-
Englip'h minority in Ireland, and particu
larly the landlord section of it. So far as
: the political favor of that minority is con
! corned, it was swept out of existence In
: ISB4, when the. household franchise was'
■ extended; now the monopoly it has hith
erto possessed of local government and
administration is finally destroyed. If it
ruiitinues to retain any part, it will be
solely by the free will of the people, and
most sensible persons hope that the people
will allow it to retain Its proper share. If
' the people do take that course the last
argument against home rule, or national
self-government, will have disappeared.
The local government act ia not the only
concession of importance which has been
won for Ireland during the Parliamentary
cession lust closed. The imperial grant in
relief of local rates lias been raised from
£ISO,OOO a year to £730 000 a year, and there
: have boeri other fresh grants also for
Iri»h local purposes. These financial con
cessions are clearly due to the financial
: relations agitation, and they are not in
: considerable; but they do not reduce the
financial grievance of over-taxation, the
existence of which the report of a royal
. commission has declared to be proved.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
c, consequently, that agitation will
tlnue and will probably be a prominent
ure of the coming political campaign
in Ireland. In this movement, fortunate
ly, all Irishmen (with the exception of a
few in Belfast) are united, and there is a
general determination to press for the last
farthing due to the country. Even Belfast
seems at last to be coming round to the
general view. That city has hitherto kept
aloof from the financial movement be
cause it thought that it discerned in it
something of Nationalism and "Popery"
combined; but It is getting rid gradually
of the ridiculous idea.
The Gladstone statue project, as I an
ticipated, has been, as it were, nipped in
the bud. The corporation on Monday
unanimously refused to grant a site for
a statue to any Englishman in the streets
I Dublin till a suitable monument had
t been erected to Charles Stewart
nell. Not only was this decision come
unanimously, but there was scarcely
discussion about It. This was rather
inge, in view of the fact that there
several anti-Parnellites in the corpo
on, and that the anti-Parnellite Jour
* had for several days tried tried to
work up an agitation in support of the
English proposal, the Independent alone,
the organ of the Independent or Parnell
ite party, denouncing it. The explana
tion, of course, is that Dublin 1b over
whelmingly Parnellite, and that we ara
soon to have a general municipal elec
tion. The anti-Parnellite Journals, or
rather one of them, now threatens an
agitation to reverse the vote of the cor
poration, but that threat is mere bun
combe. An agitatior for such a purpose
could not be gotten up and could not
be maintained in Dublin for a single day.
It would be regardf-d as a fresh anti-
Parnellite campaign, and however that
might fare in the provinces, it would
have no show in the capital. The Eng
lish Liberals, of course, if one may judge
from the comments in the English Lib
eral press are wild with the Parnell
ites. But they ought to have known
what would happen, and have refrained
from inviting the rebuff they have re
ceived. Their present behavior is re
garded as a fresh attempt to dictate to
Irish Nationalists in a matter which
concerns Irish Nationalists alone.
An interesting ceremony took place in
the City Hall op Saturday last whenjtwo
beautiful flags were presented by
John E. Redmond, M. P., on behalf of
the Irish Ladies' Association of New
York to the veteran patriot, John
O'Leary. aa the chairman of the '98 Cen
tenary Committee. The flags were sent
across to Mr. Redmond in substitution
for the presence of Irish-Americans ,who
would have been present In person this
summer but for the war. They are beau
tifully designed, and will be prominently
borne in the Wolfe Tone procession on
Monday. Interesting speeches were made
on the occasion by Mr. Redmond and Mr.
O'Leary, and the whole incident has
caused gTeat satisfaction in the Nation
alist ranks. But, needless to say, the
Irish people, and the Dublin people espe
cially, are nevertheless sorry that cir
cumstances will not permit the Irish-
American invasion, to which they have
beeo looking forward since the opening
of the year. I may add here that the
accounts which have reached us of the
sufferings of Irish and other American
soldiers at Santiago deeply stirred public
feeling. Not a few Irish-American offi
cers are reported to have succumbed to
yellow fever whose names had been fa
miliar one way or another in this coun
try, and it is hard to realize that they
have passed away. The consolation, of
course, is that they have died under the
Stars and Stripes, fighting in the defense
of human liberty.
Now that the centenary of 98 is being
celebrated, the work of the Rev. P. F.
Kavanaugh, O. 8. F., of Cork, on the
Insurrection, is being largely read. It was
first published some years ago and had
an extensive sale, but it now, of course,
Is being read more widely still. It is a
work of painstaking research, and of
high literary merit. Father Kavanaugh
is by nature, instinct and family fitted
to be the historian of '98. He is a grand
nephew of Father Michael Murphy, who
was killed at the battle of Ross in that
year, and inherits his ancestry's patri
otic devotion. As a man and as a priest
he Is universally esteemed tn Cork.
WOULD EXPEL THE FRIARS.
Letter of the Philippine Islands'
Committee to President
McKinley.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— The Philippine
Islands Committee In Europe haa ad
dressed a letter to President McKinley
regarding the appeals made to him by
high Roman Catholic ecclesiastics In
America to protect the religious orders
in the islands. The expulsion of the friars,
the committee contends, is a necessary
antecedenr" to moral reform. The letter
names particularly the Archbishop of
Malay and the Bißhops of Nueva Sagovia
and Neuva Casea as men whose acts of
hostility agairtet both natives and Ameri
cans and also apr&inst tn"e Jesuits and
other respected religious Institutions, are
condemned by every one.
The committee urges President McKin
lev to "aid the Filipinos to suppress the
Immorality of the diabolical institutions
fostered by these monks." and concludes
as follows: "Your name can never be as
sociated with that of the friars and the
sense of right of the noble nation at
whose head you are placed will never per
mit the ever-victorious and humanitarian
Stars and Stripes to protect them.
MUSTERING OUT VOLUNTEERS.
Begiments That Are Next on the List
to Leave the Service-
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Governor
Tanner of Illinois was at the War Depart
ment, and as a result of a talk with him
Adjutant General Oorbin issued orders to
muster out the First, Fifth and Seventh
Illinois.
The following additional volunteer regi
ments were also to-day ordered to be
mustered out of the service: The First
and Fifth Missouri, now at Chickamauga,
and the Third Missouri, now at Middle
town Pa., will go to Jefferson Barracks,
Mo The One Hundred and Fifty-ninth
Indiana, now at Middietown, will go to
Indianapolis. The Eighth New York, now
at Cb.iekanir.ug-a, will go to Hempstead,
_. I.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonaa, 1017-102J Mission.
GERMAN PAPERS
PRAISE UNCLE SAM
Moderation Shown in
the Peace Conditions.
DIFFICULTIES ARE PREDICTED
JjNSPIRED UTTERANCES ON THE
FUTURE OF PHILIPPINES.
One of the Most Exciting Incidents
of the Week in Germany Was a
Blaze at Which the Emperor
Directed Firemen.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
■N, Aug. 27. — The German
ltlnues to discuss the peace
s from various view points, a
of the papers according the
Dates high praise for the mod
he American Government has
Most of them seem to ex
pect that difficulties will arise over the
ultimate disposition and condition of
the Philippines, but as a rule the argu
ments advanced are repetitions and
threadbare. The-Kohlnische Zeitung's
editorial may be worth quoting, as
there is the best reason for believing
that it was inspired. It save:
"Before a definite peace is concluded
considerable time must elapse. Mean
while the international situation in the
Philippines and the far East generally
may have changed materially. It Is
not likely that Spain and the United
States will agree to a definite settle
ment of the Philippine question with
out taking the advice of the powers in
troduced, particularly Russia and
The Foreign Office maintains abso
lute reticence as to the present atti
tude of the Government on the sub-
The most Important events of the
week in domestic politics have been the
national convention at Crefeld, Rhen
ish Prussia, and the attitude adopted
by the Socialist party toward the com
ing Diet election. The Crefeld con
vention, for the first time, took a dis
tinctly friendly tone toward the Gov
ernment. Bishop Schmitz of Cologne
eloquently expressed strictly loyal
sentiments. A telegram sent to Em
peror William, assuming him of the
loyalty of the 7000 delegates of the
German Catholics assembled, and his
reply to It were noticeable features of
the occasion.
Another notable departure was a res
olution adopted by the convention to
establish Catholic peasant societies
everywhere in Germany. This was a
strategic move designed to compete
with the peasant federation of Bava
ria. It was also significant that the
death of Prince Bismarck, the author
of the Kulturkampf, Instead of being
used as a basis for hostile comment,
drew out a few semi-laudatory re
marks, one speaker contending that if
Bismarck were alive and Chancellor
he would have signed ere now a bill
to recall the Jesuits.
The various socialist local election
committees have decided upon their
course of action with regard to the
Diet election. In Berlin an overwhelm
ing majority has resolved not to par
ticipate, as under the three-class elec
tion system the socialists have no
chance of electing their candidates.
On the other hand, Breslau, Erfurt,
Frankfurt, Lebuz. Schleuslngen. Biels
feld, Elberfeld, Elnbeck, Brandenburg
and other towns have decided to run
their own candidates or to support
Freisinnige candidates. In a number
of other districts the socialists have
concluded to participate openly in the
elections, which may mean the ruin of
many socialists.
Prince Bismarck's memoirs are now
in Berlin. Privy Councilor Kroner
received a special hint from the Gov
ernment and brought the bulky manu
script, which Is now undergoing exam
ination. There is, however, a duplicate
manuscript at Frledrichsruhe, and aB
the text was dictated by Bismarck per
sonally the family will not submit to
any considerable changes or abbrevia-
At Wilhelmshohe on Wednesday
consternatlon was caused by the dis
covery that one of the chimneys was
afire. The palace was soon filled with
smoke and the members of the Impe
rial family were driven Into the open
air. Emperor William, however,
promptly took control of the firemen
and the flames were soon extinguished.
There is unusual activity in the ship
yards at Kiel, Stettin, Elblng and
Hamburg. The Government has placed
a number of orders among them, In
cluding commissions for six big tor
pedo-boat destroyers of thirty-three
knots speed, to be ready for service
early next year. In addition there are
orders from Russia, Spain, Brazil and
Argentine Republic. It is a curious
fact that the Government has ordered
the Vulcan Shipbuilding Works to pay
a duty of 261,000 marks on the floating
dock built in England, although the
company cites against the ruling the
provision of the German tariff law
which declares that vessels are free of
duty.
It is announced that the Navy De
partment has secured "for important
technical purposes" 1500 photographs of
the new cruiser Hertha while travel
ing at a speed of nineteen knots. The
photographs were taken in a few min
utes by a new Instrument, the cosmo-
graph.
The big army maneuvers to com
mence on September 3 will be under
the personal direction of Emperor Wil
liam. They will Include, It Is reported.
Interesting and comprehensive experi
ments with pigeons, bicycles and air
ships. Among the airships will be
one of an absolutely new type. Dur
ing a certain staee of the maneuvers
the Emperor will assume personally
the chief command. His military suite
will Include General yon Hank. General
yon Plessin and General yon Scholl.
Miss Lillian Russell Is appearing be
fore crowded houses. The newspaper
comments upon her work are favora
ble. Her manager is negotiating for
a series of performances in Madrid.
United States Senator Hernandez de
Soto Money has been here several days
consulting a famous oculist.
Much interest Is displayed in the out
come of the far Eastern contest. The
opinions of the renowned Austrian Or
ientalist. M. Vambery, In a Vienna
magazine, meet with some support. He
believes that alt the advantages Rus
sia has gained in China can only ben
efit In the remote future, when Rus
sian Industry and commerce become
able to compete with Great Britain.
"Such despotically governed peo
ple," he says, "cannot develop rapidly,
while on the other hand the Chinese
are awakening and their Anglo-Ameri
can schooling is creating a desire for
development. Should England join
her interests to those of America and
Japan she would gain her ends, despite
Port Arthur, Russian railways and
Russian banks."
Not a Candidate for Be-Election.
MILWAUKEE. Aug. 27.— A letter re
ceived from United States Senator John
L. Mitchell by his private secretary an
nounces that he 1b not. and never nreatned
nf heimsr a enndidate for re-election to the
United Slates Senate.
HONORS FOR
ARMY HEROES
Promotions of Men Who
Fought at Manila.
BRIGADIERS ARE ADVANCED
ANDERSON, McARTHUR AND
GREENE LEAD THE LiST.
Many Officers, Both in the Volunteer
and Regular Service, Are Bre
vetted for a Higher
Bank.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Before
leaving the city the President ordered
the following promotions of officers
who participated in action in the cap
ture of Manila:
To be major generals of volunteers —
Brigadier General T. M. Anderson,
Brigadier General Arthur Mac Arthur,
Brigadier General F. V. Greene.
To be major general of volunteers by
brevet— Brigadier General John B.
Babcock.
To be brigadier generals of volun-
teers — Colonel 8. Overshine, Twenty
third United States Infantry; Colonel
Irving Hale, First Colorado Volunteer
Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel C. A.
Whittier, United States volunteers.
To be brevet brigadier general of vol
unteers; — Colonel C. Mcßeeve, Thir
t^nth Minnesota.
To be brevet colonel in the regular
army — Lieutenant Colonel John French,
Twenty-third Infantry.
To be brevet colonel of volunteers —
Lieutenant Colonel R. E. Thompson,
chief signal officer.
To be brevet lieutenant colonels of
volunteers — Major Cuthbertson, Tenth
Pennsylvania Volunteers; Major J. F.
i3ell, United States volunteers; Major
Stotsenfterg. First Nebraska; Major
Boxton. First California; Major Stur
gis, assistant adjutant general of vol
unteers; Major Strother, Volunteer En
gineers; Major Bement, Volunteer En
gineers; Major Simpson, assistant ad
jutant general of volunteers.
To be brevet majors In the regular
army— Captain Hobbs, Third Artillery;
Captain Kernal, Twenty-first Infantry;
Captain Nichols, Twenty-third Infan
try: Captain Sage, Twenty-third In
fantry.
To be brevet majors of volunteers —
Captain T. B. Mott, assistant adjutant
general of volunteers; Captain W. G.
Bates, United States volunteers; Cap
tain R. W. Young, Utah, artillery: Cap
tain A. A. Grant, Utah, artillery; Cap
tain BJornstadt, Thirteenth Minnesota;
Captain Oscar Seabeck, Thirteenth
Minnesota; Captain C. G. Sawtelle,
United States volunteers; Captain F.
S. March. Astor Battery; Captain E. A.
McKenna, Volunteer Signal Corps.
To be brevet captain in the regular
army — Lieutenant Hagadorn, Twenty
third Infantry.
To be brevet captains of volunteers —
Lieutenant Lackare, Thirteenth Min
nesota; Lieutenant "Whttworth, United
States volunteers; Lieutenant Povey,
Second Oregon; Lieutenant William W.
»ijn»!»»»f|M»»i»^ n?th^^ i»f»<|Mfe »tfHfr* i»»i»»^t|yTiyT»i»*»
i^y^^fc^^g y^^^P^^^^a^S^^^^*™^^^^^ frpp frill nf YOUNG MAN P e * aln your •*
I the new Catarrh young man i^K?5 *
P mlllilT ]|<^ -^* J?«SSSiHB^ I 11TA hPf^iKPit llPinQ YOUNG MAN greatremedy-
«& mvv^*^^ %^p-jS t^&/^®ftWßr V/UIC UCtdlloClLllClUa Vni IMr' mam treatment- *
*? aSs*k?sS^ r^^^-j^^iSfiwr • , V YUUINVj MAIN HUDYAN. &.
iWM^mmlr feeU Xrkai. your HUDYAN CURES t
•^ J^m<^t^!Ql? r >w JttnOSlH^^ I,^tttt ie Incf vaii cflA Lost Manhood, Nervous Debility, '^
IRVfJI// eaV ) fee!in £ is lost 011 see Mehncliolia, Constipation, FaUing *.
* iiP^g^^uri^^^^y^r clearer, your eyes are bright, your Sensations, Laok of Energy, Laok }
¥SMMk& i&r clearer, ) our c) es are unpt, y our O f Power, Lack of capacity. Nery-
*W&Ur nose is clean, a sense of relief is over Xr^SSiidlei he t£ yBi «SJ '"*
HSBBsOvfl^r the entire My. Now^you may tr^ this system is strengthened and invig- f
% wm&ymr the entire body. Now you may try this oktad^woßderfUHUDYAN. |.
4^ Wmr Catarrh Cure free. .Itis a good treatment, hudyan cures f
Jfc. A*s<sr , , ' i 1 tit a -l * •■ 1 i t. Nervousness, Debility "5T
*f cnres catarrli of the lipad,catarrnoi trie stpmacn ana catarrn Md stops Emissions. m 4
% of the liver Call or write for free trial-treatment all this week. ■ - : - ■"•' = — _^_ 4
* V " A - U "' XA V ;i - W ' I [ciRCULfIRSFREEII
I 20,000 iTESfiIONIALS 1 20,000 ;,^g^;::j
r «Sr : ' . ' ".'-■«'/%«« 4 »'»">-'^'--' TAINTED BLOOD First, secondary
4 DENVER. Colo. I ___ _, -■ OORMARA, Or. , TAINTED BLOOD or tertiary forms £2*
Jj. ■■■■■■„ .. ... Institute— Dear Hudson Medical Institute— Dear TAINTED blood-., of blood disorders ty
,*§♦ Hudson T M tine- well at present. ■ Doctors: lam feeling better every TAINTED BLOOD are manifested by &_
t-. Doctors: lam feeling we il at pr ,day. I gain almost every day. lam TAINTED BLOOD Copper -Colored *T
"ft I wish I could see >ou rare 10 i^- and strong. Your: remedies are TAINTED BLOOD Spots, itchm* A
Ji and then tell you I never. felt in oei b .^ J^INTKD BLOOD skin, t Irritated,
"^ ■■■■■ ter'BDlritS.--;-- "-WM.---H. " Al^'^"' : '' ; J : JNO M ALLEN TAINTED BLOOD Dry, Parched 2
r ■ 5 Bp - l r 2213 Welton St., Denver. I J f <u - M - ALLBN ' TAINTED BLOOD Throat, Ulcers in -^ l
"^ ' " mtw Wn.o-iimv'r A,,«, ii'isos' • TAINTED BLOOD the Mouth. Falling : 3
■;£ SUN RIVER, MONT., Aver. 14. 1898. _ TAINTED BLOOD Hair and Bad *3L
* HUDSON '^^f^^^^^^^^:^^/^!!^ TAINTKO B^OOg S^ncJ^V^ I
your treatment for an ins d^ tainted blood g»*gJjSgS *
J& T ind , t it?fv-uniyclted-to your BkUl as physicians in treating such tainted blood v the SnreavDay-
* I wlsh^ to : testify , at such long distance and effecting a permanent cure. tainted blood Cure. Call or write J.
4* ?" ln w^h testify to your honor as gentlemen that will do all or more tainted blood for th«» ,-._;., - iy
V I also wish to testify to f >^ benefit of your patients. Most respectfully , r *™-™s. ......;^.v;
* you?s yy ° U JOHN ft TRAXLER. Sun River, Mont. -} 30-Day Cure Circulars. J" 3 ■
t>»t.-t7t> pttv Or' July 21 1898. ■ ' WOODLAND. Aug. 6. ; - ,-^^^-"-— T^TT .--.:.;. -,-.-- -3- !: Ty
| Ig^S^sSsffiss rS&i^wSS?* nun™* cures t
'* Ive-miithV. I haveynever felt better . in^royteß.^l^l.g.. •* eat ,w.il,,am | FAILING MANHOOD. €"
jg than Ido now. You B . HOOPER. ' ■ A. E. ECKHART. ■■ | TESTIMONIALS FREE §
1 :■: ■ -»' •" ' ■' '■'.: .:-'"'" •-": v: - ■"■ :" v -"-^ — •-. ."  « ,;.. *
* WRITE FOR CIRCULARS f-
»{ . ' OF "HUDYANr FREE! I
% . - Call for FREE Trial of §■-
| OZO CATARRH V TREATMENT! *
I hudsopTmedical institute I
* STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS. *
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
NEW SILKS
ARRIVING DAILY. I
This week we display .our first shipment of NOVELT' g
SILKS, comprising the very latest styles i
STRIPES, PLAIDS, BANES, 11
» RANGING AT f|
$1.00 $1.25 $1.50 I
Yard. . Yard. • ' A Yard. g
SPECIAL. SPECIAL. 1
Domestic Department Ribbon Department. I
40c a Yard 25c a Yard. I
TVV Cl X CLI VI • Your choice of 200 pieces of All-silk H
M ■ - , Taffeta Ribbon in plaids, Bayadere M
3 cases of All-wool Flannels, in stripes and Moire Taffeta, from 3to y
. stripes, plaids and figures, the lat- 4 inches wide. fa
est fall colorings, over 100 styles to Actual value 50c and 40c. M
select from, suitable, for Ladies' Actual value sOc ana 4uc. . ■
Wrappers and Dressing Sacques. '** H '
On sale at 40c a yard. : ! EmbfOiderieS." 1
... ~Tr ■ j 10c a Yard. I
12ica Yard. . A e?s. sa^ «ssuf jssrsa
. \ patterns, well made. _ fc;
100 pieces German Eiderdown In dark your choice at 10c a yard. £•
and medium colorings, suitable for Your ■»—•• ai »w »y « . |
™ PP . r , (S^w tod o, a,. P ,. s , / Dressing Sacqnes.
a Yard $1^? Each.
A\J \J Cl ICll U. 2. dQZen Ladies' Wool Dressing g
100 pieces of Wrapper Flannelettes. B E a ld^ o Wn * in gu^Vn^S* cS § '
new styles In dark and light color- ■ ■ dinal nicely trimmed. |
nSS> On sale at 10c a yard. r '___ At $1.00 each. |
123 to 129 POST STREET. I
Chance, Volunteer Signal Corps; Lieu
tenant Philip J. Perkins, Volunteer
Signal Corps; Lieutenant Charles E.
Kilbourn, Volunteer Signal Corps;
Lieutenant Anson J. Budd, Volunteer
Signal Corps.
To be brevet first lieutenants In the
regular army— Lieutenant Williams,
Sixth Artillery; Lieutenant Koehler,
Sixth Artillery.
RESERVES MUSTERED OUT.
Naval Tags Iroquois and Vigilant Go
Out of Commission.
VALLEJO, Aug. 27.— The auxiliary na
val tugs Iroquois and Vigilant went out
of commission at Mare Island to-day, the
officers being placed on waiting orders
and the men disc-arged and sent to San
Francisco on the tug Unadilla. This ac
tion on the part of the Government Is
a great Injustice to the men, some of
whom not only received no money but
were in debt to the Government for their
outfits. The Iroquois will be retained aa
a yard tug and the Vigilant will be fitted
out as a tender to the apprentice training
ship Pensacola, which will shortly be re
moved to Goat Island. The Vigilant will
be fitted with tanks to carry water to the
island from San Francisco.
FORBIDS EXECUTION
OF A!\T. PRISONERS
Miles Telegraphs to ICacias Just in
Time to Stop the Shooting of
Mayor Aguado.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Aug. 37.— General Miles was
informed of the arrest of Mayor Aguado
by the Spnmrds. The Mayor was taken
fo San Juan and was sentenced to be shot
on a charge of deserting to the Ameri
cans. General Miles immediately vole
graphed Governor General Macias, forma
dlng any executions of prisoners.BRIAR SWEET AND
ST. CALATINE
Californian Fillies Win
at Sheepshead.
FORMER BY FIVE LENGTHS
SENSATIONAL DEAD HEAT ON
HARLEM IRACK.
Many Surprises on Getaway Day at
St. Louis — Watchmaker Falls
in the Homestretch With
Jockey Tom Burns.
I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK. Au&. 27— California horses
covered themselves with glory thin afternoon.
Bt Calatine (.by St. Carlo) and Briar Sweet
(by Imp. Sir Modred) winning two cracking
good races. They were ridden by Clawson and
Maher respectively. The latter lad and Tod
Sloan carried off the riding honors, with two
wins each to their credit. St. Lorenzo ran a
very fast short six furlongs and Ways and
Means did five furlongs In 1:01 flat.
First race, high weight handicap, five and a
half furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j H- V Str.Fln.
St. Calatine. 114 Clawsonl 2 2 21 12
Lambent. 126 Williams j 3 3 3 2
RosFifer. 106 Spencer 0 0 0 3
Chenille. 102 Maher| 11 11 11 0
Time, l:0S 4-5. Won easily. Second and third
r *TroUey 121, Chum 100 and Gen. Maceo 100
""lausallto odds— 2\i to 1. 4to 1 and 10 to 1.
" Track odds— 7 to 2, 11 to 2 and 12 to L
■ »Favorlte.
Second race, selling, mile and an eighth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | %. %• %• lm. Fin.
•Damien. 116 ....T. Sloan 2 2 3 2% 1 1
Millsti-eam. 104 ...Maher 12 12 11 Ih2
S. Abingdon, 93... Moody | 3 S 2 3 J
Time. 1:55 1-5. Won handily. Second and
. third driving.
Free Lance 114. Belmar 111. 'Twlnkier 101 and
Octave 96 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 1, 6 to 1 and 15 to L
Track, odds— 2 to 1, 8 to 1 and 20 to 1.
•Favorites.
Third race, th* Dash stakes, two-year-olds,
five furlongs:
Nam« and Weight. Jockeys.; H- %■ Str. Fin.
Ways and Means, 104..Maheri 0 0 0 1
Kentucky Colonel, 127.Turner| 0 0 0
Himtime. 114 Deani 3 3 13
•Dr. Eiohberg, 122.... T. Sloan 112 0
Prestidigttatrice. U2 Perm 2 10 0
D. Middleburg, 112..Uttlefleld 0 0 3 0
Time, 1:01. Won cleverly. Second and third
"Klnsfcion 127. Marbl-head 122, Hungarian 104
and Grey Held 104 also ran.
Sausalito odds — 4 to 1. 4 to 1 and 20 to 1.
Trai*k odds— 4 to 1. 6 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race. Ocean handicap, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I %. %■ %. Str. Fin.
•Briar Sweet. 110..Maheri IV_ 1n 1 1 15
Irish Reel. 115.. T. Sloan] 0 0 0 0 2
Bangle. 106 BarrtUtj 2 2 2 2 S
Algol. 11» Simmsj 3 0 3 3 4
Peep o- Day. 122. ■■ .Lewis! 0 3 0 0 0
~Tlme. 1:40 4-5. Won galloping. Second and
115. Royal Stag 115. Mirthful 113
and Lady Marian 90 also ran.
Sausalito -xlds— 2 to 1. 2^ to 1 and 1« to 1.
Track o<l<i»— 2 to 1, 5 to 2 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, two-year-olds, about six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) %. %. Str. Fin.
•St Lorenzo, 110 T. Sloan; 2 2 In 1 h
Ben Vtkins. 115.. R. Williams! 0 0 3 2
Federal. 113 Doggett; 0 0 0 3
Frohsinn. 115 Slmms| 112 0
Handcuff. 110 Barrettl 3 3 0 0
• Time. 1:11 1-5. Won driving. Second and
third driving.
Strathconan 115. Grey Jacques 115, Hanan 110
and Al Reeves 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2. S to 1 and. 10 to 1.
Track odds— B to 5, 10 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, handicap, short course steeple
chase :
Olindo. 152 (Byrne) 1
Equerry. 142 (Finegan) 2
Brown Red. 13S (Anderson) 3
Time, 4:21.
•Rheinstrom 147. El Cid 144. Hurry t'p 140.
Diversion 135 and Baby Bill 135 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 1, 2V» to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— s to 1, 4 to 1 and 12 to _,
•Favorite.
DEAD HEAT IN STAKE BACK
Judges at Harlem Unable to Separate
Dr. Shepard and David Tenny.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— David Tenny and Dr.
Shepard were bo close together at the finish
for the Commercial stakes that the Judges
called it a dead heat. The stake wan divided.
Amy Wade, with the California rider, Mc-
Kichola up, won the second race at long odds.
Plantain, first in the Initial event, was also
it Juicy figures. The track was in pretty good
shape.
First race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str.Fln.
Plantain.. 9s Rose 3 2 1 1
•Afamada, 102 ....:^A*er 0 3 3 2
Moroni. 98 .....J.Waldo 0 0 0 3
Little Alarm. 93 ....W. Kl ley 10 0.0
Brightle 8. 106 ....Conley 2 110
Time. 1:17. Won driving. Second and third
fll Xalifsa 93. Muskadlne 98. Don't Skip Me 102.
Warren Point 102, Pitfall 102. Treopid 105 Fre
mont 105, Gov. Sheehan 10a and Redskin 105
elJso ra.n. odds-12 to 1, even and^W to L
Sausallto odds-12 to 1. even and 12 to 1.
Track odds— to 1, 6to 5 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. *!■""%• Str.Fln.
Amy Wade. 100~. McNichols 2 0 0 Hi
Montgomery. 109 ....Mclntyre 1 1 212
Madrllene. 109 .......Aker 0 3 1% . «
A.be Furst. 107......... -Everett 3 2 3. ■0 -
Time, 1:15%. Won driving. Second and third
"•Paul" Griggs 110, King Bermuda 100. George
H. Ketchum 104 and Meddler 107, also, ran. ■
Sausallto odds— l 2to 1, sto 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— it. to 1, Bto 1 and 15 to L
•Favorite.
Third race, two-year-olds, handicap, five fur
longs: - - -"•■ - ■ &
Name and Weight. Jockeys. M- %• Str.Fln.
•Queen of Song. 99.. . .Everett 1 11 \ 2
Boney Hoy, 105 ..Rose 0 0 0 2
Excursion, 92 J. Woods 22 Z A
Hanllght. 102 Rutter 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:03. Won easily. Second and third
frtvlng.
Frances D 85 and Mazo 92 also ran.
Sausalito odds— S to 5, 4 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds — to 1, 5 to 1 and 16 to L
•Favorite.
. Fourth race, the Commercial stakes, one
md an eighth miles: •'•'__-
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. y^. %. Str. Fin.
•David Tenny, 106.. Conley 2 h 3 3 2 vtl
'Dr. Shepard, 10S....Iilnss 1111111 ; tl
Candelarla, 10S ..Everett 0 0 0" 0 3
Cherry Leaf, 103..... Aker 3 2h2hO 0
Ounoi-), 104 ....H. Martin 0 0 0 3.0
; tDead heat. Stake divided.
Time, 1:66%. Won driving. Second and third j
Jrlving.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1, 2 to 1 and 4 to I.',
Track odds— ll to 5, 11 to 5 and 6 to 1. ■
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, | ft. %. Str. Fin.
'Abuse. 114 ...:.Bloss 2 2 2 13
3annockburn, 107 ..11. Martin 0 3 3 2
folly Roger, 85.. McNichols 3003
Dave Waldo, 103.. .....Everett 12 14 1 0
Time. 1:14%. Won easily. Second ; and third
Jrivlng. . ■ . *
King's Highway 103 and Richard J 107 also
•an.
- : Sautsallto odds— Even, 3 to 1 and 8 to L.'
Track odds— to 5, ,7 to 2 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite. ■■ • -■- \ . - t
Sixth race, purse, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. 14. H. %. Str. Fln^
•Donna Rita, 105.. Martin 12 12 12 12 12
Molo, 94 McNlchols 2 2 2 2 2
Elidad, 94 Bassenger 0 0/0 3 3
Second Chance. 102.S«?aton 3 3 0 0 0
Albert Vale. 105 Aker 0 0 3 0 0
Time." 1:43. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— l to 2. 2 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— l to 2, 5 to 2 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
GETAWAY DAY^AT ST. LOTJIS.
The Usual Number of Surprises and
an Accident.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 27.— This was the nine
tieth and last day of the St. Louis meeting
so far as this season is concerned, and it was
"getaway day" in all that the term implies.
The surprises were Miss Bramble. Czarowltz,
Sea Lion and Miss Verne, the latter being at
odds of 40 to 1. In the last race Watchmaker,
the favorite, running second at the time, fell In
the homestretch, giving the spectators an
awful scare and Jockey Tommy Burns a se
vere shaking up.
First race, selling, six and a half furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. V 4. %. Str. Fin.
Miss Bramble, 103. ...Mitchell 3 2 2 IV.
•School Girl. S2 Lines 2 0 3 2
•Dress-en 102 J. McDonald 1 11113
Ray B. 99 McJoynt 0 8 0 0
Time, I^l%, Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Black Silk 104, Sugar Cane 101. Resolute 104.
L T. Caton 101, The Paziler 101, Mrs. Brad
shaw 99, Precita 104. Benvidere 97. Waukesha
101. Nora S 92 and Ennomia 92 also ran.
Sausalito odds-6 to 1. 4 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 9 to 1, 4 to 1 and 9 to 2.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, six and a half furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I V_. %. Str. Fin.
Czarowitz. 104 T. Burns 12 1 2 Ins
•Umbrella, 108 Cay wood 3 8 2
Count Fonso, 101.... McDonald 0 0 03
Miss Lirzie. 92.. ..Harshbergerj 2 2 110
Time, l:2lVi. ?on driving. Second and third
d^Kowalsky 104, Rebel Jack 102, Harry Floyd 99,
Ranrlazzo 97 and Bequeath 94 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 4 to 1. 3 to 2 and 2 to _.
Track odds— a to 2, 9 to 5 and 6 to 2.
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, two miles and serenty
yards:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. I lm. 1%. 1%. Str. Fin.
J~B7a7le~y,~lo3.Ha'hb-ger 3 0 3 2 Ins
•Rifle, 102 Gllmore 0 3 111h23
A Andrew, 102.McDonald 1h 0 0 0 3
C S. Bush, 102. Van Camp 0 2 2 0 0
Maruuise. 100 Lines! 2 lh 0 3 0
Kodak. 103 Lendrumi 0 0 0 0 0
Time. 2:39. Won driving. Second and third
r Sausallto odds-2}_ to 1. 7 to 10 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— s to 2, 7 to 10 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, the Chrysanthemum stakes,
two-year-olds, one mlle^
Name and Wt. Jockeys. Vi- H- %- Str.Fln.
Sea" Lion 123.... T. Burns 3 2 2H 2V. 11.I 1 .
Hittick. 103 McJoynt 0 3 3 3 2
Espionage, 116 Lines 1 IV4 1H 1% 3
L. Planter, 112.. McDonald 2 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:44V4. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Chancery 114 and Evelyn Byrd 100 also ran.
Sausalito oddi* — 6 to 1. 3 to 1 and even.
Track odds— B to 1, 4 to 1 and 11 to 10.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, mile and an eighth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | %. hi- %■ Str. Fin.
Charina, 101 ..McDonald 1 3 3 3 2 I^4
Judge Neville, 93 Lines) 0 0 0 lh 2
•C. Christy. 109.. T. Burns! 1h 2 2 3 3
P. of India. 97. .A. Ward] 2 1113 0 0
Time, l:5BH- Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Kansom 103, Gomez 97, Chiqulta II 81, John
Bell S3 and Judge Steadman i«6 also ran.
Sausalito odds — 6 to 6, 6 to 1 and even.
Track odds— 7 to 5, 7 to 1 and 6 to 8.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, six and a half furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | %. %. Str. Fin.
Sorrow~9S Hothersall| 3 11 l!j 11
Mound City, 102 Gilmore 0 0 0 2 3
Cotton Plant. 101 Lines 13 2 3
•Oath, 108 T. Burns J 2 3 0
Imp. Skate, 109 Caywoodt 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:22. Won handily. Second and third i
driving.
Imp. Skate broke down in this race.
Sausalito odds — 4 to 1, 4 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— 9 to 2, 4 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Seventh race, handicap, six furlongs: |
Name and Weight. Jockeys.l %. %. Str. Fin.
Miss Verne, 80 Houck 0 0 11
Fireside, 106 Lines 0 0 0 2
Dandy H. &0 C. Murphy 0 0 0 3
Verify. 102 J. McDonald 11110 0
•Watchmaker, 98 T. Burns 2 2 t2 0
Silver Set, 102 Giimore 3 3 0 0
Our Nellie, 74 Watson 0 0 3 0
Time, 1:13%. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving.
fWatchmaker fell in the homestretch, shaking
Burns up pretty badly.
Kams'.s 90, Thistle 80 and Mona B 74 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2o to 1. 4 to 1 and 20 to 1.
Track odds — 40 to 1. 5 to 1 and 40 to 1.
•Favorite.
Serrano's Anaconda Handicap.
ANACONDA, Mont., Aug. 27.— Results:
First race, three furlong-s— Dutch won, Rat
tler second, Pat Tucker third. Time, :36.
Second race, selling, nve and a half furlongs
— Howard won, Sallle Goodwin second, Baby
Ruth third. Time, l:10\.
Third race, five furlongs— Montanus won, El
Mldo second, Rey Hooker third. Time, 1:05.
Fourth race, the Anaconda handicap, $1000,
one mile— Serrano won, Pat Morrisey second, >
Grand Sachem third. Time, 1:44.
Fifth race, selling-, two miles — Veloz won,
Twinkle Twink second, McPryor third. Time, I
3:3B'*-
Sixth race, selling, five furlongs— Ciprlano i
won. Ping second, Ternery third. Time, l:18 Vs. '
Highland Park Opening.
BUFFALO, Aug. 27.— The fall meeting of the I
Highland Park Jockey Club was started at
Port Erie track to-day. Results:
First race, six furlongs— Miss Gussie won, |
Jessie second, Trimmer third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, six furlongs — J. E. Cline won,
Prosperous second, Mouselltoff third. Time,
1:16.
Third race, seven furlongs— Nimrod won. Be
guile second, V. R. Customs third. Time,
1:28%.
Fourth race, seven ..urlongs — Lord Favondale
won, Onzeca second, Wenlock third. Time, j
I l:2»Vi.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Nicholas won, j
j Demosthenes second, Tivoli third. Time, 1:2&V4. '
Hixth race, handicap steeplechase, full course, !
about two and a half miles— Parson won, The
Tar second, Roseberry third. Time, 6:t>6.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Take the Keeley ■
■?' For Opium. Morphine and all 2
(r( r other drug addictions. [
8 i 1
8 Take the Keeley I
{For Liquor Craving: It will #
cure the de-sire for stimulants m
of anj kind 4 ■..
] Take the Keeley j
\ For' Tobacco and Cigarette 7
SFor Tobacco and Cigarette : i'
Saoklng. It will make a new
■••■>. man of you. f-rV-T
8'■•; ■ ' *■
I Take the Keeley ] I
[[ If you are suffering from over- '«»
, L: ,: work, -lntcn»e mental strain v#
Jf or extreme nervousness. *
t* * : '-■ - ;' ' -.. 2,.
', I Write for Information. 4
' r THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, j \-'i
■; ', ', 1170 Market Street San Francisco, ■ -:'Wh
S-.'. Donohoe Building.- . : ■ 4
, " 253 M Main Street. l*oa Angeles. #
, - - Vred A. Pollock. Manager. «
Use 9- ; ■ and -
Facial Soap |L^^^ Facial Cream. |
a *i» ' Illness, Care "cause. Wrinkles. Derma- ;
tologist JOHN *H. WOODBURY, 127 West • 42d
«? NY V 163V 163 State St.. ; Chicago, has had over
M 'years' practical experience removing Wrin-
kles. Crow's Feet, etc. No pain. , -..
THE SA^ FUAISrCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
THE EMPOBIUM.
__ <^ *^— 4E~~^tsb ___. -_==_ __=F "" —
Suterb Values r* A /"" 4. A display and saie of household goods impossible for any T-lA < * c . 1 » < Uirvt/4U i rvt/4 V a <nc< The qualities
in Known (Makes. VjOOCi Aj.arpetS» other store west of Chicago. The immense Carpet and : Furn l- ; A^OUSeilOxa l^inenS* tell the story.
o . . . . . '■ „. ;_„ „_.„- name woven : . : 'ture salesroomslon the second floor now occupy more than 60,000 Table Damask, Irish Linen, bleached, 62 inches in _'
on ,'h, b°a WW £ k wiTh b"rf?r° n to matcn-p™ylrd. .",,,. squarefeet of floor space, and the Crockery, House Furnishing, width, patterns well assorted-per yard................. 50c
: ~-™~^™-™^SSE : $J<2s Grocery and Wine and Liquor Department, all adjoining one W»«,"»*
'» Lowell Body Brussels, in all the latest shades *. j-i another, cover one-quarter of ■ the main floor.- .No trashy wares after laundering— per yard.................;.—.-............ $1.00
;' and colorings, with borders to match— per .yard... *v .2 find room here. We can suitably furnish a cottage or a man- Bleached, closely woven Dinner Napkins, both sel- &1 m
: JSS %^SS»SSS^:^-^>-°° sion. Here's a suggestive of prices-Match them if you can. "£ woven fast, 22 inches square- P er dozen $K5O
, lar $1.35 goods— for this sale.. y bb ... ... .r , ,j. ... 'Dinner Napkins, heavy Irish Linen, 24 inches _,- _ rt
■I Full standard Tapestry Brussels io-wire goods, _, Sheets and PiliowCases -^ Gas Lamps. square; beautiful patterns, very special price.perdoz. $2.50
i laid and lined, regularly 90c per yard-for this sale- V?C bheetS and r lllOW UaSeS ;,■ LiaS Lamps. - . Dinner Sets-Fine Table Cloth, 3 yards long, with one
Smith's Tapestry, a good carpet for wear, worm .~ The good' qualities— note r . the low  «=»/ Genuine Welsbach dozen Napkins, 22 inches square, to match— not V- _-.
' 75c yard— for this sale :••;-•• • V prices— Bleached Pillow Cases,, good .-., v'P; Lights, first; quality, '-. many left— to close out at— seU.— $7.50
; Ingrain Carpets, extra quality, in a fine line or -,q muslin, nicely made, ready for use: . JT^'X .complete; like cut, the . Hemstitched Damask Sets, very fine cloth, 3 yards __
, patterns? for this sale— per yard.. " ww 2 2^x?6 inches each '...—loc _^?TaW^S. kind others ask $1.75, long, ; with one dozen Napkins to match— per set— $6.75
'— ~ 25 x 6 inches', each -.12>_c. , „ for » . put : up by cx P« e : Damask Towels— pure flax— pearl bleached, col- _, f, __
-, <» T\ # v *lua Piling r«'« "? fine •"-' " !^l enced fitter for 51.36 ' i o red borders, fringed ends— per dozen $1.75
Curtains and Draperies. _ ■jg'S&JESm** ¥ d^r'^= JoX\T^^\^t^±J^^^Us
The Curtain and Drapery and Art Embroidery Depart- 22^x36 inches, each jH<= «? quality, complete like Turkish Towels— half bleached, very close and heavy,
men's have been combined and now occupy a large space 25 X 36 nches, eacn «c cut, our price for 3 days only 88c warp twisted double, a perfect absorbent, size 22X -.- _ rt
Sr«sv under and back of ladles 'balcony, east side of store. -27 X 36 inches, each 15c , Nq> 2 Lights < other _ , narge 75c. 50 inches-per dozen-.—.. -.—...-............ $2.50
NottUham Lace Curtains, 3« yards long, 60 tf'cn' Bleached Sheets, 2* yards long ; our price. V........'..-..... .—...- 68c Glass- Toweling-18 inches wide, selvedges woven fasti
inches wfde^eavy linen effect.-.--.- $1.50 -inch hem, torn, dry ironed and well Samson Mantles are the best; fit an v_ ■ dose and fine, assorted checks, very special— per A '
Noitineham Lace Curtains, 4 yards long, 60 tf __ made, ready for use: _ . Incandescent gas light; pri«......25c . yard........ •~™r ............; JOe
inches wide, for arches and bay windows — $*•/:> 54 Inches wide, each 32^c No. 2 Mantles, the 20c kind, for ,3 . - —
Irish Point Lace Curtains, 3^ yards long, 50 *-, no 72 inches wide, each JUc ? days only-.....—.. 1 .........lj>c : , Quality and "Dt f -.
inches wide, white or ecru.--— --- ••..•• $3.00.. ;81 inches wide, each— 42^c | Jena-«c Glass Chimneys....... 20c - warmth in these. blankets*
■ Arabian Lace " Curtains yards long, 54 $J2 5Q 90 inches wide, each 47*. xscx 5 c Fireproof Glass Chimneys.... ; .loc. B !ankets-aimo S t all wool, closely woven „ '
h^£B^s^*^ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥^^^^ «aasS£S.SSS2S
s §SnrS^^ri;s-and'Comfo7ieV;-w^^ 36 +*** ■ A FEW ONLY: - ****** !K^l^^^l»
mches-newdesi sns-yard.5 ns-yard. ; ..............-^-. .-y---"9c xx x vv : *»*__ California-made White Blankets (slightly"' imperfect
S th"«£S?rn^™t~* f.?...«tS >^ of the hundreds of best furniture bargains ever **** in S^E^ f a £ value lf they
T^!^^i^^§p s^ offered in California-it would take pages to describe them all-the **4/t .
cBuST TaWe c^TtTia* J* new furniture salesrooms occupy one-half of the entire second floor of the big store.
cninrt* With trin^** Sill -_*^ A • j s . . **"- /»-» iiiLiirs
FSSrVfapestVyVso'S^ ; . : _ . -." *C_iv____3 V'-V spSaf- P^ P ° UndS «
Furniture Tapestry, 50 in- * _ ** p^ ir> .. p per
j£yL^t£ y f -^^^^ WfShtiffi 7sfii&7 $fii& t^^«^3» til tilt \ S D w^Sffi R rS R &
o" in rr c e hel a wlde ry ' <T ITI •• ffl Kf <J L! WE& L flee * een CoVered . fuil si?e,
SafdswWe^ -« either double iLJ L " J/M f\ * '■ >^ __ — II c — _J^3^f pretty brass, '-.^•ed by hand,
per yard, '^ or smaller pi======= =^P a^feff>to) €« V (^S^ft 4R™ ' \WW T^ -^trimmings- aa d
!rr <« with woven wire L I^^ SnVW^Mfll Tf\^flT V\WM ■/■ ufr^K J oil V- I a— bow front — '*, w ar m —
l sc - >« , mattress — venti- - -u\m®s^ jßlll = <IMyL--^ flffr ■■■? — F^l finished with best of lacquer— regularly :-C e ac h..95c
/ lation back — Sold regularly for d_Q WtS^^:^^?!?^^ ICPhC^' Dl^^^^M rffin! $12.00 — .nis size or the narrower ones — <CQ ' 7 5 M
* $12.00 to $15.00— this sale -....4>7#/^ H__S-^^_3) fS^ 'K^_^l if? '^1 fr^r^l m^A t hia week only .....*PO*' J 4
* zincs, etc. either Oak Mahogany or Enamelled made 5-piece parlor enit-in new style of durable tapestry coverings —in a graceful— a large' oval bevel French plate glass on top — could V
"■* R -. r r, ? n7ll°nW alwaS^Bold^ for $_W3W 3 TrT frames -coverings .ilk brocatello- variety } of colors-fine -■ • bought eTseXe for less than P532.00P $32.00 - (t|o OTI 1
£ &Z^^L".*™:..sOC iS^SiS^^'^'^ £tSn i s^'S-SJ9JS regularly 8 o g ldh e r e for s 2s-00-thissaleonly .?JB*OO %, :
♦■ Worth $125.00 — For HO ' *''
♦ .this sale only *V* >J*\J\J 4
* -■'-.-.. •- . Hardoowd Antique fin-; " r . fo~^ iml %
* f!t~^— -n*J!V ■ Dining or Bedroom >s>v V' — — wish ■ ish 3-piece -Bedroom ; Set • Jill iffift'^fMlM H^
a. ' *rf^r*^_»ll Chair like picture— solid fifes __<I__. fV ' X ik^^^Aw. , _k?sC_rfe*_l -• like picture — handsomely ' ..' /o Wlh 'l|«|///i|)) HI 1
♦ 5^?J ' " oak— cane seat — highly fc^^llCNjji - «^^^?f slStf= <^ ~^ B?^^%^^ E-jO ■ carved — highly polished ■ Lp-l^l^Sf $
* leHtOin I polished— would be a bar- ! S~ • -<3g£ *^»' fr^^^^Vi ' ' * !T" v^%" .f > ' f ,a>,,/A —made by one of the best fj !{ <*
>. H gain at 1 26 '7 / >/» * : V "I tlwl- *1 r i. ' Jm^Ls. -"I • - »' /#|; manufacturers of farni- fll *
* II for this sale / -it '£_g"" ~af WOT -"H |{^ ' -^^^S^.. [__ n ] jfJ^S ' *" c in Grand 8 ' fFTSw 2
5 Fine Solid Oak 7-piece //"" AV^^S^raL U»— R -^=-f ,1 '■ ' ' "j f ■'■""" \- ~- • jkv 20x22 inches ] 2
* ' C&-=^>^ Bedroom : Suit — bed — ; - CLjld SB '"^ ■ ■ *\- ' L ' '■_===' ' "' .li 4^—r- -^^_!__^ ~<>\ —worth $25— <£fP _________|____=^ *
* fp^g^^p^ bureau— dresser— table- -■ J^^ ' >Y"*^^liFt ii'^nT \}**^ "^=_t/ Tp"' _J» ~llp*' ? ""^r for this 5a1e...... "^ > *-' f^^^^Srf 2^ *
* f^'SSfr^ French beveled glass — , *I^_'"" ifu^r^ l^ "r—^i'i Large . Kitc_en Table — 2 flour iI.- - ■' »-»',, .., — - • ;-' ' This fine > solid quarter- I F^Tfl I *
& !N^ == liLjT- bureau serpentine shape V*~ n — V =^=>cj-=fc= s , ■***'• |__X '■:] bins — drawers — 1 cutting board : viwwMKs '— J/V '" '" ' ' *", sawed Oak box seat Din- i\ V^TUT^ '- i\ X
a : /h = sl Frr* fc^l —elaborate carvings — _" -=. KM _t~f-~_SH») and 1 moulding board "* ";1 • i - ing Chair --worth $2.25 nW \v  \ ,£,
X // : Hi i high : finish — worth at r>> "T ** ll'— I "■*-'. >, — the $2.50 kind — « "f 7^ -^Hs* .V ; : or this week <£ 4 ' >f r\ " >J>_^ V X
(it- ;: . . . least $42 50-this 2f\ * fir* ,T —* U. ' , ' for this sale... ....... .."r^V " v v - V , 0n1y«,.........4>>*^iU j,,^ "'" \Ls» *'
* [U U sale .\..4>.JU iM^ *
fr ~ S - = x_fo" "■» *i ' '•^_T T^S-- rangementa with an Eastern manu- |l|^S_»«^^i'^-»^i^fc4i/ «=3a i.?'
\ _ I" in - ' facturer to produce for us a rug to take /~jl (j IB ||^^ # *
♦• . = * \J_- ' - ' : - ' the place of the Japanese— superior in _ . . ' /Mm?/ ■ ill// IK) _?^
■'^ ' L _______$ pJ^IQISSLirA " Hair Mattress made in two pieces— quality— serviceable and reversible — Clipper edge Couch wide and roomy \WA >^ All I!/ -r '^
>■ A(|=~J^i-^&^S^^M bo that they may be easily handled— an size 12x9 feet — for this sale $15.00. covered in a variety of colors in Velours _)|{jj_l-p jQ|g)J ' •» ■
'% . af W^^^T r. ■ extra, quality of good springy, hair— Extra quality Linen Warp Matting re- a "d Corduroy— <£H JZf\ . g3~^__y " ==^c5 | - ' .•■»"•. .\ -
C_L=*- ut>-:u t>-: v these $12 Mattresses made (JO TH duced for this sale from 35c per yard $12.00— this 5a1e.. ...... \p/*>j\J \*** 0~~0 ~~ V S-' ' ■& - ':
> UU * F " to order during this sale for 4>O»3U to 25c. „, o . .. . <<t -. ... _ £
' This Stylish King Arthur" round J^
The '♦" This ; square -'- Oak Dining . m_ w - a^_>v' >^i»v _/^2\. -— - - -^-^^ Dining Table — solid quarter Sawed |f- '^ TTfi/»
The %_ T 1153 B(^ are Sohd °, ak 11^ m __^-__-J\ 9^ - > Oak— heavy carved legs— high fin- If lhf>
£;■; frj Table will seat 10 people comfort- ff "^^TIH W/^^ztZrjM brilliantly polished-seats 12 > L 11C
NCW \ 'ably when extended and » worth llWffir- <^^^-=^___=_^ W£L-j3\\ people - regularly $23.00 - J> D
Crockery \ $ c &?^ i^ "* "^ flfl „_, solid oak jfe^f fe^ fOrthiBM ' e ' / BeSt
Department. V $6.50 l|l SsSSSSTJS ftfflSS 22353553 T _^5I $18.00 y Liquors.
On the main floor, % . I J|iLuil H —regular price $2.35 \V\ ii * sri "- ' saa «4 /// glass— brass handles -^ ■ ,- . J*'
west side, back of ro-;*^ i^__^^3 — for this sale /*^ ~~" "^ ~"\ . an( trimmings regu- -T. , *] , Wr Family wine and
tunda, the largest, t most % , SrsSi_- <Ci QC Aiu^-j iujs. m |arly $12.00— during *r - I ' J> Liquor Department
convenient in the West— '++ l^^_^^&:>» d)L«Oj F^« f^*.- : this sale \ - — " ,JF ? . -^ *!•_^^r-___
a most interesting exhibitor *• . f^^^3 , S"~^ —^ '|^- <ttnt^ > *' .^ now a part of the Gro-
"the pottery and glassmak- % n>i&'^P I L^7T. '^ «4>>U#>3 ~~ ~~"~ ''< _> eery section — stocks im-
ers'art. . , «„. '^_f^^J ; ; fl\ iJL fc—^ ' " lr*^^^Ml IT" proved— prices reduced. *-.:
English Semi-Porcelain Tea S:t, V. \JT^ = ; • ( /__Ml > -^-1 / _.* *Old Crow Whisky, iB9o, $4.50
tor six people.. $3.50 N. ttT MJI A** Keegan's Scotch or- Irish Whisky— -
_^-(^-v ■ This large Sideboard— 43-lnche3 wide— 6tand3 7 feet high— solid quarter sawed oak— _.** t-«< .bottle.-........—...— -•••— ; ..SLOO
jo* tik&k%T\ /> ' Wolf **«' ■ handsomely carved— beveled glass— plushlined .-; <fc'> / > /r/S ,*.** rilie Hennessy's 3*star Cognac — bot-_-
,_CT/V^ 'Vk^ Wail **^- . cutlery drawer-worth $30-for this sale $ZZ.DU a A** tle..-.v.-. .-^ •• .--•.• $L 7°
/f^^V^^B H?f( -: -Paper, ." **«««««,,.._. •; . : ' : ; AA ******** : Silver House Furnishings.
lra|few^a^4fe\ WindowShadesand >t<f ***t*#**«**4****«********* ' Plated Ware. Germ ,n Emery Knife Sharpeners.. «Oc
WinaOWOnadeSana lld ICtl Ware* O ne-burner Gas Stove-economical
<^^-S^S/^^r Prepared House Paints. Groceries/^t^pesi The handsome new department in : PlP^lliiiSI 5
Alfred Meakin's Royal S-mi-Porce- -^reparCO ITIOUSe I^aUITS. (jtOCCntS. 'Best Cheapest. Rotunda, West side, -shows a com- Porc .f 1 I l ln .j rea ° r ni ,n? 50c
lain Dinner Sets, dainty pink decora- : The Wall Pa D DeDartm-nr is nnw - . , piete stock of all that is needed on the ... w ! 1 n °' d °" c V^i" "Roller"" for
tions, prettily fashioned- Vloclted^Sd flwr?E.™t?ldl"b?; Send or . ask for our monthly table at popular prices. - . W S e Wo ° d T.^ ..........! V
103 pieces for people' 745 tween Elevator an , Carpet Depart-.' Grocery. Catalogue of lowest prices. -^Triple plated top; A ■. . . VKV Ki en KniveVaod Forks, per pair., 10c
E^KrfilwtL'rnTTeaCup'fand I tT'ieadYn^ turer'^nd'Tn Free, city or. country. Direct Grdcery 6u*ter oSh."! 75c j»" Set of three ,• ;P; P .^
Saucers-P.arl. Brown an Pink col- Monday • wHI Commence showing an Telephone South 59- V • f \- Quadruple plated _^%^ Oak Towel HJ^^j
ors-perdrzen :-:...— .......... $1.30 extensive aL'rtmeTS th^neU" ; Best Burbank Potatoes, too 1b5.. 51.25 em Dossed \ Butter -^booomoo^U. 'r""^ i '^miS J^^^
Carlsbad China Tea Cups and desiens of Wall ; Papers produced for Washing Soda, 25 lbs-— --25c Dish, with *. 95 %-^^^F AgoodCottee .mm,^\^ Wh<i
Saucers prettily decorated in green, the Fall and Winter trade. . • ' .Standard Oysters, i's tin 5...... 8c knife rest- -73 Ne^M_^^ ; >TheUatest V^tent'^K^K^^
P 'KS^: Handsome Parlor, Library, Hal, 5° -^std Dish, bright cut, %i KN^I
Beautifully decorated China. Fruit and Dining-room Papers, per r011... .. Extra Yellow bplit Peas, lb--...-3c satin finish, witn knife < .-_ ft CreamWhip2oc J^>
and Bread and Butter Plates, late im .—:----- — ... »c to 25c Eastern Rolled Oatsrlb.:--...--3c re5t.........--- $_..t>U Hand carved Bread
portation, 5 and 6 inches dlam?"r— 4 '.-,: Gilt Combinations of unusual merit Golden Rule Cane Syrup, ga110n. ..45c 5- Bottle Dinner Caster, bright QR _ Board ...... «c
per dozen. ..............$1.50 per roll----— ..............6c to lOc - .Quart Bottles Washing Ammonia...Be cur. good pattern... ..---- ..-.70C ; . Steel hnamel Col- '-,«,.
Hanley's English S?mi-PorcelainVib- - Glimmers Micas and Color FffArtQ Choice Loose Black Figs, 1b.::;..-. 5c Quadruple plate Dinner Caster, >- nder ' large 5ize........... ..,.......~;J5c
piece Chamber Sets, in ail co!ors;s2.so- :^irM^:^.^!:..M&^7&^ Ex-ra Saeo lb .. .. ...V 4c brig.it cut, satin finish, 5 bot- _ Wire Pants Stretchers-prevents,
■ A new line of Metloch Beer Minx;— .pcr.roii— -.—..... ..3c.i07i^c txira bago, id.-. ......... ............ *c ,j - , ..... V....;.;.......:.. yZ.Zb bagging at the knee— preserves ■.
oddSn&B7c^upw^.- & .A.fulllineof.popularshadesMnln-, 3 Best Imported Castile,; Soap, large ;; ! Ue QuaJrupie plate Tea Set, 4 pieces, ; : crease-natr-^ ....:..^...-....35c
' Thin-blown Water Tumblers of the IF?*? ; Wlth . matched ; Friezes ; and ; ..; bar ..........—-.. .15c bright cut, satin; i sugar and .- - . 4-quart/ Steel "■ Enamel Saucepan
best quality of class— per d0zen. ...40c Ceilings at lowest prices. / •-, Le Court Mushrooms, i's tins 24c creamer gold lined/...--— $0.30 with tin cover -30c
•■ >,—- — ,_ . Plain Glass Tankard ' Give our celebrated Prepared House, Shepp's Cocoanut— j._-lb pkgs, 14cj. Fancy Pattern Rogers Bros.' t| -_. 10-quart Steel Enamel, Kettle, with
|^C__^ Jugs'— 14 pt., 25c; 1 - Points a trial. You will find them Hb pUgs— - .——•".» ...... ———28 c 1847 A 1A 1 Tea Spoons, set of 6. <pl.oo bale handle and tin
K?=====s*_l pt., >.' 35c ; I*4 pt., 40c; 2 -?s? s the very '.best that can be made for Arm & Hammer.'Schilling's or Cow Fancy Pattern Rogers Bros.' 1847' _ l/^_s> _ c0ver.............. s ?c? c
L^fTJxAj Pts., 4<;c; 1% pts., 50;; 3- '" the money— per gallon SI and $1.35 : : Brand Soda,lb.~.:..i....————— 6c A 1A 1 Table Spoons and Forks, *- _ n nVt^mY^Jl SteeJ hnamel Dnnk-
. VW\W pts., 70c 53^ pts., 80c. Window Shades 15c and upward. ' Best English Wainuts, 1b....... .— — 10c set of 6...:.:.. .... ........ •• .pZ./U \y v^\ y7 incr Cup... ... '-•r'^]
\* 7 French Glass Wines, -'• \ * " ' ' " ' ~ ' " ■ fL-ZI-H 4-quart ' Coal : Oil
li in m.* ucsi/,n 'per qoz" . * , . His h»9 R______tf p^^^ • _■ ? HQ _flf biPlkSh^; 4- 41 *- "-" » c ~ (\(\
/^<_tN Polished- Glass Footed" i j m |9 W* ___r^ _■ _, A_-_k » «r^ ™T HE • j ■- '..^S= 5" inch Fine Wire
:W3^ Fr* Bowis^ach.- 40? grandest store. C ~;. Oolden Rule Bazaar. "^ mam entrance. ■ ■ W«_^J . ■ 5:ramer............. s c
Send for Our Fully Illustrated 128-Page Fall and Winter Catalogue.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
5
THE EMPOBIUM.6
___m_ I
SUNDAY AUGUST 28, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .- '
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^ I
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .....Market and Third Sts.. S. F. \
Telephone Main 18G8.
EDITORIAL 800M5....... 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
•-■■-■■' Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO call (DAILY AND SUNDAY) is
' served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
I for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
'65 cents. : f -;';! ______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE — ....90S Broadway |
MEW YORK OFFICE. .Room 188, World Building I
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl.&a Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ••• ........Marquctte Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative. ■
■
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 j
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- 1
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market 1
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock* '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana :
Kentucky streets.' open until 9 o'clock- j
AMLS EMENTS,
ColumWa— "On Proontlon "
Alcazar— -The Merchant of Venlo© '
Moroeeo's— -Ordeal of Two Sistera '
Tivoll— "La Gloconda "
Orpheum Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville. Opening 1
Saturday, September 8.
Clympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streetß— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair,
Sutro'a Baths— Swimming.
Kecreatlon Park— Baseball this afternooik
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
State Fair— Sacramento. Sepieir.ber 5.
THE PEACE COMMISSION.
WHILE the reports may have been true that the
President found much difficulty in his efforts
to get strong representative men to serve on
the Peace Commission, it is certain he succeeded in
the task. We may have sonre reason to complain be
cause no representative of the Pacific Coast was
appointed, but the nation at large will be well satis
fied to leave the settlement of the issues arising out
of the war to such men as Secretary Day, Senators
Frye and Davis, Justice White and Embassador Reid.
Strong as the commission is it will have no strength
to spare when it comes to grapple with the Spanish
officials in the field of diplomacy and undertakes the
task of bringing the controversy to a speedy conclu
sion. It is Spanish nature under all circumstances to
do nothing to-day that can be postponed until to
morrow, and in the present emergency the natural
tendency to delay will be augmented by a thousand
motives of pride, exasperation and the hope that by
prolonging the talk something may occur which will
redound to the benefit of Spain and impel us to grant
some of her many claims.
Statements recently made by Sagasta show the
policy the Spanish representatives will pursue when
the commission assembles. "The peace question,"
said the Spanish Premier, "is at present very compli
cated. The Paris conference will settle the Philippine
question, and will also arrange commercial treaties by
which Spanish goods may obtain tariff advantages in
Cuba and Porto Rico in exchange for similar ad
vantages given to the Americans in the Philippines."
As if there were not enough impudence displayed in
this cool assumption that Spain has either the right
or the power to arrange tariffs in the Philippines in
exchange for favors granted in the West Indies, Sa
gasta went on to say that while Spain will surrender
Cuba and Porto Rico it will claim all Governmental
property in the islands, including national buildings
of all kinds, and will insist in having a voice in the
settlement of such civil and criminal cases as are now
pending in the courts. Spain, it is further announced,
will stand firm against assuming the payment of any
part of the Cuban debt. Finally she will maintain
that the. Philippines are still legally her possessions
because the surrender of Manila did not take place
until after the protocol of peace was signed.
It will be readily seen that if the American Com
missioners consent to discuss these propositions the
end of the conference will not occur during the few
years that are left of this century. The Commission
ers in debating such a multitude of claims through the
slow processes of diplomacy will remain in Paris to
see the exposition of 1900 and still remain there when
it closes. Negotiation on such a basis will be as long
drawn out as that of a European concert, and the re
sults will probably be as ineffective.
Fortunately the American Commissioners are men
who are not likely to give much consideration to these
Spanish claims. The Philippines, as well as Cuba and
Porto Rico, are in our hands. The Government prop
' erty is ours as much as the soil of the country in
which the property stands. It is for us to offer terms
and for Spain to accept the offer or renew the fight.
So far from being a complicated problem, as Sa
gasta asserts, the making of this peace is one of the
simplest problems ever submitted to diplomats.
Several instigators of a prize-fight in New York
have been arrested because one of the principals hap
pened to get killed in the ring. For some reason this
course is taken after each similar event, the law ap
parently deeming it a necessity to make a bluff of
caring how many pugilists die with their gloves on.
A. J. Drexel, the Philadelphia banker, is to have a
$1,000,000 yacht, to which he has a perfect right, and
for which he will doubtless pay cash. But it is to be
built abroad, and there is no reason why it should not
have been built in this country.
The Spanish paper which says that England wishes
the United States to annex the Philippines so as to
have them for a British base of operations against
France and Russia would better guess again.
When the Democratic section of the fusion plat
form refers to the good deeds of all the Democratic
successors to Jefferson in the Presidency does it in
clude Grover Cleveland?
It is demonstrated that California is a citrus belt
from Siskiyou to San Diego. It is all one State, one
climate and one orange, and the fusionists are not
going to suck it, either.
Perhaps it would be wise for Alger to keep the
volunteers in service until the differences between
himself and the rest of the War Department have
been settled.
Germans are charging that American flour is
adulterated with meal. If it is, the trade will be lost to
this- country, and serve the dishonest speculators
rightly.
If England and China really open hostilities the
latter will learn to regard the affair with Japan as a
mere incident
DR. SANGRADO MAGUIRE.
UNTIL he became a candidate for Governor
Judge Maguire had but one remedy for all the
evils of society, and that was the single tax.
Sangrado bled for all disease, and Maguire proposed,
by bleeding the land-owner, to abolish crime, poverty
and all unrighteousness without regard to any moral
change in the personal character of men.
On account of the single tax he bolted the Demo
cratic party in 1886, and for that he kicked and de
feated Hastings, Ferral and McCoppin in succession
as Democratic candidates in his Congressional dis
trict. In each of these bolts against the Democratic
ticket he was aided and abetted by his next friend,
Barry, who is now the Democratic candidate to suc
ceed him in Congress. In addition to all these bolts
and betrayals of Democracy, in 1887 he by letter per
manently withdrew from the Democratic party be
cause it would not indorse the single tax. For that he
cursed and quit it, remarking, as he left, that it was
a rather nasty party any way, with which no honest
man or gentleman could safely associate. Now, as
he found the Democratic party unfit to stay with in
1887 because it did not indorse the single tax, why
does he go back to it now? Has it indorsed the sin
gle tax by indorsing him?
Until now in everything Judge Maguire has written
or said the single tax appears as inevitably as the
head of Charles lin the essays of Mr. Dick. He left
his seat in Congress to make long single-tax cam
paigns in Delaware and boasted that he had broken
down the Democratic party of that State by raising
the single tax issue. He lately addressed the single
taxers of the State of Washington, saying the single
tax is the sole issue worthy the support of a good
citizen. No longer ago than the 18th of last February
(see Congressional Record, V01.31, N0. 54), discussing
the bankruptcy bill, he said: "In the course of my
remarks on the floor to-day I referred briefly to the
causes of bankruptcy in the United States, and ex
pressed the opinion that legislation for the relief of
ruined merchants and others who are carrying on the
wealth-producing and wealth-distributing enterprises
of our country is a poor substitute for legislation that
would remove the great universal cause of nearly all
I the unmerited distress and bankruptcy among our
' people." Then quoting Henry George on effects of
I the single tax, he said: "Socialists, Populists and
I charity-mongers, the people who would apply little
I remedies for a great evil, are all barking up the wrong
: tree. The Upas of our civilization is our treatment of
I land. It is that which is converting even the march
'< of invention into a blight. Thtrt is but one cure Jor
■ business deprission, there i% no other: that is the single tax. 1 '
If these were his convictions only seven months
i'ago, is he honest in becoming the candidate of three
j parties which fuse upon the single proposition that
the free coinage of silver is the one cure for business
depression?
Fusion here and everywhere is upon free silver as
i the panacea, but seven months ago Judge Maguire
said there was but one remedy, and that not free sil
1 ver, but the single tax. If that were true then why is
'it not true now? If free coinage of silver then were
I the remedy for business depression, why did he say
the single tax was? *
Does Judge Maguire believe in free coinage of sil
! ver? Does he believe it will cause the economic re
i form declared to be its purpose by Mr. Bryan, Con
gressman Towne, Coin Harvey and its other pro
ponents? If he does so believe his single-tax theory
lis a myth and sham. If his single-tax theory is true
then free silver is a lie and a sham.
Is there anything.honest in this free silver fusion on
I a candidate who denies that there is any remedy for
business depression except the single tay, and by that
denial repudiates free silver?
THE WAR DEPARTMENT SCANDALS.
WHETHER true or false, the many reports of
mismanagement on the part of the War De
partment have now reached proportions of
such magnitude that neither the administration nor
Congress can afford to ignore them. What at first
j were but little more than mutterings coming from
■ obscure sources have grown to the clamors arising
< from all sides. Dispatches from the East teem with
statements of blunders or worse, committed in the
! conduct of the war, and some of these are of a nature
that compel attention even from persons most skep
tical of general rumors.
As the matter stands the complaints concerning the
j ill usage of the troops at the front and at the various
; camps established in the Eastern States have been
; made the basis of sensational attacks upon the Secre
, tary of War and the commanding general. The result
'■ has been that the whole subject is involved in such
a mass of self-evident exaggerations that the fair
! minded citizen cannot distinguish what is true from
\ what 4 false, and finds it difficult to decide whether
! the evils were caused by wrongdoing or were the in
evitable outcome of an effort to hasten the war to a
swift conclusion instead of proceeding slowly and
taking ample time for preparation.
In this condition of affairs the public should be on
' guard against the attempts that are being made in
I certain quarters to array one set of officials against
j another. It will be remembered that the yellow jour
; nals not long ago endeavored to place Sampson and
', Schley in conflict, and at one time went so far as to
assert that the two heroes were personally antago
nistic. A similar attempt is now being made to array
! General Miles against the Secretary of War and to
j provoke them to mutual recrimination.
Up to this time all these efforts to embroil high
1 officials in the scandal have failed. To a reporter who
i asked him what answer he had to make to certain
statements said to have been given out by Miles Sec
retary Alger replied: "I have seen what was in the
papers about General Miles' reported utterances, his
i demand for an investigation, and charges about with
held or garbled messages, and I will say frankly I
j don't believe a word of it. I don't believe he ever
1 said it."
The answer was in every respect proper. If Miles
has charges to make they should be formulated and
submitted in an official report. It is certainly not
credible that he has made grave complaints reflecting
upon the War Department to irresponsible persons
and sent them out in a form easily subject to the ex^
aggerations and misrepresentations of every one who
repeats them.
That much suffering among the troops has resulted
from the insufficiency of the supplies furnished them
may be accepted as fully proved, but that the amount
of the suffering and the degree of insufficiency of sup
plies have been grossly exaggerated is beyond ques
tion. What is needed now, therefore, is an investiga
tion that will separate the truth from the falsehood
and make clear the real condition of things. It will
then be possible to determine whether the War De
partment has been mismanaged or whether it has
done the best that could have been done in making
ready a volunteer army and hurrying it to the front
in order to close the war before the yellow fever sea
son began in the West Indies. Such an investigation
I is imperative, and the sooner it is begun the better.
Of course Major McLaughlin will be chairman of
the Republican State Central Committee. There is
no one else who would exactly fill the bilL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
DEOTH ACCORDING TO FICTION.
THE death of Rev. A. P. Dodge of Georgia was
sufficiently different from the ordinary style of
shuffling off to merit notice. Mr. Dodge, aside
from being a minister of the gospel, was very rich,
and could afford to indulge his foibles. Among these
was the preservation'of the body of his first wife. The
lady had left her tenement of clay some fifteen years
before, and stipulated that it should be preserved un
til he had left his own, at which time the two should
be buried side by side. Mr. Dodge not only agreed
to this, but got a new wife to help him watch over the
first.
Suddenly the minister was told by his physician
that there remained to him of life a period not much
over fifteen minutes. Dodge was not rattled. Indeed,
he did not seem to care particularly. Instead of grow
ing maudlin or preternaturally pious he ordered
glasses and wine, and upon their arrival proposed a
toast to the long life and prosperity of all present.
Then he sank back on his pillow and his soul took
flight to regions where human judgment may not fol
low.
This is not the style of death which is expected
from the truly good, and certainly not the sort in
which a minister of the gospel is supposed to indulge.
It breaks clear away from old traditions and .follows
the pattern laid down in recent fiction of which "Quo
Vadis" is a sample. We hope Dodge will rest well
and that the bones of Mrs. Dodge No. i, having
found a grave after all these years, will enjoy the same
boon. As to No. 2, she is entitled to double condo
lences. May the fortune left by the two deceased
bring to her a measure of comfort.
THE WAR AS A PUBLIC BLESSING.
ALL the world has by this time recognized that
our war with Spain has resulted in a benefit to
humanity. Even the Spaniards themselves
doubtless perceive in their lucid intervals a distinct
profit in getting rid of colonies that were a source of
corruption in their politics and the cause of wars that
entailed heavy taxation upon their people. As for the
other nations of Europe they are so well aware of the
benefits growing out of our victories and conquests
that they are devising ways and means of getting a
share of them and getting it early.
There is then no question of the good resulting from
the war, as it affects the larger destinies of mankind
and the development of industry and commerce. These
larger issues, however, by no means include all the
benefits flowing from the victories we have achieved.
There are some of a minor nature of sufficient import
ance to attract attention and merit notice. Two of
these are reported from New York, and may be cited
as examples of the whole group.
The first is the development of a genuine patriotism
in a class of people who have been in the past more or
less indifferent to their duties to the nation. Colonel
John Jacob Astor, it appears, affords a striking illus
tration of this. It is reported that while serving in
the army he saw the need of the Government for
money, and learned by companionship with his com
rades in the field how hard is the struggle for exist
ence among a large proportion of his fellow-citizens.
He thereupon determined that hereafter he would pay
the full measure of taxes upon his estate, and since his
return home has ordered his agents to go over the list
of his holdings, properly appraise them and make a
return, which it is said will result in largely increasing
his taxes.
A more curious benefit is reported by a New York
physician, who asserts that-,a large number of persons
who would have died during the depressing heat of
the summer, under ordinary conditions, managed to
gain strength and live by reason of the animation with
which they were inspired by the outbreak of war and
the glorious victories that followed. Patriotic ardor
was the medicine that roused them and bore them
safely through the crisis of disease. According to this
authority more people were saved by the war than
were killed in its battles, and as a vitalizer and health
preserver the hundred days of hostilities were more
efficacious than any nerve* tonic on the market.
A question whether it was worth while to go to war
to attain these minor benefits is not pertinent to the
issue. Of course it would not be expedient as a gene
ral rule to whip a foreign nation every time we wished
to make an Astor pay his taxes, nor to call out 200,
000 volunteers and set all the brass bands of the coun
try playing patriotic airs for the purpose of bracing
up the languid invalids of the sweltering East. It
would be cheaper to let the big man dodge taxes
as usual and to help the sick by sending them to
spend the summer in California, where the air is al
ways invigorating, and where, according to Edison,
the waters endow the human liver with so much vi
tality that after death of the man the liver has to be
killed with a club.
Nevertheless these minor benefits are worth adding
to the sum total of what has been gained by our
"pleasantness" with Spain. A new thrill of life spirit
ual and physical has been felt in New York, and in
the rest of the country as well. Let us therefore re
joice and cheer ourselves on this delightful day of rest
by indulging the hope that these good effects will be
as lasting as those produced in the world of politics
and government.
Members of the Federal Court have no need for
personal worry over the circumstance that the Gov
ernment building here is not to be built in accord
with their ideas. At the rate the structure promises
to progress it will not be occupied until the present
generation shall have passed away, and gray-haired
jurists, as yet unborn, be wearing the gowns of office.
Ex-Secretary Sherman may be old and out of polit
ical life, but he occasionally makes remarks to which
the country is ready to listen. In his objections to the
way American soldiers have been treated there is not
the slightest evidence of dotage.
It appears that the American soldier killed recently
in the streets of Cavite brought his own fate upon
himself by discharging a revolver when there was not
the slightest occasion for doing so. There is no
profit in getting too gay.
Americans will not tolerate abuse of American sol
diers. The country pays to have them properly cared
for, and if they do not get the care the responsible
persons may expect a large dose of trouble.
Two young shoplifters have been dismissed with a
reprimand. There was no doubt as to their guilt, but
they did not claim to be victims of kleptomania, and
naturally the court felt kindly toward them.
Admiral Sampson may attend the peace jubilee at
Omaha, and he would be certain of a hearty greet
ing. Sampson knows a thing or two about the best
modern methods of creating peace.
There does not seem to be ground for the positive
statement that no more troops are to be sent to Man
ila. Aguinaldo's old followers may yet have to have
some sense knocked into them.
Anarchy is said to be prevalent in Porto Rico, which
is now virtually a part of the United States. There
might be such a thing as undue haste in calling our
soldiers borne.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
To say aught ag-ainst a woman is
never a pleasing task; but when a
woman descends from her high estate
to become an unholy and unclean wan
ton, polluting her environment with
the utter foulness of a total and irre
deemable depravity, her sex no longer
protects her. To permit it to do so
would be a wrong to others. I do not
refer to the outcast, for misfortune
may have been her lot, and charity ex
tends to her a hand, knowing her to
be no worse than some to whom is
permitted still to wear the cloak of
respectability. I refer particularly to
that wretched and despicable creature,
Margaret L. Shepherd, who parades
her own infamy for money, and while
doing so professes to be a reformer. In
her chosen task she slanders women
the hem of whose raiment she is not fit
to touch, and in telling of the lewdness
of Sisters of Charity, one of whom she
professes to have been, lies with a
venom unequaled, and shows a black
ness of heart never exceeded by thetra
ducer of innocence. Lost to all shame,
dead to the impulses which stir wom
anhood and purity, her words are the
words of the abandoned. A slanderer,
a liar, a mischief-maker, she deserves
the scorn of men, the loathing of
women. I can write this fairly be
cause all the traditions of my youth
were of the severest type of Protest
antism. In the town whew I was reared
there was no Catholic church, and as a
boy I had no idea that a Catholic looked
and acted like any one else. It was my
boyish notion that Catholics were of a
separate type. But later in life there
came to me a knowledge that Catholics
and Protestants serve one Master, only
through different form, are touched by
kindred emotions, are under the same
flag, love the Sams' country and the
same God. I have learned to revere
the unselfish devotion of the Sisters,
their courage, their kindness and their
whiteness of soul, and I abhor such
vermin as this Shepherd, a tonguing
strumpet, unfit to associate with de
cency and beyond the desire of reform.
That she can find profit in selling her
wares is a reproach to our civiliza
tion.
• • •
E. B. P.: You mistake my purpose
entirely if you think I would criticize
an article with Intent to cause the
writer pain. To demonstrate my sin
cerity, the article in question shall be
passed over without a word of com
ment.
• • *
A woman 32 years of age, the mother
of eight children, has killed herself
rather than become the mother of the
ninth. I do not blame her overmuch,
and yet her course seems a little hard
as to the eight already born. She
should have paused to reflect that the
youngsters were not to blame.
Doctors surely ought to know more
than ordinary people about the rules
of health, and probably do, but the
knowledge does not seem to do them
any good. I have noticed with sur
prise that they die as readily as though
the art of healing had never been prac
ticed. "Within the last few months
there have been lost to San Francisco
by death Doctors Stanton, Lovelace
and Morse, all young men, all physi
cians of standing, and the last at least
of eminence in the medical and surgi
cal world: To me It is inexplicable
that men should study to cure dis
ease, and live so as to promote it and
become Its early victims. The three
mentioned had hardly passed half the
allotted span of life.
Readers will bear with a few words
about the Republican convention, or
such as feel they cannot may skip this
paragraph. Tn line of du^y I had at
tended the Democratic pow-pow, and
returned with a deep and abiding dis
gust for the outfit, which was neither
Democratic, Republican, Populist nor
a wholesome combination. It named
a ticket which is destined to be licked,
partly because it deserves this fate and
partly that the Republicans have been
shrewd enough to put up a better one.
But neither gathering had special rea
son to feel proud of itself. I had ex
pected at the latter to hear many good
speeches, and to get spellbound, but
out of the dozens delivered there were
not above four appealing to any emo
tion save ennui, and one of these was
delivered by General Barnes, who was
there only as a spectator, and kindly
filled in an interval which Reuben Lloyd
had created by lingering over lun^h.
Another was the address of Davis in
nomination of Gage. It was finished,
scholarly, incisive, giving evidence of
nicety In preparation of phrases; in
construction and delivery the work of
an elocutionist, not an orator. The
best speech from a delegate was that
of T. B. Hutchinson in behalf of Judge
Buckles, the Judge subsequently going
down to honorable defeat. I must also
advert to the remarks of Van Duzer
and the witty monologue of Matlock.
Otherwise the talk was not only com
monplace, but most of It without ex
cuse, the speakers merely desiring to
place themselves on exhibition. ,As to
detail of the convention. It was so com
pletely covered by the exhaustive re
ports of The Call that nothing remains
to say. The subject was introduced
simply to lead up to the status of Sac
ramento as a convention city.
Sacramento was the very essence of
hospitality. The citizens had decor
ated the Pavilion to a place of beauty
and charm. The weather was not se
verely hot, for Sacramento, and much
of the perspiration shed was due either
to the outflow of oratory or the re
ceipt of the same. Nights were cool
and under their somnolent influence
the crickets reposed and permitted vis
itors to sleep when there happened to
be leisure for an experience so common-
place. But If Sacramento is to con
tinue to be a convention city it must
provide hotel facilities. Ido not see
why It cannot have as .good a hotel
as Los Angeles, San Jose, Santa Cruz
or other Californian towns. Why
should Fresno and San Rafael excel it
in this respect? Never having been
at Milpltas, I do not know how it com
pares with Sacramento, but am will
ing to bet against the superiority of
the capital. People familiar with Sac
ramento for twenty-five years aay ho
tel accommodations were better at the
beginning of that period than they are
now. People do not go to a conven
tion expecting the comforts of a Coro
nado or a Del Monte. They go in
spired by a high and holy patriotism
and to get In the way of a possible
stroke of lightning. But a bed is a
necessity, and the patriots do want
something to eat, together with ser
vice not distinctly promotive of pro
By HENRY JAMES
fanity. Delegates to both conventions
this year swore long and loudly that
they would not again submit to the im
position constituted by a fifth-class
caravansary and a first-class rate. W?re
the matter left to me I would select
any other town in the State, provided
it had as many as fifteen thousand in
habitants, rather than go another time
to Sacramento. This is said in all kind
ness to the people there. They are not
directly to blame, and yet the subject is
one for them to agitate as a measure
of self-protection. Some day a hun
gry legislator rising, caloric, from the
table to which a haughty waiter has
declined tb bring his order, will intro
duce a resolution, or something, to re
move the capital to some other town,
naturally choosing one with a hotel,
and the resolution will not be a bluff
such as scared Sacramento a few years
ago. And the city is in even greater
danger of losing its conventions than
the seat of government.
• • •
"An American." You seem to be a
vicious sort of an idiot. Please waste
no more postage on me.
Among the recommendations of Mr.
Curry for the office of Secretary of
State is the fact that the Examiner op
poses him. I can never divorce my
self from the notion that any person
or thing which has won the disappro
bation of Andy Lawrence is, to that
extent, admirable.
Phil Francis of Stockton had the te
merity to jump on the bard of Visalia
and was promptly hit over the head
with a loaded lyre. I hope for his own
sake he will now consent to be good.
There are but few who have dallied
with that bard and come out of it un
scathed.
• • •
Professor Charles Eliot Norton has
been talking again. As a humble
American citizen, I wish he would stop.
It is not pleasing to know that a man
eminent in educational circles, having
access to the ear of youth, and influ
ence great enough so that his words
find their way into print, should have
every element of the traitor save the
redeeming one of courage to take up
arms against his country, whose pa
triotism he flouts, whose achievements
he belittles and whose purposes he im
pugns. Next to the thieving contrac
tors who robbed the soldiers and the
thieving officials who despoiled them of
what the hands of charity had loving
ly bestowed, the war with Spain has
developed no character quite so des
picable as that of the Norton individ
ual. He deserves perpetual exile, and
I am sorry there is not a statute fitted
to mete out to him that which he de
serves.
• • *
There is a Democratic tendency to
slobber over Gavin McNab because he
declined a Congressional nomination.
Men who will do a thmg like this "for
the sake of principle are not to be
found every day in the week," proclaims
one admirer. To those who do not, like
myself, abhor slang, here is afforded
an opportunity to cry "rats." There
was no principle involved In the de
clination. There was the fact so pal
pable that Gavin saw it, that, if he ac
cepted the nomination he would get
the worst beating ever given an as
pirant. So he declined. lam will
ing to give him credit for horse sense,
but nothing more. He had no more
chance of election In the Fourth than
he has of being snatched to heaven In
a flaming chariot by reason of the
quality of purity he has projected into
politics.
• • •
The present is a little early for in
dulgence In acute analysis of the cir-
cumstances of which Mrs. Botkin is
the central figure. To accept the the
ory of guilt and use the facts thus far
developed, to sustain this is an easy
and yet a senseless thing to do. The
case in its present aspect is one of the
most tragic. The exploitation of it is
certain to lay bare domestic secrets,
the revelation of which means ruined
reputations and shadows never to pass
away. Yet, as damaging as appear
ances are, I take it there is no justice
in the hasty assumption that Mrs. Bot
kin is a murderer. Accidents will
happen, and long series of coincidences,
forming an almost perfect chain, will
at the last be overthrown. I do not
see why the possibility of accident
should have been overlooked. Candy
is not always pure. A gentleman in
this town, who sells chemicals, one day
got an order from a candy manufac
turer for a chemical which had the
power to stain a bright yellow, but was
a deadly poison. Thinking there must
be a mistake, he communicated with
the head of the candy house, who in
formed him that it was the poison that
was wanted, that by using it a quar
ter of a cent per pound could be saved
in the manufacture of candy. My
friend declined to fill the order, but
there is no reason to suppose that all
other dealers refused. If manufac
turers use poison even in infinitesimal
quantity the likelihood of their
slaughtering an occasional customer
must be recognized. But to make a
technical flght for Mrs. Botkin, or to
advance the absurd plea of insanity,
would be an error. If a gift deliber
ately poisoned was sent to Mrs. Dun
ning the sender is sane enough to merit
any punishment the law may prescribe
for the most unforgivable form of as
sassination.
Despite the valorous achievements of
the American army, out of the clamor
of accusation against the War Depart
ment there is likely to come a definite
demonstration that some one in the
War Department has been negligent,
that the brave soldiers have undergone
unnecessary hardships, and that some
of them have been driven to their
graves by the criminal brutality of
those superior in authority. I hope the
investigation will be bo thorough that
the guilty shall all be punished, even if
the head of the department be involved.
I never ran across any particular rea
son for having confidence in Alger, and
never had any, but that he is guilty of
cruel wrongs against the troops,
wrongs profitable to himself and his
friends, is simply beyond belief. How
ever, the charges are so direct that un
less he insist upon an investigation
there will remain a cloud upon his rep
utation so long as his reputation sur
vives, and he does not need this. But
while one shrinks from crediting the
ru/nors there Is evidence that on. board
shipa bearing sick and wounded delica
cies furnished by the Red Cross for
Just such emergencies were sold to the
sufferers. This Is too bad to be fitting
ly characterized. The guilty men should
have swung from the yardarm. As
they escaped this they should at least
be exposed, branded as murderers and
thieves and be dismissed in disgrace
from the positions they dishonor.
• • *
It would pain me to call the attention
of the Examiner to certain of its short
comings, save that I do so in the spirit
of kindness. I am grieved to be
obliged to state that the reputation of
the Examiner for honesty has been Im
paired. It is regarded as occupying the
moral plawe on which are to be found
the confidence man and the picker of
pockets. Now there is an opportunity
to demonstrate that it has a shred of
conscience left, that it is once in a
while ashamed of its indecency. Of late
the sheet has been advertising a cer
tain pyrotechnic show, has begged
patronage for it on the ground that a
portion of the proceeds were to go to
the Maine monument, to be erected to
the glory of Hearst. This is the same
monument for which solicitors have
been promised a rake-off of 10 per cent
on all sums collected. The offer was
not publicly made, for, despite rumor
to the contrary, Hearst has a moiety
of modesty left and does not propose to
let the world know how he loves him
self. The pyrotechnics have been and
gone. I suggest that there be an open
accounting of receipts and a statement
as to what share is to go to the Hearst
monument. The people who were
begged in the name of patriotic char
ity to attend have a right to know all
about it. If the information be with
held a suspicion will surely arise that
a new bunko scheme as low as the
baseball tournament of a few months
ago has been sprung on them. I have
heard that the tournament was an ar
rant swindle, and labor under the sor
row of believing the information cor
rect. While assured that my personal
opinion Is not by the temporary and
empty head of the concern held of high
value, I can assure him that there are
others taking my view. Has the pub
lic been done up once more? Proba
bly, yes. To overthrow the contention
requires only that a few figures be pro
duced, duly sworn to by somebody not
connected with the Examiner office.
• •
As nearly as I am able to Judge, ex-
Marshal Creed of Sausalito is a bully
and a coward, as bad a citizen as he
was official. He is a big fellow, run
ning mostly to paunch, and rig-ht in the
forefront of that protuberance should
be deposited a kick. Creed has Just
whipped a reporter of half his own
weight for having told the truth about
him. Had the reporter been two-thirds
the Creed avoirdupois this would never
have happened. I hope the overgrown
swaggerer will soon run against a man
of sufficient size to mix up with him
and teach him a lesson in manners.
It is a strange circumstance and
verges on distressfulness that in the
effort to advocate a movement entirely
proper and commendable I am certain
to run counter to the ideas prevailing
in the Home of Peace. To state. that
this home is the editorial den of the
Examiner is hardly necessary. There
love abides, and there Andrew, put
ting on a halo and a frown, directs the
destinies of the world. Sometimes the
destinies fly the track, but no matter.
It seems to me that when General
Shafter return 3to this city he should
get a reception radiant with red fire,
noisy with bands and with shouting,
and that the people should all be out
to welcome the hero of Santiago. But
I know the Examiner will not agree. '
The unpleasant duty of bouncing the
Examiner's representatives from Cuba
because next to the yellow fever they
were the most malign things there fell
to Shafter. That he performed the duty
quickly and well is of record. Of course
a wave of rancor invaded the Home of
Peace and some traces of it remain.
Nevertheless, sympathizing as they do
with the exiled outfit, the residents of
San Francisco confess to a liking for
Shafter and a degree of pride In his
achievements. I think the Examiner
can be induced to permit the giving to
the general of a reception, and even
that it will later go so far as to claim
entire credit for the affair.
HUMORS OF SCHOOL, EXAMINATION.
It appears that at an elementary ex
amination in English which was lately
held in a school near New York two sen
tences were given out to be corrected by
the younger scholars. The first sentence
was to be corrected as to its subject mat
ter, and the second sentence as to Its
syntax. These were the sentences:
"The hen has three legs."
"Who done it?"
When the papers were handed In it waa
found that one of the examinees had ap
parently regarded the sentence as subtly
connected in thought, for his answer waa
as follows:
"The hen didn't done it; God done it."—
Bookman.
Treat your friends to Townsend'a Cali
fornia Glace Fruits, 50c lb. In fire-etch
boxes. 627 Market St., Palace Hotel bklg.»
The man who isn't capable of filling the
office better than the man appointed has
yet to be born in this great and glorious
republic. — Chicago News.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
: ' ADVERTISEMENTS. * I
JMACKAY'S
Furniture 1
Must
Go!
1 THIS DEPARTMENT TO BE EN- I
, TIRELY CLOSED OUT. fc
I $33,000 WORTH OF FURNITURE AT I
: , ACTUAL COST. ~ P
M Stock complete -In ' every S detail At*
„ . rare opportunity ' to buy good Roods X
H at auction prices. A few quotations- B
» SOLID OAK CENTER TABLES 450 1
y SOLID OAK DINING CHAIRS. . 90o ' i
S3 SOLID OAK COBBLER ~>OCK-' t
| ER3 bA^'""uPHbLSTERED 8 -"^* B
■ BOLID OAK UPHOLSTERED
Q >■ ARM R0CKER5........ 82 9O 1 H
I CEDAR tt BOX - COUCH "i*N* " r? g
k DEN1M. ...:... a- q» H
38- PIECE EASTERN HARD-*' • B
3 ;,■■■-*■ WOOD CHAMBER SETS 812 0.% H
1 ANTIQUE PILLAR = EXTEN- H
SION TA8LE5......;.;.: SO 75 H
■ CORDUROY- COUCHES- ■■'"SO •»% W
3 BED i LOUNGES (Patent)....:: §
H ^. ut , ■ MR* Krade CHAMBER
■ &VT i n ,,? u f, rtered oak. Birds Eye " B
H Maple Solid Mahogany, at correspond- X
I it an CprtceßraBSC prtce Bra8S &nd Enameled Bed* E
I CARPETS! I
J iH..T his Department 1 During - p|
f FURNITURE CLOSE OUT . . H
I m ; OW PR ICES PREVAIL. : •■■:■• «H
1I > LINOLEUM BMITH S ' TAPESTRY.:SSo H
■ WINDOW ■ opaque" shades;' Mi
'I Bx7 .....400 H
| ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
I 715 Market St»viPOPULISTS OF
SHASTA REJECT
FUSION SCHEME
Furor in Two County
Conventions.
DEMOCRATIC OFFER SPURNED
NEGOTIATIONS OUT OFF BY A
DECISIVE VOTii.
Dittmar Announces VThat He Shall
Decline the Nomination for
Congress in the First
District.
Sp«eial Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Aug. 27.— The County
Central Committees of the Democratic
and Populist parties set the date for
the county nominating conventions of
each party for the same day, August
27,. with the end In view of accomplish
ing fusion of the two organizations.
Both conventions convened in this city
at 10 o'clock this morning, and up to 6
o'clock In the evening nothing had been
accomplished. The proeeeedings were
characterized by scer.-s of confusion
never equaled In the political history
of Northern California.
Early in the day the Democratic con
vention appointed a conference com
mittee to meet with a like body from
the Populist convention, and it was not
until 6 o'clock that they got together.
At 7 o'clock the Populists rejected the
whole fusion proposition by a derisive
vote. The Populist platform was then
taken up and read in the convention.
During the confusion of the afternoon
a plank in the platform was read in
dorsing T. W. Shanahan for Governor,
Fowler for Lieutenant Governor and
Dr. J. A. Cole for Congress in this dis
trict. While the convention was wait
ing on the conference committee a
more pacific plank was substituted, in
dorsing the entire middle-of-the-road
State ticket. The substitution of this
plank without the convention's con
sent was singularly not noticed by any
of the delegates, though the middle-of
the-road declaration went through
with a rush.
I T pon the adoption of the platform
M. E. Dittmar, the fusion nominee for
Congress in the First District, arose
and in a calm and dispassionate speech '
declared that while he should decline
the nomination for Congress, he would
support the Maguire ticket and take
the stump In Its behalf. His newspa
per, the Morning Searchlight, would
support Democrats and Populists alike
throughout the campaign. He then re
fused to take further part in the delib
erations of the conventions.
The failure of the fusion proposition
will Insure a clean sweep for the Re
publicans in county affairs and give
to Henry T. Gage a large plurality for
Governor.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 27.— Pensions
have been granted as follows:
California: Original — William Walter,
San Diego, $6. Reissue and increase —
William H. H. Baxter, Tulare, $6 to $12.
The following Postmasters were ap
pointed to-day In California:
Artesla. Los Angeles County, C. B.
Scott, vice David McKeen, resigned;
Jamestown, Tuolumne County, S. R. F.
Butterfleld, vice Patrick whyte, re
moved.
Army orders— Captain Charles B.
Thompson, assistant quartermaster, is
detailed as a member of the examining
board convened at the Presidio at San
Francisco. Cal., by special orders, vice
Major Thomas M. K. Smith, First In
fantry, who is relieved.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
04-4-4--f 4- 4- 4- + 4-4-4- 4- 4- 4- 4 ©
t NOLAN BROS.— SHOES +
I 100,000 I
4- - 7 . 4-
: Given Away 1:
4- +
J FOR ONE CENT ♦
4- YOU CAN SAVE +
X TWENTY DOLLARS. . ♦
X A request by. postal or let- ■+
+ ter will give you our latest 4-
X money-saving catalog of fine, X
'♦ up-to-date shoes. It shows you ♦
X how to save anywhere from +
-X $1.00 to $20.00 on. shoes pur- ♦
4- chased during the year. Send +
* for it. ||p
$ NOLAN BROS.
4- Phelan Building, ♦
X 812-814 Market Street, ♦
SAN FRANCISCO. t \ .^
••4 4- 4 4 ,4 4 4-4-4- 4-4- 4-4-4- 4
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
. AT MANUFACTURERS' PRICE.
7PZC Gallon
4 O Gallon
'. *- :i Reduced from $1 25 per gallon.
-•- Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
33 Market St., 8. F.
■■ ODEWEY.STRONG&CO.^?^
PATENTS* 1m
' NSaSrS3O MARKET ST. S/.^SSr : ,
HONEST MEN
TO BE NAMED
FOR OFFICE
Anti-Gang Fight in
Santa Clara.
PLANS FOR THE CAMPAIGN
GOOD GOVERNMENT LEAGUE IN
THE SADDLE.
County Ticket Will Be Nominated
and the Support of All Re
form Forces Solicited in
Its Behalf.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 27.— The Good Gov- j
ernment League delegates, who were
deprived of their seats In the county
convention through the disreputable !
tactics of the Rea gang, reassembled !
In convention at Rutherford Hall to- j
day. J. R. Johns was chairman and ,
K. W. Conant secretary. A majority
of delegates was present and the meet- j
ing was an enthusiastic one.
It was decided to take an active part j
In the campaign and put up a ticket j
including men who would command |
the respect of the voters of the entire j
county.
It was stated that no steps had been j
taken looking to amalgamation with j
the Democratic and Populist forces,
and, although a conference committee
hud been appointed, it had not yet met
with other like committees. The com- j
mittee on platform reported as fol
lows, and the report was unanimously
adopted:
The Republicans of Santa Clara County
in convention assembled and represent- j
ing the movement for good government I
Indorse the entire State Republican tick- \
et headed by that stalwart Republican
and leader, Henry T. Gage.
We heartily pledge our support of and
will work to secure the carrying out of
everj' provision of the platform of the
Republican State Convention at Sacra
mento. ,
The following plank from said plat
form, which we especially indorse, haa
been brought about by the unimpeach
able array of evidence of fraud and cor
ruption paraded before the credentials j
committee of the Republican State Con- |
vention by the representatives of good
government from Santa Clara County:
"The purity of elections is the salvation i
of the country- All parties willingly
submit to an election fairly conducted
i and in which the ballots have been hon
estly counted; no other election should
be tolerated or permitted. The founda
tion of all selections of officials is the
I primary of a political party; such pri
maries should be as honestly conducted
as general elections. No partisan is
bound by the decision of a dishonest prl- j
I mary." ,
In compliance with the pro-visions of i
the Republican State platform. which |
states that no partisan is bound by the de
cision of a dishonest primary, and owing
to the fact that the primary election of
delegates to the so-called Republican
convention was carried by fraud and
corruption, as proved by affidavits of our
most stalwart Republicans of Santa
Clara County, the delegates voted for
by the workers for good government
are declared the regular delegates to this ,
convention without reference to the re- j
turns made to the County Central Com-
The burden of taxation is resting very
heavily upon the citizens of Santa Clara
County, owLng to the unexampled prodi
gality and wastefulness in the expendi
ture of our public funds that has char
acterized the administration of the finan
cial affairs of the county in the past.
All candidates nominated or Indorsed by
this convention are hereby pledged to a
thoroughly honest, business-like and
economical administration of our county
affairs. and to a reduction of taxation to
the lowest possible limit consistent with
the public welfare.
We view with the most profound regret
and alarm the making of our public
schools a part of the political machine in
this county. ' _ -
We commend the pupils of the High
School of San Jose for the fearless and
manly fight they are making against po
litical Interference in school affa r*.
which is demoralizing our boys and girls
and crippling the efficiency of our schools.
A committee of eleven shall be appoint
ed by the chair to confer with all other
persons or organizations that are work
ing in me interests of good government
for Santa Clara County, with a view to
ward making su«-h arrangements as will
further the cause of good government
and tend to the overthrow of corruption,
rings and bosses.
A vote of thanks was tendered to
the Ministerial Union for Its action in
sending a resolution to the State con
vention protesting against the seating
of the Rea delegates.
A resolution protesting against the
appointment of John D. Mackenzie, one
of Rea's lieutenants, as postmaster or
this city, was adopted and ordered for
warded to President McKinley.
The fallowing were appointed a con
ference committee to meet all parties
and organizations working in the in
terest of good government: W. H.
Wright Mitchell Phillips, J. R. Lewis.
San Jose; E. A. Hayes, Oak Grove; B.
G Hurlburt, Campbell; J. M. Days,
West Side; G- H. Brlggß, Mountain
View I. Blngham, Evergreen; G. 8.
Walker, Los Gatos; J. J. Miller, Santa
Clara; J. M. Powell, Gilroy, and J. R.
Johns, Saratoga.
The convention adjourned to meet
next Saturday, when a county ticket
will be named.
The Populist County Central Com
mittee this afternoon called Its county
convention for next Friday. The con
vention will consist of 250 delegates,
and working in conjunction with
these, will be 100 Silver Republicans.
When Your Best Girl Smiles.
A» your head you scratch and your
coat collar looks like a snow-flaked patch,
you will wish you had used Smith's
Dandruff Pomade, the only remedy for
itching scalp, dandruff and falling hair.
Guaranteed by all druggists; price. 50c.
Sample sent free by Smith Bros., Fresno,
Cal. *
COTTON MILLS SHUT DOWN.
Many of the Plants in Massachusetts
Suspend Operations.
FAL.L. RIVKR, Mass., Aug. 27.— The
Merchants'. Chaoe and Stafford's cotton
mills shut down to-day. In order to curtaJl
the output for a time. The Merchants'
corporation will remain closed until Sep
tember 12. The others will be idle all next
week, and may shut down later in the
season. Sagamore mill 2 also closed op
erations to-duy for a week or more. The
irranlte mills announce a shutdown Sep
tember 5* and the lmen and Seaconnet
mlllß are expected to close later. It la
iofDected several other plants will stop tne
lime Ttlme a* the Granite mills do. The
Blade and Robinson mills have been on
the curtailment list for some time./ The
Wampanoagr mills, which are closed this
ww ir w ni resume next Wednesday. Work
at Borden City mill 2 has been stonped
for two weeks by a strike.
Rancn Foreman Drowned.
STOCKTON, Aug. * 27.— Antone Espon
da - one of Miller '< & Lux's foremen, waa
drowned "in Old River yeeterday morn-
Ing - The body ■ baa not been recovered.
THE SA]* FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
THESE WOULD
BE LAW-GIVERS
Citizens Who Hear the
Legislative Bee.
HUSTLING FOR SACRAMENTO.
THE LEGISLATIVE CAMPAIGN
WILL NOW OPEN.
Some Democrats and Republicans
Whose Names Are Heard in the
Political Woods as the
Time Nears.
The charter and the senatorshlp will
serve to add zest and importance to the
legislative campaign in San Francisco,
and will probably provide its chief feat
ures.
The prospects In the legislative field
in both parties will now take form rap-
Idly, since the State conventions are over
with and municipal politics come to the
front. It 1b yet a little too early for a
showing of prospective strength on the
part of legislative candidates, but the
woods are pretty well tilled with am
bitious one 6 who want to represent tne
metropolis in the body that makes and
fixes laws for California. The following
are among those who are either "being
talked of" for the Senate and Assemrny
or who are themselves mentioning their
ambitions around headquarters.
In the Eighteenth Senatorial District
among the Republican aspirants and pos
sibilities are Michael Coffee, who was
once an unsuccessful candidate In this
strongly Democratic District; James Fal
lon, County Committeeman, who was a
candidate for the Assembly at a former
election, and Henry Kelly, who won the
race for the Assembly two years ago. It
Is also understood that "Jack" Hoey has
senatorial ambitions and Is a prominent
candidate for the nomination. There is
quite a crop of Democratic aspirants In
the field. For some time Alex. Greggains
has been regarded as a possible candi
date, but he declares that he will not
enter the race. Charles Gildea and P. J.
Tomalty are spoken of, as are Thomas
Farrell, ex-polltlcian and now bailiff in
Judge Mogan's Police Court; John Twigg,
a member of the committee of one hun-
dred, and John Buckley, superintendent
of the Hall of Justice. Edward Harring
ton of the Sheriff's office is another possi
ble candidate.
In the Twentietn Senatorial District
Eugene E> Bert Is understood to be a Re
publican candidate for re-election. With
no opposition yet In the neld.
There is a small army of possible can
didates for the Senate on the Republican
side in the Twenty-second District, com
posed of the Fortieth and Forty-first As
sembly districts. Assemblyman Sig Bett
man has for some time been understood
as in the field. Others who are included
in the speculations of politicians are: H.
C. Dibble, Frank H. Powers, Z. M. Dodge,
Jacob Samuels, Architect Charles Mooser,
Thomas Eager. George Walker and T. P.
Riordan. On the Democratic side it is
understood that M. C. Hassett may seek
the nomination, and that Percy L. Hen
derson would be willing to lead the for
lorn hope.
The Twenty-fourth District, com
posed of the Forty-second and rorty
thlrd Assembly districts, is likewise fer
tile of ambitous lawmakers. Leon Den
nery and George A. Williams, who was
an independent candidate in opposition
to the late Senator Mahoney four years
ago, are out early and vigorously for the
nomination, and other x-epubllcans who
are understood to be ready to enter the
race are Attorney Thomas Kase, Alonto
Henry, M. Flynn and William H. Brady.
R. Porter Ashe and Joseph P. Hayes are
names that the Democratic convention
For the Assembly Peter Kelly of the
License Collector's office and James Len
non are among the Republican possibil
ities in the Twenty-eighth, and ex-As
semblyman E. F. Lacy is one of the Dem
ocratic aspirants. •
In the Twenty-ninth E. J. Faulkner of
the License Collector's office Is in line for
the Democratic nomination, and D. J.
Crowley, a member of the Count-* Com
mittee two years ago; Stephen Nolan and
John McDonald, who sought the nomina
tion two years ago, are other Democratic
aspirants.
Thomas Doran and Isaac Erb, both dep
uties in the County Clerk's office, are pos
sible Republican nominees in the Thir
tieth District. In the Democratic ranks
the most prominently mentioned aspi
rants are ex-Asse mblyman Barney Con
way George Smith of the Committee of
100 James Crelghton and James Creegan.
The citizenship of theThirty-flrst pro
vides quite a list according to current po
litical speculation. On the Republican
side are Thomas Doherty, M. J. McDon
ald, Thomas Brophy. James Brady and
Frank Keogh. Among the many Demo
crats willing to try their hands at law
giving are. James Kennedy of the BherilT s
office and president of the Excelsior Club
James McElamey, Joseph F. Carrick and
John Mohegan.
In the Thirty-second Robert Donahue is
being groomed by John F. MoGovern, sec
retary of the Harney County Committee.
Ex-Policeman W. H. Harrison, now a
health inspector and a candidate for the
Assembly twice before, is out for the
nomination. James Lucy of the Superin
tendent of Streets' office and James
Mooney, well known in the politics of the
district are also Democratic aspirants.
In the Thirty-third Robert McCulloch Is
a Republican candidate for the nomina
tion and the Democratic candidates In
clude Joseph Mahaney and John Holland.
David Cramer, an ex-wharflnger, Is a
Republican possibility In the Thirty-fifth,
and in the Thirty-sixth Deputy County
Clerk Bert Mahoney and ex-County Gom
mitteeman John McCarthy are in the Re
publican list.
Fred Eggers and Attorney Fisk are Re
publican candidates in the Thirty-seventh
and in the Thirty -eighth Deputy Assessor
William Rtckard and Charles C. Morris,
late secretary- of the County Committee,
are leading Republican candidates for the
nomination.
The Fortieth is one of the strong Re
publican districts in which Democratic
candidates do not swarm early. The Re
publicans most prominently spoken of for
the Assembly here to date are Deputy
County Clerk David N. Short, J. J. Cas
sldy. Captain E. J. Healy and T. Macs-
Among the Republicans in the fteld in
the Forty-first are Ben Fehneman, Oscar
Lewis and H. C. Firebaugh
In the Forty-third M. J. Flynn, Charles
McClaln and Lon Henry are Republican
aspirants.
The Forty-fourth holds a good many
would-be legislators. Among The Repub
licans are J. F. Martlnoni, who was a can
didate two years ago: J. H. Nelson, H. J.
Perazzi Frank Browell, I. E. Jarrell and
ex-Assemblyman M. H. Barry
Arthur W. Spear, son of the Surveyor of
the Port, is one of the Republican aspi
rants in the Forty-fifth. _ :
There are many other legislative ambi
tions and the process of natural and po
litical selection is just fairly beginning
along with tho hustling.
DELAY IS LESSENING
PRESTIGE OF AMERICANS
Porto Ricans Surprised by the Slow
Progress of Americans in Ar
ranging Affairs.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug. 27.— The
delay in arranging matters is lessening
the prestige of Americans here. Every
one is commenting on the fact that most
important documents relating to the isl
and are apparently being returned to
Spain.
Alt Judicial matters are In suspense. An
tonio Sanchez. Mayor of Aguada. has
been brought in handcuffs to the capital
to be tried for raising a riot agaJnst un
offending Spaniards.
Ladles' ta!lor-i. -de suits; latoet dealffna; w»
rive credit. M. Hothachijd. 11l Suttw. r. I * T.
CLOSING SESSIONS
OF THE PYTHIANS
Finances Yet a Subject
of Controversy.
REFORMS ARE IN ORDFR
VARIOUS SCHEMES TO RE
STRICT EXPENDITURES.
Investigating Committee Appointed
by the Supreme Lodge Is Still
Probing Alleged Ir
regularities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 27.-The Su
preme Lodge, Knights of Pythias, is
about all that remains of the biennial
encampment. All of the Uniform Rank
and subordinate lodge companies have
left the city, and Camp Colgrove is de
serted.
The Rathbone Sisters and Knights
of Khorassan held their final sessions
to-day. The investigating committee
appointed by the Supreme Lodge is
still holding meetings, but will prob
ably not report at this meeting. The
Supreme Lodge has much business to
consider yet and may be in session a
week longer.
Representative W. L. Seism of Ne
braska, who has been fighting the offi
cers of the Supreme Lodge vigorously
for several months and Is reported to
have made charges of excessive ex
pense accounts, has introduced a num
ber of resolutions and documents at
this session, all having a tendency to
restrict all the officers.
One resolution aimed at the su
preme keeper of records and seals, says
he shall keep an accurate account,
showing the exact financial condition
of the Supreme Lodge at all times,
keep the accounts of the Grand Lodges
and of the deputy supreme chancellors,
and shall not draw any orders on the
supreme master of the exchequer until
the bill for the particular service shall
have been approved by the committee
on finance.
Another resolution directed at the
supreme master of the exchequer states
that he shall keep an account in de
tailed form of all receipts and dlsbarse
menta, and shall each quarter prepare
a detailed report, showing the date of
each remittance from the supreme
keeper of the records and seals, and the
amounts of money paid out, together
with the name of the payee. These re
ports are to be sent to the Supreme
and Grand Lodge officers and to the
ADVEBTISEMrNTS.
The Only Store in the City That Gives Bargains
in Furniture the Year Round.
Parlor Rockers, Brass Beds, Chiffoniers, Hall
Trees, Sideboards, Bookcases, Parlor Tables,
Dressers, China Closets, Music Cabinets,
Parlor Suits, Parlor Cabinets, Chamber Suits,
Extension Tables, Etc., Etc.
METAL BEDS !
AT
Prices That Wo rry
the Trust.
$Q. 50 Brass and
O- - Enameled Beds.
This solid and substantial bed has one-
inch pillars, mounted with cast brass
balls, brass top rods, rings and spindles
— fdl sire.
Send for "Dreamland Luxury," hand-
some booklet describing our line of Me-
tallic Bedsteads, high-class Springs,
Mattresses, etc.
The Great Carpet and Rug Sale.
The balance of our Carpet purchase from the New York auction of
Alexander Smith & Co.'s Carpet Mills.
PERFECT GOODS— LOOK AT THE PRICES— BARGAINS.
Brussels Carpets 35c
Fine Brussels Carpets 45c
Moquette Carpets . 95c i
Genuine Savohneries $1.25
Genuine Ne Plus Ultra Rugs, 6
feet long $5.25
Bargains from the S. Sanford &
Son's Carpet Mills— T^ best
Sanford 10-wire Brussels 70c
Royal Axminster Rugs.
10 feet 6 inches long, worth $25 $14.25
Sal* oh Second Floor Carpet "Department.
You Save Money j\J PATTOSIEN'S You Save MonBJ
Pythian papers. In another document
Representative Seism asked that th«
supreme master of the exchequer at
tend every meeting of the Supreme
Lodge and come prepared to turn over
all funds to his successor, also bring
with him an itemized report showing
the expenditures and receipts during
the two years.
A fourth resolution asks that the
chairman of the committee on printing
be instructed to advertise for bids on
all printing in at least one leading daily
paper in not less than three of the lead
ing cities of the country and in all
Pythian papers, the daily journal of the |
Supreme Lodge and secret work being j
omitted. It provides that the commit
tee is also to invite bids from the lead
ing printers throughout the country.
Sealed bids are to be received and not
opened unless the chairman of the
committee and at least three members
are present. The committee is to sub
mit a printed report showing the cost
of all printed matter during the time
it was in power, together with the num
ber of bids received for each job and i
the amounts of the bids.
The report of John A. Hinzey, treas
urer of the endowment rank of the
Knights of Pythias, was referred by
the Supreme Lodge this morning to the
committee on endowment rank and the
election of Mr. Hinzey or his successor
was postponed until the committee
makes its report on Hinzey's report.
In addition to the officers elected yes
terday the Supreme Lodge elected the
following: James Moulson, St. John,
N. 8., supreme prelate; R. L. C. White,
Nashville, Term., supreme keeper of
records and seal; Thomas D. Mears,
Wilmington, N. C, supreme master of
exchequer; H. A. Bigelow, Seattle, su
preme master at arms; W. M. Sim
mons, Wilmington, Del., supreme inner
guard; John W. Thompson, Washing
ton, D. C, supreme outer guard.
SAVES TWO GIRLS FROM
DEATH BY DROWNING
Miss Bessie Porter of Santa Bosa
Bisks Her Life to Bescue
Companions.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 27.— Three young
people of this city narrowly escaped
drowning while at a picnic near Taylor
Springs this afternoon. On the lake near
the springs a raft had been built, and
Emily Miller, Fannie Nye and Roy Hitch
cock "started across on this craft. When
in the middle the raft upset and all were
thrown Into the water.
Miss Bessie Porter, a daughter of Judge
W. W. Porter, went to the rescue. She
waded in until the water reached her
chin, caught one young girl by the hair
and the other by the dress and got them
ashore. The boy swam out alone. The
girls would surely have been drowned had
Miss Porter not been there.
FBAU DANNEBTJBG'S SUICIDE,
Died Because She Could Not Hear
From Her Son, Who Fought
in Cuba.
BERLIN, Aug. 27.— Frau Danneburg, a
talented portrait-painter, has committed
suicide because, it is alleged she could get
no news of her son. who fought with the
American army in Cuba.
Cruiser Bruix Did Not Founder.
PARIS. Aug. 27.— The report that the
French armored cruiser Bruix had foun
dered In the Indian Ocean was without
foundation. The Bruix is now at Saigon,
capital of French Cochin China.
SURPLUS STOCKS FROM
rhe Rock ford Standard Furniture
Co., the Stickley Co.'s Grand
Rapids Rockers, Phoenix Fur-
niture Co., Grand Rapids, Etc.
*- PliinQ
)^^^^^^^\. Plnopto
$j fe^^^^^M| French
I $7.75
P! 5 K*Wra>/ . '•s*• "2» * I '
ufj v Morrow
Royal Axminster Carpets $1.15
Royal Velvet Carpets $1.00
Moquette Rugs, 5 feet long. . $1.65
Moquette Rugs, 6 feet long. . .$2.75
Bargains from the Roxbury
Carpets Mills.
The best Roxbury Carpets 80c
Bromley's Reversible Rugs
9 feet long by 6 feet wide . . $7.25
12 feet long by 9 feet wide. .$14.25
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
DRESS GOODS.
Fall Styles Now In.
Below are mentioned a few items from our stock of Fall Dress Goods
which have just arrived. We would appreciate your seeing the goods,
'■■■> though there be no intention of buying." •
Silk and wool novelties in broche A full dress pattern of rough Scotch
and bayadere designs; all new autumn Cheviot; makes a good, serviceable
shadings; very rich two-toned effects; dress for fall; strictly all wool, 54
new blues and greens » specialty; 48 inches wide; colorings brown, green,
inches wide, navy, gray, new blue, etc.; really
■■(b./JAA -worth a yard,
cpO.UUASuit d>O CQ
Genuine English Melton Cloths; a <P^«CJV/ A Suit. ,
large range of new brown, green and *
military blue mixtures; especially *
adapted for tailor-made dresses; >y^ EF^^ 1 m ¥
strictly all wool, 54 inches wide, Cm j ?? M^Cj *lj* fc\'- ' - -
(D f\ 25 A «5 It THUS WEEK.
■ CPV/.^JCA AfcUit. To open the season we offer twenty \
, French Illuminated Covert Suitings, P ieces of Imported Silk Stripe Plaids;
in two-toned effects; pure wool and ver y ood quality; 40 inches wide; i,
mohair; over twenty different color- perfect .copy of the $ and $1.50 ? j
ings; 38 inches wide, st |es : for this week onl
q)cj. s U A Suit. U U Cts a Yard.
Above goods on sale at Market-street store only. -.
• Japanese Silks.
A special sale of Japanese Silks in light blue, Nile, lavender, red, cream, orange,
navy, black, white and. others; 20 to 21 inches wide; at both stores,
2& Cts a Yard.
We are sole agents for Columbia Kid Gloves. They are the best $1 gloves we
ever heard of. Every pair fitted and warranted.
i
Country orders promptly attended to. Samples on application.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET and 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
OF THE— •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■ OF THE
fl Bh -CR S B ' Ki| jßlu B Lv *uw
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of .Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by -the Commissioner. ..
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $385,585 72
Cash market value of all stocks and _
bonds owned by company 1,566, 60. m
Cash In company's office 996 ?9
Cash in banks ......................... 200.383 97
Premiums in due course of collection 293.630 01
Special agents' balances 653 90
Total assets .......: $2,447.908 09
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $65,170 82
Losses in process r* adjustment or • ' _ -
in suspense ..»,.•••••••"•••••■••••••••• i»**iOo* -ji
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 23,860 06
Gross premiums '. on fire risks run-
ning one year or ; less, $1,512,330 12:
reinsurance 50 ; per cent . . 756,155 06
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than [ one year, $1,142-, '"„,"„
180 09; reinsurance pro rata 894,604 96
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies. 4,002 75
All other demands against the com-
.pany ..:....'..■..... 60.000 00
Total liabilities $1,733,356 08
V INCOME. ■.
Net cash actually received ; for flre . ■-■'■-'
premiums .......;....;...... $1,977,673 73
Received for Interest and dividends ,f
on bonds, . stocks, loans and from
all other sources..... 60.869 43
Received for rent 5.............." " 8.292 11
Total income ; $2,036,835 27
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $147,982 84, ■ losses of pre- -
vious years) .... .. $965,907 78
Paid or allowed for ■ commission ■or
brokerage 376,643 66
Paid ' for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks,- etc.... 164.728 48
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ....„.:..:.....:.................. 48,176 91
All other payments and expenditure*. . 137,924 21
Total expenditures ...$1.693.356 01
.. • ..■'■"' ■■■'.■■ •' Flre. -
Losses Incurred during the year...... $1,007,233 00
Risks.' and: Premiums. Fire' Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $234,202,375 $2,526,303 51
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year... 210,454,05* 2,377.057 00
Net amount in force De- • '
cember 31. 1897.:........ 242.250,573 2.654,510 21
■ E. LITCHFIELD, United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn . to before me this 24th
day of January, 1898. .
C. K. -VALENTINE. Notary Public. .
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
MANN & WILSON,
Managers,'
N.E. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
San Francisco, Cat. ;•
/^ N j^|MAKERS 0P
I\^*\A i^-V
SpeciaclessEteGiasses
: 642 Market St. instrument*
DR.MSNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD '
J- Special lstcurcj Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and I
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'r»' experience.'!
Patients en red at Home. Terms reasonable. Hourn9 ;
to3daily;B:3otoS:3oev'g9. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free »nd sacredly confidential. Call, or address -
Dr. P. BOSOOB JIrMLTY, ? - n
I M}£ Keiumr. St., &»n Francisco, Cal. ;
STATEMENT
— -OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW ORLEANS. IN THE STATE OF
Louisiana, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. •
Amount of capital stock, paid up in -
cash $250,000 00
ASSETS. ". :
Real estate owned by company...... $40,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 14,750 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 535.73000
Cash in banks.. ....'.^... 37.659 OS
Premiums in due course of collection 60,158 66
Total assets ........ ...Y. $688.327 74
LIABILITIES. .
Losses adjusted and unpaid.... $13,574 65
Gross • premiums .* on fire risks run-
' ning one year or less, $357, 24;
' reinsurance 50 per cent ..;... 178,614 H
Gross premiums on ' flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $55,755 00;
reinsurance pro rata.... — .... 31.711 00
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 13,135 00
Total liabilities $237,034 77
INCOME.
Net cash actually, received for flre
premiums ...;.;....... ...:....... $341,066 19
Net cash i actually received for ma-
rine premiums ......:...'......... 22.862 14.
Received for interest and dividends
on . bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources ....... .............. 20.167
; Total income . : $354,096 49
EXPENDITURES. \
Net amount paid for flre losses $176.57165
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 9,071 52
Dividends to stockholders 25.000 00
Paid •or allowed - for commission or
brokerage .............................. 67,59197
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 22,772 32
Paid for State, national and local
taxes . I - ..............; 7,499 17
All other payments and expenditures. 18,933 61
Total expenditures $328.500 24
Losses incurred during the year $176,571 00
Risks and 'Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year...; $30,907,639 $468,239 60
Net amount of risks ex- ,•
■ pired during the year... 32,856,740 ■ $99,831 01
Net amount in force De- .
cember 31. 1897..:.;....; .26,131.194 412.983 24
©EKSSS&SS % Marine
Risks and Premiums. . Risks.; Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- .
ten during the year.... $4,676,088 $29,003 44
Net amount of risks ex- : *
pired during the year... 4,676,088 29,003 44
Net amount in force
cember 31, 1897.......... 1 None. ; None.
• - . ALBERT P. NOLL. President.
... ' GEO. MEYER. : Secretary. : .
■ Subscribed and sworn to before me ■ this 17th
day of January, 1898. , M. C. SONIAT,
Commissioner for California in New Orleans.
: SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
MANN & WILSON,
General Agents,
S.E. Cor. California and Sansome Sts.,
■ ;'-.'" .';.. '■"■■ ■-' ' - ■"'" *- .- : * "-'■■".■ * : - "-. ' : : '
0 San Francisco. Cal.
. w ... - i t -i .■.--■■----.-.
NOTICE !
- The matter of the confirmation ■of the sales
of the ■" Hale Estate properties, < Nos. • 314 to 321
Oak street, 137^x120 , feet, t and - 6 . houses and ;
Bait '■. Marsh and < Tide Lands will come before
Judge: J. V. Coffey. City Hall. TUESDAY. . 10
o'clock a. m., August 30,' 1898. Increased bids'
will be received at our office.
--• •• : ■■' ; ■ ■ , ■ : O. H. umbsen? & CO., «,;.- ;
' .. Auctioneers, 14 Montgomery street. '■/,':
~~T" ) ~~~" ! . . ;■'. ■ .• -
RISSDR. HALL'S REINyiGORATOR
Mff*tfm Five hundred reward for any caa*
EM ■Bj we cannot cure. -This secret remed/
1 ■ ■ stops losses ■ in ■ 24 : hours, T cures
Five hundred reward for any ca»«
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
vtops all losses in 24 hours, cures
BEM EffH Emissions, Impotencjr, Varlcooele.
RH PfSl Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
liHii ii!iH Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
JBEja KEM fects of self-abuse or excesses. Seat
E^lr-a^l sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. iS; juar-
anteed to core, f Address HALL" 6 MEDICAL IN-
i STITUTE .»3 ißroadway,i Broadway, Oakland < CsJ Ala.
! For .«). it ; 107JH ' Market t st •8. F. -AUpg- I
I ; Tat* diseases quickly cured 6«nd tor UN booth.
78
GAGE OPENS
THE CAMPAIGN
AMID CHEERS
A Rousing Reception to the
Republican Leader at
Oakland.
Introduced to the Voters by Dr. George C.
Pardee, the Man He Defeated at the
Convention.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Augr. 27.
The booming of cannon planted In the
■center of Broadway announced to Ala
meda County to-night that the State Re
publican campaign had opened. A few
minutes later the music of the band and
the clanging of the engine's bell pro-
Claimed to the crowd at Seventh and
Broadway that the man who had been
eelected to lead the Republican party of
California to victory was about to be
•welcomed by the man and by the county
•whom he had so recently defeated.
It was a significant meeting, that of
Henry T. Gage and George C. Pardee, and
It was an object lesson to those who wit
nessed it. When the man from Los An
geles stepped from the train he could not
have received a warmer welcome had he
been returning to his own city. Mayor
Thomas, George C. Pardee and W. R.
Davis extended the hand of greeting
while the crowd cheered.
Then the red fire burned. The band
put forth a stronger effort, the cannon
belcbed out a more energetic roar and the j
Pondinkle tried to down the shouting of ]
the Young Men's Republican Club.
After accepting the grasp of a few j
Bcore of offered hands Henry T. Gage •
was led to a carriage, which he occupied ]
with his companion. Judge Frank Davis
of Los Angeles, Mayor Thomas and j
George C. Pardee.
Preceded by the artillery mounted on |
a wagon the escort formed with the j
band leading and hundreds 01 stalwarts i
and young Republicans swelled the line
that came after the carriages. The march '
Included men who are not often seen in j
a street march and their presence was I
eignifioant of the enthusiasm with which j
the campaign has started out.
Although only one day has elapsed since
the State convention has adjourned, i
there was a great outpouring of Repub- '
licans, who rapidly responded to the call |
to ratify the work done at Sacramento, i
Oakland can always be depended upon to j
enthuse over Republicanism, and al
though the notice was so short, the size i
of the crowd and the intensity of the en- j
thusiasm was no surprise to old-timers.
Oakland boasts of all manner of Republi
can organizations, and all are ready to j
respond as they did to-night to such an j
extent that the visitors from the orange i
land could not conceal their surprise.
Inside the Macdonough Theater those !
on the platform faced tiers upon tiers of
people who used all possible means of ex
pressing approval whenever an opportu
nity was presented.
The decorations were confined to the
national colors, and as the music of "The
Star Spangled Banner" filled the big au
ditorium the events of the past few
months were brought to mind and doubt
less many memories drifted to that scene
in which many Oaklanders took part
where the same Inspired music was heard
for the first time at Santiago and Porto
Rico.
The front row of the platform might be
photographed as a text for the Republi
can campaign in California. There sat
Henry T. Gage, a stranger to Oakland,
yet a man whom every Republican in
.Alameda County is now proud to follow.
All know that but for Gage it would have
been Pardee, but that memory had no ef
fect on the crowd, and certainly appeared
to have none on the man who presided
over the meeting.
Next to the guest of the evening was
WILL FITTINGLY HONOR OLD AGE.
♦'Father" Lorenzo Waugh, Who Enjoys the Distinction of
Being the Oldest Methodist Preacher in the
World.
"Father" Lorenzo Wau^h's four-score-and-tenth blrthdoy is to be flt
tlnply celebrated this evening in the Howard-street Methodist Church. The
Barred edifice will be crowded with friends and admirers of the grand old
man and addresses of congratulation are to be made by the pastor, Rev. J.
A. B. Wilson, Senator George C. Perkins and others.
"Father" Wangh is said to be the oldest Methodist preacher in the
■world. Age has not dimmed his faculties, but on the contrary he is able
to preach on his favorite themes with surprising ability.
He was born on the 28th day of August, 1808, near Greenbrier River,
"West Virginia, in what is now Pocahontas County. He is the oldest of
twelve children. In his younger days he knew Daniel Webster, John Quincy
Adams, Thomas H. Benton and other great men who figured in American
history. He arrived in California in 1852, having come over the plains in
an ox team, and on his arrival he was met by General Vallejo, who made
him a present of 320 acres of land in Sonoma County. This land he after
ward divided between his children, retaining forty acres for himself, which
he afterward sold for $5500.
It haa always been the aged minister's boast that he never used to
bacco or intoxicating liquor of any kind, and to thiß fact he attributes his
long life. He is now residing in Los Ollvos, Santa Barbara County,
where he enjoys the best of health and strength.
Senator George C. Perkins, who has Just
come from Washington, and who prom
ised that at a future time he would tell
of that portion of the administration of
President McKinley which did not ordi
narily come before the public. The Sen
ator got off a little joke at his own ex
pense that not one in five hundred seemed
to grasp. He referred to George C. Par
dee s Initials as standing for "Good Cali
fornia Patriot," and the crowd cheered,
not noticing that the same initials are
also those of George C. Perkins.
Beside the Senator sat George C. Par
dee, who was as affable and as much
master of the situation and. of himself as
when on the platform at SacramenV
withdrawing his name from the nomina
tion for Governor.
W. R. Davis, who received a defeat st
the primaries that has a strong resem
blance to that of his rival at Sacramento,
was there.
Judge Frank Davis, who placed Mr.
Gape In nomination, and Mayor- Thomas
were there to talk lightly of personal de
feat and to forward the success of the
party at large.
The Meeting Called to Order.
Senator Perkins, in calling the meeting
to order, said:
"Fellow Citizens: I reiolce with you
that we meet here to extend greetings to
our leader placed In nomination in Sacra
mento."
He proceeded to tell of the State Conven
tion, saying that the delegates were repre
sentatives of the Republican party. a:'.d.
therefore, representatives of the people of
the State of California. "We had hoped
that the nomination might fall to one of
our sons, but the fates willed otherwise."
Senator Perkins said that the people
were satisfied with the result, and that
they would as loyally stand by H. T. Gage
as they would by Pardee. had he been nom
inated' He eulogized Pardee, McKinley
and Hilborn. Xot only the California Rep
resentatives did their duty, but the whole
administration showed that It was an hon
est representation of the people. The he
roes of the war were briefly touched upon,
producing tremendous cheers from the
audience.
George C. Paraee Chairman.
George C. Pardse was introduced as
: chairman. He said:
"Ladies and Gentlemen: As you will no-
I tice by my voice. I have been to Sitcra
! m<*nto. I used It up In the past two or
| three days shoutlnff for my political an
- tagonist. We went up as Btrong antago
! nlsts, but we have come back as firm
i friends."
Dr. Pardee told of his approaching the
delegates from the south and clearly
stating the position of the people of Ala
meda County. He told them that whoever
was nominated would have the hearty
support of the people of this county.
"Alameda is not thin-skinned, and we
I shall, I believe, give a bigger majority
i than ever for the Republican ticket this
fall. I want to thoroughly impress this
fact upon our visitors from the citrus
belt, so that they can go home and tell
their friends that the banner will not go
south this year, although the nomination
went there. I do not believe there is a
Republican in Alameda County who, when
! defeated, will sulk In his tent. I was
j beaten at Sacramento, but by a man
j whom every Republican may feel proud
! to follow."
Presented With a Bouquet.
B. Fehnemann stepped forward as Dr.
Pardee sat down and on behalf of the
Oro Fino Club of Los Angeles presented
Dr. Pardee with a large bouquet. He
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1893.
BANNER OF THE BANNER REPUBLICAN COUNTY.
The State Republican Banner Presented to the Party Ten Years Ago and
Held From Election to Election by the County Giving the Greatest
Republican Vote.
said that Dr. Pardee and all the dele
gate* from Alameda County would be
made honorary members of the club, and
paid a passing tribute to ex-Senator Eli
I Denison, who originally presented the
I banner that has since caused so much
I friendly rivalry between Los Angeles and
j Alameda counties.
W. R. Davis, upon being Introduced,
said the position for the Republican party
of Alameda County was just where it
is at present, namely, having all of its
members standing shoulder to shoulder.
He suid that wherever he might be
placed, whether as private or general, he :
would give his heartfelt support to the
cause, and the cause that he would con
tinually uphold would be the causer of !
the great Republican party. He gave a
brief history of the party, dwelling in
particular upon its work durrng and suc
ceeding the Civil War.
It was the Republican party that dealt
so successfully with the great debt in
curred by the war and protected the un
fortunate by the great pension system,
he said. Whatever may come, the Re
publican party shall go on as the Instru
ment of the god of nations to teach mon
archies that republicanism is the most
nearly perfect form of government.
Dr. Pardee next introduced the quartet
of the Young Men's Republican Club, who
sang some original verses to the tune of
"There'll Be a Hot Time In the Old
Town To-Night" and "The Banks of the
Wabash." They were heartily received.
A Hit at MagTiire.
Tirey L. Ford, nominee for Attorney
General, upon being introduced gave Ma
guire a rather hard hit when he referred
to him as the Little Triple-Headed Giant
who was down in Los Angeles singing,
I "All Platforms Look Alike to Me." Mr.
I Ford also called attention to the fact, in a j
humorous manner, that the initials of the j
Republican gubernatorial nominee stood j
for "He's the Governor." He concludf-d
with a peroration upon the Republican :
party.
Edward Meserve of the Los Angeles del
egation said that the leaders for Maguire
in the south were not of the highest class. '
He was confident that the people of the I
south would not support them. He was i
sure that the people or the State had made
no mistake In nominating Mr. Gage,
whom, he said, was tha "pride of Los An
geles."
The Young Men's Republican Club quar
tet san^r again and were heartily encored, j
D. Edward Collinn was asked to speak |
for the business men of Oakland. He as
serted his strong alliance to the Republi
can party and desired to take his part in
carrying out the business principles In
augurated in lS9fi. He predicted certain
victory in November next.
The next speaker was Frank Davis of
Los Angeles, who nominated Mr. Gage at
Sacramento. He s.-ild in opening: It is
difficult for me to tell you new deeply the
people of Alameda have touched our
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
; '■ — — ■ .. : " Z ! ' : ~ ■.. .. ■ ~~~ '. ~" .. .. '. :~~ ' -■• : ~ i " ~~~
©©©© © © ® ©©©©©©©© © © © © © © © ©©©®©©©©© © © © © © © ® © ®® ©©©©©©©© © © © © © © © ©®® ©©©©©©©© © © © © © © ©
i- : LET : 7V\E HELP YOU? " i
i) ®
®
I r^S,^^^S^^^S«^^aßW|S^^^Kß My Electric Belt has made 1000 sufferers rejoice during the past five years. It ®*
I j^^p|^^^H^^M^^^wM^^3^^^^W has cured them of weakness and of the pains and misery resulting from the loss of nervous ©
I I'k'^M^^^^KSßnßßsSßtßßM energy. It has helped them to sleep, to eat and to enjoy the health which nature intended g
! " " DRUGS WILL NEVER CURE. I
■■■ You who are mak ' n5n 5 a dru ? sn °P °f y° ur P° or - delicate stomach, listen : Drugs don't
I sBKSP* •' irBt "^ %sltM m give strength ; they stimulate like alcohol, but after their effect has passed off, after the ®
5 f .. WEB %5»%^j5 S Wii^Wi % poor stomach and nerves have recovered from the stimulation, are you not as bad as ever? I
I ' &&&&&& *• ' Mr You must have stren S tn - Tne organs which are suffering are weak, WEAK, WEAK ®
, §^^^^^^^^^SES^^^^^S^^m They want help. Then give it to them. Nature has provided electricity for this purpose' ®
I i Fill the tired, weary and almost worn out organs with it, and you will fill them with joy' %
I I ' ' " M l^^^^fe You will fe . el your spiritS !um . p . with ecstacy ' your blood will become warm ' your nerves firm! 1
I CALL AND SEE THIS BELT. . ./ |
I You can learn ail about it in ten minutes. It is simple, but grand. You can test it and feel its power, and when you understand it you will want ©
I it. You will know that at last you have found vigor/health and happiness. If you cannot call, send at once for my free book, "Three Classes of ®
J Men,' v or "Maiden, Wife and Mother." Both are full of candor, full of nature's truths, and they will help you. . Call or write to-day. ®
tDR. A. T. SANpBN, ' :T ji^ ®
I 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, Sao Francisco. •.^•ve^? d ' ln in dd t t ?*.t^ t I
> •V^ * , Office • hours, BA. M. ; to BP. 1 M.; Sundays 10 to 1 Branches at Lo» Angeles, Cal., 232 W. Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington ■ strcc 1 : Den- :. nor by traveling *^nt« ' only ~
J ver, Colo., 931-: Sixteenth ? street ;v Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street.-'-.-' -■ •-/ ' ■■■; './■-'■ -■:' ;f -':' : ' r, ' ,; V"!' ; 'i ■: ' : . ' ; : v .. : -'\ '/V".' v -' , ":;■ ; . .• " ' ■'' »: at our of floe. : : '.^:., .-■. . t .. (•)
s> ® ■'© ©©.© © >'.© © i'® ©' © '© '©. '©'® 4 ®"® i ®'.(® • © © ®®© ®® ® '©'©.©'■© © © ® : ® ®®®®® © © © © ®® : ® © © ,® © ©"©'©.© .© ®®:®® ©® "©;©-© © : © ® ; ®-© ©•© % : ®
hearts. We came from the south with our
favorite son and found your citizens
firmly supporting Dr. Pardee. We were
out for fight.- We shook hands with them
and then were ready."
I Mr. Davis "joshed" "Billy" Friend In
a manner pleasing to the audience and
then went on to tell of the Los Angeles
victory In a humorous manner.
Mr. Davis fiercely referred to the Ex
aminer's underhand attack upon Henry
T. Gage.
"What Is the matter with the Demo
cratic party? How very narrow it must
be growing that Its leading organ In this
State can find no nlther issue than C. P.
Huntingdon! What is the matter with
the issue that our soldiers have fought
and died for? What are we to do with all
these captured Islands? If you want to
get knowledge of all petty political mean
nesses then read the Examiner. I deny
the Indirect charges made by that organ
that Henry T. Gage is allied with the
railroad. There cannot be. found a fairer,
more honest man in the length and
breadth of this fair State of ours."
Mr. Davis predicted a great victory for
Mr. Gage In the south, where he said that
not only all of the Republican votes will
be for him, but likewise many of the.
Democratic. He said that the people have
great hope of getting again the Republi
can banner that they surrendered to Ala
meda County in 1896. > i
Introduced Amid Cheers.
Henry T. ' Gage was Introduced amid
thundering cheers given by the assembled
audience, which all stood up when Dr.
Pardee mentioned . his name. His re
marks were very brief, due, he said, to
the lateness of the hour. ; " He • said: ;
"Ladies ■ and . Gentlemen:. I would .be
oblivious to ' the feelings that belong to
the human heart were - I not" moved by
this grand demonstration of the people of
Alameda County. ■ I thank , you from the
bottom of my ■ heart. ■■ I • know that this
demonstration does not come from the
love of any one man, but it comes from
the love for the grand principles of the
Republican party. We owe a great deal to
the magnanimity of your Dr. Pardee that
we were able to name a candidate for
Governor by acclamation. ~ The hour is
too late for me to make a speech, and so
I thank you on behalf of the Republican
candidates and Republican party. I shall
hope to meet and talk to you in the near
future." • "■ . • \ •"-:.■
The Republican nominee for State
Treasurer, Captain Reeves ;of San Ber
nardino, was introduced, as Dr. Pardee
said, merely to let the people see who he
was. He made no speech, and with
cheers for the Republican party the dem
onstration closed.
Primaries Pass Off Quietly.
RENO, New, Aup. 27.— The Republican
and Populist primaries passed off quiet
ly. There was no contest. Good vote
polled.
A HOT TIME
IN A CAMP
OF VETERANS
Congressman Eugene F. Loud
Faces His Adversaries, Ask
ing for Justice.
Annual Encampment of the Army and Navy
Republican League— Gage Indorsed.
Seamans Elected Commander.
Delegates to the fifteenth annual en
campment of the Army and Navy Repub
lican League assembled at Alcazar Hall
at 2 p. m. yesterday. The session, lasting
from 2 o'clock until 6 p. m., was animated
throughout and at Intervals exciting.
A motion to Indorse Leon Jones for
Sheriff of San Francisco was carried
with cheers for Jones, but a motion to
Indorse Eugene P. Loud for Congress in
the Fifth District caused a breeze of
excitement and prompted Mr. Loud to
assert that his name had been brought
before the convention without his knowl
edge or consent. Sharp strife between
Los Angeles and Oakland over the office
of commander-in-chief resulted in an
other victory for the south. The honor
went to W. H. Seamans, a close personal
friend of Henry T. Gage, the Republi
can nominee for Governor.
The convention was called to order by
Judge McElroy, commander-in-chief.
Little time was lost in preliminaries. A
committee on credentials was appolntted,
but the hall was so densely packed with
Grand Army vett rans, who had assem
bled either as delegates or spectators,
that the committee had hard work to
get out of the main hall into a smaller
room. While the committee was exam
ining the credentials presented by the va
rious camps, the convention was enliv
ened by spirited speeches. The comman
der introduced Comrade Loud, and the
representative in Congress from the
Fifth responded. He observed that it
would not be the truth to say that the
call to speak was unexpected, as every
one knew that men in public life were
expected to speak on such occasions. He
recalled the incidents of his youth and
the great events of the war from 1861 to
1866, and paid a compliment to the civic
patriotism of the veterans, who were de
fending the civil interests of the coun
try as good citizens. He epoKe of his
own reluctance, as a public man, to ad
vocate that the country should embark
In a war with Spain. In substance he
said:
"Our work has not ended. The nation
has entered on a new course. Graver
questions now confront us than ever be
fore confronted this country. I dreaded
the embarkation of the country in another
war, fearing that questions of government
would arise that our constitution did not
provide for. We must legislate anew.
New forms of government must be intro
duced. When the year began these ques
tions were not considered. Away down
in the hearts of the American people
there is a sentiment that will not permit
the surrender of anything we have fought
for and conquered. I am conservative,
and have been called ultra-conservative;
but I realize that Porto Rico and Cuba
must be governed by the strong arm of
a powerful nation. In my Judgment, Cuba
will never pass from under the folds of
the American flag.
"The conditions and elements of com
mercial expansion of the Atlantic coast
of our country as applied to the retention
of Cuba and Porto Rico apply with equal
force to the Pacific Coast commercial de
mands In reference to the Philippine
Islands. A strong government is there
needed, so that the commerce of the Pa
cific will receive the advantage of tne
acquisition."
Colonel George Babeock was the next
on the platform, and he apoke of the new
page in the history of tne human race,
lie declared that tne flag should ever re
main where it now floats. He believed
that the war was ordained as a step in
the emancipation of the human race.
Speeches were made by W. H. Seamans,
General E. S. Salomon, Major E. A. Sher
man, ex-Governor Gosford, Colonel Tal
cott and Colonel C. L. Pierce.
W. H. H. Hart told the delegates about
a private interview which he had recently
with President McKinley. According to
the version of the ex-Attorney General
the interview lasted from midnight until
2 a. m. Schoonemaker of New Jersey
was present throughout the conference.
When the Interview began the President
expressed some doubt as to the wisdom
of returning the conquered islands of the
Philippine group, but a* the interview
progressed new light was shed on the
situation by General Hart and the New
Jersey statesman. At 2 o'clock, accord
ing to the official report of General Hart,
the President threw up his hands and
agreed that the Philippines should be re
tained if California demanded such reten
tion. The President declared that he
would do more for California than for any
other state of the Union, not excepting
his own State of Ohio. General Hart
therefore desired the convention to ex
press its sentiments on the question by a
resolution, which resolution should be
transmitted to President McKinley.
The tale was beautifully told by General
Hart.
The committee on credentials was now
ready to report, but some delegates be
longing to the disbanded Harrison Camp
desired recognition so they could vote on
the question of their own admission to
the convention before the consideration of
the committee report. They had a hint
obviously that the report did not recom
mend their admission. The veterans of
the Harrison Camp were persistent and
even noisy in their efforts to force the
chairman to submit to a popular vote of
all those present on the issue whetner
they should come in or not. Apparently
they were about to have their own way
when C. T. Masteller produced the offi
cial records to show that no such thing
existed in this world as the Harrison
Camp of the Army and Navy Republican
League. The camp once did exist, but in
1596 it was mustered out, disbanded,
dropped from the rolls, dissolved and ex
tinguished—its charter had been revoked
and its existence terminated. The chair
ruled in effect that the delegates from
! Harrison Camp were not officially on
' earth and refused to entertain a motion
j from the myths. The ruling was a knock
out. The Harrisonians could not muster
! the courage to appeal from the decision
of the chair.
The reading of the report of the execu
tive committee followed. Delegates were
admitted from Camps Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
7, 8, 14 and 16. Past officers entitled to
seats were also recognized, making the
total number of votes in the convention
195.
When the convention was duly organ
j ized ex-Governor Gosford of Los Angeles
; made a stirrinp speech. In which he said
the Gage of battle has been thrown down.
i He remarked:
"I want to say to you old soldiers that
i Henry T. Gage is an honest man through
and through to the core of his heart. He
j can neither be bought nor bulldozed. He Is
blessed with a remarkable degree of cxc-
I cutiv-e ability, and is so gifted with per
i ceptive power that he can measure the
1 character of a man at a glance. He Is
■ the cleanest, bravest and best candidate
for Governor ever placed before tne peo
ple of California. The best interests of
the country demand that the Bepubli
cans should win the battle."
At this stage of the proceedings the
committee on resolutions, consisting of
Loud. Salomon, Babcock, Talcott and
Gosford, submitted the following report,
which was adopted:
Resolved, By th* Army and Navy Republi
can League, In annual encampment assembled,
that we heartily Indorse the platform adopted
by the Republican State convention in Sacra
mento, August 24, 1898.
Resolved, That we give the nominees of our
party our full and unqualified support and do
everything possible for the success of the Re
publican ticket.
Resolved. That we believe the great Repub
lican party to be the true and tried friend of
the veteran soldiers and sailors of the war for
Resolved! That we demand of the Republican
party that the claims of the veteran Union sol
diers and sailors for their share in the dis
tribution of Government employment be re-
OOgniMd,
A resolution Indorsing Leon Jones for
Sheriff of San Francisco and pledging
veterans to support him was adopted,
with three cheers for Jones.
Colonel Blackburn of Leland Stanford
Camp moved that the convention Indorse i
Eugene F. Loud for renominatlon for I
Congress in the Fifth District.
Comrade Houguet of Oakland asked if
Mr. Loud had ever raised his voice in
Congress against civil service. If there is i
Spy man that ought to be opposed to civil j
service it was the old soldier. 1 -.•
Blackburn— Comrade Loud stands by -^
every man that carried a musket. _.^ • - «
Voice— Congressman Loud is on recora
against civil service. - / i*/ 1 r-««
Comrade Houguet— lf he is, the Con
gressional Record does not show it. 1 do
not vote in his district, but as ; a veteran
I want to know if he has ever raised his
voice against civil service. We turned
down a man in the Third District, where
I live because he did not oppose civil ser
vice as applied to veterans. Better cut
him off now than to have him defeated at
the Dolls by a Democrat. L; ; .
Comrade Loud took the floor to speak,
but Comrade C. Mason Kinne gestured for
permission to say a word.
Loud— l can take care of myself. .
Kinne-Has the Republican party, ever
declared against civil service? I know
Comrade Loud, for I served In the same
"fiuK c^tal^care of myself.- I have
been in hotter places than this. Alllask
of any man here or elsewhere is simple
fairness. No man is my enemy because
he opposes :my election. - but my name is
not 'here for indorsement with, my con
sent When I am nominated let those
who' oppose me come forward. I recog
nize that every man has a right to aspire
?o pubHc office . and i the right to crt tic
public servants. I never sought the in
dorsement of this body or any. other body
under God's sun, and never shall. In jus
tice and honor to me, drop my name here.
I am not ashamed of any act of mine in
Congress If the time ever comes that my
conduct shall not accord with my own
convictions of justice and .duty, l will re
tlr A ft f e r^o P m a bl c C onf f v the motion to in
dorse Mr. Loud's candidacy was with
drawn by Mr. Blackburn.
Nominations for commander-in-cnler
were then declared in order. —
H. D. Talcott nominated George Bab
cock of Alameda. _
. Comrade Smith nominated W. H. Sea- 1
mans of. Los Angeles. „',.... - ,
Colonel Charles L. Pierce of the Sons of
Veterans and Major E. A. Sherman, a
veteran of the Mexican War, and Com
rade-Osborne seconded the nomination of
Babcock. The nomination of Seamans was
seconded by Colonel J. C. Currier and ex-
Governor Gosford. ,-.'„.
The ballot resulted: Seamans laS, Bab
cock 49 .... ■ !-<.. ,■ v : , . -.
Comrade Ellis moved ,that 1 ? 3 ? 3 .'
election as comander-in-cnief be declared
unanimous. It was carried.
H D Talcott was elected vice-com
mander, W. B. Benchly quartermaster,
W. S. Blackburn inspector general, W. M.
Hilton adjutant general and E. L. Hawk
ordnance officer.
An executive council was chosen, con- •
sisting of: T. C. Masteller, S. M Carr,
T. W. Sheehan. E. H. Hernck, John W.
Travers C. L. Metzer. Harry Matnewson,
Frank Elliot Myers, George Babcock and
John M. Lambert. ■■-■;■■ " . a . _
The new officers were installed by Past
Commander Salomon.
RATIFY THE ACTION
OF THE CONVENTION
Republicans of Tehama County Hold
a Jollification Meeting at
Bed Bluff.
RED BLUFF, Aug. 27.— The cam
paign seems to have opened early here,
as was evidenced by the Republican rati
fication held to-night at Oak and Wash
ington streets. A large crowd was in at
tendance and a band discoursed music.
The meeting was called to order by
Chairman Charles Willard. He intro
duced Charles Beckman of Sacramento,
formerly Railroad Commissioner, who
addressed the assemblage for a half
hour. The following speakers were then
introduced in order: John Clements, Her
bert Gans, Maurice Connell and J. T.
Matlock. Matlock was the last speaker,
and reviewed the record of each candi
date on the Republican State ticket. The
rally closed with cheers for the Republi
can party.
SAN LUIS OBTSPO, Aug. 27.— There was
great enthusiasm in this city to-night in
the ratification of the Republican State
ticket. Speeches were made by Benjamin
Brooks, K. Warren, John A. Nelson and
A. L. Johnson.
■FUSION IN SANTA CRUZ.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 27.— The Democrats
and Populists effected fusion to-day. The
Populists will name candidates for Aud
itor, Superintendent of Schools and Coro
ner and the Democrats the balance of the
ticket. The convention will be held on
September 15.
Thirty-Fourth District.
A meeting of the Republicans of the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District was held
at the opera hall on Mission street last
night. I. J. Truman presided. A resolu
tion was adopted in which the action of
the County Committee was criticized re
garding the manner adopted by that
body in selecting delegates to the State
convention. The object of introducing
the resolution at this time was not so
much to correct past errors as to caution
the County Committee against a repeti
tion of what the club considered an un
fair mode of selecting delegates.
The club was addressed by A. P. Van
Duzer, Frank Zann, M. V. Taylor, Dor
san Nichols and E. I. Robinson.
The following members were appointed
on the executive committee: Dorsan
Nichols, John J. Aloran, W. E. Bouton,
M. V. Taylor, James Haslett, George C.
Sargant, I. J. Truman, C. J. Peterson and
Sam Booth. The enrolling committee con
sists of F. J. Hurst, D. C. Ray and S. H.
Richards.WINE HOUSE
REFUSES TO
PAY WAR TAXES
The Disputed Impost
Will Be Tested.
CLAIM THAT IT IS UNJUST
ASSERT THAT THEY ARE NOT
UNPATRIOTIC.
Lome Very Plain Statements Calcu
: . lated to Show That the Tax
on Wines Is Decidedly
: One-Sided.
•". The Internal Revenue Department has
. been {riven a hard nut to crack in con
• nection with the tax on California wines
•in • bottles. There baa been wide com
! plaint from wholesale and retail wine
merchants, bottlemen and proprietors of
restaurants that the tax imposed is dis
:'• criminating and not constitutional. These
. are made on the fact that the
'. • man who produces the wine and the
' : dealer who sells bulk wines escape the
Impost, while the bottler, the merchant
arid caterer who sells wines in glass are
■ required to bear the whole burden. In
border to test the legality of this section
of the war revenue law the Wetmore
■. Bowen Company, which is more largely
affected than any other bottling house in
. the city, have refused to place stamps on
their goods as required by the statute and
are awaiting further action of the Gov
ernment calculated to bring tho dispute
to a final settlement.
In a letter to Collector of Internal Rev
enue Lynch, dated yesterday, the wine
' men set* forth the reasons for their action
as. follows:
• Dear Sir: Be pleased to be advised that we
Lily protest the payments by us of war
;e tax on all wines that we have bottled
the passage of the recent war revenue
tax measure, as well as on all wines that we
may hereafter bottle and otter for sale.
. . It Is our belief that this tax on bottled wines
■ U discriminative, unjust and unconstitutional.
■ We can see no good reason why wine In bottle*
. should be subject to a tax. while Wine In wood
■ rfmali'.s uiuaxed.
We believe it would b« as discriminative and
unjust t.i levy tax on tea in paper packages
• and not In wooden chests, or to tax potatoes
In sack* and not In the bin as It Is to tax
wine In plass and not in wood.
. : You are aware that a uniform tax Is put
-' upon all beer In wood and that It Is taxed at
t:;--> brewery where It is made and that no
■tax is required when this same beer Is put
Into a bottle. You are further aware that
whisky Is taxed in wood at the distillery
■ ' where It is made and not when It Is put Into
■•■ bottles. . .
■ • We respectfully suggest therefore that wine
• should be taxed at the winery while It Is In
■ •wood and where it is made. It seems to us
that this would be a more tangible way for
the Government to accomplish its object and
It would place an equitable tax upon every
• producer. ... .
We are in favor of this and are willing and
desirous of paying our proportion of the Gov
ernment requirement In response to taxation
on wine. We beg to call your attention to
■• the fact that a demijohn containing five gal
• lons of wine Is taxed, while a keg containing
five gallons of wine goes without taxation;
likewise in some restaurants of this city wine
'■ Is served in glass pitchers and is therefore
' untaxed while other restaurants serve It in
bottles and place the stamp required by enact
. 'ment upon each bottle. i.-^
The taxing of all • wine produced at the
■ winery would avoid evasions that are apparent j
'at the present time. As all the Cresta Blanca i
'• wine we produce Is Bold exclusively In glass !
• we are taxed for every pint we sell, while j
many larger growers and merchants who sell i
■" millions of gallons in wood annually excape j
• without paying one cent of taxation.
' ' You can see, therefore, that this protest Is
not made from an unpatriotic standpoint, but
one based upon equity and upon our lnterpre
•■• tatlon of the constitution of the United States.
•'We therefore respectfully protest the pay- j
"■ meat by us of any further tax on our bottled
wines.
THE ALHAMBRA.
Box Office of the New Vaudeville ;
TheaVer Opened.
The Alhamhra Theater, under the pres- I
. sure of insistent demand, has opened its j
.' box office for business earlier than was
intended. The sale of seats for the open
ing night. September 3, is very lively, and
• there is every indication that there will be
• a' large and fashionable audience on that
occasion. So far as the front of the house
'.. Is- concerned, everything is in perfect
ness and the scenic artists are giving
. the finishing touches to their work.
The Alhambra will be one of the hand
somest and most comfortable theaters in
• the city and is to be devoted exclusively
' to hiph-class vaudeville. It has a seating
capacity of 2300. perfect ventilation, ten
• exits a proscenium arch of forty-two feet.
■ beventy-flve feet depth of stage, and every
seat has a full view of the stage. The in
t.-rior decoration* and arrangements are
hiphlv artistic. Professor Rostetter, the
•' musical director, latf of Koster & Bial's
ol New York, has his fine orchestra well
in hand, and Managing Director De Ken
- ri«-t Bayi he hax a bill for the grand open-
Ing that cannot be excelled in this coun-
•Popular prices will prevail. Reserved
opera chairs and box seats, 50 cents; re
served f=oats. 25 cents; belle etage box
75 cents. The belle etage boxes are
a novelty on this coast and will be the
aristocratic seats of thn house. Matinee
- 25 cents for reserved seats in any
part of the house; children, 10 cents.
ANOTHER BIG RAFT,
Six Million Feet of Lumber Being
Towed From Portland to San
Francisco.
Some weeks ago there was towed to San
Francisco from Portland a raft of lumber
containing 3.000.000 feet. When it started
■ it had 4,000.000 feet, but when about half
.way here it encountered a Btorm and
. broke in two, losing a quarter section
' from the middle. The other parts were
■ successfully brought into port.
Not at all discouraged by this mishap,
the shippers of this raft flnman Paulsen
A Co.. the big sawmill men of Portland)
have another and larger one on the way
here, and it is expected to arrive early
. this week. It is 400 feet long, and con
: tains fi.000,000 feet of lumber. It is con
. Ptruoteri on the same plan as the first,
■ with crosp-timbers and numerous verti
cal iron rods, li is evident that big ship
ments of lumber from the north will con
• tlnue to be rafted ht-re.
Demanded a Jury.
.Attorney E. M. Comyns, charged with
petty larceny by trick and device, de
manded a trial by jury when his cane was
rallf-d In Judge Joa'-himsen's court yes
terday morning. The trial was set for
to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock. Comyns
is accused of stealing a receipt for $50
bail money from Peter Cunningham, the
old miser, and receiving the amount from
the City Treasurer.
GRAPE-NUTS.
A DAINTY DISH.
With the Delicate Sweet of Grape-
Sugar.
The meat eater and the vegetarian
alike are charmed with the new food,
Orape-Xuts. They have a crisp taste,
•with the delicate flavor of grape-sugar,
and are entirely ready for the table
without any necessity for cooking
whatever. Made by Postum Co., Bat-
tle Creek, Mich.
Grape-Nuts furnish one of the dan-
tlest dishes ever placed on a breakfast
table. j
OAKLAND AT
SIX TO FIVE
A Close Game Which
Was Full of Interest.
GOOD WORK BY PITCHERS
STOCKTON SUFFERS FROM A
DOSE OF HARD LUCK.
Borchers Might Have Tied the Score
in the Ninth, but He Was
Reckless and Died at
Home Plate.
They did their best to tie the score In |
the ninth, but they failed, and thereby j
hangs a tale of sorrow for Stockton and
a gladsome rejoicing for Oakland. The :
score was 6 to 6, with the Slough City ]
people on the under side. Knell rapped •
the sphereold and took first on a single. ;
Then Borchers of ancient fame discovered ;
the angle of Moskiman's curves and did !
not stop running until he adorned the
second bag and Knell scored. Then Smith
wielded the stick for a single and Borch
ers with as much steam as he could com
mand started for home. His run would ;
have tied the score had he made it. He
died an awful death three feet from the
home plate.
The game was of good quality, with
just enough errors not to mar It. Both
pitchers did splendid work, especially
Moskiman, who struck out six men and
gave but two bases on balls. Knell,
with the exception of one inning, twirled
In old-time form. The disastrous Inning
for the Stocktonians was the second, when
the Oakland team scored five runs. The
Stocktons in the beginning of the second
placed three tallies to their credit and
they were happy. But their lightsome
emotions were darkened in a very short
time by the sluggers from across the bay.
At the end of the inning the score stood
5 to 3.
Muller of the Stocktons distinguished
himself by his splendid hitting and field
ing. During the entire game nis playing
was gingery and at all times productive
ofgood results.
The score is as follows:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. 88. PO. A. E.
i Donovan, o. f » 1 1 0 1 1 1
I O'Neill J b 4 110 8 10
I Lange. S b 4 0 1 0 8 1 1
I Sullivan, o 4 0 0 0 8 10
! Hardle, r. t 4 0 0 0 10 2
j Bliss. 1 b 4 1113 0 0
I Schmer, 8. * 4 10 0 2 2 3
1 Moskiman, p 4 12 0 0 7 0
Dean, 1. t 4 110 8 0 1
Totals SS 6 7 1 27 13 8
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, r. t 5 9 2 0 1 0 0
Borchers, lb 6 0 2 0 9 0 0
Smith, 2 b 5 0 114 12
Patterson, c. t 4 0 0 0 10 1
Rice, 2 b 4 110 18 1
Muller, 1. f „.. 4 12 0 4 0 0
Stroeker, o 4 110 2 10
White, s. s 2 0 0 0 2 6 1
Knell, p 4 2 10 0 6 1
Totals 88 5 10 1 24 17 I
RUNS BY INXINGS.
Stockton 01010000 I—6
Base hit* 04020001 ■*— 9
Oakland 0 6 0 0 0 0 0 1 *— 6
Base hits 13 0 10 0 0 2 •— T
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Muller 2. Stroeker, Donovan,
Mofklman, Borchers. Ba«e on errors — Oakland
5, Stockton 4. liases on balls— Off Moskiman 2.
off Knell 1. Left on bases — Oakland 6, Stock
ton S. Struck out— By Moskiman 6, by Knell 3.
Passed balls— Sullivan 1, Stroeker 2. Wild
pitches — Moskiman. Knell. Time of game — 1
hour and 40 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell. Of
ficial scorer— T. J. Bonnet.
The line-up for to-day is:
Oakland. Position. San Francisco.
Russell Pitcher I berg
Bulli van Catcher Hammond
Bliss Fi rst base Murphy
O' »11l Second base Smith
L&nge Third base Monahan
Schmer Short stop H. Krug
Moskiman Left field Shea
Donovan Center field K. Krug
Hardle Right field Dunleavy
WOODMEN WENT TO
SAN LORENZO GROVE
THEY HAD A WOOD CHOPPING
AND SAWING TEST.
Members of the Head Camp and La
dies Had a Pleasant Time in
Alameda County.
The head officers and the delegates to
the Head Camp of the Pacific Coaat juris
diction of the Woodmen of the World
were the guests yesterday of the camps
of Alameda County.
A committee of thirty from Oakland,
Peralta, Elm, Cherry, Old Orchard, Cy
press, Spruce, Forest, Athens, Alpha,
Maple and Mount Eden camps, of which
J. K. Jeffries was chairman, and I. I. I
Boak secretary, arranged for them a day
at San Lorenzo Grove. At 8:30 o'clock a
sub-committee, consisting of J. K. Jef
fries and J. L. Greer of Oakland, E. O.
Turner of Berkeley, \V. P. Soulsberg of
Alameda and J. D. Armstrong and A. L.
Palton of Elmhurst, presented themselves
at the headquarters of the delegation, the
California Hotei, where a procession, in
which, in addition to the officers and dele
gates, were delegates from the Grand
Circle of Woodcraft and relatives of the
delegates, was formed, and they marched
to the ferry.
The excursionists were conveyed to
Washington and Seventh streets, where
they boa: (led a special train on the elec
tric line, and after a pleasant ride through
Alameda County were landed at the
grove.
On the way there the train slowed up
as it passed Camp Barrett, the band
played the "Star-spangled Banner" and
all the excursionists rose and sang the
words of the anthem. The soldiers re
turned the compliment by waving their
hats, while the sentries came to a pre
sent.
After lunch in the grove came the fea
ture of the day, which was the wood
chopping and sawing contests. Twelve
Inch logs were taken to an open space, all
present formed a circle, and only two
contestants went to work to make the
chips fly. The first was Olney Spear of
Haywards Camp, who, with steady, well
directed bloww, made Incisions in the lop
until he had cut half way through. He
then turned the log, hewed on the other
side, and in 2:27V^ minutes had finished.
He was followed by a delegate, who is a
Sheriff of the State of Washington, a tall,
muscular individual, the equal in size of
his oppon^U. In the first half of the
work ne made better time than his prede
cessor, but on the second half he lost
time. His record was 3:44V4.
Then came the sawyer*. The first team
—Will Greer of Oakland Camp and W. H.
Robertson of Athens Camp— with a cross
cut saw went through the log in 45&
seconds. They were followed by J. 8.
Patterson of Golden Gate Camp and C
Brown of Western Addition Camp, who
showed they were not in it by taking
1-21% minutes in doing what their prede
cessors had done. The third team— W.
H Robertson of Athens Camp and J. J.
Willis of Spokane Camp— carried off the
honors by doing the work In 41 seconds.
During the afternoon there were short
addresses on woodcraft by J. L. Geary
Ir and Head Manager Hawley, who gave
interesting facts and figures about the
OI The rest of the afternoon was devoted
tO To*day l tiie visitors will be ta^en in car
riages to Golden Gate Park, the Cliff and
Sutro Heights.
New Transportation Company.
The Coquille River Coal and Transport
ation Company Incorporated yesterday,
with a capital stock of $60,000, of which
VJM ha« been subscribed. The directors
are- W B. King. F. W. Kronenberg, E.
R. Smith, W. H. Bailey and R. L. Cheney . m
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
SHORT ENDERS
WERE HAPPY
Upsets Were Numerous
at Union Park.
QUITE SPEEDY YOUNGSTERS
A HABD STAKE FROM WHICH
TO PICK A WINNER.
With Fine Weather Grand Coursing
Will Be Enjoyed To-Pay at
Both Parks — The Pro
granune.
Two rounds of the largest puppy stake
that has ever been slated for a coursing
meeting were decided yesterday at Union
Coursing Park, and a grander lot of
young dogs than those that contested for
coin and glory would be hard to find In
any part of this gTeat country.
The final rounds will be run to-day prior
to the open stake.
The talent thought that It was a good
bet that Rest Assured would win a flag
from Lyga, but when the dogs were
slipped the judge* of form found their
mistake, although It was a very close
course.
There was a very strong tip out on
Maid of Bail, who is owned by the well
known breeder, Tim Cronin, but the Maid,
although going well along near the finish,
was no match for Curtis & Son's young
dog, Luxor, who, as the talent expressed
It, had too much foot for the lady.
J. F. Halton's well-bred youngster, Tic-
Tac, was one of the very long short-end
ers that caused pockets to burn and la
dies to weep.
Tic-Tax; entered the slips with Jersey
Lily a 3& to 1 favorite, and to a good
hare they started to cross the field. It
was a pretty course, but Tic-Tac did some
fine work near the finish and won the
flag. Tobasco, who sold at $1 as against
$lv on Gold Hill, came very near winning
a smali fortune for a few of the short
enders who had confidence in his ability
to defeat Gold Hill. Had Tobasco made a
good showing from the slips he would cer
tainly have got a color raised in his favor,
as he accomplished some very good work
In the latter part of the course.
The second round was replete with sur
prises. Those who played the short ends
regardless of lon odds wore smiling faces
when the last flag of the day was raised
The dogs that sold on the short end ana
won money for their backers were: Fox
Kenny. Tic-Tac, Gold Hill, O X Capital.
Statesman and Rock Island Boy.
The final course of the day, between
Victor King, an Eastern dog, and Wait
a Little, was declared a no course by the
Judge- but in the second trial Victor won.
Leashmen will watch with keen interest
to-day the performance of. the recently
imported English dog, Kentish Girl. She
is .said to be very fast, but not being ac
climated, it Is not expected that she will
run up to her real form.
Puppy stake, first round— Trinket beat Sun
burst; St. Gertrude beat Meta; For Kenny beat
Campania; Ly«a beat Rest Assured; Luxor
beat Maid of Bail; Blacklock beat Rich and |
Artless; Miss Skyball beat Top Notch; Golden
Rußsett beat Daisy Deane; Tic-Tac beat Jersey
Lily Bull Hill beat Lawrence; Gold Hill beat
Tobasco; Admiral Dewey beat Yoeemite;
Brutus beat Snapshot; O. K. Capital had a
bye; Rose of Tralee beat Lucky Dog; Wild
Tralee beat Regular Army; Statesman beat I
Morning Glory: Lady Marlon beat Petroniua; j
I Iberty Bell beat Gratify; Rock Island Boy :
beat Riot Act; Victor King be*t Prince Jerome; |
AValt a Little beat Rocket.
Second round— St. Gertrude beat Trinket; Fox
Kenny t>eat Lyga; Luxor beat Blacklock; Gol
den Russett beat Miss Sky tall; Tic-Tac beat
Bull Hill; Gold Hill beat Admiral Dewey; O.
X Capital beat Brutus; Statesman beat Rose
of Tralee; Wild Tralee beat Lady Marion; Rock
Island Boy beat Liberty Bell; Victor King beat
Walt a Little.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Fleet Hounds Give the Bettors an In
teresting Afternoon's Sport.
Shortenders had few oportunities to
swell their bank accounts at Ingleside
yesterday during the run down of the fleet
hounds. The talent had things their own
way most of the time, but occasionally
some favorite would succumb to the
speed of a rank outsider, and then the
former class would crow. This happened
at the outset, when Whitehall beat Our
Boy at 2 to 1. Tullamore proved invin
cible during the afternoon, downing good
dogs every time she was slipped. Despite
the fact that Rosaleen was not acclimated
and that she was cut up In a collision
with a barb-wire fence, the Eastern dog
won handily. Heather Dell was picked to
: lose the first course, but disappointed the
* wiseacres. Long Shot Conley had a hard
' course but should win the stake to-day,
as he is running fast and is a clever dog.
The winners of the ties oT the non-win
ners' stake to-day should be Magenta,
Systematic and L. S. Conley.
The running yesterday was as follows:
First round— F. G. Fentlman's White Hall
beat's E Portal's Our Boy; J. Murntne's
Valley Maid beat J. Strand's NewHboy; A. Van
derberg's Hobnon heat A. Halgh's Hattel; B.
Dougherty's Heather Pell beat T. McHujh's
Matchless: Lowe & Thompson's Phoebe beat P.
OafTney's Sprig o1o 1 Hill; H. McNeil's Sportsman
brat G Burfelnd's Van Kirk; H. Allen's Miss
Lois beat T. McHughs Springfield; London &
McCulluugh's Magneta beat O. Lii>i>ert's Prince
L- Kay & Trent's Masterpiece beat I. L. Sears'
Beauty: Oibson & Moore's Monitor beat O.
Hoag's Obadiah; O. Smart's Silkwood beat R.
Honey's Flying Cloud; Deekelman &. Panario's
Glen Chloe beat IMilon & Beilly s Dauntless;
K. W. Wyman's Rush o' Hill beat Handy &
Smith's Peneimmonß; D. Shannon's System
atic beat Penelope Kennel's San Mateo; J. Far
lev's Tullamore beat Dillon & Reilly's Qran
uale' Dillon & Reilly's Revolver beat J. Cox's
Clifton Lass; S. Hanson's L. 8. Conley beat
Max Her*'>g's Lanky Bob: J. Byrne'« Nelly B
beat O Smart's Chlquita; Captain Clarkson's
i Kerry Gow beat J. Farley's Mystic; B. Dough
erty's Palmer Hill beat Lohnsen's Wheel of
Fortune- M Allen's Rosaleen beat 8. Strehl'»
Jlrnmy Cook; C. Brown's Rosalie beat W.
Sweeney's La Juive; H. Weber's Montana boat
, p Qaffney's Loralne; F. Murphy's Gilt Edge
beat C. Strehl's Skylark.
First ties— Valley Maid beat Whitehall:
Heather Dell beat Hobson; Sportsman beat
1 Phoebe' Magncta beat Miss Lois; Masterpiece
i beat Monitor; Glen Chloe beat Silkwood: Sys
! tematlc beat Bush o' Hill; Tullamore beat
Revolver' L. 8. Conley beat Nelly B; Kerry
Gow beat Palmer Hill: Rosalie beat Rosaleen:
Gilt Edge beat Montana.
Second ties— Heather Dell beat Valley Maid:
Magneta beat Sportsman; Glen Chloe beat
Masterpiece; L. £. Conley beat Kerry Gow;
Gilt Edge beat Rosalie.
The running at Ingleside to-day open* at 10
o'clock.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush. Larkin sts. ; swimming. Russian, hot and
cold tub baths: salt v direct from ocean.
—« ♦ ■
FIRST WEEK OF THE FAIR.
Attendance Large and Receipts Have
Met Expectations.
The first week of the Irish Fair closed
last evening, and it has proved a success
in every respect. The receipts from ad
missions yesterday exceeded those of any
day since the opening. If the attendance
keeps on increasing at the present rate
the Celtic Union and those interested in
the management of the fair will realize
sufficient money to buy a lot and erect
the proposed Iris. Society Hall.
L,a?t evening a battalion of the Eighth
California Regiment, commanded by
Lieutenant Colonel Carrington, was pres
ent together with many other volunteers.
The vote for me most popular county in
Ireland is growing in interest, and will be
announced hereafter from day to day.
To-morrow evening is Scotch night,
when the old Scotch tunes will mingle
with the Irish airs.
Estates in Probate.
Mary A. Foyle has applied for letters of
administration upon the estate of Mar
garet Foyle, who died on the sth lnst.,
leaving an estate valued at $1500. Ellen
E. Horan asks for letters of administra
tion upon the estate of Rosana Aston.
The estate does not exceed $5000 in value.
Advances made on -furniture and pianos, with
r without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-102S Mission.
FIRE ARRAY OF
FLORAL BEAUTY
Santa Cruz Red Cross
Scores a Success.
DAHLIA SHOW AN ATTRACTION
BEAUTIFUL EXHIBITS FROM
LOCAL GARDENS.
Buds and Blossoms of Countless Hues
and Varieties to Pleaae the
Eye and Further a Good
Cause.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 27.— The ladle*
of the Red Cross Society are scoring
a success with their dahlia and floral
exhibit In the Hotaling building. The
rooms present a wealth of floral bloom
and the gorgeous colored dahlias are
well worth beholding. The windows
are arranged with ferns and flowers
in a moat artistic manner. In them
the immense bunch of varl-colored
dahlias attracts especial attention.
They are all from the garden of Golden
Gate Villa, the summer home of Major
Prank McLaughlin.
Within the building Is one of the
finest exhibits of dahlias ever shown.
The climate of Santa Cruz is excep
tionally favorable for the cultivation
of this flower. The table of Peter
Thrift, who makes a specialty of dahlia
culture, contains more varieties than
that of any other. Dahlias of every
shape and from the most delicate tints
to the most gorgeous hues are on
exhibition and arranged in a very
pleasing manner.
The table presided over by the ladies
of the Red Cross includes all the flow
ers In bloom at this season of the year
and presents a beautiful sight. They
are especially indebted to A. Noble of
Rosedale for a collection of giant
fuchsias, roses and gladiolas. As with
every other table dahlias predominate.
Dr. C. L. Anderson has on exhibit at
this table the blossom of the wild aster,
which was brought from India and
transplanted.
The exhibit of Thomas Thompson is
very striking and includes the rarest
specimens of hothouse plants and ferns.
He especially excels in his exhibit of
carnations. Asters are prominently
displayed, and his finely arranged box
of Thompson seedling dahlias in moss
is beautiful.
From Rutherglen Terrace, the home
of James McNeil, on the Cliff drive, is
a table arranged by Mr. and Mrs.
George Kirby. The principal display is
asters in white, pink, pruple and lav
ender, and a finer exhibit of this flower
has never before been made. The
dahlias are not one whit behind the
rest, while Mr. Kirby is the only one to
make a display of pansies. His table
is of a set design and arranged with
moss and bordered with pink, white
and lavender asters.
Dr. J. P. Parker, a most ardent
lover of flowerß, and who is very
successful as well as enthusiastic in
regard to floriculture, has a won
derful exhibit of carnations of count
less varieties, all raised in the open
air. His gloxianas. with their deep
crimson and purple centers, are a cen
ter of attraction.
E. Leedham has the largest display,
occupying three tables, two of which
are of dahlias, including some very
fine cacti dahlias and baskets of dahlias
arranged in designs. His dahlias ar<?
prominently displayed and are of va
rieties and colors without number and
of all shapes and sizeß.
REDS ALMOST ON EVEN
TERMS WITH BOSTON
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubß— W, L. Prt. Club*— W. L. Pot.
Boston 69 40 .638 Plttsi>urg ...66 65 .604
Cincinnati ..70 41 .631 •Philadelphia 60 56 .473
Baltimore ...65 39 .625 Loulrville ...44 6S .3*3
Cleveland ...65 44 .096 Brooklyn 40 65 .**i
New Y0rk... 81 47 .565 Washington 40 69 .367
Chicago 62 49 .559 St. Louis 31 80 .27J
CINCINNATI, Aug. 27.— Fifleld gave two
bases on balls, made a costly error and
allowed a hit, which gave the Reds two
runs in the fifth. Hawley was not hit
very hard at any time during the game.
Attendance. 3000. Score:
Clubs-# R. H. E.
Cincinnati $ 4 i
Philadelphia 16 2
Flatteries— Hawley and Peitz; Flflcld and
Murphy. Umpires— Gaff ney and Brown.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— The fielding of the
Giants was very sloppy to-day and they
were able to get but five singles off Grif
fith. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 10 W 8
New York 3 6 8
Batteries — Griffith and Donohue; Seymour
and Warner. Umpires— McDonald and O"Day.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 27.— Klobedanz was
easy, and Plttsburg batted him all over
tne field. In the first inning Bowerman
was badly spiked by Stahl, and In the
seventh Gardner had a finger split by a
hard-hit ball from Lowe's bat. Neither of
the injured men can play again for a
week or two. Attendance, 2800. Score;
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg • 10 1
Boston 15 4
Batteries— Gardner, Tannehlll and Schrivsr;
Klnbedanz and Bergen. Umpires— Lynch and
Andrews.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Tho Brooklyn
and Cleveland National League teams
played at Culver field this afternoon, the
latter winning by a score of 6to 2. It was
a beautiful game. Both Cuppy and Yea
ger were In fine form, but the latter went
wrong in the first Inning, thereby losing
the game. Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubß— R. H. K.
Cleveland « 4 1
Brooklyn 2 7 0
Batteries— Cuppy and Crlrer; Teager and
Ryan. Umpires— Conaon and Hunt.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 27.— The crippled
Senators gave the Colonels a close rub to
day. Decker's single sent in the winning
run In the tenth inning. Attendance, 1500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
LoulKvllle 4 11 1
Washington J 8 2
Batteries— Magee arid Kittredge; Klllen and
Farrell. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 27.— Tucker's error of
Cross' throw In the opening inning gave
the Orioles three runs in the first and the
game. The Browns could not hit Mc-
James at opportune times. Attendance?,
3100. Score:
ciub»— R. H. E.
Bt. Louis 2 5 1
Baltimore '■; « 10 1
Batteries— Sudhoft* and Kinslow; McJames and
Clarke. Umpire— Emslie.
MURDEH OF A CHINESE.
Vegetable Gardener Shot to Death in
a Cabin Near Stockton.
STOCKTON, Aug. 27 >5 -Ung Hong, a Chi
naman, who had been raising potatoes
on the McDougald tract, was found dead
In his cabin this morning on the French
Camp road, south of town, with a bullet
hole on the right side of his neck. He
■was lying In a pool of blood. As there
was no weapon of any kind found In the
cabin It Is evident that the Chinaman
was murdered and probably robbed. There
Is no clew to the murderer.
Death of Professor Marks.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— Professor A. J.
Marks, author of "Holy Land" and "A
Blrdseye View of Palestine," Is dead. As
a lecturer Professor Marka was best
known In Chautauqua circles.
DH. PIERCES REMEDIES
A HEARTRENDING SPECTACLE
The Strange, Pathetio Tale Brought to
Light by Our Porto Rioan Campaign.
Its Significance to American Women
One of the saddest, most incredible
revelations of Spanish atrocity in all
this heart-thrilling and desperate war
is the wretched multitude of hopeless
prisoners discovered in the filthy dun-
geons of Cuba and Porto Rico.
".Their case is even more deplorable,"
says the New York Herald, "than that
of the wretched reconcentrados. These
are men and women who have been
kept in Jail for unconscionable terms,
some on trumped up charges, some on
no charges at all. In some instances
faded and worn women who had once
RELEASE OF PORTO RICAN PRIS- I
ONERS.
been beautiful, gaunt and ragged men
who had once been prosperous, could
scarcely realize that prison doors
which seemed forever sealed were at ,
last opened to them."
But if it is a glorious and noble thing /
for this great country, with its mag- £
niflcent Illimitable power, to throw
wide open the prison doors and release
the miserable creatures so desperately
ground beneath Spain's iron heel, it is
no less a gTeat and pressing duty of
American manhood to think of the ten
thousand wives and mothers of free
America whose lot is more pathetic and
miserable than that of these wretched
Porto Rlcans.
WOMEN PRISONERS OF FREE
AMERICA.
These women of our own country
with homes to shelter and hearts to
love them, with all the surroundings
which ought to make life a pleasure
and a blessing, are yet weighed down
with an inward physical weakness
which shuts them off from the sun-
shine and happiness of life as com-
pletely and hopelessly as If they were
immured in the darkest confines of a
Spanish dungeon.
Sentenced to years of continual suf-
fering, weariness and distaste of liv-
ing, their sense of melancholy and de-
spair filling even their own cheerful
homes with prison-like gloom, the
daily round of housework grows more
and more irksome and dreadful until it
finally rests upon them like the leaden
routine of a Jail.
A woman whose life is embittered
and poisoned by the weaknesses or
diseases peculiar to her sex cannot but
feel that this penalty which nature has
inflicted upon her is more unreasonable
than the despotism of a Spanish ty-
rant. How startling it seems that a
true woman, capable in heart and soul
of being a loving wife and mother,
should, by sheer physical incapacity,
be deprived of the crowning happiness
of womanhood.
A QUESTION FOR HUSBANDS.
This is something for every husband
in the land to consider, and then deter-
mine if there be not something more
than fine furniture and beautiful sur-
roundings needed, and which he can
furnish to brighten his wife's existence
and to make his home, as it should be.
the ever-living source of comfort and
Joy.
No one can give an ailing, sensitive
woman too much sympathy. The best
of husbands cannot half appreciate
what she suffers. If the doctor is
called in, ten to one he will not diasr-
nose the case correctly. The ordinary
local practitioner has no special knowl-
edge of special diseases. He will prob-
ably prescribe for "Indigestion" or
"liver complaint" or "heart trouble,"
and never once reach the real funda-
mental trouble lurking in the organs
distinctly feminine.
The woman herself may hardly real-
ize where the cause of the whole diffi-
culty lies, and If she does, the thought
of the mortifying questionings, "exam-
inations" and "local applications,"
which modest women dread, will deter
her from speaking frankly. She knows
the doctor does not understand her
case; she feels that his medicines are
giving her no real help; yet she takes
them in the vain hope that so,me way.
somehow, she will be better in a little
while. But no woman ever was or
ever can be well while a hMden ailment
of this nature is daily and hourly sap-
ping away x her very life.
WHAT BOTH HUSBAND AND WIFE
SHOULD KNOW.
If every ailing woman could know
what Dr. Pierces wonderful "Favorite
Prescription" has done for countless
thousands of her suffering sisters, fe-
male complaints would become almost
unknown throughout the length and
breadth of this country. This extraor-
dinary "Prescription" Is the outgrowth
of thorough education, deep research
and an almost unparalleled experience.
Its origmator, Dr. R. V. Pierce, of
Buffalo, N. V., has devoted a long life
of earnest effort to the study and treat-
ment of the various diseases peculiar to
women. For thirty years, as chief con-
sulting physician of the famous World's
Dispensary Medical Association of Buf-
falo, he has had a wider practical expe-
rience in this speciaj field of medical
practice than probably any other physi-
cian in America.
He designed this marvelous "Pre-
scription" for the one specific purpose
of healing, strengthening and purifying
the distinctly feminine organism. It Is
for this and nothing else. It heals all
ulceratlve conditions and unnatural
drains: overcomes all weaknesses and
derangements; imparts strength to the
supporting ligaments and tonic power
to the nerve centers.
There never was any other medicine
so scientifically devised for the express
benefit of womankind; there never was
any other which accomplished this pur-
| DB. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES
pose so completely and permanently.
It is a temperance medicine, not a
mere stimulant. There is no alcohol In
it, no narcotic drugs. The persistent
use of preparations containing such
agents is liable to awaken a morbid,
intemperate craving. The "Favorite
Prescription" develops no bad habits,
The health it bestows is natural, genu-
ine, vigorous and permanent.
"I was sick for a long time with fe-
male trouble, but paid little attention to
it until last winter," says Mrs. Lydia
Craft of Larwood, Linn County, Ore-
gon, in a letter to Dr. Pierce. "I mis-
carried and this left me in a weakened
condition. I grew very nervous and
despondent. I did not want to see any-
body; everything seemed so strange, as
though I were in a strange land. I had
such a disagreeable feeling in my head;
it was not a headache, but a drawing
feeling, and the top of my head was hot
and painful. I had bearing down pains
and my back hurt me all the time. I
could not do any work at all and could
not sleep. I tried some patent medicine,
but got no relief.
"I went to see the best doctor in Le-
banon. He said I had inflammation erf
the inside lining of the womb. He
treated me for a while and I did not
see much change. I wrote to Dr. Pierce
and in due time received an encour-
aging letter, advising me to take his
'Favorite Prescription' and 'Golden
Medical Discovery." I did so and am
very glad to say it helped me steadily.
I could see that I was gaining. When
I wrote to you I weighed eighty-seven
pounds, now I weigh ninety-nine. I can
eat anything I want to, my appetite is
good I can work all day and not feel
tired at night. I have no more bearing
down pains. My head does not trouble
me any more at all and I feel better
than I have for three years."
"I feel it a duty to inform you that
I had been a sufferer for many years
from nervousness with all its symptoms
and complications," writes Mrs. O. N.
Fisher, IS6I Lexington avenue, New
York, N. V., in an earnest letter to Dr.
Pierce. "I was constantly going to see
a physician or purchasing medicine for
this or that complaint, as my troubles
became unbearable. In the spring of
1597 my husband induced me to try
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.
After taking one bottle and following
your advice I was so encouraged that I
took five more bottles of 'Favorite Pre-
scription' and then I did not take any
more for several weeks as I* felt so
much better.
"I am vpt now cross and irritable,
and I have a good color in my face;
have also gained about ten nounds in
weight and one thousand pounds of
comfort, for I am a new woman once
more and your advice and your 'Fa-
vorite Prescription' are the cause of it,
coupled with your 'Pleasant Pellets'
which are not to be dispensed with. I
will not take any more unless you so
advise, for I do not see that I need it.
I have often told my friends how I was
cured, and have been no little sur-
prised to learn how many of them also
used Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
with great benefit."
For every critical period of woman's
life this superb "Prescription" is the
never-failing stay, support and com-
fort. It fits young women to be happy,
healthy wives and mothers. It gives
prospective mothers physical and men-
tal strength to pass through the ordeal
of motherhood with comparative com-
fort and perfect safety. It insures re-
cuperative energy for young nursing
mothers; and abundant healthy nour-
ishment for their babies.
"When I look at my little boy,", says
Mrs. Axel Kjer of Gordenvflle, Cape
Glrardeau County, Mo., "I feel It my
duty to write to you. Perhaps some
one will see my testimony and be led to
ÜBe your 'Favorite Prescription' and be
blessed In the same way. This is my
fifth child and the only one who came
to maturity, the others having died
from lack of nourishment — so the doc-
tor said. I was not sickly in any way.
and this time I just thought I would
try your 'Prescription.' I took nine bot-
tles, and to my surprise it carried me
through and gave us as fine a little boy
as ever was. He weighed ten and a
half pounds. He is now five months
old, has never been sick a day and is so
stroner that everybody who sees him
wonders at him. He is so playful and
holds himself up so well. I would like
to see this in print for so many have
asked me, 'Do you think those are the
testimonials of the people or has Dr.
Pierce just made them up and printed
them?*
"I do hope that if any women have
the same trouble that I have hart they
will try Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion. We recommended it to one of
our neighbors and she tried it and the
result is a fine bis boy. Her two babies
before this one were born dead! after
she had suffered untold misery. She
feels very grateful for the 'Favorite
Prescription." "
A PLAINj DUTY.
Every husband who feels that his
wife's health demands the attention of
an expert scientific specialist, and every
ailing woman who is down-hearted and
discouraged with weakness and inca-
pacity in a womanly way, should feel
absolute confidence in . writing to Dr.
Pierce about these troubles.
He will answer all such letters
promptly and earnestly; and will give
carefully considered, fatherly, profes-
sional advice without charge. He will
prescribe simple and inexpensive self-
treatment whereby any* woman in the
privacy of her own home, may, in al-,
DB. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES.
most every instance, effect a complete
and permanent cure.
Any reputable dealer can supply you
with Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.
A dealer who doesn't supply it to you
doesn't want to. Some dealers would
rather sell you a substitute on which
they can make more than the fair profit
which this great standard "Prescrip-
tion" allows them. Your health or
your judgment is of no account to such
a dealer. This kind of substituting is
an insult to your intelligence. Show
him that you know what you want.
Insist on Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription, and you will get it.
THE BIBLE OF THE BODY.
One of the greatest medical books of
the present century is Dr. Pierces thou-
sand-page illustrated Common Sense
Medical Adviser. It has been termed
"The Bible of the Body"— because
what the Bible is to the soul this book
is to the physical man. Two-thirds of
a million copies were sold at $1 50 each.
The profit on this enormous sale in-
duced Dr. Pierce to issue a new edition
In paper covers, which will be sent ab-
solutely free — one copy only to one
family — on receipt of 21 one-cent
stamps, to pay the bare cost of mailing
only, inclosed to World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y. Or
send 31 stamps if a heavier, handsomer,
cloth-bound copy is desired.
In one chapter of this grand book
nearly a hundred pages are devoted to
the consideration of the diseases of
women; with an account of many se-
vere and obstinate cases which by
means of Dr. Pierces scientific, com-
mon sense treatment were promptly re-
lieved and nermanently cured.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
GREENWICH
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York on the- 81st day of December. A. D.
1897 and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Politic*! Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL..
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
ASSETS.
Real estate owned b"y company M 00 ,900 90
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,043,8*0 w
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral i'? 2? 2
Cash in company's office *.«» «•
Cash in banks •• •• «•«« M
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans •••••■••■ *™ £
Premiums In due course of collection 146,275 73
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks n.oiti ft*
Total assets $1,484,688 61
. LIABILITIES. \
Losses adjusted and unpaid.......... $6.649 58
Losses in process- of adjustment or
LosJs" ed."inciuding"expense;:: . 40,039 84
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 40,039 84
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $584,927 96; . „
reinsurance 50 per cent........ 2G7.46J 98
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $663,667 47; • _
reinsurance pro rata................. S3I.ZST 14
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks, $88,733 19; re-
■ insurance 100-per cent . 88,798 1*
Amount reclaimable by the :. insured -v
- on perpetual flre insurance, policies. . . 931 60
i All other demands against the com- _
pany • 48.838 90
Total liabilities $892.953 24
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fir* „,,„'.
premiums- •••-•• $743,615 m
! Net cash actually, received for ma- - -
rine premiums .........'.:. ........... 139,300 17
I Received for interest and dividends
" on bonds, stocks, loans and from _
all other sources 40,854 17
Received for rents.... 16,937 62
Taxes refunded ,4,760 44
Total income .- $945,473 12
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire 1055e5...... $396,427 95
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 76,978 08
Dividends to stockholders. 20,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or -
brokerage ............................. 167,334 54
Paid for: salaries, fees and other > _ : - •;..
. charges for officers, clerks, etc....' 105,111 39
Paid for . State, national and local
taxes 14.820 Si
All other payments and expenditures. 92.144 31
Total expenditures $871,816 65
Losses incurred during the year * 525 - 993 *[
Risks and Premiums. - Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- , »-.«->
ten during the year... $127,628,414 $964.665 83
plred during the year. /.I 139,076,041 1,067.056 69
Net amount in force De- ■'■
cember 31. 1897.......... | 203.370,666 1.199.630 43
~ '.'.'>. -Marine-. ■ .".-• :.'
• Risks and . Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- . ' •■
ten during the year... $44,503,809 $154,696 80;
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during- the year. . . 43,631,886 128,144 47
*£ggrT ?»>&??: - -2:758,211 88.798 19
MASON A. STONE, President. /
WALTER B. WARD. Assistant: Secretary. ■
Subscribed and sworn to. before me this 31st
day of January. IS9B.
WM. B. STI'YVESANT. .Notary Public;
DAVIS &HENRY,
AGENTS FOR CALIFORNIA,
215 Sansome St., San Francisco.
Telephone Main 1100. .
fiaw fI M 44 fanctionr ci
VIJ ¥1 |B» H^P HOB men mutt &•
•JZ3 &4 L B b^H%J ke p^ Ti « er ? u «
■ THE HOME KtrfltUT Nothin* i» right
for FEMALE COWPLAINTS""T*th. 7 1 *J:
wr«n». .For »U theM sates, irn*ul*nt.« ud dimcultlei > no
remedy on earth & j» rift-Dirt E«Bily»ppli9d by l«lyh«f
"„.., '.v, fimons 3aJlU-KHi lelf. RelleTe* all palm
'«wwt. In Womb or oT«rle, in 10 minute*.
ia^M Promptly relieTW J!r»dache, Naujea, Blood «id
S|^^«l Bladder froublM, Faintnfsi.NMroosness. re»r
Ke9 and Despondency. Cores Leoeorrhda, Womb
Jglg. £■ Complatuts, Displacements, Bicltachd, B«ra|
J'f2£^ B&S Down Fam« and all Fenuiln Disorder*. j^SS^
UP^, Sorrnew and in<rr«tion».^* r |\
_^fi3ii h ™er« th « spirits act Vitalise* ljTlJ
™ "*"«sSFSc>' th( , whole frame. Safe. Sure and «n»
Absolutely Harmlen. On« BO t >nt box will W .
cffiSVllT PA |U n S'BLD^BT ALL DRUGGISTS.
0 I UlO ALL I Air! or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 MINUTES Th?PorfMtoCo.C»xto»Bld«. Csltat*
. Sold by Owl Drug- Co.. 8. F.. and Oakland
— j. WONG WOO,
P**® CHINESE TEA AND HERB
"fejP a . ;-i*": SANITARIUM,
lfer^X Tt 4-66 CLAY ST., San FraneisM.Oil
,j(ga»^^-« All diseases cured exdualT«-
•BotßS^iW^l7 b * Chines. b«rb«. over MM
fß'A'Stt'-W. vartcUea bein* use*. AOVXCa
FBEB. Boon. » M to U», m.. 1 »Ul It*
tp. m. ...■•■ .--■■■ .-.•.■'• ' ■■■■_■-■'■■■'- - •■■-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON f STS.—
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
\ CO. European plan. '■ Rooms ; 50c to $1 50 day.
Jo to JS week,'; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre grates In every,
room; elevator runs all night..'
»» - ( <i^HSBJ!i«Ks'«i.a *■" Big ** is a non-po!aonon_
4<T^___9^^^^__«_l remedy for Gonorrhopa,
Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
if^dr la 1 ><> & dayi.\3 Whites, unnatural dig-
/Mtjjr Gnaranueil U charges, or any inflamma-
M«i»S not to itrietare. tioc, irritation or ulcora-
y» q|PrtTenis contagion. tion of Hincous mem-
SgSIrHFEYANSCHEMirti.no. Cranes. Non-a«tringent.
V#kOINCmNATI,O _5H S ° ld bj * rn «» 1 » u> *
wSAk. rr fl a ___T or Bent in P'^in wrapper,
_SB_B___ •■ afT¥l •by express, t prepaid, ■ tot
'ill tl^l _ if* M ' I/- 00 - or 3 bottles. »J.:.V
>^s9P''r' ■ Circaiar wnt oarcanstt.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE ' DAMIANA BITTER*. TH»
great - Mexican - remedy; girts - fctftltil MM
fUWrta to U* Mxaal orgum.
910
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Mannfactnrers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the following Flrmi Please Mention "The 0«lL"
ART . WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
. THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEN/0 SPRING u P r7 P bl c anU r i. v. n V o <so££E
flon. 9 Geary st. 8. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
rnr-wr c o/'inijnf CD Bank. Offioe and Saloon
FINK & SCHINDLER, Fittings. «°» Market
e» Telephone South ?67.
AUCTIONEERS.
a^^rsKlLLlPJCQ^ggggg:
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
writ SCBOENING, Shipping trade supplied.
WM- SCnOhNiPIUj 639 broadway street.
BELTING.
l. p. degen, Manufacturer of BeUlnff and i
L. r. DcUtN, Lacei Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 56..
~ BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycle*
Bell for 150. $65 and J75. Crescents, In M «'»
and Ladles' 185. Second-hand Wheels. !Ti9 and I
up. LEAVITT A BILL. 303 Larkln street
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Bapairs an* Ship Work.
Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©OO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISM.
~ COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. Supt. H. Blyth. M(rr.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plambinar. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and IS
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
DENTIST.
DR. C V- RICHARDS, &. g SS.jr i & .
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
■BEDINGTON & CO, SS%£. B ?£Z£S?i l
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BBOWN & SON.
407-409 Montgomery st "
Capital Represented over ri4.000.0W
FLOUR.
VJiTlflVil Flour Mills. J. Martensteln & Co.
ilAllUriAL BW. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
jas. boyes & co., Shipping Butchers, 1W
JAS- DUIEd & I'J., Clay: Tel. Mam im.
FURS.
11l lmrniTD Furrier, all work iruaranteed.
All- ftVVUlill EM Kearny St.. upstairs.
~~ HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., lmporters Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752. I
A SHIP THAT
DID STAND BY
Praise for the Golden
Shore's Skipper.
A REWARD FOR RASMUSSEN
WHEAT FROM THE SOUND BY A
SAILING VESSEL.
The First Time in Years That Grain
Has Coxae From Seattle to
San Francisco by a
Wind-Jammer.
In the early part of May last the British
ship Crown of India sailed from Newcas
tle, N. S. W., for San Francisco with a
cargo of coal. When 150 miles off shore
• Bhe was caught In what is now known in
Australia as "the gTeat Maitland storm"
and partly dismasted. During that ter
rific hurricane vessels scudded past the
dismasted Crown of India, some of them
under bare poles, some under goose
winged lower topsails, some making
heavy weather of it and some snug, but
the only one that stood by the ship in dis
tress was tho San Francisco schooner
Golden Shore. In spite of the wind and
waves. Captain Rasmussen hove his ves
sel to and remained in the vicinity of the
Crown of India until the storm abated.
He then stood on his way and finally
landed his cargo in Sydney, N. S. W.
When the Golden Shore had discharged
her cargo she went to Newcastle, N. S.
W., and when the Moana left was loading
coal for San Francisco. The Crown of
India was towed into Bydney, and Cap
tain Corkhill lost no time in returning
thanks to Captain Rasmussen. Through
the Mayor of Newcastle he presented
the brave American master with a hand
ponie gold locket and Mrs. Rasmussen
with an elegant diamond. Captain Ras
mussen's present bears the following in
scription: "From Captain Corkhill of the
British ship Crown of India to Captain
Rasmussen of the American four-masted
_ , ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Flood BoiMiog— Bo9 MARKET ST., second floor, flood building.
y^^ PAINLESS DENTISTRY. I
/4ri^^^Sj^Bp Of- Set . Of Teeth, extracting: free J< 50 up
iSBaP /dS&% WWW /iJi 66 * 111 and rootil of R " kln<ls an<l ln all con-
fSSS x&^jf'* 7^(^ u«tlnns can be treated or removed by train*
S W "^ \ •■•'■■ ! , our electrical appliances without pain and. with:
'i, \O> -r^tXUßlk^ or,^ suite of five rooms, elegantly furnished
(// ?*& Jffl*^sdL ■ \ lur thorouKhly equlppe^.^re at tl.e service of
V A Physician Always in Attendance.
'/s%ss■ Skilled Operators— Lady Attendant.
[^^i^^^m^ms consultation FREE.
jfWti&£fx\ T^^jg^^wJßlfc^. 9 Office hours— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. SUnday 'V
'^^^^^V^^i**/ JOBfel/ Don't Forj«t the Number-800 Market Bt.
oVS^2SEii.V:!S&^ / f^VUr Over Caf« «loyai, corner Fourth. * '^ "
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. ill Larkln St.. 8. T.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
AIIIIA Hunters' Equipments, Flshlnr
GUNS Tac-kU, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
ULI IIU '"<■ catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
VWHV 739 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton 8 Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W.K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutler St.,
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 635 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCB.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
61 Z A CO.. Agenta.
SOI California st
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE PEDVHiDH Mattress • Co.. ' 642 Mission
IRC DbKiMIAKU at. Telephone Main IST*.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/ll I AMCTTE PULP AND PAPER CO.,
VYILLMIVICI IL 722 Montgomery Street
PIANOS.
v ; The Oldest 71rm and L*rr«»*t Stock.
PIANO and mUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O" Fan-ell St
A eot of expert tuners and repairer*.
PRINTINO.
EC* HIirHFC PRINTER.
• V»- IlLIUllL.Ot;n Sansome street.
' REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery St.
soap!
GD I lirV * m 123 California street,
, ft, LLI/I QL t<i,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
c*o?e*r c PARTRIDGE l°££tc
THE BICKS-JUDD CO-, JBST-a'SSf.
TARTAR WORKS.
fXALIFOrtNIA TARTAR WORKS.
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office SIS Front Street, San Francisco.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLBR. manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing dona la
flnt-class style at fair prices for good work,
328 Spear st. : tel. Mpln 295.
WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— and retail: send for
samples, stating about quality and color, to
JAS. DUFFY CO.. 928-930 Howard St.. S. F.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California St. Tel. Main 111*.
WATCHES, ETC.
T I IT kinV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
| 1- LI Mil, full 18-k. Wedding Rings, 4 3d st
schooner Golden Shore — the ship that did
stand by."
The first cargro of wheat that has rome
from Pugret Sound to San Francisco on a
soJIInK vessel in years arrived yesterday
on the bark Edward May. It consisted of
21,070 sacks, and comes from Seattle, con
signed to G. W. McXcar. The Edward
May went from Sun Francisco to Vladi
vostok with a jft-neral cargo, and from
the Amoor River went to the sound in
ball-ist, and there loaded wheat for this
port.
The transport Charles Nelson arrived
liom Honolulu yesterday with a few pas
sengers. She Bailed from the island port
the- same day aa the mail steamer Moana,
which arrived on the 24th mat. The work
of getting her ready for the coast trade
will begin at once.
The British ship Drumblalr. which sailed
yesterday for England, took away a cargo
valued at over $218,000. This Is the most
valuable single cargo that has left San
Francisco in a sailing vessel in many a
day. Among her shipments were 303,018
pounds of beans. 272G pounds of beeswax.
200- cases of canned asparagus, 42,885 cased
of canned fruit, 16.25S cases of salmon
and 19^418 centals of wheat. Besides this
the had aboard 380 gallons of sherry wine,
which is going around the world to get
age.
The British ship Lord Cairns, which ar
rived from Swansea yesterday, spoke an
American man-of-war In the Atlantic.
Captain Davies says in his report: "In
latitude IS south 36 west we sighted an
American man-of-war. She spoke us and
told us that a yar was on between the
United States and Spain, and asked iih if
we had seen any Spanish war ships. I an
swered that wo hnd not. and then calling
all hands aft, we gay« three rousing Brit
ish cheers for the stars and stripes." The
Lord Cairns made the voyage from Swan
sea In the good time of 148 days.
The British ship Philomene, "from Balti
more for Honolulu, with coal for the Unit
ed States navy, has been compelled to put
Into St. Michaels, Azores, with her cargo
heated. Half the coal will have to he dis
charged and the vessel surveyed before
the vessel can proceed.
Commander E. D. Tasslg has taken
command of the United States gunboat
Bennington, vice Lieutenant Commander
Moser. who will resume command of the
Albatross. Lieutenant Commander Cur
tis, now on the Albatross, will go to the
Mare Island navy yard when relieved.
Lieutenant Commander Curtis, who has
been In charge of the lighthouse depart
ment here, has been ordered East to take
command of the Essex.
The tramp steamer Glenfarg, which
sailed from here last Thursday, and one
of the Northern Pacific steamers, which
left Seattle during the week, took away
some unusual consignments to Japan and
China. The Glenfarg had 27R.000 pounds of
lead for Hongkong and 101.000 pounds
for Yokohama. while the Sound
steamer had 300.000 pounds for Japan. The
supposition 1b that both consignments are
to be used in making bullets.
Advances mnde on furniture and pianos, with
cr without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-102S Mission.
His Wife Was Cruel.
Philip Gretsch filed suit yesterday for a
divorce from Louisa Oretsoh. As a cause
of action the plaintiff alleges cruelty.
THE SAN" FRAN-CISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, AUGrUST 28, 1898.
WILL COMPETE
FOR TROPHIES
Rally of the League of
the Cross To-Day.
WILL HAVE A FIELD DAY
TO BE HELD AT GLEN ELLEN
ON ADMISSION DaY.
The Boys Training for the Event at
the Olympic Club Grounds and
Are Rapidly Getting Into
Condition.
To-day the League of the Cross Cadets
will hold their annual grand rally and
essay contest at Metropolitan Temple
at 2 p. m. There will be five contestants
for the beautiful diamond trophy medal
presented by his Grace Archbißhop Rior
dan. The judges selected to de-cide who
delivers the ablest essay are Chief Jus
tice W. H. Beatty, Mayor James D. Phe
lan and Superintendent of Schools Regi
nald Webster. The regiment will assem
ble at the regimental headquarters and
march in battalion formation to Met
ropolitan Temple by way of Market
street, headed by their own band at about
1:30 p. m.
On Friday, September 9, Admission day,
the League of the Cross Cadets will hold
their field day exercises at a newly con
structed racetrack at Glen Ellen. Mayor
James D. Phelan has presented the regi
ment with a handsome trophy, and the
company gaining the highest number of
points in the athletic games will be
awarded the prize. Great rivalry is ex
isting among the athletic members of the
regiment, and all are in training for the
event. The Olympic Club grounds have
been temporarily leused by the regiment
for the cadets to get themselves in con
dition. The regiment will be accompanied
on that day by the League of the Cross
band, and at the close of the games a
dance will be given to the visiting guests.
A special train has been engaged for the
occasion, leaving the city aDout b a. m.
ana returning about 5:30 p. m.
The entrk-b lor the games are as fol
lows:
Seventy-five yard dash, field and staff—
tenant W. A. Kelly, sergeant Major Welch.
Commissary Sergeant C. (Jarew; Company A.
0. Welsh, B. Aberdee, J. Byington; company
li.yll. Hays, A. McElroy, P. Dougherty; Com
pany O, H. Donovan, T. Keogh. U. Kooney;
Company H, J. Segrue. Captain J. Power, J.
Erlenhelm; Company X, Lieutenant A. Han
ley. • W. Augustine; Company- M, Montgomery,
Stielbe, Johnson; Company X, A. Smith. >
Halt-mile run, field and start— Lieutenant w.
A. Kelly, Coniml6sary Sergeant J. Carew, Cap
tain J. P. Duffy; Company. B. F. Dougherty,
A. McElroy, J. McDonald; Company H, 8.
Kellly, H. O'Connor, W. ilcMahon; Company
1, A. Anlcot; Company X, Lieutenant A. Han
ley, Sergeant J. Morry, E. Meyer; Company
M, Gleason, Grisly, Braggille; Co'npany N, A.
Smith. -• _
Standing broad Jump; field and staff—Com
missary Sergeant J. Carew, Lieutenant W.
Kelly :* Company A. O. Welsh. J. Mclnemey;
Company li. J. McDonald, F. Dougherty; Com
pany G, F. Hoppe, A. Mooney, G. Koonev;
Company 11. J. Erlenh»lm, M. Morlne, W.
Beasly; Company X, P.O. Farrell, F. Ross, H.
Brown; Company M, Johnson, Bnelbe, Mont
gomery.
One hundred yard dash; field and staff—
Lieutenant W. A. Kelly, Sergeant Major
Welch, Commissary Sergeant J. Carew; Com
pany A, O. Welsh, B. Aberdee, J. Byington;
Company B. H. Hay, A. McElroy, F. Dougher
ty; Company G. J. Toohey. R. Dumph-y, F.
Bishop; Company li, W. Klchter, ;J. Segrue,
Captain ■J. Power; Company I. E. O'Connor;
Company K. Lieutenant A. Hanley. W. Augus
tine.; Company M, Shelbe, Montgomery. Sheble;
Company X, A. Smith. • •
Sixteen '-.und shot; field and staff— Captain
J. P. Duffy, Lieutenant William A. Kelly:
Company A, C. Wolf: Company B, J. McDon
ald, F. Dougherty, Captain J. Curley; Com
pany E. E. Bishop, J. Duden. F. Hoppe; Com
pany H. M. Morreno, .1. Erlenhelm. P. Ahem;
Company I, J. Merrill; Company X, J. Morry,
P. O. Fan-ell, W. McGllllvray; Company M.
Sheble, Montgomery, Mclntyre; Company N.
J. McCarthy.
Running high Jump — Field and staff. Commis
sary Sergeant J. Carew: Comany A. J. Mcln
erney, P. Bronson, James Johnson; Company
B. J. McDonald, Lieutenant F. Gardener; Com
pany G. G. Rooney. F. Iniden: Company H.
W. Richter. R.-Lawler. F.McStocker; Com
pany X, T. Ross.' J. Kane, H. Brown; Com
pany N. J. 11. Kennedy.
Running hop, skip and Jump— Field and staff.
Lieutenant William A. Kelly, Commlsnary Ser
geant J. Carvw; Company B, B. J. McDonald.
F. Dougherty; Company G, E. Dougherty, G.
Rooney. E. Murphy: Company" H. J. Erlen
helm,. M. Morreno, W. BeaBly: Company. X, F.
Ross, J. Forry, P. O. Farrell; Company M.
Johnson, Sheble, Montgomery; Company N, D.
Hanrahan.
220- yard dash— Field and staff. lieutenant
William A. Kelly. Sergeant-Major Welch, Com
missary Sergeant J. Carew; Company A, O.
Welsh, .T. Hylngton. B. Aberdse: Company R.
H. Hay. A. McElroy, F. Dougherty; Company
G, O. Rooney, R. Dunphy, A. Mooney; Com-
I any 11. W. Riehter, J. Segrue, F. Guln*r;
Company K. Lieutenant A. Hanley: Company
If. Sheble, Johnson, Shelbe; Compan- N, A
Bmith.
16-pound hammer— Field and staff. Captain J
P. Duffy, Lieutenant .1. J. Crowly; Company
A. .O. Wolf; Company B.*J. McDonald, Cap
tain J. Curley, Lieutenant S. Rellly: Company
G. E. Bishop. J. Duden: Company H, M. Mor
reno. J. Whalen, P. Ahem; Company I, j.
Merrill: Company K. J. ' Morry. P. O. Parrell,
W. MeGllllvray; Company M. Shelbe. Montgom
ery, Mclntyre; Company N. J. McCarthy.
Running broad .Jump— Field and • irtaff. Lieu
tenant William A. Kelly, Commissary Sergeant
J. Carew; Company A, O. Welch, J. Mclner
ney; Company B. J. McDonald, F. Dougherty;
Company O. G. Rooney. F. Bishop: Company
H. M. Morreno. J. Erlenhelm, W. Rlchter; Com
pany K. P. O. Farrell, F. Robs. H. Brown;
Company M. Johnson. Sheble, Montgomery;
Company N, C. Gallagher.
Mile run— Field and staff. Lieutenant Wil
liam A. Kllly. Sergeant Major Welch. ' Major
William McCarthy; Company A. J. Hlckman.
W. Huff; Company B. J. McDonald, F. Dough
erty. P. Gardner; Company. G, G. Lovejoy E.
Btnh«p. F. Hoppe: Company H. S. Rellly,. W.
McMahon, H. O'Connor; Company I, ■ E. Hun
ter; Company H. C. Buckley, J. Kane; Com
pany M. McMahon, Roes!, Z. Aratl ; Company
N, 'J. A. Kennedy. *■*;' ■
•440-yard dash— Field and staff. Lieutenant
William A. Kelly. Commissary Sergeant J.
Carew; Company A, O. Welsh. J. ; Bylngton, B.
Aberdu ; Company B. F. Dougherty, :A. ;; He-
Elroy.-J. McDonald; Company G. G. Rooney,
William Schmaling, :G. Nelll; Company H. W.
Richter, J. Segrue, F. \ Oulnee; Company ' X,
Lieutenant A. Hanley, : E. .; Meyer, J. Morry :
Company M, Sheble, Johnson, Shelbe; Com
pany N, W. Carry, A. Smith.
SSO-yard dash— Field and staff. : Lieutenant "W.
A. Kelly, Major D. J. . McGloln. Lieutenant J. '
A. Wall; Company A. J. Hlckman, W. Huff;
Company B. J. McDonald, F. Dougherty, A
McElroy; Company G. J. Nelll, "William
Schmallnfr: Company H. .S. Rellly, ' W. v Mc-
Mahon, H. O'Connor; Company X, J. • Morry.
E. Meyer. P. O. Farrell; Company N. H. Leon
ard, A. Gay. ■ . ■ , . . •  .
Committee of arrangements — Major William
McCarthy (chairman). Lieutenant J. A. Watts,
Lieutenant V. Carroll, . Hospital Steward A. E.
Carlon. - , . ,
Committee on exercises — Lieutenant Colonel
I. F. Ryan (chairman). Lieutenant .T. ; ,T.
Crowly, Lieutenant .G. ' Dlckson. I Lieutenant R.
Steele. • : - : ■ - : ■'. ••;
: . ♦ « — :-
THK CRYSTAL STWIMJirrNG BATHS. :
Physicians recommend the Crystal . warm sea
water tub and nwlmmlnt baths. North Beach.
==■■ :■••■
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
C. L.. Adams of Vlsalla Is at the Lick.
E. Janes, n prominent San Jose mer
chant, is at the California.
B. F. Edwards of Candelaria, Nev., Is
registered at the Occidental.
Clement Wilder of Sacramento Is at the
Jjlck, accompanied by his wife.
J. M. Kile and wife of Stockton have
taken apartments at the Grand.
Dr. W. S. Taylor, a favorably known
physician of Llvermore, Is one of the ar
rivals at the Palace.
W. F. Peterson, who is engaged In the
candy business at Sacramento, is at the
Grand with his family.
S. F. Sutherland, who for the past eigh
teen years has been city editor and edi
torial writer of the Daily Report, has re
signed his position.
A. A. Miller, a mining man of Silver
City, Idaho, is visiting his daughter In
this city, and Is staying at the Rubs.
James Mulr, his sister-in-law, Mrs. An
drew Mulr and her daughter, who are
here from St. Paul, Minn., on a pleasure
trip, are guests at the Russ.
Anson A. Carter and wife of Newark,
N. J.. and Cecil Gardner and wife of
Stnta Clara are among the arrivals at the
Occidental.
Attorney W. W.
Foote attended a
banquet last even-
Ing, and after it
was over he de
cided to take a
room at the Pal
ace for the night,
HIS SIGNATURE
WAS FORGED.
and immediately retired. Shortly after
Major McLaughlin came along and no
ticed the name of his friend on the hotel
book. Now. the major possesses a joking
turn of mind and a remarkable aptitude
for imitating any handwriting, and he
then and there wrote "W. W. Foote" not
once but twice on the lines below the
original signature, so that the three were
so much alike you could not tell one from
the other. The major, chuckling at the
thought of what the morrow would bring,
also retired to the sleep of the just.
The next morning Foote made his ap
pearance bright and early at the counter
to pay his bill, and on casually glancing
at the register he was startled at seeing
the three signatures. After satisfying
himself as to the genuineness of each, he
thus communed with himself: "What in
Democracy's name possessed me to sign
three times? I suppose it was the luxury
of that champagne which caused me to
swell to three times my natural size, and
I registered for three of me. When a man
Is not used to drinking the abominable
stuff he Is likely to do strange things.
Now, whisky would never make a man do
that."
Being much perturbed in spirit, Foote
said to the clerk: "My boy, was I In full
possession of my senses last ni^ht when
I applied for a room?" The -lerk replied,
"You were, undoubtedly. Mr. Foote."
"Well," said the worried attorney, sink-
Ing his voice to a stage whisper, "How is
it that I wrote my name three times on
the register?"
"Why," said the clerk, "you only wrote
your name once. Major Mclaughlin came
in just after you did and wrote it twice,
just for a Joke, you know."
"Oh!" said Foote, breathing an intense
sigh of relief, but looking at the signa
tures in a doubtful sort of way, "I must
say that the major is wasting his talents.
Why, just think, If he wore to direct them
Into other channels he might become the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: : Dr: Meyers & Co: I
*■ ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS— FAMOUS FOR THOUSANDS OF CURES.
*'■'■'' • ■ ■-.._■;
j Diseases ai Weakness of Men, j
I: DANGEROUS MISTAKES. I
A * ♦
a If a man wants! a horse shod he does not go to a dentist, although &
he may unintentionally: go to , a '.'blacksmith" to have a tooth pulled. A
A The same is true in regard to nearly all trades and professions, but *f
A some men, having a dangerous ailment or weakness, consult a doctor — *"
■* probably a regular practitioner — knows comparatively nothing A
■$> about the diseases and .weaknesses of men. Such, a blunder is always <$>
<S» serious. It is also expensiine, because the victim wastes the money he <$>
<$, pays for such services, and the bad treatment he receives may lead to <«.
q endless suffering, disgrace and death. A
SDF. Meyers & Co. have spent half a lifetime in perfecting their ♦
■^ method of curing, contagious ailments, including blood poison, and for .<£
restoring men who are suffering from the disastrous results of nervous a
■$> debility. They treat nothing but diseases and weakness of men, devoting
<$> their best energies to curing these troubles. ,
: CONTRACTED AILMENTS. :
V Dr. Meyers & Co. can cure you permanently, no matter whether <*.
a your trouble has been recently contracted, or whether it has become ,*,
a chronic and dangerous by neglect or bad treatment. The ; many years* -.
I successful experience of . every member of the' staff of Dr. Meyers & Co. *
Ib of untold value to men who need the services of a doctor that makes .*
A quick and lasting cures. No money is required until you are sound and ■♦
* well and you can get an opinion in regard to your trouble free of charge ♦
* whether you take treatment or not. a
: NERVOUS DEBILITY. :
♦ Dp. Meyers & Co. have reached that degree of perfection In restor-
<> ing partial or complete loss of vital power in men which has never been <£
a obtained by any other physicians. Their system of treatment and their <«>
A incomparable remedies, methods and appliances give to men that true, »
T- robust and perfect health so anxiously sought for and which cannot be
regained except at the hands of these able specialists. A
I NO PAY TILL CURED. I
A . -'...'.■' •','-■':-,■*''.■ . ..'-•■■ . ■ .", : A
a You take no chances In treating with Dp. Meyers & Co. a
<$> They will not only make you sound and well, but you may keep <$>
<$> your money until you arc permanently cured. \ a
Dp. Meyers & Co. have the -largest and most thoroughly equipped *
* medical institution in America. All members of the staff are ; graduates *
A from the best medical; colleges in the world. .All I prescriptions are filled <§>
* in their private laboratory by, a competent pharmacist without cost to a
<«> the patient and no poisonous or dangerous drugs are used. \ ; V
: THOUSANDS CURED AT HOME. ;.:
a j If you cannot. visit the city or call on a part of the staff [ when they <►
a" come to your town, write' for private book, question list and advice— <£
V free - ■■*■■ '■• :% -' ■"■"-" ' ■ - ■■• ■■'■■'.' ■'■•-- -■'■■■"■■'- :; v-v -' "■■.-'- ■ A
<§> All; dealings and correspondence with patients sacredly a
<§> confidential. Hours — 8 to 12, Ito 5 daily; evenings, 7to 8 ; Sundays, 9to 11 <»
: FREE CONSULTATION I
| Dr. Meyers & Co:; |
! 731 Market Street, San Francisco, Gal, ■':■
V:V ' : -■■. ■.-.■■■■• TAKE ELEVATOR. '.-"'•" ""■'♦l
■♦■ ■■■...:;■..,: • . ■ '-V \ : ■.--■ '; - :.; i - A- •-.;■■■ ■■■-. -v- ■ ,•-.•■ : ; - • .. .^-v
'♦♦♦*♦♦♦'♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦ ♦.♦'♦ ♦ ♦♦■♦.♦ ♦'■♦.♦»♦>'♦'♦♦*♦*
prince of forgers Instead of being one of
the leaders of the Republican party." And
Foote walked away, thoroughly easy In
1 his mind.
E. G. I-e Sage of London and J. P.
Smith, a capitalist of Santa Cruz, are lo
cated at the Palace.
Julio Carranza of Hermoslllo, N. Mex..
who has extensive mining interests in
that place, is at the California.
V. L. Kellogg, professor of entomology
at Stanford University, is a guest at the
California. He has been In Europe for a
year studying his chosen branch. He re
turned last May and has been at Cornell
University since then, and will now re
sume his duties at Palo Alto.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Henry T. Scott
and Edward McAllister of San Francisco
I are at the Holland.
WILL OF M B. STT7RGES.
Valuable Estate Bequeathed Two Sla
ters of the Testator.
The will of M. B. Sturges.' the capitalist,
who died at 117 I.eavenworth street on the
20th tart., was filed for probate yesterday.
The entire estate, which Is purported . to
be worth $100,000, Is bequeathed to two
sisters of the testators, Mrs. Lucretla
Crowell and Mrs. Erdotla Wtlcox whom
theTesiator states he has not heard from
for twenty-five years. In event the sis
ters are dead the estate Is to go to their
children; If any were born to them, and
If such proves to be not the case the
estate will then go to the widow and
i orphans' fund of the Grand Lodge Free
and Accepted Masons.
The testator, bearing In mind many con
tests In rich estates, provides against pos
sible claimants In the following terms. I
! wish to state in my last will, as to myswlf.
I am a divorced widower. I have no chil
dren, and never did have but one child,
! and that one I lost at childbirth; and
shall any person after my death come for
ward and claim to be my wife or claim to
i be mv child and prove the same to be so.
! then. in that case, my executors will give
ca w Iv-! h Hal $ ey'andF.E. Whitney of
Oakland are named as executors.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseanes cured. Dr.
Gordln. Sanitarium. 514 Pinp.nr. Kearny.S.F. Cal.
Died Sudderly.
Mrs. Keziah Mahoney of 33 Fifth street
dipd suddenly last night. Death was due
to natural causes. She was a native of
Massachusetts, 63 years old, and a widow.
ADVEBTISEM.ENTS.
■ j "* ~ 1
""Hi " ... .. office .... : ♦
i I Corner Tenth and Market Streets. ♦
V? TELEPHONE SOUTH 166. J
I PIERGERODOtPH I
I STORAGE COMPANY !
. O RESPONSIBLE FlRmi LOVU RMTESI O
o aronAOß. MOVINO. PACKING. shipping. 0
4  T.. ... FIRE-PROOF WAREHOUSES ....... ♦
/ ♦ Covered Vans! Lowest Insurance! Experienced Help! -I ♦ I
-_ i ,- M mum iljljj ■ l! A/i/.-T- Hess,
I ailN SL^VPPI *4luB 9 M Bb NOTARY PUBLIC and attobkey-at LAW.
lIfIBM 1 BB k3m ill H 111 »| Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Sprecicels Bids.
11. nII Ql UPI4J j! 111 BH I Telephone Brown 931.
I IHMW4TTWfI*W*<Wffgy»P" 9 I Residence, 851 California St.. below Powell.
*i _jHlLlljUtlji.MJ l NU Hi «' ** tK*"*™^^ l^ Ban Francisco.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
:."•. '. EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO, July SOth, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January. A. p. 1897.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
Of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following _ de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution or tne
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT* NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of . tn «,£'?" ' tit £:
tlon. in relation to revenue and taxation °*
which it is proposed to amend said section. to
re |ecUon f °18. OW No county, ' city town, to™?". 1 ?'
> board of education or school district shall In-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any • year
the income and revenue provided for It . ror
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
■ election to be held for that purpose. nor un-
less before, or at the time .of Incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be ,- m . t for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
' the Interefrt on such Indebtedness as It ]*■]}*
due. and also provision to constitute a sink."*
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
en or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contract ng the
same; provided, however, that the. City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the . unpaid «. claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for saia
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the. income and
revenue of any succeeding, year or years pro-
vided that any and all claims. for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done ; upon or
lor any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are ■■ hereby cxcepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted, to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that : the ; City of
Vallejo in Solano County, may pay its • exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held > for
that - purpost shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
■hall be void. . .
;. AMENDMENT. NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution .proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
•even and one-half, ; article \ eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government.' .The said proposed new
section to read as follows: . '
Section 1%. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county/government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State.
-by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have bean. for at least five . years, qualified
electors of . such county. ,to be elected by the
qualified, electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, -whose, duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, .which shall .be . signed ; in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board .of . Supervisors ; or other legisla-
tive body of such connty, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall "then be published In two < papers iof gen-
eral circulation; In such 'county, or if there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
•thirty days after such publication -It shall be
•submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election,' and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after b« submitted -to the Legislature . for its
' rejection or approval, as a ; whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the member* elected
to each house, It shall be . the county govern-
ment act of 'such county, and shall' In such
ca?e become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county, government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government | act.
A copy of such gounty government act. certi-
fled by. the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of. such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the : submission: of such county,
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, ono In the office of the Secretary of
State, the other, ' after being recorded In - the
office' of the Reoorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county. .
All courts sholl take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified - may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
years, by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general ■■ or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation in" such
county, and ratified .by at least three-fifths of
• the qualified electors voting , thereon, " and ap-
. proved -by ■ the Legislature as , herein I provided
For th» approval of, the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any " alternative , article or ' proposition '. may ■be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately , without prejudice -to
others. , ■ ■ - ■■■•■:.-'.•.'■■ - ' -■■..• ■■. . ..•
It shall b* competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this " section, to provide . for the . manner ' In
which, the times at which, and the terms 'for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; - for their * compensa-
tion: for the number of , such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for th»
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for : the compensation * payable to each of >
such . deputies. ; for the manner In which, the \
times In which, and th* terms for which the i
members of . all boards !■ of election V shall be
elected or appointed and for ■ the constitution,
regulation, compensation ! and government -of
■ such boards, . and . of their clerks and : attaches;
also, to prescribe the, manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted: and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors," po-
litical - parties and • organizations may partici-
-pate In any primary ; election.
.-Whenever any county has. In the ; manner
nnd method herein pointed out. adopted any
, county • government act. > and . the ■ same r shall
. have ; been approved by the legislature as
" aforesaid, the direction -of : sections four- and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and likewise provldlmrfor the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the !•• il-
lation lof ? their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall .-as to any of
the .matters ' herelnßbove provided > for and de-
. clared by such county; government < act. « not be
; subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the .Legislature, except - v by ' amendment first
submitted to the electors and, ratified in the
manner , herelnabove ; set ' forth."
.-AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE. .
(Being ■" Senate Constitutional ; Amendment No.
I .::.*•■ - ' , **■) •--"■->-.. .:. ■'■ . :-.
A i resolution . proposing ,to the , people of . the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State. >by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section -five MM
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization 'of , a ' court, ■: to :be ;- known as the
; Court of : Claim*. -. The -, said ■ proposed new sec-
tion. to read as ••^Bt*yfPH» mitJUi*l!J* "tl-iK'jS
-■' Section i SH. » The ■ Court fof Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of th? Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at , the : regular terms thereof. .- The : Court
. of Claims ? shall . have < exclusive ; Jurisdiction • to
hear : and ' determine r all •■ claims of every ; kind
. and i character against \ the ~ State, - under i such
laws as may. be passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment thereon shall be final, r The terms
!of • the Court of Claims } shall: be r held -as fol-
lows: •.■*;-- - lf ; ".-■;;•- -.:■'-.  .■- : .- ■ :-. -. ' -■•■. ,-'■
• In , the City •of * Los Angeles, commencing on
t the second Monday of March; >- .-■ ' ■ :-.-■-">
Xi In ) the > City and -i County ?of ■ San -:: Francisco,
and " 18 " 0 - n* ' °" th ; "CO"" 1 Monday . In July,
':' In ; th« , City pf ; Sacramento, commencing on
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article ele- en
by adding a new section thereto, to b? known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments The
Eald proposed new section to read as foilowß-
Section 5V4. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply »o
any consolidated city and county government
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or .secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Aa«embiy Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections t«
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and placa and In the
same manner as the Governor, andlhis term of
office and his qualifications shalr be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment ot
the Governor, or his removal from office, death
Inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pra
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal school*
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State 6Chool tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, ia
which a course of study shall he taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the. UnlTer*
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian 00
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twanty-flve days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete It*
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7. A. D. MM.
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to ba held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER S. A. D. 1898.
• The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon ■; the following
words. whereupon the voter may express hi*
choice as , provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate '
Constitutional .Amendment No. 41
■■•(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francieco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of Its ■
water ■ works from the provisions of Nt
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
. incurred).
, For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two. being Senate ■
Constitutional , Amendment - No. •- 10 Ye«
(providing for framing local county { — -
government acts by inhabitants of . No
counties for their government).
For the: Amendment? ■/
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.'
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Ye«
' against the State, and to consist of- »
three Superior Judges designated by NO
1 the Governor :to serve without extra '"■
"compensation).:-
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As- "
sembly ; Constitutional Amendment
No. 3t (exempting consolidated cities Yea •
and counties, • organized or to: be or-< : — — .
fanized,- or .:: holding a .'charter un- No
er the Constitution,- from certain leg-
islation In : : relation to counties).
For the Amendment? •:' *"T.
Amendment -Number ! Five, being As- '
sembly " - Constitutional T,, Amendment
No." 36 (relating to office of Governor, Yea
providing " for ■-. succession : : thereto in — — .
certain cases and removing disability No
of Lieutenant Governor -from holding
other office during, term). .
" For. the Amendment? '. ;
Amendment ': Number Six. "being Assem- '
f Constitutional Amendment No. 3S • Yet
,'z (relating to and denning , Grammar — —
- : ; Schools). • .;■;.■..'■-. i , jj
: For the Amendment? •_; . \
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '. .
v sembly - ' Constitutional; .'Amendment
..! No. -34 (providing for adjournment of Yea
:'\ Legislature i for not less ; than -thirty' — —
- nor more than sixty days during each No
session). .; .
■■iz For the Amendment? ■ : :
? Witness my hand and the. Great Seal of th»
State -of | California, the day - and year '■ herein
first above written. r.< ...■; . , : w. -
;: JAMES H,:BUDD, Governor.,
. Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary or St&l*.
ISEAL..3 - ■• ■ , — - '•■.;---*SOUGHT HIS
STEPFATHER
AND SHOT HIM
" Conny " Sullivan
Murders J.C. Pratt
FIVE BULLETS IN HIS VICTIM
DEMAND FOR DEAD MOTHER'S
MONEY THE CAUSE.
The Murderer Coolly Walked Into
the Central Police Station
and Told of His
Crime.
Shortly before 9 o'clock last night a
ynung man stepped into the Central Po
lice station and drawing a revolver from
his hip pocket placed it on the counter,
paying:
•I. have shot my stepfather, and want
to give myself up."
■ Corporal Sills, to whom he surrendered,
sr.w the man in the act of drawing his
pistol, and thinking he meant to attack
.him, prepared to defend himself. The
man laid his pistol, together with five
■5 cartridges he held in his hand,
.pn the. counter and was placed under ar
rest. He gave his name as Cornelius
Joseph Sullivan, and that of his victim
■as John Charles Pratt.
.. Shortly after he arrived the officers of
rhe Central station were notified of
the tragedy. It proved to be a premedi
tated murder, with money as the moving
cause.
Decedent, -who waa a man of nearly 80
. went to his home, 633 Minna street,
jreaterday afternoon about 4 o'clock in
an intoxicated condition. Ha set about
for a time, wailing and crying, and at
half-past 6 was put to bed by James
Mills, a roomer in his house. About 8
o'clock "Conny," as the stepson was fa
..rly called, visited the house.
By this time Sullivan was about the
house In his shirtsleeves and wearing his
I.at. They talked for nearly half an hour,
tlw old man offering his visitor a drink
from a flask of whisky, which was re
fused.
They renewed a quarrel which had been
going- on for several days. In the height
if the quarrel the aged man started to
walk from the kitchen Into his bedroom,
:.ing. Hardly had he crossed the
• threshold when "Conny" jumped up and
■At a word of warning hred at his
:ht-r. The bullet took effect, and
> .-.uncled man sank to the floor.
The young man emptied his revolver
. into his victim, the rtlnaining shots being
. at such short range as to set his doming
papers on the floor on fire. Sul
livan then walked out the front door,
leaving it open behind him. and proceeded
to police headquarters, where he surren
: df-red.
.vas at once«aken to the City Prison
a: »< 1 placed in the tanks, at that time
there being no evidence other than his
::ient that he was a murderer.
When taken to the prison he seemed
slightly under the influence of liquor.
However, when questioned he etemed
proud of his work, saying:
Ij He tried to get me and I gave him all
I had. I laid him out on the floor."
He was locked up temporarily. When
' the fact was known that Pratt was dead
Sullivan was brought out to be booked on
the charge of murder.
• Wlirn taken to the serpeant s desk he
was told the mail twta d<-;i<l.
. ■ He smiled vacantly, almost sheepishly,
and then said, half interrogatively:
'"Yes? I hope
Miss Abby Canary, an aged woman who
'. lived in the' house, was an unwilling wit
ness of the tragedy. She has been with
the family for ten years as a companion
rather than a servant. She outlined the
. shooting to the officers as told In the
foregoing story. She was horror-stricken
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Consultation,
Examination and
Trial Treatment
Free.
CATARRH,
ASTHMA,
BRONCHIAL and
LUNG TROUBLES
CAN BE .
CURED.
PROOFS ARE UNDENIABLE.
r » . - ___——
Hot Self Praise,
But That of Others.
■ Mr. M. Black's <o? Sai Francisco) ■ Sen-
. sationnl Statement
For ten years I suffered from asthma. I have
been unable to attend to any business for many
years. In vain I nought relief, until I was at
last disgusted wit!, '.ill medicines and doctors.
I am thankful now that I consulted Dr. Rouxel
and associated physicians. After a few days
treatment I could -dispense with .my cigarettes
to relieve the attacks. I sleep well and am
. altogether a new. man. At last I feel assured
that I will.be once more a well man.
M. BLACK,
445V4 Jessie et. ( city.
Mr. If. Sullenberfter, 1248 Mission Street,
City. Cured us if by Magic. ;'..',-,
• "E>octors said I had chronic catarrh and noth-
- ing could cure me. Dr. Kouxel'H treatment re-
lieved as If by magic. It seemed to penetrate
r.nd sootlie the hot, dry parts inside my head
•and throat, opening the air passages so that
I could close my mouth and breathe freely
through my none. ' In every way I fed that a
wondrous ■ change has come over me." -.;•■>/*•-.
- Dr. L. MacMahon Pronounces the Treat-
ment Wonderful.
The leading pharmacist of Denver, Colo., m-
dorses thl* new scientific treatment. Dr. L.
Mahsui, Larimer street, Denver, Colo., suf-
fered- for years of the - most , severe attacks of
asthma. In vain he sought relief by consult-
ing th> physicians of national reputation. Dr.
Rouxel cured Dr.- MacMahan In two months.
6ince>then he took many of .his acquaintances
to Dr. Rouxel'B Institute, and all agreed with
him that the treatment •la ■ wonderful.
.Readers of This Paper, Be Wise!
Consult DR. ROUXEL and associated phy-
sician*. Office 323 Kenrny st. r Open dally from
10 to 4 and ItoB p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12. j; :
at the deed of Sullivan and made no ef
fort to restrain him when he started out.
One look she took at the man on the
floor and then rushed to the home of
Jeremiah Sullivan, 619^ Minna street.
He is a cousin of the murderer's father.
They went back to the house of death,
which they found filled with smoke.
With the assistance of Officer Hams
and Frank Murphy, driver of the patrol
wagon, they extinguished the flames
which the explosion of the cartridges,
held close to the man's clothing, had
started, by using water from the tea
kettle.
Tho money over which the men quar
reled was left by Mrs. Pratt. She was
married to the man who was murdered
last night thirteen years ago. She died
on the IGth inst. On me day before her
death Pratt deposited to his own credit
in the Hlbernia Bank $2147 08. On August
22 he drow $300 with which to Day the
funeral expenses. He has had $S0 on de
pocdi in his own name in the Hibernia
Bank since May 15, 1884.
He was preparing to go East shortly.
He had sold the furniture in the house
and had sent his personal belongings to
the house of a Mrs. Lee, who ha/T been a
friend of the family for years. Decedent
was a well-known character about the
city. He was a collector of bad debts and
also peddled lottery tickets.
The Coroner's deputies are much In
censed at the failure of the police to
notify them of the deed until an hour
after the police officer sent to investi
gate had reported tho man as dead. They
would not have found it out then had
it not been for parties inquiring for in
formation at the Coroner's office. Sulli-
van surrendered himself at about 9:15 and
an officer was sent out at once to Investi
gate.
At 10:15 o'clock a reporter strolled into
the Coroner's office and asked Deputy
Hallet if he was "back with that body
already." Hallet had heard nothing of tho
case up to this time, and telephoned to
officials at the City Hall for information.
He was then told that the man was dead
and had been dead for about two hours.
The police offered no excuse for failing to
give the customary notice.
He then told fci a disj way of the
trouble he had had w M his stepfather
over money left by his mother.
"My mother died last week." he said,
"and before she died she left all her
nwney to my stepfather. There waa
some mystery about her death and he
J. L. PRATT, Murdered by His Stepson
•
hurried her off too soon. Father Col
lins, the priest at St. Joseph's, attended
her before she died. He said if he knew j
she had a son he would have acted dlf
ferently as to the disposition of her
money. „ .
"I had a quarrel with my stepfather
yesterday and this afternoon I bought a
: . r and cartridges for $3 50. I went j
to s<-e him again to-night and expected
trouble. I taxed him about the money ]
and he denied having any. We were sit
ting in the kitchen at the time and he
got up and ran into his room. I sup- !
pose he picked me out for a good thing.
j thought this Is enough and gave it to
him. I then walked up here and sur
rendered."
Sullivan did not appear to realize for
an instant the position in which he was
placed.
CHINESE POLITICAL CLUB.
Americans Who Wear the Queue to
Take Part in the Campaign.
Eight native-born Chinese, of more than I
21 years of age, have registered as voters |
for the coming municipal election and
have organized a club for campaign pur
poses. They will vote .in the Eleventh
Precinct of the Forty-third Assembly Dis
trict, and will cast their eight votes for
such candidates as they may find to be
"friendly" to them.
"There are between 300 and 400 native
born Chinese in this State who have at
tained thoir majority," said Tong K.
Chi ngr, editor of the Chinese AVorld, yes
terday, "'but there are several thousand
Amf-ri'-an Chined* not more than 4 I
or 5 year* oldi Of course it will be a long ■
time before any of the latter can vote or f
become Mayor of San Francisco, so we i
need not take them into account just yet." [
A white man who has had more than
thirty years' business experience in Chi
natown said th.-it the son of Ung Fook
and the son of Dr. Li Po Tai started the
Chinese-American political club some i
vearfi ago. The club at present consists
bf six or eight members.
RACEHORSE RUINED.
Lord Talbot Clifton • Receives Fatal
Injuries.
Lord Talbot Clifton, a valuable race
horse owned by "White Hat" McCarthy,
was run Into by an express wagon owned
by L H. Clayburg yesterday afternoon.
The shaft struck the animal in .the. right
flank, inflicting a wound which will prove
fa Lord Talbot Clifton Is by Flooa, out of
imoGulo, and was formerly. known as
the "Oulo colt." : He was seven years old
7\3t has won a number of races on local
tracks Th " horse was valued at $1000.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
' ■ TRANS-ATLANTIC : STEAMERS..: . ' .
WaWTOBK-Arrlv** Aug 27-Stmr La
ffiSSSSSSSSSiSSS Rotterdam, for .Rotter
rt, mlr U Gascwnc, for Havre; B tmr Urn
for llamburg:
Aug 27-Stm La Champagne,
°LIVERPpOL~SaiIed Aug 26-Etmr, Cevlc.
fO BUEMEN > -Salied' Aug ;. 27-Stmr iCoenlsren"
LU ANT^ERP-Saned Aug 27-Stmr W«tera
laLlvEßPOO OO a r Ued Aug ; 27-Stmr Etrml<
°MOVILLE-Sailed Aug ' 27-Stmr \ City" ■
R A^TWEJIP-Arr < lvea Aug 27-Stmr; Xenslng:
ton. from Yew York. • .... -
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
THE EIGHTH
CALIFORNIA
ON PARADE
Remarkably Fine Drill
Yesterday.
WITNESSED BY THOUSANDS
A REGIMENT OF WHICH THE
STATE MAY BE PROUD.
The Men Drilled With the Precision
of Old-Time Regulars, and
Were Reviewed by Gen
eral Miller.
The drill of the Eighth California Regi
ment on the parade ground, at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, yesterday afternoon
was witnessed by a crowd of over 4000
people, among whom were many promi
nent citizens. Occupying seats on the re
viewing stand were Brigadier General
Miller and staff, Judge Advocate Bor
rough. Lieutenant Colonel Shriver and
Major Goodall, both of the Twenty-third
Infantry; Colonel Berry, Major Welch and
Lieutenants Hammond and Fexnald, all
of the Seventh California; Adjutant Gen
eral Barrett; Colonel R. L. Peeler, assist
ant adjutant general; Colonel J. F. Bur
gin, inspector of rifle practice; Lieutenant
Colonels Young, Pippy, Andrews, Vail,
Beck, Howell and Dnolittle, aides-de
camp, and Colonel Chadbourne, all of
Governor Budd's staff; and Rev. C. E.
Locke.
Preceding the drill a concert was given
by the bands of the Eighth California,
Twentieth Kansas and First Tennessee
regiments. The opening drill was the
School of the Battalion, in close order, by
Companies A, D, E and M, composing the
P'irst Battalion, in command of Lieutenant
Tnlum-l Carrington, with Lieutenant Bean
as adjutant, which was executed with
great precision. The Second Battalion,
consisting of Companies B, C, G and I, in
command of Major Whitton, with Lieu
teriant Munn as adjutant, gave a physical
exercise with arms, which elicited merited
and enthusiastic applause. This drill was
a most interesting feature of the pro
gramme. The street riot drill, by the
Third Battalion, composed of Companies
E, H, X and L, commanded by Major
Forbes, with Lieutenant Denson as adju
tant, was admirably performed, especially
the forming of the hollow square. The
extended order drill, by Company G, under
Captain Stmp.son and Lieutenants Weth
ern and Munn, was the most novel and
exciting event of the afternoon. The firing
of blank cartridges was unexpected by the
crowd, which was considerably startled at
the first discharge. Then came guard
mounting. Lieutenant Smith being adju
tant; Captain Baldwin, new officer of the
day; Captain Rlley. old officer of the day;
Lieutenant Adel, officer of the guard; and
Lieutenant Denson, supernumerary. Next
in order wai the regimental parade in line
of masses. Colonel Henshaw commanding,
and Lieutenant 1). A. Smith acting as ad
iutant. Tlii> programme closed with the
review of the regiment by General Miller.
It was the general verdict that the
Eighth California is a credit to the State.
It is composed of a magnificent lot of
men, both a.s to physique and character,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Schillings Best
baking powder saves money.
Schilling s Best coffee does not;
but it is delicious coffee.
and considering that they have been in
service only about sixty days they have
attained a wonderful degree of perfection
in tactics and the manual of arms.
At the close of the drill a collation was
served to the regiment by the Mothers'
Club of the Army and Navy Christian
Commission, the president of the club,
Mrs. C. S. Wright, superintending the
affair.
EVENTS AT THE PRESIDIO.
The Unpleasantness Between
Colonels Funston and Little
Has Been Exaggerated.
Inl the controversy between Colone
Funston and Lieutenant Colonel Little of
the Twentieth Kansas Regiment the
facts have been greatly exaggerated.
Lieutenant Colonel Little stated yester
day that he had expressed his opinion as
to the fitness of certain officers in the
regiment who were in the line of promo
tion, and that he did no more than he
believed that he had a right to do, but
that Colonel Funston had disapproved of
what he had done, and that was the end
of the matter. Lieutenant Colonel Little
was not ordered to his quarters by Col
onel Funston, nor was he put under ar
rest.
First Lieutenant James B. Nolan,
Fourth Cavalry, who went to the Yo
semite Valley with the First Utah Cav
alry, has returned to the Presidio.
First Lieutenant F. W. Harris, adju
tant of the Fourth Cavalry, left last
night on a week's furlough for Portland,
Or! Lieutenant O'Shea will act as adju
tant while he is aosent. ji'
Three suspected cases of typhoid fever
from the Seventh California were taken
yesterday to the division field hospital.
There were no deaths at the hospital yes
terday
At a' late hour Friday night some pn«
broke into the tent of Quartermaster Jef
fries of the First Brigade and stole a
field glass and a revolver, the value of
which amounted to $40. His son, who is
In charge of the tent, stated that when
he left Friday evening he shut it up as
usual and placed the glasses and revolver
in his desk. Entrance to the tent was
effected by cutting a large slit in the
Private Fred Shaufele, Company A,
Twentieth Kansas, is in the regimental
hospital suffering from what Is appar
ently an attack of temporary Insanity.
Friday afternoon some of the soldiers of
his company noticed that he was acting
queerly. He was seen to go Into his tent
and load his rifle and then attempt to fire
It into his body by pressing the trigger
with his toe. The gun was taken from
him and he was carried struggling to the
hospital, where he tried to beat out his
brains with his fists. Shaufele was better
yesterday, although he Is still under a
guard. He declares that ftte is subject to
brain attacks, and when these are upon
him he is not aware of what he is doing.
He will no doubt be brought before an
examining board and discharged from the
service for physical disability. •
Departure of the Scandia.
The transport Seandia started at 11:30
o'clock yesterday morning on her voy
-age to Manila via Honolulu, her departure
being witnessed by quite a crowd gather
ed on Meiggs wharf. The steamer Herald
took out quite a number of Red Cross la
dies to bid the Seandia farewell. Among
them were Mrs. Requa, Mrs. McMullen,
Mrs Huse, Mrs. Derby, Miss Florence
Mason Miss Eekert and Miss Tickner.
Miss Nellie Grant, granddaughter of Gen
eral Grant, was a guest of tho ladies on
the Herald.
A Red Cross Warning.
A man calling himself Major Moore Is
reported as having represented himself as
an agent of the Red Cross and collected
money for the society which has not been
turned in. The only agents of the Red
Cross are the members of the subscrip
tion committee, who are furnished with
the society's receipt books.
Examined for a Commission.
John Wlnthrop Barnes, a native of San
Francisco and a post graduate of the
State University, has successfully passed
an examination for appointment to a sec
ond lieutenancy in the regular army. He
expocis to receive an appointment in the
near iutur*.
STRUCK A WAITER.
C. J. Johnson Arrested for Assault-
ing a Japanese Boy.
C. W. Johnson, a wholesale butcher,
surrendered himself at the Southern Po
lice Station last night in answer to a
John Doe warrant, charging him with
battery on S. Sumli, a Japanese boy, em
ployed as a waiter in a Market street
saloon.
Johnson visited the saloon last Wednes
day night in company with a party of
friends, two of whom were women. They
had some trouble with the waiter and
left the saloon. About half an hour
later they returned and made the claim
that Johnson had only received 40 cents
change for a $10 gold piece which he had
fiven in payment for a 60-cent round of
rinks. The boy denied the charge, saying
that he had been given two 60-cent pieces.
A wrangle ensued, in which the boy was
slapped and cuffed until the bartender In
terfered and the party withdrew to a
back room and rang for a waiter. The
boy answered the call and when he en
tered the room Johnson struck him.
knocking him Into the hall, where he lay
unconscious for an hour.
The proprietor of the saloon is of the
opinion that one of the women robbed
Johnson.
Killed by Savage Storks.
Complaint was made to the officers of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals that extreme cruelty had been
practiced In Golden Gate Park by the
manager of the Japanese tea gardens. It
seems that the old house cat had become
the mother of a healthy lot of kittnes,
which, upon becoming half-grown, proved
to be a nuisance to the manager. Dur
ing the visit of a couple of ladles who
wanted to have a sip of tea after a walk
the Jap, much to their horror, threw the
kittens Into the enclosure where the big
storks are kept. The savage birds with
their long, sharp bills, at once attacked
the helpless kittens, and after repeated
Jabbing killed them and then proceeded
to devour their victims. The sight so
shocked tho ladles that they fled without
finishing their tea and complained to the
officers of the society. To the latter the
wife of the manager made no denial that
her husband had thrown the little ani
mals to the storks, but she said that they
had been stunned before being thrown
into the inclosure. As the ladles who wit
nessed the cruelty could not be Induced
to appear In the police court the case had
to be dropped.
The Bismarck Celebration.
A meetiriK of the literary committee
having charge of the exercises of the
Bismarck memorial celebration was held
yesterday afternoon in the rooms of the
beutscher Verein. Professor Julius Goc
bel was unanimously selected to deliver
the oration In German, and Professor
Bernard Moses for the English oration.
WITTMAN NOW
LEVIES TRIBUTE
FOR SWORDS
Patrolmen Under Him
Again Assessed.
HE WILL RIVAL CHIEF LEES
MAJORITY OF THE MEN ARE
AFRAID TO OBJECT.
They Are Ail Expected to Pay Fifty
Cents Toward a Voluntary Con
tribution Fund Next
Month.
Police Captain Wlttman, ho of the
clammy hand and cold feet, and the ser
geants under him will on the next dress
parade cut a wide swathe and rival the
venerable Chief Lees and his graudy uni
form. Wlttman Is going to have a sword
of finest finish; the sergeants will also
have sword 6. but not of so fine make. It
Is needless to say that the swords will
not be paid for by Wittman or the ser
geants. They will come in the shape of
a "voluntary contribution" from the men
under them. "Voluntary contribution"
In this instance is a term used in police
circles instead of "arbitrary assessment."
Each and every patrolman will on the
llrst of next month step up to the "Cap
tain's office" and "contribute" 60 cents
out of his hard earned wages toward
the sword fund. None of the men will
refuse to "contribute." A failure to do
so would mean a call to "walk the car
pet" in the Police Commisslo.ners* office
on the slightest provocation. A police
captain and a police sergeant are to be
feared by the unfortunate patrolman who
does not "contribute" when he la asked
to do so.
Just who originated the sword presenta
tion idea is not known, but there is a
lurking suspicion in the minda of the pa
trolmen that it emanated from the fer
tile mind of Captain Wittman. Lieuten
ant Birdsall and Sergeant Nash are tht
men who were delegated to levy the "vol
untary" contribution.
When the officers under Birdsall report
ed for duty Thursday evening he in
formed them that a "contribution" of 50
cents from each of them when they drew
their next salary would be applied to a
fund to purchase swords for Captain
Wlttman and the sergeants.
"Of course you are not compelled to pay
anything into the fund unless you desire
to 'do so," said Birdsall in a suave tone.
"Understand, it Is not compulsory," he
continued, "and If any officer does not feel
like contributing- let him say so now. You
must understand that the swords will be
the property of the department, and when
any of you are raised to the rank of ser
geant, a sword will be awaiting you. All
In favor of the contribution will say aye,"
he concluded.
A death-like stillness fell over the as
sembly hall. Then there were a few chir
rups of yes.
Birdsall looked pained and surprised.
He was unable to realize for a moment
that any patrolman would object to pay-
Ing the "voluntary contribution."
"All opposed," said he, when he had In
a measure regained his composure.
There w«s a chorus of noes that
went rumbling through the corridors of
the new City Hall.
Patrolman Jack Ralnsberry, who for the
last ton years has been living in hopes of
becoming a sergeant, came to the rescue.
"I demand a division," said he.
"The proposition has been lost," »ald
Birdsall.
"But I Insist on a division," replied
Ralnsberry.
"A division has been called for by Offi
cer Ralnsberry," said Birdsall, "and un
der parliamentary rules It must be
granted. All opposed to contributing will
please raise their hands."
i Only three of the men had the auda
city to raise their hands In objection.
They will in futune have to walk a very
straight line or their stars will be lost to
them.
The men were then sent out on their
beats and the "voluntary contribution"
fund will be started next Thursday.
"If I was a sergeant," grumbled one of
the men as he left the assembly room. "I
would pay for my own sword. Luckily
for him, he was not discovered. If he
was known he would now be patrolling
one of the fog enveloped districts out
near the ocean beach.
Sergeant Nash had his turn as a promo
ter of the "voluntary contribution fund
at the North End station. The proposi
tion went through there like a slate tick
et at a Democratic primary. Only one
officer objected, and It is probable that
within the next few weeks he will find
himself walking a beat in the Potrero.
The others were afraid to raise their
voices in protest against the assessment.
"At one time," said one of the oldest of
cera on the force last night, "a patrolman
received his entire salary at the end of
the month. Those days are gone, how
ever." he added, with a sigh. "If it isn't
a case of buying a new helmet, it is a case
of getting a new revolver. If the helmet
and revolvers are all rignt, the great
grand aunt of some sergeant dies, and
there Is an assessment for a floral piece.
It is now a matttr of an assessment every
month. Why. we have just paid an as
sessment to buy drums for a drum corps
to hammer out martial music for Chief
Lees when he is out on review. I suppose
that we will next be called upon to volun
tarily contribute toward a fund for pur
chasing groceries and supplies for our su
perior officers."
Medical Fraternity Dinner.
The members of the Pi Gamma Epsilon
Fraternity of Cooper Medical College
held their midterm dinner on Thursday
evening. Toasts, songs and music con
tributed toward the pleasures of the
evening. Those present were: Daniel
Crosby, William Hlmmelsbach, William
C. Hopper, Orra C. Hyde, fred J. /.obel,
Ernest M. Fine, Harold Ohrwall, Martin
E Simon. Thomas .P Bartlett, William E.
Tebbe. S. J. Wells, Walter L. Perrott,
Charles A. Bell, William Osmers, Hall
Vestal, Edward R. Hanlon, Edward M.
Cherry, Donald M. Mcßae, George H.
McGeer, William F. Blake, J. L. Howard,
3 W. James, Frank E. Sawyer, J. H.
Bernard, F. L. Emmal and W. Burgess
Estrs.
Among the setlments proposed and re
wponded to were: "PI Gamma Epsilon,"
"The President and Faculty of Cooper
Medical College," "The Future of Our
Fraternity." Our Alma Mater" and
Our Profession."
ADVEBTTSEMEiJTS.
qOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
JCITYOF|^ PARIS!
* DRY GOODS COMPANY.
I BLACK DRESS GOODS. |
O FALL OPENING OF"
O PARIS NOVELTIES.
q We beg to Announce that our collection of O
} HIGH-GRADE BLACK NOVELTIES
n will be placed on sale Monday, August 29. Our styles are EXCLU. q
n SIVE and are not shown by any other firm. -v
W Owing to the INCREASED DEMAND FOR BLACK GOODS w«j v
k » have made unußu«l preparations for the coming seweon. Our O
O assortment Is the choicest ever shown on this coast, consisting of\ O
O Bayadere Novelties In combinations of Satin and Velvet,
O Bayadere Crepons, Silk and Wool Matalasses, Silk and
O Wool Bengalines, Pierola, Crepons, all 48 inches wide.
® itmw TAiLon aviT moa in—
q Drap d'Amazon, English Tweeds,
O Satin Cloth, English Cheviots,
O Venetian Cloth, Wool Imperial Cords. ®
O MOURNING GOODS A SPECIALTY.
O See Display In Our Show Windows.
£ COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. I
• CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
q Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets.
O UNION SQUARE.
00000000 000000000 oo 0000000000000000 oo
I Tailor- J
I Built I
j Suits. I
i We offer a magnificent g
1 assortment of fabrics for I
I tailor-made garments —to m
order.
Elegant Tailor Suit,
I $20.00
Suit, All Silk Lined, I
$30.00 1
H Our stock of Ready- U
H ' Made Suits, as usual, J
g at very low prices. 1
THE BLACK GOODS
I . HOUSE,
I 1106 MARKET STREET, I
I . Near Turk and Mason. I
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
V(W Th " ' Full Set of Teeth
-aSOr^S /^§<jt> -i.'- extracting free $5 00 up
J&^ySh&GOSPF Gold Crown^ 22k ■$350 up
Jsf m ~sre*S*s£*» V Fillings ... 25 eta. up
—^-W^iSsy^U S Open Evenings & Sunday*
Br^aE^^Cß VAN VROOM
>^jlw«Vv Electro Dental Parlors
■^^Sl Fv' Blxth and Market
-„-;!.- Dr. 6 W. Kleiser, Prop.
—
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE. j
EVERT DAT AND SUNDAY, TOO, at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare 75c j
'Special Rates to Excursion Parties, ■
Beginning MONDAY, August 22. j
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues., Wed.. Thure. and' Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.) !
Fridays V..'.....;:l p. m. and 8:30 p. m. j
Sundays ...............10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m..
Landing and. of flees— Mission Dock. Pier l : .
Telephone Red 2241. .
I r once heard the JeadTng contralto singer'of the Castle
Square Theater Opera Co<, of^ Boston, remark to a friend r
sitting in her dressing-room i " Some singers can't sing\
well, they say, just after eating heartily", and take only a
light lunch ; but it works ju9t the opposite with me. It's
impossible for me to sing a hard opera wkhout . haviae a
good meal before ; but I often take a
Ripims Tubule
to help digest it. My voice la always clearer and m©r%,
powerful when I do/
OCEAN TBAVEI^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Ifc^ Steamers leave Broadway
lyfefrw, wharf. San Francisco:
I >^W??S'*>. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 MiiyCrJCTfc August 4, 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept.
4 fILMNMiKa 3, transfer at Seattle.
' BK^S 3^l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
1 E'gJTCir'fv'll C ) Port Townsend, Seattle,
\f **$&&&& Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
a *® and New-Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a m., August 4, 9. 14. 19. 24,
29 EeDt. 8 and every fifth day thereafter con-
necting at Seattle with this company's steam-
era for" Alaska and O. N. Ry., at Tacoma with
v' P Rv at '■ Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m. Aug.
€ 12. 18. 24., 30, Sept. 5 and every , sixth day
Crux. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cawn. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota.' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Lob Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m., Aug. 1. 5. 9. IS,. 17 21. 25. 29,
Sent 2 and every fourth day thereafter .
irAr San Diego, stopping: only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Tos AnKelea and Redondo (Los Anseles), 11 a.
m Aul.' 3 7. U. 13, 19. 23. 27. 31. Sept. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. , San Jose del
C-ibo Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a: m., ISth of
CV For further information obtain folder.
The : . company reserves the right to cnang<s
without, previous . notice steamers, _ sailing ■ dates
nnrt hours of jiaiiinsr.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agta.,
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO. ;
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P3P 3 O IR, T JLjj&. ISTD
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Includinjr Berths
IAnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ..........Aug. 3. 13. 23, Sept. I
State of California. July 30. Aug. 8. 18, 28, Sept. 7
St Paul SIS 00] St. Louis $32 09
Kansas City .... 26 00! Chicago ....... 24 03
Omaha 26 00| New York 210*
. • ■;'.: ..-.'■. E. C. WARD. General Agent.
. 630 Market st.
GOOD ATI* PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
«j . French Lino to Havre.
Company's pier (new), 42 North -t^rtst^
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers
by this line avoid both transit by ««5"ih0«»»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
: Alexandria, | Egypt, via Paris, first class, 1140;
second class, $116. 1 -
LA TOURAINE Sept. 3. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10, 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE Sept. 17. 10 a. m. ■
LA NORMANDIE .....Sept. 24. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Oct. 1, 10 a. m.
For further partlcula-s apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, •
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
S.-S. AUSTRALIA
JBffpßMfa ft Hit BC galla for Honolulu only
• Thursday ' September 1.
PHVnMBfI S - S - AUSTRALIA
[3hSHlE sails for Honolulu only
[•£■■■■"• Thursday, September 1.
r?dM[lV\niD^ sails via Honolulu and
Jrag^j*' GHUJIIIJIiip Auckland for Sydney
(Oil)93fwr Wednesday, September
\*^iiitwviw| 2 p. m
Line to COOLGARDIE,! Australia, and CAPE-
TOWN. ■ South Africa, ■' .'
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
•- ■■■■.- ; ■••_ ■..••■■-'• •;">• 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office — Market st. , San Francisco.-
1112
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th- Ban Franclwso
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o clocK.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 °' cl ° ck
22ei Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 o'clock. ■___
106 Eleventh street; open until » o clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 °' <_?<*-
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
•treets. open until 9 o'clock. _____»«•____.
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ. SoU-ntlst. Central
block, 223 Sutler st between Ke *™> anu
Grant ave.-Chrtstian Science Bible lessons.
%_£* bu^ P^s h «f; |vlneTif
teeted." Sunday school for children U a^ m
Testimonial meeting Wednesday evening at
S o'clock. All are welcome. r
rTßST^Pr^byte^lan Church, Van Ness aye.
and Sacramento st.-Rev. Robert Mackenzie.
I) D.. will preach at 11 a. m. and Key - H - ".
Wintler at 7:46 p. m. Sunday school at 12 !.«
p. m. Y. P. S. C. K. at 6:30 p. m. All are
welcome. __
CAI-VAKY Presbyterian Church, cor Powell
C and Geary sts.-Rev. John Hemphill, D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and i=« rf P V>J?"
Topic, afternoon, "Sin i>unlshment and Par-
don" Music, morning, anthem. • re pare Ye
the Way," Dr. Garnett. o , ttei 2, OTy •
Unto Me" (Lindsay); alto solo. Mrs. bedglej -
Reynolds. Music, afternoon: Ar.them, Bon-
um Est" (G). J- S Camp; offertory Praise
the Lord." George Rupers; bass solo. Mr. W.
C. Campbell. All are made welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan si s.-ReY.
John Stephens, pa.tor; residence^ 309 Halght
ft Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. ll»«
pastor will preach at both services Topic
at 11 a m., "Why Did Christ Die?" and at
7-46 d m., -Every Man for Himself. Sunday
school at 12:30 p .m.; C. B. Perkins. «uperin-
tendent. Epworth _ League meeting at b.ju
p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at
7.45 p. m. The public cordially invited to all
the services of this church. Seats . free.
Ushers In attendance. ,
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion St.. between Sixth and Seventh. Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Subject at 11 a. m.. "Methodism and Amen
ca " At 7:45 p. m., "General Shatter and the
Army Canteen." Sunday school, 1 p. m.. Mr.
R V Watt, superintendent; Christian En-
deavor, 6:15 p. m. ; seats free; all invited.
Midweek prayer service Wednesday, J . :4o p.
m: class . meetings. Sabbath, at -9:30 a. m.
and 12:30 p. m., and Thursday evening at 7:45.
Next Friday evening at the church Dr. Lock
will lecture on "The Parson: His Parish.
His Privileges and His Predicaments.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m. Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Rev.
F. B. Cherington, D.D., pastor, will preach
morning and evening. _J .' .
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.. Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor— Morning service. 11 o'clock. Rev. E.
S. Chapman. D.D.. superintendent of the
Anti-Saloon League, will preach. Evening
service. 7:45. Sermon by the pastor. Theme,
"Hedged Up With Thorns." Sunday school
end Bible classes at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E.,
6:45 p. m. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and
choirmaster. ■• •
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post st., organized by divine, command In
1830— Is the restoration of the gospel: Rev.
xlv:6-7. The "Messenger to prepare the way '
for the coming of Jesus Christ. Preaching,
11 a m. and 7:45 p. m. Strangers especially
Invited. All welcome. C. A. Parkin In
charge. _^_
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E. . Cra-
mer pastor. Discourse at 11 a, m. subject
"I am the Door." Services every Sunday a
Yosemite Hall. Native Sons' building. Mason
St., bet. Post and Geary. Take elevator.
tied am r\y&n ;p_n
DIVINE services will be held by Rev. M. M.
Goldln on "The Coming of New Year's Day
and the Day of Atonement," at Mowry'
Opera Hall cor. Grove and Laguna sts., as
during the past years, with the greatest satis
faction. Tickets to be had from Rev. M. M
Goldln, 636 Hayes St., also on the following
' Sundays: August 28. September 4 and Sep-
tember 11. .hours 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m., and
all day Friday. September 16, at the above
hall. Tickets, $1 and $1 50.
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public ..lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock In Frater-
nal Hall, Odd Fellows' building. To-night
"Inspired Lives," by Mr. Charles P. Nellson
Lotus circle for children in same building at
2:30 p. m. Sunday. Lodge meetings every
Wednesday at 8 p. m. __
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Lodge No. T. Theo-
sophical Society in America, International
Brotherhood League. Sl9 Market st.— Lecture
to-night. "Twelve Labors of Initiation," Mr«
F. E. Wait; Tuesday night, "Intuition"; Sat
urday night. "Law of Harmony."
"■ SUNDAY MEETINGS.
THE third annual convention of the California
State Spiritualists' Association will be held
In San Francisco on September 2, 3 and 4,
commencing Friday at 10 a. m.. at Occidental
• Hall, 305 Larkin St., where all -business ses-
sions will be held. The three evening and all
Sunday sessions will, be held in Metropolitan
Temple, on Fifth St., near Market. All ses-
sions free to the public. .
OAKLAND Psychical Society meets at Fra-
ternal Hall. Washington St., 8 p.- m. Memorial
services In honor of Mr. D. L. Shead of Ala-
meda will be held. Mme. Florence Montagu
will occupy the platform.
DR. M. MEULENBRUCH will not hold hall
meeting or Tuesday evening circle until fur-
ther notice, on account of overwork; office,
Brunswick Hotel, Washington and Ninth sts
Oakland. ■ ■
AT Dr. Rines' spiritual . society, 909 Market;
11. free; 2-8, 10c; Katie Heussmann. Barkley
Vigers; ninth anniversary September 7, 909
Market St.; all society welcome. ;
MME. FLORENCE MONTAGUE holds meeting
next Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock at Oc-
cidental Hall. 305 Larkin St., S. F. ; no fur-
ther notice. . _^
TEST meeting. 2 and 8 p. m.; 10c; 335 McAllis-
ter; Stitt, Nlta. Mrs. Bird. Hargrave, others.
LEANDER. the king of mediums; test circle
to-night; everyone gets a test. 508 Eddy st.
TEST meeting to-night. Sixth and .Market sts.;
Mesdames Robinson, Drew and Griffin; free.
MM]- YOUNG'S . convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister St.; sittings to-day.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S sittings dally. $1; test
circles Friday evening, 25c. 641 Jessie st.
C. V. MILLER, etherlallzing materializing se-
ance ; 8 p. . m. 60c. 409 Leavenworth st. ;
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN has moved to 120 Mo-
■ Ulster, flat No. 1; sittings dally.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ■
. M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _J__
EVENING/a t 7:30 o'clock; second de- jKlf
gree. By^order of the W. M. /▼
G. W. ROOT, Secretary.
READ to-morrow's "Weekly Trestle « •
Board for Items of Masonic Interest. m^\ m
I cents at all news-stands, or |l per 1_ jf
year. ' /\T '
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. __*H_Sk
F.— lnitiation MONDAY EVEN- _gS K^ l^_.
ING, August 29. All brothers "iSSJL'jO^
' are courteously Invited. '"w/rtvF^
JAMES A. WILSON. N. O.
C. H. KORNBECK, R. S. ' ..-..
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. -MUjKff^
F. -Officers and members are re-
quested to assemble In your hall -3SJjK2HF
SUNDAY, August 28, at 1:30 p. --£w^
m., for the purpose of attending the funeral
of our late brother, HERMANN C. LIEB.
By order of JAMES A. WILSON. N. G.
C. H. KORNBECK, Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15, A. A. of M. and
■ P.— Officers and members are requested to at-
tend our next regular meeting MONDAY
EVENING. August 29. 1898, as , business of
Importance will come : before ; the harbor. -■■
2 LODGE rooms; all needed 'accommodations;
927 Mission. L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay st. .
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 84~_<P'cenU
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St., on and after Thursday, Sep-
tember 1. 1898. " Transfer books will close on
Friday, August 26, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m. -
. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL, NOTICES. , .
| BIDS wanted for bar and other privilege*, Jour^
ne-men Butchers' picnic and barbecue. Agri-
cultural : Park, San Jose, Sunday, ; September
11. - Bid« for bar and other privileges, : same
to include stands, booths, games, ■ slot . ma-
chines, etc.,' must b« separate and must ; be
accompanied by certified check. Bids will be
opened at Pythian Castle, 909 Market ■: st.,
Monday, August 20, 9, p. m.. In presence of
. bidders. The committee reserves the right to
reject any and all bids. ; ) -.' v : "  ; i ; r
BABY boy for adoption. 1 year old. 20 Crescent
st., Oakland, Piedmont; get off Perry st. ....
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. -. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 8; tel. 6580.-,
■ CEWING - MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, ' Domestic, . Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
. machine supplies. 146 Sixth ; r phone Mint 45.
- ALL kind* ; bought, ; sold, i. exchanged, i rented;
repairing at lowest . rate*. , £08 Fourth «t. ;-■
EMPLOYMFNT OFFICES.
FIRST-CLASS help furnished promptly. C.
H. TAYLOR & CO.. 1023 Market, nr. Sixth.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; Ideal help.
122 Golden Date aye.; telephone South 1.1.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEJIALK.
COMPETENT Swedish second girl, beet of ref.
erence, desires a situation. J. F. CHOSJiIi
& CO., 316 Sutter at.
YOUNG German woman wishes position m
housekeeper in respectable family. Box l&ft.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, perfect fl tter,
goes out at $1 50 per day. MRS. M. FU)H«,
661 Minna St., near Seventh. t
REFJNED German lady wants a situation as
lady's maid in refined American family, aq-
dress 946 Mission St., room^ll^
WANTED- By respectable woman, housekeep-
ing, nursing, sewing or chamber work; could
take entire charge of infant. Please call
1354 Eddy st.
NEAT and refined young lady desires situation
as nursery jroverness; rpealcs German; no ob-
jection to short distance In the country. Ad-
dress box 148. Call^ office.
BY New England woman, place as housekeeper
in small family, or care of Invalid. Address
I. W_ 116 Turk st;
WOMAN, understands German. Is a good cook,
neat and clean, wants situation In a small
family; no washing; good city reference. 12.
Turk st.
SWEDISH girl wants place for second work;
wages not below $20; best of references. Ad-
dress box 161. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants plain sewing,
mending or companion to invalid. Address
MRS. M. C. box 158. Call office.
YOUNG lady with three years' experience
wishes a position as bookkeeper or cashier.
Address box 156, Call office.
WANTED— By Canadian Protestant woman,
cooking and housework In private family;
city or country. Call at 26 Hyde st.
OFFICE work; lady with practical experience
would like position as bookkeeper, cashier or
clerk ; will leave city. Box 162, Call offloe.
SEAMSTRESS with flrst-cla»s city references
desires a few more engagements; $1 per day;
suits, $3 50 up. Box 1»S, Call office.
JAPANESE girl wants situation in family to
do housework and plain cooking: wage* $15
per month. Box 168, Call office^
POSITION as private secretary, companion or
position of trust. Address box 174. Call office.
SWEDISH woman with city reference wishes
situation as cook in private family. Address
box 49, Call offloe.
WANTED— Work; will do nursing or do house
work by the day: good references; $1 per day
and car fare. Call at 433 Jessie St., between
Fifth and Sixth^
YOUNG woman will assist in exchange for
home with nice family. Box 51. Call office.
•WOMAN desires housekeeper's place; city or
country; no trlflers need apply. 1191 Market
St., corner Sixth, room 209^
WANTED — By Eastern trained nurse, aged 39,
permanent position as child's nurse; can take
complete charge, teaching. diet. excellent
seamstress; would wait on invalid; under-
stands massage; references; wages $25 month:
city or country. Call or address, three days.
Nurse. 610 Van Ness aye.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by the
day In family; terms $1 50 per day. Address
640 Chestnut st.
WOMAN wltb. a little child 8 years old wishes
situation: city or country- 504 Leavenworth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
housekeeper; city or country. Box 175. Call.
YOUNG woman would like chamber work and
sewing; city or country. Box 144. Call.
WORK by the day by a capable woman; wash-
Ing, sweeping and windows; $1 per day. Ad-
dress MRS. M.. box 176. Call.
SWEDISH woman wants washing and Iron-
ing by the day: $1 ."A Address 3255 Twenty-
second st.. near Valencia.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wants position;
also experienced nurse; best of references
given. 658 Eighth St., Oaklanc^
SWEDISH widow would like a position aa
housekeeper In a widower's family. Address
J., box 2, Call office. Oakland.
THOROUGHLY reliable Eastern lady desires
position as housekeeper in gentleman's fam-
ily; references. Address F. W., box 9, Call
office. Oakland.
fOUNG woman wishes work by the day. week
or month: not afraid of work. Please call
at 212 Eighth st.
WIDOW with a child wants housekeeper's
place; small wages. 25 Decatur «., off Bryant.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go out in family to
sew: 75c per day. 121 Bhotwell st.
DRESSMAKER f t' m the East; flrst-class cut-
ter and fitter: goes out by the day; makes a
suit in one day. 352 Fell St.
WOMAN wishes work by the day washing or
housecleaning: wages $1 a day and carfare.
Call or address MRS. McMKEKIN. 507 Birch.
WOMAN of experience wants any kind of work
by the day. 368 Linden aye.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady of education and re-
finement would like position as companion,
private secretary or any position of trust;
willing to travel. Box 194, Call Office.
MOTHER and daughter would likeaposition as
housekeeper in widower's family; no objec-
tion to children. Add. L. S., box 126, Post-
offlce, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a situ-
ation as working housekeeper: is a good
plain cook; trlflers need not apply. Box 137,
Call. _
A COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; ref.: wages $20 to $25. Call
376 Seventh St., near Broadway, Oakland.
A YOUNG girl would like a position as com-
panion, and to assist In housework. Address
E. D., box 126, Postofflce. Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes situation at second
work, plain sewing, care of children; city or
country. 460 Jessie st.
A COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework: ref.: wages $22 to $23. Call
736 Myrtle st., Oakland.
WOMAN wants any kind of work by the day;
housework or sewing. MRS. M. H., 2732 ft
Mission st.
GOOD competent girl would like situation;
general housework, cooking: small wash. 3255
Twenty-second St., near Valencia,
YOUNG woman wants to take care of child
nights or evenings. Box 745, Call Office.
COMPETENT American housekeeper or cook;
boarding-house or large family. 1016 Market.
MRS. RANCK. flrst-class ladies' nurse, with
best of references, wishes a few more en-
fagements. 152 Erie st.. bet. Thirteenth and
'curteenth. near Foleom.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY St CO.. «40 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 ft O'Farrell at.; tel. East 426.
WANTED — By competent accountant and
stenographer, position with wholesale or
commission house; wages moderate; single
young man, not afraid of work of any kind;
best of references, bond, etc. ; main object op-
portunity for advancement. Address H., 411
Mason st.
MAN and wife wish positions In country; man
generally useful; wife as cook. Address 3?53
Mission; or wife as plain cook alone.
BOOKKEEPER, cashier, general office man,
desires position; experienced and reliable:
hlghegt references; salary moderate; age 35;
married. J. DOUGLASS. 241S Buchanan st.
EXPERIENCED gents' furnishing goods sales-
man wishes position; best references. Box 141,
Call office.
YOUNG man of long experience In grocery
business desires position In wholesale or re-
tall store; best of references. Address box
163. Call office.
PAPER hanger, with tools, painter, etc.,
wants work; contract or piece work; best
references. ANTOINE, 237 Shipley st.
MAN and wife want work camp or fruit
ranch: both experienced. HANSEN, 550
Mission St.
ENGINEER; steam, gas or electric; light or
power. Box 170, Call.
FIRST-CLABS bartender wants steady Job;
last place 5 years; understands liquor busi-
ness too: best of references. Box 171, Call.
MAN and wife. German, like positions on milk
ranch or private family; all around handy;
good milker; wages moderate. E. D.. box 113
Call.
MAN about 28 wishes position aa porter: ex-
perienced; refs. If necessary. Box 50, Call.
AMERICAN man and wife want situations as
cooks in campa or ranch work. Call or ad-
dress D., 797 ft Stevenson at.; best reference.
HOUSE and sign painter wishes position In
wholesale house at ' $12 per week. Address
box 153, Call office.
STEADY young man wishes situation as coach-
man, stableman or about place: thoroughly
understands care of horses; city or country.
Address box 147. Call office.
MARRIED man Is desirous of any kind of
steady work; painter and paperhan^er by
trade: can furnish tools; sober and Indus-
trious; best of references. L. B. WOODD,
Elmhurst, Cal.
MAN and wife with child 12 years wants a
position on a ranch, wife to do cooking; man
to do general farm work. Apply 929 Howard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
SITUATIONS WANTED — Continued.
GERMAN gardener, , thoroughly •- understands
propagating, landscape and greenhouse work,
wiehes • situation on a private place; ' refer-
ences. Address MULLER. box 138. Call of flee.
STEADY s: young i man wishes : situation as
coachman, stableman or " man about place,
thoroughly understands care of horses; city
or country. „ Box 197. Call Office.
SOBER middle-aged i man wants position •» In
small ■ hotel : or restaurant as diswasher,
kitchenhand or to make beds: last place five
years. Address : A. S.. box 1176. Call office.
YOUNG man, 20 years old, wishes place where
' he can take : care of horses and cows and
make himself generally useful about place.
Box - 140, , Call .. office. : , ' ■
ENGLISH ' coachman; thoroughly experienced
man; understands butler's • valet's duties; 5
years servant general officer cavalry; 5 years'
American references; could take full charge
private place; city or country. Box 86, Call.
A RELIABLE experienced driver desires situa-
tion to drive and care for team In any kind
of business; city reference*. ; Address box 29.
■ 102 O'Farrell st. - • -■■> ■■ '•' ,' '■
ELECTRICIAN, good wireman, understands
running engines and dynamos, wants work.
Box 128, Call office. ____
WOULD like \ situation as clerk either in
; wholesale or retail grocery or meat store; 2ft
years' ' experience; member of 'I. O. O. F.
Box 199, Call.
YOUNG man (19V4) wishes employment In some
shop; has had experience at lathe work. Box
189. Call. ■"-. - . •••.■-. .' ' ''-'"••• ■■
YOUNG man with good references desires po-
sition In private place as gardener and man
about place. Address J. D.. box 6, Call Office.
Oakland. ■ '  - ' '■'-' -
COMPETENT Japanese cook desires position
in private family; plain and fancy cook : first-
class references. Address HARRY. 936 Sac-
ramento st. _____ . * • _
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understand*
the care of lawn, flowers, horses and cows;
reference; private family: small wages and
good home. Box 220, Call Office.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night; $160 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; rre« bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ■ ••-■■ __j___
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. :
FOR country, cook, 2 in family, some house-
work. $25; second - girl and sewing, same
house. $20; 2 German and Scandinavian sec-
and girls. $25; 3 cooks. $25 and $30; 8 wait-
resses, $20 and $25; and a great many girls
for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 j
■ Sutter st: ■ ■ . ■ ■' "'■ ■ ;
GIRL for housework, 2 in family, $25; 3 Ger-
man, Scandinavian and American second
girls $20; 4 cooks. $25 and $30; 2 German and
Frenqh nurses. $20; laundress. $25; 2 cooks
smalf hotels, $26; 6 waitresses, $20, $5 and $6
week: and a large number of girls to fill our
numerous situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
81C Sutter St. . ' ' ,
WANTED— good woman cook for a ranch,
San Mateo Co.; $30 per month; references re-
quired; this Is a first-class place. Apply
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 C a y st.
FIRST-CLASS cooks, nurses, maids, 'laun-
dresses of any nationality, - with the best of
city references: ladles please call. LEON
ANDRE. 316 Stockton st. .......
WANTED— experienced nurse (Pro-
testant), with city references, to take care of
2 children; state wages. ; Address _. ±1.. f. <j.
box 2655, city. ' ______
GIRL, cook, plain . washing; wages $20; refer-
ences. 134 South Broderlck st., oft Haight
and Baker. • ,
OPERATORS on gent's white shirts. ROGER-
SON' S. 635 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor to take charge of
parlors; ref.; state salary. Box 878, Call.
WANTED— A waitress, German preferred, at
1923 Flllmore st. ■
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
flannel overshirts and drill clothing. Stand-
ard Shirt Factory. Gough and Grove sts.
YOUNG woman to do general housework. Ap-
ply 129 Perry st. ■ - . • ■
WANTED— A housekeeper of experience. 1191
Market St., cor. Sixth, room 209.
APPRENTICE wanted for hair work at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
FOUR waitresses, $20; eleven girls for general
and second work. 1023 Market st. -
GIRL for housework, small family, no wash-
ing, no children, good home, $8 a month. 618
Flllmore St.. near Hayes. ■
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
876 San, Jose . aye. . -:'"•' - ■ -
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking; good
opportunity for girl. Call l3o4.Larkln at. __
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the only , successful school of I its
kind on the coast; we teach the cutting, mak-
ing, trimming and fitting of stylish hats and
dresses: all are Invited to visit our school;
patterns cut to order 25c up; pupils work for
themselves; positions free. 113 Post st. ■ .
APPRENTICE and errand girl for dressmak-
ing; Monday morning. 1217 Sutter st.
WANTED— Apprentice I girl .to sew. 118 Mc-
Alllster st. '
WAITRESS— Howard #t., near Sixth.
WANTED — Good strong girl for chamberwork;
no waiting table. Call 326 Eddy st.
GIRL for general housework. • 1431 Webster it.
WOMEN and girls to . work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant its.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshirts: a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
j LEVI STRAUSS it CO., 36ft Fremont st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework at
1626 Vallejost. .
NEAT respectable German girl wanted for
general housework. Apply 3696 Seventeenth.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
'ewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
BLACKSMITH and woodworker, country shop,
$40 and found; 60 laborers, etc., for the mines,
$160 to $2 50 per day: 10 laborers, city work,
$175 day; ranch teamsters and 25 ranch
hands $20 and $26 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT w0rk ......... Government work
....'.......Wanted. 10 stonemasons for — .......
Government work, at — — ...........$4 20 day
See superintendent at our office, 10 a. m.
Monday. MURRAY - READY, 634 and 636
Clay st; ".•• __ - ■
WANTED— men to take a contract to dig a
well. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
JOHN DYER and wife, please report. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MEN and boys wanting work, read thi5........
. :..;.............. .Wanted, 250.....;.......
Men and strong boys, no experience required, \
to pick grapes for the best and largest vine-
: yard companies In California, ■■' at ' $24 per
month and found; greatly reduced fares;
! ■cheap railroad rate^. 1
...■........" ....We also want
' For a large orchard . company, 25 men and
strong boys to pick and pack all kinds of
fruits and* grapes etc., at $23 per month and
found: 75c fare.- MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st. .; ■- . ■ - .
RAILROAD WORK ...... RAILROAD WORK
- ...... ... . free faro  . . . '...; free , fare s . . .".*:. ....
.wanted to go to-day, 25 2-horse scraper team-
. sters. $25 and found and free fare. -,.■...-■
■A We also want for other raiiroad; work .
50 2 and 4-horse teamsters..
................ 25 plow/holders
....40' muckers 
■-.-. . : . . . . CO pickers ........" .........
MURRAY & READY,6 34 and 636 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED man to boss a raisin picking
gang for a large orchard and vineyard com-
pany; . also i for same ; place a man for the
drying yard, one who understands curing and
- dipping prunes and a sultana dipper. MUR-
RAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOKS wanted............;............................
chef cook, small neat ■ restaurant, ; $66 - and
found; 8 cooks, ; different country .. hotels, '■■ $50.
$40 and ; $33 and found; camp cook, ; $30 and
found ......:. ."..........;
bakers wanted .:...... ;..'..... ..........:v..Y.
for a nice country shop near city, a baker at
$40 - and found: s'< bakers, different . country
4 hotels. $40. $35 and $30 and f0und..........
: " waiters ■, wanted ; . .." ..1..:'...:.. .'..\.'.~..'. .'.. ."V". ... . .. .
6 : waiters. . different .' country hotels,', $25 and
found; also restaurant , and boarding 'house
- waiters s and " dishwashers -. for - different city
nnd country hotels; waiter for mine boarding
house, $25 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. , ; , , - - ' __^^
WANTED : for V a.'i small hotel, , short ,• distance
• from city— Young : man "as s night clerk, •. tend
1 bar, etc.. $25 and found; porter, country. hotel.'
north, $20 and found: ; barber I for a country
i ; shop. MURRAY.& READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
I WE want 1mmediate1y ;■..;..:.".... ..:".....;."......■.'..
''■ ■ for ' one i of >, the i largest ranches i in- the • State
' 10 teamsters j'.. ;:.."..... ;..... :....".525 and found
' 6 4-hor»e Fresno scraper teamsters for build-
' ing ditches and ; levees,; $25 ' and i found. \ steady
work on : this ■ ranch '.year around. MURRAY
. ; 6 READY. 634 and '. 636 Clay st. , ; , y ■;, .. . ft /
WANTED— German cook," $60; i broiler. $50: cook;
■ .-mail hotel, $?0: Japanese cook for family, $40;
' ! - waiter. v $35:; dishwasher. > $25; . young; man - who
i \'>. understands; bottling wine and dressing bot-
:"■:' ties,"' country ; • man , handy j with .X. K - tools, ■;■, wine
j ■ ■■': cellar. : country : etc. ANDRE'S, 816 Stockton.
I WANTED— A blacksmith : for 'a y ship, i* good
j wages/; at HERMAN'S, 26 St«uart;Bt. , -.
/
HELP WANTED-Cantlnued.
A^TO^AY Tunday^-^ -office, open
: from 10 to 12 o'clock — — ".„ .:"''''?
25 two-horse railroad teamsters, $26 a month
. and board j — — ~ - ™_ '"A
15 shovelers, $1 75 a day ~ r " ee ia^
6 railroad tunnelmen — — 7^7*i £.£ ■» "
. ■ C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Jobbing . blacksmith and shoer. $2
and board call at 10 o'clock to-day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. •
OFFICE opened from 10 to 12 to-day;^ drillers
' and muckers, $2 50 and $2 a day. R. T. WARD
& CO., 608-610 Clay st. :, ,
WANTED-Men to take up a few advertislnir
and ■ street schemes; never worked on the
• Coast; no medicines or soap; » ncloBe '-„„?!
3. with full instructions ; - nrst -in the field
'makes the money: no capital: Just the thing
for fairs. . J. C. WILSON, General Delivery.
San Francisco. " ' ' '
WANTED-A reliable girrfor upstairs work
must be. willing, quick and neat Apply, stat-
ing wages. •L. H. , P. O- box _^_ c !l_______
YOUNG man .to do of flee work; must under-
stand bookeeplng. FINK & SCHINDLEK,
1809 Market st. .
STRONG boy. one who has .h. h » d experience in
packing furniture preferred. Apply 21 Is ew
Montgomery at., Monday, between 9 and 12.
BOOKKEEPER with $l£o as partner in estab-
l ished business : ■ plain set of books , $s>o per
month; short hours. Address P. O. box 403.
San Rafael, Cal. ' - —
AN American milker; sixteen cows, four horses,
other chores; to industrious ( man $25 per
month; dairy near city. Ellis Bakery cor.
- Second and Stevenson st.. 10 a. m. Monday.
MEN wanted, salary, expenses; to travel, se-
cure services first-class salesmen sell goods
largest manufactory in world; first-class ref-
erences required. W. F. MAIN CO.. lowa
City, lowa. , - —
$9 TO 118 weekly; men, women, children mak-
ing less, immediately -end stamp tor con-
. tract work at home; no canvassing :. experi-
ence unnecessary; permanent. Excelsior Mfg.
Co.. 1164 Broadway, N. Y.
SOLICITOR who travels wanted to take .side
line requiring little time. Address Medical
Sentinel, Portland. Or. ; ;
WANTED— Tinner who can do plumbing: coun-
try Job. Apply GEORGE .H. TA\ CO.. 61
First st. - ■ ' ■ -■
GOOD tinsmith and . lampmaker wanted. 685
Mission st. ; .... ' • ■ ■ -
MAN to teach Spanish and other branches In
. High School; afeo an assistant In college for
chemistry and pharmacy. 420 Parrott bldg.
COATMAKER for country. . Apply REISS
BROTHERS. 24 Suttter st.
GERMAN, must be good milker, handy with
. tools, work on ranch. 239 Post St.. room 6.
WANTED— ; dishwasher. Apply I Jack-
son st. ■ . ■ " - ' •
THOROUGHLY competent dry goods man for
country store; a single man of good appear-
ance and recommendation desired. Apply box
151. Call office. _^ - ,
WANTED— Boy with some experience in manu-
facturing jewelry. Apply to C. H. YOUNG,
room 34, Thurlow block. Kearny st. |
EXPERIENCED advertising solicitor, this city;
one willing to take board and room as part i
pay. Address, stating experience «id refer-
ences, E. 8.. box 135. Call office.
WANTED— strong boy to learn the baker
trade. 2757 Twenty-fourth St., between York
and Hampshire. ' __
ELDERLY man to cook for 2 or 3 men, Jo.
60*. Haight st. . - .
WANTED— first-class haircutter ; who thor-
oughly understands hair curling. 24 Geary.
WANTED— man to help around restaur-
ant kitchen. 1416 Howard st.
PERMANENT salesman to consumers; city
and country; salary or commission. 1155 Mis-
sion st. • ____
FIRST-CLASS dry. goods salesman: must also
be a window dresser; for Honolulu;; refer-
ences. Address 11., box 7, Call office. Oaklnd.
WANTED— Photographer; a good retoucher and
finisher. Box 183, Call office.
WANTED— 2 first-class cutters. Apply SIEBE
SHOE CO., 23 Jessie st. ' -
WANTED— clothing salesman; must
be good stockkeeper. RAPHAEL'S. v
MEN and women to ! learn barber trade at San
. Francisco Barber College, 13Sft Eighth st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
80 years, who are citizens of , the United
States, or those who have . legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
nation apply at the recruiting office, 30
• Ellis m.. San Francisco. Cal. ;-, : . ■ —
WANTED— Laborer- and mechanic- to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 2r.c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; short-
est time: easy terms. 1542 Mf Met at.
MONEY on- diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at ■UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, •$2 50: men's
soling, 25c; only one price. 923 Howard st. •
T. J. HEINZ, 630 Market St.. official em-
ployment sec. of. Barbers* Protective Union.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free err.ploy-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jesslt 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't: Office. 8.
FUCHS.' Sec, 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
■ ; Francisco Barber College. 138 ft Eighth st.
SAILORS and ■ ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St.. near Jackson. ; ' , ;
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Roeedale House. 3.1 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Suttar at.
BINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard »U.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third ' St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room;
frof 'bus and bai:t. r to and from the firry.
~ AGENTS XV ANTED.'" ~
MANUFACTURERS of the only absolutely
non-gumable mucilage bottle In the world
wants general agents. in every county and
State: exclusive territory: big profits; sample
20c. Call or address NELS A. LYBECK &
CO.. 606 Fourth st., San Francisco. ; •
WANTED— Canvassing agents to work on sal-
ary. Apply room 2. 11- Taylor St.. Monday.
AGENTS. to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co.,
115.->'<, Washington ft.: Oakland. Cal.
' ; FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixture*!, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer, 480 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
Tin no 1 iff". ■ IT7 MwrkPt ft.: tel .Tpbslp 32.
' ■ - ROOMS WANTED. .
LARGE or 2 small rooms; unfurnlshediexcept
carpet or matting: north Market, central.
Address box 54. Call office. - ...
ROOMS AND BOARD/ WANTED.
YOUNG man wants room, with breakfast , and
dinner, in private family; ..references ,"ex-
changed; state terms. .Box 164. Call ____«.
YOUNG man : board In private family; Folsom
or bet, !>th & 11th: lowest terms. Box ISO. Call.
-. W ANTED— MISCjSLLANhiOUS: -" ; ~"
SCRAP pictures: ■ a miscellaneous collection to
paste In a scrap book: all -kinds wanted; no
r' war pictures; how i many have you? Also
theatrical ■? programmes: state . lowest price
v for the lot. Address box 142. Call office.
WANTED— SmaII safe; also large ■ safe, with
. steel chest, iW. ' A. D./ box 159. ' Call office.
HARP, double action, -cheap. Box ■ 167, Call
office. ■-.-- r ■ '.:-"■" '■ - : ' :"': "'- -:r: r '- ■ ■ ■ ; - " -
PHOTOGRAPHIC and stereoptlcon apparatus;
second-hand. 420 Grove st. .■.•-■•■■■■ .--'■ ■>■»-:■
WANTED- Skirts jto : make; prices, silk skirt,
French style, finish, i $1; woolen, 750 and 65c
327- Franklin St., corner Grove. .• . - r..-■■■'■r ..-■■■'■ 7 .'-;)-
PHOTOGRAPHIC and '-.' magic ; lantern appa-
'■->rwtui» Femnrl-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
V.. : -.' : .-" ::■■. HORSES. , v y: ':,'':'..'-;.-,^-: y .
t-A^^EB^nrnent of work, draught and~drfy^
: .: ing; horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st.^' -;
40 HORSES i for sale ; also wagons, : buggies,
carts, harness ; : ? Grand *; Arcade ; Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: 'auction ? pales > every , Wednes-
' day. SULLIVAN; & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ,; -;;.
CAMP wagons.", buggies, wagons, harness of all
; ; kinds: - 40 .horses: ; must sell. ■ Emporium Sales
' Ynrds. 220 Valencia * st. 'ii__^_J^______________
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR ■ sale— Business buggies and ■ carts; cheap.
.' 903 ' Golden ; Gate aye. y ;■>.-. ; -: "■ j- -i U.- r ■;:
FINE laundry, bakers' ! and milk wagons : cheap
for cash or Installments; s 1 fine top and open
•'/■ buggy ; , also 1 ■ hack. li B2B Harrison , st. ;,;;^ ■ --■-..
SPECIAL sale of ■ harness • and ; vehicles. '■ Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
::'->: :'->K '■■-'.:■ "*:. :.,; ; bicycles! ...-;;."_; y.-_
l IWILL > sell 16 1 new » 1897 high-grade ■■ bicycles
t :- (sold In 1897 . for •. $100) tat * $29; . biggest s bargain
of the year; first cor_e. first served. .' JOSEPH
HOI.LE, Twentieth ; and - Folsom ■ sts. - v ;
:: V.' " ' '"• ' ' : ; ■-'- ;;-" : :' ' ■■ '' ' . ■ ; ' . ■. ' .; .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
KNOW THY FATE I
TOUR DESTINT
FORBTOLDI
BY THE GREATEBT
CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Every person la especially adapted to some
particular business, profession or trade, which
may Justly be termed hia true vocation, and
yet more than half of you are fighting agalnat
an unknown fate for fame, fortune and posi-
tion, which you do not and cannot obtain un-
til you find your true vocation.
STRANGE SENSATIONS
EXPERIENCED WHILE PASSING INTO A
DEEP TRANCE.
As I have been asked so often in regard to
the sensation* experienced by me while passing
from a normal state into a deep trance, and
as an explanation to eaoh inquiring visitor, I
submit the following, and. thereby give the en-
tire publlo the benefit of this knowledges
In the first place It la n*oe«sary for the vis-
itor for whom I am sitting to maintain a strict
silence. „ A few passages of my - hand across
my forehead places me In a dazed condition,
such as one experiences when very drowsy and
finds it very difficult to keep awake, or while
gas or chloroform Is administered. At this stage
I become motionless for a moment, which la
called a
SEMI-TRANCE,
And while In this state I only get lmpr«*siona
such as you would experience ' while only doa-
lng, and have those restless, fitful dreams.
While* in a semi-trance I only see thing! in-
distinctly, and can tell nothing with any re-
liability— and I will mention here that most
mediums who style themselves clairvoyant* are
only capable of getting Into a semi-trance, and
have not the power to go Into a deep trance,
and as such a medium's readings and predic-
tions prove unsatisfactory the public loses faith
In all. But there Is as much difference In the
predictions of the deep or , perfect trance me-
dium and the semi-trance a* there Is In reading
an open. book In daylight and trying to guess
its contents in darkness. While I am passing
from the semi-trance to the
DEEP TRANCE
A cold chill passes over me; a dull pain seems
to go through my temples; a feeling as if suf-
focating, and the object* which were dimly
seen while In the seml-tranoe disappear, and
I am then sensible to nothing save the most
profound darkness an! a dull, faint, ringing
sound. This state lasts only a few seconds,
then gradually I feel the most delicious sensa-
tion ever experienced by mortal. Faint flashes
of light then begin, and continue to' increase
in number, magnitude and brilliancy until a
most beautiful halo of all colors seems to cover
the entire face of the earth. Gradually ; this
halo gives place to pure daylight. My control
takes full possession of me and unfolds every
event in the past, present and future life of
the person for whom I am sitting. Sometimes
I can remember what I have seen in a trance,'
but very seldom. The difference In the • semi-
trance and the deep-trance medium is ' very
great. There are more than 1000 of these semi-
trance mediums In the United States, nearly
all of whom are only capable of j going . into a
semi-trance. Bine* arriving here I have learned
that, there has been a number, of . people who
call themselves trance clairvoyants and ■ me-
diums, but all of whom . are . known : to . me -to
be only semi-trance , mediums ' and could . not
foretell an event with any degree of accurate-
ness If their lives depended upon it. , The semi-
trance Is very easy ,to get , Into and can* be
taught In a very short time, but the deep
trance is only attained after much pain and an
almost superhuman exertion of will power,: and
can only be reached by those who are born
with a veil and cannot be taught. There are
only three other deep-trance mediums now liv-
ing besides myself, all of whom are in Europe.
* - <c
THIS WONDERFUL CLAIRVOYANT
Has been located In this city for several years
and Is . not ' compelled to seek other locations.
I
SHE HAS STOOD THE TEST AND IS HERE
TO BTAT.
Call and test the doctor to your heart's con-
tent, and you will depart thoroughly satisfied
that there is at least one reliable medium and
clairvoyant now in ' your" midst. Nothing In
life is too obscure for Mrs. Dr. Clark to reveal.
If you have lost faith and given up to de-
spair because of former failure, take courage
now and call on MRS. DR. CLARK without
delay. Conviction will be sure and happiness
and success will follow. ■ > '
Office hours 10 to 6 dally.
Send stamp for circular with special term*.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. '
1206 Market st.,, opposite Sixth.
 * Rooms 28 and 26. V Take Elevator.
Cut This Appears Sunday .- Only.
i — —
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continned-
ATTENTIONtU
Know Thy Fate.
YOUR DESTINY FORETOLD
By
The World's Greatest
CLAIRVOYANT
And Exponent of
The Occult Sciences.
PROF. H. ROMAINE,
The Oriental Seer,
LATE OF INDIA.
All His Patrons Are Delighted
And Pronounce His Work-
UNAPPROACHABLE.
The fact that Prof. Romalne has been promi-
nently before the public for fourteen consecu-
tive years, and stands to-day without a stain
or blemish upon his reputation. Is the best evi-
dence that could be offered in proof of pure mo-
tives and honest methods In business dealings.
•THEY THAT BTAND HIGH
HAVTB MANY BLASTS TO SHAKE THEM."
Prof. Romalne has stood the storm of Inves-
tigation, inspired and prosecuted to the end by
the leading scientists of the present age; has
calmly and patiently borne the treacherou*
blasts of envy and Jealousy, and is firmly and
irresistibly Intrenched in th» hearts of his fel-
low-cltlzens. This honor, this knowledge, he
prizes more than gold.
THE GREATEST TRUTHS ARE THE
SIMPLEST; SO ARE THE GREATEST MEN.
Those who call upon this noted clairvoyant
are received always without ostentation and
with no attempt to mystify. No dark rooms,
no burning candles, no useless incense. Such
humbuggery and charlatanism he despises, and
is most emphatic and severe In his denunciation
of those who seek to Impose upon the puMlc by
such means.
It is a matter of history from the remotest
ages to the present time that the higher sources
of knowledge and rplrltua! guidance have shaped
the destinies of the greatest individuals and
nations. There are few who possess occult
power sufficiently to enable them to give a tot-
rect forecast of the futurr. To Prof. Romalne
nature has been most kind, bequeathing to h:m
that rare gift which enables him to read the
lives of men as clearly as an open scroll, point-
ing out the many faults and difficulties which
have kept them from success, which. In many
cases, can be remedied through their own ef-
forts.
Fully recognizing the power conferred upon |
him, his aim has been to reflne. develop and
uplift it to that degree of scientific accuracy j
that its benefits may devolve to the advance-
ment of humanity.
His claims to recognition are based upon over-
whelming evidence. He does not make them in
the spirit of a braggart, but In all due modesty
is fully confident of his ability to verify the
truth of his assertions.
So extraordinary are his marvelous tests of
the wonders and powers of clalrvoyancy that
they must be witnessed to be believed.
He tells the full name of every caller.
Tells pames of your friends.
Tells you what you called for.
Tells all about your business affair*.
All about your love affairs.
Causes speedy marriages.
Reunites the separated In seven day*.
Locates buried treasure in 5 day*.
Locates mines and valuable ores.
Recovers old estates and valuable papers.
Removes evil Influences, bad habits, etc.
Gives good luck in all your undertakings.
Guarantees Success.
In any at the Above Work
Or Money Refunded.
Being a Master, He Never Fails.
His parlors are always filled with anxious
people talking reliable information, and every
reply is most gratifying: all are pleased. His
knowledge of human nature comes to him In-
tuitively and from world-wide experiences. This
far-seeing and clear-sighted man is the only
American authority on Oriental mysticism, and
possesses occult force beyond the power of lan-
guage to express.
He understands the methods of generating and
increasing the magnetic or psychological powers
within the human body, as practiced by the
Mahatmas of India. This power Is the one great
element In nature upon which every one's suc-
cess depends. The principle of life— the foun-
tain-head of all existence — all possess It to a
certain degree; and It is interesting to note
that the most successful people are those who
possess the greatest amount of this force. One
of its many principles consists in mind attract-
ing mind by its own volition, aided by the mag-
netism of the systPm. Any one possessing this
psychological power can cause others to receive
any impressions of esteem, love. awe. confi-
dence or respect. They can do more in busi-
ness transactions, sales, deals, speculations,
gaining friends and obtaining favors than the
combine* efforts of a dozen persons who use
only argument and obliging manners.
Professor Romaine's readings are always cor-
rect and satisfactory- So sure Is he of his
power to accomplish all that he undertakes that
he oftentimes awaits results before asking com-
pensation for his services. He holds flattering
testimonials from prominent residents of this
cltv and Indorsements from eminent people and
the press from all parts of the world, which are
proof positive of his ability and sincerity of
If you are unsuccessful, or wish to better
your condition in life, he can help you.
All business sacredly confidential.
Satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Letters Inclosing stamp answered.
Hours— lo a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays. 10 to 3.
OFFICES:
1206-MARKET-120*
(Suite 104, First Floor.)
(Cut this notice out and save it for future
reference; it appears to-day only.)
ATTENTION 25c 25c
A Wonderful Gift, Possessed Alone
By DOCTOR FLORENCE DU VALL,
World-acknowledged authority on palmistry,
occult science and spirit power, who is in this
city direct from her permanent headquar-
ters'ln LONDON. ENGLAND.
To Show Her Phenomenal Power
Will reduce her lowest fee to
25c FOR ONE WEEK.
Regular fee positively $2 and $3 afterward.
Private parlors, 332 Stockton st. Hours, 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. Open Sundays.
N. B.— Lucky days astral colors and gems
with print of hand given.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la.
60c; gents sl; palm, and clair. sit. 11 60. 126 Turk.
MME. EMMET, clairvoyant, card reader,
scientific palmist; 26c and 50c. 148 Sixth st..
parlor 31.
MRS. ANGUS, clairvoyant, card reading and
palmistry; trutii or no pay: 25c. 321H Seventh.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader. 921>4 Mission st. ; German spoken.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future; 25c. 148 ~iith St.. room 10.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDT— Your fortune told by
chlrography. *1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c; ladles only. 23 Ash aye.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
bnnd'w picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium
and life reader; also medical clairvoyant;
treats with revealed remedies; removes can-
cer without pain; treats all diseases: private
sittings $1; by letter $2. Office, 232 Stockton.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Hatght st.
O. A. KRAUS. medium: astrology and palmis-
try; sittings daily. 334 Eddy st.
MRB. ELLIS, medium. 238 Valencia st. ; read-
lngs. tl; clr. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m.; Mon. 8; 25c.
MRS. BHAFFBR, test and business medium;
| sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
■ R.i iiHvnYiNTS- Continued, j^_
OMAR! THE^C^ULT^O^EK. °*A RI
THE OCCULT WONDER.
OF THE RECOGNIZED LEADER «*
OF CLAIRVOYANCE AND OCCULT WCI-
ENCB.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
EDDY 5T.— 325.
OMAR'S MARVELOUS TESTS.
Gives Full Name of Every Ca lle jv
Names of Your Sweetheart or HusbanC
$500-CHALLENGE FOR AN EQUAL-» 500.
Since my arrival In San Francisco many
P«tenders have tried to Imitate me in
many ways. Some are even brazen enough to
mislead the. public by copying my advertise-
ments* and not being able to satisfy their pa-
trons, reflect contumely on those who are abU
and honest.
Remember
Professor Omar advertise* nothing but what
he can. do. He will not accept a fee In ad-
vance-he will convince you he is the superior
of any medium. in San Francisco or make no
charge. ; '
Do you wish to know facts you should know?
If you will succeed In your undertakings?
If you will win your lawsuit?
• If your domestic troubles: will soon, end?
If you would obtain • your ambition?
% If you are loved? .
If you will succeed lin your love affair* T
- If sick, will you be cured?
If past troubles will torment you? .
If you are lucky In speculations?
Do you wish information you ought to hay«
concerning your future?
Has the demon rum assailed the happy quietud* 7,
■ -• . , •of your home? ...
Does another share the love and attention that
should belong to you?
If so, come and learn a sure and swift rem-
edy that will dispel the dark clouds and lift
the load from your aching heart.
There Is no home so dreary and sad. no lire
so wrecked or blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, no condition or circumstances so com-
plicated or I Incomprehensible that ! cannot be-
set right and kept right after a visit to this
inspired medium o£ modern time*.
MOmar Never Falls
To Unite the Separated
— and—
Causes Speedy end Happy Marriage*.
GUARANTEES SUCCESS IN ALL CASES.
Private .Residence. .
Separate Parlors lor Ladies and Gentlemen.
All Business Sacredly Confidential.
■ Correspondence Solicited. Inclose Stamp for
EpeciaJ Terms.
Omar Prepare* aa<! Work* .
The Famous Occult Magnet •
A* Prepared by the Adepts of India,
• Guarantees to make you successful in love,
business, marriage, divorce, law suits, eto.
Cure* drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences.
A SECRET YOU SHOULD KNOW.
THE POWER TO CONTROL
Your Friends, Enemies, Husband, Wife,
j Sweetheart or Anyone. ' '
j , THE SECRET ■
Instructions Given _-__
How to develop your PERSONAL MAGNET-
ISM It gives you a double power, It ena-
bles you to exert a strong influence over other
men and women while It gives one the power
of resistance against their influence. It Is the
. SECRET OF SUCCESS -^ — —
It gives you the power to control or influ-
ence others to benefit you in social, business
or domestic life. - •
Instructions Given by Mall- z^C m
Professor M. Permanently' Located
In his own HOME. 325 Eddy st. »
Perfect Satisfaction Guaranteed or no Fee
Accepted.
825— EDDY 5T.— 325.
' CUT THIS OUT — •
IT WILL NOT APPEAR DAILY. -
' ~~~ ' HYPNOTISM -_
S F College Therapeutics; open afternoon and
'evening for patients and pupils. 305 Larkln.
~~ EDUCATIONAL.
VOCAL Instruction — ANNIS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and : natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples;- terms beginning August. 15 and after;
• lessons by • the month « or quarter. c> For term,
apply personally or by letter to 980 Bush St..
near Jones. >.-■ . - - ' '■■
i HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, \ business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical civil and mining engineering;- sur-
vevlng assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
" branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.; life scholarship. 150; low
rates . per week and . month. ... ■. . ;. ....... ■ . .. - *
A LADY ' teaches ; piano and mandolin thor-
oughly: 50c an hour; excellent pianist ai.d ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavla st. ; ■ ' ' -'-
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 7407 S. Atherton. / j
nr. Channlng- way, Berkeley; write for circular. I
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
SPANISH lessons given; also English branches
taught; special attention to backward pupils;
low terms. 910 Clay st., Oakland. . : '
ENGLISH branches ■ taught at pupils' homes:
also - bookkeeping; beginners and foreigners
helped. . Box 25. Call. ' . ' \
I GUARANTEE to teach any one to play the
piano In 6 months; terms $2 60 per month. Box
227. Call office. . . ... .
LESSONS given in French. 60c a month; Mon-
_ day evenings; also private lessons.' 909 Post.
SPANISH school: dally lessons, .IS a month, 4
to 9 p. m. Room 10, Y. M. C. A. building.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler, 526 Turk
st., between Larkln and Polk. -: ■
WANTED— Teacher in French; native. Address,
stating rates.' box 165, Call office.
ELOCUTION, and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg, • 123 . Ellis.
ENGLISH : literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
ROBERT ' TOLMIE. pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutter st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
LEO COOPER'S ■ school .of acting, elocution,
pantomime stage technique. 814 Geary st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads anu subscriptions taken. ■:
S^ LOST.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the _,
name of JOHANNA EG AN, No. 171,331; :■ The.
;, finder will please return to bank. "V*
LOST— 14, pair . cuff link*, at Silver
. Springs, near reservoir. Suitable ; reward ; . it
returned to 1313 Larkln st. . .
FRIDAY, in vicinity <of Powell and Ellis-
Short fob chain with locket. Finder kindly
return to 320 Ellis; reward. ':
LOST— On Post, Sutter or Kearny st., a gold
, and white enameled lorgnette. Reward at
office of Occidental Hotel.
BLACK • collar, on Pierce St., bet. California
; and Sutter. v 1932 Pierce st. . . . , "
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan - Society of San . Francisco, in the
name of ANNA ; MURRY; No. 224-1453 Th«
. finder will please return to biynk. ; ■ : ■ % ..' .'
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
- and . Loan Society of San k Francisco, in ■ the
-, name of MARY WALSH; > No. 182-613.> •■- The
':; finder will please return to bank. : \
LOST— A pass-book with ■ the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
name of PATRICK LEE or BRIDGET LEE
No. 111,351. The finder will , please return .to
,« bank. -•:,-..■■;:.:-'. -:;-'••': :•.:■:"..- ' [ '■'.-;•■■'■ ;
CHEAPEST and best In America— The
Call. ■£-„ Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, . postage
paid. '-';~-v-..-'.,' ■.-.'-■ ;..■.-. ■—. . ;. ■ . • ,
.■;..'.;■".; . CARPET CLEANING.
CITY t Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans
; . moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr "
88 and 40 Eighth; St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become ! disgusted with poor ' work
. send -; to . SPAULDINGS . Pioneer Caroet-
beatlng Works. 353-57 Te ham a St.; ' tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st_ •
:■ tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor. '
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. ? Carpet-cleaning . Co.' ' : , 451
■-.Etevenson st.; tel. South 228: lowest rate*. -
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relatd at Se. ■
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. ; \ tel. Jessie 941 v.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning , C 0. .• 240 14th
•„. St. ;•; cleaning •3c • yard; tel . Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating: i Works. 823 Golden
:.iv Gate ; aye.: tel. : East IM. -r.- .-•--. rV':- .-v-f---.--.-j ,
A WEEK' B f news > for '6 ; cents '. — The » Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing. •• T - ....CITY REAIi ESTATE.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery st. j
: . A NICE KESIDENCE ON WEBSTER ST.
$5650 — Elite neighborhood; 2-story and base-
m<-nt, bey-wlndow residence of • rooms af.d
bath; brick foundation, etc.; 20x106:3; price biffs
". been greaily reduced.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOTS.
. , $s(>i.O— soxlo6:3; as a whole or in si/bdlvislons
to suit.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER— BARGAIN.
$3750— Store and llat; substantial 2-story build- ]
Ing; corner, 57x50, on 2 prominent streets; half
tt lot vacant; this is a snap.
NEW BROADWAY FLATS.
$3400— Rents $3&4 per annum; 2 nice new and
riodern flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath aach;
rick foundation, etc.
MISSION WARM BELT.
. . $3000— No reasonable offer ref»?ed; 3 flats; ;
rents ?2S 50; stable for S horses; 25x115; only
■ bdlf a block from Market and Sanchez sts.; will !
feius* no reasonable offer; about to lea\fe lor
Suroye.
. MUST BE SOLD.
U7oo— To close an estate; Pacific St.; 2-story |
Bouse of 9 rooms and rear house; front house j
could be converted Into 3 flats at a very small
outlay and be made one of the best-paying in-
vestments in the city.
TWO VERY CHEAP FLATS.
$26tO— Rents $2<54 per annum; 5 rooms and bath
• each; Mission warm belt; ZoxSO; street accepted, j
• A VERY CHEAP LOT.
$2350 — Fulton St.; 25x1X7:6; street accepted;
■stone sidewalks; gas, side uenvr and water
pipes laid; this is a very cheap lot.
. A CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$1900— Bay-wtndow residence of 7 rooms and ■
-bath, etc.; in good condition; nice location; 26x
100; rente $204 per annum.
NORTH BEACH.
$1700— 2-etory hcuse of 8 rooms and bath and |
Ft reroom; brick foundation; 30x137:6; marine
views.
CHEAP MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
$1150— Within 200 feet of Misslon-st. electric
cars; nicely situated for store and flats; 33x119.
CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$900—28x136; handy to several lines of cars.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
. Records." which contains a list of properties
lii all parts of the city for sale.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery- s*.
" McAFFEE BROS. M.-AFFEE BROS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
BUSH ST., NEAR POWELL.
:'. . RIGHT DOWN TOWN.
A house of 16 rooms, could be turned into fine
boarding-house at small expense; commands
good view of the city: lot 27:6x137:6; it's asplen-
did buy; price $10,000.
$5000 LESS THAN COST.
■Almost new, elegant residence on Pacific !
.' avenue, ncr Van Ness; large lot, 37:6x125 feet; j
price reduced to $25,000.
: FINE WEBSTER-STREET CORNER.
27:6x90 feet: good business location; old im- i
provements rent for $80 monthly; price $7000; i
owner anxious to sell.
$6000— Residence on Webster, near Califor- j
nla; 7 rooms and bath; pleasant, comfortable t
home; offer wanted.
EDDY AND BUCHANAN STREETS.
Finely improved corner; rented for $120 j
ID r.thly; lot 27:6x57:6; price $15,000.
MUST BE SOLD.
Flats on Leavenworth st., 4 and 5 rooms;
rent for $3S monthly: price reduced to $4000.
FINE FLATS NEAR MARKET STREET.
Steady tenants; rents $30 monthly; lot 25x
137:6: price only $3000.
• .McAFFEE BROS. McAFFEE BROS.
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
Al. Horiger. Louis A. Souc. i
■ L. a. BOUC & CO..
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected.
465 and 467 Valencia st.. Near Sixteenth.
If you are looking for property in any part
of the Mission don't fail to call on us. Save
time and money.
$65f'O— "OxR.".; comer on Sixteenth St.: a pick j
• xome one; store and 3 rooms; upper flat. ,
rns. bath: house of 4 rooms and staole.
'-. . i <*i.»!T«v>- St., -near Eighteenth;
modern house of 9 rooms, bath; all in perfect
order; street bituminized; house cost $5000 to
. build.
' $26i\t— 25x1 1" 1 " : Lapidge St.; a bargain; cottage j
of 5 rooms, bath, stable and driveway.
Albfoh aye.. near Valencia and j
Sixteenth stß.'; modern flats of 5, 5 and 6 rooms, !
• bath: always rented; a good investment.
; Pond St., near Sixteenth and
Market; oozy cottage of 5 rooms, bath.
25x80; San Carlos aye., near Eighteenth
■ it tage of L rooms, bath; cheap.
A Fetr Vacant Lots Worth Looking At.
$;w— 30x85: Doloree st., near Eighteenth;
cheapest lot In Mission.
{42" f . — 50x100; Sixteenth st., near Market.
i:-)>v— 2sxloo; Fifteenth st.. near Market.
L. A. SOUC & CO..
465-467 Valencia st., near Sixteenth.
4-ROOM and bath cottage, just finished. In-
cluding lot; street sewered and graded; only ]
$15 monthly; close to car line.
Richmond lots— 2 fine level building lots, 26x
120 each; $10 monthly; cheap; will build to
suit.
flOO— Lots In Sunset District, Golden Gate
Park, on $5 monthly payments.
15 fine level lots; only 3 blocks from San
ktateo electric carp; Just the thing for a
chicken ranch: on easy monthly payments.
• JACOB HEYMAX, 11 Montgomery St.
TWO HOUgBS FOR TOUR KENT MONEY.
We. have just finished 2 new houses in the
Heyman Tract that we are willing to sell to
two families for rent money; any one who
would rather pay for a home with his rent
money, instead of enriching a landlord and
getting rrothing for it, shpuld see these two
handsome homes; they are on graded and
■ewered streets, with gas and water connec-
tions, and are easy to the street earn. To
•se these new homes In the Heyman Tract
fey Mission-st. cars, transfer to Twenty-sec-
«Bd «t. to Huffman aye., where Mr. James
Cotter, resident agent, will show you the
. rty. <"all on JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.. for particulars^
A COTTAGE HOME
Among trees and vines
In the heart
Of San Francisco
Only $1675— Only $1675
c-.ttape of 6 rooms In good condition; cars
the door and street is bituminized: Just
the place for a family of small children, the
■ lot being large, funny and sheltered: a bar-
eain H. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
JSSOO— FOR SALE; new well-built modern
» dwelling*; contain finished tasement, parlor.
'sitting room, dining ■ room, kitchen, -3. bed
• • ' rooms on second floor; 2 in attic: fine plumb-
' ing- 3 elegant mantels, ' etc.: lot 25x137 feet:
478 and IS2 Frederick St.. near Stanyan; owner
on 'premises.. / ______^ .'
ACTUAL cost of contraction; loveliest
■two-story residence of 8 rooms In the city;
every modem appliance: owner on premises
to-day. 449 Frederick St., between Shrader
and Sta-nyan. ."
COTTAGE. 5 rooms; graded lot 25x100; St.
» Mary avenue near Thirty-fourth st.; Mission
care; $1500; no interest if part cash; keys
grocery. Owner, 413 Kearny st. ■ ■■'
. 11600— MUST sell; lot 25x115; Haight St., near
Baker. J. W. WRIGHT & CO.. 630 Market.
' MUST be sold; handsome cottage, 4 rooms,
bath; "hlfth basement; large lot. Apply 324
North aye., near Cortland. . ' ."■■■.
SAN JOSE aye., near Twenty-fourth st.—
' • Grand lot, 65x110; elegant location; street In
rear; Mission warm belt: $4250.
• ' VALENCIA. 814— 25x100 and improve-
- ments; $5500. __^_____
CORNER lot on Filth St.; first class building;
pays '■< per cent groan; price $19,000. - ■;..
■ • r 0 WILL ' build - 4-room cottage complete.
• OEO. M. SALSBURY, builder. 521 X St., Bun-
Mt District. v , ■ -... : .,-.-. ■-./■>*,.<:
•KA MONTH; bay-window, fi-room and bath
. cottage; lot 30-feet front; sunny Mission;
'street and sewer work complete. Box 55, Call.
' WILL build cottage or flat in any part 'of the
' city and sell on easy terms; nee plans. -J.
- FLAHERTY, builder. 1207 Market St.. nr.:Bth.
• : GETZ A BROTHER .
. ROOM A, First . loor, r
- ♦■•.. _ . Crocker ' Building.
; HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT -JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! . , PROFITS LATER!
'• ' $100 . $150 ' to $250: level building lots near
/M^^n^treetelec^ca^^onl^^mcnthly.
-.SUNSET HEIGHTS -JTS!|^ .
$400. $450 to $SSO; officially graded; superb
• view $20 dawn. $10 monthly. brother ,
' * SOL GETZ jfc BROTHER.
:»400,: »400, $450 to $750; choicest Richmond ■building
' lots: street graded ' and sewered , $25 down.
•■ «0 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER. ;
• Call for Mups and Diagrams. _,___;__-_ ;
, SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
' Room A. Crocker building. >
A BARGAIN; cozy.' horn© in the », University
" town of Palo Alto; 7 rooms and bath; barn; \
lot 84x100. J. J. MORRIS, 630 Market St.. or •
-Palo AUih-;.^»^g^@i^a^£ ■ 1
■ a \ , . .i: -■■;"„■ , -"" '•* --"■■.'■-■. y---.' . *- . . -■).-'■■.-.''■ . 'i ,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
Must sell to close an estate — An elegant in-
side property on Pine St., bet. Larkin and
Polk; 235*37:6; two buildings; only $5600 asked.
$7500— McAllister st., near Flllmore; two large
flats; paying good Income; lot 25x100.
$8000— Washington st., near Webster; 9 rooms
and bath; lot 28x128.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
rents very low; $55; only $7260; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-first St., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
Cory new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick st.; 6 rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $3000; terms to suit.
$2900— Twenty-fifth St.. near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first at., near
Castro; 6 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$1400— Cottage and lot; Duncan st., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$4000— Webster st.. near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga St., near
Twenty-third; 32:0x117:6.
$2500— Utah St., near Sixteenth; 6 rooms and
lot 26x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavla sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2260; California and Locust
sta.; 37:6x107:7. M/vu>
60 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $8000;
137:6x137:6.
$2300— Haight St., near Devisadero; an ele-
gant building lot. 25x110.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 62x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Cole St.. near Waller; 25x125.
$4000— Rltch St.. near Third and Folsom; two
lots: 50xS0; cheap.
$3600— Page, near Devisadero; 25x137:6.
$1750— Union St., near Webster: 25x100.
$1500— Turk St., corner Central aye.; 27:6X110.
$1250— Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye.. near J St.; 25x120.
$1800— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye.: 25x110.
$1000— Jersey st., n?ar Noe: 25x114.
California, near Second aye.; 25x100; $80£
*Soo— Valparaiso, near Filbert & Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market St.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine st., oppo- I
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re- •
durtion:
$3750— Reduced from $6000; Folaom St.. near ]
Eleventh; $3000 mortgage on it can remain; I
on!v $750 cash wanted.
$36>o— Reduced from $6290; a substantially
built 2-story arid basement brick house; store ;
and flats; on Brannan St., west of Third; |
rent $35.
$390ri_ Formerly held at $6000: Minna street, j
near Ninth; 30x80; with improvements.
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTT.
$13,000— Rent $94; 4 splendid fiats on Fell »t.,
near Masonic aye.: lot 37:6x137:6.
$7000— Ajshbury »t., near Fell; lot J6xlO8; fine
residence.
$8«00 — 4 flats on Page St., near Broderick; lot
37:6x75.
$4250— Splendid cottage; Oak st., near Lyon;
lot KzUO.
$12,000. formerly $15.000— Height st., east cf
Fillmore, three fine bay-window 2-story houses,
and lot 55x137:6 feet: very cheap.
$25,000, formerly $38,000— A very prominent
corner yielding now 8 per cent, and will surely
go up to $50,000.
$17,000— An undivided half of lot 125x105 feet,
covered with buildings yielding good rent, on
Mission street, near Sixteenth.
$8000. formerly $9000— Rent $70; four fine flats;
Western Addition: lot 49xS0.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$65,000— Splendid property on Market St., only
l l^ blocks from the Baldwin.
$42, ;>00— Taylor st., near Market; large lot;
well Improved: stores and flats.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
$16,000— Rent $160; a two-corner house of 42
rooms and 6 baths.
$575(i— Rent $60; four flats on Geary St.; lot
28x125.
$sSoO— Rent $47; store and two flats; Geary st.
$2400— Rent $25: a double flat; 5 rooms below
and 6 rooms upstairs.
$30.000— Rent $260; stores ai.d flats; never
vacant. i
O. F. YON RHEIN 4 CO.
513 California street.
IMPROVED.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington;
brick improvements: rents $190.
$12 GOO— Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6. with house. -
$11,000 — Cor. Dupont and Hinckley; 20x67:6:
store and lodging-house; rents $85.
16500— Ellis, nr. Buchanan; 25:?x60; flats; renu
$5S 50.
$r.:>oo-^Callfornta, near Baker; 25x77:7V4: 2
flats: rents $42 50.
$5000— Page, nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, I
roomt and bath.
$4500— Green, near Powell; 24:3x69:9; flats;
$4500— Filbert, *nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $46.
J42i'iO— Shotwell. nr. 24th: 25x122:6: 2 flats.
$4000 — 44th aye., nr. Point Lobos; 60x120.
$25>>j— 3d aye.. nr. Clement st. ; 25x120: cottage.
$2000— 28 th, nr. Sanchei; 25 3x114; cottage.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
UNIMPROVED.
$2500— Steiner. nr. Oak; 25x100.
$1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th: 25x125.
Scott, nr. Washington: 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:Cx110.
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 3 lota.
25x86- 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100: Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lota,
$1100— Lombard and Pierce; 22.11x90.
5 ROOMS, bath; new: nes- cars: $200 cash, $15
mo., buys. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
C. C. BEMIS. __
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$5000— Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet.
$5700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
&0-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
«Co— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
St.; 10»x95 feet. __
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper. ?i>r mailing.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 Montgomery Bt.
$1750—10 acres near Santa Rosa: 7 acres In or-
chard and vines, balance vegetable and grain
land; all level loam; cottage of 5 rooms; well,
barn ami chicken houses; a bargain.
$2000—10 acres In full-bearing orchard at Los
Gatos; good neighborhood; no buildings; part
cash.
For rent or exchange — 40 acres near Selma,
Fresno Co.; good alfalfa, grain or orchard
land: Irrigating ditch.
For exchange— Elegant residence with large
grounds in fashlonahle part of San Rafael;
will exchange for unimproved city property.
Exchange for city improved or unimproved
property — Fine house in East Berkeley; lot
KxMO.
For rent— An elegant suburban residence at
Piedmont: partially furnished: billiard room:
lawn tennis grounds; 24 acres highly Improved
ground.
If you want country property call and see us.
SAN JOSE cottage, 5 rooms, bath; hot and cold
water; patent closet: high basement, barn,
chicken house: lot 45x137:6; reduced from $2500
to $1900. Apply 2731 Howard st.
LANDS, no mortgage; trade or sell 20 to 20,000
acres; Teharna, Shasta and Alameda Cos. L.
L.M.SALBBURY. Land Broker, 902 Bdwy. Ok.
MARIN County dairy ranches; sell or leaae; \
building lots :m 1 land by the acre In Ross '
Valley. J. TUXKTF.AD, San Rafael, Cal.
•TTOCK LANDS FOR SALE.
7200 acres. Fort Seward ranch, with or with-
out 100 head of stock cuttle.
2400 acres; Woodman ranch.
6000 acres; Alder Point ranch.
All located on Eel River, Humboldt County;
banner stock county and lands of California;
never failing water and wood; no droughts.
These ranches will be sold on terms to suit
purchasers. For full particulars write H. T.
FAIRBANKS, Petaluma. Cal.
$150 FOR 10 acreF: payable $10 a month, with-
out interest or taxes; fine valley land, under
irrigation canal; railroad runs through the
tract; fine fruit and farming land: only 18
tracts left; call Immediately and secure one
before it is too late. WESTERN LAND CO..
640 Market Ft.
FOR Sale — One of the best farms, 182 acres,
near Pleasanton, pood 6-room house; big barn
and other outhuiUllngß: family orchard;
plenty of spring water piped) to the house
and yards; plenty wood and good crops this
year; best of climate; at a big sacrifice, as
owner cannot attend to it. Address P. W.,
Eureka Hotel, Oakland.
12250— IMPROVED ranch near the city; bar-
gal^^McL_ArGHLlN&CO_ : 777MarketKV
STORES TO LET.
FINE large new store; good location for gro-
cery and bar; rent cheap. SW. corner O'Far-
rell and Buchanan.
FIFTH, 415 — Large store; 3 rooms; large yard;
water' free.
GOOD corner store, bar afld S rooms: brick
basement; cheap. Northeaat corner of Fif-
teenth and Dolores sts.
FRUIT~and produce stand for rent. ISJ9 Park
St., Alame<la.
TYPEWRITERS.
sold and rented: few partly
used for BRle tf>eaPJ send for sample* and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
KEW~Hammond. *85: Cal'rraph. $15; Toot, $15;
get sample writ- 6COXT, 833 Montgomery. I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN &. HOWELL, „_„
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$3000— Brand-new 1%-story residence on
Twenty-first st., close to Bryant; contains /
rooms, bath, etc.; street bituminized and ao-
cepted; keys at this office; open Sundays for
Inspection bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
$12,000— Very handsome brand new building
just completed; rent $100; large corner lot; this
building contains 3 corner flats of « rooms ana
bath, etc., each: very sunny and very attrac-
tive.
$22.000— Geary st., near Jones; rent $175; good
3-story building under secured lease; over i
years to run; extra large lot.
$3500— Twentieth st.. near Castro; 2-story resl- f
dence of 7 rooms and bath; also small house in
rear; mortgage of $1700 can remain: lot 23x110.
$2000— Small amount of cash required; very
attractive bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, etc., on Jersey st., near Castro.
$28.000— Rent $330; an offer wanted; good
Chinatown Investment on Washington st. ; ex-
tra large lot, over 70 feet by over 100 feet in
depth.
$6600— Rent $60; handsome new flats of 8 and
7 rooms, bath, etc., on Page at., near Laguna;
K>od renting property, close to town.
$7500. worth $12.000— O'Farrell st., near La-
guna: modern 2-story basement and attic resi-
dence, containing 12 rooms and latest improve-
ments; rent $65; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$4Soo— Offer wanted; rent $47; Pine st., near
Franklin; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; also cottage on rear street; lot has 2
frontages.
GOOD BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$7700— Splendid building on a prominent street
in the Western Addition: plate glass show win-
dows: the floor of the store is laid In tiles; the
building was erected for a baker, who is doing
an excellent business.
$21,000— Golden Gate aye.; corner of promi-
nent street; large lot. 40x90; Improvements con-
sist of flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50.
$3000— Tehama St., near Eighth; 2-story frame
building, containing 8 rooms; also a 2-story
house of 8 rooms in rear; rent $35; lot 26x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR EXCHANGE.
$6000 — Modern home In Alameda: 9 rooms,
with lot 90x140 feet; will take lots or land for
half the value, balance on monthly payments.
$5000 — Modern home of 9 rooms In East Oak-
land: bank mortgage of $2000; trade for $3000
country property.
See our list of clear property In to-day's Kx-
aminer. HUGH M. CAMERON. Real Estate
Dealer, 479 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
$1500—3 acres in fruit; hou«e; Cloverdale;
clear: exchange for cottage in Oakland and
pay $250 cash difference.
50 acres 2 miles from Sonoma City: house;
barn: good roads; fruit; clear; exchange for
house and lot in Oakland or Berkeley.
160 acres in Sonoma County; 6-room house;
outbuildings; forced sale: $1500.
Good ranch for rent; 320 acres.
E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway. Oakland.
A— s3ooo— l6o ACRES level land near Placer-
ville, highly improved: 4 acres orchard; 2
good houses, bnrns and outhouses; paying
mine on place; exchange for city or Oakland
property. KREDO & CO., 22^i Geary st.
WANTED— SmaII grain or fruit ranch for Oak-
land or Alameda property; a!so chicken
ranch; cash. WHITE, 814 Broadway, Oak-
land.
NEW modern large S-room house in East Oak-
land Heights; streets macadamized: No. 1
neighborhood. For desirable building lots in
Berkeley City or Oakland, address box 641,
Station B. Oakland.
WANTED— CIear country property in exchange
for fine house and large lot in beautiful Ala-
meda; value $3500; mortgage $1000. R. S. FAL-
CONER & CO., Bay Station, Alameda.
$1200— STATIONERY and variety store; fine lo-
cation; low rent; must be sold or exchanged,
as owner must leave. Box 166, Call office.
2-STORY bay window house In Mission: will
trade for inside property and pay cash differ-
ence. Address box 112, Call office.
GROCERY and liquor store and a corner lot
to exchange for a small cottage and will pay
cash difference. Apply Call office.
FOR Exchange— ls6 acres fruit or grain land,
improved, near Vacavllle, for city property.
Box 5, Vacavllle, Cal.
WANTED— In exchange, lot in Oakland for lot
in Alameda. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
! LAROE tumi to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or r#-
> deemable by installments at exceptionally low
I rates of Interest.
Special terms quoted for loans on life poli-
cies. Interests under wills, & 2d & 3d mrtgs.
Promissory notes discounted and all finan-
cial business transacted.
R. GOULD, 131 Montgomery st.
LOANS on furniture or piano* In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commli-
elon; lowest lnterert. Room 68. 1170 Market.
i ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell it.
ANT amount at 6H per cent in real estate; Td
and 3d mortgnges, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, ma. 3.
I COLONIAL Inv. Co.— Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country; furn.. 405 Montg'y, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister »t.
! FIRST and second mortgages, estates; city and
j country. J. W. WRIGHT. 630 Market st.
MONEY loaned on furniture and pianos without
removal. 205 Examiner building.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. €36 Market st.
$S0 TO $50,000 • lowest rates; Ist and Id mortg.:
any proposition. Dryo>n. 413 Montgomery ft.
MONEY "WANTED.
WANTED — $3800 to $4000 for 1 or 2 years on real
estate In Astoria. Or. ; interest 10 per cent per
annum; no mortgage tax. For particulars
address P. O. box 541, Oakland.
FINANCIAL.
1 FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
'ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1100— GOOD 6-r©om houße; lot 26x90; Oak st.
$1500— <-room house; bath, basement, brick
foundation; lot 25x80.
$1300— 7-room house; lot 45x160.
$3250 — 8-room house; San Jose aye.; lot 50x150.
$2100— New 6-room house; modern Improve-
ments; lot 40x130.
$3500— Large water front lot, with bulkhead;
7-room cdltage.
$1350—3 lots, 60x150, near Chestnut Station.
$y,o— 4 lotu, Cedar St., 40x13i.
$2100 — 6-room houoe, bath; lot 80x150; well,
windmill, etc.; fruit trees; Alameda aye.
$2600— New modern cottage, 6 rooms; lot 60x
203.
For Rent— Elegant homes, furnished or un-
furnished.
E. D. JUDD & CO., |
1424 Park at.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE—
40x125— New 7-room house; Shuman st., near
Clinton aye. ; $3200.
,-Oxlf>0 — New 8-room house; San Antonio aye.;
$30<10.
17:2x110— New 7-room house; Pare at.; $2750.
tuaOdu— New fi-rooni cottage; $IEOO.
50x150— San Antonio aye., near Chestnut st. ;
$12on.
00x150— New 8-room modern house, $2200.
ALL FOR SALE ON EABY TERMS.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
Open Sundays and evenings.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SEI.VED.
. UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
11200. $1700. $1800. »2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now rffered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, (, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date: almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We «re going to weed them out, and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market St..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holldsyi.
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
$750— COTTAGE of 4 rooms and basement ; barn.
chicken house, fruit trees; lot 50x120; fine
location.
$460— Choice corner lot. 100x120, all fenced;
cost owner $900; a great bargain.
$U00 — Modern cottage of E rooms and bath;
7-foot basement, cement foundation, large
chicken house; lot # 50xl4O; sewerage and city
water complete: easy terms if desired.
$900— 560 cash, balance on easy terms; cot-
tags ot 8 rooms and basement; larg« barn,
chicken house; lot 60x133; 3 blocks from Ade-
line Station, Oakland. For particulars sea
H. A, PLKITNER, Fruitvale Station, Col.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$60 CASH and $10 per month with ( per cent in-
terest for a cozy modern five-roomed colonial
styre cottage, with lot 37:6x100 feet; house Is
nearly new In fine condition and cost present
owner $1600; healthy location; near Telegraph
$830 will buy a fine building lot 33x123 feet, on
the west side of Magnolia, near Thirtieth St.;
convenient to train to San Francisco; stone
walks and street work complete.
$2250; three flats centrally located, containing
6 rooms each; all sunny and bringing a big
rental; owner Is away and must sell; this Is a
sacrifice price.
$3000— The best vacant business lot In Oak-
land to-day for the prlo«; Inside of the fire
limits.
HUGH M. CAMEROM, Real Estate Broker,
479 Ninth St., Oakland.
GO out to-day and taJw a look at those el««
gant new homes In the Avln Tract.
3-room cottage and let 50x126; $650; small pay-
ment down; $5 monthly.
4-room and bath cottage and lot 50x125; $750;
only $7 50 monthly; streets macadamized.
Take Hay wards local train to Elmhurst sta-
tion or Haywards electric cars to Jones aye.;
free carriage Sunday meets electric cars to the
Alvin Tract every half hour! only 45 miuutes
ride from San Francisco to the Alvin Tract.
A. T. BATTEN, Resident Agents. JACOB
HEYMAN, Owner. 11 Montgomery st.
$500— GOOD house, 3 rooms; lot 60x100; well lo-
cated; near local train and electric cars, eto.;
easy payments.
ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902 Broadway.
$2000— TWO-STORY, 7 rooms, etc.: Eighth St.,
near broad and narrow gauge local trains and
electric cars; new and a bargain.
ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902 Broadway.
$10,000 TO loan at 8 per cent; also $600 to loan
on pianos and furniture, etc., by
ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902 Broadway.
$2000—80 ACRES near Llvermore; 10 acre* vine-
yard; 6-room house. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
$1260— HAYW ARD6 ; " aores; house and barn.
C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
$2500—20 ACRES, Sonoma County, near station;
all in fruit; house, barn, tools, stock. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
$1300 CASH— 7 acre* at Lafayette, Contra
Costa County; large new 8-room house. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
IMPORTANT NOTICE.
To Investors and contractors. The executor
of the estate of- Margaret P. McCourtney.
deceased, has ordered a private sale of the
property belonging to said estate for the pur-
pose of paying outstanding claims; acreage
property suitable for subdividing Into choice
building lots with sewers and city water de-
livered at the line; appraised at less than
$5 per front foot. Call at or write for par-
ticulars, "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
uarters," 470 Thirteenth St., bet. Broadway
and Washington st. Telephone Main 255,
Oakland.
CHEAPEST lots ever offered; $275 to $300; 26x
100; one-fourth cash, balance easy Install-
ments; Interest 6 per cent; street work com-
plete: on electric line; 5 minutes to two local
station*; only 4 left: don't miss this chance.
BELDEN & COOK. 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— House and lot In Oakland. Aia-
meda or Berkeley; $800 to $1800: also small
business or coal yard. $500 cash for boarding
or lodging house. WHITE, 814 Broadway.
$600— COTTAGE and lot: bargain; 22d St., near
San Pablo aye. Apply 306 Sixth, st., S. F.
$650— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; bank mortgage, $500.
$1000—5 rooms; $100 cash, $10 mo.; Twenty-
third aye.
$1650— Fine 6-room cottage; bank montgage,
$1300.
$2300— Center Station; 7-room cottage; $600
cash.
$25OA— Modern cottage, 5 rooms; corner; IOOx
125; fronts electric cars; bank mortgage, $2000;
sacrifice.
$2650— East Oakland; modern 6-room cottage;
half-acre lot; location for health; must sell.
$4300— Elegant 9-room residence, Just com-
pleted; Telegraph aye.; close In; good value;
$1000 cash.
$6500— Superb home; 13 rooms; corner; large
lot; central; must Bell: called East; terms;
splendid value: make offer above mortgage.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Ofllced, 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
I AM authorized to sell the following proper-
ties, taken under foreclosure of mortgage:
First— A modem new story-and-a-half house
on principal residence street ; No. 1 neighbor-
hood, for $1600; cost $2500 one year ago; easy
terms.
Second— Modern flats 5 rooms and bath each:
Market st. station; the best residence street In
Oakland: price $2500; originally cost $5000; pay-
Ing 16 per cent on the investment.
Third—Cottage 5 rooms and bath in a busi-
ness center of Oakland; cost $2700; price $1450;
convenient to cars, schools, etc.
I am Instructed to sell these properties to the
best bidder this week. First come, first served.
Full description upon application. J. 8. MEY-
ERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. CaJ.
A— sl2s: WHAT for? A fine lot in the beauti-
ful Gallndo Tract, East Oakland; sire 35x115:
or you can get a lot of any size you wish; $10,
cash, monthly payments to suit. . .
' $750— About three-quarters of an acre; cottage
8 rooms; chickenhouses, picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; a lovely spot; city water; two
blocks from electric road and fine school; about
10 minutes' walk to the local steam road: loca-
tion, soil and climate fine, so we say; but you
come and see it; It will cost you nothing; why
not send for our circular If '--mi don't come.
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland. H. Z.
JONES, owner. . ' '
HAVE purchaser for small house and lot; also .
chicken ranch; cash. 814 Broadway.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estat* dealer, notary
puhl!r: nron^rtv looked: after. 814 TJrn»dw»».
OAKLAND HOUSES. > '
$12 PER month; house of 's rooms in good con- '
dition; large lot and new barn; cozy and de-
. sirable place.
.: r House of <> rooms: right down town. . -
We have a modern 5-roomed cottage on West
St., near Twenty-seventh; special terms to a
good tenant. "
$25 per month; furnished cottage of 5 rooms;
sunny and I desirable; with large lot.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
Oakland Renting Agent, 479 Ninth St., Oak-
;-■ land, Cal. , : .
TO PHYSICIANS— rent: residence in
Oakland, with offices and stable; occupied
for years by regular physician with large
'practice. Address box 191. Call office.
OAKLAND . ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARDERS wanted ; | one or two gentlemen or
gentleman and wife, in private family; first-
class table; references. 562 ■•Fifteenth st.,
Oakland. '• ■ ;_l^__— ______ ■_ .. . '
OAKLAND OFFICES TO LET-
TO RENT— Fine location for an insurance I of-
fice; reasonable rent. ■ • Apply to "North Oak-
land Real Estate Headquarters," 470 Thir-
■ teenth St., between Broadway and Washing-
t..n ats. : tel. - Main 255, Oakland. ' .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. ■ H. SCHELL-
: HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. ' See him.
."•"■■ BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A PRETTY cottage of 5 rooms r and bath; hot
■ and cold water; all In excellent condition;
chicken houses, etc.: only $1000; dirt cheap;
was taken on mortgage. • Call •■ and ' see our
building -lots.
O. G. MAY _ CO..
2123 Center st.,
.'..... ..-■•'•• Berkeley.'
BERKELEY HOUSES.
TO Let—Cottage, 1401 Spruce st., North Berke-
ley; 6 rooms and bath; finished basement;
fine yard; fls.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker; workroom 25x35; <&olce for
business and residence combined; tnrcstlgate.
ELLIS, 1484, near Buchanan— 6 rooms aad bath :
sunny: rent $21; open to-4iay. ASHTON &
GARDINER.
HOUSE 9 rms.. bath, on Grove st., bet. Bu-
chanan and Webster; newly painted and ren-
ovated; large sunny yard; furnished or un-
furnished; cheap to responsible parties. Key
at C6O Hayes at.
HOUSE to let; sunny rooms; rent $32; wuter
paid. 21 J2 Bush at.; 11 rooms.
HOUBE of 7 rooms and bath; large garden; ce-
mented back yard; beautiful and axtenslve
view; reasonable rent. Inquire at 829 Union.
ELEGANT house 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. 818 McAlllsterjrt,^rent^sB6.
GOLDEN 6 ATE aye., 1202—10 rooms and bath:
modern; $45; open to-day. ASHTON &
GARDINER. ___
LEAVENWORTH, 2202— House of 10 rooms:
beautifully situated; large grounds; rent
moderate; If agreeable be taken partially In
board.
LINDEN AYE., 4«8, near Laguna— sl2 60; house
of 4 rooms; cellar and yard.
MASON^Iw. near Pine— House of 8 large sunny
rooms; bath, gas; low rent to good tenant.
MUST be seen to be appreciated; cottage with
beautiful grounds. From 11 to 2, S2C Cumber-
land St., above Church, bet. 19th and 20th.
PAGE, 135— House of 8 rooms and bath; |20.
HOUSES TO LET— Continued,
RUBS, 127, near Howard— rooms and bath:
. rent $25; open to-day. ASHTON & GARDI-
NER. .■■.■■■■■ -. ; . -:-■■ ' /.'■
STYLISH Eastlake house; 8 rooms and ■ bath.
' 421 Oak st. Rent, $35. :-. •■;.'■.■- ■>'■:■
TO LET— A 2-story bay-window house; few
blocks off Kearny. $40; cheap. 411 O'FarreU.
WE can rent you -a house with or without a
! . flagpole. • BALDWIN , & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■■ ■-,-.■■- ■■■-' .-. ■: ■■. ■•-■ - -■■ - <■■ -■ >'
$12— HOUSE of 6 rooms. 3 Lawrence place, oft
■ Fremont St., between Harrison and Bryant;.
.- planked yard ; . grand view of bay. -"<
$14— HOUSE. 6 rooms and bath; water free.
: 823 Castro et., between Market and Sixteenth.
$15—7 ROOMS and bath, furnished or unfur-
.. nished . 137 Julian aye., off 16thand Mission.
$16; SIX sunny rooms. ,80 Silver st. m
389 HAVES ST.— Branch of flee i of ; Th« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. * ..___^
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A^FURNIBHED house near Van Ness aye.;
large drawing room, library and dining room
en suite; 9 bedrooms; house sunny and nearly
. new: furnace; gas logs and open grates; large
garden; good neighborhood. Address box 190,
Call Office. ■■■
NICE house 9 rooms, completely furnished;
would board for rent if desired; references
exchanged. Address box 381. San Rafael.
NICELY furnished modern 8-room house, $40;
; adults only. ."-' Apply 112 Scott St.. , nr. Halght.
PACIFIC aye., 1521— rooms, bath, yard, lawn,
$30 ; water , free. Apply forenoon. -, .. - ;
TWENTY-FIRST, .3238, near Mission— •rooms;
sunny corner; piano, range, gas stove. : 2____
. COTTAGES TO LliT.,
COLLINS. 113, near Bay-window cot-
tage, 4 rooms;, water free: $10. •
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath; rent $12. 464
Clipper st., near Castro. '•■''■_
SUNNY 4-room cottages, with yard, $11. See-
1 ond at. and Rincon aye., near Brannan.
THIRTY-FOURTH, near — Sunny 4
rooms, $11; open to-day. ASHTON & GARD-
NER. ■ .• '• y- ■
4-ROOM cottage; large yard. 2301 Polk st.
■ . _ .. FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED if seen: rarely beautiful; NW.
corner ■ Butter and Scott, 6 , big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth, 7 big rooms and porch,
rent reasonable, all flooded with sunshine.
A— s2o- elegant new flat 5 rooms and bath. 2531
Post St., near Baker. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st. ■ ■■ .-
EDDY, 1344, near Laguna— Sunny flat 5 rooms;
bath modern improvements. -
ELEGANT sunny upper bay-window flat. 5
h rooms and bath. Corner Fotoom st. and Pre-
clta-ave.; $12. - ' _____
ELEGANT sunny flat: 6 rooms and bath; large
yard. 804 Treat aye., near Twenty-flrst st.
ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $35. 625
Post st.
FINE modern flat 6 rooms. $17; also 7 rooms,
$18 and $20; all light and beautifully decor-
ated: rare chances and prices. Apply 112
Scott St., near Haight.
FLAT of 4 rooms; 2 stalls; wagon house. 1
Isis st.. near Twelfth and Folsom; rent $16.
FOLSOM, 961, near Sixth— Flat with 7 rooms
and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
FOURTEENTH, 134, near Howard— 6 sunny
rooms, bath; basement; yard; $18.
FRANKLIN, 1507— Sunny flat of 5 rooms and
bath.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms,
bath; near City Hall. .
HANDSOME finished 7 and 8 room middle and
lower flats: modern Improvements. 1127 and
1129 Bush st.
HARRISON, 1041, opposite Eighteenth— 2 nica
sunny flats, 3 and 4 rooms, $9 and $10.
HYDE, 813—8 sunny rooms; modern; quiet;
good view; perfect order; handy to business.
LOWER flat, 5 sunny rooms, bath; yard, base-
ment; rent $17. 134 Page st.
MARYE Terrace, 11, off Turk, near Hyde— 4
rooms, $15; open to-day. ASHTON & GARDI-
NER.
McALLISTER, 6Ss— Modern sunny flat of 7
rooms, $25.
McALLISTER. 1728, near Broderlck— B rooms
and bath; rent $21; open to-day. ASHTON A
GARDINER.
MINNA, 348, near Fifth— 6 rooms and bath, $15;
open to-day. ASHTON &. GARDINER.
MISSION, 1150— Nice upper flat; 7 rooms; re-
cently renovated; rent $15. EASTON, EL-
DRIDGE & CO., 638 Market st.
MISSION, 1513 A, near Eleventh— Flats of 6 and
6 rooms: bath; laundry; rent $15 up.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MOSS. 30. near Howard and Seventh— Lower
bay-window flat, 5 large rooms; yard; base-
ment.
NATOMA, 221, bet. Third and Fourth— Upper
sunny flat, $16; 5 rooms and bath.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath : all modern
conveniences; 1 block from Hayes-st. cars; 3
minutes' walk from City Hall; rent reason-
able. 481 Fell St., near Laguna.
NICE sunny flat. 4 rooms, bath; latest Im-
provements; rent low to desirable tenant.
332 Hickory aye., near Laguna.
OAK. 921 A —Nice flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent
- reduced, $18; water free; nr. Park Panhandle.
! SCOTT. 2036-2040, I corner Sacramento—
sunny 8-room flats; reasonable. • -■■ -
! SEE those most reasonable flats In the city:
seven large rooms and bath; rent " reduced
from $35 to $25: fine : locality; 1819 Sutter , st.
1 MADISON & BURKE. - ; ' ;
I SUNNY flats, S and 4 , rooms bath. Key at
j 1626 -Howard St.. near.. Twelfth. - ■> I
SHIPLEY, 287, near Sixth— Flat 5 rooms and
bath; new; $14. : . . :1
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath; modern; separ-
ate yard; $16. 1726, Bryant, bet. 16th and 17th.
SUTTER, 16138— 7 rooms and ■ bath: modern;
open to-day; rent $30. ASHTON & GARDI-
- NER. __ ■.••.■■-..■..■•.-.'■■■' . ■ ■ . '
I TO Beautiful, sunny flats; marine view;
- 6 rooms;,. modern improvements; half block
• from cars; rents $18 and $20. Apply at 2044
Leavenworth st.;' ■'. -■ . ; ' : ".':■':' r;
UPPER flat, 6 rooms, large yard; stable;
■ rent $15. : Twenty-fourth and , Treat aye.
UPPER flat of 5 nice sunny r6oms and bath;
rent cheap. 1385 ValUJo St.: ' '
VALENCIA, 475,' cor. Sixteenth— New modern 7
rooms and bath, $16 ; open to-day. ASHTON
& GARDINER. T
WANTED at — 100 tenants | for flats, cot-
tages; 1 willing to make inducements; 10 to 30
days free; flats $8 up at SPECK St CO.'S,
602 Market st. y V- . : ' - ■.'-■.'. •■>,'.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
I pole. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10 Mont-
i gomery st. ■ . " ■ '■"■•''; . .
4-ROOM flat, nicely . furnished, and bath. 11l
; Fell : st. ■'•.;■ • ■ ..- __.
6 BUNNT ro*oms, bath, all latest Improvements.
: 11 Kingston aye.. bet. Mission and San Jose
; aye., above Thirtieth st. ... ■ r _> >•, ,v-
5 LOVELY rooms, bath, 411'Lyon st., near en-
, trance to Park,* $14. .' : ■ - ■■.''>*->:■■■■■'
UPPER flat of 3 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia. ■. ■ . .:
$B— LOWER flat, 4 rooms. Apply corner gro-
cery. Twenty-fourth and Florida sts.
$12— SUNNY fiat; bay view; 8 rooms, bath and
basoment. 11l Cherry st. ; call 120 Golden
Gate aye.
$12— SUNNY; 4 rooms; lower. $10. 188 Ivy aye.,
near Van Ness.
$14 AND $12— Upper and lower flats, B rooms;
large yards; sun all day. 137 Fair Oaks st.,
nenr Twenty-third.
$15— FLAT, 6 rooms and bath; marine view.
14% Bernard St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
$15— SUNNY lower flat; 6 rooms; all Improve-
ments: basement. 8674 Nineteenth st.
|17 so— MIDDLE flat of t rooms and bath. 1909
Geary St.
$15— MODERN, sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath;
marine view. 1059 Broadway, near Jones st.
$19—3239 TWENTY- FIRST St., near Valencia:
lower flat. 5 rooms; modern Improvements;
cellar and garden.
$32 60— SUNNY; 6 rooms; bath. 218 Van Ness
avenue.
$25— 816H GROVE St., bet. 'Laguna and Bu-
chanan, flat, ft rooms and bath; modern im-
provements.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRADY. 44, oft Market— 3 sunny housekeeping
rooms: cheap to small family.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell — Bay-window ;
kitchen with stove; bath; sunny; $12.
BUSH, 726—2 nice sunny housekeeping rooms:
also single rooms. MRS. EBNER.
DOLORES, 382, near Sixteenth— 4 furnished
rooms; good stove; $10.
ELEVENTH, 118 A —Nicely furnished front
room for housekeeping; other rooms.
ELLIS, 327—2 large unfurnished rooms; use of
kitchen; also nice room for gent; private.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
ELLIS. 538— Sunny side, parlor suite newly fur-
nished; use of kitchen; gas and bath.
ELLIS, 722— Four sunny unfurnished rooms;
jn.
ERIE, 47, bet. 13th and 14th— Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; large garden.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FULTON, 116—1 or 2 furnished rooms; privilege
light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
GEARY, 402 — Large sunny suite, first floor;
also sunny corner suite; private; cheap.
GEARY, 1911, opp. Park— Furnished housekeep- ;
ing rooms, $16; alcove suite and adjoining
roum; porcelain sink; bath furnished.
GLEN PARK AYE., 9. off Twelfth, near Mis-
sion— 2 or 3 pretty furnished rooms.
HARRIBON, 618— Unfurnished sunny parlors;
water; $9; 4 upper rooms, $12; references.
HARRISON. 731— Three rooms furnished com- |
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $13.
HICKORY aye., 124 — ilce sunny furnished front
room. $5 per month.
HOWARD, 525— Large, pleasant rooms complete
for housekeeping: reasonable.
HOWARD, 7614— Nicely furnished bay window
suite, with kitchen; others; reasonable.
HYDE, 10004, corner Pine— Lovely sunny un-
furnished rooms; cheap; also furnished single.
JACKSON, 3019—3 beautiful furnished rooms,
one being double front room; $25; latter with
kitchen, $20; modern house.
JESSIE. 373, near Emporium— 3 rooms furnish-
ed for housekeeping; $14.
LEAVENWORTH, SIT— 2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Large sunny
unfurnished room, kitchen and cellar.
MINNA. 28— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also single; piano free.
MINNA, 1114— Furnished housekeeping room,
$1 25; bay-window room. $1 50; suite, $2 50;
single rooms, 75c a week and up.
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth— Furnished house-
keeping; complete; very cheap.
MINNA. 454—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms; com-
pletely furnished; separate entrance.
MINNA, 644— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng. .
MISSION. 561, near Second— Large front room
•and kitchen complete housekeeping; suita-
bly two or three adults. j
MISSION, 619— Newly renovated large front
rooms, furnished; light housekeeping; very <
reasonable. |
MINNA, 648— Two sunny unfurnished rooms i
with a stove, or partly furnished. ;
MISSION. 11264— Front housekeeping rooms;
nicely furnished; moderate rates.
MISSION, 1241— S sunny furnished rooms very j
reasonable to a quiet party. j
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal- j
skins and Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 \
Grant aye. j
NINTH, 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting j
rooms, housekeeping, Btove, water, gas; '
single. |
OAK, 1191—3 or 5 furnished rooms: entrance
park; gas stove; bath; cheap; also single.
OCTAVIA, 155— Furnished or unfurnished hand-
some rooms: low rent; private family.
OCTAVIA. 265—2 or 3 sunny rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Parlor, bed- \
room and kitchen; gas stove; $16.
O'FARRELL. 638—2 real pleasant rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished: housekpg if desired.
SECOND, 52— Nice front rooms suitable for
light housekeeping.
SEVENTH. 178— Nicely furnished rooms: house- j
keeping; water; large yard; also transient.
SEVENTH, 3284—3 or S unfurnished rooms
with bath: rent cheap^ |
SHOTWELL, 937— Upper part of house; 3 rooms,
bath, bay window, $9.
SIXTH, BB4— Three unfurnished sunny rooms;
stove and bath; rent $10.
THIRD. 808—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; hot and cold water; bath; $9.
TURK, 128—2 or S sunny housekeeping rooms, j
first floor; hall room, $4 a month. I
TURK, 205— Newly furnished rooms, with use
of kitchen; gas and bath.
TURK, 405— Sunny furnished light housekeep-
ing rooms; also others; $6 and $8.
TWELFTH, 40 — 1 or 2 furnished rooms and
kitchen: If desired gas and bath.
TWELFTH, 145 — Sunny corner bay-window
suite, complete for housekeeping, reasonable;
also single room.
TWELFTH. 230 C —Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; gas range; select locality.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3186, near Howard— A part
of a nicely furnished flat, with piano; cheap.
VALENCIA. 147H— 3 well furnished front rooms
for housekeeping: rent $10.
VAN NESS, 1021— Three sunny front rooms, and
Icltchen: gas range; piano; references.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
SUNNY unfurnished suite, with carpets, $12 a
month. 1229 Broadway. Oakland.
WINDSOR Hotel — Rooms without board; ac-
commodatlons for cooking. 9th A Washington.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. : trunks
moved to any part of city, 26c; tel. Main 49.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
AT 416 O'Farrell — Sunny rooms; suites: single;
by day, week or mo. ; baths, running water.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719. R29«4 and Mason
407 — Choice; sunny: reasonable: Investigate.
BEAUTIFUL sunny suite, newly furnished,
suitable for two or more gentlemen; grates,
running water, telephone, excellent appoint-
ments; breaJtfast If desired; ntfar California
and Leavenworth sts. ; references. Address
box 149. Call office.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 2
blocks from Palajce Hotel ; every convenience ;
elevator; tourists; near principal clubs.
BRYANT. 770, between Fifth and Sixth— Sun-
ny double room In private family.
BUSH, 613— Elegantly furnished sunny suites
and single; nice home; modern cony.; reason.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DALE place, 7, off Golden Gate aye. — Sunny
furnished or unfurnished rdbms; cheap.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families.
ELLIS, 516 — Handsome parlors, large front al-
cove; housekeeping rooms; also single room,
$8; private.
ELLIS, 597— Sunny parlor suite; single room;
also 2 rooms for light housekeeping.
ELLIS, 611 — Nice sunny single and double
rooms; also front alcove for rent.
ELLIS, 622—2 large sunny unfurnished rooms;
separate entrance, yard, etc.; rent cheap.
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkin— Bay-window alcove;
mantel; gas; bath; gents preferred.
ELLIS. S28 — Sunny room, newly furnished, for
2 gents, $10; parlor suite, gaa, bath, kltch.,s3o.
ELLIS, SOl, corner Polk— Newly furnished sun-
ny alcove; private family.
FIFTH, 24 (The Waldorf)— New sunny corner;
elegant rooms; single or en suite; electric its.
FIFTH, SO9 — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water; other rooms; also housekeeping
FIFTH, 415— Large furnished room in private
family.
FIFTH, 322—11 week; large sunny furnished
room; closet; bath; private.
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 1111— A nicely furnished sunny room,
■with stationary waphstand; private family;
rent $7.
FULTON. 311— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
andjmth; reasonable.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Bunny rooms; reasonable; alao housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25e to
$1 ; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1223— A pleasant front
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen, with or without
hoard; near 3 car lines; use of piano.
GOLDEN GATE, 1509—2 or 3 unfurnished
rooms; use of gas and bath: private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite acd
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye.. 17— Nice front suite; single
rooms; housekeeping rooms; transient.
GROVE, 32— 515; sunny bay-window flat; bath;
yard.
HARRISON, 784 H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
niphed rooms; bath; all conveniences; quiet
borne; }l week.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HANCOCIT House. 781 Mission— Select larnlly
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HILLSDALE. 33 Sixth st.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping; suite for 3 gents; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1068—2 sunny parlor suites; house-
keeping rooms and single rooms; $5 up; bath.
HOWARD, 2124— Sunny bedroom and kitkhen;
frnished complete; sink, gas, etc.; other Tins.
HYDE, 10004 — Nice sunny furnished rooms, $4
and $5; also unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
HYDE, 1751, corner Vallejo — 3 rooms, furnished,
bath, $11; also unfurnished, cheap; fine view.
j LARKIN, 408— Sunny front and also single
room; neat and pleasant: private house.
LEAVENWORTH. 411— Sunny parlor suite,
suitable for 2 gents or couple; also unfur.
MANSFIELD — 212 Post — Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single; baths connecting; moderate
rates.
I MARKET. 765— Office, suites and single rooms;
reasonable.
! MASON. 225— Furnished front housekpg rooms
and single; by day, week or month; $2 up.
MASON, 402— Sunny front room, $6; private
family. _
MINNA. 327— Large sunny front room newly
furnished, for 2 gentlemen; privilege of 1
meals; home cooking.
j MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
1 MISSION 9254— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; also nice housekeeping suite.
i MISSION, 1008. near Sixth— Sunny furnished
room; clean, cheap, private house.
f MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry
and sealskins at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
! NINTH, 25 — Nicely furnished room for 2 gentle-
! men; also single rooms; transient.
! OCTAVIA, 156— Unfurnished or furnished sunny,
handsome parlors; no children.
i O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, eek or month.
O'FARRELL, 126 — Sunny furnished rooms; sin-
gle and double; for gentlemen; gas and bath.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PINE, 7064— Sunny front unfurnished rooms;
will furnish; private family.
POLK. 611— Newly furnished sunny parlors, $25;
also large sunny room, suitable for 2 gents,
rent $10; modern conveniences. MRS. T.
i JORDAN.
I POLK. 1439— Sunny parlor suite; $15.
I I
1 POST, 817— A front alcove room.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, 1469— Charming sunny rooms;
| alcove; private lavatory; central; bachelors
I or housekeeping. _ _
| SCOTT, 1614— First floor: 8 unfurnished rooms,
bath, garden; $16; adults only.
! SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
j SIXTH, 2164 — Newly renovated single front
rooms; reasonable. ■
STOCKTON, 1307. near Broadway— Furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent cheap.
SUTTER st.— 3 sunny furnished rooms, bath,
single or en suite, for gentleman; references.
For particulars address box 152. Call office.
SUTTER, 309— Pleasant sunny rooms, fur-
nished; terms reasonable.
TAYLOR, 109— Nice~sunny rooms; $1 per week
and $1 50.
TAYLOR, 407— Large sunny furnished room;
rent reasonable.
TAYLOR, 1519, near Broadway— Elegant suite
front rooms, with piano and all comforts,
$15; also single rooms, $10 and $5.
THIRTEENTH, 329, near Valencia— Front par-
lor, $6; small room, $4.
TO LET— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; beautiful
and sunny; Western Addition; near Broad-
way. Box 192, Call office.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
I TREMONT House, 1773 Market St.. opp. Gough
I —House newly furnished; single rooms or
suits; two kitchens for tenants for light
I housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $-!■ _
TURK, 126— Single furnished room, suitable fop
a gentleman, $5 per month.
TURK, 205— Newly furnished single and double
rooms; bath and gas. __
TWENTIETH, 3622, near Valencia— 3 sunny
furnished connecting rooms; 2 beds and hath.
VAN NEBS, 936— Pretty room; hot and cold;
gas; bath; $10; larger one. $15.
WENDT Hotel. 22 Sacramento— Best rooming
house on water front; single 25c up: week $1
up; fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
ROOMS AND BOARD
' ! AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye.— Rooms
50c up; board anfl room. $1 per day and up-
j ward; free bus to and from hotel.
i I BR\NNAN. 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
' j Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
$1 per week. m
. ELLIS 518 — Nice sunny rroms with flrst-class
table board; use of parlor, piano: $20 up.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
' FOLSOM, 1530— Front room for 2; also single;
board. __
GOLDEN GATE aye., 334. near City Hall-
Sunny alcove room, with board, -for 2 adults;
other" rooms; pleasant home; piano.
GOI'GH, 708 ounny furnished rooms; hot and
cold running water; Just tinted and cleaneu;
terms moderate: board optlonaL
HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family boarding
I house; first-class all appointments; hot water
every room; home cookine-- terms moderate.
HOTEL Victoria, corner Hyde and California
sts — Nice sunny rooms; hot and cold water:
gas; closet; with flrst-class board; reasonable.
HOTEL SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— Well furnished
i rooms; beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
! HYDE 40S — Sunny alcove, hot. cold water, with
board; also single room; private: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very best board; pleasant
parlor, with piano: everything entirely new.
: I ROOMS and Board— 7l2 Post st. : a home for
young men at school or college; room for 8,
I $18 to $22 50 each. _
I SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 p«r
month; single rooms accordingly.
VALENCIA, 1070 (The Irving)— Family boards. :
warm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms: reas.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: flrst-class table board.
I VAN NESS, 712— Large sunny front suites; sla-
gle rooms; flrst-class table board.
VAN NESS, 1000— Large sunny double and sin-
gle rooms with good table board. $50 up.
! ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office ot The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— Children to board; either an in-
fant or child 2 years old; the best of car*
• given and good references. Address E. M.
■W., 876 Wood st., Oakland.
WANTED— Children to board: good home and
care; terms low. 1908 Sutter 3t.
YOUNG woman would like child or infant to
board; mother's care. Please call at 295*4
Clara St.. near Sixth.
WIDOW would like two children to board;
good home and care; near school. 51 Clara st.
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children: terms rea-
sonable; references. Apply 2014 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS Gfrmcn nurse desires an Infant
to raise: best references; good sunny home;
mother's care. 515 Turk St.. near Larkln.
CHILDREN or infants boarded; mother's care;
references: moderate. 234*4 Sixth st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 11M.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market, bet. $d
and 4th— Painless filling, extracting, crowning
and bridging by use of electricity; plates. $5
up: filling, 50c up; crowns and bridges, $5 up;
extracting with gas. $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 ud: fillings. 2?c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st.. cor. Sixth.
PAINLESB extraction, bridge work. New York
methods at New York prices by New York
dentlets. 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
Dr7~LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
PAINLESB filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
A CHRISTIE. 8 Mason St., cor. Market.
J35 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The CaU.
Subscriptions and ads taken. j
1314
BUSINESS CHANCES. _ .., '
feEo-^SALOON on Third st., close to Call build-
ing- rent $26; club rooms; stock worth *>00.
circumstances compel owner to accept 25 per
cent If sold at •nee. WILKE. 845 Market st.
A-S?OO— RARE chance; saloon In choicest loca-
tion; billiards: elegant fixtures; large r stock
of liquors; excellent paying place; other busi-
ness compels owner to a great sacrifice.
WILKE. 845 Market St.
$400— SALOON with mercantile lunch close to
Wells-Fargo Express Co.; rent $30; a good
paving place: splendid chance for man and
wife Call WILKE. 845 Market st.
$750- CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 llvlr-Jt
rooms; very best location; 2 blocks north j
Hibernia Bank: doing a splendid cash bar
and store trade. Inquire WILKE, 645 Mar-
ket st. . .
A— slso— RESTAURANT and chop house; kept
by present owner for 20 years: average dally
receipts $35: a genuine first-class business of-
fer. WILKE, 783 Market st. ; new number 845.
A— s22oo- LIVERY and boarding stable. West-
ern Addition; has 20 horses. 10 buggies, wag-
ons, harness, etc.; 16 steady boarders: rea-
sonable rent. Including 6 rooms: selling on
account of other business; will take real es-
tate or good security: a bargain. GEO.
STEWART A CO.. 632 Market st. .
A— s23o; PARTNER wanted In light business; 1
hour's ride from city; in lively town; estab-
lished 5 years; doing business that will clear
$75 per month to each, sure: thorough inves-
tigation. GEO. STEWART & CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. . ' ■ ________
$100— CANDY, fruit and notion store: bargain.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market_st.
GENERAL merchandise store In a pros-
perous country town; stock by Inventory; re-
tiring cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st.
XI'OO— BEER-BOTTLING business; worth dou-
ble the price asked. For full particulars see
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market St.
A-SSOO— CONFECTIONERY, ice cream and
branch bakery; fixtures worth $800; make of-
fer. KREDO & CO.
$325— BRANCH bakery, delicacy and notions; 6
rooms; receipts $10 dally. KREDO & CO.
$800-DELICATESSEN ; value In stock ; -A 25A 25
dally: this is a bargain. KREDO & CO..
224 Geary st. _______
FOR sale— A splendid opportunity; an old-es-
tablished branch bakery and variety store;
over 12 years on the same corner; will, on ac-
count of old age. sell at a sacrifice; more than
full value in sight. Call at 412 A Thirteenth
St.. above Valencia. ■ -
RARE opportunity to purchase a newspaper in
town north of San Francisco, with Income of
$90 per month: steadily growing; easy terms.
Address box 111. Call off.cc.
$1000 WILL buy- one-half Interest In paying
manufacturing business; rare opportunity;
investigate; no experience required. Chemist,
box 157. Call office. • ■ -'
RESTAURANT, must rent or sell; cheap;
owner going East; first-class fixtures; cor-
ner First' and Franklin. 650 Franklin St..
Oakland. '
FOR SALE— At a bargain, a fine paying busi-
ness suitable for man and wife. Apply for
three days, at 1016 Washington St.. Oakland.
PAYING commission and realty business; can
.how monthly Income $100: other business to
attend to; $250. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
?>5O— EMPLOYMENT office fully equipped and
paying well. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902
Broadway. Oakland.
COFFEE saloon and restaurant for sale; cor.
Pacific and Stockton sts. Apply to CuRTIN
*• BEALB, Mills building.
$550— A NO. 1 market: good location; full value
in fixtures: rare chance. Address D. H., box
1. Call office. Oakland. _^_
FOR SALE— <3ood paying bakery cheap. Ad-
dress M. C. box 3. Call office. Oakland. _
WELL established manufacturing business for
•ale cheap. Inquire cigar store, 1739 Mission.
LIGHT cash business for man and wife; call
Monday. 1033 Market st.. near Sixth.
FOR Sale— Pharmacy; prescriptions only; good
opportunity. Box 06. Call office.^
$200— SMALL- French laundry, with horse and
wagon, for sale. '.14 Bush St.
SINGER patching machine for sale cheap.
BOI'RNE. 2S Second Ft.
BARBER shop for sale, 3 chairs; $200. Box
160. Call office.
11200— FIRST-CLASS restaurant and oyster
house In a prosperous country town: doing a
business from *3« to 160 daily; long lease;
beet location; legitimate .established busi-
ness; trial given. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
Market st.
FINE delicacy and grocery; all cash
•■ MS to jr-0 daily: clears $275 per month;
n fine living rooms and bath; long lease;
Cheap rent: large cellar: horse and wagon;
l.irKe stock; fine fixtures: for sale on account
of death in family. MRS. W. S., box 182.
Call Office.
GROCERY and bar for sale; fine location; with
living rooms. A| -vlaadero st.
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; account
sickness. Apply Call Office.
PARTNER to open wine and liquor business;
small rapttal. R8 Valencia, before 10 a. m.
BOTCHES, shop, t>l Sixth st. ; on account of
111 health; one the best cash shops in city.
{• MONTH: well »stab. business for man and
wife. 58 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
PAPER route for sale. Particulars at 560 How-
ard st.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures In:
reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor. Clement; take
Sutro car. ____
SALOON for sale; und*r the Mission Opera
Hall. 2131 Mission st.
BRANCH bakery, notions, school supplies, ci-
gars, tobacco; will sell cheap. 3012 Sixteenth.
GROCERY and bar for sale, with lease: open
for Inspection. Apply northeast corner Page
and octavla sts.. or CURTIN & BEALS.
Mills building; third 11001%
$400— GOOD paying bakery baking 1 barrels
with few hour wagon route; most trade In
store: owner retiring from business. Address
box $■'.. Call Office. |
ISoo— l£-ROOM rooming house nicely furnished:
good location: rooms all occupied; select. Box
200. Call Office.
HDY In legitimate business wishes gentleman [
to buy half interest. Address box 242. Call.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon cheap. 211 Grant
avenue.
FOR SALE— Fremont Bazaar. 1787 McAllister
Ft., near Baker: opposite Fremont School; no
opposition: has the. exclusive trade of large
school. Inquire on premises. #V
ONE of the oldest dyeing establishments In j
this city for sale cheap on account of re- j
tiring from business. Inquire 148 Third st.
BAKERY, elegantly fitted up; fine cash
trade; owner anxious to sell. 3025 Sacramento. ;
CIGAR store for sale cheap on account of leav-
ing city. 43<*i Third St. .
FOR SALE— and bar. Inquire 1400
Folsom St.. corner Tenth. -.
$500 — BOARDING house with 11 furnished
rooms; 21 regular boarders; trial before buy-
Ing. Address M. J., box 4. Call of flee. Oakland.
MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and j
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GAS fixtures v-ry low; large assortment ,;_l
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF- |
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. / j
STATIONERY store; good, old paying place:
make a nice living. Apply Call office.
TO PRINTER*— Job office In Oak-
land; cheap for cash. P.. box L Call. Oakland.
FOR sale— route At San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL .1- CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
FOR " SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines] Id-hand "machinery. Me-
INTOSH & wpLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st.
<•< )I;kt'i;aTED iron and lumber cheap. Apply
at city Hall. McAllister St. side.
BIG bargain; fine surrey, unredeemed, at your
pri'-e. Baldwin Jewelry store. 948 Market st.
SKATES: 150 pairs: good as new; cheap. At
806 Fourth st.
I.OT of painter?' tools for sale cheap. Call
Monday. 531 Sacramento st.
LADY'S sealskin Jacket for sale; almost new.
Bra 33. Call office.
SINGER machine: good order. 2109 Leaven-
worth St., near Filbert.
BEAVTIFI'L fancy pigeons, or will trade for
X", .1 chickens. 841 Castro Bt.
800 000 ft. 2d-hand lumber; rustic and flooring:
luth. nr. Mission; old buildings bought. F.
J. FRENCH, Royal BoilM, 126 Ellis st.
PIPE, 3, 4 ar.'l 6 Inches, for water, gas or oil.
W. F. THOMPSON, 40 Main St.
ONE large traction engine, new; very cheap;
also engines and boilers, various sizes; new
and second-hand. Dundon's San Francisco
Iron Works. 314 Main St.
NEW mining and milling machinery cheap;
easy terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson «t.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, »5 per dozen:
projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 935-f's2 Market.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and seo-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-10S1-IO2J
Mission St., above Sixth.
BECOND-HAJTD belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. Bid Mission rt.
J. R."POOL. house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. So. 787.
BaVrs— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
•ires; half original cost. 10S-111 Market. 8. F.
LODGING HOUSES . FOR SALE.
A~-KREl^&^O^rr^".T7'.^T??T.22VraEARY St.
MONEY TO LOAN.
11 rooms: fine residence: Geary St.; doctor _
pays rent; clears $40 monthly; must sell. sww
16 rooms; new; all full; central and desir- <_*
able; clears $100 month.. ••• . IJW)
22 rooms; newly papered; good furniture; . __
cost $1500; for sale at **".
25 rooms; Post St.; clears $100 monthly;
fine home; make an offer — ■•-• loo °
48 rooms; best on Geary st.; clears $1-0 ; _^^
nothing better ever 0ffered.......... fyw
Several large houses to exchange for realty.
Many others too numerous to mention.
A— 3o ROOMS; new and clean i]^
74 rooms; south of Market St.: fine 4wu
31 rooms; transient; Market st »:*«
15 rooms; select; transient: corner *"
14 rooms; fine house; income $30 clear w«
36 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel l»'«
60 rooms; part cash: transient !*•;''
18 rooms; Market st. ; clears $200; cheap.. 860
F. C HYDE & CO., successors to Rogers
& Hyde. 1206 Market st.
A— M ROOMS; rent K0; near Baldwin Hotel:
call this week; bargain. F. C. HIDE &
CO.. successors to Rogers & Hyde, Uot> Mar-
ket st.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st. xr _
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2H PER CENT
20 rooms; rent $27; ronovafd throughout. $400
24 rooms; rent $55; sunny corner ;™
85 rooms; Wason st. : strictly nrst-closs.. 1600
62 rooms; rent $100; north of Market L.jO
10 ROOMS; corner; very g00d...... $250
24 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 ™
68 rooms: corner; clears $2f>o ••"•_*" *t?>
190 others; 2 to 100 rooms; prices $100 to.. fOOT
52-room house; fine and good
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
$1100— PRIVATE rooming house; north of Mar-
ket Ft.- cost $2000; going East cause of sale.
Mclaughlin a co.. 777 Market st^
{-.- TyOiVtlN'l house; barraln; on account or
sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
PINE and Hyde— Large corner house of 33
rooms and 3 baths; very centrally located:
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
OAKLAND— First-class family rooming-house,
partly furnished; clears $120 a month. Ad-
dress Postofflce box 71. Oakland.
RARE chance: 9-room house; central: well
furnished; 4 rooms bring in $122; rent only
$35; make offer. Apply Gall office.
FURNISHED house: 8 rooms: rent cheap; all
the rooms occupied; no reasonable offer will
be refused. 406 Mason st.
BARGAIN— 2-story cottage. * rooms: well fur-
nished; central: cheap; parties going. 1?2 Turk.
$550—24 ROOMS; rent $45; now clearing $62 over
rent, with 4 reserved. Address box 154. Call.
CO-ROOM house and dressmaking establish-
ment; sell at once. 242 Taylor st.
BARGAIN— S3OO; 9-room house In best part of
city: account slcknes?. 223 Maft'in gt.
- MUSICAL INSTRIMEVrS.
AS we are selling good uprieht pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains |
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy-
payments and some pood pianos for $3, $» and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
its., Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and i
Broadway. Oakland. |
ABSOLUTKLY the oldest and largest house j
west of Chicago is KOHI.ER & CHARE'S j
26. 2S and 30 OFarrell st. Pianos, organs and ;
all other musical instruments of all grades j
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
$100 CASH for high-grnde upright, worth twice:
a square. $2. ; >; a Stelnway, $I.V>: a genuine
Hardman. $350. excellent order: Hardman
agency, carlo;.! Just in: fine showing of fancy
cases, see them now. THE J. DEWING CO.,
second floor. Flood building.
MARSHALL A WBNDI ' T $75; C. Hall.
$100- Bradbury. tl&«: Xeuman. J145: Sterling.
1181 Estey $190: guaranteed: easy payments.
BF.N.T. CTTRTAZ & SON. Chickerlng agents,
16 O'Farrell st.
' «■ cash, as 1 leave San Francisco,
pranl upright piano for one-third Its value;
standard rr.ako; used 3 months: >". years' guar-
antee fmm manufacturer. 226 Eighth St.
FOR the n»xt SS 'lays plnnos will be sold for ;
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAXJVAIS MUSIC CO. 7«S Mnrket St.; they
ar» making room for freFh stock.
FOHMER & CO., Byron Mauxy, Newby. Evans,
Brlges and other plan's: see our rent plan:
no interest first year. 3<>B. 310. 312 Post St.
14 ELEOAST new plain?: J3 per mo.; 2c". hand
vi r.pr.t. *'•'. Bcott-CurtM Piano Co., SCO Hayes.
STEINWAY upright, almost new; bargain for
rash. «4 Turk st.
A— lfin: rPRIOHT: $5 Installments; other cheap
Pianos. 210 McAllister st.
SPECIAL eale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post «t.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, J75 up:
rents $2 up. HEINE. 13fi Ellis st.
A OOOD upright very cheap. M McAllister St.,
next Hlbernia Bank. BCHMITZ.
KNAfiE pianos: n<;w scale: new styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. 3n O-FarrMl st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without sucess; collections. G. \V.
HCWE. atty-at-law, 860 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
; ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
L. R. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
ket: ct;ngultati"n free; no fees In advance.
LEGAL. NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale lv partition— ln the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No. L
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Cause
No. 62.117.
Notice Is hereby given that under and In i
pursuance of the Interlocutory decree In par- j
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made ,
and given in the above-entitled court and
cause, -and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, 1898, duly entered of record therein,
by which said Interlocutory decree of said ;
court, the undersigned, U. H. Umbsen. was
appointed by consent In open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee In said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
real properly hereinafter described, and by
which said decree It was directed that said :
real property be sold at public auction In the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
such referee, will, on Monday, the lith day
of September. ISSS, at the hour of, twelve (1.)
o'clock m. at the real estate office and sales- ,
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14 \
Montgomery street. In the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, cell at
public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash in United States gold
coin and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, piece-, or par-
cels of real property situate, lying and being
In said City ai»l County of San Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: •• .
First— Con. at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line ot and front-
ing "on Minna street twenty-fly (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(80) feet thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (80) feet to .Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey as !a'.d down on the official map of the.
City and County of San Francisco, and being
i a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
I street with the westerly line of Octavla street,
running thence southerly along • said ■ line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
■ angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(S7 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
. and twelve (212). -
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen . (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street ; eighty (80) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(69 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and- parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (30) feet to the northwesterly line of
Minna street,' and thence at right angles
westerly along - the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet to the point of commencement,
• being a subdivision of the one hundred vara
lot number eight (8). -..,,-..,:
Fourth — Commencing at the northwest • cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (80)- feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez atreet one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114> feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty. (80)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
' the westerly line ■ of . Sanchez street . one . hun-
dred and fourteen- (114) < feet to . Duncan
street,- the point of commencement, together
with the -Improvements thereon. •
Terms and conditions of t sale: ■ Ten (10) per
' cent of the purchase price tf> be paid to : the
•referee on each parcel sold at the time of
' sale. : Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale ; by said : Superior. Court and
delivery of deed. '■' !■(.*•■- ■■■•/'- -?-* ""->-■ - --
r Dated this 19th day of August. 1 1898. '
■ O. H. UMBRHN.
Bole Referee Appointed by Paid Superior
Court.- "--"■' ■ .■.■-■■.-..■.'-.•■ ■•■■'-
DINKELfIPEIL A OKSFORD, •
Attorneys for Plaintiff. 'No." 805 Claus Spreclc-
„, el« Building, San 4 Francisco. - ' '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN, over 30. college education, fine
appearance and education, wishes to meet a
young educated good-looking Independent lady
or widow having her own unlncumbered farm;
matrimonially inclined, .j Box 52. Call.
LADY of charming personality and sweet dis-
position Independently wealthy, will appre-
ciate devoted, kind, loving husband. Count-
ees. 135 East Sixty-fifth St.. New York.
STRICTLY temperate, 6teady man of SI wishes
to act as nurse and companion for Invalid
gentleman: references. D., box 139^ CalK
PARTIES who saw lady thrown from Castro-
et. car Thursday night. August 25, at cross-
ing of Church and Market sts.. please send
address to 221 Church st. M. MURPHY.
A GREAT special glove sale will be held at
NEWMAN A LEVINPON'S. 12.1 Kearny st
this week; the celebrated $1 75 Magglonl kid
gloves will be sold for 85c j>er pair.
THE well-known Dr. Popper, specialist for all
kinds of disfigurements of the face, removes
permanently superfluous hair, freckles, moles,
tan clears the complexion." black worms,
pimples, scars, birthmarks and all kinds of
skin diseases, etc.. etc.; every case Is guar-
anteed and can bo treated through the mall.
Offices, 318 Kearny st.
MY up-to-date artists do only up-to-date hair-
dressing: my price, only 23c; hair restored to
Its natural color. $150 up: good switches, $1;
finest. $3 50: extra, $5. Open Sunday, 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st^
LEARN dressmaking and tailoring at Kels-
ter's; latest lmprored system; easy terms;
positions free; patterns to order. 118 McAllis-
ter st.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla promotes the growth of
the hair. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton at.
WILL any old miners of the early '50 s who
knew Morris Ingram 6r John Hanks, from
years '62 to '56. write to Mrs. Florence
Hover. Paducah. Ky.. or answer through
paper?
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 room*.
25c to $150 per ntght; $150 to $8 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenl!le-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. QEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MARRY; Nat. Matrimonial Club; private list.
2c; many worth $50,090. Box 1551. Denver, Colo.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC sealskin Jackets to order. $50.
MARX'S Fur Store. 957 Market st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS DR. FL'NKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Mnrket St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MATRIMONY.
CALL or send 12c for August marriage paper.
Address "Wedding Bell," 111 Ellis St., 6. F.
DRESSMAKERS.
SITTER. 426— Ladies' tailoring and dressmak-
ing; reasonable; country orders solicited.
CHILDREN'S dresses made; fitted at their
homes. Address !>., 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. Bit Market st.
MMX. GOLDSTEIN -Elegant, stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea.
true irlends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar- j
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted: travelers treated: no
delay self-cure sent: call or write; free; con- ,
fldentlal. MRP. M. DA VIES, 122S Market j
st.; pills. $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet'a capsules are guaranteed j
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects": tak*n in time It al^o acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by j
mall < % n receipt of nrlce: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 j
Grant aye.. S. F. A cuutlon— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us^ |
SELF-CURE ran be sent for female trouble;
no matter from what cause and how long
standing: every woman her own physician:
rt .«=tores always In one day; safe and sure; no
medicine or Instruments used: consultation
free; saves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1.
By the well-known ladles' physician, for 37
years. DR. POPPER, 31S Kearr.y St.
A TREATMENT that restores all case» of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; saf* and sure at all tlmts
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment: every case guarr-teed; consultation
free and confidential; self-cure, $5: pills. $1.
MRP DR. WYETH, 10S Turk St.. near Jones.
DR WISE, late of IJellevue Hospital. N. Y. ;
offices. Hackmelr Hotel. 123 Eddy st.; hours
t to 11, 2 to E and 6 to S: consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women:
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced attendants; strictest confidence
maintained in all cases: consultation free.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly IrreprulnVities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. J5: traveler* helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free: confidential.
MRS DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.
LADIES. Chlohester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brandi. best: safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for I.ndles" : letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
Dn and MRS. WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gate I
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best core and attendance; terms
• moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no <lan«er: safe cure: $2 50;
' expressed C. O. D. :. don't delay until too late.
OBGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement by a first-class
German midwife; infants adopted into good
homes. 515 Turk St., near Larkln.
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fall; j
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wls. j
LADIES mv monthly regulator cannot fall;. ,
box free. MRS.. B. ROWAN, Milwaukee. Win.
MRS. ACHARD. mldw"-- home In confine-
ment: confinement alone, $5. ' 156 Second st.
LADIEP— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 254- Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 1228 Market St., diseases of women
and children.
"storage^ ~J~
PIEIVcE^RT'DOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Tenth and Market: telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Star.
age Warehouse. «40 Mission St.: tel. Mint 1821.
I'HYSICIAN'S. .
' DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market: diseases of women a speclnlty.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
: Marriage licenses hove been issued as follows:
Mlchele Mnspoletti and Del Demart1n1.... '..25-16
Carl G. Carlson and Hannah B. Williams. 4B-39
Thomas .T. Klezer and Mnrguerltte Mu11er.. 35-21
j Pietro Robolll and Luigia Gave 10 ...... 2.',-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
HORX.
EII\CKKTT-Ir this city, August '25. IS9B, to
tVi" wife of Dr. G. F. Brackett, a son.
BRX'NER— In this olty. August 27, 1898. to the
wife of Henry S- Bruner. a son.
BT'CK— In this city, August 22. 1898. to the wife
oi E. A. Buck, a son.
CARR-In this city, August 21. 1898. to the
wife of D. 3. Carr. a son.
CONROT— In this city, August 22, 1898, to the
wife of John Conroy, a son.
DANIEL— In Frultvale, August 26. 1898. to the
wife of Thomas E. Daniel, a son.
DRISH— In this city, August 27. 1898, to the
wife of Ed DrlKh, a daughter.
FITZGERALD— In this city, August 4, IS9B, to
tbrt wife of James Fitzgerald, a son.
GI'DKLV-In this city, August 18, IS9S, to the
wifp of Kll J. Gudf-ly, a son.
HART— In this city, August 21, 1898, to the
wife of John P. Hart, a daughter.
JERVIR— In this city, August 22, 1898, to the
wife of James Jervis, a son.
McHUOH- In this city. August 14. 1898. to the
wife of Michael J. McHugh, a daughter.
MADSEN— In this city. August 11, 1898, to the
wife of Fred Madsen, a son.
PEASE— In this city, August 26, 1898. to the
wife of Thomas Pease, a son.
ROMAINE— In this city, August 26, 1898. to
the wife of Theodore K. Romalne, a son.
SCHULZ— In this city, August 16. 1898, to the
wife of E. G. Pcliulz. a son.
STOLL— In this city, August 25, 1898, to the
wife of A. H. Stoll a daughter.
WATERS— In this city. August 18, 1398, to the
wife of William W. Waters, a son.
WINN— In Berkeley, Cal., August 25, 1898, to
the wife of W. B. Winn. a daughter.
MARRIED.
CLASSEN— HOBE— In this city, August 3, 189S,
by the Rev. C. L. Miel, John W. Classen and
Augusta \V. Hobf.
MeOONMARK— BARTON— In this city. August
26. IS9B. by the Rev. J. Fuendellnr, John
McConmnrk of Albany. N. V., and Maggie
A. Narton of Run Francisco.
RENNEY— BROWN— In this city, August 28,
ISW. by tUe Rev. J. Fuendeling, John G.
H> nney ann 1 Ipahel Brown.
DIED.
Carter, Thomas Mclntyre, James B.
Collor. Katie Mahonpy, Kezlah
Coyne, Adelaide M. Musil, Joseph
Davis. ' Nellie M. Nelson, Peter
Dent, James A. - Ness. Tlllle _• ■
Dunn. Bartholomew O'Hanlon, Rev. <-•
Edwardsen. ; Mrs. H. Pardinl. Lvl £JJ o _
Fox. . James .H. Rudolphus. Mary
Fraaer, Irwdn W. Seyfried. Josefe _
Galvln. Joseph ' Sieb, Hermann C. .
Hasch, Helena . Stephens. John D. .
Henderson. : Margaret Valentine, vjm. 1. f
' Koch, ' Appolonla Warnhola, Margaret
Leacy, ; James • -
CARTER-In this city. August 26. 1898. Thomas
Carter, beloved brother of Martin Carter of
Newark. Alameda County. Cal.. a native ot
County Galway, Ireland, aged oS years and 9
months. Cy.% '*«_"* *!«-**•
m t?Tne funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Dlerks-& Maass, 957 Mission street.
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Prija"-
In Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit now-
COLIER-Ib Napa. Cal.. August' 23.. 1898.: Katie.
| beloved wife of C. C. Coller and moth" of
Charles W.. Elizabeth B. and Elsie M. Colier
a native of Germany, aged 46 years 10. months
and 17 days. (Buffalo and Bafavla, N. x.,
papers please copy.) „,.„,
IC?*Friendß and acquaintances are T p^Pt: 1
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors or
H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission street.^ Mis-
sion Masonic Temple. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. . „. ,O, OQ ~
COYNE— In Capitola, Cal.. August 24. 1898.
Adelaide M., beloved daughter of Dennis l and
-Margaret Coyne, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years 3 months and 12 days. >->»
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 621 Post street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral. , Van Ness avenue and'
O'Farrell street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be lelebrated tor the repose
of her soul, commencing, at 10 o clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. _ _
DAVIS-In this city. August 27. 1898. NeUie
Madeline Davis of Lovelock, Nev.. ' a native
of Nevada, aged 8 years 2 months and 11 days.
DENT-In this city. August. 27. 1898, James A.,
beloved son of P.. and the late. Mary Dent
and brother of Mrs. E. Allen and John, Alice
and Daisy Dent, a native of San Francisco,
aged 22 years. . -
DUNN— In this city. August 27. 1898. Bartholo- I
mew Dunn, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
EDWARDSEN— In this city. August 26, IS9B.
Mrs. Hanna S., wife of the late Alexander
Edwnrdsen. and beloved mother of Mollle
and Charlie Edwardsen, a native of Kongs ;
berg. Norway, aged 41 years 6 month* and is.
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 37 Jessie street, between First and
Second. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. j
FOX— In Oakland, August 26. 1898. James H..
• beloved husband of Mary Fox. and son of
Christopher and Mary Fox. a native of Dub-
lin. Ireland, aged 69 years. (New York and
Dublin papers please copy.)
ETFriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 7«4 Twenty-second street. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. ,--:-.;
FRASER— In this city, August 27, 1898, Irwln
W. Fraser. a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 15 days. '- ."-■-.■".
GALVIN— In this city. August 27. 1898. Joseph,
beloved son of Jeremiah and the late Mrs ■
J. Galvln, and brother of James. Daniel ana
Maggie Galvln. a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years and 7 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 502 Grove street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HASCH— In Piedmont Heights. Oakland. Au-
gust 27. IS9B, Helena, beloved wife of E. J.
Hasch, and mother of Mrs. F. Stolk. a na-
tive of Kurhessen, Germany, aged 03 years
11 months and 9 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Albert Brown. 46S Thirteenth street. Oakland,
under the auspices of Deutscher ■ Frauen
Vereln Red Cross Society. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
HENDERSON— In this city, August 26, 1898.
Margaret Pendergrass, beloved wife of H. C.
Henderson, and mother of Fred L.. Lucia,
Alice, Charles P. and Mollie Henderson, a na-
, tive of County Limerick. Ireland, aged 6?
years. (New York, Chicago and Milwaukee
papers please copy.)
KOCH— In this city, August 27. 1898, Appolo-
nla, beloved wife of the late Jacob D. Koch,
a native of Germany. . aged 64 years and 0
months.
. ITTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 22 Foil street. Strictly private. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEACY— In this city. August 26. 1898. James,
beloved son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Leacy, a native of New Zealand, aged 2S
yea
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at .1:30 .o'clock, from the.parlors
of Valente. Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
between Union and Green. - Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.. .! : "* . ~ . '. '
McINTYRE— In this city, August ' 27, 1598,
James Edward, dearly beloved son of John
and Annie Mclntyre. and grandson of James
Mclntyre and Hanora Taylor, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 days. . . •
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow '
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. ■40 Gilbert street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Bryant and Brannan. . Inter-
ment Mount Cal vary Cemetery.
MAHONEY— In this city. August 27, IS9B,
Kezlah Malioney, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 62 years. . .
MUSIL— the City and County Hospital, Au-
gust 27. IS9B. Joseph Musil, a native of Aus-
■ tria, aged 48 years.
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital.
Auguvt 27. IS9S. Peter Nelson, a native of Den-
mark, aged 47 years. •
NESS— In Altrurla, Sonoma County, August 24,
IS9B, Tlllle, beloved wife of Arthur Ness,
mother of Lillian Ness, beloved daughter of
Emll and Marie Kreni. and sister of Her-
mann. Emll, Rudolph and the late Arthur
Krenr., a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years 1 month and 5 days. ,
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), -at I :3t o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1235 York street, be-
tween Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. In-
terment Mount Olivet Ometerv.
O'HANLON— In San Diego, Cal., August 24,
.898. Rev. Cornelius O'Hanlon, a native of
Ireland, aged 67 years. . -, ^>.;
Notice of . funeral hereafter. S<
PARDINI— In this city, August 23, 1898, Lulgl
Pardlni,. beloved, brother of Francesco and
Massimino Pardlni. a native of Sant' Angelo
In Campo, Lucca, Italy, aged 44 years.
(C?"Fricn<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Garibaldi
Hall, 42? Broadway, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Galileo
Galilei Grove No. 37. U. A. O. D. N. B.—
On Sunday, Aug. 2S. there will be celebrated a
solemn requiem maps In St 9. Peter and Paul's I
Church, corner of Filbert and Dupont streets,
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of laccherl &
Baciralupl. 623 Broadway.
RUDOLPHUS— In : this city/. August 25, IS9B.
Mary, beloved wife of Albert Rudolphus, and
mother of Albert. Francis; Mamie, Harry,
' Ethel and the late Lawrence Ru.lolphus, a
-native of Boston. Mass.. aged 36 years.
E7"Frien'l« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday). at 1:30 o'clock. ■ from? the- parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
ptre»t. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SEYFRIED— Inthis cliy. August 27. IS9S, Jo-
sefe, beloved daughter of M. Seyfried. and
sister of Louisa. Frank. Otto. August and
Ernest Seyfri»>d, a native of Baden, Germany,
aged 10 years 6 months and 5 days. (In-
dianapolis, lnd.. Topers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence, l? 20 ' Harrison street, thence •to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and : L"aven-.vorth streets, ■ where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing ■; at .1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
SIEB— In this city, August 23. IS3S, Hermann
C. S!eb, a native of Germany, aged. U years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances arc 1 respect-
fully Invited to attend ; the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of
Fidelity Lodge No.' 222. I. O. O. F., .. from
Memorial Hull; Odd Fellows'. building, corner;
Seventh and .Market streets. -Interment Lav-
; rel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2C66 Mission street. Mis-
sion- Masonic Temple. : '
STEPHENS— In this city. August 27, 1898. John
Dixon Stephens; a native of Missouri, aged
72 yenrs 11 months and 4 days. »:
■' (C?" His - funeral - will -; be -, held • to-morrow
(Monday).- at 2 o'clock, from his late : resi-
dence of Woodland, under the auspices of the
. Masonic order. ■■■ . ■■'-- - . , ; - ■ "
VALENTINE— In Alameda, . August , 25, 1898,
William T. ; Valentine, a native of Indiana,
aged 59 years. -
Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
' fully, invited j to: attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at . 2 o'clock, ■..■: from Masonic . Ter-
n" ple, Alameda. ' Interment >; Mountain ' View
;• Cemetery. Oakland. , .; . '. ■:■ .'".'■
WARNHOLZ— In East - Berkeley, August : 25,
189 S. Margaret, dearly beloved wife of Henry
Warnholz. • mother >■■■ of. -• Marie. ■ George ..: and
Henry Warnholx. and sister of Henry Cordes.
Mrs. ' C. Melncrt. Mrs. G. Carr. Mrs. C.
Trost and- Paul and John Cordes, a native of
. Cnmpl, Hanover, Germany, aged 38 years and
' 9 months. " v ■ ;
. n^TFriendß and acquaintances are respect-.
; fully * Invited to attend -: the i funeral ■ this ; day
(Sunday) at ' 2 ' o'clock, : from her late resi-
dence. ,2216 Blake street, East Berkeley.. , In-
terment Mountain -.View , Cemetery. : -. ?, StS t :* :
I""' "aTcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMISALMER9B
20 FIFTH ST., op? Lincoln Bcho»i. -f; ; |
■'■'-'* ■ Telephone^South ■ 80. ■ M^' -—^J-
JAB.VKNGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND KM BALM ERA ; ;
r. FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
• 41 Van .Nt» s »ye., near "* Uarnat : at..- Baa
Pranclsco. Ttlcphona 80. 15*.
FATHER -YORKE
IN DEFENSE OF
THE SISTERS
Denounces Traducers
of Their Calling.
COWARDS INSULT WOMEN
WARNED AGAINST CLAIM OF
MARGARET SHEPHERD. •
The Catholic Champion Scores the
"Escaped Nun" and Extols the
True Daughters of the
Church.
To the Fair-minded People of the City
of San Francisco: It is with the deepest
feelings of shame and indignation that I
am compelled by duty to ftail your atten
tion to the Insult offered the Catholic
people, of this city by this morning's
Chronicle and Examiner. I am ashamed
that American men could have fallen so
low as to further a campaign of calumny
against American women. The managers
of the Chronicle and the Examiner knew
what manner of creature Slargaret Shep
herd was. You know what manner of
women the sisters of the Catholic church
are. The managers of the Chronicle and
Examiner have garbed a common wanton
from England in the sacred robe of a Sis
ter of Charity. From their columns thla
morning her leering face looked out to in
sult us with charges than which nothing
more deadly could be devised against the
honor of men and the virtue of women.
While the managers of these papers have
been pocketing the price of Shepherd's
shame, while the unfortunate creature
herself is pouring out her slanders to her
dupes, thirty sisters of the Catholic
church in the pestilential environs of
Santiago are smoothing the pillows and
bathing the brows of American soldiers
whom the yellow fever has laid low. It is
a shame, an indelible disgrace that
American men and American papers
should Join with a shameless vagrant to
asperse the name of these absent hero
ines and to cast mud upon a garb that is
one of humanity's most glorious boasts.
But indignation is even stronger than
shame. We have in this country lib
erty of speech; but liberty Is not li
cense. No man would dare to proclaim
publicly in this town that Protestant wo
men were all Immoral. Should any man
do so the daily papers would flay him
alive. Many a time and oft the arm of
husband or brother has written liar on
the cowardly hi'le of less guilty sland
erers and the world has applauded their
act. Hut it would seem that in the
eyes of the managers of the Chronicle
and Examiner Catholic women are a
class apart. A convicted swindler can
accuse them of every crime under tV ie
sun and the columns of the Chronicle
and Examiner are at her service. If
Catholic fathers, sons, brothers, hus
bands resent these slanders against
those who are nearest and dearest to
them, they are accused of stifling free
speech. Liberal minded men will never
consent that there should be one meas
ure for us and another for those who
defame us. Our nature is not different
from the nature of our fellow citizens
of other creeds. We have the same
parts, the same passions, the same affec
tions. Love Is as strong in our souls,
Injustice as bitter. Are we, then, to
grand by with folded arms while the
Chronicle and the Examiner wound us
in our holiest, tenderest feelings?' Fel
low citizens, we should be worthy of
every evil thing that might be said of us
were we to leave such an insult unre.
bilked.
Ye know who and what we are. We
are not wandering strangers, staggering
drunken from Jail to Jail. Our homes are
here, our lives are known to you; we are
part and parcel of this commonwealth;
we do not shirk our burdens; we do our
full duty to the State.
Against us comes this woman leaning
on the arms of the managers of the
Chronicle and the Examiner; and who is
she?
By her own confession tind by the let
ters of such personages as W. T. Stead
of the Review of Reviews and Florence
E. Booth of the Salvation Army we know
the following facts:
1. The woman who now calls herself
Margaret L. Shepherd has passed under
the names of Miss Douglas, Georginia
Parkyn. Mrs. Westly, Miss Probyn,
Louisa Egerton. Margaret Herbert, Mrs.
Riordan. Isabella Marron, Adelaide, and
Miss Truetitt.
2. She represents herself variously as
the daughter of a British officer in India,
of a soldier, of Lord Archibald Douglas,
of Solicitor Truefitt and of others.
H. She is a bigamist and has two, prob
ably three, husbands living.
4. Sho was never a sister or nun.
5. She is a notorious liar.
6. She has been a common wanton, a
swindler, a forger, a confirmed drunkard,
and has been several times convicted of
various crimes and sentenced to terms of
imprisonment.
7. She has been confined in Hoxten
Lunatic Asylum. England.
S. She was an inmate of the House of
the Good Shepherd, Arno's Vale. Bristol,
where she was placed for reformation.
9. Afterward she was taken by the Sal
vation Army in England while leading a
life of shame and the Army found her ut
terly incorrigible and disreputable and
had to cast her off.
10. In nearly every place she has been
she has left unpaid debts for accounts
run and money borrowed.
11. She is In the cause of slandering
Catholics for money.
12. Even the Apaists In the East and in
Canada were compelled to cast her off.
This is the character of the woman
whom the Chronicle and Examiner have
set before the people of San Francisco in
the garb of a sister of cha»ity. The evi
dence which sustains these accusations
was in the hands of the editors of those
papers several days ago. Therefore they
cannot plead ignorance. They knew what
they were doing and they believed that
the time had come to forget the lessons
of the past few years and revive the war
upon Catholic men.
I may in conclusion ask our non-Cath
olic fellow-citizens one question. There
are many converts from Protestantism to
Catholicism. Did you ever hear of a con
verted Protestant lecturing about the
iniquity of Protestant churches or about
the immorality of Protestant women? A
true convert is not so minded, and were
I a hypocrite to undertake such a campaign
Catholics would be the first to protest
against such a desecration of the Catholic
i name.
To all liberal-minded men and women
let me offer this word of advice. The
Shepherd woman is here with a manager
• and their sole object is to make money.
! Keep away from her hall, keep away
1 from the approaches thereto, let there be
I no word or sign to give her the chance to
raise the cry that she is persecuted. Thoy
that love dirt, obscene Dirds, may glut
themselves at her meetings. No others
would be seen entering her doors. Where
the carrion is there shall the kites be
gathered together.
And If any one should not know what
! Catholic women are. let them go to the
: soldiers who are waiting their country's
! call at Camp Merritt, "Camp Miller or
Camp Barrett. Let him inquire there what
these Catholic ladies are doing day in
and day out for the boys in blue without
fee and without reward. While a mer
cenary adventuress is using the Chronicle
and the Examiner to slander them for
i hire they are like the master they worship
I quietly and unostentatiously doing good.
Oh. it"is a cruel thing that men should be
found to offer even the shadow of an in
sult to these angels of God on earth.
Yours truly. PETER C. YORKE.
Northern Pacific Hallway.
--' First-class \ rate as well ; as second - class ■• re
duced 75 per cent to all points in Montana. Min
nesota and the | Eastern States. Elegant serv
ice.' 5 dining cars on every train.' 1 ; Only ■ line oper
ating /through 'upholstered' tourist .cars.-, T. K.
STATELER. O. A.. 63S Market St., S. P. : .
.■:- -".i^:-' — "": : ' >"» ».: :. '.. ;">'-:.-■ -
.Advances made furniture and pianos, with
j or without ! removal. J. N~>onan, 1017-1023 Mission.
- - \ ' ...-.• ' ■ \" '■•■_.__ ■- -■•
General, Sir Evelyn Wood.
SIR EVELYN WOOD Says:
"Regarding the infantry marching in the recent
manwuvers, it was the best seen during my command
|at Aldershot. Many officers availed themselves of the
tonic and reconstituent properties of the well-known
Mariani Wine, the most certain as well as the most
palatable method of inducing resistance to fatigue/
From "The London Sketch."
Martanl TVlne ts indorsed by more than 8000 American phyrieians. It is of especial valu»
In cases of Neuralgia, Nervous Debility. Muscular Relaxation. Mental and Physical Depres-
sion and Exhaustion, Overwork or Overstrain. Insomnia, Headache, Nervous Dyspepsia. Loss
of Arpe'lte Emaciation and Consumption; it builds up the vital forces and Is a powerful re-
Juvenator. "it rives strength to the nervous system, firmness and elasticity to the muscles,
and richness to the blood. It benefits all ana injuries none.
EOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN
MARIANI WINE MEANS SALVATION
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS,
SPECIAL OFFER— To all who write mentioning the SAN FRANCISCO
■ CALL, we send a book containing portraits and indorsements of E.l-
PERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES, CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS end other
distinguished personage's.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
tarl.— 4l Boulevard Haussman; London-U Mortimer Street; Montreal- .3-30 Ho-pltal Street.
FREIGHT RATE
ON GRAIN BAGS
WILL BE BEDUCED TO POUSTTG
xN COLORADO.
The Beduction Made to Meet the
Schedule Put Into Effect by
Initial Lines at New
Orleans.
■
General Freight Agent A. D. Shepard j
has announced that the Southern Pacific 1
Company will reduce the freight rate on j
grain bags from San Francisco to Den- j
vor. The present rate is 52 2-10 cents per !
100 pounds, and the new rate will be |
42Vi cents. This fate will be the same I
as that now in effect from New Orleans
to Denver. The rate formerly from here j
to Denver was S5 cents, and from New !
Orleans to Denver 52 2-10 cents. When I
the Southern Pacific Company announced
their intention some time ago that they
would reduce their rate to meet the
62 2-10 rate of the initial lines at New
Orleans, the latter threatened to make
a further cut to 42^ cents, and both re-
ductions were consummated. Now the
Southern Pacific will put in effect the
42' i cent rate to Denver as soon as the
legal details of notification to the Inter
state Commerce Commissioners can be
complied with.
'■The California grain bag Industry,"
said Mr. Sbepard, "has been laboring un
der a disadvantage for a long while. We
now intend to rectify the matter, if pos
sible. Empty grain sacks returned
from Liverpool have been imported via
New Orleans and shipped to Denver at
42% cents, while the grain sacks made in
California and those imported from In
dia paid the 52 2-10 cent rate to Den
ver. When we made the latter rate to
meet that of the New Orleans roads the
latter protested and cut the rate to 42V4
cents, which we will now also put into
effect. Whether the other roads will
make a further reduction I am unable to
say. The distances from here to Denver
and from New Orleans to Denver are
practically the same, and I have all along
maintained that where the distances and
the commodities are equal there should
be equality of rates. The port of New Or
leans serving Colorado is no more enti
tled to all the business than is San Fran
cisco, and we shall insist on a parity of
rates."
BAILBOAD REPORTS.
They Are Being Filed Slowly With
the Commissioners.
The railroads of this State are some
what tardy In filing/ their reports with
the Commissioners, although Mr. Hlnton
has made a personal appeal to all of
them to turn in their statements as
quickly as possible so as to conform to
the law. It is expected that the larger
and more Important lines will have their
reports ready by next week.
The last report filed was that of the
Pajaro Valley Railroad Company, the
directors of which are Claus Spreckels,
John D. Spreckels, John L. Koster. Sam
uel Susman and W. C. Waters. The to
tal cost of construction and equipment
up to June 30. 189 S. has b.en $395.719 60 or
at the rate of $16,823 61 per mile. The
gross earnings for the fiscal year end
ing on that date were $87,600 09, of
which $1493 25 were passenger and $86,
108 84 freight earnings. The total operat
ing expenses amounted to $39,105 01, thus
leaving a net income of $48,496 08.
The Visalia and Tulare Railroad show
gross earnings of $R573 91. and operating
expenses of $5734 99, leaving a net income
of $2838 92 for the year.
Acquitted of Murder.
The charge of murder "William
Harrison, a painter, was dismissed by
Judge Conlan yesterday on the ground
that the death of James Burns, whom
Harrison was accused of killing, was ac
cidental. The two men were friends, and
attended a dance in a hall on Masonic
aveune and Geary street Saturday night,
August 20. While in the dressing room
Burns pulled a revolver out of his pocket
and during a friendly scuffle for posses
sion of the weapon it exploded and Burns
was fatally wounded.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE DOCTORS THAT CURE."
THE ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
Have been established for 26 years. Their
staff is composed of five physicians and sur-
geons, all specialists and all graduates from
the best medical colleges in the world. They
are incorporated under the laws of California
for $250,000 and have the largest and best
equipped institution of the kind in the United
States.
Among the diseases they cure are the follow-
ing: Bright' a Disease, all other Diseases of th*
Kidneys. Diseases of the Bladder and Kindred
Organs; Liver, Spleen, Spine, Bowels, Heart,
Stomach, Eyes, Ear; Skin and . Nerves. Also
Impoverished Blood. Blood Poison and. Scrof-
ula: Catarrh. Tonpllltis, Consumption, Bron-
chitis, Asthma and other Lung- 1 Troubles ; Tu-
mors. Deformities," Insomnia, Melancholia, Pa-
ralysis, Rupture, Dysentery, Dyspepsia, Neu-
ralgia, Rheumatism, -Stiff and Swollen Joints:
Female Complaints, including Ovarian Trou-
bles; Piles. Fistula,- Obesity. Ring Worm. Goi-
ter: Tobacco, . Opium. ■: Cocaine and Liquor
Habit; Headache, Erysipelas. Gout, Tape
Worm. Biliousness, Dropsy, Gall Stone, Ec-
zema, Freckles, Blackheads, Cancer, . etc.; and
Chronic , Diseases p generally.
The two Surgeons who compose a part of the
staff perform . surgical operations when neces-
sary. -■! •■■'■'-■. '< . ■:: ■■-■■
If you are ailing seriously or have a symp-
tom consult these eminent doctors.
- ADVICE FREE at office or by mall.
FREE BOOK for men or women and treat! s«
on any disease; ■; Call ' or address
ENGLISH AND GERM SPECIALISTS,
;! 1731l 731 Market St., San Francisco. Cat.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours » to 12—1 to 5
dally. Evenings 7 to S; Sundays 9 to 11.
& visit DR. JORDAN'S «*••*
£#8i Museum of Anatomy
I ftfra\ 1051 Sf ABXET ST. bet. 6ti 4 7ti, B. F. 0»L
8 &3&Z. H " «>• Largest of ita kind loth? IForld.
I^^ \ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
' »\l VW H fcX ' C""'* l **"* 0 **•••" ■*■**«• tor Book ."■■ ■
>!v J of Carriage.
'». ■» - : MAILED FRCC.
'■•. ■ Rad way' s : Ready. Relief ; for Spra'.na.' " Bruises,
Sore ' Muscles, ■.Cramps,; Burns. ■ Sunburns, Back-
ache, : Headache.". Toothache, Rheumatism, . N'au. - :
ralgia. Lumbago. Internally " for all Bowel '
Pains. •Colic, •Diarrhoea. Dysentery, ;■ ChoUr*
Morbus and Slcknesa. Nausea. . ate All dm*-ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FIGHT FOR A
BIG ESTATE
Crave Charge Against
the Executors.
A LEGAL WILL DESTROYED
TESTATOR IS SAID TO HAVE
BEEN IMPRISONED.
Decedent Was Paralyzed and too
Weak to Have Executed the
Will of Recent
Date.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 27.
John Schneider and George Metzger,
.contestants to the probate of Cbrlatoph
Streitberger's will, made last April, and
petitioners for the probate of the will of
April 3, 1594, to-uay through their attor
neys, J. EL Smith and George do Golia,
filed amended objections to the probate of
Ihe first-named will. They also filed a
copy of the alleged will of "1)4, in which
Andrew Krueckel and William Cron Jr.
■were subscribing witnesses and Schneider
and Metzger named as executors.
By the provisions ol the will of '94 the
last-named were bequeathed a reasonable
commission for their time and labor ex
pended in settling up said estate, which
consisted of money in various banks to
the credit of deceased of about $185,000
and real estate of about $20,000.
. tr thai this will was in
Their possession for several years and
[uently delivered tc Streitberger,
who by reason of the confidence reposed
in D. Bruns and Thomas F. Graber, and
about April 13, 1888, confided the
:r- of s:tld will to Rruns and Graber,
■ her with other papers; that since
i hey have been informed that the
as been destroyed and, if so, that
■ was .destroyed at the Instigation aiid
the influence and direction of saUi
9 and Graber."
They contend that the will datetl April
-. was not the last will and testi
because it was not signed by Strelt
■ or any person in his presence, for
that at such time testator wss
md mind end was incompetent
mike, execute and publish any will.
-tarts further allege that" on April
v Streitberger was 60 years of age,
ihout one year prior thereto he had
paralyzed, from which he never re
•>l, and that he labored under
tge hallucinations, believing that un
known persons were desirous of killing
that during said year deceased re
sided at the home of D. i.runs where he
was induced to remain, owing to his en
d condition; that despite deceased
was a member of theGernmn Hospital As-
Uon, where he repeatedly requested
to be taken, said Bruns in conjunction
with Graber caused him to be taken to
a private hospital, to be there confined
and restrained against his wishes, with
out notice to contestants or his friends,
preventing him, moreover, from seeing
any of these. Furthermore that deceas
ed Jifgrged a friend to send for Schneider
and Metzger, who, when they called at the
private hospital, were refused admission;
arid that for the purpose of causing
fitreitberger to revoke the will of 1594.
Pruns fraudulently represented that con
testants did not cnre for him any longer.
fstants also charge Bruns and Gra
ber with inducing deceased to pay $25,
000 for a ranch in Teharaa County that
Ot worth over $uO3O.
Contestants pray that the court take
proof of the execution and validity of the
will of April ?,. 1894, and establish its va
lidity, and that the will of April I
be denied probate; and that if the first
named will be not produced, or it shall
be proved that the same was destroyed
prior to the death of testator, that it be
adjudged and decreed that the same was
fraudulently destroyed. The matter will
he heard before Judge Ellsworth next
Monday.
DEATH CAUSED BY
A SEVERE SHOCK
MRS. HELEN HASCH NEVER
RALLIED FROM IT.
The Sight of a Little Boy Falling
From a Balloon a Year Ago
Sealed Her Doom.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— Mrs. Helen
Basch, wife of E. J. Hasch of Piedmont
Heights, died this morning after a pro
longed illness, the direct result of a se
nervoua shock sustained about a
"year ago.
The nervous strain was experienced on
the occasion of the horrible death of a
little boy who fell from a balloon at
Blair Park. The lad, as will be remern
• I. ■!■<•<]. <-aught hold of a rope attach'-U to
the balloon, and after being carried up a
considerable distance was compelled to
let go.
Mrs. Hasch at the time of the accident
was fitting on her front porch, and the
boy was dashed to death on the ground
directly in front of her.* The sight proved
too miich for her, and she was carried
Into the house a physlcaj wreck. She
gradually failed until death ensued. De
cpasßd km a native of Germany, aged S3
and leavos nnp daughter, Mrs. F.
• St"lk of San Franrl«<co.
Funeral of J. S. Wall.
OAKLAND. Aug. 27.— Arrangements
have been made to hold the funeral of the
late Jesse S. Wall from the family resi
dence, 829 Oak street, next Monday morn
ing at 10 o'clock.
ADVEBTISEMENTB.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Disoavers a
Rumarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
. Medi«tl Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured no many men who had battled for
• years against the nx-ntal and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
" tute has decided to distribute free trial
• packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
■from youthful folly, premature loss of
• strength and memory, weak back, varico-
rele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and feems to act direct
' to the desired location, giving strength
,nd development ju«t where it is needed.'
•A cure* all the ills and trouble* that
rome from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
■cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medial Institute, I*3 Fir*t National Baak
: Building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you Sre one of their free trial pack-
Bees will be compiled with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be tre-ited and the free sample will en-
able them to sf-e "how easy it U to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The Jn-
te makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that Its' recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
WANT TO SEE
THE DOCTOR
Dr. Ross Is Desired by
His Late Landlady.
FRIENDS ARE IN THE LURCH
A LARGE ACQUAINTANCE, BUT
SMALL FUNDS.
Now Believed He Is on His Way
to Manila to Prescribe for the
Soldiers and Insur
gents.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
S>OS Broadway, Auf. 27.
A few months ago a very fashionable,
middle-aged physician, giving the name
of Dr. A. Ross, engaged rooms at the
Plea«anton Hotel. Thirteenth and Wash- :
ington streets. The doctor also opened '■
offices in the Macdpnough block, but :
seemed to have more friends than pa- j
tients. Now the doctor Is missing, and not
a trace of him can be found by those who
have an interest in him, or by anybody ,
Mrs. Robinson, the landlady of the
Pleasanton. listened for three months to
the doctor's plausible stories of foes that
would soon be collected, with which he |
could pay his board bill, and now she .
wishes she had not been so patient.
For a few d;iys the doctor has not been ■
seen. Friends have called on him. but he
was not there to receive them. Many or
these friends were ladies, and It is said |
that Row has been twice divorced, has
another divorce case pending In some
court, and was paving the way to make
another matrimonial venture.
When the landlady became convinced !
that the doctor was neither occupying his
rooms nor doing business at his offices
she made an examination of his quar
ters, and found enough to convince her
that her guest had permanently forgotten
his board bill. In his rooms were a few old
pans and a kettle of no value, and the
general appearance of everything showed j
that he did not intend to return.
While the doctor was In Oakland he
made much headway in certain circles, ■
but it is now found that his credit was
not so good as it was thought to be. Many
people would like a reckoning, and some
of them have taken possession of the bits
of personal effects found In the room, but i
have given the landlady notice that they I
do not intend to be responsible for his
delinquencies. It has been reported to \
Mrs. Robinson that Dr. Ross has gone to ,
Manila, but there is no proof of this state
ment. ________________
WERE DASHED DOWN
AN ELEVATOR SHAFT
VERY RAPID FLIGHT TB.OJL
THE THIRD STORY.
Samuel Guilford and L. Butterfleld,
Two Workmen, Miraculously
Escape From a Dreadful
Deatn.
Oa-.LAND, Aug. 27.— Fred 14. Butter
field and Samuel Guilford had a thrilling
experience on a runaway elevator this
morning, miraculously escaping death.
The accident occurred in the new Tint
building, 511 Thirteenth street, where both
men were employed in moving E. R.
Tutt's business stock.
According to their story, they were
carrying three ladders up to the last floor
by the elevator, -^s the elevator ap
proached the top floor with its burden and
the men were about to stop its upward
flight, the car suddenly started to drop.
There was nothing to grasp but the hand
rope. Mr. Buttertield made a lunge for it,
but by this time the elevator was going
downward so rapidly that his» hand was
severely burned, and he was compelled
to release his hold. Then the car dashed
down the three stories into the bsfe
ment with a noise that attracted tha at
tention of all other workmen about the
p!a>-fc.
Guilford was lying on the floor of the
car stunned, his face bleeding. At the
Receiving Hospital he underwent the s< t
ting of several fractured bones and his
left great toe had to be amputated. But
terflpl'.l was more fortunate. His iniu
ries were not so serious. The former is
a married man, residing at 419^ Tenth
street. Both men are doing nicely and
their injuries are not considered fatal.
An invKtigatlon showed that the safety
pins that check the tall of the elevator
were defective. The elevator la an old
hydraulic affair and was moved to tho
new place from the former store.
GOOD FELLOWS TO
MARRY OR BANQUET
NUMBER ONE TO CABBY OUT
HIS PLEDGE AT ONCE.
The Remaining Eleven to Draw Lots
to Determine Which Shall Be
the Next Victim in the
Game.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 27.
Six years ago twelve young college men
at Berkeley formed themselves Into a
club which they called the "Good Fellow
Club." For several years after leaving
the university the Fellows met at regu
lar intervals to enjoy jinks at some secret
spot. Four months ago the young men
decided that with advancing years it was
Incumbent on them to take a more se
rious view of life than to consider it as fit
only for Jollification. They determined to
furm a marriage bureau, and lots were
drawn numbered from 1 to 12. The man
who drew the first number was either to
be married within eight months or treat
the club to a great banquet. Succeeding
numbers were to be similarly placed be
tween a marriage and a banquet in suc
ceeding periods. At the first drawing
Fred B. Brown of East Oakland drew
No. 1. Yesterday he sent to the club a
formal notice that he had complied with
tho requirements, and invited the eleven
members to be at his wedding banquet at
Lot Angeles on September 13.
The remaining members are: Joseph
B Garber, Ed J. Pringle, Edward J.
Haas H. S. Allen, Edward Shanklin,
Robert T. McKlsick, Carlton W. Green,
Burbank G. Summers, George L. Blood,
Charles Turner and Brooks Palmer.
Captain Car.son Very 111.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— Captain Frank
Canon of the Police Department is a very
sick man at his home on Nineteenth
street He hRs been ill since last Tues
day and was reported worse to-day. He
Is suffering from intestinal troubles, and
it is fearfdthat he will have a long siege.
Sergeant John Morrison is acting as night
police (Hiring Carson's illness.
Holiness Camp Meeting.
OAKLAND, Augr. 27.— A camp-meeting
under the auspices of the Pacific Coast
Holiness Association will be held at Beu
lah Park commencing September 1, and
closing on the 12th. The former leader
Rev George Newton, will have charge. It
is expected that a great many of the old
time attendants at the association's
gatherings will be present.
Spain and Uncle Sam.
OAKLAND Aug. 27— Professor Thomas
R Bacon of the State University will de
liver a free lecture at the First Presby
terian Church next Tuesday evening, on
th» Biihiflot "Spain and the United
Sates "The lecture will be under the
auspices of the Men's League.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
PLANS NOW
IN BRUSSELS
Progress of the Hearst
University Scheme.
CHOICE OF ONE HUNDRED
MBS. HEARST TO LEAVE FOR
THE BELGIAN CAPITAL.
The Five Lucky Architects Will
Come to Berkeley to Perfect
Their Labors at Her
Expense.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 27.
The preparations for arranging a plan
for making the Berkeley University the
most unique and perfect in the world are
being pressed as rapidly as circumstances
will permit. The first stage has been
reached, and the preliminary competitions
that were Invited are now at Brussels.
According to the terms upon which the
competition is to proceed, as outlined by
the advisers of Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst,
the 100 architects selected all over the
world to submit plans are to have their
designs at Brussels by July 15 of this
year. Word haß been received that these
plans are ready to be opened by the
judges, and In a few weeks the result
will be made known.
Mrs. Hearst will leave in six weeks for
the Belgian capital, and Regent J. B.
Relnstein wlil also be present, he being
one of the judges. The board that will
pass on the designs will consist of twelve
of the beet known men in Europe, compe
tent to decide on such matters. These
Judges will select from the 100 designs the
five which they consider the best in
every respect. The architects who have
submitted the five accepted designs will
then come to Berkeley at the expense of
Mrs. Hearst, and will survey the uni
versity grounds, after which they will
perfect their plans and apply their origi
nal designs to suit the conditions at the
university site.
One year will be given them in which to
submit their completed plans and specifi
cations to the board of Judges, and from
these five plans will be accepted the one
which will be the basis for the mammoth
scheme originated by Mrs. Hearst.
"There is a general idea that this uni
versity scheme is smoldering," said one of
the professors to-day; "but such is not
the case. Mrs. Hearst is seeing that
everything is done to expedite matters,
and already more has been accomplished
than we supposed could have been done
in the time that has elapsed since the
great scheme was first mooted. \\ ithin
three months we expect to have the five
fortunate candidates at Berkeley perfect
ing the details. This contest has excited
general interest throughout the collegiate
world and has been the means cf drawing
much foreign attention to our State Uni
versity." _______________
CHEERED THE LADIES.
Five Hundred Manila-Bound Soldiers
Express Their Appreciation.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— The ladies of the
Oakland Red Cross Society, under the
able direction of Mrs. Requa. were re
warded for their work of serving 500
luncheons to soldiers who left on the
Scandia this morning. The bluecoats
cheered Mrs. Requa and her coterie of
assistants for their generosity. They
were high in their praises, and this mark
of appreciation Is considered by the ladies
an ample reward. The baskets were tied
with red, white and blue ribbons, and
each soldier received a tricolored fan as a
souvenir.
Among the Oakland guests on the Red Crois
Bt earner were: Mrs. Isaac Requa, Mr. and
Mrs. Mark Requa, Miss Jaegher*, Mrs. James
Moffltt. Mrs. E. B. Beck, Mrs. W. H. Bailey,
Mrs. J. M. Cushlng. Mrs. Veltch, Mrs. R. a.
Brown, Mrs. Everts. Mlns Florinne Brown,
Mrs J F Connors, Mls« Mollle Connor*, Miss
Harriet Mullen. Miss Lily Watt. Mrs. John
Britton, Mrs. Richard Derby and a large dele
gation from Berkeley.
IN HONOR OF A QUEEN.
Coronation of Wilhelmina, Queen of
Netherlands, to Be Observed.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— One of the most
peculiarly interesting entertainments
ever given in this city will take place at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Van Loben
Sels, 1305 Adeline street, next Wednes
day. It will be In the nature of a recep
tion given in honor of the coronation of
Wilhelmina, the young Queen of the
Netherlands.
Mr Van Loben Sels 1b the Consul from
Holland, which lends particular weight
and interest to the entertainment. Sev
eral hundred invitations have been issued
and distinguished representatives will bft
among the guests. The grounds are to
be brightly illuminated, and the evening
will be Bpent on the lawn beneath the
wide-spreading oaks.
A WATER-BRAIN SUITOR.
Silva Went Mad for Love of a Mere
Child.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— Samuel Silva, a
Portuguese, aged 25 years, and residing
In the Watts tract, was arreated on Cen
ter street early this evening and charged
with Insanity. The young man was with
out head covering, and was found kneel
ing In the middle of the street praying
fervently and loud that he might marry
the girl he loved. He is said to be in
fatuated with a girl aged 13 years, who
resides near the Watts tract. Her parents
refused to allow him to marry or court
her and this, It is said, destroyed his rea
son He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital.
DISTRACTED PAHENTS.
Gamerston Family Visited Twice
This Week by Death.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— For the second
time within the past week death haa vis
ited the Gamerston family, corner of But
ler street and Lowell avenue, in the an
nexed district.
Only a few days ago Marguerite, aged 6
years, died of diphtheria, and yesterday
Helen, aged 2 years and 7 months, passed
away from the same dread disease. A
third child is now down with the disease,
and the parents are almost distracted
with grief over their sad affliction. This
afternoon the third was reported to be
resting easily and some hopes are enter
tained of Its eventual recovery.
Generous Walter Morosco.
OAKLAND. Aug. 27.— Walter Morosco
entertained the little ones of the West
Oakland Orphans' Home to-day in royal
style at his beautiful home, "Geranium
Place," Fruitvale. The children and the
teachers were driven to the place in Mr.
Morosco's fine equipages. The little one 3
had the freedom of the entire grounds,
and were served with dainty refresh
ments There were alpo games and music
and antics by a band of Indians. The af
fair will not soon be forgotten by tho
homeless waifs. Mr. Morosco was assist
ed In receiving his little guests by Mr. and
Mrs. Perrine, Mrs. Harry M. Bishop and
others.
Watson's Appeal Dismissed.
OAKLAND, Aug. 27.— A stipulation was
filed in the alinfony suit of Almlra F.
Watson to-day that the appeal of the de
fendant to the Supreme Court from an or
der compelling him to pay alimony to the
plaintiff be dismissed. This is the case in
which an Alameda deacon figured.
NOTHING IN IT.
Electric Railway Officers Deny the
Drawbridge Story.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 27.~The electric rail
road officials strenuously deny that there
Is any truth in the report that the draw
bridge was left unlocked one evening this
week and that an electric car was in con
sequence thrown from the track, as pub
lished in a morning paper. The electric
road managers have no Interest in the
management of the bridge except to see
that it is kept In good order and safely
cared for, and they would be the first to
report any dereliction in this direction.
Furthermore, in case of a car running off
the track, the employes are obliged to re
port it at headquarters, but no such re
port has been made.
A BAD RUNAWAY.
iiorses Frightened by an Engine at
Park Street Crossing.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 27.-Laat evening Mrs.
M. Schmidt, a wealthy lady living at
Fruitvale, was driving In Alameda and at
tempted to cross the broad-gauge track
at Park street. A train had just come In
and the engine was switching. The cars
obstructed the view of the engine, and
the coachman drove on the track Just as
the locomotive was nearing the crossing.
To avoid being run over he made a quick
turn which upset the vehicle and threw
him and Mrs. Schmidt to the ground. The
lady was painfully but not seriously cut
about the head and bruised on the body.
The coachman was aleq injured, while the
team ran away and wrecked the carriage.
Mrs Schmidt is positive that the accident
was the fault of the flagman stationed at
the crossing, and says he gave no Warn
ing whatever of the coming engine. She
also says that this is the second accident
she has had from a similar cause.
Funeral of F. L. Denett.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 27.-The body of Fred
L Denett, who was drowned early this
week in the Sacramento River, near Red
ding, arrived In this city to-day and the
funeral services were held this afternoon
at an undertaking parlor. The interment
was in Mountain View Cemetery The
Denett family has had much misfortune
during the past year. The father died
about twelve months ago, and subsequent
ly a brother lost one of his legs from am
putation because of disease.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 27. -The funeral of the
late W. T. Valentine will take place at 2
o'clock to-morrow afternoon from the Ma
sonic Temple. It is expected there will be
a large attendance.
The Homing Pigeon "lub will meet this
evening to elect new officers, and prepara
tions will be made to take part in the
coming races from Red Bluff, the entries
for which will close next Saturday even-
Athenian Lodge of Modern Trojans will
give a cakewalk entertainment next Mon
day evening at Foresters' Hall.
The concert at the Unitarian Church for
the benefit of the Red Cross Society last
night under the management of Miss Eliz
abeth Westgate, was well attended and
proved a complete success.
Observatory Improvements Accepted
BERKELEY, Aug. 27.— The committee
on grounds and buildings of the board of
Regents of the University of California
met this afternoon and accepted the ad
ditions which have been made to the
students' observatory at Berkeley. The
improvements comprise two reading
rooms, and a private study for Dr. A. O.
Leuschner, the astronomer in charge.
The additions are only temporary until
the new observatory under the Phebe
Hearst architectural plan Is completed.
The present building is altogether In
adequate for the number of students
It has to accommodate.
Reception to Professor James.
BERKELEY, Aug. 27.— Professor and
Mrs. George H. Howison gave a recep
tion this afternoon at their residence on
Bancroft way in honor of Professor Wil
liam James of Harvard University, who
has come to Berkeley at the invitation of
the Philosophical Union of the Univer
sity of California. There were present
the members of the faculty at Berkeley
and the members of the Berkeley Club.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Aug. 27.— Little Paloma
Sehramm. the pianlste. will play before
a college audience in Shattuck Hall next
Monday night and Tuesday afternoon.
A reception to the freshmen class of
the University of California was given
last night in Stiles Hall by the Young
Men's and Young Women's Christian
Associations.
The list of the commissioned and non
commissioned officers who are to serve
for the coming year In the two battal
ions of the University Corps of Cadets
will be announced by the military de
partment of the university next Monday
morning. __^____^^____
Off to the Convention.
The delegates to the annual convention
of letter-carriers, to be held at Toiedo,
Ohio, next month, will leave this morn
ing, and a crowd of San Francisco and
Oakland boys will be at the Stxteentn
street station to see them oft. The dele
gates are taking with them several cases
of California wine, donated by the local
wine merchants. The delegation consists
of John F. O'Connor, James E. Cllshham,
Harry Logan, Conrad Treiber and George
W. Spiller. of this city, and William H.
Smith of Oakland. Mrs. George W. Spil
ler and Mies R. Treiber will accompany
them.
Advances made on furnltura and plano«. with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1028 Mission.
Few Chinamen Registered.
Registrar Biggy 1b authority for the
statement that less than a dozen China
men have registered for the coming elec-
tion.
"I do not yet know the exact number,"
said Mr. Blgsy to a Call reporter, "but I
think the total is about eight. The China
men do not seem to care much about vot
ing. JuHt enough of them register to show
the white people that they can vote If
they want to.
"Please Btate that the Registrar is now
ready to record transfers of residence on
the part of voters. The office will record
such until October 12."
ADVERTISEMENTS.',
TRY ITIFREE
CALTHOS
The Famous French Cure
for Weak Men
lvl TT WCIJML ITIIWII
An Honest Offer: by a
Reputable Company
Any man who js weak in the organs of true manhood can try I^W i--i J "^"S^33
Calthos, without paying a cent. All he has to do is to send us t^VSiL^J^S*!^
his name and address, and promise to give Calthos a fair trial. SisBP9|i«»
Then we will send enough of that medicine to last five days. We KB Wf": X^?^a[ - ;
will send it prepaid in a sealed package by mail. C-V^W^
Not a cent deposit will be asked. No one need go your security. &BffißflL>. ' /
No C. 0. D. scheme of any nature is connected with this offer. It j^gT^M^jfr }£~~:~ ~ : '
is just a plain, everyday business proposition made by the y^-w InSc^T^"^" \
Yon Mohl Co., of Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which is re- k/^ r'liGiaJ -C^C-O^
sponsible, reputable and honorable. Any resident of W^ c^Tf ' j j M"^\ V**^"""*
Cincinnati will tell you that this is true. -,, A^^^vV'iP TSjSc^ J\ \s NN.
We offer a free fiv 3 days' trial of Calthos y > "^^*S 11*^!ia \ VmV^
because we have faith in this great French /if .A L^o'vj^* V\V\ \ '
remedy of Prof. Jules Laborde. We know it y £* — > )\ P^'tA'jßk \\\ \\
cures Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Varico- C NJn; •** IV W-'*'-^Bm \\\\ \\
cele and Weakness of any nature in. the nerves \y* . r V^^^^^^mk'A / \
or sexual organs. We know it puts ginger \ —^^^VJ^fej^^^k V \
and ambition into tired-out' and disheartened \/\ V^^J^^lJH^ \ > r
men, and restores vigor and tone to the organs. 7 //(\ :^'^^!^^^\,
We know it brings back the power and sen- Uh J\!§&^/f ■ f v - '~~ x S-'Z v) \\
sations'that have been lost . through . bad .habits^//t-^———fj.-./ , J ■.■"'■< .W l\
■in youth, excesses, overwork or trouble. " f—',"[/*!f — ',"[/*! ■(■ \ ■'}••! i ! 1
Knowing these things, :, we are , sure ■ a <ffl" .S.j. | ' '• '". !■ SxU-l
man will ■be willing to purchase more C«l thos ■*&" . ••  _;. ./^"'^aiii^i^-^.^ sJ y-^
to complete his cure when he sees how much A •>• c<^4 I-
younger and better and stronger he feels after / . ,/ ; /.. , <l %:Ji—
using the five days' free treatment."'. That is how we expect to get back what we lose in
giving away the five days'; free treatment. It is just a plain business proposition. Nothing
less or more. ' ; : .\
! Calthos is a real. cure. It is the only known cure for lost manhood. It should not
be confounded with any other treatment, because there is nothing like it anywhere. 'If you
have tried other medicines; and been swindled and insulted by disreputable men, don't do us
an injustice by classing us with them. Our reputation is well established, and it is a good
reputation. Our Calthos stands on-its merits. It does/what we claim for it every tim«.
: r." No names are ever published by us. Every letter is preserved in strict confidence. In
writing for the free five days' treatment you rest assured that /no one will ever know
about it but you and us. Send to-day . . •; The longer sexual weakness continues the longer it
takes to cure it. Address THE YON MOHL CO., Cincinnati, Ohio, the
_argest importers of standard preparations in the United States.
ADMISSION DAY
PREPARATIONS
What the Native Sons
Are Going to Do.
THE DAUGHTERS ARE HELPING
A VOICE PROM THE CITY OF
THE CELEBRATION.
An Outline of What Some of the
Organizations Have Decided
Upon for the Day and
Evening.
There was a large attendance of dele
gates in Balboa Hall, Native Sons' build-
Ing, last night to attend to the business
of the 9th of September celebration by
the Native Sons.
The exempt fire company by letter ex
pressed regrft at being unable to accept
the invitation to participate In the cele
bration at San Jose.
The hotel committee reported that sat
isfactory arrangements had been made
C. D. STEIGER, Treasurer of the Joint Cele
bration Committee.
for accommodations for those who may
visit San Jose during the celebration.
Treasurer Charles D. Steizer stated
that he had made arrangements to have
tickets on sale on the night of the Bth
of September at Fourth and Townsend
and at the ferry on this side, and at
Broadway station, Oakland, on the morn
ing of the 9th. He stated also that
tickets could be had at his office, at 350
Main street, from this time on.
The music committee reported the fol
lowing rates for music: For parade only,
$7 per man; escort to ferry and parade
only, $9 per man; escort to the ferry, play
in parade and playing at headquarters
till 5 o'clock in the afternoon, $11; escort
to ferry, escort to headquarters and play
ing at headquarters until midnight, $15;
for half an hour, $2 50 per man; one hour,
$3 50 per man. In tuch case double price
for the leader.
Dr. Ga^ton, grand marshal of the cele
bration in San Jose, gave an account of
what is bt;ing done in that city for the
celebration. He dwelt particularly on the
grand ball that would be given in the
hall In which the flower show was re
cently held. He promised that it would
be one of the most attractive features
of the celebration. As to the clam bake
he announced that It would be prepared
by a professional from Coney Island.
El Dorado Parlor will keep open house
at the Auzerais and present a tirst-class
entertainment such as was given by it
four years ago in San Jose. The members
of Orinda Parlor, Native Daughters, will
be the especial guests of El Dorado. The
members of El Dorado will in natty uni
forms follow their handsome banner in
the parade.
Stanford Parlor and Oakland Parlor will
join hands at the Vendome. Stanford by
Its band will be escorted to the train on
the night of the Bth. and in the parade
the members of both parlors will wear
dark suits, white vests and straw hats.
There will be receptions at the head
quarters in the Vendome, and one feature
will be the repetition of the Cakewalk so
successfully given at the Stanford ladies'
night.
Alameda Parlor will parade about sev
enty strong, in light pantaloons, golf
shirt, white belt and fatigue hat. It will
have a surprise in the nature of a float.
Pacific Parlor has secured headquarters
at Germania Hall, and will have the
ladies of Oro Fino Parlor as Its special
guests. The Pacific will parade in white
and gold and the ladles in pure white.
Pacific will have open house, entertain all
friends and on the evening of the 9th have
a social.
Precita Parlor will have headquarters at
Rutherford Hall, corner of Second and El
Dorado streets. The members will wear
white duck pantaloons, negligee shirts,
straw hat and gold sash. It will display
its magnificent bear flag and American
colors, while its banner will be mounted
on wheels and drawn by Shetland ponies.
It will be accompanied by a drum corps.
Sequoia Parlor will turn out not less
than seventy-five members in a neat and
very attractive uniform. The headquar
ters will be in Balloni's Hall, and on the
night of the 9th, after a reception in the
afternoon, will give a ball. The ladies of
Fremont Parlor, Native Daughters, will
be the guests of Sequoia. Professor Sousa
Barton, with tne original Native Sons'
band, will furnish the music.
Golden Gate Parlor will parade 150
members in light colored uniforms, and
each member will carry a handsome par
asol. The parlor has selected a handsome
souvenir badge. Headquarters, A. O. U.
W. Hall.
Olympus Parlor will be accompanied by
the members of Sans Souci Parlor, Na
tive Daughters, in the parade. During the
day there will be an entertainment in the
Italian Benevolent Society's Hall, and in
the evening there will be a ball. The
Olympus Parlor expects to display the
most elaborate badge ever manufactured.
Marshall, the baby parlor, will make its
first public appearance on the night of the
Bth. the members appearing in baby
clothpe and carrying rattles.* This parlor
is preparing a surprise for the San Jose
ans.
Niantic Parlor will have headquarters
at the Auzerais. The members, preceded
by a drum corps, will parade in dark suits,
white vests and straw hats with blue
band.
Piedmont Parlor, with the ladies of
Piedmont Parlor of the Native Daughters,
will take part in the parade, leaving
Fourteenth and Franklin streets, Oakland,
at 9 o'clock on the night of the Bth. The
members of both parlors will appear in
attractive uniforms, and in the headquar
ters in Phelan Hall, on El Dorado street,
they will entertain.
___> V XjXVX XO-Cf—XXi-* X _>. .
CANCER^
AND TUMOR HOSPITAL.
No Knife or Pain ! No Pay Until Cured !
READER, REMEMBER THIS FACT— lump in a woman's
breast is cancer, and if allowed to get large never fails to poison the
glands in the armpit. When the lump in the armpit is large a cure
is impossible and the person dies in a few months. Man's face and
lip is also a very common place for cancer. They .never fail to poison
from the ; lip to the throat. 80-PAGE BOOK sent free, with ad-
dresses of hundreds of honest cures.. No fraud. S. R. CHAM LEY,
M. D., 17 and 17| Third street, near Market.
Please Send This to Some One With Cancer.
■ - .'--'• ••-•■••.- ■ ■ ■ • _-■ . " *
geg^^^____i^fe:T s^_-g^°- : ;-^-^^^^^g .-
Subscribers camping at '- localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call «
thrown off at their camp by sending nam: and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department
____________ _ _ , _ . - ■ . ~ ~ "^ " '_ .:
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
New and Commodious Hotel, . :
Elegantly Furnished,
Lighted by Electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
FINEST ."SWIMMING TANK IN LAKE COUNTY.
This resort has '. no rival in " variety and me-
dicinal properties of its Mineral Waters, its In-
vigorating Plunge, Hot or Cold Mineral Baths.
Climate or Scenery. .
Physician In attendance. Deer and Small
Game plentiful. - :,
. TABLE UNSURPASSED. .
Reached Sby the Shortest Stage ; Route Into
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran-
cisco, via Hopland, $3: via Callstoga. »9. Fall
season hotel rates. $10 and $12 per week. "
For further information address -
HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Lake Co.. Cal.
Or see, in San Francisco, . ■■•--. ".'»-.?
L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery St.
Manic ;:; ;BANTA^. :^
CATALINA
/ America's crreatest field for health and pleas-
ure.  Most phenomenal rod and reel , fishing in
th« ;„ world. ;. The 'wonderful Marine Gardens;
the - gteat < stage . ride: delightful coast . excur-
sions; novel o loor sports: dancing ;. pyrotech-
nics :"- water carnivals, etc. THE - FAMOUS
MARINE BAND .-splendid. ORCHESTRA..
J? HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; : : modern f ap'-'ntments; : efficient
' " management." . - '
ISLAND VILLA,
Open ' July 1. ' '.Splendid arrangement , for
t . . '. '.'..;. ■.., enmpers., . '-'•'. -,■'■■ *
Full Information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation , Company, •
" 222 South. Spring st.-' Los Angeles, Cal.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 : Hours * from San • Francisco.
. ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. -
Grandest scenery. ; The * hotel ,an . enchanting
embowered' home. \ : Bath . house ! rebuilt, . elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis -court, etc. -- - ; ■; ;i-J; i- J
NATURAL .STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
*-!~ Tepid ' Swimming ■ Lake. Long-distance | Tele-
phone, ■■ '• Telegraph, « etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms,/ $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 50 per
day. ; : - T T" ; y ;.-, R. M. HOiRTON, . Proprietor. . ;
V-k"O P 0 HOTSFBIJTOS, ■' Sonoma Co.
All llll\ Only T 4^ hours ; from S.F. and
VIinVVV but 9-. miles staging;, waters
noted lor.nie'dicinal { virtues ; best : natural bath
In State; telephone: telegraph,; >, i 1i 1 illy mail;
FIRST-CLASS i SERVICE ; < morning , and after-
noon stages; round trip from S. F. only $2 50;
take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms. $2 a : day or $12 a week. Reference, t any
guest of «• the j past « three ' years.' -3. ; F. ' MUL-
GREW, Proprietor - - ■■..--- .- -'. ■;-; ■;::■ *r.- .* ;■;'
SUMMIT SODA
-, : :-?: ; v- v ■■■•,-■ -.::.--;>-.-- r ■_■• ■■".- i ■*:'■:: SPRINGS.
.: On line of C. P.' R. R. : ,: Elevation, 6008 \ feet."
Daily : mall. V. Telephone connections. .; . New ac-
commodations. Open . June •1. - Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. vDonner,", Placer- Co., Cal.
VICE CONSUL WILDMAN.
The Young Official on His Way tc
Hongkong.
Edwin Wlldman, the newly appointed
Vice and Deputy Consul General te
Hongkong, Is at the Palace, and is on his
way to the Orient to assume his office.
Mr. Wildman is 31 years of age.
and Is a brother of the present American
Consul General Rounsevelle Wildman
who has rendered efficient aid to his
Government during the late war with
Spain.
The work of the office has increased
to such a degree that it was necessary
for him to have an assistant, ami th«
President selected bis brother Edwic
for the place. The latter has done spe
cial work for Leslie's Weekly. His horn*
is In Elmira, New York. Mrs. Wildmar
accompanies him to his new post ol
duty. The Vice-Consul in an interview
said:
"Ik is possible that my brother will b«
appointed a Commissioner to take charge
of the provisional government of the
Philippines together with Admiral
Dewey and ex-Consul" to Manila O. R.
Williams. At a Cabinet meeting it wa«
regarded as too early to appoint such a
commission, and it was decided to wail
until military rule had ceased in th*
islands.
"The insurgents at Hongkong and Ca
vite have petitioned the President to
name my brother, and In the event ol
his doing so I will become acting Consul
General. I will have power to act wheth
er my brother is present or not, but,
however, subject to his dictation. I will
be in effect his agent."
Beal Estate Deals.
OAKLAND. Aur. 27.— One of the larg«
real estate transactions of the present
month is the sale of the lot 50x100 on
Ninth street, near Clay, for E. j. Ellis,
the price obtained being $10,000. The
transfer was negotiated by George W.
Austin of the real estate firm of Hugh
M. Cameron & Co., on Ninth street,
They have several other large deals un
der way that have not yet gone on rec
ord and the terms of which are yet pri
vate.
PACIFIC if
CONGRESS SPRINGS
" ,'. ' Panto Clara County.
' Three hours from San ■ Francisco, via Jjos
Gatos: 6 months round trip ticket, $4. or via,
Santa Clara, $3 60. New swimming tank. 180x75
feet, and other Improvements.
- Hot and cold mineral baths. ■
. Climate, scenery and location unequaled.
■ ■ ' JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
— . ■— . -__ _ — . — __ _
ff^>^/«r^ fc.S CONTRA
fiYVROAI COSTA CO.,
MJr Hotel new throughout; lighted with
H\\ acetyllne gas; hot salt baths, cure
■ Ha rheumatism: new . and commodious
1 II swimming tank; scientific ' sanitary
I !■ , methods; rates low. Address
MM- A. BETTENB,
"^ HOT SPRINGS Manager. V
"""S? REST and HEALTH
OROHARDSPRINGS
la the foothills of tb« Sierra leradu, cesrCslfax, P.P..X,
Plain, quiet retreat,' finest scenery." water, mountain air,
fruit, and all the year aronn<l tlinut? in California. -
idnl ground* and iurro«ndii)g». On R. R., 130 m<l*s from Sun Fna.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
.^ r ~: Address: . Orthsrd Sprint, rtiffar-* Park, Tal, j
HOWARD «p.o,
" w TT ■ r^*^«- r lake count 1 *
Accommodations unsurpassed. • --' - •'
Rates $*, $10 and $12. 'Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone. ' • . . - i
• Round trip, $10. Southern • Pacific office, 6U
Market street. ' ■ - '-•'■
Addrw MRS. , R. J. BEEBT. •
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The best- pleasure' and . health resort and
mineral springs lin I California. | Terms •$9 to
$12. Round trip $3 75. >•--.-. -•-.-•..— ■; :
FRESE & JUERGENSEX, Mark West
Springs, ' Sonoma County,, Cal. , .. :
T OS (it lTTJflh^ WABM SPRINGS,
LtKJO XX U Ujl}j\9O: Kenwood, Sonoma Co..
On th? i bank of . Sonoma Creek. An unrivaled
place ;.': for ; quiet rest. Warm sulphur baths.
Fine swimming, pool.;-? Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. / Cheap fare. Liberal table.
Terms, $1 per day. ;: School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people In tent or
cottaire. ' - ' For - particulars ; address ■: MRS. : P. »T.
M. : WATE. Kenwood, or P. T. M. • WATE, In-
ternal Revenue Ofr.ce, city. ' . . i
■■; .■-..;■!.•■- --W ."• ;■■... • . ■■..*■■■:■■ ■ . . -- -•: -■.■■■-
M'ATkDrkKlf 3 MINERAL SPRINGS, 1
'JYI/\Lf fv \J l^L. Santa Clara County. A
first-class ; mountain '< health : resort. Elevation,
2200 feet. -^ Cures asthma. Indigestion and kid-
: ney V troubles. Terms. "$9 • and ' $10 * per • week.
Stage connects with morning trains at Madron*
Monday, Wednesday and Saturday. **^«S*?2infB|P3
■•.■:.' JAMES; CARTER. . Manager.
; . SPRING VALE RANCH; v
Santa Cruz -Mountains. 1 Pleasure " and , health
resort. * Delightful walks through red wood can-
yons. ft Hunting and fishing) Fresh fiuit. Tabl»
first-class. ~ Free bus; : Write for pamphlet.
WHITCOMB CO.. Sequel. Cal.
1516
FIGHTING FOR HER LIFE
Mrs. Botkin Builds
a Wall of Legal
Technicality.
Her Attorneys Demand Her
Release— Case Without
a Fracedent.
The local police will receive to-day the
evidence they have so persistently sought
against Mrs. Cordelia Botkin. Detective
.McVey Will arrive to-day from Dover,
•Del., and without delay will place in the
hands of Chief Lees the facts with which
the Eastern authorities expect to prove
Mrs. Botkin guilty of the murder of Mrs.
John T. Dunning and Mrs. J. D. Deane.
Without these facts the local prosecutors
' can do nothing- except to prevent Mrs.
Botkin from escaping upon technicalities.
The woman's attorneys applied to Judge
Carroll Cook yesterday for a writ of
habeas corpus. The application was
granted . and will be heard to-morrow
morninp.
The defense has therefore taken the In
itiative without knowing that the Dover
detective was so near San Francisco, on
his way across the continent. It is prob
able that the District Attorney will have
something more than technicalities with
■which to combat the technicalities of the
defense. The Eastern detective is cred
ited with havin : evidence of a very posi
tive character a — inst Mrs. Botkin. He
will come, of course, with the box of
candy in which the pofson was concealed.
This box and its wrapper, samples of the
candy and the superscription on the cover
will give the city authorities a tangible
basis upon which to work.
Thus far practically no evidence of
value has been discovered here. The
police have learned fully the relations
that existed between Mrs. Botkin and
Dunning. This relation. Involving a dou
ble life on the part of Dunning, gives
something of a motive for the offense
of which the woman Is accused. Her
papers and letters have also been seized
and will be used to compare specimens
of handwriting. The police hope also
to Identify Mrs. Botkin as the woman
who purchased candy under mysterious
circumstances at Stockton. Beyond this
the police have nothing.
The arrival of McVey to-day will ma
terially clear the situation. Very little
dimculty will be experienced in tracing
the candy-box to its maker. From the
m.iker will be learned the -names of the
retail dealers who bought the boxes. It
•will be the question therefore of only a
few days to know whether or not the
candy-box came from the Stockton deal
er. It may be possible, also, to identify
the candy. It is believed that the fatal
box was inclosed in a peculiar wrapper,
•which the retail dealer at Stockton will be
able positively to identify if It was such
as he used.
Comparisons of handwriting will then
be made. While the comparisons for gen
eral purposes may not amount to a groat
deal their effect will be greatly strength
ened by collateral evidence which the au
■ thorities possess. It will be remembered
that Mrs. Dunning received warnings and
threats carried to her in anonymous let
ters. If the handwriting in these letters
is similar to that on the cover of the
candy box and both resemble that of Mrs.
Botkin, the case of the prosecution will
be materially strengthened. Detective
McVey is the only person who can supply
this evidence.
"What else the detective knows must be
exploited after his arrival. He has. suc
ceeded in evading newspaper men on his
way across the continent, and even the
local police do not know what he pos
sesses. There is a hope that the corre
spondence of Mrs. Dunning will give the
supporting foundation £pr the fabric
against Mrs. Botkin. Twe daad woman
nas harassed for many month? before her
death by anonymous communications.
Borne of these may contain references that
will assist in revealing the identity of the
writer. «>
As already indicateu. Mrs. Botkin has
taken the initiative in the legal battle for
her life. Her attorneys began their tech
nical defense yesterday in suing for a
writ of habeas corpus. This is the first
Btep in a legal fight that has no precedent
Dr parallel in the United States. The au
■ thorities will demand thf extradition of
. Mrs. Botkin, whose attorneys will resist
stubbornly to the last. The application
for extradition involves a point of law
that has never been determined in the
United States. The law of this State spe
cifically declares that no person may be
' sxtradited unless proof of flight from the
Etate demanding extradition is supplied.
Mrs. Botkin never was in Delaware, and
poneequently could not have fled from
ihere. No provision seems to have been
made for the punishment of such a crim<;
is that of which Mrs. Botkin is accused.
At her bidding, under the theory of her
police accusers, death traveled across
the continent and brought desolation to
: It home, yet there appears to be no way
.egally by which she can be taken'before
the proper tribunal for trial.
The California law seems equally clear
>n the point that she cannot be tried by
:he courts of this State, as no provision is
made for the punishment of an offense
jart of which was committed out of the
State. These are the main points upon
R-hich a most interesting legal battle is
:o be fought. Mrs. Botkin will resist ex
;radition and will defy the authorities of
.his State to try her. This is the policy of
'. ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Biok^k * TEN
Suffered Untold Agonies. Limbs
Swollen So Could Not
Get About.
Ablest Physicians Signally Failed.
. Was Absolutely Disheartened.
Had Lost All Hope.
Gave Cuticura A Trial, Which
Resulted in Absolute and
■ Perfect Cure.
For ten years I suffered untold agonies from
that dread disease Eczema, my lower limbs,
most of the time being so swollen and broken
out that I could hardly go about. < I had to wear
slippers so that I could move about at all. \ My
brother, a physician of thirty years' practice
and extensive experience, had tried in vain
to effect a cure and signally failed. I tried
other physicians of splendid ability with like
results, and had reached that point where I
• became absolutely disheartened, and in fact
bad lost all hope, when a friend induced me
to give Ccticcra Remedies a trial. I used
two cakes ,of Cutiol-iia Soap and two boxes
of Ccticdra (ointment), and it resulted in
an absolute and permanent cure. I am now
perfectly cured, sound as a dollar, and to Co
tiouea Remedies I attribute my almost mir-
aculous cure. I refer all | interested to the
Postmaster of this place, any of the ministers,
the prominent business men, and all of the
citizens of our vicinity indiscriminately, and
especially to my friend, John A. B. Shippey. .
attorney at law, who persuaded me to give
CuTict'BA Remedies a trial. "■.
DAVID M. SAPP. Plymouth, 111-
CUTICURA WORKS WONDERS
, Cuticuba. T Remedies instantly ; relieve and !
speedily care ever-y humor arid disease of th«
■kin, scalp, and blood, with Joss of hair," whether j
Itching, t burning, »caly, pimply,' and blotchy,
whether elmple,' scrofulous, hereditary, or con-
"* tagious, when all else fail*. -
Bpfsdy Cere Tbeatmkxt foe ah. Ski.t akd Blood
Hi-mo**- — Warm natlu with Coticdba Soap. (entl*
anolntinw with Cutrtba (ointment). purest of emol-.
lient ikln currt, and mil* do«« of COTicura Rksol-
y» jr. f reotett of blood puflflert and humor cures.
Bold throughout the world. Pott»« Dejto awo Cijbm.
Cow., Hole Pro* ••■ Soften. " How Curt Eo*em»,"
her attorneys, who have not yet discussed
the guilt or innocence of their client, ex
cept in generalities and sweeping de
nial^.
The police and District Attorney will
oppose the grant of a writ of habeas cor
pus on the ground that proceedings of a
criminal character are pending against
Mrs. Botkin in the Police Court. The
woman has been charged in Judge Joach
imsen's court with murder. This accusa
tion is made on "Information and belief."
which is not accepted by the laws of Cali
fornia. The police are aware of this, and
have no thought of holding Mrs. Botkin
under such a complaint or warrant. The
authorities are playing simply for delay
to permit the Dover detective to get here
with his evidence and demand from Gov
ernor Budd a solution of the problem
similar to that in the Durrant case, when
Judge Morrow ignored the national law on
habeas corpus and refused Durrant a
second writ, to which the Federal statutes
declared he was entitled.
If Judge Cook should refuse to grant
Mrs. Botkin's application for a writ of ha
beas corpus, her attorneys will contend
that she cannot be tried in this State, no
matter how conclusive the evidence
against her may be. This claim will be
based upon the interesting fact that in
the laws of this State no provision has
been made for the trial of such a crime of
which the woman is accused. On the
other hand, if Judge Cook grants the writ
.of habeas corpus the police will hold Mrs.
Botkin under the proceedings that have
been instituted in the Police Court. If
Judge Joachtmsen releases her ' before
Governor Budd passes on the question of
extradition she may go where she pleases.
In whatever aspect the case is viewed, it
presents one or the most interesting and
intricate legal problems ever submitted to
thg courts of the State or of the United
States.
WILL APPEAR IN
COURT ON MONDAY
Mrs. Botkin, Through Her Attorneys,
Is Granted a Writ of Habeas
Corpus by Judge
Cook.
The first legal steps have been taken
toward the rolease of Mrs. Cordelia Bot
kin, who is detained in this city charged
with the murder of Mrs. John P. Dunning
and Mrs. J. D. Deane of Dover, Del.
Through her attorneys, McGowan &
Squires and Knight & Heggerty, she has
applied for a writ of habeas corpus. This
petition was presented to Judge Carroll
Cook, Department 12 of the Superior
Court, by Frank McGowan shortly after
12 o'clock yesterday.
The application was gTanted, and I. W.
Lees, Chief of Police, was ordered to pro
duce Mrs. Botkin in Department 12 at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning. Mrs. Botkin
has not been booked, pending the arrival
of Detective McVey with requisition pa
pers and the evidence upon which the
warrant of arrest was issued. The peti
tion filed yesterday follows:
The Habeas Corpus Writ.
In the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the
matter of the application of Cordelia Botkfti fur
a writ of habeas corpus — To the Honorable the
Superior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California: The petition of
Frank McGowan, who makefi this application
for a writ of habeas corpus for and on behalf
of Cordelia Botkin, respectfully shows this
court:
I.
That said Cordelia Botkin above named is
now and was for more than two years last
past a resident of the State.
11.
That, the said Cordelia Botkln is imprisoned
and restrained of her liberty by Imprisonment
in the City Prison of the city and county of
San Francisco and the said State of California.
111.
That I. W. Lees, the Chief of the Police of
the city and county of San Francisco, is the
name of the person by whom said Cordelia
GATTRELL REMEMBERS THE CONFECTIONS
The Candies He Sold Identical With Those in Which
the Poison Was Mixed.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 27.— Frank Gattrell was to-day shown the dis
patch from Dover published in The Call describing the kind of candy
contained in the poisoned box mailed to Mrs. Dunning. He said he be
lieved the oblong bonbons, the chocolate creams and the tongs were the
same he packed in the box purchased by the mysterious woman three
weeks ago. As to the flat wafers he was not so sure, unless that part of
the description had reference to some chocolate wafers dotted over with
white drops. The description of the tongs is identical with those used at
the Wave, being washed in a plate looking like silver, cheaply orna
mented, and about three inches long.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
■ Botkln la oo confined as aforesaid and re
strained of her liberty.
IV.
That the said Imprisonment of the said Cor
: delta Botkln is Illegal in this, that said Cor
delia Botkin is held and restrained In such
custody by said I. W. Lees aforesaid under a
i complaint charging her wjth murder and a
. warrant* Issued for her arrest therefor, which
I complaint and warrant of arrest are In words
and figures as follows:
[Here follows the original complaint, the
warrant upon which Mrs. Botkin was arrested
■ and the return to the warrant, signed by De
■ tecttve E. L. Gibson. This latter is Indorsed
i by Joseph P. Hughes, clerk. All these have been
! printed In full in the columns of The Call.]
That the said I. "W. Lees, Chief of Police of
the said city and county of San Francisco
aforesaid, has Imprisoned the said Cordeua
Botkin under and by virtue of said complaint
above-named and said warrant of arrest, and
not otherwise, and this said complaint and
warrant of arrest aforesaid are the only pro
cesses, authority or order. Judgment or decree,
by which said I. W. Lees Esq., Chief of Po
lice aforesaid, holds said Cordelia Botkln or
restrains her of her liberty as aforesaid.
VI.
That said I. W. Lees aforementioned Is im
prisoning said Cordelia Botkln in the City
Prison at and In the city and county of San
Francisco aforesaid, and restrains her of her
liberty aforesaid as the Chief of Police of the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California.
VII.
That said complaint la illegal and void in
this:
(a) It does not charge a public offense under
the laws of California.
(b) It attempts to charge a public offenae
on information and belief.
(c) It does not charge, allege or show either
as an allegation of fact or by Inference that on
the 11th day of August, 1898, at any time be
fore or since said date, that the said Cordelia
Botkln was in the State of Delaware, or a
resident thereof, or that she fled therefrom
after the alleged commission of the offense de
scribed in aald alleged .complaint, or that the
said Cordelia Botkln ever fled from the State
of Delaware, or became, or was a fugitive from
Justice In the State of California.
VIII.
That on the 11th day of August. 1898, the date
of the alleged murder mentioned in the com
plaint above set forth, the said Cordelia Bot
kin was not In the State of Delaware, either
at the time of the commission of the said mur
der or after satd commission thereof, and your
petitioner alleges on Information and belief
that said Cordelia Botkln never was In the
State of Delaware at any time or at all, and
your petitioner alleges that on said 11th day
of August, IS3B. and for a long time prior
thereto said Cordelia Botkin was in and a resi
dent of the State of California; that Bhe never
at any time fled from or left the State of Dela
ware or took refuge in the State of California
from the State of Delaware, or from any other
State, and therefore petitioner alleges that said
Cordelia Botkin Is not now and never was a
fugitive from Justice from the State of Dela
ware or any other State, and she never fled
from the said State of Delaware as a fugitive
from Justice or from any other State.
IX.
That under and in pursuance of the author
ity conferred upon said I. W. Lees aforesaid
by reason of the filing and making of said
complaint above set forth said I. w. Lees is
restraining said Cordelia Botkin of her liberty
as aforesaid and is confining her In said City
Prison at and in the said city and county of
San Francisco aforesaid until such time as an
alleged agent or officer of the State of Dela
ware comes to the State of California for tne
purpose of extraditing said Cordelia Botkin:
that your petitioner is informed, believes ana
so alleges the fact to be that said alleged
officer or agent of the State of Delaware pur
ports to act under authority alleged to have
been conferred upon him by rrapon of some pro
ceedings in the State of Delaware taken and
commenced In said State last named to extra
dite said Cordelia Botkin from the said State
of California to the said State of Delaware,
and your petitioner alleges that said proceed
ings so as aforesaid taken and commenced In
«aid State of Delnware to extradite aid Lor
delia Botkin to said State of Delaware are til
legal, void and of no effect whatever, for the
realms se t fr,rth in paragraph MI of this
petltitlon.
That said Cordelia Botkin Is J V ld « an^ ™"
strained of her liberty by said I. \V Lees,
Chief of Police aforesaid, at said place without
authority of law and in violation of her rights
and without any evidence of the commis
sion of said ofTense by said Cordelia Botkin.
Wherefore your petitioner prays for and on
behalf of said Cordelia Botkin that the court
make and enter its order herein directing that
a writ of habeas corpus Issue in usual form
MRS. BOTKIN, FROM HER LATEST PHOTOGRAPH.
from said court directing the said I. W. Lees
as Chief of Police of the city and county of
San Francisco aforesaid compelling him. the
said I. W. Lees, to produce the said Cordelia
Botkin before your honorable court on the 29th
day of August, 1898, at 10 o'clock a. m. on said
day, and Hhow cause by what authority In law
he restrains said Cordelia Botkin of her lib
erty aforesaid.
And your petitioner will ever pray, etc.
FRANK McGOWAN, Petitioner.
McGOWAN & SQUIRES. Attorneys for Cor
delia Botkin. Mills building, San Francisco.
KNIGHT & HEOGERTY, Attorneys for Cor
delia Botkin, Parrott building. San Francisco.
Judge Carroll Cook Issued the following
order granting the. wrltf
The Momentous Order.
In the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; In the
matter of the application of Cordelia Botkin
for a writ of habeafl corpus: Order granting
writ. Upon the reading and filing of the pe
tition of Frank McGowan for and on behalf
of and as the attorney of said Cordelia Botkin,
duly signed and verified by him, wherein It is
alleged that the said Cordelia Bntkln Is illegal
ly Imprisoned and restrained of her liberty by
I. W. Lees, Chief of Police of the city and
county of San Francisco, State >of I aliforniu.
and stating wherein the alleged illegality con
sists, from which it appears that a writ of
habeas corpus ought to issue.
It is ordered that a writ of habeas corpus
issue out of and under the seal of the Superior
Court of the State of California. In and for thp
city and county of San Francisco, directed to
the said I. W. Lees, Chief of Police of the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, commanding him, the said I. W.
Lees, to have the body of the said Cordelia
Hotkin before me. In the courtroom of Depart
ment No. 12, of the said court In the City
Hall in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 29th day of August,
IS9S, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, to do
and receive what shall then and then> be con
sidered concerning the said Cordelia Botkin,
together with the time and cause of her de
tention; and that you have then, and ther«
the said writ. CARROLL COOK,
Judge of said Superior Court.
Dated August 27, 189 S.
Judge Cook issued an order to Chief
Lees, which was a.tached to the applica
tion and writ, commanding him to pro
duce Cordelia Botkin in his court on Mon
day mornlnp. A deputy sheriff served the
order, and Lees made the following: re
turn:
Lees Makes His Beply.
In the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, ex
parte Cordelia Botkin, on habeas corpus. State
of California, City and County of Ban Fran
cisco— sb. I, I. W. Lees. Chief of Police of
said city and county of San Francisco, acting
in obedience to the writ of habeas corpus ls-
Bued herein by said honorable court, do here
and now produce the body of the said Cor
delia Botkin and respectfully return and show
that she Is in my custody under and pursuant
to warrants issued out of and by the Follce
Court of said city and county, on complaints
now on file in said Police Court, true copies
of which said warrants and complaints are
hereto attached and made a part of this, my
return to said writ of habeas corpus.
I. W. LEES, Chief of Police.
Ban Francisco, Cal., August 29, 1898.
WILL RESIST HABEAS
CORPUS PROCEEDINGS
Acting District Attorney Hosmer
Will Make a Fight on Behalf of
the Delaware Authorities.
Acting District Attorney Hosmer will,
on behalf of the Delaware authorities, re
sist the efforts of Mrs. Botkin's attorneys
to secure her freedom. He was in consul
tation with Chief Lees for several hours
yesterday afternoon, going over the evi
dence so far gathered by the local police.
At the conclusion of the conference Mr.
Hosmer said:
"The people will oppose releasing the
accused woman. She was arrested on a
warrant, duly issued on a sworn com
plaint, and is therefore within the hands
of the law. But one point is raised in the
petition— that Mrs. Botkin is not extra
ditable because she is not a fugitive from
Justice. Her attorneys contend that she
has never been in the State of Delaware,
and therefore cannot be a fugitive. We
contend that she is.
"Between now and the hearing in the
habeas corpus proceedings I shall look up
decisions in this phase of the matter.
"I shall undertake to make all the de
fense I can when the case comes before
Judge Cook. Of course I cannot predict
the result. Another contention which I
shall make Is that the Superior Court has
no jurisdiction in the premises. The pris
oner is within the jurisdiction of the po
lice court. Judge Joachimsen issued the
warrant for her arrest and ordered that
the prisoner be brought before him. My
argument is that until the Police Judge
has acted in the matter the Superior
Court cannot intervene. The warrant on
which she was taken into custody is, I
consider, sufficient to hold hjer until the
proper tribunal has passed upon the evi
dence against her and decided whether or
not she should be held for trial."
Chief Lees' legal adviser has suggested
a metfhs by which Mrs. Botkin can be
held for trial in this State if she is not
token to Delaware.
The accused woman's name has not
been entered upon the prison record nor
upon the detinue book, upon which the
names of persons against whom there is
no charge are usually recorded. The law
requires that all persons incarcerated in
the City Prison shall be entered in the
prison register, but in the case of Mrs.
Botkin the law has not been obeyed. Chief
Lees gives as his reason for this proce
dure that the prisoner is in the custody of
the police court; that Judge Joachimsen
issued the warrant. It was served and
return made to Clerk Hays of Police
Court 3. _• .
As far as can be learned, Judge Joach
imsen has not taken official cognizance of
the case, as it does not appear on his
court calendar. Mrs. Botkin's attorneys
allege that all these proceedings are ir
regular and they could procure her re
lease very quickly if it would be any ad
vantage to her.
Trying to Trace the Package.
Postal Inspector Irwtn called on Chief
Lees again yesterday afternoon, and they
discussed the roaming; of the poisoned
candy. Inspector Irwln said after the
conference with the Chief:
■ "We are making every possible effort
. - - .....-.„: / ADVERTISEMENTS.
" .'"'"'"' , "..'... .. " . .....:'. ■■ ' ... ■■.' ,'-,■■ ■' .■ '' ■ I 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88
Mr. i • ■2- CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. B
a 99«oni • i mjgas i
On Monday morning August 29th at eight f m N *!
I o'clock we will place on sale our entire stock ; «■ *s^|Bsl§3SB2Sß» 'r^
of i five-button Maggioni glace' kid gloves, : | couch-$4,75, a
plain backs, which never have been sold for %&ti !1S week ~ A good> stro "g- com * a
1 « «* J j«* r " ■ ~-- : , '■ -88 fortable couch — covered with fancy
IeSS than j51.79and^2.00. . : ♦ .: . a tapestry— double— four-seventy- £
. Every pair is guaranteed; fitted if desired. : a f ' ve ' — -- V a
; ; We advise an early call before the assortment : % c^tS %££&£?§ n P r y d 2
is broken as every pair is to go for a ESnSSE w^S!i| 2
. - ; ' /./ : -■■ ..■-•■,-■ • . ' ;V « thing: that goes to furnish a home. '88
BCf •^ « NOON AN, I
# Complete House-Furnisher. o.
A ¥ v 88 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., £
88 _i Above Sixth. ~
-»- oj Thone South 14. Open Evenings. **
*« /^/l' 88J8J888888 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 8
:^>WmOJ\V BRUSHES rs» assas B^:
, . houses, billiard tables.
; I / '-- : "■':'"— ■■■■-^>^ Jiii riling ' . brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers nner»
t^^aaaß^^' • dyers, flourmillg. foundries, laundries, e'-125e '-
125 |. 131 Kearny St. %^**£%^£& n'sSn '$SS m F& tm '
:; -■ ' - ■•'•■ ■■ "■'- ■ ■■■ ■ - •.-•■■■■■, **- -■■• l - •■-- ■■-... ; "' '; :;■.■'•:• ;- _ .M ; BUCHANAN BROS.,
'. ■■•-""." u.,ll^ — »^^^—^wii^—^i^— | Brush Manufacturers; 609 Sacramento St
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT.
SPECIAL SALE
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS.
We have just received a very large
shipment of FINE TAPESTRYTABLE COVERS,
all new designs and the very latest colorings.
As these goods come to us direct from the
manufacturer, we are enabled to offer them
at very low prices.
SPECIALS.
7C n j 150 4-4x4-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
luu Each. ! table covers.
CEn \ 200 6-4x6-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
UJb Each, i table covers.
00 CD 175 8-4xB-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
OZiOU Each. TABLE COVERS.
Kfl M 25M 25 8 " 4x8 - 4 f RINGED TAPESTRY TA-
OtiuU Each, ! BLECOYERS, very handsome designs.
Qll nfl \ 50 8-4xlo-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
OtiUU Each, i table covers.
OR fin I 75 8-4x12-4 FRINGED TAPESTRY
OOiUU Each, i table covers.
SEE DISPLAY OF ABOVE GOODS IN OUR
SHOW WINDOWS.
111. 113. 115, 111, 119. 121 POST STREET.
to trace the package of candy, but we are
working in the dark. As soon as the
wrapper with the canceled stamps and
postmark are shown to us we can tell
whether the package went through this
office. . ,
"We will never be able to ascertain
where the box was mailed. The sender
might have deposited it in one of the
package boxes on the street, or at any
one of eleven stations or nine sub-sta
tions. All the packages posted at any of
these places are taken to station D,
where the stamps are canceled and the
matter forwarded to its destination. \\ c
may trace the box from station D, but
back of that we cannot go. No letters
from the East addressed to Mrs. Botkin
have been received at the Postofflce since
the tragedy."
DECLARE THEY WILL
PROVE HER INNOCENCE
Mrs. Botkin's Attorneys Will Not
Press Habeas Corpus Proceed
ings Until the Requisition
Papers Arrive.
George A. Knight, one of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin's attorneys, made the following
statement yesterday:
"In a consultation between Mr. Mc-
Gowan and myself to-day we concluded
to continue the hearing of the habeas
corpus proceedings until the arrival of the
requisition from Delaware. We are per
fectly seiure in our position. The woman
id innocent, and legally she cannot be
taken back to Delaware. The question is
simply o.ie oi' interpretation of an article
in the Federal constitution. Mrs. Botkin
is in no aonse a fugitive from justice. Sl»e
never fled fiom Delaware, because she/
had never been there.
"We purpose fighting extradition on
broad legal grounds, and there will be no
technical quibbling. Nothing will be done
that will not meet the approval of any
fair-minded Judge and competent lawyer.
"Mrs. Botkin naturally feels depressed
by her surroundings. She feels the dis
gTace of even the arrest. An inno
cent person always feels the dis
grace a great deal keener than a gullty
person. She has talked very freely with
Chief of Police Lees, and all of her letters
and papers for years back are now in the
hands of the police.
"I suppose comparisons are being made
as to handwriting, but I don't believe
there is a jury in any civilized country
that would hang a man on the unsupport
ed testimony of a writing expert, and they
ought not to."
Fnank McGowan is actively en
gaged in preparing a certain line of Mrs.
Botkin's defense, and he is more than
confident that she will never go back to
Delaware.
"We will contend that the proceedings
are irregular and that there was not suf
ficient evidence to warrant Mrs. Botkin's
arrest and detention," he said. "We have
agreed with the District Attorney and
Chief Lees to postpone tne hearing lor a
few days. While we might on a techni
cality secure her release on Monday
morning, it would be useless, as she
would be rearrested immediately on the
arrival of the officer with the evidence
and the requisition. Then the habeas
corpus proceedings would have to be gone
over again. We*prefer to have it come up
once and for nil and have it finally and
definitely settled."
Mr. Knight's attention w;as called to the
contradictory evidence given by hand
writing experts in the big will contests
tried in this city during the past five
years, and he was asked whether his side
would engage writing expends to combat
any testimony given by such witnesses.
The attorney replied that such testi
mony was weak and valueless and stated
that he could hire experts any day to
testify in any way he desired.
Steamship Australia, recently In the
service of the Government as a troop
ship, has been returned to the Oceanic
-line and will resume her Honolulu run on
or about September 1. Fare $75. Round
trip $125. Ticket office 114 Montgomery •
Hitchcock for Congress.
OMAHA, Aug. 27.— The Democrats, Pop
ulists and Free Silver Republicans of the
Second Nebraska District this afternoon
named Gilbert M. Hitchcock, publisher of
the Omaha World-Herald, for Congress,How the EX-QUEEN OF HAWAII
passed the TWELFTH OF AUGUST
f | -\ HE Queen was seated on the
:'.'•■ sofa which serves her now as
.. I throne. For canopy, the Royal
';■; ••• "J Flag- of Hawaii was draped
; . . above her head. For court.
= there were her women facing: her with
: sad and faithful eyes.
..;•-.■ Here was the story — "Hawaii's story
'■'. by Hawaii's Queen" — To borrow the
title ot Liliuokalani's book, a Queen
without a Throne, a Flag without a
. ' 'place, a Court without a kingdom. One
• ' may be as democratic as one pleases.
and yet be saddened by such things as
thes^t
The Queen gave me a quiet hand.
Her physician was just leaving her.
She smiled him thoughtfully away and
: turned to me.
"t)o I look like a dying woman?"
she said.
. "God forbid!" said I.
That much at least Is due divine
Providence. If Liliuokalani were to die
at this tide of her affairs it would have
been. only civil of heaven to have taken
•her .before the dawn of August twelfth.
•\ "I have received condolences," ex
.pl&taed the Queen, "from the States.
.This Bt earner brought me a number of
; letters and circulars and resolutions, all
very kindly intended of course, but I
V must say a llittlee — cr — startling to a per
.. eon who has no Immediate idea of
leaving the world."
• The court giggled respectfully.
"You see, I was ill in Washington
and the report was given out that I
had a cancer."
."■ '"But there is no truth In that?"
"Unfortunately, there is all truth in
• It/ "replied the Queen, smiling, with
perfect serenity. "You look surprised.
■ ! Js it because I smile? You see I have a
good doctor. I mean to get well. If
. not— l am not afraid of death. I am
.-'■ not even afraid of life."
The. court sighed tenderly.
"I have needed courage to live," she
.added. "They say it is given to those
.•.•who have to endure."
"Noblesse oblige," I returned, po
' iitely.
The Queen v.as pleased to smile. Is
.. there any railk so sensitive to recognl
■ ;tlon as lost rank? The ex-Queen of
Hawaii has an eye to little matters of
:': this sort— a gracious or a critical eye
: according as you remember them or as
you .do not. One has need of court
manners to go calling at Washington
Place; and since an earlier visit I have
.- felt the lack of mine, I am pleased to
find" that I am getting on. Moreover,
,*••. my. heart, is in this. My sympathy goes
. .out to the woman in trouble and there
. fare I. am pleased to please the Queen.
\ ' "So they say," she went on. "And
there is something in that. I could re
. main here In my home where you know
1 can. hear everything; the guns, the
music of the band, the cheering. I
. " could do that. I do not think every one
:'■ COUld."
. "I am sure, indeed," I answered,
truthfully, "hardly any one could. I
thought perhaps you would go away —
into the country."
Liliuokalani raised her brows.
"Why? I came here to be near my
people — to show them how to meet this.
It has come upon us together — you un
derstand? Together. I am not alone.
My people lose their country; they lose
their identity. Should I run away and
Bhut my eyes and my ears when so
many of them had to remain here In
their homes? My home also is here, in
Honolulu. It gives us all courage to
think of others. I remembered my peo
ple this day and they remembered me.
We bore our trouble together. I did
net leave my house. I received no visi
torsT'^i instructed my household to pass
this day as we pass all our days, as if
HAWAIIAN WOMEN OF THE BETTER CLASS WAILING IN THE
GARDENS DURING THE ANNEXATION CEREMONIES.
THE CALL Sunday Edition
HERE WAS THE STORY— 'HAWAII'S STORY BY HAWAII'S QUEEN I—TO1 — TO BORROW THE TITLE OF LILIUOKALfINI'S BOOK, fl QUEEN WITHOUT fl
THRONE, (\ FLAG WITHOUT A PLACE, (k COURT WITHOUT (\ KINGDOM."
BY ALICE RIX
The Queer) was seated on the sofa which serves her now as throne. For canopy the royal flag of Hawaii was draped
above her bead, por court there were the women facing her, with sad and faithful eyes. Tlje Queen gave rt>e a quiet hand,
her phv»lclan was Just leaving her. She smiled hlrr> thoughtfully away and turned to me. "Do I look "Xc a dying woman?" she
said. r 'Qod forbid," I said.
nothing happened to us— nothing at all.
There are duties, in every home. Is it
not bo? I ordered that the duties of
my house be attended to as usual. I
permitted no one to speak t«^ me of
this" — she hesitated — "of this matter.
I did not permit myself to think of it.
Can you believe that? It is true. I
ignored."
All the Queen in Liliuokalanl spoke
there. I was compelled to quick ad
miration of the strength of the woman
and the pride of the Queen. I thought
of the picture that day had painted of
her to the curious mob — out of fond,
sentimental fancy, bien entendu — for
no one knew of her doings except her
household attendants, faithful watch
dogs of her privacy. It was known that
her doors were closed and it was con
jectured that even her stubborn cour
age had yielded to the strain under
which even aliens bent — the solemn
thunder of the guns which shook the
great house savagely, the requiem ' Ha
waii Ponoi" playing down her Flag, the
bugle sounding taps above its fall,
creeping through her Royal palms, In
sistent at her closed doors. And all
the sounds that welcomed a new sov
ereignty to rule her fathers' land.
Le roi est mort! Vive le roi! And
the king alive to hear.
There was a short, pregnant pause.
I knew, as one sometimes knows un
spoken thoughts, that. her own move
ments on this fateful day were passing
through her mind in swift review. The
lines about her mouth deepened, her
eyes were sad and far. Her women,
watching her, wept softly among them
selves. There were no tears in Liliu
okalani's eyes. But I think she is one
to weep in the heart. When she spoke
it was to go on quite naturally with her
thought.
"I made up my mind that I must be
brave, and to be brave I knew I must
be busy. For the morning I went to my
desk and sorted over all my letters.
They have accumulated during my ab
sence, and it Is a task. I have put off
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
for a good moment. This day," Liliu
okalani smiled bitterly, "gave me that
good moment. I wrote several letters
and then I put my mind upon, my book.
I am writing my third book— a work
on the Hawaiian words. There are
many of the old words which are pass
ing out of use — many now quite obso
lete; and yet their origin is interesting
and full of suggestion concerning the
manners and customs of our people be
fore — y OU know, in other days. I have
already written one book on the Ha
waiian music that will be valuable. I
hope, to those interested in such sub
jects. I have managed to put upon
paper the peculiar musical phrases of
the melees, even the oli-oli; that is the
gurgling sound our melee singers use in
wailing or chanting. It was a very
baffling task, but I wanted to preserve
the music of my country. That was all.
So I wrote and revised and planned and
kept my mind on other things. It was
while I was looking through my letters
that"— the Queen paused, "A few of
DURING THE FLAG-RAISING CEREMONIES THE QUEEN TRIED
TO FORGET WHAT WAS GOING ON BY LOOKING
OVER HER CORRESPONDENCE
my friends were here — my close friends,
my attendants. They were weeping
about me. It was not for me to weep.
We heard — you know — everything. I
spoke of other things. I do not remem
ber now of what, and It matters very
little — and t.ien I went on looking over
my letters."
The little court at the end of the
room sobbed audibly. A trio of voices
rose from the shadow of the palms,
singing the plaintive native music,
which is forever sounding in the
Queen's gardens. She sat, listening
quietly to the sobbing and the singing.
Her command is admirable.
"Did you send any protest?" I asked,
when the song was ended; "that is, did
you send one to Washington?"
"To Washington? To Washington?
Have I not exhausted Washington?
To whom would I make a protest? Tour
Government is a government of many
— by many," and this daughter of a
race which has one supreme and suf
ficient chief shut her lips derisively.
"When an appeal reaches the last of
your governors, It has had time to be
forgotten by the first. My people sent
their protest. That is as it should be —
but as for me — I have written enough
for the waste paper baskets of Wash
ington."
"I thought," I said, suggestively,
"that you might have some idea of go-
Ing on to Washington when Congress
meets in December, to make a personal
appeal."
Lilluokalani shook her head. "I
have," she said, "no such idea. I have
no ideas at all just now. I shall re
main in Honolulu. I shall live here, I
believe. I worked very hard for my
people, for my country, for my cause
while I was away in a foreign land, and
as you know, I worked in vain. I have
returned here to take up the life I lived
before I went away; a life of retire
ment among my friends, my books, my
thoughts. I am now, more than ever,
a woman In private life."
She spoke with indescribable bitter
ness. A woman In private life is sup
posed to be sheltered from the ills
which vex a Queen, but one must be
born to these safe joys to relish them.
No Queen deposed has ever yet ac
quired the taste, and I have known an
inconspicuous nobody or two who would
have given their ears to wear a crown
or even a shabby little coronet. And,
of course, under one or the other of
these decorative circumstances ears
would not be missed.
"I hear," said Liliuokalani, "that it
was not so gay over there as some per
sons expected."
"It was not gray at aIL Nearly every
one was weeping."
"Ah!" said the Queen, coldly. "Why
should they weep?"
"You mean it is for your people, not
ours, to weep. There is such a thing
as sympathy. I wish you could know —
perhaps you do — how many hearts were
filled with that."
"I know," she Interrupted, "I know."
"Admiral Miller himself " I said.
"Ah! yes, I have heard."
"And," I said, "all Americans who
love their own Flag "
The Queen made a sudden movement.
"If it had been yours!" she said sharp
ly. "If it had been your Flag!"
As if that were not what I have been
thinking ever since I came here to think
about it at all!
"I said that my day was quiet," she
went on passionately. "I said it was
humdrum. I said that I put my mind
on other things " She laid her hand
touchingly to her breast. "But that is
not here. Of my heart I do not speak.
My heart is my country, my flag, my
people. My heart is Hawaii."18
FIERCEST AND BLOODIEST HAND-TO-HAND FIGHT IN THE WAR
LAST STAND OF THE SPANIARDS : THE DEADLY HAND-TO-HAND FIGHT IN THE BLOCKHOUSE ON SAN JUAN HILL.
■ - Of all the fierce and bloody hand-to-band i conflicts in the war : that of the regulars against the last of the fighting. Spaniards to the blockhouse at El Caney was the
V , . Of a „■%„"" .^nfth. Ninth Infantry dropped through a hole in the roof and tackled thirty-five Spaniards who were shooting up at them. For twenty mm-
Z\ ?XT g i,?™TS±T?nln?™Z*£Tst^ g , bayoneting and shooting raged and when it was all over there were fourteen hale A m er,cans left and tMrty-two
dead Spaniards. The other three were taken prisoners. .. ; , : : . . .
TRIED TO SHOOT
BISMARCK
In 1566 Bismarck was returning to his
home from the palace, where he had
been to see the King. While passing
through the large street of Berlin called
Unter den Linden, and quite near the
place where Hoedel and Nobeling after
ward attempted the life of Emperor
William, he suddenly heard a shot fired
close behind him. He turned sharply
around and saw a young man, who,
with a smoking revolver,* was aiming
at him. He strode up to ftie man at
once and seized the arm that held the
revolver, while with the other hand he
grasped the throat of the would-be
murderer. The latter, however, had
had time to pass his weapon into his
left hand, and now fired three shots in
quick succession. Bismarck felt himself
hurt in the shoulder and In one of his
ribs but he held his assailant fast until
some soldiers came up and took hold
Then Bismarck walked home at a
brisk pace, and reached his own house
long before anybody there could know
what had happened. The Countess had
some friends with her when her hus
band entered the drawing room. He
greeted all in a friendly manner and
begged to be excused for a few min
utes, as he had some urgent business
to attend to. He then walked into the
next room where his desk stood and
wrote to inform the King of the oc
currence. Having attended to this duty
he returned to the drawing room and
made one of his little standing Jokes,
"Well, are we to have no dinner to
day? You always keep me waiting."
He sat down and partook heartily of
the dishes set before him, and it waa
only when the dinner was over that he
walked up to the < 'oijntess, kissed her
on the forehead, wished her in the old
German way "Gesegnete Mahlzelt"
(may your meal be blessed), and then
added, "You see I am quite well." She
looked up at him. "Well," he contin
ued, "yon must not be anxious, my
child: somebody has fired at me, but it
Is nothing, as you see."
In 1860, when the tide of political paa
sion'still ran high, after the storm of
the preceding years, he went one day
into a Rathskeller in Berlin to take a
glass of Grunthaler beer; a man near
him. feeling himself supported by the
presence of his friends, began to abuße
a member of the royal family. Bis
marck looked at him and said quietly,
"If you have rot left this room before
I have finished my beer I'll break this
glass over your head," which he pro
ceeded to do, according to his promise,
calmly paying for the broken glass af
terward and walking leisurely away.
GENERAL FITZHUGH LEE ON CUBA`S POLITICAL FUTURE
JACKSON VIL.L.E, *ia., AUg. .:«.— -11l vie .riuijuu. iann.= <xim ...i.^o mki
war is no longer discussed. The question of supreme importance now
concerns the plans for the reconstruction of Cuba. "What will be the
political future of c island?" "How r r tensive is the military occu
pation to be?" and inquiries of similar import are the first to be put by
every man who has returned from Cuba since the signing of the protocol.
There is probabl. no other man in the country who can speak with so
much authority or so interestingly on the subject as Major General Fitzhugh
Lee. Since the probability of his appointment as Military Governor of Cuba
duriner the period of American occupation became a well denned certainty,
General Lee has maintained a dignified silence, refusing to t; Ik for publi
cation. Before he was summoned to Washington, however, while still in
command of the Seventh Army Corps in Jacksonville, he talked freely with
the Sunday Call's correspondent in regard to the subject of Cuba's political
future, as he was then able to do in an unofficial capacity. From the tone
of these utterances there is no doubt that General Lee understands and is in
complete accord with the views of the administration with regard to the
treatment of the Cuban situation. Following is what General Lee said at
thp time:
THE rules and regulations pre
scribing the course to be fol
lowed on the island of Cuba,
now that the war is over, will
be decided upon by the Govern
ment of the United States, but only so
tar as to embrace a provisional control
upon the part of the United States,
pending the formation of a govern- I
ment which will have the approval and
sonsent of a majority of the voters of
the island, as decreed and set forth by j
their representatives assembled in leg- j
islatlve conference.
Without, of course, being able to ,
foreshadow the policy of the Govern
ment of the United States, it may be
said that during the transition state
from Spanish to "home" rule, this Gov
ernment will insist upon peace and or
der everywhere, upon full security to
human life, and upon a strict mainte
nance cf property rights of all classes
and nationalities. In order to effect
that purpose it will be necessary to
have an armed occupation by the Unit
ed States troops as a sort of constabu
lary, or, in other words, as a guarantee
to the people who are now on the isl
and and to those who may hereafter
come that law and order and peace
will be insisted upon in all portions of
Cuba.
In taking this action the United
States can scarcely be accused of an
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
intention to interfere in any way,
shape or form with the government of
the island, which it is perfectly willing j
to leave to the people themselves, pro
vided the guarantees as before stated
are satisfactory.
Whether Cuba will ultimately become
a republic, or later be merged into an
American colony, and later still possi
bly into an American State, is a ques
tion for the future and for the people
of the island to determine. By proving
to the Spanish soldiers and residents
who elect to remain there and to Span
ish merchants and property holders
and others that a safe and suitable
government will be assured them, and
that their rights will be respected in
every particular as strictly as the
rights of all other classes of citizens, it
is to be hored that their assistance
may be obtained, with that of the con
servative Cubans and Americans, in
forming a government which will be
sufficient for all purposes. and which
will remain as formed until those in
terested under forms of law shall pro
ceed to change it.
The solution of the problem of estab
lishing a fair and stable government in
Cuba does not present any insurmount
able dilliculties. It is almost certain
that the interests of the people from
the United States and other countries
who are in Cuba now or who settle
therf» in the future will become too
great to be exposed to revolutionary
riots, even should there be found an
element disposed to them. The Span
iards and the foreign-born inhabitants
of the island will undoubtedly realize
that it is to their advantage to work in
harmony with the conservative und
law abiding portion of the natives for
the strict observance of the rights of
all.
It is difficult to say how many Ameri
can troops will be required for the oc- j
cupation of Cuba during the period ;
pending the organization of a stable i
and efficient local government. The j
number should be sufficient to inspire j
confidence in the complete preservation
of order, so that capital and enterprise ,
will not be afraid to invade the island
and do their nart in the work of its
restoration to peaceful prosperity. The
change will no doubt be gradual, the
United States troops taking the place
of the Spanish soldiery as fast as the
latter are withdrawn from the various
garrisons. As the mission of the Amer
icans is to preserve order and not to
wage war, it will scarcely be necessary j
to move them into Cuba in numbers \
equal to those of the retiring Span
iards. It may seem wise, however, to
the Government of the United States to
take advantage of tnis opportunity to
give some of the volunteer soldiers who
did not have the opportunity to partici
pate in the active hostilities a chance
to secure a somewhat more thorough
military training than they have thus
far obtained. This consideration may
lead to the employment of a larger
body of men than would otherwise be
used, and to the taking of some of the
newer volunteer regiments for this
service.
It is not conceivable that the native
inhabitants of Cuba will receive the
troops of the United States in any un
friendly or hostile spirit. They must
realize that it is to the arms of the
United States that they owe their
speedy deliverance from Spanish rule,
that the mission of the United States
in the island is not one of conquest, but
of friendly concern for the establish
ment of order, and that it is to their
advantage as well as to that of the
other residents of the island to make
the task as light as possible.
An encouraging factor in the problem
of Cuba's political future is presented
by the attitude of the provisional gov
ernment, as explained by their repre
sentatives in this country, and by the
emissary who has just come from their
headquarters in Cuba. From this it
appears that those who now control
the administration of civi! affairs In
the island are willing and anxious to
assist to the fullest extent of their t
lower in,' bringing about the establish
ment of a suitable and ; satisfactory
government. It seems to be :no part of
;heir plan to seize the reins of govern
ment or even to hold the authority
that has already been intrusted to
hem, as was attempted in the case of
some of the South American countries
m the achievement of their independ
ence. On the contrary, the terms under
which the present civil administration
exists and which it has declared its in
tention of respecting; provide for the
-ailing of an assembly representing as
nearly as possible all classes in Cuba,
md to turn over to this assembly. their
present authority and leave to it the
task of constructing * v a new govern
ment.
This procedure, If carried out, will be
the first step taken by the Cubans un
der the protection of the United States
toward their own government as a free
people. Its conduct. will be, in a meas
ure, a test of the | ability of the Cuban
people" to control and direct their own
affairs. To the American .who has
watched the successful ..operation of
our own constitution It will- doubtless
be an encouraging indication that the
political leaders of the. Cuban people
seem disposed to accept its principles
and general outline for their own gov
ernment. .'.'■- -' .-'_■' - v . ...
The < greatest i need -of : Cuba at the
present, time is '1 peace; : . peace in , which
to bind up and I heal the , wounds | inflict-,
ed by a. ; severe ' and devastating : war; :
peace in which to develop; her rich; re
sources and to gain a start '■ on the high
road -to I prosperity peace i guaranteed
by every safeguard which her own poo
ple and the ■:■ people who =:- have v finally
achieved her : Independence " ; can pro
vide. --- ■/ - ■-• : -'
,» ♦ ■
FIRED A SALUTE
FOR JOE PIPER
SPINNING yarns Invites competi
tion around the soldiers' camp
fire. Here Is a good story told by
a lieutenant who had seen ser
vice among the marines in his
early life.
"When I joined the navy I war as
signed to duty on an old bark-rigged
ship attached to the North Atlantic
squadron. Her guns were nauzzle-load
OF all the fierce and bloody hand-to-hand conflicts in the war that of the
regulars In the blockhouse at El Caney was the most glorious. Nineteen
men of the Ninth Infantry dropped through a hole In the roof and tackled
thirty-five Spaniards who were shooting up at them. For twenty min
utes it was give and take and no mercy asked. Stabbing, bayoneting
and shooting raged and when it was all over there were fourteen hale Americana
left and thirty-two dead Spaniards. The other three were taken prisoners
And this fierce battle was really the end of two days and a night of fighting.
On the morning of July 1 the entire American camp was awake before day
light Men moved about in the mists of dawn busy with preparations for bat
f for it was known that on this day the advance on Santiago was to be made.
All that day they fought in the tropic heat and when night came knew
■Henced all baUenes and captured all Spaniards except those in one positio,
In and around the blockhouse.
The troops hrrt moved to the foot of San Juan Hill.
and' stifling/: %. ■ •' ' imV ieldine, • One man rushed up , to
the Window and pushes his reviver '"'£• £7^ "juS, trying lo force
th "so""thTn S must be don. or th. "little band win have to retreat. Despera.
tion is upon them. aealnst the wall and In an Instant
»i?£firff «i£2JEi«2rd£ a,. «**.
li^il^iiiilii^Sl so they cannot *
""SLfSSn-X rJSUg .drop, ,n but In -.TSJ'&SftS oXrTxt'
X. a e'n"fhrroo? n.5n .5 £& •i 2£» o £* c the «*•"?«■ men drop '" as "*"
" TheVKiln. the hind-to-hand conflict without quarter. Not a man ask.
It; not a soldier expects It. _ ,„_„ of Dow aer almost suffocating Smok«
The heat is intense and the fumes 01 ? connlc- In the dark. »*?.;«!
and flying debris and dust make It nl °; t^ a o g, o oa from the first. Our boys
But there was not time to think. It was mo From f
were crowded Into a corner ** an a shot shoot. at them. Then
SET tw > e e n,rm.nu dd e 88 S PP o OOkO f ke heU Ut .t th ww la.^1 a.^ slash and .hoot. The «oor wa,
soaked with blood. -: last-when . „ _ Spaniards left- Of- the thirty
five thirty-two men killed and three '***"™" ™ wounded. But the fourteen
SSiS€f JfVSK "But .?h r er'e cB O no more need of nghtin*
for the;battle.of El Caney. was over. in for unstinted enthusiastic praise
for The regulars the army have^ come in for die tUnT Bufert Hughes, who
for their great work from. all the^orre sponde nts o Rupert Hughes, who
papers are beginning to award them the xnead ««e states and Spain ranks the
are particularly interesting in suml " l f n fh^ P Yankee soldier has loat none of ita
'-The indomitable mapiificance .of a landing without the loss
luster to-day. There at Santiago our forces through the jungle back to
of a life, invested the city and drove tnebpan hem out of these with a
their labyrinth "of: trenches the genUenes? to plead with the enemy to
fatal persistence that did not lack tne gen .
avoid useless sacrifice to * urth «$ T J*" ie _as one up higher than the . Balaklava
"And another American regiment has c^ wer ty . f ourth Regulars led a
or the Plevna heroes. For Captain Ducat or tne d * ith seve nty-five men
gTortous charge up a long hiU at San Juan . hejtar^ But though
and only twenty-two of them re »"»eaii American fact, is that they
they lost fifty-seven killed the important fact t jn men wned seventy-
: S*Sff uUe?Vf Or iound% PP d e ™ere Inown the percentage of casualties
would be doubtless still greater er of the American soldier is what
"The most noteworthy quality, however OI death.' It is true
Rochefort called a part jcu^rly^ Amenca^W "^^.^ that hold or &a m ground
mX^'of'sucV^ high percentages ol ■ 1«^ slau&hte r f and the loss of one
"The word 'decimation is H. sed *° r v n^ " ies it is believed, to justify retreat,
man in ten is certainly heavy. v s e n r d m lreater losses. At Shiloh, Mur, ?
But with us whole armies haye | suffered iar« d wounded ranged from 16 to d
sr^^^ff l^^^^ 11^" whole force has lost over :pel: pe l
cent in killed and wounded. . ■_ Brigade made a foolish charge bravely
andlon^m^arrth^^a^l^cr it suffered a loss of 3, per cent
""^n^he'cTv^war 263 men
whole division at Gettysburg and. l e « '°f |°,°X tost 37 per cent: and accom;
away the rebel colors.. While t °?_"f" b llmaeri the First Minnesota lost 88
60 per cent. Th. Flrrt^Texn, , ■»°« h ™J Jllna p only three men escaped out
of e e,?h^se?en f « .-^ more^han 9 e per ce^nt. _
EH'annn'dS. d'oSt^celdTheSof Granfs army In the week end ng
M^Sn I t?ki,,ed^and «jndjd^^^rff,^T^^&Sr«S:
r ?-The reason for this »» hes "i- o J e h S'l.ry in the world's history th.
r ?'The reasons «h' s u "f Yhe nercesf^oldlery'ln the world's history was
nation's own heart. - ' - - ■ ■- -;
ofThese o,d fellows, to which we kids
used to listen in open-mouthed won
der We didn't always believe the tales
of course but we were too discreet to
say so. One man did laugh disdain
fully at one old salt's yarn and he was
in sick bay for a week afterward.
"Old Harry Sharp, chief bos'n's
mate who had been with Hull on the ]
Constitution, told me one story of a j
little event that took place at Naga
saki, Japan, -hen we weren't as
friendly with the British as we are
now.
"The ship In v.Mch Sharp was serv
ing in 1870 was assigned to service in
Asiatic waters. She was commanded
by Captain Joseph Piper, who had as
much love for a Britisher as Satan has
for holy water. One afternoon the
ship was swinging at anchor with 20 j
fathoms of chain out when the lookout |
reported a British man-of-war coming j
into the harbor flying the admiral's
pennant. That meant a salute. Gun
crews were piped and the salute was
fired, the Britisher replying gun for
gun. Twenty-one guns were fired, and
then, to the surprise of everybody,
Captain Piper turned to his quarter
gunner and said, 'Fire six more guns.
Astonishment was depicted on every
line of the gunner's face, but an order
was gospel to him, and bang! bang,
in quick succession went six more
guns. When the Englishman had
reached her anchorage and while the
admiral *\vas on the American with his
flag lieutenant the younger officer said
to Captain Piper: 'Pardon me. cap
tain, but we have been two weeks com
ing from the South Sea Islands, and
has there been any change in the in
ternational code of salutes in that
time?'
" 'Well,' said Piper, 'I fired 21 guns
for the queen of England, five for the
United States and one for Joe Piper, by
God.'
"The Englishmen left the ship, and
later the matter was investigated
through the United States Minister at
Tokio, and every mother's son of the
American crew swore by all that was
good and holy that only 21 guns had
been fired. But the upshot of it all
was that Piper was relieved from the
command and sent home."
LIQUID AIR
FOR BLASTING
HE most interesting application
r \ y o f liquid air which has hitherto
I been tried on a commercial scale
! is to make an explosive by mix
in? it with carbon. So said Pro
fessor Ewing in a paper just read be
fore the London Society of Arts. When
liquid air, enriched by the evaporation
of a large part of its nitrogen, is mixed
with powdered charcoal, it forms an
explosive comparable in powder to dy
namite, and which, like dynamite, can
be made to go oft violently by using;
a detonator.
To make the explosive the liquid, con
taining about 40 or BO per cent of oxy
gen, is poured on fragments of wood
charcoal, two to four cubic millimeters
in size. These are kept from scattering -
under the ebullition of the liquid by
mixing them into a sort of sponge with
about one-third of their weight of cot
ton wool. The liquid which remains is,
of course, richer in oxygen than that
which is originally applied, and when
the mixture is allowed to stand long,
all the liquid evaporates and the ex
plosive power disappears. It must,
' therefore, be mixed at or near the place
I where it is to be used. But the cotton
i wadding, impregnated with coarse
charcoal powder, can take up more
than enough of the liquid to supply
oxygen for its complete combustion,
arid when put quickly into thick in
sulating cases of paper, it retains its
full explosive power for five or ten
minutes. After an interval, which
ranges from fifteen to thirty minutes,
according to the size of the cartridge,
all explosive power is lost.
Experiments were made with this ex
plosive on the parade ground at Mu
nich, and a practical test on a large
scale has gone on for some months In a
coal mine at Pensburg, not far from
Munich, and are claimed to have given
very satisfactory results.
The chief advantage of the explosive
j is its cheapness, the cost being simply
I that of the power used in liquefying the
air. Even the fact that after a short
time the mixture ceases to be capable
of exploding may be urged as * recom
mendation in one respect, foi- if a de
tonator hangs fire there i* no -tanger
of the charge going off accidentally
some time .after the explosion « due,
nor is there any danger of 1* being
purloined or used for criminal purposes
It is questionable, however, if such
an unstable explosive can ever be
found either convenient or economical,
except, perhaps, in large quarries
where a large amount of blasting Is to
{be done at one place.SNAKES BY THE MILLION
COIL OF SNAKES BREAKING THE LIMB OF A TREE.
When the rocks get too warm in the hot summer days the
snakes love to climb into the trees bordering the river and en
joy the warm air. For some reason they take a great delight in
forming a wriggling, coiling network of snakes. As this ball
of snakes increases in size by eager newcomers the limb grad
ually bends, and very frequently the increasing mass of rep
tiles break it. Along the river bank are scores of branches and
limbs that have been broken in this fashion.
SNAKES, snakes everywhere; but
not one them will bite.
There are hundreds, thou
sands, millions of them, all
spread out on the logs at the
foot of Klamath Falls in Ore
gon.
And what Is more the residents up
there rather encourage their existence.
For any one caught killing any of them
Is likely to be zealously prosecuted. In
fact, it Is a case of the people liking
snakes.
These water snakes of the Klamath
River are one of the wonders of nat
ural history. Scientists have spent
years in studying them and there is
a great deal -"■>♦ to learn. The snakes
are absolutely harmless and belong to
what is known as the "eutaenia" fam
ily. For miles and miles up and down
the river they can be seen at any time
during the warm season. During the
winter they roll themselves into living
balls, sink to the soft mud at the bot
tom of the river and pass several
months hibernating.
These snakes seem to be most nu
merous in the vicinity of Klamath.
Falls, the county seat of Klamath
County, Oregon. This is a town of 1500
people and makes some pretension to
being metropolitan. Yet there are
snakes running wild in the streets all
summer long.
• Early in the spring the snakes come
from the bottom of the river and dur
ing the first warm days spend their
time sunning themselves on the logs.
As the season wears along the snakes
become more and more numerous, until
the logs will no longer hold them and
they begin to climb the river banks.
At "first they are rather timid and
scurry off into the water at the ap
proach of a human being, but in a short
time soon grow to learn that no harm
will come to them. When this stage of
intimacy with the inhabitants of Klam
ath Falls is reached the snakes can be
watched from a =hort distance' and they
will not pay the least attention. It is
even possible to walk among them, but
not many people care to do this.
Although the people up in Klamath
Falls know the snakes are no more
harmful than a pigeon, nobody ever
goes in swimming during the "snake
season."
To see the snakes amusing themselves
on the river bank during the long
TUMBLING c ROLL OF SNAKES BACK INTO THE RIVER.
In the early fall, when the rocks are beginning to take on a slight chill the
snakes have the fashion of gathering in balls. Per haps it arises through the
gelfishncss of the big snakes trying to keep above the chill rocks by coiling over
the smaller snakes. At any rate, these ballu of snakes are frequently seen of the
size of big barrels. Before they begin to grow torpid through the weather the
whole ball will dissolve and slip away if a stone is thrown into the heap. Later
on they become so torpid that a ball of them is sometimes rolled over by using a
piece of board as a lever.
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1893.
t hours of a warm day is a signi. iievei iv
be forgotten. They are quite playful
and exhibit a great deal more liveli
[ ness than would be expected of them.
1 But it is a sight that gives most people
1 the "creeps." In fact, many people In
Klamath Falls cannot be induced to go
near the river for fear of seeing horri
ble sights.
What starts the snakes seems to be
something of a mystery. A bunch of
several thousand will be stretched out
on the rocks as motionless as if dead.
Suddenly one moves, then another and
another. Instantly the whole mass be
gins to wriggle. Here and there the
snakes glide over one another uttering
a peculiar squeal that is almost blood
curdling.
Then the fun begins. The snakes are
from five to six feet in length and
thick in proportion. Their bodies are
correspondingly heavy, but they move
about with the greatest ease. All
through the wriggling mass big fellows
can be seen raising themselves high in
the air and snapping their jaws, just
as if they were angry and would attack
the first creature that came near them.
But it is all fun, and when they get
tired they draw out to one side and give
some of the others a chance.
In a few minutes the wriggling mass
somehow gets to moving in a circle.
Round and round they go, one trying to
catch the other, but never succeeding.
The air is now full of squeals of the
blood-curdling kind.
After the snakes have been "exercis
ing" a few minutes a peculiar. Inde
scribable odor can be noticed. At first
it is not very unpleasant, but after a
while a similarity to skunk can be de
tected. What the smell eventually be
comes is not known, for at this stage
of the game all spectators move back
as far as is necessary.
•Why don't you people get rid of
those snakes?" I asked one of the In
habitants who had been watching the
performance one day last week.
"Don't want to," he replied. "They
are useful as well a"s ornamental. And
besides there's another reason why we
don't give the boys permission to go
out among them with clubs."
"What's that?" I asked.
"They'd smell bad."
"Don't they smell bad now?"
"Yes, pretty bad, that's true, but that
ain't a marker to the way they'd smell
If ten thousand dead ones was piled
WILD RIDES
ON THE
OLD SANTA FE TRAIL.
Remarkable experience of Buffalo Bill, F. X. Aubrey and
other famous scouts and daring pony express messengers.
THE old Santa Fe trail, 'Ike many
of the world's great highways,
has been a racecourse at times,
over which some of the most
marvelous rides have been ef
fected by men w" -se powers of
endurance have never been excelled In
history.
Among those who were famous as
long distance riders In the days of the
"Commerce of the Prairies" was F. X.
Aubrey. His remarkable feats In this
particular have certainly never been
up on the river bank- You've never
Bmelled dead snake."
"But how axe they useful?" I asked.
"Principally In the orchards. Don't
(enow how we'd get along if It wasn't
'or them snakes. All we do is let them
ilone and they simply go in and Just
help themselves to all sorts of bugrs,
ints, gophers and small animals that
play the mischief with fruit trees. And
the snakes don't stay on the ground
;ither. Not much. If there's any ani
"na! up a tree that they want they go
jp and get him. And these snakes will
tackle any other kind of snake that
hey meet. Rattlers are their favorites.
md it don't take them long to do 'em
We were standing on the sidewalk
n front of Sherring's saloon and I was
istening eagerly to all the old resident
)f Klamath Falls had to tell me, en
:irely oblivious to surroundings.
Suddenly he took hold of my coat and
gave it a gentle tug. "Step off here
a moment an"d let them pass by,"
he said.
I did as told and stood in the gut
ter while a brace of large snakes
rapidly passed along the sidewalk
in the direction of the river.
"But don't these snakes ever do
any harm?" I asked.
"Oh, yes; everything has its draw
backs, you know," the old timer re
plied. "On these warm days, after
a cold night, the snakes climb into
the trees and hang there in a sort
of network. As long as there are
only a few it don't matter, but
sometimes they get so thick they
break the branches and ruin the
"There's another trick these
snakes have," he continued, after a
pause, "but you won't see it until
next month. That's rolling them
selves into balls. Hundreds of
them get together and mix them
selves up so badly you can't
tell which Lead and tail belongs to the
same snake. And it takes them a long
time to get apart. I've seen some men
roll a ball of them as big as a barrel
and tumble it kerplash into the river.
How the snakes on the inside manage
to live Is more than I can say."
Snakes are not the only queer things
they have in abundance at Klamath
Falls. This is also the "toad" season.
At this time myriads of the tiny sau
rians come down on one side of the
river, cross the bridge, go right through
the town and up on the other side.
Where they come from and where they
go to no Klamath resident knows.
These toads are about one inch long,
and are a feast for the snakes. The
reptiles swallow at least a dozen of
them apiece, and still there are always
millions of toads Ipft, hopping, hop
ping toward the bridge, across it anti
into the country beyond.
As well as snakes and toads, Klam
ath Falls also has a periodical visit
from a bullfrog "wave." This comes
every three or four years, and "mil
lions" again is the only numeral that
will describe the quantity of the rep
tiles. They always come during the
skin shedding season and wander far
from the river bank, on warm days
they will get on the sunny side of a
house and pile on top of one another
as high as the window sills. Here they
pull off their skins and eat them. After
this act is accomplished they disap
pear, no man knows where.
All summer the inhabitants of Klam
ath Falls have some aquatic visitor to
interest them, and when the long win
ter days come and the rain comes
down in torrents many grow quite lone
ly and long for the return of the snake
season.
In Teneriffe the people communicate
with each other at a distance of over
four miles by an organized system of
whistling.
excelled, If they have even ever been
equaled, which is doubtful.
Aubrey was a Scotch-Canadian by
birth and emigrated direct from Quebec
to the remote West. He was a man of
education, apparently, for I find that
he was the author of one or two meri
torious articles on a journey and so
journ in California, which were pub
lished in one of the r jly magazines of
the country, about the time of the dis
covery of gold on the Pacific Coast. He
had also traveled extensively through
the then almost inaccessible region of
what is now the territory of Arizona,
and from him was first learned the fact
that the savages of that remote Mexi
can country employed gold bullets in
charging their crude firearms.
General Marcy met F. X. Aubrey in
1849, who had just returned from Cali
fornia, and en route crossed the Colo
rado near the outlet of the big canyon,
where he met some Indians, with
whom, he informed Marc he ex
changed leaden for golden rifle balls,
and that these Indians did not have
the slightest idea of the relative value
of the two metals.
The first ride Aubrey attempted was
in 1850. He made a bet that he could
cover the distance from Sxnta Fe.
N. M., to Independence Mo., over the
trail, in alght days. It is 765 miles be
tween the two points via the "Santa
Fe trail," as the freight caravans
traveled it, and by that route, on a
wager of $1000, Aubrey was to ride.
Aubrey succeeded in winning, making
his destination, the Jones House in In
dependence, three hours before the ex
piration of his time. During this, his
first ride, he killed a number of horses,
the death of one when within twenty
five miles of Council Grove compelling
him to walk to that place, carrying hip
saddle on his back, where he obtained
another anlmart and continued his won
derful ride.
This feat of Aubrey's was regarded
as the greatest ride ever made by any
one in ancient or modern times, and he
became the hero of the incipient bor
der town. Independence, where he was
feted and made the lion of the day.
His fame spread throughout the entire
c WARM CORNER ON THE ROCKS, KLAMATH FALLS, OREGON.
From a photograph by Mrs. Sarah E. Harshbarger.
The photograph from which this sketch was made was taken in a quiet corner of the Harshbarger back
yard, which runs down to the river. The photograph was taken during the summer, when the temperature of the
days and nights was warm and even. In the fall of the year, when the nights are chill and the days are warm, the
snakes gather in the greatest number, for they dearly love to come out of the cold water and task in the warm sun
shine. At that season it is impossible in some places to see the ground on account of the wriggling, worming, tor
pid mass.
West, including California, where he
was well known.
Although pec-ple marveled much at
the wonderful endurance of the man,
and the remarkable time In which ne
had made the trip, still Aubrey himself
was not at ail satisfied with it. He de
termined to break that record, and the
following: season he made another
wager, of, $5000 in gold, that he would
succeed in doing P . -.
He accomplished his record-breaking
clash across the great plains in the
marvelous time of only five days and
thirteen hours. His objective point
was the same hotel, the Jones House,
where he had ridden to on his former
trip. On this one, when he reached
that hostelry, he was perfectly ex
hausted and in a fainting condition, his
horse quivering from head to foot and
white with foam. Aubrey was lifted
from the back of his faithful animal by
His friends and carried into his room in
the house, where he lay in a complete
stupor for two dnys.
Six horses, which previous to- starting
from Santa Fe had been stationed at
distances varying from twenty-live to
"fty miles along the route, fell dead
under him, so terribly fast did he force
them on.
He possessed a beautiful mare Nel
lie, a favorite animal, noted for her
speed and endurance, but she expired
at the eid of the first 150 miles
Aubrey was killed by Major Richard
v eightman, a volunteer officer of the
Mexican War. and at the time of the
tragedy was publishing a paper In
Santa Fe. He and Aubrey had been
warm friends for years. After his sec
ond great ride Aubrey left Santa Fe for
California, and upon his departure for
that region Weightman published an
account of his friends leaving, which,
however, did not at all meet with Au
brey's approval. Upon the latter's re
turn to Santa Fe in 1554 he and Weight
man met, of course, journeyed to a
saloon, where both ordered whisky but
before either had time to raise' his
glass to his mouth Aubrey said to
Weightman, "Why did you publish that
lie about my going to California?"
The manner in which Aubrey put the
question angered Alajor Weightman,
and he threw his whisky in Aubrey's
face. Aubrey reached for his revolver,
but before he could draw it Weightman
sprang upon him and plunged his bowle
knife into Aubrey's heart, killing him
instantly. Weightman was, of course,
acquitted of the charge of murder.
Aubrey lies buried in an unknown
grave.
On his last great ride he rode day and
night, stopping only long enough to leap
from his tired animal and spring on
a fresh one. He made more than 200
miles every twenty-four hours, and all
the sleep he took aggregated but three
hours during the entire five days. Au
brey's ride eclipsed that famous one
recorded in the old English legends of
the outlaw Dick Turpin, from London
to York.
Weightman was a dapper little fel
low, extremely polite and affable, prid
ing himself upon "first family" connec
tions, and always sported a fine cane.
He had a small round ball of a head,
bald on top. light hair, florid com
plexion and small, piercing, deep-set
eyes. He was a man of some ability,
a fierce Southerner and defender of
slavery. He was plucky. He was as poor
as he was proud, a high liver, with the
tastes and habits of a millionaire and
the purse of a pauper. He resided
In Atchison. Kan., for several years;
was City Recorder for one or two terms
and was a candidate for re-election In
1861, but was defeated. When de
prived of his office he was literally re
iuced to extremities. Weightman was
a most gullant officer in the Mexican
war, and when hostilities commenced
between the North and South he joined
.he Confederate forces, with whom all
lis sympathies were enlisted. At the
errible battle of Wilson's Creek, at the
lead of his brigade, he was ki'.led at the
i^ery summit of "Bloody Hill"- three
mllets pierced his body. He and Gen
?rU Lyon fell within thirty -"-arris o
>ach other. Both were brou-rht off the
leld and laid side by side upon blank
;ts under the shade of the same tree.
William F. Cody (Buffalo Bill) has
nade a remarkable record as a long
llstance rider, not for speed, but endur
mce. Cody's famous ride over portions
»f the "old Santa Fe trail." and its
•amifying branches, was of such a
■haracter as to call forth the encomi
ims of General Sheridan, who refers to
t In his "Memoirs," aa well as General
a. I. Dodge, himself a distinguished
SNAKES GORGING THEMSELVES WITH TOADS.
Klamath Falls has another Silurian wonder outside its
millions of snakes. Every year in the fall, about September,
countless toads, about the size of one's thumb, come hopping
through one end of the town and make for the other end and
across the big bridge which spans the river. Where they
come from and where they go nobody knows. All the inhabit
ants have to say is that regularly every year in the fall the
deluge of toads passes through the town and disappears over
the bridge and there's millions of them. The snakes make
an annual feast of these little fellows, and they gather by the
thousands at the bridge to intercept them. Each snake
usually devours ttight or en toads, but this evidently makes
no impression on the number of toads, for, according to tha
natives, ''there's always millions of toads left."
The Klamath Falls has another wonder — its bullfrogs.
The deluge of bullfrogs comes along every three or four years
and, like the toads, there doesn't seem to be any limit to them.
They pile up in the warm corners of porches and back yards
several feet deep, get the chill out of their bones and then,
like the toads, they hop along and disappear .
army officer of hierh rank, who was
nevertheless a plainsman and hunter
of more than average prowess.
Cody's remarkable ride occurred at
the breaking out of the war declared
against the allied plains tribes during
the winter of 1868-69, in which cele
brated campaign General Sheridan took
the field In person, having such Indian
fighters as Sully and Ouster as his
principal lieutenants. Cody tells the
"story in excellent taste, and although I
was in active service at the same time,
and was cognizant of the, facts. I shall
quote fully from Cody's own version, as
published in his excellent autobiogra
phy. It was commenced on the day
on which Cody had his funny yet
rather tragic experience with Santata,
the war chief of the Kiowas, when Cody
"pulled the wool over the eyes" of the
wicked old savage regarding some cat
tle which had no existence in fact, crea
tures of Cody's fertile imagination, yet
the necessary lie was the means of sav
ing the famous scout's scalp. The
story will be found in full in the chap
ter of "Famous Men of the Trail," In
my "The Old Santa Fe Trail."
Cody says: "The commanding offi
cer at Fort Dodge was anxious to send
some dispatches to Fort Lamed, but
the scouts, like those at Fort Hays,
were rather backward in volunteering,
as it was considered a very dangerous
undertaking to make the trip. As Fort
Lamed was my post, and as I wanted
to go there anyhow, I said to Austin
that I would carry the dispatches, and
if any of the boys wished to go along
I would like to have them for com
pany. Austin reported my offer to the
commanding officer, who sent for me and
said he would be happy to have me tako
the dispatches, if I could stand the trip
on top of all that I had already done.
'All I want Is a good fresh horse, sir,'
I said.
" 'I am sorry to say that we haven't
a decent horse here; but we have a re
liable and honest government mule, if
that Avill do,' said the officer. 'Trot
out your mule," said I, 'that's good
enough for me. I'm ready at any time,
sir."
When the trip was finished I had rid
den from Fort Lamed to Fort Zarah,
sixty-five miles — there and back — in
twelve hours, which included the time
I was taken by the Indians across the
Arkansas. In the succeeding twelve
hours I had gone from Fort TTays to
Fort Dodge, thirty miles on horseback,
and thirty-five miles on foot, to Fort
Lamed. and the next night sixty-five
miles more to Fort Hays. Altogether I
had ridden and walked 355 miles in
fifty-eight hours, or an average of six
miles an hour. Of course, this may not
be regarded as very fast riding, but
taking into consideration the fact that
it was mostly done in the night and over
a wild country. with no roads to fol
low, and that I had to be continually on
the lookout for Indians, It was thought
at the time to be a big ride, as well as
a most dangerous one."
1920
HIGHEST POINT
ON OUR
CONTINENT
AND THE
BIGGEST VOLCANO
IN AMERICA
is owned by U.S.
MT. WRANGELL, ALASKA, THE HIGHEST PEAK OND THE BIGGEST VOLCANO ON THE
AMERICAN CONTINENT.
No object has so much attracted the attention of the miners swarming up the Copper Biver
country as this huge apex of America. Not only is it the most titanic sight in that land, -where
nature builds giants with giant hands, but it is the heart and center of oceans of mountains around it.
Naturally the prospector thinks that may be, being the highest point, it is the point from which the
gold is washed down into the surrounding streams. That is the reason they fix their eyes longingly
upon it and plan to prospect its great sides. But no white man has ever yet set foot upon it, though
scores have tried. The Indians will not guide them there, because they believe it is bewitched. And
no man, unless properly provisioned? dare attempt to reach its desolate slopes. It is eternally robed
in snow from base to summit and from its ice-rimmed apex huge flame and billows of smoke con
stantly shoot up from the interior inferno. E. Hazard Wells, who has explored and surveyed over a
large part of Alaska, attempted to reach Mount Wrangell recently. Below will be found his story of
the trip.
NO white man has ever set foot
upon the apex of the North
American continent. That high
point is the crater of an active
volcano, the biggest on our con- j
tinent, and it all belongs to. Un- j
cle Sam. There is a point in Alaska j
where primeval nature, gathering to- j
gether all of its titanic energies, piled j
mountains one upon another, in chaotic
masses, surmounting the whole with a
giant volcano, robed in snow from base j
to summit and from whose ice-rimmed ,
nostrils now issue seething flames,
springing from an inferno beneath.
Mount Wrangell is the name applied
to the volcano. It was so named by the
early Russians in honor of Baron
Wrangell, at the time Governor of the j
territory by appointment of the Czar.
It is not a matter of record as to
whether or not the Baron ever caught
a glimpse of his towering namesake,
although the flaming summit can be
Men for a hundred miles across the
tempest-tossed region. It is known,
however, that up to the present day, no
white man has ever ascended the peak
or even placed foot upbn its base. It j
remains for some daring explorer who I
is willing to take his life in his hands i
to push boldly over the encircling j
mountain ridges and attempt the as- <
cent. Should he succeed, he will ac
complish a notable mountaineering
feat and will, no doubt, be able to add
much to geographical knowledge.
The Mount Wrangell region is to-day
one of the few on the North American
continent that has defied intrusion. To
add to its specific interest, the native
inhabitants of Central Alaska fear to
approach the locality, having, for some
reason, a mysterious dread of "fire
mountain" as they term it.
There is not an Indian to be found
within fifty miles of Mount Wrangell.
Not one will approach it any closer.
More interesting still is the fact that
Indian tradition, or more properly
speaking, wandering reports, state that
in the secluded region around Mount
Wrangell gigantic animals with curved
white tusks roam through the dark
forests. Every Indian will tell you this
story and warn you away from the lo
cality, saying that it is "no good" and
that you will surely perish if you at
tempt to enter.
It should be stated here that Mount
Wrangell is located near the head of
Copper River, from which point of
vantage it can be. seen about forty
miles to the eastward, rising up behind
successive ridges of lofty mountains.
Apparently it is not practicable to ap
proach the volcano from this direction.
' During the present summer hundreds
of gold seekers pushing up the Copper
River have, no doubt, sighted the peak
and have marveled at its altitude. Still,
it seems highly improbable that any
one of them has had the temerity to
attempt to cross the intervening moun
tains and try to make an ascent with
out ice axes and other proper climbing
equipment. The scaling of the Matter
horn in Europe is undoubtedly an easier
undertaking than the scaling of Mount
Wrangell.
According to reports coming from
Copper River, most of the prospectors
are turning back, disheartened and dis
couraged with the prospect before them,
and but few have persevered and push
ed on toward the headwaters. It is the
fair presumption that these men will
suffer great hardships and will be lucky
if they escape starvation, as the re
gion supplies no food In the summer
months. I speak from personal knowl
edge. Should these adventurers suc
ceed, however, in pressing on, they will
find the only practicable route through
the mountains to He in the direction of
the Tanana Riv«r, by way of the Lake
Mentasta or the Lake Susiota passes.
These courses will take them to the
westward of Mount Wrangell. Should
some of them double back from the
Tanana, following a southeasterly
course, then it may be possible for them
to reach the great volcano, as that is
the only apparent avenue for success
ful approach.
No man who has ever gazed from a
distance upon the claud-piercing sum
mit of Mount Wrangell will be apt to
dispute its sovereignty as the loftiest
upon the North American continent.
True, it has not been measured, but
triangulation, or the aneroid and the
boiling point thermc-meter, are not nec
essary to form a correct conclusion. At
the present time the few authorities in
the country concede pre-eminence to
Mount Wrangell over Mount St. Elias.
It is a cu.se of the giant and the ordi
nary man standing before one. There
is no need tor the measuring tape.
It was my fortune in 1890 to attempt
to reach Mount Wrangell. No white
man had tried it previously. The early
Russians had been content to look upon
the baron's namesake from the lower
Copper River. Seventeen of them un
der Seberinoffski had paid for their
temerity in doirg even this back in the
sixties. The Copper River natives had
massacred the entire party. Later, in
ISBS, Lieutenant Allen had pushed up
the Copper, despite great difficulties,
and had crossed to the Tanana River,
sighting Mount Wrangell from a dis
tance approximately of forty miles, but
had made no attempt to reach the vol
cano. The lieutenant, with his party of
two men, barely escaped starvation.
From that time up to 1890 no one tried
to penetrate the region toward Wran
gell.
When in the summer of '90 I started
with two white men and an Indian from
Forty-mile Creek on the Yukon, tramp
ing overland toward the far-distant
volcano, I little dreamed of the start
ling adventures that were soon to be
fall us. We carried our slender stock
of provisions upon our backs and had
no shelter save a square piece of mus
lin to spread over our heads in case of
a storm. Altogether we had about
thirty pounds of provisions to the man,
but were hopeful that our two rifles
and shotgun would be efficient to avert
starvation. Some risk we expected, but
not such as did befall.
Three weeks of wearisome tramping
and mc.ntain climbing took us across
the Tanana and well into the dark, for
bidding mountains that form the outer
barriers of the Mount Wrangell region.
Our provisions became exhausted. Lit
tle game in the way of rabbits and
grouse could be secured. Our scant
meals had fallen from two to one per
day. Then came a time when there
was nothing! Mountains enclosed us
in their gloomy silence. In the valley
of the Tokio, up which we slowly
pushed, nature ceemed to mock us!
Balmy breezes played through the
evergreens. Insects hummed on every
side. The sun smiled down from above,
bringing us no cheer. We, human
creatures, hungered and starved!
Never shall I forget those days of dire
distress! Here and there we found the
tracks of moose and large bears. The
country seemed to be infested with the
brutes, judging from the number of
tracks we saw at various points. Once
I kneeled down upon the sand on the
bank of the Tokio and measured prints
thirteen inches across. Only a monster
could have made them. Still we saw
no signs of the immediate presence of
the animals. No doubt they had been
driven up into the higher ranges of
the mountains by the terrible mosqui
toes. The swarms of these little pests
made us almost frantic. They kept up
their attacks by day as well as by
night.
In front of us the country rose
steeply. Immense glaciers appeared.
The perspective was grand and appall
ing. The tempest-tossed ranges, mass
ing toward the zenith, seemed to lose
themselves in the very heavens. Cold,
steel-colored clouds rode down upon
the north winds in darkening masses.
There was a portent in the air.
It was one August evening that wit
nessed the eating of our last batch of
bread. We cooked the dough in our
frying pan while resting upon the
mountain side. Ahead of us lay an un
known region. Behind lay a trading
post three hundred miles distant in ajn
air line. Between were mountains, ra
vines and swamps. We dared not at
tempt to go back and we could not go
forward. The great volcano was dl
i rectly in our front, not fifty miles
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
away. So near and yet so very far. To
attempt to reach and scale it with no
food and scarcely any equipment, even
blankets, was sheer madness. And yet
we were loth to give up the attempt.
We had come so far and had suffered
so much.
A caucus was held upon the moun
tain side. Up to this time I had di
rected the movements of the party, but
now it seemed right that every man
should have his vote and that the ma
jority should decide.
Frank Price, the Arctic sailor of the
little band, whose great strength had
pushed us through many a tight place
in the days gone by, declared that "the
jig was up." Frank thought of his
home and friends in Oakland, Cal., and
it was evident that he never expected
to see them any more. De Hass, the
old mountaineer of the party, who had
spent his life in the Rockies, muttered
something under his breath about the
present "lack even of a wooden over
coat," which did not serve in any way
to raise our spirits.
The old Chilkat "Indiaunk," who
had been with me for many months and
who was always brave and courage
ous, said briefly: "No good. No get
back home any more!" Usually bright
and of talkative disposition, he was
now gloomy and taciturn. It was a
lugubrious crowd that night upon the
mountain, and few were the hours that
any of us slept. What of the morrow?
was the haunting question.
Next day a band of sheep appeared
upon the mountain crest above us.
There was Intense excitement in the
camp. Even the old Indian lost his
self-possession and let off a subduod
whoop. Could we get the sheep we
could dry the meat and press on for
Mount Wrangell! The possibility was
alluring. De Hass and myself, as the
supposed best shots in the party, under
took to ascend the mountain on the
far side and rising over the crest, shoot
down upon our intended victims.
Weak from lack of food, but buoyed
up by the excitement, we scaled the
mountain with slow steps and infinite
pain and difficulty. It took us nearly
half a day, but the quarry waited. With
trembling hands we pointed the two
guns over the top of the rocks and
fired.
Both missed! The sheep bounded
away down the declivity and were soon
lost to view. Blankly De Hass and I
looked at each other. Then, as the
realization of what our failure meant
came over us, we started silently down
the mountain for our camp, stumbling
recklessly over rocks and bushes, care
less of what happened. Long after dark
we reached the campflre and found
Price and the old Indian eagerly ex
pecting our appearance with meat. The
disappointment was grievous. I could
not help feeling for them, even despite
the weight of my own personal suffer
ing.
A small unknown, uncharted stream
flowed past the camp. It issued from
the mountains in the direction of
Mount Wrangell and from its trend
we suspected it to be the Tokio, which
we had deserted several days previous
ly for a direct course over the
mountains. It was determined to build
a small raft and trust ourselves to the
mercies of the waters, knowing that
the flow would be toward larger waters
and ultimately to the sea. A few taste
less roots, which the Indian dug, fur
nished our only breakfast.
While the other men were busy get
ting small dry logs into the water, I
took the shotgun and went out among
the spruces, being so fortunate as to
secure two grouse and a red squirrel.
These gave us a much needed repast.
Fastening our logs together, we drifted
off down the stream. So far I have
not mentioned one of the memebrs of
the party— a faithful, lean four-footed
friend, our Siwash dog. Ido not like
to think of him even now. Poor fel
low. It seemed like cannibalism, but
we ate him! There was nothing else
to do. For days we had contemplated
the distressing possibility and had
shrunk from it. Even the old Chilkat
didn't want to eat dog.
We came to it and for three daya
got nothing else as we floated down
the stream, which we found was ln
deed the Tokio. At one point we blazed
the side of a tree and wrote our
names and residences upon it. We did
not want to perish and leave no record
behind.
After the dog meat gave out we made
a final soup of the bones and then
drifted on with nothing to appease
hunger. Two days passed without
food and then, to our great Joy, we
found Indians.
The rest was easy. They treated us
well and helped us to the next village
on the Tanana. On and on we went,
living with the natives and subsisting
on unsalted fish for nearly a month.
It grew nauseating, but it was better
than no food. Finally we rafted down
to the Yukon and reached the trading
post of Nuklakyet, fully 800 miles from
the place where we had eaten our poor
dog. How good the first meal at a
white man's table tasted and how sick
we were afterward ! Later we reached
St. Michael and sailed for home. It
was many months, however, before
eeveral members of th« party fully re
covered from the terrible strain of the
adventure.
Do I still want to visit Mount Wran
gell? Yes and no. If a way to carry
supplies of food could be devised, yet,
with all my heart. If no food and the
old game over again, then emphati
cally no. One experience with starva
tion is enough.
If Mount Wrangell is ever reached
INDIANS THOUGHT SHE WAS A SUPERNATURAL BEING.
Mrs. A. C. Ountner has just died at the hospital here from wounds which she received in a Ute
Indian uprising some fifteen years ago. The story of her heroic fight for her children and her
terrible sufferings while trying to escape from the Indians is told below.
A FEW days ago a woman died in
one of the wards of the Chil
dren's Hospital, and though few
of those about her knew it her
untimely end was brought about
by an atrocious Indian massacre.
The woman's name was Mrs. Mar
garet Gunthner. She was brought to
the hospital to submit to an operation
made necessary by the old wounds re
ceived at the hands of the bloodthirsty
Utes.
In the fall of 1884 A. C. Gunthner.
with his wife and four children— two
boys and two girls — moved to a home
stead in the Montezuma Valley, in
Southeastern Colorado. The place was
fifty miles from the Ute reservation.
The Gunthners did not dream that
there was any danger from the Indians.
Throughout the autumn and winter
the family made improvements and in
the spring their substantial two-story
cottage was surrounded by waving
corn fields. One June night the trag
edy occurred which ruined the prosper
ous home, robbed the children of a
father and nearly destroyed the
mother. A short time before this fatal
night several cowboys and Indians had
a row. Six of the Indians were killed.
As is the custom with the redskins,
after burying their dead they doggedly
took to the warpath and never rested
till a like number of whites had been
killed and so balanced the tally of an
eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
The Gunthners had Just gone to bed
when flames were discovered sweeping
up the side of the house. The husband
ran outside to try to save his home.
His wife hastened to help him. At that
instant the spiteful crack of rifles was
heard.
Gunthner shouted to his wife to save
the children, and then, fell pierced by
bullets.
As Mrs. Gunthner turned toward the
door a bullet smashed into her right
shoulder, shattering the bones and ter
ribly lacerating the flesh.
The brave woman, however, did not
fall, but braced herself agnlnst the
house. This act alone saved herself and
DRYTHIRSTS DISAPPOINTMENT: A STORY WITHOUT WORDS.
and ascended before the railroads pass
that way, the supplies necessary for a
party must be sledded in over the win
ter snow. Summer approach is im
practicable. One cannot carry suffi
cient food on one's back. Of course it
is possible to take along a pack of dogs
— for eating purposes, but what ex
plorer cares to deliberately set out to
climb volcanoes on such a diet?
It is my belief that gigantic bears
and perhaps other large quadrupeds
haunt the dark defiles around Mount
Wrangell, descending to the lower
levels when the mosquitoes disappear.
As for the Indian stories of the beasts
with curved white tusks, I am no'spon
ser, but this I will say: The masto
don must have existed In great num
bers In Alaska up to a comparatively
recent date. The bones In the shifting
Yukon sands and the carcasses partly
preserved in Ice are the evidences of the
fact. Naturalists say that the mas
todon was of tropical origin, but Is
there any reason why, after Alaska
I cooled off. a few specimens of the
tribe might not have managed to exist
even to this day? If so, the most like
i ly place to find them would be in the
I solitudes around Mount Wrangell,
! where neither white man nor Indian
ever goes. The stories of the natives
concerning the big beasts and their un-
I willingness to go near the haunts of
I these creatures are, to say the least,
| suggestive. B. HAZARD WELLS.
her children from a more horrible fate.
The superstitious Utes, seeing her
standing, clothed all in white, and
knowing that she had been hit. believed
her to be a supernatural being, and
were afraid to approach her.
The courageous woman managed to<
get inside her burning home. She
roused her children, and. taking her
eight-months-old baby in her left arm,
with her torn and broken right arm
dangling, she led the way from her
ruined home and dead husband out into
the night.
For three long hours she and her chil
dren hunted for assistance. At last
they reached the cabin of a half-witted
fellow. Then they discovered to their
horror that the Indians had already
been there. The place was deserted.
They searched around in the darkness
for clothes to tie up the wounded
shoulder, and cut their feet badly on
the broken window-glass which strewed
the floor.
Leaving the cabin, Mrs. Gunthner
and her children started again on their
desolate journey. A few rods from the
house they stumbled on the body of the
owner, wrapped in a blanket, under a
sage bush. At first they thought he was
dead, but he proved to be alive. He had
heard the coming Indians and had hid
from them in the brush. M.-s. Gunthner
forced him to tear his blanket into
strips and bind her shattered arm to
her body. The man then led the way to
the nearest farm house, which was
reached at daybreak.
The doctor was sent for immediately.
He looked at the woman and told Mrs.
Gunthner that if she had any bus'ness
that needed attention It had best be fin
ished at once, for the chances of her re
covery were one in a thousand.
• "I must live for my children, and I
will," replied Mrs. Gunthner, simply.
She did live, and, coming to Califor
nia, she made a comfortable home for
herself and children. For years she re
sided in Hanford. The bones in her
arm, however, had been leaded, and ?n
a few years began to pain her. As time
passed it was found necessary to re
move a piece of the bone. In the course
of time several more operations were
performed without success, and as a
last resort Mrs. Gunthner was sent to
the hospital In San Francisco. The sur
geons decided to amputate her arm.
The operation proved too great a shock
for her. And so, after bearing up for
NEW FIELDS OF TRADE
OPENED BY THE WAR
Chances of American Merchants in Cuba
and the Philippine Islands— What
Men of Experience Think About
the New Possessions.
NEW YORK. Aug. 26-Ewr since I
there has been a prospect that
Cuba. Porto Rico and the Phil
ippines might become a part of
the territory of the United
States, and hence a field for Yankee
■nterprise, the eyes of thousands of |
Americans have been turned in that
llrection. Some of them are men with
noney to invest, others are seeking a ,
jrofitable field for the employment of
heir ambitious energies, but all. with
•haracteristic American push, are anx
ous to get the first and fullest informa- ,
;ion as to the prospects and posslblli- ,
ies of these new lands.
Every man who is known to possess
cnowledge of the resources and trade
:onditions of these islands of the East
md West Indies has received numerous
nquirles from intending investors or |
lettlers. Cuba, being nearest our own I
ihores, has attracted the most atten- |
ion and the Cuban Junta in New York
uis'been besieged with inquiries re- ;
yarding the climate, crop conditions ,
nd prospects of investors. In regard
0 these points. Mr. H.S. Rubens the ,
:ounsel of the Junta, who has carefully
studied the natural resources of Cuba, |
'^The salient features of Cuba to-day I
•aw materials that can so easily oe
•hanged into positive lth - $ o£ 000 000
>orts have reached as high as s»o,uuu.uw j
1 year, although the country « s but lit
1p lareer than Ireland. Of the 35,00U,wu
'crefinCuSa^nly 2 000,000 are nowun^
ler cultivation. There are ".OOOjOOO
icres of virgin forests, there are 9 ,000 -
)00 of natural pasture and 7,000,000 or
sarren or inferior property.
"Sugar is, of course, the main indus
try comprising over four-fifths of the
total exports. The immense timber |
lands, when once they are cleared
away, will make the best of sugar
properties. The sugar cane needs to
be replanted but seldom, sometimes
continuing along for twenty years or
-yen more before any new planting is
necessary. There are Jmmense oppor
tunities for large capitalists in this in
dustry but the amount required for
buying the property and furnishing
Machinery would run into the hundreds
3 f thousands. The chance for the
smaller investor is not so good He
could, perhaps, lease a portion of the
nroperty from the large owner and do
all the work up to the final grinding.
There might be a few chances near a
grinding plant or 'central, as it is
jailed, but in general the sugar indus
try for a small man financially is not
"The same may be said of the tobac
co industry, of which the exports from
Cuba are about $10,000,000 a year. The
best properties are in Plnar del Rio,
where the finest gTade of tobacco in the
five years against the wounds received
from the tTtes the brave woman was
finally overcome by them.
HER TOY (\ RATTLESNAKE.
Mrs. Franklyn Wood of Sherman on
Sunday found her child, 2 years old,
and a child of a neighbor, 3 years old.
playing in the grass. She noticed that
the little one was occasionally striking
something in front of her with a short
stick, and after each stroke both chil
dren would laugh heartily.
She watched them for several min
utes, when she walked toward them to
see what they were doing. When with
in a few feet of them she was struck
speechless and motionless to see that
their plaything was a large rattle
snake.
Mrs. Wood grasped a club and brave
ly went to the rescue, and with a few
blows killed the snake, after which
she remembered nothing until revived
by the neighbors. The snake was five
feet long and had nine rattles.
FINAL PROOF OF OWNERSHIP.
In an Eastern county court the Judge
was in a quandary the other day. A
coat was in dispute. The parties were
Irish and the evidence was direct and
positive for bath claimants. After
much wrangling, Patrick Peters, one
of the parties, proposed that he and his
opponent, Timothy Magulre, should see
whose name was on the coat. Tim
othy searched in vain and the coat
was handed to Pat, who immediately
took his knife, opened a corner of the
collar of the coat, and out dropped
two Bmall peas.
"A dale it 'as to do wld it! It is my
name, to be sure — pea foi* Patrick and
pea for Peters, be Jabers!"
He got the coat after that.
A snail farm has been started by a
farmer of Anet, France. He has already
200,000 of these interesting creatures, and
they eat as much green fodder as two
cows.
A striking instance of the fierce and
fatal competition which goes on among
plants is found in the case of the Bra
zil nut. This fruit contains from fif
teen to twenty-four seeds, which all
germinate at one time. The most vig
orous one gets first through a small
hole at the top to the open air, and
thereupon it strangles the rest and
feeds upon them.
world Is grown. Most of the tobacco
lands, however, are taken up. and the
little that is left is altogether too ex
pensive for any but the largest corpor
ations to develop. There are some
chances to start on a small scale in
certain sections, where a low grade of
tobacco is raised. But, in this business
and the sugar industry considerable
knowledge is necessary to avoid failure.
"Perhaps the industry third in im
portance is furnished by the timber
lands. In the east there are vast tra*t*
of forest that have never been touched. ,
The suicidal policy of the Spanish Gov
ernment was never better shown than
here. Little attempt has been made to
reach and market these woods. T&e
roads are few, and in many parts al
most useless. There are large quanti
ties of pine, mahogany, cedar, lignum
vitae, logwood and some 40 more vari
eties. And this land once cleared makes
a fertile soil for sugar, coffee and cocoa.
"The mineral deposits of Cuba are
more important than is generally ap
preciated. But little progress has been
made in exploring the rich deposits in
the east, owing to the heavy duties im
posed by the Spanish Government.
There are iron mines, manganese, coal,
copper and tin properties. The chances
for a large corporation to exploit these
properties are excellent, and rich re
turns can be made by such enterprises.
Of course in this industry and the lum
ber business there whould be but little
chance for a man with limited means.
"There are numerous other indus-«
tries; the coffee business is profitable,
but it requires three years of waiting
before It yields any return; the cocoa
business and the raising of cattle are
good money makers, and require only a
moderate amount of money upon which
to start. For the man of small means
there are perhaps better opportunities
In the raising of fruit, the cocoanut In
dustry and the regular lines of trade
that are found in every city of Amer
ica—the hardware, grocery and provis
ion business. The ranks of retail trade
are by no means filled in most Cuban
cities.
"I ought to speak of the climate,
which is, with careful personal precau
tions, better than some of the Southern
States; of the boom in city real estate,
of the future possibilities of a tourist
season in Havana, Matanzas and the
Yumuri, and of the universality which
the English language will obtain.
"Yes, I should most decidedly encour
age the young man with some means to
go to Cuba, but he must be strong and
self-reliant in character; he must be
ready to overcome difficulties; he must
have intelligence, ambition and econ
omy or he will fail in Cuba as he will
anywhere else. That country will not
be a paradise for the lazy and the care
less. The Cubans will welcome the
Americans with open arms. There i 3
room for many more people there, and
only large additions of able men will
bring out the immense resources that
are now lying dormant along the whole
length of the island."
Mr. Fidel G. Fierret, the former sec
retary of the Pan-American Congress,
who has been engaged for thirty years
in business enterprises connected with
Cuba, says, by way of advice:
"In Cuba almost everything is to be
done. It is utterly impossible at thia
moment to define the thousand and one
things which it will be necessary to do
and tell the ones which must be done
first. Th© country is completely de
vastated; we do not know what part of.
the population will be left to take up
the work of nation building. Outside of
the large cities where the Spaniards
held control, all the small industries
must be re-established. The commercial
machinery for the supply of food, of
clothing and of all the first necessities
of life must be started and at once. The
farmhouses, sheds, barns, and such
buildings in more than half of Cuba
have been completely destroyed and the
work of rebuilding them will take a
number of years. Along with this there
will be the chance of putting in the
newer American id^as in the lighting of
the towns, the building of water
works, the supplying of modern hard
ware, and many kindred enterprises. In
all these industries there are chances
for the young American with limited
capital. On a larger scale the big mon
ey corporations of America will be de
pended upon to build railroads, to sup
ply trolley lines, telephones, telegraphs
and similar improvements. In fact,
there are so many medieval Spanish
ideas that will have to be replaced by
progressive American schemes that one
cannot state them offhand.
"There is an excellent chance for the
small investor in garden farming near
Havana, Matanzas and the larger
towns of the north. The soil is so won
derfully rich that large returns will re
sult from such enterprises as these.
The raising of sugar is out of the ques
tion for men of limited means, as the
capital required for this Industry is cer
tainly hundreds of thousands, and
oftentimes millions of dollars. In the
tobacco field, too, the chances are
slim for the small Investor. The more
fertile of the tobaco lands are very ex
pensive and are practically all of them
taken up now.
"I should advise any one who has
capital to invest to study well before
he embarks. There are many chances
for blunders. In the titles of lands, for
example, there are many peculiar de
tails that require the utmost vigilance
to prevent financial trouble. I think it
would be well for the man of limited
means to start in some of the smaller
Industries, such as garden farming or
groceries and provisions, and theni
watch for his opportunity to branch
out. I can't see that the language will
be a drawback. Americans will be go-
Ing there in large numbers, and Eng
lish will be used everywhere. It is not
Contlned on Page Twenty-Six.•• " • LILY LANGTRY.
From a photograph taken at -.c time she bought the Lake County Farm.
MRS. LAXGTRY is going to sell
her big ranch in Lake County,
now that she has secured her
divorce.
The gossips say that the
Prince of Wales is again recog
nizing her. There is little likelihood of
the Lily ever returning to California to
make her abode. Freddy Gebhard has
so-ld» the adjoining ranch which he
bought when Mrs. Langtry purchased
hers. What was once a much-talked-of
farm of thoroughbred horses is now
only an ordinary grain and stock ranch.
There is $60,000 sunk in the land, $8000
to $10,000 swallowed up in thorough
bred stock and an indefinite amount
THE MEMORABLE AND DISASTROUS WRECK. OF THE TRAiN
THAT WAS BRINGING (k STRING OF THOROUGHBREDS TO
THE LANGTRY-GEBHARD STOCK FARM. From a photograph.
Thirteen thoroughbreds were killed In this disaster. Mrs. Langrtry was In
the East at the time. The moment she heard of It she dropped her engage
ment and hastened to the spot where she did all In her power to alleviate
the distress and nurse Ijack to health the employes of Gebhard who were In
jured.
represented in big figures lost in in
. efficient management. Experts say
$100,000 would not cover what has been
sunk in the place; so the divorce easily
cost Lily that sum.
Lily Langtry was in her bloom when
the investment was made, and so was
Fred Gebhard. In the nine years that
• have since ensued Mrs. Langtry has
largely withdrawn from her spectacular
International career, she and the Geb
hard have quarreled, and California,
save for the 4000 acres in Lake County,
is to all intents and purposes forgotten
by her. Doubtless the original outlook
of the horse-farming business was an
alluring one, but the course of time has
changed things and there is little re
maining of the Langtry-Gebhard
ranch to show that wealthy owners
ever possessed it or that it ever was
intended to make two horse-fanciers
noted on the turf. Gone are the thor
oughbreds, Jockeys, high livers and gay
people who spent money lavishly to
bring it fame and fortune.
All that is left on the Gebhard prop
erty is the uncared-for relic of a mile
racetrack, together with a stud-barii
and brood-mare barn, whose closed
doors and empty lofts stand in contrast
to the activities of earlier days.
Over on the Langtry farm is a poor,
lone coaching stallion, a handsome
1600-pound Cleveland bay, with nothing
to do but to eat, no one to love him,
and history rapidly slipping beyond his
grasp. He is an after-thought of the
'irief period when Mrs. Langtry ap
peared to be making one final effort to
maintain the equine aspect of the
property.
Outside of these two features there is
nothing characteristic or indicative of
the owners first purposes.
No one seems to know Just why Mrs.
Langtry bought a ranch in Lake
County. . 'There are other sections of
California where the railroad facilities
and the social environs would seem far
better adapted to the preferences and
Idiosyncrasies of the most noted beauty
of her day. Lake County had had no
reputation as a breeder of fine horses,
although since the Langtry-Gebhard
establishment was inaugurated it has
shown certain superior qualifications in
that respect. Neither Mrs. Langtry nor
Freddy Gebhard saw the property be
fore they made their purchase; nor did
elrhti of them see it very often after
they had bought it. With boundless
faith in -~ents and mangers, this
London-New York couple made their
in\estment by proxy and managed it
by proxy.
The story goes that Mrs. Langtry and
the Gebhard, on the occasion of a
visit to California, were made the
guests of Lucky Baldwin at that gen
tleman's famous stock farm. At that
time Baldwin was making fortunes and
attracting national attention in turf
winnings. He had horses the sight of
which was sufficient to allure any one
who happened to have the least leaning
toward stock breeding. Besides, he had
a horse overseer and trainer, "Doc"
Abbey, who was "onto his job." The
Langtry and the Gebhard fell under
the overseer's guidance. He understood
his patients. And, so the story goes,
there was nothing that was right and
glorious and fascinating on the Bald
win farm that was not "raciously and
touchingly exhibited to the distin
guished visitors. They were easily
smitten. A proposition for a stock farm
of their own was quickly formed, and
"Doc" Abbey was commissioned to see
that It should be made one of the great
est places of its kind on earth.
Aside from the consideration of iso
lation the commissioner certainly could
not have made a more ideal purchase.
Eight miles from Middletown, in the
heart of the beautiful, well inclosed
Guenoc Valley he found a number of
properties which could be united into
a grand farm of a little more than 7000
acres. A third of the property was rich
bottom land, another third of it was
hill and mountain grazing land, and
still another third was excellent fruit
land, fit for grapes and wine especially.
The pioneering had all been done;
houses— not bad ones either— were in
place; fences were up; a winery was in
operation; practically everything need
ed except barns and a race course was
ready for the proposed new occupants.
Whether or not Mrs. Langtry planned
at that time to use the ranch as a basis
for a divorce suit is not known. The
actual suit was not filed until some
years after the purchase. The horse
raising business was inaugurated as if
it were the sole purpose of the property
owners.
For a few years the combination ran
excellently. The Langtry-Gebhard
farm acquired some noted studs and
brood mares. It was brilliantly man
aged by the viceroy, "Doc Abbey, who
could spend quite as much money as
his erratic employers. Turfing became
a fad among the astonished farmers in
the vicinity and the joint stock farm
was dotted all over with little jockeys
flying about on thoroughbreds. A mile
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIJL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
END OF THE LANGTRY FARM
THE HORSEMEN THE JOCKEYS, THE DOGS OND "HIS HIGHNESS." THE f MASCOT
H GOAT In THE HALCYON DAYS WHEN THERE WAS "NOTHING BUT MONEY OND
GOOD' TIMES" ON THE LANGTRY FARM. From a photograph.
Most of the employes had a weakness for carrying "guns" and knives, though why they did "
it in that locality nobody Ler knew, unless it was to live up pUe. for bexng
"dead game sports." The custom produced gun "scraps" now and then, d ™ is *t* p '. . . vain
usual accompaniments of prosperity. A portion of the r Gebhard house .was bored ful^of wWte men had
endeavor to perforate the body of "Indian Joe," an employe -th whom some oT toe . wmw^ men four
disagreed. A negro employed on the Langtry homestead fell off a V orca ax an « about four
feet, landed with his chin on a wire clothesline and cut his d Qf n^ h Riders, was bested
by a little revolver after a little altercation with one of the j hfrsemen ,of -the ranch. , He was visit
ing as Gebhard's guest at the time.
racetrack was constructed and popping
champagne entertained the visitors, for
Abbey saw to it that any and all visi
tors who were acquainted with Mrs.
Lang try and Gebhard were royally en
tertained.
The first important improvements
were purchases of studs and brood
mares. Inasmuch as Mrs. Langtry had
expended the most mo^ey for land.
Freddy appears to have elected to
make the largest expenditures for
stock. He bought the now noted stall
ion St. Zavier, who has made a record
for himself in some of the Eastern
stables since his transfer from the Geb
hardt barn; the not-so-noted but
splendidly bred stallion Imported
Greenback, and the son, Owas, of the
celebrated stallion Iroquois. Mrs. Lang
try contributed the well-known stallion
Friar Tuck. Between twenty and
thftty brood mares were secured, most
of them from the best farms in Ken
tucky.
"With this four-footed start there was
opportunity for some good breeding
and eventually for some fine, appear
ances on the country's race tracks. By
mutual consent the barns and the race
course and the other essentials to busi
ness were concentrated on the Geb
hard lands. Rtsihle men, some of
whom in their pistol-covered glory can
be seen in the accompanying illustra
tion, were engaged, small boys, 'capped
with the Gebhard colors, were em
ployed as training Jockeys, and the
champagne was accumulated in the
cellars.
Many of those who were boys then
and are youths now got their first nick
names from "Doc" Abbey while they
were jockeying for him. Many a small
man's small change was dropped into
another man's palm over the training
contests on the mile race course. Fred
dy Gebhard sent his clubroom friends
from the East to "see my horses" out
in Lake County, and the entertainment
of none of these was neglected by the
assiduous viceroy. Freddy's friends
were frequently Mrs. Langtry's friends,
and the entertainment was, of course,
a joint responsibility.
There were gun "scraps" now and
then, and mishaps, and the other usual
accompaniments of prosperity. A por
tion of the Gebhard House was bored
full of holes in a vain endeavor to per
forate the body of "Indian Joe," an em
ploye with whom some of the white
men had disagreed.
A negro employed on the Langtry
homestead fell off a porch at an ele
vation of about four feet, landed with
his chin on a wire clothesline and cut
his black head nearly off.
Harry Alsop Borrowe, the now noted
dynamite pun operator of the Rough
Riders, was bested by a littl • revolver
after a little altercation with one of the
horsemen of the ranch. He was visit
ing as Gebhard's guest at th 2 time.
There was some "horse luck/'^too.
Abbey went East to purchase horses.
He says he bought thirteen. He also,
says he loaded them on a train of thir
teen cars. The engine was No. 13, and
the train started on the 13th day of the
month. What happened is shown in the
illustration. Thirteen cars went over
the banks of the Potomac River, and
thirteen thoroughbred horses never
reached their destination in Lake Coun
ty. Thereafter Abbey is said never to
have eaten on the 13th day of any
month. ,
Yet, notwithstanding the grand
times" and the Jockeys and the home
race course, months went by and
months lengthened out into years with
out putting any of the stock of the
Langtry-Gebhard farm on the great
race tracks. With four splendid stal
lions and more than a score of the fin
est thoroughbred mares, there was
nothing afforded to give either Geb
hard or Mrs. Langtry the envied fame
of a horse raiser. Nothing tangible
seemed ever to reach either of the own
ers save bills. Year by year the Mils
enlarged. Even the liberal Gebhard at
last became discouraged, and he tight
ened his purse strings.
Then Abbey' became dissatisfied. He
wont East to confer with Freddy. The
manner in which he and Freddy came
back is a familiar story. It was a race
to see which could first reach the ac
count books.
As the story was told at the time,
Gabhard claimed that Abbey was in
debted to the ranch in the sum
of about $12,000. Abbey did not
see things that way. He presented a
bill of from $6000 to $8000 against Fred
dy. The outcome of the contest is some
what smothered in the subsequent mix
up, but Abbey no longer continued as
superintendent of the Gebhard stock
farm.
Meanwhile Mrs. Langtry also be
came discouraged. She refused point
blank to lay out more money upon the
profitless stock farm. Abbey's only re
course was to refuse to work the farm
and this he did.
For a little while the broad, sun
shiny, rich-soiled acres lay in the sun
and the rain and soaked and baked.
They might have been there indefinite
ly without tilling but for the foresight
of a Lake County rancher who knew
his business. Frank Smythe, now
Supervisor and one of the few suc
cessful Democratic politicians in the
county, sized up the land and offered
to put in a crop. Abbey disclaimed au
thority and told Smythe to do as he
pleased. Smythe did so.
A few months later Mrs. Langtry
had a new agent on the property, a
young and fulsome Britisher, whom
many people of San Francisco prob
ably remember, A. G. P. McNulty.
McNalty asked Smythe* for his .iu
thorlty for placing the crop. Smythe
confessed that he had none. McNnlty
inquired as to who would get the crop.
Smythe laconically remarked that
probably the man who cut it would get
it. McNalty decided to adjust things
that way. Smythe gave up a portion
of the crop as rental. And thus, for
the first time in five years, Mrs. Lang
try's investment of over $100,000 yielded
her a revenue.
With the termination of the Abbey
regime had come the termination of
the horse and stock breeding. Geb
hard had already begun to sell off his
best animals. Langtry's coursers went
by the board also. The big property
changed from a horse farm to a grain
farm. The romantic notions of 1889
were metamorphosed into the busi
ness conditions and necessities of 1894.
McNalty remained as Mrs. Langtry's
representative for a couple of seasons.
He wanted the farm run on British
principles, but British principles are
fundamentally financial, whereas the
principles of the Langtry farm were
now required to be economical. Re
luctantly he allowed Mr. Smythe to
cultivate the property on shares, and
quite as gladly he absorbed all the
money that the industrious Mr. Smythe
could harvest. Mrs. Langtry got lit
tle benefit of the change. It was he
who purchased the useless big Cleve
land bay stallion, which is now on the
property.
The situation was disheartening. Any
woman who was not seeking a divorce
would undoubtedly have relinquished
GRAY DON'S DESTROYER
THK boast of Tesla that he could
devise an engine of war capable
of blowing an enemy's ship out
of the water at the first attempt
may be true and would not be at
all singular. For. even if true. Tesla
would have to yield precedence to one
who has not only invented but had pat
ented such a powerful device.
This wonderfully destructive agency
was born in the fertile brain of ex-
Lieutenant. Graydon of the United
States navy, and was given a most
thorough and satisfactory test in the
summer of ISB6 before a number of
press representatives of this city and
a few capitalists who were desirous to
control its manufacture.
Graydon, who had resigned from the
United States navy to enter the Chinese
service during the Franco-Tonquin
war, had at that time but re
cently returned to this coun-
V.j laden with honors and wealth,
and though his money soon melted like
fog before the rising sun, he still re
tained his great prestige as a military
genius.
Then, as now, the only method in use
for the discharge of dynamite-laden
shells was the use of compressed air in
"pneumatic guns"— a mode which lim
its the throwing capacity to a few
miles and reduces to the lowest mini
mum the possibility of hitting the ob
ject aimed at, providing one can be said
to "aim" at anything by pointing a gun
in the air at an angle of 45 degrees.
For the scene of the experiments a
quarry at Lake Temescal, in Alameda
County, was choren, and thither went
Graydon and his guests one bright
summer morning.
On arriving at the scene there were
found a number of targets, each com
posed of a series of layers of two-inch
oak planks— the alternate layers of
plan! s being crossed to prevent split
ting.
The "o'un" was an improvised one
and of the simplest pattern, being noth
ing more complicated than a bar of
Swedish steel with an inch and a half
bore.
The dynamite was then prepared by
Graydon in the presence of the assem
blage — which included an expert on ex
plosives — sec -ecy bein maintained only
as to the character of the last ingredi
ent added.
The gun was charged through the
muzzle with a pound and a half of
. "THE HOMESTEAD," HEADQUARTERS ON THE LANGTRY FARM.
From a- photograph.
the burden at whatever cost. But to
Mrs. Langtry at this particular season
a divorce probably appeared to have no
small value. She made one more ef
fort fo do something with her lands.
She placed her divorce affairs and her
land affairs in Jhe same bands, namely
with Attorney McPike. "^"ithin another
year she not only had her divorce but
was making some money out of her one
time stock farm.
The successful Smythe leased the en
tire ranch at a cash rental, bought all
that remained of the Langtry working
stock except the ridiculous piece of
horse investment made by McNalty,
I black powder and on top o that was
I placed one of the dynamite cartridges,
the lieutenant ramming it home with a
careless vigor that caused a hurried
remonstrance from the now nervous
onlookers.
The target set up at a distance of a
couple of hundred feet and the gun
pointed the lieutenant politely offered
to the leading capiv^list the proud
privilege of firing the first shot. The
offer was graciously but firmly de
clined. In turn all tl.e invl 3d members
of the party declined such prominence
in the cere. ny. The matter was
finally compro ised by the visitors
taking shelter behind a convenient cliff
in the rear of the gun, while the lieu
tenant himself pulled the forty-yards
long lanyar L
There was a loud report as the gun
was discharged, followed instantly by
a terrible crash as the cartridge struck
the target.
A quick rush to Inspect the target
disclosed the fact that it had completely
disappeared, a disappearance which
was only accounted for by the subse
quent discovery that for a few hundred
yards around the ground was strewn
with splinters hardly large enough for
toothr>h-Vs. The gu was not injured in
the slightest.
Another target was set up, the
charge of powder increased to two
pounds. a larger cartridge again
rammed home, and the lanyard again
pulled by the lieutenant. The second
target met the fate of the first.
Target after target was demolished
until the supply was exhausted. Then
the lieutenant used his surplus of cart
ridges by firing them into a bank of
earth, each discharge bringing down
tons of rock and clay.
Th« test finished, the delighted cap
italists hurried back to this city to per
fect a close corporation to take control
of the patent and perfect plans for sell
ing it to the Government at a price way
up in the millions.
The lieutenant, however, did not re
turn to the city with the capitalists.
Instead, he insisted on the reporters
accompanying him to a Temescal cafe,
where he had previously arranged for
refreshments. Perhaps it was a warm
day; anyhow, the lieutenant seemed to
drink a good deal.
This trait in the lieutenant's make
up became soon apparent to the mem
bers of the newly formed corporation.
Meeting after meeting was called by
the directors, only to adjourn without
result. Remonstrances were in vain.
At last the crash came. At a meeting
the Cleveland bay stallion Redlngton
Prior.
In the meanwhile Gebhard lost all
interest in his 3000 acres and by a lucky
turn rid himself of it to A. B. McCreary
of San Francisco. How much he lost
no one knows but himself. Local resi
dents estimate that deterioration in
value of the property alone at $20,000.
The line that formerly was only an
imaginary one between his property
and that of Mrs. Langtry took shape in
a stout fence.
That was in 1897. In 1898 came the
Langtry divorce and everything was
changed.
J And Its Effect on
\ Certain Local Capitalists.
[ of the directors the lieutenant was ln
! formed that his associates had become
j tired of his actions, and as they be
lieved they had the secret they pro
posed to get along without him.
Then the lion in his breast awoke,
and raising himself to his full height
of about 5 feet 4 inches, the lieutenant
shook his list defiantly at his asso
ciates and cried out:
"You think you can do without me,
do you? Well, d you, I've got my
discovery patented, and you can all go
to hades!"
The board realizea that it was with
out standing, and a motion to disincor
porate was sadly but unanimously car
ried. Of this board Charles "Webb
Howard of the Spring Valley Water
Company was the president, General
W. H. L. Barnes was legal adviser,
while Mr. Roller, the well known ex
pert on explosives, was to be superin
tendent, under the direction, of course,
of Graydon.
A few days ago I called Mr. Howard's
thoughts back to the time when he and
his associates were enjoying great ex
pectations, and though Mr. Howard
smiled at the recollection, it was a sad
smile, as he remarked: "I lost some
money in it; I lost some money in it."
When Graydon was leaving for the
East he declared that either our Gov
ernment would purchase his patent or
it would lie barren, for in no event
would he place such an awful weapon
in the possession of a foreign power.
He evidently meant what he said at
that time, but it is said that recently
he has been giving some experiments
in the same line before the Russian
military officials. Perhaps it would be
as well for some of our officials at the
War Office in Washington to step over
to the Patent Office and ascertain if the
invention is filed there. If such should
prove to be the case it would be the
part of wisdom for our officers to util
ize the patent - nd then p Graydon a
reward commensurate with the value
of his discovery.
« m •
It is estimated that the total number of
telephone subscribers of the •whole world
amounts to about 1.500,000. The United
States stands at the top with 900.000. Then
follows Germany, with 160.000 subscribers;
England, with 75.000: Switzerland, with
oO.OQO; France, with 35.000: Austria-Hun
gary, with 30,000: the vast Russian em
pire" with only 18,000: Scandinavia. 16,000;
Denmark. 15.000; Italy. 14.000; Holland and
Spain, each llV^f. Belgium, 11.000; Japan,
3500; Portugal, Luxembourg and Austra
lia, each 2000: Koumania. 400: Bulgaria,
300. It will be seen that there is still
plenty of room for extension. Tncre are
many countries where the telephone la
still quite unknown.
2122
OMAHA, Aug. 26.— Away down in
a little hollow on the bluff tract
stands a red building with a
forest of slender smokestacks.
An unobtrusive placard an
nounces that here dwells and
tolls the captive genius that works the
greatest magic of the century; but the
placard merely says: "Power-house,
Visitors are invited."
Yet one may spend a wonderful half
hour here amid the dynamos. The
electrical display of the Trans-Missis
sippi Exposition is far beyond any ever
given in this country, probably in any
country. The electrical appliances In
the electricity building are only a part
of the wonder. The lighting of the
grounds shows what electricity can do
to turn night into day. It is more
brilliant than the most brilliant boul
evard of Paris; but there is nothing
of the harsh dazzle nor the inky
shadows of the ordinary electric light
ing. At the World's Fair there were
no half tones, the exquisite graduation
of sunlight, the softened olives and
violets of moonlight were lost; one
was bathed in light and suddenly one
stepped into darkness. Here, the ten
thousand incandescent lights preserve
the transparency of the shadows, pro
ducing a thousand exquisite effects.
To try to "do" the exposition in a
day is a wearying mockery. One could
easily spend a day in the Government,
or the Liberal Arts, or the Electricity,
or the Mines and Mining buildings.
"Doing," in this sense, usually means a
tramp or ride in a chair or jinricksha
around the lagoon, across the bridge to
the plaza, down past the painted gro
tesqueries of the Midway Jo the State
buildings, a little loitering in the wide
lawns amid the splendid parterres and
the riot of color in plant and flower
which surrounds the beautiful Horti
cultural building, stateliest palace of
them all; then a dip into the Midway
on the other side, a return to the la
goon and an excursion into one or two
buildings with eyes and brains equally
dazed and satiated. The real way to
have either pleasure or profit in an ex
position is to know what one wishes
to see, and go to see it. Thfe clamor
ing attractions on either side are not
to be regarded. A leisurely morning
spent in one building, a leisurely ride
for an afternoon, resting on the settees
which are placed at convenient dis
tances (at least in theory, in practice I
foun,d them too much like the police
man — always in evidence when not
needed and apparently in another
world when sorely wanted!), then a
dinner on the roof garden near the
plaza, whence floats the Bound of mu
sic, and an evening amid the incom
parable loveliness of the "Western sum
mer night and the lagoon — this makes
a day that does not greatly weary
either mind or body, but it leaves its
IRISHMEN WHO HAVE MADE A NAME IN HISTORY.
NO other nation of modern times
has given of her best blood to
the upbuilding of other countries
to the extent that has Ireland.
For years her city, town and
country population has been de
pleted by immigration. To whatever
country they might emigrate Irishmen
have always taken an active part in
the affairs of state, and to-day noted
sons of Erin are in power the world
over. The Irish fair in this city draws
attention to this subject locally.
In support of this I need but to men
tion the part played by Irishmen in the
War of the Rebellion. The names of
Irishmen who were prominent both in
politics and in high office in the army
are too well known to need repeating.
However, there is one fact fading from
memory, and that is the important part
played by Irishmen in the War of the
Revolution.
The country had to be prepared by
tongue and pen before the lirst blow
could be struck for the physical en
forcement of the new idea. Even when
the fight for independence had been
waged and won, laws and constitu
tions had to be framed to suit the new
situation. In all this preliminary and
subsequent movement for independence
Ireland furnished the most distin
guished leaders. Take the pulpit for
Instance. Tae great men of the church,
particularly Presbyterians, were early
Revolutionists. Dr. Rodgers of New
York Dr. McWhorter of Newark, Dr.
Caldwell of Elizabeth, Dr. Duffleld of
Philadelphia, Dr. Allison of Baltimore
and Dr. Waddell, the blind preacher
AGRICULTURAL BUILDING.
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT BUILDING FROM A DISTANT PORTICO.
ineffaceable delight in the memory.
Of all the State buildings, the log
cabin of Minnerota 1b the most original
ar"l typical. It is built of hewn logs,
vtijr tastefully, and the receiving
room has a great stone chimney
wherein almost a forest might blaze, a
floor of ax-planed logs and tables, set
tees and easy chairs framed of tree
limbs in an ingenious fashion, which
surpasses the rustic furniture of parks.
The building is lighted with acetylene
gas. I observed several farmers in
quiring concerning this gas of a
ready-tongued young man who stood
in a little room with the cylinders,
otherwise, I suppose, "the plant." Is
acetylene the coming light for the
of Virginia— all Irishmen— were Wash
ington's most enthusiastic and power
ful supporters.
All through the deliberations of the
Continental Congress the Irish contin
gent was numerous and powerful and
when the country seemed doomed to
destruction for want of a weil ordered
Government and when the convention
was called to form a new constitution
i Ireland furnished its wise and powerful
I counselors. New Jersey sent her Gov
j ernor, William Livingstone, a native of
New York and a descendant of John
Livingstone, the noted Irish Presby
terian preacher. The same State sent
William Patterson who was born at
sea on the passage of his parents from
Ireland. He was the author of the New
Jersey plan in that convention, involv
ing state rights. He was several times
a member of Congress, United States
Senator, Governor of New Jersey and
Judge of the Supreme Court of the
United States. Pennsylvania sent
Thomas Fitzsimmons, the great finan
cier, who was born in Ireland and came
here about the age of 25. He was an
extensive shipping merchant, in partner
ship with George Meade, the grand
father of General George G. Meade,
who commanded the Union Army at
Gettysburg. Meade and Fitzsimmons
•were both Irishmen and Catholics.
Delaware sent George Read, who was
one of the signers of the Declaration of
Independence. He was a native of
Maryland. His father was a wealthy
citizen of Dublin. Maryland sent
James McHenry, a native of Ireland,
who came to this country when about
18 years of age. He was Secretary of
War in Washington's and Adama'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28,. 1898.
country? Will the carbide saturated
water freeze or will It defy a northern
winter? Is there the safety from ex
plosion claimed?
To all these questions the young man
makes plausible answers, and there is
a white radiance winking at you from
the ceiling. It winks at two cents a
night per burner, or some such sum.
The art exhibit is considered the
weak point of the exposition. The
building itself is one of the most beau
tiful and impressive. It is really two
buildings connected by an open court.
The order of architecture is Corinth
ian, but Corinthian of the renaissance,
not of the classic type. Broad and high
flights of steps lift the col^-ined por
Cabinets. Maryland also sent Daniel
Carroll.
North Carolina sent Richard Dobbs
Spaight, who was afterward Governor
of North Carolina, as was later his
son. He was a native of Ireland. North
Carolina sent also Hugh Williamson,
whose father was an Irishman.
South Carolina sent John Rutledee.
the illustrious orator and statesman,
whom Washington afterward amx>int
ed Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States. The same State also
sent Pierce Butler. He was born in
Ireland, was the third son of Sir
Richard Butler, fifth Baronet, and took
a prominent part in .the proceedings
and debates of the convention.
The Butler family of Pennsylvania
was a noted brotherhood of American
heroes and patriots. Richard Butler,
the oldest of the five brothers, was
born in Ireland. He distinguished him
self at Saratoga and Stony Point. He
was killed in battle at St. Clair's de
feat. His brother Thomas received the
thanks of Wayne on the field of Mrm
mouth and of Washington at Brandy
wine. His other three brothers — Wil
liam, Percival and Edward — all distin
guished themselves on many a bloody
field. . His nephew, William Orlando
Butler of Kentucky, was chief in com
mand of our Mexican army at the close
of the war with Mexico, succeeding
General Winfield Sc«tt, and was Demo
cratic candidate for Vice-President in
184S on the ticket with Lewis Cass.
William Campbell was born of Irish
parents in Virginia, commanding at
Kings Mountain, the most important
battle fought in the South, except per
haps the Cowpens, and that was fought
by another Irishman.
tlcos above the water and the two
great domes are nobly proportioned.
Above the porticos, with their richly
sculptured entablatures, are winged
figures. The central court has a foun
tain and" fhe statues nowhere hwve a
fairer background than against the
velvet lawn and the innumerable vines
that wreathe trees and colonnade.
Within are some 600 pictures, a very
fair collection of the French schools, a
rather inadequate exhibit of American
art. There are a few statues. It is not
a bad show; on the contrary, it is a
very good collection. There are Corots
and Rousseaus and Daubignys and I
think an Ineres, and one or two or
more Jules Bretons and Detailles and
Moneta and others of the later great
French artists; there is a very good
Carpenter— it is, in fact, most interest
ing. That th« pictures, as a rule, are
not the masters' more important ex
amples makes for nothing; they all
have distinction and charm. It is
merely that comparing the collection
—not with the superb riches of the Co
lumbian exposition, which would be
unfair — but with those of a perma
nent nature in any of our great cities,
the dearth of plan apparent and the
unbalanced character of the collection,
ita In/>lr nf nrnnnrtfon and deeultOrV
James Clinton and his brother George
wrote their names aloft on the list of
orur revolutionary heroes. George was
first Governor of the Republican State
of New York and Vice-President of th*
United States. De Witt Clinton was
the sc-n of James, was Senator of the
United States and Governor of the
I State of New York— one of the most il
lustrious names in American biography.
The father of Governor George and
General James was a native of the
County of Longford, Ireland.
Henry Knox was the son of a Boston
Irishman. His father was one of the
founders of the Boston Irish Charitable
Society, the oldest Irish society in the
United States.
General Knox was perhaps the most
illustrious soldier of the revolution next
to Washington. He was the creator
and commander of Washington artil
lery and fought in every battle under
Washington. He fought at Bunker
Hill and when our Government too-k
shape was appointed by President
Washington as his Secretary of War
and of the Navy. It may be said that
he created the American navy. He was
I the founder of the Society of the Cin
cinnati. He married the daughter of
a" prominent Boston loyalist named
Flucker, and when he fled from Wash
ington his wife joined him at Wash
ington's camp, carrying his sword be- ,
neath her dress.
General Graham, an Irishman, com
manded in fifteen engagements before
he was 23. and his youngest son, Will
iam A. Graham, was Secretary of the
Navy in Taylor's administration and
candidate for Vice-President on the
ticket with Wlnfleld Scott.
Adjutant General Edward Hand,
SPLENDID SIGHTS
At the
TRANS-MISSISSIPPI EXPOSITION.
character, may blind one to it 3 real
merit. The Omaha papers have very
quietly done a good turn to the art
galleries and to the people of the West.
They have published steadily articles
describing the different paintings and
other objects of art.
Do we, I wonder, quite apprehend
how far our huge expositions at Phil
adelphia, at New Orleans, at Atlanta,
at Nashville, at Chicago, at Omaha,
lead the average citizen afield in paths
of pleasantness and ways of peace?
how much of sweetness and light they
give? Largely because of their influ
ence an unknown ideal of art is shap
ing the dreams of every village build
er; and names which were unknown
a quarter of a century ago are the
property of our common speech; and
groping still, but plain to be seen, is a
new sense of beauty among every
class.
I heard a story the other day which
illustrates this pervasiveness of better
taste. A very charming Chicago
woman was talking about certain en
gravings. They had been in the house
before taste had passed through the
fire. "I have been thinking, my
dears," said the mistress to her chil
dren, "you know those old engravings
In the back hall upstairs, you make
THE FINE ORTS BUILDING.
such fun of them, yet I hate to part
with them. You know the — the new
laundry. I think we might put them
In the drying room!"
"Why not give them to Hull House?"
said one daughter.
"Hull House!" exclaimed the mother.
"Mercy! they are not good enough for
Hull House. I should never venture
to send them there! They are so parti
cular!"
Which tale has a number of morals
if one be minded to search' for them.
Yet does it not all point to an ever
widening and deepening culture among
the plain people? The American has
paused long enough in his fierce strug
gle for money to perceive that his daily
life needs beauty. Prosperity, to him.
begins to mean a more leisurely and
beautiful ordering of life. He perceives
the lack to-day, to-morrow he will be
trying to fill it. And not even the maga
zines and the daily journals have done
so much to bring him to this attitude
of wholesome unrest and anticipation
as the great expositions.
Modestly at one corner are the Apiary
and Dairy buildings, and facing them
is the Transportation building. Why a
stray incubator should have sought
shelter in this part of the grounds I
know not; any more than I know why
known as "Washington's Right Hand
Man," was born in Kings County, Ire
land, and General William Irvine, a
trusted friend of Washington, was born
near Enniskillen.
Andrew Lewis, a native of Donegal
County, with his four brothers took an
active part in the Revolution, and at
one time It looked as if this Irishman
would become the commander in chief
of the American troops and take the
position in our history so admirably
filled by Washington. Richard Mont
gomery was another Donegal boy, while
Stephen Moylan, commander of Wash
ington's Dragoons, was a native of Cork
and a brother of the Catholic Bishop of
Cork, and Daniel Morgan, the renowned
I hero of Cowpens, was born at Ballina
screen, County Derry.
Joseph Reed, private secretary to
Washington, and who refused to re
ceive Lord Howe's letter to Washington
until it was properly addressed, was
the grandson of an Irish immigrant. It
was this same Joseph Reed to whom
the British Commissioners offered $50,
000 and the best office in his Majesty's
gift if he would desert Washington's,
then almost hopeless, cause. "I am not
worth purchasing, but the King of
Great Britain is not rich enough to do
it," was his historic reply.
Columns might be -written of the
Revolutionary doings of such men as
General John Hezlett, General John
Stark, General John Sullivan, Governor
James Sullivan, General Jeremiah
O'Brien, General Anthony Wayne, Col
onel Ephraim Blame, James Caldwell,
the fighting parson of New Jersey; John
Dunlap, soldier and editor of the first
dally paper published In America; the
BY OCTAVE THANET.
the Liberal Arts Is the appointed guar
dian for the main body of artificial
chicken mothers. The Transportation
building Is interesting, but not (to the
writer's mind) so interesting as some of
the other great buildings. In the Dairy
building (which well repays a visit)
there Is an ingeniously cooled car where
a butter artist models busts of Dewey,
Hobson and other popular heroes in
that pliable but perishable medium.
One of the striking exhibits of the
splendid Studebaker collection of
wagons and carriages" In the Trans
portation building is the aluminum
farm wagon. It is a wagon fit for a
prince and light enough for a fairy;
but, alas! only a prince or a millionaire
could afford to pay for its light
strength, for it cost, I think, some
$2500, this simple farm wagon! There
are three exhibits which tower above
all others at the Omaha Exposition;
they are typical of the trans-Mississippi
States, the agricultural, the electrical
and the mining exhibit. I have spoken
of the two first; the third, in Its own
way, is as stupendous.
Beneath the square Greek towers and
the grand dome of the Mining building
Is a wonderful display of metals and
minerals and mining machinery. The
great silver and gold mines of the far
"West, the great coal mines of lowa and
Illinois, the great stone quarries of the
trans-Mississippi States, all have rep
resentatives in miniature of machinery
and product. There is a mine in opera
tion and Tt history- of mining- in object
lessons. And there is a prodigious dis
play of minerals from alabaster to coal.
from lime to sapphires and rubles. It
is as typical of the wealth of the vast
land beyond the river as the Agricul
tural building:, with its many-hued and
fantastically fancied display; and as
typical of the devouring energy of its
soul as the purring monsters in the
Electricity building.
Yet when we come to the parting
word, of all the beauty, all the marvel
which man has wrought.that which will
haunt the mind in memories of this
latest of our gTeat American exposi
tions, is it not the art? I do not mean
the pictures which are hung on the
gallery walls, or the statues in its por
tals; I mean the art embodied in the
noble architecture, in the splendid
groups that are painted against the
vast sunlit spaces of the blue Ne
braska dome, in the fair procession of
nature's velvet and jewels in lawn and
terrace, in plant and flower and vine
and the subtle blending of all these en
Chambers family of Chambersburg,
John Cralghead, Governor Ewing. John
Fitzgerald, John Gibson, William Grigg,
Sergeant Jasper, John McClure, An
drew Picklns, George Reed, Griffith
Rutherford and scores of others. These
are all names of which Irishmen may
speak with pride.
Now that the Spanish war is practi
cally over the Anglo-American alliance
is likely to take precedence in
the minds of the people. Its fate
is in the hands of Irishmen, but
be it understood that these men in
high places will not decide as Irishmen,
but as loyal subjects of their adopted
country, and will exert their influence
on either side of the scale as they think
will best serve their "stepmother"
country. Some might resent the term
"Irishman" as applied to President AJc-
Kinley, but there is no denying the fact
that he is a descendant of Francis Mc-
Kinley, the warm friend of Henry. Joy
McCracken, leader of the Ulster rebel
lion of 1798, and for the part he played
in that rebellion he was executed as a
traitor at Coleraine.
By a strange coincidence the man to
whom President McKinley— an Irish-
American— threw down the gauntlet of
war was the Duke of Tetuan, an Irish-
Spaniard. What is stranger still is that
the ancestors of these two men so late
ly arrayed against each other fought
side by side in the rebellion of Ulster
and became "poor exiles of Ireland"
through a common cause. The Duke
of Tetuan, whose every-day common
place name is Leopold O'Donnell,
is a lineal descendant of the famous
"Red" Hugh O'Donnefl, who fled when
England conquered Ulster. The Duke
chantments Into one harmonious, coa-
q Tt r !s g ou C r h uSt night at the exposition.
We have left painted savages leaping
and yelling around flaming pyres in the
dark*flelds beyond. Almost without
warning we are back in the light and
Ire wafking by the basin in front of
the Horticultural building, where the
tropical lilies float their crinkled, un
canny leaves. All about us is the glory
of "all cannas. yellow and scarlet,
"rnvßtie wonderful." Plants of other
la™ds have emerged from their green
houses and flaunt in the transient kind
ness of our fickle northern sun. They
"en" an air of fairy land to the unreal
beauty of the scene. Bathed in this
gentle radiance whatever might sug
fest hasty work, the unsubstantial ma
terial or hint at soil or crudity van
ishes as if it had never been; before us
rise the sculptured walls the graceful
columns, richly carved plinth, entabla
ture and frieze, minarets and domes
that seem in this hour as enduring aa
th We 1 are quite alone, the hour is late.
We seem to have this wonderful world
to ourselves, a charm to be counted-
So slowly, almost sadly, we pass from
the tranquil fields to the deserted plaza
and across the viaduct to the s!lent la-«
goon. ... "... - .'• '■■-■■ ■■ " " 7 ~~"^
It is a city penciled In fire; an<J*tha
long gem lines of the porticoes and I
cornices, the stars that point innumer
able r slender columns fencing the la
goon,, the blazing torch that V flames
above the vast dome to the south, these
are multiplied and lengthened :In the
still waters of the lagoon. It is so light
that every flower splashing the terrace, *
every vine masking the tree trunks or
climbing the colonnades h~s its every
tint of color for the eye. it is so still
that we hear the fountain's drip on the
fiery lilies. Stainless and white the
great battlements, with their . colossal
figures of conquest . and . peace and
winged aspiration, . are J carved against
an Infinite, • unfathomable violet sky,
pierced here and . there by stars. ? -; ]\ ;
And we are fain to say to the pass
ing moment, "Stay, thou art too fair!'*
But railways cannot be wheedled like
Mephistopheles and we have the .inevit
able train in waiting of which Faust
knew nothing;' wherefore. we turn fop
one last, backward, wistful look and go.
But the scene will remain. , Whoever*
has seen it cannot forget it any more
than he can forget that other and
greater city that we treasure in our ;
hearts. = OCTAVE THANET. f :
of Tetuan rose to be Prime Minister of
Spain under Canovas.
The secret, if not open sympathy, of
Austria for Spain brings to light an-,
other Irishman likely to oppose the
Anglo-American al'ance. It is none
other than the Chamberlain and Privy
Counsel to the Emperor of Austria.
Count Taafe. He figures simultaneous
ly in the peerage of Ireland and Austria
Hungary. For, in addition to the titles
he has woi. from his new master, the
Emperor Francis Joseph, he is still the
eleventh Viscounte Taafe of Ballymote,
County Sligo. He migrated to Austria
on account of religious convictions,
and there is no question that this
Irishman would throw his influence in
favor of any combination between
Austria and Spain. He is a personal
friend to the Queen Regent, and in his
position as Chamberlain and Privy
Counselor to the Emperor can do much
to influence the mind of his master.
In far-off Russia there is another
powerful Irishman who will no doubt
do all he can to oppose the English-
American entente. There is no Irish
man more powerful anywhere than
General O'Brutscheff. He is a member
of the military household of the Czar.
a general of infantry and aid de camp
general, and, the highest of all, chief
of the general staff of the Russian
army. O'Brutscheff is only O'Brien
Russianized and the decorations he
wears show what the Czar of all the
Russias thinks of the services of that
Irishman O'Brien, .now General O'Brut
scheff, if you pleas.v
The tree called William the Con
queror's oak, in Windsor Park, London,
is supposed to be 1200 years old.MUSIC SINGING AND DIALOGUES BROUGHT DIRECT TO YOUR BEDSIDE BY WIRE.
The Prince of Wales t Troubled
With Ennui While He Rested His In
jured Knee, Took a Fancy to the Electro
phone for Amusing Himself and Now
It Is All the Rage With the Wearied
and the Lazy Lon-
doners*
LONDON*, Aug. 11.— Just
at present we who are
compelled to remain In
the city are greatly ex
cited over the latest
feat of science. This is
a contrivance that brings
opera-houses, lecture halls,
theaters and churches into
our very rooms. No going out
on a rainy night to hear a
favorite prima donna. We
simply sit in our cozy parlors,
call up "central" and have the
music turned on for us. And
it all sounds almost as well a 8
if we were right in the opera
house.
And whom have we to thank
for this great beneficence?
Why, the Prince of Wales.
If his Royal Highness had
not accidentally broken his
kneecap some time ago It is
not likely that this great
achievement would have be
come common for a long while
yet. Of course it was bound
to come in time, for didn't
Bellamy in his "Lookingßack
ward" foretell it?
When the Prince of Wales
was first laid up as a result of
injuring a knee he sadly
J ■
i MTTIIRFS OF EMINENT SPEAKERS.
SOME OF THE INTERESTING THINGS THAT ARE BEING SENT OVER THE WIRES DIRECT TO THE EARS OF ELECTROPHONE SUBSCRIBERS
BIG DYNAMITE SHELLS
DISCHARGED BY GUNPOWDER.
EVERY piece of artillery in serv
ice can be made a dynamite gun.
This astounding proposition is
made possible by a, process-,in
vented by Willard S. Isham of
■ •. . the City of Mexico, by which
. shells charged with dynamite may be
• safely discharged from a gun by means
■of gunpowder, the shell bursting by im
. pact or by a time fuse.
Mr. Isham recently placed his inven
.-" tion before the Army. and Navy Ord
nance bureaus, asking permission to
give tests at the Government proving
grounds. At first the ordnance ex
. perts were rather skeptical, but after
a thorough examination of the process
Captain O'Neil. chief of the Ordnance
Bureau, said, that he believed it would
work successfully. All the ordnance
. experts agree that Isham has accom
' piishea something that no one else has
, done.
A test of the invention v. ill be made
at Sandy Hook as soon as possible, and
if successful may be adopted by the
Government. Two successful tests were
made in Mexico, and, in a letter, to
Secretary Alger, United States Minister
General Powell Clayton writes:
"Mr. Isham, under the auspices of the
War Department here, has made two
tests of his: invention, the latter of
which was witnessed . by President
missed his music and theaters.
What was to be done? All
manner of things were sug
gested. The phonograph was
tried but not found to be sat
isfactory. Performers. of
course, could come to his room.
but even this was not at all
times desirable.
As usual, necessity produced
the man. This was a young
fellow who knew all about tel
ephones, and he easily rigged
up an apparatus connecting
the Prince's apartments with
Albert Hall. The result was
most gratifying, and His
Royal Highness lay back on
his pillows and enjoyed the
music to the utmost. He
heard it as plainly as if he
were in the hall.
Being able to gratify every
want that ran be gratified, the
Prince naturally was not sat
isfied with only the perform
ance In Albert Hall. He cried
for more, and it was not long
before the sickroom was con
nected with all the principal
houses of amusement in Lon
don, as well as with a number
of churches for their Sunday
sermons.
BtST NUMBERS OF THE CONCERT HALLS.
Diaz, General Berriozal. the Mexican
Secretary of War, myself and others.
The gun used was a smooth bore; cali
ber 8 inches, length 9 feet 2 inches,
length of bore 8 feet o inches and
wight 3*i tons. The gun was dis
mounted and buried in the clay bank
of the ravine in which it was dis
charged.
"The charge was fifteen pounds of
black powder, the projectile of the
diameter of the piece, cylindrical in
form, 20 inches in length, of cast iron,
and weighing 143 pounds, in addition to
the seventeen pounds of dynamite it
contained. It was discharged by means
of a fuse, the bomb striking a bli-ff
°78Vfc feet distant, bursting by impact
and dislodging a large quantity of ma
terial There is no doubt that the tests
were eminently successful under the
conditions stated.
"In thirtoen-inch shells of the pres
ent length and construction the l-.iven
tor claims that he can fire with per
fect safety ; 200 nounds of No. 1 dyna
mite which IB 75 per cent nkro-g!ycer-
Ine This is equal to 500 pounds of pun
cotton or 1400 pounds of ordinary gun
powder. Even pure nltro-glycerine. or
explosive gelatine may be used in place
of the • dynamite: He employs service
charges of powder, and the service
shells but the \ load is dynamite or a
higher o explosive. A thirteen-inch
shell loaded, with 200 pounds of dyna
mite and fired" at an ancle of 45 degrees
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
THIS p/\RT OF BELL^yS DREAJ4 OF "LOOKI^IQ
As soon as the plan had
proved a success the telephone
company naturally began to
make arrangements to let the
public enjoy It as well as the
Prince. This was not a diffi
cult matter, as the apparatus
Is very simple, the only es
sential being that those desir
ing the music and sermons
had to be subscribers to the
regular telephone service.
As for cost, that is within
th<* reach of people of moder
ate means. The regular tele
phone service costs about JoO
a year. The music and ser
mons also cost $50 a year,
making a total of $100. Not
very much when the amount
of pleasure and convenience is
considered.
For want of a better name
this apparatus has been chris
tened the "electrophone." It
is a very simple device, and
does not interfere with the
regular telephone service ex
cept when one or both lines
are "busy." Of course th se
who want a special wire ior
theaters only can get it at a
little extra cost.
The wires used are the tele
phone wires. In the theater,
church or concert hall trans
mitters are placed in suitable
positions and connected with
central by a heavy wire.
These transmitters are sim
ply large cones for collecting
the sound waves with the
usual telephone diaphragm
transmitter in the end.
In the theaters and opera
houses the transmitters are
placed on the footlights* in the
most advantageous p siftl >ns.
In the churches it is neces
sary to have several. One is
placed In the pulpit, another
can be sent twelve or thirteen miles.
In all dynamite guns now in use com
pressed air is used to propel the projec
! tile, and the guns on the Vesuvius are
1 operated by pneumatic force.
" 'What do you claim for your inven
tion?' was asked of Mr. Isham, and he
said:
" 'It will supplant torpedoes and har
; bor mines, for one of these shells fired
from an 8-lnch gun would be more de
i structive than the Whitehead torpedo.
i The shell can be accurately aimed at
1 any desired mark, and on shipboard Its
range of effectiveness is six or seven
I miles, while the maximum range of the
torpedo is 800 yards.
" 'For coast defenses it will make of
our mortars the most powerful de
structive agents. Harbor mines can be
dispensed with, since the charge in the
shell is greater than that in the mines.
i And instead of exploding in the air or
i prematurely the shells can be made to
' hit a vessel accurately.
" 'The shell can be fired from any field
p) ecr , — t n fact, every cannon is a dyna
mite gun by this system. Its adapta
tion requires no change in the mechan
ism of the gun or in the powder charge.
The mechanism of the shell is such
that it can be tested before and after
loading with dynamite BO as to abso
lutely prevent an explosion within the
bore of the gun. My mathematical
demonstration bears out this state
rm-nt. Moreover, these shells can stand
three times the initial strain of the or
dinary dynamite shell now in use.' "
By experiments in Mexico Mr. Isham
' discovered that, with a velocity of 1200
feet per second, a dynamite shell trav
els about six f»et. after contact with a
light plate, before an explosion actually
j occurs. Hence one of thsse shells is
capable of penetrating five or six inches
of a vessel's armor plate and then
bursting within,
Ordnance experts state that It 1b not
on the altar and another on
the chancel rail. In this in
stance some ingenuity was
necessary in order to conceal
the transmitters. In the Holy
Trinity Church this was ac
complished by putting the
transmitter into a box shaped
and decorated to look like a
Bible. Of course it is advan
tageous to get the transmit
ter as close to the preacher as
possible.
At the receiving end of the
wire is the private dwelling.
There is practically no change
in the instrument. A cap,
which is the terminating
point for two or more rubber
tubes, is screwed on to the
usual hand receiver. This is
then placed In a suitable
stand and the rubber tubes,
ea< h of which has one ear
piece, are placed in the ears.
All sound that strikes the
transmitter Is distinctly heard
by everybody who has a pair
of the ear tubes. Similar ear
tubes are used In the street
nickel-ln-the-slot phono
graphs.
When a person desires to
hear the music at a certain
theater "central" is called up
in the usual way and the con
nection made with the trans
mitter on the stage, the same
as when a number is called.
And it Is done Just as quick
ly. By the time the receiver
is arranged the performance
is ready to begin. As many
people can hear the dialogue
as there are pairs of tubes,
and this is limited only by
the size of the plate that
screws on to the end of the
receiver.
The electrophone manager
says he notices a largely in-,,
creased demand for bedside
installations, as opposed to
Installations in dining rooms
SONGS AND JESTS OF THE NEGRO MINSTRELS.
likely that the invention will be adopt
ed for naval service until some meth
od of safely storing dynamite on board
vessels for a year at least has been
found or until some other nation adopts
it. When this was mentioned to Mr.
Isham he said:
"Dynamite is not as dangerous as is
commonly supposed, and it can be car
ried on vessels as safely as ordinary
black powder. It requires 700 degrees
Fahrenheit to Ignite it, when It burns
like an ordinary candle, without an ex
plosion. Black gunpowder spurts up
as it burns, and is more dangerous in
the mere burning of it. Dynamite in
a frozen state— that is, at forty-five de
grees—is not capable of being detonat
ed, and is Just as safe as wet guneot
ton. Now these shells when eonstruet
1 ed can be loaded at some dynamite fac
! Tory and placed in a refrigerator until
well frozen, when they can be packed
In ice. They can then be carried on
IS THERE WORK
ENOUGH FOR ALL?
HITMAN wants and desires have
come to demand more than the
mere necessities for living. Be
fore ' a complete • supply of ■ such
necessities is reached society de
' mands creature , comforts and means of
■ luxury. It accordingly r sends out its
i demand for laborers who have 'greater,
skill of manipulation and greater power
of invention and 1 invites them to ascend
to v bettor paid industries. ':■ These ; mi
i elude manufactures that ar° adapted
| to luxury and creature comforts and
'■ which require a high order :of educa
! tion. technical ■ skill. "This culling out
! of the ; higher class of , laborers relieves
GOflE JPUE
BAGKW/\pD" Jty\S
and drawing rooms. He sayß
that many women go early to
bed, and then lie and listen to
song and music, which, as I
think I have mentioned. Is
conveyed to their brain cen
ters by the simple indlarub
ber tubing, ending in a pair
of ear caps, which fit neatly,
and need not be held up. This
luxurious application of sci
ence is not, I trust, for Sab
baths. Or is it? If so, does it
not portend increased absence
from church? It really does
sound comfortable, the idea of
having breakfast in bed and
then being switched on to Mr.
Haweis, Mr. Price Hughes,
Mr. Macrae, Mr. Adler, at a
moment's notice. Then mark,
if you do not like a sermon
you cannot well walk out.
But in this churchgoing by
electrophone you have only to
ring up if you are being bored
or nettled or abused beyond
bearing, to be switched on to
a gentler monitor. I am not
at all suje that, as Thomas
Ingoldsby's monks said of the
wicked Jackdaw, the devil is
not in this electrophone.
What if the preachers (who
are only human, after all) —
what if they succumbed to its
Satanic wiles, and took to dis
coursing from their reverend
bedsides! Suppose sermons
from bedside to bedside be
came the fashion! And all be
cause a Prince broke his
kneecap!
I asked if it would be possi
ble for an outsider to listen to
a debate in the House of
Commons. The answer was
that no less than four hun
dred members had fallen in
with the suggestion.
"And do you find your Sun
day service is much used?"
I asked the manager of the
company.
BIRD SONGS IN THt APIAKr.
I the pressure on the lower orders,
wherein machinery displaces the mere
! hand laborer. It is obvious all along
j the line that a new cycle of employ
! ments which a " luxury and creature
comforts may draw into it the laborers
of the lower class as fast as they can
be dispensed with below. Suppose that
an extreme limit is reached and that
one person out of each hundred of the
population is able to supply with the
i aid of machinery all the raw material
I that is needed. Suppose again that one
! person out of each hundred of the peo
ple engaged in manufacturing, when
aided by machinery, is equal to the
task of producing all the articles of ne
cessity. Suppose the same In the
i sphere of transportation and com
! merce. When once the labor was re
i adjusted it would be found that the
ninety laborers out of each hundred
could be profitably employed in provid
ing a better quality of clothing, more
1 commodious dwelling, more comforta
, ble furniture, better transportation fa
cilities and inure healthful mills and
working nlaces for the laborer. The
I entire surplus of laborers could be
j taken up into this higher order of oc
cupations that increase the means of
i luxury and comfort for the people.
This readjustment of vocations may
be accomplished well enough, provided
i the laborers are generally intelligent.
But this is a very important proviso.
, The populace must be educated in the
common schools and have that supe
rior intelligence which comes from
i knowledge of the rudiments — reading,
writing, arithmetic, geography, indus
: trial drawing, etc. And with education
the laborer becomes able to ascend from
! mere handwork to the superrlsion and
i direction of machinery, and to those
employments requiring greater skill,
which furnish the articles of luxury
I and creature comfort.— William T. Har
ris, in April Forum.
If You Have a Telephone All
You Have to Do Is to Ring Up Cen-
tral and Tell It to Connect You With
Any Theater, Church, Concert-Hall, Etc,
That Is on the List and Then Put the
"I should think It is. One
feature is the demand for
hymns. Many a client will
ask to be put on t three or
four different churches or
chapels during one service."
"Do you find any difficulty
in persuading- ministers to al
low the placing of transmit
ters?"
"None, I think. True, we
have at present no connection
with St. Paul's and the Ab
bey; but here are the lists of
places of worship and play
houses both."
They are so interesting (as
a sigrn of the times) that we
give them both:
STAOS. j CHURCH.
Garrick. jcanon \V. Barker,
Marylebone.
Lyric. Canon J. Fleming,
j St. Michael's,
Chester Square.
Daly's. Canon Shuttle
worth. St. Nicho
las. Cole Abbey.
Drury Lane. Chief Rabbi H.
Adler, Gt. Syna
gogue.
Duke of York's. The Rev. T. H.
Acheson, All
Soulb', Langham
Place.
SPtECHcS IN PARUAMtNI
JOKE ON MLLE. REICHEMBERG
OF THE COMEDIE FRANCAISE.
AFVXNY little adventure has just !
occurred to Mile. Reichemberg of
the Comedie Francaise. This lady !
is a great favorite not only in j
Paris but in all the places where ]
her wit and her good acting have been j
appreciated. She is a delightful woman, |
no doubt, but she has her peculiarities,
wMch serve as a foil to her charms,
the best known being her unrelenting ',
disposition in making fun at her best j
friends' expense, her enthusiastic econ- j
omy, and her love for the good things j
of the table. Those who wish to remain i
on good terms with her know how to
please her. and nearly every morning
fish, poultry, superb fruit, and the rar
est primeurs come to her cook, who at j
once rings the bell for her mistress — !
gather a topsy-turvy arrangement, but j
Mile. Reichemberg does nothing like
other people — and as soon as she hears j
the bell she trots down to the basement. I
There the two ladles pick and choose, j
setting apart what is to be served on !
the table upstairs, and what is to be |
sold to the man who comes every day ;
from the Central market to bargain j
with them, and take away the goods ;
that will not keep. Last week the '
petite doyenne was particularly busy, !
and could not answer the bell or go i
downstairs, not even when she heard j
that a superb sterlet had arrived from ■,
the shores of the Volga on a bed of ice; I
and hurriedly she called to the cook to ,
take it herself to her noble fishmonger I
Receivers to Your
Ear and Listen*
Savoy. The Rev. J. H.
Car d w e 1 1 , St.
Anne's. Soiio.
Palace*. jThe Rev. J. W.
J Dawson, High
[ bury Congrega
: tional.
Prince of Wales.. The Rev. J. F.
Kitte, St. Mar
tin's - in - the
Fields.
Shaftesbury. The Rev. H. R.
Hawe is , St.
James", West
moreland Street.
Empire. The Rev. H. Price
Hukh cs , St.
James' Hall.
Tivoll. The Rev. G. F.
Pentecost, Pres
byterian Church
of England.
Avenue. >The liev. A. J.
I Robinson, Holy
Trinity, Maryle
bone.
Gaiety. The Rev. C. Voy
sey, Theistlc
Church, Picca
dilly.
Pavilion. !The Rev. Alex
j ander Macrae,
[ Scotch National
Church.
Alhambra, The Rev. Father
Ignatius, Port
man Rooms.
Suburban Theat's The Rev. H. R.
Wakefleld, St.
Marys, Rryan
ston Square.
and get a stiff price for it.
She pocketed a good round sum over
the deal, but had forgotten all about
the fish, when a friend of hers, a Rus
sian Prince, being at lunch at her
house, asked her, suddenly, "How did
you like the sterlet?" "Oh," said Reich
emberg, "It was simply delicious — and
fresh, in spite of its long journey; as
fresh as if it had been caught an hour
before." "The gills were as red as your
lovely lips, were not they?" "More so,
I can tell you, for, you know, I am a
gourmande, and always see about these
things myself." "But is that all?"
"All! Pray, what do you mean?" "I
mean," said the Prince, turning purple,
"that the Grand Duke who sent the
sterlet to my house, with other things,
wrote and asked me to bring it myself
to you, for he had put in each gill an
emerald earring, which, I believe, he
had promised you. But I knew you al
ways superintended these things in
person, and I thought I would let you
have a little surprise."
Vile. Reichemberg dropped her
knife and fork and rushed down to the
cook. But she never saw the beautiful
emeralds. The fish merchant had for
gotten to whom the sterlet had been
■old, and the Grand Duke's present Is
most likely somewhere in the hands of
a dishonest' chef. The Russian Prince
did not keep the little story to himself,
and it is now circulating among the
good comrades of the petite doyenne
to their Intense delight.
2324
f a \HERE was considerable trouble and risk In bringing
the lifeboat up alongside, but it must be granted
that she was very unhandy.
I The gale that had blown them out into the At
- 1 lantic had moderated, certainly, though there was
still a considerable breeze blowing; but the sea was
■ 'funning as high as ever, and all Captain Kettle's skill was
■ required to prevent the boat from being incontinently
swamped. McTodfl and the two Portuguese balled inces
santly, but th( boat was always half water-logged, in fact,
' from constitutional defects she had made very wet weath
:i through the blow.
It was the part of the steamer to have borne down and
given the lifeboat a lee in which she could have been more
lily handled, and three times the larger vessel made an
mpt to do this, but without avail. Three times she
worked round in a wallowing circle, got to windward, and
distributed a Bmell of farmyard over the rugged furrows
of ocean, and then lost her place again berore she could
drift down and give the smaller craft shelter. Three times
did the crew of the liftboat, with maritime point and flu
ency, curse the incompetence of the rust-streaked steamer
and all her complement.
. • "By James!" said Kettle, savagely, after the third
attempt, "are they all farmers on that ship? I've had a
nigger steward that knew more about handling a vessel."
Meanwhile the clumsy tramp steamer had gone round in
.a jagged circle of a mile's diameter and was climbing back
to position again over the hills and dales of ocean. She
rolled and she pitched and she wallowed among the seas,
and to th<=- lay mind she would have seemed helplessness
personified. But to the expert eye she showed defects in
her handling with every sheer she took among the angry
wast^ of waters.
"Old man and the mates must b> staying down below
,-out of the wet." said Kettle, contemptuously, aa he gazed.
But the cattle steamer, if not skillfully handled, at any
rate this time had more luck. She worked her way to
windward again, and then fell off into the trough, squat
tfering down almost out of sight one minute, and, in fact,
.• Blowing little of herself except a couple of stumpy, untidy
niirsts, and a brine-washed smokestack above the sea
scape, and being heaved up clear almost the next second, a
picture of rust streaks and yellow, spouting scuppers.
Both craft drifted to leeward before the wind, but the
steamer offered more surface and moved the quicker,
which was the object of the maneuver. It seemed to those
. in- the lifeboat that they were not going to be missed this
' time, and so they lowered away their sodden canvas, ship
..pe<l the tholepins and got out their oars. The two Portu
guese firemen did not assist at first, preferring to sit in a
" B"emi-dazed condition on the wet floor gratings, but Mc-
Todd and Kettle thumped them about the head, after the
. time-honored custom, till they turned to, and so presently
the lifeboat, under three straining oars, was holding up
toward her would-be deliverer.
A man on the cattle-boat's upper bridge was exhibiting
himself as a very model of nervous incapacity, and two,
at any rate, of the castaways in the lifeboat were watch
ing him with grim scorn.
"Keeping them on the dance in the engine-room, isn't
•he?" said McTodd. "He's rung that telegraph bell fifteen
different ways this last minute."
"That man isn't fit to skipper anything that hasn't got
a tow rope made fast ahead, said Kettle, contemptuously.
.'.'He hasn't the nerve of a pound of putty."
• "I'm thinking we shall Ic3e the boat. They'll never get
her aboard in one piece."
. "If we get among their cowpens with our bare lives
•we shall be lucky. They're going to heave ns a line. Stand
by to catch it, quick."
• Ihe line vas thrown and caught. Other lines were
. thrown by the hands who stood against the rail above, and
. the four men in the swamping boat each seized an end.
Half climbir.iar. half hoisted from above, they made their
• way up the rusted plating and the greedy waves from un
derneath sucked and clamored at their heels.
The cattle boat's mate, who had been assisting tnelr ar
rival, sorted them into castes, with ready perception the
moment they reached deck. "Now you two dagoes " he
said to the two Portuguese, "get away forrard— port side—
and bid some of our firemen to give you a bunk. I'll tell
the steward to bring you along a tot of rum directly " He
clapped a friendly hand on McTodd's shoulder. "Bo'B'n "
he said, "take this gentleman down to the messroom and
. pass the word to one of the engineers to come and give
him a welcome." And then he turned as to an equal and
shook Kettle by the hand. "Very glad to welcome you
aboard, old fellow— beg pardon, 'captain,* I should have
said; didn t see the lace on your sleeve before Come be
low with me, captain, and I'll fix you up with some dry
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
HOW CANNIBALS SMOKE OUT A WITCH.
AFIRM belief in witchcraft Is one
of the characteristics that, de
spite all civilizing influences, is
still common to all South African
tribes. The Zulus are probably
the most intelligent race of blacks
to be found to-day on the globe. Five
hundred thousand of them dwell just
north of the colony of Natal, which the
English, and of late years, the Ameri
cans, have developed, until it is known
as the garden spot of Africa, The Zulus
come to Durban, the capital, learn the
customs, laws and, religion of the
whites, and then — return to their native
heath and put to death some alleged
THE THREE CLUNG TOGETHER fl/WID THE WRECKAGE.
things outside,, and some wet things in, before we have
any further chatter." . . ..-_., - , v .
"Mr. Mate," said Kettle, "you're very polite, but hadn't"
I better go up on the bridge and say 'howdy' to the sKipper E
first?" . . -~. ■-.
The mate of the cattle boat grinned and tucked his
arm inside Captain Kettle's and dragged him oft with
kindly force toward the companlonway. "Take a synch
from me, captain, and don't. The old man's in such a
mortal fear for the ship that he's fair crying with It. If
he'd had his way. I don't fancy he'd have seen your boat
at all. He said it was suicide to try and pick you up with
such a sea running. But the second mate and I put in
some ugly talk, and so he just had to do it. Here's the
comnanion. Step inside and I'll shut the door."
"Pretty sort of captain to let his mates boss him!"
"Quite" agree with you, captain; quite agree with you
all the way. But that's what's done on this ship, and
there's no getting over it. It's not to my liking either: I'm
an old Con way boy. and was brought up to respect disci
pline. However, I daresay you'll see tor yourself how.
things run before we dump you back on dry mud again.
Now here we are at my room, and there's a change of
clothes in that drawer beneath the bed, and underwear be- [
low the settee here. You and I are much of a build, and
the kit's quite at your service till your own's dry again."
"Well," continued the mate, as he watched Kettle,
"you may thank you're best little star that you're only
here as a passenger. The grub's beastly, tne ship stinks,
the cook's a fool, and everything's as . uncomfortable as
can be. But there's one fine amusement ahead of you, and
that's try and cheer up the other passenger." .
"Stowaway?"
"No; bona fide passenger, if you can imagine any one
being mug enough to book a room on a foul, cattle-loaded |
tramp like this. But I guess it was because sne was hard
up. She was a governess, or something of that "sort, in
Buesnos Ayres, Tost her berth, and wanted to get back
again cheap. I guess we could afford to cut rates and
make a profit there."
"Poor lady." ..
"I've not seen much of her myself. The second mate
and I are most of the crew of this ship, as the old man ob
jects to our driving the regular deckhands, and when we're ■
not at work we're asleep. I can't stop to introduce you.
You must chum on. Her name's Carnegie."
"Miss Carnegie?" Kettle repeated. "That sounds fa
miliar. Does she write poetry?"
The mate yawned. "Don't know. Never asked her.
But perhaps she does."
The mate went off to his room then, turned in all
standing, and was promptly asleep. Kettle, with memories
of the past refreshed, took paper and a scratchy pen and
fell to concocting verse.
He wondered, and at the same, time he half dreaded
whether this was the same Miss Carnegie whom he had
known before. In days past she had given him a commis- ...
sion to liberate her lover from the French penal settlement
of •Cayenne. With infinite danger and difficulty he had
wrenched the man free from his warders, and then, finding
him a worthless fellow, had by force married him to an old
Jamaican negress, and sent the girl their marriage lines as
a token of her release. He had had no word or sign from
her since, and was in some dread now lest she might bit
terly resent the liberty he had taken in meddling so far in
her affairs. " = ■ •
The squalid meal entitled tea came on, and he had to
move his papers. A grimy steward spread a dirty cloth,
wetted it liberally with water, and shipped fiddles to try
and induce the tableware to keep in place despite the roll
ing ■■ The ■ steward mentioned . that none ■: of tne officers
would be down, that the two passengers would meal to
gether.
Captain Kettle watched the door with a haggard face.
He was beginning to realize. that- an emotion was stirred :.
within him that should have had no place in his system. I
He told himself sternly that he was a married man with a
family that he had a deep affection for both his wife and \
children: that. In cold fact, he had seen Miss Carnegie In
the flesh but once before. But there was no getting over
the memory that she made poetry, a craft that he adored,
and he could not forget that she had already lived in .his 'p
mind for more months than he dared count. -"
• His conscience took him by the ear, and sighed out the
word love. On the instant all his pride of manhood was up
in arms, and he rejected the imputation -with scorn; and
then after some thought formulated his liking for the girl
in the term : interest. : '■'"■■ '-'.'.-.". \-\ , ,
; Then in the distance he heard her 1 approaching. He —
wiped the moisture from his face with the mate's pocket
handkerchief. Above s the din of the seas and the noises :,%
from the cattle pens outside, he could make out the rustle
of draperies and the uncertain footsteps of some one pain
fully making, a way along- , hand : over hand against '■ the :
bulkheads A bunch of fingers appeared round the Jamb of
a door slender, white fingers, one of them decked with a
queer old ring which he had seen just once before, and had
pictured a thousand times since.- And then the girl herself :
stepped out Into the cabin, swaying to the roll of the ship.;
; She nodded to him with instant recognition. "It was you
®®®®®©©©©.©®.® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®
witch. They will brook no interference
In this practice. When a prominent
chief is taken ill it is attributed to the
evil influence of the "Amaggwira" and
his permission is always asked to per
form the "umhlaho" (smelling out for
witchcraft). We were tramping (writes
an eye-witness) in the southeastern
part of Zululand some months ago, and
put up one night at the house of the
only white man in the wide radius of
country. He kept a little store of gen
eral supplies, such as agricultural
tools, Bugar, salt and bread. About
dusk the natives began dropping in,
the men wearing: a cioak made of leo
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
The Wreck of the Cattle Boat
pard skin and carrying an assegai and
a shield, the women clothed in little
more than a breechcloth.
We learned that there was to be a
"smelling out" next day to discover
who was responsible for the cattle dy
ing at a village about five miles to the
north, anu made an agreement with a
young chief to guide us there.
We reached the village about 3 o'clock
in the afternoon and found the per
formance already in progress. In the
middle of the circle were a dozen men
togged out with the leaves of palm
trees and the foliage of a cereal called
mealies, like our corn.
Six of them had buffalo hide drums
suspended from the shoulder; the oth
ers carried bundles of assegais. At a
they picked up out of the boat? Oh, I am so glad you are
safe.
Kettle Strode out toward her on his steady sea legs and
stood before her, still not daring to take her ha*id. "You
have forgiven me?" he murmured. "What I did was a lib
erty, I know: but If I had not liked you so well, I should
not have dared to do It."
She cast down her eyes and flushed. "You are the
kindest man I over met," she said. "The very kindest."
She took his hand in both hers, and gripped it with nerv
ous force.
"You said you liked poetry," the girl whispered shyly,
when the first opportunity came. "I wrote the most heart
felt verses that ever came from me over that noble thing
you tried to do for a poor stranger like me."
Captain Kettle blushed like a maid. "For one of the
magazines?" he asked.
She shook her head sadly. "It was not published when
I left England, and It had been sent back to me from four
magazine offices. That was nothing new. They never
would take any of my stuff."
It appeared that Miss Carnegie's father had died since
she and Kettle had last met. and the girl had found her
self left almost destitute. She had been lured out to
Buenos Ayres by an advertisement, but without finding
employment; ana. sick at heart, had bought, with the last
of her scanty store of money, a cheap passage home in
this cattle boat. She would land In England entirely des
titute; and although she did not say this, spoke cheerfully
of the future: in fact. Kettle was torn with pity for her
state. But what, he asked himself with fierce scorn, could
he do? He was penniless himself; he had a •wife and fam
ily depending on him; and who was he to take this young,
unmarried girl under his charge?
"Do ,your three mates run this ship, captain?" asked
Kettle, at his first and only interview with the cattle
boat's captain.
"They are handy fellows." the captain answered.
"If you should ask me, I should call them poor drivers.
What for do they put in all the work themselves when
there are that mob of deckhands and cattle-hands stand
ing around doing the gentlemen as though they were In tn«
gallery of a theater?"
"There was some misunderstanding when the crew
were shipped. They say they never signed on to handle
dead cattle."
"I've seen those kind of misunderstandings before,
captain, and I've started in to smooth them away."
"Well?" said the captain of the cattle boat.
"Oh. with me," said Kettle, truculently, "they straight
ened out so soon as ever I began to hit. If your mates
knew their business they'd soon have that crew in hand
"I don't allow my mates to knock the men about. To
give them their due they wanted to; they were brought up
In a school which would probably suit you. captain— all
three of them; but I don't permit that sort of thing. I am
a Christian man and I will not order my fellow men to be
struck. If the fellows refuse their duty, it lies between
them and their consciences."
"As if an old sailor had a conscience!" murmured Ket
tle to himself. "Well, captain, I'm no small piece of a
Christian myself, but I was taught that whatever my hand
flndeth to do to do it with all my might, and I guess bash
ing a lazy crew comes under that head."
"I don't want either your advice or your theology."
"If I wasn't a passenger here." said Kettle, "I'd like to
tell you what I thought of your seamanship, and your no
tion of making a master's ticket respected. But I'll hold
signal irora one liicic »>a.o «. on«un"««>
ous "bang" and clatter of the javelins,
whereupon - the circle began to i move
around slowly, the women crooning a
weird dirge = and clapping their hands
the while. This is called "Ukwombela,"
or getting . the ; first line on the ■ witch.
Suddenly there was a movement in one
part of the circle, and through the line
sprang the '? priest, " his -; • , face ■ streaked
with white paint and wearing a pair of
horns. He began to 1; go ■;; through the
most . extraordinary contortions, strik
ing himself with a knobkerry and spin
ning round on "j one foot. The women
became : more violent 'v all the h time, '
screaming to the "Imishologo" (spirits
of their ancestors) to reveal the witch.
When : the • priest had J wrought \ himself ,
up .to the point v where he seemed about
to collapse he abruptly stopped and re
tired to ; his assistants. "He Is naming
the witch," l explained our guide, his
eyes strained, while he fairly gasped for
; breath. The silence was intense and the
moment', thrlllingly tragic. : . ';
. . The priest walked . into the middle ; of
the circle again to the beating of the
drums, and looking all \ about j the I circle
twice, finally fixed his gaze in the oppo
site direction from us. Every eye fol
- lowed \ it. ; We ', could 5 not j hear what he .
said, but that r, part of £ the ? circle > fell
■back,' leaving one poor wretch standing
alone. - /", '] ■.' ':: ■' )." '^.-. 'l : '. ''- : 'i'^'-.-.' ■
After this the whole camp pounced
on the witch and tore off his charms,
bracelets, his cuross or shield, and took
his weapons. At the same time a chief
came over to us and said that "white
man has no right to stay here longer,"
and suggested to us to leave imme
diately.
Don't forget that worry kills as surely
as consumption. The only difference
is that you can break yourself of the
worry habit
by Cutcliffe Ayne
nay tongue on that. As It Is I think I ought just to say I
aon t consider this ship's safe, run the way she Is." 1
The captain of the cattle boat flushed darkly. He
Jerked his head toward the ladder. "Get down off this
bridge " he said.
'Vhat!"
"You hear me! Get down off my brtdgw. If you've
learnt anything about your profession, you must know this
is private up here, and no place for blooming passengers."
Kettle glared and hesitated. He was nox used to re
ceiving orders of this description, and the innovation did
not please him. But for once in his life he submitted. Misa
Carnegie was sitting under the lee of the deckhouse aft,
watching him, and somehow or other he did not choose to
nave a scene before her. It was all part of this strange
new feeling which had come over him.
». S e gripped his other impulses tight and went and sat
beside her.
Perhaps of all the human freight that the cattle boat
carried Mr. McTodd was the only on« person entirely
nappy. He had no watch to keep, no work to do; the mess
room was warm, stuffy and entirely to- his taste; liquor
was plenty, and the official engineers of the ship were
bcotch and argumentative. He never came on deck for a
whiff of fresh air; never knew a moment's tedium; he lived
In a pleasant atmosphere of broad dialect, strong tobacco
and toasting oil, and thoroughly enjoyed himself; though
wnen the moment of trial came, and his thews and sinews
and energies were wanted for the saving of human life, he
quickly showed that this Capua had in no way sapped his
efficiency.
The steamer had carried foul weather with her all the
way across the Atlantic from the River Platte, as though
It were a curse Inflicted for the cruelty of her stevedores.
There is no doubt that vigilance was dangerously slack
ened.
A tog, too, which came down to cover the sea, stopped
put all view of the sun, and compelled them for three days
to depend on dead reckoning; and (after the event) it was
Baid a strong current set the steamer unduiy to the west-
Ward.
Anyway, be the cause what It may. Kettle was pitched
violently out of his bunk in the deep of one night, just
after two bells, and from the symptoms which loudly ad
vertised themselves, it required no expert knowledge to
tell that the vessel was beating her bottom out on rocks to
the accompaniment of a murerously heavy sea. The en
gines stopped, steam began to blow off noisily from tne es
capes, and what with that and the cries of men and the
Clashing of seas and the beating of iron and the beast cries
from the cattle decks, the din was almost enough to split
the ear. And then the steam siren burst out into one vast
bellow of pain, which drowned all the other noises as
though they had been children's whispers.
«Kettle slid on coat and trousers over his pajamas, and
went and thumped at a door at the other side of the alley
way.
"Miss Carnegie?"
"Yes."
"Dress quickly."
"I am dressing, captain."
"Get finished with it, and then wait, I'll come for you
When it's time."
It Is all very well to b« cool on these occasions, but
sometimes the race is to the prompt. Captain Kettle made
his way up on deck against a green avalanche of water,
which was cascading down the companionway. No shore
was in sight, the ship had backed off after she had struck
and was now rolling heavily in a deep trough. She was
low in the water and every second wave swept her.
No one seemed to be in command. A dim light showed
Kettle one lifeboat wrecked in the davits, and a disorderly
mob of men trying to lower the other. But some one let
go the stern fall so that the boat shot down perpendicular
ly, and the next wave smashed the lower naif of it into
pplinters. The frenzied crowd left it to try the port quar
ter boat and Kettle raced them across the streaming
decks and got just to the davits. He plucked a greenheart
belaying pin from the rail and laid about him viciously.
"Back, you scum." he shouted, "get back or I'll smash
in every face among you. Good Lord, isn't there a mate
or a man left on this stinking farmyard? Am I to keep off
all this two-legged cattle by myself?"
They fought on, the black water swirling waist deep
among them with every roll, the siren bellowing for help
overhead, and the ship sinking under their reet; and grad
ually, with the frenzy of despair, the men drove Kettle
back against the rallr while others of them cast off the
falls of the quarterboafs tackles preparatory to letting
her drop. But then out of the darkness up came McTodd
and the steamer's mate, both shrewd hitters and men not
afraid to use their skill, and once more the tables were
turned.
The other quarterboat had been lowered and swamped;
thl6 boat was the only one remaining.
"Now, Mac," said Kettle, "help the mate take charge,
and murder every one that interferes. Get the boat in the
water and .fend off. I'll be off below and fetch up Miss
Carnegie. We must put some hurry In it. The old box
hasn't much longer to swim. Take the lady ashore and se e
she comes to no harm."
"Oh, ay," said McTodd, "and we'll keep a seat for
yersel'. skipper."
"You needn't bother," said Kettle. "I take no man's
place In this sort of a tea party." He splashed off across
the streaming decks, and found the cattle boat's captain
sheltering under the lee of the companion wringing his
hands. "Out, you blitherer." he shouted, "and save your
mangy life. Your ship's gone now; you can't play hash
with her any more." After which pleasant speech he
worked his way below, half swimming, half wading, and
once more knocked at Miss Carnegie's floor. Even in this
moment of extremity he did not dream -of going in un
asked.
She came out to him in the half-swamped alleyway
fully dressed. "Is there any hope?" she asked.
"We'll get ashore, don't you fear."
He clapped an arm around her waist and drew her
strongly on through the dark and the swirling water to
ward the foot of the companion. "Excuse me miss " he
said, "this is not familiarity. But I have got the firmer
sealegs, and we must hurry."
They pressed up the stair, battling with great green
cascades of water, and gained the dreadrul turmoil on
deck. A few weak stars gleamed out above the wind and
showed the black wave-tops dimly. Already somr of the
cattle had been swept overboard, and were swimming
about like horned beasts of a nightmare. The din of surf
came to them among other noises, but no shore was vis
ible. The steamer had backed off the reef on which she
had struck, and was foundering in deep water It was in
deep a time for hurry. It was plain that she had very few
more minutes to swim.
Each sea now made a clean breach over her and a pas
sage about the decks was a thing of infinite oangrer. But
Kettle was resourceful and strong and he had a grip round
Ailss Carnegie and a hold on something solid when the
waters drenched on him, and he contrived never to be
wrested entirely from his hold.
But when he had worked his way aft, a disappoint
ment was there ready for him. The quarterboat was gone.
McTodd stood against one of the davits, cool and philo
sophical as evar.
"You infernal Scotchman, you'i'e let them take' away
the boat from you." Kettle snarled. "I should have
thought you could have kept your end up with a mangy
crowd like that."
"Use your eyes," said the engineer. "The boars In the
wash below there, at the end of the tackles with her side
stove in. She drowned the three men that were lowered
In her because they'd no' sense enough to fend off."
"That comes of setting a lot of farmers to work a
steamboat."
"Aweel." said McTodd. "steamers have been lost be
r^;^ n(i TTT T have Jt ln mlnd - captain, that you've helped."
By James, If you don't carry a civil tongue, you
drunken Geordle. I'll knock some teeth down to cover "it."
'Oh I owed you that." said McTodd; "but now we're
quits. I bided here. Captain Kettle, because I thought
maybe you d like to swim the leddy off to the shore, and at
that I can bear a useful hand."
"Mac," said Kettle. "I take back what I said about
you're being Scotch. Yovl're a good soul—" He turned to
the girl, still shouting to make his voice carry above th©
Fleet Surgeon-There doesn't seem much wrong with you, my man. What's the matter* '
therein or'a tumble? * '** * M "' ' drlnk9 We "' an> 1 Bleeps well; »»« wben I sec- a** of work-
clash of the seas and the bellow of the siren and the nolsea
of the dying ship. "IV a our only chance, miss swimming.
The lifebuoys from the bridge are all gono. I looked. The
hands will have taken them. There'll be a lot or timber
floating about when sUe goes down, and wo 11 be best clear
of that. Will you trust to us?"
"1 trust you In everything," she said.
Deeper and deeper the steamer sank In her wallow.
The lower decks were swamped by this, and the miserable
cattle were either drowned in their stalls or washed out
of her. There was no need for the three to jump. They
just let go their hold, and the next incoming wave swept
them clear of the steamer's spar deck and spurned them
one hundred yards from her side.
They found themselves among a herd of of floating
cattle, some drowned, some swimming frenziedly; and with
the inspiration of the'moment laid hold of a couple of
beasts which were tangled together by a halter, and so
supported themselves without further exertion. It was no
use swimming for the present. They could not tell which
way the shore lay. And It behooved them to reserve all
their energies for the morning, so well as the numbing cola
and the water would let them.
Of a sudden the bellow of the steamer's siren ceased,
and a pang went through them as though they had lost a
friend. Then came a dull, muffled explosion. And then a
huge, ragged shape loomed up through the night like some
vast monument, and sank swiftly straight downward out
of sight beneath the black, tumbled sea.
"Poor old girl," said McTodd, spitting out the sea
water, "they'd a nne keg of whisky down in her mess
room."
"Poor devil of a skipper," said Kettle, "It's to be hoped
he's drowned out of harm's way, or It'll take lying to keep
him any rags of his ticket."
The talk died out of them after that, and the miseries
of the situation closed in. The water was cold, but the
air was piercing, and so they kept their bodies submerged,
each holding on to the bovine raft, and each man sparing
a few fingers to keep a grip on the girl. One of the beasts
they clung to quickly drowned; the other, strange to say,
kept its nostrils above water, swimming strongly, and in
the end came alive to the shore, the only four-footed occu
pant of the steamer to be saved.
At the end of each minute it seemed to them that they
were too bruised and numb to hang on another sixty sec
onds; and yet the next minute found them still alive and
dreading its successor. The sea moaned around them,
mourning the dead; the fleet of drowned cattle surged
helplessly to this way and to that, bruising them with
rude collisions; and the chill bit them to the bone, merci
fully numbing their pain and anxiety. Long before the
dawn the girl had sunk into a stupor, and was only held
from sinking by the nervous fingers of the men; and then
the men themselves were merely automata, completing
their task with a legacy of will.
When from somewhere out of the morning mists a
fisherboat sailed up, manned by ragged, kindly Irish, all
three were equally lost to consciousness and all three
were hauled over the gunwale in one continuous, dripping
string. The grip of the men's fingers had endured too long
to be loosened for a sudden call such as that.
They were taken ashore and tended with all the care
poor homes could give, -and the men, used to hardships,
recovered with a dose of warmth and sleep.
Miss Carnegie took longer to recover, and In fact for a
week lay very near to death. Kettle stayed on In the vil
lage, making almost hourly inquiries for her. He ought to
have gone away to seek fresh employment: he ought to
have gone back to his wife and children, and he upbraided
himself bitterly for his neglect of these duties. But still
he could not tear himself away. For the future — well, he
dreaded to think what might happen in the future.
But at last the girl was able to sit up and see him, and
he visited her, showing all the deference an ambassador
might offer to a queen. I may go so far as to Bay that he
went into the cottage quite infatuated; ho came out of it
disillusioned.
She listened to his tale of the wreck with interest and
surprise. She was almost startled to hear that others, in
cluding the captain and two of the mates, were saved from
the disaster besides themselves, but at the same time un
feignedly pleased. And she was pleased also to hear that
Kettle was subpenaed to give evidence before the forth
coming inquiry.
"I am glad of that," sh said, "because I know you will
speak with a free mind. You have told me so many times
how incompetent the captain was, and now you will be
able to tell it to the proper authorities."
Kettle looked at her blankly. "But that was different,"
he said. "I can't say to them what I said to you."
"Why not? Look what misery and suffering and loss
of life the man has caused. He isn't fit to command a
ship."
"But, miss." said Kettle, "it's his living. He's been
-brought up to seafaring-, and he isn't fit for anything else.
You wouldn't have me send out the man to starve? Be
sides I'm a shipmaster myself, and you wouldn't have me
try to take away another masters ticket? The cleverest
captain afloat might meet with misfortune, and he's al
ways got to think of that when he's put up to give evi
dence against his fellows."
"Well, what are you going to do, then?"
"Oh, we've got together a tale, and when the old man
Is put up on his trial the mates and I will stick to it
through thick and thin. You gpan bet that we are not
going to swear away his tioket.
"His ticket?"
"Yes: his master's certificate, his means of livelihood."
"I think it's wrong." she said, excitedly, "criminally
wrong. And besides, you said you didn't like the man."
"I don't. I dislike him cordially. But that's nothing
to do with the case. I've my own honor to thinK of, Miss.
How'd I feel if I went about knowing I'd done my best to
ruin a brother captain for good and always?"
"You are wrong." she repeated, vehemently. "The
man is incompetent by your own saying, and. therefore, ha
should suffer."
Kettles heart chilled.
"Miss Carnegie," he said. "I am disappointed In you.
I thought from your poetry that you had feelings; I
thought you had charity, but I find that you are cold."
"And you," she retorted, "you that I had set up for
myself as an ideal of most of the manly virtues, do you
think I feel no disappointment when I hear that you are
deliberately proposing to be a liar?"
"I am no liar." he said sullenly. "I have most faults,
but not that. This is different; you do not understand. It
is not lying to defend one's fellow shipmaster before an
inquiry board."
The girl turned to the pillow in her chair and hid her
face. "Oh. go," she said. "g->! I wish I had never met
you. I thought you were so good and so brave and so hon
est, and when it comes to the pinch you are just like the
rest. Go! Go! I wish I tnought I could ever forget you"'
"You say you don't understand." said Kettle. "I think
you deliberately won't understand, miss. You remember
that I said I was disappointed in you, and I stick to that
now. You make me remember that I have got a wife and
family I am fond of. You make me ashamed I have not
gone to them before."
He went to the door and opened it. "But I do not think
I shall ever forget." he said, "how much I cared for you
once. Good-by, miss."
"Good-by," she sobbed from her pillow. "T wish I
could think you are right, but perhaps it Is best as it is "
In the village street outside was MoTodd. clothed in
rasping serge and inclined to be sententious. "They've
whisky here." he said, with a jerk of the thumb. "Irish
whisky that's got a smoky taste that's rather allurinj?
when once you've got over the first di«!!Ke. I'm out o^
siller mysel' or I'd stand you a glass, but if ye be in funds
I could guide ye to the place."
Kettle was half tempted, but with a wrench he said
"No," adding that if he once started he might not know
when to stop.
"Quite right," .said the engineer, "'you're quite Chic*
right, skipper. A man with an inclination to level himself
with the beasts that perish should always be abstemious."
He sat against a wayside fence and prepared for sleep
"'. <ke me," he added, solemnly, and shut his eyes.
"No," said Kettle to himself. "I won't forget It that
way. I guess I can manage without. She pretty well cured
me herself, and a sight of the missis will do the rest "THE PR!DE OF THE WICKIUP.
Indian papoose In a prize basket.
From a Photograph.
■"I\.T-EAR URIAH, Aug. 23.— If there
[Yl is anything a Digger Indian
J\| hates it is the "white man's
.1 \ devil," a big forest fire. The
: : flames are raging from Mount
'."' .Sanhedrin in the east to Boonville in
". the west, and all the Indians in the de
vastated region, with their grinning
■ squaws and stolid papooses, we over
• .running the towns to escape the flames.
• I saw more rare baskets among them
fiv'an hour than I had seen before in
: months. "It's the opportunity of a life
'■■■. time" to -buy them," I decided and Iran
. to' my friend, the Indian doctor, to see
- if I wasn't right, for 1 have discovered
: ; ' that, only the "old resident" can sue
: - iCespfully cope in trade with the wiles
•■pi r'thtr up-to-date red man. Poor Lo
"knows his business now. I confess I
:;-dpn!t : '-kriow much about him, but my
■} friend, the Indian doctor, does, for he
: : svus raised in sight of their wickiups.
•-"• ':'.- Despite the fact that the fire had run
..■'the- temperature up to 115 degrees In the
..-. : shade' and every Indian must have left
J-. : the' forest with his or her best baskets
;' tlje .doctor was not encouraging. He
■ '"' assured me kindly that the rarest
'i ibaskets .could be purchased from plain
' every rday storekeepers in the town
;.'•. sloops.
.■■■■;. '.'But what a chance to get photo
.-' graphs at the same time," I pleaded.
'■ '..•'■You can get the best photographs
■ : . : f rom'the photographers also," he bland
.• : |JF-' advised. In a matter-of-fact, pains
; taking and direct way he gave me to
; .plainly understand that the Indians
'. : thereabouts were a dirty, thieving,
, 'lying lot with no higher aspirations
' : than an occasional square meal.
■: out the lust to acquire queer baskets
;•. .was upon me and the Indians about me
-. '-were noted for producing rarely beauti
ful shapes and designs. Besides such
'. " a. chance to get photographs did not
■" eeenr likely to occur again, so I threw
' advice to the winds, madly beckoned
th& ■• impatient photographer, jumped
• . upon his blackboard and we dashed for
■ :Ward to raid the nearest Indian village.
: ; Basket making, I was assured, would
Bocm be a lost : art among these Indians
• because' they make so much money
■ -picking hops they do not care to bother
/with the baskets. Entire families camp
' . pot in the hop fields for weeks at a
• tim ■••... The best time to buy baskets is
. "In midwinter, when food is scarce.
•'■•'■ "The first rancheria consisted of. a
■■■ -cluster, of some three dozen shanties
• perched on the verge of a ravine. We
..-promptly asked for Captain Jack. It
-wrt.s he who, in a marvelous girdle of
leopard tails, performed the part of the
• : ' •■Wild man from Borneo at the Midwinter
..Fair at 10 cents a head. "Captain Jack
was absent and in his place we found
' '; Captain Peter, the sub-chief. His high
ness was squatting on the ground
. . : making wampum by cutting shells
.into small disks and perforating
.them with a borer while his prime
minister laced them on a long string.
He-was a dirty, barefooted potentate, a
'fine specimen of the beautifully hide
ous. And his first words were bluntly,
• ;"Clear out."
; But I had not come so far to "clear
out" and asked him what he was going
1 to <!•> with the wampum.
■:. f Oh, plenty more white fools come
buy."
"I think I would like some."
"No Bell to-day," and he would not.
ird I discovered to what use
th*y put the wampum.
w.- proposed to photograph him and
got the camera into position only to be
vith his wild gesticulations:
"Ah, you! You quit! Gimme four
bits, take picture bye and bye when I
dressed up."
H- I on having his way, so we
him Sunday best clothes, shoes
and all. The prime minister also mi
i upon a payment <if 25 cents.
\Vh,il'- waiting the pleasure of his royal
hlph'r.---:- to change his attire we visited
the ■ They were window-
Bnd furnitureless, in
faft every ''ess" but dirtless.
It !s i}:" fashion among the women
:tr> war the hair cut in a pent-house
bnnp. just Ion" enough to peep under,
:i tight calico wrapper, bare feet and a
brilliant silk neckerchief.
A s-^u.iw who Spoke excellent English
arid who said her name was "Mary
CAPTAIN PETE AND HIS PRIME MINISTER
From a photograph.
Th.-ne two leading Indians of the tribe are engaged in making and string
. . ing wampum to be used for counters in gambling: game*
"GET OUT!" SAID POOR LO.
Wouldn't Sell His Baskets and Wouldn't
Be Photographed , Though Cornered
by the "White .Men's Devil."
Palen Martha Washington,"
ilf hidden by a basket which
as making,
slowly worked away, dip
the peeled hazel twigs in a
cup of water and taking the un
peeled twigs for the brown pat
tern out of a bowl where they
were soaking. She knew the
value of her photo as well as any
English professional beauty.
"How long have you been work
ing on that basket?" I asked.
i Three months."
t the rate she was then going
many hours would have suf
& to finish it.
would like your picture."
)ne dollar."
Jut that is too much."
very fine — everybody want
my picture. Heap big fool from
the East with his girl gimme two
dollars yesterday. I worth much."
Then she said her husband had
some fine baskets to sell, but he
had gone to the hop fields and
had taken the key of the shanty
and had locked her out. He
would not return till nightfall and
perhaps not then, she said.
"You don't have any women's
clubs here?" I queried.
"Women clubs. Oh, yes, he club me."
A small boy who had kept close to us
said his sister had some baskets, so we
followed him to her home.
It was larger and better than the
rest. A capacious fireplace without a
chimney gave forth more smoke than
warmth, and a very old Bquaw got up
in disgust at seeing us enter and went
out grumbling.
In the warmest, least smoky corner
a young woman crouched with a death
like baby, whose wall she was trying to
soothe. She paid no attention to us and
only watched her baby. Her mother,
who was stretching the skins of some
rabbits which she had just dressed, left
them and brought out the baskets.
There were two of them and on each
was pinned a note written in a round,
schoolboy hand:
THIS BASKET TWENTY (20)
DOLLARS.
NO UP NO DOWN.
The old squaw was jolly and quizzical
and wanted to know why we wanted
the baskets, but she could not grasp
the explanation— and I asked to take
the baby's photograph.
"No! No! Not! She," pointing to her
daughter, "feel sorry. She got two
lose — no picture take!"
All the while the mother of the little
one hugged him closer, because, with
all Indians, she believed that to be pho
tographed, shortens one's life. It was
for this reason. I suspect, that they
made no objection, wV,«-n paid, to our
photographing their old people, who are
useless to them.
A smiling, genial Indian gentleman
allowed us to photograph a baby as of
ten as we pleased, at 25 cents a shot.
We afterward discovered it was a
neighbor's baby he had borrowed to use
on us.
In front of the last shanty in this
rancheria three old women were seated
grinding acorns into flour. An old man
lying near by on the ground did not
open his eyes to notice us.
"Is he asleep?" I asked.
"More likely he is drunk," said the
photographer.
The old man opened his eyes and
grinned and said, "Not so good luck,"
and all the women joined in an appre
ciative grin.
They had no baskets, but allowed us
to photograph them for a consideration.
The next rancheria was seven milrs
distant. Just before we reached it a
crowd of school children came out of
school. They were as wild as birds, but
soon forgot their fear scrambling for
small coin which we threw to them.
One small girl said her name was
Sara Bernhart. A boy told me he was
Paderewski, and when Sharkey and
Fitzsimmons, too, were in the school, I
asked a little lone-faced boy if those
were the children's right names.
"Oh. no; he's Mary and he's Joseph,"
came the answer, and all the names of
the apostles followed, for they are
named by the priest and the good sis
ters who teach their only school.
They had just been arranged for a
fine group when a man on horseback
appeared, and the youngsters were off
like a flash. The man rode after and
seemed to threaten as the children dis
appeared in their homes.
. When we knocked every door was
locked, and one squaw called out:
"This Injun don't want nothing."
The rest seemed all dead.
We were just deciding that either we
must attack the villiage in old Indian
style or else give up baskets and pho
tographs, when an old Indian and his
wife drove up in a cart which seemed
to be held together with ropes. We ap
pealed to him.
"My wife she no good — she too lazy.
She not make baskets — she only sit
down." raid the old Indian.
The wife smiled in a superior sort of
way, and did not seem to mind what he
said.
The man told us he was the captain,
as the chief man of the village is
called: that"~the men were in the sweat
house and that he would take us In and
we could get a picture if we paid him.
It was agreed and he slowly un
hitched and then brought out some
beautiful baskets in which to pack the
provisions he had bought.
"My odder wife she died," he ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
plained. "Oh, she very good. She
make many, many baskets. I sell and
ret much, much money. This one,"
and he pointed to his companion, "Bhe
damn no good."
The "other wife" only grinned.
The roof of the sweat or club house
only was above ground — a low pyra
mid formed of poles about twenty-five
feet long and leaving a four-foot open
ing over the center. The entrance
was dug out and descended about three
feet to the floor of the inclosure and
was so low that I had to lie down and
wiggle in after the chief, who had al
ready made the bargain with the In
dians to be photographed.
A fire was burning under the open-
Ing in the roof, which let out some
smoke and let in a little air and day
light. Not one of the braves appeared
to be conscious of our entrance as they
sat on the ground, throwing down the
cards and counting of wampum from
long strings hanging about their necks.
They were gambling and used the
wampum as counters, to be afterward
redeemed in legal tender.
The photographer explained to them
clearly that the flashlight would make
a little noise and a little fire and some
SAW NAPOLEON
MARCH TO MOSCOW
Bemarkable period which Dr. Floto, a practicing San
Francisco physician, can review as his lifetime. He spoke
to Napoleon's brother Joseph, King of Holland, and met
many interesting people of the Napoleonic era.
WHEN I was a boy, begins my
entertainer, and I gaze at
him with respectful and
wondering admiration.
Imagine sitting hale and
hearty here in San Francisco, a man
among men still, a doctor among doc
tors, with patients awaiting in an ante
room the pleasure of an audience in the
efficacy of which they firmly believe,
and yet thinking back over nearly
ninety long years and telling stories of
personal experiences with Bonaparte the
Great, his ill-fated army that straggled
back so miserably from Moscow, and
MARY MAGDALEN MARTHA WASHINGTON WEAVING ONE OF HER BEsT BASKETS.
From a photograph.
the weak and easily influenced brother
Jerome who bartered the wife of his
choice for a kingdom of a few years'
duration.
This is the position of Dr. John H.
Floto at the present time. Born in
Hoxter, Prussia, ninety-four years ago,
the doctor came to this country while
"Old Hickory" was occupying the
Presidential chair of our nation, and af
ter graduating from the homeopathic
college of Allentown, Pennsylvania, the
first establishment of its kind in Amer
ica, studied allopathic methods in the
Philadelphia Medical College undor the
celebrated surgeon George McClellan,
and graduated with honor from that
institution also.
For over sixty years Dr. Floto has
been a practicing physician and for
thirty-three of those years he has been
practicing here in California, where he
bids fair from present appearances to
continue his professional labors for
some time to come.
Although he is undoubtedly the old
est physician still in the professional
harness in the United States, the doctor
looks as young as the majority of men
who came into this world a quarter of
a century later than himself. His
shoulders are not stooped with the
weight of years, nor has his step be
come feeble or uncertain. He carries a
cane, it is true, but the cane by no
means carries him. His figure is erect,
his manner and movements alert and
assured. A slight dullness of hearing:,
not sufficient to in any way interfere
with the pleasure of conversation with
him, is the only mark of advanced age
which Father Time has seen fit to lay
upon him. He has the' fine, high,
slightly aquiline nose which generally
tells that its fortunate possessor is of
aristocratic lineaee, a luxuriant crown
of beautiful white hair, a' crisply curl
ing white beard, and the sharp but
kindly eyes of the true disciple of Es
culapius. Moreover he has the dieni
fledly gracious ways of the "old
school."
He has shown me a photograph of his
father's brother which was taken a few
months before his death at the age of
107, and he has shown me his only pic
ture of his father who "died auite
young." he says, being: cut off untimely
after only seventy-five years of life, on
account of having contracted rheuma
tism through living three years in a
tent during his service in the French
army.
"He was a brave and good man,"
says the doctor, as he carefully puts
again under lock and key the bit of
paper cherished for so many years, and
then he tells me the story for which I
light and a bit of smell.
The captain nodded patronizingly and
said that would be all right; they
would not mind.
But they did. Every Indian came
to life with a whoop. There was no
chance to run and roiling out that rat
hole entrance did not appeal to me just
them. I stood as near the wall as I
could get, while the Indians tried to
kill the hoodoo in the camera by cir
cling around it and half chanting, half
speaking, short sentences In Indian, be
ginning very loud and ending In a
whisper.
The flashlight affected the captain,
too, and he abandoned us to the howl
ing, dancing black fiends in that pent
up smoky place. At last he came to
his senses and told us *to "git out
quick."
We lost no time in wriggling through
the low doorway.
We drove away as quickly as might
be with about four plates, a broken
camera and no baskets.
In town I bought better baskets than
I had seen at the shanties for $3 each,
but I was sure the noble red man had
at least one superstition and one
rite to ward it off. HELEN GREY.
"a very little boy, since I was only five
years old, I Innocently made my father
very uncomfortable for a few moments.
He, who was always more than kind,
spoke so severely to me on that occa
sion that the whole affair became in
delibly stamped upon my mind, and
forms the first memory picture of my
long life.
"Hoxter, our home, is a .town situ
ated on the left bank of the Weser.
and is a place of considerable histori
cal interest. In the days of the 'thlrty
years' war' it was a very flourishing:
city of more than forty thousand in
habitants, but General Tilly, comman
der of the Catholic army, bombarded
and destroyed it, together with the
have asked.
"When I was a little boy," it begins,
great stone bridge across the river, and
killed all the inhabitants who had not
managed to get away, except a few
who hid under the huge clock in a
church steeple. In the early days of
this century it had a population of
about 3000, and was chiefly noted be
cause of the beautiful monastery which
was built by Ludovic and Pious, sons
of the great Charlemagne, on the river
bank close at hand.
"Jerome, youngest brother of Na
poleon Bonaparte, was enjoying his
short-lived kingdom of Westphalia in
those days, and his brother,
Joseph, King of Holland, having made
him a present of a fine vessel, he made
a trip with his court up the river from
Cassel, the royal residence, which Is
about thirty miles away, to see this
wonderful old building and its beauti
ful grounds.
"Great preparations were made for
his coming; steps were built up from
the river and all the population turned
out to see the show. My father and
the Bishop were to personally receive
and escort the King, and as they stood
together at the top of the steps I ran
away from my mother and the rest and
went up beside my father.
"The King was advancing up the
steps, so father was obliged to ignore
me and carry out his part of the pro
gramme. Jerome was most affable and
stood for some minutes talking with
the two gentlemen, while the richly
dressed ladies and gentlemen of his
court waited at a little distance listen
ing, with amusement doubtless, to the
queer mixture of French and German
with which they endeavored to make
themselves understood.
"As for me. I grew tired of standing
there and being taken no notice of by
any one. and being a petted child I
announced my presence by suddenly
and decidedly pulling the King's coat
tail. I shall never forget the expres
sion of my father's face as he looked
at me, nor the tone of his voice, but the
King, who was as kindly as he was
weak and vacillating, put his hand on
my head and bade my father not to
chide me. and after that I was taken
on board the beautiful boat, which was
fitted up like a palace, and then walked
through the convent gardens and had
altogether such a delightful time as to
make that the happiest day that I had
ever known.
"That bishop, by the way, was the
famous Bishop Loer.ing, and Jerome
took such a fancy to him that he had
him remove to the palace and become
hie religious adviser. He died a year
later and his portrait, queerly enough,
since he was the last bishop ever cre
ated in that diocese, Just completed the
line of portraits of his predecessors.
which, headed by those of Charlemagne
and Ludovic, extended along and fitted
into the length of the great convent
gallery.
"About two years later, in the spring
of 1812 I think it was. Napoleon him
self was driven through the town in a
carriage. I remember well how he
looked sitting up very .straight with
his arms folded and his hat pulled a
little down over his eyes. There was a
great crowd out to look at him, but
there was no cheering, and no pleas
ant excitement. No one there either
loved or admired him, I can assure
you, and he went along as quickly and
quietly as possible.
"After that the troops began to
march through the place night and day
on their way to Moscow, and every
body was frightened and anxious, for
there seemed no real safety for any
one. The rattle of the artillery car
riages, the tramp of the infantry and
the noise of the cavalry made the
whole town a place of confusion. Our
houses were made hotels against our
wills and all peaceful avocations were
at a standstill until the great body of
the army had passed by. Some of our
own townspeople of course went with
them — because they must — and that
fall and winter some of them came
back again. One of our neighbors
came with both legs frozen off, and he
was glad to get back with the stumps.
"It seems like a nightmare, the mem
ory of the tattered, starving, crippled
creatures that I saw in those dreadful
days, while I was yet too young to un
derstand the reason of their misery
and who was to blame for the death
of the 90,000 men who were lost in that
awful retreat from Moscow.
"After the French were beaten at
Leipsic the people of Hoxter had a fine
festival and one of the amusements
was a shooting contest open to all rifle
men. The target was a life-size effigy
of Napoleon Bonaparte a. r * to the first
man who put a bullet where his heart
ought to have been was promised a
valuable prize.
"I was eight years old then and had
begun to understand things a little bet
ter than formerly, and I watched the
marksmen shoot with the greatest in
terest. Everybody rejoiced when the
figure was hit at all and rejoiced louder
the nearer a shot came to piercing a
vital part. A printer whom we knew
well was the first one to send a bullet
through the tiny spot over the heart,
and he was the king of the festival
from that moment."
The differences between Lord Salis
bury and the Right Hon. Joseph Cham
berlain are now understood. They are
directly traceable to an incideat that
occurred when Lord Salisbury was
WITH c YELL OF TERROR THE INDIANS DASHED FROM
THE SWEAT HOUSE WHEN THE FLASHLIGHT
WENT OFF-
hurrying to catch a train. The people's
Joseph hailed him from afar. "Oh,"
said he, "glad I met you. I've a ques
tion to ask you."
"Yes," answered the Premier polite
ly, but fidgeting with the money he
had ready in his hand for a ticket;
"what is it?"
"Why is a goat nearly?" said Mr.
Chamberlain.
DR. JOHN H- FLOTO.
Dr. Floto Is P4 years old, and is still practicing: his profession in San Fran
cisco. He began sixty jreata Ago, and remembers seemg 'Napoleon and many of
the historical men of that Deriod. *
"Er — I don't quite — "
"Why is a goat nearly?" persisted
Mr. Chamberlain.
"Excuse me." said Salisbury, "I must
catch this train.!"
"Why is a goat nearly?"
"Er— d— it" (Salisbury looked at his
watch) "I've lost that train!"
"Because it's ail butt," replied Cham
berlain.
2526
GRADUALLY every one !s re
turning to town, and September
will probably find all the city
homes once again occupied.
However, nothing has as yet
; ■ ■' been done In regard to the
: .'coming winter season. The outlook is
. .'brilliantly gay, although it is much too
•; .■early to make any definite predictions.
One of the most delightful events of
...the past week was the dinner given on
.•• Wednesday evening by Dr. Robert A.
• McLean at the University Club, compli
mentary to Dr. and Mrs. W. E. Taylor, '
.• ,who are about to sail for Honolulu,
where they Intend to reside permanently.
: . ' The dinner was one of the most ele
• gant ever given at the University Club.
" Long Btemmer American beauty roses I
• .made an artistic and beautiful table dec- i
. oration. The menu was elaborate and
'•the service perfect.
• Seated at table were Dr. and Mrs. W.
E. Taylor, Dr. Robert A. McLean, Miss
McLean. Mrs. Janet S. Porteous, Mr. and
'"Mrs. Colin M. Boyd, Dr. and Mrs. Powers
■ and Dr. Olmstead.
Jhevj're Engaged.
: A pleasant event In social circles next
■week will be the marriage on Wednesday
■ evening of Miss Amanda Corinne Josephi
and George A. McQowan. The marriage,
which ■ promises to bs a notable affair,
will be celebrated at the First Congre
gational Church, the pastor. Rev. George
C. Adams, to officiate at the nuptials.
Miss Josephi, who Is a striking beauty
of the brunette type, possessing a grace
ful figure and dignified carriage, has been
■prominent In social and educational o(r
• cies. where her charming individuality
has won for her hosts of friends and ad
mirers.
The bride-elect Is a daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. William M. Joseph!, her father
■being a prominent official Jn the Postoffice
Department and at present occupying the
position of superintendent of Station A,
corner of Sacramento and Polk streets.
He has also been long identified with the
order of Elks.
Mr. McGowan, the groom-elect, is a
well-known and successful attorney.
The couple will go on an extended trip
through the northern part of the State.
The engagement has been announced of
Miss Isabella Louise Taylor, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. James M. Taylor of Oak
land, and Clyde Davenport Carman, son
of Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Carman of Oak
land.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Amelia Altfleld of this city to Sam Poska,
a capitalist of Sacramento.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Kathryn Reglna Regan and Will C. Stick
man.
The engagement of Harry Palmer and
Miss May Hopkins, formerly of Sutsun, la
announced.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Beckle Silversteln of Oakland to Max
Gross of San Francisco.
The engagement is announced of Louis
"Wiener and Mlbs Sarah Lewis. They will
receive at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
W. Wolf. 403 Ellis street, September 4
from 2 to 6.
The engagement is announced of Abe
. Abrams and Miss Llllie Englander
d ? u ,^ ht fJ" °J. Mr - and Mrs - °- Englander
. :of 617 McAllister street.
" Wedding Bells.
.:"■ Earlton H. Traxler and Miss Ida S.
Gray, both of Amador County, were
quietly married at 30 McAllister street
■;. on August 14. Their future home will be
in Alameda County.
: Home QatKerings.
A very pleasant surprise party was ten
dered to Miss T. Stark at her residence,
E5 Harriet street, last Sunday evening by
her many friends. Games, vocal and in
strumental music, and dancing were the
amusements of the evening, after which
•' an elegant repast was partaken of by all.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Stark, Mr. and Mrs. Silverman, Miss F.
f)soske. Miss E. Cohn. Miss T. Stark. Miss
R. Byer, Miss M. Schoenfeld, Miss F.
Swartz, Mias D. Levett, Miss R. Adler,
Miss A. Liohtig. Miss M. Ososke. P. Gold
stein, L. Hess. G. Haley, D. G. Coleman,
C. Agner, I. Goldstein, J. Goldstone, J.
Adler and Captain Joseph J. Liberman.
An enjoyable surprise party was given
to Mrs. F. Cheever at her residence, 3458
Nineteenth street, on Saturday evening,
August 20. Those present were: Mr. and
Mr*. F. Cheever, Master Frank and
Miss Grace Cheever, Mrs. C. Muller B
Muller, Miss Lena Muller, Miss Etta Mul
ler. Miss Belle Wass, Mr. and Mrs J
Gustavson. Masters Fred and John Gus
tavson, Mr. and Mrs. Gustavson, Master
Gusiavpon, Mrs. Swift, Mr. and ZWrs
Puffer. Master Bruce and Miss Louise
Puffer, Mrs. Maltland, Mrs. C. T Martin
Mrs. Guthrie, Mr. and Mrs. Carl Eber
hardt. Music, Hinging and dancing were
continued until a late hour Sunday morn
ing.
A birthday party was given to Walter
Wolff last Wednesday evening by his
parents at their residence, 1X22 Octavla
street. Those present were: Miss Grace
Embree, Miss Alice Con way. Miss *da
Rorkraer, Miss Gussie Schultz. Miss Mac
Sullivan, Miss Jane Cohn, Miss Agnes
Deary, Miss Edith Hogan Miss Mac
Cohn. Miss S. J. Gorman. Miss Gertrude
Lovejoy. Miss Amy Smith, Miss Bewsie
Thomas, Miss Nellie Pease, Miss Teresa
Bauer, Mlhs Catherine Crosby, Miss Rue
Kaufman, Miss Maria Conrad, Miss Adele
Smith, Miss Pauline Hass, Miss Elsie
Newhall, Miss Virginia Toban, Miss Maud
Crockett, Miss Edith Brandensteln, Miss
Coile Dwyer. Miss Agnes Levinson, Lieu
tenants Pickett, Johnson, Manson and
Bright: Sergeant Coates. O. S. V. ;'
Messrs. George P. Whitney, Eugene A.
Hermida. Albert Crosby. Louis Cohn.
George F. Lovejoy. Ed Bier, Oscar Hast
ing, William Dougherty, Clarence Ream
SOCIETY
er, Edmund Kriess. Harry S. King, T. M.
Taylor, Will Hooper, F. S. Dwyer, L. H.
Smith, Al Bauer. Tom R. dormer, F. Mo-
Lean, Otto Shulter. Emlle Hyraan, David
Hasell. Ed Kline. William Bauer. Ben Sii
versteln, Dowell Mtßean and Louis
Lathame.
Mrs. Leman, widow of Hon. Walter M.
I.cman, celebrated her ninetieth birthday
E:T residence, 228 Sixth avenue, Rlch
!, on Monday, August 22. In response
vltatlons, her many friends were re
d by the venerable lady during the
noon, and In the evening 1 the mem
of the family and a few older
3s held a reunion, when a musical
dramatic programme closed a most
able day. Mrs. Leman retains her
ties to a marvelous extent, and en-
Joyed greeting her many friends exceed
ingly. Born in Boston, Mass., August
21, ISOS, she has many interesting rem
iniscences of her youth, and recalls thfc
time when she shook hands with Lafay
ette in the early part of the century. Her
patriotism is as strong as ever, and
her great delight 1b to read the war news
in the morning papers, which she does
without the aid or spectacles. More than
a hundred of her friends called to con
gratulate Mrs. Leman upon the com
mencement of a new decade Jn her life,
showering upon her flowers and other
souvenirs expressing their high regard
for her.
Mrs. H. W. Gleason tendered a recep
tion to members of Company A, First
Tennessee Volunteers, Thursday evening
at her residence, 2621 Sacramento street.
The parlors and dining hails were taste
fully decorated in red, white and blue
bunting. Dancing, games and music were
indulged in until the wee sma' hours of the
morning. Among those present were:
Corporals Eugene Roberts, Kirby Fitzpat
rlrk, Sam SI. Moore, Privates L. L.
Banks. John Skelly. Jasper Calvert, Ar
thur Preston and E. H. ■ Morris, Misses
Mamie Ryan, Bertha Brown, Paulino
Morris, Lithia Meyer, Edna Meyer, Edith
Lucas, Minnie Christian and Mrs. H. W.
Gleuson. •
Club parties.
A large and appreciative audience at
tended last Monday's social meeting of the
Pacific Coast Women's Press Association.
The programme was successfully render
ed, and consisted of remarks on exhibits of
Hawaiian, Japanese and Chinese curios,
by Mesdames Gray, Dickinson and Ream
er; "A Norwegian Wedding," by Mrs.
North; "A Dialect Recitation," by Miss
Friedrichs; and a humorous poem, by Miss
Skldmore.
In tKo. Future.
The Sero Club announces their third an
nual entertainment and hop on next Sat
urday evening, September 3. at Native
Sons' Hall, Mason street, near Post.
Santa Gatalina Island.
Commodore 8. A. Wlltsie, who arrived
here recently from San Francisco on his
private yacht Aggie, has given several
yachting parties, and has made him
self very popular by reason of his many
parties around the Island to San Clem
ente and other points of interest on the
island.
Chief Justice Street of Arizona, who
has been at the Metropole for the past
month, accompanied by Mrs. Street, Mrs.
J. H. Martin and children, left recently
for Santa Monica, They will return later
in the season for an extended stay.
Mrs. C. A. Palfer and daughters. Miss
Palmer and Miss Bessie Palmer, who
have been spending the summer at the
Metropole, have returned to their home
in Oakland, expecting to return again
next season.
Andrew Carrigan and wife of San
Francisco have been spending a week on
the Island. Mr. Carrigan distinguished
himself while here by killing a wild goat
in the mountains at a distance of 300
yards. Mr. Carrigan is vice president of
the firm of Dunham, Carrigan & Co.
Miss Moffett and Miss Alice Moffett. of
Oakland, accompanied by Mlbs Gardner
and Miss Ruth Gardner, of Pasadena, are
gueets of the Hotel Pasadena for an ex
tended stay.
Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Mana of Spokane
are registered at the Metropol«.
Redlands is represented at the Metro
pole by Harry E. Alnsworth and W. R.
Morris.
Prominent among Oakland society men
at the Metropole are James C McKee,
C. D. Carman and A. R. Hasklns.
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Bekart and Mr. and
Mrs. C. W. Kern of San Francisco are
registered at the Metropole.
Jhe Qeysers.
Arrivals at the Geysers for the past
week were: Mrs. Thomas L. Hill, Mrs.
A. Beard. Mrs. Hayes Francis. Frank I.
Myers, Mrs. D. M. Ramsey, J. N. Colter,
Aug. Lang, James Takey, Henry Dahl
Jr., Richard Lang, Captain James B.
Smith, R. R. Hind, James Ralph Jr., T.
A. Vogel. J. C. Smith, C. W. Wolfe. Al
bert McAllister. Mabey McMahon, H. IT.
Ingle, San Francisco; C. W. Gaffney,
A. T. Castland, Mr. and Mrs. G. Mos
bacher, J. W. McClure, wife and children,
A. Pallles, Oscar Luning and wife, Fred
Blanchard, Eugene Philippe, Oakland; J.
C. Dlnkelsplel, James Corcoran, Benlcla;
J. Kahn, Vallejo; W. K. Barry. George
A. Hall, W. A. Murphy, Petaluma; Mrs.
M. A. Brandt, Eureka; R. C. Hamiln, Los
Angeles; P. E. Maloncy, Marshall; K. E.
Dusser and wife, Vacaville; H. G. Brown
and wife. Elmlra; Herman A. Wllkendorf.
Woodland; Z. W. Christopher, Mirabue
Mine; John Morton and family. San
Mateo; H. C. Brown and family. Calls
toga; F. B. Klein, Germany; S. Cohen
stein, Isaac Lewis, Miss Blanche Wnde.
New York: N. F. Sachs and wife. Hono
lulu; W. L,. McCray, Miss Minnie Meni
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
han, Mrs. C. E. Humbert. Mrs. Hoadley,
Mrs. Plnschower, Cloverdale.
Bartlett Sprirvgs.
Among the recent arrivals at Bartlett
Springs are: Charles W. Miller, H. E.
Clausen, Mrs. S. L. Bee, S. 1... Toome,
KatherJne 1... Miller, Mrs. Lewis, Mr.
Lewis, M. Shannon, W. B. Scanlon,
Charles Berger. A. E. Bernard, H. Goetz,
D. P. Eustls, Mrs. Preston, Mr. Preston,
Leon de Koos, P. Scanlon.
_
Skaggs j-lot Springs.
The following guests are registered at
Skaggs Hot Springs, Sonoma County:
From San Francisco— G. R. E. Maxwell,
John S. Maxwell, Mrs. S. Booth, Miss
O'Dwyer, Miss A. O'Dwyer, John D. Feld
man, J. E. Byrne and wife. Miss D. B.
byrne, P. W. D. Wieboldt, 11. H. Elliott,
Dr. Walter H. Fearn, Miss Hinrichs,
Miss Josephine Mulgrew, W. Shone, H.
G. Edwards, Colonel J. G. Edwards, H.
D. Hadenfeldt, Captain P. M. Delaney,
W. G. Garrick, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Schroth, Mrs. 11. Leahv, Miss Annie
Leahy, James F. Leahy, Mrs. John But
ler, Miss Etta Butler, J. N. Colter and
family, E. J. Bowes, Mr. and Mrs. R. F.
Mogan, Frank H. Morton, Mrs. H. A-
Morton. Miss Belle Marks, Todd R. Scott
C. W. Wolf, Dr. T. A. Vogel, T. B. Mc-
Ginnis, Consul General and Mrs. Adolph
Rosenthal and son, W. L. Whelan. H. H.
Cosgriff, Mr. ana Mrs. Thomas Kervan,
John J. Wall, Captain Madison and fam
ily. Miss Pauline Foster, John Ritchie, L.
Devany, James J. Cherham. William I.
Massett, M. J. Sullivan, J. Foborne. Oak
land—Mr, and Mrs. McCleary, R. H. Da
vis. W. J. Tore, W. H. Irwin, S. H. Mc-
Intosh, Sheldon I. Kellogg Jr. and wife.
Woodland— Warren T. Morris. Plalnfield
—Herman A. Wilkenderf. Santa Rosa—
W. Skaggs, Ed Lafferty.
Belvedere.
The social event of the season at Bel
vedere was the bachelors' hop given at
the hotel last Saturday evening. Mrs.
Ebenezer Scott, Mrs. W. J. Dutton and
Mrs. H. L. Van Wyck were the patron
esses. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Kbenezer Scott, Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Dutton. Mr. and Mrs. H. L.
Van Wyck, Miss Edna Dickens. Miss
Oge, Miss Marie Oge, Miss Adelaine Dib
ble, Miss Gertrude Bates. Miss Gladys
Merrill, Miss Laura Meggs, Miss Pear
son, the Misses Walnwrlght, Miss McGlll.
the ilisses Sullvan. Miss McMurray, Miss'
Ethel Knapp. Miss Maud Stanford, Miss
Van Wyck. Miss Edna Van Wyck. Miss
Pope, Miss Buck, the Misses McDonald,
Miss Josef a Crosby, Miss Foster, Mies
Marie Wells. Miss Ada Young. Miss Caro
line Roper. Miss Mabel Hogg, Mlse Ham
mond. Henry Dibble, Stanley Ingalsbe,
Norman Pierce Jr., Charles Parcefis, Al
Parsons. Jack French. Harry Bates, De i
Witt McDonald, Harry Welhe, Palmer
Dunbar, Walter Rose, Charles Field,
George Lewis, Noble Eaton, Will Hamil
ton, Billle Smith, William Lawlor, Mr.
Pearson, Mr. O'Brien, Victor O'Brien,
Will Foster, Mr. Dutton. Mr. Fall, Mr.
Hammond and Will Hogg.
Sar\ Rafael.
A dramatic and dialect recital was
given by Miss Hattle Nathan at the Ho
tel Rafael on Wednesday evening, Av-
HERE IS SOMETHING NEW IN THE WAY OF MOVABLE BRIDGES
Thls new idea for movable bridges leaves the entire width of the channel available for navigation. When opened
for a ship's passage it closes and blocks the roadway by upending the two sections thus forming absolute guard
against such accidents as the Alameda mole disaster.
gust 24. The affair was under the pat
ronage of Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mrs. R. H.
Warneld, Mrs. J. R. Deane and Mrs. H.
Schledell. The programme was an un
usually interesting one, consisting of
comedy, tragedy, dialect, Shakespearean
and patriotic selections, by James \\ hit
comb Riley, Fred Emerson Brooks, H. C.
Bunner. Mary Wllkins, Eugene Field.
Marietta Hollery and Ella VVheeler Wll-
Personals.
Governor Hogg and daughter of Texas
are stopping at the Palace during their
sojourn In San Francisco.
Dr. Prank R. Dray of Sacramento la
registered at the California-
Lawrence Lawson, son of Colonel Law
son, TJ. S. A., of Pasadena, has returned
from his recent visit East and in visiting
San Francisco for a few days.
J. L. Gillis of Sacramento is stopping at
the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Leake of 3009 Clay
street have removed to the Palace for the
winter.
Miss Carmen Moore, daughter of A.
Moore of Oakland, is In Paris.
E. E. Walley has returned after a four
months' trip to Europe.
Miss Adele C. Greppln left on Monday
for Los Angeles, where she will spend her
vacation with Mr. and Mrs. Philip P.
Greppln.
Miss Florence Lussey, who has been
stopping at Mount View Hotel, Ross Val
ley, for the past four months, has return
ed to the city.
Miss Julia Hyman, who has been study-
Ing music in Berlin for the past three
years, is now in New York. She will re
turn to San Francisco In a few days.
Mrs. C. E. Grunsky and family have re
turned from their vacation at Pacific
Grove.
A. B. Spreckels spent the first of the
week attending a meeting of the State
Board of Agriculture In Sacramento.
J. D. Spreckels has returned from Coro
nado.
Miss Florence Dresbach has been visit
ing Mrs. W. S. Leake at the Palace, dur
ing Mr. Leake's absence In Sacramento.
Sir. and Mrs. Samuel Shortrldge will go
to housekeeping shortly.
Mrs. Obcd Harvey and daughter of Gait
will spend the winter In San Francisco.
Miss Rose Hooper, with her aunt, Mrs.
Tallant. is In Dresden.
Miss Maye Colburn will make Parts her
headquarters during the winter, but at
present Is traveling In Switzerland with
friends.
Miss T. L. Shine is visiting Mrs. J. Nich
olls of Somersville.
Mrs. Emily B. Finlpan is the guest of
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst at her summer
home. Hacienda del Pozn de Verona.
Mrs. Eva McFeely is in the city visit
ing her friends, the Misses Leah and
Helen Nichols of 1110% Sacramento street.
Mrs. Frank Gannhl of Spokane, Wash.,
Is in the city oh a short visit to her sis
ter, Mrs. A. F. Nichols of 1110% Sacra
mento street.
Dr. and Mrs. Clinton Cushlng will re
turn to San Franclfco the first week In
September.
F. W. Dohrmann arrived in New York
on the steamer Trave, and was met there
by Mrs. F. \V. Dohrmann, who left San
Francisco via the Canadian Pacific a
short time previously.
Dave Lowenstein of the firm of Lowen
steln Bros, has gone East on a business
and pleasure trip, and will be gone two
months.
Mrs. L. Scatena and daughter. Miss
Florence, left for a long trip to Europe
by Thursday evening's overland. Th*y will
Stop over at Chicago and New York.
Miss Millie Hogeboom of Sail Francisco
Is passing the summer months at the resi
dence of her sister, Mrs. Louisa Watson,
In the upper Napa Valley.
Mrs. H. Goldstein of 1919 Sutter street
has returned from an extended Eastern
tour, and will be pleased to see her friends
every second Thursday in the month.
Mrs. Morris Windt of 1424 San Bruno
avenue has returned from her summer
trip at Mark West Springs. Her intend
ed Eastern trip has been postponed until
next spring.
Mrs. Mose Kautmann will be pleased to
see her friends the first Saturday of each
month at 1123 a Sacramento street.
Mrs. A. P. Giannini and family and Mrs.
Joseph Cuneo and family, after spending
the summer months at a cottage in Palo
Alto, have returned to their homes in the
city.
Mrs. Max Cohn and children of Los An
geles are visiting Mrs. Conn's brother,
George Kellner, at 26 Birch avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. James Culllnan of 1345
Pierce street returned home Saturday,
August 20, after spending a week at Dun
cans Springs and a few days at Ukiah and
Vichy Springs.
Mrs. Wheat is spending a few days with
her friends. Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Berlin, at
their beautiful country home near Laun
dry Farm.
Mrs. A. Peyser, accompanied by her
daughter Hazel, has returned from her
visit north, where she has been visiting
her sisters In Juneau and Seattle. She
will receive her friends every third Fri
day at her home at 2606 Sacramento
street.
Mrs. Emil Rosendorn and Mrs. Maurice
Roeendorn have returned from Mark
West Springe.
Mr. and Mrs. Murray Meyer (nee Kahn)
will be pleased to see their friends this
Sunday, August 28, from 2 till 5, at 1521
Broad way.
Miss Eva Mclntyre Is spending the sum
mer with Mr. and Mrs. M. E. Page of
San Jose*
NEW FIELDS
OF TRADE
OPENED BY THE WAR.
Continued, from Page Twenty.
hard, either, to pick up a talking
knowledge of Spanish.
"Then there are the mineral deposits
of the eastern provinces, and the Im
mense tracts of timber land, which,
once they are cleared, become the most
fertile of farming properties. Havana,
too, will grow immensely under the
Increase of business; It will become a
great winter resort for America. There
will be chances there In real estate and
many positions for hustling young
Americans as clerks. To sum It all up,
there Is no more fertile spot on earth,
and It stands to reason that under an
enlightened and progressive govern
ment the large resources will lead to
vast finances. I shall be in Havana
after peace is declared. I shall be glad
to help any Americans with such ad
vice as I can give."
Antonio Colas, one of the largest
merchants in Santiago, Is now in New
York and has with him powers of at
torney from some fifty Cuban mer
chants to act In their Interests In
America. When asked to speak of
Santiago province and the business op
portunities there, he said:
"Santiago, In the first place, is the
largest province In Cuba, with a popu
lation relatively much smaller than any
other. For this reason it offers good
chances for Americans. It 1b divided by
the Sierra Maesta Mountains, which
form a watershed, fertilizing both the
northern and southern parts. It has
many rivers, among which is the Cauto.
the largest in Cuba. The mineral re
sources are abundant. The Iron mines
produce from 65 to 90 per cent of mag
netic Iron, and it Is from this material,
because of Its high gTade, that the ar
mor and armor-piercing projectiles of
the United States navy are made.
There are manganese mines producing
from 50 to 56 per cent of peroxide of
manganese, a grade superior to the
Russian because of the small amount
of phosphorus therein. There are most
valuable copper mines, which have
been carried on by English companies,
but work on which was discontinued
because of the fatal restrictions of the
Spanish Government. Add to these pe
troleum, coal, lead, tin, and deposits
of asphaltum and you can gain some
Idea of the resources there.
"The forests of the Santiago province
are the largest in Cuba. There are im
menee tracts of pine and the hard
woods are unequaled in the island for
quality and size. The cedar is the best
in the world and the mahogany is as
good as that of San Domingo. In all
there are sixty different kinds of wood
ther«. After cutting the forests, the
land can be cleared easily by burning,
leaving very fertile property. The cli
mate is beautiful If ordinary care Is
taken. In the interioT the much feared
yellow fever exists only in rare cases,
and then is due to the Spanish soldiers,
a source of danger which will soon be
remored. The soil is so moist that ma
laria sometimes appears, but a little
care will avert this trouble. In San
tiago, too, coffee is abundant and also
cocoa, equal to that of Maracaibo.
There are lots of pineapples. The to
bacco, however, has not the high qual
ity of the Pinar del Rio grade Jind is
sold mostly in Germany and Spain.
"Yes, I should advise a young man
to go there. If he 1b ambitious. Intelli
gent and economical, he can make
good progress. The fact that the people
there have been able to pay the high
rates of Interest, the excessive taxes
and still make money proves that great
success will be possible under Ameri
can rule."
Ulysses D. Eddy of the firm of Flint,
STOP
KISSING
IT has been a long time now since the
apostles of hygiene raised the alarm
cry "stop kissing" and more than twen
ty years since Princess Alice of Hesse
paid with her life the price of a kiss to her
dying child, but lately, as the germ
theory becomes more and more estab
lished", the cry gains force. When in 1895
Dr. Frank W. Reilly, In his report to the
Chicago Board of Health, gave the ad
vice to the public to avoid indiscriminate
kissing, and when osculation became nec
essary, to use carbolized rosewater as an
antidote, that advice provoked much
amusement. Certainly the idea of carry-
I ing always a pocket flask of carbolized
! rosewater for use before and after kies
; ing seems absurd, yet the advice was
eminently sensible. In no way are dis
ease germs so readily propagated an
I through the medium of a kiss, when the
! breath is inhaled from mouth to mouth.
Consumption and diphtheria, indeed all
kinds of lung and throat diseases, as well
as typhoid fever and cholera, are easily
I Inhaled. Dr. Reilly tells of a minister tn
I a country town who made a practice of
kissing his flock after church every Sun
day He- the preacher— had consumption,
I and the mortality in the village increased
125 per cent in one year,
i Indiscriminate kissing of children Is ac-
I tually criminal. It was a wise child-the
I three-year-old Boston boy who turned his
cheek to his Western cousin with you
mustn't kiss me on the mouth becautn
° The\farmists and decriers of the tender
custom are quite right. Kissing 18 a
practice to be suppressed, or at least re
stricted within narrow limits. If one
stops to consider the matter it is not a
pleasant thing to kiss promiscuously.
Aside from thl hygienic view of the cus
tom, the growing dislike of the public
demonstration of affection among high
bred people has had much to do wltn
its decadence.
Eddy & Co., the largest wholesale
house engaged in the West Indies
trade, declares emphatically that
American merchants should not invest
their money in Cuba nor in the Philip
pines. "Those countries," he says, "are
too highly organized commerciaJly for
any American of smaJl capital or large
either, for that matter, to think of
competing with the native talent. The
AmerlcaJi visiting the islands will find
them plotted out in a manner that
would entirely exclude foreign competi
tion. The Cubans themselves are a very
shrewd people. They know the lan
guage and the habits of the people
about them. They know their wants
and how best to cater to them. They
are therefore not handicapped as the
Americans would be by the absence of
the very requirements needed to secure
an entry. Again, no American would
be willing (even supposing he could in
the climate) to work as do the native
merchants, sixteen hours out of the
twenty-four each day.
•You see, too many people make the
mistake of regarding Cuba in the light
of an unexplored country like the Klon
dike. Now you or I could go to the
Klondike and enter into active compe
tition with the other fellow with some
chance of success, because the same
conditions would govern us all. The
conditions, in fact, would be bu% little
different from those surrounding us in
Seattle, and we would all speak the
same language.
"The condition in the Philippines Is
precisely the same as It is in Cuba.
There is one large city, Manila, only
one-quarter the inhabitants of which
are merchants. The Chinese control the
trade and they will go on controlling
it. They know the habits of the peo
ple and what they want. They make
big profits because they live in a penu
rious manner which no respectable
American would be able to abide for an
instant. No, I do not think much of
Cuba or the Philippines as new ave
nues for American capital."
THEODORE WATERS.
Copyright, 1838.
FRATERNAL.
Continued from Page Twenty-eight.
FORESTERS' RELIEF COMMITTEE.
The work of the relief committee of
the Foresters and Companions of the I
Forest of America is going on quietly
and unostentatiously. The tent main
tained at the Presidio camping grounds
is attended to daily by some of the Com
panions of the circles, and on Sunday
there Is on guard a number- o*. the mem
bers of the courts. These have rendered
considerable assistance to the Forester
soldiers, and a few days since, when the
California Seventh was ordered to move
from Camp Merritt to the Presidio, it waa
ascertained by the ladies at i.ie tent that
Captain Wankowski's company, in which
there are a number of Foresters, had
been for ten hours without food ana
they at once provided them with a lunch.
Their good offices were not limited to the
Foresters of the company, but to all the
members, who were accommodated in the
tent a few at a time.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
At the meeting of San Francisco Chap
ter of the American Guild held last Wed
nesday night, there was a large attend
ance and in the course of the evening three
candidates — Ed. H. Mutt. Charles Roth
weiler and Miss H. Harper— were initi
ated.
This chapter discussed the proposition
offered at a previous meeting to give an
entertainment and ball, as well as a high
Jinks, and after a number of those present
had expressed themselves, the matter was
left to the committee of arrangement*.
A report from the chapter at Tomales
shows that it Is doing; well and that the
membership is displaying considerable ac
tivity.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Past Protector J. C. Bernstein of Bay
City Lodge returned last week from an
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gbooooooooopoooooooooooooooooooobooo"
°o Marvelous Attractions i This Week, ]
2 — - — — — °
« For the final six days of our Liquidation and Clearing- Sale we have made o
O the most startling reductions ever beheld. ALL OF OUR STOCK MUST BE SOLD, O
O AND BEFORE THE END OF THE WEEK. x »
O LADIES' CAPES. O
0 LADIES* CAPES.
0 ' _/^t $8.50, - O
O t A DTP'S' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, yokes trimmed with Q
O LA ?a™fnelks finished with silk 'and lace, worth $5; will be placed on »
q sale at 12 50 each. - ' q
O At 95.50. . O
O j atmvß' PI TTSH CAPES handsomely braided, storm collars edged q
O Thibrt far, worth S6; will be placed on sale at $3 50 each. JJ
1 LADIES' JACKETS. °
O At 53.50. ft
O LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with silk "
q serge, worth $5; will be placed on sale at $3 50 each. O
O At.85.00. q
O LADIES' CHEVIOT JACKETS, in black, navy and brown, fly fronts, n
O faced with silk serge, worth $8 50; will be placed on sale at $5 each. "
O At «3. 7-5. o
® LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, handsomely braided and beaded, storm col- ©
O ' lars edged with Thibet fur, worth $6 50; will be placed on sale at o
O $3 75 each. ■ '. -' .■ "
% LADIES* WAISTS. 2
O -A.t 35 Cents. O
O LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy checks and stripes °
O former price 75c; will be offered at 35c. Q
O «A.t SO Cents. O
Z. LADIES* LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, In fancy plaids and figures, O
° former price $1; will be offered at 50c. A
2 At 75 Cents. °
o A.t 7-5 Cents. O
« LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT "WAISTS, made of percales and glng- ©
w hams, in bias plaids and checks, former price $1 50, will be offered O
O at Tsc. . . ■ O
® At 31. 00. , O
" LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy percales and or- °
° gandles, former price $1 75; will be offered at 51. O
o MEN'S FURNISHINGS. o
O A.t 4O Cents. O
O 60 Oozen MEN'S TENNIS FLANNEL NIGHT SHIRTS, made extra O
q large, with felled seams, deep yokes and of good heavy material, q
_ good value for 65c; will be on special sale at 40c each. X
O At 65 Cents. °
O The balance of our summer stock of . JAPANESE CREPE GOLF ®
O SHIRTS, with one pair of reversible link cuffs and club tie to each; O
o sizes 15, 15%. 16, 16%; regularly sold at 51 and $1 25; will be on special O
** sale at 65c each. q
» LADIES' KID GLOVES. 2
O A.t 900 a Pair. !:
O LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH LAMB GLOVES, colors brown, tan, ox- "
q blood, green, mode and navy, also black; will be on special sale at®
_ 90c a pair. O
0 NOTE— PAIR FITTED AND GUARANTEED. O
o — - — 5
© [fig Market, Jones and McAllister St&, / o
e\ \P \J Sari Francisco. /
gO O O O OO QOOOOOO OO O O OOOOOOOOOOOOQ OO O O
Eastern tour. While East he attended
the session of the Supreme Grove of
Druids at Minneapolis as supreme repre
sentative. While in Chicago he called
upon ex-Grand Secretary 9. B. Carleion.
There will be two assessments for bep
tember, Nos. 475-476.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Cosumnes Tribe has lost by death L.. C.
Chandler one of its oldest members.
Kaw Wa^-Nita Council of Stockton has
been^lng^! of late and increasing its
"SEES* Tribe expects to increase its
membership by thirty in a short time.
Modoc Tribe adopted fl- palefaces at
its last held tribal session and received a
like number of applications. The sessions
are always -attended by many visitors,
and the future of the tnoe looks very
bß^portsb R^ports from various tribes show that
therels much activity in the order at this
11 Great Chief of Records Burgman has
distributed the record of the Great Coun
cil which closed on the sth inst. It con
talnsthe proceedings of the Great Counc
of Red Men and that of the Great Counc
of the Degree of Pocahontas. It is a well
arranged book of 165 pages, and there
was but little delay in getting it out for
the use of the membership.
DAUGHTERS OF MONTEZUMA.
The entertainment and social that was
given last Monday in Red Men's building
was a very enjoyable affair and one of
the most entertaining ever given by this
popular council of the Degree of Poca
hontas. There was a good attendance, In
cluding a number of boys in blue and
many young ladies, who with the gentle
men present, enjoyed a carefully selected
programme of dances. The programme
included Instrumental selections by Mrs.
Demolla; vocal selections, Mrs. B. L. Tar
box Miss Carroll and F. W. Thompson;
specialties. Master Clifford Pinkham; an
instrumental trio, banjo, mandolin and
guitar, and then a farce. "No Cure, Iso
Pay," by seven young ladies.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Mizpah Lodge gave a Dewey party in
old Masonic Hall, Sixteenth and Valen
cia streets, on the 18th inst., which was
attended by a large number of members
and their friends. The hall was taste
fully decorated with the national colors,
and on the walls were portraits of Dewey
and all the heroes of the recent war.
During the early part of the evening
there was an interesting programme,
which included: Vocal solo, Miss Cora
Bebe; recitation, M. Homlln; instrumen
tal selections, Mr. Hess; patriotic fancy
dance, Mies Griffith; piano solo, Mtsa
Lena Clark, and mandolin bolo, M. Lach
man. Then followed dancing and the
serving of ice cream. The entertaining
affair was in charge of F. L. Griffith,
Mosdames Bert, Rooher, Wilson. Hess,
Murphy, Schmehl and Lnchman.
Last Monday night, after Lincoln Lodge
closed its work, there was a surprise col
lation served in the hall by members in
honor of the election of Mrs. Hale Mrs.
Blackall and Mrs. Renner of the lodge as
officers of the Supreme Lodge. A very
pleasant hour was spent, and pleasing ad
dresses were made.
B'NE B'RITH.
Last Wednesday night there was a large
meeting In B. B. Hall on the occasion
of the presentation of the new ritual to
the Daughters of Judah, and the installa
tion of the officers for the current term.
After the ceremony there were addresses
by David Lubin and M. H. Warcerwitz,
and a short programme. The hope was
expressed that a lodge of this order may
shortly be organized in every large city in
the State.
Last Thursday night the grand officers
paid an official visit to California Lodge.
They were warmly welcomed and well
entertained.
Grand Secretary Aschheim has tabulat
ed the semi-annual returns and they
show a membership of nearly 2400 and
that good progress has been made of late.
Some complaint has been made about
the B. B. library being kept open on
Saturday. Thi» will be remedied by the
committee on library.
THE DRUIDS.
The noble grand arch and grand secre
tary returned last week from an extend
ed trip north. They visited all the groves
In Humboldt County, found them flour
ishing and increasing In membership.
They also visited the groves in Olema,
Nicasio, Bolinas, Tomales. Occidental and
Guernevllle and found them in a pros
perous condition and all with bright
prospects.
Perseverance Grove initiated a candi
date last Tuesday.
Galileo Grove took in forty-three new
members last July.
J. C. Bernstein, H. J. Goller and G. H.
Bertram returned last Wednesday from
Minneapolis, where the Supreme Grove
session was held, and report that much
of importance to the order was trans
acted.
ORDER CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Crystal Council will give a musical and
literary entertainment in Alcazar Social
Hall on September 8.
M. Boehm. grand councilor, and S. C.
Wallls, grand recorder, visited Nevada
City on the loth inst. They visited Dow
nieville Council the following night, and
the following night they were in Sierra
City. In each of these places they were
well received, delivered addresses in each
and were guests at banquets.
On the 18th they visited Forest Council
and although this is in a small town the
membership is quite large. They then
visited the council at North San Juan
and the one in Grass Valley.
On the 22d the grand recorder paid a
visit to Marysville. where there was held
a joint meeting of Marysville and Rain
bow councils. There was a large attend
ance of members of each council the
lady members being in the majority.
On the 25th the grand officers visited
the council at Jackson, and on the fol
ldwing night the one at Sutter Creek.
Both councils expect good results to Tal
low these visits.
The executive council held its monthly
meeting in Sacramento yesterday and
passed on much business of importance to
the order.
COMPANIONS OF THE FORES i.
Loyal Circle gave a flag party in For
esters' building on Thursday night, and
there was a large attendance of members
of the circle and their friends. There
was a well arranged programme of
dances, and each person was presented a
neat little flag as a souvenir of the occa
sion.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
Eulelia Hive will give a Hawaiian tea
in Magnolia Hall, Oakland, to-morrow
night.
On Wednesday night there will be a
drill of the Oakland hives in Pythian Hall.
Oakland.
On the night of the 31st Inst. the mem
bers of San Francisco Tent and Golden
Gate Hive will give a drill and social la
the Alcazar.
HIS OWN BOSS.
Kind Old Gentleman— Why don't you
go to school, my little man?
Pete— l don't has ter; I got «r cinch.
I'm an orphan.NEWEST ODDITIES IN PRETTY HATS FOR AUTUMN.
NEW YORK, Aug. 26.— 1n the au
tumn the young woman's fancy
turns perslf ently toward au
tumn garments. However beau
tiful her summer clothes may
have seemed to her three
• months ago. they are now old and dowdy.
The stiffening has come out of the cblffon;
mull Is lifeless; feathers have grown
straight, and the blush is off the June
rose.
The first change which a woman makes
in her wardrobe in the fall is invariably
.in the line of hats. The white sailor is
taken off and put away, and the darker
.hat with. its heavier trimming is put on.
It Is claimed that the hats of the season
are made only to grace the windows of
the milliner shops; but this, my friend,
the milliner, tolls mo is untrue this sea-
Bon, for the early hats are to be put on
and worn.
The new fall hats, to be sure, are freak
ish. No one will deny this. It is really
astonishing to note the different ways in
which they are turned and bent. "Struck
by lightning." is the 'term by which Aunt
Samantha from the country might speak
of some of the shapes, so odd are they.
If 1 were asked to name the most popu
lar shape for an autumn hat, I should
say the cocked shape. Hats are cocked
over one eye; cocked over the nose;
knocked back over the crown of the
head; put on all a-tilt until you wonder
how the back is distinguished from the
front. To avoid error my friend, the
milliner, who sold a $40 Tarn hat. in ad
vance of the season, placed a great rhine
stone button high in the front.
"There, my dear," said she to the pur
chaser, "remember that the rhinestone
button must be directly over your left
eye. When you put on the hat set the
button over your left eye and the hat
will be on straight."
So the purchaser pinned the hat on
rakish, sideways, and a-tilt. The back
was so high that it was almost perpen
■ dicular. It was supported with many
: chrysanthemums in the rear, but the
• front was low over the forehead. Folds
■of velvet with queer, trailing plumes
;. trimmed the soft, Tarn-like crown. The
whole thing was a charming medley, but
to keep it on straight the rhinestone but
ton set proudly above the left eye.
: ■ Another style hat is what my friend, the
witty Miss Chic, called "an English walk
ing hat gone astray." The hat so de
scribed by her was of white straw with
curious dashes of black running through
. It. One side was quite on the regulation
■ order', but the other side was cocked and
caught with bird of Paradise plume^
• which waved over the top of the hat.
Vndor the brim there was a double bow
of velvet pinned with rhlnestones, and
there were velvet haws at the back. •
The English walking hat in some shape
or. other will always be worn. It is so
■becoming to pretty tf aces. Even to plain
.ones it lends a gracV which mal.es them
almost classic.
Dark brown straw English walking hats
. are very fashionable, trimmed with green
birds and bright purple violets. The back
of. the hat Is slightly raised to give it a
• -tilt over the nose. This hat can be worn
straight; and, Indeed, the English walk-
Ing hat is more becoming if worn conven
tionally. .''.:,;'
One of the most curious hats I have
seen was something on the style of an
English walking hat with a crown built
up very high. Crowns will be built Up
• this winter in a most surprising fashion.'
. This crown was originally no higher than
..$." sailor hat. but by means of embossed
' velvet, -which was carried, round and
• round the crown, .it was.- raised until •it
■ stood almost as tall as a man's hat. To
•make it. still higher a fan -feather was
■ geared at one Siue .to proudly wave over
'the head of the' wearer. <. ..These ' fan
feat hers are so eccentric that one can
: hardly recommend them to persons who
' ■ will have only one hat, but where novel
ty .'is desired, instead of wearing quills,
■ the. fan feather is most. decorative.
■ Ostrich plumes will also jbo a great
■ deal worn this season. Rut alas, for
•the 'pocket-book of the wearer they will
•be extremely expensive. Plumes as long
••as- vpur arm .are -exhibited in the shop
. window^, and piarked at startling -prices. -
- If^yoii • -are rxtrdTnely "clever you will
.-tuv^-two cheap- feathers and fasten them
together so .as to make one long sweep
'' Ing plume. This you can drape over
'.your ear in good century-ago fashion or
' you can stand it at one Bide of your
head.. . . . i. .-;>-■ ■•• ■
Ostrich feathers will be used In all
colors, although the preference Is for
: .black and white. The pale shades, such
\as lilac, gray, green, pink, gas light blue
• and the great array of pale yellows will
.•all be conspicuous In' the season's trim
. mines.
.-. They say that It Is not difficult to dye
feathers and that the old light plumes,
.feathers, tips, aigrettes and other bird
. decorations can be dipped in dye and
made a beautiful dark green, dark brown,
'. steel or black, as fancy may dictate. The
secret of dyeing, however, is such a com
plex, one that many fall to learn it. The
• dye. pot should be filled to the brim with
. the dye stuff. Then the feathers can be
. plunged in one after another. It Is ruin
• ous to add water 'to the dye after the
• goods are in the dye pot. This is what
gives, the streaks so often seen in home
" dyed goods. :
• • Just now, when the season's hats are so
• odd; It is not impossible to take the sum
■ rrier hat and make It a winter one by the
free, use of the ever available dye pot.
. *The straw should be thoroughly brushed
and. 'cleaned. If It is white, it should be
;.cleaed with lemon juice; if colored, with
■water. After every possible speck or stain
-has. been removed it can receive its coat
■'of "dye. Remember .that every blemish'
■ comes to the surface in dyeing, and that
-"it will be necessary, to dip often if the
"'•'goods are much stained.
-..• They say that winter hats are to be ex
■• pensive, on account of the great amount
■-' of trlmmlnfi^that will be used upon them.
•It will not be a winter of great simplicity.
:''. but one In which leathers and plumes and
• velvet and ribbon are used with lavish
hand. . ■
.-. For economy's sake it might he said
;• that where trimming is used In great pro
" fusion It need not be so fine. For exam
■ ple, the silk ruching which is so popular
•"upon the hat can be made- out of ■ a
breadth of old silk nicely washed and
■ ironed and cut in strips. Have the nich
ing- double and as full as {possible. This
: makes a very acceptable trimming for the
" front or the side of a hat. If the crown
be tall and straight It can be set entirely
' around the crown. • -
" The small turban of last winter with
Its low crown can be built up with
• NEW WAY OF TREATING THE ENGLISH WALKING HAT.
bands of velvet placed one over the other
so that a band made up of many folds
stands high around the crown. Such
trimming as this needs only a bunch
of feathers at the back, or if it be very
ful, the hat requires no other trimming
at; all. Merely a finish made of a hand
ful of autumn leaves with their trailing
stems wili be sufficient.
The velvet crown will be very much
soon this winter, and this. too. is a useful
thing, whether the woman makes her
hats or buys them of the milliner. A
width of velvet can be made into a very
acceptable crown, and as for the brim—
a straw brim can be worn until Christ
mas.
The impossible old flat felt hat of
many seasons ago can take a new lease
of life this winter if its brim is cut
dawn a little, and its crown is treated
to a big cover of velvet. Make a big
black velvet crown and trim the brim
with small tips sotting out from the
crown beyond the brim. This makes a
very nice finish, and the hat needs no
other trimming.
Imported hats are effective and varied
this year. 1. saw one which was such a
medley of bird of Paradise plumes and !
lace and ribbon and silk that I should |
hesitate about describing it. No straw
was visible, and the hat was covered
with brown autumn flowers, with their
green leaves running along the brim.
Lace is very much used upon the hats,
and very nice it looks as it falls over
the autumn flowers so as to veil them;
or as it forms a becoming background
for delicate foliage.
The x»rices run as high as $45 in the
milliners' windows, but the obliging milli
ner will suit her hat to the purse of her
customer. HELEN WARD.
COLLECTIONS
OF GARTERS
THE unseen, but useful, garter has
been seized upon as the pretext for
collection, says the Chicago Chroni
cle. Chicago girls are not now con
tent with two for week days and an
extra pair for Sunday, but gather garters
in place of souvenir spoons or pictures.
Garters all gemmed with precious stones
and quaint old-fashioned things that held
in place the silk hosiery of grandmamma
are laid side by side with the "patriotic
garter" made of red, white and blue rib
bon and held together by an army but
ton of brass.
A little South Side woman was one of
the first to turn to this fad and she has
one of the handsomest collections In the
city. Her treasures are not shown to
every comer, but her more intimate
friends have had glimpses of her souvenir
garters. One who had not yet learned
that spoon collecting was too old an
amusement to interest the end of the cen
tury young woman was talking to her
the other evening and asked if she had
made a collection of spoons.
"Of course, I made a souvenir spoon
collection," she said, "but that is old now,
and I have turned my attention to some
thing better. I have a very unique col
lection of garters."
"Garters! Do you mean to Bay that
you have a collection' of them?"
"Why, yes— you know it is the fad now
j in Chicago, and I think that I have the
| most complete collection of any woman.
jL.st wait a moment and I'll bring them
down."
When she returned she carried a large j
I box and several smaller ones.
"You know we all have to have some
fad." she said with a smile. "Some gather
cravats, but I like to gather carters
best."
The little woman unwrapped her
precious garters and explained their
1 beauties. She has thirty-four pairs and
[one odd one "for luck." She has .them
i made of every material from' cotton to
i silk, and the clasps are of brass, silver
j or gold, ajjd some "are studcted with p'rec-
I lous .stones. A moat lovely .pair otgar
icrs were made of pink silk ribbon, caught ■
; together with a silver clasp made In a true
j lover's knot, set with moonstones.
"This was sent to me from New York."
; she said, "and this sllvec fishhook clasp
lon these yellow garters Is a Boston
! variety."
The oldest pair in her collection were
; given to her by a Viennese lady of arls- ;
I tocratic birth, in whose family they had
1 been for more than 100 years. The band ;
j has, of course, been replaced many times,
: but the bronze clasps show ' the. wear i
they have had, brushing against silk and \
■ muslin until they have acquired a bright- ;
j ness almost like gold. The clasps are of ;
: a shield shape and bear the coat of arms
iof a noble Austrian family. A pair of !
■ garters made of trlcolored webbing and !
i clasped by an ingenious' device soldered '.
] to a United States army button is ono of j
the valued treasures. . .
CHIC CYCLING
COSTUMES
57v? WOMANLY yet fetching, toilet for
A WOMANLY yet blue cheviot, 'the
cycling is of blue cheviot, the
ll ~u skirt plain, cut in five close gores,
the front : gore - shaped ' to extend
i slightly broader at the, hips. It Is
invisibly closed at ' the left beneath the
triple stitched strapped seam. The jacket
extends only to the waist at the back,
but drops in ittle jacket points in front,
folding away In \ white-faced revers to
ward the shoulder. The vest is of white
crossed Swiss or silk and has a scarf cra
vat, of Swiss. A close straw hat with
brim slightly drooping in front has bright
Tartan plaid ribbon twisted around it and
brought up into a .smart bow at the back.
An imported- cycling costume is of
Scotch plaid wool, with very full bloom
ers falling just below.the knee. A full
basqued blouse . close single-breasted In
front, with a small open revers collar at
the neck, displaying just a glimpse of a
plain white front, close standing collar
and scarlet string tie. A stitched cloth
sailor of the sar-- material as the suit
accompanied it over the briny deep.
An English bicycling costume, is of
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
mode tweed suiting. The five-gored skirt
has the front panel outlined with large
shell buttons. The Norfolk jacket is
double-breasted, closely fitting and has
small sleeves. The collar is slVhily low.
showing the top of a buff pique Ascot
tie. The skirt is ankle depth and the hat
a rough straw brown sailor.
Quite a novel suit is of blue and
gray mixed smiting. The skirt is divided,
but hang»in such folds as to conceal this
fj'ct when the wearer stands. The cun
ning little bolero-Jacket displays a double
breasted vest of red and white dotted
pique and natty shirt front of immacu
late purity. A large ribbon knot almost
conceals the standing collar.
White iluck is much in favor out of
town. One with three-quarter length
skirt has a close fitting jacket; buttons at
the breast line, with four large pearl but
tons connected by cord loops. The collar
has plain broad revers. outlined by an
inch band of dark ribbon, and shows the
small chemisette of linen.
Poplin is used in making a very hand
some wheeling toilet. Tho skirt is ankle
length, made double and will answer for
drop or diamond frame. The jacket cuts
away in front over a vest of shirred
rnm;«seline de sole, reaching to the collar
to simulate a sweater. Large poplin
covered buttons trim both skirt and
Jacket.
Brown velours, made into a divided skirt,
silk-stitched at all edges. The blouse has
a square section cut out at the neck, and
TALL PLUMES WORN BY THE GIRL WHO RUSHES THE SEASON.
filled in with cream tucked batiste: a
saJlor knot of the batiste is run through
eyelets cut In the blouse, and tied at tho
left side. A Tarn O'Shanter of the cloth
has eagle quills for trimming.
In spite of all the handsome suits seen
BEST WAYS TO REMOVE
TAN AND FRECKLES.
This department \z for the benefit if all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you pleacc and sign any
name that you choose. Address all communications to Lme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francaico.
NOW Js the time when the sum
mer girl flutters back to town
from her outing at the seashore
or In the mountains and settles
herself down to doctor Ijer com
plexion and to coax back by fair
means or foul, the fair hues and tints
that bewilder and delight men's souls. I
wonder how many of these girls hav-e
brought back the beautiful coats of tan
and numerous freckles that I predicted
at the beginning of the summer. How
many have carried out their determina
tion to return to town as "brown as a
berry," and now wish they hadn't?
Tanned skins and sun-browned noses
may be treasurable possessions away
from the haunts of civilization, but back
among the hosts of the city, and pre
paratory to a winter's campaign of,
crushing hearts, they are a positive af
lliction.
Many a girl's complexion has been Irre
trievably ruined by just one summer's
endeavor to get nicely browned.
To remove tan and sunburn there is
nothing better than rich, sweet cream,
or half a cupful of sweet milk In which
a pinch of borax has been dissolved.
Tbe following lotion applied to the face
will prevent its tanning to any great ex
tent, that is if proper care is taken of
one's skin:
Distilled witchhazel, 3 ounces.
Prepared cucumber juice, 3 ounces.
Rosewater, 1% ounces.
Essence white rose, 1% ounces.
Simple tincture of benzoin, H ounce.
Rub this well into the skin with the
tips of the tlngers until it is absorbed
and then apply a. puro powder.
To annihilate freckles use this wash:
FRECKLE LOTION.
Three grains borax.
Five drams rosewater.
Five drama orange flower water.
With care and proper protection of the
face when going out, particularly from
the winds that are now rampant, the red
noses, flaky skins and sun-kissed cheeks
can gradually be coaxed back to their
normal tints.
I am going to give you this week a
recipe which you will find particularly
nice to use at this time of year, when
the winds seem to gather up whole buck
etfuls of dust to fling into one's face and
grind into one's skin. This cream has
splendid cleansing qualities and will re
move the soot and dust in a hurry. Here
are the proportions:
CREAM.
Spermaceti, V/* ounces.
Oil of swc-ct almonds, I*4 ounces.
Refined white wax, % ounce.
Rosewater, % ounce.
Lettuce, one cup.
Essence of violet, two teaspoon
fuls. •
Grate or shave the white wax and the
spermaceti into a clean, unblemished
granite diah; then add the almond oil and
set over a small, gentle flame. Just as it
begins to boll, put in the lettuce, which
must be oulv the tender inside leaves of
head lettuce and cut very fine. Let this
mixture simmer for ten minutes, when
the lettuce should be boiled down to soft
shreds.
Remove from the fire ana Btrain
here and there, fashion is forgotten on
very hot days, and the lawn, gingham or
pique shirt waist is most often met with
a duc:k, crash or wool skirt. Longer
skirts prevail, although there is no criti
cism for those which are quite short.
TO REDUCE
FLESH
MOW can one' naturally inclined to
grow stout reduce flesh?
Dr. John Beardsley, who has
been making some scientific exper
iments extending over his practice of
twenty-five years, says that exercise has
not so much to do with the matter as has
diet, and that both must betaken properly.
Exercise alone will increase the appe
tite and cause longer hours of sleeping
and so increase rather tha.n reduce flesh.
A diet of exclusively lean meat,
baked bread, tea, coffee and only vege
tables that are grown above the ground
will not increase the weight, but after a
month will diminish it.
Let the patient rise very early, take a
cold bath and a breakfast of hot coffee \
without cream or milk or sugar and toast
without butter. ■ f ;
For luncheon, lean beef or mutton, ;
crackers or dry toast with tea or coffee. !
Dinner he must choose from the same j
BY MME. HYGEIA.
through a fine sieve into a porcelain dish.
Put, this dish in a pan of boiling, water
and again set on the range. I When - very'
hot remove and add the rosewater and
essence of violets, drop by drop, but get
ting: all in before the hot oils cool. Stir
| with a' silver spoon. The moment the mix
ture fluffs up and looks fine of texture
and perfectly smooth, ;at that moment
put it into jars that have been previously
warmed. '
If by any chance the * rosewater sepa
rates from the oils, put It "on the range
again and heat It a second time. While
the lettuce Is cooking It must be stirred
constantly, and while heating the cream;
must not be taken into a cooler, atmos
phere. ■ •;.-.. ■ . • : :' ■ ' ;' : ;
And now, before taking up the corres
pondence for this • week, I want : to . say ,
that my correspondents must be I satisfied
with answers through the paper, and not
ask for personal" replies. They are accu-
I mulating so fast that It -is utterly Impos
sible to answer them by mail. It took one
whole day of constant letter-writing last j
week forme to make a dent In the mound
of letters. And this week promises a repe
tition of the same task.
I also wish to say , that I am very sorry
that some of you have had to wait so long
for answers to your letters, but ■ the corres
pondence has increased to such an extent i
that letters must necesarlly take their I
place in line and await publication. But i
if you will just be >, patient and look
through this .department each week you
will ; certainly ■ find " your questions an- !
swered in time, for I promise you that
not a single letter will be lost.
. — .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
BEATRICE B. B.— Loose clothing,
cxerclae with the arms, plenty of
tepid baths and a diet of good, fat
tening foods, such as rice, butter,
potatoes, eggs, cereals, milk and game are
necessary to acquire development of the
bust. First of all, then, discard all pads
and be sure that the undergarments do
not confine at all. Then massage gently
with cocoanut oil, rubbing around and '
around with the palm of the hand until
the oil Is absorbed. Do this every night.
It wijl be at least eight weeks before any
development will be noticeable, but^lt will
surely come if/persisted In. To reduce the
size of stomach, take these exercises
night and morning: Lie flat on
the back upon the floor and raise
one knee and then the other ten
times in succession; then fold the arms
and raise the body to a sitting posture
ten times. Massage Is also excellent for
tfflfl purpose.
MRS. L. A. T.— The condition of your
nose indicates a disordered condition of
your digestive organs. Go to your drug
gist and have this harmless and excel
lent prescription filled: Extract of dande
lion, one dram; powdered rhubarb, q. s.
Divide into three and one-half grain pills
and take one every night or night and
morning, if necessary. When the pim
ple comes to a white head, prick it with a
fine needle, press the contents gently out,
and Immediately afterward apply llsterlne
diluted in three times as much boiled
water. Mix a small piece of borax with
two tablespoonfuls of good cologne. Ap
ply the diluted listerine for several nights
and then the borax and cologne for sev
eral nights. Let me know if this does not
help you. For answer to your second
question read answer to Beatrice B. B.
BIRDIE Y. Z.— Pour the oil into the
palm of the hand and rub with the palm
around and around and up, never down.
Do not pinch and knead the flesh, as
there is great danger of bruising: one
self, which might result seriously. Let
the rubbing be gentle and continue it
menu, but may add one vegetable grown
above the ground. Let him exercise gent
ly but not too vigorously, and exercise
the mind as well as the body, for an
excess of fat Is a certain indication of
not over exercise of the brain.
Sleep Is a great fat producer and must
not be over-Indulged In, six to eight hours
being the maximum. Hot baths tend to
make the body flabby and do not per
manently reduce fat. Cold baths, on the
contrary, do reduce fat. The fat is car
bonaceous and a cold bath, by lowering
the temperature of the body, uses suffi
cient carbon from the fat to raise the
temperature of the body to normal.
Warm clothing has the same effect as
hot baths and should be avoided by one
reducing his fat, as well in the form of
bed covering as in daily wear. Linen
being the best conductor of heat Is cool
est and so best to be worn.
Of exercise horseback riding, rowing
and fencing are the best, as they call
into use every muscle of the body.
Swimming in cold water Is doubly ef
fective, as It uses the carbon both In
exercise and to keep up the temperature
of the body.
This Is how the Delta Lighthouse of
Greenville, Miss., reported a local school
commencement:
"Public School No. 28, exercises passed
off quietly, though brilliant. Words are
Inadequate to express the Intrinsic value
of the exercise; but to the ladles con-
cerned, let the citizens congratulate you
upon your success. We witnessed the
turn-out of three graduates from your
school, all of which is something phenom
enal In the annals of the records of the
Greenville public schools.
I until the oil Is absorbed. In other re
| spects you are carrying out directions
correctly. Rubbing the hollow places
! with the oil is all that is necessary, you
< need not pull the fle9h away from the
I body as you have been doing. Massag
; ing any part of the fleshy part of the
body with the oil should develop it, in
time. The rum and bitter apple is an
old-fashioned remedy, and may be effi
cacious. The rum is invigorating and the
bitter apple probably acts as a tonic. I
do not happen to know of any one who
has tried it. Now, for the fifth and sixth
questions. Once a day is quite often
1 enough to use soap on the face, and just
! before retiring is the better time. As
you are afflicted with blackheads, I would
advise a camelshair face scrubbing brush
in place of the coarse wash rag. You
! should also use a good pure cold cream
; upon your face each right rubbing it well
into the skin. As for your sixth ques
tion, after one has attained the desired
development, if the general health is good
and one does not lose flesh, there will be
no necessity to continue the treatment. If
i there are any more question you desire
i to ask. do so and I will cheerfully an
, swer them.
E. J.— Blushing, or flushing of the face,
; usually indicates a general perturbation
| of the health. It may arise from indlges-
I tion, poor circulation and very often from
, tight lacing. It Is also caused by nervous
ness and hysteria, because the small
vasomotor nerves which control and regu
i late the cutaneous blood vessels are dis
orderly In their action and relax and con
tract spasmodically. Take lots of walks;
take a good blood tonic; wear no tight
bodices or bandages; cat lots of fruit
such as pears, oranges and figs. Avoid
hot drinks; eat slowly and put the feet in
hot water every night. See to It that your
sleeping-room Is well ventilated. I know
no way of testing tooth powder except to
prepare It yourself.
MENA L.— l have never known of the
remedy you mention having the effect
that you describe. I should be so glad
to be rid of the trouble, for any length of
time that I should not worry about its
going any place else, at least not until
it got there. Don't believe everything the
croakers tell you.
MILLY G. M. — You can do your own
housework and still have presentable
hands, if you will take care of them.
Keep a lemon or tomato conveniently near
with wljieh to remove vegetable stains,
and If you can afford it, use castile soap
for dishwashing. Do not change the hands
suddenly, from hot to colfl water or from
cold to hot, and be careful always to dry
them thoroughly after taking them out
of water. Keep a pair of old gloves with
the t'ps of the fingers cut off to draw on
when handling coal or ashes or doing
rough work of any kind. Each night upon
retiring rub this cream well into the
hands: Cocoa butter, oil of sweet al
monds and refined white wax, equal parts.
The electric needle is the only permanent
cure for superfluous hair.
KATHIE— To strengthen and make the
eyelashes grow use a tonic made of equal
parts of cocoanut oil and white vaseline.
ALICE SH.— Cleaning velvet is entirely
out of my line. If it were mine, I should
send it to a reliable cleaner.
EMMA D. — Follow treatment suggested
to Mrs. L. A. T.. only there need be no
pricking in your case. I do not qufto un
derstand whether it is blackheads or
whiteheads that you are troubled with.
Whichever they are do not squeeze them,
iis this irritates and inflames them, but
presi them gently out, when they are
ready to come. If they do not improve
under this treatment, write to me again.
T.oi'lSE— l can suggest no way by
which the eyelids can be made thicker
and fuller. Nor do I know of any ap
plication that can be made to the throat
to soften the voice. There are, of course
certain breathing exercises that teach
one how to better use and control tb.e
NEW TOQUE ALL OF VELVET.
rolce. My only suggestion to you In this
connection Is to modulate the voice when
speaking and, if you have any throat
trouble, to consult a specialist.
PATRICIA KIRKLAND— If the spots
on the hands are freckles, use lemon juice
on them. If, however, they are in the
nature of moles, which I strongly suspect,
the coloring matter is deposited in the
deeper portion of the subcuticle, and
there is no remedy for them as they are
Impossible to reach.
MRS. C. T. WILLES— If you will watch
these beauty talks you will very soon find
one upon the subject of massage in which
I will answer minutely the question that
you ask. I cannot very well give the
space to it to-day. There la positively
nothing better in the way of a skin food
than the orange flower skin food, formula
for which has been given several times
in these columns. Have you not seen it?
If not write to me again. I know of no
better way of restoring bleached hair to
Its natural color than just to let it grow
out. There are dyes that seem to do the
work without any harmful results, but I
cannot recommend them. The result
might be perfectly satisfactory in nine
cases and in the tenth case the hair be
utterly ruined.
GUSSIE— Yes, the formula for skin food
given to "Belle" is the one that you wish.
I am quite certain that If you persist In
TWO HATS FOR AUTUMN AFTERNOONS
using It the "crow's feet" which are Just
beginning to come will pick up their dud 3
and depart. Merely applying the food,
however, will not bring about the desired
result. It must be thoroughly rubbed into
the -skin and be sure and rub across the
wrinkles, that is, in the opposite direc
tion to that which the wrinkles take.
GLADYS WADE— Try the freckle lo
tion given In the beauty talk to-day. To
make the eyebrows thick, get an ounce of
alcohol and in it dissolve five grains of
quinine. Apply this every other night and
on the nights in between times massage
very gently with the fingers which have
been dipped In olive oil slightly warmed;
PEACHES— I have heard that constant
applications of castor oil will remove
warts, but I do not postlvely know that
this is so. A lunar caustic pencil will re
move them. Touch the center of the wart
lightly with the pencil once a day. It will
turn black and gradually disappear. Great
care must be taken not to touch with the
caustic pencil the surrounding skin, else
a stain and Bear may result.
MME. HYGEIA.
Ceylon la alarmed at the news that the
world will end next year, and that the
beginning will be the submergence of
Ceylon. The villagers on the Island ore
trying to atone for their sins by acts of
charlty and by flocking to the temples.
27PLOWING IN THE RICE FIELDS' WITH THE CARABAO.
: A copy of which was sent to an American concern, who thought there was
business for steam plows in the Philippines. They don't think so now.
From "Yesterday In the Philippines," published by Scribner's.
WHILE much fault from a lite
rary point of view can be found
wi^h "Yesterdays in the Philip
pines," by Joseph Earle Ste
vens, there is no doubt that
the book is entertaining and bound to be
of a great deal of use in imparting a
knowledge cf the true state of things In
the domain that has Just come under our
Jurisdiction and to which so many Amer
icans will soon be hurrying.
Mr. Stevens was for two years a clerk
.'in the last American mercantile house in
Manila, that of Henry W. Peabody & Co.
' of Boston. He was compelled to live the
life of the people and also came into con
tact with all classes. His business and
pleasure took him into the rural districts,
where he had full opportunity of judging
of actual conditions. He certainly knows
the facts as they would appeal to an
American, and it is to be taken for grant
ed that he has set them before the reader.
: Jn opening his book Mr. Stevens gives
.his opinion as to the advisability of Amer
ica holding the Philippine Islands; but
the reader had better. Judge of that after
he has finished the last chapter.
As far as style goes Mr. Stevens' writ-
Ing is not what would be called "good."
It is careless and even flippant In certain
' paragraphs. Nevertheless, there is a
pithiness and directness about It that
holds the reader's attention from begin
ning to end. The language is simple, and
the scenes portrayed are all Interesting.
In short, the book is readable. And afrer
• finishing it few, indeed, will be they who
Jind fault with the style. Indeed, most
readers will be likely to declare it tM
most interesting and instructive book of
travel that has_appeared in many a dry.
Mr. Stevens begins his account from
• the time the steamer leaves San Fran
icieco, and describes all of interest on the
way across the Pacific. The big Pacific
Mai! steamer took him to Hongkong, from
where he took a small craft to his desti
• nation.
The voyage from Hongkong to Manila,
700 miles to the southeast, he calls "one
of the very worst short ocean crossings
In existence." The boat has a "corft
screw motion" until It gets fairly under
the lee of Luzon. The h'rst view of Ma
nila and the shore from the bay is in
spiring, but once ashore the unaccllma
■ tized traveler encounters much discom
. fort:
It was piping hot at the low Custom-house
. on the quay. ranting carabao — the oxen of the
East— tried to llnd shade under a parcel of
bambocs. shaggy goats nosed about for stray
1 bita -of crude sugar dropped from bags being
. discharged by coolies, plies of machinery were
.• lying around promiscuously dumped into the
deep mud of the outyards. natives with bared
. .backs gleaming in the sun were lugging hemp
or prying open boxes, and under officials with
. eharp rods were probing flour sacks in the
• -learch for contraband. Spanish officials in full
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
■• Next Tuesday and Wednesday Mission |
. ' t Chapter will repeat the farce. "The Old
Maids' Convention," which proved such a
■great success last season. It has been re-)
' . written, new songs have been introduced,
Borne patriotic and some otherwise, and j
dew jokes will be offered. It will be an
.Bid friend in a new dress, and will, no
. soubt, be welcomed by all who had the |
• • pleasure of witnessing it. before. " It is to I
• be given in Mission Music-hall, and each |
evening after the farce there will be a
iance. . -
Mission Chapter is doing well, is receiv
ing applications at; every, meeting, and
: »as now several candidates* for initiation.
. . • Golden Gate chapter o4 the evening of
. the ISth had a very pleeJlnVTiheeting, it
1 Deing a reception to soldi There were
present about seventy^' "otjthe boys in
••.o4ue, who, after the/Jbjf meeting.
' joined the members and f- no* in the en
joyment provided by/th«l^anmiUee under
- the direction of Mrs. ;'j€or*e L. Darling.
There were songs, a.--whis|ilng aolo and
lames, one beingsthe '/distribution of
sealed envelopes toTten;p*rßons^in the
audience. The recipient foiyhd in the en
• velope the name;of<aii.anlnSa.l,Nwith a re
'auest to draw a picture pf-f\e 'Same on a
" Blackboard. Some of tt^ 'effort^ were
•unique, to say the. lea. There were
: prizes for the best and f worst pic
tures. After that thei\ as a ; collation
irid dancing. & f>VIL «'' S, *. : '-K^'
On Friday evening, ttie^rath idst., there
R-as a grand time in the hilj of -Harmony
Chapter, in Shlels building. It 1 was •: the
farewell meeting 'of j Mrs. C. Wetjen, the
Worthy matron, who will shortly leave for
the East for the purpose of attending the
rolden wedding of her parents. > She will
»c . acompanled by -. her eldest; daughter.
After the close of the business and the
wishing of godspeed and a safe return to
the worthy matron and • her charming
laughter, who is also a member of the
thapter. there was an adjournment to the
banquet-hall, where an excellent collation
fcras served. After the banquet there was
lancing until midnight. Among the many
who were present ,to say adieu were a
number of the prominent members of the
>rder and the following named who: wear
;he blue: Captain A. F. Burton, Company
B Fifty-first Iowa; Miss Delia Weeks,
regular nurse for the Fifty-first Iowa;
• Quartermaster Sergeant Frank Coop,
First Sergeant George E. Cryer. Cornorals
E. S. Logic and C. F. Ford and Privates
Rr. D Simmons. Archie Sheppard, Oscar
Williams, Waine M. Cook and Wai* H.
Petitt. all of Company G; Corporal H. B.
McCreddick. Corporal J. W. Dorn Pri
vates Charles W. Brown, J.E.Kelley,
Boy Brown. George A. Kelly and F. P.
Woodruff of the Fifty-first lowa; First
BergeantWishner, Corporal B. E. Nortn
' rup and Private B. H. Kerfoot of the
Twentieth Kansas and Privates Charles
Elliott and F. B. McGee of the Third Ar
yilerj* * %t§kP^i&s&^B**&£®£- i '-
The worthy grand matron * recently vis
ited the chapters In Sebastopol, Santa
Rosa, Healdsburg and Lakeport
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
Last Thursday night Western Addition
Lodge celebrated its nineteenth annlver
lary in its lodge room. Past Grand Mas
ter Barnes gave a brief historical re-
I'iew of the lodge and told many interest-
Ing things about its early membership.
W. H. Barnes, P. G. M.. will deliver an
address before Pacific Lodge on the even
bg of the Ist of September.
On Tuesday, the Cth of September, Bay
City Lodge will celebrate its forty-first
anniversary, and on the 28th Farnsworth
Lodge will observe its third anniversary.
On the 22d of September William Henry
Barnes will appear before Unity Lodge
and tell the members how it feels to be
H years of age and to have been an Odd
Fellow forty-three years.
Templar Lodge initiated Newton Em
rnett May last Wednesday. Just prior to
nis departure for Honolulu.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. 90 had an
fnitiation last Wednesday night in the
bresence of visitors from across the bay.
A.fter the meeting there was a collation
md music and song.
THE NATIVE SONS.
The five parlors located in Humboldt
County will hold Admission day celebra
lion at Blue Lake, the home of Commo
lore Bloat Parlor, the youngest parlor
n that county. An excellent programme
uniform, smoking cigarettes, playing chess and
fanning themselves In their comfortable seats
In bentwood rocking chairs were interrupted by
our arrival, and made one boll within as they
upset the baggage and searched for smuggled
dollars.
The huge "punka," to make a breeze,
■which 1b a most Important article of fur
niture in every tropical establishment";
the precautions against damage from
earthquakes and typhoons — cloth Instead
of plaster walls and ceilings; no tiles on
the roofs — impressed him early. Down in
the "town." outside the city walls, the
buildings "all have an appearance of
feebleness and senility, and look as if a/
good blow or a heavy shake would lay
them fint." but in the old city, behind the
fortificationß, "are heavy buttressed build
ings of bygone days, built when it was
thought that earthquakes respected thick
■vvulls rather than thin, and the sturdy
buttresses so occupy the narrow sidewalks
that pedestrians must travel single file."
We already know much, however, of
Manila architecture, from recent news
paper pictures; of the situation of the
city, on the bay and Paslg: River, of old
Manila and the new town, and the cathe
dral.
Here is a statement of the population In
18P4:
As to the population, Manila, in the larger
sense, may hold 350,000 souls, beside* a few dogs.
Of the lot call 50.000 Chinese. 5000 Spaniards,
150 Germans, M) English and 4 Americans. The
rest are natives or half-castes of the Malay
type, whose blood runs in all mixtures of
Chinese. Spanish and what-not proportions,
and whose Chinese eyes, flat noses and high
cheekbones are queer accompaniments to their
Spanish accents. Thus the majority of the
bouls in Manila — like the dogs — are mongrels,
or mestizos, as the wurd Is, and the saying
goes that happy is the man who knows his own
father.
The traveler's first night In Manila was
not reassuring. In the Spanish hotel El
Oriente, Mr. Stevens made acquaintance
with the Philippine bed:
It Is a four-poster, with the posts extending
high enough to support a light roof, from
whose eaves hang copious folds of deep lace.
The bed frame Is strung tlrhtly across with
regular chair-bottom cane, and th« only other
fittings are a piece of straw matting spread
over the cane, a pillow and a surrounding wall
of mosquito netting that drops down from th*»
roof and is tucked under the matting. How to
get into one of these cages was the first ques
tion that presented itself, and what to do with
myself after I got In was the second.
Breakfast consisted of a cup of thick
chocolate and a seedcake to sop it out
of the cup, blotting-paper fashion. He
began the first morning by ordering a
dozen suits of white sheeting from a na
tive tailor— price. $2 50 each. Then he was
introduced at the English Club and began
to feel more comfortable:
The club affords shelter and refreshment to
Its fourscore members at two widely separated
points of the compass, one Just on the banks
of the Paslg River, where its waters, slouch
ing down from the big lake at the foot of the
mountains, are first Introduced to the outlying
suburbs of the city, and the other In the heart
of the business section. The Fame set of na
has been arranged and the guests will be
well taken care of.
Sea Point Parlor of Saußallto has de
cided to hold a celebration in Sausalito,
and has invited the members of the local
parlors who are unable to go to the gen
eral celebration to participate with them.
The morning will be devoted to a parade,
to be followed by a clam bake; in the
afternoon literary exercises will be held,
and a dance In the evening will close the
day. A. H. Kilborn is chairman and Wil
liam R. Milton secretary.
G. Munoz has been elected secretary of
Nipoma Parlor of San Luis Obispo
County, vice F. W. Dana; Roy L. Cooper
of Yontocket No. 156 of Crescent City.
STANFORD PARLOR'S ENTERTAIN-
MENT.
Last Wednesday night Stanford Parlor
of the Native Sons had a ladies' night
In Shasta Hall, Native Sons' building, and
as Shasta never does anything by halves
there is always a large attendance. Such
was the case on the night mentioned. The
hall was crowded and those who were
there included a number of army officers,
who had a rare treat. The chief feature
of the evening was a cake walk by five
couples, all attired In the richest of gaudy
silks and satins, and all the participants
concealed their identity with a mask of
burnt cork. ,
John J. McCarthy, president of the par
lor. Introduced as master of ceremonies
Frank H. Kerrigan, who explained his
position in one of the wittiest speeches
ever delivered before a fraternal organi
zation and he added much to the merri
ment of the evening by the manner in
which he introduced the candidates for
cake walk honors. These were Mrs. Par
ent and Phil Huer, who were to sing
"Ambolina Snow" and walk to the music
of that song; Mr. and Mrs. Seiberst,"Ma
Onliest One"; Mrs. Fred Lees and E. C.
Head as "The Wedding of the Chinee and
the Coon"; Mrs. Head and F.
Eckenroth, "All Coons Look Alike
to Me," and Mrs. Alvina Huer
and A. F. Schleichert as "My Lady
Jane." The singing and the dancing were
excellent, and each couple won much ap
plause and it was a difficult matter for
the judges to determine who were entitled
to first honors. They, after having "My
Lady Love" and "Ali Coons Look Alike
to Me" repeated, made the following
awards: The cake to "My Lady Love,"
the best costume "The Chinee and the
Coon " the best sustained character "My
Onliest One," best costume "My Lady
Love," best dancing "Ambolina Snow.
The prizes consisted of a live chicken,
sack of beans, side of bacon, cut glass
decanter, pair of shoes, dumbbells and
other useful articles.
The Judges announced that there was a
special prize of a dozen eggs for the mas
ter of ceremonies, to be delivered one at
a time by one of the best ball tossers at
some future time.
After that there was dancing and re
freshments including a watermelon feast.
The committee that had charge of the de
lightful affair was A. F. Schleichert, C.
H. Stanyan and J. W. Lewis.
- NATIVE . DAUGHTERS.
There was a large attendance In Mission
Parlor Hall on the evening of the 19th
inst., at the cascarone party given by
Las Lomas parlor, and it proved to be a
very enjoyable affair. Cascarones were
distributed during the grand march, and
after the battle of the eggs was closed
the egg throwers and the floor were cov
ered with bits of vari-colored paper. The
committee was composed of: Mrs. S. P.
Daggett, Mrs. J. H. Burrington, Mrs. de
Haven, Mrs. Schofleld, M. Lay ton, E.
Breiling, Mrs. Grady, Mrs, Edwards, A.
Lacy and M. Lynch. The management
of the floor was under the direction of B.
Conlin, assisted by E. McAllister.
Grand Secretary Mrs. Georgie C. Ryan
has secured new and more commodious
quarters in the same building in which
Bhe has had her office for years.
The Fortuna Red Cross Society, Insti
tuted by the Native Daughters of For
tuna, Humboldt County, has sent to head
quarters $308 85, realized from an enter
tainment given there, and which was at
tended by the residents of Rohnerville,
Hydesville, Alton, Ferndale and Laleta.
Every citizen of Fortuna aided the ladles
in their good work.
ORINDA'S ANNIVERSARY. -
The eighth, anniversary ball given by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
AMONG THE LATEST BOOKS "®-
YESTERDAYS IN THE PHILIPPINES.
tlve servant* do for both departments, since
no one stays up town during the middle of the
day and no one down town after business
hours. Ab a result on week days after tha
light breakfast of the early morning Is over
at the up-town building the staff of waiters
and assistants hurry down town in the tram
cars and maKe ready for the noon meal at the
other structure, returning home to the sub
urbs In time for dinner.
The rooster Is the "native dog" of the
Philippines, and cockflghtlng one of the
?rlncipal sports. Th# people are Inclined
o like music, and, while Italian opera
sometimes thrives in Manila, few houses
are too frail or poor to Include in their
furniture some kind of musical lnstru-
ment:
It is extremely curious that out of all the
peoples of the Far East the Filipinos are the
only ones possessing a natural talent for mu
sic, and that the Islands to-da*- stand out
unique from among all the surrounding terri
tory aa being the home of a musical race who
do not make the night as hideous with weird
beatings of tom-toms as they do poetic with
■oft waltzes coaxed from gruff trombones.
Early In his sojourn In Manila, Mr.
Stevehß, for $4 50 per month, hired a man
to serve as valet. He was useful and
supported a small family and a fighting
cock on his wages. Laundry work is
cheap, and for two gold dollars a month
he could turn over to his laundryman as
much as he pleased:
Two full BUlts of whit* sheeting clothes
a day for thirty days ruade one Item of no
mean dimensions, and yet the lavandero turn*
up each waek with his basketful, perfectly *at
lsfled with his remuneration. Then, too, h«
washes well, and although when I *cc him
standing knee-deep in the rtvar whanging my
trousers from over his head down onto a flat
stone, I fear for seams and button*, noth
ing appears to suffer. And, although he builds
a small bonfire in a brass flatlron that looks
like a warming pan and runs it over my white
coats all blazing a» it Is, the result Is excel
lent and one's linen seems better laundered
than In the mills that grind away at home.
Tobacco is very cheap, too, and Mr.
Stevens thinks well of it:
Manila's best cigar, made of a special, se
lected tobacco, wrapped in the neateet silver
foil and packed in rosewood boxes, tied with
Spanish ribbon, costs about 6 cents, and Is
considered a rare delicacy. One scarcely ever
sees these cigars, the "Incomparables," outside
of the city itself, and the brand is so choice
that but few smokers are acquainted with it.
The foreigner In Manila thinks he Is paying
dear for his weed at $20 per thousand, and
some of our professional smokers limit them
selves to those favorite ••Bouquets," which
correspond to our "two-for-a-quarter" vari
ety, but sell here for $1 80 a hundred. Below
these upper grades come a various assort
ment of cheaper varieties. Including the cher
oots, big at one end and small at the other,
and the three-dollar-a-thousand cigars, which
are made of the first thing that comes handy,
to be sold to the crews of deep water mer
chantmen. A native of the Philippines wants
his cigarette, and gets tt. Packages of thirty
are sold on almost every corner for a couple
of coppers, and to my mind the Manila ci
garette Is far superior to the variety found in
Cuba. Smoking is, of course, encouraged by
prices such as these and one finds it perfectly
good form to borrow a cigarette, as well as a
light, from his neighbor In the tram car or
on the plaza. Even on the toll bridge which
spans the Paslg you pay your copper for cross
ing, and get In change a box of matches, and
If you are queer enough not to want the
matches the man will give you Instead a ticket
that avails for the return trip.
Ants and cockroaches abound, and so
do rats. The Philippine cats are feeble
creatures. Their place as rat catchers is
cheerfully filled by snakes:
Nearly all of the older bungalows In Ma
nila possess what are called house snakes:
huge reptiles generally about 12 or 14 feet long
and as thick as a fire engine hose, that per
manently reside up In the roof and live otr the
rats. These big creatures are harmless, and
rarely, if ever, leave their abodes. Judging
from the noise over my cloth celling, a pair
of these pets find pasturage above, and I can
hear them whacking around about once a
week In their chase after rats. They are good
though noisy rat catchers, their efficiency ap
pears to be limited to their length of stomach.
• • • The only way to get rid of the rats
seems to be to buy more snakes, and this is
simple enough, for you often see the natives
hawking them around In town, the boas curled
up around bamboo poles, to which their beads
are tied.
Here is a bit about native women:
Orinda Parlor of the Native Daughters
on the night of last Wednesday in Na
tive Sons' Hall was one of the pro
nounced successes of the season in frater
nal circles. The hall was decorated
with rare good taste in delicate colors.
There were many couples In the grand
march, and they presented a pretty ap
pearance as they moved to the strains
of the soul stirring music. The greater
number of the ladies were in elegant
costumes, and the most admired were
those of Miss Birdie Mayer, president of
the parlor, and of Mrs. Lena B. Mills,
the grand marshal of the order. The
grand march was led by Miss Mayer and
L. B. Mayer, past president of El Do
rado Parlor. The following were the com
mittees: Arrangements — Lena B. Mills
(chairman), Laura Utschig, Mac Hayes,
Harvle Babcock, Aggie Boyd, Annette
Harty, Marguerite Lyons, Louise Kompf
and Alma Relmers; reception commit
tee — Emma Gruber Foley, Nellie Evers,
Martha Regner, Dot Harboe, Elsie Boyd,
Sadie Burke and Eda Conradt; floor
managre, Birdie Mayer; assistant floor
manager, Lena B. Mills.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
On Admission day the lodge at Hills
Ferry will give an entertainment and ball.
William Vinter, P. G. M. W., and Grand
Receiver Booth will deliver addresses.
The Past Masters' Association will have
a four nights' benefit at the Alcazar this
week.
On September 15 there 1b to be a grrand
reunion under the auspices of the local
lodges in Odd Fellows' Hall, when a fine
programme will be presented.
A new lodge is being organized at Co
vello.
A public meeting and entertainment
given under the direction of Special Dep
uty Maplesden in Sierra City last week
was a great success.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
Under the good and welfare rule Court
Lincoln at its last held meeting gave a
bachelor's at home. There were present
a number of members from Court Excel
sior. There was whist, story telling and
Court Bohemian awarded a ten dollar
medal last week to one of its members for
having, during the preceding quarter,
brought in the greatest number of mem
bers.
BY JOSEPH EARLE STEVENS.
A HALF-CASTE FLOWER GIRL AT THE
OPERA.
From "Yesterday In the Philippines,"
published by Scrlbner's.
The costumes worn by the women are far
from simple, and are made up of that bril
liant skirt with long train that Is swished
around and tucked into the belt In front, the
short white waist that, at times divorced from
the skirt below, has huge flaring sleeves of plna
fiber, which shows the arms, and the costly
plna handkerchief, which, folded on the diag
onal, encircles the neck. They wear no hats,
often go without stockings, and Invariably
walk as If they were carrying a pall of water
on their heads. They generally chew betel
nuts, which color the mouth an ugly red;
smoke cigars and put so much cocoanut oil on
their straight, black hair that it Is not pleas
ant to get to leeward of them In an open tram
ear. Otherwise they are generally the mothers
of maziy children and often play well on the
harp.
Manila 1* the new Mecca, and for some time
to come she is going to be looked at on the
map, talked about at the dinner table and by
the fireside, and written up from all quarters.
At present this pearl of the Orient Is but a
Jewel In the rough, but with good men to make
her laws, and her gates wide open 'to the pil
grims of the world, she soon should shine as
brilliantly as any city in the far East.
"TESTERDAY IN THE PHILIPPINES."
By Joseph Earle Stevens, an ex-realdent of
Manila. Illustrated. 12mo. Pp. xx, 232. New
Tork: Charles Scrtbner's Sons. For sale by
Elder & Shepard. Price »1 60.
BOOKS
RECEIVED
IN THE SWIM.
By R ichard Henry Savage
This "story of currents and undercur
rents In sayest New York" fails to carry
DEWEY'S VICTORY TOLD IN DIAGRAM.
GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION
OF THE BATTLE.
~|— \IRST ENGAGEMENT— After
li flagship had made signal at
■""I 5:05 a. m. to "prepare for gcn
l eral action" the American
-^- fleet steamed in column
back and forth before Cavite
five times at a distance of c.
a. 5000 yards in the following: order:
Olympia. Baltimore, Raleigh, Pe
trel. Concord and Boston. Enemy's
fleet of nine ships was steamln
with exception of Castilla (moored
head and stem, with port battery
bearing). Their smaller vessels re-
conviction to the mind of the reader. It
has the same air of plausible unreality as
the stories that flow with equal ease and
velocity from the pen of Archibald Clav
ering Gunter. itl
The heroine— "Queen of the Street—is
a great operator in stocks, aad, hand in
glove with Senators, she is able to specu
late with safety, making fabulous sums in
sugar and oil. Incidentally she makes
and mars the fortunes of adventurous
and penniless young men.
One of the Senators, hitherto a vague,
unseen entity, appears like the ghost at
the banquet. He proves to be the hus
band who deserted thl6 wonderful woman
and their infant daughter many years be
fore in the far West. She had put her
baby in an asylum, from which it had
been adopted, while she taught school and
staked a claim that made her rich. A
change of name and the conquest of wall
street and New York society followed
easily. The husband had also changed his
name and won fame and fortune, which
he now wished to unite with hers against
her will.
In the meantime the mother has mirac
ulously recovered her long lost daugh
ter, who, of course, is a rarely beautiful
and cultured woman. The father wishes
to possess her, and to prevent this the
mother hides her in remote places in Eu
rope, while she takes a flying trip around
the world to put the villain off the scent.
He dies opportunely while holding an
Interview with the "Queen of the Street,"
and is mourned only by a mysterious
ward. The heroine then retires to pri
vate life and marries an obscure person
age, while the daughter marries another.
All who have done wrong are terribly
punished and those who have done well
are suitably rewarded.
■\< .--. ■-.:•• - ■;-'■' " ■• - - ■• " -• ■
"IN THE SWIM." By Richard Henry Sav- .
age- Chicago and N«w York. Rand. McNally •
& Co.
REGRET OF SPRING.
By Pitt* Harrlten Burl
' The more profound as well as : the more
charm Ing and modern .of ! fiction writers
study the soul. The Interest In the prob
lems of man's higher . nature Is to them
far more absorbing jj- than the ' constant
clash of swords, :or strange adventures,
as there are more tears', and laughter,
more trials and more hairbreadth escapes
In a : man's fight with himself; than, with ;
savages. * The mystery and fatality of the
sub-conscious part In us Is their latest
field. "Regret of Spring" In ; its meaning
or motive is a truthful and powerful addi- .
tion to this class of deep and moving
stories of the heart. The story Is the his
tory of a fateful crisis In a matured ca
reer. An intensity of noble passion per
vades it. ~v?gajSyisg)agy<i«giasasE&gg
O. W. Dilllngham Company, publishers,
New York. For sale by San Francisco
News Compan. Price Jl 50. ,
THE CHEERY BOOK
By Jo» Kerr.
Joe Kerr and his writings are so well
known as to need no elaborate Introduc
tion. His delightful merriment and ten
der pathos appeal to all classes. Although
still a young man, he has been a New
York favorite for several years.
The sentiment of all his poems Is ex
quisite. The dialect verses are genuinely
mirth provoking.
Many of the poems are uproariously
funny, and display unusual shrewdness
In lighting up the foibles of human na
ture. ,From first to last the book is thor
oughly enjoyable. The reader who ap
preciates spontaneous, vivacious and orig
inal humor, fresh and sparkling, without
the slightest taint of coarseness or vul
garity, and with just an appetizing dash
of satire. wUI be delighted with "The
Cheery Book." The practical reader, too,
BY ARCHIE E. MOFFATT, of the U. S. S. Baltimore.
treated inside of point several
times during action. Enemy's flre,
while doing little damage, seem
ingly concentrated on Baltimore,
and she was hit six times. Span
ish flagship was seen to be on flre
early in the action, but she kept up
the fight until we withdrew, when
she was seen to be on flre from
stem to stern. Their next largest
ship, the Castilla, also caught
flre during interval in action. Bal
ance of fleet retreated inside of
breakwater, where they later sank.
Withdrew from action at 7:35, in
accordance with order from flag
ship.
SECOND ENGAGEMENT-Sig
nal from flagship to "Get un
der way" at 10:40. Baltimore made
for a steamer seen entering bay at
full speed. After signaling flagship
that incoming steamer was flying
the English flag, she made for the
enemy's fortifications in obedience
to signal from flagship and steam
ing to within 2500 yards commenced
pouring in broadsides with splendid
results. When balance of the fleet
came up, about twenty minutes Int
er, the forts were silenced. The Pc
A CHOW SHOP ON A STREET CORNER. STEWED GRASS
HOPPERS FOR ONE CENT. •
From '"Yesterday In the Philippines," published by Scrlbner's.
will find some good, plain, common-sense
embodied in Mr. Kerr's verses. G. "VV.
Dillingham Company, publishers, New
York. For sale by San Francisco Isews
Company. Price Jl 50.
BRIEF HISTORY OF CALIFORNIA.
By Theodor* H. Hitt«ll.
The first volume of this work is Just
from the press, and a careful perusal of
it shows t"hat It Is worthy of a high place
in educational literature. Richard D.
Faulkner, principal of the Franklin Gram
mar School. San Francisco, has written
the Introduction to the book and also sup
plied some suggestive correlations.
Principally the work is intended for
school use, but will also prove a high
class work of reference for the broauer
phases of the history of the State. It be
gins with the discovery of California, and
contains concise accounts of the early
voyages to the coast. The establishment
of the missions is handled in a broad
way, and the principal facts are so ar
ranged as to be readily accessible and at
the same time show other important
events that hinge on them.
Mr. Faulkner is an old educator ana
has found the method on which he has
arranged Mr. Hittell's history of Califor
nia very advantageous In his work in the
past. Published by the Stone Educational
Company, San Francisco.
The British Californian for August—
which is styled "Alliance Number"—pub
lishes the views of leading Americans
and Britishers of this State on the prop
osition of a British-American alliance.
The expressions of opinion widely differ,
but nevertheless make interesting read
ing. As a frontispiece the Union Jack
and the Stars and Stripes are presented
in colors. The British Californian, San
Francisco.
POEMS HERE AT HOME— By James
Whltcomb Rlley. A new volume of the
celebrated poet's works from the press
of Charles Scribner's Sons. This edition
is one that fills a long-felt want. It is
elaborate enough for any library in the
land, and yet does not make one feel that
it is "too fine to handle." For sale by all
booksellers.
-■ ■ ♦
BOOK NOTES
R H. RuaseU'B fall publications will Include
a new book of Mr. Olbson'a drawings, to be
trel, followed by Concord and Bos- ®
ton, steamed past Cavite, close in ®
shore, destroying shipping as they ®
went. Petrel went inside to com-®
plete the destruction and at 12:40 ®
made signal, "Enemy have surren- ®
dered."
Spanish Losses: Ships — All either ®
sunk or burned. Men — 453 killed and ®
missing. 490 wounded. ®
American: Ships— None. Men— ®
Nona killed, 10 wounded (slightly).
SPANISH FORCES.
SHIPS.
Reina Cristina, cruiser (flagship).
Castilla, cruiser.
Don Antonio de Ulloa, gunboat.
Don Juan de Austria, gunboat.
Isla de Cuba, gunboat.
Isla de Luzon, gunboat.
Velaseo, gunboat.
Marquee del Duero, gunboat.
General de Lezo, gunboat.
Argos, gunboat.
Isla de Mindaftao, armed trans
port.
FORTS AND BATTERIES.
Corregidor. Pulo Caballo.
Sangley Pt. Pt. Gorda.
Carraeas. El Fraile.
Pt. Restinga. Pt. Lasisl.
entitled "Sketches and Cartoons," It being the
third book of the series, of which "Drawings
by C. D. Gibson" was the first, and "Picture!
of People" the second.
A new book by George Manville Fenn, to be
published in the autumn by E. P. Dutton &
Co., Is to be entitled "Nic Revel: or. A White
Slave's Adventures in Alligator Land." A.
new novel by Emma Marshall, entitled "Under
the Laburnums," will also be issued by thii
firm In the early fall.
A new book by Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Webb Is
promised next week by Longmans. Green &
Co. It is a collection of essays, and L entitled
••Problems of Modern Industry." Among th«
papers are "The Jews of East London." "Wo
i..en and Factory Acts," "The Difficulties of
Individualism, " and "Socialism: True and
False."
Longmans, Green & Co. will shortly publish a
new book by Andrew Lang, entitled, "The
Companions of Pickle— Being: a Sequel to
'Pickle, the Spy.' " The author was induced to
undertake this work owing to certain criti
cism of the former volume based on the theory
that "Pickle, the Spy" was Glengarry.
Charles Scribner's Sons have arranged with
A. Constable &*Co. of London tn bring out a
library edition of the novels of Henry Fielding.
It will be strictly limited in number, and Eng
lish hand-made paper will be used. Edmund
Gosse wil! write an Introductory essay for the
work, and no pains will be spared to secure a
scholarly and accurate text. The first two vol
umes will be ready in September.
The Commercial Advertiser writes: "So the
Chap-Book is dead, and the theory on which it
was founded has been again discredited In prac
tice. So far as we have observed there are no
mourners, and as to the numerous Imitator*
that for a time sprang up and flourished, prac
tically all of them died of marasmus long ago.
The literary world, therefore, will go right
along as though nothing had haDpened: and. In
fact, nothing of any consequence has hap
pened."
The fine editions of standard authors that
Charles Scribner's Sons are bringing out or
will bring out in the near future form quite a
feature by themselves. Those now appearing,
or about to appear, at the rate of one or two
volumes a fortnight, are "The Works of George
Meredith," "The Works of Henry Fielding."
"The Poetical and Prose Works of Lord By
ron " (the only complete and authorized edi
tion), "The Waverley Novels of Sir Walter
Scott" (the Temple edition). "The Works of
Charles Plokens" (the Gadshlll edition). "Th« ,
Works of Thomas Carlyle" 'the Centenary cdi- .J
tlon). Besides those are the standard subscrtp-
tlon editions of "The New Authorized Edition
of Charles Dickens" (to be completed in thirty
four volumes), "The Homestead Edition of
James Whltcomb Rlley" (ten volumes).
A new method of preserving: wood
from decay, known as the Haskin pro
cess, is being tried on a large scale in
England. Instead of withdrawing the
sap and injecting creosote or some oth
er antiseptic substance, as is usually
done, Mr. Hasklns submits the wood
to superheated air, under a pressur*
of fourteen atmospheres. By this pro-"
cess. It is. averred, the sap is chemi
cally changed into a powerful antisep
tic mixture, which, by consolidating
with the fiber, strengthens as well as
preserves the wood.
COMPANIONS' OF THE FOREST OF A.
Bonita Circle at its meeting on the 19th
inst. in the presence of Grand Chief Com
panion jCoburn and other grand officers
grave an exemplification of the ritual. It
was rendered by Chief Companion Mis 3
May Bailey and her corps of officers in
a manner that excited the admiration of
all present, the work of the chief com
panion particularly being in a manner so
natural that it did not seem as if it waa
memorized, but was the outpouring of
one who felt every word spoken and
sought to impress the same on the candi
date. The lady has been in the chair
but a few weeks, and her rendition of
the work was an evidence of the deep
Interest she has taken in it.
Last Monday there was a gala time in
Loyal Circle in Oakland and the attend
ance was large. After the business was
over M. E. Licht, the circle's deputy, an
nounced that he had reached the 29th
anniversary of his birth, and then Invited
all present to a neighboring restaurant,
where he treated them to a bountiful
C °Paio Alto Circle Is doing well at thl«
time initiating candidates at every meet-
Ing and the attendance at the meetings
is unusually laifee. -
The anniversary ball of Inter Nos Cir
cle will be givei» in Union Square Hall
on the night of October 13. To-day the
picnic of Inter Nos Club under the pat
ronage of theq^cle will be given in Plitts
ville Park. A good programme of games
and dances has been arranged and about
sixty prizes have been contributed.
AURORA'S ANNIVERSARY.
The twentieth anniversary of the insti
tution of Court Aurora of the Foresters
of America was celebrated last Thurs
day night by a social in the Alcazar So
cial Hall in the early part of the even
ing, and then by a banquet in the St.
Germaine. There were present about
one hundred and fifty, Including the
members of the court and ladies, who at
first enjoyed the programme of dances
and then took seats around the festive
board to partake of a toothsome menu.
Grand Secretary J. J. Cordy, a member
of the court, acted as master of cere
monies, and In his usual happy manner
introduced the individuals selected to re
spond to the several toasts. The re
sponses were: "The Foresters of Amer
ica, a patriotic and liberty loving order,"
J. Samuels, G. C. R.; "Court Aurora,
loyal and true to our principks," Jacob
Label, P. C. R. ; "How it feels to be grand
treasurer." Frank Conklin, G. T. ; "Lib
erty—liberty In thought and in action,"
John Heenan. G. S. W. Then followed
impromptu toasts and responses and with
instrumental music and song and good
cheer a very pleasant evening was spent.
Continued on page twenty-stx."RING UP" FOR
THE NEW THEATERS
ij. wui ue a pieasani revelation to
the many friends of T. Daniel
Frawley to know that to that
quiet, unassuming gentleman Is
. due the credit of bringing about a
renaissance In one of the Important
branches of dramatic art-
Half a generation ago every city of
Consequence In this country had Its one
. or more brilliant and successful stock
companies, through the medium of
which the public were afforded oppor
tunities to enjoy the talents of the
greatest stars of the day. The system,
however, gradually went into decay,
and was finally relegated to the realm
of memory by the aggressive and cap- j
tivating traveling organization. Less j
than three years ago the decline of the j
popularity of the stock companies had I
reached such a stage that there were I
no organizations of the kind playing j
In repertoire at first-class prices, and j
the system was supposed to be dead.
In 1594 in this city the idea was con- 1
celved of trying an experiment on the
public by organizing and conducting a
stock company on the old lines. Messrs.
Frawley and Friedlander, Gottlob &
Co. had the courage of their convictions
and the enterprise was launched. It
met with popular favor. Capable peo
ple were engaged, budding genius was
encouraged and Introduced to the world
dramatic. The best of the old and the
new plays in comedy and drama were
presented In the most excellent style,
thus giving the people a highly appre
ciated variety. The enterprise pros- I
pered. The performances were com- I
pared with the work of the best travel- :
Ing organizations and not infrequently i
the comparison proved the genuine ;
merit of the home company. San Fran- I
ciscans became proud of the Fraw- j
ley company and enamored of the !
many sterling actors and actresses it
Introduced to them. Its success and
fame gradually spread throughout the :
West.. and East until the force of ex
ample had its effect.
At that time there were stock com
panies in New York, such as Dan
Frohman's Lyceum aggregation, but
they were organized to present one i
play to be run to a finish, which often
•meant a year or more, and when a new
.-.'attraction was to be presented a new
..set. of people was selected to play it.
Eastern managers were convinced that
the successful conduct of a stock com
pany, presenting a new bill each week
at the tap prices was practically im
possible. But Mr. Frawley"s triumph
ant progress along those old lines
brought a change over the spirit of
their "theories, until now the revival of
the system is an established fact, and
strange to say it appears thus far to
have resulted in no material diminu
tion of the business of the standard
combinations.
The transformation has been a marked
one. During the past season in the
I'.nited States there were in existence
,f >>r the "whole or part thereof fifty or
ganizations styling themselves stock
companies and conducted under the old
system. The majority of them played
to popular prices, and not a few met
with most signal success, the public
taking to the change quite readily. This
was the case in Boston, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Cincinnati, St. Louis, Kan
• ity and Los Angeles, while in
Chicago four houses were engaged in
the renaissance during a part of the
season at least.
As an indication of the high stand
ing of the Frawley Company in the
effete East it may be stated that he has
more offers of first-class bookings than i
lie can accept.
. The company at the close of Its suc
cessful season here will play the coast
and- then work eastward into the field
that has so long been regarded as the
private preserve of the promoters of
■traveling combinations.
. Here's hoping you may return to us
crowned with the laurels of victory,
M-r. Frawley.
_MORT_IMER WOOD.
The Baldwin.
Henry Miller and the Frohman Com- ,
• pany will to-morrow night present "The
. Master," a domestic drama from the pen
o-f Stuart Ogilvie, In the title role of which j
-•' r AMUSEMENTS. .
. *my* San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887
' ■ a %P* "^^ m^ 1.05 Angeles, Cal., E*tab. 1894
m /£P^&m jl l?t Sacramento, Cal., Estab. 1 897
WALTER 1» ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
V Acknowledged as the Greatest Vaudeville Circuit In the World.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY. AUGUST 29.
0 NEW AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN stars q
• #7 The Creme de la Creme of the World's Vaudeville
. •- : .... Celebrities ....
BARNEY FAGANI
The Far-famed Minstrel. Author-Comedian, Vocalist and Dancer, Assisted fey
HENRIETTA BYRON, the Fascinating Dancing and Singing:
Soubrette. in a Potpourri of Up-to-Da'e Comedy. . . .
"CHARLES TALDRiCH!
■: Direct from His London Successes— Eccentric Comedian. JuEiler and Original Tramp.
:'. . Extraordinary Engagement of
" .SIGNOR AND SIGNORA DE PASQUALI !
Late of the Royal Thsater, Palermo, Italy, and the
Damrosch Symphony Orchestra and the Scalchl Opera Company,
-; ■ Presenting Scenes, Appropriately Costumed, from Famous Operas.
-^-^ mmm^.- ff m w THE MARVELOUS
• TITBI :/l . H I AND UNRIVALED *
• • » C^/I.JLJ'I RUSSIAN GYMNAST • • •
American Debut of the Animal King,
: AS.;. BARON!
With His Troupe of Trained Oreat Danes, Introducing the Latest NoTelty,
"THE LION IMITATORS." '
■^~~~~~"~~~~~~ LAST WEEK OF THE FOLLOWING STAR ACTS:
CHAS. CASE! | McBRIDE& GOODRICH
■ :The;Monologulst. : ; .7 .'- - '.*- >■-' Comedy Duo.
t h Jthree re at hegelmanns
Last Chance to Seethe Greatest Aerlalists Ever in America.
BIOCRAPH!
With New Scenes, Presenting Actual Naval and Field Encounters Between Americans
... ■ . '-:.■ - - -•"„;■-.-":.-;•■■';■: : and Spanish. , ; . .'■...;" ' '"£ ' .. '' .**",'. ■."':' ~\"' : :"'.
Hm^W^^iM^^' P """ u> &s3r y er. < d«? s .v, Sir* I0< ".
air. Miller met with nattering success in
New York, where the play ran for 100
nights.
The Master" Is said to be a picture of
domestic life far more true to nature
than those usually depicted. The part
played by Mr. Miller is that of a father,
Thomas Faber, who. without consulting
any one else, haa planned out the future
of his son and daughter to suit himself,
and suddenly awakens to find that it ie
utterly different from what they desire, or
what their mother, who is their confidant
and sympathizer, wishes for them. Fa
ber s domineering nature, both In his busi
ness and his household, has won for him
the sobriquet of "The Master," but the
playwright, even In the first act, at the
end of which Faber casts out his son for
disobeying him in joining the army and a
daughter for preferring the man of her
choice to the one he wishes her to marry,
a' lo ws certain love traits to shine
through.
He 13 truly a man of sterling qualities
ana deep affection underneath his auto- !
cratlc ways, which seem rather the result
of the rule or ruin policy of the modern
business world than of ah innate tyranni
cal disposition. The gradual softening of
Faber s nature through misfortune, aided
it'n i c tl ?'nly disguised longing for his
children is the study which Mr. Ogilvle
♦ K WOrked ou l over a B tory which serves
to bring out the character In strong re-
Jhe Columbia.
"Th« Rajah," one of the old-time suc
cesses of the Madison Square stock com
pany, will be the bill at the Columbia, be
ginning to-morrow night. It Is a very
pretty comedy In four acts, and affords
opportunities for some artistic scenic dis
plays. The plot revolves around the fact
that a young Englishman known as The
Rajah has fallen heir to the estate of his
uncle, with an adopted daughter thrown I
in. The two fall in love, and all kinus of j
love and business complications ensue, |
including the woes of a strike.
Among the other characters in the play j
are Joseph Jekyll, a self-made attorney
and agent of the "VVvncot estate, whose
ideas as to workmen's rights do not agree
with those of the new master; Mr. Job,
Jekyll's assistant and constant echo;
Richard Jocelyn, Jekyll's clerk and
■would-be son-in-law; Cragin, leader of
the strikers and a convict; Buttons, a
youthful servant, who is ever crying for
his ma, ma; Emilia. Gladys most Inti
mate friend- Mrs. Pringle, housekeeper at
Wyncot Lodge and mother and defender
of Buttons.
Jhe TiVoli.
The grand opera season at the Tlvoll is
the musical event of the year, and from
i the lovers of opera the management are
i receiving unstinted praise, not only for
BUSCH, THE GOLDEN VAMPIRE, at the
Chutes.
their enterprise In bringing such able
artists here, but for the excellent style
in which they are presenting the very
best of the grand operas.
In the fifth week, beginning to-morrow
night, Ambrose Thomas' delightful mas
terpiece, "Mignon," will be presented. It i
will be repeated on Wednesday, Friday !
and Saturday evenings, with the follow- j
ing cast: Mary Llnck as the faithful j
gypsy darning girl; Anna Lichter as the j
dashing actress. Filina, one of her great
est successes; Elvia Crox, the young gal
lant, Frederick; Sig. Edgardo Zerni as
the student, Wilhelm Meister; William
Schuster and G. S. Wanrell alternate as
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 189 S.
the aged minstrel, Lothario, and W. H.
West, the happy-go-lucky actor, Laertes.
Special scenery, costumes and acces
sories have been prepared for this pro
duction.
On Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday
evenings and at the special Saturday
matinee Mascagnl's "Cavalleria Rustl
cana" will be given. The cast will in
clude Frl. Marie Brandls as the unhappy
Santuzza, Helen Merrill as Lola, Rhys
Thomas as Turrldu and William Pruette
as Alfio. Leoncavallo's tragic opera, in
two acts, "Pagliaccl," will be given in
conjunction with "Cavalleria Rusticaaa,"
In which Sig. Maurice de Vries will *p-
I pear as Tonio. the clown: Rhys Thomas,
| for the first time in this city, will play
Canio; W. H. West, the young villager,
Silvio; and Elvla Crox. Nedda, the flirt.
The y\lcazar.
The Morrison season will close at the
Alcazar to-night. This popular actor of
the old school has scored a remarkable J
success in his season of fifteen weeks, j
both from the artistic standpoint and the j
financial view. He has made hosts of :
new friends in this city, who regret his
departure and will await with pleasure j
his return.
The reorganized stock company will be
gin the new season to-morrow night. The
attraction will be Henry Guy Carleton's
comedy, "The Butterflies," a play that
i Is familiar to the theater-goers of this
i city. The story is founded on the love- [
making complications and the monetary j
embarrassment of two proud families.
It is well told, the situations are very j
taking and the dialogues bright. The i
new company should be able to present i
"Butterflies" In a most acceptable man- !
ncr, embracing as It does several well- [
known and capable people, among whom •
are Earnest Hastings, former leading ;
man of the Lyceum Theater, New York,
and Miss Gretchen Lyons, previously
leading woman to Richard Mansfield. Mr.
Hastings will play the part in which
John Drew made a success. Miss Ly
ons is to assume the roll of Marion.
J*leW Comedy Theater.
The old Bush is rapidly being remodeled
Into Its modern successor, the New Com
edy Theater, preparatory to itsopenlngon
Friday evening, September 2, under the
management of M. B. Leavitt. Th© archi
tects In charge promise that when com
pleted It will be unexcelled in beauty and
appointment by any playhouse In the
city. The decorations are to be in pink,
blue and gold. The opera chairs will be
of the latest pattern, thorough ventila
tion will be provided, and incandescent
, ELEANOR CAREY, at the Columbia.
lighting is to be used throughout. A
lounging room with special luxuries for
gentlemen and a ladies' reception parlor
will constitute some of the novelties.
The inaugural attraction is to be Mrs.
Romualdo Paeheoo's Ideal Comedy Com
pany in Mrs. Pachecos clever comedy,
The Leading Man. The company in
cludes Miss Hattie Schell, Miss Carina
Jordan, Miss Kate Vandenhoff, Miss Isa
bel Garrison, Brlgham Royce, Harry-
Saint Maur, Thomas M. Hunter, George ».
Probert, Hal Clarendon, Stewart Allen,
etc.
The sale of seats for this engagement
will commence next Tuesday, at the box
office of the theater, and at 710 Market
street, opposite the Claus Spreckels
building, where a branch ticket office will
be established.
J^orosco's.
"Fallen Among Thieves," which met
with such a notable success at this house
four years ago. will be given a great re
vival to-morrow night. It has been re
vised and Americanized, and is thought
to be stronger and brighter. Of all Frank
Harvey's exciting plays it is said to be
one of the most thrilling, and there is not
a lurid or overstrained situation in it. the
dialogue being clean cut and meritorious.
The melodramatic situations are relieved
of heaviness by the exceptionally bright
comedy vein that is judiciously distrib
uted throughout the scenes.
The play is naturally an illustration of
the perversity of men and women, in
which the sins and virtues of the various
characters are displayed under a bright
___________________ AMUSEMENTS.
newcomedytheatel
(FORMERLY THE POPULAR BUSH.)
Direction V.M.' B. LEAVITT | ALF ELLINGHOUSB Resident Manager
THE SOCIETY^ EVENT I
GRAND OPENING FRIDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 2.
Transformed Magnificently Into a Bijou Palace of Luxury and Beauty. Moat Charming, Comfort-
able and Attractive Theater 'In This City.
- 910,000— INVOLVING AN EXPENDITURE 0F— 910,000
Mr. Leavltt Presents as the Inaugural Attraction the First Appearance In This City of the
PACHECO IDEAL COMEDY CO.
INTRODUCING A SUPERB METROPOLITAN CAST OF SOPERIOR MERIT AND EXCEL-
LENCE. ■ ' , ■- ■'-.■.■/:■■'■.: ■"■■-'-■ .--..■■ :\
Under the Personal Direction of MRS. ROMUALDO PACHECO,
PRESENTING FOR THE FIRST TIME - ; ON ANY STAGE HER ORIGINAL AND
VERY LAUGHABLE COMEDY
"THE LEADING MAN."
ROTE THE POPULAR PRICES— '. Orchestra ; 75c. Dren ■ Circle 60e, Balcony (Reserrei) 50«
and 35c, Bex Beats $1, Boxes (Beating Six) $4 and $5. All Referred. No Extra. >: ;
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Prices '25... 35- and 50c.1 AH Reserved. No Extra. '; .
SALE OF SEATS COMMENCES Tuesday, Aujrust 30, 10 a. m., New Comedy Theater and
Branch Ticket Office. Wonder ; Drug Company, 710 Market St. Seats Secured by Telephone;
Phone "Main" 939, Wonder ,Drug Company; Phone No. 328 "Main," New Comedy Theater.
PbaldwinT
Z MOHDAY, AUG. 29— Second Week
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
V CHARLES FROHMAN Presents MR.
| HENR Y
k MILLER
fa First Time Here of C. Stuart Ogllvle's
y Modern Comedy, j
- - THE
! MASTER
(?) As Presented for Over Three Months Last
Season at the Garden Theater, N. Y.
® September B. Last Week HENRY MILLER.
First Time Here «f
® A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE.
By Sydney Grundy, Author of "Sowing the
A AVlnd."
y Next Attraction— MODJESKA.
~¥IJTRO_BATHS.
SUNDAY, AUG. 28. AT 3:30 P. M.
WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP, 880 YARDS
BETWEEN.
SID CAVILL Champion of Australia,
And R B. CORNELL, Pacific Coast Champion.
FOR A $500 PURSE.
This Is the Final Race of the Series Between
Sid Cavlll and R. B. Cornell for the
4 Championship. Also
IMMENSE AQUATIC BILL.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. sc'
light. It is in four acts, and the scenic
features will be very elaborate, as shown
by the fact that there are five scenes in
the third act. The cast will be a strong
one. Including Max yon Mitzel, Fred I.
Butler, Landers Stevens, Leslie Morosco,
Bert Morrison, Lorena Atwood, Jessie
Shirley and Lillian Elliott
Jhe Orpheum.
This popular vaudeville house offers five
new acts for the coming week, and it is
claimed that suc-j a greal bill has not
been provided for a long time. The added
features range from trained dogs to high
comedy and grand opera selections by
famous artists. Barney Fagan and Hen
rietta Byron stand par excellence in
their line as comedian and soubrette, re
spectively. The Pasqualis, late of the
Royal Theater Bellini of Palermo, Italy,
made their American debut with the
Damrosch' Symphony Orchestra and later
were with the Scalchl Concert Company.
They will appear in the garden scene from
"Faust," in costume. The signor has a
great tenor voice and the signora a so
prano of wide musical range and
sympathetic quality. Charles T. Al
drien, the famous eccentric come
dian and comic Juggler, has re
turned from his London success. He is
regarded as the very best comic Juggler
on the vaudeville stage. Another novelty
will be the act done by Sadi, the Russian
gymnast, whose work, it is said, excels
anything In that line ever seen at the Or
pheum. Charles Baron and his perform
ing Great Danes will positively appear
this week. The dogs do a very funny act,
dressed up as lions, in which Mr. Baron
puts them through all sorts of tricks. The
holdovers include Charles Case, the fa
vorite monologist; Mcßrlde and Good
rich, In clog dances and songs; the Hegel
mans, the greatest aerial artists In the
world, and the blograph, with new war
HATTIE E. SCHELL, New Comedy Theater.
scenes. Matinees Wednesday, Saturday
and Sunday.
Ghutes and Zoo.
est one ever built. It produces a perfect
p3.norfl.mcL, in mlnifl.tiir<? End colored, of
Golden Gate Park, Buena Vista Heights,
Lone Mountain, the city and chute
grounds and shows cable cars, boats, ve
hicles and persons in lireiike motion.
In the Free Theater the new bill in
cludes the three De Novas, daring fly
ing trapeze performers; Conlon and
Ryder, acrobatic comedians, and Thomas
K. Ryan, an author-vocalist, who com
poses his songs as he sings impromptu.
Busch, the "Golden Vampire," will be
retained, as will also Garden and Hunt,
comical musicians, and Arthur Salvlni,
the sweet voiced tenor.
Jhe Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall hire a number
of new attractions this week. At the
head of the list is the young lady who
styles herself "the great and only Trix
eda." El Nino Eddy, the king of the
bounding wire, -and Kelly and Vlolette,
descriptive singers, are also new features.
From last week's bill there have been re
tained Maude Rockwell with new songs,
the Royce Sisters and Miller and Anita
Lamont. Matinee to-day.
People arvd plays.
Anna Lichter will be the Juliet of the
Tlvoli's "Romeo and Juliet" cast.
Ernest Hastings, the Alcazar's new
leading man, will play John Drew's part
In "The Butterflies" at the Alcazar next
week.
"RiKoletto," at the Tlvoll Opera House,
will show the Chevalier Maurice de Vries
in his greatest European and American
success.
William Pruette was the original Alfio
THEATHR. I
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. X
THE FRAWLEY CO. T
IN ®
"ON PROBATION." f
BEGINNING MONDAY,
August 29— Last Week But One of the ®
Frawley Go. I
Revival of the Famous Madißon-square ®
Comedy Success,
THE RAJAH. I
A Gem of the Old School.
By William Young. JL
T. DANIEL 'FBAWLEY A 8 THS RAJAH. T
fll YMPIA K(i^y- c °r- Mason— GREAT BILL
UL.li»iriAoF EASTERN STARS! TRIXEUO-
EL KINO EDDY: KELLY & VIOLET; DAR-
RELL & MILLER; ROCKWELL; ROYCE
SISTERS, and others. Admission Fre«.
Matinee Sunday.
BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK.
OAKLAND VS. SAN FRANCISCO.
TO-DAY, AT 2:16 P. M.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS.
FRONT OF THE NEW ALHAMBRA THEATER, Corner Jones and Eddy Streets.
in "Carallerla Rusticana" in America. He
sang the role in the Conreid trial matinee
at the Casino. New York.
Next Saturday's matinee at the TJvoll
will show the whole Grand Opera Com
pany In the grand double bill of "Pag
liacci" and "Cavall*/ia Rusticana."
"Lucretla Borgia" is one of the most
tuneful ot all the grand operas. Its drink-
Ing song Is one of the most popular of its
melodies. The Tivoll will mount it in a
careful manner.
Miss Lyons, formerly leading lady with
Richard Mansneld, now a member of the
new Alcazar company, filling the same
role, will make her first appearance next
week in the role of Merriam Dodge, in
"The Butterflies."
A novel ek-ctric banner will be the
feature of announcing each week's at
traction at the New Comedy Theater.
This banner is 3x20 feet, and will be sus
pended across Bush street by cable from
building to building.
The New York dramatic papers Bay
that Blanch Walsh is affected and arti
ficial. This is serious. The first thing
Gotham knows it will be classed along
with San Francisco as a "Jay town.'
Miss Walsh will not countenance criti
cism.
Annie Myers will be the leading sou
brette of the Tlvoli's comic opera season.
The New Comedy Theater will have a
new drop curtain by that well-known ar
tist, C. D. Robinson, the subject being
"Touchstone and Audrey," from "As You
Like It."
After several years of retirement Llz
xie Vigoureaux, the authoress and act
ress, will commence a star engagement
touring the country with a repertoire of
standard plays, under the direction of
Louis Alfred Imhaus.
Phosa McAllister and Harry S. Duffleld,
so long connected with the Frawley Com
pany, and who are so well and favorably
known on this coast, have joined the
Clay Clement Company, and will be seen
In congenial roles in Mr. Clement's "The
New Dominion."
The electrical display of the New Com
edy Theater, which will light the en
tire section of the northern part of the
city, will show an outlay of $1500. A spe
cial night will be set aside, prior to the
opening, when the illumination will be
given to the public.
"Zaza," the play in which Rejane is
appearing at the Paris Vaudeville, deals
with the affairs of a disreputable concert
hall singer. The American rights have
been purchased, but they are likely to ue
of little value unless the play is thorough
ly disinfected before presentation here.
There Is already a large demand for the
Modjeska season, which is to open at the
Baldwin Theater two weeks from Mon
day. The star will probably begin her sea
son with a big production of "Antony and
Cleopatra." The company has arrived
from the East and is actively rehears-
ingr.
Harry Corson Clark and hla new com
pany are booked to appear at the New
Comedy Theater In September. Mr. Clark
has added greatly to his amusing com
edy "What Happened to Jones." Several
specialties will be Introduced during his
engagement at the New Comedy Theater.
Miss Lillian Young, daughter of Major
General S. B. M. Young of the regular
United States army, will make her first
appearance on any stage at the New
Comedy Theater with Harry Corson
AMUSEMENTS. / ' - ■ ..-...--.
Corner, Eddy and Jones Streets. _^ '^ _ \ Reached by Every Car Line In the City.
GREAT GALA EVENT OF THE SEASON— GRAND OPENING
Of the Most Beautiful, Thoroughly Equipped and Comfortable Vaudeville Theater In America!
A tr SATURDAY EVENING, SEPT. 3rd. A fT
1 0 — Greatest Aggregation of Star Attractions in the History of Yaudeullle— A «*
The Management Takes Pleasure In Announcing the First Vaudeville Appearance of America's
Foremost Artists, Direct From Their Triumphant Tour in England, ; i: :
MR. AND MRS. SYDNEY DREW
Who will present for the first time their srreat London success. "When Two Hearts Are Won."
1 Extraordinary Engagement of the World's Greatest Operatic Barytone,
- -SICNOR DEL fUENTE - -
first Vaudeville Debut of the" Peerless Queen of Burlesque, the Charming :
GOBIJST 3ST IB
First Appearance of Gotham's Elite Society : Entertainer, .
MR, WM; JOSH DALY
The Famous French Illusionist and Antl Spiritualist, ' Direct From ; Cairo, ■ Egypt.
. . . MONSIEUR <DE VILLIERS . . ,
The Greatest Musical and Eccentric Clowns of ■ To-Day, the Original
DELTORELLI BROTHERS
First Appearance of the Young and Artistic Entertainers, In a Budget of Latest Coon Songs
■ ,' : and Cake Walks,-
POWERS /\IND HYDE
The Famous Acrobatic Comedians and Grotesque par Excelleno* -^,
■ilfispf^' '.--■,• '■■■ -' ■ ■•"-■ st* c3/~\c^C2rc2 o
- - - - -
The Most Popular, ■ Artistic Team ' and . Past • Masters " of ' Colored Comedy,
Mr. and Mrs. TOM McIINTOSH
PoDular prices: Reserved Seats, 25c; opera chairs and r box seats, 60c; belle stage ■ boxes,
holding six persons, $4; Matinee prices,- 25c; s Children, 10c; all over the house. ..
SEATS NOW ON SALE.; Box office open from 9 A. M. to 10 P. M. Telephone South 488.
Tickets can be reserved in advance without extra charge.: , -.■■-. .- .., . , ,
MORQSCO'S GRANDE
Waltkb Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Famiiy Circle and Gallery, . . 10c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
WEEK OF AUGUST 29.
First Production of the American version or
Frank Harvey's Great Melodrama
FALLEN
AMONG THIEVES!
Author of "Wages of Sin," "Woman Against
Woman," "Fhnl! We F'>r;rlve Her," Etc.
Great Diving Scene From Harlem High Bridge.
Startling- Effects— Magnificent Scenery— Aug-
mented Cast.
Clark's company In "What Happened to
Jonea."
Slgnor Giuseppe del Puente, the re
nowned operatic barytone, Has signed
his first contract with Managing Director
Dr. de Kannet to appear In vaudeville,
and will make his debut in that line be
fore a San Francisco audience at the
opening of the Alhambra Theater on
Saturday, September 3. This will prove
a welcome innovation to our music lov
ers, with many of whom Del Puente
stands in high favor.
The identity of the party who presented
Lottie Gibson with the mammoth silk
American flag has been disclosed, and
made known as no less a personage than
"Jack" Jacobi, the San Francisco attor
ney, who is now in New York on his an
nual visit. Miss Gibson prizes the gift
very highly and displays it nightly as an
added effect to her patriotic song, "The
Flag That Has Never Known Defeat."—
New York Dramatic News.
Henry Miller's second play, "The Maa
ter" is by 8. Stewart Ogilvie, a young
English dramatist, who is thought by
some of our shrewdest managers to be
the coming man among playwrights to
LESLIE MOROSCO, Morosco Stock Com
pany.
that part of the world. His first promi
nent success was a piece called "Hy
patia," which he wrote for Beerbohm
Tree, and in order to secure a produc
tion of which he was compelled to fur
nish the backing himself.
But two more weeks remain of the
Frawley season at the Columbia Thea
ter. Following "The Rajah" there will
be given some revivals for the final week.
Theodore Roberts will have an oppor
tunity to play a strong role when he ap
pears next week in the part of Craigin,
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krelingr, Proprietor and Manager. '
; ;• THE GRAND OPERA SEASON. I
THIS EVENING— LAST TIME.
.'■• Gounod's 1 Immortal Opera, : .
• " .FT J\ U S X. »
'--. TO-MORROW EVENING, also Wednesday
Friday ( and } Saturday, - "MIGNON." Tuesday '
Thursday ' and - : Sunday • Evenings, ; Special . Sat-
, urday Matinee, "PAGLIACCI" AND '•RUSTI-
; CANA." ;•;- ;;■-:" "■ .,' - - -"V \, ■-■' ; ; v.-r ? ■ -■ ■ .
Popular Prices, 25c and' 50c. ■■ N. B.— A re-
served ' seat for . . the i matinee, 25c. •■ Telephone
Bush 9. . ■ v^.\-: :- ;-;■;• «.. ;. ■ . . : ,...^.-a:
Weekly Call, sl .BO Tear
the leader of the strikers, in "The Ra
jah," at the Columbia Theater. T. Dan
iel Frawley will be seen as the Rajah,
RHYS THOMAS, at the Tivoli.
the young gentleman who does not be
come disturbed even by an explosion.
RESTRICTION RAISED.
For some years past the Government of
India has made certain restrictions In re
gard to the work done for It by the native
Ironworkers, on the ground that .they
could not perform certain labors, as they
were not sufficiently acquainted with the
details. Now, however, the native work
ers have succeeded In getting the list of,
'articles which they are permitted ,to
manufacture for. the Government largely
extended, and are feeling correspondingly
elated. - ■
. _ — ■ » ■
If a man has dyspepsia his wife gen
erally suffers more from it than ha
does.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
— to-night — \'- : J-r •
. LEWIS " MORRISON.
THE MERCHANT OF VENICE
To-Morrow (Monday) Night
OPENING OF THE FALL SEASON.
-THE NEW ALCAZAR STOCK-
In Henry Guy Carle ton's Comedy,
■ 3 '. - .. — - — '; — »
. • • THE • • .
BUTTERFLIES
a— — — — .'. [ ' .. — —a,"
As Presented 150 Nights at Palmer's Theater,
-  New York City.
I First Appearance at the . Theater . of ■
MISS CRETHEN LYONS,
MR. ERNEST HASTINGS,
! MISS EDNA EWEN.
Ks^ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
SEATS BY 'PHONE MAIN 254. i .
SECOND
SUCCESSFUL WEEK
..THE..
IRISH FAIR
—AT—
MECHANICS'
PAVILION.
Doors open, 1:30 to 5:30 and 7:30 to 10:30 p.. m.
• . . Admission, 25c ; Children,' 10c.
LADIES'. SOUVENIR MATINEE ' .
- MONDAY AFTERNOON.
Free Tiles of Emmet, Wolfe ■ Tone, Parnell, to
Ladies Buying Admission Ticket at Box Office,
1:30 to 5:30 p.m. - ; :
.<, MONDAY— EVENT. '
Scottish Bagpipes, Dances. Glees,
Songs, Parades, Gathering of the Clans.
SPECIAL : DAYS.
— Ladies' Societies. . i
Wednesday— A. O. H. Day.
CONNATJGHT PROVINCE DAY.
Monday Afternoon '■■ and ■' Night— Every . On«
from the Counties In That Province Invited.
There Are Many Attractions at This Fair,
■ But Only -
. ONE n -",/-■ .
MAP OF IRELAND,
Made from Earth ■ Brought : Thousands " of . Miles
Across Land " and Sea for This : Fair. The Soil
of Old Ireland Should and Is • Honored .. by ? a
Visit from •' Every.' One. Don't Miss It!
See the Irish Dancing School,' : In Charge of
Messrs. • O'Connor ± and t. Kelleher, ' :■ the ; Blarney
Castle, Lakes of Killarney, Tara Hall, in Fact
All of the Booths. C: < :■■■-■ - ; ■ ," -
Art Gallery; and .Theater Opened Every After-
noon and ■ Evening. Splendid Performance. -'-
/' Only 1 Two : Weeks ;' More  to ■ See ' Ireland In
Miniature. ' ..•_-: '■'.•.- :.■ -'- ■-'. • -
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY 'AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
FINEST CAMERA OBSCURA
ON EARTH.
I GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER!
I, Beginning. Monday, TAugust 23, ""
' Special engagement of the THREE DE NO-
VAS. Flying" Meteors;. NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES...
SEE • THE MONSTER CARPET- SNAKH
•> FROM AUSTRALIA IX THE ZOO. \
' - LAST WEEK OF CANNON.
J 10c, ■Including' Zoo and Theater; i Children,' io;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. .-■^Bg
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
Silver -weaker.
Bank clearings fall off again.
Wheat futures Improved.
Other cereals continue dull.
Heavy receipts of Hay.
Beans unchanged.
Potatoes and , Vegetables unchanged.
" Cheese advanced. Butter unchanged.
Eggs range about the same.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry <Ju«.
Peaches steadier. Figs lower.
Lemons continue to declino.
Prunes rather firmer.
Provisions continue slack.
Hogs advanced again.
■ Ten failures last week.
Increased trade with Hawaii.
New York Exchange advanced.
Dried fruit tending upward.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports
tea failures in the Pacific Coast States and
Territories for the week ending yesterday as
compared with nine for the previous week and
eighteen for the corresponding week of fcJ..
The failures for the last week are divided
among th™ trades as follows: Three grocers
hotels! two liquor,, one general store, one
paints and oils, one plumber.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $12,922.
652 against $16,125,416 for the same week In
■ 1?97. f
INCREASED TRADE WITH HAWAII.
The exports of merchandise from this port to
Hawaii in 1597 were 516.u21.775, against $15,615,-
Exports, 12.059.736; Imports. $1.682.471.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Paciac Time.)
S\N FRANCISCO, August 27. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
F-ureka 64 Fresno 94. Los Angeles 88, Red
Bluffi4. a indepVn ,nee 90. San Diego 76. Sacra
mento 88. San Luis Obispo lu "«-J mum 64;
San Francisco temperatures Maximum, c«.
minimum. 54; CONDiTIONS AND GENERAL j
WEATHER FORECAST. GENERAL
The pressure Is highest this evening on the ,
Washington eoaat and lo*e*t in Arizona and
Southern \>va.la Quite It is decidedly warmer
in \'uma, Arizona and Idaho FaJls Idaho
U^ foV^nflnu^
fa F r or^rmi n d e C t\ lr^>ranclsco for thirty
fsunday;
warmer In the interior; brisk west wind.
Southern California— Generally fair Sunday,
warmer In the interior; brisk west wind.
Nevada— Fair, warmer Sunday.
Utah— Generally fair Sunday.
Arizona— Generally fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally fair
Sl Speckl report from Mount Tamalpais taken
at 5 p m.: Clear: wind west. 12 miles per hour;
temperature 70. maximum^ HAMMQN#
Forecast Official. i
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27.— The bears manifested
considerable confidence that a reaction in the ,
prices of stocks was due to-day, and they sold
at the opening advance and carried prices at j
one time materially below last night's close. |
They had on their side a disposition by many
holders to take profits, but the demand was so
considerable as to absorb all offerings at the
decline and the bears were forced to cover quite
heavily, lifting prices sharply above the lowest
and In many cases above last night. The drop ;
In Sugar at the opening was an unsettling fac- j
tor and a determined drive against People's
Gas finally knocked off lVs from the price of
that stock. It was evident also that there was
an abundant supply of stocks of the granger ;
and of Northern Pacific to be had on any con- ;
siderable advance in prices. The opening high
prices were partly manipulated for purposes of
realizing prices of Americans having been ad
vanced in London by cabled orders from New
Tort A number of prominent stocks showed '
vigorous resistance to the declining market, ;
and were potent factors in effecting the rally.
Most conspicuous of these were the Union Pa- .
cities The common rose 1H on j demand aji«l
■Old down nearly a point on the reacting. The
recovery carried it up an extreme 1%, ■ The
preferred stock was firm above last night s
figures Denver and Rio Grande preferred [
showed continued strength, as did Southern ;
Railway preferred, Erie nrst preferred, Norfolk ,
and Western preferred and the Wabash securi- |
ties The heavy decrease in the surplus reserve
or the banks was an unsettling inlluence in the
late trading. The closing was somewhat Irregu
lar some stocks showing effects of renewed
buying, while others suffered from continued j
profit taking. - ' \
Railway bonds were active to-day and closed j
rather feverish at reactions In the speculative ,
issues. The stock market has pone through >
an extensive process of liquidation of profits :
during the week and has demonstrated such
a firm basis of underlying strength as to have ,
encouraged the re-entry Into stocks of many of j
the influential financial interests who had sold '
out to the public after having manipulated the
rise to the extreme point they considered possl- ;
bit. But the week's events have shown that
outside speculations were waiting to take stocks
at any marked recession In prices. It also i
Bhowed that the profit taking had resulted In j
the actual digestion. of larger amounts of dlvi- ;
dend paying stocks and bonds and the conse- i
quent reduction of the floating supply In the I
market. The active return in interest and
dividends make these attractive investments
while money continues cheap.
To-day's bank statement shows that the
amount of the increase in loans has been more ;
than withdrawn from the deposit account. It
has. In fact, been diverted to the United States
treasury, and there have not been sufficient
Government bonds available for the banks to
offer security to maintain the Government
money on depoplt. The result Is a loss of cash
amounting to $3,590,800. although New 'York
banks have had net receipts In the Interior
currency movement during the week. The con
sequence Is a decline In the surplus of $7.4*5,
9*.n. If the demand from the Interior for mov
ing crops should rise to normal proportions
surplus reserves would have to be promptly
replenished from some source.
United States 2s have advanced l per cent,
the old 4s registered have declined ] £ per cent,
the new 4s % per cent and the 3*. when Issued,
% per cent In the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 287.
shares. Including S63G Atchison preferred. I 5512
Burlington, Nad D. & R. .G. preferred, 4800
L & N. 6650 Manhattan. 21.870 Northern Pa
cific. 8750 do preferred. 4335 Rock Island, 23,745
Union Pacific. 12.954 St. Paul, IMS • Southern
preferred, 27,350 Union Pacific preferred. 9345
Wabash preferred, 49,910 Chicago Great West
ern. 16.478 People's Gas. 34.790 Sugar. 4757
leather preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 14*4 *t P & Om 85' A j
Do prefd 36% Do prefd .. 15? V»
Baltimore & Ohio 16 ?t P Mft M 169
Canada Pacific .. S3 So Pacific 224 I
Canada Southern. MVj -Jo Hallway &H '
Central Pacific .. UK Do proM 36% j
Ches & Ohio 24 Texas & Pacific. 15% I
Chi & Alton 159 Cnlon Pacific .... 34K
Chi B & Q US% Do prefd 67<* j
Chi & E 111 60% i; P D & G...... 5H
CC C * St L.... 4? tt'abash 8%
Do prefd S6V4 Do prefd 22% !
Del & Hudson .. 109 Wheel & L E... . I' 4 |
Del L & \V Ill's Do prefd 12 "
Den * R 0...... 14% Express Companies—
Do pr*fd 55% Adams Ex ..; 106 !
Erie (new) ' 14Vi American Ex 130
Do Ist prefd 3SV4 United States .... 40
Fort Wayne 172 Wells Fargo 120
c.x Nor prefd.... 137 Miscellaneous—
Hocking Valle"... 5% A Cot Oil 38%
Illinois Central .. 112»; Do prefd .88 |
Lake Erie & W.. UVi Amn Spirits 14%
Do prefd : 75% Do prefd .... 40 1 ;*
Lake Shore ltSVi Am Tobacco ..... 144% ;
Louis & Nash.... 59% Do prefd lil2 '
Manhattan L .... 97% People's Gas 106
Met St Ry 165 Cons Gas IS3
Mich Central ... 108 Com Cable C 0.... 170 j
Minn & St U... 27% Col F & ron 2 4
Do Ist prefd.... 89% Do prefd 70 !
Mo Pacific 37 Gen Electric :.... 404 ■
Mobil" & 0hi0... 2S>4 [iilnols Steel 70
Mo X & T. ....... 12* Laelede Gas ..... r.S
Do prefd ;.. 38^ head Z'M. <
Chi Ind & L. 9% Do prefd .. 112%
Do prefd 13 Not Lin Oil 6
N' J Central 92»£ Pacific Mail 3414
N* V Central US'* Pullman Palace... 18*.
NY Chi & St L..-13V& Sliver Certificates I#U
Do Ist prefd.... 66 ?tand RAT <>% \
Do 2d prefd.... 36V4 Sugar 144V4 '
Nor West ; 15>,i Do prefd ........ 114%
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron .: 32Vi
No Pacific ....... 404 U S leather-. 7% |
Do prefd .... 77V4 Do prefd ........ 72% ;
Ontario & W..... ISI4 US Rubber 4;'.% i
Or R & Nay..;.. 6O',i Do prefd .... i(VJVi
Or Short Line... ZTii Went Union 04%
Plttsburg IC9 !" & N W......... 1.V.-4
Reading 19 j Do { .r"fd 175
Do Ist nrefd '.'..." 4"i J3t L & R W.. , r .>4
Rock Island ...... 106 I Do pr.»fd .:.. J2'4
5t Louis &.S F... liijß G :W...: 31 .
Do Ist prefd..:. 66% IDo prefd : HU
DO . M prefd.... ,|^hl <; W... ........ 1714
St -Paul ...7 114- flaw Com C 0."..." .' 20% ■
Do prefd 158 I . - ;
CLOSING BONDS.
C S new 4s res.: 128 S* Carolina 6a. 126
Do coup 128 Do 4h .......'.'.:. 102
US 45.... 112. No Pac 15t5. ...... 112",*
Do coup ........ 112V4 Do 3s ..........; 674
Do 2ds 5S Do 4s-...- .; 10014
U Sss reg.. 113 VYC& St L 4b. 106
Do 58 c0up...... 113 ' N or & W 65...;..r 122
District 3.6-'s . 117 Northwstrn conn. 141 1 4
Kin class A.. 108 Do deb fis 11!.
Do B 100 *) Nay- lsts..-. 114
Do C 90 0- Nay 4n. ;........ <t!tV4
Do Currency ... 90 IS Line tr..,. 127U
AtchUon 4s ........ Hvi D 8 Line tr.... 107>,{
Do adj <5:......: 72% Do us tr '........" 94%
Can : So 2d5........ 09% Pacific 6s of 05.... 102\4 1
Dhl Term 45....... SO 1 Reading 4s .......; 83Vi |
3 & Ohio 5a 115% <R G W lsts 90%
0 H & D 4%a.... 104% ;3t L & I M C 6s. 99V*
D & R O lsts lllVi |5t L & S F G 6s. 120%
t> &RG 4s 98 St P Con 156%
East Term lsts... 106% 5t P C & P lsts.. 120
Erie Gen 4s 7454 | Do 5s H7'/4
FW & D lsts tr. 77 So Railway 55.... 98%
Gen Elec 5s 10S Stand R& T 65... 77
GH& 6 A 65.... 103 Term new set 35.. 93
Do 2ds 105 Tex PL G lsts... 10S
H & T C 5s 111% I Do Rg 2ds 48%
Do con 6s 108% ilTnion Pac 4s 95%
lowa C lsts 104 Vi G P D & G lsts.. 77%
La new cons 45.. 103 Wab let 5s 111%
L & N Unl 45.... 90% Do 2ds «&%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 10?
M X & T 2ds 65% Va. Centuries TOJ*
Do 4s s«l Do deferred V/»
N X Central lsts. 116>4iWls Cent lsts.... 62V4
N J C 65.... 114 I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12|Ontarlo S 60
Crown Point lOl^phir lz
Con Cal & Va... id Plymouth If
Deadwood 25 Quicksilver 1 2a
3ould & Curry... 10 Do nrefd *50
Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 4o
Homestake 48 00 Standard 145
tron Silver 65 ITnion Con }*
Mexican 10 U'ellow Jacket .... 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ■ Do iref d 105
Call loans 2@3 Westinghouse El. 31%
Time loans a'&4j Do prefd 5i
Stocks— Uoston L 6?
A T & S F 14 !E E Illinois ISa
Amer Sugar 144% | Atchlson prefd ... 36%
Do prefd 115 '3en Elec prefd.... 98
Bay State Gas... 1%1 Bonds-
Bell Telephone... 253 Atchlson 4s 93V4
Boston & Albany. 235 i Mining Shares—
Boeton & Maine.. 164 lAllouei Mm C 0... 4
Chi Bur & Q 11SV4 [Atlantic 28
Fitchburg 104 | Boston & Mont.. 2M
Sen Electric 40%!Butte & Boston.. 24%
Illinois Steel 70»*| Calumet & Hecla. 590
Mexican Central.. 6 | Centennial -Of*
N V & New Eng.. S8 'Franklin 11H*
Did Colony J95 Osceola SSW
Or Short Line.... 36 [Quincy 119
Rubber 45% j Tamarack 174%
Union Pacific 34*! Wolverine 27
West End S'Vibld Dominion 29%
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. Aug. 27— The New York Fi
nancier says this week: The statement of the
associated banks of New York City for the
week ending August 27 shows a shrinkage in
surplus reserve of nearly seven and a half mil
lion dollars, bringing the excess cash down to
$21,344,300, a decrease of forty-one millions since
June 25 last. The statement was about as was
anticipated, reflecting as It does the operations
of the banks with the treasury on bond ac
count. As the settlement hus not yet been com
pleted, and the flow of money from the inter
ior has practically ceased and should give place
shortly to a movement in the opposite direc
tion for crop purposes tiieve seems to be no
doubt that money will harden temporarily. In
fact, indications In this direction are now plen
tiful. But whether an advance in rates will be
of long duration Is doubtful. The money locked
up in the treasury may be counted a reserve
since it can be made available through deposi
tory banks, and the prospect of continued gold
Imports presents Itself the moment that New
York becomes a profitable field for idle capi
tal due this country on balance. The interior
movement has really begun, and the small bal
ance that New York banks gained on account
during the week came from near by cities. One
feature that Is causing embarrassment is the
email supply of legal tenders which the banks
hold, their reserves consisting ol" nearly 75 per
cent gold. Leitals are lower than since 1593,
and the banks need all they hold. This makes
th"c shipment of gold to the Interior Imperative,
and as the operation Is expensive It Is having
a retarding effect. The treasury department
has been appealed to by some advocating the
resumption of gold certificates. This Is not met
with encouragement, but relief has been prom
isej in other ways so that crop money may
begin to move rapidly from now. It is a dis
puted question whether the West will need
as much money a? anticipated for this pur
pose. Until this is definitely known the money
market will be rather uncertain, although firm
er In tone. The current statement has been
influenced by the operations of a few large
banks, one Institution rei«Ttlng near the whole
loss In deposits and almost half the loss In
cash. The st"ck exchange transactions are prob
ably responsible for the loan expansion, but
mercantile demands are a considerable factor.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 27.— Consols. 110 11-16: Silver.
27^d: French Rentes, 103? 72Hc; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Aug 27— Wheat dull; No. 1
Standard California, 6s Sd&Cs 4d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter, dull, 5s
7d; No. 1 red Northern spring, dull, 6s 9'sd.
O 'UN— American mixed, spot, new, steady,
3? S'i'l; August, nominal: September, quiet, 3s
Id: October, quiet. 39 l%d.
FLOUR— St. I-ouls fancy winter, dull, 8s 3d.
HOPS— At London. Pacific Co&st, dull, £2^4.
NEW YORK GRAIN' AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,164 barrels; exports, 8842. Dull and o@loc
lower to sell.
i WHEAT— Receipts, 121,175 bushels: exports,
] 151,339. Market steady; No. 2 red, 73% f. o. b.
! afloat to arrive and spot. Options opened strong
i and higher on advances in cables, accompanied
', by foreign buying. There was unloading and a
i slow reaction, the close being easy at % ; '■<■
1 net advance. No. 2 red May, 67V*c; August,
73tt@73Hc, closed 73% c; September, 6S%@CS%c,
j closed 6S%c.
HOPS— Steady; State common to choice, IMS
i crop, 2@3c; 1896 crop, s@6c; 1897 crop, ll#12c;
i Pacific Coast, 1595 crop, 2@3c; 1&96 crop. D@6c;
' 1897 crop, ll@l2c.
! WOOL— Steady; fleece, 17@23c; Texas. Wgioc.
I COFFEE— Options closed steady unchanged
'to 10 points lower. Sales, 34.500 bags, includ
; ing September, $5 60®5 65. Spot coffee— Rio.
'-■ steady: No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c;
[ mild, steady; Cordova, B@lsc; sales moderate,
i jobbing trade.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 3 11-16 c;
centrifugal, 96 test, VAc; molasses. 3 9-16 c; re
1 fined, strong; mold A, 5%c; standard A, 5%c;
confectioners' A. . >^c; cut loaf. 5%c; crushed,
5 /»c; powdered, 6V*e; granulated, 5%c; cubes,
PIGIRON—DuII; Southern, $S 75@11 &0; North
ern. Jlo@ll 50.
6 LEAD— Steady: brokers', $3 90.
! TINPLATES—
BUTTER— Receipts, 3707 packages. Steady;
; Western dairy. 14V_CM*c: Elglns. 19c.
EGOS— Receipts, 4427 packages. Steady; West
, em, lie. _____
DRIED FRUIT.
! NEW YORK. Aug. 27. — California Dried
i Fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 6@Bc;
! prime wire tray. 9c; choice. 9c; fancy. 9%@10c.
APRIfOTS- Royal. ;,Moorpark, 13316 c.
v PEACHES-Unpeeled, 7-39 c; peeled. 12@16c
CHICAGO GRAIN MAKKET.
CHICAGO, Auk- 27.— Wet weather In En*
lnn.l and iep".rt!« cf failure of the wheat crop
In one of the grain producing provinces of Rus
sia were given as. reasons for the Liverpool
quotations of wheat, showing an advance of
from %d for September to %d for December.
The advance on the other side, where a decline
had been confidently looked for. was the prin
cipal reason for higher prices at the opening
here. Behind the improvement at Liverpool
there was the still abiding cause of anxiety to
short sellers for September In the existing
scarcity of the grain In ; commercial channels.
Comparatively heavy. receipts In tho Northwest
was the qualifying condition of affairs at the
'tart that the bears took comfort from and
prevented any thins like , panic among them
trom the disturbingly small amount of store.
The week's shipments of wheat and flour from
both coasts was reported at 3,563.475. bushels,
compared to 3,085,000 bushels the previous
work. The .total receipts at Western primary
markets waa 733,000 bushels, compared with 1,
182.000 bushels the : year before. September
left off with a gain of. %c and December 54c
higher. - 
, The mood In. corn was somewhat bullish on
claims from Kansas of poor yields because of
heat. Speculation was dull and traders , ap
parently were Inclined to leave deals open for
developments during, the coming week. Sep
tember cloned Uc higher.
Trade In oats wns mnr.tly In the way of
Changing September contracts over Into May,
the Inner holding at 2Vic. premium. : September
left off unchanged to He up.
Support from houses, with English connec
tions, together with denials of the yellow - fe
ver rumors from Texas, . steadied provisions.
Packers bought September ribs and sold Oc
tober.' Pork advanced ~ ; 7'4c, lard and ribs
7Hc. ■ :■:■■ ■'■-■.•: ■ -i:K*, T. ■'■: ' • >'■■<
The leading futures ranged as follows: : :. : ;
I Articles— Open. High. Low. "Close.
Wheat No. 2— . ;
August-...' 67T4 .... .... 67%
September ..v 63 6IH 63Vi «4
December «I*4 61'» 61% 61%
May ............;... 63% f.3% : 63H . C3H
Corn No. 2— , . '
August -30 ■ 30V4 . 29% 30 .
September 30 SOV4 2HTi 30
December .«30V s *<>% 30 30%
May .................. 32%. ■■■ 32V4 3214 ; ; 32%
Oats 2- • "v> V
September "19% 19T4 19% 19%
May ................. 22% 22^4 . 22 22
' MeBS ' Pork, per barrel— * '■'
September 8 80 ■';•" " 8 85 8 80 8 85
October ..............8 R2V4 ; 885 8 824 885
December ::::.. 8 87V6- 8 92^4 8 87% 8 92%
■ Lard, per 100 pounds— ■':.:'. ' ■■:'."■
September' ..........5 10 i 6 12,4 5 07^ 5 12V-
October .:..... ......5 12H:j 5 17Vi 5 12V4 5 17'/-
December ..:..:.5 17Vi 5 22 % 6 17V4 a 22%
■ Short ' Ribs, per ; 100 pounds— ■' \ •'■■•••
September .;.'.. 5 17V4 525 C IVA 525
October .........:.. . 5 17H 525 " 5 17V4 525
. Cash quotations were': as follows: Flour
j stead)-: special brands, $4 75; hard patents.
$3 75&4; soft patents, $3 70@3 80; hard straits,
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
$3 30@3 40; soft straits, $3 10@3 20; No. 2 spring
wheat 63@65c; No. 3 spring wheat, 61@63c; No.
2 red 69c; No. 2 corn, 30>-i@3o%c ; No. 2 oat
20% c; No. 2 white. 23@24%c; No. 3 white. 21®
24c; No. 2 rye. 44c; No. 2 barley. 440; No. 1
fiaxseed. 88% c; prime timothy seed. $2 52%;
mess pork, per bbl. $8 85@8 90; lard, per 100 lbs.
$5 10(25 12%; short ribs sides (loose). $5 10@555;
dry salted shoulders (boxed). »4 50@4 75; short
clear Bides (boxed), $5 50(85 60.'
Articles- ~ Receipts. Shipments;
Flour, bbls • 8,800 6,000
Wheat bush 106.000 92.500
Corn bush 409.000 6W.400
oat"; bu5h .::::::.:.... 658.6<x> 545.600
Rye, bush 16.200 •'•,"_£
Barley, bush .41.000 l.*oo
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@17c; dairies.
12<gl7c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 12c. ,. Cheese, un
changed. ■
WHEAT MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
_as-»: Bushels. Bushels.
Mfnne^oHs 201.750 68.040
Duluth 177. 109.266
Milwaukee 32.500 25,000
Chlcaeo ....:. 105,077 92,527
Toedo "...... -126.609 . 122.000
st ole^uis-::::::::.::............ 67 000 36,000
I Detroit ! • .... 301 3.795
Kansas City "i. V_«_800 100-500
Totals 861,115 557.123
Tidewater— ■• '■ ' .;/'.'
N^°?ork-;-::v:::;::::::::::m:f ....... |
New York 121,175 15 J'Hx I
Philadelphia 10.961 2,, 20 \
Baltimore .;...... 77,401 ......
New Orleans '°°°
Galveston ■ 27.600 ______
Totals .............279,860 210,059
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
Wheat- ' Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 6% <> *7»
Closing -. • ••••
PARIS FUTURES.
w)IMt — _ c __ Nov.-Feb.
\> neat — _ c OA _ dn
Opening M 90 44 60
Closing "... •
Opening" ....-« 70 28 90
Closing
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET. .
. CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 27.— CATTLE— The few
offerings of Cattle that came on the market
' to-day were In poor demand and prices ruled
! 10@15c lower than a week ago. Choice steers,
! $5 20@5 60; medium, $4 65<§>4 86; beef steers. $4 15
I ©4 60; bulls, $2 45@4 20: cows and heifers. $3®
4 45; calves. $4@7 25; Western rangers. ?3@4 75;
i Western fed steers. $4 10®5 25; Texans, . $3 60«
HOGS-Llght supply of Hogs and a vigorous
1 demand for choice offerings forced a further
! rise of 6c. Coarse heavy lots sold badly. Fair
ito choice. $3 90©5 10; packers $3 o@3 57%.
butchers'. $3 65©4 10: mixed, *3 65<g>4 10; light.
$3 70.^4 20: pigs, $3@4. -
I SHEEP— run of Sheep was largely con-
I signed to the slaughtering concerns, and prices
! remain unchanged. Poor to choice natives. J2 m
I©4 75: Western rangers, $3@4 50; lambs,
I ?3 Receipts— Cattle. 800; Hops, 17.000; Sheep,
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 27.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 60. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 3000. Lights firm; others
steady. Bulk of sales, $3 70@3 SO; heavies, $3 75
«?3 90; packers $3 65(gi3 80; mixed. $3 60@3 SO;
lights, $3 65(g580; yorkers, $3 75@8 80; pigs, $3
©^ 70.
— Receipts, 1000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 75@5 75; muttons. $3@4 40.
' OMAHA
OMAHA, Neb.. Aug. CATTLE— Receipts.
900. Market slow; weaker. Native beef steers.
$4 40@5 30: Western steers, $4@4 50; Texas
steers. $3 68@4 25; cows and heifers. $3 30<3>4 40;
stockers and feeders. $3 70®4 60; calves, $4®
6 25; bulls, stags, etc., $2 25®4.
HOGS— Receipts, 3200. Market light, steady;
others 2>£c lower. Heavy, $3 60® 3 75: mixed,
$3 60@3 70; light. $3 56@3 80; bulk of sales, 13 65
(S3 76.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 75<£4 60; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 30; common, $3@4; lambs, $4
<84 75.
DENVER.
DENVER. Aug. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts. 800.
Market, firm; beef steers, $3 80@4 50; cows, $3®
4; feeders, freight paid to river. $3 78@4 40;
stockers do, $3 90@4 60; bulls and stags, $2 50
S3 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market, firm. Light
packers, $3 75<g3 SO; mixed, $3 70®3 75: heavy,
$3 Co®3 80. *
— Receipts, none. .; Market unchanged.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— The Evening Post's
London fi-nancial cablegram says: Considering
that the settlement Is to begin on Monday next
the stock market here to-day was decidedly
firm. Americans were again notably strong,
the feature being the rise In Wabaah. Union
Pacific and Denver and Rio Grande aharew. It
is expected that the settlement will show a
much larger account in Americans, the amount
carried for Uerlln being decidedly large. Con
tanKoes, however, probably will be light, be
cause of eaj>y money. The strength of Brazils
nnd Argentines continues. Silver Is lower. It
Is said In good quarters that the Spanish orders
have come to an end for the present, Spain
having Imught over 10,000 pounds of silver. So
much speculation is going on in silver, how
ever, that all reports are unreliable.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 88%; Grand Trunk. 7%.
Bar Silver, quiet. 27% d. Money, % per cent.
PARIS, Aug. 27.— Spanish 4s closed 41. 80.
MADRID, Aug. 27.— Spanish fours closed at
67. D0.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 27.— Imports of dry goods
and general merchandise at New York for the
week ending to-day were valued at $6,613,603:
exports for the week from New York of gold
were $443,844; sliver, $1, 076,211.
Imports of gold were JR39.774; of silver, $64,224.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 27.— Exchanges,
$139,425; balances, $31,894.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Ore., Aug. 27.—WHEAT—Nomi
nal; Walla Walla, 53@54c; vajley and blue
stem, 67c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 27.— Export for club. He;
milling for blue stem, ec^lc.
LOCAL. MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — )4 84H
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 iC/i
Sterling Cables — 4 86^4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
New York Exchange, sight — 17V4
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 48 46H
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
The Ardencrnig takes for Cape Town 70,538
ctls. valued at $88,200; Drumblalr, for Liver
pool, 19,418 ctls, at $24,000.
Futures showed; some recovery, but the spot
market remained stationary.
1 Pr.ot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10@l 12%: milling.
U ITH^I 22Mr-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session--!* o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, $112%; 6000. $1 12%; 8000, $1 13; 2000,
$1 13%. -. :
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls, $1 14;
6000, $1 14%: 44,000, $1 14%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 3o,ooo
ctls. $1 14%; 28.000, $1 14Vi; 26,000, $1 14%; 30,000,
$1 14%. ■. - . - . '
BARLEY— Feed Is dull at unchanged prices.
There Is ; nothing doing- in Brewing and the
quotations are accordingly nominal. - * ;-."■?,
Feed, $1 12%@1 17%: Brewing nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No, sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning ■ December— 2ooo
ctls, $1 13%; 2000, $1 13%: 12,000. $i 13%. ? -
OATS — There Is nothing going on to change
prices, one way or another. .-. Offerings are mod
erate. Fancy Feed, %l 25 per ctl ; good to choice,
$1 3601 22%; common, $1 12%@1 17%: ' Surprise,
$1 So@l 32%: Gray, $1 17'i®l 22%; milling, $1 22%
@l 26 per ctl.' >v ■■*-■:.---■■ ■■•:•..■■. —. .;■;;■.--; •"-?.-:••. •>.-.-■;-.-.■;• :.,-.
" CORN— - continues ; slack and prices
ii re unchanged. Small round '" yellow, $1 25:'
Eastern large yellow. $1 10@l 12%; white, $1 10®
1 20: mixed. $1 Or,isJl 07% per ctl.
. RYE— sl l'.@l 17% per ctl. -: : "
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7G@l 85 per ctl. ;
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FI.OTTR— Family extras, $4 40(#4 60; bakers'
extras. W 1T.04 25 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks, are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. »3 2;> per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. U 2u; Oat Groats,
$4 50- Hominy, $3 2i<&3 50; Buckwheat Flour, ft
®4 2D; Cracked AVhcat. $3 75; Farina. $4 60;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 f,O; Rolled Oats (bar
ley) $5 Bf<®6 2.">; In sacks, Jo 65@8 05; Pearl
Barley. »">: Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, )4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay receipts from all sources were over 1200
tons, and the market was soft In consequence,
though prices showed no change. Feedstuffs
stood the same.
i'.RAN— sls F.O@lf. per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIBO2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oltcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32(332 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal. $2S@3O per ton: Cornmeal, J23®23 50;
Cracked Corn. $24@24 60.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $17@18 for
good and $14® 1C for lower grades; no fancy
coming In; Wheat and Oat, $14 50©16 50; Oat,
$13 f.0@16; Barley, ; Island Barley. $12@13.
Alfalfa, $12@13; Stock, $11@12 50; Clover, nomi
nal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, $IS®l4 60; Oat, $12@13 50; Cheat $11®
13; Timothy, $11 50@13 50; Alfalfa, $11©11 50
per ton.
STRAW— 4O@«Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Shipment of 3030 ctls of Beana. Including 1585
ctls of Llmas. to Liverpool. The market shows
no change whatever.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 85@2 70; Small Whites,
$2@2 16; Large Whites. $1 75@1 90; Pinks. $2 25
@2 30; Reds, $2 60@2 75; Blackeye $8 15@3 25;
Butters, nominal; Llmas. $3@3 15: Pea, $1 90®2;
Red Kidneys. $2 60<&2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25®4 76 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 25; Flax, nominal, $2®
2 10; Canary Seed, 2ft@2%o per 1b; Alfalfa,
from Utah, 5%c; Rape, 2%@2%0; Hemp, 2%®3c;
Timothy. s@s^c.
DRIED PEAS— NIIe«, $1 75@1 90; Green. $2 25
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There Is no scarcity in any description and
quotations are generally unchanged. .
' POTATOES — 40<3>SOc In sacks for Early Rose
and 45@70c ' in sacks and 60c<S$l '. in boxes
(or Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 76c@$l 15;
Sweet Potatoes, 2@2}ic per It). •"--,■
■ ONIONS— per ctl for' yellow. - Pickle
Onions. 75c(&Sl per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3c: String
Beans, I<Zj>24c per Lima Beans, 2@3c; Bay
Squash, g&QSOc; Green Peppers. 35(1*500 • for
Chile and 40@50c for Bell; ■ Cabbage, : 50c per
ctl; Carrots, 30g)50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
25@35c; Pickles, $1 60@l 65 for No. 1 and 76c@$l
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 20'g30c; Bay
Tomatoes, 25<g40c ; Green Corn. 50@S5c per sack
for Vacavllle, 75c©'$l 25 per crate for Alameda,
60@G5c for Berkeley; Garlic. 2@2%c per Ib:
Green Okra, SOSCSc; Egg Plant, 25<g!40e per
box; Marrowfat Squash, $15 per ton.
EVAPORATED TEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per Ib in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
dessicated, 16<gU8c: granulated. raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of; Eastern fall duo the early part
of the week. .
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, : ia@lSc for Gob
blers and 12%@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 26@1 50; Goslings, $1 60@l 75; Ducks, $3@3 50
for old and $2 oO®4 50 for young; Hens, $4@5;
Roosters, young, |5@6; Roosters, old, $4@4 50;
Fryers. %i 50; Broilers. $3 50<g>4 for large, $2 50®
3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
young and $1 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal. a
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eastern Eggs continue to be freely offered at
the decline. The local product Is unchanged.
Cheeee is doing better. Butter is about the
same, creamery being steady and dairy easy
and dull.
BUTTER— ■:<-, '- i-
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 24@25c; sec
onds, 23c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@22}ic; common
grades, 17V»@20c I
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18® Me; pickled roll,
21i&22%c; creamery tub, 20@22c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13@1640 i per
lb; Elgin. 22@23c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@llc; old, 84@
9Hc; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
lOVifillHc; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 21@25c per dozen; store
Eggs, 14@17V»c; Eastern, 14@16c for ordinary
and 17@18c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Peaches show signs of doing better. Stocks j
are smaller and receipts are decreasing. There j
is little change in prices yet. however. Pears
are still stiff and in eager demand. Plums are
steady at the improvement. '
Grapes and Melons continue dull and In good
supply. Figs are in more liberal ' receipt and
lower.
Lemons have again declined.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
• Strawberries. $3@4 per chest for large and
Figs. °50(ff60c for white and 50<3>75c for black,
Figs. EOpBBu for white and 50<3>75c for black,
double layers. „.;
Cantaloupes, 60c@$l per crate; Nutmegs. 25®
60c per box: Watermelons. $15(320 per 100 for
large and $5-312 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, s@6c per lb.
Red Nectarines. 40@65c; White Nectarines, 35
@50c per box. _ , ■
White Grapes. 25@40c per box; Black Orapes.
25050 c; Muscats. 4('<fi6Oc; Seedless, .sc; Tokay.
50565 c; crates sell about 10c higher than boxes;
Isabellas, $1 2501 50 per crate.
Blackberries, $204 per chest. _ ■
Plums 25«f00c-per crate and 2O@Goc per box;
in bulk, $10©15 per ton.
Peaches, 50© 65c per box for good to choice
and ZS&4OC for common stock; clings. $20<St>0
per ton; freestones, J20@35. ,
Crabapples. tS©6Oc per box. -
Raspberries. Jo@7 per chest. . . ■ _ 
Apples, 35ig60c ■ for common, ' 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice. ■-- ■• "■■;^^
Bartlett Pears, $1 25®1 50 per box and »40®50
per ton for No. 1 and 50®75c per box and J25<535
per ton for ripe and rnf-rior stock." 1-*'-'1 -*'-' ""
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Sl^l 50 for Va
lencia* $\t&l 25 for St. Michaels, 7Sc<Qsl for
Mediterranean Sweets and 50®75c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $1 &o®2 50 for common and $3^4 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, $10; Califor
nia Limes, 7Sc(s>sl 50: Bananas. $1 25<&2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
dried FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, etc.
Shipment of 2726 pounds Beeswax, valued at
$700, and 100 cases Honey, at $775. to Liver
pool. York advices report more tone to Prunes,
New York advices report more tone to Prunes,
with a slight increase in the demand. The
other fruits are firm, and most kinds are
higher. The whole market shows an upward
tendency.
DRIED FRUIT— New Prunes, >%Ot%C for the i
four sues; old Prunes, carload lots, o.'tfs>4c for :
40-50*8, 4406 c for 50-60>. 3%@4c for CO-70's. 3V»© i
3Uc for 70-80' «. M4OIO for SO-SO' 2*fl4c for
90-100's; new Peaches, 7?4@SM;C for choice and
9@loc for fancy; new Apricots, Of 1 1 1 c for
Royals and 15@174c for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples, 6H®7c; sun dried, 3@4c: Black Figs,
sacks, 2'Q'2 l iic; new Plums, s©6c for pitted and
I©l%c for unpltted; new Nectarines, 611 7e for
prime to fancy; Pears, SO6c for quarters and
3^."'.i' for halves, according to color, etc. ; new
rears. 7@74 C for quarters and "ii@loc for
halves.
ItAI.SINS—2@2V4c for two-crown, 2'/4(g;2»ic for
three-crown, 3!534c for four-crown, ■ 3@4c ' for
Seedless Sultanas. 2H©3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $I@l 15 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c. - '<
— Walnuts, new. 6c for nardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almonds, 3#4c for hardshell,: 6@7c for
softshell; B!4@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
s%c ' for Eastern and 4'-ic for California; Pe
cans, 6%©Sc; Filberts, 9H@loc; Brazil Nuts,
84i9c per tb; Cocoanuts. $4 r.o®s per 100.
HONEY— Comb. !»@loc for bright and 6!37c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, s^4®
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@sHc per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Quotations remain without change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. BM-c per lb for
heavy, 9c for light medium, lOVic for light, lie
for extra light and 12Vi@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern augur cured Hams, lOHfJTIIc; Califor
nia Hams, Mess Beef, Jlo@lo 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $1101160; Family Beef,
$12iiT12 £.0; extra prime Pork. ?10; extra clear,
118018 60; mess. *I£> iO<&/18; Smoked Beef, ll(&12c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 7Vlc for pure; palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c per lb for compound and 7c
for pure; half barrels. 7^c; lU-lb tins. 8c; 6-lb
tins, BVic-
COTTOI-.ENE— Tierces, 6%@6%; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls. 60 In a case. 9Vic:
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case, BHc; 10-lb palls. 6 In a case, SHe: 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, T%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, Btyc; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags. 6%c; salted Kip. S^c; Calf,
9c- dry Hides, sound. Ibc; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip » nil Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17@18c;
Goatskins, 27H<S30c; medium, 30c; winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 15i3>25c each; short
wool, 30'5/40c each: medium. 60'efSOo; long wool,
90cfi$l 10 each; Horsehtdes, salt, $2 2fi for
large and Jl'gU 75 for small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $1 75 for large an<i 75c@$l 25 for
small: Colts, oOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%c per Ib; No. 2,
2%c: rrfined. 4%<ff4%c: Grease, ir.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7®loc;
free Northern. 9®l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months'. Stgllo: San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months'. S(i?10c: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12(S!4c: Foothill and Northern,
d-rectlve 10<?T12c: Middle County, 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino. l4UT'lfic; Nevada. VM?l4c;
Eastern Oregon. 10®12c: Valley Oregon. 15lffl7c.
HOPS— IS9B crop, 10@12Vic; 1897 crop, B<Bloc
per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta \ Grain " Bags. ; <%<:; -Wool
Bags. 26@28c:; San Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit
Bags, sc, ."He and 5%c for the three grades of
white and 7@Sc for brown. .
':■}, COAL — Wellington, ,$8 per ton: New . Wel
lington. $8: Southfleld Wellington. :$7 50; ! Seat
tle. $6: -' Bryant, $6; -Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland,^ $13 in bulk and $14 60 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Erk. $14: Can
nel. $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7.60: Coke. :■ $12 : per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks. ■'":■. *■ ■■'-*.■-•..•■ ■..'• ■'•■ ; "- : , - '" ' ■■ "- " "■■-.-..- --■-.
*! CANNED • GOODS— Shipment of 42,885 .- cases
fruit and * 200 cases * asparagus to Liverpool. : ; |
r SUGAR— The Western '■ Sugar : Refining Com
pany quotes.'" terms ; net cash : -,- Cube, Crushed
and ' Fine Crushed, s 7c: ' Powdered, 6^c; Candy
Granulated, f «c; ; Dry ' Granulated, : 5%c : ■ Confec- -
tioners' A. 5%c; Magnolia A, 5Hc:- Extra C,
5%c ; Golden C, C%c ; California A. 5%c per Ib ;
half barrels. %c . more ; than barrels, and ( boxes
%c more. :.-,'- . ; ... ' r
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
, A further Improvement In Hogs 1b noted. The
other descriptions are as before. "■
.•;: Wholesale rates p for l v dressed j ) stock • from
slaughterers areas follows:' '. •".'- :■-.•■ :
BEEF— First T t quality. A 6Hc ; second quality,
6H®6c: third quality,; 4%@BHc ':■ ;
% VEAL— Large.' 4®sc; small, j 6©70 per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@7c: Ewe*. «©64 c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7V®Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@40 for large,
for medium and 3>4@34c for email; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs, 54@64c
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCH.
For Saturday. August 27.
Flour, qr sks ... 10. 150, Hay, tona 1.1*7
Wheat, ctls 2.645 IWool. bale* 183
Barley, ctla 8.825 Pelts, bdU 95
Cheese, ctls 28iHides. no 237
Butter, ctls 415 Eggs, dor 5,130
Potatoes, sks ... 2,877 Leather, rolls ... 225
Onions, ska 1.077 Lumber, ft 60,000
BiHn. sks 1.195 Wine, gals 53.900
Middlings, iks .. 300 Lime, bbls 201
OREGON.
Oats, ctls I.63siHay. tons *>
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10!
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities wers active la«t week and
fluctuations were pronounced In some in
stances, notably Oceanic Steamship, wbila the
sugar stocks, always favorites among the
operators, moved about more or less. The mar
ket yesterday was rather easy, with a fair
business for Saturday. Hutchlnson advanced
to $57 75.
Mining stocks continue dull and unchanged.
The Andes assessment falls delinquent In
board to-morrow and the Bavaga delinquent
sale takes place also.
The Victor Gold Mining Company has de
clared a dividend No. 52 of 50 cents a share,
payable September 1, being the regular quar
terly dividend of 15 cents a share, together with
an extra dividend of 35 cents a share. Divi
dends declared to date. $1,055,000.
The National Consolidated Mining Company
of Shasta County has levied an assessment of
10 cents per share, delinquent October 8.
The Yellow Aster Mining Company of Cali
fornia has declared a dividend o* $35,000, pay
able Immediately.
The War Eagle Mining Company of British
Columbia has declared a dividend of 2^ cents
per share, amounting to $24,750, payable im
mediately.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Aug. XI— 10:30 a. m.
Bid.Ask Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 9* —
<s quar coup.. 1114112% Oakland Gaa.. 51% 61%
4s quar reg...11l 112 Pac Gas Imp.. SBH 89"4
4s quar new. ..127 128 Pac L Co — «
Is new 1(M%105% -i F G & E... 8»H 90
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3* 3H
•'al-st Cab 55. 115 115% Stockton Gas.. II —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance-
C C Wat 55...1u0 — Firem a Fund. 2oo 207V4
Dup-st ex c... - 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 130 131 V* Anglo-Cal .... « 64
F & Cl Rv 6».. 11G Hank of Ca1.. 246 247V4
Geary-: t R ss. 93 100 Cal SD & T.. I' 697
H C & S -ii-is.lOO 105 First Nat 203 -
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. ...1284 —
Do gntd 65.. 98 100 Mer Exchange 14 15
Uarket-st 65.. 126% — Nev Nat 8....160 —
Do Ist M 55..115V16 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s lsts - 974 Ger 6 4 L ,..1»?0 l«50
V C NGKy 7s. 104 106% Hum S & L.lOaO 1160
NRy <".il «s..HO 112 Mutual Say. — 424
S Ry Cal 55.. 1044104% S F Say U.. 490 600
NPC R R 65. 103 105 S& L 50.... — 98
NPC R R f>s. — 101 Security SB. 300 —
N Cal R R ss. - - Union TCo 1000 -
Oak Gas 55.... 101 - Street Railroad-
Do 2d is ss. .110 - California ....106 1074
Om Ry 6s 1274129 Geary 40 -
P & O Gf. 1134-*- Market-st 54 54%
P & Cl Ry 6a.104410»H I'resldlo 84 —
Powell-st 65... 118 125 Powder—
Reno V/L&L..100 — California ■•••130 180
Sac El Ry 58.100 — E Dynamite... S6 95
JF &N P ss. 1094 - Jlant Con Co. 49% 49%
SierraßCaJ 6s. — 103 vMgorit 2 3
sPof Ar 65..10S 10S% Miscellaneous—
S p Cal 6« 110 — M Pac A«sn.. 99Vi 994
SPC Is eg 65.. 102 — Ger Ld Wk5..125 —
3 p nr 6s 117 — 4ana P C 0.... 15% 15H
S V Wat 65...113H — H C & S Co.. 26S 26V 4
9 V Wat 45...102%103 Hutch S P Co. 67*» 68
Stock Gas 65.. 103 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Water Stocks— Nat Vln C 0... — J
"ontra Costa.. 52 — Oceanic S Co. 574 58
Marln Co 60 - Pacific AFA. - 24
Kprtng Valley. 59% — Pac Bot C 0... .100 104
Gas A Electric— Par Paint Co. 7 —
Cent Gaslight. 105 —
Morning Session.
10 Alaska Packers* Association 99 50
60 Giant Powder Con 49 *>
100 do «do 498754
SOHana Plantation Co 15 oO
35" Hawaiian Commercial " Sugar 26 50
25 do do 2*624
60 Hutchinson S P C 0........ "> 25
25 do do 57 uO
100 do do f_ '•>
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 5i 50
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 .a
6.", Spring Valley Water ................. 99 37>*
Street— . •
80 Hana Plantation Co 15 60
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornlns Session.
20 Presidio, Railway C 0..:......'......... 900
105. Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...".. 26 75
So Giant Powder ..;.. 49 25
10 Oceanic Steamship Co .....; 57 25
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
. Mornins: Session.
700 Justice .......... 13 200 Yellow Jacket... 15
500 Seg Belcher .... 02!
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
. Morning; Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 14 1 400 Justice 16
300 Challenge Con.. 14 |>00 17
»00 Chollar 15:500 ...:i8
»0 Con Cal & Va.. 34200 15
1000 Con New York. 03>500 Potosl II
300 Mexican 121500 Savage 11
300 Ophlr 17,200 Union Con 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Aug. 27-12 m.
Bid.Ask. | Bld.Ask.
Alpha — "4 I Julia — 02
Alta 12 13 Justice 15 16
Andes 02 03 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 14 15 Lady Wash ... — 01
Benton Con ... — 11 Mexican 13 14
Best & Belcher 13 15 Occidental 52 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 17 19
Caledonia ...... 20 21 Overman ....... 05 06
Chollar 14 li Potosl 14 15
Challenge Con. 12 14 Savage 10 11
Confidence 3S « Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. 34 35 Se Belcher .. — 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 64 55
Crown Point .. 10 12 Silver Hill .... — 15
Con New York. 03 — Syndicate ...... — 03
Eureka Con ... — U Standard .......1 SO 155
Exchequer 02 04 Union Con ..... 17 IS
Gould & Curry. 14 15 Utah ........... 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. — 80. Yellow Jacket. 15 16
MINING STOCKS.
. ■ — — - •
Highest prices oi «tocks during the week:
Nam« of Stock.
M. I T. !W. j T. | F. | 3.
04 03 03 03 041....
15 14 14 11 10 13.
04 03 03 03 03 02
14 '.-' 11 12 12 15
16 IB 13 13 12 14
02 02 021 "2 02 02
20 19 19 19 20 20
14 14j 181 13 12 12
17 17 16 161 14 15
41 40 36 36| 33 34
37 38 35 35 35 38
12 121 10 12 11 11
16 14 14 13 12 14
75 80 75
09 11 14 13 21 19
15 14| 13 13 12 13
22 21 1 IS 17 16 17
041.. ..1 04 08 03 06
60 »0| 501 80 53 52
17 17| 16 15 15 14
11 10 10 10 10 11
0» ; 02
1 40|l 40 1 50 1 50 1 50 1 50
60 1 GO 68 55 50 54
22 23 19 17 17 17
05 05 05 05] 05 0."
19' 18 17| 15! I.". 15
Alpha •"••'•
Alta •—
Andes
Belcher ...
Best & Belcher
Bullion .......
Caledonia ••
Challenge •
Chollar •
Con Cal & Vo
Confidence
Crown Point ......■...'..
Gould & Curry...
Hale & Norcross....
Justice ••••
Mexican
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental ' ..............
Potosl ♦
SavHKe ..:. ..V..'.v..
Reg Belcher.
Standard
Sierra Nevada ..........
Union '....;.."...... ..
Utah :.......
Yellow Jacket
THE CALL CALENDAR.
August, 1838.
Tu.
I
We
j 3
Moon* Pl«»«*.
4
II
I
/»>' Pull MOOI.
©Pal 1 . Moo >.
\&/, AngTißtl.
'to. : AuyratS.
/Sv~. New Mooa. :
W Autrnpt IT.
-jk First Quarter.
9 > August 24 :
©Ful. con.
V 4 /, Ataruat 31.
It
it
16
"a"
16
23
'A
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, U
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th« high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street : whftrO about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort 1 «mi.
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
:;, : SUNDAY. AUGUST, 28. :
Sun? rises *" — ■ — ■"-*■" pr ,M
Sun rises v
Sun sets ■' V £' ". ™
Moon sets ..:......:.... — • irOS^jn.
2:42
8:31
4:15
4:57
6:38
[ W
0:11
1:05
— 0.!
— O.i
— 0.
— 0.
9:55 '
10:31
11:06
11:40
12:10
L. W
6:16 ■
6:52
* 4.5 ';«::
4.8 3::
6.1 4:
6.3 s:<
6.4 5:!
HA
• 0.9 12:
1.8 l:
i::
3.
4:
s:<
5:!
8:31
S:3l
10:27
11:20
6.8
6.9
6.8
6.7
I.
1
0.9
0.9
NOTE-In th« above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given -In the- left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives the second tld* .of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there arc but
three tides, as sometimes occur. - The heights
given are additions to the  "oundings on tne
United States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus sign (-) P'?<* dP » tn « he £ h m
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the deDth riven by the charts. The plane or
reference is the moan of the lower low waters.
STEAMBRS TO ARRIVE-
From. .
ir1zaba......... Humboldt • .•• Aug. 28
fnrßo B aV::::j|aT£, y o •:::: a«j ; »
illllllilii
[ueneme Portland • £JJ«-£J
zarina Seattle auk' 31
oos Hay Newport Aug • £
rcata .. Coo» Bay Any 11
ihi1kat... ...'.... Humboldt ...— U *- 3
.capulco Panama....... Sept. 1
•0rt1and.. ...... St. Michae1............... Sept. 1
recent City... Crescent City Sept. 1
lacklnaw Tacoma |epi. l
•0m0na......... San Diego ,hept- 2
«kme Honolulu Sept. 3
tateCaltfornia Portland Sept. *
romer ........ Newport • Sept. 4
»u£n ........ Victoria & Pu»et Sound Sept. 4
rational City. .[Oregon Ports Sept. 4
BTEAMERS TO BAIU
Steamer. Destination. Sails. 1 «f«
tate of Cat Portland. Aug. 2S. 10 am, Pier 12
,-cc Dollar! Oregon Ports. Aug. 2S, 8 am, Per 20
k-alla WallJVlc & Pgt Bd. Aug. 29. 10 am Pier • »
an Juan... Panama Aug. 29. 12 ™JPMSS
[omer Newport Aug. 29, am Per 11
■rlzaba .... Humboldt .... Aug. 30. 10 ampler ■»
anta RosalSan Diego....! Aug. 31. 11 am Pier 11
ustrnlla ..IHonolu'.u ISept. 1. 2 pm.Pler 7
olumbia ..Portland (Sept. 2. 10 am [Pier 12
rcata Coos Bay ISept. 2, 10 am I Pier 13
oos Bay. ..Newport Sept. 2, 9am Pier U
hllkat 'Humboldt ....'Sept. 2, 10 am ' Pier 13
(elglc ' Chi na& Japan; Sept. 3. 1 pmIPMSS
'matllla . . . Vie & Pgt Sd. Sept. 3. 10 amPler 9
omona ...JSan Diego Sept. 4. 11 am, Pier 11
Steamer.
I Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. August
27. 1898.
Th« time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bi'llclng was dropped at exactly -iion to-day—
1..ie., at noon of the 120 th meridlai, or at 8
p m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING 1 TELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, August 17.
Aub stmr Siam, Raach, 90 hours from Na
nalmo.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, 8 days 15
hours from Honolulu.
Stmr Homer. Je?sen, 75 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Ship Occidental, Bennett, 11 days from Seat
tle
Bark Edward May, Backus, 9 days from Seat-
Bary Ceylon, Calhoun. 15 days frqm Seattle.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing. _
Schr Sadie, Smith, 9 days from Grays Har-
Sc.hr Sequoia, Thwlngr. 44 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Schr Bella. Smith. 4 days from Lsal.
Schr S Danielson. Crangle, 24 hours from
New Haven.
Schr General Banning, Thomas, S8 days from
San Bias.
CLEARED.
Saturday, August 27.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, Pan Diego; Goodall,
Perkins * Co.
Stmr TUlamook. Doran. St Michael; Beadle
Bros.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, Astoria;
Go«..lall. Perkins & Cn.
Bark Mohican, Saunders. Honolulu; Welch &
Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, August 27.
Stmr Aloatraz, Carlson.
Stmr Pomona. Debney, San Diego and way
P °Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Cleone. Miller. Albion.
Stmr National City. Andresen, Portland.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlngr. Fort Bragg.
T' S stmr Scandia, Hart, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. Eureka.
Br ship Drumblair. Armstrong. Liverpool.
Br ship Ardencraig. Trask. Cape Town.
Fr bark Canrobrrt. Boju : Iqulque.
Schr Volant. Krog, Nehalem River.
Schr Ivy. Simonds, Coos Bay.
Schr Western Home Nilssnn. Goos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Auk 27—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, W; velocity 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Creedmoor loads lumber on the Sound for
the River Platte. t>2s 6d; Reporter, lumber at
Grays Harbor for Guaymas.
SPOKEN.
April 14— Lat 41 N. long 129 W, ship Clarence
S liement, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
July 2!>— Lat 14 N, long 29 W, Ger ship Peter
Rickmers. from Oregon, for Queenstown.
June 24— Lat X S, long 63 W. Br ship Rajore,
from London, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 26— Br stmr Mo
gul, from i >rpgon.
SYDNEY— Arrived Aug 28— Br stmr Warrl
moo, from Vancouver.
Per Occidental— Aug 23 off Point Arena— Bark
Ceylon, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 26— Br ship Cambrian
Hills, from Shanghai.
UANDON— Arrived Aug 27 — Schr Barbara
Hernster. hence Aug 24.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Aug 27— Schr Azalea, for
Eureka.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 27— Br ship Tola, fm
Hongkong; Br ship Rockhurst. from Yokohama.
TATOOSH— Pnssed Aug 27— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Aug 24, for Tacoma.
Passed Aug 27— Ship J B Brown, from Na
nalmo. for Honolulu.
EUREKA- Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco; stmr Bonlta. for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 27— Schr Meteor, frm
San Pedro.
Sailed Aug 27— Schr Peerless, for San Pe
dro.
NEAH BAY— Passed Aug 27— Ship Yosemtte,
hence Aug 6. for Port Townsend; Br stmr Bris
tol, hence Aug 24. for Departure Bay.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Progreao,
from St Michael; s>chr Honoipu, hence Aug 8.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Aug 27— Stm Whites
boro, hence Aug 2fi.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 27— Stmr
Alcnzar. for .
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 27— Schr
Vega, hence Aup S.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORF.— SaiIed Aug 26— Ship Standard
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ST MICHAELS (Azores)— Aug 26— The Bi
ship Phllomene, from Baltimore, for Honolulu,
will discharge half of cargo, it being heated;
also will be resurveyerl.
CAPE TOWN— \rrived Aug 8— Ital ship
Emnnuele Accama. hence April 24.
Sailed Aug 6— Nor bark Ellora, for Sydney, i
EAST LONDON— Arrived Aug I— Br bark
Pass of Leny. from Oregon. Aug 3— Br ship
Pass of Killtecrankle. from Tacoma
ALGOA BAY— Sailed Aug 25— Br bark Iredale,
for Noumea.
COLON— Sailed Aug 25— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
■ THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars :
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car* .
% : ,"!- ; ; Run on the Following Time i \.
l*ave Ban Franclaco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.I,
>rriv«jl>enTer.; ;..... 5:00 p. m., W. T.F.S. S. M.T.
Arrive ' Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T. W. ! -
Arrive St. 5 l»uli r. 8:15 p." m. . T.F.5. 9. M.T. W.
Arrive Chicago 1:00 p.m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo • Superior- - Meals at Very Reason*
■>- able Rate*. ; .v
yoil WILL BE COMFORTABLE
ii , If You .Travel on ' the Santa Pa,
m mum TicsnimcE — ia market a
TELEPHONE MAIN 15*1.
, •ftklud Offioe— lllB Broadw&y.
- : S&eramento Offioe— 2ol J Streei
1 Jom Qffioe-7 Wejt_B|nt» Glut
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
■OVTIIKBN rACiriC COMPAHT.
T. v ■ (PACirIU BTATKIf.)
MM i..,, awl ».•*..« 4o s»rrl»» ••
man nunnwo.
: (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
- Fr.ou Juiv 10, 1898. — AR * T Z^
'•fIiOOA Ulles. 8«i Joee and W»y Stations... I*'***
7.00 a Benicia. Huisun and Sacramento.. . . 10543 a
7H»Oa M»rysTllle,OroTlUeaud Redding Tla 8 . 45?
Woodland .....:.. •-•• — B,m
7:O*x Elmira. Vacarille ft'nd Biwnsey^. .. .. 8«43*
7»8«» a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo. Nap*,
, iWUtol^Md Santa R05*.. ....... • ]»'
SiOOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeii and Kast.. 9i**r
h.IIUa Ha.. Jo.c, Stockton. Valley Spring.
lone. Sacramento, MRrjFSTille.
Chioo. Tehama and Re^ 81ufT.... 4il»f
Bi3Oa Peters, Oakdale *nd Jamestown.... I 1™"
StUUASen Orle»ns"Ki«»ress'.M'eroed.' Fres-
ViUUa New Orleans Kxiiress. Merced, Fres-
no, Uakersfiei-. Hunt* Barbara,
J^>» Ai.Kele*. De.ning, 101 l'a»o.
.New Orleans »nd Ea5t............ • - *
I©.»4»A Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Stations # 7t45 f
■ItOOp Sacrameuto Hirer Bt-e«nifrs... I?'??'
. * San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... JU:I3 A
*,»Qr lilTennore. Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia ii;" • ! ' 8 *
' ...... UTennore, San Jose, Niles and Way
stations.. -,;••,,•■,•• "• tlB *
4iO*r Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
■'- , :v% Nap». C»llsl«git. Xl Verano and
Santa Kohl • •■ • • • . • »'!»*
4<oop Benlcla, VacaTllle. Woodland.
Knight* Landing, Marysrllle, Oro-
Tllle anil 5acrament0. ...... ...... ••:I3«
4. SOP Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7t13,
4:SOr Stockton and L0d1..... I»il3»
#iBOi- L*throp, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
MojaTe, Santa Barbara and lam
Angeles 7-4.1*
4tBOp Martinei. Merced (Raymond foi
Yosemite) and Fresno lS>l3p
4iaop HanU fa Route, Atlantic Kxpresi
• for Moja»e anil Kaat 0:4"-
«iO«p Knrojieau Mall, Ogden and Kast.... Sfl.l\
•liOOr Vallejo 12:1 »p
OiOOr HnyirKrdii, Nlli-s and San Jose 7:43*
)7>OOp Vallejo, Port Coefca and Way Sta-
tions I*:* l *'
StOOp Oregon Kzpresa, Sacrßinanto, Marys-
Title. lleiMlit*. rort.aud, Tiifel
Hin':iil «■■..) K»»t «»I.la
' BAX LIU.M>K() AM) lI\V\V\IU>S LUCili.
(Foot of Market Street.) }
~T Melrose, Seminary Park. ? 7:1.1*
SiOOa Klt«hlnir«r, KlmfiurHt, I»9i4S«.
,2'««* 8«n l.««n.lr», South Saa W.$ k
UIiOOa ii« A i..,,,!!!!. 12i«5p
lIIiOOa i^rl A rl, Tli ' DM*
jis>:oom ' lfOre«*o, Cherry < ti:43p
<s':oop »n«l JBtl.ip
OzOOp Hayirard*. 0:49p
?>OOr i Bans through tc Nile*. 7i43p
) t From Nlles. {
COAST lUVISIO.N (Narrow tiange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t?i43A Santa Cruz Eicursion, Santa Gnu
and Principal Way Stations t>tO.tp
■:19a Newark. Cetiterrille, San Jooe.Felton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and Way
Stations 3i3op
■SilSr Newark, Centervllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *I»i.1O\
4il9p San Jose, Glrnwood A Way Station! 0:20 a
a4; lap Conlder Creek and Santa Cruz /l»:a<>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr»mB4K FaIICISCO— root or atriel Streit (Slip S) —
•7:16 9:00 ll:on*.M. tl:00 *2:00 t3:09
•4:00 tS:OO *6:00r.M.
fr«»o»lU«»— BroadwtT.— '6:o« 8:00 10:004. a.
t13.00 *l:00 t2:00 *3:C3 tl-.00 *8:00r.»u
' • COAST DIVISION (Broad Uanire). ~ r ~~'.
(Third and Townsend St 9.)
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) liiO*
t7t3OA Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove ana
Principal Way Stations J»t*sr
•.-••a Man Jose, Tres I'inos. Han ta Crux,
Pacitio (>roTe. Taso Rubles, San
Lulu Ohlspn, Gnadalnpe, Surf aud
• Principal Way Stations 4«3»r
I*i4*a Sail Jose and Way Stations *Biooa ■
11i3Oa Ban Jose ami Way Stations •SiSSa
*Bi4Sp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, -
: Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Oilroy, UoUister. SauU Cms,
Salinas. Monterey and PaolSo
; Grove.... •■•t««. v
•BtS*p San Jose and Way Stations »9jOOa
*4tlsr San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•StOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6xH5 a
S:SOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations Q:a<lp
6:; tOp Sail Jose and Way Stations 7:3»r
t11:43t- Sail Jose and Way Stations 7>3op
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
• Humlajrs excepteil. 1 Sundays only, t Saturdays only
| Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*-
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of irtarket St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— :3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 2:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ■ .
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, T:SO, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 11:43.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40,
6:00. 6:25 p. m. " ___».
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen ParK
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— June 29, •
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sun- i Week
Days. I days. Destination. day 9. I Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. ! 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, . 10:25 am
Healilsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
B:3opm 8:00 am , Cloverdale. 7:35pm B:23pm
7:3oam| '■ I Hopland and I 110:25 am
8:30 pm l 8:00 am| Ukiah. | 7:3s pm| 6:22 pra
7:20 am! ~ ~~ 110:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
B:3Opm{ ( \ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:lo pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:3o ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 am 110 :25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm| . - I 7:35 pm[ 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West ■
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's, River-
Bide, Llerley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights.
Hullvllle. Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, ■ Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldgr.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAXJ.ET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. «S:00. »9 :30. . 11:00 a. m.,
•1:45, 8:20, 4:00, 5:15. •6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at U:ji
SUNDAYS— •8:09. •9:00. «10:00. 11:00. 11:39
a. m • I*o. "*:«, »2:30. M:00. 5:30. «:45 p. m.
11:00 a m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
630 p m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays,
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25. '6:35. 7:55. 8:25, •S:*
■ m "12-20. 2:10, ♦3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
■nd Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. :45. .10:45. ni:«
,_ BUNDAYS-7:00. "8:00. «10:«. p. »U:45
- m ■ lV0» 2:20, «3:30. 's:lh. '6:00, 7:00 p. 5L
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
7 WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 8:43. 10:1.
a. m ■ 12:40, 2:25, 8:55. 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
' and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
j SUNDAYS— B:OO.. 10:00. 11:10 si. m. : 12:05. 1:JO.
1:40. 3:56. 5:30. 6:30 p. m.
i THROUGH ; TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
i 8:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cnzadero and way sta'na.
6:16 p. m. week days (Saturday ' excepted) — To-
males and way stations. ?
140 a. m " Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
i |:4I p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1898, trains will run as follows:
; South-bound.: 'f • "~ North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sta- Sunday ger.
Dally. Exe'ptd tlons. Exc'ptd Dally.
7:2oam 9:ooam Stockton 3:45pm s:4opm
9:loam 12:50pm Merced 12:50pm I 3:53pm
j 10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opm
: 11:35 am C :4spm Hanford 7:45 am I:2spm
I ,2:45 pm 11:50 Bakersfleld. I:30am!lO:lJa m
12:0opm 7:Eopm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1 12. -55 pm.
/'Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
_ Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement' Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and. Stockton at »
! P. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and from
: Snellings, Coultervllle. Yosemite. , etc.; also
with *tage,;from.Hornitos, Mariposa. etc.: at
Lankcrshim with stage to and from Madera-
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWW.
"•- "- '-*-•-. .(Via Sausalito Ferry.) .. ,
• • Leave San ■ Francisco,' commencing al *J *•
IS9S :
.• Week Days-9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 P;. ll^^
Sundays— 8:00. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. ■«•• 1 - 10 *"**
1:30 p. m .
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. Mark*
THOS. COOK "&• SON. Agent*, Ml MarKW
street. San Francisco.BINNIE AND
NED IN CUBA
[Synopsis of preceding chapters.— Ramirei
kavlng Informed General Linares that * Harry
Otend was an American spy. Ostend was pur
ged" as he left the city to go to Admiral Samp-
Hntwl'WU captured by troopers commanded
by Itamlrez. The last chapter left Ostend In
prison. Ramirez convinced General Linares
that -t would be best to execute Ostend and
■ an order was Issued that' he should be shot
o:. tne morrow at sunrise. In the- meantime
J?, is found -Harry OFtend In prison and has
'tv«i / rom him a message, which he has
t^km u ed "'" carr >' in to. Admiral : Sampson.
nuo he was floating out of the harbor upon a
.1* £ea was (tired upon and was wounded by
" k .w panlsh soldiers as the lop was revealed
by the searchlight upon Morro Castle.]
• CHAPTER VI.
THE shots fired by the Spanish sen
tinels at Ned were not noticed by
General Linares and his friends as
they feasted. Firing took place
. every hour during the day and
night and the sentinels did not call the
. attention of any officer to the log
which, unknown to them, had carried
Ned to safety with Harry Ostend's mes
sage to Admiral Sampson. But Binnie
heard the reports of the rifles and went
down to the water's edge and saw the
log tt.iat away. He then went into the
prison, and there, for the first time, saw
Harry Ostend! Did Harry Ostend see
through Binnie's disguise? If he did
ho was too shrewd to show it.
It was just midnight when the deep
Bllence of the prison was broken. The
sleepy sentinels wer; glad to hear the
approaching footsteps of other sol
diers who were to take their places on
duty. The iron door of the prison was
opened and the jailer appeared.
"Watch the spy in cell 42," he said
to a sentinel. "He will be out of our
way to-morrow night."
"He will be ?"
• "Shot at sunrise. Ramirez has fur
nished all the proof that General Li
nares needed to show that the man in
42 is Ostend, the greatest of all the
American spies."
"Is not that Ramirez coming?"
"Yes. What does he wish here. I
wonder?"
Ramirez received the salute of the
Jailer and handed him an order signed
by General Linares to permit the bear
er to speak with Ostend. Treacherous
to 'the last, Ramirez had come to get
Harry Ostend to give him a large sum
of money to save his life, and this
when he knew that Ostend would be
shot at sunrise.
' "Open the door of Ostend's cell and
give, me the key." Ramirez com
. manded.
The jailer hesitated.
"At once, I say."
His manner awed the Jailer, who
. handed the key to Ramirez. Harry
Ostend looked up as the key grated in
tho lock of his cell door and saw
Ramirez and knew that this was the
man who had caused him to be seized.
His anger was great, but he controll
ed It.
"Ostend," said Ramirez as he enter
ed the cell, "you will be shot at sunrise
tOTmorow unless "
"Unless what?" The words were
. paid bo coolly that Ramirez was sur-
" prised. ■'■-'*''. i
' "I am a poor man, Harry Ostend.
' You can get all the American money
•' you wish for. Ten thousand dollars Is
.: riot a large sum." "
•-. ."For that sum will you promise
safety to me?" .
"Yes I am Ramirez, ■ the secret
■! agent of the King. I give you my
•word that ten thousand dollars in gold
"will buy your freedom and safe con
"•..duct to the American lines."
• ' ."Suppose that I refuse?"
'fYou will die at sunrise. But, per
• haps, you will feel happy to know that
' you will have company when you face
the soldiers who will fire upon you."
" "I do not understand." .
'•• Ramirez laughed, but his face was
-.cruel. Had Ned been captured? This
thought flashed through Harry Os
tend's mind. He had no confidence in
the promises of Ramirez. "Perhaps,"
he .thought, "I may be able to fool this
rascal." i •" ~~~~ ."-- - —-, r*M -::-v-
Ramirez looked at Harry Ostend sus
piciously. "Come; time presses; your
• answer at once."
"You shall have the money." ■■
"■Where is it?-' •' l:;:j:
"Take me out of this prison and I
.will guide you to it."
Ramirez, cowardly as treacherous,
• dated not trust himself alone with Har
: ry Ostend without shackling his hands.
• "As you wish," said Mr. Ostend.
,;■ Ramirez did not find it difficult to
bribe the jailer to let him pass # with
: his prisoner, especially when he had
produced enough sparkling gold to fur
. nish hush money for the sentinels, who
had not been paid for many months.
Accompanied by Harry Ostend, Rami
rez went out, promising the Jailer to
• return soon with his prisoner. The iron
.gate of the prison clanged behind them
and they were in a narrow street,
which was darkened by the shadow of
the high wall of the prison.
. "In which direction?" asked Rami
rez.
"In this!" answered a voice from the
darkness, and a lithe form shot toward
Ramirez with the quickness of thought.
One terrific blow and Ramirez was
felled to the ground. The assailant
leaped upon the prostrate form of the
villain and thrust a pistol into his face.
"One word, Ramirez, and you die!"
"The American! Binnie! Spare me!"
"Not another word. It is Binnie.
You know that my promises are good.
One sound nr word to attract the guard
and you will die!"
; Ramirez was thoroughly cowed and
terrified. Here was another witness to
his treachery.
"I will obey," he -whispered. "Spare
my life."
Harry Oatend now held Binnie's pis
tol pointed at Ramirez's head. Bln
nle felt in the rascal's pockets and
found the key to open the shackles.
"Now to get Julia out of the prison,"
eaid Binnie, as soon as Harry Ostend
was free.
"Julia here!"
"Yes. We came here to take care of
Ramirez. We were going to tell the
story of the death of a certain Spanish
captain, who was shot by Ramirez.
Since we find you here and about to be
shot — at sunrise to-morrow — we must
change our programme and get out of
the city with the aid of Ramirez."
THE BUMPKINS HAVE NOW STARTED UPON A VERY PERILOUS AND QUEER VOYAGE TO JOIN ADMIRAL DEWEY fIND H^ FLEET OF GALLANT "JAC^IES" IN THE BAY OF MONILO.
BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
"Wonderful boy, you are, Binnie; but
how to get Julia out of the Jail?"
"I will have Ramirez sign an order
for me to bring her to General Linares.
The rest will be easy!"
The three were not noticed by the
groups of soldiers in the city. Harry
Ostend led the way to a small cottage
and finding the key under the door,
went in. Ramirez was too bewildered
and crushed in spirit to dare to o*-
fer any resistance. He penned the or
der and Binnie departed on his mis
sion. Ten, fifteen, twenty minutes
passed. Harry Ostend sat with pistol
pointed at Ramirez, intently listening.
Half an hour— then footsteps were
heard. Binnie entered and with him
was Julia.
At the sight of the girl Ramirez shook
with fear and his teeth chattered.
Binnie had said that Ramirez had shot
the Spanish captain; here was the wit
ness who must have seen that cruel and
cowardly act, and her eyes were look-
Ing at the traitor so keenly that they
seemed to be reading his cv ry secret.
He quailed before her glance, bJt was
silent.
Harry Ostend went to a cupboard and
took therefrom a Spanish uniform.
"During my residence in Santiago de
Cuba," he said, while a sir/'.e played
over his face, "I have gathered many
things that might be of use. This uni
form will about fit Julia."
"What? I wear a Spanish uniform?"
"Certainly. You will make a capital
soldier. Hasten now; for we must be
out of the city before daylight and far
off in the hills. It is a desperate ad
venture, but here are three friends who
may be useful to Cuba if we can es
cape."
Julia soon reappeared from another
room, wearing the uniform. Tall and
erect, she looked very soldierlike.
"Come now," said Harry Ostend, who
naturally assumed command of the
party, "the jailer will soon be uneasy,
and our time is short. Ramirez, do not
forget that we are all armed and that
we are all dead shots. Your duty is to
appear to be in command. We will fol
low you and you will give the proper
word to pass us through the city and
beyond the forts. You will go wherever
we go and be useful to us. March!"
"But, Senor, if I obey you I will be
shot for this night's work."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
"You ought to have thought of that
before you came to the prison to extort
money from me for a service which
you never meant to perform."
"I cannot understand how it was that
Binnie should have been there to take
me a prisoner," protested the crushed
spy.
Binnie l»ughe<3 Joyously. He had so
far won the day and although there
were many perils to be encountered
before the party could get out of the
city he felt happy and, it must be con
fessed, a little bit proud.
"You do not know how interested I
am in your movements, Ramirez. I
saw you in the city and I made it my
business to find out what new kind ot
wickedness you were engaged in. I
followed you to the prison and.w&4t3<l
for you to come out. Upon nry word
you have given me a delightful sur
prise. You think that you may be shot
by the Spaniards for the work of this
night. That is no more than you de
serve; but let me assure you that it
will not be safe for you to attempt to
play us any tricks."
No one could be more fully aware
than was Ramirez that Binnie's words
were not idle threats. He led the way
by the shortest route to the east gate
to the city. The party was halted at
short intervals, for the city was divid
ed into districts, and 1 was necessary
to have different passwords to go on.
Ramirez never was at a loss for the
right word. At the end of an hour they
were Hearing the last line of
who guarded the line of rifle pits in the
outer defenses of the city. Just as Ra
mirez advanced to give the word there
was a stir. From sentinel to sentinel
the call passed along — "turn out the
guard."
Hot on the heels of this din came
a thunder of horses' hoofs. In the
half light of approaching dawn an
officer on horseback drove up and
quickly demanded information whether
a party of four had been allowed to
pass through the lines at that point. So
the escape had already become known,
and the situation was critical
for the three ra-triots and for Ramirez.
Julia alone was equal to the occasion.
Relying upon her uniform and her
adroitness to carry the day, sho stepped
briskly forward and saluted the officer.
"Well," he said, inquiringly, "what
is It?"
"I think that I can guide you to
where they are through the lines."
"It is well," said the unsuspicious of
ficer. "Lead the way."
"But, Captain," went on Julia boldly,
"there are four of them and they have
undoubtedly separated by this time to
increase their chances of escape. I can
point you out two sharp men who can
flnd the fugitives If any one in Cuba
can."
"Bring them at once. We will then
be four to four. If we catch the ras
cals you shall share the reward. One
of the persons who has escaped is
Harry Ostend, the American spy. They
were helped out of prison by Ramirez.
Ah, if I could only catch the villain,
Ramirez, fortune would be mine."
Julia pointed out Binnie and Harry
Ostend as sharp men to find the fugi
tives. They were given horses, and
almost quicker than the fact can be
told they were merrily riding out of
the city, realizing what a wonderful
escape they had had at the last min
ute; and now they are speeding
through the country. As for Ramirez,
who has been left behind, he knew that
his only chance for safety was to get
by the sentries unknown. The dan
gers were thickening around him rapid
ly and he began to understand how
dangerous and foolish it is to be a trai
tor. D. H. W.
To be Continued.
THE DOUBLE
BIRTHDAY
BY CHARLES ELMtR UPTON.
PLACERVILLL.
IT should have been Monday; but,
then, Mattie always was in a hurry,
and, besides, there was Joy enough
to last over into the next day.
And you couldn't keep her quiet.
She was all motion, from the merry
brown eyes that answered every laugh
to the sturdy little feet that skipped
about untiringly from morning till
night.
For a week past there had been a
constant prattle of parties, dinners and
toys without number. Everybody,
from papa and mama down, had been
told of the coming wonders at least
a dozen times; yet each showed the
greatest surprise whenever the subject
was spoken of. Now it was Sunday,
and even Matties ready brain could
think of nothing new, though her
tongue could still have rattled on for
hours had there been any one to listen.
But this Sunday was a busy day, for
rains had delayed the outdoor work on
the farm and every moment of sunny
weather was precious. I don't know
what Mattie would have done had not
something very unexpected appeared.
This was a visitor, a young man who
often came to Majiie's house. He was
very fond of children, and soon he and
Mattie were talking away at a great
rate.
"You don't know what I'm going to
have?" Mattie said, looking up slyly.
"What is it? Won't you tell me?"
coaxed Mr. Wallace.
But Mattie shook her head. "I'll be
six years old, and it's to-morrow. Now
guess."
Mr. Wallace scowled and pretended
to be thinking very hard. "It isn't a
birthday, is it?" he asked.
"Why, it is, too! It's my birthday!
Ha! ha! ha! you can't guess nothin'!"
And Mattie went off into such a funny
peal of laughter that the visitor
couldn't help joining.
"Six years old!" exclaimed Mr. Wal
lace. "My, what a big girl you are."
"Most as big as mama," added Mat
tie, looking down at her toes. "An*
maybe I'll be bigger. She don't grow
at all. Say, what makes old folks
never grow?"
"H-m! Well — they don't have time,
I guess," said Mr. Wallace.
"Oh!" said Mattie. and for a while
sat perfectly still. Suddenly she burst
out.
"Say, I guess old Liar had lots o'
time to play!"
"Old who?" asked the astonished vis
itor.
"Old Liar; 'cause he growed an'
growed an' growed till he was as big
as — as the whole world, I guess. An*
he was bad all the time, and he killed
poor Davy. No, no! Davy killed he!"
and Matties eyes blinked excitedly.
Mr. Wallace threw back his head and
laughed long and loudly, while Mattlo
stared in surprise, not seeing any
cause for such queer behavior.
He stopped presently, red in the face,
though his mouth was yet smiling aa
he said gently:
"You little rogue! You mean Go
liath."
"Yes, yes! Go-llar! That's him!
What do you think? I'm going to have
a cake!"
"You don't mean It!" cried Mr. Wal
lace, opening his eyes wide. "And can
I have some?"
"All you want," answered Mattie
generously, jumping up from her chair
and dancing about in excitement. "It's
.got choc'late In it an' sugar an' candy
an' little frizzes all on top. It's gooder
than any o' your cake, ain't it?"
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
"Well, I should say It was!" said the
visitor, with a whistle of astonishment.
"And it's all your very own?"
Mattie nodded gleefully. "Every
teenty bit! An' mama an' me made
it all our own selfs. Nobody else
didn't help one speck— there, now!"
"Whew!" said Mr. Wallace, looking
as if he would like to get up and dance,
too. "Then there's the party"—
"An' I'll get my table an' my cupa
an' saucers, nen we can have a really,
truly dinner, an* I'll 'vite you an' papa
an' mama an' "—" —
"And dolly," put in Mr. Wallace.
"Yes, dolly, too," agreed Mattie, "an'
— an' — lots more."
Just then Mr. Wallace looked up and
saw Matties mama in the doorway.
"Excuse my leaving you alone, Mr.
Wallace. But there's so much work
now that one hardly knows where to
begin. I'm afraid Mattie is tiring
you."
"Not at all, Mrs. Stanton," answered
the visitor. "Mattie and I have been
having a very pleasant little chat."
It grew late and Mr. Wallace arose
to leave.
"You can't go home," said Mattie,
catching hold of his hands.
"You had better stay to supper, Mr.
Wallace," said Matties mama. "Mat
tie will be disappointed if you don't
taste her birthday cake."
Mr. Wallace stayed; and bo It hap
pened that Mattie had two birthdays
in one.
The table was soon set and the won
derful cake placed where it could be
seen and admired by all. Then papa
was called in from the field; then came
brother Tom, aged 11. and sister Car
rie, who was almost "grown up," being
nearly J6.
"Puss is different from most people,"
said Mr. Stanton, winking «t the visi
tor. "Her birthday comes only once a
year."
"Yes," said mama, soberly, "but she
has the best of it at school. The other
boys and girls didn't start till they
were six yeaws old, and Mattie has been
going three weeks already; so she's
just that much ahead."
So they joked and laughed and ate,
and everybody tasted the cake and de
clared it to "be the best he had ever
eaten.
Soon after supper Mr. Wallace said
again that he must go home- but Mat
tie climbed upon his knee arra declared
she wouldn't let him go. Then Mr.
Stanton said that the visitor had bet
ter stay all night, as home was a long
way off and the road was very rough
and muddy.
So they all sat down by the fireplace
and began to talk, and Mattie sat on
Mr. Wallace's lap and told everybody
about the fun she would have the next
day.
After a while the clock struck 9, and
mama said Mattie must go to bed or
she couldn't get up early in the morn
ing.
I wish I had time to tell you all about
the party. May be some time you will
meet Mattie and she can tell just what
happened.
Mama's voice was the first sound
Mattie heard the next morning, and
she opened her eyes sleepily, "What's
ze matter?"
"Time to get up, dear," was the
cheery answer; and then Mattie knew
that morning had come and the real
birthday was just begun.
NINE BRAVE
SOLDIER BOYS
SEVERAL Santa Rosa boya
thought that it would be fine to
camp like real soldiers, and they
carried out their idea.
Captain Ted Culver, First Lieu
tenant Arthur Wright, Privates Will
Neurater, Willie Healey, Earl Riley,
Hood Burnett, James Jamison, James
Church and Harry Wilson. Such was
the roster of the occupants of "Camp
Dewey" in the large vacant lot ad
joining Dr. Wiley's residence on Mc-
Donald avenue.
These young gentlemen for the
space of three days and nights en
joyed a taste of soldier's life on the
tented field, and spent a most enjoy
able time following out to the letter the
regime of military rule In camp.
»They had their tents pitched and
had their commissary, department; had
regular drills morning and afternoon
and had guard mount and review.
The young soldiers did not forget
vo mave Old Glory fluttering in the
breeze over "Camp Dewey," for in this
way did they immortalize the hero of
Manila by naming their camp in honor
of him. Visitors, and during the en
campment there were many, were re
quired always to salute the colors.
Captain Culver's company was quite
sorry when the time came for the
breaking of camp.
In Hamburg: the authorities tax a dog
according to its size.
JACK SAVED
THE EXPRESS
BY ALMA S BEMENDERFER,
ANGELS CAMP.
ALKALI POINT was situated in
Nevada, near the mountains.
Away to the east stretched the
desert, and through it the rail
road track was lost to sight in the
distance. Years ago, when silver min
ing was at its height, all the six alkali
bleached mills near the mountains
made loud music for the people who oc
cupied the liveliest camp in that sec
tion. But now all was quiet, and to
the few remaining citizens the passing
trains were the only noisy machines to
boast of thereabouts.
Jack Hqward lived there. His father
was a section hand on the railroad, and
the trains, pulled by the swift, puffing
engines, seemed to draw him to the
tracks and force him to take an inter
est in railroad work. Often in the dusk
of the evening he would wander off,
and standing by a rock pile watch tho
headlight of a locomotive quickly ad
vance out of the gloom of the desert,
growing brighter and brighter as it
bore down on the station. Away to
the south on the railroad line was a
deep gulch called Hooker Gulch, and
as mining had been done above it much
of the debris and waste ore was
dumped into its depths, until the deep,
steep cut near the track was filled by a
pile of rock.
Jack often walked by It and wondered
If it was solidly braced. Once he no
ticed that some small stones had rolled
on the track; but as that had hap
pened elsewhere, he only tossed them
to one side. Often when his father re*
turned home after a hard day's work
he sat with him on the porch and lis
tened as he explained about railroad
work.
"Jack," he said, as the through train
passed by, going East, "see that train?
"Why, it's a little world to itself, with
its own peculiarities, so to speak. Even
the people have their own railroad
ways. Look at the mall clerks, por
ters, baggage men, conductor, express
man, fireman and the engineer, who, to
my mind, is the most important man
there. He understands every part of
his engine and all the track he runs
over. Yet how in the power of others
he is, when one mistake on their part
might send him and a trainload of peo
ple to their death."
One day as Jack was passing the
gulch he saw several boys rolling large
stones down the steep bank to see them
skip the track. Quickly climbing to
where they were he said: "Stop that,
fellows. If any hit the rails they might
make trouble."
"Mind your own business," shouted
one boy; "and you think you can or
der us you are mistaken. Don't listen
to him, boys. Go i ".ead and roll all
you please."
Then more rocks were rolled over,
each boy trying to see who could roll
the farthe3t.
Jack stood by, trying to convince
them it was not safe. Seeing they
would not listen he went down and
started back to town. He had not
more than cleared the gulch when,
hearing the boys shout, he looked back.
They had started a large boulder,
which, as it bounded from place to
place on the down trip, started earth
and rock, which gathered in volume
every second, till a huge slide came
surging down over the track, covering
it deeply for several feet. The boys
stood still at the top till it reached the
bottom, and then came stumbling down
in great haste.
"Jußt look what we have done, boys,"
said one quickly. "Who would have
thought that boulder c^uld have start
ed all that slide? Pitch in and let's try
to get it off before a train comes
along."
The boys walked some distance and
getting picks and shovels worked hard
to clear the track. But as fast as they
shoveled it off more dirt slid down from
the dump, till at length they said it
was useless.
"The best things for us to do is to
leave things as they are and skip, and,
when we reach the point, say we saw
it as we came by. No one would ever
think we started all that, and if Jack
Howard dares tattle we will pay him.
back. I mean just what I say, too.
Don't I, fellows?"
"Yes," said the boys. Then they
started for the point, leaving Jack
alone. The landslide had occurred on
level ground, and as the engineers ex
pected clear headway there, they gen
erally made ,up for lost time on that
level stretch of country. It was nearly
night and Jack decided to go to Alkali
Point and get help. He hurried on,
but before he had gone far he heard
the echo of a train along the rails com
ing from the opposite direction. He
was very much frightened.
What could he do? That flashed
through his mind as, turning back, he
hurried over the landslide, and — there
was the train! The headlight was
glowing, the cars lighted and sparks
from the smokestack trailing on behind.
Jack thought quickly. Taking off his
coat he lit one end, waving it over hisi
head. It quickly burst into a bright
blaze, w-hich was seen by the engineer,
who brought the train to a standstill
within ten feet of where Jack stood.
"Well, what's the trouble here?"
asked some of the trainmen as, lan
terns in hand, they came up. "Why.
it's a landslide!"
"Yes," said Jack, "it is. I came along
and saw it, so I was able to let you
know in time."
After a time the other boys learned
how Jack had saved many passengers
from death. They were afraid that
Jack would accuse them. But no, Jack
kept his own counsel, and from that
time he was the most popular boy in
town.
Teacher— Do all kinds of birds have
feathers?
Bennle Bright— All but the parrot,
ma'am.
Teacher — Not the parrot?
Bennie Bright— No, ma'am; the par
rot has grass.— Harper's Round Table.
"You speak," said a fond mother,
"about people having strength of mind,
but when it comes to strength of don't
mind my son William surpasses anybody;
I ever knew."
3132
NEWS OF THE MINES.
A meeting of the executive and the spe
cial committees of the California Miners'
Association has been called by President
Neff and Secretary Julian Sonntag to fix
a date and prepare a call for the an
nual State convention. The convention
will be called for some time In Novem
ber not long after election day.
The association will this year with
out doubt have to elect successors to
President Neff and Secretary Sonntag.
Mr. Neff will be Lieutenant Governor,
. and will probably insist on retiring from
the office to which he has been, so enthu
siastically re-elected ever since organiza
tion, in 1892. Mr. Sonntag's business ln
• terests make It neccessary for him to de
•cline to be a candidate again for the
' office he has so long and efficiently filled.
The Miners' convention will this year
again have before it the Important mat
ters of national legislation for which
the association has so long labored, but
the situation regarding all of them Is
jiore encouraging than ever before.
There will be additional appropriations
?or restraining dams to be sought of
Congress. The movement for a Depart
ment of Mines and Mining in the execu
tive branch of the Government, first
Btarted by this association, has grown
to be a national one. The prospects of
the mineral lands bill are hopeful.
The coming year promises to be a
gTeat one in the mining Industry, and
political as well as business prospects
Beem to be smiling upon It.
A bond on the Lowdon and George
m-oup of copper mines on Little Back
bone Creek was secured by William
Kemp Monday, and the prospects are
that a sale will result. The bond calls
tor a purchase price considerably above
$50 000. Kemp is at present In Jtoir* em
ploy of Lewishon Brothers, copper brok
ers' and sale agents of New York City,
and Is developing for them the copper
bearing properties on Stillwater. The
Lowdon and George property Is located
*. mile and a half west of Kennet, and
has been pronounced a most promising
copper deposit. Adjoining is the Mam
moth group of copper mines, owned by
B. M. Saeltzer, J. A. Kahny and Tony
Jaegel and now under bond to A. W.
Forstner of New York.— Redding Free
Press.
A phenomenally rich strike was made
Saturday In the famous Enterprise mine
On the North Fork of Trinity River,
twelve miles from Junction City. The
property is owned by Mrs. J. R. BaJch,
Levt Day, the Day brothers and others.
It has long been operated and has yielded
■ much treasure. A complete ten-stamp
quartz mill stands on the property.
Redding Free Press.
The Denny, Bar & Parker Company's
pack train is busy taking T rails and
machinery into the New River country
where the material is to be used In de
veloping the famous Boomer mine, which
produced over a quarter million of dol
lars between 1885 and 1888. This mine was
recently bought by Colonel Dan Burns of
Mexican fame, and J. C. Franks and J.
McCuish of Redding. Very little work
has been done on the mine during the
last five years. Fifteen men have been
employed during the last three weeks on
; the new tunnel which Is being run to
crosscut the ledge at a depth of 300 feet
below the old works. This tunnel will
have a length of about 800 feet.— Siskiyou
.County Reporter.
Thomas E. Johnson, a San Jose capital
ist, stopped over in Redding on Wednes
"■ day evening to negotiate for the pur-
Chase of the Allison & Morton placer
niine. situated on the east fork of Trinity
. River.— Redding Searchlight.
The miners in most of the Scott Valley
• districts are helping in harvesting crops,
■as. water is too scarce to do much work at
■. mining, and in some sections none at all.
— Yreka Journal.
The river miners on the Klamath are
. kept quite busy, and are working day
and night to get out all the gold possible
before the winter storms commence to
drive them out by high water and heavy
fr»?.«hets.— Yreka Journal.
A .mining sale of more than ordinary
importance Is about to take place. If
negotiations now in hand are success
fully concluded the Mount Shasta mine
' on Clear Creek will pass into the hands
of O. Howard, a mining man of San
■ Francisco and an extensive owner of
1 Mexican mines. The history of the Mount
Shasta mine is a story of success from
the grass roots. Twenty men are em
ployed on the property and the mine is
yielding for shipment to Keswlck ten tons
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. K. A.
Morning— "New Departures in Life." Even-
ing—Monthly praise service, with violin
and cornet solos.
"German Baptist, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. L.
1
service and sermon by the
g— Song ,serv lce and prayer.
rector.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street.
Twenty-third.
Rev. J. G. Gibson
Morning— Sermon and Instruction by the
pastor. Evening— Song service and ad-
I dress.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street,
Stelner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
; Morning— Sermon by Dr. Jenkins,
ing— Song service and address.
Even-
Bt. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue.
Page and Oak streets.
Rev. William P. Kirby
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
. o'clock. Evening— Vespers and sermon by
the pastor.
St. Charles Borromeo,
well Btreets.
Father P. J. Cummins
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
th» j.riests of the community. Evening
—Vespers, sermon and benediction.
Bt. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent
Morning — High mass and sermon on the
Gospel of the day. Evening— Vespers.
St. Brigld's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way.
Cottle
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel.
Vespers.
Evening
Church of Corpus Chrlstl, Alemany and
Croke street*.
Salesian Fathers
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Cassini. Evening— 4 o'clock, vespers and
benediction.
St. Charles,
streets.
Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
Horning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
[ ing — Vespers, sermon and benediction.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Stelner streets.
Rev. Plus Murphy y
lorning — High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Rosary and sermon by one of
the priests cf the Dominican Order.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and
avenue.
Father Carraher
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel.
— Vespers.
Evening
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street.
Rev. D. O. Sullivan !
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon, vespers and
benediction.
St Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Jesuit Fathers
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Vincent Chlappa,
fi. J.. of Los Gatos. Evening— "Reality
of Hell," by Rev. Henry W«ods.
St. James, Twenty-third
streets.
and
Father P.
Morning — High mass and sermon. Evening
I — Sermon on the Gospel of the day.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P. Scanlan
Morning— Services at 10:30 o'clock,
ing— Sernron and vespers.
Even-
' - ' ' ■' "
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendergast, V. G
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock and a
sermon by on» of the priests of the par-
ish. Eventng — Vespers, sermon and ben-
ediction.
.;•.>-•-.. . ■ ....
St. Mary's Church, California and Dupont
Btreets.
Paullst Fathers
Morning— i glgh mass and a sermon by Rev.
Father Tounan. Evening— Vespers.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
Morning— High mass and sermon on the
Gospel. Evening— Sermon and vespers.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and Church
Father Connolly
Morning— High mass at 10:30
Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
o'clock.
Bts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and
streets.
Saleslan Fathers
MnrninK— Sermon In Italian by one of the
priests of the community. Evening — Ves-
pers.
Bt. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty-
•fourth.
Father P. 8. Casey
Morning — Sermon on the Gospel. Evening —
Sermon, vespers and benediction.
St. Rose' 8, Brannan street, naar Fourth.
Father Nugent
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and
Lobos avenue.
Father Coy le
Morning— Sermon by the pastor at 11
o'clock. Kvening-<;VeßpeYs and benediction.
St. Teresa's,
streets.
Father Browne
■High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
spers, benediction and a sermon.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marist Fathers
Morning — High mass and a sermon In
French. Evening — Vespers.
First Christian, Mission
streets.
and Twelfth
Rev. F. 8. Ford
Morning— "Practice." Evening — "Reconelll-
i ation."
fest Side Christian,
Devisadero.
Bush street,
Rev. W. A. Gardner :
Morning — Divine service and add
Evening — Sermon bj f the rector.
at 11.
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth.
Rev. W. C. Pond
Morning— Sermon by J. K. McLean, D.D.
Evening — Same.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
Twenty-fourth streets.
ai
Rev. W. H. Tubb
I
Morning— "The Lord Is Good— A Stronghold
In the Day of Trouble." Evening— Ser-
mon by H. F. Shepard of Olivet Congrega- .
tlonal Church.
- - . ■ 1
.
■■--'•■ ' : ■ '■-•-. -
■
Richmond Congregational, Seventh
and Clement street. ,
Rev. P. Coombe
Morning — "Divine Providence." Evening —
"Thou Shalt Love Thy Neighbor As Thy-
self."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. T. Shepard
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
— Same.
Evening
First Congregational, Post
streets.
and
'. G. O. Adams
Ivlne service at 11 o'clock. Even-
•t service and sermon.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, i
Mission.
Rev. William Rader
Morning — "The End of the War." Evening
—"How Did Sin Come Into the World,
and Why?"
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
'. F. B. Cherin*ton
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
—Same.
Grace Episcopal, California, and St
streets.
Stocktonj Rev. R. C. FouU j i Morning I—Communion1 — Communion service at 11. Even-
ing—Festival service, followed by a ser-
4 1 rr.on.
\
I of ore per day. The rock smelts *40 per
ton gross, or J4OQ per day.— Redding Free
Press.
An Immensely rich discovery has been
I made In the Mazeppa mine, near the
i Jumper, on the mother lode, near Sonora.
I The rock contains stringers of gold al
most as large as a lead pencil. The ex
tent of this ore body cannot yet be esti
mated, but Its appearance satisfies Its
i owners that It Is a veritable bonanza.—
Democratic Banner.
Considerable excitement was occasioned
around Ban Andreas this week over the
j reported strike of a rich lead while cross
cutting at the 700-loot level at the i ord
| mine. Already the vein shows a width
of twenty feet, and the rock, although
I not yet having been assayed, shows up
well, there being some free gold visible.
It Is hoped that the long sought for lead
has been struck, for the development of
one good mine in our immediate vicinity
would do much for the town and eventu
ally lead to the development of other
properties in this belt.— Calaveras Citizen.
Owing to the lo»- condition of the Moke
lumn«* River, there being less than fifty
inche. of water running, there are quite
a number of prospectors at work in the J
bed of the river. Operations are being
carried on from Spanish Bar to Middle
Bar, a distance of three miles.— Calaveras
Chronicle. . „.
The Madden mine, belonging to the Ed
win S. Chester estate, has been sold to W.
C. Green for $1000. E. W. Chapman has
put some costly machinery on the Gold
Note mine, and is giving employment to
seventy men.— Place- ville Democrat.
The Nevada City Transcript thus re
grets the clean water in Deer Creek
since hydraulicking Is wholly suspended <
there: "What water there is in Deer i
Creek Is as clear as crystal from the i
head down to the Mountaineer mine. It !
Is the first time such has been the case
Btnoe the days when the pioneer miner !
began to rile up the liquid depths. This
clear water in a mining district is a very
bad thing for the country at large."
A Butte Valley correspondent of the I
Plumas Independent writes: "The bo
nanza mine of the North * ork at present
Is the Cameron, situated about 3000 feet ,
north of Marion Flat, a locality that in |
early days proved to be very rich, and |
now recent developments in the Cameron |
mine point to it as a source from which i
Marion Flat received its wealth of gold. !
The main tunnel of the Cameron at the
distance of "60 feet from its mouth makes
an upraise of thirty-five feet, thence 400 ,
feet to the main breast of gravel. Five
tnen are at work In a body of gravel j
eighty feet in width that pays over $10 a i
day to the man."
President Pierce of the Blue Lakes I
Company has Just returned from the lakes i
and has left word that after a survey of I
the water stored, he knows they have i
enough water to supply their patrons ;
with one-half the amount they have been i
using to operate their property, until Jan- :
vary 1. 1899.— Amador Ledger.
A San Andreas (Calaveras County) cor
respondent of the Mining and Scientific |
Press reports: "The Fellowcraft and San
Andreas mines near San Andreas were I
sold yesterday by A. N. Lewis and J. W. i
Provard of San Francisco to J. M. Lively, j
representing Southern Ohio capitalists, for !
$100,000. The Fellowcraft has a 250-foot j
shaft, several crosscuts and a 10-stamp i
mill. The property has been idle some I
time. Work will begin September 1, by j
unwatering the shaft."
The following notes are given by the
Amador Republican:
"The cry of Mow water' is being heard
In Amador County, probably for the first ■,
time In recent years. It is rumored that
both the Kennedy and Argonaut mines
will be obliged to hang up half, if not
all. of their stamps within a short time, i
"The Kennedy M. and M. Company j
completed the purchase of the Mason |
ranch on Monday last by paying over $3000 i
spot and engaging to pay $7000 more later
on. We understand that this purchase in- j
eludes the Jackson Gate mine, formerly j
prospected by Siebe and others of San (
Fram'isco.
"The Keystone mine and mill are idle, !
and it Is probable that work will not be
resumed In them for some time as a I
scarcity of water prevents it."
The Wildman and Mahoney mills .are |
hung up rtwing to the fact that the Blue :
Lakes Water Company are falling to fur- :
nish the usual water supply. The sup. j
position is now that there will be but I
little change for the better until the :
rains set in.— Amador Record.
On account of the lack of water the I
Jumper mine hung up its twenty stamps
on the 7th inst. Superintendent Kelly i
hopes to start up the mill about the 20th j
inst. with steam power, provided there is '
sufficient water for battery purposes. — j
Jamestwon Magnet. j
SEPfSTIOES TO BE HELD THIS 3D AY" AT THE OITIT CHURCHES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 28, 1898.
HALES.
Extra salespeople are engaged
to handle the crowds which
will flock to this sale of semi-
porcelain ware.
• . . * .- ■ "■. -^^ v .. . " t- . -' ■ "■ r^ : . ' ■ ■ -.]...--•. ] ... -- • r^.. - - ■ j!s^ T ,_ .. _ - . .:•
■ sale prices
on
semi=porcelain
plates
8-inch Dinner Plate* '.So
7-inch Breakfast 7e
6-lnch Dessert 6c
6-lnch Bread and Butter 5c
7-inch Soup, 7c; 8-inch Soup 8c
vegetable dishes
10-inch Scalloped. 20c; 8-lneh 18c
8 7 6 5 4 Inch
15c lOc 8c 6e 5c Each
Fruit Baucers, 4-lnch, per dozen 25 0
square platters
12 11 10 9 8 7 6 Inch
35c 25c 15c lie Oc 7c 5c Each
hotel platters
6 5 4 S Inch
7c 6c 4c 4c Each
Covered Butter Dish 15c
Teacups and Saucers, with handle,
each 5c
Coffee Cups and Saucers, with handle,
each 7c
Vegetable Dishes, 10-inch, covered.
sOc ; 8- inch 4Op
Covered Sugar Bowls, each 20c
sale prices on glassware
8-Inch Glass Stand Fancy Cake Dishes,
2Oc ; 10-inch 25c
Heavy Table Goblets, 5c each; En-
graved Goblets 7c
Glass Wine, or a Glass Water De-
canter lOc
Glass Syrup Ju»tr. with nickel top 5c
Glass Covered Butter Dishes 10c
sale prices on chinaware
Decorated and Gilt Water Pitchers—
2-qt. 1-qt. IH-pt. H-pt. Slie
25c 2OC 15c lOc Price
French and German China Decprated
Brea kf ast Plates lOc
French China Blue Decorated Bowls.. lOc
Decoratfil China Fruit Dishes 8c
Blue Daisy Pattern Gold Decorated
Coffee Cups and Saucers, with
handle 1 0c
Tea Cups and Saucers (same ware) —8c
Blue and Gold French China Mush-
bowls 8c j
Blue Flower French China Gilt Edge
Tea Cups and Saucers, with handle. lOc ,
sale prices on stone chinaware
Hotel Water Pitchers, 2-quart 2Oc
Stone China Saucers lc
Individual Butter Slabs 2c
Impossible to fully advertise
even a quarter of such a big
stock in this advertisement ;
hotel, restaurant and boarding-
house keepers will quickly see
how extremely reasonable these
goods are.
HALES.
at mm^T f * S^. closo
shopping M J Mt3^i^^ € < r . tif%€>l>^^^^ 937947 including
is wise. flfar*^ vy*^CA*> erin market st. Saturday.
This week will be ; six days : of : exceptionally strong offerings— there is the
Sale of the Cook stock from KearnvSt*
fourteen thousand dollars' worth of fancy china, semi-porcelain ware, glassware, etc., bought by us at 45c
on the dollar of original cost; every housewife knows what a good stock Cook & Co. carried, and this sale
will give buyers an opportunity of getting semi-porcelain for less than the price of white stone china.
Exhibition of black dress novelties
our window gives one a faint idea of the wide range of our fall novelties in black goods, now on full display.
We wish women knew more about corsets
good corsets, we mean — corsets such as we display in our window this week — corsets that fit once
and fit all the time; with the tight-fitting costumes — especially tailor-made of this fall — it is absolutely
necessary to secure a perfect-fitting corset.
new black
dress goods
silk crepons- In heavy, bil-
lowy designs woven over a rep CQOO
ground; in a great variety of W
styles, 48 inches wide yard
f P | exe _Of the best German
make; bright silky designs are fIJQSO
formed of \incut loops of Mo- «*'-*•
hair, 42 inches wide yard
mersei-etta— Finest English
production; heavy braided ef-
fects In cords. Van Dyke, ser- £0.26
pentlne and check designs. 42 <*><*>
Inches wide yard
mohnlr crepons— Small designs. CO.OO
raised patterns of Mohair, <P-*»
heavy quality. 42 Inches wide... yard
cheviots— English, extra heavy,
46 to 62 Inches wide, soft finish; Cl-75
rich display of Paquins, soliels f ■
and broadcloths yard
ribbon
sale
All-Silk, satin and RTOS-graln ribbon
in all shades.
No. 1% 3c yard, or 2Bc piece
No. 2 tic yard, or 40c piece
No. 3 Oc yard, or 55c piece
No. 5 » 1-I?c yard, or 75c piece
No. 7 lOc yard, or Osc piece
No. 9 IS l-2c or $1.25 riece
No. 12 150 yard, or $1.50 piece
No. 16 2Oc yard, or 91.00 piece :
No. 22 25c yard, or $2.40 piece
No. 30 3Oc yard, or $2.75 piece
* Church of the Advent. Eleventh
» near Market.
J. A. Emery,
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening —
Sermon, followed by song service.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street.
W. H. Moreland
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening
— Sermon, followed by prayer service.
St. Cornelius Chapel.
Rev. D. O. Kelley j
Morning — Special services for the soldiers.
Evening — Sermon and instruction by the
pastor.
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia.
Rev. E. B.
-Divine service at 11.
by the rector.
Evening —
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and
streets.
Rev. H.
Morning — Communion at 7:30
sermon and recital of prayer.
— Sermon and prayer service.
o'clock;
Evening
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
streets.
Rev. M. D.
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Song service and ser-
mon.
St. Pauls Episcopal, California street,
Flllmore.
Rev. W. MaxweU Rellly.
lorning— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening— Song service and sermon.
Trinity Episcopal, ]
Rev. H. E. Cooke
n service at 7:30 o'clock,
and divine service at
:30 o'
German Evangelical Emmanuel
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Church,
Rev. F. W. Fischer
Morning — Divine services at 11
Evening— Sermon by the rector.
o'clock.
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough. ________
• Rev. E. Nelander..
Morning— "A Successful Life." Evening-
Sermon by pastor.
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jackson.
Rev. W. :
j Morning— "l Ask Therefore for What In-
tent Ye Have Sent For Me?" Evening—
"Let Your Light So Shine."
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. K.
Morning — "Methodism," followed by adult
Baptism and reception of members. Even-
ing— "General Shafter and the Army
Canteen."
First M. E. Church, Powell and Wash-
ington streets.
Rev. W. S. Unny
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
—Sermon and song service.
Evening
Rev. H.
at 11 o'clock. Even-
by recital of prayer
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Grace Methodist Episcopal,
and Capp streets.
. Twenty-flrst
Rev. J. N.
by the rector.
Evening
Rev. J. A. B.
Morning — Sermon by S. N\ Senetor. Even-
Ing — Special services in honor of the an-
niversary of the birth of the oldest living
Methodist.
Howard Street M. BJ. Church, Howard
street, near Third.
Potrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and
streets.
Rev. D. W. Chllson.
lorning— Sabbath service at 11. Evening
— Sermon and instruction by the pastor
at S o'clock.
Richmond Methodist. Fourth avenue
Clement street. _,
Rev. G. W. Beatty
g— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
service and the recital of prayer.
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street,
tween Gough and Octavla.
Rev. C.
Morning — Special sermon by the rector.
Evening— No service.
Epworth M~ E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets.'
Rev. W. M.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon, followed by
prayer service.
Simpson Memorial M. B. Church,
and Buchanan streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
» by the pastor, followed by
Evening— Same.
song service.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, Franklin
Vallejo streets. ______
Rev. D. James
Morning— Sermon and Instruction at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
. Calvary Presbyterian,
streets.
Geary and Powell
Rev. J. Hemphlll...
Morning— Sabbath services at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon by the rector on a spe-
cially chosen subject.
First Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
Morning— Sermon by Dr. Mackenzie. Even-
ing—Address and prayer service.
First United Presbyterian, Golden date
avenue and Polk street.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock.
Sermon by the rector.
Evening —
St. John's . Presbyterian, California and
Octavla streets.
Rev. R. Llddell
Morning— Sermon by W. A. Quthrie at 11:
Sabbath school at 9:45. Evening— Sermon
by Dr. Guthrie.
— i
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth
Railroad avenues.
Rev. H. N. Bevler
Morning— "Ellsha In Dothan."
"Grace Abounding."
Evening —
Mi span Presbyterian,
Fifth, v
Rev. F. A. Doane
Morning— Sermon and grayer at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Song service and prayer reading.
Howard Presbyterian,
streets.
Oak
and
Rev. F. R. Farrand
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock
-"Bread in the Desert."
Evening
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
Rev. W. E. Dugan '.
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
— Same.
Evening
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and
Capp streets. - '.'■■
Rev. A. N. Carson
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening-
Sermon by the rector.
Westminster Presbyterian. Page and Web-
ster streets.
Rev. S. S. Cryor
Morning— "Closing Events of This Dispensa-
tion; the Restoration of the Jews." Even-
Ing— "Who Was Jesus of Nazareth?" with
a prelude on our new American policy.
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets.
Rev. Dr. Stebbina
Morning— Sunday school at 10; divine ser-
vice at 11. Evening— No service.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets.
Rev. A. J. Wells
Morning — Xo service during August. Even-
ing— "Providence."
■ Gospel Hall,
lencia.
near Va-
Believers gathered to the name of the
Lord Jesus Christ
Morning— Breaking: bread. Evening— Gospel
preaching irons the "Book."
> _____ 1
v St. Alban's Church, 102 O'Farrell street.
►. i
Rev. Erasmus Van Deerlln
~.ui mvg — irra
. mon at 11
r.
mEga
■■
. rv. :;. ".
HALES.
tailor-made
suits — reductions
Ladles' bayadere herringbone suits, - GL^T-BO
blouse front, five buttons on side, silk- *P •
lined throughout, bound with velvet; fancy but-
tons, skirt percaline lined: colors, green and
brown; sizes, 84 to 40; reduced }10 to $7 50.
English tan tweed suits, Jacket 20 C 0.50
inches long, fly front, silk lined «JJ*J
throughout, skirt" pereallne lined, stitched
seams, velvet bound; 34 to 36;, reduced from
111 60 to $8 50.
Covert cloth tailor-made suit. fir 1 IT 00
jacket 20 Inches long, fly f ront.coattP ■ v/
back, 2 fly pockets, stitched seams, silk lined
throughout. « skirt percaline lined, -tailor
stitched seams; I sices, 34 to 40; reduced $12 50
to $10.
novelty silk skirt
Black gros . grain, fancy bayadere G'^T.tiO
and satin dots, percaline lined, vel- <P C
vet bound, 7 gored, full length.
from our fancy department
800 yds. Pillow Case Lace, assorted £?/■»
patterns, from 3 In. to 6% in. wide.. — O>*
Yard
400 yds. Cambric Embroidery, "from 4
In. to 10 In. wide. A ' fine assortment ICT/-»
of fancy patterns. Value 25c. gale's MOV
offer .Yard
35 doz. Ladles' Colored Japanese '*T I *-*
Silk Handkerchiefs, scalloped and em- C aY/
broldered, assorted colors ...........' Each
66 do's. Ladles' Fine Swiss Handker- Or*
chiefs, Marie Antoinette edge, regular t/w [
price 12V»c Each
675 yds. of Plain and Chenille : Dot Or*
Silk Veiling. 18 in. wide. In Brown, *J\*
Navy and Black Yard I
HALES.
corsets that do
fit the figure
Did you ever buy corsets fitted In a private
room by ladles who fit corsets and do nothing
else? We have the corsets, the rooms and the
help! .
w Hal kid ■ fitting corset, covered with fine
French sateen, boned with horn bone, corded
bust, 2 side steels, silk embroidered top silk
stitched top and bottom, 4 hooks CO 25
long waist ; «J>!£
-. Our special , corset for present fashion—
bust and slim figure— a whalebone hip, covered
with black sateen, closely stripped and
strengthened with coraline, 5 hooks fir 1 .50
silk embroidered top ........r tj>l
Hale's kid fitting nursery corset, covered with
fine sateen, closely boned, long waist, ■■' C* 1 .OO
clasp front, 6 hooks, drab and black tJJm-
With the long redlngotes and extremely tight
fitting tailor costumes, which will be worn this
fall, ; how necessary to have good corsets— cor-
sets such as we speak of in this advertise
• Hale's kid fitting waist, button or steel' in
front, soft, full bust, corded body, <£ 100
colors drab and black .....:...... tj>l
A corset for $1 that will not contract, expand,
warp, or in any way change is worth - much
more than a dollar, both for comfort and for
looks.' • ■
little
notions ;
Plain and fancy stamped leather belts... 18c
Silk binding. ribbon ..:.:. '.;„..'...". piece. .xOc
Franklin tape, all sizes each., 2c
O. N. T. spool cotton. ......7 5p0015. .25c
Milward's needles ...................paper.. 3o
■Eagle, pins .......; ..'............paper.. .3e
6 hook black corset steels ........ pair.. 4c
Darning cotton .'..ba11.;- 2c
. Rapid hooks and eye 5............ X dozen. .lOc
HAUE'S.
This big chinaware and semi-
porcelain sale takes place in our
big basement and is really the
first big event since we opened
this housefurnishing department
domestic
department
attractions
ginghams i\c yd
2000 yards in blue and white, brown and
white checks and fancy dress plaids.
wrapper flannels 30c yd
New wool, dark colors, plaids
and stripes, 70 patterns aud col- A{\/-*
orings (see window display), bet-T'VFw
ter grade Yard
eiderdowns 30c yd
New flannels, 2* Inches wide, PZf\r*
fancy 6tripes in ten colorings; OVfW
another llr.e In fancy plaids Yard
blankets $3.45 pr
White wool, silk bound, with small per-
centage of cotton, 62x80 Inches, pink and
scarlet borders.
Pure White All-wool Blankets.
fine selected fleece, 72x54, weighttJJO
S pounds Pair
spreads $1.20
White Marseilles, full elase, hemmed,
good heavy quality.
cotton blankets 45c pr
Gray and white, size 66x74 inches, col-
ored borders, value tic.
wamsatta mnslin 8c yd
Bleached, 36 Inches wide, an extra fine
muslin.
percales 10c yd
1200 yards, 31 Inches wide, dark-red
grounds, plaid patterns, regularly 12c
Smyrna rngs 50c up
Don't advertise these very often, they
sell so readily when displayed In our
drapery department. "We make, to-day
a special price on these goods.
Size 16x30. reg. 70c, this week sOc
Size ISx34. reg. 95c, this week 75e
Size 21x40. reg. $1 25, this week SI. On
Size 26x52, reg. t\ 95, this week 81.3t>
Size 30x60, reg. $2 4r>, this week $1 .85
Size 36x72, reg. $3 25, this week $2.50
notice to
ont=oMown customers
Send in your name for our
new fall and winter catalogue;
we always try to fill orders com-
pletely from our Sunday adver-
tising, but please write as soon
as you can ; it's best for you and
so much more satisfactory.
<» Lebanon Presbyterian ' Church, Sanchez
4- and Twenty-third streets. Rev. R. W.
<!> Reynolds. Morning-— "Christian Cour
<s> age." Evening— Faithful Say
♦ ins."
>♦)-•■■ vO '■. . ■■'■ . ' ■...'.. ... .
Service of Patriotic Music.
To-day at 3 o'clock the service at the
Young Men's Christian Association Au
ditorium, Mason and Ellis streets, will
be a patriotic praise service, the last in
the series of patriotic mass meetings
which have been held during the past
three months. The programme has been
arranged by the Knickerbocker mala
quartet, assisted by Miss Xena Roberts
Mrs. Eva Tenncy. Miss Alice M. Woods'
Miss Nellie Shipley. Miss R. Frances'
Luse. and Roscoe Warren Lucy, accom
panist. The publis is invited to attend.
AD VEB JISEKLEN^S.
♦ 4- +4-+ ♦■ 4-4- 4- + + 4-4- ++ «
♦ ■;•,. -:■:; -.- - . • -■ / : ■-' ■- -f
4. "THE CREDIT HOUSE." 4.
4- Six Stories High. .4,
♦ — . . c-^. ; • /-,■ ; /4
4- •. _ . '^^«_~ m mtmn ■ ".:•♦»:
■*■ flßFS^^B"vT'"^* " j^^?"^ 4-
"*" 3Lfc4|ra'BMH9S^BL^ 7/^ 4-
~ P Pi "^o~^K!!smß ~' J I
4- II ■*'"" r -"..;L".»r' 1 V r-.B i^B "*"
HE jHPT'^^^^' '■ - : ***
▼■ ;■ ■ ' ■' • " " ■ ' " ' - ' ■!:"'■ ""' " - - £ - f* /
+ Mahogany-finished . Parlor 4.
4- Table ; fancy top and (IM KC\ 4/
J shelf; top 24x24 in..:eDl«_^ ♦
4- *; ~~ ~~~- . ■ --4;.'
4. Solid Oak Sideboard for your table 4-
4. service and light refreshments; : a step- 4.
4. saver in the" households ........; $9.00 4-
4- A good Ward single door and .4
4- bottom drawer, inside shelf and 4-
4- h00k5. .....;.:..;.;....;.:.;..;..„;; $4.75 4-
£ Fine: line of Office Furniture; roll- "♦"
: . top desks at all prices, beginning 4.
■■■t" at .:................. $9.00 4-
^— — — ■♦•
4. Carpet Department. 4-
4. ■ , —-"• k - ; .4.
4. A new departure; Corner Rugs in 4-,
4. Tapestry, Brussels, , Moquettes and 4-
■+ Velvets, 3^j feet .5quare....:...".... 50c 4-
4. Carpets galore; all the new designs; 4-
4. every quality worth having. V : / 4-
>:";■ : ■•> -••■ ■-■ '/. ,- />;;
4- Free delivery la Oakland, Alameda "*"
4- and Berkeley. -J" ' ■'- :;.'/. '" * v 4
4. '^ r ' ■■' ' ' ■ ■' ' "'4-
M. FRIEDMAN & CO. ♦
> r 233-235-237 Post Street: X
4" Near Stockton. Open Evenings, 4
©'♦"♦-'♦"f44-4-4-4-4-4'4--f4-4-i