VOLUME LXXXIII.— XO. 115.
THE CRISIS NEAR AT HAND,
WAR TALK GROWS LOUDER.
NAVAL REPORT
HAS REACHED
THE CAPITAL
Guarded by Armed Men, It Will
Be Delivered by Captain Marix
to Secretary Long* To-Day.
NEW YORK, March 24.— The
Herald's Washington correspond
ent telegraphs : President McKin
ley's anxiety as to the full details
of the Maine disaster will be re
lieved to-morrow. The report of
the Court of Inquiry, which has
been awaited with anxiety, not only
by the United States and Spain,
but by the civilized world, arrived
in Washington to-night. It was in
possession of Lieutenant Com
mander Marix, judge advocate of
the court. A remarkable scene
was enacted at the Pennsylvania
Railroad station upon the arrival
of the Florida .Central train upon
H'hich Lieutenant Commander
Marix and his escort traveled.
Long before the hour for the ar
rival of the train the station and
the streets were thronged with a
crowd of curious men and women,
anxious to catch a glimpse of the
men bearing the important docu
ment and perhaps to see the bag
in which it was contained.
With Lieutenant - Commander
Marix were Lieutenant John Hood,
Lieutenant Karl Jungern, Passed
Assistant Engineer Bowers, Naval
Cadet Bronson, Carpenter Helms
and M. E. Marix, nephew of the
lieutenant-commander. Waiting to
meet them at the station was En
sign Ward, who had been detailed
for this duty by Secretary Long.
All the gates leading to the train
shed were locked to keep out the
crowd, which pressed forward toj
the railing and broke into cheers I
as the train pulled into the sta
tion.
Ensign Ward had provided two
cabs, which were stationed at the
Sixth-street side of the station,
near the door of the baggage-room.
The crowd was avoided by Lieu
tenant-Commander Marix and his
escort passing through the baggage
room to the waiting cabs. Lieu
tenant Hood headed the little pro
cession with the precious report in
a canvas ba^ which he carried
flung over his shoulder in plain
sight. Ail of the crowd caught
sight of them and hurried around
to the sidewalk just as the officers
emerged from the station.
One of those in front jostled
Lieutenant Hood and touched the
SPANISH TORPEDO FLOTILLA LEAVING TENERIFFE, BOUND FOR PORTO RICO.
SOME STRAIGHT TALK.
LONDON, March 24. — The
Daily Graphic says editorially
this morning: "We think it time
that Washington cease wob
bling. Weeks ago it was said
that the starting of the Spanish
torpedo flotilla for the West In
dies would compel America to
declare war. To-day the flotilla
is steaming straight for Porto
Rico. Meanwhile acute Senators
in Washington and over-clever
journalists^ in New York are
planning ingenious campaigns to
fix the odium of declaring war
on Spain.'
"Surely this is unworthy' of the
American people. Two clear
lines of policy are before Presi
dent McKinley: Either to co
operate \vith the Sagasta cabinet
in making Cuban home rule a
reality, or to give Spain peremp
tory notice to quit.
"To avoid both courses is to
turn the terrible Maine disaster
into a sort of gruesome red her
ring. If President McKinley
does not mean war let him say
so, and the horrors in Cuba will
soon be mitigated."
bag containing the report. Quick
as a flush Lieutenant Hood pulled
a revolver from his pocket, at the
sight ot which the crowd recoiled
as at the same instant Passed As
sistant Engineer Bowers ran to
the side of Hood with a drawn ro
volver in his hand.
All the officers except Cadet
Bronson, who took the next train
for his home in New York, quickly
entered waiting cabs which were
driven rapidly through Pennsylva
nia avenue to Fourteenth street
j and thence to the Ebbitt House,
followed by a number of cabs con
taining newspaper men.
Secretary Long had instructed
Ensign Ward to tell Lieutenant-
Commander Marix that the Secre
tary did not wish the report de
livered until office hours to-morrow
morning and that he should retain
possession of it until that time. In
pursuance of these instructions
the report was taken to the Ebbitt
House, where the rooms which
had been secured for the officers
were the identical apartments
which were occupied by President
and Mrs. McKin'ey when the
President was a Representative in
Congress. The entire party then
went to their rooms, except Mr. H.
The San Francisco Call
CAPTAIN WILLIAM T. SAMPSON, U. S. N., Who Succeeds Rear Admiral Sicard-
E. Marix, who remained in the
hotel lobby to answer the ques
tions of the newspaper men and
tell the story of the trip. The
officers took turns in going to
dinner, one or more being at all
times left in the room with the
report.
Lieutenant - Commander Marix
and his companions looked tired
and travel stained when they
reached the hotel and retired
early for a good night's sleep
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
.before presenting the report to
the Secretary of the Navy to
morrow.
Mr. Marix told me that the en
tire party was very much fa
tigued by the journey and by the
anxiety they had been under for
the safety of the report. The
journey had been one of constant
excitement, as in all the large
cities, and even small towns,
crowds had gathered at the sta
tions and peered into the car win
dows and cheered the train. The
officers were very anxious during
the trip to know about the state of
feeling in Washington, and all
southbound passengers who had
been met in the stations had been
questioned on this point. They
were all glad that their journey
was over,- and would be much re
lieved to-morrow to have their re
sponsibility for the safety of the
report terminated by handing it to
the Secretary of the Navy.
YET SPAIN
IS TALKING
OF PEACE
While Sending a Menace
of War Across the
Sea.
Court of Inquiry Report Arrives,
and Senators Say If Inter
vention Means War
Let War Come.
NEW YORK, March 24.— The Her-
aid's Washington correspondent tele- !
graphs: With war talk everywhere
and the War and Navy Departments
straining every effort to get ready
for war, the President and his officir.l
advisers are cool and deliberate in
the consideration of the many ugly
phases of the entire situation which
are now rapidly bringing matters to
a climax.
As hard as have /been their labors
since the Maine catastrophe, the
cruel test of their strength and abil
ity to cope with the great problems
with which they are confronted will
come \^thin the week. Everybody
stj*"** we are on the brink of war.
Wb>* will precipitate the fatal
plunge between the two countries in
volved? Will they be able to halt
long enough for something to hap
pen that will enable the fatal leap to
be avoided and the path of peace to
be retracedP
President McKinley is an optimist, j
Time is the essence of the situation, j
In the face of the extreme gravity
of the situation he hopes that some
thing may yet nappen to avert hos- I
tilites. What that something is he \
probably does not know himself, but '•
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy and unsettled weather
on Friday, with occasional showers;
fresh southwesterly wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 52 degrees
Portland 40 degrees
Los Ang-eles fiS degrees
San Dleso 60 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
The Crisis Near at Hand.
Naval Report Reaches Washington.
SECOND PAGE.
The President Wants Time.
Sampson Takes Slcard's Place.
Spain's Torpedo Fleet Sails.
Ammunition for Big Guns.
Maine Destroyed by a Mine.
Activity at Mare Island.
Ship In Distress Off Tomales.
THIRD PAGE.
Fighting the San Jose Gang.
Clever Woman Swindler.
Frost Follows the Drouth.
Search for the Train Robbers.
Good Scores by Marksmen.
San Rafael Flower Show.
FOmTH PAGE.
Twin Battleships Launched.
Laying Plans of Campaign.
Senator Thurston's Bitter Speecll.
Captain Marix's Wife Talks.
FIFTH PAGE.
Floods In Eastern Rivers.
Imposes a Fine and Pays It.
Chapman Is Convicted. 4
Fight for State Text Books.
Inspection of Freight Needed.
Jenkins' Body Recovered.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
War for the Sake of Peace.
Doleful Times in Hawaii.
Street Contractors' Rings.
Gorman and Hill.
On the Speaker's Desk.
Answers to Correspondents.
Notes From the Corridors.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Notable English Greyhound!.
Irene Lynch Found.
EIGHTH PAGE.
The Press Club's New Home.
The Almy's Hulk Still Afloat
Electricity as a Monopoly.
How Berkeley Girls Train.
News Along the Water Front.
Burkes Murderer Will Plead In
sanity.
NINTH PAGE.
Primary Law Unconstitutional.
Revenue Deputies Dismissed.
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
A Woman Stricken Dumb.
News From Across the Bay.
Lives Endangered by Firebugs.
Opposed to the New Numbers.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Racing at Ingleslde.
Romances of Bank Books.
Baldwin Grotto as a Music Hall. .
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
The Ferry Scandal.
Exposition Committee Appointed.
Ruled Off the Track.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SENATORS
DECLARE
FOR WAR
WASHINGTON. March 24.— "1n
my opinion we have left to us but
one question— ought we, for hu
manity's sake, to interfere in the
conduct of war by Spain?
"Interferenceundoubtedly means
war. Even if it does, 1 am for in
terference, and want that inter
ference to be undertaken at once.
If Spain, at our demand, in the in
terest of humanity, will allow the
reconcentrados to return to their
homes and their ordinary pursuits
and permit us to extend our chari
ties to them In our own way, war
need not be involved."— Senator VV.
F. Frye of Maine.
"The only reason why resolu
tions recognizing Cuban independ
ence will not be presented at this
time is that their consideration
might open the way to acrimonious
and unwise debate. I believe, in
the present emergency, nothing
should be done to hamper in any
way the movements of the execu.
tive branch of the Government. I
can see no need of further debate
of the Cuban question until we get
something substantial to act upon,
and we will have that in a few
days."— Senator A. O. Bacon of
Georgia.
"The situation to-day !s one of
expectancy as to the verdict : one
of determination to assert the con
viction of the duty that the Ameri
can people feel to be incumbent
upon them of terminating the war
in Cuba, and relieving the people
and giving them a chance to sus
tain life and renew their fortunes.
I believe all this is comprehended
In the President's policy, and I
know the Senate stands ready to
sustain him, man to man, although
It may lead to war."— Senator John
Morgan of Alabama.
when asked by his friends if it is
going to be war or peace he invari
ably declares that he has not aban
doned hope of averting war.
Everything that has happened to
day adds to the gravity of the situa
tion. The departure of the Spanish
torpedo flotilla from the Canary
Islands for Cuban waters; the speech
of Thurston in the Senate; the ad
ditional preparations hastened in
consequence of the news of the sail
ing of the Spanish flotilla; the ar
rival to-night of Lieutenant - Com
mander Marix with the report of the
Court of Inquiry, and tne continued
consultations of the President with
the Democratic leaders have all tend
ed to inflame the public mind, and
in all quarters there is a feeling of
anxiety while waiting for the devel
opments of next week.
Aside from the President and some
of the members of his Cabinet, there
are few men in Washington who will
say they have any longer much .Uopa
that war can be averted. One whole
some sign to-day is that in the face
of an impending crisis the jingoes
are becoming alarmed and are say
ing now: 4 'Let us wait for the Pres
ident before doing anything radi
cal." What their attitude will be
when the President is heard from
and the Maine report is made public
is another question. It is realized
everywhere that the imminent dan
ger at present is in Congress. The
President has done everything pos-
sible by conferences with the leaders
of both parties to prevent an in
flammatory outbreak, and it is prob
able, unless some unforeseen event
occurs, that the Maine report •will be
received in both houses without de
bate and Congress will wait with
more or less impatience the further2
THE PRESIDENT
VERY ANXIOUS
TO GAIN TIME
He Does Not Want to Act in the
Cuban Matter Until the
Middle of April.
NEW YORK. March 24.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
President McKinley desires that the United States shall present an un
broken front in every step that is taken in the impending crisis with
Spain. He is particularly anxious that there be no misconstruction of
the pauses which he may feel called upon to make between the differ
ent steps which he has tentatively outlined and that no intemperate and
impatient speeches may be made in Congress.
For Tills purpose he is continuing his conferences with leading Sen
ators and Representatives. Many of the men with whom the President
has talked have been given to understand that Mr. McKinley was anx
ious for delay until at least the middle of April before resorting to the
extreme measure of intervention in Cuba. They have gathered that he
desired Brsi to send Bupplies to the suffering people in merchant vessels
if Spain 'lid not object, and in men-of-war if she did object.
if Spain accepted this as a cause of war, the responsibility for
bringing on the conflict would rest on that country. There would be
tir.:e to try this polity before April 15, and by that date more decisive
measures could be adopted if necessary. There were reasons, the Pres
ident said, which he could not divulge, which led him to desire this de
lay.
I understand that the suggestion for delay was favorably received
by most of the men to whom it was made, but that it me; with oppo
sition from certain prominent Republican Senators. Among those the
President summoned to the White House to-day were Representative
Bailey. Democratic leader in the House, and Representative Sayres, the
- mncratie member on the Committee on Appropriations. With
Mr. Sayres his talk was principally on the proposition to make an ap
propriation for the relief of the starving subjects of Spain in Cuba. He
was given to understand that this would meet with no opposition from
Mr. Sayres.
Mr. ISailey was very reticent as to what occurred during his inter
view. In his talk the President gave the impression that he would
transmit the report of the Court of Inquiry to both houses on Monday,
with little comment and without recommendation, but with the an
at that within a few days he would send a message transmit
ting the Cuban correspondence. It will ask for an appropriation for the
relief of the starving people in Cuba, whether within the Spanish lines
or within the insurgent lines.
One of the prominent Democratic Senators with whom the Presi
dent has talked strongly advised Mr. MoKlnley to formulate a definite
plan before Bending any recommendations to Congress. He told him
that if the Maine report and Cuban correspondence should be sent to
Congress without recommendations of a definite character, there would
be danger of acrimonious debate, which might result in some ill-timed
action.
communication they are to expect
from the President.
Cablegrams coming from three
different sources announcing that
Spain's formidable torpedo flotilla
was headed in this direction were the
principal disturbing element in the
developments of the day. In the
Navy Department the news created
a great stir. It caused renewed
activity in the work of naval prep
arations and resulted in the prompt
allotment of an additional million
dollars for the purchase and fitting
out of an improvised torpedo fleet.
But while the Navy Department
was disposed to regard the sailing
of Spain's fleet from tho Canaries as
a menace, the State Department, after
a conference with the Spanish Min
ister, announced that no objection
could be probably raised against the
fleet coming in this direction, and
that it in no sense aggravated the
situation.
Although it had been previously
Intimated to Spain through her Min
ister here that it would be wiser, in
the interests of peace, if Spain's tor
pedo flotilla was kept at the Canary
Islands, officials of the State Depart
ment told me to-day that in the light
of the explanation made by Spain
we could not regard the movement as
a hostile one.
"It was formally announced." this
official said, "two months ago. that
Spr.in had equipped a torpedo fleet
for self-defense in Cuban and Porto
Hi can waters, and unless the United
States is prepared to declare wai no
objection can be made to its sailing.
Besides, we cannot imagine that
Spain would be so foolhardy as to
Bend a small fleet of torpedo-boats
over here in the face of our tremen
dous battle-ships if it was really
their intention to make war upon
us."
There is a feeling at the State De
partment, not born entirely of the
imagination, that the Sagasta min
istry ordered the dispatch of the
torpedo fleet from the Canary Islands
for the purpose of the moral effect
such action would have upon the elec
tions which are about to come off in
Spain. It is surmised that this was
privately hinted by Minister Polo
de Bernabe as a part of the explana
tion which he made to the State De
partment to-day.
The warlike preparations on the
part of Spain are believed in many
quarters to be for their moral effect
at home rather than for the purpose
of making war upon the United
States. It is realized that the Sa
gasta ministry will have to show a
bold front, even if it does not mean
it, for its own preservation, and as
far as the administration here is
concerned it would much rather see
the present Government sustained in
the forthcoming elections than have
it fail. The authorities consider there
is much more chance of a peacefu}
outcome with the present Spanish
ministry than with the Conservative
party if it should again come into
power on a war wave.
As ugly as the situation is, with
the probability of its becoming even
much graver, there is still a feeling
in the Cabinet that actual war with
Spain may yet be averted, though
the continued perfection of the com
prehensive military and naval plans
would indicate that the President
thought war inevitable in the end.
The possibilities of mediation at
the time when the war clouds are
darkest are being discussed. The
suggestion in this morning's cable
from Madrid that Spain would ask
France to offer mediation when she
finds that she must give up the
island of Cuba or fight is. regarded
as a possible means of avoiding war.
It is remembered, too, that the Her
ald recently stated in a Madrid dis
patch that the Sagasta ministry
hinted at the possibility of the inde
pendence of Cuba, with the sugges
tion that such a result would have
to come through the mediation of
some third and friendly power. This
was regarded here as a semi-official
statement that Spain, rather than go
to war with the United States, would
ask for mediation from some other
European power, and that the inde
pendence of Cuba might be accom
plished after all without war with
this country.
In the light of all these possibili
ties the President, who fully appre
ciates all the horrors of war, is very
earnest in his desire that nothing
should be done in this country to
precipitate hostilities. Hence his
caution and his desire to avoid any
inflammatory outbursts in Congress.
Following the announcement to
day that the torpedo flotilla had left
the Canaries came this avAonnce
ment by Secretary Long, l in<fic»*^tju^
the placing of our squadron and>^att
on a war footing:
"Admiral Sicard has been grantea
leave, very much to the regret of the
Navy Department, on account of ill
health.
"Captain Sampson has been made
commander of the fleet at Key West.
"Captain Evans has been ordered
to take command of the battle-ship
lowa,
"The orders to the squadron in
Hampton Roads have not yet been
issued."
Although the announcement did
not so state, it soon became known
that Commodore W. Schley was slated
to command the "flying squadron."
This announcement was recognized
at once as of unusual importance at
this juncture. Admiral Sicard has
been in command of the fleet at Key
West throughout the critical period
of the Maine disaster. Captain Samp
son has been in command of the
lowa, but more recently has been
conspicuous before the public as
president of the Maine Court of In
quiry. Captain Robley Evans is bet
ter known as "Fighting Bob."
THURSTON'S SPEECH
COMMENTED UPON.
The Standard Censures It as "A Fla
grant Example of Recklessness
in Goading Spain to War."
LONDON, March 25.— The Standard
this morning, commenting editorially
on the cabled abstracts of Senator
Thurpton's speech in the United States
Senate yesterday, severely censures it
as a flagrant example of the reckless
ness of American politicians in goading
the Spanish people to war.
The editorial proceeds: "Such ora
tory only adds to the insults Spain has
borne hitherto with a proud calm which
has won European respect and should
have shamed even bellicose Senators.
Such folly is unpardonable in a rep
resentative of a great nation that is
forever declaring its affection for high
principles. If, however, Mr. Thurston
was aware of the intentions of the
Washington Government, the speech
was significant, for the Government
would scarcely employ a speaker so
deficient in self-restraint unless it
wished the public mind to be fuily pre
pared for war. Fortunately, there is
no clear evidence yet that President
McKinley is of Mr. Thurston's way of
thinking."
The Daily News in an editorial on the
"•'inflict between Congress and Presi
dent McKinley," says: "It- is no won
der, after the horrors of the Weyler
regime in Cuba, that the President finds
it hard to hold Congress in hand."
OFFICERS OF THE MAINE
WILL PROCEED NORTH.
Lieutenan. Commander Wainwright
to Be Left in Charge of Wreck
ing Operations.
HAVANA, March 24.— Orders to re
turn home were received this afternoon
by Captain Sigsbee and other officers
of the Maine, now here, and all will go
north, except Lieutenant Commander
Wainwright. Chaplain Chadwick will
go- with the officers. Lieutenant Com
mander Wainwright, who will remain
In charge of the wrecking operations,
will have his quarters as now, on the
Fern, Commander Cowles commanding.
Captain Sigsbee and his brother officers
expect to leave for the north by the
steamer Olivette on Saturday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
ACTIVITY AT
MARE ISLAND
All the Talk at the Navy
Yard Is Now of
War.
Blue Jackets, Marines and Offi
cers Envy Their Brethren
in the East and South.
Spirit of Patriotism Possessed by the
Mechanics, Who Are Rushing
Work on the Warships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, March 24.— A1l the talk
here is for war. "Jackies" speak in en
vious tones of the fellows who are
serving on the Atlantic coast: the ma
rines who pace the peaceful sentry
beats of Mare Island are as alert as
though they momentarily expected to
stumble upon a landing force from
some Spanish warship, while the offi
cers bustle about in the full glory of
their brilliant uniforms, hopeful that
the authorities at Washington will rec
ognize the value of their swords and
summon them to more promising
scenes of activity. Even the hundreds
of shipwrights, calkers, riggers, foun
drymen, machinists and other mechan
ics employed at the yard go at their
work with a vim that shows their
hearts are in their work, and that it
needs no overseer to hurry them along.
Not for years has there been so large
a force employed as at present, and
day and night the navy yard is aglow
with the glare of furnaces and re
sounds with the ring of hammers. Sun
day sees no cessation of the war prep
arations, every available man and boy
working day and night, with no inter
vening day of rest.
The cruiser Philadelphia has been
hauled in from the stream and lies
alongside the quay wall, near the
Charleston. The gunboat Yorktown
has also been towed to the wall, and
all three ships fairly swarm with men
at all hours. The Charleston is rapidly
nearing completion, and will be ready
to go into commission in a compara
tively short time. The Yorktown, too,
is nearly ready for sea, and the pur
chase of supplies for both is now being
m a «le.
The Philadelphia will take longer to
get ready for service, but those in
(liaise of the work on her say she will
be completed by the time her guns get
here. When she went out of commis
sion her grins were shipped to Wash
ington to be remodeled into rapid-fire
pieces a work that requires considera
ble time. When orders were received
t<> get her ready for sea at once it was
reported that the Yorktown's guns
would be mounted on her, but this
seems hardly probable, as they are
comparatively small and few in num
ber, and the big cruiser would be no
more effective with them than the
smaller craft would be, so it is likely
that she will wait here until her own
weapons are returned to her.
No assignment of officers to either
of these three ships has been made yet,
and there is much speculation as to
who will be placed in command of
them. Moreover, men will have to be
enlisted to make up their crews, for
there are only a few available seamen
at the yard. There are at present 196
marines at the yard, and when details
have been told off for the three ships
more men will have to be enlisted for
that branch of the service, provided
all the ships now on the coast are kept
in commission. Then there arises the
question of sparaen and marines for
the revenue cutters, provided they are
transferred to the navy. Those vessels
ordinarily carry only enough men to
work the ship, and if more gains are
mounted it will be necessary to provide
larger crews. So it looks as though
there is likely to be a heavy demand
for sailors and marines In the imme
diate future.
Lieutenant-Commander Thomas S.
Phelps Jr., formerly executive officer
of the receiving-ship Independence,
who accompanied President Dole of
Hawaii on his trip to Washington as
naval aid, has been appointed chief
aid to Rear- Admiral Kirkland, com
mandant of the Mare Island Navy
yard. ________^_— —
THE HOUSE DEBATES
THE NAVAL BILL
Members Who Favor Aggressive
Action Are Applauded to the
Echo by the Galleries.
WASHINGTON, March 24.— The na
val appropriation bill was taken up in
the House to-day, and after considera
ble difficulty an arrangement was
made to close general debate at 1
o'clock to-morrow. There was great
pressure for time, but the leaders de
cided to limit, as far as possible, the
opportunity for Inflammatory utter
ances. The debate to-day was not on
sensational lines, but every radical ex
pression was cheered to the echo by
the crowded galleries. The speeches
of Messrs. Dayton of West Virginia
and Arnold of Pennsylvania, both of
whom took advanced positions In favor
of aggressive action to stop the war in
Cuba, aroused intense enthusiasm.
Messrs. Boutelle, chairman of the Na
val Committee, and Myer (D.) of
Louisiana, also a member of the com
mittee, confined their remarks closely
to the bill and the extraordinary emer
gency which necessitated the large in
crease it carried. Several of the other
speakers discussed political questions.
YACHTS AND fuGS
FOR USE IN WAR.
The Navy Department Has Bought
Eight of These Small Craft in
the Eastern Cities.
WASHINGTON, March 24.— The Navy
Department has succeeded in purchas
ing eight steam yachts and four steam
tugs, presumably at or near New
York, for use in the auxiliary naval
fleet. The boats are about 400 tons
each, and in an emergency would be
suitable as torpedo-boats. The yachts
purchased are among the fleetest along
the Atlantic coast, and are said to be
somewhat similar to the Mayflower,
recently purchased from the Ogden
Goelet estate. This acquisition to the
navy is regarded as an exceptionally
valuable one at the present time, as the
greatest need is felt for small craft
suitable as torpedo-boats and dispatch
boats. There was additional satisfac
tion at the Navy Department at the
large number secured in a single pur
chase. The names and amounts paid
for the various yachts and tugs are
not disclosed, as it is said this would
prove an embarrassment to the Gov
ernment in promoting speculation on
other craft for which negotiations are
now pending.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund th» money If it fails to cure
Kc. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
AMMUNITION
FOR THE GUNS
Supply From the East Be
ing Hauled to Presidio
and Lime Point
High Power Projectiles That
Will Be Used to Defend
This Harbor.
At the Military Post There Is Great
Activity and Many Apply
for Enlistment
The large supply of ammunition for
the high-power guns which was re
cently shipped from Eastern arsenals
by special train for San Francisco ar
rived yesterday. The greatest activity
was at once manifested by the ord
nance department to transfer the am
munition from the freight yards of the
Southern Pacific to the magazines of
the Presidio and Lime "Point before the
public was apprised of the arrival of
additional war munitions.
The contract for transferring the
projectiles from the cars to the maga
zines was awarded to Morton & Co.
A force of drays was put on yesterday,
and will be doubled to-day in order to
hasten the transfer.
It was well known to General Shaf- j
ter and the officers of the Ordnance
Bureau that there was a great defi
ciency in projectiles for theloandl2inch
breech loading rifles. On proper repre
sentation of the facts to General Flag
ler, Chief of Ordnance, Washington, O.
C, a train load of projectiles was dis
patched without delay across the con
tinent.
A short time ago a large quantity of
powder was brought from Benicia Ar-
I senal and placed in the magazines of
; the Presidio and Fort Baker. The pow
der was delivered at the Presidio wharf
1 from a schooner chartered for the pur
' pose of bringing it to the reservation,
and therefore it did not pass through
: the city in violation of the municipal
i ordinance.
The shells which are being conveyed
from the freight yards to the maga
zines by Morton & Co.'s drays are not
charged, but will be filled with explo
sives when their use is required The
bulk of the shipment consists of steel
projectiles, the heaviest weighing one |
thousand pounds each. |
The first installment of the new
high-power ammunition was received j
yesterday by Lieutenant W. S. McNair. :
! the newly appointed ordnance officer of |
the Presidio and Fort Baker. He as
! sumed the duties of the position yester-
I day according to direction given by
General Shafter, commanding the de- •
partment. _ I
The new twelve-inch rifle and the
disappearing carriage of prodigious
weight on which it is to be mountea
1 may arrive to-day. The ordnance offl
: cers of this department have been ad
vised of the shipment and are on the
I lookout for the gun. No time will be ,
: wasted in putting the new rifle in po- j
sition. The emplacement is ready, hay- I
i ing been finished by the engineers sev
eral days ago. When this gun is put
in its proper place on the extreme right
! of the twelve-inch battery there will
be high-power ordnaroe yf this de- i
i scription in position for defending the
i harbor:
At Fort Point— Five twelve-inch
i breech-loading rifles on barbette car
| rlages; five ten-inch breech-loading
> rifles on disappearing carriages; one
' twelve-inch rifle on disappearing car
i riage; sixteen twelve-inch rifled mor
; tars and three dynamite guns.
At" Lime Paint or Fort Baker— Three ;
; twelve-inch breech-loading rifles on
barbette carriages.
The Presidio is now in fighting trim.
| Ample supplies of brown prismatic |
I powder for the high-power guns can be
■ obtained on short notice from powder
plants on this coast. There is no longer
a deficiency in the supply of projectiles.
The force of artillerymen at the guns j
can be increased. According to Gen- i
eral Shafter's estimate the regular bat
i teries are able to keep the guns In read
! mess for immediate use. In the event !
I of hostile engagement volunteers would
j be called into service to ro-enforce the j
j regulars. It is calculated that veter- j
ans of the civil war and troops of the |
National Guard could be utilized.
There is considerable activity in en
listments at the Presidio recruiting
office, and many applications are made
to join the newly created regiments of
artillery. The Government does not
authorize transportation for recruits
from this station to New York or Balti
more, but when a good artilleryman
comes along with a request to re-enter
the service an effort is made to accom
modate him.
The distribution of the various arms
of the service under the rearrangement
of the geographical limits of the mili
tary departments is as follows:
Departments.
v
?;
.
lifornia 4 10 8 22
lorado 20 0 38 58
umbla 4 1 16 21
kota 221 0 24 46
at S 35 24 67
kes 2 1 S2 35
Rsouri 30 0 34 64
If 10 18 24 47
Totals 100 60 200 360
NAVAL RESERVES
WILL 'MAN MONITORS.
Governors of Massachusetts and New
York to Direct Their Naval
Militia to Take Charge.
BOSTON, March 24.— A dispatch to
the Herald from Washington says:
For the first time the militia is called
into service and the Governors of Mas
sachusetts and New York are requested
to direct their naval militia to assume
charge of the monitors assigned yes
terday for the protection of the harbors
of Boston and New York, in conjunc
tion with the land fortifications. The
orders, sent to Governor Wolcott of
Massachusetts and Governor Black of
New York for transmission to the com
manding officers of the naval militia,
inform them that they will be directed
to assume charge of the two monitors
assigned to each of those States to as
sist in the second line of defense. The
Boston men will be sent on board when
the monitors Catskill and Lehigh ar
rive, and the New Yorkers may proceed
to Philadelphia and take their two
ships around.
A naval officer will be in command
of each monitor and under him will
be naval militia officers and efficient
seamen from each organization to give
the ships their complements. Instruc
tions have also been sent to the West
ern organizations to hold themselves in
readiness for transportation to the
East, where they will be sent aboard
auxiliaries, and with what regular
sailors can be procured are to comprise
the crews. Illinois and Ohio have
large, well-drilled militia organiza
tions, and these will be first drawn on.
SPAIN'S TORPEDO
FLOTILLA SAILS
FOR AMERICA
Will Not Be Destroyed, Although
Washington Looks Upon the
Movement With Disfavor.
NEW YORK. March 24.—
A Herald special from Wash
ington says: Thirteen swift tor
pedo boat destroyers and tor
pedo boats, the hornets of the
Spanish navy, left the Canary
Islands to-day for Porto Rico.
As an indication of the anxiety
felt by the administration over
the movements of the flotilla and
the watchfulness maintained by
the representatives of this Gov
ernment abroad, in accordance
with instructions sent to them
from Washington, I understand
that information concerning the
departure of these vessels was
received from three different
sources — by the State depart
ment from Minister Woodford,
by the Navy Department from
Lieutenant G. L. Dyer, naval at
tache in Madrid, and by the War
Department from Captain T. H.
Bliss, military attache on Min
ister Woodford's staff.
As soon as Lieutenant Dyer's dispatch
reached the Navy Department Secretary
Long took it at once to the White
House and conferred with the President
in regard to the significance of Spain's
action and the policy which should be
pursued by this Government in the mat
ter. Shortly after Secretary Long's de
parture Assistant Secretary of State Day
called upon the President, and during
the afternoon, whether as the result of
a message sent by Mr. Day or 'not can
not be definitely stated. Minister Polo
de Bernabe, Spanish Minister, came to
the State Department and remained in
conference with the Assistant Secretary
for an hour.
There is reason to believe that Minis
ter Day and the Spanish Minister dis
cussed the action of Spain in ordering
the torpedo fleet to proceed on its
way to Porto Rico, and this discussion
was due undoubtedly to the desire of
the administration for an explanation.
Evidently the representations made by
the Spanish Minister were considered
satisfactory by the authorities, for it
was stated after his departure that no
formal protest had been made and that
the orders to the vessels to sail were due
to a desire on the part of the Sagasta
Ministry to placate the Spanish people.
POSITIVE PROOF
THAT A MINE
DID THE WORK
What Will Be Shown by the Re
port of the Court of Inquiry
Now at Washington.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 24.— With the departure of Lieutenant-
Commander Marix, bearing the report of the Court of Inquiry, the ex
treme reticence of navy officers has become somewhat relaxed. One
of these told me to-day that the main reason for the delay in sending
the report was due to the fact that the drawings furnished by Ensign
Powelson, the officer whose evidence showed that the keel of the Maine
had been driven to the surface, were rough sketches, and that an ex
.pert draughtsman was employed v go over the work under Mr. Powel
son's directions.
My informant believes that these drawings alone, with the testi
mony of Mr. Powelson, would convince any impartial tribunal that the
explosion which wrecked the Maine came from a point beneath the
keel. He believes further that the court is convinced that & power
ful mine wrought the work of disaster, and that this body has so
reported in the findings that have been sent to Washington.
The Marblehead is back from Dry Tortugas and her crew are
grateful for the breathing spell that has been afforded them. The ves
sel made two trips from Tampa to Dry Tortugas, transporting sixty
seven tons of ammunition one trip and forty-six tons another. Extra
ordinary precautions were taken by Commander McCalla to prevent
any accident taking place among the explosives, smoking being pro
hibited while the dangerous cargo was on board. The torpedo-boat
Porter will go out to-morrow for practice and will discharge her tor
pedoes at a target that will be sent adrift.
VESSEL IN
DISTRESS OFF
POINT REYES
Some Unknown Ship
Was Sending Up
Rockets.
Fear of a Disaster at the
Mouth of Tomales
Bay.
POINT REYES LIGHT, Cal.,
March 24. — At 9:45 p. m. a vessel
was seen laboring heavily near
the mouth of Tomales Bay, about
ten miles out, and several distress
rockets were sent up.
Several blue lights were also
burned and at 10 p. m. the
last rocket was seen. It was then
so dark nothing could be made out
but the flash of light.
The operator at Point Reyes
called up the life-saving station
and men started for the relief of
the distressed vessel.
It is feared that another disaster
It can be stated on excellent authority
that strong pressure has been brought
to bear on the President having as its
object the dispatch of instructions to
Minister Woodford directing him to
make representations to Spain declaring
'■' that the United States would consider
I the sailing of the torpedo fleet an act
of war and would guide its future course
accordingly. It was also suggested to
| the President that should Spain persist
! in ordering the flotilla to sail this Gov
| ernment should form a flying squadron
I to menace the coast of Spain and inter
i cept the torpedo flotilla. As the Her
ald has stated, these suggestions were
given most careful consideration by Mr.
I McKinley and his advisers. Anxious
! to avoid an act provocative of war, the
President decided not to adopt the sug
, gestions offered, but it is generally un
| derstood that Spain wns made aware of
the feelings entertained by this Govern
ment in this matter. Just as the Presi
dent declined to withdraw Consul-Gen
eral Lee. so the Sagasta Ministry has
evidently determined to satisfy public
sentiment in Spain by directing the con
tinuance of the voyage of the flotilla.
According to the information cabled
to-day by representatives of this Gov
ernment in Madrid, the flotilla has been
■ formed by the coalition of the two flo
' tillas which left Cadiz, Spain, one on
j March 13 and the other on March 17.
The flotilla is believed to consist of
' three torpedo vessels, the Dona Maria
j de Molina, the Marques de la Victoria
and the Don Alvaro de Bazan. each of
825 tons displacement and twenty knots,
and six torpedo boat destroyers, the
Furor, Terror, Audaz, Ozado, Pluton
i and Prosperina, each of 400 tons and
I thirty knots; the Halcon and Azor. each
of 108 tons and twenty-four knots, and
the Ariete and Rayo, each of Q7 tons
and twenty-six knots.
Official advices received by the au
; thorities show that these vessels are
1 merely accompanied by armed trans
| ports and not by men-of-war, as origin
| ally intended, although the official pro
gramme of the Spanish Government.
j according to information which came to
: hand some days ago, showed that Spain
proposed to protect the flotilla by the
Cristobal Colon, an armored cruiser of
7000 tons.
of the sea has marked the black
rocks of the northern coast.
DEATH OF A NOTED
RAILROAD FINANCIER.
PHILADELPHIA. March 24.— Charles
B. Wright, one of the best-known rail
road men and financiers of the city,
died to-day at his home here, aged 76
years. Death was due to a general
breaking down of his constitution.
Mr. Wright was born in Erie County,
New York. At an early age he be
gan work in Erie. Pa., and for many
years he was the leading merchant and
banker of that city.
Becoming interested in Western
lands, he organized the Tacoma Land
Company and removed to this city,
where the company had headquarters.
He was president of the company up to
the time of his death.
Shortly after the war he became in
terested in railroad matters, especially
in the Philadelphia and Erie road. His
work as president of that company in
1870 attracted considerable attention.
At this time Jay Cooke was struggling
with the Northern Pacific road. Upo-n
his failure, in 18T3. General Carr, who
succeeded Mr. Cooke as president of
that road, found it impossible to sell its
bonds or to further its construction.
His death cut short his plan for reor
ganization and Mr. Wright was chosen
the fourth president of the Northern
Pacific. He was at the head of the
road from 1874 to 1879. and remained a
director of the road up to the time of
his death.
; ♦ —
Naval Enlistments.
WASHINGTON, March 24.—Tele
graphic orders have been sent to all
naval recruiting stations giving unlim
ited authority to make enlistments un
til further orders.
Crews for Torpedo-Boats.
NEWPORT, R. 1., March 24.— Orders
have been received here to ship crews
for the new torpedo boats Gwyn and
TalboL
SAMPSON TAKES
SICARD'S PLACE
Commodore Sehley Will
Command the Flying
Squadron.
Changes Made in View of the
Possibility of War With
Spain.
Fighting Bob Evans Will Be Given
Command of the Battle-Ship
lowa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, March 24.
Captain Evans' orders to take com
mand of the lowa had a most impor
tant sequel to-day in the assignment
of Captain Sampson, present com
mander of the lowa, to succeed Ad
miral Sicard in command of the North
Atlantic squadron. This is probably
the most important assignment the "de
partment has made in many months.
It is due mainly to the finding of a
medical court, now sitting at Key
West, that Admiral Sicard is tempor
arily incapacitated from active duty,
owing to long continued illness.
Captain Sampson, who now assumes
command of the North Atlantic squad
ron, is regarded as one of the best
fitted officers in the navy, having
seen active service during the. Civil
War and since then having occupied
many important positions. He is a
high authority on naval ordnance, and
before taking command of the lowa
was chief of the Bureau of Ordnance
of the Navy Department. He is be
tween 50 and 60 years of age, a stu
dent of naval affairs, of pleasant tem
perament and is considered an officer
of exceptional executive ability. Th-i
retirement of Admiral Sicard has the
effect of raising Captain Sampson to
the rank of commodore. He is a na
tive of New York, entered the service
in September, 1557, and has been over
forty years in active service, nearly
fourteen of which were spent on the
sea. He concluded his last cruise in
June, 1892, since which time he served
as chief of the Bureau of Ordnance up
to the time of his assignment to the
command of the lowa,
Hardly less important than the ap
pointment of Captain Sampson was the
practical determination to place Com
modore W. S. Sehley In command of
the fleet now assembling at Hampton
Roads. The two commands under
Commodore Sampson and Commndore
Schley will be of equal dignity, and will
be entirely independent of each other,
for the present at least.
Commodore Schley commands the
fullest confidence of the administration.
During the present crisis he has been
: frequently called invo consultation with
the navy chiefs, who recognized his
complete familiarity with every detail
of naval procedure.
When the flying squadron was first
suggested, his name naturally present
ed itself as probably the fittest man in
the service for that particular duty.
He came prominently into publio no
tice by the successful prosecution of
"the Greely relief expedition and hater
as commander of the Baltimore at Val
paraiso at the time of the Chilean revo
lution.
War Bisks Taken.
LONDON, March 24. — Business was
done at Lloyds to-day in war risks to
cover speculative accounts, ten guineas^
per centum being: paid against wax be
ing 1 declared between Spain and the
United States during the six months.
The human being is much like any piece of
I mechanism. If it gets worn too much in one
place the whole of the machine is quite likely
to be rendered useless. But in one respect
we differ somewhat. In the machine it is
; often the fault of the maker ; in the human
being it is almost always the fault of the
man himself. If you discover that waste
occurs in your vitality then you must at once .
have that leakage stopped. If your strength
is being sapped you will find that the days
tend to make matters worse rather than
better. If you but take time by the forelock
all your miserable condition can be altered,
and you will find that you are in all things
as good a man as you were before the leak-
age commenced. How this is done is told
below, and if you follow instructions your
experience will be something like this :
B»«SSaa&S»3SBS»SSa&BOa
| £ Drains ore getting very bad. £f
j >-t Gloom and unrest. Q
| ££ Ray of hope. ££
■;• Light and fire. g i L
& No leaks, but full of strength. Q X
8888880880000000000080
This happy change will be yours if you use 1
| the grand remedio-treatment "Hudyan." It
never fails to stop drains in a week, and the
vim, the fire and the vigor of youth return
rapidly. The big specialists of the Hudson
Medical Institute alone can give you "Hud-
yan." - Write to them or call at the Institute
and get free circulars and testimonials tell-
ing you all that it has done for weak men.
| Medical advice is as free to you as light is.
I Ask for it. In case your blood is tainted
send or call for "30-day blood cure" circu-
lars. No expense to you. "30-day blood
cure" is a specific whether the disease be in
i the primary, secondary or tertiary form.
I Look carefully to see whether your eyebrows
! are getting thin, or whether have copper- \
colored spots. These mean blood taint.
You have already been told how to stop
LEAKS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
BTOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS i ST3.,
San ' Francisco. .,'
*
RRTT^IHFQ FOR rbers. BAK-
JJIIUOJULJuO era - bootblacks, bath-
■ ■ ■ •"■' ■• - . houses, billl&rrt-t«i>i,a<.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers; canners"
.ab^en. . £**
i Brush Alanufacturcr^6Oe Sacramento StRESENT ITS
MOST VILE
INSINUATION
The New Charter Club
Acts on a Boodle
Organ Story.
Attempt of the Mercury
to Stir Up Religious
Strife.
Men Who Are Fighting to Drive
Jim Rea and His Gang From
San Jose Are Firm.
THEIR SHARP RESOLUTION
False and Contemptible Reports of a
San Jose Newspaper Dictated
by the Boas Boodler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 24.— 1n its issue of
this morning, the organ of the "gang"
showed the cloven foot of the boss in
an unmistakable and characteristic
manner. It undertook, under the
puerile guise of describing an Imagi
nary meeting of the New Charter Club,
to throw out all manner of base and
despicable insinuations against the
Charter Club, its members and its can
didates. Its course was the more rep
rehensible as the men on the bosses'
ticket, which the Mercury is rapport-
Ing, had approached the leaden in the
good government movement, ami re
quested that the campaign be carried
on without resort to personalities and
misrepresentations. They were t'>ld
that so far as the charter ClubWaacon
cerned the campaign would be conduct
ed <>n absolutely clean and manly lines.
The indignation aroused by the bad
faith and unwarranted course of the
gang organ led to the adoption of the
following resolution at the meeting of
the New Charter Club to-night:
Wl. r. as. Mean, false anil contemptible
reports have 1 n circulated against the
New Charter »'lub, calculated to foment
dlscor lon and strife among the
friends and supporters of its ticket, to
divide the candidates into parties and
cliques, to array party against party and
sect against Beet, and to engender bitter
personal animosities by appeals to the
religious feeling of the people of San Jose;
and whereas, Such reports were first pub
lished in the Sun Jose Mercury, the organ
of the boss, which stings with its venom
the very people at whose expense it fat
tens at the public crib, and has also boon
circulated at the command of the buss
by bis unsavory following of political
henchmen; and whereas, The Sail Jose
Mercury has Inaugurated against the New
Charter Club, its Individual members and
its candidates a campaign of abuse, vili
fication and Blander without just cause
ujid provocation; and whereas. This club
haii Indorsed its list of candidates to the
public without hostility to any honest
men or organization of men, and not for
any purpose of rewarding some and pun
ishing others, but for the sole purpose of
:r.g good government and the plac
ing of honest and capable officials in
charge of municipal affairs; now, there
fore, be it
Resolved, That we, the members of the
New Charter do denounce such re
ports as the unclean and slanderous ema
nations of a set of political cormorants;
and, furthermore, unqualifiedly pledge
ourselves and each of our candidates to
the zealous and unanimous support of all
the candidates indorsed by the New Char
ter Club.
Several strong and pointed speeches
were made in support of the resolution
and the gang organ was handled with
out gloves. Dr. Wright opened the dis
cussion. "When a paper," he said,
"stands in the way of reform it ought
to be denounced. The Mercury is
everything that is mean, that is con
temptible, that is unfair in politics.
The Mercury ought to be denounced.
Instead of standing by the honest and
decent people of this city it is lending
its influence to the boss, who is re
sponsible for the present shameful con
ditions in local official circles."
D. M. Burnett began by saying that
the resolution was particularly direct
ed against the Mercury. "The article
In that paper," he said, "purported to
give an account of a meeting of the
New Charter Club, in which it says it
was decided to 'throw down' Messrs.
Riehl, Coopers and O'Brien and that
the support of the club was to be cen
tered on Jarman, Dittus and Krieg for
Councilmen." [Laughter.]
"You will notice." he continued, "in
that resolution that a reference is
made to an attempt on the part of the
Mercury to inaugurate a bitter reli
gious controversy, similar to one that
raged here a few years ago. The sole
object of that article is to engender a
war between people of different reli
gious beliefs. This is an attempt — a
low, cowardly, contemptible attempt —
to renew religious strife. They do not
rare what may happen as the result of
this strife. There is an assertion in
this article that nine men of the ap
pointing board are to be elected by the
votes of the New Charter Club. It
must be remembered that five of our
candidates for members of the ap
pointing board are Catholics. Here Is
another dastardly attempt to wean
away Catholic votes from the Charter
Club ticket. There is no use mincing
matters. Their sole purpose, I repeat,
is simply to arouse this religious an
tagonism."
The fact that Mr. Burnett is himself
a Catholic gives added value to his
manly and courageous words.
"The Mercury," he said, "asserts that
our ranks are thinning rapidly. The
idea is to scare the people. The Mer
cury knows there is always a large
floating vote that can be captured by
the side which appears to be certain of
success. They therefore seek to con
vey the idea that we are losing
strength, when in fact, every day sees
us growing stronger in membership,
and In the good opinion of the people
of this city. They speak of our allying
ourselves with Dittus and Krieg. Dit
tus and Krieg were able to hold their
heads high in the Council until they
got Into financial difficulties. Then the
boss was able to reach them, and they
took their stand with the boss.
"The gentlemen interested in the peo
ple's municipal ticket, put up by the
boss asked us to make a clean fight.
We are making it. If the candidates
on that ticket are not responsible for
the Mercury's course why don't they
take means to stop these contemptible
attacks. If they don't we must hold
them responsible, and they must be
considered as no better than the gang
organ, and the boss who controls it."
(Applause.)
Adam Riehl declared that he never
for a moment believed what appeared
in the Mercury and expressed the hope
that none of his friends would pay any
attention to its statements.
Mr. Brown denounced the Mercury'fi
article as a mean attempt to divide the
forces of the Charter Club and the de
A CLEVER WOMAN
WORKS THE TOWNS
OF THE SOUTHLAND
Many Worrier) Induced by Specious
Stories to Pay H«gb Prices
for Just Plain Broad
cloth.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 24.— One of the cleverest swindling
projects ever perpetrated in the valley has just come to light, by which
well-to-do women of our cities have been taken in for small sums that
will total $1000. The game was played by a stout woman, who gave
her name as Mrs. Goldberg. Her plan was to purchase dress goods,
particularly broadcloths, at the stores of one town and then take them
to another. She would find the names of the wealthy women and call
upon them with her stock. She represented that she was the widow
of a German merchant, who, rather than sacrifice a stock of elegant
dress goods, had smuggled them to America, and that she supported
herself by peddling. She called broadcloth "Kaisertuch," ("Emperor
cloth"), and claimed it was the favorite raiment of royalty.
The women bit eagerly, and the swindler succeeded in closing in
numerable deals at $3 and $3 50 a yard, or $15 a suit. Some women
bought as high as $50 worth of the stuffs. The cat was out of the
bag when the woman, accompanied now by her husband, tried to pur
chase large quantities of broadcloth at the local stores, and made sev
eral deals at $1 a yard.
When local merchants heard of the sales about town they had her
arrested, but she escaped with a $J> fine, leaving for Redlands. It was
found out afterward that she had told many different stories at dif
ferent houses, sometimes pretending she could speak only German,
sometimes speaking broken English, and, when dealing at the store,
using plain English. The extent of her dealing was not known at the
time of her arrest, otherwise she would have been prosecuted.
rent element of the city. He declared
that the Charter Club so far from sup
porting or being in any way in svmpa- ;
thy with Dittus and Krieg, had been
influential in bringing the suits to pre
vent these men with two others of the
Council, from making extravagant ex
penditures of the city's money.
"The Mercury." he added, "had not
the public spirit to come out in support
of the Charter Club in this matter
while the leeal champions of the bosses
came to the rescue of these Council
men We found it necessary to op
pose Hittus and Krieg in their unwar
ranted act. and we are most deter
minedly opposed to them at this time.
We think they are in this fight at the
behest of the boss."
In conclusion he said: "The candi
dates all know that the New Charter
dub is behind the entire ticket to a
man The fight is not candidates but
principle, and we are seeking the suc
cess of the entire ticket, and anybody
who is watching the fight knows we
are gaining In strength every day
It is the purpose of the New Charter
Club to meet every false and malicious
attack made on it, or the cause it has
espoused, in the most determined man
ner, whether made by an individual, an
organ, or an organization.
SAN RAFAEL'S
ROSE SHOW
Ten Thousand Club Will
Assist in Arranging
the Festival.
Frec'-al Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 24.— At a I
meeting of the Ten Thousand Club this
evening it \?as decided to assist the j
committee of ladies who have charge |
of the rose festival in every possible j
manner, and for that purpose a pro- |
gramme is to be decided upon and will j
be submitted to the club for considera
tion next Tuesday evening.
J. T. Burke, chairman of the finance
committee, stated that he had seen
many of San Rafael's residents; that
they were enthusiastic over the pro- j
posed carnival, and had stated their
willingness to subscribe various sums j
to defray the expenses of the festival. |
It has been definitely agreed upon that ,
the main feature of the festivities will
consist of a grand parade in which all ;
the organizations and clubs in Mann
County would take part. Towns and
villages have sent word through cltl- \
zens that they stand ready to furnish !
flowers and floats, and success is as- ;
sured A fox hunt will also be held i
during the two days' carnival, and the I
main street of San Rafael is to be |
beautified with arches and decorations
of orange, green and white.
At the meeting to-night the club was
addressed by City Trustee Henry Eick
hoff J T. Burke. W. H. Anderson, Cr.
H Boke, H. A. Gorley, Superintendent
of Schools Robert Furlong and others.
All were of tl.e opinion that immediate
steps should be taken to complete a
programme, and it was decided to go
ahead with the work of collecting sub
scriptions to defray the expenses. _ Mil
itary companies from Santa Rosa and
other towns will participate in the
parade. ___________ i^_ --
MYSTERY OF POWDER
EXPLOSION UNSOLVED.
One of the Victims of the Marin
County Disaster Had Acted
Very Strangely.
SAN RAFAEL, March 24.— The mys
tery surroundirng the cause of the ex
plosion that killed two men at the United
States Smokeless Pr /der Works at Point
! San Pedro, about three miles from here,
! has not been cleared by the vermct of
i thf Coroner's Jury to the effect that it
! was an accident. There is a growing ten
i dency on the part of those who are famil
! iar with the farts in the case and who
! hear.- tho testimony given by witnesses
: before the jury to lay the blame upon
! Charles Nelson, but whether it was an
| accident or done on purpose is the ques
j tion.
Nelson on the day of the accident acted
I queerly, and there is a belief among the
! employes thai, he was not in his right
i mind.
'TWO CONSISTORIES
HELD AT ROME.
Bishops Precoriized, and the Pope
Presents the Hats to Three
Archbishops.
ROME. March 24.— Public and secret
' consistories were held here to-day. Among
i the Bishops preconlzed were the Right
! Rev. P. I. Chappelle, Archbishop of New
; Orleans; the Most Rev. Paul Napoleon
j Bruchesi. Archbishop of Montreal, and
: the Right Rev. Joseph F. Fltzmaurice,
coadjutor Bishop of Erie. Pa.
Contrary to custom, the consistories
i followed one another. The Pope, in the
! sala regia. presented the hats to the
i Archbishops of Lyons, Rennes and Rouen
I in the presence of the Sacred College, the
; dignitaries and the diplomats. The secret
consistory followed in the sala consis
' torialle. Only members of the Sacred
I College were present. The Pope was in
excellent health.
THE SA^f FBA?! CISCO CAl.li, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
CLEWS TO THE
TRAIN-ROBBERS
Officers in the San Joa-
quin Valley Working
in the Dark.
Believe Bandits Stele Dynamite
to Wreck the Express
Car.
Not Much Secured When They Took
the Pouch of Registered
Mail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, March 24.— This morning
Joe Foster, arrested on suspicion of
complicity in the Cross Creek train rob
bery, was released. When put in jail
on Wednesday night by Sheriff Jay
Scott Foster was not booked on any
charge, but merely detained until an
investigation could be made. The
Sheriff concluded this morning that the
man had nothing to do with the loot
ing of the train, nor knew anything
about the robbery.
The officers were busy to-day Investi
gating clews and running down theo
ries. It was ascertained that consid
erable dynamite was bought at Kings
burg before the hold-up, but it was
afterward learned that it was bought
by a woodchopper. No dynamite was
purchased by strangers.
The officers have been unable to find
out who purchased large quantities of
the explosive which were sold at several
places in this city on Saturday and
Monday. It has come to light that
the powder house of Barrett, Hicks &
Co. was broken into on Saturday night,
and the officers are strongly of the
opinion that the burglary was com
mitted by train robbers to secure dyna
mite to be used in their work. They
are pretty certain the burglars knew
what was stored in the building, and it
is not likely they would have selected
that place to burglarize if they did not
have use for the explosive. That they
were ordinary burglars is not believed.
The firm claims that none of the dyna
mite was stolen. They have taken an
inventory and have missed none of it.
but the officers think they may have
been enough taken to serve the pur
pose of the robbers. The officers had
not been able to secure trace of the
burglars any more than they have been
able to get sight of the bandits. There
is strong reason why the robbers should
prefer to obtain dynamite by theft, aa
then the chances of not being seen
would be favorable, while, if they
bought it, there would be more or less
danger of a description being secured
of them and of their identification ar
ter arrest.
There is now a reward of $2300 for
the arrest and conviction of each of
the train, robbers. The State has a
standing reward of $300; Wells, Fargo
& Co., in conjunction with the South
ern Pacific Company, adds $700 to their
standing reward of $300, making $1000;
while the Government of the United
States offers a reward of $1000 on ac
count of the looting of the mail car
and the plunder of the registered mat
ter.
Messrs. H. P. Thrall and D. Coyne,
postal inspectors, arrived here this
morning on business connected with
the robbery and posted notices of re
wards. Mr. Thrall was questioned
with reference to the amount of the
haul which the robbers probably made
in their loot of registered mail.
"Of course it is only guess work,"
said the inspector, "but I can say that it
was very, very small. We are making
inquiries by telegraph. We do not
know how much was sent in drafts and
money orders, but that doesn't count,
as the orders are not negotiable. Pay
ment on them have been stopped. One
registered letter came from New York,
and there were others from different
Eastern places. The postofflce officials
do not know what was sent, and will
have to inquire of the senders. When
that is done we will know just what
the letters contained and exactly what
was secured. There was no coin at all,
and very little currency so far as we
can ascertain. I can only say approxi
mately and for a rough guess that the
amount would not exceed $200."
BRITISH YACHT GIRALDA
REMAINS AT BARCELONA.
This May Be Significant, in View of
the Report that Spain Has
Bought the Famous Boat.
BARCELONA. March 24.— The Brit
ish steam yacht Giralda has arrived
from Ville, France, and remains here.
This may possibly be significant in
view of the recent statement that H.
L. B. McCalmont's famous yatcht has
been bought by the Spanish Govern
ment. No denial or confirmation of this
report has been forthcoming.
NINE MAKE
CLEAN SCORES
Shooters Who Each Kill
Twenty-five Birds
Straight.
Ten, Including Fanning of San
Francisco, Score Only
One Miss.
Mrs. W. f. Shattuck. Comes to the
Front With a Record of
Twelve Straight Kills.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 24.— The Grand
American handicap, annually brought
on* under the auspices of the Interstate
Association, was brought to a success
ful issue late this afternoon at Elk
wood Park, New Jersey. Nine men fin
ished with twenty-five straight kills
and divided the first nine moneys,
which amounted to $3713. Twenty-two
men killed twenty-four birds each, and
divided the remainder of the stakes,
the entire amount of the entry money
being $5075. As the light was poor and
a drizzling rain was falling when the
twenty-fifth round was completed the
nine shooters who divided the first
money decided to postpone the shoot
ne off of the ties until to-morrow
morning. This year the Interstate As
sociation ha* offered a special prize, a
very handsome silver cup, and this will
go to the winner.
The conditions of the shoot-off will
be "miss and out." Mrs. W. P. Shat
tuck who killed nine out of the twelve
birds yesterday, continued to-day, and
was even more successful. Of the
thirteen birds she shot at to-day she
erased twelve, and one fell dead out
of bounds. Of the Western delegation
who were conspicuous with drab
sweaters, only one finished straight
wRh twenty-five kills. This was T.
p Laflln of Rock Island, 111., who shot
from the 28-yard mark. ■■■<-'_
Captain Jack Brewer, the world's
champion, and Fred Gilbert, the cham
pi.m of America, did not get into the
money Each killed twenty-three.
TheVtwo rivals were matched to-day,
and the contest will take place in Chi
cago within the next few weeks.
The shoot will be resumed at 10
o'clock to-morrow morning. The fol
lowing made straight scores of twenty
five A in : Elllott> Kansas City; "Walt
ers" Long Branch, N. J.; U. F. Ben
der. New York; E. D. Pulford, Utica,
N V • W G. Loomis, Omaha, Isebr.;
"Jim" Jones," Philadelphia; W. Wag
ner, Washington; R. O. Heikes, Day
ton Ohio; T. P. Lanin, Rock Island, 111.
The following scored twenty-four:
E M. Cooper. Red Bank, N. J.; A.
Doty Paterson, N. J.; K. A. Leach,
Trinpe S D.; Captain A. W. Money,
Oakland N. J.; George C. Roll Chi
cago- J. B. Savage, New Haven, Conn..
Fred Schwartz Jr., Bridesburg. Pa.; J.
S Fanning, San Francisco; Jay Snell,
Worcester, Mass.; Sim Glover, Roches
ter N V.; T. J. Laughrey, Ligonier,
Pa'- "Roberts," Philadelphia; Dr. D.
B. " Mosher, Granville, N. V. ; W. A.
Widebrush, Scranton. Pa.; "Donley.
Buffalo. N. V.; "Captain Bunk.' New
Brunswick. N. . J. : * Allen , Willey . Had
lyme. Conn.; J. M. Thompson, Cohoes,
N V • E. C. Burkhardt, Buffalo, N.
y';'e.' S. Rice, Chicago; W. P. Shat
tuck, Minneapolis, Minn.; Lee Huckins,
; Kewanee, 111.
FROST AFTER
THE DROUGHT
Ice in the Salinas Valley
Injures the Fruit
Crops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, March 24.— For the first
time in over twenty-seven years ice
one-quarter of an inch thick formed
in this section at this season of the
year. The heavy frost has injured the
fruit crops in the valley to an irrepar
able extent, and the continued dry
weather added thereto has killed all
prospects of more than a third of the
crop of grain this year. The outlook
is terrible for the farmers and every
one looks for a repetition of the hard
times of 1876-77. Cattle are sellingatany
price and hay is being held at $20 a
ton, with very little in sight. Heavy
rains might help to a small extent, but
not much.
WOOOLAND , March 24.— Farmers
and fruit growers within the district
that is under the Moore ditch system
of irrigation are clamoring for water.
The dam washed out last year and has
not yet been rebuilt, but work will be
commenced on it in a few days. Water
can be turned on in ten days after work
is commenced. The company owns the
right of way to about fifteen miles of
ditch, but it supplies private ditches
sixty or seventy miles in length. Water
is low in Cache Creek, but the flow is
still sufficient to irrigate a large area
of grain and alfalfa lands and orchards.
STOCKTON, March 24.— Within two
weeks irrigation will be in general use
on the reclaimed lands unless rain falls
before then. At high tide the water
of the San Joaquin River is three feet
above the less elevated fields of grain,
making irrigation possible without
pumping. In some places the levees
will be cut, and in others siphons will
be run over the tops of the ombank
ments. A siphon for this purpose is
now being made. It is a foot and a
half in diameter. A main supply ditch
is run along the inner side of the levee
from which lateral ditches a hundred
yards apart extend into the field. Far
mers on the islands aay with no more
rain or irrigation they will harvest
from twelve to fifteen sacks of grain
to the acre, and with artificial irrigar
tion the crop will be the average for
the 70,000 acres. The 13,000 acres on
the reclamation district is now being
seeded to- beans and potatoes, with 10,000
acres of grain.
The outlook for the wine crop in this
section is very encouraging to-day. In
spite of the dry winter the vin^s and
developing buds look healthy. It is
expected that the middle of April will
see the bunches begin development and
if no late frosts come a good crop may
be considered assured. The dissatis
faction expressed here last year against
the State association controlling the
State output is even more pronounced
than last season, as the smaller growers
recognize that they must accept the
prices scheduled.
SANTA ROSA, March 24.— The peach
crop of Sonoma County was greatly
damaged by the recent frost. Apricots
and cherries were also injured.
ADVERTISEMENTS. " ' Jl , - •
CATCH DOLLARS!
The easiest way to make money Is to save money, / >v
and that can be done In your purchasing, We have 41 li^^
demonstrated that for years, and our list of patrons - > ¥w#i'l
has grown so large that we think It's time you should %^^Mf/\^>'\
Join them. . ■ '\^^^\ ui^^> )
Our many departments wear their prettiest look |f|f^L>f •*wSgjdr
these days. Everything Is Spring, everything Is nfefef #%W \jfc\ ■
bright, everything Is new, and here are a few attrac-
tlons culled from our many departments for Friday M^ lp
and Saturday's alert purchasers. ■ * v ?
\/L» A T t^vUj'^^^^^^^ -v.* !„+„«+ ji» That big generous puff for la*
<£? A i\Wm\^^^m thelatest dlC ~ dies. It's an awful swell affair,
J^ / \ l\ ff^TH^^^^^ turtV Of the and we're going to sell a limited
/I \ /i. i £ SlKa^jis^il 77 -\r quantity in those fine white
\-*S I I I ft&S^Vi^^^l swell Aew striped Piques to-day at
\ I I liSiS'tJiS^ York tailors; '• 29c.
I j r\ E : the 111 1 mugs Ladies, you have paid 20 c for
1 fl / |y^ gKggjj^*-^^^^]^; are paneled <^^ Coll that are
\ ble ndin f (ffttX^ nnt^ t n f ss °* h&
I . satins; it's >( I.f \{ newest fashions
\ * Wtmfc2m%^^& -, 7\\ I L\ inbotht/iehigh-
\ \\ ' • '"' m quite a novel iii lluy \ \ banded turn-
\ W^V '*" idea; it's a xWm^JH down Collar
VJ -»inh irlvr, V-j and the stand-
M rich lCtea ' ' V ing collar, in
** all heights, and you can have
ft} Pfif* if) 7*
Spring Crop of Mam's Fas Moms 1 . toe.
Our picture above shows you the ins and outs of the suits we have on special sale. They're a
pretty lot and convey all the latest and newest ideas of the master minds of tailoring. The fab-
i rics are those fine Scotches, the colorings pretty, in keeping, in tone, in touch with the season.
They're $15 goods. You would never hesitate to pay $15 for 'em. Some of 'em are lined with
satin. We have taken a notion to fill our big corner window with 'cm, and will offer you the pick
i for a limited time at _^
Some very pretty Spring ideas
for young men. those between,
the ages of 14. and 19— some
i very hindsonte Spring Color-
ings and all carefully tailored
garments.
You know our Suits for young
nvn are snappy an I up-to-date.
i Were we to say $8 you would
; not hesitate to pay it, but for
Friday and Saturday we say
$5.48.
One of the p ea ing features
of Friday and Saturday's sale
in our Hat Department irill
consist of a lot of very fashion-
able Derby s for gentlemen, high-
class grades— grades that you'll
pay $~2 for elsewhere. All thi
newest Spring blocks, Blacks
and Brawns. These at
950.
Each day fin. ls jf JSm ~jt!& ' ~~^^^ 4 Confirmation and
us LJdi •■ new J&^S ffi^J^ /tf^flß JW^ -^ ffi Sv± %V> " prei * unle yoi >
wash fabric suits H^^ Q/o^HrC^g|r fUr^t^^fi-'VL^'^^^L^^ C ,^rv that class of Roods.
for little folks. IHfl!T^!j^« r *^*nffWnfiTlTTlllWtTrTO^^Mßffly You'll find us
f„* i«^^3^BMMiMHi^BßBiißßßflßyß3^ showing all ■ our
Some perieci fppgBHHMHEHVw'MmHW ■ ■ .^^^^H^iM^^^BHMiinMiiii^aH**'^^ prettiest styles
dresfms arrived - right this very
yesterday THE FRISCO BOYS, _ day "
L — — — 9, 11, 13 AND 15 KEARNY STREET. ". '
. TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS. EIGHT FLOORS.
Jfriri
We have gathered together a.
lot of pretty Blue Suits, the
Reefer fashion, with its novel
j treatment of braiding on the
collars and cuffs, and little
buckle at the knee of trousers.
To these we have added some
Blue Suits for the larger boys,
those between the ages of 8 and
15— Oh! they're a pretty lot.
Added to these suits we have
taken a lot of our pretty Sailor
Straw Hats for the little folk's,
and a lot of pretty Straws for
the larger boys:
Now we say for the Suit and
his Straw Hat
$2.19.
The boys' block of
tthe Alpine in our Hat
Department to-day in
all the new Spring
shades, a pretty lot :
as good as you'll get
in other stores for
$1 50. To-day and
Saturday at
...,......,,.,.. ..I:': 79c.
Some new shade* in
Men's Underwear,
s*?\ liT7T\ui\r\ Shrimp Pink, Choco-
fv^^uUuJ/ill ■ late Brown. and Blue,
<SsajulM*f ill Balbriggan goods, aw-
««3=s*l l I*l 111 fnll su e d ana finely
MiC^UJ 1.1 I finished. You'd never
W\ />iil Hi hesitate to pay $1 for
A. 1 /l \3-l " these garments. In
/Vs. •\( \ V our Afan'* Underwear
I \\\ Ifw section to-day at
Per Garment.
I f A 111
A dream of juvenile prettiness.
The above Suit in Blue, with its
pretty little vest, with its many
rows of white soutache braid,
with its pretty little buckle at
the knee. Shall we say $3.50 ?
You would be satisfied; but, no
— for our Friday and Saturday
special we say
$1.98.
/£^£v^. A White Dress
r f£ '■) Shirt Event—
r? -m Some 300 dozen
\^-\ finely launder-
J^fcj^l^v ed goods, per-
/Jj§! M / feet fitting, a
üßi Mm ( shirt that is
ml Ml V perfect in all
SL G& X details. Just as
MI IM /S a flyer for Fri-
■K^dßr I / day and Satur-
\\Ulf I/ day, these at
Another lot of those tj&£?*^3&*&
Golf Shirts for gentle- ' '.'^^•■f^^f^P 1
men that wade such a apSsl33Esp3
hit last week, in new gt,^H,ufe^B^eap»<
j Spring colorings. That
I soft shirt, you know, gM^y^y^f^^
I that you wear the white t^iSf ESsSSS
I collar with. These are 'fe^efiSsaSta^
i all high-grade goods. r^t3ul -^^j." S)^
| Double . th". money *3S&%Ms^
j won't ■ touch 'em 'in E^-j*j^SL-^»tHwfei
other stores. These ft v frp^ *T-f g^fP
Friday and Saturday fHIfTv^TTSI
39c. "^^^
■ ■ - ■
34
BIG TWIN
WARSHIPS
LAUNCHED
Kearsar^e and Kentucky
Glide Into the Waters
of James River*
Purity and Patriotism Blended
in the Ceremonies Attend=
the Christening of
the New Champions.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., March 24.—
The first great battleship laur
from a private yard in the South b
the water in the Jamei River at 10:02
to-day at the immense plant of the
Newport News Shipbui: Dry
dock • At 11:35 a second ship
the exact counterpart of the fin-
except in name, followed. They were
chri? 1 T ne Kearsarge
and the Kentucky, broad and historic
names that hay» Just representatives
In the splendid fighting machines put
afloat to -day.
"The ship of the nation" was launch
ed first, and li ir an
nounced f"r tl. y 18,000 people
pushing and jostling an>ui.-l the
rful hull of No. is, as the Kear
was known in the shipyard.
Just before th mary pre]
• oing party
arrived, ■■> nd was I i
the vast throng to the gayly
ar of the Kearsarge.
The party was composed of Mr
yin B. Orcnti New
port News Shipbuilding Company;
Mrs. I Vinslow, sponsor tor the
Kearsarge, and her :-iai<l of h
Margi • stman of Washington;
.- for
the Kentucky, and her maids of honor,
the Misses Mary Gatewood, Lilian
St'-ge, Saliie Bronston, Abbie I'.allard
ar.'i Alice Cattleman, all of the Ulue
Grass Stat«»- Mips Anna Webb of Pa
ducah, Ky. ; Mrs. William O. Bradley*,
Governor Tyler of YirK Btaff,
and h number of State ol Ken
tucky; Lieutenant-Commander Herbert
Winslow, U. S. N., the only .surviving
son of the captain who commanded the
famous old Kearsarge in her fight with
the Alabama; members oi the House
and Senate Committee on
Affairs and other distinguished visitors
from Washington.
A saw severed the j-iwr-s that held
th>- 1 • in place, and th<; splen
did hull started on its journey to the
water. As it started Mis. Winslow
a bottle of champagne over its
bow and exclaimed cl< arly and distinct
ly, "I christen thee Kearsarg
As the vessel glided smoothly into
the river cheer after cheer went up
from the crowd, and the shrill whistles
of the steamers In the harbor welcomed
th<' new n;i\;i! champion to its natural
int. The cruiser Brooklyn and
the monitor Puritan, lying out In tli ■
m, were tl : antatives of the
navy present.
The christf-niner party then proceeded
t<> the bow of t)i" Kentucky. Tins
i as an exact counterpart of the
r, except thai Miss Chrystine
Bradley Kruk,- a cut-glass bottle of
water from thr- spring on t)!>- old L,in
coln farm, and said, "I christen thee
X tU ky."
Thfii. us the vessel started down the
several bottles of old Bourbon
• hurled against her sides
by Kentuckians who were opposed to
the water christening. Water from the
■ on the Jefferson Davis farm, in
Kentucky, was also smashed on the
vessel's sides. Both launching^ were
successful in every particular.
The Invited guests :-:i'l distinguished
flsltors iii<-n boarded the Bteamer New
1 to < Hd Point,
the shipyard officials tendered a
fieent banquet. Covers were laid
for •>> persons. It was entirely infor
■i !. Lmong the toasts responded to
"Kentucky," by Governor Brad
ey, ;:!,'] "Virginia," by Governor Tyler.
In his speech Governor Bradley < ; i
;lared the people of Kentucky "earnest
y 'I'-sir-'- that the nation shi II Intervene
to prevent further atrocities upon the
luffering people of Cuba; and, if the
Investigation should justify, to ;i\<:. t "
the death of our Bailors, not by de
manding an Indemnity In mpney, but
■ Ity in blood."
of the ship Kentucky be said: "No
ship has ev.-r been christened as it has
been. Noi according to the custom ot
pirate vikings clad wit)) the skins of
wild beasts, but with sparkling water
from the Bprlng which quenched the
thirst of him who ■:>!!! to a
race fit/.! saved our country from de
rtruction. Purity and patriotism hav«'
to day been blended in the chlrstening
r>f the ship which I predict will win
rnor» fam.e, gather more laurels and ac
complish more good than any that has
»ver Bwepi over the seas."
There arc larger battle-ships afloat
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
on the ocean than the twin sisters
Kearsarge and Kentucky; there are
even larsrf-r armored cruisers in the
British navy, such as the splendid crui-
Two New Battle-Ships and the Women Who
Christened Them.
Befs Powerful and Terrible, yet It is
doubtful whether any prudent naval
commander, even leaving out of his j
calculations that great factor repre
sented by the superb fighting qualities
of the American sailor, would care to
venture a hostile meeting with one <>f ;
these Steel "bulldogs of the seas," for !
the new American battle-ships embody j
in their design and construction the j
highest development up to this date In
Ive and defensive warfare as the
great game of naval strife would be
played on the coast line of the United
States. Into their broad hulls are
packed all of the engine power, the
armor and the ordnance that the high- j
eat scientific ability is able to concen
trate in a floating structure that is
able to seek a base of operations, a sup
ply of fuel and ammunition and an op
portunity t<> heal wounds received in |
battle. Larger ships, those of deeper
draft necessarily, may not enter or at
tack our ports at fighting range, and
this consideration was always kept 4n
mind by Chief Constructor Hichbom
when the Kearsarge and the Kentucky
were planned. That is the explanation I
of the fact— a new one In naval design i
—that those ships, with a displacement !
of 11,525 tons, draw only 28 feet 6 inches
of water- less than the armored crui
sers New YoTk and Brooklyn— which
would not, combined, be equal in com
ij.it to one of the battle-ships.
Light draft on heavy displacement Is
only one of the many valuable quali
ties of the battle-ships, though by no
means the lea«t. Rave the Indiana
class, they carry the heaviest batteries
In accord with modern naval practice,
and with primary batteries fully equal
to that class, they mount secondary
guns in such fashion as to make the
combination almost unequaled in naval
architecture. The big rifles, four In
number, are mounted in two turrets,
one sweeping the entire sea from di
rectly ahead to fully half way astern,
the other with equal range, placed so
as to command the sea from either
bow straight astern. These are of 13
inch caliber, y>-t the British navy now
confines Its guns to twelve inch. In
inches the difference seems small, yet
the American gun has about 25 per
cent more power.
At this point in the armament of the
ships the American designers have em
barked in a boirl and enterprising' ex
periment, the result of which will be
awaited with interest by the whole
maritime world. Instead of descending
at one move from the heavy primary
battery to the small-caliber rapid-fire
puns, as is done in the case of cruisers,
it has become the custom of naval
architects to interpose a battery' of
medium caliber guns, six or eierht inch
guns, for instance, and these are plac-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH ?5, 1898.
Ed in smaller independent turrets
about the ship. It occurred to the
American designers that If they could
dispense with the weighty and space
cor.Euming machinery attached to
these turrets, such as the turning en
gines and machinery, independent am
munition, holet shields and the like,
much more engine power could be
placed in the hull of the ship and much
more armor could be carried. They
solved the problem by rieidly attach
ing the smaller turrets, each contain
ing two eight-inch rifles, to the top of
the big thirteen-inch turrets. The plan
had another advantage than wei-'ht
savinsr. Theoretically, it tended to a
terrible concentration of the fire of the
ship. Probably the craft does not float
that could survive the awful impact
from the four guns of one of these
combined turrets upon one small
Uon ot it? hull, and because they are
trained in unison their projectiles must
strike close together.
The Kearsarp-p and the Kentucky are
368 feet in length. 72 f^et 5 inches beam
and 23 feet 6 inches draft. They carry,
normally, 410 tons of coal, but may
take aboard 1210 tons, and 511 officers,
sailors and marines are required to
navigate each of them.
CHRISTENERS OF THE
NEW BATTLE-SHIPS.
Two Noted Women Who Have the
Honor of Naming the Latest
Additions to Our Navy.
Miss Chrystine Bradley, who christ
ened the new United States battle-ship
Kentucky, is the only daughter of Ken
tucky's first Republican Governor, Wil
liam O'Connor Bradley. She is in her
eighteenth year. Her mother was Miss
Margaret Duncan, cousin of Lieutenant
! Hugh McKee. U. S. N., who died while
storming a citadel in Korea. Miss
■ Bradley is a niece of Colonel W. it.
McKee, who fell at Buena Vista; a
cousin of Major George McKee of the
regular army and Colonel Sam McKee,
who fell at Stone River.
Miss Bradley's great-great-grand
father, Isaac Bradley, was a soldier
under Washington, and was at Valley
Forge, and her granduncle, Isaac Brad
ley, fell at Monterey. Her uncle, Judge
Z. T. Morrow, who insisted on Governor
Bradley naming her to christen the
Kentucky, is a grandson of Samuel
Boyd, an officer who stood beside Law
rence when he fell with the exclama
tion, "Don't give up the ship."
John Talbot of Danville, Ky., who
lost his life on the Pacific in search of
lost and helpless sailors — who was the
first to go out voluntarily in an open
boat on this perilous duty — was another
cousin of Miss Bradley. His body was
buried on the Sandwich Islands, and
On the monument over his grave is this
inscription, "Greater love hath no man
than this, that he gave his life for a
friend." Thus It will be seen that
through both lines of Miss Bradley's
ancestors she comes of a heroic race,
and it was on this account that her
many friends throughout the State pe
titioned the Governor to name her to
christen the Kentucky. Miss Bradley
Is a most charming young lady. In
disposition she greatly resembles her
father. She possesses the strong will
Of the Bradleys to a marked degree.
From her mother she inherits much
beauty and musical genius. She was
one of the most promising pupils at the
Cincinnati Conservatory of Music. She
is a great student of literature and has
already shown marked ability as a
.writer.
Mrs. Herbert Winslow is the flaugh
ter of the late Lafayette Maynard, one
of the most influential of early Califor
nia settlors, and granddaughter of Gen
eral Duff Green. She was born in Rich
mond, Va., but came to the coast when
quite a child. She was educated here
and married here.
Many of Mrs. Winslow'3 relatives
Ft ill reside in this city and are promi
nent in local society circles. Mrs.
Harry Dixon is a sister of the lady,
Mrs. S. V. Maynard her aunt, and Mrs.
William Gwin Jr. and Miss Sallie May
nard her cousins.
In appearance Mrs. Winslow is tall,
slender, with an expressive intellectual
countenance lit up with a. pair of fine
blue eyes. She carries herself well,
and, while not a beauty, is a remark
ably attractive woman. Her husband,
Lieutenant Herbert Winslow, U. S. N.,
is the son of the famous Rear-Admirai
John Ancrum Winslow, who command
ed the old Kearsarge in that great na
val duel off Cherbourg 1 thirty-four
years ago, which resulted in the sink
ing of the Alabama.
THE KENTUCKY
..... ■-"■-., _ . . - - - ■
TO LAY PLANS
FOR A CAMPAIGN
AGAINST SPAIN
Steps Taken to Arrange for the
Active Co=operation of the
Army and Nayy o
NEW YORK, March 24.— A Washing
ton sjn-'Mal to the Herald says: To pre
pare plans to be followed jointly by the
naval and military forces in defense c-f
the Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific coasta
an Army and Navy Coast Defense
Board was created to-day, consisting
of Captain A. S. Barker, formerly in
command of the battle-ship Oregon, to
represent the navy, and Captain J. H.
Dorst, Fourth Cavalry, on the part of
the army. Captain Dorst may not be
able to continue to- serve on the new
board and another officer of the army
may be detailed in his place. This mat
ter is in the hands of Secretary Alger
to-night, and the permanent army
member will be decided upon to-mor
row.
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt urged
upon the officials of the Navy and War
departments the necessity for a con
certed plan of actio-n by both depart
ments. The wisdom of such a course
appealed strongly to Secretaries Long
and Alger, and a conference of these
ofiiri.iln resulted in the detail of the
oflicors named. Subject to the approval
of the Secretaries of War and the
Navy, the recommendation of these
officers will direct the disposition of the
entire war strength of the United
States. They will suggest not only the
massing or distribution of troops and
the stations of naval vessels for the
purpose of coast defense, but will also
arrange plans for active offensive cam
paigns. All information in possession
of both the War and Navy departments
will be at their service. Their head-
Quarters will be in W r ashington. Their
NOTHING LEFT
TO BE TOLD
Marix on the Effect of
Explosion in Maine's
Magazines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 24.— Miss Grace Fil
kins, wife of Judge-Advocate MaVix,
who is leading- lady in the support of
Charles Coghlan, who is playing "The
Royal Box" at the Hollis-street
Theater here, was interviewed here to
day by a Call man. Mrs. Marix told
The Call man of a statement made by
her husband two years ago relative to
the possibility and effect of an explo
sion in the Maine, which is most sig
nificant at this time and of itself suffi
cient to convince one that she must
have been blown up from the outside.
Coming from no less a person than
THE: KEARSARG&
nrst arm most important auiy will De
to make a careful study of the re
sources of the navy and army, both
actual and potential, for the purpose
of putting, the entire coast line of the
country in as thorough condition of de
fense as possible. Conferences will be
held with the chiefs of bureaus of the
army, that th<- possibilities of extend
ing the effective strength of artillery at
coast defense ports may be ascer
tained; that the condition and possibili
ties of rapid progress in the work of
fortification may be determined and
the resources of the Ordnance, Quarter
master, Commissary and other depart
ments may be put to efficient use.
The most effective stations for active
service and for the rendezvous of in
fantry and cavalry of the regular army
and organized militia of the States, as
well as for the Bodies of volunteer
troops that may be called into service,
will also be decided upon.
The same general plan will bf> pur
sued with regard to naval strength.
Stations will be assigned to ships where
they can do the best service individu
ally and in fleets, and every detail with
regard to supplies, rendezvous and re
enforcement in respect to coast defense
will be carefully looked after.
The board will make a thorough
study of conditions looking to offensive
operations against the fleets and armies
of Spain. This will include arrange
ments for the concentration of the
troops best fitted for the Invasion of
Cuba, if such a plan should be decided
to be advisable. The points of embarka
tion and the ships that will carry
troops will be definitely decided upon,
together with the ships that shall con
stitute the squadron or squadrons to
which will be given the work of attack
ing Spanish fleets both in the neighbor
hood of Cuba and upon the high seas.
his own wife, this statement of the
Judge-Advocate cannot be denied or
questioned and is of the greatest in
terest and value just at this time.
Mrs. Marix says: "Commander
Marix put the Maine in* commission two
years ago and was executive officer un
der Captain Crowninshield, and later
with Captain Slgsbee, who is one of the
most brilliant officers in the navy.
Commander Marix left the Maine, be
ing detailed to the Vermont, six weeks
before the explosion. I knew the offi
cers of the Maine very well, of course,
and met Lieutenant Jenkins and En
sign Merritt at a luncheon \vhen we
were playing at Norfolk last November.
"We inspected the vessel, and I re
member having been shown the maga
zines and inquiring as to the possibility
of an explosion. Commander Marix re
plied that 'if such a thing were pos
sible there would be nothing left to tell
the tale.' This is brought to my mind
through the public prints, which told
that the Maine's magazines were in
tact. lam deeply interested in the out
come of this complication, as hundreds
of thousands of others are. War is a
terrible thing, and of course in the
event of a conflict the contest would be
a naval one. That is where it is brought
home to me^"
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnln- Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It fails to cure
15c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
WOULD SEND
GUNS WITH
THE FOOD
Senator Thurston's Most
Dramatic Plea for
the Cubans.
Carries Out Request of a Dying
Wife by Crying Out Against
the Fearful Slaughter
by Spain.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 24.
A scene dramatic in the intensity of
Its interest was presented in the Sen
ate to-day during the delivery by
rhurston of Nebraska of a speech on
:he Cuban situation. Not since the in
auguration of President McKinley
iave so many people been on the Sen
ate side of the Capitol as were there
;o-day. The galleries were packed with
jeople. many of whom had arrived at
:he Capitol as early as 9:30 in order to
)btain seats. Even the diplomatic gal
lery, which is rarely occupied, was
Riled, among those in it being Senor
Mendonca, the Brazilian Minister, and
party; ex-Secretary of State John W.
Foster and Mrs. Foster, and many
ladies and gentlemen from the various
foreign legations.
Within a few minutes after the Sen
ate convened every Senator who could
be present was in his seat, and by the
time Thurston began his speech dozens
of members of the House were either
standing or occupying chairs in the |
arena without the semi-circle of seats.
A jar of roses had been placed on
Thurston's desk, but he spoke from
that of Hawley, in the central part of
the chamber.
His first sentence he spoke by com
mand of silent lips— a delicate and
touching reference to the loss of his
wife on his memorable trip to Cuba—
commanded Instant attention. A hush
fell over the great audience, which
hung with almost breathless attention
and interest upon every word. Some
surprise had been expressed that Sen
ator Thurston should appear in public
prominently so soon after the death of
Mrs. Thurston, but the first sentence
Of his speech furnished a key to his
action. It is true that Thurston's
speech to-day, viewed from one stand
point, was an unusual proceeding, but
it was justified by the conditions at
tending it. Mrs. Thurston's dying re
quest to her husband was that he
should lose no time on account of her
death to do his utmost to save and free
Cuba and its people.
In accordance with this request,
therefore, Senator Thurston sacrificed
his personal feeling and delivered his
3peech — a speech that was a tribute to
the memory of his wife. Without
knowing the motive which animated
Thurston and inspired him to his best
efforts, his auditors instinctively real
ized and sympathized with his emo
tion.
The speech was very generally re
garded as a masterly one, and even
those who could not agree" with his con
clusions conceded the power of his j
aration. As he neared the end of the j
speech his voice, which had been clear
and ringing, noticeably broke. He was
almost overcome with emotion, but
rallied with an effort and closed in a j
manner that thrilled his audience.
Staid and dignified Senators turned
away and wept, and in the galleries j
tears welled to hundreds of eyes. It
was a remarkable scene, and the still
ness until the last word had been pro
nounced was as of death Itself.
As Thurston sank into his seat and
buried his face in his hands the gal
leries were swept by such a tumult of
applause as has not in a long time
been heard in the Senate chamber. As
a brother might have done, Allen, i
Thurston's colleague from Nebraska,
walked to him and placing his arm
over his shoulders quietly led him from
the chamber. The act was one of the
spontaneous and touching amenities i
amid the turbulence and discord of po
litical life.
"Mr. President," began Thurston. "I
am here by command of silent lips to
speak once and for all upon the Cuban
situation. I trust that no one has ex
pected anything sensational from me.
God forbid that the bitterness of a per
sonal loss should induce me to color in
the slightest degree the statement that
I feel it my duty to make. I have no
purpose to stir the publ'c passion in
any act not necessary, and am pre
pared to meet the duties and necessities
of American responsibility, Christian
humanity and national h .nor. I would
shirk this task if I could, but I dare
not. I cannot satisfy my conscience i
except by speaking and speaking now."
Thurston said he had gone to Cuba
firmly believing that the condition of
affairs on the island had been greatly
exaggerated. He had concluded, how
ever, that an overstatement of the hor
rors of the situation was impossible.
He was prepared not only to adopt
every word of the careful, concise and
specific statement of the Senator from
Vermont (Proctor), but was even con
vinced that he had understated the
facts. In detailing the incidents and
reciting the facts that came under his
observation Thurston said he had no
desire to deal in horrors.
"If I had my way," said he, "I would
shield the American public even from
the photographic reproductions of the
awful scenes that I viewed In all their
original shastliness."
Of the 225,000 soldiers Spain had sent
to Cuba less than 60,000 were now
available for duty. The remainder are
dead, sick in hospitals or have returned
to Spain incapacitated.
"I do not believe," said he. "that the
entire Spanish army in Cuba could
stand an engagement in the open field
against 2000 well-disciplined American
soldiers. The Spanish soldiers, of all
people on earth, would most gladly
welcome any result which would en
able them to return to their homes.
The pictures in the American papers
of the starving recon<>entrados are
true. They can be duplicated by the
thousands. I never saw, and, please
God, may I never again see, so deplor
able a sight as the reconcentrados in
the suburbs of Matanzas. I can never
forget to my dying day the hopeless
anguish in their despairing eyes. Men,
women and children stand silent, fam
ishing. Their only appeal comes from
their sad eyes, through which one looks
as through an open window into their
agonized souls."
The Governor of Matanzas, Thurston
said, could see no end to this condition
of affairs, and could suggest no relief
except through the United States.
FRANCE WANTS PEACE
"""•ryrlght, 1838, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS March 24.— Gastnn Cal
mette publishes in this morning' 3
Figaro an interview with If.
Hanotaux, in the course of which
the latter said:
"The Cuban question is not
our business but that of Spain
and the United States. At the
same time it will affect us doubly
from a moral point of \-iew be
cause we entertain the best and
most friendly relations with two
countries which are brought face
to face by this irritating ques
tion.
"On the one hand is the Queen
Regent, a sovereign worthy to be
compared with the greatest sov
ereigns at the head of a sister
people toward whom we are
drawn by the affinities of race.
On the other hand there is the
generous people of a sister re
public to whom we are united by
one hundred years of common
life. There must, then, be no
struggle; there must be no con
flict between these two nations,
who are so strongly attached to
us, and who are so close to our
hearts. There, as elsewhere, as
everywhere, France desires
above everything and with all
her strength, peace."
"The Government of Spain will not
appropriate one dollar to save these
people," said Thurston. "Think of the
spectacle. We are feeding these cit
izens of Spain, we are nursing their
sick, we are saving such as can be
saved, and yet there are those who still
say it is right for us to send food, but
we must keep our hands off. I say
that the time has come when muskets
ought to go with the food.
"I shall refer to these horrible things
no further. They are there. Go<i pity
me, I have seen them. They will re
main in my mind forever. This is
almost the twentieth century. Christ
died 1900 years ago and Spain is a
Christian nation. She has set up more
crosses in more lands, beneath more
skies, and under them has butchered
more people than all the other nations
of the earth combined.
"Europe may tolerate her existence
as l"ng as the people of the Old World
wish, but God grant that before an
other Christmas morning the last ves
tige "f Spanish tyranny and oppression
i will have vanished from the Western
Hemisphere."
Discussing the remedy which should
i be applied Thurston said:
"I counseled silence and moderation
from this floor when the passion of tho
nation seemed at white heat over the
destruction of the Maine, but it seems
to me the time for action has now
come. Not action in thf Maine case. I
hope and trust that this Government
will take action on the Cuban situation
entirely outside of the Maine case.
I When the Maine report is received, if
it be found that our ship and sailors
were blown up by some outside explo
sive, we will have ample reparation
without quibble or delay, and if the
explosion can be traced to Spanish
official sources there will be such swift
and terrible punishment adjudged as
will remain a warning to the world for
ev'*r"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ . . -_-_,_,-_,- — - _-_-.. ..- _-----■ - - —
ffpsalh^i '»_/^.y. The sick, nerr»
"i'SLe^^Sj i'L'-i ous > fretful use-
IkP%P@K^ < ~T 'less helpless, irri-
'itvOr/i ! 'V\ X=- table, woman
BB^o'>''?M i i makes her hus-
S fa: *^ZssM'T~~ band miserable.
kV^^^^J man - he ' tries to
A sUrJ^*^f joS"*^!*-^ soothe and com-
%y£&~S&* ,<£z^\^^- on an ordinary
*~ "^ -^^ man, he swears
and gets drunk. Few men realize what it 19
that makes a woman cross, fretful, and
nervous. If they did, they would see to it
that their wives took proper care of the
health of the organs distinctly feminine,
and resorted to the proper remedy to make
them strong and healthy in a womanly way.
The best medicine for nervous fretful,
irritable women is Dr. Pierce s o ™ l*1 *
Prescription. It goes to and corrects we
cause. It acts directly on the feminine or-
ganism and restores it to natural health and
vigor. It soothes. inflammation and cor-
rects all weakening drains It will make a
sick woman well, and a fretful, cross woman
happy and amiable. It prepares a woman
for the duties of . motherhood, and taken
during the expectant period makes baby 9
coming easy and almost painless \V omen
who wish to know more about this great
remedy should write to its discoverer, Dr.
R V Pierce chief consulting physician to
the invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
at Buffalo, N. Y. "
Mr S T. Bartlett (Teacher), of Granger. Sweet-
water Co Wyo.. writes: "Dr. Pierce: I desire to
certify that your ■ Favorite Prescription a boon
and a jjreat help to all females. My wife has
used yoW medicine. Prior to taking it. she was
constantly troubled with female weakness and
monthly and frequently oftener .irregular flows
Jh a? incapacitated her for the labors incident to
raising a large family. She is now well.
Whoever would find a conclusive answer
to the problem: " How to be well ' ' should
send to World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Buffalo, N. V.. for a copy of Doctor
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser.
This book is all that its title implies. It
uses no technical terms. Its 1,008 pages of
graphic explanation and carefully correct il-
lustrations make it a treasure for any house-
hold. Its 90 pages especially relating to
women are worth many times its original
price, which was $1.50. There is now ready
a large edition to be given away. ; Send 21
one-cent stamps, to pay for mailing only,
and you will receive the book in paper coy-
. ers absolutely free. You may nave it is
fine cloth covers for 10 cents extra, ;';RISING
AN INCH
AN HOUR
Floods Threatened by
the Ohio and Its
Tributaries.
Already Lives Are Lost
in the Swirl of the
Mad Waters.
There Is a Prospect of an Un
usual Inundation and Great
Damage to Property.
RAILROADS HAMPERED.
Many of the Linos Out of Cincinnati
Are Tied Up and Traffic Is De
layed by Washouts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Ohio. March 24.— At 10
o'clock to-night the Ohio River at Cin
cinnati registered 61 feet ZV 2 inches,
rising an inch an hour. This is a rise
of six inches for four hours between
6 and 10 o'clock. The sky is overcast,
but not threatening-. The mercury reg
isters 44, with a tendency to rise. Re
ports from Northern West Virginia, at
the sources of the Monongahela, bring
news of heavy rains last night and of
a rapidly rising river to-night.
This is an assurance that the Ohio
will have a protracted high stage of
water. It is also an admonition that
a prodigious flood may be expected,
should the tributaries receive an ac
cession of rain within two or three
days. Reports from all quarters of the
Ohio Valley are of drizzling rain or
cloudy skies. No dear weather is re
ported. All up-river towns report the
Ohio rising rapidly except Wheeling,
where It is stationary.
Interior towns Ohio that have suf
fered inundation and damage are find
ing relief by the recession of the wat
,.]■?. Lops of life is reported at Hamil-
Ohio, where the Great Miami
swept away two cottages and drowned
nmates, namely, Mrs. Charles
Whitman and her three small children
and Mr. and Mrs. Charles Springmar.
Zanesville reports the drowning of
the infant son of Mrs. Charles West
and of a man known as Deacon Jones;
of the drowning by the upsetting
skiff of Mrs. James Brennan and
child and John Leach, and the drown
ing of Mrs. Mar- Church and Timothy
Hones. The Btory of loss of life by the
railroad wreck near Columbus, Ind.,
not only lacks confirmation but is pos
itively denied.
In Cincinnati the following is the
railroad situation: No trains on the
Erie in or out. The Cincinnati North
ern is in the same fix. The Baltimore
and < >hio Southwestern is badly
crippled by washouts at Chillicothe,
and XI Dorado. Ind. The Penn
sylvania is open to Columbus and the
V lsl to-day. The Cincinnati, Hamil
ton and Dayton is cut off from Toledo
and Detroit only. The Big Four to
day has restored communication with
Indianapolis, Chicago and St. Louis.
All other roads from here are un
scathed. .
CONVICTED OF
EMBEZZLEMENT
William A. Chapman Is
Found Guilty by a
Jury.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March 24.— The jury
in the case of William A. Chapman,
charged with embezzlement, late this
evening brought in a verdict of guilty,
and the man who until a few short
•weeks ago was a howling society swell
and danced attendance upon many of
the proudest dames of Sonoma County
and San Francisco, to-night occupies a
narrow cot within the unromantic pre
cincts of the County Jail.
Until a short time ago Chapman was
superintendent of the Cotati Company,
whose immense ranch occupies the ma
jor portion of the county, lying between
this city and Petaluma, who?" princi
pal place of business is San Francisco.
News of Chapman's shortages coming
to the ears of Page Bros., three of
whom constitute the Cotati Company
an investigation was begun with the
result of five distinct charges being
lodged against their superintendent.
The first cm which he has just been
tried and convicted, alleged the embez
zlement from the Cotati Company of
the lum of $179 S9 on the 22d day of
September, 1897. The second alleged
the embezzlement of $150, January 4
1897- the third of $360 22 on the 12th of
Anril 1897- the fourth. $14S 98, on No
vember 7, 1897; the fifth of $182 85. on
the 28th of August. 1896.
The following pathetic communica
tion was read by the District Attorney
during the trial^^
: COTATI. Nov. 3. 1597.
npar Mr Page: Mr. Jones will tell you
oil He will l tell you what I did not have
fie hSrt or the moral courage to con
f£f* to the best friend 1 have evei bad.
l full y realize the enormity of my wrongs
SSSon «!5 ''ye for tliose that art n<*r
Et J €fk gsEss To y srpi
dPs" race do not know what to write
3f SSFSWrt? 92T&2J5
a, 1 «rf» < »avg :
friends as have been very dear to me,
explaining that I cannot meet them agan.
I cannot expect you to show me. any fur
ther consideration after what has hap
pened? nut 1 want to make this astap-
DealtV spare my parents and sisters the
Sis-race of having a dishonored son and
brother. I cannot write any further now
hut will say that I will turn over every
thin? I have, and will make a further,
provision which In the event of my death
wTll satisfy everything. -. I an, very re
fully. WM. A. CHAPMAN. |
JUDGE JONES IMPOSES
A PENALTY AND PAYS IT
First Instance on Record Where a Court
Puts Up the Amount of Fine Ordered
From an Offending Attorney
for Contempt.
STOCKTON, March 23.— An incident destined to pass dov.-n in the
judicial history of the State occurred this morning in Judge Jones' de
partment of the Superior Court during the trial of the Kasson will
contest.
Attorney Levinsky, representing the claimant, Mary Mann, was
cross-examining R. Parier, and his questions were continually objected
to by F. D. Nicol, one of the attorneys for the executors of the will.
The court refused to admit in evidence a letter offered by Mr. Levin
sky, and the attorney then endeavored to get the contents in evidence
by reading the letter as a part of his question. The court ordered him
to stop, which he did, but he took another tack, which was again ob
jected to by Mr. Nicol.
A question was asked which the court ruled upon without a formal
objection being interposed, and Mr. Levinsky took an exception.
A lively passage ensued and ended by the court quietly remarking
that he would fine the attorney $10 for contempt.
"And I absolutely refuse to pay it," returned the attorney, firmly.
Mr. Nicol then attempted in a diplomatic manner to admonish the court
to uphold its dignity. In the course of his return remarks the court
stated that there "was no law compelling an attorney to be a gentle
man."
Judge Denson of San Francisco and Lin Church of Oakland, attor
neys for claimant, Lindy, sat quietly by taking no part in the mix up.
Mr. Levinsky came to his feet in an instant, and, calling upon the
official reporter to take down his remarks, addressed the court, chal
lenging any one to prove that he was not as much of a gentleman "as
walks the earth, excepting no one."
Judge Jones said no more about the fine at that time, but it was
a continued battle thereafter. Just before the noon recess the court
ordered all attorneys to remain till after the spectators retired. Judge
Junes then called Mr. Levinskys attention to the fact that the judg
ment for contempt was unsatisfied.
"I emphatically refuse to pay," returned the attorney.
"Then the court will pay your fine for you," returned the court,
handing the clerk $10.
This was more than the attorney could stand, and, taking a $20
gold piece, he threw it on the clerk's desk.
"The court orders the Sheriff not to accept the money."
"Then I give it to charity," called out the attorney.
"The Sheriff will return the money," ordered the court.
Judge Jones then admonished the attorneys and declared Mr. Le
vinsky purged of contempt. During the noon recess the incident was
the talk throughout the courthouse, as it is believed to be the first in
stance on record where a. court paid a contempt fine from the bench
imposed by itself on an offending member.
JENKINS' BODY
IS RECOVERED
It Is Found in the Tor
pedo Room of the
Maine.
Gave Up His Life to Save
Papers of Vital Im
portance.
Captain Sigsbee -Will Not Use Dyna
mite to Finish Wrecking
the Maine.
Copyrighted, IF3S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 24.— The body of
Lieutenant F. Jenkins was recovered
from the wreck of the Maine this morn
ing and will be shipped to Key West
on Saturday. Since the disaster to the
Maine shocked the civilized world, one
has heard continually here and in the
States regretful words for poor Jen
kins from men who knew and loved the
quiet, intrepid lieutenant, and to thou
sands it will be grateful news that he
will sleep under the flag for which he
died.
The body was found aft in the tor
pedo room. It had been jammed be
tween the tube and the ceiling. It was
located yesterday, but the officers did
not speak of the matter then, fearing
to stir painful memories and raise
hopes which a failure to establish
identity might destroy. The identifi
cation now is most positive. Besides
the uniform and private marks on his
clothing, a ring was found on one fin
ger with this inscription, "F. W. Jen
kins, class of 1886, U. S. N. A." This
is poor Jenkins' well-loved class ring.
Captain Sigsbee has it now and will
treasure it for the relatives.
Jenkins, it appears now, went aft
from the officers' mess a moment after
the explosion; and it was believed he
might have escaped, as the others in
the mess room did, except that he went
back for papers of importance. These
papers were regarded as of the highest
value, and were subsequently found by.
the divers. Jenkins never reached the
place where they were. It seems likely
that in the intense darkness which
succeeded the explosion the water
overtook the lieutenant in the passage
way. Probably he then abandoned the
Idea of reaching the papers, and at
tempted to reach the ladder aft, not far
from where the body was found. The
water, surging through the passage,
carried him into the port torpedo room
where the struggle ended.
Captain Siersbee has received word
that his Government deems it is in
advisable for the wreckers to use
dynamite to facilitate the work of re
moving the top hamper from the
wreck, in view of the Captain-Gen
eral's intimation that the use of high
explosives might interfere with the de
cision of the Spanish court of inquiry.
It was not intended, however, to blow
up the wreck and scattered armor
plates, but merely to cut off certain
beams with dynamite. The work will
proceed steadily without dynamite, and
progress will necessarily be slow.
GLADSTONE DYING FROM
CANCEROUS GROWTH.
NEW YORK. March 24.— According to
a London dispatch the members of Glad
stone's family now admit, that the "Grand
Old Man" Is dying of a cancerous growth
Involving bone tissues back of the nasal
passages. The unanimous verdict of sev
eral specialists who have been consulted
regarding the case is that an operation
Is Impossible, owing to the age and en
feebled condition of the patient. Tt would
be possible to afford considerable relief
and also to prolong life by surgical means
if Gladstone were younger, but his heart
already threatens failure to perform Its
functions, and surgeons are of the opin
ion that the administration of anaesthet
ics would result in Immediate death.
Lonely Death of a Pioneer
VISALIA. March 21.— Charles Bailey, a
pioneer settler of Tulare County, was
found dead this morning at his house, ten
miles west of here. He lived alone. He
had been dead three or four days. The
cause was probably exposure and the ef
fects of a debauch. At one time the de
ceased was wealthy. He left no family.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FKIPAY, MATCCH 25, 1898.
FIGHT FOR
TEXT BOOKS
Friends of the Present
State System Take
Action.
They Also Desire That A. J.
Johnston Remain Superin
tendent of Printing.
Some of the Most Prominent Citizens
of Sacramento Inaugurate an
Important Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. March 24.— Last night
the well seasoned and well tried craft
of A. J. Johnston was again launched
upon the sea of politics. The ways
were greased, the stays were removed,
and amid the chrcra of friends the
Superintendent of State Printing again
found himself fairly entered upon the
commencement of a new voyage, with
the present one yet to be finished. The
occasion for so early a move in that
direction has been brought about by
the zeal and energy displayed by the
avowed enemies of the State series of
text books for the public schools. For
years this fight has been going on, and
up to the present time the efforts of the
"book ring" have been thwarted, and
the parents and pupils of the public
schools of California have received the
benefits of one of the best school book
systems in the United States.
In order to still preserve that system,
and continue the publication of the
books under the present law, some of
the most prominent Republicans in Sac
ramento City have inaugurated a cam
paign which will, no doubt, meet with
the approval of every parent in Cali
fornia who has experienced the bene
fits and profits derived from the State's
supply of school books. Last night a
meeting was held in the parlors of the
Golden Eagle. There was a large at
tendance of well known citizens. Grove
L. Johnson called the meeting to order.
Ex-Senator F. R. Dray was elected
temporary chairman, and W. F. Gorm
ley. temporary secretary. The call for
the meeting was signed by the citizens
whose names are attached. The call
reads as follows:
The undersigned hereby authorize the
use of their respective names In the or
ganization of a general committee of citi
zens of Sacramento having for Its object
the preservation of the State school text
book system, the existence of which is
threatened; and also for the purpose of
promoting the nomination of Hon. A. J.
Johnston for the office of Superintendent
of State Printing, who is known to us as
a friend of said school book system:
F. R. Dray, Grove L. Johnson, Felix
Tracy, William Peckman, G. W. Lorenz,
W. P. Coleman, W. A. Anderson. William
Schaw, George M. Mott. Frank Miller,
Charles F. Dillman, Thomas 1,. Enwright,
E. A. Crough, J. D. Young, C. E. Burn
ham, W. E. Gerber, J. E. Huntoon, A. G.
Folger, L. C. Montfort, A. Casselll. John
Breuner, Louis Breuner, A. G. Johnson, B.
Wilson, C. T. Jones, T. H. Berkey, H. A.
Kidder, W. F. George. Tom Scott, Frank
T. Johnson. Robert T. Devlin. A. Meister,
C. T. Barton, Claus Anderson, A. L.
Frost, S. L. Richards, George Murray,
William D. Knights, John Blair, W. Y.
Showier. J. E. T. Pike, T. B. Reed. W. F.
Knox. James B. Devlne, Gus Lavonson.
W H. Baldwin, Fred Kollikcr, W. F.
Gormley, Lee Stanley, George C. McMul
len, O. W. Erlwine. H. E. Yardley. W. H
Sherburn. J. H. Batcher, J. L. Huntoon,
E. H. McKee, James I. Felter, W. A.
Fountain. James E. Mills, Benjamin
Welch. H. J. Small, F. W. Mahl, T. W.
Heintzplman. S. Uren, T. N. Heffron, P.
B. Johnson. Dr. C. T. Milliken, R. I. Bent
ley. F. F. Tebbets, F. L. Gray, A. E. Mil
lor, William M. Sims, Charles L. Miel, J.
Frank Brown. F. B. Adams.
The meeting last night was a signifi
cant one in other respects than those
presented upon the surface. Aside from
showing the overwhelming sentiment
in favor of the State school text book
system and the desire to secure the
nomination of A. J. Johnston, it also de
termined the necessity of restricting
the number of candidates which Sac
ramento City is said to contain, who
are aspirants for places on the State
and Congressional ticket. This school
book fight must be won. There are
other places and positions affecting
Sacramento of equal importance, con
sequently it has been positively de
termined among the leading Republi
cans that the list from Sacramento
County for political preferment must
be thinned out.
INSPECTION
OF FREIGHT
IS NEEDED
Shippers Get a Little
the Worst of West
Bound Rates.
Many Reforms Urged by
the Transcontinental
Bureau.
Canadian Pacific Asked to Co
operate With American
Lines in the Work.
GRIEVANCES ARE STATED.
Prominent Merchants Appear Before
the Railroad Officials and Argue
Their Propositions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, Cal., March 24.— T0- {
day the Transcontinental Freight Bu
reau busied itself in considering and di
gesting the arguments presented to it |
yesterday by the rival iactions of the j
East and West. Though the greater ;
part of the day was consumed in going
over the matter of carload and less
than carload rates, yet the discussion
was of an informal and general charac- i
ter While many opinions were ad
vanced none were formally acted upon, |
and no decisive step was taken. This
much was discovered: That whatever:
the changes in the existing rates may \
be they will necessitate a thorough j
going over of the entire tariff which 1.
is a work of such magnitude that it isf
thought the meeting here, which, at its {
commencement, was expected to ter- |
minate with the week, will have to be
prolonged for another ten days or per
haps two weeks.
Another question which came before
the meeting to-day was the inspection j
of west-bound freight. This mat- ,
ter has the indorsement of not only ;
the Southern Pacific and Santa Pc peo- j
pie who have practically determined i
to extend the present scope of their .
inspection to embrace all the import
ant points of distribution on their lines,
but it meets the approval or the North- j
era lines as v 11. As has been before |
published the only points on the Pa
cWc Coast that have resident officials
whose presence makes an inspection of ;
incoming freight a certainty are ban
Francisco, Los Angeles and Portland.
No such officers are stationed at beat
tie or Tacoma, and consequently the
possibilities for fraudulent classifica
tion of goods are only limited by the
cupidity of the shippers. This state
of affairs, which prevails all through
the interior as well as the Puget Sound
ports works great havoc with the mer
chants and Jobbers of those Places
where inspection is an established fact.
Consequently the advocates of a . sys
tem of complete inspection are all the
large houses of these three centers as
well as all the reputable houses of the
other cities of tne .oast and the East.
When the question came up to-day ,
the representatives of the O. R. and N.,
Northern Pacific and Great Northern
lines gave tt their hearty support, and
the only stumbling block in the way of
their adoption of the same measure
that is contemplated by the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fe was the Canadian
Pacific whose representatives are
present at the meeting by special Invi
tatlon as theirs, not being a Western
American line, does not belong to the
bureau. These gentlem.-n would give
no expression of opinion either one way
or the other without first receiving in
structions from their superiors, and
therefore the matter, as far as the four
northern lines are concerned, was laid
on the table pending an answer to a
telegram on the matter, which was
drafted and sent to the Canadian Pa
cific's headquarters. The Canadian Pa- |
cific has already a very stringent sys
tem of inspection at the points of <lis
tribution on the Canadian side of their
line, but none at all at their American
terminals on the Pacific Coast, and it
Is estimated that should one be estab
lisbed the amount of increased freight :
that would be received at Seattle alone
would foot up over $25,000 a month.
Frank N. Johnson of the Simmons
Hardware Company of St. Louis, in
speaking of the stand he has taken in
the present matter, had this to say:
•'ln May, 1897. it came to the knowl
edge of the Chicago and St. Louis j
houses that the Pacific Coast jobbers,
more particularly the Pacific Coast
Hardware and Metal Association and |
the Merchants' and Manufacturers' As- !
sedation of California, were dissatis- 1
fled with the present adjustment of |
rates, as it gives the retail dealers of !
the coast an equal show with them- |
selves on a great many commodities,
and they then petitioned the railroad \
companies to advance the rate for the j
following reasons, which appear on
their petition to the Transcontinental
Freight Bureau.
"First — We believe that on transcon
tinental shipments 1. c. 1. rate sho-uld
In on instance be less than 50 cents per
100 pounds advance of c. 1. rate on the
same commodity. This principal should
apply to class rates as well. Existing i
tariffs to coast treminals as well as to i
intermediate points are plainly to the I
advantage of Chicago and St. Louis
jobbers and are evidently made with
out consulting the interests of the jr/b
bers on this coast. In proof of this we
point to the frequent absence of any
differential between c. I. and 1. c. 1.
rates on commodities which members
of our association import largely, and
where a difference does exist between
1. c. 1. and c. 1. rates it is too frequently
so small as to practically afford the
jobber little or no protection. It is a
Well-recognized Well-recognized principle in all com
mercial transactions that quantity gov
erns prices and in the matter of trans
portation the justification of this prin
ciple is doubly apparent. Note that the
present basis of rates practically af
fords the jobber little or no protection,
hence they ask that the r.nilroad com
panies advance their less than carload
rates so there shall be in no instance I
less than f>o cents per hundred pounds |
difference between c. 1. and 1. c. 1. rates, i
They name no maximum difference,
and hence it is fair to assume in some
cases they would ask a $1 r>o difference, i
as there is no limit to- their greed. The
effect of this would be that the retail
ers and consumers of California, in
order to enrich the jobbers would be ;
compelled to pay from 50 cents per 100
and upward over the present tariffs,
and very little of this money would find
its way into the coffers of the railroad
companies, as the movement of goods
would be principally in carload lots,
and the increased freight would go Into
the pockets of the jobbers."
E. L. Cutting o-f Waterhouse & Les
ter, and representing the wagon mate
rial trade of the Pacific Coast, is also
a member of the committee of the Pa
cific Coast Metal and Hardware Asso
ciation, who appeared and spoke before
the bureau yesterday. '
MAY SWALLOW
UP THE CHINESE
Peking Agrees to the De
mands of the Czar
of Russia.
England Looks Upon the Con
dition of Affairs as Most
Serious.
Will Compel the British Government
to Take Action in the Far
East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. March 24.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Times says: China yes
terday (Wednesday) agreed to all the
Russian demands. Following are the
concessions?. The lease of Port Arthur
for twenty-five years as sv fortified naval
base, a lease of Talien Wai: Co: twemy
five years as an open port and as the ter
minus of the Trans-Mar.churian Bail
way with a right of fortification, and the
right for the Russians to construct a
railway from Petuna (in Manchuria on
the Sungary River) to Talien Wan and
Port Arthur on the same terms as stip
ulated in the case of the Trans-Manchu
rian Railway.
The Times, referring editorially to the
dispach of its Peking correspondent as
to the Chinese concession to Russia says:
The news is so serious that it may com
pel England to take immediate action.
If the Russian demands are allowed to
prevail we shall be obliged to recognize
the fact that China is about to be rap
idly reduced to the position of the
Khanates of Central Asia, first terrorized
and paralyzed and .ultimately swallowed
up by Russia.
Sir' Chin-Chen, the Chinese Minister,
paid a hurried visit to the Foreign office
this evening and remained there three
quarters of an hour.
RUSSIA RESERVE
IS IN READINESS.
On Account of Difficulties in Korea
Fifty Thousand Troops Will
Be Sent to East Asia.
LONDON, March 25.— The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Daily Tele
graph says: All classes of the Russian
army reserve have been warned to hold
themselves in readiness to be summoned
for service, and on account of the diffi
culties in- Korea it has been decided to
dispatch to East Asia a corps of 00.000
men of the first line of reserves.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Mr. Hebbror of Salinas Making a
Hard Fight to Save Cattle of
Southern California. •
WASHINGTON. March 24.— Tn accord
ance with a suggestion made by Senator
Stewart of Nevada, who accompanied J.
R. Hebbron of Salinas to see the Secre
tary of Agriculture this morning, Secre
tary Wilson wired the Governor of Ne
vada asking if cattle from Southern Cali
fornia would be received from those Cali
fornia cattlemen who own grazing lands
in Nevada. The reply was that cattle
from the quarantined district of Califor
nia would not be received. This is rather
discouraging to Senator Perkins and Mr.
Hebbron, but being reinforced by tele
grams from prominent citizens and offi
cials of California representing that
thousands of cattle will die from the
drought unless something is done they wjil
continue their efforts to secure from the
Secretary of Agriculture an order locat
ing the quarantine line further south.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original— Carlisle Gibson, Es
condldo, $6; Lewis Cram. Whittier. $6.
Reissue and increase— William Coleman,
Veteran's Home. Napa, $6 to $8.
Washington— Original— Albert Howard,
Crescent. $6.
James N. Otto was to-day appointed
postmaster at Requa. Del Norte County,
vice William T. Bailey, resigned. A post
office was established at Yakuta, Alaska.
and Richard W. Beasley appointed post
master. The postmasters at Seattle and
Port Townsend. Wash., have been in
structed to discontinue the exchange of
through registered pouches between their
respective offices. This order is to take
effect immediately.
The following order was to-day issued
hy the Postoffice Department: "Refer
ring to the foreign mail steamship sched
ule for the current month (March) and for
the next month rAprilt this office is ad
vised that hereafter all the steamers of
the Pacific Mail and Occidental and Ori
ental Steamship companies sailing from
San Francisco for China and Japan will
call at Honolulu."
TRAFFIC MANAGER
OF THE ATCHISON.
George T. Nicholson, a Competent
Young Railroad Man, Gets a
Merited Promotion.
CHICAGO, March 24.— George T. Nlchol
ADVERTISEME2- ,S.
fSTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMANITY
•■ He who loses that is wrecked Indeed. Is your
health fulling you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
c _
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS. CHRONIC anoSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women.
VAllllft III!!! t'"" a tural drains caused
IUUHII IllClßl through errors of youth
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped. -
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
IA/CJLV II El! Organs of the body which
fffbAlV ITi kill have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions arc restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
DIIDTIIDC cured by his new method,
flUl 1 UnC without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
If ADIOfIPCi C hydrocele, swelling and
WAIIIUUUbLCa tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from •
the system. '
LA niCC wi " receive special attention for all
fll|lC«9 their many ailmenls.
CONSULTATION FREE M&*
• WRITE if you cannot call. A valuable nook
"Guide to Health," free F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
717 Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Francisco, Cal. •
son. now general passenger agent of the
St. Louis and San Francisco road, has
been appointed traffic manager of the
Atchison road to succeed William F.
White, deceased. Mr. Nicholson was
for years general passerfger agent of the
Atchison system and chief assistant tn
Mr. White. He is familiar with every
foot of the system and with all the work
done by Mr. White in building up the
traffic of the Atchison. It is but recently
that he resigned his position on the Atch
ison to become passenger agent of the St.
JjOUis and San Francisco road. Mr
Nicholson, although a young man, is con
sidered one of the ablest men In the
passenger service, and is tn every way
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCX5O00OO0COO0O00CX>0OOOO00OOOCXX)OOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOO30OOQ
p V«^ \*IS=SUITS FOn^ **** I
I M,: Mothers I
I iJuY) and |||
I Uflv Sisters j
I In I Approve! I
8 \/ ■ They are following 8
§ W I I our suggestion and x
5 . 'i£~ are pointing out to 2
o husbands and sons 8
4 and brothers the way to be well q
§ dressed without paying extrava- 8
§ gantly for it. . x
I Our $10 Suits I
I Reduced from $15, I
8 Correct in style, perfect in fit and g
| workmanship, are good business o
§ suits and wonderful bargains to §
8 even the most exacting dressers. 8
Q X
§ E\/ER"V GARMENT PILL- W/OOL— IN O
Q TWEEDS, CHEVIOTS ANO CMSSI/VIERES. X
:• KEPT IN REF*/\IR ONE >^EMR f="REE. Q
§ We Carry a Fine Line of Men's Furnishing Goods and Hats. §
I 718 -MARKET STREET, S. F- I
QCXXX?QOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO€X?SXXX>OOOOOOCOOQOOOOOQOQQQOOOOQ
DIRECTORY OF
A/j/Vi '^fiasKWMinL //<< ' v TRANSPORTATION— Continued.
<s^^^^^^Mj travelers to dawson
45^aJ8BB Via DTEA and SKAGUAY can arrance to
rRSW \ >9v^9aSSil have their provisions sent via Pt. Michael
/*/*4* Ji/^gMCR. and tne Yukon River, by applying to
OJS4Bp ALASKA-YUKON
*/^^^^P TRANSPORTATION CO,.
/^vIiK^FSBS 3 STEU ART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
// fyw fc^l California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
/ Ijrf/M& 62S Market St.-
/ IflJ 'f Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer
/ I'll' (now building), for Dawson City, via St.
/' J \ Michael, about June 1. Fare. $300; 150 pounds
■ TRANSPORTATION.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, IS9B. Fare,
Including 2500 pounds baggage or freight. $200.
Passengers will apply early to LVNDE &
HOUGH CO.. 40 California St.. San Francisco,
or to A. 11. Herriman, general manager. 201
Front St., San Francisco. ■
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
SKAGLAY.
For passage and freight apply-to
UNION SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY. 21 Market street.
BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
owing to lack of food; larger and just as rich
as Klondike; produced • about $5,000,000; 1500 x
100 feet: our new modern steamer. Alice
Rix. stops there going to Dawson City; our
book free. Alaska- Transportation Co.. » 224
Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House. ■• . u. •
Q Vf.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
i^» Museum of Anatomy
||aS\ ICSI IU3MT ST. b«t. £th * 7th, S. F. C»i.
£ri D The Largt.t of Its kind in th« World-
I H§l' 1 DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
iP^F'k Con.ult«;loo fre«. ffriu tor Book
nfl of Marriage.
a U , . .; MAILED mcc.
qualified to fill the position to which ha
has been appointed.
New Cntholic Church.
SANTA ROSA, March 24.— A new Ro
man Catholic church will soon be built at
Sebastopol. Father Rogers of Tomales Is
directing the work, the success of which
is already assured.
Deaths From the Plague.
BOMBAY, March 24.— There were 1259
deaths from the plague during the past
week. Four Europeans were among tha
victim?.
baggage free.
• Freight 10 cents per pound.
Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded,
with a speed of 15 miles per hour, and elec-
tric lighted throughout. Send for pamphlet
and map of gold fields, free. Also steamers
to Dr«a and Bkacnay. -
GAS ENGINES. _
UNION GAS ENGINE CO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS. ~
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINS PAINT CO.. 118 Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
SLEEPING BAGS.
' ■ ARCTIC sleds, -' rctic dogs, Yukon boats,
pilot r maps to . the Klondike, Alaska : outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood: 50 boats can bo
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 718 Third
st. 'Phone Red 2361.
DR.MQNDLTY.
n"»nrs v.F.r.r. known and rkuable ot.li
. -I Specialist c!/re*Prlvate,Nervous,Hloo<2 and Skin
Diseases of Men on! v. Manly Power restored. Over
20 experience. Send for Book, free. ; Patient.l
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, oto » :
tlaily:6:3otnB.3ocv'»rs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consult*.
tion free and aacredlyconfldentla*. . Cull or address •
. P. ROSCOE JIfSCLTT, 91. ».,
20 ' i Kcaruj Street. Baa k <*ucls««». ('&■>
56
FRIDAY MARCH 25, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. j
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F. |
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year: per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri&fts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
•RANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh I
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and,
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Mysterious Mr. Bugle."
Columbia— "l 492 "
Alcazar— "Unce Dudley"
Morosco's— "The Upper Hand."
livoli— • The Widow O'Brien."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Marteau Violin Recital, this evening
and Saturday afternoon
Sherman, Clay Hall, 223 Sutter street— Concert, to-morrow
afternoon.
The Chutes- The Zoo. Vaudeville and Lion Hunt.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Special Excursion to San Jose and the Santa Clara Valley,
Saturday. March -ti.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Inglestde Track— Races,
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfieltl- This day, March 25, Furniture, at
IB Stockton street, at 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan <fc Doyle— Saturday, March 26, Buggies, Wagons,
etc.. at 222 MisMon street, at 11 o'ciock.
By M. German— Tuesday. March 2d, Hardware, at 1011 Broad-
way, Oakland, at 11 o clock.
STREET CONTRACTORS' RINGS.
A MORNING contemporary announces with a
flourish that the Grand Jury has again dis
covered a street contractors' ring at the City
Hall. The Call made the same announcement sev
eral days ago, but, as in this instance, the "news"
was accompanied by a statement that the jurors
could "do nothing." By "do nothing" the reporters
mean that the ring has conducts, itself in a seemly
manner, carefully observed the law, and has stolen
without rendering any of its members liable to in
dictment. In due time we shall, therefore, probably
hear that the pursuit of the thieves has been aban
doned.
One cannot cultivate familiarity with the methods
employed by the Board of Supervisors and the
Street Department in carrying on public work in
this city without a feeling of acute disgust. For
twenty years the latter department has served no
purpose whatever except to provide a lot of steam
beer politicians, too incompetent to otherwise earn
a living, with fat places. In connection with the
Street Committee of the Supervisors the chief pur
pose of the institution has been to fasten mechanics'
liens upon the property of inoffensive citizens. The
greatest wonder of the century is that the property
owners have submitted to robbery so long. They
are a tractable lot or they would long ago have re
volted.
At one time during a period of over four years a
ring of bituminous rock contractors paid the City
Hall politicians a royalty of 2 cents on every foot
of that pavement laid in the city. We do not know
whether this practice still prevails, but if it has been
discontinued it is a recent affair. At the same time
a cement ring sold all the cement, and a broken rock
ring all the rock used in street work. These
operations were effected by doctoring the specifica
tions. Prices of public contracts were kept up by
attacking the responsibility of anti-ring contractors
and by bringing suits against them whenever they
attempted to meit bituminous rock in violation of
an alleged "patent" on the steaming process owned
by the ring.
The money to support this horde of schemers was
taken from property-owners by force. The cost of
street work is a legal charge on the land assessed,
and as the courts are always careful to see that the
liens of mechanics and material men are maintained,
there is nothing for a property-owner to do when
caught by the ring but pay. Thus for years the fee
simple of every piece of real estate in San Francisco
has been held subject to the demands of street con
tractors' rings similar to the one now discovered for
the tenth time by the Grand Jury and toward the
destruction of which nothing can be done. And yet
the people of this unhappy town are contented with
their lot. Reveling in "concrete" foundations made
of sand and soft rock, in sewers constructed of lime
barrels, of asphalt that maintains the consistency of
mush in all seasons, and in a street contractors' ring
which charges a profit on doing nothing of 500 per
cent, they are as happy as larks and go tripping
down their Appian way to business every day without
a thought of the morrow.
But the explosion is bound to come. Some day
the street contractors in their greediness will over
step the law. Then San Quentin will be stuffed with
basalt block men. sewer builders, asphalt operators,
Supervisors and Street Department burglars.
The people of this country are not superstitious,
but they can afford to indulge the sailor in his
whims. And sailors were unanimous in the belief
that to christen a battleship with water meant to
fasten upon it a fatal hoodoo. It is not strange that
the Kentucky went down the ways dripping with the
contents of several bottles that did not smell the
least like water.
"McKinley Approves New Journalism" is the head
by which the yellow journal introduces a statement
by the President. Nothing in the statement in any
measure bears out the assertion. The President is
still believed to be a gentleman, and sane.
It is said that the late train robbers did not trouble
the passengers, which was certainly considerate of
them, but neither did the passengers trouble them,
so in the matter of courtesy honors seem to be easy.
According to a bulletin displayed in the window
of the saffron freak yesterday the "situation in Spain
was imminent." It is not too much to say that this
is worse than most people had supposed.
Lieutenant Marix is going to unnecessary trouble.
He has been denying the authenticity of interviews
credited to him by a set of space-filling liars.
The tendency to blanch at the horror of war might
bp in a measure mitigated if Charlotte Smith would
only enlist and go to the front.
WAR FOR THE SAKE OF PEfICE.
IN such measure as human judgment may be de
pended upon the common verdict that the crisis in
the mutual concerns of this country and Spain is
at hand seems to be correct. It is a time of grave
moment, and one in which action, however hasty in
execution, must not be ill-considered.
During the days since the Maine, at anchor in a
friendly harbor, was sent to a grave in the ooze be
neath the waves, a tomb for hundreds of brave men,
the people of the United States have possessed them
selves with wondrous patience. In the face of count
less rumors, despite every indication that their sailors
were cruelly murdered, they have awaited the verdict
of the court of inquiry, and with a pacific endurance
unprecedented they await it still. While this tension
grows in acuteness it is more than unseemly that
Spain should by a course distinctly hostile provoke
to outbreak the wrath which has been slumbering.
But if she insist upon this insane procedure there will
be left to this country no alternative. The flag of
Castile must be driven from Western seas and the
blight of her presence in Cuba become but a memory.
The people of the United States do not want war.
They realize the horror of carnage. They have not
encouraged a jingo spirit. But they are unanimous
in the sentiment that the honor of their fair land
must be sustained at any cost of blood and money.
They are ready freely to contribute both. The Presi
dent need not fear that in any step he may take to
check the arrogance of Spain he will not have to
uphold his hands the fullest indorsement of the na
tion. It is only in case he may so strive for peace
that honor may be thrust into the background that
he can lack the most complete support. A sign of
wavering would only be weakness.
The Call has not clamored for war; it does not
now do so. But it believes war preferable to dis
grace. .If the President shall warn MadrH that the
Spanish torpedo boats now approaching Porto Rico
must turn about, and the warning be unheeded, the
only construction to be placed on the refusal would
be that the insane folly of Spain in dreaming of pos
sible conquest in this domain was about to crystallize
into open battle. This fact being apparent, the
sooner it shall be recognized the better. Even so
decisive a move as the capture or destruction of the
flotilla would be applauded. And then the seizure
of Havana would naturally follow. Spain would be
helpless. Life and treasure would be saved. The war
would be over when scarce begun. Thus the seeming
audacity would really be caution; the initial sound of
gu/is a demand for peace.
But if the flotilla be permitted to anchor in the
waters of the Caribbean Sea, to assume its arma
ment, many a proud ship will follow the Maine before
the formidable fleet can be dispersed, and only after
a dreadful contest can there be accomplished that
which would be so plain an undertaking now.
There is no occasion for paying heed to the blus
tering of an unclean lot of yellow sheets, scurrilous
with insinuations that the administration is recreant
to its trust or fails to realize the dire portent of the
occasion. Every such insinuation is an insult. These
effigies of journalism should be cast aside. It is an
hour for patriots and statesmen, for conservative de
cency.
Patriotism is a strong element in the web of this
commonwealth. Its voice is entitled to be heard
even outside of legislative halls. It calls for the
crushing of Spanish misrule, a close to the reign of
famine and rapine. This voice is imperative; the
issue sure. Then why delay?
ON THE SPEAKER'S DESK-
EVER since the immigration restriction bill was
sent from the Senate to the House Mr. Danford
of Ohio, chairman of the House Committee on
Immigration, has been periodically giving promises
that he would soon call it up in the House and get a
vote on it. Up to this time these promises have not
been kept.
At one time it was decided the bill should be
taken up on March 15. When that day arrived, how
ever, the Loud postoffice appropriation bill obtained
the right of way, and then, according to our dis
patches from Washington, Mr. Danford rose and
asked, "What is the parliamentary status of the immi
gration bill?" "It is on the Speaker's desk," replied
Mr. Reed, "and can be called up at any time when a
privileged matter is not before the House." Mr.
Danford thereupon sat down. A week has passed and
the bill is still on the Speaker's desk.
In the meantime public impatience at the delay is
increasing and there is a growing suspicion that
some sort of jugglery is going on to prevent the bill
from being brought up at all at this session. We
called attention some time ago to the strong oppo
sition to the bill which had been organized in the
East and to the mass meetings called to protest
against the measure which had been held in several of
the larger Eastern cities. It is evident from the re
sults that these meetings and the force^vhich organ
ized them have not been without their effect. They
have kept the bill suspended out of reach for weeks
.md may keep it there indefinitely.
In this state of affairs it is somewhat surprising to
see that the New York Press attributes the delay to
Republican Congressmen from the West. In a re
cent editorial it said: "It is understood that certain
Western members, although Republicans, are using
every means in their power not merely to postpone
vthe bill) but defeat it." The Press is so prone to see
evil in everything Western that it has reached the
point where it sees a Western influence in everything
evil. It would be interesting to know on what evi
dence it bases its belief that Western men are fighting
immigration restriction. The league that has been
organized to oppose the bill has its headquarters in
New York, and all of its mass meetings up to date
have been held in cities east of the Mississippi.
There is no cause, however, for sectional recrimi
nations on this issue. The cause is one on which all
sections of the Union should stand together. This is
certainly true of Republicans, for their platform of
1896 pledged them to enact a better restriction bill
for the protection of the quality of American citizen
ship and the wages of American labor. The bill is
on the Speaker's desk, and perhaps if a petition or
two from American labor organizations were sent to
Washington Mr. Danford might be induced to call
it up sortie day and take a vote on it.
A lady was recently injured by a Market street car,
and the conductor would not provide her a carriage,
explaining that the company made no provision for
such emergencies. Yet when emergencies of the
kind are so frequent a thoughtful company would
naturally be prepared for them. A carriage, how
ever, would not be enough for the Market street
concern. It should have also an ambulance and a
dead wagon.
This seems to be a peculiar year in that rain does
not follow the rule of falling alike on the just and
the unjust. Here in California people have been
praying — it must be admitted without visible effect —
for showers, while in Ohio they are skirmishing
around for a dry spot to step on.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
DOLEFUL TIMES IN HAWAII.
BY the last files from the islands a condition is
revealed that foreshadows the breaking up of
the oligarchy.
When a government by a minority has to stand
under arms, as admitted by the Chronicle, it is apt
to do other things not common to government by a
majority. In the Hawaiian Senate the condition of
the public exchequer and accounts has first excited
suspicion, and that has been followed by darm. A
Senator of the Government paity made the official
statement that the Board of Health accounts were
in suspicious shape. The Attorney-General replied
on the floor of the Senate, and the Government or
gan, the Advertiser, attacked the Senator so brutally
that he replied to the organ and the Attorney-
General by saying: "My charges were backed by
documentary evidence. This morning a newspaper
scurrilously blackguarded me and attempted to in
timidate me from making criticisms on the members
of the Government. One Senator told me this
morning that he would hesitate before making any
criticism of the Government, as he did not want
to be attacked in such scurrilous articles."
The Advertiser makes rejoinder to this in an article
entitled "The Party and the Government," which in
its way is an ingenuous gem. It says: "Appear
ances are misleading. The American element of the
community expects that all proceedings in the Legis
lature here will be conducted as they are in the forty
five legislative bodies of the United States and in the
American Congress. The universal rule in all those
bodies is for the members of a party to stand by the
government it has put into power. This rule is car
ried so far that even just criticism of public officials
is strictly taboo. Gross frauds committed by officials
who are members of the party are concealed. All
dirty linen is washed strictly in private excepting by
the ignorant or the irrepressibles who lose their
tempers.
"The /act that members of the dominant party are
trying to annoy the Government of their own crea
tion creates the impression that they wish to change
it. The real truth is that they are inexperienced
politicians and do not seem to have heard of
the way politicians conduct their business in America
or Great Britain.
"The conduct of several members of the dominant
party justifies the belief that they are crippling the
Government "of their and our own creation. They
are too willing to gloat over what they think are
rotten spots in the record. In taking this course
they refuse to follow the example of party men else
where, and they may be morally right about it. It
is not good politics, however. It is said that white
men cannot work in the tropics. Perhaps it may be
equally true that white men can't legislate wisely in
the tropics. We are learning something every day."
When it is remembered that the oligarchy has
disfranchised all opposition to the dominant party
and that only that party is represented in the Gov
ernment, the plea for imitation of party methods in
the United States is the most amusing piece of pub
lic rascality that was ever printed. Here in every
State Legislature and in Congress is a strong oppo
sition party that often overdoes the criticism of pub
lic officials. But in Hawaii there is only one party;
the opposition is disfranchised, and the Govern
ment, being absolute, if sheltered against exposure of
corruption by its own partisans, is perfectly safe in
doing anything it chooses. It is evident that under
this rule it has chosen to do much that won't bear
the light, and therefore has need of the party lash as
applied by its organ.
We have had much talk in this country about the
Dole oligarchy being the rule of the pure in spirit
of the missionary party. It is a rude awakening for
the organ of that party to declare that the proper
rule of government is "to conceal the grossest
frauds" for the sake of those who are in power.
WHILE the free silver men are having their
own way in the Democratic party in the West
they are by no means masters of the camps
of the party east of the Mississippi. The gold men
in that section are making plans and forming com
binations of all kinds to regain control of the party
organization in their States, and some of them are
ambitious enough to attempt to capture the national
organization be/ore the assembling of the conven
tion in 1900.
One of the boldest of these schemes is a plan to
oust Mr. Bailey of Texas from his position as leader
of the Democratic party in the House of Representa
tives. According to this plan Hill is to be nomi
nated for Congress in New York and Gorman in
Maryland. The hope of the projectors of the scheme
is to elect both of these able party leaders, but they
would be fairly well satisfied if they can elect one.
Their scheme is based upon the assumption that
Bailey holds his place as leader in the House simply
because there is no strong Democrat there to op
pose him. If the conservative Democracy can get
either Hill or Gorman into the House they are on
vinced the star of the young man from Texas will be
immediately eclipsed.
It is not certain whether the two eminent leaders
would consent to accept a seat in the House even if
it could be assured them by their friends. If the
Democratic party were united it would be different.
Under such circumstances the chance of becoming
Speaker of the House in case of the election of a
Democratic majority would appeal strongly to men
who are ambitious of political leadership and power.
With a united party to sustain him the Speake* is
hardly less potent than the President himself. With
a divided party, however, the Speaker's position
would be far from an enviable one, and Democracy
is divided. This consideration may interfere with the
programme that has been marked out. Mr. Hill
and Mr. Gorman may conclude that it would be
better for their political fortunes as well as for their
personal repose to decline a nomination.
Whatever may be the outcome of the plan, the
fact that it is being extensively discussed in the East
is an evidence of the ardor with which the Demo
crats of the old school are fighting to redeem them
selves from the domination of the new men brought
to the front by the campaign of 1896. They will put
their best men to the front in the elections this fall,
and even if neither Hill nor Gorman goes to Con
gress to lead them on, the chances are Mr. Bailey
of Texas will have some pretty strong opponent to
defeat if he attempts to hold in the next Congress
his position as leader of his party.
A clerk in St. Paul has been arrested after having
successfully floated $625,000 of bogus paper. He
realized the cash and now he realizes that he has not
the cash, but the prospect of a term in the peniten
\iary. No direct expression has been obtained from
him, but the chances are that he does not feel that
he had much fun with the stolen money after all.
In case of war the Government has only to use
dynamite in the proportion favored by the modern
train robber to blow Spain clear off the earth.
GORMAN AND HILL.
SPECIAL FEATURES
IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
HILE the clamor of war fills the air the world round and nations
Iff East and West are furbishing up their great guns, you ought to
18/ read how Uncle Sam prepares one of his great battle-ships for
11/ sea THE SUNDAY CALL took special photographs of the Ore-
gon the other day, just before she left the Golden Gate on her
long voyage to join the Atlantic squadron. Pictures and story
will tell you how Jack Tar lives amid the shouting orders, rattle
of machinery and the extraordinary rush of getting ready for a long sea
great talk among the war disputants of what havoc belliger
ent Spain or any other nation might do to our shipping in case of war
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL there will be a graphic and exciting story
of the destructive work done our merchantmen by the Confederate crui
ser. Alabama. The story was written by a man, now residing here, who
was a sailor on one of the early vessels captured by the Alabama, He took
service with her, and sailed in her about the Atlantic, while she was cap
turing, looting and burning prizes. Read how traps were laid to capture
the treasure-laden ships expected from California. The story is a string
of thrilling adventures and not the least of them is the daring way in
which the pressed seaman escaped from the Alabama while she was being
hotly chased by the Yankee gunboats.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Just to learn something more about those acres and acres of famous tur
quoise mines in San Bernardino County that THE CALL expedition made
known to the world last week. Scientists are actively trying to get pos
session of the writings and relics left there by the very ancient people who
worked the mines. Several expeditions are being fitted out to systemati
cally explore them and take careful photographs of the strange writings left
on the cliffs. Prospectors have caught another phase of the fever and
they're rushing to the place to stake out claims and sack the acres of un
cut turquoises that are scattered about the turquoise-covered section.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Helena Modjeska will advise young girls how to succeed on the stage and
incidentally the famous tragedienne will relate her own experiences.
The most important classical discovery of the decade has just been
made in Egypt. Scholars have unearthed evidence to prove that Osiris,
the famous Egyptian God-King, was an actual person*, as was Isis, his
wife. If you are interested in this «me of knowledge
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
The airship is coming; don't make any mistake about it. The date
alone is still a little uncertain. Several machine flyers are now being built
on lines that have been proved to fee practical. The work is being pushed
independently in several parts of the world. So sure are builders of their
approaching success that they are each cheerfully putting from $50,000 to
$100,000 into the work. How the last airship that was built proved tha.t its
inventor was right, how it was accidentally destroyed and how our own
inventors nearer home have joined m the race to launch the first successful
flying machine is all told in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
There are pages of other special features, the whole capitally illus
trated.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
G. TV. Towle of Towle Is at the Grand.
P. W. Leland from Palo Alto Is at the
Lick.
Miss E. Bayliss of New York is at the
Palace.
J. E. Patten from Bakersfield is at the
Baldwin.
H. T>. Fraser of Chicago is a guest at
the Palace.
W. F. Prisk of Grass Valley is at the
Occidental.
L. Cohen of Philadelphia is a guest at
the Baldwin.
Senator C. M. Simpson of Pasadena Is
at the Grand.
B. W. "Wolls Jr., U. S. N., is registered
at the Palace.
Baron and Baroness yon Schroeder are
at the Palaco.
R. D. Davis of Sacramento is registered
at the Palace.
Drury Melone, a merchant of Oak Knoll,
is at the Palace.
Colonel E. B. Fairbanks of Petaluma is
at the California.
Charles A. Royce of New York is a
guest at the Grand.
E. P. Bryan and wife from St. Louis
are at the California.
J. R. Luddy of Los Angeles is regis
tered at the Baldwin.
Henry Bedlow of Newport, R. 1., is reg
istered at the Palace.
Attorney James F. Peck of Merced is
registered at the Lick.
E. E. Bush, a real estate man from
Hanford, is at the Lick.
R. W. "Watson, a miner from Silverton,
is a guest at the Palace.
C. F. Bremer from Lexington, Ky., is a
guest at the Occidental.
W. E. Schofield and family of Cleveland,
Ohio, are at the Palace.
A party of
prominent East
erners, who are
touring through
California, were
quietly enjoying
a cold bottle in
the grill room of
AN OLD
LOVE
LETTER.
the Palace Hotel the other evening, and
as they sipped the sparkling wine and
exhaled the blue smoke of their Havanas
they naturally discussed a variety of in
teresting subjects, and among them arose
that of love letters.
"I know of a man in Georgia," said one
of the gentlemen, "who received a love
letter just thirty-six years after it was
penned, and the first intimation that he
had of it was when he read it in one of
the large New York dailies. The man is
now a prominent politician, but at the
time the letter was written he was a sol
dier in the Confederate army.
"The mail containing it was captured
by an officer In the Federal army, who
kept the letter, along with a bundle of
others. Only recently he discovered them
at his home, where they had been hidden
away ever since the war. Thinking that
the letters would make a good story for
a paper he disposed of them, and they
were published, the love letter among
them.
"When the Southern politician read
the letter written to him by his sweet
heart he had food for reflection. In it
she told of her undying devotion and
fidelity, and gave her soldier lover to un
derstand that life without him would be
a barren waste. Now she is the mother
of a large family, but she did not marry
the Southern poJitician. No; she is at
present the wife of his most hated polit
ical rival."
William F. Funston and family of St.
Louis are at the Palace.
Mrs. Wesley and daughter of San Jose
are registered at the Lick.
Dr. P. C. Donovan of Heche. North
Dakota, is at the Grand.
John M. Lane, a wine merchant from
Woodside, is at the California.
M. A. Foley, a prominent miner from
St. Paul, Minn., is at the Palace.
W. P. Lynch, the Assessor of Butte
County, is a guest at the Lick.
Edward L. Howe, a commercial man
from Boston, is at the Baldwin.
Lieutenant-Commander J. S. Phelps, of
the United States navy, is at the Palace.
C. P. Wheeler of Chicago is registered
at the Palace.
O. J. Salesburg, a merchant from Salt
Lake City, is a guest at the Palace.
Mrs. L. F. Anderson and daughter from
Walla Walla are at the Occidental.
W. L. Woodrow, an undertaker from
San Jose, is a guest at the Palace.
John G. Ferguson and family of De
troit are registered at the Occidental.
J. S. Hart, a merchant of Cincinnati, ac
companied by his family, is at the Palace.
Francis H. Lowe and John Foster
Fraser from London are registered at the
Grand.
Frank J. Jones, a merchant of Cincin
nati, accompanied by his family, is at the
Palace.
General M. W. Muller of the National
Guards, whose home is at Fresno, is
registered at the California.
Dr. V. T. McGlllycuddy, a member of
the Army Surgeons' Association, and at
one time one of the Government's repre
sentatives in charge of the Red Cloud
Indian agency in South Dakota, is a
guest at the Grand.
ROME'S CURSE OF GOLD.
New York Sun.
Hon. William Jennings Bryan spoke his
piece at Rome, Ga,, last week. In intro
i ducing him, Captain John J. Seay, "May
i or-elect," complimented both the Italian
1 Rome and the Georgian. The latter,
"built on seven hills, at the confluence of
two magnificent navigable streams, sur
rounded by rich valleys and beautiful
mountains, lies in a panorama unsur
passed in natural beauty and grandeur
;by any city in the world." Ancient Rome
j "was once mistress of the world; to her
j all nations of the earth paid tribute. Why
is she no longer the mistress of the
i world? Why has the payment of the
tribute ceased? The curse of gold! The
curse of gold! If the Roman republic in
its last days had had a statesman and an
i economist like the fearless, eloquent and
sagacious William J. Bryan Latin would
be the native language of Lincoln, Neb.,
to-day." _
OBLITERATION OF SECTIONAL
LiNES.
The country is to be congratulated upon
the almost total obliteration of the sec
tional lines -which for so many years
marked the division of the United States
ftito slave and free territory and finally
threatened its partition into two separ
ate governments ~y the dread ordeal of
civil war. The era of reconciliation, so
long and earnestly desired, has happily
come, and the feeling of distrust and
hostility between the sections is every
where vanish.ng, let us hope never to
return. Nothing is better calculated to
give strength to the nation at home, in
crease our power and influence abroad
and add to the permanency and security
of our free institutions taan the restora
tion of cordial relations between the peo
ple of all parts of our beloved country.—
New York Sun.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
What's a wife when a man can afford
to own a good dog?
Every cat that does not eat its meals
regularly hates some man.
A man generally wears his first dress
suit about the way he carries his first
baby.
I wonder why girls always get a lot
more confidential when they are taking
down their hair?
When a girl tells another girl that she
is engaged to two men at once she tries
to talk in a hushed, subterranean voice.
A married woman is probably anxious
to get all the girls she knows married off
so the man can't teach them to crow
over her.— New York Press.
FROSPE-.--Y POINTER.
Nebraska is s-owing Mr. Bryan the
practicability of paying off mortgages
without the free coinage of silver. The
release of farm mortgages in that State
for 1897 amounted to nearly $13,000,000,
against a little over $11,000,000 in 1536.
while the total reduction in mortgage
indebtedness was greater than has been
known for many years in the history of
that State. — Cincinnati Tribune.
WAR SCARES WORLD-WIDE.
The commotion seems to extend all over
the world. Every great power from th*
United States going east to Japan is pre
paring or is already prepared for war.
It may be discouraging to the universal
peace folks, yet let them not despair. —
Springfield Republican.
HAS TROUBLES OF HIS OWN.
On the theory that a man who has
troubles of his own should not take any
great pains to appropriate the troubles
of some other people. Kaiser Wilhelm
does wisely in denying that he ever said
he would back up Spain.— Chicago Record.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FIGHTING feHIPS— W. 8., Sacramento,
Cal. The United States has 105 fighting
ships at this time.
A QUOTATION— E. S., Ukiah, Cal. The
poem by Longfellow in which is the line,
"A feeling of sadness and longing," is,
"The Day Is Done."
ARMY PROMOTIONS— R. S., City. The
recent promotions in the army, conse
quent upon the addition of two regiments
of artillery, went into effect as soon a3
announced.
SAN JOSE— M. D., City. San Jose is a
Spanish name and means St. Joseph. It
is written in English as in Spanish, but
the pronunciation is Spanish and is as if
written Hosay.
A RUNNING ACCOUNT— M. E. D.. .
City. In a running account the statute '.f*
of limitation runs against each separate ''
I purchase, irrespective of the fact that a
general payment on account was made.
WHITE TURKEY- H. L.. Modesto, Cal.
I There are no pure white turkeys in this
State at this time. Some of the breed
j were imported from the East at various
I times and in some unaccountable manner
the feathers turned from pure white to
a yellowish hue.
THE BLAIRMORE- L.. Berkeley,
Cal. The following are the dimensions of
the British ship Blairmore: Gross ton
nage 1751, net 1767: length 264 feet, beam
39, depth of hold 23.5; built in 1593 by A.
H. McMillan & Son at Dumbarton, Scot
land. She is a three-master. -C. ■,
. ♦ . — .
• Just what you • want for "your Eastern
friends," Townsend's Cal. glace fruits, 50c.
— — ■ m ■ ■ ■
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont- *
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
« » ■
HOOTING THE WAILER.
Washington Post.
The Kansas farmers are perforating Mr.
Bryan's calamity talks by sending money
and supplies to Cuba. ■
« ♦ ■
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the be3t remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from" teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
■Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
■ ♦ ■
CORONADO. — Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, i \
toft and mild, being entirely free from th» \t
mists . common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen .days' *
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado. late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
AN IMPRESSIVE OBJECT LESSON.
New York Tribune.
The warship Oregon la starting- on the
long trip around Cape Horn, in order to
pet from one part of the United States
coast to another. It is an impressive ob
ject lesson in favor of the prompt con
struction of an isthmian canal under
United States control.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is
Baking
Powder
that makes the
Delicious Biscuit,
Griddle Oake
and Doughnut"MAMMA, I'M
GLAD YOU
HAVE COME"
Irene Lynch. Found in
a Cheap Lodging
House.
Dramatic Meeting Be
tween the Mother and
Daughter.
Ran Away From Home In
tending to Go to the Alaska
Gold Fields.
HER PECULIAR STORY.
Claims That She Was Held a Pris
oner by Mrs. Gay
Thomas.
Trene Lynch, the pretty 14-year-old
daughter of Daniel Lynch, who myste
riously disappeared from her home at
524 Geary street about two weeks ago,
was restored to her parents last even
ing. She was found in a room in the
Glenbrook House, 116 Sixth street. Ac
cording to her story Bhe met a woman
who is known as Mrs. Gay Thomas,
and at her invitation she accompanied
her to the room in which she was
found. She claims that she was held
a prisoner by the woman, but her
statement is ridiculed by the police.
The discovery of the missing girl was
replete with dramatic incidents.
Her distracted mother learned from
a boy named Steve Fenney, who sells
newspapers, that he had seen Irene in
:n in the Glenbrook House. He
had known the girl since infancy and
after reading the story in yesterday's
Call of her disappearance he at once
visited the room In which she claimed
she was bein^r held a prisoner. As he
knocked on the door Mrs. Thomas ap
peared and bought a paper from him.
Irene, he says, was Fitting on the bed
and as he entered the room he imme
diately recognized her as his "old
schoolmate," as he expressed it. Evi
dently realizing that young Feeney had
recognized her the girl walked over to
him and in a subdued tone asked him
t<> tell her mother of her whereabo-uts.
Feeney lo?t no time in notifying the
anxinus parent?, and they at once has
tened to the lodging-house. Mrs. Lynch
was accompanied by another woman,
and together they proceeded to the
room in which it was claimed the girl
was being held a prisoner.
As Mrs. Lynch knocked on the door
she was met by Mrs. Thomas, who de
manded to know what she wanted.
•'I want my daughter." she declared
as she stepped into the room. "You
nr<^ holding her against her will."
The next instant Irene appeared, and
seizing her mother implanted a kiss on
her forehead.
"Mama, dear, I am glad you have
IRENE LYNCH FOUND IN A LODGING-HOUSE.
come." she remarked. "I knew you
would be worried about me."
In the room at the time beside Mrs.
Thcnuus was a young man who was in
bed Mrs. Thomas was en deshabille,
ar.d'as thr distracted mother appeared
they lrth dashed from the ro-»m and
escaped. At this juncture Lynch Sr.
appeared, and after learning that the
alleged captors of their daughter had
got away he became excited, and d
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry, thin, and
falling hair, and baby blemishes prevented by
Ccticcra Soap, the roost effective skin purify- j
ing and beautifying soap in the world, as -well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
(uiicura
bMM TtirontfHWt the w-vM. Tnrr.il I>. * R <"o«r.. So'«
Prop*.. Boiion. ST *.»—■ ** Wwmtifr U» IMB, *—•
BLOOD HUMORS -' £&SEft3sUb
manded that every room in the house
be searched for them.
"Thc-y are still here." he angrily re
marked. "Do not let them escape."
The angry parent induced Officer
O'Keefe, who had entered the house im
mediately after the discovery of the
missing girl, to search the various
rooms. No trace of the man or woman
was found, however, much to the dis
gust of Lynch.
It was claimed by one of the room
ers that after Mrs. Lynch appeared
Mrs. Thomas and her male consort
went to the apartments of a friend anrt
completed their street attire. They
then left the house by the side entrance
and made their escape.
The meeting: between the missing girl
and her distracted mother was affect
ing in the extreme. Catching a glimpse
of her lost daughter Mrs. Lynch em
braced her and proceeded to shower
kisses on her upturned face. When
asked by her mother why she had not
informed her of her whereabouts the
girl remarked that Mrs. Thomas had
refused to allow her.
"She held me a prisoner," she tear
fully remarked. "I knew you wouj^
be anxious about me, but I was help
less.'
A large crowd of men and women
gathered about the house, expecting to
catch a glimpse of the missing girl, but
they were disappointed. Anxious to
avoid further notoriety Lynch called a
carriage, which was driven up to the
side entrance. While the crowd was
expecting that the girl would emerge
from the front door Lynch, accompa
nied by his daughter and two pohce
men, quietly left the house by the tide
exit.
As they got into the carriage the
crowd surged around the side entrance
ami endeavored to catch a glimpse uf
the girl who has received so much
newspaper notoriety. The driver, act
ing under instructions, at once applied
the whip to the horses, much to the
chagrin of the anxious crowd.
The party a few minutes later reach
ed police headquarters and were taken
to the office of the Chief of Police. The
latter was not in at the time, but he
sent word that he would be at his of
fice at 7 o'clock. Lynch refused to al
low the reporters to see his daughter,
and instructed her not to "say a
word." A short time afterward Chief
Lees put in an appearance and was
closeted with Lynch and his daughter
for over an hour.
After the interview Chief Lees said
that the girl had informed him that
the day before her disappearance she
met the Thomas woman, who asked
her to accompany her to San Rafael,
where she intended to work in a hotel.
"It's an easy snap," she is said to
have remarked. "Come with me and
you'll be all right."
The following day she again met her
only a short distance from her home,
and after a brief conversation she de
cided to accept her offer.
"I again met her by appointment,"
she remarked, when telling her story,
"and she took me to the house where I
was fc-und. This was over two weeks
aero, and since then she has kept me a
jirisoner. I was given sufficient to eat,
but was not allowed to leave the room.
I "Mrs. Thomas had a number of call
ers, but I was treated -with the respect
due a girl of my tender years. The
I man who was In the room with us when
I my mother appeared is rather tall end
! has a light mustache. Mrs. Thomas
j always called him Jack, but I did not
| know his last name. She seemed to be
on very friendly terms with him, but
whether she is married to him or not
I do not know. After my mother ap
peared he cleared out of the room,
leaving his clothes behind."
The girl admitted that she knew
"Lucky" Baldwin, having met him at
the race track.
'"How the story got out that I had
i gone to Los Angeles with him," she
remarked, "considerably annoys me.
It is true I have seen him at the race
track, and frequently spoke to him. He
always treated me as a gentleman
should, and to my mother he even ob
jected to me visiting the race track."
The landlady of the house said she
was aware that some young girl was
staying with Airs. Thomas, but think
ing she was related to her she did not
think it of sufficient importance to as
certain her name. Prior to the disap
pearance of the girl the Thomas
woman occupied an unpretentious
room in the Glenbrook lodging house.
Suddenly she seemed to have an abun
dance of money, and summoning the
landlady she announced her determin
ation of occupying the "swellest"
apartments in the house.
"I've got money to burn, she is said
to have remarked. "My lady friend
and I want the best rooms you have,"
After paying fer the room she
dressed, went out and returned in a
short time accompanied by Irene
Lynch.
"I noticed that the girl was rather
timid." rcauu-luul Us* linrHnrtv ci Uw.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
WILD NIGHT AND LANG SYNE.
Two Famous Greyhounds Which Have Recently
Won High Honors in Old England.
THE Waterloo cup Is unquestionably
one of the great sporting events
that Englishmen look forward to
with keen interest. The winner of
the event is always worth his or her
weight in gold, consequently Wild Night,
the fast and great bitch that won the
final course this year, is now a popular
favorite with the leashmen of Great
Britain.
Coursing in this State has made rapid
strides in the past year, and as the own
ers of high class dogs are always on the
alert for good coursing news. The Call
takes pleasure in giving its readers an
excellent picture of the winner of this
year's Waterloo cup and also the runner
up. This is what an English exchange
says of the finals:
"The deciding course in the Waterloo
cup was this year contested by a couple
of dogs which on the night of the draw
were considered to have only remote
chances, and rightly so. seeing that the
ultimate winner was a tiurd string! The
first round of the cup was notable for the
number of favorites that were knocked
out; in fact, the bowling over of the fan
cied ones was the chief characteristic
of all the stages. In the lirst round Wild
Night, the ultimate winner, beat Cissy
: house last night, "but as I thought she
1 was of age I paid little attention to
; her. During her stay in the house she
never emerged from the room, but had
frequent callers.
"I noticed a number of men, who I
thought were either race track touts or
professional gamblers, enter the room
which was occupied by Mrs. Thomas,
but not knowing the name of the miss
i ing girl I paid little attention to their
, visits."
The landlady further stated that she
i was not allowed to enter the room dur
j ing the day, as the Thomas woman al
ways told her that she would make up
the bed herself.
According to the statement of a
I young man who visited the room oc
! cupied by the Thomas woman, Irene
told him that she had run away from
! home and intended to go to Alaska.
The supposition is that she kept herself
secreted in order to make her parents
believe that she had been abducted,
hoping to get away without being de
tected.
■ ♦' ■ -
GOOD COURSING PROMISED.
Some of the Fastest Dogs in the State
Will Be Slipped To-Morrow.
The Interstate Coursing Club, of -which
Dominick Shannon is president, held one
of the most enthusiastic meetings of the
season last evening at Delta Hall, 1019
Market street. The occasion was the
drawing for the meetings which will be
held at Ingleside Park on Saturday and
Sunday and judging from the high class
dogs that are entered the patrons of the
parks can confidently look forward to
first-class si>ort.
In the all-aged stake the following dogs
were entered:
All-aged stake; purse $555 — Glen Roy vs.
Larkey & Rock's Myrtle; Connell Bros.' Sen
orita vs. W. Dalton's Lady Napoleon; J.
Byrne's Nelly B vs. Deekehnan & Panario's
Old Glory; A. Lees' Crow Dog. vs. G. Swarts'
Sllkwood; T. McHugh's Lady j.A\\ vs. D. Kah
ler's Belle of Moscow'; M. Glynn's Nell vs.
M. Murphy's Tod Sloan; W. B. Sink's Ameri
can Lady vs. T. Dean's Moondyne; Deckel
man & Pararlo's Decorator vs. T. Cronin'a
Johnny R; Kay & Trant's Sylvia vs. F.
Brown's Alma; Kay & Trant's CaYrnody vs.
T. O'Connor's Valley Star; (3. Pinto'ii Hercu
les vs. T. Sliay's Firenzl; Lynch & Maher's
Dakota vs. A. Lee's C'oralle: J. Marname's
Flashlight, vs. J. MoCormack's Black Prince;
J. Burns' Mohawk vs. Lynch & Maher's Mys
tic Mold; D. Hooker's Koolawn vs. J. Mar
name's Valley Maid; Kay & Trant's Eclipse
vs. T. Cronan's Magnet; D. Dunleas Handball
vs. D. Leonard's Bendalong: T. P.urke's Little
Pete vs. M. Mlchalik's Fireball; Lynch & Ma
her's Lurllne vs. T. Gibbons' Tullamore; P.
Capserly's Ranger vs. J. McCormack's White
Lily.
Sapling stake; purse JSO— Dillon & Reilly's
Revolver vs. J. Quane's Marietta; Carney ft
Reilly's Fair Florence vs. J. Quane's Marietta;
Casey & Reilly's Fair Florence vs. J. An
thony's Statesman; Kay & Trant's Knls Fal
len vs. W. Glasson's Daisy Dean: J. Shea's
Rathbone vs. J. E. Edmonds' Morning Glory;
Deckelman & Parario's Prince George vs.
Lynch & Maher's Lottie M: J. Quane's Thad
Stevens vs. J. Ryan's Gloaming; Carney &
Reilly's Speculation vs. M. London's Sandow;
There will be a consolation stake, the
draw for which will be held on the
grounds. The entrance fee will be $2 50,
to which the park management adds $100.
The probable winners are:
All-a^ed stake— Glen Roy, Senorita, Old
Glory. Crow Dog, Belle of Moscow, Tod Bloan,
Moondyne. Johnny R, Sylvia, Carmody, Her
cules, Coralie, Black Prince, Mystic Maid,
Koolawn. Eclipse. Bendalong, Fireball, Tulla
more, White Lily. Sapling stake— Marietta,
Statesman, Petronius, Daisy Dean, Rathbone,
Lottie M, Thad Stevens. Pandow.
Castle Crag.
The Tavern of Castle Crag will be
opened for the reception of guests on
or about June 15.
Will Mortgage Church Property.
The trustees of the Swedish Evangelical
Lutheran Ebenezer Church of San Fran
cisco have petitioned the Superior Court
for permission to obtain $7000 by mortgage
Smith who subsequently showed how
good the form was by getting into the
final of the purse, where she succumbed
to Real Turk.
"In the second round Mr. Hardy's bitch
beat Bella Dobson; at the next attempt
she beat a hot favorite in Faher For
tune, who was looked upon as certain
GOOD MONEY
FOR TROTTERS
Programme for Spring Meeting
to Be Held at Oakland
Track.
New Features Offered, by the Pacific
Coast Trotting- Horse Breeders'
Association.
The Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breed
ers' Association is out with its pro
gramme for the spring meeting, to be
held at the Oakland track commencing
about the midrlU of June and extending
for a period of f"ur or five weeks. The
association has endeavored to cut loose
from the old' conventional style of three
in-nve heat races, believing that sharp
racing and quick results will prove more
popular. Most of the races will be dashes
of a mile and over. Some mile and re
peat races are scheduled and two "four
heat races." In the latter the horse win
ning- the first heat goes to the stable,
when the remaining horses contest for
the second heat, the winner of which also
goes to the stable. Those that are left
contest for the third heat and the heat
winners then go a fourth for the purse,
which is divided according to the result
in this heat.
The entries for the third week of the
mi (ting will close at the end of the sec
ond week, and for the fourth week at
ihe end of the third week, thus insur
n classification and close contests. En
tries for the first two weeks' racing: will
close on June 1. and purses will be divided
into three moneys instead of four.
The entries are as follows:
FIRST DAY.
2:30 class trotting, purse, 2-mile dash, $200.
2:40 class pacing, purse. 1-mile dash. $2'> '.
2:13 class trotting-, purse, 1-mlle dash, $2(*).
2:07 class pacing, purpe, 1-mlle dasli, (200.
2:20 class pacing, purse, 2-mile dash. (200.
3-year-olds, trotting, purse, l-mile dash, $200.
SECOND DAY.
3:00 class trotting, purse, 1-mile dash, $200.
2:30 class pacing, purse, 1-mile dash, $200.
2:17 class trotting, purse. 1-mile dash, $2iH).
2:12 class pacing, purse, 1-mile dash, $200.
3-year-olds, pacing, purse, l-mile dash, $200.
THIRD DAY.
2:21 class trotting, purse, l-mile dash, $200.
2:20 class pacing, purse, l-mile dash, $2i"K).
2:27 class trotting, purse, l-mile dash, $2UO.
2:17 class pacing, purse, 4 heats, $300.
FOURTH DAY.
2-year-olds, pacing, purse, l-mile dash. $200.
2:4)3 class trotting, purse, l-mile dash, $2iH).
2:l* class pacing, purse, l-mile dash, $200,
2: in class trijttinp, purse, 1-mlle dash. $2"0.
2:2fi class pacing, purse. 1-mile dash, $200.
Free-for-all trotting, purse, 1-mlle dash, $203.
FIFTH DAY.
2-year-olds, trotting, purse, l-mile dash. $200.
2:10 class placing, purse, l-mile dash, $2C<O.
2:25 class trotting, purse, l-mile dash, $2'K>.
2:19 class trotting, purse, l-mile dash. $200.
2:30 class pacing, purse, heats (2 in 3) $250.
SIXTH DAY.
2:11 class trotting, purse, 1-mlle dash, $200.
2:14 class pacing, purse, l-mile dash, $2i'O.
2:25 class trotting, purse, 2-mile dash, $250.
Free-for-all paring, purse, l-mile dash, $200.
2:2.0 class trotting, purse, heats (2 in 3), $250!
SEVENTH DAY.
2-?0 clnss pacing:, purse, 1-mile dash, J2OO.
2:13 class trotting, purse, 1-mlle dash, $200.
2:18 class pacing, purse. 1-mile dash, $200.
2:2-1 class trotting, purse, 4 heats, $300.
EIGHTH DAY.
2:30 class trotting, purse, l-mtle dash. $200.
2:25 class pacing, purse, 1-mlle dash. $-'00
2:17 class trotting, purse, heats (2 In 3). $200.
3-year-olds, pacing, purse, heats (2 in 3), $250
NINTH DAY.
2:20 class pacing, purse. 1-mlle dash, $200.
2:21 class trotting, purse, l-mi!e dash. $2no.
2:27 class trotting-, purse, 1-mile dash $200
2:13 class pacing, purse, 1-mile dash, $200 .
3-year-olds, trotting, purse, heats (2 in 2)
$2DO.
TENTH DAY.
2-year-olds, pacing, purse, 1-mile dash, $200.
2:23 class trotting, purse, 1-mlle dash, $2uo.
2:16 class pacing, purse, 1-mlle dash, $200.
2:12 class trotting, purse, 1-mile dash. $200.
2:25 class pacing, purse. 1-mile dash, (SCO,
ELEVENTH DAY.
2-year-olds, trotting, purse, l-mtle dash, $200.
2:17 class pacing, purse, 2-mile dash, $250.
2:VJ class trotting, purse. 1-mile dash, $200.
Free for all trotting, purse, l-mlle dash. S2CO.
2:30 class trotting, purse, heats (.2 In X), $2".i.
TWELFTH DAY.
220 class trotting, purse. 1-nvlo dash. $200.
Free for all trotting, purse, 1-mlle dash, $200.
2:17 class pacing, purse, 2-mile dash. $i"io.
2:30 class pacing, purse, heats (2 in 3), $250.
SYMPHONY CONCERT.
Yesterday's symphony concert at the
Tivoli was remarkable only for the good
work done by Scheel and his band in the
Brahms. D major symphony and the
Meistersinge'rs prelude. Ernest Lent, the
'cello soloist, was a bewildering disap
pointment. His performance of Saint
Saens' A minor concerto was almost in
credibly bad. His friends say that he is
realr- an excellent 'cellist, but was par
alyzed by stage fright, so it may be well
to wait another hearing before coming to
a definite opinion as to Mr. Lent's virtu
osity... — - ■ ,-.. ; ■ •'■ -' •■ '-. ■■ •■ /!-
The symphony. t~e most immediately
satisfying of all Brahms', received splen
did > interpretation. The; slow movement,
wbicb is Urn uw»t Btahmg-Uka of all, *«c
to pull through. The fourth round saw-
Wild Night triumphant over another
good animal, Under the Globe, which had
shown smart form in previous courses,
and the semi-final was added at the ex
pense of Chock, who had run well at pre
vious attempts. Had Lang Syne been
sound, odds would probably have been
laid on him to beat Wild Night in the
final; but he was very lame, and Wild
Night started favorite. He justified the
confidence, but the Duke of Leeds' dog
had hard luck, for after leading a length
and a half for the first point the hare
whipped back from the turn, and after
that, despite game efforts, Wild Night
proved the better at the kill. Wild Night
is not up to the standard of former bitches
that have won the Cup, but she displayed
good form all through, and the victory j
was deserved. She gave promise at Mas- j
sarene Park in 1596 and confirmed it later
at Altcar, when she was unlucky to be
beaten in the final for the Croxteth stakes
by Metronome. She weighs about 49
pounds, and is by Freshman from Fine
Night by Herschel; so she is splendidly
bred. She was bought in a batch of four
from Mr. Waters which cost Mr. Hardy
£800.
given with sound ana-lysis and nervous
vigor, and the others with delightful
simplicity and directness. We can all be
Brahmsites when it comes to the D major
symphony. Wagner also was in an easy
mood, and Scheel played the prelude with
infinite humor and spring.
Mr. Lent's "Rhapsodic Erotique," for
string orchestra, horn and harp, proved
to be an admirable bunch of tunes, scored
with pretty modernity, and by no means
as sensational as the title would imply.
In deference to holy week the next sym
phony concert is postponed one week.
MARTEAU RECITALS.
Marteau and Lachaume will give three
more concerts, two in the Metropolitan
Hal! on Friday evening and Saturday
afternoon and the other in the Baldwin
Theater on Sunday night. An orchestra
will assist at the Sunday concert.
C. P. Huntington Coming.
President C. P. Huntington of the
Southern Pacific Company left New Or
leans yesterday for San Francisco. H. E.
Huntington and General Manager Krutt
schnitt are on the way to meet him, and
the party will inspect the system from
New Orleans to San Francisco. It is ex
pected they will reach San Francisco In
a week or ton days.
Fell Through, a Skylight.
Christina Bose, a servant girl employed
at 1500 Franklin street, fell through a
skylight yesterday afternoon and landed
in the kitchen, a distance of about twen
ty-five feet. She was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital in the ambulance, where
it was found that she haa sustained a
lacerated wound of the right leg, con
tusion of the side and a sprain of the
arm, besides internal Injuries.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Children should always
increase in weight. Not to
grow, not to increase in flesh,
belongs to old age.
Present and future health
demands that this increase
in weight should be steady
and never failing.
To delicate children,
Scott's Emulsion brings
richer blood and firmer
flesh. Better color comes
to the cheeks and stronger
muscles to the limbs. The
gain in weight is substantial-
it comes to stay.
50c. and $1.00, »1! druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York
Test Oar Skill at Our Expense.
me English and German Expert Specialists'
Bold challenge to the doubting sick to come,
and test the curative virtues of their new treat-
ment medicines included, for one week, has
touched a popular chord. Hundreds applied
last week and were convinced that the Eng-
lish and German Expert Specialists have the
most modern and successful treatment for
chronic disease of the age. Call at their par-
lors at 731 Market street and be convinced.
m CATARRH CURED, <|J|r
CP<^J ALL MEDICINES FREE.
YOU CAN BE CURED AT HOME.
If you cannot call at the office send for diag-
nosis , blank and books, which will be sent you
SEALED FREE.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
Incorporated \ for $250,000.
731 Market Street.
■'■■&&* H; r"iT'"g°. ' 7-5; Suadaji. 3-U. ' '
i ADVERTISEMENTS. .
0000 00 00 00000000000000000
! JUST j
o o
! ° '■ ©
jo ©
_ _ ' " f^™si * O
o , o
o An unusual offer for two days, FRIDAY and SATURDAY o
g only, without limit or reserve— HALF PRICE on all : °
0 MEN'S, BOYS' AND %
% CHILDREN'S CLOTHING, o
1 HATS, CAPS o
° AND FURNISHINGS! %
et • . O
® A sale that will abound with unheard-of bargains — new, o
o seasonable spring novelties, attire for the coming Easter time, ©
® confirmation, reception and every-day clothing, timely Under- o
o wear, Shirts, Neckwear and Fixings all go at °
o a^s o wo
! Just Half Price ! I
° or
° r i I All our Men's New Spring Style. o
O r PIT InQMnrP 1 Clothing, former price $10, half price ©
o lUI IliJlUlKbU. $5. .Boys' and Youths' $8 Suits, '■ g
g half price $4. Men's Spring Style Hats, formerly $2, half o
O price $1. Boys' Knee Pants, sold during late sale at ©
© 50c, half price 25c, and so on throughout the entire stock. Q
g I —^ — — -_ — . 1 g
O Every department is open for your inspection. A large o
® force of experienced salespeople are here to attend your wants. O
O Those ordering goods by post delivery or telephone must desig- ®
° nate this advertisement, as the sale is for two days only, f O
O THIS FRIDAY ND SATURDAY. %
0 Store Open ToNight Till 9 O'clock. Saturday Till 11 P. M. %
© . _^ — - ©
o , ~~~ °
% "ALWAYS THE CHEAPEST" %
1 CLOTHIERS, HATTERS AND FURNISHERS, o
° 924=930 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. %
° TELEPHONE MAIN 5654. %
00000000 00000000000000000000000000 0°
-f AMUSEMENTS. I
fSiioiAftfitf GOIHOB atnns!(S4«M«» ,
■ LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Comedy, THE
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
, An Efficient Cast Headed by JOSEPH HOL-
LAND.
EXTRA-Next Monday Night,
SEASON'S ! Th, Greatest FarM of th. Age,
gala A GAY DECEIVER!
EVENT ! . Introducing Beautiful
ANNA HELD,
L'Etoilede- Paris and the Chinese American
"THE' CAT AND THE CHERUB!" j
Seats Now Ready.
SPECIAL- V
SUNDAY EVENING. MARCH 27.
FAREWELL POPULAR CONCERT,
Given by ,\
MARTEAiTIACHAUME
and a Grand Orchestra.
• Conductors— and Lachaume.
Prices— 50c, 75c, $1 and SI 50. Seats now ready, i
VFRIEDIANDIR GOTUOBaC»iisJM* •«•■«*»
THIS WEEK ONLY.
The Big Spectacular Production, •
RICE'S "1492
A Brilliant Array of Talent.
Clever . Comedians— Pretty Girls.
EXTRA-
| NEXT MONDAY.
JAMES J. CORBET"**,
In the Successful Comedy Drama,
f\ NAVAL CADET.
SALE OF SEATS NOW GOING ON. .
lARLES T. ELLIS and COMPANY In the
one-act comedy, "Mrs. Hogan's Music Teach- |
! er" ■ McCALE & McDANIELS, knockabout
; Irish comedy; MASTER WADE COCHRANE.
mental wonder; CARL DAMMON TROUPE, ,
irreatest acrobats; last week of BURKE &
FORREST. ATHAS & COLLINS, RUDINOFF,
JOSEPHINE ■ SABEL and the JOSE QUIN-
TETTE.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c. ' -
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MuB- Erxfstixe Kkelixq. Proprietor Si Manasac
THIS EVENING!
A . LAUGHING SUCCESS!
The Most Amusing of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
Superb Cast! Bright Burlesques'. Up-to-Date
Medleys! Entrancing Specialties!
"The Heart of Maryland" Travesty upon "II ;
Trovatore."
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
MIRTH, MUSIC, MERRIMENT.
Popular Prices .....................25c and 50c
No Telephone Orders Received.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track.)
Racing From Monday, March 21, to
Saturday, April 2, inclusive.
Five or Mom Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S P. R. R. TRAINS 12:45 and 1:15 P. M.
->■:./ 5'.; ' DAILY.
Leave ■ Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after tha
races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny • and r Mission : street- cars every three
minutes, direct to track without ■ change. Flll-
more-street cars : transfer each way.
- ~ S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. " „•
j AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
: Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
! COMMENCING TO-NIGHT, MAI-CH 21ST,
Grand Reproduction of Oliver Byron's :
Great Play,
THE UPPER HAND.
- Special Engagement of
FREDERICK TJADER
ECCENTRIC COMEDIAN,
; And-^-
LA PETITE LUND,
The Infant Prodigy, in her Brilliant Specialties.
New Scenic and Mechanical Effects.. -
Evening Prices 10c. 25c and 50c
.-_ . Matinees Saturday and Sunday. : 'vv-iSj
A T r< A 7 A n SEATS BY
ALCAZAR. phone
-t^L^K^r^£^J-\l\, MAIN 254.
AST THREE . IGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Come Prepared to Laugh.
UNCLE DUDLEY
V t THE GIRL UP TO DATE !
Specialties by LITTLE VENIE and LILLIAN
LESLIE.
I Monday night," "The Mummy." Prices, 15c,
! 25c. 35c. 50c. - .- ._■ ■-.
| METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
AND SATURDAY AFTERNOON, March 26.
TWO FAREWELL RECITALS.
THE GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST.
MARTEAU !,
Accompanied by '• • j
LACHAUME,
PIANIST.
Special! Request Programme Saturday!
Reserved Seats. 50c, 75c, $1. $1 50. On sale at
the. San Francisco Music Store, 225 Sutter st.
A DOLLAR SHOW FOR A DIME!
OLD, YOUNG AND ALL ENJOY
- - - THE ZOO - - -
IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
See Captain Cardono's Group of Trained Lions
—The Most Thrilling Animal Act Extant!
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m. ,
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc. ; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
ANTON SCHOTT MATINEE.
The Famous Tenor and Imperial Court Singer,
, ' Assisted' by - ■ • •-
MRS. PORTERFIELD AND ARTHUR FICKEHSCHER.
Pianist,' will give another Classic Concert '■*
SATURDAY. March 26, at 3 P.M.
SHERMAN-CLAY HALL, 223 Sutter street. ,
Admission. 50c. Reserved Seats, 25c extra.
r\j VMDT A Corner of Meson »nJ
UL. YiTlt^lA — Eddy SiteeU .
America's most beautiful . sic hall.' Great-
est free bill in the -orld. The 3 ALBION 3.
erotesciue comedians; ZANFRELLA St •
WALSH, porch artists; ADAMS SISTERS,
balladists; MONTALAIS. soubrette; ARNEL-
DO and ten others. House heated. Admission
free. . _____^ • . '•■■'  -.;"
SPECIAL EXCURSION TO SAN JOSE %
AND THE SANTACLARA VALLEY.
& Natural carnival of buds and blossoms. On
SATURDAY, March 26, at 8:30 a. m., a spe-
cial train will leave the Southern Pacific depot,
at Fourth and Townsend streets, for San Jose. ■
return Saturday night or on any Sunday train. .
One-half fare for the round trip. Come and \
see the beautiful Santa Clara Valley when its £
great fruit orchards are in bloom. Roads and
drives lined with great natural bouquets :of ,'
unrivaled beauty and fragrance. Carriages
will meet the train and excursions to the Wil-
lows, Campbells, t . Los Gatos, Saratoga, ■• Alum v
Rock, : Berryessa- and other points of interest
arranged. Valley of orchard trees at height
of bloom. / ' - -■ '■-'-..■
\\ -patents: Q
78
GRASPS THE
THROATS OF
COMPETITORS
Work of San Fran
cisco Gas and Elec
tric Company.
Striving to Retain Its Cinch
On the Contract With
the City.
Supervisors Show Little In
clination to Give Its Rivals
a Chance.
CONSUMERS' OPEN REVOLT
Vlotlms of Quick Consumption Meters
and Exorbitant Rates Pre
paring for War.
The j?an Francisco Gas and Electric
Company is making desperate efforts
to choke off all competitors for the con
tract for lighting public buildings and
outside districts.
The guarantee of a rival company —
the JVlutual — to perform the same serv
ice at an annual saving to the city of
$40,000 has caused the greatest conster
nation among the officials of the big
corporation, and they are bending
every energy to prevent their oppo
nent from placing itself in a position
to carry out the terms of the contract.
This guarantee, which is undoubtedly
made in good faith, also serves to show
the taxpayers how a large amount of
money has been drained from the
treasury in the past that could have
been saved had the former Board of
Supervisors dealt honestly by the peo
ple and allowed competition to enter
the field.
The exposure in The Ca,ll of how i
the San Francisco Company has been j
"cinching" the city — its largest cus- j
tomer — by charging 11 cents per thou
sand watts, while certain favored pri
vate consumers were charged as low
as ."',2 cents, and not content with this
the company has, by its dishonest me
ters, drawn large sums for light it .
never furnished, has caused a revolt
ajnong all classes of citizens. But i
those who are the loudest in their de
nuncl&tion of the corporation are the
individual consumers of electricity, for
to their natural indignation at the ,
manner in which the city has been j
PRESS CLUB'S HOUSEWARMING.
It Has "Scooped the World" in the Beauty and
Arrangement of Its Rooms.
CC T T JITST makes a fellow feel as though he would like to come down here and take lunch and then telephone In to the city editor that he's so sick he can't
11 I work, and spend the rest of the day bore," remarked an old newspaper man. as he settled back in a cozy armchair in the luxurious lounging room of the
I Press Club yesterday afternoon and lit a fresh cigar. His was not an individual expression of opinion, but was the general sentiment of all who visited
I the new rooms of that home of Bohemia, tho Press Club.
-*- This club, as everybody knows, is made up chiefly of newspaper men. the denizens of a little world which at once stands apart from and Is Indubit
ably linked with allcreatlon;. away from the world and at once forming the vortex of its busiest whirlpools. The Press Club is their home Here they meet and*
tell weird tales of days gone by— days when this city, although in its infancy, was experiencing the wonderful life of its boom days. Here hair-raising experiences
which make the all-observant recording angel open his eyes in natural wonderment and puzzle his brain as to whether he was taking a nap or not at some'
critical time in the existence of the narrator, are bandied back and forth, and here also youth and inexperience teach age and wisdom The tricks and wiles of
present day journalism, and age fails to realize that they differ not one whit from the days when he was young— when he toiled through sun and storm for the
elusive "scoop" instead of sitting cozily in his revolving chair and enjoying the beatific prestige of the "special" writer.
But apart from thcabsorbingbusiness of workaday life your journalist has a touch of nature, yea, even housewifery, for he can lay down his pen wine the
sweat from his brow, and enjoy an every day, common, ordinary, plain, plebeian moving. The Press Club has moved. No longer does it occupy the old quarters
on Kearny street, in such delightful proximity to the auction room, street fakir and sandwich man, but like all that is human, mortal and business-like has moved
"uptown." Not too far uptown either. If the air is still and expectant and the windows of the new house on Ellis street open, an occasional odor of the
succulent "hamburger." mingled with the gay laughter or badinage of the coryphee, may float in— and not find itself unwelcome, either.
But the rooms, the new, new rooms, in the new. new house! How attempt to describe them, how seek to tell in words what the brush of a Michael \ngelo
would fail to depict in all its pristine beauty? From the first step inside the door until the last divan in the furthest window corner has been experimented upon
all is congenial, home-like, and filled with an air of bonhomie that makes the stranger say "Here is rest" and the journalist "I have a home "
The first attraction to the eye is the reception room, which like all the rest is a wonderful study in colors. The particular shade of the reception room is
green— a soft, seductive green, which at once fascinates and allures. Massing from the reception room one enters the lounging room, fashioned after a colonial
hall where the tones and coloring have been described by artists as near perfection as possible. The library is a study in leather, terra cotta and comfort. What
is considered by all the crowning work is the Dutch room on the top floor, "designed particularly for the benefit of those who wish to have a' good time without
disturbing anybody else." This room is modeled after a Dutch kitchen, with the wide fireplace, dark rafters overhead and the walls adorned with poker etchings.
Opening off from the Dutch room is the "jinks room." This is really a miniature theater, with the best possible accommodations, and here the talent of the club
will while away the hours for the untalented during the coming years.
In the evening the jinks room was called into service for the first time, and a right merry time was had of it. No programme was prepared, but tho club
has talent in abundance, and the flow of wit. eloquence and song from the pretty little stage was simply marvelous. The fun was kept up until' old Sol began
to run opposition to the electric lights, when members and guests departed to their homes, well pleased with the entertainment and lauding i.he club as host par
excellence.
held up they add their personal griev
ances, which are many.
Since The Call first exposed the in
accuracies of -the watt meters those
• who had not done so previously have
employed experts to test their meter,
with the result that in almost every
instance the meters have been found
fast. None of them have quite come
up to the champion of the City Hall.
with its record of 50 per cent fast, but
they have shown speed enough to set
tht- sufferers to figuring on how much
Light they have paid for that has not
been consumed. In consequence the
office of the company is besieged with
demands for rebates from all quarters.
Then there is the further grievance
over rates. Consumers who are paying
S cents a thousand watts do not see
why their neighbor on the same cir
cuit is only charged 5% or 6 cents,
while those who pay lo or 20 cents are
protesting against such barefaced rob
bery.
All these people are determinded to
do what they can to put an end to the
public job, even though they must re
main temporarily at the mercy of the
corporation themselves, and with this
determination they are turning to the
Supervisors to see what steps, if any,
will be taken to give rival companies
a chance at the municipal contract.
So far there is one indication at least
of an inclination to do the right thing.
To be sure, the proposal for bids has
been prepared and approved by the
Street Lights Committee, and the pro
posal is identically the same as that of
two years ago, joker and all; but
Chairman Rivers of the committee says
that bids will be advertised for next
week. That is the one gleam of hope.
Heretofore the publication of proposals
for bids has been deferred until about
ten days before the expiration of the
existing contract, and with the clause
: prohibiting bids upon contingencies
I precluded all possibility of any but the
San Francisco Oas and Electric Com
pany, or its predecessors, the Edison
Coanpany, from preparing itself to en
ter upon its obligations on time. Now,
i however, a full month will be given the
| companies, and one of them at least
can be fully prepared to begin its ser
vice on time if awarded the contract.
To be sure, much must be done in the
way of extending poles and wires to the
outlying districts, and so far the Su
pervisors have stood in the way of this
i being done. The Mutual Company, for
instance, as far back as lact January
asked permission to erect poles and
wires outside the fire limits, but the
matter was referred to committee and
finally acted upon adversely. This Com
pany has its wires laid in underground
conduits throughout the business por
tion of the city, but such a system is
! very expensive and entirely impracti-
I cable in the residence districts. The
: San Francisco Company has erected
: poles and wires wherever it has ele^t
; ed to do so, in the downtown section, as
j well as the outlying districts, and the
| only authority it has ever been granted
conferred by resolution No.
39, approved by the Board of Super
>rs April 26, 18S1, granting the Cali
fornia Electric Light Company per
mission "to erect and maintain poles
along and upon the streets for the pur-
Rieof placingelectric light wires there
said poles to be planed and painted."
c California Company was merged
into the Edison Electric Light Com
pany and that concern has since been
absorbed by the San Francisco Gas
ar.il Klectrie Company. Not a tele
graph or telephone company has been
tited a franchise to erect poles in
city, all of them having obtained
nission merely by resolution, ana
is all the Mutual Company asks,
so far has been denied. Mayor
lan says it can undoubtedly man
ius the board to grant it the same
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
privilege enjoyed by the others, ana
should it be necessary to take such
action the company could, in short or
der, be in a position to fulfill its guar
antee to the Mayor to save the city
$40,000 a year on public lighting.
This is not the first time the Mutual
Company has had to make a legal fight
for its rights. In 1896 the Board of Su
pervisors instructed Superintendent of
Streets Ashworth to prevent the com
pany from erecting poles around the
Blythe property in order that it might
carry out a contract with the lessees
for lighting the premises. Application
for an injunction restraining Ashworth
from interfering was dismissed in the
Superior Court, and the matter was
carried to the Supreme Court. In an
opinion written by Justice Temple and
concurred in by Justices Henshaw and
Macfarlane, overruling the decision of
the lower court, it was stated that the
opposition to the plaintiff was clearly
shown to emanate from the Edison
Electric Light Company, sinceabsorbed
by the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, and that Ashworth and cer
tain of the Supervisors had admitted
such to be the case. The opinion says
in part: "That discrimination is unlaw
ful, and therefore the Boar.d of Super
visors and the Superintendent act ille
gally when they order the arrest of
plaintiff's employes for doing that
which is freely permitted to the rival
and favored company."
This decision in itself would seem to
give the rival company full authority
to proceed with the extension of its
service wherever it may see fit to do
so.
Meanwhile the big company is prom
ised some distressing times with its
patrons regarding its quick-consump
tion meters.
APPRECIATION
WAS SHOWN
Levi Strauss Thanked for
Educational Advantages
Given.
Twenty-Eight Students Mot at His
Residence and Pleasantly Passed
the Evening.
The residence of Levi Strauss, at fi2l
T.< a\ cnworth street, presented an ani
mated scene on the evening of Wednes
day. Twenty-eigrht students who had
been given educational advantages by Mr.
Strauss met and surprised their bene
factor by presenting him with a well
worded resolution inclosed in a handsome
album. Professor William Carey Jones,
Mrs. Phebe Hearst and J. B. Reinstein
were present at the time. The album
in which the resolution was inclpstnl
contained a beautiful frontispiece on
which was inscribed "Mr. Levi Strauss,
from the Holders of the Levi Strauss
Scholarship. University of California."
The resolution follows:
Whereas. Levi Strauss Esq., on March 6.
1897, made provision for the support from the
several Congressional districts of the State,
of a number of students at the University of
California, who Wi uld he unable to enjoy the
advantages offered by the university without
such aid, thereby testifying t.> his apprecia
tion of the work of the university, to his liberal j
devotion to the interests of the entire State.
a-'..! to his sympathy with the endeavors and \
aspirations of youth;
Resolved, That we. the first beneficiaries of
his bounty on the occasion of this first anni
versary of the birthday of our Alma Mater
since our appointment, feel thiit it Is especially
our honorable privilege to voice both our own j
f personal gratitude to him who has made possi-
I ble to us an education and the universal es
■ teem on the part of all the students of the
j university.
I In offering this slight token of words, that
I wouid tell our hearts' esteem and affection for
our benefactor, we express our trust that the
I true and real appreciation of his generous
! thoughtfulness will be shown by the right use
we make of the opportunities he has placed
within our reach and by lives worthily and
usefully spent, and that all Levi Strauss
I scholars now and in after years will strive
ito be noble exemplars of that modest de-
I meanor, generous action, broad sympathy and
I spotless honor typified by the name o. Levi
I Strauss.
I Jessie Bohall. Edith E. Gaddis. Edith M.
i Kendall. Inga E. Ourblin. May L. Burdick.
| Margaret A. Fortler, Agnes R. Jewett. George
j I). Leslie, B. A. Baird; W. McH. Huff. Her
i man K. Jones, James E. McGuire. Theobald P.
! Bayer, Walter W. Brady, Saul Epstein, Carl
iL. Hansen, Hachel Kurlandzik, Adel A. Par
! ker, Alfred C. Shaife. L Alice Sturges. Alice
j M. Cummings, Pearl Marshall. Willard G. Par
sons. C. W. Warner, Frank F. Ellis. Wallace
W. Merriam. Loye Holmes Miller, Clyde M.
j Westcott.
BAIN FOR THE FARMERS.
Showers Are Expected Within the
Next Twenty-four Hours.
The severe westerly winds that blew
over the city yesterday will in all proba
bility be the effect of causing a general
rainfall along the coast. Acting Forecast
Official McAdie claims that if the present
condition of the atmosphere continues
the rain will undoubtedly fall within the
next twenty-four hours.
The wind swept over the city yesterday
afternoon at the rate of thirty-six miles
an hour, and causing regular typhoons
around the corners of large buildings. At
Mount Tamalpais the velocity was regis
tered at thirty miles.
Although it blew heavily along the
coast the winds were general throughout
the entire State, being caused by a bank
of high pressure existing inland.
A slight rain fell at Red Bluff last even
ing and was still falling at the time the
last forecast was taken at 6 o'clock yes
terday afternoon. At Eureka .02 of an
inch fell, but was the result of showers
entirely, there being no indication of a
heavy rainstorm. It is anticipated that
Bhowers will fall throughout the State
generally, but whether they will be Bevere
enough to satisfy the present dry con
dition of the crop is a matter of con
jecture.
Mrs. Holmes Loses Her Case.
William F. Holmes w;us a railroad em
ploye of the Southern Pacific Company, |
and while coupling cars near Peralta sta
tion, Oakland, he was crushed to death j
between two freightcars. His widow, Lil- |
lian Holmes, brought an action for dam- ,
ages against the company, alleging that ■
her husband's death was caused through ;
the negligence of the defendant. The j
latter denied being negligent, and as- |
serted that Holmes had been guilty of j
contributory negligence. The principal •
contention was upon the construction of i
the two cars and their couplings, which j
were of different standards. The widow j
won the suit in the lower court, but yes- {
terday the judgment was reversed by the [
Supreme Court, which took the position I
that the switchman should have been j
familiar with the couplings of the cars he
was to have joined, especially as the ■.
company's rules insisted on his having j
that knowledge.
Dilapidated Mail Matter.
The Southern Pacific officials of this ■
city have been for the last two days in j
receipt of some very dilapidated mail \
matter. The mail in question was that
which was being carried aboard the train j
that was looted at Cross Creek trestle;
on Tuesday night by robbers. The effect
of the dynamite upon some of the mail
was most perceptible.
Massie Lost His Trunk.
James P. Massie commenced suit yes
terday against the Denver and Rio
Grande Railroad Company to recover
$477 50, the value of a trunk and contents
shipped by him, and which never reached
their destination.
MUCH WORK AND NO CANDY.
How the Berkeley Girls Train for the Interstate
Championship.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. March 24.— Every day for an hour and
a half, in the middle of the day. the gymnasium is astir with bebloomerea
girls training for the great basket ball game on Saturday. They taKe tne
mat exercises; they use the wrist machines, working away fifty times over
hand and fifty times under; they attack the forearm machines, the chest
weights, and then they run three laps around the hexagonal rubbered
track, walk around once and run again three laps more.
You should see these girls run. Their elbows are by their sides, their
hair braided in long single braids behind, their faces are shining with ex
ercise and health. And their flying feet keep time to the rapid one-two,
one-two of the instructor— the only man permitted within the enchanted
precincts.
Then comes the serious business of the day. For there is ahalf hourdur-
Ing which the tormented, round red ball learns to sympathize with her
brother, the pumpkin-shaped sphere that dreads Thanksgiving as much as
the turkeys do. There's no nonsense about the way the Berkeley girls
play basketball. They fly about the gymnasium with the recklessness of
boys. They start after and seize the elusive ball as though there were
nothing in the world of half so much vaj,ue to them. And when a certain
girl with a light brown braid hanging over one shoulder and another
co-ed with a quantity of black wavy hair get hold of the ball at one and
the same moment, they're like a pair of pugnacious chicks with but one
worm between them; an indivisible worm, at that. Once, yesterday— no, not
once, but many times when that mad ball was whirling aloft toward the
basket of its ambition, fate, in the shape of six feet of girl, got in the way.
There was a flying run, a leap three feet, it seemed, into the air, a quick
arm extended and the tallest girl In the Berkeley team had possession of
the ball.
"She's a jewel of a guard," murmured the pretty girl who keeps the
store.
And she really is. Unless Nevada has a six-foot genius to intercept the
Berkeley ball, or cleverer goal throwers than the bright-eyed captain of
the team this year and the one who captained Berkeley two years ago,
the Sagebrush girls will have only the memory of a pleasurable visit to
California to take back with them over the mountains to snowland.
"Just look at that left goal," said a co-ed who was watching. "Did
you ever see a girl play so gracefully? Good! Good! That's a right cen
ter worth having."
Miss Right Center had caught the ball, and after a deliberate pause had
sent it whirling from her. It "caught a guard in white sweater and blue
bloomers full on the side of the head. There was an alarmed squeak from
a spectator, but down below on the floor of the gymnasium, the kaleido
scope of flying bloomers had changed and changed again. No one noticed
the blow. They hadn't the time nor the thought to give it.
At times the instructor would call a halt.
"You see," he would say, taking the ball from its panting possessor, "you
took the time to turn clear around before you threw the ball. Don't turn.
Throw it in whatever position you find yourself."
And she did. The ball leapt from her hands a moment after It touched
them.
Then there was a breathing spell. And after that an informal game
of ball, in which the playing was fast and furious, when the ball was sent
flying from one pair of outstretched hands to another. It was thrown over a
shoulder, straight out, from V-shaped pyramids of girl, everywhere, any
way. At times the ball itself was not to be seen. It was hidden beneath
an indistinguishable mass of arms and legs, which wriggled themselves into
position in the shortest time.
"The game isn't rough," said Mrs. Magee, who will act as referee next
Saturday. "The girls must not run with the ball, and they're not allowed
to hold it, so there can be no wild play."
There was a short run after this around and around the upper floor of
the gymnasium, and then the girls, looking like children, their hair blown
about their flushed faces, retired to their dressing rooms; to emerge later
in all the dignity and demure seriousness of the latter-day co-ed.
The Nevada team is to arrive Friday morning. It will be met at the
station by a delegation and escorted to the university, where a lunch will
be served. The Berkeley team will take just that particular time to have
its last practice game, after which the rivals will pair off amicably, for
each Berkeley basketballer will charge herself with the entertainment of a
Nevadan enemy. Later in the day, if the girls from Reno wish to practice,
the gymnasium will be at their disposal.
The average height of the Berkeley team is five feet 3.8 inches. Their
weight will average 12S pounds. The members of the team have abjured
sweets of all kinds. At noon their meal is of the simplest. Weak tea, hot
mi!k and beef tea are supplied them and they are expected to remain faith
ful to the training diet amid the temptations of home breakfast and dinner.
"But do they all keep steadfast this candyless regime?" a co-ed was
asked.
"Well— l didn't," she answered shamefacedly. "And that's why I'm not
in the team this year. But next year "
Next year, ice cream soda itself wouldn't tempt her.
INSANITY TO
BE HIS PLEA
Haynes, the Murderer of
Lieutenant Burke, in
Court.
Arrangements for the Funeral
To-Day Have Been Com
pleted.
Conduct of Policemen Wilkinson,
Kennedy, Marlowe and Merchant
to Be Investigated.
Theodore Park Haynes, the murderer
of Lieutenant Burke, appeared in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday morning. The
Judge instructed him as to his rights
and asked him if he had an attorney
to represent him.
"How long have I been in the ser
vice?" replied Haynes, as he placed his
right hand to his ear.
"The Judge wants to know If you
have a lawyer!" shouted Prosecuting
Attorney Mogan.
"Yes," replied Haynes. "Sweeney."
Attorney Sweeney was in court and
asked for a continuance of a week, as
by that time the Coroner's inquest
would have been held and then he
would be ready to proceed. The con
tinuance was granted and Haynes was
taken back to the prison.
His attorney makes no secret of the
fact that the defense will be insanity.
There is no other hope for him. but
Chief Lees is not afraid of being able
to combat successfully such a plea, as
he believes that Haynes is as sane as
the man he killed.
A lot of curious people, men and
women, visited the prison yesterday to
have a look at the murderer. To any
of them who spoke to him he was
ready to talk of the way the police
and everybody else tried to rob him of
his land, and he did not express the
slightest . regret for the cold-blooded
murder he had committed.
All arrangements for the funeral of
the dead lieutenant were completed
yesterday by Chief Lees and Captain
Gillen. A detachment of fifty men
from Companies A, under Captain
Wittman, B, under Captain Spillane
and D, under Captain Gillin. will as
semble at the residence of the de
ceased, 238 Shotwell street, at 9:30
o'clock this morning. The funeral pro
cession will start from the residence
to the church of St. Charles Borromeo
on Eighteenth street at 9:45, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated.
The service will take from forty-five
minutes to an hour. From this church
the cortege will proceed to Valencia
street and along that street to Twenty
fifth street, where the steam cars will
be in waiting to convey the party to
Holy Cross Cemetery, where the in
terment will take place. Captain Spii
lane will proceed with thirty-live men
to the cemetery and the other men will
return to their different divisions.
The pallbearers will be Lieutenants
Birdsall, Bennett, Esola and Hanna
and Sergants Price, Mooney, McManua
and Donovan.
The conduct of Policemen Wilkin
son, Kennedy, Marlowe and Merchani.
who were with the lieutenant when
he was shot, was harshly criticized by
the public and officers in the depart
ment yesterday, and it was reported
that it will form the subject for a
thorough investigation by the Folics
Commissioners.
A Bad Start in Life.
The Eureka Society for the Protection
of Children had a peculiar case yesterday
to look into. Mrs. Duckendorf of 1334
Turk street complained to Colonel Dim
phel that on March 19 a young woman,
giving the name of Lottie Collins, left
with her a baby not over six weeks
of age. The woman promised to pay for
the care of the child, but she failed to
keep her word. The secretary made a
i search for the woman, and found that
she had been working in a restaurant on
Taylor street under the name of Mrs
Rodgers; also that her real name was
; Miss Cohen and that her home was in
i Oakland, where her folks are well known
The mother, while wondering at the a-j
, sence of her daughter, did not know of
her having been married. The infant
was sent to the Mount St. Joseph Orphan
Asylum.
PIONEERS ENTERTAIN.
Give a Successful Entertainment to
the Friends and Members of
the Society.
The annual meeting of music, mirth
and melody under the auspices of the
Society of California Pioneers was given
last night at Pioneer Hall, by William H.
Barnes, assisted by Mrs. C. L. Darling,
soprano; Miss Lydia Shalike and Miss
McManus, pianists; Miss Lottie Graber
and Gertrude Fiatherstone. elocutionists;
Miss M. Gertrude .Tudd. whistler; Water
men sisters, jubilee singers, and the
Misses Pearl and Maud Noble, cornet and
trombone players. The entertainment
was one of the most successful ever held
and the little hall on Fourth street was
crowded with a large and appreciative
audience, consisting of the families and
specially invited friends of members
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All Druggists.*
Will Return Next Week.
J. C. Stubbs, the third vice-president of
the Southern Pacific, who has been in the
East for the past ten days on a visit to
his old home in Ohio, is not exoected to
arrive In San Francisco until the last of
next week.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GO 00000000000 0000000000000000000000
o v °
I HAVE YOU HEALTH?!
° . ■ ■ •' ■ " ; " 7-,-v'o -
° It Is the Beginning of All Happiness— Dr. Sanden's o
I® Electric Belt Will Give It to You. o
° ©
O 111 health robs us of all that is enjoyable in life. To the nervous g\
q woman and the debilitated man there is no real happiness. All pleas-
ures are flat, dull pastime. The mind is gloomy, and what makes the ®-
n strong man joyous causes the weak man to feel disgusted with him- O
!** self. It is so with women. The loss of nerve strength is the loss of the O
; O best in life. V ~*
O * °
o Dp. Sanden's Belt Brings Joy. o
| © This great invigorator has cured 10.000 weak men and women dur- O
j O ing the last three years. It saturated the weak nerves with electrical : ©
I O energy. "Energy" is life, spirit, happiness, ambition. You can have it n
o If you are not strong or well, be you man or woman Dr Sandeii
will send you a book, for either sex. free, that will show you the wav to °
w happiness, confidence and health. Get it to-day. : O
o SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * * 2
O 632 Market Street. Son Francisco. $5000 REWARD p£> a
© 632 T A E Rl<E a T ST n R E ST take '" the n - b «^-- JEJ be;xudd for one Of %
© Office hours, Ba.m.to S p. m.; Sundays. .10 these Belts which fails n
d 1° h. T> Bra 2 ches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 2044 to generate a current of
" South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington Electriritv • -->"*• Q
g nv ; e 2ssa- 8^, slsteenth street; I o
ooooooooooooboooboooooooooooooooooooo
NARROW ESCAPE
FROM COLLISION
Wreck of the Helen W.
Almy Is a Menace to
Navigation.
It Was Nearly Run Down by
the Coast Defense Steamer
Monadnock.
Official Notification of the Placing
of the New Light
ship.
The coast defense steamers Montere*
and Monadnock arrived from San Dieg»
yesterday. Captain Whiting of the Mon«
adnock got a little scare making port.
The war vessel was almost on top of tha
wreck of the Helen YV. Almy before tha
lookout reported it. Then the engines
were reversed and the big righting ma
chine brought to a stop. In the mean
time signals were blown to the Monterey
which was right astern, and that ves
sel at once altered her course and cleared
the wreck. The Monadnock got under
way again on a new course, and both
warships came into port together. Cap
tain Whiting gives the location of tha
wreck as southeast one-half south, six
and three-quarter miles form the whist
ling buoy.
Since the battleship Oregon left for
Callao there has been no war vessel In
this port, so the two coast defense steam
ers were ordered to come lure from San
Diego. Lieutenant-Commander Adams of
the Monterey has been ordered Kast. and
his place will be filled by one of the offi
cers now at Mare Island. At noon yes
terday the Monterey went to the navy
yard, while the .Monadnock is still at
anchor off Folsom street. It is thought
that as soon as the Monterey has been
fitted out at Mare Island she will come
down and the Monadnock will take her
place so that the harbor will not be left
without one or the other of the steam
ers.
The branch hydrographic office has is
sued the following notice in regard to
the new lightship
San Francisco bay entrance— lntended light
vessel and withdrawal of outside bar whistling
buoy— On or about April 7, 1896, steam light
vessel No. 70 will be established, in from 18 to
20 fathoms of water, about 4' 2 miles "inside of
the bar off the entrance to San Francisco har
bor. I2\fe miles south 70 degrees wt-st true
(southwest ?* west mag.) from Fort Point
lighthouse, and on the range line marked by
Fort Point light and Alcatraz lignt.
The vessel will show two Intermittent white
lights, one from each masthead, each showing
fixed white light for five seconds, followed by
an eclipse of ten seconds' duration, every fif
teen seconds.
In each lens lantern there will be a WO
candle power incandescent electric light. The
focal plane of the lights will be 57 teet above
the sea. and the lights will be visible 13 miles
in clear weather.
If the electric light apparatus should become
inoperative the lights will be fixed white and
will be less brilliant than the electric lights.
The vessel has a flush deck. two masts,
schooner rigged, and has no bowsprit; she has
a smokestack and a fog signal between the
masts. At each masthead, under the lens lan
terns, there is a circular gallery. The hull is
painted red. with San Francisco Harbor in
large white letters on each side and "70" in
white on each bow.
During thick or foggy weather a 12-inch
steam chime whistle will sound blasts of two
second? duration, separated by silent intervals
of thirteen seconds.
Approximate position: Latitude 37 degrees
44 minutes 27 seconds north, longitude 122 de
grees 43 minutes west.
On the same date the outside bar whistling
buoy, black and white perpendicular stripes
and marked "S. F.." located about 2\i miles
north 70 degrees east true (northeast % ea-<t
mag.) from the proposed position of the vessel,
will be permanently discontinued.
The steamer City of Puebla was twenty
four hours late In reaching port from
Puget Sound. On her way up the coast
she lost part of one of the blades of her
propeller, and on the way home another
portion went. It was this that caused
the vessel to be so much behind time.
A coffer dam will be put under her and
the necessary repairs made to-rtay.
Charles Casey and John Brady wer«
arrested by Officer James MrGowan yes
terday and charged with burglary at ti>e
Harbor Police Station. They were caught
in the act of removing a lot of junk from
Whitelaw's yard at the corner of Ba/
and Kearny street.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the door? of subscribers.
Arrested on Suspicion.
Joseph Kelly and Joseph Ford, two
young men. were arrested yesterday by
Detectives Reynolds and Dinan and their
names placed on the "small book" at
the City Prison. The officers saw them
on Market street, near Tenth, each with
a package of dressed goat skins which
they had evidently stolen. When they
saw the officers they dropped the pack
ages in a glove store and started to run,
but were quickly overtaken.
An Insolvent Machinist.
Frederick A. Weyermiller. a machinist,
has failed for $819 10. Weyermiller has no
assets that are not exempted by law from
attachment.WOULD BE
A BLOW TO
OUR RIGHTS
The Primary Election
Law Has Been
Knocked Out.
Supreme Justices Say It
Is Not Constitu
tional.
Provisions That Set at Naught
Most Sacred Laws of
the Land.
DEFECTIVE IN ITS TITLE.
PAble Opinion Written by Garoutte
Concurred in by His Fellow
J urors,
The primary election law, passed by the
last Legislature, has been declared un
( institutional by the Justices of the Su-
I feme Court. According to the decision
<i grave mistake was made by the fram
• rs Of the law by allowing the words
"and for other purposes" to be inserted
in the title of the act, when, according
to a long established law, an act must
contain but one Bubject in its title. The
case in question comes originally from
Tulare County, but the decision affects
every citizen of the entire State. The
Tulare County Board of Supervisors
passed a resolution •• ex
penditure of a sum of money far the erec
tion of election • purchase
of ballot boxes, etc, as pi >»Sded tor under
the new election
Charles A. Spiers, a taxpayer of that
county, filed a petition for an injunction
to restrain the board In.m so doing,
claiming that the law was unconstitu
tional and the expenditure was unneces
sary. A demurrer was made, alleging the
insufficiency of thu petition, which was
Ined by the Superior Court of
Tulare. From this finding of the court
- appealed and lie was successful,
the judgment of the lower court being
reversed. The decision is as follows:
This is an action to determine the constitu
tionality or a primary election law. passed at
the last session of the Legislature, and ap
proved March 13, 1597. It is contended upon the
part of the various counsel assailing this law
that its enforcement will be an expensive bur
den upon the people; that under the guise of a
great reform, a system of elections has been
devised which by its expensive and compli
cated procedure greatly increases" the tendency
to place the political life or the State in the
hands of th .■.-•• who make politics a profes
sion; that the whole theory or the law is
wrong in reflating the political action of par
ties, associations and individuals, and thereby
destroying that freedom, or political associa
tion which has heretofore always existed in
this country, and under which ii has become
bo great; that the act as a whole is incapable
of practical operation by reason of complicated
matters of detail, its inconsistencies and con
tradictory provisions: that it has no applica
bility to small counties and sparsely settled
districts, and that no demand for such a law
la found aside from a few of the larger cities
of the State. It is shown by the brief of Mr.
F. J. SSuliivan, representing the Xon-Partisan
arty, that the Inevitable tendency of • the
i-peration at the act will be to overwhelm and
destroy all small political parties, and pre
verrt the organization, of new" parties; that.
Inasmuch as no party, may be organized after
a convention, and secure representation upon
the official ballot, it follows that, if this law
had be«n in force at the last Presidential elec
tion there could have been neither a Gold Dem
ocratic party nor a Silver Republican party
in this State; that it has the greatest ten
dency to discourage independent parties and
independent voting, and thereby nullities some
of the vital and most meritorious provisions
o'rhe Australian ballot law. Ail the claims
afanced by counsel in these regards as to the
clMectionable character of the law may be
true. ■'.- are satisfied that many of them are
true. But this court has no power to correct
the evils in this law. It is not our province to
approve good legislation and condemn bad leg
islation. The act stands upon the statute book
rs the lawful expression of the will of the
1 eople of the State, and with the good or bad
policy exercised in enacting it we cannot deal.
By its passage the Legislature has attempted
to meet existing political conditions, and rem
edy great evils found therein. It is not for
the court to say whether failure or success
will follow as a result of its practical opera
tion. Within Its domain the legislative power
is absolute, and the remedy tor unwise legisla
tion is not with the courts, but with the peo
ple. In the present proceedings it is our duty
alone to pass upon the validity of this act,
tested by the various provisions of the Consti
tution of the State.
The act is entitled: "An act providing for
general primary elections within the State of
California, and to promote »h* purity thereof
by regulating the conduct thereof, and to sup
port the privileges of free suffrage thereat,
t>y prohibiting certain aus and practices in
relation thereto, and providing -for the punish
ment thereof, and for other, purposes." A pro
vision of the State constitution provides:
"Every act f=hall embrace but one subject,
which shall be expressed in its title; but. if
any subject shall be embraced In an act which
shall not be expressed in its title, such act
shall be void only as to so much thereof as
shall not be expressed in its title." (Par. 24,
Art. IV.)
Let us test the title of this act in the cruci-
Me furnished by the foregoing provision of the
constitution. The Legislature, in framing this
title, were above all things candid. Upon Its
very face the law-making power challenged the
Bound policy of this provision of the constitu
tion, and, avowedly disregarding it. declared
that the purpose of the act was the creation
of a primary election law, and "other pur
poses." Under the cloak of "other purposes"
nil and every conceivable kind of legislation
could hide and thrive in the body of the act.
and thus the constitutional provision be set
at naught. In this State, when these words,
"for other purposes," are found in the title of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Yirtll!T Let WHISKY get the BEST
Sliy I of you. GET the BEST of
yil I WHISKY, which is the
f GENUINE
£lißk\ DISTILLERY
">. lii»ll I ' BOTTLING OF '
'km m
?fj PEPPEE
m whisky.
HH^en"'^!- 1 1 ttled * nd Distilled
@£^aft£tgg«ft!H t»q p prppprj
f^^Sf^^ 'Lexington! Ky.
JSr : . 'Lexington, Ky. .
fr \m (*jJVm» "*"•! : Under the tame FOR-
I P'—EaJaST'— "V ■ MULA for more than 100
"\ J2r" TtefX&W: ~ :V " I YEARS; is guaranteed
„ ' &£s&&''■* ' ABSOLUTELY the
0 y . .v'''<?WrSa * PUREST and BEST in
Aj/'j^^Ci J J JtffU^Xj,<i SAMPLE CASE $15
ukwctonk* oAMrLt UAol^IO
f "©i t 7;^ < ,\iyf :! > ;ti 'ij*j Sent on trial, which, if
'^HliitjnnlOT^ rot ' a * is<ac:tor y' can bo
a ***'BW f JTf**''**r returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL 6TCARROLL,
30<5 Market Street,
. Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast., *■;
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
■ " ■■■- - - if-'r:,.-. '::-:■■...
an act of the State Legislature, they accom
plish nothing, and in reading the title our eyes
| are closed to them. We then have before us
i tested by its title an act dealing solely with
I general primary elections and providing penal
| ties tor violating the law relating thereto. Any
i Tth S of legislation contained in the body
or the act not bearing upon primary elections
must go out; the constitutional provision quoted:
so declares. Weighing and measuring the legis
lation found in the act by this test very many
provisions have no place there. It would seem
that the Legislature in using the words "for
other purposes" In the title, used these words
advisedly, and In good faith lived up to them'
tuny. For the legisltaion found in section af
ter section of the act can find no justification
In its title, save under those words of bound
less meaning, "for other purposes."
Section 1 defines what are State, district and
local conventions of political parties. Section
2 declares that State conventions shall have
power at their option to divide themselves into
district conventions to nominate candidates for
Congress or other district nominees. Section 10
declares that after a call for a primary elec
tion has been issued by the Election Commis
sioners the governing body of any political
party or organization desiring to secure a
place upon the official ballot for its nominees
at the succeeding election must publish a call
for a convention, and provides in detail for
the time when the convention may be called,
and requires notice to be given in certain
papers thereof. Section 12 declares that no
person shall be allowed to hold more than one
I proxy at any convention. Section 13 provides
I that no nomination by any political conven
tion (with certain exceptions) shall be put upon
any official ballot unless such convention is
constituted in accordance with this act. Sec
tion 17 declares who may sign a petition au
thorizing the placing of names of candidates
upon the official ballot without the aid o!!
conventions. Section 24 declares certain pow
ers of State conventions. Section 33 provides
that no candidate nominated by a conven
tion shall be placed upon the official ballot
unless he files an affidavit setting forth cer
tain facts as to the expenditure of moneys in
securing: his nomination. • Section "4 provides
that candidates shall make an itemized state
ment of ail moneys expended in securing nomi
nations. Section 35 provides for penalties
against candidate* in refusing or neglecting to
file the above-mentioned statement. Section
36 declares who shall be entitled to have their
Dames placed u;>on -the official ballot. The
foregoing matters taken from the body of the
act are fairly illustrative as comprising leg
islation not justified by its title. Many or
these things are totally foreign to any -ques
tion relating to primary elections, and others
are so remotely connected with that subject
as to clearly come within the prohibition of the
1 constitutional provision. These matters of leg
islation not being embraced within the purview
• of the title are void and fall to the ground.
! Yet, while the elimination of them from the
act to some extent may leave it weak and
j enfeebled, it still has sufficient vitality to
stand alone, and we pass to a further exami
i nation of Its condition viewed from other
! angles and tested by the aid of other crucibles
" furnished by the constitution.
Section 1, article 11, of the constitution pro
vides: "Every native male citizen of the
United States,' every male citizen who shall
have acquired the rights of citizenship under
or by virtue of the treaty or Quen i&ro, and
every male naturalized citizen thereof who
j shall have become such ninety days prior to
any election, of the age of twenty-one years,
! who shall have been a resident of the State one
! year next preceding the election, and of the
county in which he claims his vote ninety
days, and in the election precinct thirty days,
shall be entitled to vote at all elections which
are now or may hereafter be authorized by
law." And in furtherance of this eonstltu
tutl.onal declaration section 11, article XX of the
constitution provides: "The privilege of free
suffrage shall be supported by laws regulating
elections, and prohibiting under adequate
penalties all undue influence thereon from
power, bribery, tumult or other Improper prac
tices." When tested in the crucible furnished
by these provisions of the organic law, the
I whole act must give way as failing to meet
the requirements there laid down. The primary
election provided for In the present act is an
election "authorized by law" under the fore
going provision of the constitution. This must
■ be so. For the law is a mandatory law. It
■ has been directly decided to be an election re
ferred to in the constitution. (Marsh vs. Sup
ervisors. 11l I'al. 368.) It must be an election
'■ under this provision of the constitution, or the
; Legislature would have no power to provide
; that money should be taken from the State and
: county treasuries to pay the expenses of con
; ducting it. The validity of any taxation look-
Ing toward the raising of money for such pur
poses would be absolutely void if the flections
provided for by the act are not elections recog
nized by and referred to in this constitutional [
provision. These things being true, the Legis- j
lature has no power to deprive any citizen of
the State who fills all the requirements de
manded by the section of the constitution
quoted from voting at an election provided for
by this act. In this country the right to vote
Is recognized as one of the highest privileges of
the citizen. It Is so recognized, not only by
the citizen, but by the law; and any Infringe
ment by legislative power upon that right as
granted by the constitution is idle legislation.
If the Legislature by this act has deprived
citizens of the right to participate in the eleo
tions therein provided, who are qualified to
participate under the constitution— aye, even If
the Legislature has deprived one citizen so
qualified of such right, the act Is void as an
attempted exercise of power it does not pos- .
Ees-F. As we have seen, section 11, article XX .
of the constitution authorizes the Legislature to
■pass laws in support of the privilege 1 of free
■suffrage. This . certain rr does ■ not ' mean r the
authorization of laws looking toward the cur
tailing and deprivation of free suffrage.' The
Legislature has the power to pass laws look-
Ing to the proper and reasonable regulation of
the exercise of the right of free suffrage, and
when that has been done its power has been
exhausted.
"Before passing to an examination of the act
itself for the purpose of ascertaining who are
entitled to participate in the elections held
thereunder, we will consider another matter
closely allied to the question now under con
sideration. Among: other- things found In sec
tion 23 of the act. it Is provided: "Any native
born citizen who since the last general elec
tion has become of legal age, or any person
who has become naturalized Fince the last
general election, shall be entitled to vote at
any primary election: providing he has made
application to have his name placed upon the
precinct register of the county in which he
resides, and of which he has been a legal resi
dent for thirty days prior to any primary elec
tion.'-' It will be seen by this provision that
all native born citizens who since the last gen
eral election have become of legal age, and
who have been legal residents of the county
for thirty days prior to the election, are* en
titled to vote. It will also be observed that
all citizens who have become bo by real of
naturalization since the last general ' election,
and are legal residents as aforesaid, are like
wise entitled to vote. Under this provision
citizens made BO by naturalization upon the
day next preceding the election would be en
titled to vote. Such legislation is not a cur
tailment of the constitutional right of suf
frage, but an enlargement of that right. That
is. the Legislature has attempted to extend the
right of suffrage to certain 'lasses of citizens
outside of those classes mentioned in the con
stitution. If the legislature has such power.
It could extend the right to aliens, to minors,
to women. It has no such power. The Legis
lature can no more extend the right of suf
frage to persons not included in the constitu
tional provision than it can deprive persons
there included of the right. The application
of the maxim, "Expressio unius est excluslo al
terius." bears with full force upon this provis
ion of the constitution declaring who are com
petent to vote at elections authorized by th"
laws of this State. The legislation just quoted
from the act bearing upon native born <;ti
zens arriving at the age of twenty-one yean
after the last general election, and citizens
naturalized since the last general election, Is
void as being in direct contravention of the
constitution of the State. This contravention
of the constitution consists in this, that a legal
residence In the county alone for thirty days
prior to the election Is the only condition re
quired by the act, whereas the constitution re
quires a legal residence in the State for one
year, and In the county ninety days, and In
the precinct- thirty' days. ■ This legislation Is
also In contravention of the constitution In
this, that the naturalized citizen under the
constitution is not entitled no vote unless his
naturalization occurred at least ninety days
prior to the day of election. .
Section 22 of the act provides: "No person
shall be allowed to vote whose name does not
appear upon the great or precinct register of
the county, or the city and county, used at
the last general election held before such
primary election, In the precinct in which he
desires to vote as a person entitled to vote In
such precinct, or unless his name appears
upon the supplements to such great or precinct
registers." Here Is a direct, bald declaration
that only those electors whose names appear
upon the great or precinct registers, or the
supplements thereto used at the last genera
election, are entitled to vote. In section 23
we find that portion of the statute giving to
certain naturalized citizens and native born
citizens who have arrived at years of major
ity since the last genera! election, the right to
vote at the primary election, and providing the
means by which they may have their names
placed upon the register; but this provision of
the law we have already held void as vlolatlve
of the constitutional provision bearing- upon
the qualification of voters. The same section
also provides that an elector moving from
one county to another since the last genera
election may secure a transfer of his registra
tion; but there are .no means provided by
which he may have his name placed upon the
register used at the primary election. Hence
his transfer of registration avails him noth
ing. For no man may vote unless his name
appears upon the register or supplement
thereto.
Keeping In view the law's demand that no
person shall be allowed to vote whose name
does not appear upon- the register or supple
ment mentioned, we will enumerate the various
classes of electors qualified under the constitu
tion to participate in elections, that are de
barred from participating in elections held
under this act: ;•
1. AH native born citizens who have arrived
at age since the last general election.
2. All foreign born citizens naturalized since
the last general election, ninety days prior to
the primary election, . ' .
3. All electors who have changed their resi
dence from one county to another since the
last general election.
4 All elector* who have secured a residence
In the State since the last general election.
a All electors of the State at the last gen
eral election who failed to have their names
placed upon the great or precinct registers or
supplements thereto prior to that election. .
6 All foreign born citizens Who were natur
alized within ninety days next preceding the
last general election. : '
It will thus appear that the Legislature has
declared only those electors whose names ap
peared upon the great or precinct register of
the county or the supplement thereto at the
last general election, entitled to participate In
elections held under this act.' If the Legisla
ture bad enacted similar legislation as- to a
♦THE SAST FTIASrCTSCO CALL, FRIDAY, STARCH 23, .1898.
State or national election, It would have been
so palpably void as to fall at the mere sug
gestion yf its appearance before a judicial
tribunal. Yet It would be a Judicial absurdity
to say that citizens of a State having the right
under the constitution to participate in State
and national elections may be deprived by the
Legislature of the right to participate in the
elections authorized and fostered under this
act. As before suggested, these elections are
made mandatory by the law. Revenue is raised
by the ordinary means of taxation upon all the
property of the State to pay the expense of
conducting them. Their exclusive conduct and
management is taken from political parties, as
sociations and Individuals, and placed in the
hands of the State. Their validity can only
be upheld upon the theory that they are mat
ters of vital import to the general welfare of
the State. and therefore matters in which
every citizen and every taxpayer is beneficially
interested. In other words, the Legislature,
believing a sound public policy demanded such
a course, has made these elections a State in
stitution. By the whole tenor of the act they
are placed upon a plane of State elections, and
in the consideration of the law bearing upon
them, must be so recognized. If the Legisla
ture has the power to deprive one class of
constitutional electors of the rights to partici
pate therein, it has the power to deprive six
classes, and. if it be conceded that it has the
power to so legislate, of necessity an election
thus held would be a stranger to the con
stitution, and a pure creature of the statute.
yucli conditions cannot exist, for the constitu
tion declares that the men here debarred from
voting shall be entitled to vote at all elections
which may hereafter "be authorized by law.
The word •'elections" as here used, refers to
elections affecting the political life of the btate.
This- is such an election. It is essentially a.
political election ••authorzied by law, and
therefore an election within this provision of
the Constitution.
Section IT provides that by the act of voting
the voter declares as a tost of his richt to so
: lH.ua tide, present intention of sup
porting the nominees selected by the dele
gates there elected, and before voting an oatn
U) that effect may be required. The power
of the Legislature to affix such a test to the
right to vote will be alluded to hereafter; but,
ci needing the existence of the power, then
all electors entitled to vote under the consti
tution, who are ready and willing to comply
with this requirement of the law, have a com
mon right to participate in such election, and
any discrimination in favor of or against any
i r individual is special legislation and
prohibited by the constitution. For this rea
son, even if it be assumed that the elections
provided for by the act are not elections rec
ognized by the constitutional provisions which
we have bad under consideration, still the act
must fall by reason of the special legislation
to which we have here drawn attention.
The power of the Legislature to establish a
test for voters at any oleeuon presents a mat
ter demanding the most serious consideration.
If it were a State or national election, where
State officers or Presidential electors were
• . no OBe would have the temerity to say
that a legislative test could be Invoked. And
the moment you recognise the existence of
power in the Legislature to create tests in
these primary elections you recognize the
right of the Legislature to create any test
which to that b<«ly mny seem proper. While
the test prescribed in this act may be said to
be a most reasonable one, yet the right to
:< carries with it the right to make tests
most unreasonable. If the power rests in the
Legislature to create a test, then the power is
found in a Democratic Legislature to make the
• ;i primary election a belief in the free
• of silver "at the ratio of 56 to 1. and the
same power is found in a Republican Legis
lature to make the test a belief In a protective
tariff. If such a power may be sustained un
der the constitution then the life and death
of political parties are held in the hollow of
the hand by a Btate Legislature.
Those suggestions present mutters for grave
consideration, even conceding that the elec
, rovided for in the act come without the
provision of the constitution bearing upon
elections, and that they are therefore mere
matters of legislation with which the Legisla
ture has full and untrammeled power to deal.
"We understand this law is the first of its kind
in the United States. Its mandatory features
present one of the greatest and most Important
Innovations upon past legislation in this coun
try bearing upon primary elections. Under the
mandates of this act all political parties and
associations must come under Its wing or be
destroyed. They must all bow down before
It as the price of their existence. These things
are only done by slant strides in State legis
lation, and the power of the Btate Legislature
to thus ennct with reference to political par
ties presents grave and interesting questions.
The foregoing suggestions "are put forth in or
der that the State Legislature in future when
dealing with this question may appreciate the
ince of Its work when viewed in the
liiTht of the constitutional difficulties to be
met and overcome. For the reasons previously
given, wherein we hold the law invalid, we
have refrained from discussing these Important
matters, but content ourselves with merely
suesjestlng them.
For the foregoing reasons the judgment is
reversed, and cause remanded, with directions
that the proceeding be dismissed. — GA
ROUTTE, J.
We concur: AfcFarland, J. ; Ilonshaw, J. ;
Van Fleet, J. ; Harrison. J. ; Temple, J.
THE KILLING OF
DAVID PERGRIM
Coroner's Jury Charge Charles
W. Dunn With the Crime
of Murder.
■
John B. Chrystal, a New Witness,
Appears and Tells About His
Blackened Eye.
A Coroner's jury yesterday Inquiring
Into the death of David \V. Pergrim from
injuries received in a brawl in the Trans
fer saloon, on the corner of Jones and
O'Farrell streets, returned a verdict to
the effect that Pergrim died on March 18
at the City Receiving Hospital and that
"he came to his death from a gunshot
wound inflicted by a gun In the hands of
Charles \V. Dunn, and we further find
that said shooting was unjustifiable."
Dunn, the prisoner, who had attempted
to escape and who was intercepted by
Sheriff Cunningham at Stockton, took
the stand and repeated the story which
he told the police and which was pub
lished in The Call at the time.
The new witness in the case made his
appearance «t the inquest. He is a large
man, wearing a beard, and gave his
name as J. B. Chrystal, stock and grain
broker. Chrystal went into the saloon
just before the killing and was standing
by the bar holding a cigarette In his right
hand and his left hand in his pocket.
Pergrim approached him, and in an ag
gressive and insulting manner remarked
that he had a mind to knock the insides
out of Mr. Chry.stai. Upon Chrystal re
plying in a pleasant way that he would
try to preserve the integrity of his in
wards the best way he knew how, the
c nversation branched off to the Maine
disaster, and Pergrim announced that lie
had served in the British and Scandi
navian navies. Chrystal patriotically re
marked' that his country could have him
whenever it wished, and could have him
without money and without price, for he
would volunteer.
This outburst of patriotism displeased
the deceased, who declared that all
Americans were of canine descent, in
cluding Chrystal.
"Then he biffed me in the eye," said
Chrystal.
He was preparing to make a counter
attack upon Pergrim, but was dissuaded
by Dunn, who took him behind the bar,
and with the assistance of Mrs. Dunn
put hot applications io his eye. He then
went away an<l did nut witness the shoot
ing. His eye remained black for several
days, and he therefore did not come
down town, being restrained by a feeling
of shame.
NEWSPAPER, THIEVES.
A reward of §10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
In the Divorce Court.
Mary A. Bloomfield has been granted a
divorce from William C. Uloomfield on
the grounds of neglect and cruelty.
Judge Heicher yesterday granted Cata
rina Firenze a divorce from Giovanni
Fin-nze on the ground of desertion.
Nicoiaus Muller has commenced suit for
divorce against Louise Mvi :r on the
ground of desertion; Beatrice Scheggia
frura Emil Scheggia, f:i.ilur<- to provide:
and Catherine Starquist from Antone
Starquist, cruelty.
Two New Incorporations.
Articles of incorporation of the. Mutual
Investment and Trading CompTiny nave
been tiled by £.. Gustave Schroeder,
Charles L. Milne*, K. H. Lundstrom, L.
C ■ -Hogarth and Frank Craig.
The Russell Cream Company has been
incorporated by John Russell, E. D.
Baker, Frederick Russell, George "W.
Young and Alfred A. Liebe, \
i■♦ ■ »
Free— month's treatment "Our New
Method Cure." Female Ills cured to cured.
Dr. Gordia, 514 Pine street, San Francisco.
PASSING OF
LENNON AND
ZEMANSKY
Revenue Deputies Dis
missed From the
Service.
Charges of Misconduct
Sustained by Wash
ington Officials.
Recommendation of Coliector
Lynch Approved by the
Department.
REINSTATE MISS DAVIDSON
Influence With the Powers That Be
Saved for Her the Position
She Will Resign.
That the powers that be in the Inter
nal Revenue Department at Washing
ton are like the mills of the
gods that "grind slow, but grind
exceedingly small," is proved by
the fact that they have only re
cently handed down their decision in
the case pending against the Deputy
Conectors who were suspended last
December. Collector Lynch received
the report from headquarters some
two weeks ago, and although he at
tempted to keep its contents to him
self rumor has it that J. H. Zemansky
and E. F. Lennon have been sum
marily dismissed from the service,
while Miss Alice Davidson is to be re
instated.
Early last December Revenue Agent
L. A. Thrasher liled with Collector
Lynch a lengthy document charging
the three late deputies under ex-Col
lector O. M. Welburn with official mis
conduct. The charges came directly
out of the trial of Welburn for embez
zlement and Thrasher accused Lennon
and Zemansky of perjury when wit
nesses in that ease. W. H. Dillard, the
colored messenger of Welburn's office,
testified that both Zemansky and Len
non had seen him sign the name of
Welburn to official papers. This the
two deputies denied on the stand when
called to testify for the defense. The
second charge against Lennon and Ze
mansky and the only one against Miss
Davidson was that they had repeated
ly signed false jurats, swearing per
sons to papers when the one signing
the documents was not present.
Collector Lynch, according to the
civil service law, suspended the three
deputies pending an investigation, and
supplied them with copies of the
charges which had been preferred
against them. Gavin McNab, the at
torney for Welburn during his trial,
was consulted by the suspended depu
ties, and under his instruction they
made a spirited reply to the charges,
denying that they were guilty as
charged. This was answered by the
revenue agent, who produced affidavits
from Louis Loupe and JB. M. Thomas
to prove that the case was as he had
asserted in his first statement to the
Collector. In these affidavits Thomas
and Loupe swore that they had not
only personally seen Zemansky and
Lennon watch Dillard sign Welburn's
name but that they had heard the two
deputies frequently request the mes
senger to sign the Collector's name to
documents. Further evidence was pre
sented in proof of the charge of sign
ing false jurats.
Collector Lynch took the matter un
der advisement, and, after a long in
vestigation pro and con, decided that
the charges against the deputies were
warranted by their actions while in
office, and made his report to Wash
ington advising the dismissal of all
three from the service.
This action leaked out and the sus
pended clerks have been exerting every
influence they could to secure an un
favorable reception of the Collector's
recommendation by the Washington
officials. It is stated on good authority
that the matter was taken up by
friends of Lennon, Zamansky and Miss
Davidson, who were close to Senators
Perkins and White, and that an at
tempt was made by these two gentle
men to secure the reinstatement of the
deposed parties. The fact that all three
of the deputies are Democrats and that
the Republican Senators made such an
effort to have them reinstated is an
odd feature of the case.
Despite the pressure brought to bear
in favor of Zamansky and Lennon, the
case against them as reported by Col
lector Lynch evidently appeared so
clear that the recommendation of
Lynch was looked upon with favor and
the charges against the deputies sus
tained, so they will feed at the public
crib no longer.
The case of Miss Davidson is differ
ent, however. The lady had a "pull"
not possessed by the other deputies.
Just what It is cannot be learned, but
comes, it is believed, through Gavin
McNab, who is a relative. Besides the
fact that she had friends at court, the
charges against Miss Davidson were
not so serious nor so clearly proved as
those against Zamansky and Lennon.
In reply to the charge of signing false
jurats, Miss Davidson brought evidence
to show that in the specific instances
cited in the charges she had not been at
her desk, but her place had been filled
by her sister, Martha Davis, who acted
as substitute and signed Miss Alice
Davidson's name to the documents.'
While Miss Davidson is to be reinstat
ed to her old desk in the revenue of
fices, she will In all probability not re
tain it long, as it is reported that she
will resign her position.
THE PRESIDENT.
Alaska Passengers Accuse the Cap
tain of Breach of Contract and
Ask Damages for Same.
The rase of Benjamin F. Gray, Herbert
Kendall, Anderson W. Meadows. Augus
tus C. Cabel, Henry Peters, Ernest Nuess
le'r, Mrs. Inga Nuessler and Anthony
Paul against the steamer President, came
up for trial yesterday in the United States
District Court before Judge de Haven.
The plaintiffs sue for damages in the sum
of $2000 each for breach of contract. They
allege that they paid the captain of the
steamer $15 each and helped him dis
charge his cargo at St. Michael in con
sideration of his taking them to Unalakllk,
•where they intended t<> engage in mining.
The complaint alleges that the captain
refused to land them at liuilaklik, but
proceeded to San Francisco, alleging as
a reason for his breach of contract that
he was afraid his vessel would be frozen
in.
Several witnesses testified that the cap
tain, C. Nelson, was drunk most of the
time and damned the passengers most
heartily, besides giving them miserable
accommodations and food that was far
from inviting. The taking of testimony
will be resumed this morning.
BARK ALMY
MENACES
NAVIGATION
Still Tugging at Her
Anchors Off the
Cliff House.
No Reason Yet to Hope
That There Are Any
Survivors.
Within a Few Days the Wreck
Will Be Shattered With
Dynamite.
CAPTAIN FEARED DEATH.
Told His Wife That He Had an Idea
He Would Never Return
Alive.
The wreck of the Helen W. Almy is
still tugging at its anchors off the Cliff
House. It is right in the way of ves
sels coming from the south, and should
be removed at once, but there is so
much red tape in connection with the
matter that it will be several days be
fore the hulk can be blown up or de
stroyed in some other way. One thing
is certain, it cannot be towed out of
the way. The revenue cutter Rush
made fast to the wreck several times,
but every time any strain was put on
the rope the ~««ce of wreck to which it
was attached came away. The life
saving crew will put lights on the
wreck until the lighthouse tender Ma
drono can take a boat out and anchor
it near the remains of the Almy.
It is said that the captain and orew
of the Almy were drunk the day the
vessel sailed. It is known that Captain
Hogan had been drinking heavily for
several days before the ill-fated voy
age began, but on Sunday he was con
sidered fully capable of taking the
bark to sea. The vessel was well
stocked with wines and liquors, and
how much was drunk after the tug
cast the bark off will never be known.
"The Almy was evidently being run
back to port," said an old salt yester
day, "and if she was leaking and in
distress the men aboard of her must
have been drunk or crazy to have been
carrying all the sail that was found on
her."
Captain Roberts of the revenue cut
ter Rush reported to Collector Jackson
yesterday morning that he had found
the wreck of the Helen W. Almy se
curely anchored and was unable to
move her. He had communicated with
the lighthouse authorities, and they
had expressed their intention of mark
ing the scene of the wreck with a buoy
by day and a light by night. Collector
Jackson later in the day requested Ma
jor Charles E. L. B. Davis, United
States engineer, to blow up the wreck
! with dynamite and thus remove a dan
gerous menace to navigation, but she
is still floating with her masts down.
I The cutter Rush was to have been sent
to blow her to pieces yesterday, but
she did not leave this port, and in con
sequence lights will agaia be placed
(in the wreck.
Wonder is expressed on all sides that
! the vessel should have been allowed to
j leave port under any consideration, and
i the thought presents itself that the
Almy may not be the last northbound
vessel to go down with all on board,
as there are other worthless crafts
which h;iT? gone and will go to
the land of promise and hardships.
Mrs. Hayt-s. who resides at 13 Cha
pultepec street and from whom Fred
'■ Franks had hired lodgings for the past
y.'ur and a half, suited that Franks
had been very positive that he would
; make his fortune in the far north, but
that prior to leaving he had borrowed
%2W from her and placed in her hands
a letter addressed to a brother in Ger
i many, stating that if anything should
happen him his brothor was to take
' the responsibility of the debt and re
turn the amount to Mrs. Hayes imme
diately after the receipt of the letter.
Franks left in company with Gustave
I Joumier, who left his family at 16
i Chepultepec street at the time of his
: departure. It was the intention of the
i two men to work together in search
i of a fortune, and as yet the tamily oi
! the missing men cannot bring them
! selves to believe that they were
' drowned at the time the Almy capsized
within sight of land.
On starting out the two men had
been very confident of ultimate riches
■ and left their homes and an impres
; sion with friends and families that ere
j long money would be a secondary con
: sideration. It was the old tale ot
! hope and determination and a loss of
I life in the fight for riches. Both men
' were well known as industrious and
! upright in all dealings by those in the
! of the ill-fated ves
sel was also well liked for his kindness
to his family and his work as an officer.
Mrs Hogan was almost prostrated
when she learned that after two days
i no hope can be given that either her
husband or any of the crew or passen
: gers have been save from the wreck.
In accordance with the story told of
the last voyage taken by her husband
Captain Hogan had been exceedingly
anxious to take his wife and children
with him, but after a few days' con
sideration of the matter it had been
decided that another trip would be
waited for. Captain Hogan had told
his wife the morning he sailed that he
had a presentiment that he would never
; see his family again and during the
1 night previous to the trip had been in.
: a fretful way. When it came time for
i him to bid his wife and little ones a
j good-by he clung .to them and again
! repeated his tale of the night before
'■ that, he was satisfied he would never
j return home again. The actions of the
I captain weighed heavily on Mrs. Ho
gan's mind, and after almost sleepless
nights she awoke to but hear the words
.of her husband repeated by one who
had received the news of the sad end
ing to a hopeful beginning and the
fate of all on board the almost rotten
vessel which is soon to be blown to
atoms.
Four contemporaries of the Almy are
fitting out to carry passengers to the
north. They are the bark Mermaid,
built in 1855 at Westport, Mass.; the
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The fie- : : ■.. _■ y?  . .'. ■ * ,' .--■'• ;_-.; _-.
; liails //^ - T Is 08
Blga»ture/>^ v^fe^^V-^ eT9r 7
bark Bounding Billow, built in 1854 at
Chelsea, Mass.,; the barkentine Leslie
D, ex the bark Emma F. Herriman,
built in 1861 at Searsport, Maine, and
the barkentine Jane A. Falkinburg,
built in 1854 at New Bedford, Mass. The
Mermaid is on the berth for Kotzebue
Sound, and Captain R. D. Wicks says
she is still a thoroughly stanch vessel in
spite of her age. He made a whaling
cruise In her four years ago and says
that the trip was as comfortable a one
as he ever made. "If anybody thinks
there is a rotten timber in the Mer
maid," said Captain Wicks yesterday,
"let him come around and point it out
to me and I will consider he has done
me a favor. Everything has now been
cleared out of the vessel and there is a
good chance to make a thorough exam
ination. The underwriters are going to
make an examination of her in a few
days in order to fix the rate of insur
ance, and I am sure that they also will
only be too glad to hear of any defects
in the hull. The Mermaid is owned by
the Xarragansett and Alaska Mining
and Trading Company, which is incor
porated under the laws of Rhode Island,
and many of the passengers who will go
to the gold fields in her have come out
here from Rhode Island to join her."
The Bounding Billow was built for
the fruit trade, and after her days of
usefulness in that line had ended she
whs turned into a whaler. Just before
the firm of Wright, Bowne & Co. failed
over $5000 was spent in putting the old
bark in a state of thorough repair. In
stead of going to the Arctic, hov»ever,
she went into retirement in Oakland
Creek and remained there till the rush
to the gold fields began. Her hull is
said to be perfectly 6ound, but her top
sides will have to be recalked before
she can go to sea.
The old bark Emma F. Herriman,
now the barkentine Leslie D, was built
for the Brazilian sugar trade. The
raw sugar played havoc with her tim
bers and she was turned into a whaler
as a last resort. She made her last
whaling cruise about three years ago,
and then under the name of the Leslie
D she went codfishing. Later she was
put into the lumber trade, but was
very nearly wrecked while on her way
to Puget Sound from San Francisco.
She was water-logged and was towed
to Port Townsend in a very bat
tered condition. She was afterward
repaired and came to San Francisco
where, soon after her arrival, she was
put on the berth for Kotzebue Sound.
The barkentine Jane A. Falkinburg,
in spite of her age. is_a well preserved
vessel. She has been built up several
times and has been well taken care of.
She is now at Mission-street wharf
having a deckhouse built on her and
in other ways getting 1 ready for a trip
to the gold fields.
Another old timer came out of retire
ment yesterday in the shape of the brig
Tanner. She was built at Smithtown.
N. V., in 1855 and has been almost con
stantly in commission ever since. Of
late she has been laid up in Oakland
Creek, but has been hauled off the mud
in order to be put into the Klondike
trade.
For Ship Captains.
Collector Jackson yesterday received
the following telegram from the Treas
ury Department:
"American vessels clearing from Amer
ican ports for Dyea need not call at
Marys Island to take on an inspector.
"O. I* SPAI'LDINO,
•Assistant Secretary."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Simply
the purest and most
deiiciously flavored
vanilla chocolate in
the worId— GHIRAR-
| delli's Monarch
i • Chocolate. Its ,
unique mellow flavor
recommends it as a ;
drink and as a de- \
■ lightful addition to I
pastry. j
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
/}QQ iIAJtKET dX.. OPP. FAJUALS
UOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Reside new Wit
.Valencia •treat. Telephone. "Church" li. .
•^ L (lit— ■1 — Ha ■• 1 1 i^f rflrv-'""* /-A r^C
— lohh ml uuSs^g^:
Because Ripans TabuJes are not to be faynd
in every drug store, a man who needs them some-
times has to send for them to the manufacturers,
although the druggist will generally get them if
the customer insists. "I would not be without
Ripans Tabule'sfor any money," writes an engi-
neer of the Houston & Texas Central R. R. ;
"for every disturbance of the stomach they arc the
best remedy I ever 'heard of in this world."
DUFFY'S PURE
maiT WHISKI-Y
FORiSciNACgSE
NO FUSEL OIL
It is the best known remedy
! for indigestion, dyspepsia
and ail similar troubles. It
will restore you to health.
Do not let your druggist or
grocer persuade you to take
i other than Duffy's.
Send for pamphlet to
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.
Rochester, N. Y.
STATEmENT
OF THE- —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE SIST
day of December. A. D. 1897, and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 anil
611 of the Political Code, condensed as pef
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL. !.%>.:
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash..... $ 500,000 01
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,276,279 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash in banks. 113.556 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 13,212 00
Premiums 'in due course of collec-
tion 190,840 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 4,593 00
Policy stamps on hand '.. 254 00
Total assets C:,605,031 00
LIABILITIES. ; V c
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
in process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, Including
expenses } 154,575 00
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, gross prem-
iums on marine time risks 134,395 00
• All other demands against the com-
! pany . 93,479 00
Total liabilities........ $ 402.449 00
.;: INCOME.
; Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums I £59,321 00
I Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 34,463 00
Total income $ 593.754 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 453.138 00
I Dividends to stockholders 000 00
; Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 38,309 24
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 7.363 78
j All other payments and expenditures C.032 00
Total expenditures ? 554.543 00
Marine losses Incurred during .the
year ; '••• 495.760 00
Marine Frem-
Risks and Premiums. Risks. iums.
! Net amount of risks writ- 1 I
! ten during the year $102,260,140 $331,231 00
I Net amount of risks ex-
| pired during the year 101,698,855 511.606 00
i Net amount in force De-
I cember SI, 1597.: 9,436,463 154.395 00
~~~~~ J. WILLIAMSON, President.
JOHN GICK, Secretary. :
• Subscribed and -sworn to befnFe me this 23th
(Jay of February, ISIS. W. J. SULIS,
United States Vice-Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
General Agents.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
Managers.
.208 Sansome Street, S. F".
; TELEPHONE MAIN 5965.
000000000000000000
%™.? PALACE A -^t
000 0 GRAND HOTELS °
q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
*f Connected by a covered passageway. **
® 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
0 ■■ ■ : All Undek Ove Maxacemb.vt. O
O '?.£'. : NOTE THE PRICES: , Q
«V European PIan. SI. OO per day and upward *v
** American P1an. «3.00 per day and upward V
O '•• - Correspondent Solicited. - O
O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICE, Manager. fj
00000000000 0 O O O
1 H I ii Eh vS P Ji H m] B tJ w m En
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.NA BITTERS. V.HM
great Mexican Remedy; gives health Rod
; •treneth to the sexual organs.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS-
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Other cereals unchanged.
Heavier receipts of Hay.
No change in Feed stuffs.
Beans dull and weak.
Potatoes lower.
Frozen Asparagus coming in.
Butter and Eggs about the same.
Old Poultry weak and young firm.
Citrus Fruits plentiful and weak.
Provisions still dull.
Wool, Hides and Hops dull.
Hogs weak, but no lower.
Quicksilver lower. ■
OVERLAND SHIPMENTS.
Overland shipments of produce and merchan
dise from Northern and Central California via
Southern Pacific lines in February were 39.063
tons, as follows: From San Francisco, 23,245;
Oakland, 1815; San Jose, 2674; Stockton. 3715:
Sacramento and east. 0048; Marysvllle, 3063.
The leading items were: 44S tons Beans, 624
tons Borax, 46,500 gallons Brandy, 435,750 gal
lons Wine. 978 tons Canned Goods, 146 tons
I>eciduous Fruits, 40 tons Citrus Fruits, 5652
tons Dried Fruits. 402 tons Hide*;. 332 tons
Leather. 23 tons Honey. 101 tons Nuts, 2015 tons
Raisins, 98 tons Hops, 542 tons Lumber, 75 tons
Potatoes, 52 tons Vegetables, 612 tons Powder,
65 tons Ouicksilver, 155 tons Wool, 256 tons
Canned Salmon, 237 tons Coffee, 230 tons Tea,
120 tons Rice and 16,669 tons Suj^r.
WAR AND THE FINANCES.
EFFECT OF THE GREAT NAVAL, PREPA-
RATIONS ON MONET MARKETS.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
of the financial condition of the country and
the world anent the current naval appropria-
U ■> by the great powers:
•Current events show that in the. future In
ternational conflicts are more likely to be
fought on the sea than on land. As a result,
four nations have, within the present month,
appropriated 000.000 for naval purposes-
Great Britain, 5113.000,000; United States, $50.
000,000; Russia, $6iM>Ai.ot>J. and Germany, $100,
000,000. These outlays have been very errone
ously interpreted as foreshadowing disturbance
of the world's money markets, as interfering
with the negotiation of corporate loans and as
being generally unfavorable to the Investment
niarkets. I can see no Justification whatever
tot such apprehensions; they are the product
of pessimistic . imaginations. The outlays of
all the countries, except our own, will extend
over a series of years. Those of England and
Germany will be provided for in the ordinary
course of revenue, and therefore will Involve
no borrowing. Russia will gradually draw her
J69.000.000 out of imperial lunds now on de
posit, and our own appropriations will be pro
vided for out of surplus cash now In the treas
ury. Thus none of these expenditures will in
volve any Issue of loans, while those of Russia
and the United States will put $119,000,000 of
money now hoarded into active circulation,
thereby contributing to ease In the money mar
kets and strength in the cash resources of the
banks.
"The home money market Is amply pro
tected against any contingency In connection
with our relations with Spain. The amount
of the current gold imports, received and to ar
rive, now reaches over J2">, 000,000; our creditor
claims upon Europe are such as to place with
in our reach further very large amounts of gold
we need It. The laxgeness of our ex
h:11! rontlnues and trip moderation of the
Imports is unchanged: so that the trade ac
count of February, including gold and silver,
Bhowa a balance In our favor of $38.000.000 —
adding further to the already extraordinary
floating balance In our favor held in other
tries For the first eight months of this
fiscal year a balance of exports and Imports,
Including gold and silver, snows $408,000,000 to
the credit of the United States. Making a lib
erp.l deduction on account of th<» net debtor
!t'»ms outside of Imports and exports and as
suming thnt the movement of securities has
averaged considerably against us, there must
still now remain an unliquidated foreign bal
ance in our favor of very extraordinary dimen
sions; much larger, I apprehend, than Is gen
erßl'y supposed, or than would be credited If
fairly estimated."
EXPLANA-ION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top flg
eree at station lndlc;.:e maximum temperature
lor the days; those underneath it. if any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In inchei
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or eolid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure: isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure a/id is usurlly accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accoirfpanled
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the? coast, and the isobars extend north
End south along the ccasi, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im-
F>rnl.-ab!e. With a "high" in the vicinity of
daho. and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
fl2Oth Meridian— Time.)
PAN' FRANCISCO. March 24, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same dat«
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— *4 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 23.25 43.31
Red Bluff 0 12. 0S . 22.71
Sacramento 0 8.55 15.81
Ran Francisco 0 ~i..,2 • 20.
Fresno 0 3.71 9.97
San Luis Obispo 0 6.43 20.11
Los Angeles 0 5.02 16.46
Pan Diego 0 3.82 11.60
Yuma 0 1.65 6.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 61;
minimum. 43; mean, 47.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past 24 hours over Utah, Nevada, Southern
Idaho and Southeastern Oregon. It has risen
rapidly over Northeastern Montana. • An area
of high pressure is pushing southward from
Assinlboia, and an extensive trough of low
pressure is forming between the Pacific Coast
and the Rocky Mountains.
Rain is already falling in Northern Cali
fornia.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Idaho Falls, 30 miles per hour from
the south: Winnemucca. 38 southwest; Carson
City, 36 southwest; Sacramento, 2S southwest;
San Francisco, 26 west.- . , . •,
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, March 24, 1898:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, with
occasional showers ; fresh southwesterly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy . and unsettled
■weather Friday; southwesterly winds.
— Cloudy Friday ; rain in the north
ern portion.
Utah — Cloudy Friday: colder Friday night.
— Cloudy Friday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— and un
settled weather Friday, with occasional show
ers; fresh' southwesterly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5' p. m. — Clear; wind west, 36 miles per
hour; temperature, 39: maximum tempera
ture. 53 degrees. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 24.— Money on call easy.
it I^@l% per cent; last loan. I^-per cent;
closed, Hi per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
<%@ss4 per cent. Sterling exchange , irregular,
■with actual business In bankers" bills at $4 S3*
f'4 84 for demand, and at $4 80%®4 81 for sixty
ays; posted rates, »4 82@4 S2V4 and $4 85@4 85%.
Commercial bills, $4 80V4@4 8O?4. Silver certifi
cates. 66%ff56}ic. Bar silver, C6c. Mexican <Jol
lars. 4fic. Government bonds, weak. State
bonds, dull. Railroad bonds, heavy.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. March 24.— The stock market
to-day was alternately feverish and stagnant,
closing at the lowest, with the losses confined
to fractions In the railways, but ranging from
1 to 3 points elsewhere. The Cuban situation
was the all-Important factor to-day, as It has
been for a long time In the market fluctua
tions. Prices rallied sharply at the opening,
on the assumption that there would be more
delay in dealing with the Cuban question.
London, . after an easier opening, closed steady,
but the sales from that quarter, were largely in
excess of yesterday's purchases. The change
of attitude of foreign financiers toward Amer
ican securities was used by the bears to ham
mer the International shares at frequent in
tervals. The pressure against St. . Paul. New
York Central. Louisville and Nashville and
Union Pacific preferred resulted in recessions
of over a point as compared with the highest
price established •in recent tradings. Cover
ing of shorts from time to time hardened the
market's tone, but this in each instance failed
to last. The selling movement in the IlnaJ
hour brought about the lowest level of the day.
The bond market showed extreme dullness,
but a tendency was evident toward a lower
level. The aggregate transactions were $384,
000.
Government bonds shared In the general de
pression of the security markets, with quota
tions for the active Issues showing losses In
bid prices of 4 per cent, except In the 4's
registered of 1907, which lost 4 per cent.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 323.500
shares. Including: Burlington. 31,415; Louis
ville and Nashville, 6719; Manhattan. 16,445;
Metropolitan. .14.217; New York Central, 9350;
Northern Pacific. 4635: do preferred. 13.737;
Rock Island. 8210; St. Paul. 46,230; Union Pa
cific, 23,454: Tobacco. 17,015; People's Gas, 6683:
Laclede Gas, 4280; Sugar, 78,220; Western
Union, 3375.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 10% Et P & Om 66
Do pref 23% Do pref 143
Baltimore & Ohio 15% St P M & M...... 125
Canada Pacific .. 80% [So Pacific ........ 134
Canada Southern. 45Vi So Railway 7%
Cent Pac II 1 ' Do pref 24%
Ches & Ohio 17% Texas & Pacific... 8%
Chi & Alton .... 152 Union Pacific .... 47%
Chi B & Q 157% 13 P D & G 7%
Chi & E 111 62 iWabash 64
CCC &St L.... 25% Do pref 14%
Do prof S2 Wheel &L E 1%
Del & Hudson ... 106 Do pref 9%
Del L & W 145 Express Companies —
Den & It G 10% I Adams Ex 100
Do pref 42% American Ex .... 123
Erie (new) 12% United States 38 ,
Do let pref .... 32% Wells Fargo 115
Ft Wayne 166 j Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor pref .... 147 A Cot Oil 154
Hocking Yal .... 54 Do pref 654
Illinois Cent 07% Amn Spirits 6%
Lake Erie & W.. 12V. Do pref 15
Do pref 66% Am Tobacco 93Vi
Lake Shore 181 Do pref 112%
L«Juis & Nash ... 45% People's Gas 87 >,
Manhattan L 95% Cons Gas 174
Met St Ry 132% I Com Cable C 0.... 160
Mich Cent 100W Col F & 1r0n.... 17
Minn & St L..... 24 Do pref 78
Do Ist pref .... 81 Gen Electric 31%
Mo Pacific 23% Illinois Steel 45%
Mobile & Ohio .. 26 Laclede Gas ..... 3S
Mo X & T 10% Lead 274
Do pref 30V« Do pref 102
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 15
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co 26
N J Central .... S9=ti. Pacific Mail 23
N V Central 106% Pullman Pal 167
N V Chi & St L.. 11% Silver Cert 55%
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R& T .... 3%
• Do Id pref .... 284 1 Sugar 112%
Nor West 11% Do pref 104
No Amer Co 5U T C & Iron 17%
No Pacific 20% V S Leather .... 5%
Do pref 55% Do pref ' ■."■'-»
Ontario & W 14 US Rubber 15%
Or.R & Nay 41% Do pref 64
Or Short Line ... 27 West Union 83%
Pittsburg 168 Chi & N W 114 »4
Reading 15% Do pref 173
Do Ist pref .... 3C% St L & 9 W 4
Rock Island 814 Do pref 9
St L & S F 6Vi R G W 23
Do Ist pref 53 Do pref 54
Do 2d pref .... 24VlChi G W 34
St Paul 56% Haw Com Co .... 23
Do pref 144 I
CLOSING BONDS.
U 8 new 4s reg.. 119% N J C 6s 111%
Do coup 119% N Carolina 6s 125
U S4s 108% Do 4s 102
Do coup 11l No Pac lsts .. 115
Do 2ds t>B Do 3s 59%
DS 5s reg 110% Do 4s 93%
Do 5s coup 110% N V C & S L 45.. 103
District 3.65s 115 Nor * W 6s 119
Ala class A .... 108% ! Northwstrn cons. 144
Do B 107 I Do deb 5s 115
Do C 97 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 97 O Nay 4s 90
Atchison 49 884 ° S Line Cs tr.... 120
Do adj 4s 56 OS Line 5s tr 98%
Can So 2ds 105 O Imp lsts tr.... 103
Chi Term 4s .... 81 Do os tr 53
C & Ohio 5s .... 113% Pacific 6s of 95.. 103
C II & D 445.... 104% Reading 4s SO
D& R G Uts.... 110 R G W lsts .... 79%
D & R G 4s 89 IS L & I M C os.. 884
East Term lsts.. 110 SL& SF G 65.. 116
Erie Gen 4s .... 694 St P Con 139
F W & D lsts tr. 66% St P C & P lsts.. IIS
Gen Elec 5s 100\i Do 5s 1144
G H & S A 65.... 102 So Ry 5s 88
Do 2ds 103 Stand R& T 65.. 64
H&T Csb 109 Term new set 35.. 89
Do con 6s I<W T VL G lsts.... 98%
lowa C lsts .... 98 Do Rg Ms 30
Kan P Con tr 98 Union Pac 4s 89%
X Pac Ist DD tr. 120 Do pref 47%
La new cons 45... 101 UPD & G lsts.. 52
L& N Uni 45.... 85 Wab Ist 5s 105%
Missouri 6i 100 Do 2ds 74%
M X & T 2d5.... 57% !W Shore 4s 108
Do 4s 85 I Va Centuries 65
NY Central lsts.. 1154! Do deferred .... 3
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 ! Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 12 Ophir 30
Con Cal & Va 75 Plymouth 07
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 15 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcrs... 1 20 Sierra Nevada .. 140
Homestake 37 00 Standard 1 70
Iron Silver 35 Union Con 30
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket ... 25
BOSTON.
BOSTON March 24. — Atchison, Topeka and
i Santa Fe, %; Bell Telephone. 241; Chicago.
Burlington and Quincy, 87%: Mexican Central,
I 6" Oregon Short Line, 28; San Diego, — : Boston
! and Montana, 167; Butte and Boston, 20%; Par
1 rott, 21%. -
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 24.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets, here remained dull to-day, with in
creased difficulty In effecting sales of all but
the best stocks. In Americans dealers fre
i quently declined to make prices. Spanish
fours were sold heavily from Paris. At one
time they fell to 52%, but they closed at &ZV*.
on a general recovery of Paris specialties, due
to unconfirmed market reports that Spain was
seeking the aid of Great Britain as an inter
mediary in the Cuban matter. Americans, af
ter improving on the New York support, closed
flat In the street.
Of the £8,000,000 of the China loan offered
in this country only £2,000,000 was applied for.
This la an additional cause for the depression
In speculation, enormous blocks being left on
the underwriters' hands.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. 83%: Grand Trunk, 7%:
bar silver uncertain, 26 l-16d per ounce. Money,
2»/«@2% per cent. -
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 24— FLOUR— Receipts.
! 22,512 barrels; exports, 8090 barrels; market
■ weak, lower to sell, trade entirely in small
I lots.
WHEAT— Receipts, 250 bushels; exports,
■ 50.35S bushels; spot, weak. No. 2 red, $1 03% f.
o. b. afloat to arrive. : Opened steady on cables
and moderate covering, but were unable to
sustain the advance long, owing to bearish
ness of scalpers on warmer weather news. Li
quidation again developed as an afternoon feat
ure in spite of fair export orders, and prices
closed weak at %(51%c net decline; No. 2 red,
March, U 02@l 02' 4 . closed $1 02; May. 99%@
$1 BOH? closed at 99Vic.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOQls— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— According to the Metal Exchange
quiet, though generally steady.
PIG IRON— Warrants dull, with $6 75 bid
1 and $6 90 asked. ;---■■-;. ;
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, with $11 87% bid and
■ $12 asked.
| TlN— Quiet, with $14 30 bid and $14 40 asked.
: SPELTER— $4 25 bid. and $4 35 asked.
LEAD— Firm; $3 75 bid and $3 80 asked. The
| firm which fixes the Belling price for miners
] and smelters quotes Lead at $3 60. . :'>-
COFFEE — Options opened steady, 5 points
lower, - closed steady, unchanged to 5 points
net higher. Sales. 23,000 bags, Including March
$4 85, May $5. Spot Rio quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
CV-c: No. 7 jobbing, 6c: mild, quiet; Cordova,
S»4'Sl6c.
SUGAR— Raw, 400 bags Maracalbo p. t.,; fair
i refining, 300 bags Central. American p.t. ; cen
i trifugal, ; 96 test, quiet; refined, 3%c; mold A,
4c. ' -V-V-'.--- ,:-.-, .V
BUTTER— 2441 packages. Market
firm: Western creamery. 15%@19c; Elglns, 19c;
factory, 12@14%c.
EGGS — Receipts, 16,173 packages. . Market
firm; State and Pennsylvania, 10@14c; West
ern, 10© 12c. ; _____ . -V i... .. .
DRIED FRUITS.
- California Dried Fruits— Apples firm, other
fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, s@Bc:
prime wire tray. 8%®8%c: wool dried prime, 8%
®S^c; choice. BVa9c; fancy, 9\i@9%c.
■ PRUNES— SVw7*c .' .'•>.;
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 5%@7c; Moorpark, S%@
10% c. v • . ■■ . -.-■
- PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO.' March 24.— Wheat ' took a little
Jump at the opening-, Influenced by the stead
iness abroad, and ; reported - sales •of 400,000
bushels No. 1 northern wheat by Letter late
yesterday. First trades In July were made at
84%4J84Hc, very little changing hands at ; the
higher figure. Five minutes later It' was sell
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, IS9S.
ing freely at 83%@83%c. There was very lit
tle In the way of bearish news, except the
continuous argument of the price being rather
high compared to that of former years. Sales
of 160,000 bushels No. 2, red on Antwerp ac
count and 25,000 to millers caused a tem
porary rally to near the opening prices, but
was quickly taken advantage of . by the bears
and prices slid off rapidly. Near the close a
line of 1,000,000 bushels was liquidated through
one house and started a fresh decline. Prices
touched the lowest point for July on the pres
ent decline and closed practically at the bot
tom. May opened %c higher at SI 06, sold up
to $1 06%, reacted and closed $1 04 bid. July
opened \<Q'*ic higher at 84%®84%c. declined to
82% c. closing- 82%!g-S2%c.
Corn was momentarily firm, at -the opening,
but following wheat, Boon turned weak. I July
closed He lower.
A weak feeling ruled th? oats pit throughout
the session. July closed H4f->je lower.
Provisions ruled dull and slightly easier. The
offerings were absorbed by shorts, from whom
the only noticeable support came. May pork
closed 7%c lower. May lard 5c lower and May
ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles—^ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2—
March 1 «H
May ..!!!!.'.'."'.!!.".! 105 105% 104 104
July 84% 84% 52% 82%
Corn No. 2—2 —
May • 29 29 25% 25%
July 30% 30% 29 » 30
September ' 314 ' 31% 31 31
Oats. No. 2— 25% 26% 25% 25%
May K% M% 234 254
July 23% 23% 23 28
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May .7..:..... 9 67% 970 960 9 624
July 9 72% 976 965 9 67%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 505 ; 605 00 800
July 5 124 6 12% 5 07% 6 074
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May ...7i...5 00 500 4 97% 600
July 5 07% 6 07% 605 606
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, f. o. b..
So(S'94c; No. 3 spring wheat, 88*3910 ; No. 2 red,
$1 Ol^ffl 02: No. 2 corn. 28% c; No. 2 oats, 25U@
26V;c; No. 2 white, 31<g314c: No. 8 white, 27%<g)
2S%c; No. 2 rye. 48% c; No. 2 barley, f. o. b.,
34©43 c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 18@1 21; prime tim
othy seed, $2 85@2 90; mess pork, per bbl,
$9 62%<g'9 67%; lard, per 100 lbs, $4 95©4 974;
short ribs sides (loose), $4 82%@5 10; dry salted
shoulders • (boxed), $4.7604 87%; short clear
sides (boxed), $5 25<go 40; whisky, distillers
finished goods, per gal. $1 19%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 22,000 44,000
Wheat bush 106,000 203,000
Corn, bush 223.000 217.000
Oats, bush 206,000 336,000
Rye, bush 3.000
Barley, bush ...: 62.000 10.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13%@18c; dairies,
1046 16 c. Cheese, firm, 7%@11%c. Eggs, quiet;
fresh, 9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— ■ Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 165.700 16,330
Duluth "0.061
Milwaukee ILOSO 660
Chicago 106.217 202,753
Toledo 13.804 1.200
St Louis.... 6.000 69,000
Detroit 2.561
Kansas City 8.500 15,500
Totals 386,923 305,443
Tidewater —
Boston 7,917 95,993
New York 53.250 40.32S ,
Philadelphia 12.015 2.077
Baltimore 29.942
New Orleans
Galveston 9,900
Totals 143.0*4 ' 156.39S
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 63 35 59 90
Closing 63 50 60 00
Flour- „
Opening 28 95 27 75
Closing 28 95 27 80
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec
Opening ....7 9% 7 5 7 % 66% 6 6
Closing 79% 76 _ 7 % 66% 6 6
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 24.— CATTLE— In
fairly active demand, the bulk going at $4 40®
6; common dressed beef steers. $3 90@4 15,
choice to prime, $5 0535 40; fed Westerns, $4@5;
stockers and feeders, $3 15@4 85; canners, $2 40@
3; heifers, choice to prime. $3 90@4 70; calves,
prime, $6 60@6 75.
HOGS— lower. Sales were at an extreme
range of $3 72%<g'4, the bulk going at $3 85@3 »5.
Fair to choice hogs, $3 WKg'4; common to choice,
$3 7f.'S3 95; common to good, *3 72%@3 90; pigs.
$2 90®3 85. •
SHEEP AND LAMBS— Strong. Common to
prime sheep, $3 75@4 75; bulk, $4 40@l 70; year
ling sheep. $4 60@5; lambs. $4 50@6 65; spring
lambs were quoted at $7.
Receipts— Cattle, 9500; hogs, 28,000; calves,
400; sheep, 15,000. -
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, March 24.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, official, 4100. Market active, shade
higher; dressed beef steers. $3 65@5 15; range
cattle, up to J4 75; cows and heifers, $2 ivli
4 f,6; load of fancy heifers sold at $5; stockers
and feeders, J3 r.o®s 25; bulls dull and weak.
13 I.VrH; Southern steers, $44?4 35; cows, $2 60©
3 75.
Hi iGS— Receipts, 9SOO. Market active, steady,
5910 c lower; bulk of sales, $3 25tf3 60; light,
$;; 50@3 7"; other grades, $." 65fi3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, official. 3800. Supply of
muttons light, prices strong, ranging from
J3 9094 50; lambs steady to strong, J4 20@5 30,
largely $5 10<fe5 30.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March 24.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2200.
Market steady to strong; native beef steers,
$3 90@5 10; Western steers. $3 76®4 75; Texas
steers. $3 25(55; cows and heifers. $3 15® 1 20;
canners. $2 &'g'3; stockeru and feeders, $3 75®
5 10; calves, 50(§>6 50; bulls, stags, etc., $2 50@
3 75.
HOGS — Receipts. 5800. Market 5c lower;
"heavy, $3 70© 3 77%; mixed, $3 70®3 75; light,
$3 65(83 72%; bulk of pales, $3 70@3 76.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7&00. Market steady; fair
to choice natives. $3 8004 70; fair to choice
Westerns $3 50<g>4 50; common and stock sheep,
$3'<i4; lambs, *4@5 40.
DENVER.
DENVER, March 24.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Market steady to strong; beef steers, $3 50<3>
4 60; cows, $3@4; feeders, freight paid to river,
$4'< M 75; stockers, freight paid, $4@5; bulls,
stags, etc., $2 25^3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 400. Market firm, 5c lower;
light packers, $3 75@3 80; mixed, $3 70<g3 75;
heavy, $3 70®3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 200. Market steady; good
fat muttons, $3 10@4 25; lambs, $4 30@5 25.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. March 24.— There was a full at
tendance at the Wool sales to-day. The selec
tion offered was good. A fair supply of Gee
long creasy sold well and was taken for the
home trade. The number of bales offered was
13 021. Following are the sales In detail:
Now South Wales, 3*oo bales; scoured, 10%dQ>
Is 6%d; greasy, 5%@0%d.
Queensland, 1300 bales; scoured, Is 3%d@
Is sd; greasy, S%@lo%d.
Victoria, 600 bales; scoured, 9d@ls od; greasy,
6'Ad.
South Australia, 400 bales; scoured. Is %d@
Is 4d: greasy, 6@7d.
Tasmania. 100 bales; scoured, 7%@10%d.
New Zealand, 4200 bales; scoured, 6%d(ffla 4d;
greasy. 6<&10%d. :" -v '
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 400 bales;
scoured, lld@ls %d; greasy, 5?;®6%d.
Falkland Islands, 1700 bales; greasy. r.if?SVid.
Punta. Arenas, 100 bales; greasy, 41/£4}6Vid.4 l / £4}6Vid.
Spanish, 100 bales: greasy, 4@5%d.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 2*.— Consols, 111%; silver.
26 1-lfid; French rentes, 103f 37Vsc.
LIVERPOOL. March 24— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California wheat. (8a 3d; cargoes off
coast, less offering; cargoes on passage, nomi
nal, unchanged: English country markets,
quiet; French country markets, firm; wheat
in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, tlrm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-16 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— May, steady. 3s 2Hd; July, steady,
3s 2%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., March 24.— There is a bet
ter feeling in the local wheat market, and.
while no salvs were reported at over 76c to
day there was more demand for Walla Walla
at that figure than on the day previous, with
blue stem and valley steady at 7Sc per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 24.— Wheat firm and %c
higher; No. 1 club, 75^c; No. 1, blue stem,
78M:C.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March 24.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $224,716,922; gold re
serve. $171.b67.761. _
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, March 24.— Cotton quiet;
middling 5Hc.
NEW YORK, March 24.— Cotton quiet; mia
dllng. fi l-16c.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. March 24.— Exchanires,
$189,033; balances, $33,935.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Kxchange. slKht — $4 R2
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 gj
Sterling Cables — 1;
New York Exchange, sight — 1714
Fine Silver, per ounce — s<j
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A falling barometer, which la quite
as likely this season to mean a drying north
wind as rain, depressed future? and the market
was weak all around. There wag no change in
shipping grades. 
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 4^4
@1 43-\ for No 1, $1 45#1 464 tor choice an-i
$1 474@1 50 per ctl for extra choice for mill
ing.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock-May— 2ooo ctls,
$1454; 2000, $1 45V« • 10,000, $145. December
14,000. $1 36V 5.000 $1 364; 36.000, $1 36V
Second Session— December— 2ooo cUs, $1 36\;
22,000. $1 36V May— lo.ooo. $1 45H-
Regular Morning Session--December— 2ooo ctls.
$1 36; 14,000, $1 364- 22.000, $1 36Vi. May— 2ooo
Ctls, $1 44: 4(500. $1 44Vt; 2000. $1 44%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$ 36Vi; 12,000. $1 364; 26.000, $1 36%. May-12,000,
$1 44^; 14,000, $1 44%.
BARLEY— The prediction of possible showers
along the northern coast caused a decline In
both futures and spot grain, as will be seen.
The market was very unsettled.
Feed, $1 174f?fl 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo ctls,
$1 164; 2000. $1 16.
Second Session— December— Booo ctls, $1 12;
2000, $1 11%; 2000, $1 124-
Regular Morninc Session— December— lo,ooo
ctls, $1 114; 2000 $1 11H: 4000, $1 11V, 6000.
$1 11-V May— 4ooo. $1 16V
Afternoon Session— May — 4000 ctla. $1J74;
2000, $1 17; 2000 $1 17V December— lo, "oo, $I*l2^;
2000, $1 124; '4000 $1 12; 6000, $1 114; 12.000,
$1 11IL
OATS— There was nothing: new to report.
Fancy Feed. $1 324 P er ctl: K" 0( l to choice,
$1 2Mf 1 30: common. $1 8891 224: Surprise.
$1 274<S>1 35; red. $1 355J1 4?: gray, $1 20@l 224;
milling, $1 22Vjil 27 1-*1 -* per ctl.
CORN— Dullness still characterizes this mar
ket.
Small round yellow, $1 10<?l 124 per ctl; large
yellow. $1 06\^i 10; white, $1 10@l 124.
RYE— sl 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7&5J1 86 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTLTFFS.
The China steamer took out 10,238 barrels of
Flour.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extraa,
$4 75@4 85: Bakers' extras, $4 50#4 60 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3: Oatmeal, $3 50: Oat Groats, $4;
Hominy, $3 10<g:3 30; Buckwheat Flour. $4;
Cracked Wheat $" 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 25
06 66; in sacks. $5 0696 46: Pearl Barley, $4;
Split Peas, $3 76; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There was less firmness In Hay, owing to
heavier receipts, but there was no decline in
prices. Feedstuffs ranged as before.
BRAN— llfica-lfi :><l per tOB.
MIDDLINGS— SIB^22 r.O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25®26 per
ton; Ollcuke Meal at the mill, S2S 50£>23 50;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50<Sj;22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal. $28^30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23>3
24; Cracked Corn, $23 51)1:24 00; Chopped Feed.
$17@18.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $19923
per ton; Wheat and Oat. $15&22; Oat. $I>6OQ
19 50: Barley $17(i?19: compressed Wheat, $l!t@
22: compressed Oat. $16918; Alfalfa, $11© 13;
stock. $124j'13; Clover. $!'•■( 14.
STRAW— 3S@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are dull and the feeling Is easy.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 7592 '■"': Small Whites.
$1 (691 66; Large WWtes, »1 4091 55; Pinks,
12-2592 40; Reds, $2*2 2.".; Blackeye. $2 40@2 50;
Butters. $1 Wffll 60; Lima?. R©2 124: Pea. $1 40
®1 55; Red Kidneys, $1 85@2 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. V- 7693 P?r ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $2^2 50; Flax. S2 35; Canary
Seed 2>4«2^c per lb; Alfalfa. 3S>6c; Rape,
292% c; Hemp. 3c; Timothy, 54c.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 40®l 65; Green. $1 60
(ill 00 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
A good deal of the Asparagus yesterday was
frozen, something that is seldom seen in this
market, and such stock was sold for little or
nothing or dumped. Good stock was accord
ingly scarce and higher. The other Vegetables
were about the same.
Potatoes have aga.ln declined and are weak.
Onions are largely nominal and easy.
POTATOES- Early Rose. 50®65c: River Reds.
60<ao5c; River Burbanks. 60®60c p«?r sack: Ore
goa Burbanks. 60©90 c; ivuluma Burbanks.
Co'u6oc; Sweet Potatoes, 75C<7$1 for Merced; new
Potatoes, 2c per Ib. -."«_, „_,=,
ONIONS— H 75<&2 50 per ctl ; cut Onions. 50o<®
$1 26 rer sack.
VFGET MlLES— Receipts wore S4S boxes As
paragus 493 boxes Rhuharl. and 36i sacks Peas.
Asparagus 738 c: per lb for fancy. J2 25<f?3 per
box for No 1 and $1 50©8 for No. 2; Rhubarb.
e:>Vjs! 25 per box: Alameda Oraen Peas, 2<fi24c
per lb; Dried Peppers. 6®70 per lb; Dried Okra.
124 - Cabbnge, 6O'«7Sr per ctl: Carrots, 25960 c
per sarTk: Garlic, 5(&54c per lb; Cucumbers, 50c
toll per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, siloed raw. 120 per lb In lots of 25
lbs- sliced desioont."l, 16f?l.«c; granulated raw,
13c- Onions 60c; Carrots, Old, Oc; new. ISc;
Cabbage 30c; Sweet Potatoes, Sue; Turnips,
25c: String Beans, We; Tomatoes. 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens and old Roosters are dull and weak,
but young stock is In active demand and firm.
A car of Eastern sold at $4 75'(i5 for Hens, $S
for young Roosters, $4 25 for old Roosters. $6 50
for Fryers, $5 for Ducks. Il^rl2c for Turkeys.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lOOUC for Gob
blf-r-~ and 12'al3c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12@15c per lb: Geese, per pair, SI 2591 "':
Goslings, $2 iO'iiX: pucks. $4^.". for old and
$G 5008 for young; Hens. $3<i4 50; Roosters.
young S8 50©7 60; Roosters, old. 13 50-34; Fry
ers, {696 60: Broilers. $5 So#6 for large. $3 UNO
4 50 for small: Pigeons, $2®2 25 per dozen for
young and $T 2r.fi 1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Creamery Butter shows easier symptomn.
Eggs are unchanged, but there are heavy
stocks In cold storage. The demand for store
Eggs continues good.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18@19c; sec- i
onds, MOI7HC.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 16£'17c; second :
grades, 14®lSc per It).
Eastern I'.utter— lmitation creamery, 16@16V4c;
ladle-packed. 15016 c per Tb.
CHEESE Choice mild new, SffiOc; common |
to good, 7M.@BHc; Cream Cheddar, 10011 c; I
Touog America, ICOllc; Western, ll®12c; East- i
em, 12*^@13VkC per 11).
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 124@14c per doxen; store
Eggs, 11%©13 C.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Blue reports are coming In from the Peach
and Apricot districts and some report both
wiped out. These are apparently the only
friuts seriously damaged thus far.
Ten baskets of Strawberries from Mountain
View sold at 75c per basket.
All citrus fruits are weak and neglected,
with heavy stocks.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40@50c per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25(gl 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25®
2 25; Seedlings, 50c@Jl; Tangerines, 35(i140c for
small boxes; Lemons. 60&75 c for common and
SI til 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
$4 SO; California Limes, In small boxes, 40©60 c;
Bananas, $1 *Bi#l 25 per bunch; Pineapples,
}3iM per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The market Is completely sta^naiU.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 3?i@
414 c for 40-50' s. 3U@3%c for fiO-60'8. 2>;©3Vic
for 60-70's. 2\i®2%c for 70-S0 I s, l*i"a2Vic for 80
90's, lVi@l%c for 60-100's; Peaches. 2*>4(ii!4c;
fancy. 4%@5c; peeled, 10@12%c: Apricots. s@6c
for Royals and 707% C for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6%@7Uc; sun-dried.
4(gsc; Black Figs, in sacks, 2©2Hc; Plums,
4V6©4%c for pitted and 1(&1Hc for unpitted;
bleached Plums, r>(?ifsV4C; Nectarines, 4(J(5c for
prime to fancy: Pears, 2V44?4V4c for quarters
and 3<ssHc for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— lV4@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3V4c • for four-crown, 4V4c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2*£e.
NUTS — Chestnuts are quotable at Sc ' per
tt>: Walnut?, sf?;6c for hardshell and 6®7c for
softshell: Almonds, 2%i!?3V4c for hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 7(gßc for paper-shell: Peanuts,
4®r.Vic for Eastern and 4V4c for California;
Pecans, 6H<£Bc; Filberts, S'^ifflOc; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per tb; Cocoanuts. J4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. B@loc < for bright and s®7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 4%@
,sc; light amber extracted, 3%@4V«c per It).
PROVISIONS.
There Is little or nothing going on at the
moment.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9 Vic per lb for
heavy, <>atea t c for light medium, 10% c for light.
lie for extra light and 12'/ic for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, !0H@llc; Califor
nia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $'■> per bbl ; extra
mess do. $10; family do. $11@1-: Salt Pork, $3;
extra prime Pork, $10: extra clear, $18; mess.
$16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per Ib
for compound and 7c for pure; pails. T%c:
California tierces 6V>c per lb for compound
and 6>4c for pure; half-barrels, 6%c;10-lb tins,
"hie; do, 5-lb, Be. •
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6H@G?»c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— pails, CO in a case. 83ic;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 In a
case, BVic; 10-lb' pails. 6 In a case. BHc; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. 7%c; fancy tubs. 30 lbs net, "He; half
bbls. about 110 lbs, VAc per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
All articles under this head are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under* the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, We; medium, o@9%c; light. 9c; Cow
hides. Be; stags, or; salted Kip. 9 %c; Calf. 10c;
Cry Hides. lt;<Hl6y.c; culls and brands, 13@13»Ac;
dry Kiji and Veal, - 13%®14%c; dry Calf, 17>4@
19^c; culls, ISc; Goatskin*. / ii37<- each; Kid*.
Bi&lOc; Deerskins, good summer. 25030 c *J>er lb,
medium. 20c: winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20(g30c each; short wool. •. 4o<y>7oc each;
medium, 70@90c; long wools. 90c©$l 30 each.
TAL.LOW— No. 1 rendered. 3@3'4c per lb; No.
2, 2<&2>~c; refined. &c; Grease, - 2<{r2>*c. •
■•■ WOOI^-Fall clip— San Joaquin. defective, 70
9c; Southern Mountain. 9@llc; : fre.) Northern.
12(513c; do, defective. 9<g:llc per lb. s-■:■s -■:■ •
HOPS— crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and 8@
10c for good;' new crop, ll©Uo per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are very weak and In good supply,
though the packers are still paying the top
figure.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, «M.fJ7c; second quality,
sV4@6c; third quality. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. 6@6Vic;- small. 7@7V4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9c: Ewes, SV4@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring:. 10<guic per lb.
PORK— Live Hops,. 4Vif?4%c for large. 4»4e
for small and 4We for medium; stock Hogs.
3@3V&c; dressed Hogs, '6@6Hc.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Baps, nominal: San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle, $8 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend. $7 50; Scotch $10; Cumberland.
$10 in bulk and $11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant . Valley, $9;
Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
QUICKSILVER— Is lower at $36 for export
anil $39 50 for local use.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
ami Fine Crushed, 6?ic; Powdered, B^4c; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners" A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A. !> ! ic: Extra C. EV4c; Golden . C. oc;
Candy Granulated, o%c; California A. 5%c per
It>; half barrels 14c more than barrels, and
boxes He more, -, : ' . '
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday,' March 34.
Flour, qr Bk» ... 6,104 Bran, fks 77
Wheat, ctls ..... 1.490 Middlings, sks .. 110
Barley, ctls 435 1 Hay, tons £01
Oats, ctls 2.980 Wool, bales 22
Corn, ctls 373 1 Pelts, bdls 24"
Cheese, ctls 141 Hides, no 370
Butter, ctls 264 Eggs, 13.550
Tallow, ctls 330 1 Quicksilver, risk. 150
Potatoes, sks ... 2,01.". ! Leather, rolls ... 217
Onions, ska 220 Wine, gals 41.700
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 4. G63 ; Potatoes, ska ... 3,502
Wheat, ctls 2.530 Onions, sks 58
Barley, ctls 3.670 Bran, sks 960
Oats, ctls 3.340
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 3.632 Oats, ctls 940
Wheat, ctls. 6,760 Flaxseed. sks.... 1,505
Barley, ctls 1.47"
■ • ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business in mining stocks was dull yesterday
and prices showed no change worthy of note.
Local securities on the Bond Exchange were
fairly dealt in at about the quotations of the
preceding day, except Hawaiian Commercial,
which sold down to K'-fe.
The Horsefly Gold Mining Company has levied
an assessment of S cents per share delinquent
April 18.
The Anchoria-Leland Mining Company of
Colorado paid a dividend of 1 cent per share,
amounting to $6<XHI, on March 15.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota will pay a monthly dividend of 25 cents
per share, amounting to $31,250, to-day.
An assessment of $10 per share on the capital
stock of the Los Angeles Mining and Stock
Exchange will be delinquent in office March 2S.
The returns from the Alaska-Treadweil mine
in Alaska for February show 23.853 tons of ore
worked, and bullion shipped amounting to $34,
513. Of the bullion 111,068 was obtained from
concentrates (sulphurets) treated by chlortna
tion.
The Siskiyou Consolidated Quicksilver Mining ■
Company of Siskiyou County has levied an as- :
sessment of 1 cent per share, delinquent :
April 26. This company intends to resume
operations in its mine at the head of the West
Fork of Beaver Creek during the coming sum-
The Oakland Consolidated Street Railway
Company the Alameda, Oakland and Piedmont
Electric Railway Company and the Central
Avenue Railway Company have consolidated !
under the corporate name of the Oakland Iran-
Bit Company. ,
In the Savage Mining Company s ground on
the Comstock lode, during the past week, the
main west drift on the 13'i-foot level, wm
cleaned out and repaired a distance of 18 feet;
total lenrth. 438 feet. Brunswick lode— The
main north drift, 600 level, was advanced 16
feef total length, 351 feet; face in porphyry \
and seams of low grade quartz. Incline lsi>. 1
has been sunk a distance of lb feet; total
depth, 1140 ieet; bottom In porphyry.
The strong flow of water coming from the
face of the Joint Confidence, Challenge Con- ;
sollilated and Consolidated Imperial west cross- :
cut No 1 from the surface tunnel has caused
very little progress to be made during the past
week The men have been chiefly engaged In
repairing the crosscut and in taking care of the
water. The surface tunnel is now In f>3u feet
from the south line of the Consolidated Im
perial mine, having been advanced 6 feet dur- :
lr.g the past week; the face is in quartz of no |
Crown Point mine the Joint Belcher-
Crown Point north drift from the top of the :
Joint upraise on the 830 level is now out 34
fec-t having been extended 14 feet during the
week; the face Is in quartz giving low a-seays. .
In the Belcher mine, on the So'i level, tne ,
joint work with the Crown Point Mining Com
pany continues. There was hoisted from
Belcher ground during the past week and
stored in the orehouse at the mine G4 mining
carloads of ore, the average assay value of
which, according to car samples was $1. 33 per ,
ten There was shipped to the Brunswick mill ,
during the same period 393 tons and 1920 pounds
Of accumulated ore. This ore is being reduced
and the full returns will be given as soon as
received from the mill.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 9 carloads of ore, the aver- ,
age anay value of which, per car samples. :
was *21 67 per ton. There is no change in the
condition of the mine, the work on the north
drift opening on the 900 level going on as
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: The winze started at the ,
end of the southeast drift has been sunk n
feet following the ore reported in the weekly
letter of the Ist lnst. This ore extends acroM
the winze and show? a width of 2 feet. We
have hoisted H4 tons of ore from this streak,
the car samples of the same averaging $4.s 68
per ton. In sinking the winze on this ore we
encountered a new streak of rich ore on the
■outll side of the winze, on the hanging wall, ;
anil alongside of the above-mentioned ore upon
Which we wore sinking. This streak of ore does
not extend across the winze, and for this rea
■on very little of it has been extracted or
hoisted. It varies In width from 14 to 10 inches
and gives an average assay value of: Gold,
$35,6 13; silver. $149 70; total. $805 S3 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 24—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 44 46
Is quar c0up.. 112 — Pac Gas Imp.. S7 88
4s quar reK..ll!) — Pac LCo 52 54
is quar new.. 121% — S F G & E.. S9 89»i
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3*«
Cal-st Cab 55.1i4%116 Stock Gas 10 15
Cal El 68 12* Vi — Insurance—
C C Wat 65...102 M! — Flrem's Fund. l9s —
Dup-st ex c. — 98 1 * Hank Stocks—
B L *. V 6.0..125H — Anglo-Cal .... — 66
F & Ry 65. 114 119 Hank or Ca1. .247 2..0
i Oeary-st X ss. — 102 i'al SI) 4 T.. — 104
II C& S 5>£..100 105 First Nat ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... —
Do gntd 65.. 95 100 Mer Exchange — 15
Mnrket-st 65..127 — " Nev Nat 8.. .155 161
Do Ist M 55.114 114% Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6k Ist— 100 ;er S £• L..1623 1663
N' C Ng Ry 75.1024 — • Hum S & L.10.~.0 1160
NRy Cal »\3..lini — Mutual Say. 35 40
V Ry ial 85..10t% — "■■ S..F Say U.. 455 500
NPC R R 65.104% — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC R R 55. 101 — Security S B 230 : —*•
I N Cal R f>s.. — — ' Union T Co. 1000 —
' Oak Gas 55... 100 — Street Railroad—
Do 2d Is 55.. — 112 California ....107%109
! Om Ry 6s — 129*1 Geary liL-H.,
; p & C) fis 110 — Market-st .... 52*!4 53%
P & Ch Ry 6s. — 112 I Presidio 4% 10
Powell-st 6s ..117 120 Powder—
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....120 laO .
Sac Fl'-cßv's. — 100 B Dynamite... 84 • —
8 F & N P Ss.M6%M«V4 Oiant Con Co. 42 - 421.;
S I 1I 1 of Ar 65..104Vi1 '5 Vlgorit — » 3V»
R P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous— ;j-;
■"PC Is eg 55.. — 99ii Al Pac Assn.. — • 99'
I P-Br 6s 113*4 — Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
8 V Wat* 65... — H'^i Hana P C 0... — 20 ►
S-V Wat 45...102%103',i H C & S Co.. 28% 29H
Stock Gas 65.. - 103% Hutch S P Co. 46% —
Watei— • Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 55 62 Nat Vln C 0... — -7%
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 57% 58
Snrlnir Va1.... - 100% Pac A F L... IV4 —
Gas & Electric- Pac Bor C 0... 97% -
Tent' Gaslight. 98Mi - Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL. Co — 13%
' Morning Session." iv
COO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 75
300 do do 930 30 50
'900 do do " 8 30...... .:......■ 30 37%.
1000 do do 830 30 25
ISO do do . — 30 3,^,
100 do do ••••• :•• 30 25
7.'. Hutchtnson S P Co 46 ;,0
100 do do 46 62H
80 Market-street Railway 53 00
• 60 Giant Powder Con 42 00
50 do do •• « li
CO Oceanic Steamship Co 67 o
■ Afternoon Session.
20 S F Gas & Electric C 0...... .....89 00
107 do do •••• "9 25
5 Spring Valley Water .....100 75
75 Hutchlnson S P C 0... .46 50
175 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 12%
25 do do • 30 00
50 do do 29 50
25 do do , 29 25
60 do do 29 00
25 do do 2S 50
35 Pacific Gas Imp S3 00
$3000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 75
20Callfornla-street R H.. 10S 60
INVESTMENT BOARD.
% ; Morning Session.
30 Spring Valley Water 101 12H
20 S F Gas. & Electric .;...... 89 25
20 Market-street :............ 53 25
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 67 i*
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 62%
100 do do • 46 50
; Afternoon Session.
20 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 00 ,
25 3 F Gas & Electric 89 37%
66 do do • 89 25
60 Giant Powder ....:... .......'........... 42 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial ' & ' Sugar ....... 30 25 " •
220 do do . "-' ...:........ 30 37%
100 Spring Valley Water ......100 57%
50 Market-street R Co " 5 ? 00 .
$7000 Spring Valley Water 4s 102 62H-
Street— ". .-.-.. - ■
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 2o
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
, ■ Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 31 1 100 33
200 Con Lai & Ya.. . 79:200 Sierra Nevada.. 150
"00 Gould & Curry.- 19 . 200 Standard 1 6i
50 Potosl 40|100. 170
Afternoon Session.
100 Chollar- 48 600 43
40 con Cal & Va.. 77 1 10.. 40
JO 79 200 Potosl M
200 Occidental 2 65 300 Sierra Nevada.. l 55
50 Ophir '44 100 Union Con 41
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta 30! 100 Occidental ...2 62V?
400 Belcher 23 100 Ophir 44
300 Best & Belcher 32 200 43
400 31 i 200 45
£00 Bullion 10 250 Potosi 40
300 hollar « 500 S B & M 03
COO Con Cal & Va.. 79 300 Sierra Nevada.. l 50
400 'i 500 1 12+:
200 Crown Point ... 24 300 145
200 Gould & Curry-, 19 200 155
500 20 • 300 Standard 175
200 H & N 1 32 v i !200! 200 Union Con 42
100 Mexican 33 500 Utah 12
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 11 200 Ophir 44
200 Belcher 24 200 Potcsl 40
500 Best & Belcher 31 300 Savage 25
200 Bullion 11 400 Sierra Nev ...152' 2
500. 10 400 :■. 155
200 Chollar 48 200 160
300 Con ("a: A Va.. 78 200 1 62H
300 Gould & Curry.. 19 900 1 65
200 20 400 Union Con 41
100 Occidental 270 200 Yellow Jacket... 2S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. March 24—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Justice — 28
Alta 16 17 Kentuck 02 04
Andes 10 12 Lady Wash .. — 03
Belcher 22 24 Mexican 33 34
Bentpn — , 25 Occidental 2 65 2 75
Best & Belcher 30 31 Ophir 43 45
Bullion 10 11 Overman 09 10
Chollar 47 49 Potosi 39 40
Con Cal 6t Va. 78 SO Savage 24 26
Challenge 27 2S Seg Belcher .. 03 05
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion 05 —
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. l 60 165
Crown Point .. 23 24 Silver rlill .... 02 03
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate .. — 05
Eureka — 23 Standard ......I 75 —
Exchequer 04 06 Union Con ... 41 42
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Utah 11 12
Hale & Norcrs.l 30 140 Yellow Jacket. 2S 29
Julia 01 02
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Prlscilla V. Biddick v.abbs) to George J.
Anderson, re-record 1744 d 371, lot on S line of
Oak street. 110 E of L«una, X 27:6 by S 120;
(6000.
Bessy Linnehan to Isabella Linnehan, lot on
NX corner of Sacramento and Locust streets,
E 137 :« by N 127:5 l «; $10.
Mrs. M. E. Nichols to William M. Moulton,
lot commencing 25 S from SW corner of Parker
avenue and McAllister street. Si 27:34 by \V
10); $10.
Mary V. Thomas to same, lot on SW corner
of Parker avenue and McAllister street, S 52:31*
by W 100; $10.
Margaret Holihan to Bridget Holihan, lot on
S line of Twenty-fourth street, Ti E of Ala
bama, E 27 by S 104- $10.
Roger and Kate Donohue to Bridget Nasn,
lot on E line of Alabama street. 272:6 S of
Twenty-fifth, S 27:6 by E 100; $10.
Edward M. and Annie B. Long to William
Miller lot on S line oi Twenty-fifth street,
264:1 W of church, W 25:11 by S 114; $10.
Harriet A. Washington to Jane Trubody, lot
on E line of Powell street, 93:6 N of Greenwich,
N 22, by E 137:, reserving life estate; $10.
Jacob Harms to Christina M. Harms, lot on
W line fit Michiran street, 370 N of Twenty
second (.Sierra V N 63, W SS, S 33, SW 32 :S, E
6S' also lot on \V line of Indiana street. 50 S
of Yolo, S 25 by W 100; gift.
Solomon and Dora Getz to J. P. Gallagher,
tot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 2fio S of
J street S 50 by E 120; also lot on W line of
Thirtieth avenue, 200 S of 1 street, S 25 by
vV 120; $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Arthur
William Kennett. lot on E line of Forty-nth
avenue, 150 S of J street, S 50 by E 120; JlO.
Jacob H and Dura Neustadter to Ponunlck
F Roberts, lot on W line of Forty-seventh
avenue M 0 S of R street. S 100 by \V 240; $10.
Annie Hendry to William J. Neary, lot on W
line of Twenty-seventh avenue. 250 S of R
street. S 50 by \V 120; $10.
C H and Rizpah Phillips to Richard A.
Donald, lot 4. blook 42. Sunnyside; $10.
J. B. Lee (by R. I. Whelan. sheriff) to J. B.
Batten lot on \V line of Verna street. 3b.6S b
of Thirty-third. S 60 by W 100, block 130, Sun
nyside Addition No. 1; $245.
John and Sophie K. ltruckman to Margaret
E. Killean. lot on B line of Harvard street.
150 N of Bacon. N 60 by E 120, lot 6. block 103,
University Homestead; $10.
Martin Bulger to James K. Bulger, re-record
1766 d 335. lot on S line of Visltacion street. 134
VY of Milllran. W 134 by S 276. also lot on N
line of Tobin street. 134 W of Miliiken. W 134
by N 276, lot 11. Vlsitacion Valley Homestead
Association; $2000.
Alameda County.
Eliza W. and Charles B. Morgan to Charles
H. Jonas, lot on N line of Twelfth street, 100
E of Brush, E 1:6 by N W. Oakland: »i».
Elizabeth J. Eaton to Charles H. . Eaton, - lot
on MV corner of Wheeler and streets,
\V 66.79 by N 105. being lot , 13, block D,
amended map of the eastern portion of -New
bury Tract, Berkeley: gift.
Palmyre Peres (wife of L. Peres) to Sarah
Welll, lot on NW corner of Market and West
Fourteenth streets, N 10 by \V 250. Oakland;
■Charles H. and Josephine E. Jonas to Ferdi
nand Koenlg. lot on M line of Twelfth street,
67 50 E of Brush. E 2:6 by N 100; $10.
William C. Hlldebrandt and Max Posner to
Charles H. and Margaret Kuckß, lot on SW
line of Fifth street. 50 E of Myrtle, E £0 by
S 109, block 482, Oakland; $10.
Emelle W. Salsbury and Louise Campbell to
Lee S. Kelley, lots 12 and 15. Salsbury ana
Campbell Subdivision of block A, Oakland
Heights Tract, Oakland (quit-claim deed); $10.
M C Theilmann et al. (by commissioner) to
J. A. Christie, lot on E line of Chester street,
Cf.o N of Eighth, N 50 by E 125, Oakland;
A.' M. and Mary C. Benham, W. R. and
Ellen L. Thomas to T. F. Davis, lot on N\N
line of Sixth avenue, 50 SW of East Seven
teenth street, SW 50. ICW 100, NE 31, SB 18:8.
NE 16 SE 4:4, NE 3. SE 72 to beginning, block
82. Clinton. East Oakland; $10. jr' «■
George •S. and Elizabeth M. Haly to Sarah
M. Morken. lots 2. 3 and 4. Buena Vista Ter
race. Haywards. Eden Township; $10.
Minerva Webb to Carrie W. Badgley (wife
et W O. Badgley), lot on SW line of East
Twenty-second street, 100 SE of Ninth avenue.
SE 50. SW 100. NW 25. NE 45, NW 25, thence
Do to beginning, block 131, Brenan estate prop
erty. East Oakland: $10.
Robert F. Davis to Delia A. Davis, lot 4,
block F. Doe Tract. Oakland annex; also lot
32, block E, Claremont-a venue Tract, same;
tzlft ■ ■ ■-•■".' • " '
h! C Wilson (by Sheriff) to F. W. Fratt,
lot on SE corner of College avenue and Ver
non street, NE 54C. SE IX. SW 679.30. NW 362
to beginning, being lots 5 to 7. block U, V er
non Park. Oakland Township; $4000.
Daniel D. Francisco to Martha A. Stirling,
lot on E line of Prospect avenue, 70 N of East
Eighteenth street, N 70 by E 110, being lots 3
and 4. block E, Daly Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift.. , ■■ ■ '
Builders' Contracts.
Catherine Hoch (owrt^r) with C. Ferris (con
tractor); architect, Jules Godart. Excavating,
trenches, grading, brick work, cementing, con
crete and cast and wrought Iron work, chim
neys and fireplaces for a 3-story frame building
with brick basement on S line of Jackson
street, 112:6 E of Polk. E 25 by S 127:SV«; $1050.
Same with W. J- Field (contractor); archi
tect, same. Carpenter, mill. stair, glass and
glazing work, roofing, tinning, galvanized, cast
and wrought Iron work, brnss work, lathing,
plastering and rough hardware, etc., for same
on same; $1175.
Lewis Gerstle (owner) with Edward Letter
(contractor); architect. Edgar A. Mathews. All
work for a double house or residence divided
into 2 sections. 2-story, basement and attic, on
NW corner of Oough and California streets, N
127:6 by WTW T 75; J25.057.
Charlotte L. Onshwller (by Jared H. Irvine,
agent) owner with Charles F. Sheibley (con
tractor): architect. J. T. Kldd. Alterations
and additions to a 3-story brick building on E
line of Kearny street, 37:6 N of Pine, N 100 by
E 68:'J; $1154.
If butter and milk are kept In the re
friKer^tor with other foods, keep them
tightly covered, as they absorb odors
and soon become unfit for use if allowed
to come in contact with other foods.
THB CALX C'.i-ENDAB.
March. IS9S.
Mo
Tu. We
1 2
8 j 0
IS IS
IT 2S
29 i 50
Th.
*
Fr.
4
11
I
So. Moon's Phases.
5 <C?i Full Moon, I
W Mar 8.
13 ■
,79- Last Quarter
13 *& Mar. U.
~Z~ iT\ New Moon,
—<P Mar. 22.
-m First Quarter
JP Mar. M.
14
21
28
I 24
31
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, March
24. IS9S.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, V. 8. N., In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydroarraphlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are corilally Invited to visit the
office' where complete sets of charts and sali
ne directions of the world are kept on hand
or comparison and reference, and the latest
.nformation can always he obtained regarding
ichts, dangers to navigation and all matters
n'f interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
-raph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by "elegraphlc signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Man
whether the time ball was
SBISLd-r-^ 2 ? * T*7- a'4r oo'n'
Papers, and by A™ morning Uer^th^fo.low-
' n8 day ' Lieutenant. U. S. "x.. In charge.
fi ON. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Witers at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Ba\- Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The hisrh and* low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharO about
twenty-five minutes later than at I- ort Point.
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAKi.H-lsJv
■ Friday. March 25.
Sunrises I! ,i
Sun sets ■;,■■' m
Moon seta 10:12 r._M-
>! Tlmf " ! Fee ! TTmo ' peet ! Tim* ' Feet | Time ■ peet
SiH Wi L Wi !H Wl It, Wl
■2i~0:45| 5.2 1 TTiV 0.4 1 2:U 4.7 7:011 2.»
2t! 1:15 5.0 8:11 0.4 3:15 3.9 7:34 3.0
27 1:49 «.!< 9:OS O.H 4:33 3.« 8:10 3.3
2S . 2:22 4.7 10:01 0.7 6:10 3.7 9:12 3.5
'.".I 3:06 4.!> 11:02 0 8 7:35 3.» 10:.'4 3.T
30 4:«9 4.2 12:1)0 (VJ S:IC- 4.1
LWH\V L W H W
31 1 0:14 3.6 6:3!) 4.1 12:51 0.91 8:42 4.»
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tn«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on trm
United States Coast Survey charts, exce^ i
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the he.
and then the number Riven Is subtractive fro.
the depth given by the charts. The plane "i V
reference Is the mean of th^ lower low waters. V
STEAMEIIS TO AnHIVB.
iiji-ncui
omcr
'eUlncton
rc.ua
omona.
imna
mplra
r'nshtenaw
rojrroso .... •
'alia W'aila...
oiutnoia
orth Forte
reeott
lAlaska .
Hiimbodlt
Departure Bay
Coos Bay „ 
San Ihesro.... ...-
iHumboldt
Coos Bay.. •
Tacoma.
Seattle ........
I Victoria and P.usret Sna.. .
| Portland
[ Hiimooiat
Humboldt
I Panama
1 China and Japan
Nanatmo
Alaska
San Dleso
Honolulu
I Newport
i Portland
I Mar 25
Mar 25
I Mar 24
Mar 25
Mar 38
Mar W»
Mar 21
Mar 3*
Mar 2*
Mar 28
Mnr 23
Mar -.'8
Mar 29
Mar 29
Mar 29
Mar 29
Mar 30
Mar 30
Mar II
Apr I
Apr 1
KB Bias
eru .
ltanla ...
'umooldr
nnta Rosa....
ealandla
oos Bay
late ot Cat —
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Dkstinationj
Sails.
alencla...l AlnsKa I Mar 25, 2 pm
oos Uav.. i Newport Mar 2ii, 9 am
tate of Car Portland Mar »>. 10 am
ltyPueblaiVlc& Pet SnaiMar 27. 10 am,
Lomor IHunibolat.... JMar 27. 10 av|
.rcat.i | Coos Bay Mar .B. 10 a m
omona iSan Diepo Mar '-'3. 11 am
olon iPanama M.ir 28. n m
amoa I Humboldt .... Mar B.IAM
olumbta. i Portlana Mar ;»0. 1U am
[ortn PorkJHumboidt.... |Mar :n. 9 am I
|Humt)luc bay. Mar 31, :>am|
am:i Rosa i San Diesro — Apr I.llam
lumDoMt. .Uaska Apr 1,
yalla Wlla Vie & P Sound ! Apr 1.10 am
Pier 7
Pier II
Pier 24
Pier 9
I Pier 9
I Pier IS
Pier II
PM S3
Pier's*
I Pier 2
I Pier 13
j Pier 11
I Pier 9
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. ..'
Thursday. March 24.
U S stmr Monadnock, Whiting, 3 days from
Sail Diego. . ,"■, "■ ; -■
0 ■ S stmr Monterey, • Adams, 3 days from
San DleKO.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 54 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports. "'.'■•-
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, 76 hours from New
port.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 77 hours from
Cornox.
■ Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 16 hours from
Mendocino.
Schr Barba Hernster, Jensen, 20 hours from
Fort Bragg. •
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, 36 hours from
Fort Bragg. • ■ ■ -• ■-•>'■*,
Schr S Danlelson, Arff, 40 hours from Men
docino. • ' - '.
Sloop yacht Impossible, Markin, 20 days from
San ' Diego. ' • ■•"•.': •'■ . ' .
Schr Abble, Anderson,' 4 "days from "'Grays
Harbor. "■ ' * "'" '
CLEARED. ~; V:\~i~ •
}..;-;. Thursday, March 24.
Stmr Aleut, Morley, Labasha Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn. '. ■
Stmr Royal, Moller, Seattle; Alaska Packers'
Assn.
Ship Susquehanna, Laffin, New York; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bark J D Peters, Townsend, Cooks Inlet; F"ao
Steam Whaling Co. -FT
Bktn W H Dimon. Nielsen, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Winchester, Huhs, codflshlng; Alaska
Codfish Co.
SAILED.
'/ r,'.'. Thursday, March 24.
Stmr Cleone, . Walvlg, Mendocino. ..." 'V
* Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Gipsy, Lelnnd. 24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Royal. Moller. -Seattle.
Stmr Weeott, Miller, Crescent City.
Ship George Scolfleld, Marshall, La bash*
Bay.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Marlon, Genereaux.
Schr Mary Etta, | Nyman, Flsks Mill.
Schr Corinthian. Korth, Bowens Landing.
Schr Winchester, "uhs. codflshtng.
fchr Jennie Stella, Krebs, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr La Chllena, Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr Bertie Minor. Ravens, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March ,24 10 p. Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Annie Larsen loads lumber at Port
Blakeley for Suva, Flgl, 60 s; Zampa, lum
ber 1 at Grays Harbor for Guaymas.
SPOKEN.
Fob «— Lat 29 S. long 22 W, Ger ship Adolf,
from Portland, for Queenstown.
Jan 21— Lat 30 S, lung 24 W. Br ship Atns
dale, from Port Los Angeles, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— SaiIed March 24— Schr Ameri
can Girl, for San Francisco; schr -Bertha Dol
beer, for Trinidad: stmr -Laguna, for Hueneme.
COOS Arrived March 24— Stmr Empire
hence March 21. • ••' ...
PORT LOS . ANGELES— March 24—
Stmr Greenwood, from Greenwood.
EUREKA— Arrived March :4— Stmr North
Fork, hence March 23. *z~i\, ■".
PORT BLAKELEY — Sailed March 24— Schr
John A Campbell, for Newport.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 24— Stmr Colum
bia, hence March 222. «_ .
Sailed -March 24— Schr Laura May, ror San
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 24— Schr Corona
from Tacoma. - l% " -■"- ''•- • '■_ '. ■ w-
SAN PEDRO— March 24— bcnr F"rea
E Sander, from Tacoma. . : *; ; ■' ■:_
Sailed March 24-Schr Maweena. for Seattle. ,
NEEDLE ROCK— March 24— btmr
Newsboy, hence March 22. . 9i_c~uJ
PORT * GAMBLE— Arrived March 24— Sch-v
CXC X? fßEKknU,uledf REKk n U,uled March 24-Stmr Homer. fo V
Sa a C NGELE -In bay March 24-Shlp \
Glory of the Seas, hence March 5, ror >.a- 1
nalm'o; schr Hera, from Seattle, *"* -j-. »
SAN DIEGO— March 24— Ur S stm
Pinta, hence March 19.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Feb 27— ship Mlstley
Hall, for Oregon; Br ship Semantha, for Port
A NAPLES-Arrived March 23— Br stmr Teen
kciix^ulvEN-Pa .ed March 24-Br ship EB-kasoniE B 
kasoni from Portland, for Queenstown.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed March 24— ship
Loch' Llnne. hence Nov 6. for Qneenstnwn.
DUBLlN— Arrived March 23— Ital ship F S
q OUKENSTOWN— Arrived March : 24— Br shin
British Commodore, from Tacoma/ and sailed
for. Limerick. ' .  ' ..
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 24— Br bark
Bowman B Law. from Astoria. . '
DUNKlßK— Arrived March 24— Nor. ship Hi
awatha, from Astoria.
PANAMA— Arrived March 7— Stmrs Costa
Rica and San Jose. ■ from Champerico. .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March' 20— Stmr City
of Peking, hence March 3. . . . .
BARRY— Arrived March 22— Br ship Largle
more, hence Oct 22; Br ship Monkbarns, from"
Portland.
BRlSTOL— Arrived March 23— ship Simla
hence Oct 24.
HAVRE — Arrived March 23— Br ship Cap*
York, from Tacoma; Ger ship Robert Rickmers
from Tacoma. . . • .
HONGKONG— March 23— Br stmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver.
Palled March 23— Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro
for Snn Frnnrl?co, via Honolulu. '
KINS ALE— Passed March • 23— Br bark Bow
man B Law, from Portland, for Queenstown
THANH- ATLA'NTir STRA M KP.S
NAPLES — Sailed March 24— Stmr Victoria
for New York. March 24-Stmr HavW '
< HERBOI'RG-Sailed March 24— Stmr Havel
for New York. - ■ - .- . -
NEW YORK-Salled March 24-Stmr Nor!
mannla, for Hamburg. ..
. HAMBURG— Arrived March 24^-Stmr Patrla.
from New York. • ; 7»<*^ ™*
wafk^^m^rYor^ • 24 Stmr Mi —
la^y^m°^lTp^ Maroh 2+ - stmr ™-
QrEENSTOWN-Arrived March 24-Stmr
Brittanic. from New York mr
Sailed March ?4-Stmr Belgenland. for Fhllft
delphla; stmr Teutonic, for New York.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
EDGAR INDORSED
BY PRINCIPALS
Playing Marbles for K.eeps
Is Declared to Be
Gambling.
County Superintendent of
Schools Garlick. Is
Pleased.
J. VV. McClymondg Micjht Segregate
the Camb ers From the
Others.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, :
908 Broadway, March 24. |
"Shall playing marbles 'for keeps' be |
permitted by the School Department?" ]
Buch is the query now being made by the i
more advanced educators. The spring,
•with kite Hying and marble playing,
is here and the conscientious principal
Is compelled to face the serious question
above propounded.
George Edgar of the Niles schools
.brought forth a storm of indignation
When he ruled that there should be no '
"keeps" played on his grounds. In order
to fortify himself he addressed one of the
highest of school authorities. This is the
answer he received:
State Normal School, San Jose, Cal., March 5,
UM.
Mr. George Edgar. Niles. Cal.— My Dear Sir:
Too ask me whether I consider playing mar- '
bles for "keeps" should be permitted on the
school grounds. My opinion Is that such prac
tice should not be permitted. First, because
the boy who wins the marbles gets something ■
for which he renders no equivalent. Second.
because it undoubtedly cultivates a desire to
Indulge In games of chance for the purpose of
rain.
This Is a troublesome question, as It is so ;
common in California, and so many persons,
■who have not considered its tendency, fre- j
quently look upon It as being harmless.
Children should play such games for the j
satisfaction that comes from the acquirement i
of skill and the pleasure of winning without ;
other stimulus. A. H. RANDALL, I
Principal . State Normal School.
He was not to be satisfied and ad- !
dressed others at the same time. Both
the above and the following were fully in
accord with his idea and he feels greatly
pleased to know that he is thus sustained.
The question of right and wrong is forci- |
bly pointed out in each of these responses, ;
but it is admitted that the wrong does
exist.
State Normal School, San Jose, Cal., March 5, '
ISSS.
Mr George Edgar, NUes, Cal.: Getting
something from another for nothing always has
a bad effect on character. Playing marbles for
"keeps 1 ' seems to me to be morally equivalent
to gambling In stocks and buying lottery tickets
— things that are utterly condemned by all j
clear thinkers.
I recognize, of course, that upright, manly ',
boys are frequently found playing marbles
for "keeps" simply because they and the com- !
munity in which they live have not seen the
problem clearly. R. S. HOLWAY,
Vice Principal State Normal School.
The County Superintendent approves of '■
Mr. Edgar's views and indorses his order :
forbidding the playing of marbles "for ;
keeps," hence there is no danger ahead
for him in this direction. Mr. Garlick's
letter reads:
Office of Superintendent of Public Schools, i
Alajneda County, Oakland, March 4. i
1818.— Mr. George Edgar. Principal of the i
Niles School:
Dear Mr. Edgar: Yours of March I. IS9S, at ;
hand. Your views and mine, on the subject of
playing marbles for "keeps," are in perfect
accord. I never permitted this came In any
Bchool I have ever taught. I think you are ;
perfectly right to disapprove It. and it is ■
within your authority to forbid it. In your .
- school. Very sincerely yours, ■'■ : •■ ■ '.
J. P. GARLICK.
The City Superintendent of Schools was
asked his opinion on this question to
day. He was not quite so outspoken as \
the others on the question. He said:
I would not absolutely forbid the boys to .
play for keeps, but I would discountenance ,
their doing bo as much as possible. I believe
that absolutely prohibiting the game will have
a tendency to cause the boys to practice de- i
ception, and this is something that should be :
guarded against.
In case the craze should break out too strong
ly among the boys, I might consider it ad- i
visable to segregate those who played for ;
keeps from the others. But In my experience j
this has never been necessary.
I consider the game of marbles one of skill,
though it may have a tendency to develop a |
gambling spirit among the boys, and for that
reason I believe that it should be discounten
anced. __^ _
A PISTOL PRESSED
AGAINST HIS HEAD
1
W. C. Westmay's Early Morn
ing Battle With a Daring
Burglar.
Aroused Fronr. His Sleep by a Flash
From the Robber's Dark
Lantern.
OAKLAND, March 24.— TV. C. Westmay,
Bteward of the steamer China, living on
Locksley avenue, had an exciting fight
■with a burglar early yesterday morning.
Westmay was awakened by the flash of
a dark lantern In his face, and as he
awoke he was commanded to remain
quiet at the peril of his life. The threat,
however, was unheeded, and Westmay
sprang out of his bed and grappled with
the intruder. The burglar dropped his
lantern and Westmay and his assailant
rolled over and over on the floor of the
bedroom, each striving for the mastery.
"Westmay s.outed for help, hoping to be
able to hold the man until assistance,
attracted by the noise, should arrive. In
the struggle the burglar managed to draw
his pistol, and pressing the muzzle of the
weapon against the side of Westmay's
head threatened to shoot If he was not
released. Westmay was at the burglar's
mercy and he lot the man go. The rob
ber maUe his escape.
Agler Looks Over the Field.
OAKLAND, March 24.— James Agler
the newly appointed superintendent of the
western division of the Southern Pacific
railroad, formerly filled by the late A. D.
Wilder, arrived last evening with his wife
and i3-year-o.d daughter. This morning
he was Introduced at the pier by Assist
ant Joseph Thompson. After lunca a trip
was made to the yards, where he mot
Master Mechanic McKenzie and the other
heads of departments. He stated that the
twenty-minute morning and evening fer
ry service upon the broad-gauge system
was sure to come soon. He will reside in
this city.
Haywards Candidates.
HAYWARDS, March 24.— The time for
filing nominations for the town election
to be held April 11 expired last evening
and the following are the names that will
be on the ticket: For Trustees (five to be
elected)— John Hoar, Fred Russell, T. S.
Lee, C. Van Dyke, A. S. Jones, Dr. H. A.
Powell For Town Clerk— J. A. Collins
(incumbent). M. Templeton. For Marshal
— W. J. Ramage. Fred Silva. For Library
Trustee— E. O. Bennett, Charles Allen, G.
Loyne. R. Reed. J. J. McDonald. For
Treasurer— A. E. Fisher. There were no
conventions held, and all the nominations
were made by petition.
Insurance War at an End.
OAKLAND, March 24.— 1t is reported
that the insurance wax is ended and that
there will be no more cutting of rates by
Insurance companies. The local board of
underwriters is said to have brought
about a settlement of differences, and the
hatchet that chopped down rates is at
least temporarily buried.
The agreement was not made until this
rr.orning, when terms entirely satisfac
tory to ail the agents were made.
A FAILING OF
THE FAMILY
Mayor Thomas Figures in
a Loan From Chief
Fair.
Borrowed a Hundred Dollars,
but Paid Back Every
Cent.
A Gold Mine and Jealousy Break Up
the Municipal Commercial
Combine.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 2-1.
At last the secret is out.
The peculiar condition of affairs at the
City Hall is all explained. The business
of governing the city is no longer con
ducted on the family plan. The family
baa fallen out, and as families when they
fall out are like the rogues in parables,
something has come to light, which is \
enlightening.
There has been more "borrowing."
The latest development, however, is a :
change from the old order of things. It
is not a "business transaction" of Harry
Thomas' this lime. It is a little "borrow" ;
that the Mayor made some time ago. And
he made It from Chief Fair.
"Yes, it is true that I borrowed $100
from the chief of the Fire Department,"
said Mayor Thomas to-day, "and it is
surely a legitimate transaction. I paid
it back, too."
This is the latest link in the chain of
events bearing on the City Hall admin
istration that has come to the knowledge
of the Grand Jury. The loan orginally
asked is said to have been JiioO, but Fair
had no ready cash and he had to make
a loan to oblige the Mayor, and so the
story got to tne grand inquisitors as a
side light to something else.
Another little link taat has bound the
crowd together is the common craze for
gold winning. Some firemen who have
lately been found de trop "for the good
of the department" have hinted that if
they had purchased some stock in gold
mines they would have been luckier.
Mayor Thomas indignantly denied this
afternoon that there is a particle of truth
in the rumor.
The mine referred to is the "Endeavor"
gold mine, which was organized June 22
last year. Its capital stock is $100,000, at
$1 per share. The organizers were D. P.
Hocking, 20,000 shares; Charles E. Lloyd,
Chief of Police, 15,000; Mayor Thomas,
?;;;:; A. M. Benham, the Mayor's partner,
8233; K. A. Hughson, of the firm of Ben
ham & Thomas, 8334.
But now these political and commercial
partnerships that have been blended with
municipal government are rent assunder,
and no one dare venture a guess of what
may follow.
The Mayor declares the Chief of Police
has ignored him by taking the "H. W, T."
letter asking Officer Hammerton for a
"loan" of $100 to City Attorney Dow in
stead of to him (the Mayor). Chief Fair
is smarting under the significance of the
resolution passed by the board two weeks
ago, instructing that the "Chief" and
"First Assistant" of the fire department
do not patronize saloons when on duty.
And Harry Thomas has spread dlssen- :
sion everywhere.
■ m ■
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAJSTD. March 24.— Dr. R. T. Strat
ton announced to-day that J. H. Moffett,
who killed his wife and then attempted to
kill himself, had passed the critical stage
and can be taken to prison within a week. ;
Mrs. Heinold has filed her answer to J.
M. Hfinold's suit for divorce on the '
ground of desertion and makes a cross- '
complaint, charging him with extreme '
cruelty, intemperance and threats against
her life. She also seeks alimony and a i
portion of his property, that is valued at
$10,000.
Mrs. Katherine Morris was granted a ,
divorce from B. Y. Morris to-day, and the I
custody of the only child. $50 alimony un
til she marries again, counsel fees of $100
and $24 costs.
Judge Greene to-day upheld the Moss
trust and rendered a decision, which gave
J. Mora Moss Jr. and Alfred Moss $20,000. j
as half of the trust created by their uncle,
J. Mora Moss.
STRUCK SPEECHLESS BY FRIGHT,
Mrs. F. H, Todd, Who Lost the Use of Her Voice
Twice Within Six Months.
For the second. time within six months Mrs. F. H. Todd of Alameda was
stricken dumb on Park street of the suburban town on *: Tuesday last.
About four months ago while on a yachting* excursion on " the : Sacramento
' River with a party of friends the pleasure-boat in which Mrs. Todd was a
" passenger sustained an accident, the mast of the yacht being carried away
in a gale. The fright under which Mrs. Todd suffered at the time rendered
her speechless, and It was weeks before she recovered the use of her vocal
organs. Tuesday, while walking along the street, a sudden fright caused
by a trifling incident brought back her old trouble, and she is now unable to ..
articulate. - . '
- Her physicians will try every means of restoring her speech, and hope
by means of electricity, to bring back the use of her voice.' Mrs. Todd is,.
60 years of age and one of the most charitable \ women. in Alameda County.
She Is a widow and lives with her sister, her husband having died several
years ago. r •;./' ~??h£
i : .; Her sister,' Mrs. Green, was prostrated by the accident that first caused
Mrs. Tgdd i*e» first loss of speech, *iui is just vow recovering. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
HAWLEY CASE
DRAGS SLOWLY
The Sensational Contest
May Not Go Into
Court.
Months Have Passed, but No
Desire Yet Shown for
Trial.
A Rumor That the Property Dispute
Will Be Settled by Com
promise.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, March 24.
It is reported that the contest of the
Hawley will, which the contestants a
few months ago promised should be very
sensational, may never come to trial.
When the suggestive contest was filed
by the Napa heirs of the late Mrs. Haw
ley, they asserted their belief that the
woman's death was not suicidal, and de
clared that the shot-hole In the skull
shows that the wound could not have
been self-inflicted.
The property left by the woman is said
to be worth about $40,000 and consists of
some business blocks at Napa. It is all
left to the husband by a snort will, and
her heirs decided not to let it go to him
without a bitter legal struggle. Since the
contest was nled the case nas dragged on
for a few months, and the promised haste
with which the case was to be prosecuted
has not developed. The last entry on the
court register shows that it should have
come up on March 8, and after that
there is nothing of record, but the case
is on the calendar, "to be set."
The most peculiar incident attending
the peculiar death of Mrs. Hawiey, who,
it was proved at the Coroner's inquest,
shot herself through the head while in
bed with her husband in the early morn
ing, was the discovery of a letter signed
by Mrs. Hawley, in which she admitted
that she had once attempted her own
life, and that her husband had never
harmed her.
Both sides prepared for the contest and
some depositions were taken, the Napa
people claiming to have a very strong
case to support their demand that the
will be set aside.
Dr. Blood, who was the medical attend
ant of the deceased, is the best witness
Hawley has, and the doctor has already
made a statement in which he claims
that Hawley is entirely innocent of any
knowledge of his wife's death other than
that brought out at the inquest.
Already over four months have passed
since the tiling of the suit, and nothing
has yet been done, and this lends color
to the report that the suit will be settled
out of court.
» ♦ «
FELL UNDER HIS CAR.
John Budworth Meets Death at Early
Dawn at the Tesla Mine.
OAKLAND, March 24.— John Budworth,
employed as a carman at the Tesla coal
mine at Corral Hollow, was killed early
yesterday morning while in the perform
ance of his duties. He was engaged in
running cars loaded with coal out of the
shaft to the dump. While on the high
trestle over the dump the car left the
track carrying Budworth with it. No
one witnessed the accident, and it was
not until some time afterward that the
body was discovered. The loaded car and
the "unfortunate man dropped nearly thir
ty feet, then rolled fully sixty feet down
the side of me dump. The body of the
carman was found pinned under the car.
The deceased was 20 years of age. He
resided in Llvermore.
Marsh Files His Answer.
OAKLAND, March 2.4.— Fred Marsh filed
his answer to-day to the suit of Mrs. Lil
lian A. Snyder-Marsh for a divorce. In it
he denies specifically and generally ali of
the allegations in the complaint. It is the
general opinion that Marsh marrieu his
wife knowing that she had an estate and
Is now working to secure a goodly por
tion of it.
NUMBERS ON
MARKET STREET
South - Side Merchants
Trying to Block the
Last Ordinance.
They Claim It Will Throw.
Awry the Whole System
Now in Use.
How the New Method Will Conform
to Nothing on Either
Side.
The Street Department Is trying to en
force the ordinance regulating the num
bers on Market street, but the effort is
not meeting with mucn co-operation from
the merchants, who must change. All
along there has been decided objection to
the shifting of the numbers on the south
side, as provided for In the ordinance,
and' this has culminated In a petition
filed with the Supervisors yesterday. The
petition asks that the numbers be left
alone or that if they must be changed
that they may be made to conform to
the system now obtaining on the south
side of the street.
The petition has received the signature
of every merchant of prominence from
Third street to Seventh on the south
side, and many of the larger concerns are
adding personal letters to the document
In circulation. The petition is as follows:
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the City of San Francisco:' We. your peti
tioners, doing business on the south side of
Market street, hereby ask that the ordinance
recently passed by your honorable body. requir
ing a change in the numbering of the stores
on the south side of Market street may be re
pealed as tar as it affects said Market street.
We submit:
1. That our numbers have now been long es
tablished, becoming in many instances almost
or the force of trademarks and ought not to be
changed without some very urgent necessity.
2 The reason given, viz.: that the numbers
on the south side may correspond with the
numbers on the north side does not seem to us
to be sufficient to Justify the damage done by a
change.
3. While the change only very imperfectly
harmonizes the numbers on the two sides of
Market, it entirely throws out of harmony
similar blocks on Mission. Howard and Fol
som, which, by the squareness of their streets,
should correspond with the south side of Mar
ket. It would seem that regular square blocks
should have similar numbers on Market as in
other parts of the city. ;£•
4 The placing of more than one hundred
numbers In one block is scarcely justified in
any modern city. ■-■_;•
5 If it is deemed essential that the two
sides of Market street should correspond (a ne
cessity which Is not apparent to your peti
tioners) why not change the numbers on the
north side of Market street, since the series
now on that side correspond with nothing else
in the city?
As it has been, the numbering of Market
street was enough to puzzle the brightest
brain and badly befuddle the stranger in
quest of any particular location. What
was 1200 on one side was 1000 on the other,
and whoever sat on the wrong side of the
car was as apt to be carried beyond his
destination as to be left far below where
he wished to co. The change in the
numbering was to straighten out this dif
ficulty, and the complaint is not so much
against the changing as to the manner
of It. The north side parallels nothing.
Its numbers correspond to neither those
on the north and south streets nor on the
east and west streets; and even with the
most complete system it cannot but be
an inaccurate designation of the houses.
On the south side, however, it is claimed,
the situation is different. On the south
side Market street is cut into regular
blocks by the intersection of the streets
running "in from the south side, and the
numbering on the south , side therefore
corresponds to the numbering on all the
streets from Market down to Harrison. A
number on Market street now identifies
all the numbering on the corresponding
blocks to the southward to Harrison
street, and, in consequence, it is claimed,
the system has a value beyond the mere
location of the Market-street houses.
Should the system be changed in the
way in which the ordinance directs it is
claimed that the street will have a sys
tem peculiar to itself, of no value in the
location of blocks not on Market street,
and at best doing but poor service on the
street it is Intended to benefit.
The stand of the larger property own
ers Is one of almost indifference, but with
the merchants the feeling runs high. The
merchants look on their street number In
the same light as they look on their trade
mark, and having spent thousands of dol
lars in impressing it on their customers
and correspondents, they object to hav
ing it changed. Several are willing that
the numbers should be let alone: others
think it a good thing that they should be
made to conform: but with all on the
south side the argument is that, were it
possible to form a basis for any such er
ratic thing as a number system for Mar
ket street must necessarily be, iX is bet
ter to found it on the same system as is
present on the streets which parallel
Market and not upon the triangular
blocks of the north side.
The new numbering is provided for in
a special order passed February 25, 1898.
which refers to Market street only, and
In that order it is attempted to equalize
the blocks by adding fifty mor* numbers
to each of the blocks between Third and
Ninth, and this, too, is most strongly ob
jected to by the southslders. They claim
It is In the face of all custom to put more
than 100 numbers In any city block. Be
sides this does not help matters as much
as would at, first seem, for what Is 1264
under the new system is opostte 1232. It
Is declared that should the north side be
made to conform to the old numbering
of the south side there would never be
more difference than this. At Sansome
and Second there would be a discrepancy
which would only go as far as Third and
Kearny, which are opposite: Fourth runs
even with Stockton, and at Fifth and
Powell there is more trouble. Sixth and
Taylor are even, but Seventh and Jones
in not come together. Eighth and City
Hall avenue, Ninth and Larkln, Tenth
and Polk, Eleventh and Van Ness avenue
and on out are all even.
These arguments will be presented to
the Supervisors when the petition comes
up for action, and the south side mer
chants hope to be able to prevent the en
forcing of the order. Some one will have
to be put out, they say. and bo the thing
may as well be made correct at once.
■ ♦ » ,
Companies A and F Inspected.
OAKLAND, March 24.— Armory Hall
was crowded to-night during the" annual
Inspection of Companies A and F, Fifth
Regiment, N. G. C, Band and Hospital
Corps. The Inspection officers were Cap
tain Carrington, U. S. A., and Major C
Jensen of Brigadier-General W. H. War
field's staff, ihe regimental officers pres
ent were Colonel D. E. Fairbanks, Major
J. Hayes, Battalion Adjutant D. A. Smith
and Lieutenant J. M. Vaughn. The regi
mental Hospital Corps was represented
by Lieutenant-Colonel G. F. Hansen,
Major J. P. - ann, Captain O. D. Hamlin
and Captain T. A. Rottanzi. The only
non-commissioned staff officer prefent
was Sergeant-Major William Kirkman.
Are Chinese Human Beings?
OAKLAND, March 24.— Prosecuting At
torney H. A. Melvin of the Police Court
had hard work to convince Judge Allen
that he should not dismiss the action
against Gee Num for alleged refusal to
pay his poll tax when demanded by Depu
ty Assessor Ellsworth, on the ground that
the prosecution had failed to show that
the Chinese was a human being or was
old enough to be compelled to pay poll
tax. The point was raised by the Mon
golian's attorneys, and Judge Allen was
inclined to side with them. The jury dis
agreea, eight favoring a conviction and
four opposing it.
Crushed Beneath a Log.
OAKLAND. March 24.— G. Kelleher and
G. J. Robinson, ship carpenters, were
badly Injured at Hay & Wright's ship
yard this morning by a heavy timber
falling on them. The men were guiding
the timber as it was being lifted from
the water by a derrick when the tackle *
gave way. The log rolled against tho i
two men and knocked them both from !
the wharf on which they were standing |
into the water. Robinson had an arm
badly bruised and cut about the wrist.
It Is thought Kelleher was hurt internal
ly. They were both treated at the Re-
ARSON IN A
RESTAURANT
One of the Managers and
the Cook Charged With
the Crime.
Fire Marshal Towe Has, He
Says, Conclusive Evidence
of Their Guilt.
Twenty-Two Persons Were Asleep
at ihe Time in the Three Flats
Above the Restaurant.
Nicholas Tendes and Constantine John,
who were arrested on Wednesday morn
! ing by Policemen McGrayan and Lynch,
1 were booked at the City Prison yesterday
lon a charge of arson. According to Fire
i Marshal -owe and Detective Cody, who
| have been investigating the case, there
is conclusive evidence of the guilt of the
i two defendants.
Alexander Pantages, the proprietor of
i the restaurant at 121 Fifth street, where
! the fire occurred, went to Alaska about
! rive weeks ago. Before leaving, he en
tered into an agreement appointing Ten
des and George Andro managers of the
restaurant during his absence, and they
were to equally divide the profits. Pan
tages also executed a power of attorney
in favor of Tendes, in which Tendes was
empowered to make a proof of any loss
Incurred by fire and recover the amount
of the loss, which is in Itself considered
significant.
About half-past 2 o'clock on Wednesday
morning Policeman McGrayan saw smoke
issuing from t.-- restaurant, and when
he reached the place the cook, Conatan
tine John, came running out, and told him
the place was on fire. McGrayan notified
engine 17, and the liremc-n hurried to the
scene. They found the front door locked,
and obtained entrance from the rear on
Minna street. The place was on fire in
six or seven di.^erent places, and the
floor was so slippery that the firemen
could hardly keep their feet. They soon
extinguished the flames and went back
to the engine-house.
Assistant Chief Dougherty visited the
restaurant immediately after, and he
promptly telephoned to the Fire Marshal
that there was something suspicious
about the fire. Mr. Towe lost no time in
getting to the restaurant, and discovered
that there was abundant evidence of in
cendiarism.
On entering the restaurant, there are
fivo small boxes for ladies, which are
under the stairway leading to the flats
above. To the right is the dining-room,
and in the rear the kitchen. The floors
and walls to the height of about seven
feet were covered with coal oil and grease
and the partition between the dining
room and kitchen had been pried partly
off to allow a draught from underneath.
The table-cloths and tables and the boxes
for ladies were also saturated with coal
oil and grease. The fire had been appar
ently started in the kitchen, close to the
partition. The damage to the building,
which is of wood and is owned by R. K.
Hine. was about $oO and to the contents
about $100.
The cook, who was on night duty, on
being interrogated by the Fire Marshal,
I said that he was in the place alone, and
the only way he could account for the
fire was" that the grease in the pot on the
kitchen stove had boiled over. Tendes
came upon the scene and he was taken
in hand by the Fire Marshal. He said he
left the place at half-past 1 and went
right to his room at 9678 Howard
street and went to bed. He was awak
ened by the dishwasher Jim Frank, who
i slept in the restaurant, and told him that
the place was on fire. That was all he
knew about it.
Tendes' face was familiar to the Mar
shal, and by dint of questioning he got
him to admit that he was cook in the res
taurant on May 27, 1595. when it was to
tally destroyed by fire. At the time
Tendes was interrogated as to the origin
of the fire, and he gave the excuse that
the grease had boiled over.
Tendes and the cook were placed under
arrest and on the way to the prison the
patrol wagon was stopped at the lodging
house where Tendes roomed. On enter
ing the room they found a man asleep in
bed, who gave his name as Nicholas Con
stantine. Constantine's head rested on
one pillow and it was observed that the
other pillow appeared as if it had not
been used. The Marshal asked Constan
tine if any one had been in bed with him
and he said no. Tendes. he said, came
into the room, but almost immediately
left again without saying where he was
going.
Besides these contradictions, the Mar
shal says he has other important evi
dence against the two men. The stock
and fixtures, for one thing, were insured
for $1100, and a fair estimate of their
value would be about $300.
The serious aspect of the incendiary
fire is the fact that twenty-two persons
were asleep in the flats above the restau
rant and all their lives might have been
sacrificed if the flames had got good
headway. The first flat is occupied by
Mrs. Sallie Crowe; the second flat by
Mrs. M. E. Pearson, and the third by An
drew Gale, and there is only the one en
trance to the three flats.
The attorneys for the two defendants
obtained a writ of habeas corpus from
Judge Dunne yesterday morning for their
release, but they were promptly booked
at the prison on the charge of arson and
the writ was discharged.
Harris-Ames Case Submitted.
OAKLAND, March 24.— The sensational
suit of Mrs. Anna Harris against ncr
brother. Judge Josiah Ames, to recover
$50,000 worth of railroad bonds or their
equivalent, which has been in the court
for the past two months, came to an end
this morning. The defense rested at 10
o'clock, and it was immediately submitted
on briefs, at the request of the court.
The defense has fifteen days to answer
and ten additional were granted for the
plaintiffs rebuttal.
THE WOLFE CASE.
One Charge Dismissed and Another
One Immediately Filed.
ALAMEDA, March 24.— The case of L.
H. Wolfe, charged by the electric rail
way company with stealing an ammeter
while In the employ of that company,
was tried to-day and resulted in a com
plete fizzle. The prosecution was unable
to connect Wolfe with the lost article in
any way. He had been seen on the cars
with a package under his arm, but the
contents of the parcel were unknown and
there was a conflict as to its size and
shape. After the prosecution had put in
what evidence it had, on motion pf the
Deputy District Attorney the Judge di
rected the jury to return a verdict of ac
quittal, which was done and the defend
ant was discharged. When he left the
court room, however, he was rearrested
on another charge of selling old junk be
longing to the company and pocketing the
proceeds.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 24.— The Christian
Endeavorers of the United Presbyterian
Church will give a birthday party to
morrow evening. The feature will be
the contribution by those present of as
many cents for each as they are, years
in age.
Miss Bertha Stall, formerly of this city,
died yesterday in San Francisco.
The Encinal Yacht Club will give the
opening entertainment of the season on
May 14. There will be races during the
day and a vaudeville entertainment in
the evening. The club is in a very pros
perous condition.
Professor Ross of Stanford will lecture
to-morrow evening before the Teachers"
Club on "Mob Mind and Degenera
tion."
The Leota. a stern wheel boat which has
been building for some time at 2020 Clin
ton avenue, will be launched in a few
days. She is 62 feet long and 16 feet beam
and will be used by the Alameda and
Alaska Trading and Mining Company.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If 1' falls to cure.
/^^ W *
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer.- .>.. 602 Market Street,
• " Will Sell
THIS DAY, FRIDAY, MARCH 25.
... At 11 O'clock. -
No. 19 Stockton St., Near Market,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE AND CARPETS
Contained in 156 rooms o; the hotel known as
the "European." . -
Don't miss this sale. All must be sold re-
Rardle"ss of value* ' ■ -
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>— 5 KEARXYST. Established
In 1834 for tlip treatment of I'liv.-us
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
diseas earing on body and mind and
skin Diseases. Tbedociorcureswben
otljersfHil. Try him. Charges low.
<in-e»Biinr:inir<-il. Call or write.
; »»r. 1. <- si:it*>\. B';.\ I!is7.tiau Fraocisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PHMMftfißiS S. S. ZKALANDIA,
fjfel&llii. for HONOLULU only.
•C** a " B '» Wednesday. April- -6.
m -_, 2 p. m. Special party
O>±/ — I • A rates.
OlCaillJlll^ gai!s via Honolulu and
QjlCaillJlilU 1 -' sail 9 via Honolulu and
uSUIFi7I[?U"» Auckland for Sydney
Vviiif;vJH.q Wednesday, April 20.
j — at 2 p. m. •
! Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.,
114 Montgomery street.
j Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1
! P>w Steamers leave Broadway
I Vtrjißß^ wharf, San Francisco:
BSPK3a»Hftk For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
l«r|Kyn March 2. 7, 12, 17, 22. 27. April
Rns£wl«AH 1. Transferred at Seattle.
■jSpST'L^gJlj For Alaskan ports (from
' i^«Nßi Spear street wharf), 10 a. m ,
March 2, 6. 10. U. IS. 22. 26. 30.
■■. : :-. -■. "** Transferred at Portland. Or. .
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
! send Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
! New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. March 2. 7.
: 12, 17, 22, 27, and .every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
I ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma with
i N P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka . (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
March 3, 9. 15, 21. 27. and every sixth day
thereafter. _
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
i Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Oaviota. Eanta Barbara. Ventura, Huenerne.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angrelesi an.i
Newport. 9 a. m.. March 2, 6. 10. 14, 13, 22, 26,
SO. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angles). 11
"m* March 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 24, 28. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Meat.). 10 a. m., March 8,
April 3. and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
_ n i hoiirct of FfiiMn?.
TICKET OFFICK-Palace Hotel. 4 New
M GOODALL, 6 PERKIN*S & CO.. Gen. A«ts..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THEO. R. &R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE S l2 First Class Including Berth
IMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Mar. 2. 10. 18. 21
Columbia Mar. 6. 14. 22. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
EC WARD, General Aerent,
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. ;v"
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North ■ fr-^pn
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers 4.T[£Tt\
by this line avoid both transit by «■»«*=»
■ English railway and the discomfort of crossing
I the channel in a small boat. New York to
1 I Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class $160;
i second class JUS.
! LA BOURGOGNB ..: .April 2. 10 a. m.
j LA BRETAGNE April 9. 10 a. m.
i i LA NOKMAXniE April 18
i LA GASCOGNE April 23. 10 a. m.
i i LA CHAMPAGNE.. April 30. 10 a. m.
For turther particulars apply to -
COMPAGNIE : GE.VERALE TRANS AN-
TIQUE, Agent. : ■ ' _
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUOAZI ft CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. ' - ■
" STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 6
p. m. daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP. TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on th»
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T C. WALKER, CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J. D. PETERS.
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND vallejo.
.?■:": ■• Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays : 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 2.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
For Sao Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daii'y (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alvlso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and- Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 60c:
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose. »
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
llMMwiraiil CALIFORNIA
l^^^fe' LIMITED.
i^wmSfe! SAN FRANCISCO
[ißiftiasiaafflHii] Chicago.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p.m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. \v_i;';'. ~- :
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3% days to Chicago, 4& days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying- I'uilman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping , Cars on ■
fast time. Direct connect in Chicago and
1 Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
; Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 614 Market
Ftreet, Chronicle building. : Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
' mento office, 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street. ...
NORTH PACIFIC COASTTAiLROADT
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From Sao Francisco, Commencing September
19. 1897. .
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— •9:».
11:30 a. m.; *1:46. 3:45, »5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •10:0 V
•11:30 a. m. : »1:15. 3:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T'J5 a. m. weel; days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) tor
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry). >L
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13, 1897: '
Week Days— 9:Bo a. m.. 1:45 p. m. i->.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 n. m.. 1:15 p. m. -
. Round' trip from Mill Valley. Jl.^
THOU. COOK & SON. Agents. «l MarkM
street. San Franclyco.
Wrist's Man Yeptable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have "used them for over - forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA- .
TION, Torpid Liver." Weak Stomach, j Pimples
and purify the blood. !
Cllailiiiltiii
■With this remedy persons | can cure ! them-
selves without . the ' least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. The ■
medicine ' contains - nothing- of. the : least Injury ''
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
rr f k*. U * betti*. ;.;_v •.•-■'•; ■■ .•••■;- v%\
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE !
SURREYS, BUGGIES/WAGONS, CARTS,
v HARNESS, ETC.,
I At our salesrooms, 222 MISSION STREET.
. TO-MORROW .
SATURDAY. March' 26, at 11 a. m.
We are instructed by the manufacturers to
! Fell the entire consignments, ' consisting of 100
Buggies, Carriages, Spring Wagons, Carts.
Harness, etc. Two carloads just received.
These vehicles are of the best workmanship,
> latest styles, nicely painted and trimmed and
i the choicest stock that has been offered at
: auction in this city.
Be sure to attend, for it will be a day or
1 great bargains.
Sale positive. No reserve or limit.
ALLISON. NEFF & CO.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE.
I Hardware merchants and dealers in cutlery
j and paints, please take notice that on March
j 29, at 11 a. m., on the premises. 1011 Broadway.
j Oakland. I will sell at public auction ..he en-
tire stock of hardware, cutlery, paint and fix-
tures. This stock is new and well selected.
Mi. Cashmore is going to the Klondike imme-
diately. Stock will be sold as a whole without
reserve or limit; sale positive.
'. M. GERMAN". Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TKAVEL.
BOCTHKKN I' At IFK COMPANY.
(PACIFIC ttySTEM.)
Train* love »u«l nre «lv« to itrrlr* ••
NAN FKAN«:iK<"O.
(Main Line, Foot cf Market Street.) *■
UAYS — From January 1. 1398. — AMtrv»
I "•6:dOA~Nilf3, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a.
7:OOa Tiecicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... IO:4Sa
7:OOa Mar;aville, Orovilluaml Keddii>s via
Woodland 5i43f
7:OOa Vacaville r.ul Rnu^sey 8:43*
7:30 a Martiuez, San ltamon. Vallejo. Napa,
CalUtoga and Santa Kosa tular
SrOOA Atlantic Express, og.leu aud Kast.. 8:43r
' »;:i«A Niles, Nan .lose, .Stockton. lone,
. Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehama and Reil I'.lut? 4il3p
•9:30 a Teters, Milton and Oakuale "7iS5»
O:OOa New Orleans Kiprocs, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, l>akerslial<l, Santa
Itarliara, l.os Anuelei!, Detning,
El I'aao, New Orleans and East. «i 43»
■ 9:00 a Vallejo. Martinez, Merced and
Fresno ; 12:13*
•I:O0P Sacramento Kiver Stnnmeni Mi:OOr
l:OOp NUes. San Joso and Way Stations.. {»: •3*
I::tOr Martir.ez and Way Stations 7il3f
9t:OOp LiTermore, JVlecdota, Uanford and
Vi3i!i;k 4:1
la»ermore, San Jose. Nileeand Way \~j ■ y
Stations |IOj1»\
4iOOr Mm line,, Ran lUmcn. Vallejo.
Naia, Calistoea. 101 Verixno and
HiiiitaUosa «»1»*
««••!• Benicia, VacaTiUe, Woodland,
. Knights lauding, Marysville, Oro
tIIIo and .Sucrnmeiito 1 •:■*»*
4iSOp Nilea, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ils*
4t3ur Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojavo (for Randsbnrc),
Santa Uarliara anil 1.0.11 .0.1 Angeles.. Ti4s*
4iH»r Santa Fo Ucutc. Atlantic i:xi>reaa
forMcjiivo ami Most 6:43p
«fs:3op "Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Littlo Kock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East §!O:J."U
T3:B«p " Buizsit Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East §10sISa
O:O»c Kur«i>eun Mail, <>g<lt>n and Kail.... 0:43*
fl:iyw:ii'ilM. Nilea and Han Jose ' 7:43.v
t"»:O«r Vallejo /.... t7i43r
»:O«»« Orcßou \.x\<\t **, Sui-raini-ntn, Marys-
vlllc, IttMlilint', Portland, l'uget
.Sound iind Kant 8:13 a.
' SAN LKAMHIO (Ml lUYtVAitl>»; LOCAL.
(Foot of .Market Street.) _^
<*fitOOA I ■ ? 7iTsa
S:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, '• 9: 12 A
iHSa! Fitcl.burjr,Kln,l.u»t, JfjJiJ
<11:OOa I San Loiiinlro, South San 1 ? ! !?'
J12:0«m Mlro, K.tu.lillo, |stts;
- isioor Lorenzo, Cherry 1 t4:4r» r
4:OOP . I ■ ' . |5:45p
S:OOp •' ■ ll<l '- ■■■■■- ■ '■ J 0:1
O:3Op lUjnunll. 22 J p
7:«0p , . ' 8»43|»
*••«»? « Runs turougU to Nile*. i2:*2o
T; COAST »I VISION (Narrow (inugo).
( Foot of Market Street.)
StldA Newark. Centetvilltt.Nun.lose.Felton,
■■» •• Creek, Scuta Cruz and Way
• •.:■• «' ' SUtioim 1........... ■»»•»
' *SilSp Newark, Cetitcrtille, San Joee, New
- . Ainiaden, FeKoii,;ltouWler Creek.
Santa Cruz mid Principal Way
SUtiona .-.•.....:........... «l»i*O*
4113r Newark, Han .lose and Los Gates ... 9:SOa
fll:43pHuctera' Excursion, San Jose and
Stations .....:........• :7t2op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I From SIN fIUNGISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7.16 9:00 11.00 a.m. 21:00 *2:00 t3:ofl
•4:00 tS:O3 .•6:Cor.»i.
?r»mOllUHD— Footer Broadwaj.— "o:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
■ 112:00 •1:00 1 {2:00 *3:00 ti:QO *5:00f.M.
COAST l>l VISION (Uroad (Jauge).
.■ (TUird and Towmcud St<.)
•issa Ham Jusu nnil Way Bt»tioiis (New
Almadcn Wednesdays uul;) «iSOA
0:4)0 \ Han :I<ih.>, Ires I'iiich. Hnnt:i Crux,
■ - Pacific Orote, l'liso Uuliles. San
J.nls < H.isi'i.. G'uadaluiie, tiurf and
- -':*'.■ Principal Way SUtioiiß 4il»*
lOi-lOa Bun .Insu mid Wny Stations •8:«©A.
Sl:.'SOa San Jose and Way -Stations 8:334
*2:: tor San Mat?", ltedwood, Mciilo Park.
Santa Clara, .San .lose. Gilroy,
Uollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas, '
Monterey and I'acillc (irove MOi4Oi.
•»:15r San .lose and Principal Way Stations *9:«0a
••l:I3r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:45 a.
•si««p San Jose and Principal Way Stations irSOr
S:3ot> San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:3!»p
6::« Op San Joso aud Way .Stations 7:2<»F
111:451 San Josuand Way Stations TiMOr
A for Morning. • P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. i Sundays only, t Saturdays oulf,
' I', Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* onl/.
% Mondays and Thursdays.
_ I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
SAN FRANGISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FKAN'CISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 13-.XS.
1:20, 6:10. 6:20 p. m. , Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:M
- and 11:30 p. m. -
6UNDAYS-8:00. 9:10. 11:60 a, m. ; 1:19. I:3«t
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.l
11:45. 8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:19 a. m.: I:4*. 1:44.
6:CO. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsea Pare
same schedule as above.
Leave ~ ,n, n *„> Arrive
Pan Francisco. <>, It" I Pan Franclseq
.Sffl.dK mJSbm] SSL IB?
7 :80 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Novato. 1 10 :40 a.m.] 8:40 a.m.
S:Bop.m. U:3oa.m. Petaluma, ; 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:H)p.m. 5:UUp.m. Santa Rosa- 7:85 p.m. i b:22p.m.
' ~ ' Ftiitonv * „
7 M.i ::■ Windsor. 10:25a>ta.
Hcaldsburj,
L.vtton.
. Geyservlila,
7:80 p.m. K:oPa.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. 6:S3p.m.
I lUopland and I
7 :30a.m. 1S 00a.m. I Ultlah. ! 7:35 p.m. «:33p.m.
7 :30 a.m. i 1 . 10: 23 a. m.
8:00 a.m. Gucmevllla 7:85 p.m.
B:Sop.m. 8:23 p.m.
7 30a.m. 1 8 :00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. b:4ua.co.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
7:30 a.m. S:oo.i.m. sebastenoL |10:40.i.m.|10:25a.m.
3:00p.m.!5:UUp.m.l 01 - | 7:35p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
' B tares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West -
Fprlngs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; ac
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hupland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. . Soda Bay.
Lakpport and Hartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley'a, Buck«
nells, Sanhedrln Heights, HullvtUe, Boonvllld.
017*8 Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Eraggr. Westport, Usal.
Saturday. to Monday round-trip tickets at r*>
duced rates. ; -.'.-'
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 66o Market street. Chronicle
building.- ■ -'■ ■*'••
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Managar. Gen. Pats. Art.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQU N
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
■ From September 10. 1897, trains will run as
follows: • ■ ,3
"~" Southbound. | I Northbound |
Passea- Mixed station*. Mixed Paasoa-
ger - Sunday ii 5 *"" 0119 - Sunday per
Dally. 'Exc'p'td,— Exc'pul Dally.
7:30 a.m. 9.-00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 6:40 p.m,
»:10a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:5.". p.m.
30:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J.:W:i.in. 2:20 p.ra
11:40 a.m.. : 6:20 p.m. Hanrora . .:15 a.m. --1:15 ■
12:15 p.m. t.:15 p.m. VisaUa ... C:4O a.m. Vi:iu p.ia
Stopping at intermediate points when reqiuroi.
L.oi)jJt:i;lions— At btucklun -with steamboats of
C. N. & I. .Co.. leavine San Francisco and
Stockton - at ■•« i p. . m.; dally: ■ at : Merced- wtt!»
stages to and from Coultervtlle. etc. ;
alko with ■ stage for Hornitoa. Marlposa, I etc.
at Lankershlm with •tag* to and from Umdera,
1112
AN OLD RIDER'S
WARM GREETING
"Pop" Weaver Hit the
Wire First on Tulare,
Making a Big Hit.
Sombre Turned Up Winner
of the Rich Androus
. Stake.
Favorites Broke Even With the
Outsiders— tSuekwa Struck
Easy Game.
The ovation tendered "Pop" Weaver,
•when he landed Tulare first past the
•wire at the conclusion of the mile run
at Ingleside yesterday, was second only
to the reception accorded Marty Bergen
last year when he won the Burns han
dicap on Ruinart. "Pop" has ridden
horses for many years and his friends
were beginning to fear he was getting
a trifle musty in his saddle work, but
he was ready money yesterday, and,
getting his mount in front as the bend
for home was reached, won easily at
the wire from Claudius. Salvation
started for the first time at the meet
ing, and a 1 to 2 chance finished in the
6how.
The Androus stake for two-year-olds,
the feature of the card, was captured in
handy fashion by Sombre, a black
daughter of imp. Midlothian and Miss
WoodfordL Three of the favorites took
purses.
Ed Corrigan turned another maiden
loose in the opening six-furlong sprint,
and took the purse. Justine, at odds
of 7 to 10, with Tod Sloan in the sad
dle, overtook Sleepy Jane and Eakins
in the stretch and rolled in winner from
the first-named mare.
By a streak of good luck and an ex
cellent piece of riding Tod Sloan land
ed the purse for By Holly in the six
furlong selling event, ne-:t decided. Tod
had the leg up en the 8 to 5 choice,
Montallade, and at the head of the
stretch, looking hopelessly out of it,
managed to get through on the inside,
winning cleveny a neck before Her
moso. The latter made all the run
ning.
The Androus stake for two-year-olds
at four and a half furlongs did not pan
out as expected. In the betting 1 Hu- i
midity, the Burns <& Waterhouse en
try, had a slight call over Milt Young.
When the barrier was released Sombre,
carrying the colors of W. B. Jennings ;
& Co., skipped out in front with Lonnie i
Clayton, and, holding the lead through
out, passed the wire less than a length
in front of Olinthus. Humidity man
aged to secure the show. The winner
went to the post at odds of 7 to 1.
The mile and a sixteenth run, decided
under selling conditions, was only a j
gallop for the 1 to 2 favorite, Buckwa,
with Sloan up. Purser's big gelding
ence relinquished the front position to
Flashlight, but passed the latter again
in the stretch, winning hands down in*
1.4:<i 2 . Flashlight led Myth out five
lengths for the place.
The heavily played St. Calatine, an
even-money chance, was left at the ;
post in the final seven furlong run. I
Woodford filly, against which 3 to 1
was laid, was allowed to take the lead
and won all the way. Candle Black
was a handy second, two lengths be- ,
fore San Venado.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIfS.
First Race — Three-qutj-ters of a mile; selling.
7<-2 II .henlohe 112 759 Glenn Anne 107
754 Oahtl 107: 285 Ocean Blue 109
782 Aprons 107 Tot Duke York 11. .112
7M Niihau 107 "41 Hunnie lone ....107
710 IJttle T G 107 843 Queen Blazes ...107
63C Hardly l') 7 782 Hertha 107
SCO] 109! 752 Defiant 103
752 Al Gorta 107
Second Race— Seven-sixteenths of a mile;
two-year-olds.
742 Gold Scratch. ...ll4 776 San Ramon ....108
785 Ach 114; ...Baby King 108
676 Royal Fan 11l 776 Rio Chico 10S
... Practice 105 GoS Native Son 105
772 I^xvator 10S 772 Toluca 105
776 Sweet Cakes ...105 ... Ann Page 105
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleside Track-123d day of the
Winter Meeting, Wednesday. March 23. 1893. Weather fine
Track fast.
88.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: maidens; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horses. Weight. St.
740 Justine. 4 109! 3
722 Sleepy Jane, 4.. 109 2
740 Eaklns, 4 11l 1
740 Merry Boy, 4 11l 6
686 Rockefeller. 4 11l 4
747 Kafaela, 4 108 9
C»i) Salas. 5 11l 7
722 Durward. 4 111,5
... Dutch Valet. 4 114 10
... Silver Knight. 4...1U 8
1 4m.
4 1
2 2
1 3
3 1%
7 1
8 M
10
6 i/4
9 1
6 1
%m.
4 4
2 4
1 h
3 2
6 1
7 hi
9
6 2
" 10
8 3
Str.
3 4
1 hi
2 3
4 6
5 1
7 1
5 1
6 Ml
10
9 2
:r.
Fin. i Jockeys. |Op,.
1 3 [T. Sloan ....I 3-5
2 I^4 iHennessy ... 4
3 3 H. Martin.... 3
4 h \O. Wilson.... 6
6 4 Mclntyre .... 30
6 2 Clawson 8
7 1 ;McNlchols ... 30
8 1 Shields I 10
9 3 Macklin 6
10 R. Narvaez. ..| 40
a.
4-5
5
9-2
8
60
15
100
25
20
60
Time, I:l6V*.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's br. f. by Riley-Hlnda.
Good start.
Won easily.
89.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse, $3io.
(769) Montallade. 5 109 4
6W Hermosa. 3 101 1
773 Break o1o 1 Day, 4 106 3
777 R Q. Ban, 6 112 2
7''>3 Aliina. 3 H8! 5
7-1 Harry Thoburn, 4..107J 6
763 Valencienne, 3 98 1 S
73S Free Lady. 3 102; 9
757 Blarney Stone. 3...103; 7
5 2
1 X
6 1
3 3
9
7h . -
5 ft ..
2 2
4 M
8 2
1 2
6 i/i
3*
7 h
, 6 h
2 3
4 -,
3 2
1 >4
6 1
4 2
9
8 1
7 Vi
2 %
6 1
1 n I
2 % !
3 h
4 h
5 h
6 1
7 2 i
8 2
9_ _ I
, 1
T. Sloan 2
Mclntyre — 8
Conley 8
Hennessy .... 10
Gray 8
Clawson 2
McNlchols ... 8
H. Martin.... 4
J. Woods ! 6
8-5
10
25
30
20
4
20
7-2
20
Time, 1 :14Vb- Winner, B. C. Holly's b. g. by Montana-Fusilade's Last. Good start. Won
first three driving.
90.
THRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; Androus stakes; value.
noco.
776 Sombre 115| 1
756 Ollnthus ll v 6
766 Humidity 115 3
(658) Milt Young 121 5
772 Sevens 1181 4
776 Heina de Cuba 108' 2
1 h
4 h
6
5 2
3 %
2 2
1 ■*>
6 2
6
4 h
■ 3 3
2 4
1 'A
6
4 h
5 >*
2 1
3 h
1 Mi
2 n
3%
4 1
5 5
6
layion
hields
horpe
6
6
7-5
6-5
10
8
7
10
a-2
8-6
20
n
. Sloan
i. Martin....
[ennessy ...
Time, ibb 1 /*. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s blk. f. by imp. Midlothian-Miss Wood-
ford. Good start. Won all out.
91.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; four- year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
\
779 Tulare. 4 107 5 31 32 1 H I^* 12 Weaver ' 5 7-2
779 Claudius, a 114 4 7h 7A 4 6 1 24 2 % Conley 6 E
... Salvation, 6 114 6 8 C' 471 42 32 T. Sloan 1-2 1-2
770 Verasua. S llli 8 62 4h 51 3h 42 Macklin 15 20
763 McFarlane, 6 113.3 24 IV4 2M, 5 1 5 2 T. Tobin 30 100
C7B Sylvester. 6 11l 7 5 H 52 4h Cl 6 3 R. Narvaez... 40 200
740 Jack Atkins. 5 11l 2 11 2H 3% 715 720 Ames 40 200
... MBrambo. G 114 l 4>4 8 8 fi 8^ G. Wilson.. .. 20 100
Time. 1.43 V Winner, Weaver & Co.'s b. g. by Fresno-Sophy. Good start. Won easily.
792.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $400.
[.
:r.
443 Buckwa, a 103 2
755 Flashlight. 6 11l 1
76S Myth, 4 106 3
774 Song and Dance, a.IOJ G
77.1 Argentina. 5 107 4
777 (abrillo, 6 107 5
443 Buckwa, a...
755 Flashlight, 6
703 Myth, 4
774 Kong and Da
77.". Argentina. 5
777 CabrMo, 6...
Time, i:MH.
paslly.
103 2 114 12 in 23 24 11
6 11l 1 22 2 - 24 \\ Il i 25
US 3 32 33 34 34 35 31
ince, a.IOJ G6 41 41 43 45 46
5 107 4 5 h 6 6 6 6 52
107 5 4 h 52 62 52 5 2 6
Winner, E. W. Purser's b. g. by Buckra-We
1 Mi
2 2
3 2
6
5 h
4 h
1 2
2 •
3 3
4 1
6
5J
1 n
2 4
3 4
4 1
6
5 2
2 3
1%
3 4
4 3
6
5 2
2 4
1 V 4
3 5
4 5
6
5 2
1 1
2 5
3 1
4 6
5 2
6
1 T. Sloan 1-2
5 Hennessy 3
1 Conley 6
6 Clawson 20
2 Gray 8
W eaver . . ■ . ■■ 12
Wa. Good start.
1-2
4
7
100
30
25
Won
793.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
X
:r.
690 Wood ford Filly ....100 1 4 2 1H 12 12 18 T. Sloan 5-2 3
Candle Black 105 2 lh (4 31 3h 22 Dorsey 6 5
775 Ban Venado 117 5 5 3V4 2h 2h 3h Hennessy 4 12
70S RoMrmonge I"'J ♦ 2h , 6 4 2 43 48 Gray 4 6
775 Applejack 105 3 3\4 2 h 5 6 6 Macklln 30 150
771 Si CatatttM m * H. Martin.. .. 4-5 1
* I oft
T.i'm . I:MV Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'s cb. f. by Sal vator- Miss Woodford. Sad
Urt. Won eaelly
1
2
5
4
3
I *
4 2 1 l i
lh 4 4
5 3 4
2 h % 6
3 M 2 h -.•:■
1 2
3 1
2 h
4 2
1 2
3 h
2 h
4 3
6
1 8
2 2
3 h
4 8
5
'. Sloan
)orsey
lennessy
fray
laeklin
5-2
6
4
4
30
3
6
12
6
150
1
I. Martin. ..
Third Race — One mile: selling.
Zaralda 93 664 Cavallo 103
7SI Charles A 10S 773 Schnitz 107
779 Outgo 104 643 Lena 104
(662)Ve10z 107; 770 Donation 100
779 Queen Sane .... P8 1 773 Stentor 100
7C3 Metaire .........1041 781 Coda lt»
557 Torpedo 1001
Fourth Race— One and a quarter miles; al
lowances.
788 Scarborough ....io:> SSS Morellito ....... ?6
707 Traverser 10G
Fifth Race— mil": selling.
770 Masoero 11l <740)1mp. Mistral 11.111
762 Sea Spray 11l 774 Don Clarencio...llO
761 Fort Augustus. .llo 781 Meadow Lark.... MS
781 Twinkle Twink.lo2 (7SS)Justine ]<>*
(770)Maml* G 106 (739)01ive . Ju
765 Benamela 11l 745 Miss Ross 109
<:. 17 1 .],..-• Terry lit 7SI Cromwell 11l
777 Lodestar 106
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs: selling.
774 Little Cripple. ..l2Sl 729 Gold Bug . 120
467 Sir Dilke 123. 770 Tim Murphy ...120
740 Zamlock 1201 770 William O 8.... 23
380 Zarro : IS"! 770 Don Fulano ■■••1£»
781 Putton 18 791 Veragua 120
720 Devil's Dream. .ll6 779 Attlcus Hi
632 All Smoke US
Seventh Race— Five furlongs.
693 May W 1021 7SS Eaklns 104
771 CTConncll 107 (714) Paul Gri g 5....107
(6Ss)Qey«er 1071
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race — Soscol. Hardly, Holienlohe.
Second Race— Lavamr. Ach, Toluca.
Thrrd Race— Lena, Coda, Stentor.
Fourth Race— Morelllto, Traverser. Scar
borough.
Fifth Race— Cromwell, Joe Terry, Meadow
Lark.
Sixth Race— Sir Dilke, William 08. \ eragua.
Seventh Race— Geyser, Paul Grlggs, OCon
nell. _—.
DRINKING AMONG
THE YOUNG PEOPLE
An Underground Resort in
Oakland the Scene of
Scandalous Actions.
Such Was the Expression Used by
Professor Humphrey Last Even
ing in an Address.
Professor Joseph Humphrey, the tem
perance lecturer, addressed the Sons of
Temperance last evening, at the Hewes
building on Market street, on the subject
of "Intemperance Among Young People."
He called attention to incidents where
girls and boys of an immature age had
', been seen parading the streets in an in
' toxicated condition, and deplored the ef
| feet of such practices on the rising gen
eration.
Referring to the practice of drinking in
Oakland, he said that on a recent evening
' a reliable person had seen sixteen girls
1 and boys drinking in an underground re
sort beneath the Macdonough building,
' and seemingly trying to find out whicn
; one could Imbibe the most liquor. Atten
: tion was attracted to the parties by the
boisterous laughter that issued from the
curtained booths and made the matter
one of public scandal in Oakland. He be
i lleved that the parents of the boisterous
1 youths thought them at prayer meeting
while their scandalous actions were going
tn. Professor Humphrey urged those
i resent to use their utmost endeavors to
prevent intemperance among the rising
! generation.
> —•--. —
A PIONEER PASSES AWAY.
Death of an Old Supervisor of This
City in St. Luke's Hospital.
Charles Nelson, an old resident of this
city and a Supervisoi rrom the First
Ward in ISSB, died at St. Luke's Hospital
on last Wednesday after a protracted
illness. Mr. Nelson was a pioneer, having
landed in this city in 1849, and during the
early days of the history of this city he
was identified with every movement that
had far its object the advancement and
welfare of the people. He was an ex
: empt fireman and had served In the Car
son Mint for a number of years. During
the troublesome times when David I .
j Broderick was at the zenith of his glory
in this State Mr. Nelson was one of his
principal supporters anil admirers, and
as a token of his esteem and admiration
for that dead leader he annually visited
I his tomb on the anniversary of his death
and contributed a floral offering at the
base of his monument.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors oi subscribers.
Wong Hike Deported.
United States Commissioner Heacock
yesterday ordered Wong Hike deported
to China. Hike had been convicted of fol
ony and obtained a certificate of regis
tration by swearing that he had never
been convicted of a felony.
THE SA3I FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
MUSIC UNDER
THE BALDWIN
Proprietors Refuse to Pay
a Concert Hall
License.
President William Bogen Ar
rested to Test the
Question.
Interesting Points ■Advanced by
License Collector Bonnet ;or
the Prosecution.
William Bogen, president of the
Baldwin Grotto Company, was arrest
ed Wednesday on a warrant sworn to
in Judge Low's court by License Col
lector Bonnet on the charge of violat
ing order 1589 of the Board of Super
visors by refusing to pay a concert hall
license. He was immediately released
on his own recognizance by Judge Low.
The case was called in court yester
day morning, but neither Bogen nor
Attorney Kowalsky, who represents
him, were present. The License Col
lector waited for an hour, and, as there
appeared to be no po: » lility of the
case going on, he left ; ' er the Judge
had stated that he would continue it
till this morning. The Judge thought
that there had been possibly some mis
understanding on the part of the de
fendant, and did not consider it neces
sary to issue a bench warrant.
The case has been brought by the
License Collector owing to complaints
made to him by the proprietors of the
i Oberon, Olympia and similar resorts,
who have always paid the license. They
pointed out that the Baldwin Grotto
advertises in their programme a "Con
cert every evening from S to 12 by the
Vienna orchestra, under the leadership
of Herr Stark," who previously per
formed at the Oberon. The full details
: of the concert were given on the pro
gramme, but no menu. A sign was also
: on the outside of the grotto, "Concerts
nightly." ,_ M
The License Collector has had sev
eral informal talks with the City and
County Attorney's office on this point.
Their idea was that when a few pieces
of music were played during the dinner
hour it was simply a feature of the
meal, and could not be classed as a
concert, but since he has pointed out
to them that a regular concert is held
after dinner, they have taken a differ
ent view of the question.
The action is taken under section 5
of the ordinance, which provides:
In any action brought under or arising
out of any of the provisions of this order
the fact that a party thereto represented
himself or herself as engaged In any bust
ness or calling for the transaction of
which a license is by this order required,
or that such party exhibited a sign indi
cating such business or calling, shall be
conclusive evidence of the liability of such
party to pay for a license.
Also under another section, which
provides:
Every proprietor or lesse of any the
ater, concert hall or of any place of
amusement, entertainment or exhibition
except a circus or a show exhibition or
performance given under a canvas or cloth
covering or inclosure shall pay license ac
cording to the seating capacity of such
• theater, concert hall or other place of
amusement, entertainment or exhibition.
It is said that Police Commissioner
Gunst and others, who are interested
! In the success of the grotto, are using
considerable influence to get a decision
against Bonnet, and a good deal of in
; terest is accordingly being taken in the
j result to-day.
MLLE. ANNA HELD
AMID THE WAVES
She Describes Her Sensations
as She Breasts the Foam
ing Billow.
The Clever Advance Man Who
Invents Fame for
Her.
When the advance agent of Anna Held
arrived In town he was all smiles, and the
amount of his surplus urbanity was
enough to thaw the heart of the callous
tenderloin. To sound Miss Held's praises
was the business for which that lady's
manager engaged him. ana his resources
in that line are worthy of something high
er than that of getting in the papers the
name of one who has made a fortune by
singing, "I have such a wa-ay wees me."
One of the peculiar characteristics of
the fetchingly naughty Parisienne is that
she prefers to bathe her dainty person in
milk to using Pears' soap and warm wa
ter. This was the advance man's cue to
secure public notice. He stated that she
dally used several hundred gallons of the
nourishing fluid, and in order to supply
this he wrote to all the milkmen and large
uatry proprietors that he wanted them to
assemble on a certain day at the Baldwin
Theater and there and then bid for the
contract of supplying Anna with the re
quired number of gallons of milk during
her sojourn here. The specifications
called for absolutely pure milk. The use
of water or chalk was to be considered a
breach of contract, which would cause the
bidder to forfeit his award. There wus
the greatest excitement among the milk
men, and a very strong tendency was de
veloped on the part of some of them to
bull the milk market, so much so that
there was a general rise in the price of
milk.
But there is yet another startling fea
ture that has been perpetrated by this in
nocent advance man. in connection with
the many characteristics of Anna, that
has forced her into the realms of notori
ety to an almost extreme limit. While
Miss Held is at Coronado Beach her ur
bane herald persuades her to break away
from the milk toilet for a few hours, and
like other stars, who have also been fam
ous, to indulge in a dip in the surf. After
much coaxing she consents, and while
she is languidly disporting herself among
the billows the man in advance has her
interviewed by the representatives of a
freak journal.
In his imagination he has wires run
upon the waves to where Anna is float
ing, and over these she talks and sings
She is to describe her sensations amid the
billows, to lisp the secrets of the deep and
to poutingly tell of a proposal from a
North Sea wha!e.
Thus the vaudeville star is kept con
stantly upon the pinnacle of fame and ad
miration—while the true artist, the gen
ius, whose brains make Mademoiselle the
adorable thing that she is. wonders when
he will be able to get last week's wash out
of the laundry.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGKNCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 24.
Schr NetUo Low, Low; 0 hours from Point
Reyes.
BAILED.
Thursday, March 24.
Stmr Crescent City, Stoekfleth; Grays Har-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MENDOCIXO- Sailed March 24— Schr Bobo
link, fnr Pan FYancfseo.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived March 24— Stmr Ob
dam, from New York.
Sailed March 24— Stmr Rotterdam, for New
Xmk.
ROMANCE OF
BANK BOOKS
Lost Owners Have Been
Found and Heirs
Appear.
Insanity and Death Explain
a Generation of
Silence.
Attorney Oscar T. Shuck Follows
Interesting Clews to a
Conclusion.
Recent researches show some Interest
ing developments in the cases of unheard
of owners of bank acounts who have be«n
missing for many years.
Oue of the strangest mysteries solved
in many a day was unraveled by Attorney
Oscar T. Shuck yesterday in the case of
the long-lost and much-advertised-for
Jane Trimble, whose account at the Hi
bernia Bank awaits the appearance of her
heirs. Ever since 1868 the woman has been
as completely lost as if the earth had
swallowed her. The bank and the Public
Administrator will worry no more, as it
has been learned what became of the old
depositor.
'•She lived at 932 Folsom street," said
Attorney Shuck, " and I had about given
up the case when I found that Mary Anne
Trimble had been committed to the Napa
Asylum from that place many years ago.
She died there, and the Insanity Commis
sioners are proceeding under the law to
get pay for her care and attention. As
there are no heirs, this will settle the
estate. It ig supposed that tne woman
was so insane that she gave the wrong
name. The only way we ever discovered
her identity was the fact that in her rav
ings she said she had money in the Hi
bernia Bank, and investigation showed
that the woman committed was from the
same address."
Another mystery just solved is that of
tne case of oohn J. Gossen, a famous
restaurant-owner in the sixties. His dis
appearance seemed an unsolvable mys
tery, and it seemed that his money at the
French Bank would never find a claimant.
Mr. Shuck has discovered that the old
man dropped dead thirty years ago. Heirs
are on their way from France to claim
tho estate.
The mystery surrounding the disap
pearance of another old citizen, John
(Jelinaud, was solved in almost the same
way, except that it has been learned
from an examination of the records of
the Morgue that he committed suicide.
His heirs will find a snug sum awaiting
them. .^ „ ,
Another bank depositor was Theodule
Benjamin. A search of the records
showed that no Theodule Benjamin had
ever died there, but a Theodore Benjamin
committed sukide in the sixties. It has
been shown that he is the same man who
made the deposit in the French Bank, and
his heirs will lay claim to the estate.
THE COLLECTOR
READY FOR WAR
Colonel Jackson Preparing His
Complaint Against Dp. Rose
nau for Interference.
Customs Inspector Shepman Files An
other Complaint, This One Against
Dock Superintendent Wilson.
The Treasury- Department at Washing
ton will not have much time to bother
with the Spanish war question till after it
shall have settled the momentous dispute
In which Collector Jackson, Surveyor
Spear and Chauncey St. John on the one
band and Federal Quarantine Officer Dr.
Rosenau on the other are at present hot
ly engaged.
The Collector was busy during the
greater part of yesterday preparing to
send his torpedo flotilla of complaint to
the Porto Rico of the Treasury Depart
ment. It is said to be what. is known in
the vernacular as "hot stuff, " and will
arouse the authorities like the sound of a
trumpet calling the faithful to arms.
A supplemental report was tiled yester
day with the Surveyor by Customs In
spector Shepman, in which he accuses T.
D. E. Wilson, dock superintendent for
the Occidental and Oriental Company, of
conduct said to evince an unfriendly
spirit for customs inspectors.
Mr. Shepman charges that when he
threatened to have the baggage of the
cabin passengers of the Belgic taken
from the tug back to the vessel if l>r.
Rosenau persisted in the refusal to allow
him to land. Mr. Wilson remarked that if
he had known that all this trouble would
be incurred he (Mr. Wilson) would have
slipped away with the tug and left Mr.
Shepman on the Belgic. The contents of
this report have hern made a part of the
Collector's complaint, as showing the ex
tent of the hostile feeling said to prevail
against the good men and true who obey
the commands of Chauncey M. St. John,
chief deputy to the Surveyor.
Collector Jackson insists that after a
vessel has been given free pratique by
the Quarantine Officer the duty of such
Quarantine Officer ceases. He has no
further authority. Colonel Jackson says
further that the Customs Inspectors have
always been instructed that if passengers
are ordered into quarantine they must go
into quarantine also to accompany the
baggage on which duty is to be collected,
but if cabin passengers are allowed to
land with their baggage his men also
must be allowed to land.
Trout Streams Guarded.
There is a belief among the sportsmen
of this locality that the only waters pa
troled for the protection of trout during
the elope season are the streams flowing
Into Lake Tahoe and the lake- itself. Com
missioner Vogelsang yesterday stated
that this is a mistake, for a patrol is
kept constantly along the shores of the
Paper Mill and Sonoma creeks, and will
not be removed until April 1, when the
close season ends.
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
"W Oppuls. Columbia B W Wells Jr. U S N
E R Lelbert & w, Cal R L Coleman, Cal
M S White, N V Mrs R L Coleman & 2
S Stein, L Ang c, Cal
S Postley. L Ang Baron yon Schroeder,
E H Peaslee, NY S Rafael
G R Finch. St Paul Baroness yon Schroed-
P H Lothian. St Paul er, S Rafael
W F Mellick. Mont Baron A. yon Schroed-
H H Hinshaw. Cal er, S Rafael
E Bradley, Chicago W. C Schoileld. Ohio
W F Funsten & w. Mo Mrs F Rockfeller. Ohio
Mrs Whartenby, Pa Miss L E Schofield, O
Mrs V G Robinson, Pa F J Jones. Cincinnati
H D Fraser, Chicago Mrs F J Jones. Clncin
A D Harraance & w,Pa Miss F L H Jones, Cm
C L English & f, Danv C Henne, Stanford
H Bedlow. Newport O J Salisbury, Utah
Miss E Baylies, .Newpt Mrs O 3 Salisbury &
A H Kerr, Portland 8. Utah .
F Pierce & w. .Sprlngfld F 1) HetTron. NY
C Tickett, Stanford Mrs P D Heffron, N V
W L Woodrow &w, Cal C A Denny, Mass
C J Morse & f, Chgo Mrs C A Denny. Mass
J T Tobln &w. Chgo Miss B G Derm*-, Mass
R \V Watson, Colo J L Hart, Ohio
C P Wheeler, Chgo Mrs M Hart, Ohio
W D Sargent. Chgo Miss M Hart. Ohio
T S Phelps, US N Mrs W X Burton, Ohio
AS Buell & w, Vt . " M II Folcy, Minn
Miss Buell, Vt G H Storber. Colo
Miss X B Buell. Vt Mrs G H Storber. Colo
D Melone, Oak Knoll
. BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Mlgllavacca, Napa S Hawkins, L>,Ang .
Q King. S Jose - Miss Florence. L Ang
S Hildreth & w, S Jose H Watson & W, NY
L B Squer Jr. Nevada E Edwards, N V
\V Hollingberry, Cal \V Shope. 8 Barbara
X J Hart, S Jose C F > Sanborn. : Omaha
I' Gil Ulan, Sacto H Richards. Manager
Ed» Howe. Boston Waldorf Co :
J E Pattin, Bakersfleld J R Philips & w. Sacto
S Cohen, Phila J Hunt. Sacto :
II -7 D•■ Fraser . Chicago IDC Dennis, • Sacto
J ii ■■»'■■■ I, j _ it Aim 'i» it ilivnbui&et. H I
GRAND HOTEL.
L Darneal. L Gatos :P H Ammedorn. N T
J Underwood, Chicago ! J F Fraser, London
G M Hal!, Pa F H Lowe. London
J T Condon. Nev JJ C Hanu, Salt Lake
J Cooler. Nev |G W Towle, Towles
Mrs F Crosby. Stktn | E Linn. London
F H Green, S Rafael H Rummelsburg. L A
H A Clark, Oakland V P McGillycuddy. 8 D
M Cluney, Ma Mr? C H Lux. S Jose
G Cooney. Mo J S Cram & W, Cal
J C Xicholls & w. Mln J M Tammany, Boston
P C Donovan & w, N D H H Danna, Germany
C Leon. Fresno s Washburn. Germany
C S Burdick & w, 111 ij S Smith. Pasadena
G Evans. Chicago U F Donahue, N V
A Wenning & w. Or |G O Brown, Ariz
R C Davis. Quebec F H Ransom. R Bluff
G H McFarlane, Ont F J Brandon. S Jose
Mrs M F Chubbuck, J Koyt. Salem
Minn \C M Simpson, Cal
R Osborne. Minn Mr? .1 Llndsey, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
O Williams &w, Cal H S Scott. Monterey
J E Mitchell & w. Bos M J Elliot* Butte
Mrs X F Leslie. Tex ;R J Tuttle. Minn
Miss McNeil, S Jose F T Lund. Minn
J P Moynahan. Sacto i J M Day, Cal
J Freeman. NY I A Lensel. St Louis
D L Raynor, NY F J Clemens, Cal
(' Steiner, Boston Mrs Bowen. Manitoba
J Moran. S Rosa Miss Rowen, Manitoba
M M Harry, Ylsalla I Miss F Bowen, Mantba
D Jacobs, NY
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-",;:? Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
818 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
U"UI 9 o'clock.
K'6 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2326 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1500 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commander)' No. 1. K. y * &
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- ifWr
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS [111
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock.
Order of the Temple. All fraters are courte-
ously Invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
OFFICERS and members of Apollo
Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F. are £p^3pS^-
hereby notified to attend a meet-
ing of the lodge on FRIDAY, '"'"<*'-
March 25. at S o'clock p. m. Election of
representatives and first degree
- LOUIS HAMMERSMITH. N. G.
HOLLAND SMITH. Kec. Sec. .-...« v «
ANNUAL MEETING— regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. San
Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 2Sth day
of March, IS9S, at the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other . business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18, 1898, at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BLIND merchant- returned; stand Sixth and
Market sts. Please remember yours truly,
DRUMM.
ST. GEORGE Halls, 317 Mason St.. halls for
dances, lodges, $2 50 to $10 per night; special
terms steady tenants. BULLEN & KEMLINE
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow-shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29, second floor.
MRS. BLAIR, massage and alcohol baths. 963
Mission st., rooms 17 and IS; assistants.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant, baths,
massage. 29 Grant aye.. room 5.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15& Turk and .1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, 118 Grant aye.
MRS. SHELDON, eenulne steam cabinet
baths. 9 Ellis St., second floor, room 22.
LOTTA DAVIS, genuine massage and cabinet
baths. 11l Geary st.
ROOMS papered, $2 50 up; whitened, $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth st., or 239 Third st.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St.. room 3.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Kearny st.. room 9.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought. sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Et.. room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120"* Geary st., room 11.
«5 LARKIN-Branch office of The Call; mib-
tcilptions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY. April 1. IS9S. Transfer bouks will
close on Saturday, March 26. IS9S. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIO.VS A'AXTED- FEMALE.
REFINED young woman desires situation as
working housekeeper; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter *-t.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework: $10 to $15;
reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT nurse desires situation; 4 years
last place; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
("i >MPETENT German cook desires a situation.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
QOVSRNESS (American) capable of teaching
grammar or primary studies, teachers' cer-
tificate, wishes position: experience and ref-
erences. Address Governess, box 2626, Call.
MOTHER and daurhter want work In same
house as cook and second girl; both com-
petent to take full charge. Box 2554. Call.
SITUATION hy 2 competent girls to do house-
work, ("all at Young Women's Cnrlstlan
Association. 1259 OFarrell st.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day
washing or housecleaning, or would take
washing home. 1213 Bush St.. near Hyde.
SWEDISH girl for housework and cooking.
31^3 Buchanan st., near Filbert.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day;
/ housework by the day. Call 911 Sacramento.
SITUATION wanted by 2 girls In the country
for chamber work; Southern California pre-
ferred. Box 2723. Call office.
EXPERIENCED lady, just from the East,
wishes position; in bath resort preferred.
Box 27-13, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation -at
housework; is a good cook and will do small
washing; wages $15. Address box 255 C, Call.
WIDOW wishes position to do cooking and
housework. 1016 Powell Bt. £Ss3BR
RESPECTABLE woman would ■ like work by
the day. 920 Kirkham St., Oakland.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation for cook-
Ing or housework. Please call 227 Hayes st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on a ranch: best of references.
1920 Howard St.. top floor.
WANTED— By an American woman, a situa-
tion as cook; would do plain- washing; pri-
vate family: references. 405 O'Farrell st.
BY a young girl, 16 years old. to assist with
light housework; small family: wages $10. 10
Mary Terrace, off Turk st., near Hyde.
WANTED— By a good girl, place to do cham-
ber work or wait on table. Call 658 Myrtle
Bt. or £.30 Eighth .-.t., Oakland.
WOMAN wishes s'.tuatlou to do housekeeping
or plain mending. 139 Fourth St.. room 10.
WANTED Re-engagement by stylish dress-
maker; $1 B0; cood fitter; suits made In 2
days. L.. 1041 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER, cuts and fits by McDowell
system, wants ; work at $1 per day and car
fare. SO6 Jones St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay. ;
WANTED— By , respectable first-class woman,
home and work In i;ood Christian family;
American preferred; honest and reliable; more
for home than wages; is good nurse. 17
Third st., room 7. .
WIDOW wishes any.- kind of work by the day
as laundress, plain sewing, mending or as
housekeeper ' where she can keep her little
girl with her. Address 637% Natoma st. .
YOUNG girl would like a place ■to do light
housework In a small family. Please call at
61 Zoe st., between Third and Fourth, Bryant
t and Brannan. --• . : .  . . ;
YOUNG , woman wants situation to do house-
■■' work In a ; small . family. 2 ( Vallejo court: ,
FIRST-CLASS neat srirl wishes , position as
uurse&rli aot le*o lllail $20. li£6 iii-vmlv/aj,:
Sl'l lATIO.NS WAN - ED— Continued.
dre^ Address MHS. WEST. 1= Hyde st.
' YOUNG woman student, accustomed to teach-
i ire desires summer employment as govern-
I esf'or comp^on^Box 2744, Call office.
; SWEDISH girl wants position to do upstairs
= work Please call at 3 Pfelffer si., between
j Dupont. Stockton. Francisco and Chestnut.
! SWEDISH wants situation to do second
i " work and waiting; private family. Box 2625.
Call office. , .
' F1R C T-»CLASS colored cook desires situation
as cook or chambermaid in private family or
boarding-house. Call or address 102-1 Jackson.
COMPETENT~laundress and housecleaner, with
best references and experience, wants work
by the day. terms $1. . Box -■»>• Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes to do gereral t housework
cock or care for children; $lo to $20. 229
Twenty-seventh st.
GOOD girl wishes situation to do general
housework and cooking. Call 530 Devisadero
St.. cor. Hayes.
I DRESSMAKER wishes to go out by the day:
fine fitter; references if desired; terms $1 oQ
per day. 112 Taylor st.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
! SI9B Howard St.. room 3.
I WOMAN to go out by the day washing or
cleaning. Apply at 523 Hayes, basement.
NEAT German widow desires position as
housekeeper, small household, or chamber-
maid; good seamstress; city or country.
Call 145 Minna st.
MAN and wife would like to go on ranch as
manager or on shares; fruit ranch preferred.
Address A. J. BIGELOW, 1119 Mission st.
LADY wishes to care for a doctor's office and
assist him with his patients. Address box
2756, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like a position; Is a [
good housekeeper. Call or address 1203 Mar-
ket St., room 98, second floor.
LADY from the East wishes situation aa
housekeeper or charge of furnished rooms.
Call . 102 Taylor St.. room 10.
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or will
do plain sewing and mending. 116 Sixth st.,
room 6. .
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; no children; no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2053. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St., corner
of Seventh, room 10. '
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese vestab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1i»97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hscing Co. 1&08 Poik; tel. Polk V~.
Japanese employment office; work ctaJTi
hour or evening. 122% OFarrell; tel. Davis 6Uo.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
bett help. iH\? O't'arrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki, 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
tel. East 777. SO5 Geary et.
YOUNG married man with reliable local refer-
ences desires position as collector, solicitor,
stock clerk or anything paying fair salary.
Address, fur interview, 43 Sixth st, room 42.
EXPERT accountant wants any situation; ref-
erences. Address box 2553, Call office.
r.i'Y I*> years old would like to learn hotel
work. Address 16 Wlldey aye.
YOUNG boy attending high school wishes em-
ployment or. Saturdays in store or office. Ad-
dress box 2735, Call office.
JAPANESE young boy wants a situation as
waiter on table- and housework In family.
Ad.lress F. IKEDA, 858 Clay St., Oakland.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
MAN and wife would like positions from
April 1; man as foreman in a vineyard, but-
ter-maker or ranch foreman; wife as cook
and housekeeper: best of references. Address
box 6, Santa Rosa, Cal.
STENOGRAPHER, special correspondent, with
6 years' experience In newspaper work, wants
position in commercial line; understands
bookkeeping and owna typewriter. Address
box 27L'7, call office.
MAN about place— Situation wanted by a
steady and sober man; thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses, driving, garden,
cows; best of references. Address 2745, Call.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife; man
understands farm, orchard and vineyard
work; handy with tools; woman good cook;
no children. T. S. H.. 2726 Mission st.
GOOD all-round German cook wants a steady
situation in restaurant or coffee and lunch-
house; moderate wages; best of references.
51 Third St., room 3.
AN old confectioner and fine cake baker wishes
situation by day or week; very moderate
wages or percentage. Address Confectioner.
1616 Stockton St.
YoUNG man wishes employment as assistant
bookkeeper, cashier or any other office work;
have experience and the best of references.
Address box 2747. Call office.
GERMAN gardener, understands propagating.
green houee work, vegetable growing, wishes
position on a private place; references. Ad-
dress box 2746, Call office.
GOOD all-round stableman wants a job in a
livery or boarding stable. Address box 2737,
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as janitor, porter,
elevator man, etc. 150JV6 Golden Gate aye.
JAPANESE first -class cook wants position;
has great experience In cooking for family.
HENRY K. KIML-RA, care H. Ide & Co.,
201 Sixth st.
RELIABLE, industrious. German gardener:
understands taking care of horses and cows;
handy around the place; references; moder-
ate wages and a good home; Oakland or Ala-
meda. Address box 2757, Call office.
GERMAN horticulturist, competent in every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. W. KLETT, 417 Har-
rison st
EXPERIENCED baker foreman wants a place
at once: references given. Address Baker,
30:> Third st.. Oakland.
HOTEL cook, good breadmaker, wants situa-
tion in country hotel. Address Cook, 514
Leavenworth st.
GENERAL blacksmith, married, no children,
wants work in country shop. Box 2772. Call.
YOUNG man 28 years of age, resident of New
York City, wants position as manager or
salesman for mercantile house or corpora-
tion to represent same in New York; quali-
fied by education and practical experience;
references and bond. Address J. G. GOULD,
18 West 103 d St.. New York.
YOUNG man, single, well educated, good rec-
ommendations, desires position of any kind:
moderate salary with chance for advance-
ment. Address L., box 2827, Call Office.
SITUATIONS wanted by German and wife
without children; man as foreman: under-
stands all kinds of ranch work; wife good
cook and housekeeper; both first-class refer-
ences. Address postoffice box 125. Livermore.
Cal.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 2Cc to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from fer y.
ELEVENTH. 10fi-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and wnnt ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK, institution, $25 to $30. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl, second girl and nurse, ranch,
$15: fare paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 NURSES, $25 and $20; 3 second girls. $25 and
$30; 10 housework girls, city and country, $20
and $25; 6 young Klrte, assist, $lil to $15. MISS
CULL. EN. 32f, Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and plain wash, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
LADY'S maid, $25; must understand massage.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
SWEDISH or Danish cook. $23; good place.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter Ft.
WAITRESS. $20, hotel, Colusa County. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German nursery froverness, $23;
German second girl, same house, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutler st.
I NEAT second girls, $15 each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, light housework. $12; good place.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter Ft.
YOUNG girl, assistant nurse, $10. MISS CUL-
LEN. 225 Sutter st.
NURSE, sleep home, $12. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter. St.
PASTRY cook, $35: 2 second cirls. city and
across the bay. $20 and $25: French nurse,
$25; cook and some housework, American
family. $23; 3 cooks. Gorman style, $23 and
$30; ironer In laundry, $25: 3 kitchen helpers
$15 and $5 week; and a large number of girls
for cooking and housework. J. F CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
ARM waitress, country restaurant, $20
and room; waitress, country hotel, $20;
woman for general housework on a ranch'
$20. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ!
nient Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
LADY stenographer and typewriter office
cashier and bookkeeper. 313 Bush st.
SITUATION for a very competent and ' reliable
': ■, German general bouse serv&aX. • U£Z market.
HELP WA\'-^D-Contlnned.
r^VAlTPE?SSEs"~Soutiiern California. $20; 3
3 wauresses summer resort, $20; German . cham-
b£makl and wait. $»; waitress ■ »2» ™J
room; restaurant waitress, to. C K. *ia->i
"■ SEN ft CO., 10$ Geary st. ■_
ARM waitress, Truckee. fare here. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. IPS Geary st. - .---
WAITRESS country hotel, fare paid, $20. C.
R. HANSEN ft CO.. IPS Geary .st.
GERMAN cook, see party here, :G_erman or
Swedish cook, $25: German cook. $25; German
girl. San Lorenzo. $20. see party here W
o'clock; Scandinavian girl. Be % edeie . $-0.
2 girls. Berkeley. $20; 5 house girls, $30; nurse
girl. C. R. HANSEN ft CO.. JOS Geary St.
COOK for small country hotel fare returned.
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Gea~> l " ■-
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners: sales-
ladies for department store; office assistant
for Sacramento. 1023 Market st. |
SELECT Ladle.- Clerks' "flange: strictly
confidential in its operations. b k \V^l
copyists, salesladies, clerks, etc. 1018 Wasn-
. intgon st., Oakland.
TWO second girls. $20: 3 cooks $25: seamstress.
$25. and others. MRS. HIRD. 631 LarKln.
WANTED-A Swedish girl who is a first-class
cook, belongs to no church, neier f oe^ ° u^:
family of 2; 2 meals a day; wng «^o mo nth.
references. Apply william PAULBEM,
Seventh and Mission sts^
YOUNG Swedish or German girl toj *°"*™
housework and plain cooking tor small famHy
in Mill Valley; wages $12 to Wo. Call morn
Ing, 637 Baker st., near McAllister.
GOOD finisher on custom pants. 1 CHARLES
COOPER, 622 Clay st., room 11.
GIRL with experience to "assist : general house-
work and children. Apply 1620 Hayes St.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; plain
cooking; references. 1708 Octavia st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. Inquire
at 2032 Pine st. ,
NURSEGIRL; care of 1 child only; $8; 2 In
family. 734 Laurel aye. ,
WOMAN to work in the kitchen; understand
cooking. 13 Polk st. _;
WANTED— Good plain-work ironer; good
wages. 790 Elizabeth st., between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth. m
WANTED— Neat girl for general housework;
must be good cook; no washing; wages Jlo.
Call from 1 to 5. 421 Ashbury st.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; sleep
home. 22 Seventh st. - m
WANTED— Housekeeper with female child:
woman under 25 years. Call at 539 Uay St..
Oakland, bet. 8 and 9 a, m. and 4 and a p. m.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew«
elry; low interest. Pncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WE have a few vacant machines for a number
of young girls who desire to learn operating
in our white and fancy shirt department.
STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS waitresses and chambermaids
will be found at the clubrooms of the Cali-
fornia Waitresses' and Chambermaids' Asso-
ciation. 329 Eddy st. ; telephone Larkin 837.
yOUNG lady barber as partner in barber shop
in Nevada; no money required. Inquira
DECKELMAN BROS., Barber Supply House,
106 Ellis st. .
WANTED— Bright woman looking for business
opening; must use good language and dress
neatly. Box 2750, Call office.
AT once, experienced pickle packers. 416 Fulton
St., Pacific Pickle and Vinegar Works.
WANTED— Operators on gents' white shirts.
521 Valencia St.
EXPERIENCED girl to work on vests. 14
Harriet st.
GIRL for Reneral housework, family of 3. IS26A
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser wanted at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDEKER.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing: call morning. 162S Sutter st.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
wear- a few inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36& Fre-
mont st.
' A No. 1 finisher on cloaks and capes. M.
SIMINQFF. 1228 Market st.
ROOMS. 25c to $1 day: $1 50 to $4 week; re-
spectable. 142 Seventh st.. Glrard House.
LEARN drenmaklns and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c. McDOWELLS. 103 Post.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
Bt. ; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE nresscutling School. 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
i 357 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
MALE HELP WASTED.
1 FLORIST for an institution. $35. board, room
and washing. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
IRONER. laundry, $30 and found. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
2 CAMP waiters, $25. for a mine: 4 waiters,
north, $40; 2 south, $50; 5 European plan wait-
ers, $35; 3 waiters, country hotel. $35 and
free fare; vegetable man. $20; boy to learn
baker's trade, $10 and found; baker's helper,
$15 and board; pantry-boy, $10; bellboy, $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
CIRCULAR sawyer, $60 and board; 2 milkers,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
MEAT cook who can make jellies, preserve
fruits, etc., for an institution, country, $75
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10S Geary.
MACHINIST, city shop: machinist, country
shop. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, U34-636 Clay st.
BARBER for a country shop, see boss here:
tailor for country shop. MURRAY &
READT, Leading Employment Agents. 634-
636 Clay st.
BAKER for a country hotel: camp cook, city;
4 cooks for different places, $-45, $30, $30, $25;
4 waiters, $30, $25 month. $5 week. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP
If you want the best help, Murray & Ready
will supply you with same "free of charge."
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.; tel. Main 5845.
THREE corpenters. $3 day. fare 30c, call early;
Danish milker. $25, see boss here; 9 farm
hands for different orchards, vineyards, etc.,
$25. $20 and $15: 3 milkers, different places: 5
laborers for sawmill and woods. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay St.
MARRIED farmer and wife, $30 and found: 3
choreboys for ranches. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
FOREMAN who understands grading, see boss
here; 25 laborers, city and country lobs.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
273 WOODCHOPPKRS for different places in
California, $1 25. SI and 70c cord; also man to
take contract to cut 2000 cords of — - * in.
Contra Costa County: 564 tlemakers. Be, 9c.
100 and lie each. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
Ing Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 miners, $2 day and board: far-
mer and wife. $2.">: no objection to 2 children:
can-washor: farmers: milker for Oregon. $25;
blacksmith ffelper. *40; timber-fellers, $45;
coppersmith, $3 to $3 50 day: and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 62S Sacrament..
WANTED— American baker. New England
style, $10 a week and found and increase;
cooks, waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man and wife on a ranch In San
Mateo County, no objection to 1 or 2 chil-
dren; farmers, milkers, waiter for institu-
tion; German farmer and wife. $40; and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
CONFIDENTIAL business agent; 2 traveling
salesmen; publisher's agent. 313 Bush St.
MAN and wife, position of trust. $S0: charge
of light profitable business; quick advance-
ment. 313 Bush st.
BOILER-MAKERS wanted at the Rlsdon Iron
Works. Beale and Howard sts.: G months
steady work for good men. Apply at Howard-
st. entrance.
WANTED— Young man 16 to 20 years old to sell
tanuiles. Apply at 525 Park aye., near
Twerty-thlrd. East Oakland.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
900 Battery st.
YOUNG boy to work In a restaurant at PAGE 3
& FALCH'S. 2 Turk st.
WANTED I—A1 — A German cook In restaurant. Ap-
ply 830 Howard st.
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply 504 Sutter st.
WANTED— Boy or young man for dishwasher.
32 Sixth st.
WANTED— Capable view man; half shares;
good outfit. Address box 2555, Call office.
KITCHEN help for restaurant. ISO 6 Market St.
GENTLEMAN of good address for outsida
man. S2 Donohoe building.
DENTIST, good all-around man. at once Box
2G27, Call office.
BARBER wanted for transient trade. SOS
Kearny st.
UNION Hotel. 1300 Turk St.— A good cook- call
early.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant ay.
FOR sale— 2-chair barber shop. 2102 Mi Howard
street.
CHINESE, good cook and laundry work. S2S
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Good tailor; steady Job. Call at 190
Jessie st.__^^P_VVA?f TED-Con tinned.
H SSSS? T S wan ted f " r 5* United States" |
Fa, ". corps. United States navy; able- !
Sf^^f -unmarried men. between the ages of !
?•„£ aI? rarfl'r arf1 ' * ho are citizens !of the
ii»i£Si tcs> or th " wno have legally de- i
clared their Intention to become such: must
be or good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
l£.r er L£ eet 6 inches and 6 feet In height. i
*or t rurther information apply at the re- '■
crultlng office. 20 Ellis St. San Francisco, Cal. j
BE A MEN and green hands wanted to co in a
_ ■team whaler. V,M. LANE, 504 Davis st. " !
TOUXG man to learn barber trade in 4 to -6
weeks. 1542 Market st.
PARTNER for fir;;t-cl.i.=s bakery and confec-
tionery; does good business. Box 2754, Call.
BARBERS— To rent, best cation in city for 2-
chair shop. Apply at 312 Montgomery st.
"WANTED— 10 men ■to ■ occupy clean rooms;- 2
nights 25c or 75c week. U>; New«vlontgomery.
EXPERIENCED ad. solicitor for good publi-
cation; liberal commission. Address box 27C5
Call Office. '
"WANTED— A barber to rent a furnished shop.
•Ai>nly at grocery, corner Greenwich and
Baker sts.
WHEELWRIGHT; one that understands run-
ning machinery and an all-around black-
smith's helper. Address or call on BEMENT
__& WILSON, Redwood City.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and carpenters for
coast, Australia and Europe. HERMAN'S,
-" Stenart st.
BARBERS" Progressive Union: free employ-
_ ni ° !1: Bernard. Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
FIXE coat makers v.-anted. Apply bet. 10 and
__M a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
ANTED — Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 523 Market St.. room 7. from 2 to 3 p. m.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
11 CHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. -Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. £17 -hird it.: 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
St., men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 250 per
1 _ night; 60c. Me and $1 per week.
MEN to leaj.i barber trade in eight weeks.- S.
I-. Barber CoUcire. 188H Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.; near
Market; 200 rooms, 23c a night; reading-room;
tree bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Tlooms 23c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and i> night; 75c and $1
™'<>gK- JUndoll House. Sixth end Howard sts.
• MARKET, Sfi3^ (Ek-ho House)-Rooms 20c lie
to 30c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED — collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knex Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth, ,
for a room: : :,c a night: SI a week. . :
»^—— .^ — — — i
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED- Lady with some means to Join j
young man in established grocery and saloon.
Rox 2734. Call office.
PARTNER or man to work in blacksmith's
shop above Ocean View on electric road.
PARTY with n00: gilt-edge proposition; suit- j
able fr.r lady; investigate. Pox 2821. Call.
F I" It N ITUR I : WASTED.
HIGHEST prices to 611 new building. 840 Mis- '
ston st.; lei. Mint 18X1.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 13 Mont-
gomery st :■ highest prices paid. Tel. r>«vl« 71.
wan iron— '!i!»; ;:<,l.\m;oi
WANT] ffciis for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern api aratus; secoaj-
hpnd. 109 Montgomery st. I
PAWNBROKER-OH gold. silver. cast-off i
clothing bought. Add COI.EMAN, 41 Third. !
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
a. TRIP to the Klondike— Grand illustrated I
lecture by Prof. Tulloh. with over luO beau- ;
tiful Btereopticon views at Golden Gate Hall, j
G25 Sutter St.. Saturday. March 26: doors i
open at 7:30; prices 26c and 60c: see bills.
KLONDTKERS, your outfit is of no value with- I
oat a Eureka patented portable gold washer; [
do not fail to tnlte one along; you get more |
gold than you tan carry, 319 Bush st.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and j
good men at gen, -mi work who are going to j
DawsQn can, on the way 'up, work out V.'.ii |
to $200 of their fare, via St. Michaels. Apply
The Gold Star Co., Mills building. San Fran.
BY joining Lewis' expedition the Klondike
country can be reached for -half: new
ate; number limited: investigate this. Room j
321, Safe L>epcslt building 1 . ,' j
KIiOXDUCB provisions. }<*«PRi ■■• prices, packed ■
. and delivered to boats. BBARUORO & CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
MONEY loaned on watches. . diamonds" Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
4 GOOD dogs; well broke: a snap. Sunset
Horse Market, 145 -Valencia st.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sHle
at FJO Van Ness aye.
YITKON dog harness; best made. for. «ale by :
all outfitters. SAMMANN. 123S Flllmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts. . ;
KLONDIKE dop-s: al«o Great Danes and Fox i
terriers. KILLTP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market st. ;
CHEAPEST and best -Klondike stoves in the ]
world. HOLMES A CO., 416-413 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike: three Scotch collies, broke .
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Paclflc st
GENIJI arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. • L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing resaels and ■
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter.
DKXTISI 9.
A FULL sot of teeth, ?5: see new flexible |
platf-p; light and thin; warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. BOg:" crowns, $3 50; all .
work painless and warranted. Chicago. Den- ;
tal I'arlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. Jo up: silver
jillinss. 2ic up: gold crown*. $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
6&7 Market St., cor. Sixth: "Phone Jessie 1693.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, Coc;
plates, 55; gold filling, up; silver, Mo up;
plates mended, $1 up; open fveninea and
Sundays. S6'j Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM "HILL, 144.1 Market st., nr. 11th; j
no charge for extracting when plates are :
made: old plates made over like new; teeth ,
from }8 per set: trading 50c; gas -given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
819 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30, 31 and 32. fifth floor. ■
L A TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bWg.. Bth floor, rms. 603-607.
at t, work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SFT of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. - ■
c- LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The CalL
rjpt!nns no 1 "'ant ads taken.
" LUST.
— young greyhound dog: fawn brindle
color; tag on collar. No. (!.".«. Return to 617
Eddy si and . get a reward. .
PORES I medal, with inscription Court Hu-
bertus 7125. P. C. R.. E. Danneil; liberal re-
ward; reurn to 13 Third st. a. HOFFMANN.
SMALL bunch keys; lost between Sixth st. and
Palace Hotel. Return to Palace Hotel office
and receive liberal. reward. _ .. '.
LOST— A plain black purse, bet. Tenth and
Twelfth st*., on Howard. Return to 284 Va-
lencia st.; reward. . . ■ ;
LOST— ATpassboolT with the Hlbernia Savings
. and Loan Society of ' San- Francisco, In the
name of MR3. ANNIE REGAN, Np. 130. 608.
• The finder will please return to the bank.
CASH givenfor old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. __■
MARKET. «— Branch office of The Call: want
arts on<l subscription* taken. ' '____
POUND.
FOUND— Karly November, young brown curly '
<J,ig; owner can have it by paying^ light ex-
penses, else be sold. Box 2726, Call Office.^
ATI OHM: YS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bills-of-eale. patents, ;
trademarks, etc.: established -10 years. C«. W.
HOWE, att-at-!aw, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
CO. Air! M us.'ili NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of copartnership — No-
tice is hereby given that the co-partnership
of HOFFMAN & DAHL. heretofore existing
and doing business- at 220 Market street, in
this city, under the firm name of The: San :
Francisco Steam Show Case Works, Is this
day mutually dissolved. MR. "FRANK HOFF-
MAN, who will hereafter conduct the busi-
ness, will pay all debts, and Is authorized to
collect all debts due Baid firm. -*•
drf.'-j.'.. . ... FRANK HOFFMAN. •
JOHN DAHL. :
Ban Francisco, March 19, 1888. *
BttbfHKSJ CHANCES.
$500— PARTNER wanted in okl established HO*-.
ner saloon, doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; very best location in wholesale district; '
o*ij honest and industrious man need ap- j
Ply. WILKE, 788 Market si.
?50O—RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; close to
i theaters; doing a rushing business; no cheap j
prices; must sacrifice; partners" can't agree. 1
Cam WILKE, 753 Market st.
A— s7so; OLD established restaurant, 1 block I
from cor. Fourth and Market; kept by owner j
years and doing a rushing, good-paying busl- |
ness; investigate soon. WILKE, 753 Market. :
BAKERY and confectionery, established for.
the last 30 years, doing a rushing store busi-
ness; only first-class cash customers; no low
' prices; the best location in this city; living
rooms; rent low; buyers given a trial; no I
better place In the market; investigate; you
will find a bargain. WILKE. 783 Market st.
$225— PARTNER wanted by a lady in pork and i
delicacy store; choicest location; close to j
Market St.; doing llrst-class paying business; |
rare chance for good man. Inquire \VILKB» (
783 Market st. : ,
A— s43o; CORNER saloon on San Bruno road, j
with 3 living rooms; rent ; $2O; good paying
place and stock worth, the money. WILKE.
>:: Market st. *-. - -
KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22% Geary.
I Coffee parlor and bread bakery; central.
— Stationery, school supplies; near school.
$22;.— Cigars; daily receipts $10; snap.
$300— Dressmaking and tailoring; clears $100.
$500— Corner grocery and bar; living rooms,
$2100 Florist: 2-acre nursery under glass.
$3000— Bookblndery and blank-book manf'ry.
Hundreds of other bargains; investigate.
A—ssso;A — $550; 200 masquerade and theatrical cos-
tumes; well-located business; est. 1875; good
chance for bright woman. KREDO & CO., i
22,4 Geary st. ..
A—s2so;A — $250; confectionery and icecream parlors; ;
elegant place near city. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st. ' '•
$200— CORNER saloon; down town; in vicinity [
1 of the wholesale houses; well stocked; doing
an excellent 'trade; good fixtures. M. LESS,
705 Market st
; $250— PARTNER wanted in well paying res-
taurant: central; owner tired ol unreliable
help; trial given to suitable party. Apply :
M. LESS. 765 Market st.
DAY saloon; established i'< year*; among
wholesale houses; value of stock fully $2000;
business speaks for itself; full investigation;
an Al proposition. Apply at once to M. LESS,
7SS Market st.
$650 SALOON, near Kearny and Market sts.;
must sell "ii account of other business; cheap
rent; positively the be^t bargain in the city, j
McLAUGHLJN \ CO., 23 Kearny Bt
SALOON, city front; bargain If Bold this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$450 -MECHANICS' restaurant and lodging-
house; bargain on account of departure. Mc-
LATJGHLIN >v CO.. 28 Kearny st.
I $300— STATIONERY and variety store; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin & co.. 2:; Kearny st.
SALOON; bargain; departure cause ot 1
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
I LLOON; good paying business. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & co.. 23 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT, near Market and East sts., do-
Ing tine business; (.heap. DECKER, 1020
Market st. . |
:. feed and boarding stable; ;
ilished 2" years. PECKER, 1020 Ms
; . re ranch; new o-room house; barn; ;
50 acres grape land; 30iK> cords WO id;wood will
pay net $3 day for lv years. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st
Mil: grocery and Uir; a barg 1
cry and bar; bf-st corner in city.
-Very nice cigar-store; good location.
$: 0 Branch bakery and notions; paying well. !
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market st.
LADY having nice home in Western Addition
wishes partner, artist or first-class dress-
maker, to establish dressmaking and milli-
nery parlors. Box 277tJ, Call
:. PARTNER wanted in light business suit-
•■i to stea.lv man satisfied with ils to $25 a :
week; no experience required; trial given.
724'j Market St., room 17.
FOR Sale— Argonaut route and other weekly
papers; g od thing fdr schoolboy. Box 2.21,
1 all office.
FAMILY liquor store; well stocked; splendid
location; good trade; low rent; excellent
chance for risjht party; a bargain. Inquin.
...
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew- '
elry: low interest. I'nclp Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CORNER saloon; ir< « "l stock of liquors and
irs"; bargain. 243 Folsom St.
GROCERY and b,-r for sale on account of j
sickness. 64^ Minna st.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
LRTNEH for well paying family liquor
store; well located. 1;.. x 2828, Call office.
FOR Sale — Business of the late John Gross;
oldest established candy factory and ice '
cream parlors in San .loaquin County. Ad-
! 25 North El Dorado st.. Stockton. Cal. j
WANTED— Home in private family (or boy 4
years old; must be thoroughly first class: :
state particulars; no other children. Box
Call.
$700 — BARGAIN; good paying grocery busintss;
living- rootns; central location. 11. E., box 102,
Call I ifflce.
FOR sale— Restaurant and chophuuse: best
location; opposite the ferries. IS East st.
RENT $30 — Good paying restaurant; oak furni-
ture; steady boarders. 1806 Market st.
Fi 'X Bale— Good-paying grocery store. For par-
ticulars cail at 409 Sansome st.
CORNER saloon for sale on account of death;
cheap. 1121 Harrison st.
GOOD-PAYING restaurant; average $18 per
day. trial given. 2424 Mission st.
GROCERY and bar; old-established corner;
good stock; good business; four living-
rooms. Inquire WICHMAX, LUTGEX &
CO.. 320 Clay st.
sii<>i; store; well-established custom trade. Ap-
ply Call Branch Office, 339 Hayes st.
j OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; ln-
• gate at once. 248 Fourth st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop; fir*t-class trade;
I location. 1089 Howard st.
BUTCHEBS ftxtures, complete outfit, for sale:
cheap. Apply 1121 Mission st.
i FOR nale — Corner grocery and bar; goodToca-
tlon. l- r >,"2 Folsom st. •
878 BUYS the nicest central located restaur-
ant; clears J65 month. 40fi Geary st.
[GAR store, with 4 rooms in rear. BAR-
RETT. 112:, Market st., above Seventh.
(Veil fst.ihllshed custom trade shoe store;
goo,] repairing. 4102 Nineteenth St., near
Castro.
SALOON for sale on account of sickness. Call
and see owner. 22S Brannan st.
RARE chance, for cash, the most perfect and
well-known dressmaking establishment In
this city; transaction absolutely trustworthy;
must be disposed of at once. For particulars
address box MM, Call office.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts.. rent
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market St., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
FIRST-CLASS cigar-stand: proprietor leaving
city. L., box 20, this office.
COUNTRY call route for sale. Apply Call
office^
WANTED- Partner saloon; open day a/id night
for 50 years. 850 Sacramento st.. northeast
corner of Kearny.
FOR sale — One of the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st :
PATEXTS--P.MITH & OSBORN. Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established 1882. 319 Pine St., city.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inqulra this
office or ».t JS3 Third Bt., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
LOOGIM. HOI ; SES FOR SALE.
lfi-ROOM house, new furniture; price only.J 3Wi
n rooms ".i Hyde St.; offer wanted 500
22- room house; new and good 750
2! rooms; fine location; only 7"i
is rooms: sunny corner 1100
58 rooms;; rent ?-'*: good furniture 2500
•n\ tun payments 600
66 rooms; easy payments 2500
ll'r-rr.om house; clears $350 G."HM
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100
12 rooms, on O'Farrell: clears $50 500
11-room house; sunny corner; fine 500
2C rooms; new and good 800 |
3 rooms, on Mission WOO !
595 9 rooms, on Market; clears 12.V3 2SOO
H C DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
25 ROOMS in Oakland; clears $100: will sell or
exchange for ranch. DECKER, 1020 Market.
KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22% Geary.
48 rooms; best in city ...$2,000
26 rooms; Marki-t; a give away. 450
23 rooms: all housekeeping: make offer.. 700
17 rooms, near Plaza: always full BO
IS rooms near Market: rent $45 300
14 rooms; Golden Gate; 5nap.............. 400
12 rooms; Market: boarding; clears $7a.... 67c>
11 rooms; Ninth; clears $50; bonanza...... 400
10 rooms: Ellis: new and g00d............ 300
- rooms; Market; offices pay rent........ 200
. Hundreds of others at your own price.
S7OO— FIRST-CLASS 18-room house- pays hand-
Bomely: G. E. LAWRENCE & CO., 629 Sac-
ramento at. ■ •■" ■
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
trnnsi.nt house A for sale; no "reasonable
offer refused. Box 2035. Call office. ;- -^
"~ PHYSICIANS.
TIR C C O" DON NELL, office and residence, :
1206 Market; diseases or women a specialty.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
HOI'SES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN — —
You ree houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOW ELL, 10 Montgomery^
HOUSE to let; partly furnished; 9 rooms; $45.
7-7 Ashbury st. ■
JULIAN AYE.. 137, near . ixteenth fnd Mis-
sion; 7-room house and bath; $I£k
MCALLISTER. SIS — Sunny house, 8 rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $35.
OAK. 421— Stylish Eastlake residence. 8 rooms
and bath; latest improvements. %V>.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, :> rooms, bath; fine basement; rent
.>. 2913 Bush Bt
; ROOMS fW, or will pc-11 Sf.O cash: balance $12
per mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. GIC Market St.
FIjATS TO LET.
ELEGANT top flat; .' rooms, bath; latest im-
provements. -IVj Grove St.. nea^CJty_Hall._
FELL,~IIIB— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
LARKIN, 627, nr. cor. Ellis— Sunny upper mod-
ern flat; 6 rooms, etc.; $25^ t
MODERN 5-room flat. 125 Ash aye.. bet. Polk
and Van Ness, near McAllister^
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
. bath; si:..
aiNG up 'Phone Brown 222 ir you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SUNNY Hat, ."> large rooms; modern Improve-
ments. 27 Elein i'ark.
$7 SUNNY lower flat. 3 rooms. 31 Rondel, off
Sixteenth, near Valencia,
513— NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms, bath; gas and
yard. 3980 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe-
US— WATER free: sunny . lower 4-rooir. flat;
modern; large lot; garden. 4C75 Twenty-third
St.. few steps from Castro: care key 40<l.
$30 LOVELY new sunny upper flat, 7 rooms
and bath. -'324 S-utUr st.
HOUSEKEISPIIfG ROOMS.
DIAMOND El 6 —3 large sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping: bay-window; bath;
price $9; Cantro or Twenty-fourth st. cars.
EDDY M.v-Two or 4 unfurnished or furnished
rot ins; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
FIFTH, 428' Front room aril kitchen com-
pletelj furnished for housekeeping.
GEARY, 729 Five unfurnished sunny rooms;
upper part; yard; rear.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 311- Large alcove front
rooms for housekeeping; running water; gas
range; rent reasonable.
GItOVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
rurnlshed S-roon) suites with gas stove.
11 _RRI£ON, 94fi Nice sunny front n>..ms com-
plete for housekeeping; also single rooms;
reasonable.
HICKORY aye., lufi, near Franklin— 2 nicely
furnished sunny rooms for housekpp; cheap.
HOWARD, 1138, bet. Seventh and Eighth—
Sunny fr. >nt room; kitchen; rent reasonable.
JESSIE, 3f.r,. near Fifth and Market -2 sunny
housekeeping rooms, complete, t'.> per month.
LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post— Large
room and kitchen; unfurnished: reasonable.
MINNA, 573, - nth Large sunny
rooms; complete; yard; aiso single; cheap.
MISSION. l<ii.:i Sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping: no objection to children.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NATOMA, 701, corner Eighth— 2 furnished
front rooms; single; also housekeeping.
NINTH. 20- Bunny suite, complete for house-
keeping, $11 mo.; Blngle, ta up; water and gas.
O'FARRELL, 406% 1 or % unfurnished bay-
window rooms; s;:n all day; rent reasonable.
SEVENTH, ;::-; Ni.-.ly furnished rooms;
housekeeping'; sun ail clay; lark'- y&rd.
SUITE of two nice from sunny housekeeping
rooms; two fine double folding beds; furniture
all new; rent $3 |.cr week; suitable for 3 or
4 persons. Apply at shoe Btore, 562 Mission
Bt., between First and Second sts.
si NXV unfurnished rooms; marine view; $4.
26G Chestnut St.
SUTTER, 2620— 3 rooms, wasbtubs, use of
bath: furniture of kitchen and bedroom for
sale if desired.
THIRD. .W- -Furnished room complete for
housekeeping, $.'• to $7; sunny bedroom, $4.
THIRD, 516—3 pleasant sunny rooms for house-
keeping, With bath; $10 per month.
THIRTEENTH, K6, between Mission and Va-
lencia— 2 furnished connecting rooms for
housekeeping, with yard; rent $10.
TWKLFTH. 14j— 2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
VALENCIA, 804- ?• or 4 nice sunny bay-window
rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:10
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tiens and want ada taken.
ROOMS TO LET;
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Sunny front rooms and
suites: also 3 complete for housekeeping.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every raspect: terms reasonable.
BOND, 18, off Mission— Nice large front room
and kitchen; complete: $12 mrnth: also nice
front room: suitable 1 or 2 gentleman.
BOHEMIA, *S9 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
BROADWAY, 7OO, corner Stockton-- Three hand-
somely furnished connecting parlors, suitable
for doctor or dentist; has been occupied by
doctor for 14 years; reasonable rent. *•
CENTRAL House, 52 2d— Good family <& single
rms.; day, 25, .".Or; wk., $1 25. $2 50; mo., $5 up.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished - single
and double rooms, $3 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week, $2 to $<;; families.
EDDY, 522—1 large furnished room: afternoon
sun; $10 to $12. .
FIFTH, IC7— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOURTH, 222% — Nice furnished rooms, single
and double, $1 upward. * .
GEARY, 518 — Large sunny bay-window room;
sunny suites; other rooms; light housekpng. •
GEARY, — Nice sunny room in private fam-
ily^ ; ■■
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES. 562—3 lovely sunny connecting rooms,
$18; single, $10, $7, $4; housekeeping if desired.
HOWARD, 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
MARY TERRACE, 16. off Turk, near Hyde
Newly furnished sunny rooms; private family.
MCALLISTER, oil— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reas.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms. $1 50
to $4 50 week, $6 to $15 month; also house-
keeping.. \_ :
OAK, 22 — Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2: nice location.
O'FARRELL. 231— Having Changed hands;
rooms . thoroughly . renovated; reasonable.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms
gas: running water; $1 week up: sunny. ■■
PINE, 647— Single rooms for gentlemen; gas,
grates, running water, etc.; cheap; private.
PINE, 920E— Neat furnished rooms; suite and
single; gas and bath.: •
POLK, ■ 607— 1 or 2 large . sunny front rooms;
kitchen if desired; very reasonable.
POLK. 919— Elegant large sunny front par-
lor. $15. ■■• - ■•■
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms;, reasonable.
POWELL, 503— nicely furnished sunny
rooms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
POWELL, 203 ■ (The Montello)— suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 - Eighth St.,
.near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE, 16-18 European; els-
gant rooms; suite or single; t'.ay, week or
month; baths; hot and cold water; transient;
elevator., _ _■ ;__!_
STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second— Taftors"
workrooms to let.' ' ; . ' •
STOCKTON. 17— European; elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month: baths;
■ hot and cold water; transient; elevator. ■
SUTTER 715-717-719, and 609 Furnished
and unfurn.: choice and sunny; reasonable.
BUTTER 791* (Sutherland Hotel)— Nice sunny
rooms; suites or single; elev.-itor: moderate.
TAYLOR !i- Bultei from $3 50 week up, with
use of kitchen: 50c and $1 a day.
TENTH, US, old No. Ill— Large sunny front
bay-window- room, $10 per month.
CH KA PEST^und best In America— Th» Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOITsALE— 713V4 Minna St., 4 rooms complete-
ly furnished; ready for housekeeping; ready
to move in; cheap.
FUKNITURE of 5-room flat for sale cheap on
account of sickness. 797 Mission st.
BOARDING AND ROOMS. •
FELL~^&— Sunny parlor, ■ with lst-class board
for 2, $35 mo.; single rooms agents preferred.
FULTON 833 (Mizpah)— Elegant front suite:
modern; quiet; flrst-class board; rates rea-
sonable. . . '- ' ■_
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to ?■". per* week; nice location.
HYDE Front sunny alcove and single
rooms; first-class board, couple, $36 mo. up.
HYDE 9 n a Sunny . suites; first-class board;
quiet'- homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
TON. ;■ ; - ' . - ' ■ :
SOUTH PARK 139— Good table board.' $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
TURK — Nice room two gentlemen; bath;
gas; grate: board; private family; $35.
VAN NESS aye., 808 — Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished, with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GERMAN lady without children would like 1
or 2 children to board: a mother's care. Ad-
dress • 13' 2 Harrison aye., : off Folsom, bet.
Seventh and Eighth.
CHILD to board in family; mother's care;
terms moderate. 312 Hickory aye.
elderly lady will take infants to board; a
" mother's' care; references. 234' Sixth st.
STORES TO. LET.
HOWARD! ISM Store to let; 2 living rooms:
rent cheap. ~ ''.
NINTH 500— Corner store, new fixtures; 3
' rooms' and stable; rent low.
SUMMER RESORTS.
_3__GANTLY furnished hotel In Mill Valley.
30 rooms, baths and all latest improvements;
beautiful grounds; unsurpassed view; only
_ hour from San Francisco; rent low. Par-
tfculars. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages. English' branch-
es- electrical civil and mining engineering:
• surveying assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRFS' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, .$5O; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
in_ mech survey, assay. arehH. ; day & eve.;
est.' Sit VAN PER NAILEN. f-33 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
ccrse in Tan's .ounting-roorn makes you
thorough. Room 572. B6S M.irket^st^
WEIJSTER 21'T' I'iano teacher; studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
cay ipranCISCO P-uslness College. 1236 Mar-
kft st; 12-i' rSsltlons In 'W; 103 in '97.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic writing, gram-
mar: day, night: $■"• mo. la»4 Market, op. Sth.
Gl'ITMt mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WKSTHAUS. 33 Fifth.
VOICE CUlti ■ Paris graduate: French,
Spanish; new classes: f» mo. 10» Taylor st.
61 R lARKIN 9T ''.ranch office of Tho Cail.
jg-.ibsc'rtptl'-ris nr..' want nd« tnkpn.
__USICAIi DIBTRB -lICNTS.
WHATS TH ' T YOU ABJBT
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL XoW WHAT DO YOU -.VANT?
A oiiino made in IS9S, with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern in every
respect with all the late attachments, or the
same oid piano made from 1849 soUes?
I have a piano to sell that I will guaranty
from top to b. tiom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
lmr and store, and as the manufacturers also
ba«-k this Instrument with $2,000,000, this. I
! think, s good guarantee.
The piano is th? Kingsbury.
Tho pri.-e is $225.
AS we are gelling g"od upright pianos for $G
cash and $8 1 ■•■'' month, we ask you to investi-
gate and appr ive this method. Prices are the
same as If 1 urchased tor all cash. Bargains
!n good Beeond-hand uprights upon same easy
i.aymcnis and some good pianos- for $3. $4 and
$6 per month SETERMAN, (LAY & CO..
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts. Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Fnrrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
Fatisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall: piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others it all prices.
BENJ. CUHTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos* the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvals Music Co., 7C9 Market; agts.
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Kausjr, Newby. Evans.
Bricps and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post Ft.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on inscall-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
FINE upright cheap: for rent or installments.
16 McAllister St.. next to Hibernia Bank.
FOR SALE— A good upright piano (full size) at
a sacrifice. Address box 2732. Call Office.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. "W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scaliv. new styles.
KOIILER & CHASE, 30 OF.-irrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, I zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 13S Ellis.
HORSES.
\V \XTEL>— A pair of young and gentle carriage
horses. Address or call Rlx Engineering and
Supply Co.. 507 Market st.
TO rent— A stable for livery or dairy business;
good location. Address box 2728, Call office.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st. '
WANTED— old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress .Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
■ 40 HORSES for Bale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. T.TVAV *- TIOTLE. Auctioneer*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and opeD
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
FOR SALE— St. Bernard, Great Danes, fox ter
riers. black French poodle don and bithches;
closing out kennels. R. WANNUMUACHER.
108 Fourth st.
BARGAIN-~Lamson cash register; in perfect
order: price *SO. WXCHMAN, LUTGEN &
CO., 31S Clay st.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings reduced to
$123; worth double the money. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SCHOONER yacht. 44 feet long, keel boat;
good condition. Hox 27t"4. fall office.
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos. electri-
cal goods; new, 2d hand. Smith C 0.,527. ,527 Mission.
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects. 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUT'-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
COMPLETE sel of tinning tools for sale cheap.
<554 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1022
Mission St., above Sixth.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. «24 Mission : Tei. So. 787.
WTTIPKY. Kentucky, '97: bonded wart-house
San Francisco; S9c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., S.in Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheappr than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand- all
sizes; half original cost. 10ft-11l Market. S. F.
QRAPHOPHONRS, $1": Record*, ffi per dozT
Projectoscope. $100. Bacißalupl, 933-J4O Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-track, letter-press,
desk ar.-J safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARP. showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bonght, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold"
machine supplies. 14.1 Sixth st. ; phone Mint 45.
T_ PEWRII EKS.
YOST, good order. *25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of Tin Call,
•übscrliitiona mid want ads taken.
MATRIMONIAL.
GERMAN lady wishes the acquaintance of a
middle-aged gentleman; object matrimony.
Box 2731, Call office.
[ ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March •'Wedding Bell"; 1G pages: no $5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St., San Franrlsc.-
BCSINESS PERSONALS.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframr-d; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c; Sxlu and 10x11'. Xc; 11x14 and- L2xll
14x17. 85c; 10x20, 30c; ISx22. 35c; 20x24. 45c; 22s
2S, 60c; curtain poles complete. 15c; rm. mold-
ing, all colors, lc ftjopen eve. Jones., 47 M
COME into the largest hair dressing establish-
ment on the Pacific Coast; beet of service,
2*o only: good switches. $1; best, finest qual-
ity, $3 50; extra heavy, long, *5: open Sun-
days from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 pc- night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic is. in all cases, en-
tirely harmless. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 27>, second floor.
PAINTING, papering, ttntin*. whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Banaome at
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS &- CO., 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton Ft. ; phdne Mala 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LF.MOS. 1117 Market «t.. hot. 7th and Sth.
HRKSSM'/JKEBS,
KAN FRANCISCO Ladies" French Tailoring
College, 910 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant.' stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy Ft., rm. 86.
615 LAKKlN— Uranch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want nrls taken.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; burn double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50a,
gents $1; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ft [Sfi BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st.. me, in I>\ 2;id l!..<ir.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: charms given. 73 Fourth.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
' magnetic healer. Room 2. 120% Geary st.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2Sc; ladies. 914 CParretl st.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card render, magnetic treatment. 4ol Leavnwth.
MISS MELVII...E. (treat clairvoyant and
water reader. 921 »4 'Mission: German spoken.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, 813 Kearny St., room
2; mind-reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
Fittinprs dally. 123H Sixth st . room 14.
GTPBT life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., Be; G., BOc; no sign. 1 7th.
MME. RAVENA read* life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2."> c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. T>K. AXXA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession: never fails: advice: help. 923 Post.
SPIUITLALISM.
TRUMPET seance to-ni.L-ht. 8 o'clock. 25c; Sun-
day, 12 m., Mother Sadie seance. 403 Leaven-
worth st.
Ml;s ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing cir-
cle Friday evening; 50c. 322 O'Farrell st.
COME to-night, S o'clock -harp: grand spiritual
test. PROF. GEE, :•:" Market st.: 10c.
LADIES' Aid social to-night; g 1 programme;
.lancing. 605 McAllister s-t.; 10c.
MRS; XI US, mo.!."!:-. 533 Valencia; sittings.
$1; circles Tues.. 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m. ; 25c.
Ji. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. lIS Halght st.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Ed'ly St.. room 3.
MRP 3. 3. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The <-...».
Want mis and subscriptions taken.
HYPNOTISM-
B \X FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics: private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TURMAN. Sec
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
E0 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, .privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; cail or write, free: con-
fidential. PR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2. '
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; 'instant relief for travelers; turners re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement ;
best care and privacy; fur guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. SIS Post St., nr. Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN, -t ! )l Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician- a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled- 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2.
A SURE safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sl^k or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when Other! fall; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause: restore in 1 day: never fails; eonsujta-
tfon free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 31$ Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restore* instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used: cure at of-
fice J.V consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. 111S Market st. • .
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: price
SI 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
"c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento, Cal.
AT PEAtTS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express COD.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 3S years' experience. 254^ Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. __
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKK. 1416 Sth St., Alnmeda.
CARPS'* CLEANING."
CITY Ste>arn~Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr>,
38"and 40 "Elght\ St.; telephone South HB.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
-end' to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
l-eating Works, 363-57 Tehama st. : tei. So. 40.
T WATTS reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tei l. Miiin 334. GKO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard: relaid at -3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st.; tei. Jessie 944.
_R_A._ Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; tei. Jessie 201.
J E MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
'st. : cleaning, Jc. a yard: tei. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate »'■<■■ : tei.' East 126. -
LEGAL. M>i__E_.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JACOB
C JOHNSON, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,'
ANNA E JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of" 'JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them iwlth
the necessary vouchers, within ten months
niter the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
SON CO , No. 400 Market st.. the same being
her place for the transaction of the busines*
of the said estate in the City and County ol
San Francisco, State of California.
ANNA E. JOHNSON,
Executrix of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, February 24, 189 S.
J- A. STEPHENS.
Attorney for Executrix. Claus Spreckels build-
Ing.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco,
March 16. ISUS— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSO.
there will be sold at public auction by K. S.
gpear & Co., ftt their salesrooms, 31 and 33
Sutter street, on
MONDAY, APRIL IS. 1593,
At 10 o'clock a. m.. sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed in
an inventory thereof on file in the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
consisting of Jewelry, wearing apparel, pis-
tols, knives, etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises,
clothing, etc., property of deceased persons
received from the Coroner of this city and
county. Open for inspection on morning of
eale A. C. WIDBER.
City and County Treasurer.
CITY RE.i ESTATE.
CHEAP house ar.d lot on Elsie or Cherubuseo
st., near Cortland aye.; lot 25x70, with neat
6-room house in good order; on!y $1800. Ap-
ply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents. C3O Market st.
LADIES accommodated with money at' home.
Ring up Uncle Harris. 'Phone Brown 323.
COIXTRY REAL ESTATE.
BREWERY for sale— Located in large town,
central Alameda County; capacity 2-i barrels
per day: complete running order: building i"x,
9ti. thoroughly well built, and outbuildings;
lot central corner, 25ijx225; everything re- |
quired in the business; sold only because of j
bad health and age of the owner; low price I
and easy terms.. Purchasers address C, box
2775, Call office.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches, Uncle Harris. IT. Grant aye.
40 ACRES host Napa County wine land for sale
very cheap; this place is a good business lo-
cation. Address MRS. B. HOERMANX, Mel-
rose, Cal.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co., bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfleld; house 7 r^jnis : 2 cottages
4 rooms: garden, orchard, etc: will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Est. Agts.. 630 Market.
FOR sale — 135 acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber: near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk, Mendocino Count- consisting of the NE.
Vi of BW. X ol' Sec. 31. township 14 N.. range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOPKKRS. Navarro, Cal.
WRITT\ fnr !i<t: good land. £0 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFVIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cat.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
A'iHa lots and acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN 1
LAND TRUST CO . 132 Market St. ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AN ofTer wanted; must be sold to pave fore-
closure: 6-nx>m house and lot 25x110 on Eighth !
St., 1 block from Market-st. Station; a small j
cash payment and balance monthly will se-
cure it. BELDKN & COOK, 1112 Broadway,
near Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
FOUR special bargains in new houses just
completed, ranging in price from $ISOO to
$4000: they are ideal homes, with the latest
design and improvements; near local stations,
car lines, schools, etc. ; must be sold at once; j
be sure and examine these properties be- i
fore purchasing; photographs and special de- |
scriptions as to location will (>■■ mailed free
of charge. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
MUST be sold -Comer lot. 100x150, with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of SSS per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold in whole or part; offer wanted.
J. OALLAOHAN. Sl4 Broadway, Oakland.
_OAKI . \M> FURNITURJE TOR SALJB.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHKLLHAAS' oid store, 408
Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA A OTERTISEMENTST
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
$750— Lot f>ox27o; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
Bchoolhouse.
$1200 — Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850 — $150 cash; $25 per month; lot 4^x150; only
I 2 blocks from station and nign scho.>!
j $3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
i 42x1".0: choice location: v^ry easy terms.
Houses to lf-t in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MQREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
BBBKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7 rooms;
larsre lot; street work done: near university;
r-.ify terms. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Bs-
tate. Berkeley station.
PKOPERTY 1O K.XCMANHI,
100 RANCHES; 3 to 2500 acres; all prices.
2.". houses and lots, from $500 to $25,000
2 stores and 6-roorfl flat; in city 5,000
3 fiats in Chicago; good street 6.500
Lot Golden Gate, Berkeley; "1x12(1 500
76-acre resort: hotel and hot springs 40,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 10M Market, opp. Fifth, S. F.
PROPERTY to exchange — 6SO acres of grain
and fruit land in Tehama County, SH inil^s
from ivilroad station, to exchange for resi-
dt-nc** in San Francisco in residence portion
i.f thf city; land valued at W. 000; free of in-
cumbrance; residence offered for exchange
must be unincumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento. Cal.
WHAT have you to exchange fnr East Berke-
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX,
106 Eleventh st.
MONEY TO l.n \V
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real, estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgumery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
! ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, wlth-
■ out removal: mdse in storage: life ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest: private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market Et; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry: all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUOAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs. - -
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates;: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121: established 1869.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery St.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7,. 508 California at.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist an,d 2d.mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH, 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry. • ■ ■■■..■'■
FINANCIAL. .
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFKK BROS.. ins Montgomery st.
PAWXBKOKEKS.
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. : private rooms.
MONEY WANTED. :':.
— Wanted In manufacturing business: 5000
shares of stock; security. 1309 • Broadway.
Oakland. •
_______
STORAGE.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023
Mission st., above Sixth: open evenings. ..
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. • 840 Mission Ft. Tel. Mint 1821.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of -persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. ■ ■■■ '
BORN.
CHRISTENSEN— 19, IS9B, to the wife
of P. Christensen, a son.
SCIIARF— In San J^se, March 17, 1898, to the
> wife of . Ernest, Scharf, : a daughter. ...
SUMMERS— In San , Jose, March 21. viB9S, to
the wife of Bert Summers, a daughter. . -
TNP.WATER— Near March 12, IS9B,
. to the wife of L. E. Tarwater. a son.
MARRIED.
RI Mi)T)_ PTENNER— In San Luis Obiapo.
Marrh 1!'. W«. W M. Eg*n, J. P.. Adolfo
I3udar and Maggie Stcnner.
r \MPBFLL— ZUMWALT— In San Luis Obis-
no March 20, 1888, by the Rev. Joseph
Shields, Charles Campbell and Nellie Zum-
walt.
CRONISE—TABER— March 6. 1898, Clement
Cronlse and Dasie Dean Taber, both of San
Francisco.
STEALET— HAWES— In this city, March 23,
189S, by the Rev. F. R. Farrand. Dr. E. M.
Stc-aley and Eva W. Hawes, both of San
Franciscn.
DIED.
Anderson, Lofta Kasson, Chester S.
Anderson. Soloma Lawlor, Terrence
Bohme, Mrs. Amelia Lee, Jennie
Broderirk. Katie E. Lonjr, Samuel C.
Burke. William F. Mciirath. John J.
Cllngerman, Ellen MrHugh. Margaret
Couley, Thomas H. Meyer, Frederick C.
Conway, Mary Morris, Pineus
Daggett, Mrs. Emma O'Farrell. Julia
Forner, Willie Salomon, Isidore
Gauehran. Maggie Schweitzer, Jacob
Gookin Thomas P. Smith, Mrs. Caroline
Hanson. Charles Wilson, Charles
HUdebrand, Kathrina Wolfe, Mary
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospital,
March 24, 188, Iytta Anderson, a native or
Sweden, aged 47 years.
ANPERSON-In Oakland. March 24. ISHR. Bo-
loma Anderson, aunt of Margaret Dohle, a
native of Alsace-Lorraine, France, aged w
years 1 month and H days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 27, at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets,
Oakland, under the auspk-> ol Dak Leaf
Chapter No. S. O. E. S. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
BOHME— Near San Jose, March 21. IS9S. Mrs.
Amelia Bohme, a native of Germany, aged
69 years.
BRODERICK— In this city. March 24, I«3S,
Katie E.. beloved daughter of the late John
and Ellen "Broderick. and si?ter of Lillie and
Eva Broderiek and Mrs. .1. B, Moran, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 9 months
and 3 days.
(C7*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 31 Sheridan street, between Ninth
ar.d Tenth. Folsom and Harrison. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
r"RKE— In this city, March 23. IS9S. Wil-
liam F. Burke, lieutenant of police, beloved
1 ; -land of Delia Burke, and brother of Pat-
: ■: ■■k A. ilurke, a native of the parish of
Tynatrh. County Galway, Ireland, aged 4s
years and 20 (lays.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:43 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2.JS Shotwell street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo. where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose <>f his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Y. M. I.— Bor'romean Council No. 129, Y. M. I.:
Officers and members of Borromean Coun-
cil No. 129, Y. M. Li are hereby notified to
attend the funoral of our late brother, Wil-
liam P. Burke, this day (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock sharp, from his late residence, 23S
Shotwell street. Fines will be strictly en-
forcei. JAMES. A. RILEY, President.
N. J. HOEY, Secretary-
CLINGERMAN— In this city. March 23. IS3B,
Enien Clincferman. beloved mother of A. M.
Cling-erman. a native of Pennsylvania, aged
5^ years 2 months and 4 days.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, trom her late resi-
dence, 141 Rose avenue, near Octavia street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CONLEY— In this city. March 24. 1898, Thomai
H.. beloved husband of Julia Conley, a na-
tive of Liverpool. England, aged 42 ■'■ears.
ItS?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlora
of Gantner & Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall
square, thence to St. Patrick's Church, Mis-
sion street, between Third and Fourth, for
services, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COX WAY— In Oakland, March 22. USB, Mary,
beloved daughter of Peter and Margaret
Conway, sister of James, Peter and Lizzie
Conway. niece of Mrs. M. O'Connell. and
cousin of William Pages, a native of County
Leitrim, Ireland, aged 25 years.
(T~?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
of her aunt. Mrs. M. Q'Connell. 1168 Seventh
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
DAGGETT— In East San Jose. March 22. 1-W.
Mrs. Kama Daggett, aged 51 years 7 months
and 27 days.
FORNER— In thiF city, March 23. IS3S. Willie.
only beloved s >n of William and Marie For-
ner, and brother of Stella. lima and Edna
Forner. a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years 7 months ami 11 days.
(C^The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from 2116 Pine street.
Interment private.
GAUGHRAN— In this city, March 24, ISPS,
Maggie, dearly beloved daughter of James
and Mary Gaughran, and sister of John.
Jennie, James, Teresa. Robert, Joseph and
Frances Gaughran. Mrs. T. F. Bannon and
Mrs. T. W. Kelly of Santa Cruz, a native of
San Franc s. i >
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 27, at S:Hu o'clock, from the family
residence, 2»r>7 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter' 3 Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Ctoh Cemetery*
GOOKIN— In this city. March 24. IR9S. Thomas
I.. dearly belove'. husband of Lena Go>>kin.
father of Mrs. Albert Kelshaw and Carrie
Qookio, ami stepfather of Mrs. s. Lulling
and Charles W. and Fred Keil, a native of
Portsmouth. N. H., aged 73 years 10 months
and 15 days.
HANSON— In this city. March 21, IS3S. Charles,
husband of Charlotte Hanson, and father of
"William H. Hanson, aged 64 years and 6
months.
tC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday). ;it 11 o'clock, fr«>m his late resi-
dence, 1208 Van Ness avenue. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by special train.
Please omit flowers.
HILDERRAND-In this city. March 23. IS9S,
Katharina. beloved wife of George Hilde-
brand, sister <>f Marie Schmidt, and mother
of George H. and Henry- Tiotjen. Mrs. Harry
Reiehstetter and Kmi!, Ariolph. Otto and
Leland Hildebrand, a native of Merken-
fritz, H<'ssi'n-I>armstadt, Germany, aged 51
yean 7 months and 5 days.
KASSON— In this city. March 23. 188$ Chester
Steele Kasson, a native of Vermont, aged
72 yea rs.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 27. at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Funeral under the auspices of Pocahontas
Tribe No. 11, Imp. O. R. M.. and Postofflce
employes. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery-
LAWLOR— At Creston Ftation, Napa County,
March IS, IS9S, Terrcnce .^awlor. a native of
Ireland, aged 50 years.
LEE— In this city, March 23, IS9B, Jennie, be-
loved wife of Alvin H. Lee, a rative of Ire-
land, aged 27 years.
(T^Frien-is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2429
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LONG— In Chico, March O, 189S, Samuel C.
Long, aged 76 years 10 months and 21 days.
McGRATH— In Mendocino. March 24. 18K,
John J., beloved son of Edward McGrath.
and brother of Mrs. E. T. O'Day, a native
of New York City, aged ?'.» via is.
(EFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morro#
(Saturday), at 9 a ■' from the resi-
dence of his father. 24 TVarl street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, < v:nmcnoing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery
McHUGH— In this ilty. March 23. ISPS. Mar-
garet Mi' Hugh, beloved mother of John Mc-
Hugh, Frar.cis Rielly, Mrs. John Fannrfn
and Mrs. Ellen Quinn; a native of the parish
of Kildallen, County Cavan, Ireland, aged
80 years.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. Francis Rielly. 15 Rincon place,
thence to St. Brendan's church, off Harrison
street, near First, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. . In-
termpnt St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland, by
the 11 o'clock creek boat. Please omit flow-
ers.
MEYER— In OaWand; March 24. IS9S Fred-
erick Conrad, beloved son of F. G. and Elsie
Meyer, and brother of Otto,- Florence, Elsie,
Gertrude and Willie Meyer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years and 6 months.'
MORRIS— In this city, March 23, 1898, Pincus.
beloved husband of Philllpine Morris, and
father of Mrs. H. B. Harris. Mrs. H. Wag-
ner. Mrs. J. Lowensteln, Mrs. F. Donovan
and' Hannah. Miriam, Carrie and Milton Mor-
ris, a native of Germany, aged 63 years and
2 days. 7
• (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his. late resi-
dence, 232 D Twelfth street. Interment New
Salem Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock. train from
Third and Townsend streets. ;
I O'FARRELL— In Oakland, March 24. 11898,1 1898,
Julia, dearly beloved wife of Peter O'Farrell,
and daughter of William and the late Bridget
Walsh. . ; '7 •
SALOMON— In this city, March 23. 1896, Isi-
dore beloved son of Louis and Minna Salo-
" mon, and brother .'• of Samuel, Abraham.
-" Sarah and Pauline Salomon and Mrs.* Ru-
dolph Bremler,. a native of San Francisco,
aged 22. years 8 months and 23 days. .
[C?"Friencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral L this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his parents'
residence, 543 Jessie street, between Fifth and
Sixth, and thence by train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock to New
Salem Cemetery for interment. • . . t -
SCHWEITZER— , this city. March 23, 1898,
Jacob, beloved husband of Dora, and father
of Mrs. " Jules Wiilard, Mrs. Henry Mayer,
Mrs. M. Hirsch and Monroe. Mellville,
Daisy," Hilda and Edna,. -a. native of Germany.
SMITH— In San Jose, March 21 ISW, Mrs.
* ; Caroline Smith, a native of New York," aged
73 years and 4 days.
WILSON— In this city. March 24, .1598. . Charles
• Wilson, father of - Mrs. Annie Etherldge: of
Chicago,' Hl-.: a native of New ■ York ; City,
aged 73 years. '. - , ...t . . j
WOLFE— this city. March 24, 18S8. Mary, l
wife of the late John Wolfe, and, mother of
Mrs.' G. E. Moynes, Mr?. Edward Bolgei l of
Wardner, Idaho, and the late John Wolfe'
.Jr.. a native of Ireland, aged 53 years. .
I Me AVOy"& GALLAGHER, •/ i;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
' 20 HFTH ST.. Opp.. Lincoln SchosL \
.' Telephone, South SO.^^^^ I
I' ii. B. mavoy. Manager.
McAVOYjA CO., '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
1236 Market St.. between Bth and IMb, ■ ■.-.-. a ■
■ :' .*. .-■ • ■?- Telephone. South 247. _^__
mi liiii iiin i
1314
PAID TWICE FOR
THE SAME WORK
Another Job Discovered in the Contract
lor the Plumbing in the New
Ferry Depot.
THE OFFICIAL RECORDS FIX RESPONSIBILITY.
An Item of Cost in Galvanized Iron Work Concerning Which Architect
Swain Refuses to Be Interviewed— lnteresting
Letters to the Board.
The whole story connected with the
plumbing contract for the ferry depot
building has not been told.
Yesterday the readers of The Call
were informed how some thousands of
dollars of the State's money had Leaked
through the fingers of the members of
the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners without any due return having
been given therefor. The exposure o
the dishonest methods of the men who
made the steal possible created a sen
pation in the community greater, if p>>s
Bible, than that caused by previous ex
posures of a like nature In connection
with other contracts for construction
work on the building.
Men whose experience in such mat
ters and whose official positions render
their statements worthy of all cre
dence have come forward with the un
equivocal assertion that the plumbing
in the big ferry building, f>>r which th
State has paid a price so exorbitant as
to be almost beyond belief, is almost
entirely worthless, and is, besides, a
menace to public health. As to the mat
ter of cost, an expert has pointed out.
some of the more glaring changes that
have resulted in gain to the contractor
or those who have aided and abetted
him. Still more remains to be told.
The specifications under which E
James Duffy was awarded the contract
for doing the plumbing work in the
building provided that he should, witl
one exception, do whatever cutting of
floors or walls that might be necessary
for the proper installation of the pipes
In the face of this provision the Com
missioners have relieved the contractor
of the necessity of doing this work, and
have paid the masonry contractor the
sum of $1492 for doing what should
have been done by Mr. Duffy. The
work alluded to is set forth in the fol
lowing paragraph in the plumber's con
tract:
"The contractor shall do all requisite
cutting of floors, iron flanges, etc., but
no cutting shall be done without the
consent of the architect, and any cut
ting done contrary to his direction, or
anything done in a reckless manner,
shall be made good at the contractor's
expense. When pipes pass through
brick walls the openings are to be made
sufficiently large to allow at least one
inch clear space all around the pipe.
Mason contractor will cut holes through
first floor for passage of all soil pipes
as required."
This paragraph is susceptible of but
one construction. It means, if it means
anything, that with the exception of
holes for soil pipes in the first floor the
plumbing contractor must do all the
cutting necessary for the installation
of his pipes. The following communi
cation, taken from the files on record
in the office of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners, will show how this pro
vision was ju^-led with to the great
profit of several parties:
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 19, 1597.
Honorable Board State Harbor Com
missioners— Gentlemen: I am instructed
by your architect. Mr. Swain, to proceed
to drill all necessary holes through the
concrete arches of the first floor of the
ferry depot building and to cut all neces
sary trenches in the concrete floor itself
for the different pipes that are to pass
through the arches. From the data fur
nished me it appears that there will be
"CIRCUMSTANCES MAY NECESSITATE FURTHER CHANGES."
i required about 117 holes and 66 tranches.
According to my contract I am required
i to drill holes for soil pipes "where shown
on plans"; tho number of said pipes
shown on plans was thirty-four, hut 1
estimated thirty-five holes; said holes I
presumed would have to be drilled
through the two-foot arches, but as It is
now projected they will have to puss
through at least four feet of concrete.
• Of necessity the trenches and the holes
I bored will have to be refilled to the top
A MONUMENT TO THEIR OWN WOEK.
On a huge block' of sandstone that supports one of the central arches of
the ferry building the above inscription has been carved. With becom
inp modesty the gentlemen whose names are mentioned have said nothing
about the State of California or the taxpayer*, who provided the funds which
have been so ill expended. The name of the late A. Page Brown, the archi
tect who designed the structure, is conspicuous by its absence. Were It
possible for him to return to the flesh and view the inscription he would
probably express his approval, as he was a man who always liked to pick
his company.
of the concrete floor with cement, mortar
and concrete, for which no provision has
been made — this work to be done after
the said pipes are in place. This in
creases the number of holes to be drilled
to eighty-three and adds sixty-six
trenches *and the filling of all holes and
trenches, which are in no way covered
by the specifications on which I bid, and
are then-fore not covered by any con
tract. I have caused some work on the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 25, 1898.
MAYOR PHELAN NAMES THE COMMITTEE.
Those Who Will Direct the Celebration of the Admission oi
California Into the Union.
After several days of reflection Mayor Phelan has completed the important task of appointing the com
mittee to handle the great international affair of 1901 to celebrate the admission of California into the Union.
At a preliminary meeting held in the Mayor's office at th i City Hall on February 25 last the following res
olution was passed:
Whereas, There Is a general desire to celebrate in a fitting manner the fiftieth anniversary of the admission of
California into the Union by an international exposition to be held in San Francisco; and whereas, San Francisco,
by reason of her climate and past experience is well fitted as a location for such a fair to be held in the fall and
winter months; and whereas, the fiftieth anniversary of the admission of the State occurs in the year 1900. when the
French exposition is also to be held, and which may, on that account, force upjn the citizens of San Francisco the
propriety of holding their fair in the following year, just as the anniversary of the discovery of America was cele
brated in Chicago In 1893, in Btead of 1892: therefore, be It
Resolved, As the sense of this meeting, that a fair be held commemorative of the fiftieth anniversary of the
admission of California into the Union; that a committee of fifteen be appointed by the Mayor to devise a plan and
submit it at a meeting of citizens subsequently to be called, and that they be given discretion in determining in what
year it would be most advantageous too hold such exposition, and as to the character and scope of the enterprise.
In conformity with the provisions of this resolution Mayor Phelan yesterday appointed the following
committee, assigning to the various members the branches of the celebration that they are to handle:
J. B. Reinstein, 217 Sansome street (educational and professional); Charles Bundschu, Second and Market streets
(viticulture); John H. Grady, 18 Post street (real estate); A. S. Baldwin, 10 Montgomery street (Merchants" Associa
tion); General R. H. Warfield, California Hotel (Hotels); A. A. Watkins, 309 Market street (Board of Trade); W. H.
Mills, Hobart building (transportation); A. B. Spreckels, 327 Market street (commerce); Irving M. Scott, L' 22 Market
street (manufacturers); Dr. T. H. Morris, Phelan building (professional); F. L. Brown, 8 and 10 Pine street (manufac
turers); S. H. Friedlander, Baldwin Theater (amusements); Dr. C. A. Clinton, Twenty-first and Howard streets (pro
fessional); John Lackmann, 818 California street (city government); R. P. Doolan, 1424 Mission street (Federal offices).
trenches to be done to enable an estimate
of the cost of same to be made, and
should your honorable board desire us
to do the aforesaid extra work in connec
tion with the work covered by my con
tract I will do the same, furnishing all
the labor necessary and the materials
required, except the cement, which is to
be furnished by you, and perform the
work to the satisfaction of your archi-
I tect and engineer for the sum of $1492.
: Yours most respectfully,
c. f. McCarthy.
(This bid was accepted by the Board of
Harbor Commissioners on motion of
i Commissioner Chadborne on January 26,
: 1897.)
The eighty-three holes to be drilled
for pipes (not soil pipes) and the sixty
six trenches are the items for which
Contractor McCarthy has been paid
$1492. This was work included In the
opening lines of the paragraph of the
specifications above quoted and was
a part of Mr. Duffy's contract. In
other words, the State paid McCarthy
$1492 for doing work it had already paid
Duffy to do.
Some such proceeding as this has
marked every stage in the progress of
the plumbing work. To narrate them
all would only be to add uninteresting
detail to a condition already proven.
A circumstance that may throw some
light on the methods by which con
tractors have been enabled to rob the
State in connection with work done on
the ferry building has just come to
light. It has particular reference to
the contract for galvanized iron work,
concerning which some pertinent facts
have already been set forth in these
columns.
The circumstance in point has to do
with an item of $2956, which was paid
to William Cronan, the contractor, for
extra work required to be performed
on windows in the galleries leading
from the ferry slips to the main build-
Ing.
The first official document referring
to the transaction that appears among
the records of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners is the following com
munication from Cronan to the board
under date of January 31, 1S98:
Gentlemen— l beg to call your attention
to the enclosed bill for extra work for
the windows in the gallery and bridges
for the new Union Depot and Ferry
House. As per original plans there were
274 open circle windows, with the neces
sary pilasters, etc. Now there are 31S, of
which 64 are closed, with tillerl-in panels
and additional pilasters, etc., which make
the closed windows cost nvre than the
open ones. I most respectfully ask your
immediate consideration, as the work has
been completed for some time and I am
badly In need of the money. Yours re
spectfully, WILLIAM CRONAN.
[Enclosure.]
44 extra windows at $5S $2552
20 closed windows, filled In,
etc., at $18 360
Total 52912
From what can be gleaned from un
official sources it appears that this
communication was turned over to Ar
chitect Swain for investigation. A few
days later he made inquiries of a well
known and wholly trustworthy con
tractor who makes a specialty of gal
vanized iron work, and was informed
by this gentleman that $45 each was a
big price to pay for the windows for
which Cronan had charged $58 each.
Indications point to the conclusion
that Mr. Swain and Mr. Cronan met in
council soon after this, for a few days
later Cronan sent a communication to
the board, begging leave to withdraw
his bill nil account of it not being suf
ficiently explicit. Under date of Feb
ruary IS, 1898, Crocan rendered another
bill for this work. It will be seen
by a perusal of the following commun
ication that he added somewhat to the
sum total of the amount charged, but
made a reduction in some of his former
prices:
Gentlemen— l beg leave to call your at
tention to enclosed bill for extra work
on the windows in the gallery and bridges
of the new Union Depot and Ferry House.
As per the original plans there were 274
windows filled with wooden sashes, etc.,
with the necessary pilasters, etc. Now
there are 318 windows, which m;ikes 44
extra. Also there are now 64 closed win
dows, with filled-in panels, not contem
plated originally. I most respectfully ask
your immediate consideration, as the
work has been completed for some time.
Yours respectfully,
WILLIAM CRONAN.
[Enclosure.]
44 windows at $49 $2156
64 closed windows, filled in,
etc., at $12 50 800
Total $2956
The recorded evidence of Architect
Swain's approval of this estimate, even
after he had been informed by a com
petent authority that $45 each would be
a big price to pay for the windows
charged in the first item of the bill, is
had in the following report, dated
March 4, 1898:
To the Honorable Board of Harbor Com
missioners—Gentlemen: I have the honor
to report that William Cronan, contrac
tor for roofing and galvanized Iron work
for the Union Depot and Ferry House,
has completed the work for which an ex
tra allowance was made by your board
on March 4, 189S, and I therefore recom
mend payment in full as follows:
44 extra windows at $49 $2156
64 windows, filled in, etc., at
$12 50 800
Total $2956
Tours respectfully. E. R. SWAIN.
This closes the incident, as the war
correspondents say, at least for the
present. Mr. Swain refuses to be in
terviewed, because, he says, he "will
get the worst of it, no matter what la
said." For a man of Mr. Swain's po
sition this reluctance to rusn into print
in his own behalf is not without its
compensations. It saves no end of
trouble in trying to find plausible ex
planations for things that are not sus
ceptible of explanation. •
Injured by a Car.
William Emerson, a boy living at 400
Golden Gate avenue, was crossing Geary
and Larkln streets yesterday afternoon
when he was struck by a car and knocked
down. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where It w.as found that he
had escaped with contusions of the ear,
side and hand. Dr. Fitzgibbon thought
that he might also have been injured in
ternally. Eye witnesses of the accident
said that* the motorman did not ring
his bell to warn thp boy.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the door- of subscribers.
An Official Visit.
Charles Miller, Deputy Collector of Cus
toms at Port Townsend, is visiting friends
In this city. He was shown through the
intricacies and mysteries of the San
Francisco Custom House yesterday by
First Division Deputy Farley.
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, suc
cessor to Morris & Kennedy, art dealers. 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
his large stock Irrespective of coat. •
LOS ROSAS WAS
A "RINGER"
Identified as Mary Nance,
a Well - Known
Performer.
Harry Wise, the Real Owner of
the Mare, Ruled off the
Turf.
A Carefully L»id Coup That Failed to
Come Off at the Oakland
Track.
On Friday, March 11, the opening
race on the card at Oakland track,
was a five furlong sprint for maiden
three-year-olds and upward, and a big
field of twenty horses lined up at the
gate. Before the betting had fairly be
gun is was hinted about that Los
Rosas was the "good thing," and the
books were fairly besieged with all
sorts of coin, soon forcing the odds
from 6 down to 2 to 1. The warm one
was beaten out in a drive by P. A.
Finnegan, an outsider. On the pro
gramme Los Rosas appeared as four
year-old, mare by Emperor of Norfolk-
Josle Anderson. It now transpires that
the mare that started in thai; race was
not Los Rosas at all. but Mary Nance,
a daughter of Miracle and Martha X, a
frequent starter o nthe St. Louis fair
grounds track last summer.
After thorough investigation the
stewards of the California Jockey Club
have discovered that the actual owner
of the "ringer" was Harry Wise of this
city, a son of ex-Collector of Port John
H. Wise, and a familiar figure in both
trotting and running horse circles.
And, at a meeting of the stewards held
last evening that young turfman, to
gether with Al Goodin, trainer of the
"ringer," were ruled off the turf for
life.
From all the details learned a care
fully laid coup was planned, though by
means resorted to only by the most
disreputable of outlawed horsemen on
the Eastern fly-by-night tracks.
Goodin is well known on the outlaw
tracks In the Middle West, having at
one time operated a string of horses,
among which were Arion, White Cock
ade and Ozark 11, the latter a very fair
performer.
HARRY E. WISE, THE EXPELLED TURFMAN.
Mary Nance was formerly owned by
Elmer Slaughter and it was while rid
ing her in a race run at St. Louis one
day last summer that Charley Slaugh
ter, the well-known jockey and brother
of her owner, received injuries through
a fall that retired him from the sad
dle. Later the mare was shipped to
Texas where Goodin obtained posses
sion of her. She was shipped out here
last fall in the same car with the horses
owned by Nolan and Tholl. and was
held as security by the latter firm un
til her transportation charges were
paid Goodin at that time being short
of funds. At the Baldwin sale of "culls"
held at Oakland track late in Decem
ber last Los Rosas was knocked down
to the bid of Goodin for $55.
The latter mare resembled greatly
in conformation and color Mary Nance,
and both mares were sent down to the
Wise ranch, near Gilroy, where over a
short track the "prep" was put on for
the "killing."
Before the board of stewards yester
day Harry Wise declared himself inno
ADVERTISEMENTS. ______^ —
||9 STRONG 1 0 STRONG 10
I \L LEADERS \L LEADERS 1 L
c. . .
jl ■ .
? In connection with our PEERLESS DISPLAY OF NEW
• SPRING STYLES AND NOVELTIES, and as an extra indue
% ment to its immediate inspection, six of our leading depart-
+ ments to-day combine in an offering of the following
I SPECIAL LINES AT SPECIAL PRICES I
® ===== =====
! LADIES' WAISTS.
© . -^*--v • - :.:'■■■:
% -X^^ LADIES LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, detachable collars, In
w JJC dark plaids; regular price 60c. Will be placed on sale at 3oc.
© $£ £0 LADIES' SILK WAISTS, in all the latest plaids and stripes; regru-
4. $ J. O\J lar price $6 50. Will be offered at $5 50.
I VEILINGS OND EMBROIDERY.
+ 20e to 300 pieces BLACK SILK VEILING, dotted and plain mesh, 18 inches
A zuc IO wide a , large assortment to select from: on sale at 20c to 50c per
+ 50c yard.'
• icr 4000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, neat open patterns, 4 and 5
+ IDC inches wide; value 25c; on special sale at 15c per yard.
• LADIESMHOSIERY.
I nr- 100 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, double heel and
0 ADC toe, with white feet; regular value $4 00 per dozen; on sale at 25c
-}. per pair.
? n. n\~ 300 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK INGRAIN HOSE, extra heavy,
+ JJ3C black or white feet; also ribbed top; special at 33 l-3c.
Ny v ■
? MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
IIC 75 dozen MEN'S FULL FINISHED HEAVY OXFORD GRAY
T IDC MERINO SOCKS, finished with double spliced heels and toes; ex-
■+"- tra value -or 25c; will be offered at 15c pair.
+• -7C 42 dozen MEN'S HEAVY VICUNA UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
q, /DC ERS, fancy silk finished; regular price $125; will be offered at 75c
.j. each.
I LADIES' KID GLOVES.
5>•7 c- 35 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP KID GLOVES, embroidered back, colors,
J DC brown, tan, ox blood, green and white; regular value $100; will be
• offered for 75c a pair.
© QCZ~ 43 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP GENUINE FRENCH CHAMOIS
4. ODC GLOVES, embroidered in black and self-colored stitching, colors,
A '.white and natural; worth $1 00; will be on sale at 85c a pair.
i ■ NOTE— AII our Chamois Gloves are guaranteed to wash and fit perfectly.
? RIBBONS. RIBBONS;
I,r No. 40 314-inch ALL-SILK COLORED MOIRE RIBBON will be of-
j* IDC fered at 15c.
© ~*r\~ No. 60 4-inch ALL-SILK COLORED MOIRE RIBBON will be of-
+ Z.\JC fered at 20c :
+ ~
+ {/[/ Murphy Building:, Jr {/(/ Murphy Building:. M
I Market and Jones Streets. Market ana Jones Streets.
cent of any attempt at fraud in the
matter, saying that the horses were
misrepresented to him, Mary Nance
being pointed out to him as Los Rosas
and vice versa, and that he only
wagered $150 on the result of the race.
Goodta when found in Oakland
yesterday morning, wore a very non
chalant air, declaring that he "got the
coin" and it was immaterial what ac
tiun was taken in his case. He fur
ther stated that others were interested
in the job, but refused to disclose their
"pTunkett, in whose name the mare
started, is an employe of the "ft ise
ranch, and undoubtedly was not inter
ested in the result, his name merely
being used as a subterfuge to deceive
the public No credence was placed in
the assertion made by Mr. Wise, with
the result stated.
On the trotting turf Harry Wise is
well known as the owner of the fast
pacing mare Lena N, which appeared
on the Montana circuit with some suc
cess last year.
It would appear from outside sources
that while Wise may not have cleaned
up any great amount on the race, the
price for place being very short. Train
er Goodwin "knew something" and
wired friends in the south to plug Los
Rosas for the place. Conley rode the
mare in the race, and to all appear
ances did his best to win, though get
ting away from the post none too well.
Japanese Laborers.
Sixty Japanese laborers arrived yester
day on the City of Puebla from Victoria.
They are being examined by the Immi
gration. Commissioner and the special
board of inquiry.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never falls. 26c*
BATTLED WITH
THREE THIEVES
W. Jackson Has a Thrilling f
Experience on Market
Street.
Ho Was Badly Be.aten While Trying
to Recover an Overcoat Stolen
From His Wagon.
TV. Jackson, who drives an express
wagon for John Perm, an expressman,
corner of Post and Powell streets, was
made a fit subject for a hospital last
evening on Market street by three des
perate characters, supposed to be petty
larceny thieves and sandbaggers, who
had stolen an overcoat from the wagon
driven by Jaskson while he was employed
in delivering a trunk in the Baldwin an
nex. Jackson, while his wounds were
being dressed said he missed his over
coat from the seat of his wagon, but as
'"luck would have it" he saw the coat
in the hands of a man who was walking
down Market street in company with
two other persons. He ran and caught
up with them just at the corner of Ellis
and Market streets. He demanded the
coat from the men, but they ignored
him. He took hold of the arm of the
man who was carrying the coat and then
the battle began. Jackson lost a piece
of his lip and his eyes were almost swol
len shut as a result of the beating the
thieves gave him. He did not get his
coat back.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(Philadelphia ,
I Shoe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MEAT 1
»■•• . _ "j;£:» -
I THE BEST VALUE 1
d Ever offered In this city. Ladles" fine O
dark Chocolate Kid Lace . Shoes, with rt
*•*, embroidered silk vestlßj; tops. New coin W
« toes and tips. The latest style and the C*
r~ nobbiest fitter. THE PRICE, $2. We \Z
Q defy competition. All sizes and widths O
~ Call and set estimates on Klondike j*c
% * Footwear before purchasing elsewhere
1% We have the largest and best-selected »
£ stock in this city. < - yea ~
« d
& Country orders solicited. & ", -
« Send for New Illustrated Catalogue rt * 4
__, Address . .-;.■.■.,,,"■'- *■* --■ '
» : ••■ . . .« ;
» B. KATCHINSKI, »
a PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.. »
'-' 10 Third St., San Francisco. »